Alright enough, that's way too adorable and genuine. I wish I will be able to do that exact thing someday 
Everyone in this thread thinks the teddy bear will be put out to pasture but little do you know that it will be given to the puppy who will love it until it rips its stuffing out
That stuffed dog is going to be the saddest Toy Story 4 character I've ever seen.


The moment the teddy bear died inside 
"Nothing on /r/aww could make me cry"
*5 minutes later*
LIFE IS SO BEAUTIFUL *ugly sobs*
http://imgur.com/gallery/sxPaN83
Source?
They will be best friends until one day she will cry again.

Source: have ~~owned~~ loved dogs
This made me cry.
Protip: If you're a kid and want your parents to let you have a dog, tie a string to the lid of your laundry hamper. Name it. Pet it. Lead it around. Teach it to heel. Eventually they will realize a dog is cheaper than therapy and give in. (Worked on my folks!)
Can someone please reverse this!?
Goddamnit, we've been debating getting a dog. I'm going to have to call the shelter right now.

Edit: Thanks for all the tips. Great, great options here and I truly appreciate all the advice. In our area, calling a shelter for a hypoallergenic dog is the start of a long wait, so this is not a Christmas pet. It's something we've been thinking of for a year and that we'll probably wait for, for some time, and that's okay. Our pets are our family which is one reason we've waited so long.
Every child should have a dog in their lives. 
I'm 30 years old. I'm still quite confident that stuffed animals have feelings. 
"I'd like to return this hooman pls, it's leaking." 

-Pupper
Watching this with my dying dog next to me legitimately made me cry for the first time in years.
The look of disappointment on stuffed dog's face...
Everything about this is classy. 
Oh man, that loving, kind, and gentle brushing back of the hair...

ðŸ’”

Well, back to /r/raisedbynarcissists I go.
In every one of these videos, the puppy looks slightly uncomfortable.

>I feel like this smaller hooman is freaking out.  Is she freaking out?  I'm not sure...  about this situation.

Still adorable.
God I love dogs!  
Thanks. Now I'm fucking bawling my eyes out. Pets are the best. Every kid should grow up with at least one. 
That poor stuffed animal. It looked right into the camera with such a look of betrayal. 
Step 1, hide the teddy bear before puppy finds it.
[source is kinda buried as of now so here goes] (https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/5i7gtq/surprise_present/db64xfb/).  shouts out to /u/jj941
I hope they have wonderful memories together.
No I want a puppy and a kid. And I have neither!
God, as I get older I become a bigger and bigger sucker for emotional stuff. 10 years ago me, "Pffft. Girl gets dog. Who cares? I didn't get a dog and I turned out fine." Now, "THAT IS THE CUTEST THING EVER OH MY LORD I WANT A DAUGHTER SO BADLY TO GIVE A PUPPY TO JUST LOOK AT HOW SHE GOES FROM CONFUSED TO EVEN MORE CONFUSED TO BEING IN TEARS I NEED TO SEND THIS TO EVERY RELATIVE IMMEDIATELY."
My parents did this for me, and I reacted the same way. 

Best 12 years of my life 
[deleted]
Do you know, I have the same reaction when 5 o'clock on a friday hits and someone hands me a beer.
That is a reaction of a child that deserves that dog.
My parents did this for me. It was out of love, but also because I wore them the fuck down with my multi-year kitty campaign.

I told them I wanted a kitty throughout the day, every day. When I was watching lamb chop, they had a cat on the show and I miserably told my mom "even lamb chop gets a kitty." When we went on a trip to the Florida keys, a little kitty followed us one day and after they told me we couldn't keep him I said "even Florida gets a kitty."

Well, they finally caved and rescued a kitty. I was snuggling in bed with my mom on the morning of my birthday when a striped tail flicked at the end of the bed. That moment of realization is one of the happiest memories I have.

To be fair to my siblings, the cat belonged to everyone in the family but my present was naming him. I named him Jesse after Uncle Jesse from full house. We shared 16 beautiful years.
That is a great present to wake up to.
This is awesome! But if anyone wants to get a pet make sure you really want them. They are not simple gifts! They are a commitment! 

Spread the love of puppers this Christmas, or doggos too!
Omg... How the dog is looking at her :')
Damn; this made me ball my eyes out.
...and Teddy was put in the attic, never to be hugged again.
That is so precious!
My wife just busted me with tears on my cheeks.
Then I showed her and she cried.

Thanks.  Thanks a lot.
This is so fucking adorable. I miss being a kid. Being a 36 year old sucks. No more magic, no more innocence. 
You vs The guy she tells you not to worry about.
For some reason I read the title as "sunrise sunset" and had the song stuck in my head. Now that I think about it, the reason is that I'm drunk
lmao the dogs like 

*"lol wtf is going on"*
Aww! I remember my first dog. My parents took my brother and me to my aunts house whose dogs just had puppies. I remember going up to the fence and picking this one black and white dog, female. My older brother said no. He liked a brown one better. So we compromised and got his brown dog because, older brother. Nine years later I cried like a little bitch when our dog died. RIP Bobby. The greatest dog ever.
how to make your child love you forever
Dusty in here...
[Word cloud out of all the comments.](http://i.imgur.com/eJPgc6K.png)

I hope you like it
And then, the mother silently gives her a knife as well.
God I am such a cynic... just seems fake to me. 
I'M NOT CRYING. YOU'RE CRYING.
I was having a bad day, and this made me cry happy tears. Thank you!
This is the sweetest thing I've seen in awhile. Lots of love in this family :)
I believe that's a golden doodle. It looks like my Buzzy when he was just a pup 
Now I want a reverse of this where the parent takes the puppy from their crying child and replaces it with a fake one. The child is now numb and clutches the doll to her chest.

Edit: and they also make sure to brush her hair into her eyes just to make things worse 
God dammit I started crying. 
Man, I need to tell my wife so we can do this to our kids. But first I need to get a puppy....and some kids.....and a wife....
I'm not crying you're crying 
Someone needs to reverse gif this
I don't know if I should vote up or down:    
-I feel bad for the plush dog and think that pets shouldn't be gifted, but    
+look at her reaction omfg
Shit now I'm crying :') 
"Jeez get the hair out the way it's ruining the shot" female parental figure
You know all those promises she's going to make about taking him for walks, feeding him, etc? She will break all of them. Especially when it's cold.
That is so sweet. This is what memories are made of.
Everyone in this thread thinks the teddy bear will be put out to pasture but little do you know that it will be given to the puppy who will love it until it rips its stuffing out
These fucking onions, god damn it!
They shoulda waited til she was asleep then convinced her that the stuffed animal came to life
So cruel. See how she cries? She clearly wanted that teddy bear back. 
Beautiful, a real  tearing session on my part.
this made my day. thank you 
this might sound dumb, but I just felt really sad for that stuffed animal.
God all I could think of was how depressing that would be for the stuffed animal.  Cup half empty life.
That poor bear
this is the cutest thing
Well this made my night.   Live the way the puppy looks at her as if to say,  "hi,  you must be my new mommy" 
One of these days I will melt as a parent. I'll cry at every moment like this...to see those tears of joy. I'm a manly man...but I'll freaking turn to jelly
I can confidently say, as a stone hearted manly man that has seen hundreds of /r/aww posts, this is the first one that actually made me say 'aww' out loud.  
I'm 23 I'd react the exact same way
That made me so happy. Like you can see her whole life light up after she was given that puppy. 
Damn I want to have a kid.  Is that normal?  I'm a 16 year old dude and I want kids one day?
The little puppy just looks at her like "Are you my momma now?"
Nobody forgets their first dog.
Am I the only one that feels bad for the stuffed animal.... :(
And then the teddy bear had to be put down.
Thing is it doesn't have to be a puppy or even a surprise to get this reaction. 

SO and I had been planning to adopt a rescue for almost a year, looking at all the adoption pages, found one suitable, met her and played for an hour, talked about it and decided to adopt it. 

While I'm filling out the paperwork my 30 year old girlfriend is sitting on the ground crying and hugging our [new dog.](http://imgur.com/PB2qnyj)

So I guess you don't have to be a kid either. 

Edit. [Another pic because I love this little muppet.](http://m.imgur.com/a/iYMTc)


http://image.prntscr.com/image/86f9df47badf4944bfc9607264a596e2.png The face of soon to be revenge.
What about the other one she was holding...  still smiling like a champ after being instantly replaced.
I'm not crying, you're crying
But but, what about the teddy bear?
Even better with sound:
https://rumble.com/v32tkv-puppy-surprise-for-our-little-girl-.html
Darling, your hair is in the way of your adorable expressions. Aw Gaawd aren't we wonderful parents !
My boyfriend while watching this: "No, don't cry cause then you'll make me cry, you little shit"
here, let me get that hair off your face so we can better film you crying for everyone the internet
3 months  later:

Dad: Rachel have you walked the dog and picked up the poop?
Rachel: it's Tommy's turn!! I did it 3 weeks ago!!
Don't get your kids puppies as gifts it's fucked up since they don't take care of them. You do, you wanna get a dog adopt a dog that's already 1-3 from the shelter.
Remember, a dog is not for Christmas, it's for life.
And the adventure begins.
Seeing this warmed my heart.
This is such an infectious happy moment, we need more of these.
Teddy is irreplaceable 
A little girl that cries with joy. 


You got a good one.
Pow!  Right in the feels. 
But are there gonna be rabbits George?
this is what love looks like.  
Fuck this made me melt
This melted my heart like a cool island song. 
Awww!ðŸ˜Š
The dog's like "I don't know what the fuck is going on"
I can watch puppygifts for hours
best present for both kid and dog.
I remember that exact feeling when my folks broke down and got us a dog and I held our little pup on the kitchen floor with tears in my eyes.
I love seeing children cry (full stop) over cute animals. I completely understand, small child.
Can someone reverse it so it looks like her parents are absolute savages?

Aww the things parents do for karma
I just wanted a stuffed animal!  You can't disappoint a stuffed animal!
Just awesome.
A real heartwarming .GIF
That girl is at happiness level 1000+.
Instant best friends.
I want to see a picture of them 5 years from now.


Feelz 
Thank you for the post, OP - my Cocker Spaniel (buff colored) is 18 years old, and I've had her since she was a puppy.  I probably wasn't much older than the girl in this photo when I got her.  She's sitting beside me right now ... and as I watch her struggle to get up these days because her bones are so old and her muscles are getting weaker ... it's hard to not get emotional knowing that I'll have to say goodbye to her soon.  Seeing your post took me back to some happier days when I first got her, and helped me really take inventory of how many wonderful memories I have of all our years together...   so thank you for that.  I really needed it ...
This melted even my ice cold heart. Goddamn 
Dogs are awesome. Its like innocence, joy, happiness, and unending love rolled into one package.

^^^^Imissmydog.=(
Seemingly inappropriate, but I let out an audible "fuck yeah!" for this. This dog just *made* it. I think the girl was happy too.
I thought the dog was stuffed at first HAHAHA
I really think every kid should have a pet.  From what I can tell the majority animal abusers never grew up with pets and were never taught how to care for them.  Pretty easy to be cruel to something you never bonded with.
Right in the feels
Wow no one cares about the Teddy bear? It's OK o feel your pain poor Teddy : '(
Precious
The childhood I never had...
My mom surprised me with a puppy on my 21st birthday that I forced her to play with at a pet store a week after our former dog died. Cooper will never replace Codie, but fuck I love this dog. I wish I had video of my reaction when she walked in with him. This girl has a lifetime memory in gif form :)
My life isn't happy enough. I need a kid. And a wife. And a dog. 
Awesome! One of the best things I've ever done for my kids was to make sure they were able to grow up with furry family members.
And if you want to have a terrible day, play it in reverse!
R/mademesmile
Oh God, this is the cutest thing ever in existence. 
That reminds me of my cousin. Pets are great for self-esteem.
Can someone please reverse this gif.  Lol
It's hard for me to maintain my attitude of 'it's easier to just be alone and single than to be with someone and have kids' when I see stuff like this. Drats.
This was the same scene when I got my dog for my 16th birthday...
thats so sweet
Her reaction is beatiful
I still remember the day when i first got my cat.
So great!!
The only reason I want to have kids is so I can give them a puppy one day. 
I just got back home drunk and now I'm tearing up
All those nights you worry about whether she is safe, how late she stays out, is all worth it for a few moments like these.  
Merry Christmas here's a bork
Member when you got your first dog? Member?
this broke my heart
Goddamn that's precious.
I want there to be audio so badly
It's cute until I realize both the dog and the girl will one day experience some form of cruelty then die
That was so pure 
Can we get a reversed version of this?

STOP MAKING ME CRY
*hugs cat*
Aww so sweet. The 3 stages of denial followed by acceptance. I will care for this floof wif my life.
OH no I'm starting to cry quick read the comments!

Ahhhhh cold and bitter again 
my eyes are sweating
I came from r/all and I never browse here but holy shit this is amazing 
I have one of my little sister getting her puppy from a few days ago. I will post it in the morning. 
This was my exact reaction when I was given my dog as a gift. Best day ever. 
I'm not crying you're crying
darned onions
Welp, guess I have to buy my kid a puppy.
Her reaction is sweet, but those tears of joy will turn to tears of sadness, as that puppy crews everything she cherishes.

I never had a dog as a kid. My first goal after graduating college is getting one. This will be my reaction.
This made me cry. I love my dog. :( :)
I guess the world is a kind ok place. 
The dog is great and all, but the hair flick is SUCH a mum thing to do
Why in the hell is this a GIF? Jesus Christ reddit. The audio makes the video what it is. Take away the audio and you've lost a lot of what makes videos great. This GIF obsession is one of the only things I don't like about this website.
I don't want to be around in the future when it dies 
Dammit, I got tears in my beer. 
Wonderful.  Thank you.
So precious 

Thanks for sharing
I just logged on for the specific reason of thanking the op for posting this. After a frustrating and crappy day it brought me to happy tears.
Teddy bear fell into nervous breakdown that day...
Me too little girl. Me too. 
I don't want kids, and this made me want kids
I'm not crying, YOU'RE crying!
Puppy: *why hullo there hooman*
The look of, "why are you taking my bear away....oh wait there is a puppy" is magical
How yall gonna let this get to r/all and make me cry and shit... :') so sweet
Kinda love the fact she looked happy with just the stuffed animal and wasn't expecting the real pup.
...and that dog was loved my his new little girl for the rest of his life.
I haven't seen a top comment asking why the girl was meditating with the stuffed animal, so I want to ask why was this girl meditating with the stuffed animal? 

And yes this was eye watering cute. 
Aww i always smile when I see videos like this. I think they'll be best friends 4life
Surprise best friend. 
crying my absolute eyes out.  this looks a lot like me as a kid. i miss my old dog bingo, he was 18 when he died and i grew up with him :(

i love my wee pupper i have though, she is 7 and lovely <3
This is one of the most wonderful things I have ever seen!!
This made me cry. I'd love to do this to my daughter one day.
this is literally the best thing I ever seen in a week. thank you OP for making my day
I wish I could be that happy. ðŸ˜Œ
I have watched this so many times. Her reaction is so sweet!
I'm not crying! Onions...look....I'm not! You are!
IM NOT CRYING
I cant stop watching it
After a weeks of eating potatoes, Emily was handed her first proper meal. 
Damn you. I'm a 37 year old butch dude, and you made me betray my glorious manliness. 
HEY FUCK YOU MAN I'M NOT CRYING YOU'RE CRYING
Most innocent, pure thing in the world 
When I was a little kid, I remember reacting this way to my first cellphone. It was a cool looking yellow Siemens C35. Oh, the memories!

What a good pet it was...
Just before school? That's so mean!
Im notoriously cold hearted with stuff along these lines. But the genuine gratitude and happiness is pretty over whelming here.
"Now let's throw away this stuffed toy, it was starting to smell"
Sorry to be that one asshole dick... but I want to see this gif in reverse.
I... just felt sorry for the plush dog :/
Awwwww, her expression is soooo sweet! cuteness overload <3
I promise.  I just have something in both my eyes...OK?
Her face getting red really fast
Poor teddy bear.
Almost makes me wanna have a child - almost.
And THATS an upvote....
This is super adorable and makes me want to buy another puppy for my daughter.
That is the most pleasant GIF I have seen in a while. 

Everything about it is just adorable. 
Hmm, When we gave my sister her kitten, she didn't react like this, because in her previous home, she wasn't allowed to show feelings without getting scolded or made fun of (Adopted, like me), so she picked it up, ran into her room and started crying while petting it.

I almost regret buying them, because she is very emotional and I can only imagine what would happen if something happens to them. fuck
Plot twist - mom wanted her toy back
That's a terrible way to introduce a dog to anything new
A DOG IS FOR LIFE. 
And this heartfelt and genuine emotional moment was captured vertically on a phone
Fuck my eyes are peeing..
Closes eyes while hugging stuffed dog.  "I wish this were a real dog" seconds later Holy Shit it's a festivus miracle.
AHHH the 'ol reddit doggie a'roo!
After feeling joy for a few seconds, my next thought was dark, skipping ahead 15 years when she has the opposite but just as emotional reaction.

My dog died 3 months ago, need to move on.
The girl is like "a puppy!" and the pup is like "a little girl!"
Wow /r, I didn't think it was possible, but this is the first time a gif made me cry!
"Do you love it? Gonna take good care of it? Alright Now take It outside before it shits on my carpet."
As a parent, I love making my daughters happy.  Best feeling in the world is when I see them smiling and truly happy.  You live for moments like this.
I'm saving this for when Overwatch eventually kills my soul.

Easily a xpost to /r/MadeMeSmile.
I imagine she's hugging the toy and wishing to herself that it was a Real dog. 
Her reaction is what every parent hopes for. 

I get the same reaction from my kids when I get them a new gaming console. Hehe...
I'm not sure if it's my job or Reddit that makes me a cynical SOB. Some part wants me to believe this is genuine, another part screams this is fake (and that kid should get actor work). Damn you Reddit, and means to pay my bills!!!!!!!!!!


Truly appreciated ðŸ‘ðŸ»
This is one of the biggest moment when my upvote cannot show how much I wanna upvote this.
This makes me want my own daughter so badly. 
Witnessing true emotions has always inspired people to do great things. Thanks for posting.
I'd be crying too if they took my stuffed animal away and replaced it with an unpleasant squirming smelly thing that pees on whomever holds it. 
Uhh, with how tight she was hugging that bear I would be very careful in handing Lenny there a puppy.

{Before down-votes, it was joke}
As teddy bear cries on the inside. 
Id be unhappy too if my parents jacked my stuff dog and then handed me massive responsibility.
So this is late but I'll say it anyways. My oldest daughter looks to be about the same age as this girl and also looks very similar to to girl too. Now, I love dogs but I would never ever ever ever own one. There are a lot of reasons why that I can't get into but watching this not only makes my eyes water a tiny bit but makes me want to get a dog just so I can see my daughter react in the same way.
Wait, so you guys don't think this is staged?
That's a Pixar movie right there. You can imagine how crushed that poor teddy is - it's been with her since she was born and all of a sudden hers jerked away and replaced by a dog.
My heart just melted after watching this. This is way too cute!
But I JUST saw a LPT telling me never to give an animal as a pet! Mixed signals reddit
Dog is probably wondering why the hooman is leaking
Parenting goals: give a gift so good they cry of happiness 
Holy shit I wasn't ready for that
GODDAMIT STOP MAKING ME FEEL THINGS. I cried three tears just now.
crap, that made me cry
10/10 would upvote again
I'm a grown ass man and this shit makes me tear up
If I ever have a daughter this is in my bag of tricks for cheering her up on a sad day!
I was having a really unpleasant morning and I just happened to look at this expecting it to be something else.. Was definitely not disappointed and my morning just improved. Well done. 
NEED SAUCE NOW
"Pull back your hair sweetie we need to see your reaction for the internet people"
I don't know. Am I the only person who believes you should not give pets as presents? Pets are a privilege, and a responsibility. Not a gift. 
I have a bias against a pet as a surprise gift.  I ended up with a wiener dog.  A person should choose their own pet.
You just nearly made a 230lb 28 year old male with a gnarly beard cry. 
I dont want to be mean guys and this might be and unpopular opinion but I think you should not "gift" a dog or cat. Because that is how they land on animal shelters
<3 So beautiful. Y'all are awesome! :-D
She's crying because she wanted a cat. 
I know I'm getting downvoted for this... But if you know you're about to record a precious moment you'll want to keep forever, why would you record it vertically?
This is extremely cute and it's not really a problem in this case but remember that a pet is a large responsibility, physically, emotionally and financially.

Do not give someone a pet on a whim or as a surprise present, while this is adorable the pup has the girl's parents to look after it if she is unable to for some reason. Make sure the person receiving the pet can take care of it, because they will have it a long time.
Pets arent presents.
[removed]
I would have cried too
its rare when something makes my heart melt 
And here's you crying again in 8-10 years.
"Wait, so now I'll have to take care of an actual dog?" [crying intensifies]
I don't mean to be that guy, but why was she just sitting there with her eyes closed hugging her doll, perfectly framed and such. 
This is too precious for reddit. The people of reddit don't deserve this beauty. 
This needs reversing
My eyes appear to have developed some sort of leak
*Now let's get your hair out of the way so that the Internet people can see your reaction and give me karma.*


She looks like the girl from stranger things
I wish I had a dog growing up...
what is she doing to that stuffed animal in the beginning
I just cried so hard. I never cry. I love this. 
Having just lost my dog, all i can say looking back is to take care of them. You mean the world to them just as much as they do to you.
Never give an animal as a gift. 
I've been feeling a bit down in the last few months.

Until last week I discovered VetRanch on YouTube, where a group of vets take scheduled to be put down dogs from shelters, often mentally and physically broken and heal them, in body and soul.

I now am completely in the Christmas spirit and on my way out of feeling depressed as fuck.

Granted, some of the stories behind these pets conditions are depressing as fuck and make you loose faith in mankind (not like I have much of that to begin with), but seeing how they get better, become happy pups and kittens, often even while missing a limb or two. Makes my day!
Pollen this time of year is horrible, makes my eyes water. 
As cute as this is, Pets shouldn't be given as gifts
Aww, this is my colleague Sarah and her daughter from last Christmas. Man first time I've seen someone I know on the front page of Reddit. Gona let her know.
I could've sworn I saw a LPT post on the front page earlier today or yesterday titled something along the lines "Don't give an animal as a present".

Guess that life pro tip went out the window with OP here.
If I ever decide to have kids I'm gonna do this but with a dead cat instead 
I was going to sleep and then I saw this and now I am crying and want a pug
100000000% planned.
Im not crying, you're crying!
Dogs are large and by far the greatest thing in this world. It's because they want nothing more and to share love with their people, It's a simple relationship, you both live to make each other as happy as you can. 
No house is a home without the  love of a dog to fill it.
God damnit a 10 second gif made me loose my shit well play r/aww well play indeed 
Puppies are not presents.  Puppies are an investment at minimum of 12 years.  
Friends for forever.
This is pretty cool
This is the cutest thing I have ever seen
Wow that's adorable! The girl's reaction makes me sad instead of happy... for some reason. 
Aww, she looks so genuinely happy and grateful. How sweet. 
I always wondered if that eyebrow move when you see something that's 'awww' is nature or nurture. 
Everyone loves a surprise pupper
Her face turning red seems so surreal.
That looks like a nice dog. 
But it's not even Christmas yet
This is geat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vVPC_z6oXpc
You can see her say "puppy"
Very cute
I'm 100% doing this to my kid someday.
When i have a daughter this is exactly how i want her to be, so adorable
And they say humans can't change colors.
This looks seems [familiar.](https://youtu.be/hCvCPDy8Z1E)
Always wanted a puppy as a gift.
When she sees the real dog she hesitates for a moment, like "oh okay, another stuffed anim...!"
If only I had a dog in my childhood
That poor stuffed animal got shafted!

I feel bad for the teddy bear :(((((
This is literally the worst thing that can happen in the Toy Story universe.
This scene is real sad in the Toy Story universe.
That's love man
Awww the way the puppy looks up at her ðŸ’•
Me vs the guy she tells me not to worry about
Oh my god
/r/GirlsCuddlingPuppies
Holy hell. This is tops for me. I am so glad I don't have a child, bc if I did, I'd also be having a small dog very soon. 
Give the kid her teddy back! Dont you see that she is crying?
Such a nice family ðŸ¤—
The magic of the innocence of being young. Man, I miss that kind of joy. 
care package delivered
I've always wanted a dog but couldn't due to an allergic parent as a kid and too little money in uni. God, I can't wait until I have the income and stability for a big dog. As a grown man I'll probably have the same reaction as her. 
awwwww
poor poor thing
I've never been so happy looking at a gif before holy shit.
me when i see any dog!
/r/gifsthatendtoosoon maybe /r/combinedgifs can help. Her head was going to explode   
[Poor Jessie](https://youtu.be/hCvCPDy8Z1E?t=2m22s)
This warms my heart so much. Dogs are pretty much the only friend I've had recently so seeing this is like seeing two best friends meeting for the first time.
Ahhh, they told her to wish for a real dog. Got it.
Wrong subreddit. There's not nearly enough "w"s in the world to cover this.
She's terrified!
Fuck this gif is so sweet it might kill me.
I can imagine the conversation to stage this went something like "hold your bear with your eyes closed and I'm gonna come at you from the side with a surprise."
That teddy is now living the hard life.
So much amazing painfully relatable emotion in that last look at the very end. Damn you, empathy, you win this round 
This was just awesome! :D
That was absolutely adorable. 
So adorable... 
Thank you for making my day.
Oh my goddddddddd please this is so cute


the girl's reaction is so great
Just wait until it shits in her bed! 
This is the type of quality post reddit needs more of. So cuuute!
All the feels...
That's a friendship that will last a long time. I still miss my childhood buddy Whiskers, even though it's been 15 years 
[deleted]
Big Surprise...
Awww, that's cute!
this is cute and all but probably that stuffed dogs nightmare
"Oh wow that's a nice plush WAIT ITS HEAD MOVED THAT'S AN ACTUAL DOG."
That was just beautiful, really needed that today. Just a cosmic reminder doing things for others selflessly is one of this world's few gifts. Thanks for sharing. 
The look on her face was priceless.
Perfect family
Did anyone else have an almost extra slow moment where sad music from toy story played as the dog toy was taken away, forgotten on the top shelf.. anyone?
Currently stressing and freaking out about finals this week, but seeing this has put me in a little bit of a better mood. 

*continues to cry internally*
Just make sure a family is ready for a two decade commitment when it comes to surprise puppies! 
cute :3
If you reverse the gif it could be titled "Surprise peasant" .
This should be the opening scene in the next toy story movie 
That dog is terrified.
Barking puppy all night. 
Who wants to have a child with me so we can share a moment like this in 10 years?
Puppers so cute!
Awwww.  Totally beautiful
You can see how much she instantly loves it!  How precious...
This is how the new live action toy story starts

Edit- forgot a word
more god moments are needed in this year like this,  please lets end this year on a good note... 
Give me that and no one gets hurtttyt

All in all, that's really nice!
Man, I just saw the interview of that Santa who had the kid die in his arms, and I felt pretty fucked up. This gif on the front page really did its job.
This is the best thing ever.
(crying) "But I wanted a brown dog, mommy."
I'm jealous :(
Count the days till she's tired of walking it.
Awwwwwwwwwww ðŸ˜¢ðŸ˜¢ðŸ˜¢ðŸ˜¢ðŸ˜¢ðŸ˜¢
And this is how Toy Story 4 begins...
This got to me (sniff) oh god that was incredibly sweet
I'm pretty sure that's a cockapoo. Makes me miss mine! Great companions and I want one again.
The puppy looks so confused being held by a crying child
Awesome!

Gotta a name yet? 
I showed this video to my wife and she made me watch it five times in a row. Way too cute.
She obviously hates it. Take it back
awww sooo cute
Post more stuff with just puppies. 
cute~
Lots of people cry when they see their new puppies.  Why?  Because they know they've just met their new best friend.  We know it too, which is why we cry along with them.
I thought this was r/wtf and I was waiting for the dog to freak out and bite her or something else horrible to happen. Happy it was r/aww!
But what type of dog is this?
This was good.. Reddit pulled through yet again.
RIP Plushie Pete
I was thinking of doing the same thing for music mom. It's really hard to find a decent plush white german shepherd.
*the way Crush says righteous but with the word precious*
Pupgrade.
I think it's safe to say this is the cutest shit I've ever seen.
This is the closest thing on this sub thats almost made me cry. Almost had me.
whatever those dogs are, they look like fried chicken and i like them
"Except... It's a terrible day for rain."
God damn that's adorable.
ooh boy, If I wasn't on antidepressants right now, would be in a *dark dark* place right now
Woah, this sparks so many feelings within myself. Adorable!
Stuff like this makes me know that I want to be a dad someday. Not now, but like you know when I grow up and have a wife 
This would be a good moment in a Toy Story sequel.
I read this as "surprise peasant" 
As the father of a two year old,  i can't wait to do shit like this
The puppy looks up at her like, who the fuck are you? 
Awwwww
Oh my god that little girl is too precious!  I got all misty eyed when she started crying ;_;
kinda feel bad for the dog.  he's like 'wtf?'
TIL people on Reddit cry a lot
I love the holidays! 
But what about the teddy bear? :(
This is me
Now she won't need to keep trying it out at bestbuy
Even I would cry if I were in her position. And I'm a grown man! 
So sweet!!! :)
The true face of surprise to pure unadulterated joy.
Okay. That's the cutest thing I have ever seen. 
Thanks to Pixar people sad for the toy...
What a cute girl and puppy
She's got the real one, Awww.
Damnit the stuffy seemed like it would have been good enough!
Very nice :)
The inverse: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l7op92W7voE
Gonna have to stay in the work bathroom for 5 more minutes, got something in my eye.
i love the 1 second moment of realization that her new friend is in fact real and not another stuffed animal. 
Lucky dog ðŸ˜Š
I would die
That's not a nice way to tell her she wasn't getting a cat.
Is there a video to this
I always have dry eyes when I wake up. Thanks for for this mornings cure.
That might be the most adorable thing I've ever seen
Ohh 1st one was nice but this swan is so odd 
The waterworks are god damn adorable. Misty over here inside my glasses but it's weather related I think.
I feel bad for the stuffed animal
Did you see that first eye to eye look? BFF'S forever.
Beautiful expression. The joy in her face was just priceless.
oh a new doll, wait did it blink?
Why hasn't this been reversed yet?
Beautiful 
One day this will happen for me :(
Who the fuck is cutting up onions in the office?!??! GTFO whoever you are!
http://youtu.be/AK3PWHxoT_E
(Immediately squeezes it like her stuff animal)

That was the worst Christmas she's ever experienced...
Joy, what joy!
Just gonna live vicariously through this little girl 
I didn't realize I was a real dog it first.
Thanks for making me cry at work.
If you stop halfway, it looked as if the girl was going to keep widening her mouth, unhinge her jaw then eat the puppy.

Maybe it was just me.
awwwwwwwwwww a laborduddle
After spending far too much time on /r/politics, this is an amazing breath of fresh air.
She is clearly mouthing "my bear" and is devastated it was taken away.
not gonna lie I teared up a bit when I saw this
[deleted]
DDDAAAWWWWHHHHHH
I'm not crying. You're crying!
How quickly the Teddy Bear is forgotten.  ;)
damn ninjas cutting onions again
Makes my heart sing.

Thank you.
