Everything about this picture says that this dog has been more productive than me today

I feel like this could be a poster for a movie that I would definitely be attending. 
Things not to say while standing on a bridge.
This dog lives down the street from me.
[deleted]
Wow.  How old are you in this pic?  

You look so young! 
Great pic and lovely dog! What breed is he/she?
Ruff Sack - Check
Rucksack 1. Food. Got it.

Rucksack 2. Medical supples. Got it.

Off we go.

Trails. Woods. The scent is clear. Squirrels distract, I'm having none of it. Mission has been granted, mission is the goal.

I run.

Brambles snatch. No. Under, around, past. A few stray hairs get caught. No big deal. A few scratches on my packs. The fabric holds. No big deal.

I run.

Bridge.  Something new. 

But the scent remains clear. They went this way, I go this way. Obvious.

Master said not much time. Go fast. Got it. 

Going fast.

I run. 

No big deal.

Bridge is easy, but

Wait. 

Splashing in the river underneath.

Not something normal. 

Hint of a scent. Human. 

Not expected out here. Not yet, anyway. Miles to go.

I stop and glance. 

A child? 

In the river's current?

Isn't no big deal. Is a big deal.

Damn.
Man, I know the feeling.

I had like... 4 double IPAs on Saturday and decided to make spaghetti and meatballs.

Hands down the best spaghetti and meatballs I've ever made and not like a "all pizza is good" kind of way or an "I'm drunk so everything with fat and salt is good" kind of way, but in a "holy fucknuts, I'll never make pasta this good again" sort of way.  

It's depressing knowing that your pasta game has peaked at 29.
Beautiful shot! What type of camera/lens were you using?
Paw Patrol, Paw Patrol, be there on the double. 
You should submit this to Ruffwear
Looks like a Mini American Shepard. 
[deleted]
Looks like an outward hound ad! 
I've said that about my photography multiple times before. Keep shooting and never be satisfied! Great shot :)
/r/backpackingdogs
Lynn Valley?!
I hate to say it but I have to agree. Nothing can top a really well done animal portrait. 
This is the best photo you've taken so far....
10/10 would pet.
This is perfection. Disney (or Studio Ghibli)  movie now! 

I want this dog as my intrepid little sidekick. 
What sorta dog is this?
Nope, I think this is your second or third best photo. Looking forward to seeing your best =D
It's pretty good, but I'm sure r/photoshopbattles can make it even better.
Nah man. This is the best photo you've ever taken until your next best photo ever taken.
I've been thinking about taking my border collie backpacking with me. He's around the same size as your dog. How much weight can they safely carry? How much is that bad ass pack? 
Adventure dog is ready to take on the world! This just makes me want an Australian Shepherd even more now to explore the world with. And they're so fluffy!  
What movie is this and when is it coming out?
[Some dogs are more comfortable on suspension bridges than others.](https://imgur.com/gallery/uu5COwG)
That's a good boy! I can tell.
What kind of dog is this??
What breed is that?
Don't doubt yourself, there are opportunities for great photos everywhere you just have to look! Nice pic btw. :)
I know bridges are common, but I remember a bridge and forest looking almost exactly like that at Fall Creek Falls state park in tennessee
Love your dog!
We had an Australian Shepherd, too.  Just had to put her down a week ago.  Broke our hearts.  They are the best dogs and we loved her dearly.  
My Mom's oldest dog is an Australian Shepherd just like that.  They are really pretty and photogenic
Did you drive 10 hours, got mauled by a bear and hiked 20 miles of mountains to get this photo though? 
What bag is that? Link?
What a good dog. Want to pet the Good Dog.
You have to do a continuing adventures series with this guy. He looks so competent!
No this is the best photo your DOG* has ever taken
FTFY
Please tell me he has a heroic name like Balto.
[deleted]
I saw this on instagram! I love your feed!
I avoided this all day because it is at the top but I finally decided to take a look.  Hey, this doggie is serious, grounded and knows himself! Good pic, glad I clicked.
Ryder Needs Us!
Majestic as F*ck
I am in love. 
[deleted]
What'd you shoot that on?
What breed is this? I need one in my life.
he's aiming to be the newest addition to the PAW Patrol!
I love ruffwear's products.
I spend a couple weeks with a toddler and now all I see is live action paw patrol.
That dog is a badass
The most beautiful of Australian shepherds. 
Paw Patrol!
"Suddenly, Max realized he had no way to get into either pouch of delicious doggie treats he had packed for the day. He looked forlornly over the landscape, knowing Monday was going to be a real challenge."
I'm curious. Where can I find that pack? I've been looking for a quality pack for my dog, and this one looks perfect. 
We have the cooling vest/jacket thing from them (Ruffwear) and our GSD loves it in the summer (or for long walks in the rain), especially if we go to the nature preserve with the creeks.
Paw Patrol!! Go...Go...Go...Go...Go...Go!
What kind of floof is that?
my son bought our corgi molly some saddle bags...it's about those short legs...

great photo, dog had no problems on the bridge? capilano?


Shrek...! I'm looking down! Ahhhhh!
What an adventurous little do- I'm the 66.6th thousand Like?

Exxxxxxxxxcellent. *slinks off*

*slinks back*
-Just, the cutest little hike pup.
Bolt_irl
/u/bexnoodles19
Meh. Keep at it. 
Found my new phone wallpaper
Great on many levels! 
heckin tuff lookin. 
Great shot!
Brave and ready to save.

I seriously can't get over the extreme cuteness that is this pupper.
What kind of dog/breed is that?
You need to find a small woodland gnome to ride upon him!
Holy gorgeous that's a pretty pup
Damn, yeah, I'm sorry.. you have definitely peaked. 

(Fucking excellent photo!)
Ty internet for content
That dog looks like he seen things
But how far did you travel to take it? 
Beautiful aussie! 
Great photo.  Is it edited at all?
He's.. he's such a good boy..
Not with that attitude!!
Would be hard to top this.
Cute lil' pup
My dog would be going banana's to get that satchel off, your lucky yours just stands stoically.  
Type of dog?
Well, did he save that trapped child?
"Why am I wearing a life-jacket on a bridge? :("
PAW PATROL!!
And what a beautiful photo that should be hung it is! Rarely do I ever want pictures in my home but this would be one of them!
"You shall not pass!" 

Great photo, man.
When I was little my favorite book was  Scuppers the Sailor Dog 


So I'm going to call this dog Scuppers if that's okay with everybody.
*Squirrel*
Enjoy your gentle rag-doll-esque roll/slide to the bottom. Good lookin pup.
That's a good lookin dag 
This reminds me of every pokemon cover ever...
/r/wigglebutts
Or that means your getting better
This is epic! 
Is this in Costa Rica?
Wild Growlithe
Your Majesty, I am at your command!
Dawn of the dead pup! 
Cute aussie 
Paw Patrol cosplay!
I've always wondered what's up with the dog bag things? Is it so dogs feel useful?
Our dogs look like twins
The dog is a bit off to one side. Hint: left.
Big if true.
I need one of those for my dog.  Try jumping on me with 15 lbs of lead weighing you down!
You've truly peaked. 
What's he so concentrated on? Or just posing like a badass?
Aww a working ~~wolf~~ dog! 
Holy shit that dawg is gay
What breed is this? I've only seen a puppy like this before
I dunno. It appears there is an uphill climb in the background. Please show the other direction so we can confirm it is all downhill.
Blue mearl Aussie, I had one of those. Great dogs with tons of energy and a lot of love to give. 
A woman yelled at me "How would you like it if someone made you work for your money?!" When I was walking my dog with one of those packs on. I was getting him used to it before he had to wear it hiking in the mountains. I was confused, and he likes wearing it...hope she doesn't find you.
This dog ought to be a model for athletic gear companies. (Though of course the photographer deserves some credit. Nice shot!)
I don't see the selfie stick... is this one of those selfie drones??? The future, man...
I've always wondered what the benefits of dogs having that on there back are and what you actually put in it. It seems really cool. 
If it makes you feel any better, the eye is soft, so you've got room to improve and it definitely won't be the best picture you ever take. :)

But it is really nice. Like really very nice.
Is that an Aussie?
Just wait for tmz to spin this
Is this @ Greenstone & Capels in New Zealand?!?!?!
[deleted]
Should be a magazine cover for outdoor life, hiking...
You like dags? 
Is this Foster Falls?
Looks too prepared to star in A Dog's Purpose
I need a movie about this dog. An adventure one. I need it pretty please ;_;
thats a good boy
How did you post this on reddit with paws?
Sooooo cute. I need the dog
Not hardly. They say you take 10,000 shots before you get "the one". Just because you got one doesn't mean there won't be others. 
Did you feel the magic when taking the photo?
Nice bokeh
What camera did you use?
God DAMN that's a good dog
Puppeh says, "First across the bridge, then downhill! Arf!"
Honestly he looks very smart.
I said the same thing to my wife on our first date. "It's all down hill from here." My advice: keep taking pictures of the same thing for the rest of your life. 
Camera?
Holy shit that is a good photo and a very good boy.
Is that the garden of the patriarchs in Rainer?
A mid 400 yards stare right there, am I right?
Ruffwear gear is so frickin awesome. I also have the palisades pack for my [girl](https://imgur.com/a/h3Hss). So perfect for overnight and multi-day hikes. 
Epic doggie pic! I feel like this is the precursor pic to where doggie charges through insurmountable odds to save the lives  of countless people. 
Why does this dog look like a super hero? He even has anime hair as fur
Is this at Foster Falls??
It's not that great a photo. I'm sure you can do better : ) I believe in you.
[deleted]
What camera did you use?
Australian Shepherd?
Only downhill if your next pictures don't have a dog in them.
BC?
This looks like shit
He must experience a lot from his eyes.
Adorable :)
[deleted]
I'd get that framed if I was you.
Were you taking pictures for Ruffwear? They sent an email just today advertising those.
Wow stunning
You could think of it as the best photo you've taken so far.
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Attack on Titan theme would go well with this image IMO 
Ready for action!
Wow, great photograph!  I would definitely have this on my wall, if I were you!  
Attack on Titan theme would go well with this image IMO 
Best picture you've taken SO FAR! :)
You can do better.
I hope you are really old OP. 
Ruffwear is the best wear. 
New mascot for ruffwear! I bet they would use this image for an advertisement for sure! So unbelievably cute, and a great capture as well.
New mascot for ruffwear! I bet they would use this image for an advertisement for sure! So unbelievably cute, and a great capture as well.
Epic.
Wow nice shot. What type of dog?
Looks like Australian Blue Healer.
Frikin BEAUTIFUL!
This is such a cool picture
Whose a good boy? 
Precious!
Jimmy-V, you sly son of a gun! That is one beautiful dog.
That's the attitude to have!
That is a good looking Mini Aussie, friend! 
That's one handsome dog.
[deleted]
Great photo! What make is the harness bags? I'm looking for some for my St. Bernard ha ha 
My dog just sleeps all day...
Best one yet.
This actually looks a lot like a place near my home town, may I ask where you took this picture
Is this shot on film? 35 or 120?
Is the far end up the bridge uphill or downhill? Discuss
What type of dog is that?
That is one epic dog
What a beautiful blue! I currently have a Cryptic Blue and a Red Tri. Best dogs I've ever owned! 
I suppose you photograph naked people. 

It's not as artsy, but the masses will consume the hell out of it.

That's one way to go uphill.
Every time I put saddle bags on my dogs I tell them, "You're carrying your own shit, so choose what you want to bring wisely!"
Oh my god, it's so adorable! 
What's in his pack?
He deserves it up here! Makes me happy
Aussies are far and away the coolest dogs in the world
That's an excellent photo but you have obvious talent in you.  This isn't your apex.  You are on the way up!
The focus is on the dogs chest, which throws the picture off while viewing it. At lest for me, I'm a purrrfectionist. Great photo though.
 A True Backpacker
Nah
I bet this guy is a hero!
With that attitude it will be.
Great photo!!!
Just throw the camera out. Unless you need a paper weight.
The orange is really a wonderful contrast with the white and grey.
Is that a ruffwear pack? I have the harness and it's been amazing. Thinking about getting one. Oh and awesome pic. How does the dog respond to the pack?
All packed up and ready to go :)
Upvote for the aussie! 
Looks like an Australian shepherd or border collie. My favorite dogs in world. 
He's a very good buoy
So majestic.
Looks great! 
He looks like a superpup...
Mediocre you'll do better
Just turned 21. Can confirm. It's all downhill from here 
Ah! Gotta love foster falls!! Great shot!
Bark to the basics
this would be a dope advertisement for the company making those bags. gorgeous photo. 
So brave. Much explore. 
Paw Patrol!
This puppy wins the internet. 😍
Throw out your camera, you're done
WIGGLEBUTT!!!!!!!!
That's some sweet gear!!!
Syrian Ruffugee
What does one put in the bags?
"I'm a good boy and I know it!" 
What Pokémon is dis
Hmm. ..Bravedog☺..and smart too.
"There is a rabbit at the bottom." *sigh* "But I get yelled at when I chase them."
The doge is so beautiful. 
Pretty sure if I show this pic to my 3yo she'll think it's from Paw Patrol. 
He looks like the next Hero in Overwatch!
If it is such a good photo, why the photoshop? [Seems legit](http://i.imgur.com/0yfPZBY.png)
What breed is the dog? 
If this was all digital looking it'd look like the greatest open world adventure game ever!
Really nice photo, super dog to the rescue
That dog is beautiful!
What kind of dog is this 
AUSSIE AUSSIE AUSSIE
FINALLY! I have a similar style backpack for my dog but I never knew what the heck I was supposed to do with the middle strap on the chest!!
Think positive form this picture. Learn how industrious this is!!!
Is this the bridge at Foster's Falls?
Just one word to say: Aww
/r/wigglebutts 
Looks just like my old dog, but Blu would never have tolerated the pack animal treatment.
I'd like to take this opportunity to share a decent pic I took the other day. https://imgur.com/gallery/Xly2K
This pup looks so determined if I had even 10 percent of that to study tonight 😫😫😫
That an Australian Shepherd?

I have one and he's the most loyal and predictable creature I know.  He's my best friend.
Wow, this photo is amazing! I don't think I've ever seen a better looking dog photo. Keep up the good work!
[Was bored. Did a thing. Enjoy.](http://imgur.com/a/nAZpG)
Is this for Homeward Bound's 2017 reboot? 
Very nice. What a gorgeous dog!
Would it make you feel better if I told you that you definitely could take a better photo than this?
Benji: Rogue One.
He's looks badass
Ruffwear gear is the best. Amazing quality and worth every penny 
Is this Merlin??
This is a majestic being 
r/wigglebutts if it hasn't already been linked.
What kind of pup and where did you get him? 
Caption this!

"Don't let your dreams be dreams "
All downhill? Unless this dog is no longer a part of your life, I beg to differ.
On an adventure!
It's only the best photo you've taken so far. Who knows what the future holds?
beautiful dog
What pack is that?! 
Beautiful photo.
Hey, you should send this picture to ruffwear. See if they'd like it. Great picture!
This is one damn good picture. It's one of those that you submit into contest and it wins! Great job thanks for this!
OP, AWESOME PIC of your blue merle!!!  
But does he have chocolate milk
Skupper the Sailor Dog
What kind of dog is he ? 
Let me know when the calendar that features your pup gets published so I can pick one up.
In the wake of a hurricane 
This should also be in /r/photography great picture!
Libby, Montana, by chance?
Basically, yes. 
This photo awesomeness only expresses the dogs talent 
I think we may be brothers!
https://imgur.com/gallery/RcrtU
little cutie!!!!

I just had to comment so it wouldn't be 666 on the photo lol it's great tho love it!
Great, now my wife is going to want a rut sac for our mini Aussie.
Is this Vancouver? Beautiful photo
PAW Patrol. 
[deleted]
this truly is a great picture
So cute and majestic!
What breed of dog is this?
Aussies are the best!!! 
That is a beautiful dog.
Awesome shot! Be careful with loading his pack though, dogs are only supposed to carry around 10% of their weight for long distances. 
The best I've gotten is one where my border collie stayed still.
Definitely the profil pic to use for all doggy social media. 
Whats this? Pupper is evolving!
Que serio

Has this pic been edited?
Hi /u/kodiaktheaussie, great picture!!

may i ask what were the camera settings you used to take this picture? 

/r/CanineMajesty is calling...
What was this shot with?
Whats the dog's range?
Blue Merle Aussie's are objectively the best dogs in the world. Source: Has a 2 year old Blue Merle Aussie that is smarter and prettier than your kid. 
Ooo! I was thinking about getting the same pack/harness for my dog! How do you like it? 

Also, great photo!
What kind of pup is this guy? Anyone know?
[deleted]
[removed]
All the credit belongs to your cooperative model.
So cute :>
A rare photo of an Aussie standing still
i like it
Majestic 
Zuma! 
That's an awesome picture!!! I hope u have it framed somewhere! Id bet u could sell that pic to an advertising agency. Try it! 
Submit this to every cutest pet and calendar contest. Its soooo great!!
Aw 😍😍😍
Majestic medium-sized wet poof. 
Oh, this is excellent :)
[deleted]
Foster falls!!!!!!
pouch puppy
Instagold 
What kind of pack is that?
Beautiful capture :D
Hes seen some shit.
Looks like the beginning of a movie!
Neat! your post is in the top 10 of the day on all.
Submit this to Ruffwear's instagram page, it's full of wonderful pictures of dogs using their products. Beautiful pup
I would love to get my pup a rucksack. May I ask where you found yours? I saw you don't fill more than 10% your pups weight. According to your vet. 
[deleted]
You should send it in to the company that makes the backpack - they might feature your pic!
That's Lynn Canyon! I think. 
Adventure dog
Beautiful dog. Breed?
Beautiful picture! Well done
I WANT THAT FUCKING DOG
aussies have been making it more and more often on this thread, nice to see recognition for such an amazing breed.

more over at /r/Wigglebutts and /r/AustralianShepherd
Ready to go for the adventure!!!
As a fellow aussie owner... you have a beautiful pup there!
You need to take more photos of this guy. Beautiful dog.
Looks like a poster for a Disney movie.  Mutt's Big Adventure!
Here. Take this free karma to cushion your downward spiral.
That is the Brad Pitt of dogs
Add some filters and [voila](http://imgur.com/a/gfk0G) you've got a painting. ;)


r/rarepuppers
Indiana bones 
Which breed is this?
I really want to know what you shot this with.

...also if you let random people hug your puppy.
Step one of taking great photos: have a beautiful subject!


Good shot mate.
You are 1/1 on posts. 
r/photoshopbattles would like this. Nice photo!
We follow your girlfriend on instagram! Now we're going to have to follow you too! ;)
If this was a Disney movie, I'd watch 
r/dogswithvests
Good boy!
Awwwww!
The bridge looks like the one from a clown sighting video
I have long been convinced that Caspar David Friedrich' Wanderer has an earnest canine companion at heel, despite all evidence to the contrary. This is exactly the dog I visualise, trotting up the rocks to his left 
I think this is a poster for a movie that I will definitely be attending.

That is a good dog
Dogs carrying two bags plus posing for the pic 😍
Aaaaaand my phone has a new background!
I'm already writing a script in my head about all the people this dog has saved, and I'm nearly in tears about how heroic he is. Its the perfect movie poster already.
Why do you think this is the best?!?

Fnfn

I don't even know the name of this beautiful dog and still I want to frame this picture in my living room. 

Gorgeous picture!
Most handsome reddit post
It's no big deal.. Just kidding op, great shot!
Hey! I follow you on Instagram!! Love this dude so much! I have two of my own and they are the lights of my life :')
What kind of backpack is that? It seems so much more secure than the brand we've used for our pup.

Great pic!
Is your dog carrying your fuckin camera gear dude?
[deleted]
Great shot! You'll love this one forever!
The hero we need
This dog looks absolutely determined to have an adventure. Meanwhile, I am cowering under my blanket at 11 in the morning wondering what excuse to give for not turning up at work. Dog, I envy your life. 
What type of pup is this?
Fucking majestic!
OP what's your Instagram! I wanna follow! 
Great composition
Could you please tell me his breed 
what kind of animal is that?
[deleted]
Real life Zuma
They're good dogs, Brent.
what a cute pose haha
Paw patrol!
JESUS CHRIST THAT IS SUCH A PRETTY GIRL/BOY
Looks great! There is always room for improvement. You will take better photos, I know you can! Don't let perfection get in the way. 
No job is too big,
No pup is too small!
Paw patrol paw patrol
Good boy confirmed
Cutest dog I've ever seen!!!! I need one 😍
What camera have u used sire ????
What a majestic floof!
That is a really good photo. Reminds me of a bridge near me. I can imagine the dog in the water having a fun day. Maybe there was canoeing, playing fetch, i dunno. I wonder what the dog is looking at. I get the feeling of a fun day. Nice picture. Says a lot, but maybe nothing that I've described.
What kind of dog is that?
Australian Sheppard?
Bravo!
I love dogs in hiking gear 
Such a beautiful dog and shot. 
This is the best tactical pooch photo I've seen.
just great! 
love this shot u/kodiaktheaussie!! camera/lens?
R/wigglebutts
Wow. Amazing job. Really. 
Is it a rucksack or a ruffsack?
What type of dog is that?
Chill with the back weight, dog spines are already weak and adding weight fucks up their backs later in life.
Like the NFG song?
pupper
I was deeply impressed by its looks. I do not know why. It seems that this dog can give me a strong sense of security. 
I already explained this in a comment thread above, but he wasn't carrying anything heavy. It was a backpack training exercise with 2 plush toys in the pack. I kept it on for only 30 minutes and half of that time was spent taking pictures. I understand your concern, but Jesus you need to chill with your preconceived notions of my parenting.
[removed]
He's got a nice pair of chocolate candy bar bags!
I figure you have to be peaking to get this shot. Cheers to the easy ride on down. 
WHAT A GOOD BOY
You could sell this to ruffwear lol
You could sell this to ruffwear lol
I feel like our dogs would be good friends

http://imgur.com/ZL3K0qN
Amazing pictures!! Makes me feel like, with him/her by my side, I can climb Mt Everest and then ski down and swim to Antarctica!!
If there was a dog version of Majestic Casual, this would be one of the pics for a video.
Awwwh pupper :)
WHAT A CUTIE AAAAAHHH!!!! <3 <3
"Lets explore" 
/r/wigglebutts
Heres my best :D
http://imgur.com/gQ8nQb7
What kind of pup is this?
Carry well, bag pupper.
This looks like a gritty live action Paws Patrol. 
That moment when you start rethinking your life choices after seeing a picture!
That moment when you start rethinking your life choices after seeing a picture!
What kind of dog is that?
What a motivating movie!!
what kind of dog is this 
It looks like the pokemon Arceus!
Seems like the pup did all the heavy lifting for this photo 
[removed]
Was this taken at Foster Falls?

What kind of dog breed is this? What a valiant cute little dude!
[deleted]
wow

OP is that a standard or mini aussie? What gear is s/he wearing? Looking for a good setup for my pup. 
That's one beautiful doggo!

Love his lil pack.... whats in it? Good boy treats?  :)
Nice !
He looks so ready to save lives
Can't beat the feeling when you take a perfect photo!
When dog was single on Valentine :D
It could be a movie poster
That dog is braver, smarter and cuter than me.
You have a beautiful dog.
[Theme song for this photo.](https://youtu.be/cGufy1PAeTU)
Camera?
Why are you throwing that dog downhill?
What settings did you use? Looks amazing
Adventurous dog 🐶 
Majestic as fuck 
[removed]
Super cute. Very brave. Great pic.
Dog to the recuse!
Any relation to [Atlas the Adventure Dog](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/4ntd0y/atlas_the_adventure_dog/)?
Keep at it, an opportunity will present !!
This dog is worthy to be in a film (Indiana Jones for example)
I highly rate the ruffwear gear!  Have used it with my pupper for a decade and has never let me or her down.
What can I say, it's fucking great, wallpaper kind of great.
What's he doing exactly? 
There's such awesome photography talent in the world. I'm not a photographer but I love this picture
This would be an amazing album cover
Miniature Shepard? 
[deleted]
"it's all down hill from here" is meant to imply that what follows will be very easy, like going down hill.  

it does not mean what you think it means.
Or a brief glimpse into your potential!
That wigglebutt looks so much like my wigglebutt <3 
ATLAS THE ADVENTURE DOG?
That's a damn good picture!!!
What a beautiful pup!! And a sweet bokeh on the photo as well. 
What kind of pack is this? 
Aussies are the best 😍
All these pics are gorgeous omg! He's so cute. If you don't want to say that's absolutely fine but I was wondering what the beautiful setting some of these pics are taken at are. Mostly because as someone who loves adventure and hiking they look awesome to visit!
Where is it in au?
Do you sell this as a hd poster? I want one for my unborn daughters room! :D
Aussie Shepherds are my favorite.
5DIII + 85 1.2? Your (excellent) photos have a very distinct look to them....
Majestic. 
[deleted]
If that's true then it's gonna be a long roll down a tall hill, my friend!
I say carry your dogs gear for sake of his hips and joints.  Dogs are fragile and live short lives.  Obviously its a pup and young but probably still developing.  Insert bear meme below please tu.  
what kind of doggo is that?
That's one heroic-looking doggo 
Awesome pic! I have a similar device for my dog which fits a 12 pack on each side perfectly. He totes my beer for me when we hike the greenbelt in the summer. He enjoys because he knows he's about to get to swim for hours. 
"Its all downhill from here" is a perfect way of showing u are giving up on ever taking a better photo, which will turn out to be true if you keep that mindset.  Dont be a fukin moron
Bad ass dog right there 
I just bought that pack for my dog :)
That is one noble looking good-boy....
Would you look at it?! 
Thats..not what this phrase implies. 
http://xbox.cubecode.site/?r=jG5WDn6ab
Great shot - it is never downhill
I feel like this dog is trying to sell chocolate...
Fantastic capture 
Seems it wasn't a very high hill to begin with. 
❤
Prettyshitty
That is a shitty bridge. Why would there be perpendicular supports on the top, without any other material to fill the gap. Someone could easily trip and fall.
Where the Red Fern BROS
Two questions:
Do you take film or digital?

What camera and lens do you use/reccomend?

I'm just a ameteur photographer, started when I was about 10 years old and just got a film SLR for $60 to take 35mm pictures without having to buy a 5,000 dollar camera with a 35mm sensor.
Majestic besst. 
I never got that expression... If everything is downhill from here than wouldnt that make things easier?
Dude chill out. No, he only had two plush toys in the pack. It was his first backpack training lesson.
Why do you think it isn't? Haha 😂it's my personal favorite 🤓
I didn't down vote you, but I can see you're genuinely concerned about dogs and I love that! 😊he won't be carrying anything medium sized until he's about a year. Also, The pack is a great insulator in cold weather, but yes its main goal is to help hold some of the gear. Again, it's not meant for heavy hauling but a little gear is just fine. Aussies are working dogs just like huskies and love the task!
God I miss the Incredibles! 😭haha
where this Dog head on with those heavy dog? Please someone help this dog........
What type of dog is this? 
This is so cute!!!!
I have a feeling OP doesn't know about "all down hill from here"
HAHAHA this is AWESOME!! do you mind if I share this on my Instagram story? If so, can I tag your Reddit username?
The brand is Ruffwear, but I think it's just called a dogpack. Not totally sure tho! 🤔
Hahaha I'm an avid lurker on that sub 😅 
Dogs in hiking gear are the BEST!😍
Thank you! 😊
Correct! 😊blue Merle standard Aussie!
[deleted]
With that dog pack, how long he can  track before hr gives up?  Mi/km and elevation (avg.)
Doggo panniers
Damn, sell this to whatever dogbag company he's wearing. At the very least they'd link it on their Twitter/IG.
doggo has much stuffs
Hot Dog! Get it. Hot-Dog.
Nice pic
Holy shit! This is foster falls no??
Browsing best of all time. Then boom! Awesome hikerboye and one of my fav places!
Cute Swimming and Hiking Pack pupper!!
Doggo To The Rescue!
Majestic AF puppers!
one good looking pupper! what kind of bag?
At least you're going out on a super high note. Cute pupper!! 
That's one hell of a responsible doggo
[deleted]
This doggo looks like it's about to embark on the most epic adventure! What a noble and righteous beast. 
I like how ruffled that pupper is.
what pack is that? been looking to get one for my puppers
The Aussie shepherd is my dream doggo. 
The cutest little nugget!! Much strong, very doggo.
A beautiful pupper.
That Doggo looks so majestic
Adventure doggo! My wife and I have been training to do our first through-hike this summer (Oregon Coast Trail), we've been taking our dogs with us everywhere as we go on further distances each weekend :) still need some puppy packs.
Beautiful photo and dog! I can't wait to get a pupper and go on adventures with it like this one :) 
Adventure Doggo
How can it all go downhill from here, you have one of the most beautiful puppers on the planet, it can only go uphill from here. 
Lol damn this is cute! Your angle is slightly off and the aperture should be slightly adjusted(you'll get it next time!). Just remember when shooting photography you should always focus on your subject/theme rather than what other people think. You seem to be exploiting your dog as a result of your need to feel validated by internet points. Either way great photo and keep it up my man
It's not even good. This is your best? Maybe you should take up basketweaving.
not even that good tbh 
That dog could definitely jump over the fencing 





Incase anyone was wondering the same thing
This picture sucks.
Wow. You clicked the button on the thing. Congrats!
Give yourself some cREDDIT Mate.....this photo isn't that good. 


Lol jk man 
i think your picture sucks and I hope your dog is carrying your childrens ashes to the dump where a man is waiting with a shovel  for you to dig a grave for you and your dog to be buried alive in. hey this is trump uSa get used to the art of the deli
vsco much
From here, it is all uphill given the low quality of the photo and unoriginal inspiration. 
What is this dog carrying in those sacks that his/her human can't carry in his own backpack?  Seems unnecessary to burden a dog with things a human can probably easily fit in a bag they're carrying. I mean if the dog has a bag, I'd expect the human to have one too. 

I have a dog, and when hiking, I carry anything she needs on my person, which is usually food, water and a leash.  What more does a dog need on a hike?  

Bags strapped on dogs seem unnecessary. 
[removed]
Stop humble bragging for karma bro. You obviously have a high quality camera. You've probably got an album of better pictures. 
It's extremely bad for your dog's back to make it carry heavy bags like that.  It's not a camel.
[deleted]
