http://i.imgur.com/iSnp99o.gifv
Thats an ominous approach
That dog has very human-like eyes
He walks like he is breaking in a new set of legs.
His eyes are telling me that I'm going to die
tomorrow on /r/gifs

"Dalmatian stalks and brutally attacks owner"
he would make a lovely coat.. do you have 100 more?
jasper is a great dog name
The only two Dalmations I've met irl were super protective and growled at anyone or anything that they came within 100 feet of their owner. Is this normal for the breed?
I used to have a dog that hated smooth flooring.  She walked like this too.  I hope it's not the same, this little beast looks like it has too much mischief in it's eyes. 
^^omg

^^it's ^^so ^^cute
"Look at the ball... thaaat's right, it's got green... and blue; it's round... keep looking... ATTACK!"
What in Dalmatian
PRETENDING TO THROW THE BALL IN FETCH IS JUST A CHEAP TRICK TO MAKE WEAK HUMANS STRONGER!
That dog's eyes are eerily human.
"Dalmatian owner found dead, brutally mauled in apartment with a tennis ball next to the body. Police suspect it was the cat."
Cute dog, but I genuinely got creeped out with that chill af walk. 
I am vaguely unnerved by this.
What a beautiful dog!
He's staring into my soul
Spots are just a cheap trick to make cute dogs cuter.
*proceeds to bark for 15 years nonstop until death*
Sometimes I forget dalmatians are real dogs and not just cartoons
SLOW

Dog at play.
Such pretty eyeliner.
Rip camera man
So cute. But I think he walks like that because his nails are too long and it's an issue on the hardwood floor.
Um...Is it only me that found the way the dog was walking creepy? It's like something straight out of a horror game.
Something something pink diamond
I had 2 Dalmatians. They were both the sweetest dogs I've owned but holy shit are they stubborn. Be ready to spend several hours daily exercising them
Jasper is kind of creepy
A few tentative steps before he trusts you.
This just reminded me that I haven't seen one of these in real life in years. They used to be super popular when the movies came out, now they're almost impossible to find. I visit Dalmatia frequently too, and I don't believe I've ever seen a single Dalmatian dog there, even though it's "their" breed.
"Oh yeah, drop the ball you say? Drop this mothafucka!"
https://i.imgur.com/7gKWI2z.gif
I can't decide if it's cute or absolutely terrifying
*Clever girl*
Black spots is just a cheap tactic to make weak cute stronger.
Can anyone add the 'Jaws' music to this?
r/nosleep
The cleverest little sneak attack. Confuses you with his slow walk, but you're still interested because he's so cute. Then he gets up close and you think *What's that? Your ball? Yeah, you want me to throw the ball?* And then you reach down for the ball and ***STRIKE***
This actually freaks me out. His eyes are too human like O.o
Somebody better boop that goddamn nose 
Look at him cat walking and showing off the ball.
The eyes!
r/creepy
Is this found footage? Was there only camera found and some bits of meat?
This puppy has definitely killed someone in a past life...
"Ok man, im gonna come close but if you fucking throw the ball again i swear to christ...."
I'm seeing lots of dalmatian stories here, many of them negative. I used to do dalmatian rescue and have helped to rehome several dogs. There are lots of problems with poor breeding, which causes behavior and health problems, but the same can be said for many species, including humans. When bred correctly, dals are intelligent, loyal, and enjoy being with their people. However, they can be high strung with a lot of energy, nervous, fearful of strangers, and just plain squirrely. Because of this, they are not for everyone. I decided to keep a rescue I was fostering, who wound up in the rescue because his owners left him tied up and some event unattended, he got excited and nipped a kid. Being put in the rescue without a stable home made the problem worse. I have seen this behavior in him first hand and it seems to be largely fear driven. After a year or two of a stable home life he has improved significantly. I am still very careful with him, but he has grown to trust most strangers and within a few seconds of meeting someone new, he wants to be in their lap. They can be great dogs if you're willing to put in the time to educate yourself and get one from a reputable breeder or from a rescue. 
Anyone else think his eyes were unsettling ??
this better not awaken something in me..
Jeez this was kind of /r/creepy
You're too close, man
Sneaky little fellow.
Those large paws 🐾
For every post that makes me lose hope in humanity there is a post that makes me gain hope in a dog's ability to save us.

This is one of those examples.
that is the cutest prowl i've seen. and the pup walks like his/her legs are too long. eeep. how adorable!
was he named after Jasper from 101 Dalmations?
I died 
Jasper the cat
Doot doot
Creepiest eyes ever wtf. 
Did he just come back from taking a massive poo?
By day, she is a cute Dalmation...

...but at night, she becomes a Corrupted Gem.
I hugged the monitor. He is so cute.
Thats an adorable Dalmation. And makes me want one soo bad. Theres a lot of negatives being mentioned here about Dalmations. I have had 4 in my life and not one was agressive or awful like the ones i read about here. I think alot of problems stem from the fact of their exsplosive popularity in the 90s which made them be bought by too many inexperienced owners. Also they suffer many health issues do to improper breeding. They need room to run, second only to maybe a greyhound. And they can be stubborn. Id have one now if I had the yard space. But I got a Boston instead and he fills in my black and white needs.lol. Dalmations are wonderful dogs, but they need proper training and lots of excersise. Just my 2 cents.
This could be straight out of a horror movie if you make it black and white and give it a few video glitches/distortion or something. Weird creepy twitching would really give it that final touch to make it go from aww to NOPE.
Why is your house so clean? 
/u/bexnoodles19
Silent but deadly 
My favorite doggo video of 2017.
Why don't we have more dalmations on Reddit?
Such a cute pup!!


Man I miss our childhood Dalmatian, Dottie. She was deaf, knew hand signals, could jump above our heads, and was very protective of us.



Sadly when she started to go blind she got pretty aggressive and her health deteriorated pretty quickly :(.  It was a sad day putting her down, but I always have a warm spot for Dalmatians.
Makes my heart melt (:
I want a doggy
C-can I have it?
tennis balls are just a cheap tactic to make weak doggos stronger
Best /r/aww I've ever seen.
That pup has very human-like eyes.
I always seem to forget that dalmatians are real until I see one again.
What a special guy.  I hope he gets all the love.
"Where are my testicles Summer?" 
"Slowly I turned... step by step... inch by inch..."
[What in Dalmation?!?](http://i.imgur.com/3Kp9WWI.jpg)
I actually died of aww overload before he even attacked. 
http://i.imgur.com/fFan0Lv.jpg
Where are the other 100?
If anyone still has the feature on the iPhone where you triple tap for negative image, do this. It looks like a horror film.
Paradogmal activity 
"Im just going to slowly bring this to you and then.... ATTACK!"
best looking Dalmation I've ever seen ... usually they're too skinny
Never knew I need a Dalmatian till now. Always thought corgis were the cutest 
Jasper, you a little creepy, bro. 
I don't practice Santeria
I ain't got no crystal ball
Well, I had a million dollars but I, I'd spend it all.
If I could find that Heina, and that Sancho that she's found.
Well, I'd pop a cap in Sancho and I'd slap her down.
ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ ゴ
Did the owner survive?

Is he named after one of the villains from 101 Dalmatians? 
Walks like an ATAT
Rich people dogs as are off putting as their children 

Laying in bed, it is pitch black and im staring this dog straight at its face and all i see is.... The Grudge. Sorry.
/r/creepy
This is the most adorable thing ive seen on this sub

There's something creepy about this dog. 
I really want a dalmatian. When i was growing up I had the movie on VHS and watched it so many times. 
r/peoplefuckingdying
That was like a horror movie at the end
Aaarg i want one sooooo bad!!!!!!
[deleted]
Believe it or not dalmations are one of the most aggressive dog breeds on the planet and bite more people every year than basically every other breed.
Thats a cute Jew
Always upvote cute puppers. 
What in Dalmatian??
A dog that actually gives you the ball? I call BS. CGI. Fake news.
A pretty pupper, but somehow that slow walk + stone still eyes combo got me spooked.
Sneaky lil doggo :D
He looks like the creepy girls in ghost horror movies 
The shake down and the end was a shock
My golden creeps around like that when she's trying to sneak up on the cat or do something she knows she's not supposed to like be under the table while we're eating. 
https://gifsound.com/?gifv=KpeIJP0&v=8MWpnGI6qxQ&s=31
This brings a whole new meaning to 101 Dalmatians 
He also doubles as furniture 
Sneak .... sneak ... sneak... JUMP!
Little stealthy legend. 
Adorable !!
*creeping forwards* This ball? It's mine. NOW PLAY!
S L O W B O Y E
Find another 100 and you'd be able to make a real nice coat.
7 days....
Ahh, the puppy teeth getting tangled in the tennis ball. Have fun stepping on those things in a few months.
Bruhhhh
it's official : best video on the net - 
Gout legs
"Slowly does it, slowly does it, now, assume pose... drop ball.... doggy eyes, ATTACK"
Thanks for my new nightmare
Jasper is a good boy. 
I just scrolled down to look at the comments and then went back up and it was at the point were the Dalmatian's eyes were right up close to the camera and then the dog pounces. I nearly had pooped myself
"It's cool man, everything is gonna be just fine. I'm just going to walk slowly towards you. I promise I'm not going to hurt you."
It's like a human in a dog form! Those eyes, that slow walk, that creepy stare D: 
Good boy!
Are we sure this should be on /r/awww? Cause I have never felt more terror.
So gentle, scary human eyes.
Did you steal Jasper from a fire station? Heck, I'd do it (and I'm a cat person). Jasper is so cute.
OMG! A serious cutie! He's just playin! 
blink twice if ded
Reminds me of the grudge. 
*clutches chest* My heart!
I must have him.
HUG ME!
Jasper is a cats name
I fell into those eyes and can't seem to get out..........
Like the dog version of the ring
This is like a horror movie. 
Ctrl+F "source" with no results.

See my username.
RIP Camera Guy
Dogs are the absolute best
Plot twist the dog is the actual killer 
What a beautiful animal! Soo cute too! :)
Japsor.
/r/oddlyterrifying
OMG I want him he is so cute!
/r/jumpscaregifs

When I was kid I had a dalmation-pit mix. Wish I had pics of him. His name was Barf. Yes, Barf... just like Spaceballs. His markings were so cool. White with big black spots and peppered with dalmation markings, half of his face was black.

He hated my parents. When my parents would try to wake me up for school Barf would lose his shit and angrily growl and try to bite them when they opened the door. It came down to them having to crack my bedroom door and squirt me with a water gun to get me out of bed. 

Even if they tried to feed him he would lose his shit and growl and attack them.

One day when I came home from school Barf was gone. I asked my mother's boyfriend where he was and he looked at the sky and said... "Thanks for not telling him, Gina" (my mother) and proceeded to tell me that they put him down because they couldn't handle him and he was very violent when I was not at the house, which is very true.

Later that day when my mom came home I ripped into her about killing my dog. She said... "It's o.k.... I had his skin saved and I'm having it mounted on the wall because I know you loved him."

WTF?!?!?

That never happened.

That was 34 years ago.

I miss you Barf. I really miss you.
a suspenseful soundtrack would work well with this
I half expected a human to come out of that dog as if it were a dog suit
If a dog walked up to me like that I'd square up, real talk.
I want a Dalmatian now.
Creepy AF
The White ears are a good indicator that the dog will go deaf later in life. 


Unfortunate. Cute pup though. 
"Doesn't notice me, doesn't notice me doesn't notice me.. I'll just drop the ball and pounce with licks!"
I want Jasper
I got a dalmatian, and I can still get high.
Dog probably - "Fuck, you're on camera, just be cool ... One more step, don't slip on the stupid wooden floor... That's it, just keep doing this... baby steps... you'll get there. Yeah, I'm there ... time to lose it."
Slow walks are just a cheap tactic to make cute dogs cuter.
I thought this was gonna be an odd future reference
Haha this dog is too cute 
He's beautiful and a little wicked lol👌🏻👏👍
Pulling up to this gif [like..](https://youtu.be/KcdQk7JBPzQ?t=53)
Wow those eyes
So what's the story here? Is their an original video? The way it's walking is creepy. The house is empty maybe they just moved in and the dog is getting used to the place? And I wanna know if the human survived.
that was actually pretty creepy...
If Gifs had sound, this one would be the Jaws theme.
He looks like he has mascara on
How old is he ?
Such an explosion of cuteness!!
Oh gosh, what about when you say is there anything else or something and they respond with oh well if you have the winning lottery numbers! Ah ha ha ha. No.
https://www.depop.com/timfor
This is the scariest thing I've ever seen.
That tackle at the end!
So sweet 
slow motion?
I like how he smiles at the end.
I've never considered wanting a Dalmatian, till now.
If the little fucker sat still I could have read his nose. 
He looks humanous in a weird way. 
It's like Paranormal activity.
I think you underestimate my sneakiness 
My name's Jasper! :D
Dat face awwwww
Why does this remind me of Goddess Bunny
Wtf
Look at those paws. He's gonna be a big boy!!! 
RIP Bill Paxton
Is he a model?
Every horror movie ever has something like that, monster chewing on something, you watch in horror as it notices you, and slowly walks towards you before POUNCING 
So many upvotes for this good boy!
I love his eyeliner!
Now I want a Dalmatian.
Jasper want throw but is wary of take 
Perfect 5/7 ending
NO TAKE! ONLY THROW! 
"Ok... 
I'm going to... 
Bring this ball... 
All I ask... 
Is that...
You throw it...
And then say I'm a good boy..."

"Aww what a good boy" 

"YOU WEREN'T SUPPOSED TO SAY THAT YET NOW LOOK WHAT YOU'VE DONE TO ME I MUST LICK YOU NOW".
oh my god.
Wait for it..... WAAAAIIITT FOR IIIIIT
r/gifsthatendtoosoon
I was thinking.... Damn this dog is cute 😍
Omg. Love.

Under the cover of darkness, I shall come and get Jasper and he shall be mine and I will love him and pet him and call him George. 
~~Adorable~~ Creepy as Hell Dalmation!

(Fixed that subheader for you.)
Jasper is actually a snow leopard stalking its prey
I felt like i was going to be attacked, and i was right!
Jasper is seductive and it's uncomfortable.
Did you draw eyebrows on her?
Those paws!!!!!!  ❤❤❤❤
"But I, being poor,have only my dreams;I have spread my dreams under your feet;Tread softly because you tread on my dreams." W.B. Yeats
NO WITNESSES !!!!
The ball is slipping. Don't drop the ball. Don't drop the ball. Made it! 
Wow that is a really cute puppy. 
Che carino 😍
The way he's slowly walking towards the camera must be how Sasuke saw Itachi coming towards him at the end of their fight. The music is even playing in my head now. 
Adorable
*puts cowboy hat on* What in Dalmatian?
Creepy.
^^not ^^cute
Dalmations are a-holes. Used to own one. Also, the eyes are too human and they freak me out.
Jasper has human eyes and it's freaking me out!
It's fucking eyes, man!  So cute
He has human eyes and it's freaking me out 
I have had a Dalmatian. This is normal.
I love how he's walking so carefully like he's scared to death he's gonna drop his ball. Then at the end you realize too late that it was a sham until he got close enough to pounce.
Come play ball with me
Forever and ever and ever 
*shits on the floor*
Cool, my first Dalmatian was called Jasper. Good choice, they're absolutely adorable!
Oh my, r/creepy
"don't drop it" ... "dooon't drop it" .... "dooooon't drop it" ... THERE. ... hugs? ... HUGS!
[reminds me of this](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=tVLlmL9qsww)
Wow what a gorgeous animal.
I had a purebred Dalmatian once, and I knew the ending to the gif before I saw it. They are crazy dogs
I miss having a dog so much. http://i.imgur.com/fjNA6KQ.jpg
My grandparents used to have a dalmatian named Caesar. Seeing this brings back so many wonderful childhood memories.
This dogs makeup is on fleek
Now human I don't want you to freak out but there's a spider and im going to get it cause I'm a good boy.
thats a robot
So beautiful.
Sorry to say that whilst this is cute af, i cannot forget the moment when two adult dalmations flipped by chocolate lab puppy and started biting his stomach.

Im sad to say i did channel my inner bruce lee on those dogs and nearly the owner aswell..
My dog does this exact same thing, trying to get as close as possible to me before i start chasing for her ball lol
That some how one of the cutest and creepiest sneaks I have ever seen simultaneously.
So cute! Did you have dalmatian jasper in mind when you named the dog? 
Moooo🐄
"Did I... do the right thing?  Am... am I a good boy?  Pl-please?"
"Good boy."
"YES!"
This is me when I'm carrying a far too full cup of tea. 
Yep, you can read the naughty on his face.
Look at those feetz!! He's gonna grow quite a bit!
I don't usually care for dog videos but this one made me smile. 
No wonder Coach Hedge hates Dalmatians.
Have my upvote for the excellent naming. 
Smooth Dog.
He looks like a human in a dog costume 
Dog walks like a cat lol.
YO... DID HE JUST WALK UP SLOWLY AND POUNCE ATTACK?
That was scary 
That is one fucking majestic looking dog!
I need a dalmatian...
Your house is empty. I wish mine was like that sommy dog could run in circles 
good dog go౦ԁ dOg thats ✔ a gOOd  dog right  there right there ✔✔if i do ƽaү so my self  i say so  thats what im talking about right there right there (chorus: ʳᶦᵍʰᵗ ᵗʰᵉʳᵉ) mMMMMᎷМНO0ОଠOOOOOОଠଠOoooᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒ Good dog
Ay que mono
This belongs on /r/peoplefuckingdying
I think the dog thinks he's being CGI'd out and he's scaring his human with a floating ball then BOOM ghost tackle.
He's a ninja!
Those eyes, so beautiful. Make me feel all fuzzy inside. 🤗
Jasper is more beautiful than my dreams could ever be 
*cue Jaws music.*
I don't see Dalmatians much anymore. Why? 
4 point gait, just like people on crutches
He's a killer! Must have trained with the Dark Brotherhood, his sneak skills appear to be legendary. 
It's creepin a bit.  Looks like a human in a dog costume
That coat is beautiful! Such a pretty puppy. 
Release the hounds!
The dogs name must be max...as most of the american dogs name are commonly max :-)
Cute. But Dolmations are notorious overly protective assholes..    one attacked and threw my Dog waldo around once. He is a adorable Pomchi, just tryimg to get by in life.
Balls are just a cheap tactic to make weak play times stronger!
Someone should add suspenseful music to this.
CUTE 😍😍😍
It's a pup! :D
Real talk, I think that is the cutest dog I've ever seen in my life.
He has human eyes
That eyeliner!
THROW THE BALL YOU MONSTER
Cuteness is just a cheap tactic to make weak puppers stronger!
Oh my god! Cuteness overload!!!! 
is that how you spell Dalmatian? I thought it was spelled Dalmation.
Just a puppy that wants to have fun!
Aww he's so calm for a puppy... and then he jumps the camera.

Yeah, still a puppy :P
IS' A PEPPY DOGE!
If that was damn near anything but a puppy, I'd be worried.
You have an adorable puppeh! 
Dalmatians are horrible dogs. I dunno. I've just heard that a bunch so I thought I would share. 
Cute puppy. Dalmatians are terrible dogs, though. I'm not one of those hysterical "DO HE BITE??" black people, either. I grew up with dogs. Dalmatians are one of the worst breeds out there. 

They do look cool, though. For sure.  
Aww reminds me of my first dog Alfie 
Eye-shadow on point
So cute.
Dude needs to be in Hollywood westerns.
A cutie with manners..  *_*
Clearly a great attack dog 
Hahahaha, so composed
That is a beautiful dog!
"You're gunna play me no matter what!"
That walk. I'll just see what's going on here very slowly. 
Precious, but that robotic walk is creepy. But D'AWW!
Funny you named him after one of the puppy thieves in 101 Dalmations 
Everyone used to call my Great Dane puppy a Dalmatian https://imgur.com/a/VcLCD
Those are the most expressive human type eyes I've ever seen in a dog.

He was staring into my soul
Too busy taking the fire hose up its ass...
Dalmatians are associated with firehouses because they would run around horses' legs to make them run faster towards fires.
i need a dalmation  so cute!!!!
Clever name, I like it.
I think you meant to post this in r/creepy
It's like the ending of Paranormal Activity the way the video ends so abruptly. 
This is somehow simultaneously one of the cutest and creepiest things I've seen an animal do 
Too cute!
Wow that is a beautiful dog, hope he stays healthy I always hear horror stories about Dalmations.
He's gorgeous💕
That's some FNAF shit right there
I'm not gonna lie, I closed out of this early bc it reminded me of a screamer.
he has the same eyes as Pennywise the clown
Its a bit creepy dude
That looks like a good boy to me.
So adorable, really made my day! I just wanna hug him but my dog will have to do. 
All he wanted was a boop on the snoot... 
Can't stop watching those little feet
His eyes kinda creeped me out at a certain point.  
  

Dalmations are like this haha Happy, Sneaky, funny and goofy
If you ever see a Dal walking that slow your ass better get to stepping becuase they mean buisness. 
Haven't seen a Dalmatian in years. My aunt used to have one and I remember it clearly drooling all the time. That dog could fill a coffee can of drool in a short time. Nice dog though. God forbid you had food in your hand that's when the drool faucet turned on lol!
The Horribly Slow Murderer with the Extremely Inefficient Weapon
Genuinely loved this. I often skip gifs. Thank you. 
That dalmation is beautiful. Also, the way it walks is cute. 
He walks like a cat! 
It is true Dalmatians have a bad temperament?
Dalmatian 

Color: black and white

Size: Medium 

Temperament: Gremlin
/r/hitmanimals
Good boy!!

If there was no tail wag or jump this would be a bad trip
Look at those paws he's going to be a massive doggy. Just a stunning pupper. 
Those little boy eyes give me the willies
This made me very uncomfortable. 
The Dalmatian I had was the dumbest dog ever. But she was super sweet. Unless a kid pulled her ear. 
That's some horror movie shit right there.
Awwww
super))))
You're killin me smalls.
Batteries not included
Lol, that ending 
ITT: All the weird cat people commenting how creepy this is. 
"whatever you do, never look a beagle in the eyes"
What to heck man, that's so cute.
FYI the material on a tennis ball is really bad for your dogs teeth. It catches dirt and becomes sandpaper. As your dog chews, they're teeth begin to wear. 

How do I know... just spent $2000 on a doggie root canal. Tip of my dogs bottom fang wore down to the point that the nerve was exposed. We didn't realize till it was too late. Thankfully we were able to save the tooth and not have to do major surgery.  

Edit: this is for dogs that like to constantly and repeatedly bite down on their toy. nom nom nom nom nom
I just don't trust Dalmations.
Its paws look like hands. Awesome.
It looks like someone stuffed a human body into a dog. Terrifying. 
Maybe he won't see me if I move really really slowly
Aww I miss my dalmatian.  Was the first dog my parents got me and named her ringo. Miss you buddy
I'll take 101
I honestly thought it was a robot-dog  at first.  [4]

But maybe it was the gif loading. I'm not sure 
He's confused by the camera
Scariest/Cutest video I've watched
Dude, its paws are huge.
I think i want one.
Look at those paws! 
Owned a Dalmatian named Sadie.  Those dogs have hilarious personalities but are dumber than a sack of hammers.  
Oh my goodness I am seriously stunned at how magnificent this dog is. My jaw dropped! Soooo precious!
It looked like someone in costume for some reason. 
GOOD BOY. That is all.
He punked you
Really fuckin creepy ass dog
That's how my 6 year old niece approaches when I make it back to town to visit. Slowly sneaks up and then she pounces!
The face of a true good boy
That is actually kind of terrifying 
I really thought this was going to be a Send Nudes. 
so cute!!
Jasper the cute 
What eyeliner does he use?! XP
Is he deaf?
He has the eyes of a born killer.
Mr jasper, you're trying to seduce me... aren't you?
Wot'n Dalmatian
nice and precious. 10/10 
Wait for it.....easyyyy....wait for itttt.....MOL'EMMMM!!
Omg so adorable!!!
warning: jumpscare
Those huge paws!
A lot of comments mention how creepy the walk is. 

It's not the walk. It's the gaze.  It's called a "hard stare" and it's a very unusual thing for a dog (especially a young puppet) to do. I hope OP has a good trainer/behaviorist. They made need it. 

It's probably unnerving to us on a very fundamental "lizard brain" level. 
I NEED A DALMATION
"The fuck did you say to me?!"
"I was there, you know. At the first war for this garbage planet. I fought your armies, I respected your tactics, but THIS?— THIS is SICK! I don't know what you're planning, but look: Your base is taken, your army has fallen, and you? You. Have. FAILED!" 

*Attacks*
What in dalmation?!
me trying to walk normal when I'm drunk
I'de of named him Marshall
Magnificent!!!!!
He reminds me IT. 
He is so cute but the videography makes the sequence kinda creepy
Gloriously beautiful! 
Jasper looks like a demon puppy
I love how stealthily it places those moose mits.....
#BlackDottedLifeMatters
Neat! your post is in the top 10 of the day on all.
So cute 
This is the first time I upvoted on this sub 
I need this gif with the jaws theme song in the background. 
I had a Dalmatian named jasper growing up. Big part of my childhood memories.
uhm...
That is the cutest face I've ever seen
Seeing this after watching The Ring...
RIP Cameraman..
Fusion is just a cheap tactic to make weak dogs stronger!
My puppy does this sneak attack thing too and it drives me nuts.  It's always when I call him or want him to bring something.  Look, I can see you, you're right in front of my face, you're not being very sneaky.
What a handsome dog. Please PM me, I would like to gift the owner a custom pet portrait.
I think I just died a little 
A spotted terror, say goodbye to wearing blue or black.  We raised dalmatians and they shed BIG time for a short hair dog.
Jasper has beautiful eyes!! Too cute!!
Jasper the Dalmatian is amazing! 
kinda scary
Deadly as they are adorable.
That is a cute pupper.
I'm just gonna put this out there; that had serious creepy vibes to it. 
my names Jasper too!!
Dalmatians may look cute but they are pee and poop machines.
What in Dalmation?
Super cute
So Cute! But arent dalmations one of the more aggressive breeds? 
Reminds me of this http://i99.photobucket.com/albums/l308/ewitsdaniel_x/Tiny_Dancer.gif
If an alien society was to watch this, theyd probably assume this was some horrific monster, slowly making its way up to its prey
Id probably marry someone on the spot if they gave me a Dalmatian puppy.
Very human like.
That's literally how our half Dalmatian/half border collie is. She'll just walk up to when you least expect it then she'll jump up and hit you with some licks. What she does sometime she's playing and she'll run by us give us one lick and run back and keep playing. Sometimes pups need a lick for the road.
OP is dead
I had a dalmation named carl. He knocked down the child fence we had Put up on top of me, then ran out of the house and I never saw him again.
jasper the dolphin
Jasper is adorable but he is also very creepy.
My dog can not break away from the ball :)
Jasper the KILLER Dalmatian 
Such gentle smol steps
My children think this is the funniest thing on earth.
This is so bizarre. Jasper's owner is a friend of mine who recently moved to Australia. She had been posting on Facebook about his 'sneaking' and had managed to get this video and posted it up. It has since gone ridiculously viral - crazy!
I want this dog
His eyes freak me out.

I want to pet him, but I don't want to look at his eyes while I do so. 
Reminds me of goddess bunny
The person who invents a way to keep puppies as puppies their whole life will be richer than Midas. 
Spots are just a cheap tactic to make white dogs cuter.
Source?
Um, anyone else think of the Chapelle show and the prince skit because of all that eyeliner?
Nailed it! Mike drop
Omg. This increases my want for a dal immensely!!! <3
My parents had a Dalmatian named Jasper as well. Beautiful dog.
I suspect there is something wrong with his front leg joints. See the way he throws his legs out and around as he steps forward? His leg should come straight forward, not like he trying to throw hook punches. 

Beautiful pup hope there isn't anything wrong with him.
I can hear the pink panther music in the background as he is walking
Fucking cool
I don't know why, but I was kind of expecting a jump scare.
"Tonight...

...*You*..."
Hahahah, you fell for it!!!!  Damn dog is cute tho. 
Here is your ball. And here is your cuddle. 
Looks mechanical
holy FUCK that made my year 
Can I have him ❤️🙏🏻
Wot N dalmation?
I love jasper!
So cute omg
Stoned dory
Cute!!

"Pray to God you don't drop that sh*t." DAMMIT!
What a pretty face!
They live outside firehouses???? TIL
Ironic name since Jasper was one of the villains in 101 Dalmatians the movie. 
Try reach for his ball and you'll eat his dust
All these people calling at scary and I think this is cute as fuck.
Love it. Sooo cute! And menacing at the same time
i just realized i dont think ive ever seen a dalmation in real life
 I love this video so much 
Such a good boy!
"Nobody I play ball with ever wants to stay..."
Such human eyes
Holy shit, a video I saw on facebook before reddit for once!
Was getting a pennywise vibe while he walked up to the cam. And ofcourse he attacked lol. Dam dalmations
fnaf 6 looks great
Those innocen...awe my throat
Is this a computer render? No jokes but the eyes look weird.
Never thought I would be scared of a puppy. 
I rarely see Dalmatians anymore. Very beautiful breed.
People love gifs that end with an animal jumping at the camera.
Dogs have so much personality!  Every gif, I HAVE to click.
Where are the other hundred?
Those paws! <3
Everyone who has seen paw patrol knows this is the real life marshal
He needs a brother named Horace
[insert jaws theme]
Struttin' his stuff
"Tip Toin in my jawwwwwdinnsss"
He looked dead set on attacking the camera, like the ball was just a distraction. 
Cute
Looking straight into your eyes. No respect. 
Soooo cute 
Aww! I mean, ahh!
Got creeped out lol
"Hey, Rose. Look what I've got."
He has people-eyes!
This is half adorable and half super creepy.
This is fucking terrifying
Jasper's face looks like someone is inside and it's just a costume.
This pupper is a karma machine.
Creepin on the come up
The dog killed his human and uploaded it brutal!
One flinch would send this pup into a frenzy haha
What kind of dog is that
Man his spots would make a badass coat
Love how timid he is. 
"Fetch is just a cheap tactic to make weak puppers strong."
Did she ?
Your dog looks like a middle-school girl did its eyeliner.
Make a fur coat out of it
Aw! My name also is Jasper!
Beautiful intelligent puppy.
We're good dogs, Brent.
Beautiful dog.  His eyes are human like.    They look right into your soul.
It's like the scene in cloverfield when the monster eats Hud
op is died
So cute. Why is he walking so slow
All planned. The human knew nothing.
/r/creepy
R.I.P. Your nice hardwood floors. 
