That face smash was perfect. He was still none the wiser
First time was understandable. Second time is confirmed kinda dumb.
I love it when their nose bends upwards all smushed, it looks so silly especially from the front
So...he's a little special. I'm not one to judge
**HRONK**
That smoosh face! 
silly dog :) that's a shadow
Omg when he boops his snoot 😍😍😍
I love how he leaves his snout smooshed against the wall for a few seconds like. "Hm. This didn't work. Why didn't this work?..."
[deleted]
Says the girl who lost the magnetic cap to her Apple Pencil
That manicure, tho. Magnificent. 
[deleted]
This dog is going places, probably not Westminster but places
One time when I was at the beach, I noticed this Dalmation running all over the place, with his nose close to the sand and barking non-stop.  He was randomly changing direction, and just all over the place, but his nose stayed close to the sand.  After a few minutes, I realized he was chasing the shadows of seagulls flying overhead.
At first I thought this was about using an Apple Pencil with no cap on the lightning connector...
[deleted]
One of ours does this with bugs.......that are on the other side of the glass. It's very entertaining.
If i had the determination of that dog i would be so successful. 
I hate to be a party pooper, but dogs chasing shadows like this can develop into shadow fixation which can be really damaging to the dog's pysche and really frustrating to the owners.

It's a cute doggo, though. 
Who's the one who will pick up his big poop on the floor later. Only to then hours later feed him again and give him a rub!?
"Wha-What's that?!" *boop*
This is definitely my dog!
holy fuck that's cute
He's just wanting to do a nose boop.
I had a Goldie. Loved it with all my heart but they aren't exactly the sharpest tools in the shed
This dog isn't dumb.  He knows that his silly antics make his human smile. This is just a good boy right here.
You know, when you've been dumped, the one thing you love to do is just forget about this human being, and then go on with your life - but no, you just love them harder.
<3
Glad to see my pups not the only one that does this XD
OMG awwww!
The way his nose get stuck for 3 seconds on the wall is amazing.
I watched this 15 times. Can't stop laughing.  
Related to Mr. Peanutbutter? He's pretty smart by Labrador island standards.
The animal gets to dwell in a climate controlled "den" with abundant food and strange but lovable hairless dogs that walk on two legs for some reason. I'd say evolutionarily he's a freak'in genius.
My heart melted, then I giggled. Dogs made the world better.
Mine would have took a chunk out of the wall. He is helmet special. 
oh my heart. Is this what love is like?
Awwwwwww!!!
Still smarter than 13/16 of my friends.
To be fair, it took me a (pretty long) while to see the shadow.
someone tell plato to tell that dog the truth!!!
boop da snoot
something something.. united airlines sucks... 
I lmao'd, but only after an abrupt snort.
How old is the dog?

That nose.
Doggie was just playing along to please silly master human.
Why is he attacking the Wall?
Brilliant!
Cute! They have more focus than me when I really need to get something done, though, so maybe they're not the kinda dumb one :P
I have that exact same sweater, what the hell
SNOOT SQUISH
So adorable, both times
I heard a bang when I saw him hit the wall
I haven't had a Reddit post make me LOL this hard in a long time.  Give that dog a treat!
Misleading thumbnail looks like a very long joint
Awww I know this is a lab but in life it's EVERY GOLDEN RETRIEVER EVER.
Aw I thought my dog was the only one to try to eat a shadow before!  Granted,  it was her own.....
this is the best thing ive ever seen, seriously
Laughed so hard when he rammed his nose on the wall.
Made me feel smart xD
So cute!
Object Permanence is hard... :(
You know, he could just be into chasing the shadow because he thinks it's more interesting than the hand producing it. I feel like this dog might be quite intelligent.
Thank you I needed to lol for pure silliness today. 
In a house filled with people depressed as hell, you've brought a bit of laughter. Thanks for that!
That first lunge is so sudden and that made it so much funnier to me.
Fully committed, no regrets. 
That dog has better comedic timing than me
http://imgur.com/a/x42AW
Both times, he's working on you. Dumb recognizes Dumb.
When it's face hits the wall...D'AAWWWWWW!
Can someone edit in [a few of these at the proper times?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x3SxEOvAOEg)
In all honest, actually laughed out loud at this.  This is awesome!
 Cannot stop watching this and smiling. 
My dog is even more goofy than all of you combined
I was really hoping the other dog was going to help him somehow based on the title.
Haha...that dog is so dumb. 

~misses all signals from a girl~
/u/dellie44
[mfw bamboozled](https://i.imgur.com/flfE2Hv.png)
Oh shoot! Is that an Apple Pencil in the wild?
so cuteeeeee
This is the cutest vindication of Plato's Cave Analogy I've ever seen...
Kinda dumb?
someone needs to add a clown horn sound to this when the snoot boops the wall
What is love? Baby don't boop me
That was a selfboop.
Awwww.... Poor doggy!
Yeah, don't do this.
/u/bexnoodles19
"If you take the blue biscuit, Newoof, you'll wake up, in your doggybed, and think it was all a dream and be a good boy for the rest of your life. If you take the red biscu-"

*Newoof chomps on the blue biscuit*

"Goddamnit, dawg"
Dog .exe has encountered a problem and has to close.  Resuming temporary functions with cat .exe
here is no matter for dumb..in FRIENDSHIP
I think the dog nose what he's doing.
Smooshing my booper!
This is clearly an ad for the Apple Pencil 
Bruh this is my dog to a T. Also a golden. Obsessed with shadows and lights. Will stare, bite, dig and bark at them for 30min straight. We always were like well she may be dumb AF but at least her eye sight is good.
Dope
I'm sure Markiplier would laugh at this for minutes.
1.Hes a good boy
2.He noticed A not extremely defined Shadow..
3.Hes got good sight for a dog
What a good boy
Well she is blonde....
^(i can't get my golden to react to anything. laser pointers, flash lights, her reflection in the mirror, photos/videos of other dogs on my phone. not sure if she's super smart or super super dumb.)
Hey, just throwing this out there. But, this isn't very good for a dog. My friends family dog would do this and became very 'attracted' to any type of shadow. It started with the reflection of light off your watch/phone and it would chase it and everyone would laugh. But then it was so bad that it would follow/chase your shadow and not you. It was obsessed, absolutely obsessed with any shadow at all. Anything that moved in the corner of her eye would set her off and she was staring at the floor again. As soon as she would lay down and calm down, bam she was up and panting and so focused on nothing that it was terrible. We would have to throw the ball so she could be satisfied and actually catch what she was after. It was the only way to get her tired. She lost all interest in people and would only chase shadows. I know this seems like an extreme, maybe it had to do with her border collie mix, but it got bad. Only into her old age did she begin to ease up on chasing shadows. I say this only to offer insight into my experience with shadow attentive dogs, not saying all dogs who've seen a shadow get obsessed, but please be aware of the potential.
That's a damn cute dog! 
I wanted you to throw it so bad so he'd go chase the shadow. The snoot boop was good though. Thank you!
THis dog is my literal spirit animal! 😂
You should buy this dog a laser pointer toy. Hours of entertainment...
[deleted]
Is her name Nana?
Proves again, that's how u get votes. 
Fool me once same on you, fool me twice shame on me.
Thats what Jenny thought of Forrest
This is a lot funnier than I thought it would be.
The shadow person wants to feed him a hot dog and he *knows* it
Dog needs to read more Plato.
Hahahaa!
SMOOSH
This is the goodest gif!
This will hurt their nose if it's done purposely too much! 
This reminds me of Plato's Allegory of the Cave
When I share this on FB the framerate is terrible. Anyone have a more FB-friendly link?
Can they see in another dimension 
Story of my life! Haha 
Boop!
That look of shame after the first bite.
Aww Mr. Peanut Butter!
The cat is giggling off screen.
I was confused why the it looked so weird. Then the dog. #lefty
My dog was forever ruined by my brother-in-law making him chase a laser over a long weekend he was dogsitting. Now, forever and ever, Wilson sits - every morning - for hours in our bedroom starting at sunrise, looking at the shadows, and attacks both shadows and screen reflections (think iPhone, computer, etc.) on the wall throughout the day. Pretty sure there's nothing to be done... but we love him anyway.
I imagine there must be a greater intelligence out there watching us being baffled by reality
He smmmaaattt just happy 
I firmly believe dogs are enlightened geniuses who have it all figured out and are just acting dumb because they know we find it endearing.
He's still adorable. :)
I wish my dog would fall for things like this. But she's too smart I guess. She won't even fall for the fake ball throw.
That moment you realize you're the best friend. 
Why does he try to....eat....the hand?!?! This is NOT A BEST FRIEND MOVE!
It's dumb though, but you love him and take care of him and we love him, lol
My lab is equally as dumb, but damn shes so adorable.
The Allegory of the Cave
Jeje.......... I guess I'm the dumb one. I couldn't figure out why the dog was doing that, I thought he was just dumb.

If a man wears a yoga pants, it may be a little feminine. After all if you stuck somewhere with lots of sharp plants that tears you legs, you would wear anything to protect your legs. Thats not the point though, the point is how hate or negative emotions are superior to positive emotions. In terms of quality, if you have negative attitude or feeling toward somethings, it is more intense than positive. Consequently, you are more likely to act on those negative emotions.  Think about, how government around the world united their people to control them easier? (Hint: common enemies) its a tactic as old as humanity itself. 
I thought dogs were colorblind tho
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8394  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/23250)
awwww
If only I had friends. Or a single friend. Or a dog
Dumb owner doesn't realize the dog is just humoring her. Probably kept her busy moving her pen for 15 minutes having a good laugh! 
Nobody likes us English majors, but that's an incorrect usage of pronoun antecedent agreement.
These are the dogs we put in charge of blind people right?
that dog is not dumb be nice 
I do this with my cat, he loves attacking shadow puppets. He has kind of figured out that they're caused by our hands though, one time he jumped and tried to grab both the shadow and a finger at the same time. He still loves when we play that game with him, even if he sees through the magic.
QUESTION!~~ What about when your friend is really smart & you love him/her/it .... any way...? What now/then?
Derp
Man, I love him. ;_;

When his nose squishes on the wall, it's so cute. ;_;
This is Mr Peanut-Butter from Bojack.
When she finds out he's rich and he whips out his skin carrot
Better hope that other dog doesn't see the title of this post.
Boop.
He's not dumb he's playing with his best hooman.
Oh my god, I just got flashbacks of my dog. He used to do the same thing, it's why we named him Goofy. 

RIP my friend 
He's doing such a good job :)
Dog is just dedicated, not dumb.
What a beautiful idiot.
Dog is dumb as a geraffe.
initially i thought this was in a zoo. then i thought this is impossible because how zoo has dog?
Oh Mr. Peanut-butter, you sure do get yourself into some interesting situations 
My dog does this! It's one of the symptoms/signs of canine OCD if someone else hasn't already said... look for chewing/cleaning paws, snapping at imaginary flies & chasing tail.
SMART!
Smush 
That's an expensive dog toy
Just watch out for the venus fly trap!
I lost the cap to my Apple Pencil too
Is that jacket from Roots?
Nice manicure and ring 💍! 
Friends Forever :))
Stolen off the cool dog group.
Thinks about it, plans his strategy, then goes all in.

This boy has management written all over him.
oh where oh where oh where is shadow?  Where can shadow be
Maybe, just mybe, this would've been better with sound?

I don't know, just throwing it out there.

Because, you know, it's 2017. We have something called video now. It's pretty rad.
Ignorance is bliss.
It gets better every time...
*Bonk!*
I love puppies !
haha so cute
Its so cute though
Totally knew it was a golden before I clicked.  Cause I have one and they are be dummies 
#g o o d b o y e does a good try
dumb but adorable
Smoosh
We don't deserve dogs. We really don't.
Maybe the dog knows that it's a shadow, but is playing along.
Nice ! First time He was don't understand. Second time he is confirmed kinda dumb.
this is too cute! I love my kitty. 
Love his nose bloop!
My grandparents had an abused mutt they adopted that, once it got acclimatized to people after being in a loving home, was the cutest dog I've ever known. He was an ugly little dog but charming as all hell. The same grandparents owned a cottage up in Québec and they'd bring Benji with them. When me and my brother were playing with Benji on the shore we learned out that if you touched your thumb with your index finger (like an okay sign) that adorable dog would chase the circular shadow it made. We lost Benji a couple years ago and I find myself thinking about how much I miss him every once in a while. He was a testy bugger when they first got him but he turned into the sweetest thing once he learned that humans loved him. RIP buddy. You've always been my favourite pet anyone else in my family has owned.
LOL
Omg put the cap on your pencil PLZ
That's like if you point at something, your dog will just stare at your hand.  They're not dumb.  They're just dogs.  Cats have similar limitations.
Such a cute boop.
Oh, how this makes me get the feels for my dog and the laser pointer.. need to buy another one, stat!
Lol too funny
/u/kati_28 
I couldn't even be moderately good friends with a person with those fingernailsl. It would have to change or I'd be gone.
OP's best friend is a doggo. I approve.
......... B O O P.
My Cocker Spaniel used to chase the sun reflections off the Sapphire hanging by the window.
Too funny
Is it a cat in a dog or the other way round? 
That's too cute. 
What a good boy.
Aww, bless their heart
Reminds me of 'Allegory of the Cave'
dogs are very cute and very funny
Maybe he was trying to protect you from the shadow realm? 
Wut I think the doggo is v smart
Too adorable!
He/She is not dumb, he/she is special in his/her own​ way.
So, "canines follow their sense of smell over their eyes".  Sure thing.  Yup.
Awesome. you made it to the top 10 of the day on all!
Either dumb dog orrrr Peter Pan 
Boop the snoot 🐶
It's started out with a kith, how did it end up like thith...
Best use of an Apple Pencil I have ever seen. 
I thought you'd be taller.
Love dogs, they are the best!
says the person who puts her panties on backwards. 
Her nails are so nice!
That doggo "I'm gonna get it..." face is actually the best thing ever.
The squishing of the jowls was to die for.
only a lab is dumb enough to bite the wall 2 times ...
Rain Dogg
This is the most attractive post, i like it
I know that feeling, that's how my best friend feels all the time. 
Is that dog like that due to abuse by united airlines?
Indeed man's best friend
My parent's Jack Russel is obsessed with this thing, during summer she basically does that non-stop until the sun sets. It's funny at first, but she's been doing it for at least 4 years now, it kind of gets annoying and sad.
That's wonderful! Thank you for the 4:30am laugh! :)
Sometimes I wonder if a wolf would do this, if this is an example of purebred inbreeding creating less intelligent animals.
/r/suddenlyPlatosCave
Labs are dumb af
The dog isn't dumb, it knows what you wanted to see and complied.
Poor dogm he was trying so hard...
Allegory of the cave
For some reason I wanna give this dog a hug.
Dumbby buddy cutie
Welcome to having a cat
Aww look it's Mr. Peanut butter 
doggo in plato's cavo
I do the same thing with my cat where I make a big claw in the shadow and make like I'm gonna catch her head. She falls for it everytime.
You have nice nails
Finally! Something that isn't about United Airlines.
Your friend is not dumb. He's just trying to catch the shadow with *his* shadow.
Very gorgeous hand..
Before the gif loaded i thought the title referred to wearing a ring on the index finger and was confused how that is dumb and cute
My cat does this with my mouse cursor whenever he looks at my screen.
In dutch we have a saying; A donkey doesn't hit his head twice against the same rock.
Oh that's just brilliant :))
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Lol can't stop watching it :D
Those hands are really pretty lol
She's a lovely dog! Be sure to never, ever put her on a United flight!
I don't feel I can talk, I was like huh I don't get it, why is the dog smooshing against that cupboard. The angle of the pretend throw isn't right and he's not even looking at it. I'm dumber 
Lol I have that same exact jacket OP
I had an Irish Setter who used to flip his shit over reflected patches of sunlight, on the floor. (Like off a door or something.) He was an intelligent dog, otherwise.
Just because your friend filmed it vertical, you don't need to call her dumb.

Our dog used to chase shadows all the time, and family friends would call him Cliff, as in Cliff Richard. Took me years to get it
This is what happens after a week of beating a dog for trying to chew a £70 pencil....
Boop the snoot 
I'm almost certain that the dog is doing that just to amuse you.
My dog does this! We just use it as a distraction method
So cute!
Ha! We used to play "shadow people" with our old cat every single night. He loved chasing them around the wall, the bed, the floor... the new cats don't seem very interested (and, for reference, one ignores the laser pointer entirely and the other is scared shitless by it).
I had a dog like that, then i took an arrow to the knee
That Apple Pencil doe 
My golden goes nuts for certain shadows and light reflecting off shiny objects. It's annoying and funny at the same time 
Look at that squished nose! 
Is that an Apple pencil?
That's a pretty ruff thing to say...
Can develop into a full-blown psychosis if that's kept up and/or encouraged in any way. Generally harmless but it really messes with some dogs. Speaking from first hand experience and research.
A mighty foe.
I can smell you
You have a beautiful hand
Has anyone got the link for the video? I can imagine the noise when he hits it being funny.
Goldies are so stupid.
That is adorable!
Hey, before you pass anymore shame on your dog, for being a dog.  If you are talking about a singular "friend," the proper identification should be "he or she," and not the plural identifier "them."
the nose smash into wall is too perfect. 
Ha ha ha this is great
Is that an Apple Pencil 
We^e^e^e^e^e^e^e^e^e^e^e^e^e^e^e^e^e^e^e^e^e^e^e^e^e^e^e^e^e^e^e^e
Your friend reminds me of Mr Peanutbutter from Bojack the Horseman.
your finger is so pretty 
I like that the owner pulls it away when the dog lunges for the second time. Like the second time the dog would've been able to get the shadow pencil.


I'm curious how this dog interacts with its own shadow.
 Please take this over to /r/bettereveryloop
shameless self-boop
SNOOTBOOP
He may be your best friend, but I'm not so sure your his best friend.  Who would do that to a friend and find it amusing.
Szechwan sauce. 
Nails on fleeeeeeeek tho 
United Airlines Employee training footage
doggo not dumb.  doggo thinking outside the borx!
When your best friend is kinda dumb with her finger and her thumb in the shape of an L on her forehead 
So the dog is a genius, right? Because the stupid one here is the one who bought an Apple Pencil.
I mean, an apple pen isn't the dumbest purchase ever i guess... plus she has a cute doggo
I thought you were talking about the girl who bought the stupid overpriced iPad with that additional pencil.

Then the doggo fixed my scowl 
Haha doggo
they are all dumb (dogs), they are the direct result of hundreds of generations of inbred wolves - to the point that even those who abuse them get adored by them (i have seen people mistreat their pet dogs despicably and STILL the damned things come back for more).

Dogs are inherently stooopid.

Humans took a wild, strong, intelligent and fierce creature and bred it into dumbfounded stupidity to be a pet. It is unnatural selection.


*aww cute*. meh.
Is this really that much worse than the cat and a laser pointe
 Wait, is the dumb one the cute dog or the girl using the Apple pen?
Pupperino does a collision
Puppeeeeeer. Dumb puppies are the best

Edit: typo
You are all ignorant idiots. That's not "adorable" that's the start of obsessive behaviour, "shadow chasing".

Do. Not. Encourage. It.

No laser pointers, no shadow chasing. Redirect into healthy games like fetch.
The dumb one is the one who bought an apple pencil
When yr girl need an updated phone but you fuk w her anyway
/r/boop
snooooot
Just because he has an Apple Pencil that doesn't make him dumb.
Okay, that's not like a laser pointer. That's a shadow. Those exist in nature. Getting confused about the crazy little dot, fine. There's no particular reason why you should be expected to have prepared for the little red dot. But shadows are something you should have some relevant instincts to deal with.
When your friend buys an iPad pro with a pencil, but you love them anyway.
as a pen spinner I just want to know what kind of pen  that is 
The dog is like who spends $100 on pencils? 
Pretty sure that dog is dehydrated as fuck
Is the person that bought an Apple Pencil the one you're calling dumb? 

Because I agree 
Who's kinda dumb? The dog seeing something moving and trying to get it, or the person who bought a 100 dollar pencil.
[deleted]
That dog isn't dumb. He's acting dumb to hide the fact that the owner was dumb enough to have an Apple Pencil. 
Not knowing something is ignorance, not stupidity. Would it be fair to call Europeans from the 1500s dumb for thinking objects got tired? Or would it be fair for people in the future to call us dumb for not understanding what the big bang is? If the dog had access to the written knowledge we have, it'd understand what a shadow is.
They sure as heck weren't bred for their smarts. 
/r/hailcorporate
Where's the back of your Apple Pencil 
Haha nice Apple Pencil nerd 
this should be posted under NAW not AWW
All my liberal friends. <3 you hippies. 
Poor dog, not funny at all 
Don't worry pups always forgive Apple Pencil buyers. 
Nah, none of my friends bought an Apple Pencil
[deleted]
Poor dog, having a dumb Apple fan as master is a grief. But he love his friend anyway.
I honestly think there is something really wrong with animals that can't tell the different between light, lack of light or an actually object. I think the ones that do it we inbred a bit to much. 
What is that thing, a tampon spear?
This is why you shouldn't vaccinate your children
