Respect for the small guy to keep going in tough waters.
When I go back to earlier levels to help my friend level up
So where we goin, George?! We goin through the water, George?! *splash* *cough* *splash* There sure is a lot of water, George!
That little wiener dog is adorable.
I love watching that big dog walking so slowly, but surely, he's like a king, calmly surveying his land. 
Was waiting for him to turn sideways and get carried away like a log.
Old Russian anecdote about this exact moral:

A hedgehog is running around in a field, laughing, giggling, and having a great time. A bear walks over and says "why are you having so much fun? Why are you giggling?" The hedgehog replies "Well, try it, it's great!" The bear proceeds to do the exact same thing as the hedgehog, running around in the grass, but clearly doesn't get what's so good about it. This goes on for a while until the confused bear asks again, and the hedgehog replies "well, doesn't the grass tickling your belly feel great?"
As a short man I empathize with that doggy. ):
This is a great metaphor.
It's like watching an ATAT vs. a speeder bike
This is possibly the best imagery of "just because it's easy for *you* doesn't mean *they* aren't trying hard enough" that I've ever seen.

Edit:  I accidentally a word.
The big guy wishes he found it easier to cool off while the little one wishes he could stride through the waves.

The grass is always greener. 

EDIT: Also, they both think the other one is the bee's knees so that's cool.
They're still good dogs Brent
"We're the two best friends that anyone ever had"
[deleted]
Moosh the Malamute!
That title is too deep wow, literally for the dachshund.
Why doesn't the little dog stop being so lazy, grow longer legs, maybe some flippers, and simply make his life better and the waves smoother? 
Pick yourself up by your bootstraps little dog.
I'm that poor little dog apparently. 
😢my 6 year old malamute was diagnosed with bone cancer yesterday. Seeing this and my poor boy laying here hurting is so hard for me. 
This is so profound
Malamooshie!!
In my younger and more vulnerable years my father gave me some advice that I’ve been turning over in my mind ever since.

“Whenever you feel like criticizing any one,” he told me, “just remember that all the people in this world haven’t had the advantages that you’ve had.”
My 11 year old wiener dog looks just like this one. The vet said he was a 'throw back' to how the breed used to look.   
reminds me of the chinese kids story of the little horse that wanted to cross the creek.  She got advice from the squirrel that it was dangerous, while the old cow said it was safe.   
As cute as this is, it's a great metaphor for how we treat others and their problems. We're all not equally equipped for every wave, so be kind! 
both 11/10 good boys tho
"Ooo look, waves!"

"Fuckinsoevrhdk wavjdvdhdves!"
i love this. And being the small dog isn't bad, it could've been another situation where he would've had the advantage! we experience the same things differently 😊
What might be easy for some, can be difficult for others. But in the end, we each find our own way. 
Do big dogs and small dogs know that they are both the same thing?
malamutemoosh on Instagram

Source: I follow way too many dogs on Instagram
What is better, to be born big or to overcome your smallness through great effort?
The water represents difficulty in life. The big dog is the upper class. The wiener dog is the lower class. As you can see, some people do, in fact, have an easier time in life.
AbUsiVe wAtEr KiLlS dOgGo
"Being born into a rich family and telling everyone to just work hard as opposed to actually having to work."
I'm 6'6" and my girlfriend is 5'5".  This is life.

She's also jumpy and spunky.  I'm slow and collected.
I love malamutes so much, such goobers
I'm the microscopic dog that you can't see drowning horribly 
Is this that white privilege I keep hearing about?
[deleted]
Any day you get your wiener wet is a good day
That's one subwoofer next to a superwoofer.
Where'd you buy a bear?
Wait a minute, WAIT A MINUTE. Is reddit just imgur?
Life for some is just a walk in the water, for others it's a wave crashing down on them with every step.
Sums up the dating market for men if you're tall or if you're short.
Yea life hits some of us in the face a lot more than others
I love it when a dachshund's legs are obstructed from view. Makes them look like oversized dog-worm hybrids.
So whose the asshole thats filming while that little cinnamon angel is beaten by the sea
Imagine if humans had that level of diversity in our species.
/u/sushiwalrus
I relate on a spiritual level to that dachshund 
Being a life long dachshund, I can tell ya the go'in gets tough sometimes....but we plug right along.
I like how the bigger dog steps over the waves
My husband is 6'2" and I'm 5'...wow. I'm reminded of us 
I think this would be a great metaphor for how economic changes affect the rich and the poor.  Not to poop on how cute it is, but that's pretty much every gif of dachshunds dealing with things.
You vs the guy she tells you not to worry about
if he stood behind the bigger doggo he'd have a much easier time and the big doggo wouldn't have to do anything.

thats why its good to help others in life :)
Reminds me of my little pup.

http://i.imgur.com/qUyQ3o3.jpg

Loves the beach, loves the bay, but fuck that ocean.


me and my long friend when we try to use tinder
That is some beautiful water. 
When I saw the thumbnail I thought the little dog was poop
Born rich vs born poor
short people get it harder 😞
I swore that small dog was about to eat it on a huge wave!
This was very therapeutic to watch. What an analogy
That little dude almost drowned with every wave
Yeah short people always get hit in the face with life and tall people have it easy
Actually really powerful analogy.
This is me (5'0") and my boyfriend (6'0") when we go to the beach.
What a fluffy malamute 

Superb analogy regarding life.
Waves crashing into that little guy at the end there make it look like he's about to get swept out to sea and the person filming just pans back to the big fella like whatever
no shit,I am exhausted by the folks who woke up on third base and assumed "I hit a triple!!"
R/wholesomememes
How I feel while browsing on tinder 
Lmao
This is an accurate demonstration of the difference between the rich and the mid to low middle class.
there's a metaphor for white privilege in here somewhere
Had a weiner dog try to attack me while delivering a package.  He was obese and the grass hadn't been cut that week.  I made a clean getaway.
That gif speaks paw-umes, jk everybody deals with issues you're not special just because you're a minority.
The dog on the left is so majestic.




I'm the one on the right.
Ha ha ha! LMFAO😂😂😂
The bigger dog has the >privilege< of experiencing the sensation of waves hitting it in the face when it wants because of the circumstances of its existence that it had no control over. Hmm I wonder if I can apply this to real life? 
...
Nah its nothing. 
When you don't care if someone is in a different place in life and you're just happy to be with them.
Salty waves suck, still going through like a champ. 
This has literally put things into more perspective than all the self help books and philosophy I've read in my whole life.  
When you the wiener dog 😕
wow man, this really puts it all in perspective;  we're all just doges walking through waves
"I will follow the master"

"Seems I am not prepared"
As a five feet one girl I found it highly relatable...
The best thing I've seen in a long time and so true. 
Is anyone else concerned for the big dog? Like why is an Arctic bread dog swimming in tropical waters?? Poor guy... Like wearing a down coat in Costa Rica...
That big doggo is so high.
So cute!
It's a weinerdoggie! 
Husky Privilege 
Tiny pupper needs help!
A giraffe and a tortoise can occupy the same space, but they won't have the same worldview.
Somehow, this is the white man's fault too
Dunno, I'd be having more fun as the little dog.
Wet a long little doggy...
Sometimes all it takes is to be around those that inspire you to give you that extra effort you need. Lil guy has guts!
Agreed!  That big dog looks like he's really hot and uncomfortable
Just cut off half the dogs legs on the left and staple them to the dog on the right. Problem solved. - Larry the Liberal
Fuck this is deep
I have two special needs kids, and this is exactly right.
Republicans be like "learn how to fucking swim."
This is a good visual metaphor for how privilege works. 
Good to be husky, I guess.
His white privilege is keeping him above the waves of life, while the brown dog is pounded mercilessly by hardship. ^^^/s
Fluffy doge. 
Husky's and all similar breeds are seriously the best kind of dog. So insanely beautiful, cute and tough. 
Yes, because one of those dogs doesn't know what it's like to go through life as a surly, foul-tempered little bastard with a Napoleon complex.

Source:  I grew up with Dachshunds.  I love the little jerks, but they can be.... willful.
What financial hardships? I see no financial hardships.
Hah this is basically what life feels like. When everyone else around you is just like "Work harder, If I could do -insert here- you can! it's easy" and you're doing your damn best just to survive.
Surprisingly profound title for what would otherwise just be a silly cute animals clip.
One of my former coworkers had a printout with a similar setting - a small dog and a big dog - after going through some mud.

The small dog was covered almost completely while the big dog only had mud up to his knees.

The message on the picture read something along the lines of "How deep is the mud? Depends on who you ask. We all go through the same stuff a little bit differently."
Big guy must be fucking boiling, poor bastard
That sand and water looks like the dog beach at honeymoon island in Dunedin around high tide.  The whole sand bar has a few inches of water on it.
Reminds me of this cartoon:https://drive.google.com/file/d/0BzTXegyXLCYreHg1R0lreGdFUE0/view
My mum has one exactly like that. Could never picture it in the sea, poor fucker cant even climb the stairs unaided. Nice video tho. 
I love how the left dog gracefully steps over each wave 
What a great video to represent your saying.

Big pupper and small doggo.
Lol. Those diverse doggos
I guess you could say their both wieners

No one gonna help my mans?
Such strength, such cute.
I never thought I would miss all the hair he left around the house. I used to get so annoyed having to clean it so often. 
That's pretty deep
the doxie is just trying to keep up with his large bro dog,  probably wouldn't of entered the water if not.
Current mood.
BAR-BLARG-K
BAR-BLARG-K
BAR-BLARG-K
Long doggo rides the waves.
This is how i imagine Plague Dogs ended
This legit made me smile.
So far, I'm definitely the dachshund...
What kind of breed is the big one?
Can relate to it as a short guy working at a machine shop.
What a beautiful illustration of that fact!
Game experience may change during online play.
Hey I am short and Brown and can't swim :(
Aren't differend breeds of dogs some evidence of evolution theory? Or is breeding something else.
[deleted]
This needs to go onto /r/GetMotivated too . 
The other pup got washed over by the wave near the end
So cute
miss my buddy, Yugo (Japanese spitz/mini pinscher) :(
Life will get you too fluff. A weiner bit later. 
Why is this so profound?
poor wiener dog is getting a snootful of saltwater
So kawaii
Somebody help the wiener dog:(
Eh, they both get the soothing sensation of wave lapping at your weiner. 
Very apt caption!
That last wave that dog wasn't prepared. 
A the little guy gets to surf the waves and the big guy misses every opportunity 
What kind if dog is the big one? 
This is a solid representation of me and my husband lol
Heroes of the Storm when your shitty QM team is down 3 levels and you're the only one wave clearing.
Hey Spike, Spike...Hey Spike....we're gunna get 'em right?  We're so rough and tough, we're gunna get 'em.
/r/getmotivated
See you on Facebook in a hour....
Perspective 
No one experiences three life same way.
remember this scene with Jet Lee and Stallone?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N7zJArpe0FU
I can relate to this
Bro now there is rabies in that pool! WTF
Poor little wiener dog!  
This should be at /r/GetMotivated
r/2meirl4meirl 
Ahahahah! You're right! ;)
They are beautiful dogs! :)
Equity vs equality, both have their place.
OMG so lovely <3
Lat moment that poor baby got lots of salt in his nose 

I hope the owner helped him out 

12/10 would go on a beach vacation with these two puppers. They're good dogs Brent.
What's the breed of the big dog?
This is why relative measures like "chest-high water" can be imprecise. Chest-high for me might be neck-high for some of my friends.
 ,,, be the dog 
Do your hear the dog yelling 
'"""  this is not fair  ""
I would choose the small dog! Better to challenge life!
That's a very good title I must say! 
What is the breed of the big dog?
Dudeee...that's deeeep 
Okay that was weird because I saw the one on the right and thought it was tiny, but then I saw the dachshund and my mind registered it as being tiny
Pro football player, accountant.
My takeaway from this is that short people have it harder.
BIGE boi and smol boi
Is that in Sweden? 
Great caption!
Small pupper havin' a heckin' small annoyance.
Godspeed tiny wiener.
I just wanna know where this is since the water is so clear. 
Poor puppy :(
Haha Attack on titans
Especially the paw.  
This is basically me and my wife. 
This is exactly how r/short experience life.
That's a gorgeous malamute
This would make a cute tv show about the big guy and his little sidekick. 
Thought the weiner dog was a turd. 
Silly manlet
I like how the big guy takes his steps in sync with the waves.

Little guy's a fighter.
He knows we did this to him, he knows and he is mad.
What it is like when I take my 5' 1" girl friend to the beach. 
history shows that the little dog will be the other dog boss
Look out there! It's our island. Don't you see it? That's where we have to go. We can be free.
Its true
perfect Brexit Metaphor tbh
Is this called tall privilege?
This is me doing carries on Killing Floor 2. 
Graceful panic
George-" Check this out Ernie,  this snow is like....wet!!!"

Ernie-" I kn...*glub*..ow...right..it's li...*glub*...ke...every....*glub*...where!!"
I think that's Phil from #livewithmalamutes
o my God when I loaded the first frame and was waiting for the thing to load, I swore this was a fake giant dog and a normal sized pup.. 
Growing up with money vs without 
Looks familiar..

http://i.imgur.com/W3GYqhT.jpg
I would watch a whole 2-hour documentary following these two fellas
Pretty much sums up everytime I get the short stick in life.
Life lesson right there
[deleted]
Totally true, and I laughed so hard
That's me on the right. 
This is just so great
"Oh god."
-wave-
"Why do you like this??"
-wave-
"Halp"
me_irl
It's not the size of the dog in the lake....

oh wait.
That made me super sad for some reason.. lmao 

either hot as fuck or salt water in your face/nose
Oml this is so cute 
This is me and my husband. He lives his life looking over people's heads and I spend mine looking at their backs and asses.
me irl

gg
It's crazy these two animals are the same species.
One of those dogs has been bread to be disabled because people thought it cute... 
what a cutie!! just wants to fow his friend and have fun too. What a lil champ
Dang that all dog is a beast
Tall privilege?
What breed is that big dog?
Who said they did
That caption was deep
I've never felt more like a dachshund. 
I love how the big dog raises his feet to pass the waves
That big dog is incredible!! so fluffy :D
I fucking love Daschunds. They're so cute
Serving up precious moments and life lessons at the same time. Well done.
Reminds me of loosing a head-mounted GoPro to a respectable wave which flipped me over while toying in the surf. I didn't had the camera secured with tether. The water was not clear at all, so I spent 2-3 hours wading through the surf trying to find the camera with my feet. No luck in the end :-(
Super cyutteeeee
that water is goooorgeous
As a short cold who grew into a short woman, I resonate with this a lot. xD

Although, in all seriousness - this defintely shows the contrast between those who have had a much luckier and less impactfully bumpy ride through their lives, and those who are heading along the same path, but the same bumps cause much larger ripples for them. 

To those people that have experienced this: just keep swimming!!!
Shit...that really speaks to me.
Naaaaw
They should build up a sand bar for the small so that they are treated equal.
haha classic
I like how the big dog is actually actively stepping over the waves as they come
Wiener gets wet
This is malamutemoosh on instagram, for anyone interested. 
This is fucking fantastic.
> Not everyone experiences life in the same way

I do
lol nice
A big part of life is about the size of your wiener...
nice pup
Life lesson: don't be a little bitch
As owner of a Dachshund who hates water, now I understand why.
What type of dog is on the left?
lol, awesome
Never before have I seen a more perfect representation of me and my girlfriend at the beach. 
∪＾ェ＾∪
Isn't it weird to think that those two could breed with each other?
Like a metaphor for socialism. 
Like having adhd in college and failing everything.
The dog on the left should be the new loreal model considering how beautiful his fur is

TIL, I am a Daschund.
damn, that's deep and cute. Thanks op
Where is this? What doggy beach?
We are the same same. But different.
And to think people actually DON'T like dogs! 
They're beautiful, intelligent individuals with fur (some more than others) and more love for their humans then anyone else!
I thought this was going to be an /r/tall post.
I wish I  could trade sometimes.
Sweeeeet. you made it to the top 10 of the day on all!
me_irl
Wow. Love this
Thats me, basically.
Weenie❤️❤️❤️
this is so cute yet so true 
Nothing else on earth experiences life quite like a husky. (although that might be a Malamute).
This is life. You are the dachshund.
If only that dog worked harder...
I know the feeling 
Lil dawgs a thug 
What a great caption
What's the breed of the larger dog? He's beautiful 
This is important
That weenie dog is my spirit animal. 
First wave: oh 
Second: awe shit 
Third: awe shit 
Fourth: hhmgumgmmgmg 
Keep going little one !
Aww poor pupper
Little doge can fit into places big doge can't 
aww the big one looks like a polar bear =D!
This is too true but that's the beauty of life. 
Lil so cute

What type of dog is that bigger one? 
Holy fuck this is my new analogy for when I struggle or someone else is struggling. It's just life
Great analogy 
dachs under da wasser!
Truth 
IS HE OKAY?!
I'm 4' 7". I am that wiener dog 
/u/spliffdatpiff im the big dog u the little dog
I know the feeling little pupper, keep pushin 👊
Aaww nice 
Holy cow. Thats actually fucking deep.
"Haha this is so relaxing."

"HOLY ^*BLUBLUBLUB* SHIT I'M GONNA DIE." 
Us short guys have it ruff.
Same 
I did that for 2 years on 6 characters 
I'm still holding out for an onyxian mount drop though 
Damn it, I am the fucking dachshund every single time.
Some people are dogs
Fucking white privilege!
Aww thats so cute. 
Lol poor little wiener 
Get upvotes or make sure my dog doesnt drown... get freaking upvotes! 
Where is this? That malamute looks pretty happy!
That is the cutest thing ever 
malamute, dachsamute
Thanks for this. Strangely relevant and deep.
What a great caption. You've warmed my heart OP!
Haha so cute. 
DYING OF LAUGHTER.

I just got a flashback of my last trip to the beach.  I was the little dog.
Totally reminds me of the Caverns of Time instance where gnomes had to swim in ankle deep water.  That sucked.
This is a great example of how genes really are what make the difference.  But not in, like, the nazi-ish kinda way.
Equity over equality
That undertow can be dangerous
Aww cute.
but everyone is cute in there own way 
My wiener hates that too ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) 
Weiner didn't want it enough. Back to the sea with you waterdong! Not in Trump's America!
Oh shut up
A good metaphor for me when my social anxiety was at its worst.

And it was like everyone else was the big dog but telling me "why can't you keep up?"
Am I the only one who desperately wants to know what kind of dog the bigger one is?
Oh boy, that is one majestic looking creature! Love the little guy as well. Any info on what the breeds are?
anyone else had Pacific rim theme playing watching that doggo walking through water?
All I'm thinking is "help the little dog out stop filming" 
This is the most profound thing I've seen on Reddit today..... and it's from r/aww
More please
On the left, majestic; on the right, me.
Perfect gif with perfect caption. Thumbs up dude.
Wut breed is big floofy doggo? 
I needed this. 
Get big scrub
So where we goin, George?! We goin through the water, George?!    splash, cough, splash. There sure is a lot of water, George!
What kind of breed of dog is the big guy? He's just so darn cute!
Halp! Am smol longboye.
I has big doggo and weenie doggo toooo
[two stupid dogs](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ddy-mPR04Fw) 
That's a pretty big turd floating away 
What kind of dog is the big one? Looks almost like a long haired husky...
You Vs. The guy she told you not to worry about
Very astute.   

Also, AWWW! 
I am the weiner dog. 
Aww the puppy goes ahead even though the water reaches the neck
Pretty much me vs other classmates. Only thing different is that brown one should be drowning 
Where was this taken? Great video
/u/laurengunnell
The Rob and Big of the animal world xD.
This is very clever and philosophical 
R/im14andthisisdeep
Big dog privilege has never been more obvious, weenie dog lives matter!!
That husky is so far out of his natural environment lol
is this dog or rat?
Obviously the smaller dog just needs to work harder with the opportunities presented to both dogs /s 
So don't be a weenie in life, be husky? Gotcha.
Taking a calm stroll with my friend and cooling our feet.
/r/GetMotivated 
Post this on r/short.
....oh my god, I'm the dachshund.
Big Dog Privilege is real. They will tell you it isn't, but it's there. 
Height privilege.
I love Moosh! He's a Malamute and his Instagram is Malamutemoosh, the small dog is his brother 
I'm 6 ft tall and my pastry assistant isn't even close to 5 ft.  This is us.
equality vs equity
Title is spot on. Love it!
Deep
I just love your caption!
THE WORLD DONT MOVE TO THE BEAT OF THE SAME DRUM, WHAT MIGHT BE RIGHT FOR YOU, MAY NOT BE RIGHT FOR SO-HHHH-ME.
This is perfect. Thank you.
This is actually a great analogy for privilege in our society lol
That's so deep. 
Privilege
I don't know who I should feel sorrier for.  The daschund having to fight the waves, or the Husky probably burning up in a climate that's not meant for the dog's heavy coat.
Privilege in a nutshell
Short peeeeple got noooooo reason to liiiiive
Waterlogged wieners always get the buns wet.
I'm pretty sure the little dog had the experience the big dog is having when he/she first entered the water...

And the Big dog would have the experience the little dog is having when he/she keeps heading in deeper.

Perhaps we do experience it the same way, just not in the same place or at the same time.
I agree that Huskie is missing out!
This is what capitalism is like.
Now that right there is Capitalism 
Why did i get notified of this? I mean its cute but why?
This is actually a really good example of how while, rich, male privilege works. I'm going to use this in the future. 
What is the breed is the larger dog? A chubby husky?
vd
Height privilege.
Yeah that Husky looks really hot.
That is a very insightful title TBH
That's tall dog privilege. He should be forced to smoosh his face into the tide or carry the small dog on his back.
This is a great metaphor for wealth inequality. 
[deleted]
