You can't see his wagging tail. But you can see his whole body wiggling ever so slightly.
Sorry, [out of cucumbers](http://i.imgur.com/uZRpyCW.gifv), please come back tomorrow sir.
[deleted]
It's a doge thru window!
It's always a Shiba 
Off topic, but that's an interesting window design if it opens from the outside? I don't thunk I've ever seen that before.
Ahh is this the trailer for the disney reboot to Howls Moving Castle? That wizard is barking mad from what I remember 
Cutest drug dealer I've ever seen.
[deleted]
I want a Shiba so bad :( I heard they're little shits though, are they really that bad ? 
omg this is so cute! he looks so poofy!
This is like one of those piggybanks where you press a button and a dog comes out of it

[deleted]
I've heard the service at this place is awfully ruff...
I knew it. Before the gif finished I would see a Shiba Inu in the end. WOW. 
Welcome to Good Pupper, home of the Good Pupper. Can I take your order?
NOBODY GETS IN TO SEE THE WIZARD, NOT NOBODY, NOT NO HOW.

^^Unless ^^I ^^get ^^pets...
Wow.    Very window
I would like 2 number nines, a number nine large, a number six with extra dip, a number seven, 2 number 45's, one with cheese and a large soda
[deleted]
Who is that doge in the window? *bork* *bork*
Confess your sins!
"What's the password?"
I love how you can see his head wiggling back-and-forth towards the end because you know his tail is going like crazy.
I thought the subreddit grew sentience and tried to message me for a second with that post title.
I love the hand placement. "How may I help you today?"
I feel like somebody lifted it up to the window.  You notice how softly and symmetrical it's paws land?
Nobody sees the wizard! Not nobody not no-how!
Nobody gets in to see the Wizard- Not nobody not nohow!
The dog is in
why is this dog locked in a pitch black room with a service window?
The dogtor is in
Would you like the bork special?
For some reason I just knew this has to be in Japan.
Awwww, I'd like to bump him on the head, softly, of course.
New window, who dis?
Ugh why did I try to turn my volume up 😑
NOBODY SEES THE WIZARD
Cute doggo lol
Doggo has wares if you have treats.
That dog was lifted and placed on the ledge. ಠ~ಠ
I was expecting a jump scare.. I like this much more
The Wizard? But nobody can see the Great Oz! Nobody's ever seen the Great Oz! Even I've never seen him!
So very cute. 🐶😍
So adorable!! 
I just knew it had to be a Shiba.
Yes, I'd like a copy of [Bioshock.](http://0.media.dorkly.cvcdn.com/12/36/cf1a8a24a6e467fb9384ff1da4808a89-dog-clerk-is-selling-bioshock.jpg)
It's always Shiba Inus that do cute things
Is anyone else wondering why this window lifts from the outside ?
Store shiba best shiba 
[This](https://youtu.be/kx8af6vE3Rc) is what always comes to my mind when I see these Shiba gifs
Hello I just hoping for some food for my family live in ny
doggo
Please be a shiba, please be a shiba. Yay, it's a shiba.
McDonalds Drive-By 
"Please be a shibe, please be a shibe...YAS ITS A SHIBE!!!"
For some reason I knew it was going to be a Shiba. 
"Please have a look at my wears"
TEMMIE HOI!
Dogiit has wares if you have coin....
The drive-wow window.
Free my mans, he ain't do shit
want this dog so bad
Doggo has wares, if you have coin
Haha
This gets creepier if you imagine that it's not the guys house.
Sorry, we're fresh out of borks.
I will take on good doggo combo please.
I want 2 number 9s,
Doggy drive thru
How did I know it was going to be a Shiba Inu
Could have easily been a jumpscare video, thankfully it's not! Cute doge :D
Doge-thru
I love how is shaking a bit and you can tell he is wagging his tail
u give shibber shmacko and he give assistance
Yeah momma is not at home but I'll take some treats. 
I've seen a few of these window doggis. Is this a new trend?
Iz gunna getz yuz!
"What are ya' buyin'" - doggo, prolly
You will be greeted by the doggo of the dark. 
such a polite little guy!
Nobody gets in to see the wizard, not nobody, not no how! 
How much is that doggy in the windooow
dog thru window haha
Been looking for this bro for my quest line
Shiba Inus aren't dogs
Star Fox?
Nobody sees the wizard!!
Awwww
Just another bork in the wall
Pachinko next door!
I thought this was going to be a jump scare....
i knew it was a shiba the moment i saw that title.
yall got huckabucks?
I want to play blu whale.How can i?
My favorite RPG shopkeeper.
WHATCHU WANT?
I like dogs

Peek-a-BORK
that's so cute
Awwwww so adorable!  
I'll take 3 orders of fwied wice
Can you deposit a coin to him?
All in all you're just another bork in the wall
That's awesome, I'm going to try this at my neighbour's house.
I'd like three woofers and a ruff.
Nobody sees the wizard! Not nobody, not no how!
Staged, she's still a cutie though.
Nice window, never get that quality at homedepot. 
Yes, this is dog.
When your package finally arrives
The wizard can't see you right now. He's giving a doggo his tennis ball. He travelled from afar following the yellowbork road
CQFD
Your username bothers me, I see it on the front page so often
Looks like a studio ghibli movie :D
AHHH SO CUTE
What kind of doggo is this?
"Hello sir, may I take your order?"
Reminds me of Doge in undertale
When is the next bus to Bikini Bottom?
Hi I'd like a double double with fries, a milkshake, and a bellyrub please
Happy doges make me happy. 
Your 2017 Penguins SCF fight song.


Post. Tag. Share. Repeat.


It's a hockey night in Pittsburgh


https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=MqTw86DNjao
:3
I totally expected a cute pet to show up. Still amazed.
Straight from 9gag
Dog looks cgi
Omg press 1 if u think he's cute :>
/u/Sirwotsit 
'Show me your goods'
"We're here to see the Wizard." 
"You're here to see the Wizard?"
Heckin excellent service doggo
Oh god, look at how low maintenance that house must be. Stone exterior, vinyl windows.  Out went up so smoothly.  
Hachi?
Hello food?
I want a potato with chees
He looks like he will either barter with you or give you a quest.
What wizardy is this? A screen that acts like a window? Madness!

I wanna give that dog a hug
I'd like to order a hot dog.
"Sir, we are very busy at this time, what do you need"
Love the end when you can tell its tail is wagging.
"Will you be my master?"
You can help me? Share this reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/6e1e5r/honeycomb_cellular_earth_theory/
Dog be like: "What do you want to order Sir".
I'm just impressed at how easy that window opens.
🅱️anta 🅱️lack
You can see his tail wagging by the smaaaaaall wiggle happening in his body. So cute 
Oh my gosh. I'm not normally affected by cute things but I actually went "awww..." in my mind when seeing this. 
Now that's a horse of a different colour!
I love how you can tell in the movement of his face there's definitely a butt wiggle going on down there
/u/Ahlxvx
This has got to be the greatest thing ever! "Hey we're out of muffins, come back tomorrow!"
Welcome to Doggos drive through, how can i help you?
You wot m8?
This is pupper how can I be of service?
If you watch closely you can tell by the head movements that  he's wagging his tail.
That dogs like "Touch the window one more time, I dare ya! *Under his breath* fuckin humans"
Ah yes the Shiba Inu.  The biggest bastard of all dogs.
We are closed 😂
Just take everything you want from me but let me pet you. *omg*
I love sheibu inu's
But nobody sees the wizard.  Not no one, not no-how!
Why did I get a notification for this ?
A window openable from the outside?
When you know you're gonna mess up their order
😮 oh.. what a polite and fluffy pupper... my heart
UwU what's this 
Looks like a Nintendo game
This make me so hard wanna have a dog right now! aww :D
The boss baby is going to hate this. 
I like that you can tell he's wagging his tale by the slight sway of his head :)
Wow
 so service 
much prompt
      Wow
Henlo doge
Just think of a shiba corgi mix
Browse my wares, traveler.
What kind of dog is this? I must have 1
bork hooman u did me a friten
I'd go through that drive-thru every single DAY just to see that cute face!
Why does this window open from the outside, so confused 
That is a good boy!
He looks about ready to sell you some enchanted rings
Awww I miss my Shiba 
pffft, you can see the head wiggling from him wagging his tail.
xD
Nobody is going to point the dog was put on the window instead of going there by itself?
Doge has the wares, if you have the coin
Absolutely no moving! 
I was half expecting Crazy Earl, but this is a pleasant alternative

"Whatchu want?!"
That's is the cutest thing I have ever seen!!!!! 💙💚💛💜
Nobody gets into Oz no way no how
Forest Hunter.. 
cue in this here

https://youtu.be/kx8af6vE3Rc
Thanks for the notification, have a thumbs down!
I love your username
Trap Lord in the bando
Um... Alvina turned into Sif?
Excuse me sir, you know how fast you were goin- aww never-mind.
Password please
"Hello Stranger, I'm selling me wears at a fine price!"
Hi, can I have the #1 BigMac meal, large. For drink, can I please have a banana and strawberry smoothie. And a chocolate chip cookie? Awesome thank you. <3
Would you like fries with that? Milkbone?
How can help you human?
You just know he has a quest for you
That waggle waggle. So cute!!
Shibes are Johhny Depp of doggo world

Am I trippin or is he frowning?
Yes I'll take two snuggles and a side order of face licking please.  Also, do you have scratches behind the ears?
Bet you didn't see 67k upvotes coming... sick karma score :)  

&nbsp;

This is so cute, who are the 10% of people downvoting? Life haters?

"hello adventurer, did you bring back the required ingredients for the potion"
I was scared for a minute. If only it was an ice cream window.
Please insert schmackos
What's up with Shibas showing up in windows?
Anyone got a Javert .gif yet?
This is incredibly cute. Almost looks like a dog food commercial.
Hello welcome to borkdonalds
cutest drug dealer ever
^

Japan_IRL
Kajit has wares 
Let me get this straight, you wanted a number one with cheese, fries and coke?
Welcome to Doggo's; would you like a bork?
Sir ? U need to wear a hair net there's just a lot of hair 
the snout
"Who rang that bell!?"
Why are you able to open the window from the outside?!
Shibas are such awesome dogs. I miss mine :(
*Woof* " Welcome to KFC, can I take your order?"
Sorry out of fires.
So no one's going to mention they're opening the window from the outside? 
Most dogs would be barking their asses off. Not this guy. This guys cool. Hes a cool guy
Ha. You can tell his tail is wagging like crazy.
No shirt, no shoes, no pants, no treat

NO! Service
Very service, much customer. Sorry, couldn't help myself. 
My cat does this same thing. It's so adorable.
Why do they have a window that you can open from the outside?
Wooo hooo, big summer blowout.
Who was expecting a cat like me? Xd
Yes my boy open the window.
You see that s/he's wagging his tail.
I was expecting a cat.
*taps on window expecting customer service for some reason* 

*doggo comes out of no where and proceeds to stare through your soul* 
His head wiggles cus his tail is :)
He gets up there so gracefully. 
Love how you can tell he's wagging his tail.
[Was expecting Javert gif](http://i1.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/016/978/UiXAker.gif). Was not disappointed.
That could be the only drive-thru I have access to for the rest of my life and I'd be happy.
What type of dog is this, such a friendly cute face.
Bork! Ur order pls
Doggo drive through? Yes please
Dog machine broke
I love dis
Shibas have got to be the most adorable type of dogs out there
My last dog was a mix between a Shiba and a German Shepherd.... they really are amazing dogs. 10/10 would adopt another.
much hello
First thing I want to ask watching this is: why do you have a window opening from the outside ?
I love the way him wagging his tail makes him wiggle ever so slightly. 
I'll just lay down on the couch
Sweet puppy
"I'd like a Large Number Five, with extra doggie biscuits."
"Ahorita no joven" in Latin America
*Canine help you*

Damnit OP, it was hanging right in front of your face
I'd like a number 9 large...
"Hello, welcome to my shop! What would you like to buy?"
so much gigil

http://languageshellyeah.tumblr.com/post/4441247127/awesome-foreign-word-of-the-day-gigil
The only thing that could make this better is a little wee nose bloop. 
Reminds me of store doge
OH ITS SO CUTE AND FAT I JUST WANT TO TOUCH ITS WIDDLE FAT FLUFFY FACE AND HUG IT!!!!!!
So cute
"You'll never see the Wizard. Not no way, not no how"
such smart
much cute
wow
I would like  a cute pupper with a dash of awwwwww
state into the abyss and the abyss stares back
Your total is $7.50; first window 
I just want to hug that dog.
Welcome to mcdoggos may I take your order 
Could anyone tell me what kind of a dog this is? I NEED ONE TOO
Corgi has wares if you have coin.
Sorry about the up yours doggo. I hope this meat pie will in some small way say thank you
Welcome, I has 3 slightly used rawhide bones, 4 pupperonis, and 1 beggin' strip. Does you has interest?
Much cute. Very adorableness.
"I'd like some fries, aaaaand... a soda, and do you have any Push Pops?
You can even tell he's tailwaggin'
Doggo wants to give a quest
"The answer is Yes, what's the question? 
Very help. Much polite.
CORGEH!!!!
Don't let this distract you from the fact that Slytherin blew a 472 to 312 point lead to Gryffindor for the House Cup during the trophy presentation ceremony at Hogwarts back in 1992
W I N D O W  B O Y E S
/u/babingo 
The Merchant in some Japanese RPG
He looks like he's going to sell some potions and swords to a weary adventurer.
I am here to take my reward from quests
I was literally saying in my head, pls be a shiba pls be a shiba
How'd doggo get in drive-thru window?
Those big eyes!
Set him free
😆
He is going to give you a very hard quest
helping doge
P O P U P D O G E
oh，it is so cute
Looks like me!
"guard dog"
lol
thats cute :)
Hlo

Hello, it is I, Doggo. What would you like today. Perhaps a bork or two?
