i used to get on at the same bus stop and ride the same bus with her every morning in Seattle. her owner hated all of the publicity she gets but he understood. she would sometimes get on the bus without him paying attention then she would get off at the dog park and he would meet her there. very cool dog 
I would ride that bus just so I could sit next to that dog. 
That's what Eclipse wants you to think.  She's actually cashing Social Security checks for her owner, who is buried in the backyard.
Wow, it took me at least eighteen years to get my act together as much as this dog right here.
I've seen Eclipse on the D line in Seattle (the route she takes). She got on downtown and hopped off in Queen Anne. I was so excited - it was like seeing a celebrity! But no one else cared so I felt like a dork.

Edit: hey, thanks for the gold, fellow bus-riding dog fan! I hope other Metro riders get a chance to see Eclipse on the bus.
Yes!  I ride the D line everyday to work down at Pike Place Market.  I get to see this dog every now and then when the timing is right.  Always cheers me up on those cloudy Seattle days.
AMA Request - owner of this dog.
Amazing! How? She can even take a bus home?
Making my way downtown, barking fast, woof woof I'm a dog with a buspass
Good for her. I always feel bad for pets that are stuck at home alone all day while their owners are at work. 
Rosa Barks
And I know fucking 20 year olds who can't even do their own laundry. 
"Just goin to grab a drink w the girls, they took my license back in '08" -Eclipse probably 
She's a strong independent doggo who don't need no man 
Very intelligent dog.
but but...who plays with her at the dog park?
These are the kind of posts that I see, smile, read a couple comments, go back to the caption and pic, smile again, close reddit out. End on a good note.
Let me start by saying this is awesome and I'm glad it happens.

But..... How is this legal? I thought most cities have rules against unattended animals and whatnot. 
For those who would like to see a little clip of Eclipse :)

https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation-now/2015/01/13/black-lab-rides-bus-seattle-washington/21726965/
This is the greatest animal story I've ever read if it's true!
But who picks up her poop?
I live in Seattle and I never see her! I'm clearly riding the wrong buses!!
My dog can't figure out how to get out from under a blanket about half the time.  This makes me feel very, very bad about my pooch. 
This dog takes the bus to the park. Meanwhile my dog chews on his butt until he yells with pain, than continues to do it again and again
So cute! I hope nobody tries to take her :(
Such a well-behaved doggo! I can imagine her walking around downtown like Belle in the opening scene of Beauty and the Beast. Except people are friendlier and there are more pats and hugs.
once upon a time there was light in my life, now there's only love in the park
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.4307  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/90752)
Heh, my dog did the same and went to visit the Seattle dog park.  
At least, so I hope. I haven't seen him for a few years.  
I live in the Netherlands.

My dog shit on the carpet while going outside yesterday...
My dogs cant even remember to not shit in the house and this motherfucker knows that bus schedule.
Hachiko's reincarnation I guess. 
[deleted]
Self walking dogs. What a time to be alive
I wouldn't care if my dog knew exactly what he/she was doing and would make it to the park every single day, I would never let my dog do this. One day someone would take him/her guaranteed. The world is a shit place.
There was a time in this country that Eclipse would have to sit in the back of the bus. 
Eclipse is so IntelliJ
This is Eclipse. Every day she shucks off her responsibilities at home and goes to the FUCKING dog park all day. 
Looks like a ruff commute.
Just a small town hound . . .Living in a boring town. He took the city bus going any . . .where . . .
I want to believe this is all true so bad, but this damn internet is a cruel, cruel place. 
Props to miles on 99.9kisw for breaking the story.
What does she do at the dog park? Do other dogs make the trek and they meet there? Or does she just sit on a bench watching people? lol
Surprised History Channel or E haven't done a program on her; "Shining Bright with Eclipse". 
Video on CNN from a few years ago about Eclipse riding bus

[Seattle Public Transit has Gone to Dogs](http://www.cnn.com/2015/01/13/living/dog-rides-bus-to-dog-park/index.html)
This is Seattle's Lil Sebastian.
What happens if an aggressive dog attacks her and no one is around to help with her injuries? At our dog park one stupid man with his Pit Bull kept hurting dogs and he didn't care. I'd hate to see her have to deal with that alone. It seems like the Pit Bull owner enjoys watching his dog attack others, he says 'oh he's just playing, that's how he plays' meanwhile dogs are getting legs ripped and head punctures... it's just not safe. Just like a young child needs their parent or adult supervision, your dog is kind of like a child. 
[deleted]
Seems pretty irresponsible to let your dog go by themselves but whatever...
Thank you! I usually completely ignore aww's but this one struck me for some reason.
Would love to see the video of a go pro attached to the dog.
Multipass
 Does she let u sit with her? That dog probably takes no shit from anyone. Like trying to hit on a girl on the bus. That sideways glance then eye roll
I caught this post just as I was walking by the dog park she visits!

http://i.imgur.com/WZbthBN.jpg

The neighborhood looks after her here :)


Well maybe she should get a fucking job and buy a car instead of riding the bus

^^^/s
Would love to see a video of her entering and then arriving at the park and what she does there!
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I'm pretty sure that's not a cat.
There ain't no rule that says a dog can't play basketball 
This is something r/Leftovers would cream over 
I was reading the comments here on my phone while playing Life is Strange when I realized *it was the Eclipse scene*.

Life *is* Strange.

Eclipse Luna or Neon?

When you're a dog and life is making you lonely  
You can always go - downtown.  
When you've got worries all the noise and the hurry  
Seems to help I know downtown.

So when the dog revolution happens, im going to point at shit like this and say, "I SAW IT COMING!"
I N D E P E N D E N T G I R L E
She is a strong, independent black lab and she will not move to the back of the bus
I work at a store downtown that she visits a couple times a week. People are baffled to see a dog walking around without an owner, but she's very well behaved & a joy to have around. 
This post made me realise how smart dogs are and how stupid mine is
Damn, I'm not even that independent 
She just wants to crack open a cold one with the pups.

I-N-D-E-P-E-N-D-E-N-T do you know what that mean? She got her own toys. She got her own bones. Bus pass, never growls she's a good dog.

Oh god I hate myself but I had to get it out of my head...
So who picks up her shit?
A - How could you ever train a dog to do this?

B - How is this not a problem in some way? A dog not on a leash, with no human caretaker, getting on  and off public transportation and wandering around a heavily populated urban area and he doesn't get in any kind of trouble? 

While I find this amazing and adorable, I'm surprised he can get away with this without animal control or something cramping his style.
Wholesome aww
It might be an incredible coincidence but I'm almost certain that is one of the RapidRide buses in Seattle.
If that's true it may be the coolest thing I've literally ever heard about. She takes her own bus pass and goes to the dog park?  There's still hope for us yet if that's true.  
Is anyone fascinated by whether she gets off the bus of her own volition or if the bus driver does it?
Who let the dog out? woof woof woof
Shut the fuck up... my dog barely knows how to play fetch 
No way!
wow, and I know people who can't figure out how public transportation works. 
Lazy owners or overachieving owners, I'm not sure which!
The dog on the bus goes, "Bwark, bwark, bwark."
This is honestly the most precious thing I've ever seen in my life!! Way to go, Eclipse!!
Dogs are going to be the first alien friend of ours
Rosa Barks
Here's a news report. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bz4XEpK6INU
I'd offer up my seat for this one
I wish I was this independent 
American suburban variation on the Moscow metro dogs.
Smarter than most people in the world rn.
You all complain about dogs. I had a damned bird that would sit on my chest and peck at my lips/teeth at dawn. Every day.  

Yes, she had a cage. Yes, it was covered. Yes, it was in my room.  Yes I could have shut the cage door.

Ever heard a parrot scream?  NOW you know why. The neighbors called 911, thinking murder was happening. After that....well, refer to the first paragraph.
I live in Seattle, and more than once my dog has escaped the yard and gotten on the bus that goes to the dog park. Not the bus that we always take to go to the store, but the one we only use to go to the park.
Every time, someone gets her off the bus and calls me.

I feel like she's heard of Eclipse somehow. Maybe I should get her an orca card...
This is awesome. As for the people who are panicked about her being loose, that's how it use to be without people freaking out about every little thing. When growing up in the 90s and early 2000s, my dog would roam the neighborhood and everyone knew her. People would let her come into their homes and let her sleep over for an hour or so. Then Mitzi would trott home and be a happy puppy cause she went on her adventure. Just like humans they want to explore. She passed away at 16. I would never change that for her. 
Dogs smarter than me, i can barely get the bus, i get nervous about prices and what to say
What? How? That's so coom
Debbie Downer here. There are way too many terrible things that could happen to her accidentally or maliciously. I'm not on board with this. 
She runs around the dog park unsupervised? 
How does this become a thing? Because I'm a decent guy but I can't imagine a bus driver allowing my dog to ride the bus unattended for even one stop.
Look at this [dogspreader](https://www.gannett-cdn.com/-mm-/9eee627188d82fc63fad2c16536a846831bb47d2/c=181-0-1652-1106&r=x483&c=640x480/local/-/media/2015/01/13/USATODAY/USATODAY/635567831115685412-AP-US-ODD-Bus-Riding-Dog.1.jpg). Unacceptable
No leash laws?. Just curious.
Rosa Barks.
This dog is more independent than 75% of millennials.
Username checks out. 
Makes me feel even worse about always getting lost with public transport 
I love these stories but always question the first time the dog is allowed to go on her own.  Assuming the driver was in on it to make sure but wow what trust from a dog owner. 
Labs are smurt!!
Anyway we could see a video of it? 
Is that true??
Shit, I know some people who couldn't do that
What a good girl! 
I need to know more. 
Lies 
No fucking way
What a cutie! Anyone know what kind of dog breed she is? She looks almost exactly like my dog & I can't figure out what my doggo is mixed with. Thanks in advance! :)
How does she get back?
Seattle?
R/woof_irl
No way
I would get lost or probably lose my bus pass
Wait you can do that? 
What does an astronomer do when he sees a shaggy dog? Eclipse it!
I feel like I'm not being told a very important part of this story.
This is adorable, but I can't imagine letting my pups go to the dog park alone. I've seen too many fights break out among dogs at those parks.
This is an adorable dog, but I still prefer Netbeans...
This stuff makes me believe in reincarnation. Well this and that one Reddit thread about creepy children.
Funny. I'm in Seattle for the week and I'm almost convinced I've seen the fella
The owner sits at home by the window patiently waiting for Eclipse to come back from work
Love this pic, but I'm wondering...

Are there leash laws to contend with?
Is this even real? If so, impressively trained pup 
She recognizes the dog park whenever she sees it? That's a well-trained girl!
Quickly! To the woofmobile!
The goodest of girls!
Is this in Seattle???
is this real?  this is awesome if so
I get the worst passengers. Why can't I have this kind of shit in my route?
No gods, no masters
Not sure if great owners, or crappy owners and a great community around Eclipse. Anyone have a story here?
That's fucking awesome .
Allowed to pet?
Lazy dog owners can't even take there dog for a walk to the dog park. 
I always thought it would be cats to take over the world. I was wrong.
How does that dog even know the bus schedule? 
a neighbour dog used to always get out of his yard when i was younger and would legit break into our backyard and open the gate to get my dog because they were friends, i remember being like 6 blocks over and seeing them just running by together and it caught me off guard. That neighbour dog scared the fuck out of me one time tho i was in the woods on my bike and heard rustling behind me and was 100% convinced it was a cougar till i saw his wagging tail. 
Eclipse is taking the bus to fuck all the bitches 
This is quite possibly the smartest dog ever! Hats off to her owner(s,) nice job!!
Dogs are not allowed in the dog park.
I mean how though?
How are some dogs so damn smart and some so damn stupid?
Omg this has got to be my dogs twin!
I can't fuggin believe this is real. This is like a game changer for my life. 
Nope
God help her if she ever met a dog named NetBeans. 
I WANT TO BELIEVE SO BADLY
If dat aint evolution... dunno what is
This is  such bullshit 
Worst. Seeing. Eye. Dog. Ever. 
The men's room's own Miles a Montgomery aka DJ bus rider broke the story. 
This is arguably the smartest dog I've ever heard of. And at the same time I worry myself sick just thinking about what would happen if she missed her ride. 
I use to see this guy walk around Portland with his cat just chillin on his shoulder.
Does she pick up her own shit?
Yeah it's real!  I can see getting on the bus but idk how Eclipse knows which stop is the dog park.  The park is right next to the bus stop.
PLEASE PROTECT ECLIPSE AT ALL COST !!! 
Must be a ruff commute during rush hour.
this might be my favorite thing I've ever seen
I've been on a bus (D line downtown Seattle) when she got on and it made my day! She's a very sweet dog. She got off at a stop where there's a dog park haha. 
This is adorable and all but what owner allows their dog to do this? 
Serious question. What about the poo? Or is eclipse timed out properly to poo back at the owners? 

Edit: just read the article. Poo is handled by owner that is not far behind. 
I don't know why, but this seems so sad to me. 
There's this dog named IntelliJ and she just teleports herself to the dog park. 
And I can't even get my dog to walk straight on the leash.
I saw a dog walking itself on Block Island once. I was having lunch at a restaurant with sidewalk seating, and this big Golden Lab comes by, holding his own leash neatly in his mouth. No humans walking with or near him, and nobody seemed to think this was odd except me.
I can just picture the loyalty this dog engenders in the bus drivers. I'm picturing a passenger saying "I'm not sharing a ride with a dog!" and driver just TURNING on them "Fine. Get the fuck off my bus. Go on, get fucked. You're upsetting Eclipse."
Brb moving to Seattle
I was already amazed by stray dogs in turkey waiting for green lights to cross streets.

This is on a whole other level!
Doggo haz multipass
Someone should attach a gopro to her and record her day. I would so wanna watch that
Can you imagine the bus driver like "Ohhhh hey sorry Eclipse, your bus pass is out of credits!" And the dog's just like "Nahhh nahhhh nahhhhhh I ride! I'm going to the park!"
Greatest thing I have ever seen.  Like lasers...with rock and roll.
Who's a good girl!!!!!
Is it normal for a dog to catch a bus in Seattle?
The headline here is amazing. I want more details. How was the dog trained to do this? How did the dog learn that "car things kill you" (you don't get trial and error with that one). How does she leave and enter the house? This is amazing and I want the deets.

Also, the dog park we go to has a double gate system to avoid dogs escaping when someone is trying to bring their dog out. How does Eclipse enter the dog park there?
Let me get this straight, the (very intelligent) dog has to go to the dog park by itself because the owner is too lazy? Seriously?
She is like the Moscow metro doggos.
I live in Aachen Germany and I have a husky that is nearly all white and looks very wolfy. Everyone in this city knows my dog. I meet people for the first time and I bring up my dog and everyone is like "ohhhh Einstein!" Or I go into a bakery and people already know me because they saw me carrying down the street and while it is cool that everyone treats me super nice and is super friendly because of him I actually get pretty uncomfortable sometimes when I walked through the street and everyone is looking in my (dog's) direction. I don't feel like I can be anonymous, most of the time I don't care but sometimes I would prefer they didn't. So I understand why the owner might not like all the publicity
Oh dogs definitely have a sense of time. When I was in the military and only came home on weekends, my mom told me about 10 mins before I came home every Friday he would jump on the couch and wait for me or sit at the door and wait, and this was the only time she said he did this
This dog is going places
Does this seem irresponsible to anyone else?
Who's a good girl? 
I would have a heart attack if my dog did this
They're evolving..
Not sure if cool or lazy owner... hmm?
tomorrows training lesson: Apply for job as Wal-Mart greeter.  It would make me feel a little more comfortable walking in Wal-Mart then some of the people they have greeting you now.  
I want to believe.
And my neighbors dog just barks and eats his own droppings.
I worry now that she will be harmed on her way to or from the park or at the park for 15 minutes of fame.  I hope she is protected.
She's a strong, independent black lab!
So many questions:

Why does she go to the park alone?
How does she know which bus to get on?  
How does she know which bus to get home?
Who picks up her poop? 
Talk about lazy owners.
[deleted]
This makes me worry.
Does she clean up after herself too?
Not to be the party pooper, but no matter how cool this might be, it also seems highly irresponsible and disrespectful towards other people. What if something happens to the dog? And what about the people who want nothing to do with an unleashed dog? How are they supposed to know the dog doesn't just snap and turn aggressive all of a sudden? There's a reason why a leash is required by law where I live and it's not just to be mean to dog owners.
So who picks up her shit at the park?
That seems really fucking irresponsible of the owner.
[deleted]
This makes me uncomfortable for some reason. I really, really don't like this. Too many crazy ass people in the world to be letting your dog go out on its own.
What if something goes awry! I'd be afraid if something went wrong/she got lost/stolen... this is awesome but also scary 
I'd be too worried that some sicko would harm my baby. Adorable though.
The real question is who picks its shit up!?
Yeah here's the original post from 2015:

http://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/2saipz/eclipse_dog_takes_bus_to_park_everyday_all_by/?st=J3WGTFHO&sh=3b32aa5d
Cute but terrible owners.
Holy fucking shit??
No one thinks that dog is a alien in disguise Jesus people
I'd give up my seat for her. 
If you need me, I'll be on the bus all day everyday to see this doggo and give pets, lots and lots of pets
What a good dog. 
Just waiting for a Portlander to tell you about "this may be a little weird for Seattle, but it's totally normal in Portland"
Oh my gawd. I need to go visit Seattle more often! 
I would love to see a video of his day at the dog park including the 2 bus rides. That would be so wholesome.
This is so sweet and amazing!
Does she pull the cord?
How cute this is has completely shattered my world-view.
Does anyone know the genesis of this?
I would be scared someone would come up on my amazingly smart bus riding dog! 
Only if the driver feels like stopping at the right stop. No way is that dog pulling the stop string thing 
This dog has its life more together than some of the weirdos that live there. 
Feels very much like something out of a Pinkwater book. 
Everyday I think, "Nothing could make me want a dog anymore than I already do", and things like this show up.
This looks like a Vancouver bus
That's adorable 
This is the dog version of Matilda.
Does he return by himself?
Seems like it sometimes.  Seattle has the nicest days in the world I've ever had....the 3 days it's nice.
Smart Dog and OMG adorable too
Dogspreading!!
The goodest dog tbh
cute i have a yellow canary 
I can see her just climbing up on someone if there isn't any seats left. So adorable. 
Is anyone else a little angry? I get fined if my feet touch the seat but a rouge dog gets to ride shotgun.
Shit I couldn't teach my ex gf how to do this
Does she return home or does the stay there and her family picks her up? 
This pup can get herself all the way to a park by bus, mine can't figure out he can enter the house when a sheer curtain is in the way. 
My great grandfather used to have a dog that ran all over town to a female dog when she was on heat, then he was tired when he ran all the way there so he took the bus home. Everyone including the bus driver knew whose dog it was so it was chill.
But will she make space for me if its full and the only empty seat was next to her?
While you all talk about Seattleans like they are doing a bad thing with not caring, here in my country, this would've never even happened let alone people not reacting to it. The first day a poor doggo tries it, either some maniac with a gun would shoot it or some other maniac would do maniacal stuff to it that I don't want to imagine. 
Yea, well my dog can sit AND shake. 
Please give me that dog <3
Is she dogspreading?

TRIGGERED
I bet that Eclipse's tail goes nuts if you make eye contact with her and say "hi."
A friend of mine had a Border Collie like this. She knew how to navigate the Bay Area (loooooong ago so I forget if this was Berkeley or SF or what) and if she got bored, she'd often do a lap around the neighborhood to check out all his favorite bars to try and find him. Sometimes we'd just be hanging out and suddenly his dog is at the bar too. There's something really impressive about a dog that adapts so well to society that they understand the public transit system, stop lights and the like.
How in the fuck?  
I, for sure, couldn't even do this without my phone.
Does she pick up her own poop? 
She looks like my Lily. Lily was put down because the meds couldn't control her seizures. 
Wow what a smart dog ðŸ˜€
There's an island in Greece called Skiathos and when I was there, each day a dog got on the bus in town and rode it down to the beach 
Is this trained or just a very smart dog who learned that habits of getting to the dog very park.
/r/soposts
... My dog still runs into walls by accident 
I want to hug this dog. I hope she lives forever.
Yeah, but when is Eclipse doing an AMA?
All I see is a strong and independent black lab that don't need no man. ;)
When a Dog has a more involved social life than me. 
Russian dogs mastered public transportation a long time ago. http://abcnews.go.com/International/Technology/stray-dogs-master-complex-moscow-subway-system/story?id=10145833

Eclipse is a Russian spy. 
Eclipse videos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uh4eR8kZwHI

 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vLVKVPc_Z6k

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aj8wCYanKrc


She also pays rent every month and goes to the gym 3 times a week
Whereâ€™s the owner?? 
Good doggo ðŸ¶â˜ºï¸
God bless this dog I hope nobody tries to hurt it!! 
Does she pull the stop cable at the right moment? Or do the drivers just know to always drop her off at the same spot?
After watching a [couple](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vLVKVPc_Z6k) [clips](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation-now/2015/01/13/black-lab-rides-bus-seattle-washington/21726965/) of Eclipse...she must feel like the man when shes taking that route
Is this legal?
This is so awesome! Pigeons in London use the underground trains (getting on and off at different stops) but never have tickets, because humans can't pick the offender out of an identity parade...
First time we took our labrador by bus, my wife told her to sit as she was buyinh a ticket. When she turned around, our lab was comfortably seated on the seat, next to a guy in a suit. Priceless.
And here I know many adult humans who can't seem to do the same 
Nothing in the rulebook says a dog can't ride the bus. 
That's incredible. I'd love it if my dog were this independent.
Coolest dog ever!
My gf made a good point, who picks up after her poop? 
what a happy doggo and a smarty pants
*cough* those are not tears, just, I have some, you know...dust in my eyes <3
Oh neat! It's Seattle!
[deleted]
Citizens are not even supposed to be consciously aware of the dog park.  Do not enter the dog park.
all i can think of is how the fuck does one teach a dog to be this autonomous. I see dogs walking without a leash i lose my mind, this guy doesnt even need an owner anymore.
This reminds me of the stray dogs in russia using the subway system :P 
Smart doggo
Ok it is cute, but isn't the owner worried she might get kidnapped?
Dogs are not allowed in the dog park.
My first reaction is to feel sad that she goes by herself. Does her owner ever go with her? Of course second reaction is OMFG A DOG IS RIDING THE BUUUUUS 
I wouldn't let my dog go around by herself like that. It's irresponsible. I'd be afraid of some shitty person abusing her.
How large of a town do you live in? I live in Miami and all I can think about is that someone would have stolen that dog the first day it tried public transport. 
How deplorable. Dogs are becoming too independent these days Smithy, next thing we know they'll want to vote!
/u/bexnoodles19
Dogs are the most intelligent creatures on the earth next to your mom
This dog is going places...
You really know your place in the world when you get lost using google maps on your daily commute whilst this handsome fella cruises the public transport network without fuss
Before leash laws, many dogs had lives like this.

Let them out in the morning, they go out, do their business, visit places, see friends, come back in the evening.

I'm glad to see at least one dog gets to still live that life.  Not sure how it's legal...no leash laws in Seattle?
r/rarepuppers
She Has  A Life More Organised Than Me...
She's a good girl!
I'm new.  How the fuck does a dog get on and off a bus by itself at a regular schedule?  Are you telling me this is a thing?  
Meh, my dog has her own car and she drives herself downtown, she can even stop by the market and get me some food on her way back. Her name is IntelliJ. 
I'm easily impressed but I would completely lose my mind if I saw a dog go through the process of taking public transportation, by itself, to go to the dog park....it would be like the first time one of my kids made their own breakfast without destroying anything.

Maybe this will be the start of a doggie movement. #frontofthebus
I rly don't want this to be fake news 
This dog is manspreading
Absolutely the most adorable thing I've ever seen. And so nice of the bus company to give her a bus pass.
Dumb question here but where is the dog's owner? 
No i'd totally be excited to see this! 
My home town (Merrill, Wisconsin) had a dog just like this way back when they had a trolley, who would get on the trolley in the morning and go the west side, and get back on to go back east at night. The high school just painted a huge mural of him on the side of a building. They called him Jack the Trolley Dog.
Bullshit
Even I don't have a bus pass:(
Say what?  This is a thing?  Why do I feel so sad for the dog!?  If my dogs did this I'd be worried sick and feel like a terrible owner

I hope this is fake.  How does the dog know what bus to take and what not too??  
Seattle looks cool that dog is cool to 
I want to know how the dog is trained to go solo, I would be so stressed if I put my dog on a bus alone. I have to drag him out of the park, he's not voluntarily leaving that place alone.
does dog never scare anyone? I'm a dog owner and love dogs but seeing him unattended make me anxious because of how many people with dog hangups there are.
She is so smartðŸ¤—ðŸ¶
News story: https://youtu.be/Bz4XEpK6INU
What a beauty! :D
Am I the only person worried about who's picking up the dog shit if she's travelling by herself?!
Bet this is in Seattle
Lol she thinks she's people.
How does he know which bus to take? 
I wonder is she rode back on her own too
Wish this dog could talk. Would love to know how it knows.
Mom, i can take the bus by myself, u are embarrassing me front of Eclipse.
This is the kind of thing I should receive notification for, not stupid jokes. 
Dog parks are amazing places to head to when you just need a bit of therapy for your soul and and don't own a dog of your own. 
Here's a news segment that was made about her a few years ago: https://youtu.be/Uh4eR8kZwHI
I got to meet another dog like this. He was a self taught scouting dog that worked for the Marine Corps. I met him at the last year of his life, god rest his soul. He use to go on foot patrols with the unit and fend off dogs and local afghans that got to close. Extremely hardworking and honestly If I could I would have a monument made for him at the Battalion I deployed with. To be fair we all didnt want him to be put down but the whole rabies issue was a health concern higher ups couldnt take a chance with. His name was Willy Pete, I have a couple pictures of him on an old hard drive, but here is a photo of some of the guys I worked in the same Battalion with and the legend himself. https://www.strategypage.com/gallery/images/willy-pete-afghanistan-dog-07-2011.jpg
How sad :( take your dog to the park or don't own a dog... anything could happen to it with nobody taking care of it.
She then walked herself home, ate a pizza and took a nap.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DBIX_Y-fT24
Does she also bag up and bin her own poops while she's there?
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.2933  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/70269)
I'll never understand how Reddit works. This picture and accompanying story is as old as the internet. I think I first saw it when I was on CompuServe. Yet here it is on "the front page of the internet" with 200k ups. ? Maybe I can blow up Reddit with a pic of grumpy cat. 
Labs are honestly just the best.
I wish I knew how to train my dog like this. 
Would love to sit next to her on the bus
Meanwhile most parents won't even let their kids go to the park by themselves... lol.
No matter how clever my dog was I just could not trust it walking alone in the streets, idiot drivers, thieves or people trying to feed and pet the dog. Too risky for me but none the less it's amazing that this dog is able to do so. 
I wonder if the bus drivers of that route think "boy, I hope she gets on my bus today"
It seems like these really cool stories and occurrences happen everywhere except my city. So everything is like, real, fake or "omg, how?" 
awwww, this is awesome. be safe, Eclipse!!! what a good dogger. 
A real life Carl!
Htf is that even possible? My puppy gives me a shit eating grin if I tell her to sit or to stop chewing my shoes ðŸ˜‚
Look at her face lol she's living the life 
don't really know why, but this just made my day. Want to pet.
The dog is smarter than me 
Doesn't every city, especially ones big enough for public transportation have leash laws?
I'm calling bullshit
I wish she had a GoPro on for a day to truly see her adventure
But but but who picks up her poop? 
Hey yesterday was an eclipse
goddamn it thats dangerous as fuck, some crazy homeless shitbag is gonna hurt that poor dog.
How sweet!! ðŸ˜„
Oh my DOG!
This really makes me smile. I wish we had more understanding people and doggos like this. 
Every now and then I feel like some Reddit posts should be deserving of two upvotes per person. This is one of those occasions. 
I hope she never gets hurt whilst doing this, what a smart and good dog
The alternative headline being about a dog owner that's so lazy the dog has taken to catching the bus alone in order to get some fresh air. 
You could almost say Eclipse is *IntelliJ*ent.

No one? Okay.
Lol sort of sad the dog has to take itself to the dog park. Sure it doesn't need its human, but some company is nice. 
Yes this is remarkable and cute, but I do think it's bad parenting. Yes I can teach my 4 year old to do the same and they'll probably be OK most of the time, but it's not a good idea. 
Stop starting sentences with "So"... you sound like an idiot.
Why would you start your comment with "So"? This is Eclipse etc... is correct.
And then there's my dog who's so fucking stupid he can't even learn the sit command
OMG I WISH MY TOWN HAD A DOG PLIKE THAT
What if God was one of us
Just a slob like one of us
Just a doggo on the bus
Trying to make her way home?
What a shitty owner to not be able to take the dog to the park. 
Making my way downtown, barking fast, woof woof I'm a dog with a buspass


Eclipse and the Mystery Soda are some of the only quarks Seattle has left.
What a smart dog!
The next time I hear about this dog, it'll probably be a post from someone saying that he died. I'm already getting pre-sad to prepare myself.  
We need to protect her what if she gets stolen :( 
I don't buy it
"Look, a dog that goes to the dog park by itself! Cool!"

"Look, a ten year old that goes to the park by herself! Call social services!"

wow its a dog big fuckin deal
Is this not illegal? 
I smell a bamboozle...
Somehow I think this would be normal in Japan 
Why did this title start with "so"?
Give it a month and you'll see her on your local news channel.
Last time I was with my Corgi in a bus in Seattle, the bus driver told me not to bring my dog to her bus because dogs are not allowed in Metro except for Service animals. I had to quit my job and look for another that is dog friendly and close to home which wasn't really easy. 
I don't know why, but this made me so incredibly sad. It's like... a dog with no human? I don't  really know why that response, but it's super sad. 
I downloaded this thread.
So wait.. someone actually spends the money to get their dog, their own bus pass?!
Ha, this is great. 
Where I live, if you take your dog on a bus with you, buy a bus pass, carry it in a doggy bag, simply, obide by all the regulations, there is always someone who will give you shit. 
I love posts like this. It gives me the feeling, hey, there really are nice places/communities/people/etc in the world.
Good for you doggo!
She must be incredibly smart to know bus routes and timing
I know this dog! She quite frequently visits us at RE-PC. She is a very mellow and sweet dog. She comes in looks for scratches from the staff, then finds a spot near the staff room to lay down and wait for her owner to finish shopping.
How do you even teach a dog to do this?
How do you dm someone 
We don't deserve dogs
That's one lazy owner haha
This is adorbs, but I get looks and comments when I let my pups run around without a leash NEXT TO ME... I can't imagine there hasn't been an asshole to report this to the police or animal control 
P U B L I C     T R A N S P O R T A T I O N     P U P P E R
I'm in Seattle for the summer! I need to find her!!
That is fucking adorable, holy shit I want to hug and pet that dog.
I wish the owner would put a GoPro on this dog. 
I would be so nervous letting my dog somewhere by his self. I cant imagine starting a routine like this.
That's amazing. I can't even take the bus
They are evolving...
Just wondering why she had to go by herself? Are her owners disabled? 
How does she get home?
She's such a good dog
My poor derpie dog would never be able to do this.  Oh well love her anyway.

And whoever said Seattleites are weird, I lived there until 20 and when I go back what strikes me is how grim and unhappy everyone is.  It's marked.
KISW's The Men's Room covered this story a couple years ago! Guess the dogs owner occasionally goes with, and on the dogs collar there's even a buss pass!
OMG THAT'S THE CUTEST THING I'VE EVER HEARD OF A DOG DOING
Reminds me of when I had no friends as a kid, and would sometimes go to the mini golf place by myself to hang out by myself. Thanks for that, brain.
Kind of bums me out that her human can't go with 
Reminds me of those wild dogs in Russia who take the subway to the city to beg for food.  They even sometimes miss their stops cause they pass out on the way XD
I would like to witness that myself. I think it's cool that it has become something natural.
So, how the hell did she learn this? 
I hope this isn't fake 
That dog is smarter than some of my friends... They can't ride a bus for their lives... End up somewhere in the middle of a field or something
The goodest girl
Is her human companion unable to go on walks with her? Just curious as to why she is alone, anyone know?
On the bus, no one knows you're a dog!
A function and productive citizen of this land. 
every single day?
Considering I live in Tacoma near Seattle Ima have to check this out any days eclipse always gets on the bus?
So cute â˜ºï¸
Seattle is a weird place loved it though stayed in bell town. I hope to go back soon but you never know too many places to see.
The bus drive  is in on it 
So how do they get her to go home? I have to drag my dogs away from the dog park or they'd just stay there forever. Lol. 
Why doesn't she have anyone to go with? :( 
Where is this?
Adorable story, but the dog probably takes a fat dump and nobody's around to clean it up. 

That's the first thing I thought of as a dog owner... :(
It's so funny she has to pay fare.
I love dogs so much. I have 2 black labs and I'm trying to find a corgi pup now!
Be safe, doggy
CUTENESS OVERLOAD 
One of my neighbors trained her dog to walk itself and he goes on walks every night at 8. It's so cute
It can be noticeable but Seattle will be milder than Denver.  You trade the rain for a gorgeous area.  When it's sunny it's so nice here and there is so many things to do outdoors.
This is so adorable
And she takes multiple stops! And knows where to get off. It's awesome.
Wow i can't even get my dog to fetch anything 
I dont even know her, but I love her.
I can't even take my dog on a bus here and yet this dog can get on a bus by itself?
I want my dog to do this
That Dog has more freedom then I had when I was 13
In DC it's illegal to have a pet unattended and not on a leash.  People who are scared of dogs probably were terrified
How does one even go about buying a bus pass for a dog? How much do you charge a dog?
Smart dog
[ABC News article on this awesome doggo!](http://abc13.com/pets/watch-dog-can-ride-bus-without-owner-to-dog-park/472964/)
This renders the bus unusable for people afraid of animals/dogs 

I'm a dog person but my mom is one of many who were traumatized by an early experience with a dog. In this case a dog mauled her sister. And to this day I have to stand between her and any dog we encounter that's not on a leash. And leave the area with her.

Dogs gotta be leashed on public transit if literally nowhere else. "It's a nice dog" ain't the point 
Someone should GoPro her adventures!
u/shittymorph
How do you train a dog to do this?
Until you realize the owner took the pic, and it's all an elaborate lie.  

This isn't saachan. Don't be fooled.
I'm too lazy to scroll through the messages but is the owner up for laziest dog owner of the year or what?
dog owners must be lazy fucks. maybe someone should bring the dog home and take it to the park regularly so it wouldn't need to walk itself.
Doesnt this dog belong to anyone?
No fucking way this is true
This is too good to be true!
Next trip to Seattle im meeting Eclipse.
I'm done!
How!?? Just how? Wut!?! 
Why doesn't her human take her to the dog park? I would be so nervous that someone would hurt her or steal her. 
Is your name Miles Montgomery?
SWEET BABY
What time does Eclipse ride the bus?
Player with no car = no bitches.
What's the back story? I'm curious why the dog goes by itself every day - where are it's humans? 

I wish they'd let my dog ride the bus. 
Well behaved than 80 percent of the rest of the bus
What a sweet puppy
When animals are taking the bus to work, you know we are living in the Last Days :-p
Does she have a job to get to? 
I would like to see humans become chill enough that we can live in harmony with the animals who "get it"

This is fantastic! 
We need a video.
How does she know when to get off? If she can do it by herself, that's pretty smart. 
omg
I wish I had a dog like that that's amazing that the dog is able to do that itself.
I hope she picks up her own poop.
This is incredible.  At the same time it's kinda like, the fucks up with the parents?  I'd just be to nervous.
I wonder why there are no bus riding dogs in detroit, baltimore or johannesburg
People don't try to steal the dog and/or the bus pass??? I wouldn't but where I'm from someone would.
Yup dirty to the core like the rest of you baby boomers... lol replied to the wrong thread I have drunken millennial fingers we like to just point the blame any direction 
love
Come on. 
