[deleted]
Seriously thought Camus was a small fluffy dog until I saw the close-up at the end!
why did the chicken cross the street? 

Peter is home <3
Never knew I wanted this until now.
I run like this when they announce we can eat the scraps from the higher ups meeting and breakfast.
Back when I was a young tike (maybe 5) I had chickens. One in particular was my pal and would let me hold him and would romp around with me. One day I go to pick him up and the fucker pecks me right in the nose one side of the beak on the inside the other on the outside and would not let go, I was running around screaming bloody murder with a fucking chicken hanging from my nose. Come to find out I picked up the wrong damn chicken. Left me with a perfect V scar on my nose for many years.

I picture the chicken with every waddle-step saying, "PeterPeterPeterPeterPeter....PETERR!!!"
["Is that a real animal?"](https://youtu.be/QtxcWZNZ6Yc)

-Ali G
Wow that kid with the haircut grew up fast.
Expected a dog or a cat, got a chicken instead. Still very cute.
Albird Camus? 
My brother had a pet rooster like this named RooRoo. RooRoo made friends with my brother because the alpha male named Buck wouldn't let him near the hens. Buck was really mean to RooRoo and would bloody his face up if he tried to get with one of the hens. Every day my brother would get off the bus from school he would yell "ROO ROO ROO ROO!!" and that rooster would come running up the hill every single time as fast as he could, would run up to my brother, dance around him in a circle, and allow him to be picked up and petted... we went out one Christmas morning and called for RooRoo and he never came... we found a mound of his Rhode island red feathers on the hill where he would meet my brother.. Bobcat got him : ( 
Camus is a pet right? Like, they aren't going to eat him one day? 


Edit: thanks for all of the assurances that this little guy isn't destined for the dinner table. I breath a little easier now.
They are so sweet and curious. I love them.
Awwwwee.  I had chickens like that before.  I think they were called Silkies?  Great pets.  My brother kept two in his room.  They were tiny little fellas, though.  They lay tiny eggs!
My favourite thing about this all is there's a truly visceral story in Albert Camus' The First Man about him having to behead a chicken in his family home to kind of ascend into being the "man" of the family. He writes how he despised the moment because he didn't want to kill the chicken because he hated the concept of being directly accountable for the end of a life... All those years later, Camus has got his retribution, in a truly wholesome fashion.
The little dude sprinted! 
Oh my goodness, his silly run 😊
We don't deserve animals 😭
Because I was expecting a dog I thought it was a "special" dog that didn't run right. Then I felt ashamed when I saw that cock
worst cameraman of 2017
This is a Silkie Bantam Chicken! Their feathers are like soft fur and their skin is black underneath. They're supposed to make excellent pets too. I officially want one! You can learn about them [here](http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/5200292) 
What does that chicken do all day, and how can the man wait for him all day. 
That run with those little chicken legs 😍
I had no idea chickens could form attachments to humans
I never realized how funny chickens looked when sprinting forward, maybe because I am more used to see them running away or running sideways, but never towards me(forever alone).
Yet another reason I treat chickens like I treat dogs: With love and not eating them. 
Am now vegetarian. 
Camus: The existencialist chicken.
And... now I'm going vegetarian... thanks Reddit
A chicken called Camus? How absurd
I assumed Camus was a puppy. I thought, "aww what a fluffy puppy except he's not running as fast as he can wait is that a chicken yup that's a chicken okay I guess he is running as fast as he can"
Thank a lot, I can't eat chicken anymore. 
Ow come hims is wearin' that?!?
I wish someone loved me as much as that chicken loves him :(
What kind of dog is this
Looks like a chocobo when it's running.
Every day. 
Great now I can't eat chicken anymore. Thanks.
Watching a chicken run has never been so adorable until now
I spent WAY too much time trying to figure out what an "Everyday Camus" was.

(Apparently I need more coffee.)

&nbsp;

^(Nope to OP: "Every day, Camus waits patiently...")
God damn it reddit don't make me want to give up chicken too. 
Ok. Who else doesn't have their glasses on and thought it was a dog?
Cute dog but weird chicken costume..
I don't ever want to eat a chicken again. 
TIL chickens have the cognitive ability to form emotional attachments to non-chickens.
http://i.imgur.com/XMCfkRx.gifv
My heart 🐓
Fuck now I can't eat chicken anymore. Add it to the list
Man Peter seems 😎. 
Looks like im vegan now
Sigh...I guess I can't eat chicken anymore. 
[removed]
Never thought chickens were cute before.  Now I do.
Why did Camus cross the road?
Because this act was at the core of his radical self and free from societal influence... and Peter was home.
Crap. Are we supposed to eat animals that are capable of having Peters?
Damn this made me want to go vegan
Every day.

Everyday means "common".
*Every day.
[removed]
He understands the absurdity of greeting a human, yet he does it anyway.
It always amazes me how intelligent animals are as a whole, if they could only speak to us, it would be amazing.
This is putting an unexpected guilt factor of my crispy chicken sandwich here. 
I keep seeing posts like this about happy chickens and pigs and other animals. I'm very close to turning full vegetarian :X
Most people would never eat animals if they knew that most can love like any pet
Why do we eat them and not keep them as pets? 
Now I feel bad for eating chickens... 
This guy knows how to pick up chicks.
everyday(adjective): used or seen every day : suitable for every day   

every day(phrase): day after day after day
And here I thought chickens were mean, onoxious, loud jerks with no intelligence. Chicken was the only kind of meat I still eat.... Thanks Reddit. -_-
"Everyday Camus" ... interesting name!
Literally thought I was the only person that wore saucony jazz 
[removed]
Why is the world conspiring to make me vegetarian?
Brown chook don't give a fuck
I love this !
That's a slow dog if that's as fast as it can run. 
Wow i am on mobile and thought that was a fluffy white puppy for a second. I cant say that i am disappointed
How long do chickens live for?
Can somebody please point out that "everyday" as one word is an adjective, making this post sound like the name is "Everyday Camus," and upvote it to be one of the top comments here?

The phrase OP was looking for is "Every day, Camus..."
Seems fitting for a chicken named after an existential philosopher.
I had a silkie chicken that would run up to me and sit on my feet every time I went outside. They're very friendly. 
That is cute 🙂
This wins the internet today.
This is the third cute chicken post I've seen this weekend. I'm losing my appetite for chicken
Recently got our first flock. They currently run that fast away from me. :(
The camera seems to be focused on Peter's butt for unnecessarily long.
heh, so, you don't eat them and they run to you all happy like.  this might more more effective than any PETA ad.
every day*

Everyday is an adjective that means commonplace.
Ok that's it. You convinced me. I'm becoming a vegetarian. 
Starting today I will quit eating chicken. 
The chicken thinks peter's eggstraordinary!
Great.  Now I have to stop eating chicken.
how t rexs dinosaurs used to run 
What the hell Peter, you have three feet long legs, and you're just gonna squat there and make me run to you?

This is meant to be a two way relationship, Peter!
Can somebody tell me what kind of dog that is? 
Feeling rather emotionally fragile today, and this made me cry haha

I didn't realize roosters could be happy to see their owners. 
Me watching this: Man that dog doesn't run very fast and has a weird gait... oh.
Wat kind of dog is this?
That's a weird looking dog
I had a pet chicken that grew up with me from an egg. 
He would always want to go between my undershirt and dress shirt and just stay there, poking his head through the space between the buttons.
still a better love story than twilight
I love it when unusual pets show affection.
🅱️ok
What is that shitty camera angle?? Didn't even get the moment Peter hoped into his arms. I'm so disappointed. 
I fully expected Camus to be a cute fluffy white dog.  We raised chickens when I was a kid, and I have NEVER seen a chicken be affectionate like this one is!!
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get his bud Peter's side. 
And THAT's why the chicken crossed the road folks!
I love when animals stoically stare into the distance after being picked up.  
Why does this make me so happy?
*Why did the chicken run down the middle of the road?*

To greet a friend. 
> Camus: BOK BOK BOK BOK

> Peter: bok bok bok? 

> Camus: BOK BOK BOK BOK

> Peter: bok bok bok! 
So this post just reaffirmed my decision to get a pet chicken...
But one day, one cloudy day, Peter did not return. 
It was that day, a white-bearded colonel started his rampage and left thousands of chicken lovers in tears.
Peters kinda sexy 
Aaand I'm switching to free range eggs
I moved from CA at 10 to Austin, TX.
We had chickens and they all came running towards me when I came home. Not to mention the great dane and boxer.
Great camera work towards the end there. It's always hard to find the angle that blocks all of the action.
Anyone who names a chicken "Camus" is okay in my book.
Are chickens really capable of having emotional attachment? Do they like behind held and genuinely care for their owners?
This proves that even what we consider mindless animals they still have the capacity to love. Stop eating animal products. It is okay, we have conquered the ability to survive in nature so it's not necessary anymore. End the habit.
Oh my goodness! Not going to lie I teared up at the cuteness 
What kind of dog is this?
one way to secure your life 
[removed]
Is the camera guy afraid of the chicken? 
Is there a subrredit specific for horrible cameramen? #horrible
Well, they're also pets, so I assume they live a long happy life. My mom has a farm like this, she would never eat her babies. Her selling eggs also helps to mitigate the cost of keeping the chickens, so she can buy feed and medicine for them when they get sick.

If you know where the eggs are coming from, and you know the conditions they live under, eating eggs should be fine, because biologically its basically menstruation for chickens
That chicken is more sportive than me. 
I thought it was a dog!!
I've always heard that silkies were sweethearts! :)
94 comments and not a single updoot?
oh, toy poodle. Nic... oh wait, thats a chicken :|
A good example of Stockholm syndrome.
[deleted]
That is a strange looking dog
Albert.
Naruto anime is lit
Camus, what an absurd name for a chicken!
OHBOYOHBOYOHBOYOHBOYOHBOYOHBOYOHBOY - chicken probably 
[Peter, we brought you this chicken](https://youtu.be/W2w3H_oLSIU?t=2m51s)
r/killthecameraman
This is just plain absurd! (Get it? Albert Camus.)
That chicken's life is absurd
That chicken can run faster than me
Please tell me the other chicken is called Sartre. 
I want someone to love me like Camus loves Peter.
That is one funny looking dog, man.
I knew chickens were good people.
For a solid 3 minutes I genuinely thought that was just a really fucked up dog.
I miss my white crested black polish chickens.  I would come home and whistle for them in the front of our house and they would run from the back yard up the side of our deck, though our workshop/car port area, up the driveway and find me in the front of the yard.  It always amazed me they could find me because it was a pretty difficult and long path for a chicken to find, let alone all for of them to follow.
 
They would come and swarm me for a while and roost on me for a bit and then I'd toss out some spent/used oats from beer making and they would peck away and hang out in the front yard for a few hours.  Everyone in the neighboorhood loved them too because they were so friendly and curious.  People could walk up to them and pet them or just watch them as they wondered around the yard / sidewalks.
 
Such a good breed and so much enjoyment.
"every day" is two words in this context
Is peter 14 or 40
I cannot for the life of me distinguish where Camus's head is
Peter is a chick magnet. 
Is he going to lose his memory and change his name to Zeke?
"What kind of dog is this?"
Happy Father's Day Peter
[Friends, not food](http://i.imgur.com/dB5Lnp6.gifv)
"chicken make lousy house pet."
At first I was like "even little dogs can run faster than that, what's up with this little poof ball?" 
Was expecting Peter to be a lot younger. 
We must protect Camus at all costs.
I love silkies. They really are the sweetest breed of chicken.
Is that an avian doge?
Peter could have walked toward Camus a bit so it didn't have to waddle so far on its bird legs to greet him.
This one's a survivor 
I wished the camera caught the hug instead of the back. 
We have a Blue Wyandotte that does this. She will sneak into the house just to be near us. Chickens are awesome pets. 
Why did the chicken cross the road? For Peter.
Why did the chicken run down the road?

To feel some Peter.
That's fucking love.
The running itself toward the owner is enough to fill a man's heart. One must imagine camus happy.
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0526 .message here.12186)
wo
What sort of dog is that?
Oh my how wonderful❣️🙂🙋🏼
That kid looks 40
Guess I can't eat chicken anymore
that's a weird looking dog
That's a weird looking dog 
A chicken called Camus. That's absurd 😛. 
That guy is a lot older than I pictured in my head
damn it's so sweet!
Terrible camera work! We missed the hug
That is the absolute sweetest!!!!
Holy crap this brings back memories. When I was a kid I raised a chicken her name was Mama Chick. She would do the same thing and fall asleep in my arms. I think she lived for about 8 years or so.
saw some depressing fked up shit on reddit and then this popped up and made it better ty for the eyebleach 
 I need chicken hugs now 🐔 
I was watching this gif while Rocket Brothers by Kashmir was playing in the background. It really sets the mood man
Ouuuch my heart 😍 i used to have chicken as a child
Camus would really be a more appropriate name if Peter never actually showed up. 
Am I the only one who was expecting the chicken to run right past him and not give a single fuck?
Naming a chicken Camus?

How Absurd.
Look at this lil chicken aww u/lexapro99
It's even funnier watching the second time knowing it's a chicken and not a tiny dog.
Camus on Dogsoul* #TheSustainableAct 
HIP HOP HIP HIP HOP HIP HOP HOP HIP
Modern day Myth of Sisyphus perhaps? :)
nice
Today i learned the S is silent in Camus.
D'aww, who's a good dino?
Aww! That waddle run is the best!
and she just said dont kill me bro
Well TIL chickens can be adorable too. 
Somebody needs to edit a big explosion in the background.
TIL Earth's atmosphere miniaturizes Tauntauns.
Never thought a cock would get 51k upvotes on reddit. 
Hachiko *cries in Japanese*
this subreddit is truly special.  a real diamond in the rough, surrounded by a digital battle royale. r/laww consistently tosses the competition over the top rope.

about every week or so, i see the cutest thing i've ever laid eyes on. and then the next week a new champion, and so on and so forth. aww is a gift that just keeps on giving. 
That's a funny dog.    
    
Oh it's not a dog.
That chicken's little chicken pants are so dumb looking, but in a cute, endearing sort of way.
Why does this fill my heart so much
"Everyday Camus waits patiently..."

At first I thought the chicken's name was "Everyday Camus", as if there were a "Fancy Sartre" for weekends.
This melted my heart. 
When I was 10, I had a pet chicken that I would take care of that I called Disability. She had a crooked beak that made it hard for her to eat, so my grandpa and I would put her in the feed bin so she could eat her fill. 

Eventually I stopped visiting as often, but she would sit on my grandparents porch and wait for me. I loved that chicken.. 
I didn't know chickens liked to be held. I still wouldn't go around hugging random chickens, but this is so heart-warming!
Even though Camus knows it is absurd, he does it everyday. 
reminds me of the pet chicken I had when I was a kid. She would follow me everywhere, including on my paper route, running right behind me the whole way. She also loved to play kick ball - I have a red rubber ball I would roll away and she would chase it and kick it back to me, over and over, like a dog. Miss that chicken still!
Sartre is smarter, but Camus'll do
still more affectionate than a cat.
I didn't know T-rexs liked humans.
hot asphalt?
That's absurd.
Reddit loves chicken greetings. I need to make a video of a chicken greeting a discovered safe that's painted vantablack.
Now I feel guilty for ever eating chicken. 
One day I want someone to love me as much as that chicken loves that man
There​ are always videos of humans staying still while their beloved pet expresses their love by running towards them from a great distance. For once I'd love to see the human also running toward their pet showing them the same gratitude and excitement. 
I love Camus' fluffy pants.
r/olderthanyouthought
Everyday Camus is a weird name 
"Why is him wearin dat?!" https://youtu.be/QtxcWZNZ6Yc
Camus: Four time winner of the /r/Justfuckmyshitup Olympics.
That run is fucking precious.
Stop putting chickens near your faces dipshits
Chocobo racing?
"One must imagine the chicken crossing the road happy."
That is one weird dog 
So fast so quick
does chicken even have brain capability to recognize people? O.o

very cool
This is awesome. I had no idea chickens can be like this.
I thought Peter was a young boy until the camera came around 
Doh!! How freaking adorable!!??!!
Is that a Silky chicken? I just got 3 Silky chicks and have been handling them every day in hopes that they turn out like this!
"Everyday Camus" is gonna be my rapper name.
Never thought I'd "aww" over a chicken...
[deleted]
ya'll consider this a date?
"Everyday Camus" is a weird name
The little waddle killed me with cuteness. I. Need. It. 
So cute!
How to not get eaten 101
Was about to say big deal my dog does this everyda...
The more I look at the title the more I want the chicken's name to be "Everyday Camus" 
Chickens make wonderful pets.
There is a really good chance i will never be a vegetarian but this did slide it up a few percentage points 
That's what I call... FAST FOOD
HA HA HAA HAA HAHA HA...ha...ha...




aww :/
Why did the chicken cross the road? Obviously to get a little Peter.
Fly, you fool.
That's no Stranger.
Couldn't even meet him half way.... You call yourself a friend.
Maybe meet the damn chicken halfway once in a while, ass 
I need more Camus and Peter please!
Great way for the chicken to be sure not to be eaten.
Pretty sure I just read an article about salmonella outbreaks due to people cuddling chickens.

That said, cute bird.
Well we know one chicken that isn't on the menu
I'm gonna be that guy and point out that "everyday" is an adjective so the title should read "Every day,".
As someone with a family member who owns chickens, I can say that chickens are some of the most affectionate creatures in the world.
Proof that Birds can feel love. 
Proof we humans should not eat or fight them,  or pluck their feathers causing excruciating pain. 
#Friendly Animal lover❤
[removed]
Camus, you just saved yourself from a dinner plate.
What an ugly dog
It's been a nice week Camus, and you got me up votes and shit, but Fathers day supper time is almost upon us.
"That's a cute lil poodle..." wait.
Everyday Camus is a pretty weird name, even for a chicken.
The way Camus runs 😍
Seriously... chickens are amazing! All 29 of my birds come running for me, they make me eggs, eat bugs and weeds, and follow me like dogs. ❤❤
My chickens are all hateful assholes. 
Can't eat 'em. 
How Not to Get Eaten 101
#chickenslivesmatter
TIL: How to avoid the chopping block
Why are you forcing me to become vegan! 
Later that [day](http://i.imgur.com/XA9K22q.gif)
This new wave of farm animals being depicted as cute is doing more than most vegan or vegetarian movements
It looks like a mascot. lol
and here I thought I was in the fire emblem heros subreddit...
Conditioning love
An Absurdly Heroic sight.
I wish someone loved me as much as Camus loves Peter <3
cool
I hope that he doesn't catch a chill when he gets inside the church
You've got a friend in me.
What's the fly's name that came to hug Peter on the back before Camus got to him? 
strange they took the "butt crack" filming angle, but still cute lol
Based on how it was running I thought it was a puppy 
That is very sweet. Made my shitty day quite decent now.
How do we know Peter isn't the chicken and Camus is the human? 
More proof why animals are way better than people! I want a camus to run to me and give me a big fluffy chicken hug!
I want someone to want me like Peter and Camus
This is adorable, but remember, live poultry can carry Salmonella bacteria too. You shouldn't pet your chickens but if you do, make sure to thoroughly was your hands after. Hospitals are seeing more and more cases of this because of urban farming 
And everyone expected a dog!
Huh, never seen that breed of dog. What is it?
Am I the only one who thought this was the same kid who's chicken pet hestitated to hug him coz he had a different haircut, but eventually did? It seemed fishy that he grew up this fast. 
Oh man I could watch that chicken run forever. Thankfully we have GIFs. 
This deserves more up votes than it has!  That's one happy bird.
Camus, what a legend name! 
My chicken does the same exact thing. There's like 10 of them. Helen is the only one who comes running. 

edit: not gonna lie either... Helen is a fair bit prettier than this guy too.
Love chickens. Best little pals
Chickens only run that fast from fear or to food! That's love!
Why is him wearing that?
NO, NO, NO WAIT, THIS IS NOT RIGHT!

Camus is a french writer, this is clearly a bird. Most likely, chicken.
I love Chickens so much. My parents brought 8 tiny chicks home just over a year ago and now they are beautiful chickens. Sadly they built them a fence around their coop recently, they still have a good amount of room but they don't roam the backyard and they can't run to the sliding glass door when I open it now :( Hopefully in the summer I'll get to play with those badass birds some more 
Peter and his chicken..never seen them that peaceful
made me smile
That was so adorable. I can just imagine the *bok bok bok* while running towards him.
Thought Camus had a head wound with that closer look. 
I'm so jealous. I only got cat-like chickens. Where do I get these dog-chickens?
i luv when my chickens zoom around full speed they look lik little veloceraptors
im often confused by chickens filight-ability. How far could that chicken fly? If peter was across a river, could it flap over that? 
Adorable 
[I knew this looked familiar](http://i.imgur.com/oyPFqcv.gif)
He is the stranger.
That's a silkie chicken. They are supposed to be lap chickens or the golden retrievers of the chicken world. I doubt it's for meat they aren't really meaty 
This is what I imagine Miss Fame's life was like at her farm 
I love that you named your chicken camus. Great choice. 
I was expecting a dog but hell I wasn't disappointed
God bless silky bantams
The last thing I expected was a chicken. Even a T-rex would have had me less surprised. 
Campus should watch out for oncoming cars.
This is cute and all, but I'm incredibly allergic to chickens so this is actually a scene straight from one of my nightmares. 
Ah man, I keep chickens and I am So Good to them. And they hate me. Like, really and truly, they think I'm the devil. I've had chickens I've never previously met receive me better than my own birds. 
Up doot for feels
This may have been the first time I've ever heard of the name Camus
Never befriend your dinner - Dad
It looks like a farmer's stepford wife.
Immediate reaction, "awwww" *looks at subreddit* damnit, now it's cliche.. *aw* :(
he could run faster 
I LOVE THIS 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
Like Albert Camus, the philosopher?
I thought that was a fluffy little dog!
i think he's just the hungry one 
What kind of dog is that?
My only hope is a big crowd of spectators are at my execution and greet me with cries of hate
to think that these guys used to roam the Earth
so magnificent~~~
Camus will always protect his home, whether or not it's become corrupt
Running chickens are too funny haha.
why isnt the top comment "run Forest run"
Camus knows what is up.  Get in good with the boss and everyone else goes to the pot first.
Sic semper tyrannosaurus
That chicken has a plan, that plan is to not be food!
I just wanna huh dat ting
I'm getting myself a chicken!!
Awesome
Flying is faster. 
What a pretty silkie!
Is this the beekeeper guy from yesterdays post?  Pretty cool
So awesome 😍
Recording him from behind wasn't the best decision... Feels like he is hiding a bag of chicken feed.
The real plot twist was the man, thought he was kid who gets home from school every day. Nope. 
Thats an actual motha fuckin chicken.
That is a funny looking cat .... oh
When i get home the only thing that greets me is the smell of a shit that my cat left in my room
I definitely thought Peter was a 12 year old boy
I expected a dog but I'm ok with this
Where's the damn source video?
What a great way to start my morning. 
I actually used to have a pet chicken. Her name was Colonel Sanders. She would do the exact same thing everyday. 
Hey Peter, where the fuck  are my kids? 
How sweet! Where did you come up with the name Camus? That's one of my favorite wines it's just spelled differently:)
Jesus i think this is Stefan Lessard of Dave Matthews Band
My mom has chickens.  Her one Catalana hen loves me and will run from wherever she's hiding to greet me when she knows I'm over.  She'll come sit on my lap and demand to be petted. Mom also used to have a silkie, Henny, that would love being picked up and held like a dog. Silkies tend to be more of a friendly breed. Catalanas I always thought were more skittish but birds are weird and pick their people.  

Mom's Cornish hen however was a dick and would become very broody. She'd attack anyone who came near her pen.  It all depends on the breed and how they're raised.
I really thought that was going to be a kid. Then he just got older the more the camera swung around.
r/masterreturns
I'm afraid of chickens and roosters.
Anyone else thought Peter was going to be a teenager?
Why is it's face covered in poop
I wondered if the other chickens view him in the same light as Samuel Jackson's character was viewed in Django by the other slaves.
That's cus everyone likes to be the small spoon, even chickens. 
PETER.. Quit choking that chicken
i expected some young teen only to see some hard working man
My town is currently debating on allowing backyard chickens, maybe this video will convince them! :D
Aww, chickens can be great pets and loving.
Gobble gobble gobble yaaaaaaaay!
Peter looks like JFK
Hey, I have those same jeans. Neat
Anyone else appreciate the Calvin and Hobbes vibe of the duo of Peter and Camus? 
Silkies are the best!
My grandmother grew up in Roanoke, Virginia and had chickens, as did many of her neighbors.
   
They were used for eggs, and occasionally killed for meat. Except for her pet chicken. It was white and would wait for her at the bus stop at the end of her dirt driveway.
   
Didn't figure there'd be a relevant situation to tell that story on reddit, but here we are
When and how did this start?
Now I know the real inspiration for the Chicken Run movie.  Camus, the fastest 30m dash chicken in America.  

Producers decided to take film in a different direction...
Camus can do, but Cartre is smartre.
Awe this reminds me of a story my grandma told me. She had a chicken called Wanda in the 30s who would wait for her to come home from school everyday. One day the chicken went missing. The next day the family dog also went 'missing.'
Me: Is that... is that a dog? Cat? Pig maybe?
(Camera goes around) Well whaddaya know...
It would be my luck to get reincarnated as a bird and still have to run like a fat turd. 
Silkies are pretty colol , mines just run away in fear
What kind of dog is that?
That's how I expect a T-Rex to run!
Everyday Camus? Is that the title of a reader for intro to philosophy?
*expects it to be another stereotypical cute dog video* "huh that dog looks weird...HOLY SHIT IT'S A CHICKEN!"
Chicken run 2 looks really great
Wow i thought peter was a young boy
This is amazing 
Ah jeez. This made my morning. ☺️
r/zoomies
That's Nigel 
That's quite possibly the ugliest dog I've ever seen. 

... what's that?

... oh. 
Did anyone else think Peter was like a 12 year old boy home from school?
Hey man! Oh shit its so good to see you, I'm so happy to see you every day. We're best friends! We're best friends right? ^^please ^^don't ^^eat ^^me
Holy shit I look so similar to the guy in this video
 FccYou Codd
What kind of dog is this?
Damn, Seth Myers... I mean Peter has a pet chicken?
At Peter's house Peter doesn't come to dinner, dinner comes to Peter. 
I had this happen with a chicken back when I was young. Everyday when I got home from high school she would come running across the yard to greet me. It's totally as amazing as it sounds; I miss Big Butt.
I was not expecting the man child at the end. 
I am happy now.
I actually just heard on NPR that the CDC urges people not to cuddle chickens.
Everytime I say I want chickens, people tell me how dirty they are and how it's not safe to handle them?
Awesome cuteness!

That's adorable 
Two days later it was on the shelves of a grocery store
Remind of that chicken boy movie. 
And that's how you get salmonella
Bock in German is a gnarly ass beer that gets ya drunk, bitch!
Omg I want a Silkie! 
That's a weird looking dog
i knew this would be a weird animal since OP didn't say what it was in the title
The gif was loading and I was totally expecting a dog so the chicken was a very pleasant surprise!!! I actually think I like this more than if it was really a dog :D
That's not a chicken, it's a rabbit with fucked up ears 
[deleted]
There is only one really serious philosophical problem, and that is the problem of BAWWWKcluckcluckcluck
Dibs on "Everyday Camus" as a band name!
Is is going to end with him eating Camus?
Why would you name your chicken "Everyday Camus"???
Everyday is an adjective. Every day is an adverb.
When I was a kid, I raised a chicken from egg & hand fed him. He also did this when I came home from school :-)
Excellent camera work. I like how you captured the moment of their embrace.
Every day*

Not everyday 
Thought it was a dog. Lolol
Whoever shot this video , couldn't you just turn a little sideways ? cute anways
Day is a noun.  

Everyday is an adjective.  


Weird looking dog
That is top chicken
[Ali G had a run in with Camus many years ago. Check it out has you ever seen anything like that?](https://youtu.be/7DX78VYQNus?t=3m54s)
He's wearing like little pants!
ctrl + f for "CDC"...

well, I ain't gonna be THAT guy.
Do chickens feel affection? Like, I know we tend to humanize animals when we see something like this but this looks pretty affectionate.
My chickens just show their breasts
Damn dude! I want a chicken so badly. 
🅱️eter
That made my morning.
Silkie Roosters are the best.
That's awesome
That's one ugly dog 
Which is not very fast.
i can't tell if peter is 16 or 56?
Considering the waiting, you really should have gone with Beckett rather than Camus.
/u/ebrown97 what kind of dog is this?? 
I'm so envious of people with Chickens. 
Those are going to be some tough drumsticks. 
Is this a certain type of chicken? I plan on having cows, chickens, solar, and my own water source from a well. I ask because that's awesome! I thought chickens had short memory, but to have one greet you. Inform me :). I like to have my own chickens. And to have one that recognizes you is awesome
Ours is a forbidden love 
Truly some of the worst camera work I've ever seen. What are you doing man??
CH-CH CH-CH-CHICKEN!!!!! 
I need to learn to read the entire headline before I let my brain wander.  I'm ashamed to admit I spent a little too long trying to figure out what a 'Camus' was, and what the difference could possibly be between an 'everyday camus' and a camus only used for special occasions.  

Aww it is so cute... still wanna eat it though.
[removed]
Expected to be a 14 year old kid from the back, turned out to be a 48 year old man from the front
Aww I had a cat named Camus 
T H I C C
Fast-food.
Peter... what.. what are you eating there?
Camus, who also goes by Sirius, and also sometimes Zeke, but only if he's lost his memories.
What breed of dog is that?
Sweet camera angle...
Oh Suki , she pecks grapes out of anywhere I put em ....anywhere 
This is why he crossed the road...
bok
Wtf is that thing
"Oh wow thats a tiny pood- oh"
Hate that the camera didn't show the moment when Peter goes into the arms of Camus ;(
Gonna be a shame when Peter's hungry for some chicken.
What I thought that was a dog until the camera showed him holding Camus.
Miss Fame in a few years 
The only thing my silkie chicken ever ran for was the food bowl
Awww I wish my chickens were like that. They'll run to me as soon as I get home, but if i don't instantly give them treats they don't care and the pick them up. :(
You named a chicken Camus? That's absurd
Im glad youre home , bok bok.
As the gif was loading, I was so sure that the crouching person was going to run after his best friend after spotting him. 
*Every day
He looks older, so he'll be a good soup bird. 
I know it's a chicken, but my brain is unable to recognise its head at the end. What are we looking at there? I can't find its face or its beak or anything...
Do chickens like being held?
Chicken chaser look at the chicken run, fable anyone aww I miss that game.
Camus is playing the long game. No way Peter will eat him now.
Had some Family Guy flashbacks when I realized a chicken was running at a guy named Peter. Feared it would be the longest GIF ever...
The other chicken couldn't give a flying cluck that Peter is home. 
D'awwwwww! :D
Any animal will do this if you train it with food everytime you show up
The confederate flag and portapotty really make this gif.
I'm eating leftover KFC right this second. Now I feel bad.
Please, please, please tell me that him doing this every day and being *thrilled* is why you named him Camus.
the rooster be like "Look at us fuckers! this is my boy peter!"
Are chicken really capable of emotional bonding? They seems so purely instinctual to me.
Hey 🅱eter...
From the Wikipedia article about [Silkies](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Silkie):

"In addition to their distinctive physical characteristics, Silkies are well known for their calm, friendly temperament. It is among the most docile of poultry."

Now I want a yard full of Orpingtons and Silkies.
Glad to see Peter and the giant chicken finally made up after all these years, and all the fighting. 
That is the ugliest dog I've ever seen.  
