The elephant is Chendra. She was born in Malaysia and found orphaned and injured. She's blind in one eye and was a poor candidate for release so she came to Portland in 1999. You can always tell which one is her because she's so small and hairy. Those sea lions aren't there anymore. Seals are in their place.
"Boy it's good to see you! I thought they were taking me to see regular Lions and I said are you fucking serious?"
Im going to free you dude, these humans are showing me the place im making a map in my head, never forget.
Why is there no video/gif of this baby elephant meeting other animals?!?!?!
Ocean dog meets land whale
People often forget that these two animals share a common ancestor; the elephant seal.

Due to this connection they have the ability to communicate telepathically and are known to remember each other's birthdays and favorite shows to binge on Netflix. 
Looks like this might be the source: [http://www.oregonzoo.org/gallery/images/chendra-asian-elephant-comes-face-face-gus-sea-lion-during-one-her-morning-walks](http://www.oregonzoo.org/gallery/images/chendra-asian-elephant-comes-face-face-gus-sea-lion-during-one-her-morning-walks).
[Chendra's story](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rrj1XxQ2InQ) 
TIL that Oregon Zoo animal handlers have the best ideas!
Trunk bump 
A lion? In the sea? I have to see this! - elephant probably
[deleted]
Something about the fact that the zoo animal is walking around the zoo to look at other animals feels very confusing, beautiful, and meta for me. 
There has been a lot of cute elephant content on the front page recently, and I'm really enjoying it.  

more please
This is beautiful! I really hope other zoos can incorporate this to whatever extent possible. 
Pure fucking joy on this elephants face. Makes me all warm and stuff. Wish someone looked at me like that. Lol 
This is great. The look on both their faces is priceless. 
HAPPY BIG BOYE
Elephants are such amazing animals! I love them with all my heart. 
This is amazing
Oh Gallowboob, I never complain about your reposts, but this is Chendra. She's blind in one eye and came on Reddit awhile back. Like a year or so ago. I'm on mobile and can't link, but she was deemed unfit to be released into the wild and was sad so she was walked around the zoo to cheer her up. There are other pics of her walking around the zoo and meeting people.
Cool to think it's one of the few elephants in the world's history to see sea lions swim underwater
That moment when are thats can have did

edit: is*

fuck people. Animals have feelings. Dont ever let anybody tell you otherwise. 
Better take her swimming trunks!
Ahh that's so cute
Aww that is super cute, it's like she has a massive grin on her, so nice!
Oregon Zoo's facebook is concentrated aww
Sounds like a very 'Oregon thing to do.'
Now i just want to see the reaction of other curious species taken on a tour around the zoo. Orangutans would be awesome
Awesome... Just occurred to me how some animals on this planet would never see each other!!!
Elephants are extremely beautiful creatures. They are extremely intelligent as well. If you ever have doubts that animals have feelings...watch videos of elephants. They will blow your mind with how extraordinary they truly are.
Look at the joy on that elephant's face! "Wow! Look at you!"
You've done it again, Mr. Boob!
I wonder if the Elephant knows the Sea Lion is in water or is just floating majestic beast. 
'WHY THE FUCK DO YOU GET TO ROAM FREELY????"

-Sea Lion probably
> The sea lions were her favorite.

The sea lion visit was the cutest picture.

FTFY
What a cute picture! The look on her face is priceless! 
*smashes through glass to meet new friend*
I fucking love elephants. Beautiful creatures.
This is awesome, she looks very happy, hopefully her life there is good.
Ohhh my gooooooodness!!!!!! Ok so I know that animal facial expressions aren't the same as ours but I swear in this case it's the same: she looks so happy and surprised and mesmerized. Bless them for loving her enough to give her that experience. 
[deleted]
Wow, make-a-wish is really branching out, huh?
I frequent this zoo a lot. WHERE WAS I WHEN THEY WERE WALKING AROUND WITH AN ELEPHANT?!?!
BREAKING NEWS: Top Republican meets with Seal Team 6

Yes, I know it's a sea lion. Just go with it.
Pure happiness. Right there. Baby made a friend :*)
Video please!
I need videos. 
Aww.  Makes me happy sad. 
I was having an incredibly shitty day but this completely turned my day around. What a cutie.
http://i.imgur.com/YKVVd2n.gifv
Zoo's should have events where they let you watch intelligent animals experience new things they haven't experienced before.  I'd watch that over a dirty panda lickin himself any day.
I went to the zoo in Hawaii, and had an interaction like this with a tiger. Except, being around cats, I'm convinced the tiger was making a plan how to shred me apart. It took a few nervous strolls back and forth, and just stared at me with menacing intent.. Its the only time in my life I had the feeling of being prey, and few seconds away from death. I did a double take on the enclosure. Thanks zoo, for letting me experience a feeling familiar to my primitive ancestors.  Its the opposite of aww. 
What would happen if 2 ton elephant was not so impressed with free Willie and decided to trounce the glass,? Sure that glass is tough but angry elephant tough? If any product was sold with an angry dumbo warranty I'd buy that shit...
I just cant take this on my cake day!
Wow, great concept. Look how happy she is
Look at that cartoon-like smiling face!  :D
Wish I could upvote this like 5 times. 
The image gets even better when you imagine the elephant to have a Seth Rogen laugh.
This is so sweet! It's made me think, obviously there's some animals which are too predatory / large to handle, but would the animals in zoos benefit from seeing the exhibits themselves? I know boredom due to lack of novelty is a big issue for zoo animals, would being lead around and seeing all the other animals help with that?


Desperately trying not to anthropomorphise, but this elephant looks very happy to be interacting with a 'new creature'.
Is it just me or is that elephant having a great wholesome time?
Oregon has everything good

Elephant is a lazy ass name for an elephant. 
Pretty cool. Both of those animals are pretty smart, they never would have been able to see each other in the wild. I wonder if they realize that?
She looks so happy I can't handle it 
This makes me smile :)
Can we talk about the elephant in the room?
I would like to see more photos from this tour please.
Aww look she's so happy!
All I can think is that will be one giant mess to clean up if he takes a poo in there 
Wow they both look happier than shit
Christ on a stick I didnt need to cry at work come on man
This is how elephant seals are made.
Her smile is everything.
Things like this are nice but I still find it truly sad that these animals had to witness eachother trapped in cages.  Hopefully one day I'll be able to appreciate zoos, but right now, I can't say I do.
I wish they would do this at the zoo in Tacoma. I have never seen elephants so sad and in such terrible condition.
I love how the world is changing. People are doing unusual things for broad benefit.
Repost right? http://imgur.com/GvtBp
That is so cute.  What a great treat for the elephant to see other beings.
This made my day. Love on babar
Wait... is that poor grammar, or did someone actually name the elephant "Elephant"?
I can't even. 
*woke intensifies*
I stared at this for like 40 seconds just  hoping it was a gif. 
I enjoyed this zoo when I lived near Portland. It has beautiful walking paths, especially through the "Great Northwest" area.
Is there a video?
"I'm telling you, those humans are getting uglier and uglier."
That has been my daughters favorite spot to stand at the zoo for years.

RIP Packy.
But what's the thing on the left?
Would love to see a video of the entire trip 
"YOU AND ME BABY AINT NUTHIN' BUT MAMMALS"
I really want to meet an elephant one day, just too look into their eyes and say hello. I feel like it would be a really nice experience.
I wish I knew what the elephant was actually thinking. 
This is so great! An elephant giving a sea lion some sugar. ðŸ˜˜ My favorite thing --Elephant kisses!
Oregon Zoo is great
So sweet. The Oregon zoo is awesome! 
Tickle me Elmophant 


I demand a video of the whole event so that I can watch it 24/7 to forget about everything else going on in this world.
She seemed to be very happy :)
A fire?  At a Sea Parks??
That's the face of an impressed stoner. 
I wish there was a video of this!! 
That's awesome
I can't wait for people zoo's to be a thing.
I couldn't help but think what if the elephant decided to smash the glass...
I WANT VIDEO OF THIS TOUR
I read this as took around elephant meat to other animals.  
You like have to upvote this. Right?
She looks so delighted and that makes my heart happy!
Water puppies!
Haha very adorable 
That's cool


As people become smarter we realize animals are too 
Land lions, not so much.
Thomp doggo meat Sea doggo
I want an elephant.  I'll show it my whole local area.
that is dope, elephants are caring and badass.
Hello, This Picture, it's been a while.
A zoo I volunteer with does this for one of their cockatoos (as a reward for good behavior). He LOVES to mock the bald eagles, as well as to stomp around the railing for the harbor seal exhibit, while chatting at them.   I honestly think that visiting other exhibits is one of the best forms of enrichment for more intelligent animals. 
Its name is Elephant? How creative...
I love how elephants genuinely look happy sometimes.
When I was younger, I would often visit the aquarium of the pacific in california with my dad to interact/watch the animals. We would use the keys/chapstick/anything in our pockets and throw them along the side of the glass and the seals would love to follow them and do flips in front of us. It was so awesome.
Yes we know you already told us this
Why does this look exactly like me when ever I see a sea lion?
This being the Portland zoo,  I expected the elephant to be wearing a fedora.
She's so cute 
Ahhh! That baby elephant is so happy! I'm dead now. I need nothing else from this world, that was it, now I can die.
Looks kinda like Treetrunks
"Aaaah look at this thing! It's like a dog but underwater!" 
You can never repost this one too often 
That smile doe
This is beautiful.
that is one hairy elephant! or are all elephants kinda hairy?

That elephant looks so dam happy it warms my heart.
Wonderful!!
This is fucking adorable
How do they prevent an animal that size from damaging things as it goes around?  Or what if it wanted to charge the glass of the aquarium?  Could they actually stop somthing like that in time with sedation or what?
It looks like it is smiling. For some reason this photo makes me happy
Look at that face! Pure joy. This is a beautiful and heartwarming picture.
this is pretty cool.
I have a newfound love for elephants, they are so wholesome.
This comment is gonna get buried, and that's fine. Just wanted to say this image kind of fucks me up. 

It's easy to ignore how intelligent other animals are. Curiosity and wonder aren't solely human traits, I don't think there in an emotion that we have that other creatures dont. We just tell ourselves that we're more special than we really are, I think. Kind of humbling. 
In case anyone wants to see the story behind this

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/08/16/elephant-sea-lion-meet-photo_n_1789585.html
OMG!  That elephant is so cute!  She is so adorable just reaching out to satisfy a curiosity!  My heart breaks in half knowing that in the future there might not be any more elephants around because of extinction and all due of course to human activity.  
Animals meeting animals. Never a dull moment 
I'm always so excited to see pictures from the Oregon zoo on here! I'm in school pursuing my zoology degree with the hopes of working there, so seeing things like this help me remember what I'm working towards :)
Boop

Imagine how excited and agog an elephant would be at seeing a sea lion! 

Would it ever get to see one in natural life? Especially under water. Oh the stories it can tell now.
Her least favorite animal: the giant trunk-eating fernark.
Sad. Elephants don't belong in a zoo. They belong in the wild. 
It's so cute. Why is it so cute? ;-;
I liked how they named the elephant, Elephant. 
Wow who even thought of this 
Oh look! Oregon!
This happened at least 3 years ago. Probably more. 

http://imgur.com/gallery/hG3KE
"According to the American Zoo and Aquarium Association (AZA), there are over 10,000 zoos worldwide. In the U.S. alone, the Department of Agriculture licenses 2,400 "animal exhibitors," of which 212 are members of the AZA, an organization that requires high standards of animal care, science, and conservation."

Depressing AF!
The ceiling looks like it kissing the elephant
Could that not have gone horribly wrong if the elephant decided to smash the glass?
Aww, she looks like she's smiling :)
/u/bexnoodles19
I wonder... has an elephant ever seen a seal, and at the same time been seen by a seal before? 

If it's already been setup by humans then fair enough, but if not, this has to be one of the most unique animal encounters ever. And there's no hint of racism, discrimination or hatred whatsoever... 
Did they even try to show her the *elephant* seals?!
That's funny, when I was a kid I screamed Everytime a sea lion went by the windows there at the Oregon zoo.. still don't like the buggers.
That'll be a day she'll never forget.
They're both probably "whoa what the fuck is that thing"
This is too precious <3
This is the best life an elephant could have hoped for... Thank you Oregon Zoo keepers!
It's like Make a Wish for elephants.
I don't even know how to respond to this...heart is melting.
She looks so happy
Things like this make me think about how much we probably still have yet to learn about animals, and how we probably grossly underestimate them as a whole.

It also makes me wonder what happens if/when elephants, dolphins, or whales take another step or two evolutionarily and what could happen if they could communicate more clearly with us or even eventually develop technology what that might be like.
Omg Soooooooooooooooo cute!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"ha! you funny lion!."
Insane how happy an animal can look.
She'll remember this forever
I swear that the Oregon Zoo does this PR stuff to counter how depressing their zoo really is.
Then proceeds to charge through glass 
I'd love to see her reaction at the lion exhibit.
He looks so happy! 
Elephants definitely be my fav behind dogs 
That elephant is so excited, it's tummy and noggin hair is standing up!
I always found the little hair on their heads adorable.
This sounds like a childrens book.
This is too much cute. 
Am I the only one worried the elephant might accidentally break the glass?
They really didn't try too hard when it came to naming her
Same, elephant. Sea lions are the best. 
lol her face is all like "OMG :D"
Sea lions are cool as fuck
Happy elephant
LOL, the elephants smiling like it Just won the lottery 
This is one of the coolest things I've seen in a while
Thanks to Reddit elephants are becoming my favorite animal.
They should set up an exhibit of humans and freak her out a little.
Elephants show an amazing capacity for emotion. 
That look on his face 
That's so darn cute. <3
she is probably the only elephant that saw fish/sea lions through an aquarium , pretty cool
Elephants are so fucking cute 
I live in the area and elephants are my favorite animal. Lilly is my favorite animal at the whole Oregon zoo.
It is so interesting 
Well my day is made 
taking the zoo to the zoo...  they're playing with some dangerous stuff here...
So the elephants doesn't understand that the sea lion is underwater instead it thinks it's floating around magically 
Man, seeing my zoo mentioned made me think my local subreddit was front-paging it for something other than a missing person. Nope - r/aww. I'll take it.
*edit - "think" not "thing"
I'm sure the cleaning crew were not very happy about this... elephant poop and carpets don't get along. :)
Can I have some more please ðŸ˜s rule ðŸ’œ
Elephant: oh my Gosh this is perfect how is he breathing under the waterrr....I cant do that :(
This made me cry... bless.
oh my god you just made my day
Was it Friday at 5pm when they named this elephant? "Hey guys we got one more for you, it's a big elephant, any ideas for a name?" "Umm, Elephant. Ok see you Monday!"
DOOT A DOO A DOO YEAH, A SEA LION AND AN ELEPHANT'S DNA JUST WON'T SPLICE!
That is so sweet. 
I couldn't love this anymore!!!
This is... Unbelievably precious
I never knew I needed this.
Videos??? 
This is elephantastic.
Imagine him going back into the wild and trying to communicate the beasts he saw. People would call him crazy
Hey! that's my local zoo! This is adorable.
Her jaw dropped 
There is a lot of bad in the world, but pics like this help us remember there is still some joy to be found.
That is the face of pure joy
Animals are so pure, it's ridiculous.
Boop. Got ya.
This warms my heart
This is so cute I want to stab myself
I love the Oregon zoo, I go there every other day during the summer! So many beautiful animals and are treated very well!!! 10/10
[rELEPHANT Video](https://youtu.be/fqDKk55MsJQ)
took *an** elephant around


It's yrev very good to see you again old friend. 
One of these things is not like the other
Chandra will never forget this day. 
Seems like the elephant is saying something "Hello Buddy you too"
that elephant could wreak pure havoc in there if it wanted to. 
Sea Lions are my favorite animal! And Pottermore says my patronus is an elephant. Are you sure that isn't me? :P
Is that Chendrawasih!? I got to do a meet with her way back in 2007 when I was a ZooTeen! There wasn't protected contact back then, just a keeper with a bullhorn. I got to feed her chunks of carrot and I was amazed at how gentle and delicate she was with a trunk that can literally uproot trees! 
seems like sealions are hot for karma today 
Oh they're cute ðŸ™‚
I think it's great they they called The Elephant, 'Elephant'.
hahaha
We all need our own elephant companions. Like Appa in the last airbender. 
Let her swim with them 
Is the elephant's name elephant?
That's great!
 Chendrafication 
Hi Gus! Miss you!
I upvoted this before I even opened it. 
I had the same look on my face when I saw sea lions in the Bahamas. :)
Elephants are the best
PogChamp
Is there a sub reddit for elephants? Because I need more elephants in my life. 
I wonder if they took the elephant to an area above water where they were able to interact.
Took a screenshot of this and am gonna look at it whenever I'm feeling down :) hahaha
shes smiling. ugh beautiful 
For those people who think that some animals are not sentimental just look at the elephant's eyes.

[So beautiful!](http://i.imgur.com/9C1VE9n.jpg)
Life is: fleeting moments of joy that distract you from the reality that you're trapped, not living your best life.
An elephant named Elephant.

How original.
I love this! 
Please dont lean against the glass... could it handle it?
what is that white thing on the elephant's right leg? at about the back of it's 'knee'
What's that bone looking thing on the elephants leg?
I'll be there in two months. I like to see Zoos in other states. The SF Zoo is so damn depressing I stopped going. 
I just woke up and I read that at "elephant ground meat" I was very confused.
I needed something nice like this. 
The elephant who'd rather be a sea lion.
Gallery required!
The Oregon Zoo (aka Metro Washington Park Zoo when I was a kid) is one of my favorite zoos. Though I like the polar bears the best. This is so cool.
Anyone know what that white part is on her right front leg?
Google Packy the Elephant. NOW!!!
See her one human leg? Something tells me the elephant has more than just a handler...
Ellie (that's her name) loves sea lions. Who knew?
oh dear, i didnt realise i could make the noise i made when i saw this.. I sounded like a broody middle aged woman. This is the cutest thing i've ever seen! Is there more photos of his experience?
It would be a bad day for all involved if she didn't like the Sea Lions and decided to charge at it!
Really nice zoo. 
I feel like I've seen this picture before.
Somewhere........
What would an elephant stomp do to that glass?
How is a comment about the possibility that this elephant could at any moment decide to probably successfully try and break the glass causing millions of dollars or more in damages not near the top? Thats all I could think about seeing this picture.
/r/HumansBeingBros 
whats up with the elbow penis?
She looks like she's smiling
If ever I wanted an image to be a GIF. 
"Bob ? Is that you ? When did you learn to swim ? What ? You're not Bob ? Damn. You really look like Bob. You sure you're not him ? Ok. Thought you lost some weight. Do you like bananas ?"
It's like that elephant saw a whole bag of Peanuts Appear Before His Eyes & So Did I... I'm Jolly now Thanks!
which one is cuter? - the baby elephant above vs. the two year old girl "braving the world" in the post below.
This is so pure and beautiful ðŸ˜
HA! You've got a funny nose!
Cute
"I'll show you mine if you show me yours".
I'm most definitely crying.
How did they know to take the elephant to the aquarium?
Curiosity makes livestock clever 
Ive been scrolling Reddit for the last five minutes crying my eyes out over a row with a family member trying to calm down and landed on this. This has made me so much happier and calmer. r/aww never fails to impress me. 
I'm glad the elephants can get out of their enclosures for a while.  Such a small world for them.
Elephants are a type of human. 
This is the best picture on the internet!
"It's called a frunk! What are those flippy feet things called?" - auto buff elephant 
Whats the white spot at the back right of her front leg?
She looks so happy!
r/bigboye!!
this picture makes me happy.
I remember that zoo, that was one of my favorites. Peacocks roamed around freely.
this makes me so happy
Need.video.footage
Hey I want to swim like you, Can you please come this side? 
This picture is actually 10 years old. That sea lion died 4 years ago
She looks so happy, like she knew that Sea Lion once in a previous life, and finally is reunited with her only true friend in this world.
That's so adorable.  Sea lions and seals seem to be everybody's favorite.
And her least favorite were the ostriches. http://i.imgur.com/Vs9Zbiy.mp4

Twas truly an unforgettable experience for her.
Best picture I've ever seen 
/r/photoshopbattles please

Edit: I was 3hrs late
I'm a little confused about some conventions of english.  I am part of a somewhat isolated subculture and I sometimes feel like people criticize my english as a way of criticizing my lifestyle by proxy.  One thing I'm noticing more and more as I expand my horizons beyond my isolated subculture is that people seem to leave out articles.  Does "elephant" not deserve an article in that sentence?  Is it a proper noun?
I mean. The elephant has the facial expression I'd probably have.
*Animal Hoarders* 
This made me "aawwwh" <3
"Took Elephant"
"Runs into window"
This made me leak joy tears. 
Is this a crossover episode!?
All animals are so cute. 
what if it broke the glass..?
awww she is smiling.
Who names their Elephant "Elephant"?
What's that white thing on the elephants right front elbow? 
She looks so happy!!!!
"I WANT ONE!"
I'll bet elephants are like house cats....playful, odd, funny....
I thought elephant seals would be her favourite?
It's nice to see her happy. The picture is amazing, makes me smile with her. 
That's one trip she will never forget.
This is precious!
I volunteered there in high school. It was always fun to come to the zoo early, before open, and see the keepers walking the elephants. Love the Oregon Zoo.
lmao it looks so happy
That elephant looks so fucking happy. It brings me joy. 
If Oregon Zoo haven't already turned this concept into a children's picture book then they should fix that.
Waiting for it to charge the glass and break it
New Friends!
This is awesome!
/r/AnimalsBeingBros 
What is elephant decides to ram the glass?  Strong enough to break it?
I don't know why this hit me in the feels so hard but it did
She's probably like "How is this fucker floating around like that? This is insane!"
What's up, cuz?
Humans could learn SO much from animals. So sweet!
"According to an email from zoo spokesperson Michael Dunham, this photo was taken in 2007 and was not digitally manipulated in any way. Dunham told The Huffington Post that the elephants arenâ€™t walked around in the morning anymore." [LINK](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/08/16/elephant-sea-lion-meet-photo_n_1789585.html)
That poor elephant must be so confused.
I love, this, so, much.
Wow that's wired 
Good stuff.
This elephant's name is Chendra. Here is an actual interview with her https://youtu.be/YJlcaxlyUf0?t=15s
It's all fun and games until Dumbo takes a dump on the carpeting and the the sea lion exhibit starts to smell like a penguin exhibit with no ventilation.
So cute
Today I'm proud to be a Portlander.
I've never seen an elephant smile. That is awesome. 
Goddamn I love Elephants! I would rather hang with them, or Orca's any day rather than any of my friends. They are my two favorite animals in the world. 

I wouldn't have to listen to any problems, complaints, or hardships. I would just be enamored and focused in the moment. Just like how life should be. 

I WOULD BE, that Elephant in the picture. 
I wonder if this elephant somehow grasps the concept of plexiglass/glass, that is being a solid barrier while being transparent. 
awwwsome
She looks so happy
[deleted]
It's so funny they took her out to see other animals... I wonder if she didn't fit in certain places?
I can think of at least two problems with bringing an elephant indoors.
so adorable!!

I wonder if the elephant knows that the sea lion is under water
This just made my day 
Elephants are people. I think that's become pretty obvious.
she is smiling! 
Next time the orca is taken around 
goddamn this elephants goofy-ass smile
I hope people start realizing how intelligent some animals really are. And I'm talking emotional intelligence too. I know it's futile because humans torture and neglect other humans, but maybe, eventually the general population will understand that we're not the only smart ones on the planet. Maybe we're the only things that can build guns, cars and computers, but I don't think we're the only emotionally developed creatures. 
She just needs a companion - i remember seeing a thing about an elephant and a dog that were inseparable 
Her name is Elephant 
Wholesome
Nice phant.
Aww this is so cute ðŸ˜„
They should put her together with another young orphaned elephant untill they bond 
I wonder if this is the first elephant in history to see the flippers of a sea lion.
This is so great
Heh she is so stinkin' cute! 
Fucking GallowBoob.... killing it. And the mods inboxes...
That is fucking beautiful!
I wonder if the elephant realized the sea lion was in water, and not just flying about
Sir, don't touch the glass.
Elephant smiles!!!
great pic
This. Is. Beautiful.
This is adorable AFâ¤ï¸
Is there a video??
I love this so much!
@ peta
this is precious
Oh my, lookit that smile! Anyone who poaches these majestic animals ought to be shot in the face...
Amy Schumer's trip to the aquarium.
boop
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/08/16/elephant-sea-lion-meet-photo_n_1789585.html
May be he is a great lover.
Her face is priceless
You mean the waterdogs.
I wanna see a cross breed.
Such an old repost
Does this not make anyone else really sad? That showing this elephant something other than the walls of its enclosure for five minutes of its life is seen as wonderful? Wouldn't it be truly wonderful to set it free?Maybe im wrong, I dont know, but every time I see an animal behind glass it seems wrong. At the end of the day, after all, they're there so a business can make a profit from their captivity 

Why the hell do zoos waste money keeping marine mammals or sharks or whatever in these fancy tanks? Why not just install a big curved screen with very high def video and tell the punters that's what they're seeing?
Animals aren't meant to be in captivity ðŸ˜• I don't visit zoos as much as I'd like to that just fuels cruelty
Dammit I want a pet baby elephant.
Is it just me or taking an elephant to a big fish tank is a risky move?  What if he get excited and ram into it?
Repost for the hundredth time 
Omg this is like Hitler selling soap to jews
Wow way to assume the elephants gender...
So much fun for the biggest prisoner to meet some of the smaller prisoners. 
[deleted]
This might be the first time an elephant has seen a sea lion
Elephants always look so fucking sad at zoos.
It's so sad that an elephant has to spend the rest of its life in a zoo
DID YOU ASSUME ITS IDENTITY!!!! TRIGGERED!!!!! 
Something looks off about this - is this photoshopped?
That is fucked.
Can u please visit my community I need more people to follow me
[removed]
It is always nice to realize you aren't the ONLY one getting the existential shaft.
R/eyebleach minus the captivity and all that shit
Think she realizes they're all being held captive?
/r/WhatCouldGoWrong
Zoos are evil. 
Does anyone else imagine that elephant talking with an Asian accent? ðŸ˜‚ðŸ™„
Fucking zoos. 
[deleted]
Shouldn't this be considered sad because it's probably one of the last time it's gonna leave its cage?
[deleted]
Why do people still get excited about locking animals in cages.  
Once captive slave staring into the eyes of another... nothing cute or joyful about this.
Trapped animals seeing other trapped animals 
How cute, they took an inmate on a tour of the prison 
So sad zoos are still a thing
That just sounds like slavery with extra steps
