Is this the Amish equivalent to letting your kid ride their bike around the neighborhood? How close does your cousin live to the Amish? (Totally in love with this friendship though!) 
I feel you can make a pretty good Hallmark TV movie out of this.
Aww. 

We used to have great water balloon fights with my buddy's amish neighbor 
Dwight and Angela origin story season 1 coming soon to Netflix
I have family in southern Pennsylvania, and we would stay at my cousin's house who lives across the street from an Amish farm.  My little brother (about 10 at the time) would be up at the ass-crack of dawn every morning to go over and help them get the cows ready for milking.  He'd help the little kids with their morning chores so that they could play for the rest of the day.  Kicker was that for the first couple of years he did this, none of the kids spoke a lick of English.  

He'd come home at dusk and have to strip his clothes off in the garage and then take a shower before he could come back in the house.
Well, it's not like his parents are going to get online and see this... 
The more I look at this the more I love it. His tiny horse and cart. His bowl haircut. Her posture and blue boots with shorts. The fact that OP says he comes around every few days. I hope they remain in each other's lives forever. 
Nicholas Sparks just found the plot for his next novel
Girl: Did you watch Bob the Builder today?

Boy: No, we don't watch TV. But I saw Bob Johannson build a barn.

Girl: Cool!
GET IN LOSER WE ARE GOING BUTTER CHURNING!
They meet again late 20s.
Romantic comedy ensues.
Why is that horse so small? Is that the Amish version of Powerwheels?
I imagine his parents show an adorable little sketch of this same scene to the other Amish folk 
Is it just me or does his head seem unusually large
We are Mennonite, moderate conservatives.  We are not like Menno church USA.  We dress like the old school.  And before the questions start, YES, my church mandated filter blows up all the time on reddit.  

There are as many sects of the Anabaptists as you can imagine. The root 4 churches are.

Amish
Mennonite
Hutterite
German Brethren

Amish (old order) is the famous horse & buggy.  New order Amish is still horse and buggy but have power and generally indoor plumbing.   It spans more liberal from there till about Beachy Amish which varies all over the board, but generally would be like me with filtered internet, cars, power tools, but still retain conservative modest dress.

Mennonites same way.  From Old order all the way out though on liberalism.  Most Mennonites do not consider Mennonite USA to be Mennonite any longer.

Hutterites are different, as they are in colonies.  They are the epiphany of Christian voluntary communism.  Some colonies are bad, some excellent.  IT varies, but all property is communal. 

German brethren for the most part have gone liberal, but some retain, and would be similar to Mennonites.


You'd be very surprised of just how kind and nice my people are.  There is often very bad pictures painted of Anabaptists by youtube and the media. Of course the media can make anything sound bad.     Just today for the 4th of July (for instance) we will be getting together with about 250 people for a day of fun, games, eats, drinks, and ice cream.  It will all be CLEAN fun, no drunks, no smoking, and fun games for the children.  (And yes adults get on the stilts sometimes too). 

Anyway, it's beautiful.  You can love or hate religion, but I'm just making a personal testimony that we love our faith, our fellowship, and it has been immensely positive in our lives. 
Some day, these kids will learn that thousands or millions of adults are envious of what they have.
Bet he can't wait till rumspringa.
I like to think that against all odds they fall in love and love happily ever after, that would be an awesome story to tell the grandkids, or basically anyone
This churns my heart like butter.
When Rumspringa comes around he's probably going to ask her on a real date.
Adorable. When you zoom in on mobile it almost looks like he has a little Amish beard
Makes me think of Dwight and Angela.
I guess it's not so secret anymore. Jk that's really cute. 
Let's hope their relationship isn't a swing and Amish
And later she'll learn that this mysterious boy died 100 years ago...
I've created a whole story in my head of their lives together, growing up, and teenage years etc. I love it. 
He's going to feel like shit when they're 15 and she starts getting visited by the kid on the motorbike.
Don't do it. He'll make you sit on the side closer to traffic and I can tell by his cart that he hasn't paid off his property. 
Are we certain he isn't just a small grown man?
RUMSPRINGAAAAA
At first I was worried about what would happen if the boy's parents saw this, then I realized I'm an idiot
I grew up in Amish country, and I'm currently living as far from Amish country as possible (China). This post makes me feel a little less homesick, thank you op~
Is it just me or does he seem to have a very large head? Maybe it's just the angle 
I think its cute the boy knows how to handle a horse/carriage/buggy whatever the word for his transportation is. 

children aren't prejudiced; at least thats the impression i get from this picture.
About 8 years ago I was sitting on my motorcycle in a parking lot when I caught a young Amish girl on her horse and buggy watching me.  I revved my bike and waved, then she smiled and made her horse rear up.  We both had a good laugh. 
I'm going to be sitting here for the next 20 years waiting for the 'my cousin married her secret Amish friend down the road'. Don't disappoint OP. 
"Amish you so much"
They hit their teens and he shows up holding Peter Gabriel over his head while standing outside her window.

Peter: "You're pretty strong, kid."
He has his own cart and horse? That little Amish boy is doing better than I am.
Yo, for real this is the greatest fucking thing ever. The backstory and the picture itself are bringing me so much joy. I live in the city now but I grew up in a small rural town in a neighborhood that looks *just* like that.

This post is hitting all the right spots and I can't thank you enough for sharing, OP.
She could do far worse in her choice of a friend
There's so much goodness in this photo. 
 
[deleted]
At this age, driving a coach with a pony is like checking out women with your Ferrari. Just 1000 times more effective.
[deleted]
-A novel, by Nicholas Sparks
I used to play in the woods and go fishing with my Amish neighbors.  Our favorite thing to do was play hockey on their pond when it froze over. They may have different lifestyles but they're human too.
Just beware because they grow up and keep that relationship, he's gonna plow her and she's gonna pop babies like it's 1699
This looks like the start of a romantic comedy starring Matthew McConaughey. 
Is there a girl that will not be interested in a boy riding in a little horse?
She still can't see the big picture.
Aww
My hubby and I drive to an Amish store north of Richmond Indiana to get certain food items they carry that no one else does. They have a deli in the store and the meat cutter is pneumatically run.  The lighting is propane gas as is the freezer section.  Another Amish settlement that we visit north in Indiana, we learned that many of the Amish kids are attending public schools and if you drive past the schools you see either horse and buggies sitting or the bicycles they ride to get there though many ride a bus to school.  Also the owner of the one store can be reached by phone, a cell phone.  Apparently there is a rule about not having the technology in your house, but can keep it at a secondary location.  They hire drivers if they have to get somewhere too far for horse and buggy.  
One day we were driving down the highway and passed 2 young Amish girls in a buggy. The horse was trotting as fast as it could and the girls had dropped the reins, were leaned way back with their skirts hiked up past their knees.  Hubby started singing, "Oh we'll have funfunfun til daddy takes the buggy aaaawaaaaay."  It was hilarious.
[removed]
"Come here, Amishow you something"
This is adorable.
This should really be submitted to /r/amish.
That's a sweet ride. 
Q: What goes "Clop clop clop Bang bang bang Clop clop clop?"  
A: Amish drive-by.

I just like how his horse is small too :)
That is fucking adorable.
 Seriously?! Am I the only one who  feels like someone entered the NBA Jam Big Head code on the little kid..
When he get old enough 16ish he will get a chance to go on his Rumshpringa which is essential a trial period of him living in the 'English' world for a given amount of time (a year to three) until he decides if he wants to go back to the community or live amongst us and be shunned.

 I would recommend trying to stay in contact as long as possiblr and try to be this boys support system for that Rumshpringa. If he has support and people to show him the ropes out here, hopefully he can make a educated decision and not one out of fear and lack of ability or support, which is often the case for these Amish kids.
That's the sweetest  <3
Not so secret anymore!
In twenty years they'll be the inspiration for a movie about an Amish boy who defies his upbringing to unite with the girl he loves while both of their parents object to their union.
as a little kid, I wish I had a pony to impress the girl next door
Honestly, I want these two to get married. It's like "the girl next door" meets forbidden love. So cute. 
He's tappin that in 30 years
Forbidden love.
I'm sure it's more impressive for a boy to pull up in a horse-drawn carriage than a car or bicycle to little girls.  ;)
Dont know much about a science book...
Oh shit OP just got that kid exiled 
I hope the Amish don't find your post
To be fair, he beats any asshole with a plastic jeep
His head is bigger than his desire to understand modern technology.
I think that's a Hobbit.
The boy, horse and cart are all little!
I'm going to post this link to r/askhistorians about how the Amish decide what technologies are acceptable and which are [not.](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/6j9ua8/when_exactly_did_the_amish_choose_to_socially/111)  But I honestly recommend the whole thread. 

credit to u/IM_OK_AMA
This is actually my daughter and our neighbor. Not sure who it is that posted this or how they got it but it's an innocent little friendship of a 6 year old boy and 4 year old girl that I probably won't be sharing pictures of on Facebook anymore because it ended up on a site without me knowing how or who posted it. Some of your comments are hilarious but shame on some of you! They are kids. Smh. 
Does his head look a lot bigger than it should to anyone else? 
I want a weekly update on this .
If you think about it. The little guys doing better than most of us at that age. He already has his own car and picking up chicks!
Pixar here's your next movie 
dude has a fucking pony. of course she's all over that
That boy has a giant head.
That kids head is huge
This is awesome. 
Love story in the making! 
This is precious.
Well I think its adorable!  And the innocence of it all is heartwarming. I wish I could go back to simpler times when I didn't understand what the difference between the two sides of the same coin was.

very nice! he seems kinda ... cranial? maybe he's super smart?
Wtf why does he have a huuuge head lmao
This is adorable 
If this isn't the start of a rom com, i don't know what is
Trying to get the movie rights to this
Just wait for Netflix to fuck this up and turn it into some kind of shitty series that only lasts one season
She's just in it for the horsey.  
That's..... fucking adorable. 
Is no one going to comment on the fact that the little amish boy is riding a little amish cart driven by a little amish pony. 

It's like an Amish tonka truck except way fucking better.
Someone paint this! Please!
You've successfully captured his soul.
RUMSPRINGAAAAAAH
Feels like one of the opening scenes of a coming-of-age romance film.
This is absolutely the cutest thing I've ever seen. 
This sounds like it could be an incredible song sometime in the future 
I always thought the Amish were born with a full beard
That is the fucking cutest shit on earth, I want to die. The end. 
He's little now.. but next thing you know he'll be building a barn next to your house 
In 20 years she is going to pick him up in her 1982 Firebird.
Whats an amish womans sexual fantasy 
Two Mennonite
He was an Amish boy, he told me later boy
Cute photo, but this comment thread is easily the funniest thing I've seen all month.

Thank you Reddit, keep being you.
It's like a fairy tale omg lol. So cute
do you think she says "Amish you" every time he comes back
That's fucked up to do to children. Making them Amish smh why parents always force their kids to do and believe what they believe 
Just me or does that kid have giant head?
If this romance works out her girlfriends are going to be mad jealous that her BF picks her up in a horse and buggy like Cinderella.
Oh yea, in 15ish years Jacob will be plowing in a Amish paradise.
The little Amish boy just wants to oogle your cousin's bare naked legs.

(30 years ago, I bought a farm from an Amish family - we found playboys in the hayloft.)
Better lock her up when he's on Rumspringa
that is fucking adorable
This guy owns a pony and I don't even have a bicycle.
This is the first post of children on /r/aww that I like! Put a sepia filter on that shit and frame it for their wedding in 20 years.
I bet having a little pony at that age is the equivalent of being in HS with a new mustang or adult with an AMG. 
This is how children of the corn started 
The best part is you can post this and the Amish people will never find out
This is so pure.
Looks like the start of a horror film. 
Don't let your daughter get her oils on him. The mother will smell it and not take him back.

Don't post this on line. The Amish might see it.
Catch a ride in the stang gurl, this baby got 16 horse power
I ship it
See now this is a personal photo that I have absolutely no problem with seeing on the front page.
So secret all of reddit knows.
Omg I love the little horse for the little cart
I feel a forbidden romance movie coming on 
Secret? As if it's forbidden, lol? OP is trying to give this backstory some Hollywood flair. 
It's interesting that Reddit has an anti-religion vibe, but Amish people are cool.  Amish beliefs are just another impressive religion.  I'm from an area where there are Amish people.  You know who runs large puppy mills? The Amish.  There are communities where sexual abuse is rampant, but elders do nothing to protect the women and girls who are effected.  Little kids being involved in horrific farm accidents isn't unusual because child labor is cool on the Amish community.  Women, children and animals are all exploitable commodities in the Amish community. 
As I walk through the valley where I harvest my grain I take a look at my wife and realize she's very plain.
That boy is got a freakishly large head! Are you sure its a boy? Otherwise keep em in sight at all time!
Of course she is all about him. He has what all little girls want - a pony 
Once you go Jedediah
HE HAS HIS OWN TINY CART AND TINY HORSE, AAAAA
I can see this turn into a Forrest Gump
Amish boy looks huge next to that pony.
Young love in the making.
I hope someone adapts this into a wonderful love story 
That's adorable 
Is no one recognizing the freakish head of that boy. It's way too big and if you zoom in it gives you the creeps.
I feel sorry for the boy how could someone force you to live that type of life?
Can't wait for Nicholas Sparks to get ahold of this one
Ok I have no idea how we went from Amish people to Morse code....have fun with that ;) but this is definitely an aww moment. Kids that age haven't yet been poisoned by hatred for things they don't understand. He has a little horse! Sorry - That's adorable.
It's a nice story but I'm just laughing to myself in the US it's: aww look at that armish boy and his horse and cart, in the uk: fucking gypsies 

Before anyone rages at me I'm well aware of the differences between the armish and gypsies, I just found it mildly amusing..
 Don't be fooled people.  Little Amish dude is likely ridin' dirty.  There are oats in the back of that wagon.........steel cut oats.
I fucking hate the Amish. Although they are extremely nice they are greedy bastards.  Used to love going to their bake sales until I wondered how they made this shit.  Warm Milk with no filter.  Then if you live in the city or a couple miles down the road, they charge you an extra 500$ just as a hauling fee.  Not to mention when my in-laws were building a house and had the amish come by and take all the wood, they were literally strapping logs to these poor horses.  Just buy a fucking truck and you would be so god damn productive. 

They do fast work and most of it is rough cut wood.  Very cheap too if you know some of the Amish.  What I didn't realize were these fuckers were having Amish parties.  They literally have kegs and kegs of beer, catered food, and a DJ. They Drink like vikings. 

One last rant, a family friends dog went missing in the country.  Her dad goes to investigate where the hell it could have gone.  Goes to an Amish settlement (lol) and hears a fant bark.  Comes to find the dog was locked in a shed with the interior covered in mattresses.  

Sketchy mother fuckers 
Where the heck do you live that makes this even remotely possible?
Is it just me or is his head massive?
Don't let her hang around him when he turns 14...
He looks like young Mose Schrute.
'Hey girl, wanna come do some chores with me?' 
Oh my god can I make this an album cover? It's perfect.
Don't let him turn her Amish. Then she'll never be able to use Reddit.
I live in the middle of the densest Amish area in the country, Lancaster, Pennsylania.   If anyone has any questions I'll do my best to answer them!  
I tried making secret friends with a little Amish boy, too. Didn't really work out too well considering I'm 34. 
Don't let her in to that freaky cult 
Poor little boy and his brain washed life
That's so precious that I'm forcing myself to be cynical and think well he's just grooming her for Rumspringa
What goes clip-clop-clip-clop-clip-clop-BANGBANGBANG-clippity-clop-clippity-clop-clippity-clop?

Amish driveby shooting.
Kids gut the head of a grown ass man. 
He'll be hittin that in about 5 years....Amish time.
Do you personally know this boy/young man? Do you know his parents? Are you sure he comes from the Amish community? Something about him troubles me. 
Emotional story...
Everything I find in this picture is cute.
They see me rollin / They hatin / Patrolling they tryin to catch me ridin' dirty /
It's refreshing to see some genuine cuteness that doesn't involve animals
Good parenting keeping their eyes on their kiddo!
I think it's really funny how Amish horse carts have a slow moving vehicle indicator on the back. I understand that they are a slow moving vehicle, but your first instinct when seeing that should be "he's in a cart, he won't be going that fast. Even at night time I figure the Amish have a candle or lantern on their cart that you could see them with. 
Why does he look so huge???
pure
Why's his head so big?
So interesting to me the point in time at which they thought, 'right this point is where we stop. No more technology after now'
Why does the Amish kid's head look so big? Maybe it's just my phone, but he looks like a bobblehead.
This definitely needs to be an illustrated children's book 
I can totally see this becoming a film 
That kid is already killing it. He's got a ride, a pony, shit he's ready to fhritp
That Amish kid has a huge head. 
That kid has a huge head or he just has a huge head. 
Little horse, I believe the term you're looking for is pony.
This would be a great movie or novel. A Romeo and Juliet-esque story of two children kept apart by false time constraints. Of course some parts don't happen til WAY later.  Oh, and minus the ending.
Jokes on you. He is Irish, not Amish....
That is the cutest thing. Young love.
MY HEART
That's pretty cool that this kid has his own horse and carriage. They get their own transportation, they get to care for an animal...
That kid goes all out to impress his friend. Props my little Amish dude.
Yes! Hahaha very aww!
Holy mother of Jesus. This is sweet. Someone write a script.
Lemme guess, PA?
Well done. Your cousin made a secret friend and you HAD to go and post it on the internet. Now his parents are going to see this and... what? Oh... Nevermind...
But but why is his head so big.
At first I genuinely thought that was a full-grown horse, and that the boy "must've been in a mascot costume to have a head that big".
counting down the days to rumspringa
r/accidentalrenaissance 
"As I walk through the valley where I harvest my grain
I take a look at my wife and realize she's very plain
But that's just perfect for an Amish like me
You know, I shun fancy things like electricity
At 4:30 in the morning I'm milkin' cows
Jebediah feeds the chickens and Jacob plows... fool
And I've been milkin' and plowin' so long that
Even Ezekiel thinks that my mind is gone
I'm a man of the land, I'm into discipline
Got a Bible in my hand and a beard on my chin
But if I finish all of my chores and you finish thine
Then tonight we're gonna party like it's 1699"

What I don't understand is when Amish take a buggy....And there is only one person....Why not just ride the horse?!
The player hard at work. 
This should be made into a movie.
That is just indescribably cute.
I expect to see the love story from this on the front page in 20 years
This is sickeningly sweet. I love it.
Well this is the cutest thing I have seen on the internet in a while
Not sure he is really Amish. Doesn't look like he has a beard.
This is wonderful. If they stay friends he will have someone to guide him for his rumspringa.
Wholesome
This makes me very happy 
God being a toddler is priceless
This warms my cold, dead heart! 🖤💕
If Banshee has taught me anything, it is that this is going to end badly. 
This looks like the beginning to a cute love story❤️
This could be the beginning of a really good movie.
Is it weird to ship five-year-olds...? Because I want these two to have a 90 year love story that gets turned into a movie.

Not that they'd be able to watch it if she turned Amish. 

Can you even turn Amish?
So cute. 
When she grows up and say to her that 35k people know her little childhood secret, she is going to fucking murder you lol.
Why is his head so big?
Probably my best boss ever was an awesome Amish guy that treated me better than any other boss before or after him.
Not so secret anymore....
God dammit. I'm a pessimistic open mic comedian, but you melted my icy heart. Live long and prosper.
That is so beautiful to see, bless them both...thank you for sharing.
This kid *actually got a pony*.
Does that kid look like he has a giant head or is just me?
How do I love this post?
Her posture tells more of a story than the cart and horse combined. Very sweet.
A little early for rumspringa, no?
Adorable! It's healthy for kids to learn of subcultures.
His head looks ginormous...😱
If she can see herself to let go of her proud buttons, perhaps she could join his mother at the butterchurn.
Secret until his Parents find out with it all over Reddit.... wait, no. Nevermind.
Aww the good old days without tech !
I sense a very sad love story in the making..
that's the cutest thing ever
At that age a pony might as well be a Ferrari
I hate anyone who ever had a pony growing up.
Hows this work?

!remindme 15 years TinygirlAmishboyFuture
Better lovestory than twilight
Little Jebediah
Question, why are they secret friends?
Did you use the amish boys camera to the photo? because the quality is shit
Amish they all could be California girls!
Something about that pictures seems off. The boy's head, his body... it's... odd... and it makes me uncomfortable.
The Rubberbandits wrote a song about something like this. 
The title made me think this was a /r/nosleep post
Mr. Steal your girl
I hope this boy grows up and leaves this restrictive religion 
So he's 5 years old and is driving his street legal vehicle on city roads, and *he's* the backwards one? I see he also has a pony. The kid's got game with the ladies.
r/accidentalrenaissance 
Three words. Amish. Pedophile. Midget.
She's gone amish him when he gone
sweet
This is like a plot to a lifetime movie.
That kid gets laid
The Simpsons
Is it bad I'm jealous he has his own cart and his own little horse. That shits fucking cool!
Oh my goodness, this picture is so simple yet heartwarming. Thanks for sharing, OP!
Rumspringa!!
I see a summer romance flick brewing.
He just smiles at her and turns the other cheek.
Yo that boy's head is giant af
Amish kids can't have a bike ? 
Awh isn't that cute :) 
The prince on the white horse 
why does his head look so big?
I feel like this was a South Park episode before… 
Thats an Omelette 
i bet that boy has really cool life with his little cart and pony. 
This is precious 
Take a better picture, That boy looks like a gremlin and its a little scary.  if i cover the head its really sweet.
Wait, so Amish people really exist?
Somebody please make a subreddit for them.

Congrats on taking that picture and stealing his soul
This is absolutely adorable 🇺🇸❤️
When the world runs out of electricity, the Amish will rise. 
Tiny person in a tiny cart with a tiny horse and a tiny crush. 
He seems like a good candidate to leave the Amish life when he turns of age. 
Is it just me or does his head seem really big :/
Breaking Amish ?
The amish are not fans of pictures at all.
Are the little boy's proportions correct? Looks more like a scene from a horror movie.
Following up next 2 generations on "How I've met Your Mother".
Planning the Rumspringa awful early
This is so cute. :)  Why is everyone saying it's a romance?  They're little kids.  They're *friends*.  That's part of what makes it so sweet. 
"Oh, top of the morning to you. l'm Hezakiah Munson. l'm passing through on my way to Ohio."
Ahh...forget about love man. They're just enjoying each other's company...and that's a beautiful thing....sob :'(
If american films have taught us anything, its that these two will try to get married but the parents will try to stop them. Starring jack nicholsan as both disaproving fathers and eddie murphy as the preist when he finally comes to.
Whats with the UFO in the pic?
I sure hope his family doesn't see this on the internet....
This looks like a decent romance movie
That Amish kid's head looks enormous.
Kind of cute. Tell her if she plays cards right she too could have eight children, and 200 acres of land worth a few million.
Is he using a mini horse? Really?
I recommend the crime drama/romance [Witness](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0090329/) to anyone looking for an amazing movie about the Amish, starring Harrison Ford and Kelly McGillis!
little does he know that his pony will only help him land a crazy b%$#(
r/awww-mish 
*Years Later*

"Run, Jedidiah! Run!"
They see me rolling, they hating...
That perfect blend of creepy and awww..
They grow those heads big in Amish country.  
Meg?
These violent delights have violent ends.
Is it me or does that Amish kid have a HUGE head?
He probably (definitely?) isn't vaccinated 
It's always nice seeing something on r/aww that's not a fucking racoon
Awwmish
She is keeping her distance because he is trying to lure her away to sacrifice her to 'He who walks behind the rows'    
A local boy kicked me in the butt last week.

I just smiled at him, and I turned the other cheek.

I really don't care, in fact I wish him well,

'Cause I'll be laughing my head off when he's burning in hell!
Amish you. Amish you too.
Guys Amish people aren't really cool with having their  pictures taken for the most part. 
Little Amish Boy has better play than I do.
Love
And that little boy will one day be shunned by his family for wanting to make his own in modern day America. 
This must be the pre-automobile version of cruising the strip on a Saturday night. Hey girl... wants your name...you wanna go for a ride? Sure you friends can come along.

He's scouting out for when he goes though Rumspringa in about 18 years. Smart lad. 
You know you just got him thrown in a huge pile of hay bales,  bc the Amish Mafia is always watching , and has to eat his way out with only a wooden spoon and a scratchy napkin.
this picture will be used again in 20 years to show where their love started, calling it now.
Getting friend zoned at an early age?
Holy crap! It's Timmy and his time travel service from Stick of Truth!
Religious cult or inbred hillbillys.
Anyone else notice the extremely large head?
"Will thou likest to go churn butter with me?" 


The Amish kids would come to my place and offer to shovel the snow off of the driveway, they ruled.
beets bears battlestar galactica
That's cute. Flash forward 30 years and they're either gonna be married against the odds or he will have fond memories of that summer where his secret friend showed him a glimpse of the outside world through sips of soda pop and playing on her iphone.

Ext. Day

Sound of Horse neighing - vinyl screech.

Freeze frame

                            BEN
I was ten years old when I fell in love.
I want to know what that tiny little horse sounds like when I walks/gallops.
Adorable. This should be a painting.
"Do you have a cold?"

"No, just a little hoarse."
look at them,  these kids are each others crush <3
why is his head so big
I see the beginnings of a Romeo and Juliet story here...
This is so beautiful! 
I was having a rough morning and this made my heart smile. 😊
Sounds like the beginning of a romantic comedy
When I first looked at the image I saw the carriage and horse as normal size and thought the person on it was wearing a mascot head or something
Spoiler alert- a couple days later MacGyver saves them after they fall into a well.
That is honestly the most adorable thing I've seen today.
These 2 are gettin married one day! 
Looks like he's been spending most his life, living in the Amish Paradise
He's counting down the days until his Rumspringa! 
This is going to be a Lifetime movie in twenty years.
Boy is he going to be disappointed in a few years....

...when he has to get a bigger horse so they can share a cart...
This picture alone says so much. I know a picture is worth many words, but this is just powerful. 
They might have just lost an Amish from their ranks. They do that thing at 16-21 rumsringer (don't think that's spelled right) if they are still friends at that time he might not ever go back
Invite him in to play some Mario cart 
Everything about this is so charming! 


This is like a modern day Romeo and Juliet 
I can imagine the Amish boy courting the little girl

"Um.. do you wanna take a ride on my buggy. I got one horsepower and she goes from standing to trotting in just a few seconds." - Boy




Call me crazy, it's a cute picture, but I don't think a young kid should be on the roads with a horse and wagon. I've actually had my car hit while it was parked by a 15 yr old Amish girl while she was driving a horse and buggy down the road. Not that fun they aren't required to have insurance and you have to sue them to get damages covered.
[deleted]
So sweet. :) <3 The world needs more cross-cultural exchange (I'm being serious).
Friendships like this happen all time when different  cultures, races and religions are next to each other especially with children that haven't been exposed to their parents prejudices .
 
Fucking Amish
This is so damn adorable. 
She just likes his pony
I think a lot of people are mixing up Amish and Menonnites in this thread. 
While this is an adorable story, OP, if you're the one who took this photo, this really isn't cool! The Amish have a cultural tradition that prevents photography. They do not want to be photographed! (Something about the photographic likeness of themselves taking away from their soul?) please respect this little boy's family's values and don't take another photo like this one. 



Edit: I said this downthread but it got burried and I think it bears repeating:


> I could be mistaken, or it could be only certain Amish folks who object to photography. I remember seeing some show on like TLC or something a while back where they were filming at an Amish owned store and one of the proprietors was happy to be in film, and even had a cell phone that he kept at work for his business, but then other shop workers were not okay with their faces being in camera and the filmers just shot footage of their feet while they were talking. As with any culture, the Amish have varying beliefs and practices among themselves.
Something seems amiss-h
Skrrt skrrt

Eyy gurl, get in 
Fireworks are currently keeping me awake, suddenly an Amish lifestyle is looking attractive. 
[deleted]
That is the most precious fucking thing I've ever seen
"Amish you" 
why is his head so BIG?
That girl looks all wrong. Her spine is curved forward, her jeans look like they're up her ass in a way they shouldn't be able to be, and her overly large boots appear to be made of more jeans. The whole thing just looks weird as fuck.
YOU DONT HAVE TO BE LONELY, AT FARMERS ONLY DOT COM!
Don't let inbred brainwashed cult members near your innocent offspring.
[removed]
that kids got better game and horsing skills than i can ever hope to achieve
"The midget is back."
Why don't they text?
This picture replenishes my faith in humanity.  

If I could remove the corruption from humanity and return everyone to such a pure and innocent state... I would.  

Well that was a nice moment.  It would be nice if we could live in such moments forever, but we cannot.  I'll see you guys in the other subreddits where we antagonizing each other over petty things such as the way you make your food or politics.  

Happy 4th of July.  
this is so off topic...fail. mods are failing at their jobs
Am I the only one who is concerned that a young child is "driving" on a roadway by himself? We have Mennonites here and nothing freaks me out more than when five kids under the age of 10 are cruising down the road with their pony cart...
We know who he is doing on Rumspringa...
Nope. Not on my watch. Get your little big headed ass off my property boy. Leave my daughter alone.
maybe one day she might become one of his 7 wives
I am not sure if that is a little amish boy, or if you caught a photo if her imagery friend. Possibly a midget man. 
That boys gonna be shunned if they find out
Just tell her to be careful. Amish people have very strict rules about interacting with outsiders and he could get into a lot of trouble if they find out about this.
Nothing cute about religious extremism. 
These two kids know more about being human than half of us fucks out here in the playground right now. We can learn a thing or two from this picture.
Lol what fucking weirdo the Amish are, got the little kid running around with a horse and buggy. Should slip the kid an iPhone, taint him with the devils instruments hahah
Keep her away from those weirdos
Photoshop

Aren't Amish people inbred?
[deleted]
Before you know it, he is going to ask her to say hello to his little friend.
aww thats so weird to have an Amish family down the block I wish I did too look @ that horse
Forbidden love.
They need to build a treehouse now.

I mean, I bet he knows how to do it.
Jebediah and the girl yonder 
You blew it,it's not so secret now,there is an Amish mafia,ya know...
I think there was a MacGyver episode with this plot.
Young Dwight and Angela
Are those rubber wheels?
They're going to be married one day, guaranteed. Can't wait for the movie.
This would be a good start to a horror movie
Those trees look sassy....and cold...
[deleted]
It's the most hilarious thing ever that little Amish kids have little mini buggies with little midget horses instead of having a little electric mini-car like most kids have.



That's the funniest thing I've seen in quite a while.
Is he wearing the same leather straps the horse is..? 
It looks like they could be normal size humans and that's just a massive mailbox 
dude is trying to holla at your cousin.
Secret to who?
The kids whittling a rumspringa countdown clock as we speak.
If they don't grow up and get married I don't know what love is.
This is gonna be one of those movies right? Where the little Amish boy grows up with this love for a girl in the outside world and when Rumspringa comes around he has to make the ultimate life decision, keep his life with his family, or live in the outside world with his one true love. 
Ok am I the only one that got startled by this picture? If this was a movie poster advertising a scary movie 10/10 I would go watch it
Cute :)
Why are they secret friends? Amish are allowed to have English friends. 
Damn kid has more game than me, hes like six and he's got his own ride... 
No, no, no, kid don't look at it! It's so sweet it'll give you diabetes, NO!


I love how they try to be all anti-technology, but as a slap in the face, the government makes them put an orange reflective triangle on the back 
Anyone else seeing the size of his head?

The Rumspringa I see it ahead
Well... I hope he enjoys being cast out, shunned, and being on an express elevator to Hell.
Does the little guy already have a beard? It kinda looks like it. Hahaa
Outlander!!
Do they still put a sack over potential wives and kidnap them?

j/k (because Reddit will likely take it seriously)
/r/amish
Has no one realised how huge this kid's head is? It's as big as the horse's. 
For some reason I picture all the Amish men having bad Dad breath.
He saving her for Rumspringer
Why is his head so big? 
Lancaster County?  I was born and raised in Manheim!
Why are they secret friends?
They'll make a love story about this. How he wants to be himself, but his family and obligations hold him back. She's the girl that leaves for college and comes back in a relationship only for her Amish friend to break free from his shackles and confess his love to her. But this wasn't the love story we're hoping for. He has to learn a harsh lesson that people don't wait forever. Cheer up though! The movie will end with some chick sitting next to him at a rest stop and with nothing to lose he asks her some question. The screen fades to black with the main character and his new friend smiling endearingly at each other. 
Aww, can y'all send him along with a note to his parents setting up a play date somewhere Amish-approved? It would be such an enriching learning experience for both of them. 
Literally watching Flipped right now and I see this. Sigh* 
Better believe when he's old enough, he's not coming back from rumspringa.
so
This made my day. I'm saving this! 
I'm a man. This has emotion, I think. Disgustingly adorable. 
If you like the Amish, check this out...

http://www.stuffyoushouldknow.com/podcasts/who-are-the-amish.htm
Amish children are large 
Times have changed, I guess rumspringa starts even earlier now.
This guy fucks! 
This is the most precious thing I've ever seen. Young friendship is a beautiful thing.
He's ready to Rumspringa so badly.
Omg that little pony and little cart and little kid, it's so adorable.
If they're not married in 20 years, I hate life.
temptation from the dark side
Needs more jpeg
This is like the notebook or something... id start developing that screen play! 
Then Harrison Ford shows up and starts a fight
This just makes me think of banshee
He's a PUA
Ok! I gotta say... that cute as all kinds of get out! ... 
Photographs of the Amish are highly discouraged.  


However - this is so so sweet!
The next English love story in the making... 
If that's a horse, that's one big kid. 
I ship it
Just wait until the Amish Mafia hears about this 
This photo is hurting my eyes
I think the little girl probably just wants to take his little pony
He looks HUUUGE
Maybe one day they'll get married and the Amish incestuous gene pool can be a little diluted.
Good ol' humanity making me second guess again 😏
Why is it secret?
Do they ever get any closer then that or just talk to each other from 15 feet away? 
She just wants him for his pony
20 years from now he'll be trying the exact same move and she'll call the cops.  The ravages of aging go far beyond the physical.
But, on a serious note, this is so cute.
Your cousin is in a Disney movie... watch out for the necessary anguish in the middle and remember it always ends happily ever after.
