Older kitties look perpetually pissed off. My 12 year old tuxedo also has some serious RBF! 

Edit: He's also a boy. :D 
/r/seniorkitties

edit : this is an excellent subreddit **BUT IT CAN BE VERY VERY SAD** since people sometimes post goodbyes and tributes to their departed kitties. Don't click in if you're not ready for it. That said, that's only about one in fifteen links, so OP, your venerable fuzzbucket should still be crossposted there!
Since this post got WAY more attention than I thought, I just want to give a little background. Her name is Phoebe and my parents got her before I was even born. She's been part of my life for, well, my entire life. She's still really healthy (apart from going a bit deaf) - thanks for the upvotes!

Edit: TOP OF THE FRONT PAGE? Finally Phoebe gets the recognition she deserves.

Edit 2: Lots of people asking what she eats. Normally, she eats Felix cat food, but as treats she eats prawns and whipped cream (not recommended for other cats...)

Edit 3: Hey guys, a lot of you seem to want more pictures of Phoebe. Instead of flooding r/aww with them, I created an Instagram for pics - follow it for more Phoebe goodness! ===> @benzcats

Edit 4: Months after the post was posted, and it’s finally reached 100k upvotes! Thanks! Also, to anyone interested, Phoebe is still healthy as ever.
Wow! How is he/she doing?
[deleted]
That cat looks completely sick of this shit
I've never wanted to pet a cat so badly in my entire life. 
That's pretty amazing. Not many live to be that old. You're both very fortunate.
[deleted]
Only 90's cats will remember this.
Crazy how long they can live.  Makes me realize that my cat is about 15 years old, I lost track.  Vet does have the exact birth date, I need to write it down next time I go.   Was in high school when I got my cat and now I'm on my 10th year working full time and live in my own house.  We've been through lot of shit together. :P 
Front page! Thanks guys! Well, thanks my cat...
That cat has seen some shit

Still very awwww tho
That cat is majestic as fuck, and deserves wet food every night
Khajiit has wares, if you have coin.
She looks concerned for job prospects after getting an art history degree.
That cat looks incredible for it's age! When my cat died at 16 he looked absolutely awful; super skinny and losing hair and stuff.
She's my age, yet she looks so much better than me? 😍
And you're sure it's not professor McGonagall? Have you ever seen her transform into a witch and start levitating stuff?
S/he has so much character! Give them scritches for me.
The cat I took to preschool show-and-tell with me in 1988 when my parents first got her for me, is still alive and looks pretty good.  She turns 30 in about 7 months.

Edit: yes, it's true.  Fortunately, I'm a few years over 30 and don't live with my parents anymore (and haven't for about 15 years). I don't even live on the same continent anymore, so strolling home to get a photo isn't going to happen (nor is calling my elderly parents and giving them instructions on purchasing an iPad or camera, and how to email me a photo....they still have a VCR) - but the last time I saw the cat was about 6 months ago and she looked just fine.  She's been an indoor cat her entire life.
He such a handsome old man!!! 
What a stately cat! You must be doing something right.
The cat even looks old. I'm sure that's 999 in cat years 🐈
It looks so healthy! Keep kickin my boy 
I love that aged/wisdom look of old cats. Cats are one of the few animals that just seem get more dapper and beautiful as they age. Love them!
Wow! Looking great for a 23 year old!!
I was on my way to /r/redditgetsdrawn but saw Phoebe on the front page and had to draw that old cat. 

http://imgur.com/wJbEkVO
"I've seen some shit."

-Cat
1 upvote = 1 pet
He's absolutely gorgeous.
Aw, such cheeks!
Wow how is he so old? That's pretty crazy. Why do some animals live so freakishly long compared to the others? 
r/seniorkitties
That's 145 years old in human years 
I'm sitting at Starbucks and my eyes are tearing up. I miss my old kitty.
Day 6,482: The human has refused to die by me fluffocating him and his evil electronics. It seems we have reached a pinnacle where I must out live him. To all who read this, if you find my body, make sure to flick my turds out of the litter box and onto his favorite shirt.- Love Scruggles. 
He's seen some shit. The catnip definitely helps I bet.
He looks like the kind of cat to have coin if someone were to happen to have wares
90s kit
OMG! God bless Phoebe! My aunt had a 23 year old (could've been older, he came to her as a stray, but she fed him/let him in for 23 years) and I thought that was a once in a lifetime story. Thanks for giving me hope that my babies might be with me that long! 
Cat: "Back in my day a tin of Sardines only cost $0.14 if ya knew what alley to go to.
she has seen some shit
This cat looks fuckin wise, I'll bet it's full of good advice.
This cat is as old as I am...but has lived nine times as many lives.
His face looks like hes 23 years into being tired of your shit
She looks mean. Our vet told us the mean ones always live longer. 

She's probably wonderful for you, but not your friends. 
That cat has seen some shit
I thought for sure my cat was going to live that long! She was such a kitten. Miss you every day Luna. 
I LOVE HER
Phoebe is older than most of this subreddit.
What poise! What refined elegance! So grace in her age!
"Damn kittens! Get out of my litter box!"

I have a 13 year old cat, but 23? Holy shit!
I'm 23. Holy shit.
She's beautiful. Y'all have done a terrific job taking care of her. She looks amazing! I had a  female kitty that lived to be 21.5. I have a chronic illness that would cause me to be bedridden. Sometimes I'd be in bed, resting. I'd fall asleep and she'd wake me up by softly putting her paw on my arm or hand. I'd open my eyes to see her two big green eyes staring into mine. It was the most comforting thing......
What a lovely old lady
Khajiit has seen it all
You are so lucky! Enjoy every moment with your beautiful little gal. I lost my best friend of 17 years this year. Lucky for both of us he was doing well right up to the end.
Wow, so smart and wise.  Also totally done with your shit!  Please kiss her on the bridge of her nose for me.
Why do old ass cats always look like they just woke up
My cat lived 23 years as well, the vet told us every visit, put him on a diet or he will have short life, I believe he outlived the vet. 
Can someone photoshop a cigar and a Vietnam era military helmet saying "Born to Meow"
FYI when you've had a cat since before you could remember/before you were born 
When they finally leave you, you will still dream about them, feel them next to you, and see them in the corner of your room. 
The look in his eyes says "I've seen some shit"
She is gorgeous! I have a kitty who is 19 - been my buddy since I was in grade school. This gives me hope that she has several more healthy years ahead! You're lucky to have such a special furry friend in your life. Cheers to a long, happy life! :-)  
Your cat is older than me.
He looks like he secretly knows how to talk
She is gorgeous 
Wow, I really hope my kitty live this long, she's a beautiful 23 year old <3
That cat has seen some shit.
"I have seen some shit."
Cats don't age as visibly as dogs. Older cats just look like they have permanent bed head. 
Damn.  Your cat was born during the Clinton presidency, and then lived through 2 terms of Bush, Obama X2 and now Trump. 
My Abigail was a lavendar point apple headed Siamese.  I watched her being born and she was with me her whole life..she died at 23 years old.  During our years together...I finished high school..moved out of home, met my future husband..got married...became pregnant...and my husband said I had to get rid of the cat because of the baby coming!  I remember telling him that if anyone goes, it would be him! And that Abby had seniority over him anyday!  My son actually had 2 moms...Abby absolutely doated on him!  He was HER baby!  If he started crying, she would keep running between me and the baby until I came and fixed whatever was bothering him!  As things turned out, my husband and I were divorced when our son was 3...so..it was a good thing Abby was there to help raise the boy!! LOL...
I remember our last "talk"...My son was leaving for school and I had to go to work and Abby was lying on a fluffy rug in front of the refrigerator (you know, where the heat blows out in front) and she got up and meowed at us just as we were about to leave...so we went back for one more ear scratch and cuddle and put her back on her rug...and left.  She was still lying there when we came home...so, apparently, she knew she was leaving and called us back for that one last 'goodbye'.  
If pets aren't allowed in Heaven, I want to go where they ARE allowed..because I have a dear friend waiting there for me...
Dude that is the best looking 23 year old cat I've ever seen. The guy looks like he can live until 30!
This is the only thing I'm jealous of when it comes to cats. I wish my baby (a dog) lasted half as long as this gorgeous cat buy sadly it seems he was destined for something different than I had hoped for. I used to not want pets and actually was put off by the idea. My gorgeous SoB made sure I changed my mind on the idea of what companions can be like.  OP I hope you've had a happy life with your cat and have appreciated your life with him. I'm so god damn jealous.
My 21 year old seal point apple headed Siamese died this year, he was healthy until his last month and a half. We thought we could get him back to health and it was working for a while but then he started getting worse again. It's nice to see other senior cats still going strong into their early twenties!
She looks so badass
This is so precious, I love how angry old cats look. When  was younger I had a cat that made it to 20 and had lost an eye and looked like a grizzled veteran of many kitty adventures. 
This is crazy. Just had to say goodbye to my 16 year old dog the other day. It's really weird not having him around, he's been around almost as long as I can remember. Here are a few pictures of him I got a couple weeks ago

https://flic.kr/p/UjoJ3H  
https://flic.kr/p/UjoYjt  
https://flic.kr/p/ViqQg7 
Any special diet tips? Does she eat a lot of human food. I heard the world's oldest cat 36 years old, ate a lot of human food, very little cat food.
I've never seen a cat that old and still look healthy, 'cause in my country, there are people who hunted dogs and cats  then sell them  to restaurant for meat. That's suck. 


He looks like that if he turned into a human, then he would be a 19th century British Butler with many stories to tell and says, "ah, yes master." After every sentence. A kind fellow indeed!
I wish my Tigress had lived half as long 😔
Damn. I wanted to share this with my girlfriend because her cat was a calico. But then again, she would've been 22 this year. I'm hoping my sister's cats live that long. C:
You don't see many cats that look wise. 
Your cat has better cheek bones than me 
She looks like you should bow before her. Egyptian Princess Phoebe. 
"I will now take your offering, Hooman."
This cat screams "experience"
Did your cat vote? 
my brothers cat/ our family cat just  died today  he was 15 yrs old :( he was a good cat
Wow, this little cutie has seen more life than I have. 
Wow! God bless her!
She's a lovely looking cat. Here's to more years…
It looks so done
Don't know why. But if that cat could talk. I'm hearing a Sean Connery kind of voice coming out of it.


Khajiit has wares if you have coin.
That cat looks like it's seen some shit
Not looking trilled about it either. 
"I'm 23, I'm a cat, I don't. Give. A. Fuck."
Cat has seen some shit.
What a beaut!
She should know a few minor illusion spells by now. Blur, invisibility, mirror image.
Gorgeous kitty friend you have. I wish her good health and a multitude cuddles for the remainder of her years. My old girl lived to be 16. They truly become family. 
This one bares the many scars of war. The warm sands of my homeland are what this one craves most. This one has enough coin for several lifetimes.
Oh my gosh that is so great! And looking pretty spry, I'd say, for being a feline super-senior! My cat Sammie lived to be 21 and 3 months and was only ever more dear to me at the end than when she was an orphaned kitten! 
He looks so wise 
It's wearing that old person "Git off my lawn!" face.
I love this serious look old cats get when they age. My 15 year old cat is exactly the same :)
That cat has killed to live this long. This is a Highlander cat.
Love this picture 
Older than me damn 
Older than the average redditor. Mad props!
Love this pic...when his/her Time comes, I know it will be sad but still happiness knowing that it was a good life 
That's amazing! My oldest cat lived to be 19. I hope she continues a long and happy life for years to come
Look at those eyes. She's seen some serious shit, no doubt about it. ;)
[Word cloud out of all the comments.](http://i.imgur.com/eSNfzgC.png)

I hope you like it
That cat has had enough of your shit. 
A well-wizened pirate kitty
Wow. She looks like she's still very sweet.
I realize fox is not a cat but i think this kitty would suit his helmet.
Still cute at 23. Cats are magical
What does her day of activities look like at this age?
Pheobe has seen some shit.
You can help your cat keep clean with a wet towel and a brush.
What a legend... 23 years!!
Beautiful old lady ❤️ you're so lucky you've been able to spend this long with her 
*I've seen things you people wouldn't believe...*
My grandmother had an old car named Beaker that passed away at like 19 or 20. She found her as a kitten in a dumpster:( 
That cat saw my dad and uncle leave the house and watched as 6 different grandchildren filtered in and out through the years never once being anything but a kind friend to us. How special our furry friends can be. 
666th comment 🖤
She looks awesome, I hope she stays in good health.
I don't know why but I'd imagine if there were a cat language her voice would be Joan Gerber.
What an elegant lady. Thanks for sharing!
VERY jealous.

We lost our cat this year, was only 9yrs old, almost 10yrs old.

Congrats on having such a great cat for 23 years!
Is that in dog years? 
That cat is older than me!
That cat has seen some shit lol
Kitty's are cuteness 
So beautiful
She is so beautiful!
I hope my kitty lives to be 23. She'll be 2 next month and I want as many years as possible with her.
Fur don't crack
Nobody likes him when he's 23
What kinda cat is that?

I think my mom needs a cat like that since she buys Siamese cats mostly for their lifespans.  
23 years and still tired of your shit.
What a beauty! This makes me so happy to see and hopeful that my 18 year old cat will keep on kicking for a few more years!

I love that fella to death and beyond. 
We just lost our venerable lady back in 2015. She made it to 22, with many misadventures along the way making us think she was going to leave us sooner than she did. We have a puppy now (she would not approve), but I still miss her. 

I hope Phoebe has at least another good decade in her. 
She's the same age I am.  I really hope this is what I'd look like in cat form right now, because she's freaking adorable.
blow him a kiss for me!
Wow. glad to see animals can live this long! My dog is coming on 10 years and is already blind, diabetic, getting stomach problems. poor little guy. glad to see there's animals that can go past their expected life span!
Go buy me a beer cat
What a GILP
23 years old? that is absolutely amazing. She sure doesn't look it.  But she has the look of a cat, that's seen some things in her time. Her expression just says it all.. Like a war veteran :)

What do you feed her ? Dry food, wet food or barf ? 

This is the problem i now have with getting 2 kittens from a shelter. They are 10 months old. I fear the day far in the future "hopefully" when they pass away. Sure ive had pets before, But cats and dogs, they can easily go through 1/4 to 1/3 of your lifespan with you.

That has to be beyond painful to lose, its bad enough losing a pet that only live for be 3-5 years old like rodents etc.
Doin me a cry. My cat of 19 passed away this year. I will cry when I can't go home and pet her like I did most of my life. One day she just ran outta batteries it seemed like, so we put her to sleep. Jah bless that cat. 
Ugh bless this little kitty!!!! I had my cat for 17 years. This is such a beautiful cat❤️❤️❤️
This cat has seen some shit, and has no time for your shit.
What's that in dog years?
Still beautiful!  <3
Kinda looks like a wizard, even has the white beard.
She looks like William Defoe's voice.
She looks about as disgruntled and pissed off as I was when I was 23
She's been through some shit. 
WOW that's an old kitty!:P
Reddit loves its pretty cats. 
"Get off my porch" - the Cat probably

She's got that look that says, "I'm getting to old for this shit."
God damn. I'm 23.
Kitty!!!!
Can I ask what you feed your cat? It's got to be a decent diet if it lived that long. It's hard to access the quality of pet food, so this might be a good opportunity for people to find out what kind of food is good for a long life span for kitties. 
That cat looks like she has some stories to tell. 
What kind of food are you feeding that divine beast?! Seriously though, what do you feed her?
I don't like cats personally, but I do recognize their grace and nobility.

Another group of travelers on this spinning rock. Beautiful creatures.
Wait... 23 years ago... named 'Phoebe'... a cat...

We're your parents fans of 'Friends'? Is this cat named because of the Smelly Cat song?!?
She looks so wise. I feel like that cat knows things...
Doesn't look a day over 20
Holy shit this cat has been around longer than I have and looks healthier than me :(
Upvote for old kitties!  Love home lots!
Is she strictly indoor?
That cat has seen some shit. 
My boy lived to 17 1/2 and I felt he lived a good long life and was happy. Then I see posts like this and wonder if I did something different could he have lived to 23? I wish I still had him with me  he was my baby and I still miss him terribly. He's been gone for 2 1/2 years.  
Any tips for keeping her alive this long? My boy is 14 and I'd love for him to be around for nine more!
"Was I supposed to piss on something this morning?  His shoes?  The DVR?  I really feel like I was supposed to piss on something, but what. was. it?"
She belongs in a movie.  "You've traveled through bandits, famine, and war?  I've seen some shit too.  Prove yourself, and I will teach you the Way of the Phoebes."
Gorgeous. I had a 13 years cat who passed away. She was the perfect cat in my life. Now my heart is empty without her. Cherish your times with Phoebe man. There is no replacements for cats
I know it's hard to believe but Reddit used to be more than kitty pics, Trump tweets, and YouTube drama.  
D'awwwwwww
this cat and i are the same age
She's so 🅱️ucking cute! ❤️❤️
these dang millennials and their squares 
She looks so soft! My cat is 15 and healthy, I hope she lasts as long as this.
What a cute grandma!
The real grumpy cat. Somethin' to be grumpy about. Old age. 
This cat has seen some shit. Salute. 
Just converted her age to human age. And her equivalent of human age is..... 108 years old, and still kicking. Amazing.
it has that look!
That's a cute cat! It definitly has more than 9 lives ;)
What kinda dog is this again?
"I've seen some shit, Man"
r/skyrimIRL
That's a wise elder cat 
I love her
Crazy to think this cat has seen 3 different presidents and one orange turd take office in its lifetime. Incredible, long live Phoebe.
What do you feed her? I want my cats to live that long!
Its like the 'Thousand Yard' stare for cats.  She could tell some stories to other kitties.  And still looks good for an old gal.
TFW a cat has experienced life more than me.
Sexy lil jawn
Glorious!
She is such a handsome cat. I fucking love that grimace on her!! Ohhhhhh I hope my little guy lives that long! Wonderful cat OP thanks for the positive post!
That cat has seen some shit.
What do you feed her? How does she drink water? and what litter do you use? She is really pretty. cheers.

That cat is older than me!
this makes me so fucking happy. literally brings me joy. 
What a sweet looking little fur baby :)
I hope my cat lives this long too <3 
Congrats!!! 
I had a 23 year old calico! She was a fucking badass. 
Regal atf.
Like, 23 in human years??
Awww wow!!! This gives me hope for my 14 year old girl. I'm glad your cat is still living it up! 
She's beautiful!  
I hope my girl can see a happy 20 years.  
This is the most beautiful cat I've ever seen.
So lucky. So blessed. Another five years! I wish my lovely Levi could have lasted as long. He made it to 17.  A part of me died with him. I hope your little princess can keep going healthily for years. Enjoy her and treasure her.
Looking exactly as fed up as a 23 yo cat should look
They look like Ernest Hemingway
Smelly cat, smelly cat, what are they feeding you!
Beautiful ❤️
23 years old and still tired of your shit. 
That cat's older than me and I have a dog. That cat could have a dog.
Flawless af
She's beautiful. She looks like she'd have endless stories to tell. 
23 you say? More like a familiar. Animagus. Whatever you want to call her
23 years old? She looks amazing! Name?
Wow 23 years old he looks great. I wish for nothing in life other than my kitties to live a long life.
Quite clean for an old lass!
That cat has seen some shit.
Your cat is older than me and that scares me.
"kkkkkkiiiilllmeeee..."
Looking good puddy tat. Let me land some smooches on you like that stinky skunk in the cartoons mwah mwah mwah mwah. 
It's the hate. Hate keeps him alive. 
Thank you for sharing. I love seeing old kitties. I just lost my 15 year old girl on June 24th. They are a true gift 💕
Your cat probably thinks they're immortal 
You can tell it's an old cat and it makes it look so much more distinct and gorgeous 
Pet owners of reddit, how do you cope when your pet dies after being a part of the family for a decade or two? It's one of the reasons why I don't like owning the pets. 
A cat from the 90's. 
23 years of pissed off with your shit, human. 
Only 90's cats will remember...
"There's no reliable scientific way to calculate the relationship between human and cat years, but it's generally agreed that the first two years of a cat's life are roughly equal to the first 25 of a human's, and after this, each additional year is around four 'cat years'."

25+(21×4)=109

Phoebe is approx. 109 in cat years. 
Your cats old enough to drink. 
You had a cat for 23 years and you didn't have nothing like a "misterious death"? 

You must be doing something very right 
Beautiful creature
This dude's seen some shit. 
He looks like a salty sea dog

I mean cat
Enough of your shit Tom, It's been 23 years.
He's cute but damn he looks pissed
Congrats!! It’s so amazing to see a kitty live this long ❤️ May I ask if you’re taking any special care of her to have reached this age, or is it sheer luck? Either way I’m so happy for you, nothing better than a long time companion ❤️
FML. They live that long?! I hate my wife's cat so much. She got it the first month we started dating. We're together a little over ten years now. I've been waiting for the little evil mean spirited hissing couch destroying hair shedding house-pooping not nice anti-pet anti-cuddle catankerous ass of a cat to just be gone. Gone one way or the other. This post devasted me. I wish that cat could be anywhere close to your cat. Seriously FML.
He's adorable!!
It's crazy how long some of them live for. I actually just had to put my girl down a couple days ago, she was over 20 as well. Sucks having to let go, but she had a good life, and is in a better place now.
It's facial expression kind of reminds me of Stan's grandpa from South Park. So old that all it wants to do is die. 
Looking great!
The Lou Reed of cats :)
They seem like the type of cat to rip up your curtains for no reason. 
Looks like she's had enough of your shit 
That cat has seen some shit 
He has eyes that have seen too much...
She's gorgeous. I just want to snuggle her 
She doesn't look a day over 15! Seriously though this cat is only a year younger than me. 
Such a gorgeous gal!

What is your kitty's name?
He's 23 years old and sick of your shit
Can I get a statue of that cat?  She looks so majestic...
Thats awesome! How do you do it? My cats are 5/6 years old and i want them to live forever. What do you feed her? What is her lifestyle?
What a distinguished, poised gato of the world.
You might be right 
That's a cat that's seen some shit and no longer gives a fuck. Hats off to your old boy/girl!
Beautiful girl!
Kitty looks very tired of your shit.
The fur looks like it's seen enough licks. Beautiful cat still!
He looks like he's seen some shit. 
She looks like a spring chicken! 
Looking really good for 23
Is that Mrs. Norris!?
Looks surprisingly healthy. You guys must take good care of her. 
Damn, she looks great.
Great to see an old cat like this, I just lost mine, she would have been 22 in one month.
This cat is older than most cs:go players 
He looks not amused. 
She looks like a very sophisticated mature woman. 
That's so impressive! What do you feed her?
Aw she is cute
He's legal drinking age. Hopefully you've taken him to the bar. 
It may be old but it's still very beautiful 
23! I hope my kitties make it to that age. They're turning 14 this December!
She looks wonderful, congrats on being blessed with such a long lived cat.
To imagine the amount of mice this little guy/girl as caught in all those years haha
Wow she looks so much like [my cat](http://i.imgur.com/dA1l7XPr.jpg). I hope mine can live to such old age too!
I have a soft spot for old cats. I lost my 21 year old guy last year. Their personalities are just so vivid.
Looks kinda like a turian 
She has that "I'm too old for this shit" look on her face.
Hopefully I look like this when I'm old... 
[That's roughly 109 years old in cat years!](https://www.purina.co.uk/cats/key-life-stages/ageing/cats-age-in-human-years)
This is proof that burying your shit is much better than airing it out in the open.
This needs a lot more upvotes. Holy crap that cat is old and yet still looks extremely healthy.
Something about your cat makes me think of Garrus Vakarian.
I see your cat as a grizzled JRPG swordsman that would probably have a scar through one eye and a name like Cataclysm. 
He looks like he seen some shit.
S/He looks so over this bullshit, just displeased...might just be because he's a cat. 
She's gorgeous. Caliby kitties are always beautiful.

Do you have any pics of her when she was younger?
For some reason, I wanna call him(her?) "The Guv'nor." I don't know why. Lovely cat, indeed. 

_Edited: Auto-correct fail._
Awwww, my cat guiness is 19 years old and has the same sweet old cat look.  I hope that you and your cat have years more together <3
What brand of food do you feed her???
That cats seen some shit. Well done.
The face of a cat that has seen some serious shit.
holy fuck the worlds oldest cat was 38!
[deleted]
You are very lucky ❤️
So, your cat is 108 human years. Wild!
Look like she's tell the kittens to get off her yard
The cat is 6 years older than me.....
She looks like she's fought in 'nam 
Looks like your Cat is in good shape still! Wish him long and happy life! 
I used to think all cats could live to be this old but mine seem to pass around 10-12 years. 
older than you
Sassy as always 
You can see the wisdom that radiates from this beauty. 
This cat has seen the nineties.
That cat has seen some shit. Damn. 
What country? And what does the cat eat? 
[deleted]
What is she like?
What's her diet consisted of these past 23 years? I'd like to ensure my Skillet has a good run as well! 
23 years??

it looks way younger
Why can't humans age that well?
Have you checked with the Ministry of Magic to make sure that isn't just a Animagus? I just want to make sure you aren't harboring a runaway/fugitive/amnisiac witch or wizard.
Had a 28 year old named Tux. They are so great in the elder years
Aww she is older than me

Christ. This asshole can live over 20 years.  
W I S E G I R L E
I'm a year older than your cat, I feel old...
Awesome.  Thanks for sharing this!  She looks amazing!
Patrick Stewart would totally nail the voice-over for that cat's life story.
Great condition for such an old cat, you must spoil the shit out of her, lol. 
She is a beautiful sweetheart. You are very fortunate to have her. I am looking forward to you posting again on her 24th Birthday  :)
Dhe has seen shit
I had a cat that loved 22 years, fed her nothing but cheese and milk.
The stories she could tell... <3
She is beautiful! Glad to hear she's had only one home her whole lifetime. 
He wants you off his damn grass and to get a job. Lol
My 2 cats sandy and Shelly are 14 and they are sisters. I've had them since I was 4 years old. I hope they live this long
My cat is currently 16. Still has good hearing and eye sights, not so many teeth left though.
WoW! She is truly a beauty queen & she can definitely Strike a Pose. Congratlulations.
"I've seen some shit, now get the hell offa my lawn."
Adopt a Senior Cat today. They have infinite love.
Makes me miss my doggo.  This is an excellent companion.
Love this! My cat will be 17 this year and he's basically deaf, but other than that still making it to the litter box in the basement and doing cat things! We suspect he has some arthritis but I'm so grateful he's been in my life this long. I got him when I was 4 so I grew up with him, too. He's a rag doll cat and the warmest, snuggliest ever. 
Oh my god I love her! 😍
My grandmothers sister had a beautiful cat named Marina, She lasted 25 years :3 she got blind thanks to the years but she was a very lovely and nice cat.
She is regal!
Still cute, yet bold at the same time!
Is this a strictly indoor cat? It is beautiful !
Just beautiful.
This cat was born the same year Kurt Cobain died. 
she looks so good!  would def not think she was that old
Looks like a smoooth criminal
That's like, over 110 in cat years. She looks so cute for a little old lady cat. 
Is it just me or does a cat's hair start looking more naturally worn and disheveled the older they get?
So lucky, my cat, which didn't start out that way was "little girl" originally called Bear. Anyway, the older she got the more she loved me. Always finding me, cuddling, best cat ever. Enjoy it, old cats are the best cats!
She has seen shit 
My friend says tell the cat she loves her.
Awe looking so good!! Is that 161 human years? 1 to 7?
Doesn't even look a day over 22!
WOAH!!! She used her nine lives wisely! :)
Wow! She mosy be so smart?! Any stories demonstrating her smarts?
BONA FIDE MONAFIDE 
This cat is Chuck Norris btw
This cat looks like sigourney weaver 
Older than the average redditor.
Wow, my 17 year old seems young by comparison, although she lives with me in my 18wheeler so she's got some miles on her
Dang, didn't think cats lived that long!
Kudos for keeping her healthy and taking great care of her! 😄
Love, love, love, nothing but love for this elder feline. Bowing down.
Sha lil kitty
That's a fucking old ass cat. 
She looks like the type of cat that'd sell me potions while also being condescending in some RPG.
This cat has seen some shit
Can UR cat walk by itself？It's so old,but I can’t discern that.
Whaaaat? Nice!
She's beautiful.
Ah she's a beautiful cat. 
Is that a world record?
This cat looks like he's been through some shit and seen some weird shit
Phoebe is gorgeous take care of that old lady haha! I miss my dog had him for 15 years and it was a great run and now looking to have a cat after 2 years of my dog passing. 
Is it still alive as of this comment?
She looks like every old person ever. Mad at everything for no reason whatsoever. 
Owwww :)
Old ass cat

Give her a fedora and a wandering stick and she looks like one of the wise senseis in every anime.
Is it stuffed?
How do you know that isn't your 5th cat named Phoebe?
I don't think one organism can own another. Maybe you and the cat are housemates! A cat knows things that a human doesn't know. 23 Human years...if we assume a 5 to 1 relationship between cat and human years, is about 115 years old. Tell her that she doesn't look a day over 60 years old! And for a birthday celebration, some raw fish eggs, as in what humans call caviar...would do nicely! What a beautiful cat!
Awesome!
This is one wise gato
Your cat is older than me... I'm 22... How...
I'm 29 and I don't look nearly this good.
[removed]
Majestic af
Every cat past 20 yrs old should be renamed Oracle for the balance of their lives.
That cat doesn't look old, she looks WIZENED.
Has kind of a Chester Cheetah face shape.
She's gorgeous. Cherish that. I don't  wanna be a downer but my perfect healthy cat got sudden cancer and passed away at age 7 two months ago. Way too young. I'm glad you're lived that young. And she seems healthy too. That's great! Give her a kiss for me. 
Awww. Congrats!

[deleted]
Looks like Count Olaf
She's is beautiful little one.  My old girl just turned 16.
Looks like he could be 5. Freaking cats are the vampires of the animal world. 
You should rename her "Meat Rain"
3 years older than me 
Kajit has wares, if you have coin
Your awesome cat looks like Willem Dafoe
Your cat looks like Denis Leary. 
Wow no cataracts at 23??? She is doing great
"What's delaying my dinner?"
This cat definitely knows more about life than anyone college aged or younger. (I'm 21 and clearly this cat is wiser than me). 
What have you fed her? I want my cat to hurt to old age and she is a very healthy 6 year old 
cats don't usually live this long...you sure she's not a animagus?
Omg that cat is older than me. Being 22 feels different now.
She's seen some shit
That sweet little old lady face! 
What a beast
She doesn't look a day of 23!
Got mine 21 years, I understand!
That looks like a good kitty
She looks so good for 23! You go girl!
Awww what a beauty!

I had/have a little girl named Dot. She'll be 20 years old this summer. She was always there for me through everything, and always snuck into the house when I really needed her. 

I haven't seen her in a year now, but I refuse to believe shes gone. I really hope I see her again soon so I can take care of her in her old age and love her again. 

Your little one is beautiful, OP! <3 
At 17yo and still behaving young my cat has people convinced she's really a witch's familiar, but I have to admit Phoebe fits the bill far more
I bet he's a sweeti 
He has seen some shit.
So this cat was around for 1994. That's crazy.
Wise as Fuck!
I must shay, not too shabby at all.
You can tell she been thru some shit
Looks like kitten still
She reminds me so much of my cat!! She's almost the same age, too. The vet suggests that she's about 23 and a half...

http://imgur.com/a/sTt9n
I had a cat live that long. Im sure if he could live longer he would.  
I love hurrrr
What about now?
"I'm getting too old for this shit"
Well done Phoebe, well done.
She looks like she would have been part of my Cat's old gang.

R.I.P. George.
I hope my girl cat makes it to 23.

She's 13, but kinda fat :(
That's so awesome. I have a 16 year old cat now and I'm worried about how long we have left with him. Seeing this beautiful old lady gives me hope!

 May she live another happy 23!
She has seen some shit
This cat has seen some shit.
23 human years or...?
How many lives does she have left?
Nothing surprises this cat anymore. It has seen everything that there is to be seen. 
"I've seen things you can only dream of"
she looks younger than me, and i'm 21 lol
I was just recently given a pet cat. I just recently realized that cats are super cool! I hope mine lives a long life, just like yours :)
Do you wash her?  Her fur looks remarkable for 23!
That cat seen some things, man.  
That this was posted on my actual 23rd birthday makes me think Reddit is watching me. 
Oh my god, this cat is the sweetest thing😻 She obviously has wonderful owners in you and your family if she's lived so long. You are so lucky to have had her in your life for all these years! I wish some of mine could have made it this long 😢 But it always warms my heart to see a feline friend live a long and happy life ❤️
That car looks like it has seen some shit. 
Lookin damn good for 23! None of my cats have made it past 14 :(
"Just take the damn picture already"
O L D G I R L
I hope my baby lives to 23...
That cat looks like it has seen some shit.
My cat is better.
Is she indoor or outdoor cat 
You are very lucky. 
Fake news! No way that young looking thing is 23.
Unkempt millennial
And yet so youthful looking. What's his/her secret?
Lies, that would be a Guinness record.
He looks like he is sick of everyone's shit
I love ancient cats. Whenever they come into my vet clinic, they always have a look of "Fuck this shit, you kids have it too easy nowadays" on their faces. 
the all seer
A seasoned girl :)
An still tired of ur shit.
What do you feed her? What other ways have you kept her healthy?
Your cat is one BAMF! Cats Rule!
"I've seen some sh*t"
Beautiful. I wish my cat lived a couple more years. Miss her so much. She was around 15 years.
Has she gone outside much in her life or is an indoor cat? 
What a wise looking cat
I'd look like that too if I was 161 and still had my wits about me...
I had a cat that was healthy right up until around his 25th birthday. Same situation,  my parents had had him my whole entire life and a few years before I was born. He was my bestfriend.  Please enjoy the time you have left with Phoebe!! I wish I could have spent more with Silly Kitty (yes,  that was the name he's had when gotten from the shelter). I only wish my parents had waited till I got home from my dad's for the weekend to put him down, so I could have been there. 
That kitty has seen some shit
Wtf! I'm literally turning 23 tomorrow!
She is... The Dragonslayer.
Mines almost 21 still going strong. 
Just the right amount of scraggy looking; beautiful old girl. I managed to get a one eyed dude to 21, but damn she looks looks in good nick. Hope she's around for much longer! 
Very Nice i have one like this but younger.
Your cat is older than 2/3 of Reddit users!
What the hell are they feeding her? Seriously, l'm genuinely curious
<3 I bet she's a sweet old lady
Doesn't look a day over 5 :) she's such a pretty girl!
She's really milking those nine lives, isn't she now? Great for her.
Still such a handsome boy. 
hey cutie! she is so cute :D

She's seen some shit
So regal! 
She looks like she's REEAAALLLYYYYY tired of your shit..
Beautiful kitty! I hope my sweet girl lives that long ❤️
23 years old and still hasn't figured out how to kill his owner yet?! Mind-blowing.
..and she is through with your shit. 
Sex beast.
Something so amazing about that old cat face.
She has the same look as my 18 year old cat does: fed up.


That cat is only six years younger than me...That's scary, what did he go through?

Looks good for his/her age!
I have two important points to make; 1: she looks pretty damn good for her age; 2. Getting old sucks
Enjoy your weekend all
There should be a roast me sign next to her
it looks stuffed
she is so beautifulis she on okcupid
Regal AF.
23. Get the fuck outta here.
That cat has seen some shit
He/she is sooo cute
What a beauty 
She looks thrilled! Lol😊
She is beautiful.  I hope all cats can lead a happy, long life. Thanks for sharing her picture!
She's so distinguished looking. I love it! 
She's gonna 🅱ucking die
Cat don't crack.
Love it. I have a 14 year old and an 18 year old cat. I've done everything in my power to prolong their life. They look ten years younger 
