Cat: -sighs and mutters- "We're doing this shit again?" -paw-
...fine I guess I'll join in with your silly games. Not like I'm enjoying it or anything...
I love how the cat gets the hardiest hand shake of them all. 
Have your mallies figured out they're living with a cat? 
That group pressure. :|
Doggo 1: heck yeah human
Doggo 2: aw yes I am chill doggo
Doggo 3: plz no more am tired
Cat: ....................................this is so demeaning
If cats could talk, they wouldn't. 
It's like meeting your voters when no one expects you win the campaign.
That little dog seems like a jerk 
I have a single fluffy cat and hair everywhere is an issue. I can't imagine how bad it is with 3 big fuck off doggos like that.
DERP, DERP, DERP, DAMNIT FINE. 
I always ask for high fives from my patients, this line up accurately
describes the progression of responses I get...
There is no Cat in Team!
[deleted]
The cat wants no part of it. You can tell its a handshake born from political expediency ie. 'Fuck you, I won't give you a reason to give them preferential treatment'
The cat is the only one who realized how badly all of them got ripped off
"Hey! This is awesome! Where's my treat?"

"Hey! This is definitely awesome! Where's my treat?"

"Hey! Oh my gosh, this is awesome! Where's my treat?"

"Screw you, Dave....just...screw you...fine. I hate you."
There's no way. I'm gonna guess she was going for the infamous catslap and the owner grabbed the paw before the average observer would notice otherwise.
Just my left handed inferiority complex kicking in here, but one dog and the glorious cat went with the left paw here....I love them so much.
I can't get enough of malamutes. Sometimes they just look like big derpy bears! It's just not fair how cute they are.
*Reluctantly, cautiously but prettier than ever*
Good boye, good boye, good boye, adecate boye
They need to color that cat like a husky for the ultimate humiliation.
My cat would bite me if I try to shake her paw 
"HOW MANY DANG TIMES ARE YOU GONNA MAKE US DO THIS? I'M ONLY DOING THIS FOR YOU JOHN."
....looks at hand and thinks
"Bitch I'm a cat!"
Rocket Cat: "Well now I'm shaking paws. Happy? We're all shaking paws now. Bunch of jackasses, shaking hands in a circle."
Cat:  *sigh* I'm getting too old for this shit.
Cat: "Why do I live with these idiots"
Are those malamutes??
That poor, poor vacuum.
Fifty percent of pets are left pawed.
"You may kiss my paw" 
You just know the cat is the Alpha in this pack. 
Doggie shake owner hand.  Owner shake pussy hand. 
Cats can't be expected to do anything unless it's on their own time; so typical lol!
I picture the cat like Rocket from Guardians of the Galaxy:

"I'm shaking hands now, ya happy? We're all shaking hands. Buncha jackasses standing in a line, shaking hands."
Even without sound you can hear the "ugh".
[The resemblance is uncanny](http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/222/219/f5b.jpg)
Well yeah, you shake it so hard. Of course he is not eager to do this.
*Wha..? You think I'm just gonna- fine. Okay. We cool I guess.*
I'll just assume that some shitty dad jokes were involved and the cat really hates those but knows that dad won't stop unless they give in.
Poor kitty is probably traumatised living with three big dogs 
It was in a descending order of enthusiasm.
I have a feeling those dogs annoy the hell out of that cat daily. 
I still wouldn't trust the cat.  Its handshake was as limp as a wet noodle.
"*sigh* I guess..." 🐱_/
Cat: *sigh* "You may shake my paw.. "
I'm more impressed that he got all of them to line up peaceably.
The cats like, yeah whatever here's my paw.
I knew it is possible! Everyone us still skeptical when I try to do that with cats, as uf it never happens. 
This makes me happy, great shakes all around
My malamutes do the same thing 
Where's the "put 'er there" dog gif when you need it ?!
Cat prob wants to continue watching the show
[deleted]
This is literally the most amazing video I have ever seen
The cat: Yea, I am still pissed I didn't get any of that tuna sandwich. 
Peer pressure.
Felines don't join these clubs. Oh, alright.
With your powers combined I am Captain Planet 🌎 
There's something weirdly comical about the way he sticks out his hand every time, had me rewatching this thing over and over
The way the cat looks down and licks it's lips in annoyance first, like it's thinking "Really, human? Again?"
"I'm not a f****** dog... Oh allright."
when you are with friends who are doing something you don't want to do, but you still want to be around them and not be called a loner.
That house has to just be covered in hair
I like to think the dogs were watching the kitty intensely
After we adopted our dog, our cats saw her highfiving us for food and petting, and they started doing it too!
"SIGH.

As long as you promise not to post this on reddit.

I have a reputation you know."
Le sigh
Dog 1: HELL YEAH!

Dog 2: Yeah, okay.

Dog 3: Hmm? Oh, yeah, sure.

Cat: I... alright fine
All your dogs look emo
For the last time, I'm not a dog. But anyway, here's my paw - Cat
Imagine the hair in that house.
":Sigh:. If I do the thing, will you leave me alone?"

lol, poor kitty.
Cat: "This is so stupid...."
"I don't know if I'm completely sure on this deal, but since everyone else is doing it I guess okay"
"Why had God cursed me with this existence?"
-Cat
/u/bringmetheoreos don't cry 
That last one is a weird looking doggo
Ha reminds me of Kronks New Groove with the Squirrel Scouts and evil cat lady. 

"Squeak squeak em."
I bet that cat has a great life, being adored and loved by 3 big cuddly huskies... but hates every second of it. 
HI I'M FROM SOUTH GERMANY
cats are dicks
I'm a bro.

I'm a bro.

I'm a bro. 

...Sigh...fine I'll do it ya fuckin asshole
And this is why I love cats :D:D
That is so cat behavior I'm to good for that ok I guess lol thank you I needed that
The cat pawsed a little before giving a pawshake
r/bettereveryloop
Cat: U touching other species now
Conclusive evidence that's dogs are better than cats. 
That is one fluffy household! 
God damn it, I am not a dog! But you probably have treats, so.... 
Cat: You better be breaking out the tuna tonight.
One of these is not like the others.
This is an chinese streamer that makes reguraly vids or streams with his dogs.
Cats are assholes. 
The first dog and the cat are clearly superior because they are lefties
"Fine, I better get 4 temptations out of this"
"Why are we doing this? Where's the treat?"
Thank God someone finally posted the after credits scene to The Emperor's New Groove  
Good trained
The cat required some sort of magic from its jester.
SO MUCH FLOOF <3
Tsundere cat. Hooman, y u ask me do dis? Not like I like you or anything, baka. 
Cat: What?
Human: C'mon!
Cat: Really...? Ok...

I like how they eventually all got less and less excited about doing it.
Dog: "C'mon everybody does it dont you want to be cool!?"
Cat: "meh, okay"

Yes, the cat is always the corrupted one, he his only based on interest! :D
That cate doesn't want too 
amazing
So cute
I am more amazed that they have Mallies being this obedient...

... Jokes. The dog behaviorist in me knows that you can teach any dog anything if you perservere.
This is the best thing ever 
Cats are so funny xD
I'm going to need those dogs. 
You may keep the cat. 
That cat has the same expression as Alan Rickman's character on [Galaxy Quest](https://youtu.be/oewMbg8wFQU)
Yea Tom that's why you don't get a chair
lol
So this is what it's like to own 3 dogs and 1 cat, you always see more cats then dogs
Fucking cats 
C A T S
r/animaltextgifs needs to get their hands on this one
https://youtu.be/Gugd-CukUIs
Very cute
So like whatever 
High five to lasses out there XD
r/animalsthatlovemagic
most of this press ain't gonna fuck wit me  
This is exactly how I taught my pupper to do this trick. All I had to do was show him another dog getting rewarded for the trick and he caught on instantly.
the amount of shedding going on between these four animals has gotta be insane.
Cool man
I don't get this though , why a cat ??? Someone explain
The cat was like: "What?  Go fuck yourself."
Haha/ this made my day 👍
r/animaltextgifs 
that second dog look stupid af. 
Is that last one Peter Chris?
Cat.
It's like when the boss brings his son in on a board meeting.
Do animals have a dominant paw (like how we have a dominant hand)? I just notice 1/3 dog raised its left paw instead of right like the other two. 
Can you imagine the fur in that house?
Beautiful little family
Does cat like her three big boys?
rubbing your fingers together is like "I require something of you cat"
Stupid flanders
The dog is sitting on a chatt. I'm amazed. 
Reminds me of Valerian
Last doggo is cute :3
this is peer pressure! abuse!
This person has gorgeous animals 
So cute. 
I feel sorry for your vacuum cleaner.
your house must be hairy like a salon floor.
Uch...
Was that a maine coon?
Got progressively more reluctant
I can't believe a cat let a person grab it's paw! If I did that to my former cat I would be dead. 
Cat: "When you die I am soooo eating your face."
I wish my dog and cat did that
1)"HeyYYYY Dad...... Me too thanks"
2)"Hello daddy"
3)"Hi ..... Mmm"
4)"I'm tired , hooman"
The Be Sharps!
First dog is left pawed
Cuuute! v(^ _ ^ )V
Cat - could you not jerk my arm around like that, sir. Thank you. 
Cat breed? 
He looks so ashamed of himself.
The best handshake is 3 shakes
I thought it was the second dog for a second and it only got better :D
I had a Siamese cat that knew how to shake a paw.
This is cool
:D
Things you do for cat food
This is why we put a man on the moon and made satellites for the internets and stuff.
Dog 3 is casually sitting on a chair.
r/catsareassholes
Cats are so funny xD  It's like : " Yea dude I know what you want me to do,  but I simply don't want to." 
This describes my situation right now sighhh
"To train a cat, you must first train a dog." - Earth Proverb, 2017
My dogs: There's no food in your hand 

My cat: Prepare to die
To me the cat is more like "uhh, how does this work? Oh yeah! That's how it is."
also, r/BetterEveryLoop
No one turns down a fist bumb!
Of course the cat would be left handed.
I want this guy's job.
I wonder if cats and dogs have a dominant paw?

Some of those dogs were right and one was left
That sign means " I'll give you the money if you did what I want you to do" in China
Poor cat has to deal with 3 big doggos.
This would be so much better if the cat scratched the hand instead.
Reluctantly crouched at the petting line, puppies pawing, begging, waiting on time.
3 huskies oh my goodness now that's a home I wanna come home too
+1. Dog: Hi!

+2. Dog: Hi!

+3. Dog: Hi!

+ Cat:Fuck Off, Hi! :))))))))
I mean, if she has no job and all the time in the world. Yeah sure teach our dogs how to shake hands and hate life. What else are you good for. 
My cat looks much angrier when I get him to shake. 
Imagine the hair!
You can almost hear the cat sigh when it's head goes down
This made my day 🐶 
You must have a shitload of hair in your home with these three giant doggos and a cat that fluffy. 
This made my morning! :D
Cats: always ruining things 
So cute❤️
How did he get all his pets around him at one time?
I don't know why, but I love this shit!
They're so fluffy!
The first doggo is a lefty!
What kinda dogs?
u/zed_ae
What kind of dogs are they?
The look on that cat's face says, "Why the fuck do I live with so many dogs?..."
Your house is covered in hair 
Cat only complies after OP offers cash bribe
Two of them left pawed and two of them right pawed.
Nope.... fine alright.. god cant wait till we take over your stupid race. Uh I mean.. meow
It's taking me about 4 months to get my cat to shake a paw, but she's getting there! 
And MY axe!
Still love the gif of the derpy dog handshaking with his tongue out
Cat:What the stupid game...
Anyone else more impressed he managed to get all of his pets in a row in order to do this?
There is actually a longer version of this where they also high five.
If i have to.
there's always that one team member who wouldn't cooperate 
Perfect split of right vs left pawed
my cat also knows how to sit and shake and stand on her back paws, but she is like a dog in that she gets so excited for treats that she forgets what she's supposed to be doing.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=hrQdi7UGjvU

Reminds me of this: Emperor's New Groove
Breakfast, lunch, dinner and a snack.
"I am living in my own private hell."

-cat
Not this shit again
Get a job, Jerry.
"Ugh fiiiine"
Malamutes are the best
So many floofs.  So much hair.
The handshake at the end kills me
The more you watch this the funnier it gets. That cat!!!! 
Take 536 cat does nothing
Take 537 cat does nothing 
Take 538 cat touches hand
Take 539 cat does nothing


Statistically that's beautiful. Two of them used their left paw, two of them used their right paw.
I love the hesitation but then the giving in. Plus DOGGOS! 😁
Come on boys haha
Do I have to? Well maybe it will stop.
Shake is my favorite thing, next to high 5.  
Cuzj we.    J
 
[they're taking over](https://i.imgur.com/tJk1d1R.jpg) 
This house must be some kinda fur covered hell
Your cat has the enthusiasm of my basset hound, so I'd call it a win!
Been having a rough week and this is exactly what I needed. Thank you for the laugh and the smile OP❤️
Cat: 'Erm...okeee...but you better start picking my shit up if we are gonna start on this road'. 
"fine... If it means i get food"
...can dogs be...left/right handed?...pawed? 
should name the cat Gandalf
Trust me that was very cute
This is my favorite post ever. That's it. Nothing can top this.
I hope I'm not the only one that appreciates the fact that 2 shake with their left and 2 shake with their right...
"Ugh, again with this drabble? Fine, but you're petting me the most tonight"
am i the only one wondering why one of the dogs is sitting on a chair???
Reminds of this scene from Naruto.
https://youtu.be/Gugd-CukUIs
I love Alaskan Malamutes so much. <3
Hrm. Is that all it takes to get my cat to shake hands with me? I normally must pick their paw up and force a handshake.
I think I saw this one a week ago on reddit. Only the gif was longer and higher resolution
Cat bends the knee
I can relate to the cat. 
cats are so much our superiors.
Literally southpaws.
That's why 

Dogs > Cats
I would make loops like this all day if I had floofs of my own. 
This in irrefutable proof that dogs are better than cats.
Y
Cat only did it because you offered him money
"Alright meeting adjourned. First order of business: We believe there to be an infiltrator amongst us."
i taught both my cats to sit and shake paw it was the best feeling ever now they will do it without treats
I love how the cat also knows how to shake a paw.
I know a lady who trained dogs and even trained her cat to do stuff. Totally possible, they just don't give a shit. lol
what?im fed up with this shit but yu feed me so....
Corey and Trevor, smokes lets go
The cat even kinda looked like the dogs 
i just love how they go down the line and just get less and less enthusiastic 
Aww :)
This is why dogs. 
3 huskies and a cat. RIP OP's house. 
Cat: N-Not like I want to join you or anything, I just dont want to leave you hanging... B-baka.... Nyaa~
[deleted]
Title ruined it.


This is video is the perfect example of why dogs are better than cats
[deleted]
