[Seems to be a common issue with huskies](https://i.imgur.com/PmMhyBl_d.jpg?maxwidth=640&shape=thumb&fidelity=high)

I'll check for the warranty conditions.
"Sorry you cannot print this black and white document. You are out of Magenta ink" -My printer
Hope you could post them again in a few weeks. I'm curious to see how they'll change as growing up.
How'd you get them to stick to the wall like that?
Its Ghost!
Are you sure the white one isn't a misplaced bear cub?
Is there a scientific explanation for why/how this happens? Are all puppies in any litter genetically different to each other like we are to our older brothers and sisters or are they closely linked like identical twins(sextuplets)? 
[deleted]
One for every Stark.
omg they're all so cute!

and a lucky white one! i love them all!
[deleted]
Hewlett-Puppard
Jon Snow: Lord Stark? There are five pups… one for each of the Stark children. The direwolf is the sigil of your House. They were meant to have them.

Bran, to Jon Snow: What about you?

Jon: I'm not a Stark

(Off to the side in the brush there is some movement. It is a small direwolf pup, all white.)

Theon: The runt of the litter – that one’s yours, Snow.
Refill printer cartridge 
PC load letter?
If you are printing in greyscale, a laser dog lasts longer than an ink dog. However, if you do want ink, look into octopi for quality.
Did you try shaking the mom and running the pups back through? 

This usually works for me.
Yours too?! I didn't align my prints but [you get the picture!](http://i.imgur.com/nx5MR14.jpg)
Just one of the reasons Peter Dinklage has advised GOT fans to quit buying huskies. The toner replacement costs more than food and vet bills combined.
They are so round and so cute 😭
Just pick her up and shake her.  
Little guy at the bottom almost looks like a piglet.

I smell a sitcom
Repost 
Damn that was tough, I need a nap - all the pups  
  
*You* think it was tough?!? - Mom
A perfect gradient!
...that's weird... .I swear I've seen this before somewhere, but reverse image turns up nothing.
This picture mildly infuriates me because my HP Officejet 4620 has stopped printing black ink even with new cartridges. 
ITT: Stark Direwolf comments
If their names aren't Grey Wind, Lady, Nymeria, Summer, Shaggydog, and Ghost, I'm going to be disappointed.
Bottom pupper was washed with Oxy Clean™!
I would raise you that my friend's dog ran out of tail, but no pics.  Litter of 8 pups, the last 4 had shorter and shorter tails until the last one has just a nub.
Sorry for the bad news, but the last one looks like a piglet....
All of them have left front paw on top of right except the very bottom one. Literally unplayable



shitcomment aside, that's pretty unique. Is this common amongst litters?
First the office printer, Then my home printer and now this dog...THE END IS NEIGH! 
Better than a pupper jam.
One for each of the Stark children 
Fuck they're adorable. I'll take two!
worst animorphs book ever... 
So was it hard to line them up like this or were they so tired that they just went along with it?
oh my goodness that is absolutely adorable! where they infact born in that order?
PRINTER TROUBLES ARE NOT A LEGITIMATE EXCUSE FOR LATE WORK
Inkjet confirmed.
Shake the puppy cartridge and put it back in.  Then turn your dog back on.
The runt of the litter is pure white.... just like Ghost.
Please adjust your gamma till you can't see the bottom puppy
'There are (amendment) six wolves. One for each of the Stark children! YOU WERE MEANT TO HAVE THEM!'
That last one belongs to jon snow!
Each for the stark kids and one for jon snow
Give them to your kids as well as your bastard son. 
something something OMG IT'S THE STARK DIREWOLVES something something
Shaggydog
Grey Wind
Nymeria
Summer
Lady
Ghost
Last one is Ghost!
LOW TONER?!  FUCK YOUR LOW TONER!  PRINT DAMN YOU!
One for each Stark and the runt for Jon.
You're lucky. She could have malfunctioned and printed out a pup covered in Wingdings.
That ones yours, snow. 
Five direwolves for the Stark children and a runt for Jon Snow.
I have this (completely unsubstantiated) theory that the first born gets the best of everything and then there is less and less for each subsequent sibling. As compensation, the younger siblings are better looking.
Omg the stark family dire olves 
The bottom one is for Jon Snow!
One of these things is not like the others 🎶
It's the Stark's direwolves
You should name the puppies: Grey Wind, Nymeria, Lady, Summer, Shaggy Dog, Ghost (the white one). If you wonder why, ask any Game of Thrones fan
Shaggydog, Grey Wind, Nymeria, Lady, Summer, Ghost.
Isn't this how game of thrones started?
Shaggy Dog
Grey Wind
Nymeria
Summer
Lady
Ghost 
House Stark would be proud.
How did you get them all stuck on the wall like that?
One for each of the Stark children
All husky pups need a pure white one to go to the family's bastard.
Ghost. 
There are 5 pups - one for each of the Stark children. The last one, we'll call him, Ghost.
The angle the photo was taken made me thing they were pinned to a wall for some reason... 😅
Your sister's dog is about to have a bad time with a stag
He was the runt of the litter and i had to have him. Now he's an 80lb. Difus. Most loveable dog ever http://imgur.com/yVTPTCS
If you don't name them after all the GoT direwolves....
One for each stark children and the bastard  
Am I an asshole for reminding people how important it is to spay and neuter pets on a puppy post? Probably
I think this is due to how cells reproduce in animals called meiosis 1 and 2, I'll not blabber on but look it up its interesting stuff 
**this had better be good** 

*click link*

"Hey, this is good!"
Those are the direwolf pups of house stark
So why isn't your sister's husky fixed?...
Aaaaaw
I'm kind of surprised at how much these puppies look like corgi puppies.
Awww ❤️ we need more photos of these baby bears !
Stats say 1 in every 7 turns out to be white.
She had an inkling.
At least she finished the print. My canon quits and shows an error message. 

I JUST REPLACED THE INK CANON
OMFG IT'S A POLAR BEARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
Replace black toner cartridge to continue with print job.
They look like fat little snausages.
You can't fool us!  That last one is a piglet. 
can I have the white one
Looks like the printer is borked. 
Better take her out bsck and Old Yeller her. Toner cartridges are too expensive, better just to get a whole new unit. 
😍😍😍😍
I want one so bad but I know I wouldn't be able to care for a husky. Too much energy.
Just shake the mother a bit.

I mean, it works for ink cartridges, right?
that white husky is going to be gorgeous.
2nd to bottom looks like he has a receding hairline
Pup pup puppiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiies! I like puppies.
Okay so when I read the title I thought the mother dog lost her color during pregnancy. I thought the image was some sort of weird collage that showed the whitening of the poor dog. I was horrified until I realized these are the puppies. Damn.
As a husky owner of two from the same litter, can confirm. They are beautiful! 
Toner cartridge needs a good shake
Reminds me of my bros litter, I got the dark fatty guy. Miss you Doctor. 
u/divinetherose
Always remember to check her Ink cartridges before pressing start.
You didn't have to kill the babies. It's not their fault mommy has no ink left
r/StoppedWorking ??
It took me *way* too long to realize they were on the floor and not the wall...
Not gonna lie, thought the last one was a baby pig for a second. 
[Fixed](http://i.imgur.com/fPKST0S.jpg)
I hope every single one of these cuties have a forever good home in their future.
did you try shaking the ink cartridge? 
>My sister's husky ran out of ink while ~~giving birth~~

printing puppies
Husky Shades of Gray.
This type of breeding must've done wonders for natural selection. Like if they got suddenly put in an environment where it was cold and snowy, those pale couple could save the pack from going extinct 

Evolution, bitches (literally)
Are they all going to be given a proper home? I hear one husky by itself is a lot of work!
Clearly that's photoshopped 
Genuine question. Is this the order they came out of the vagina in?
what i want to know is how she got them to stick to the wall like that.
Of course the blackest is separated from the whitest... smh
Huskeys are like the best!!!
are they ALL dead?

Lmao they have LeBrons gradual receding hairline
There are more witty comments on the first fifty replies of this thread than throughout an entire season of Kevin Can Wait... how do we move the people from here who write for free out of boredom to the network writing staffs who create garbage for exorbitant sums of money.  I don't get how the world is like this.
I want them all. Husky puppies are hilarious
Ink cartridges are just so god damn expensive.
There is one for each Stark child. And Jon Snow
I am surely not the only person who went down the line and said, "Robb, Bran, Rickon, Arya, Sansa, Jon."
so, its 5 for the kids and 1 for the bastard?
One for each Stark child, with the runt of the litter for Jon Snow
One for each of the Stark Children and Jon Snow.
Looks like the start of an Animorphs book cover
Pretty sure these are the Stark pups...
Did anyone wonder how the puppies were stuck to the wall? 
Why does the 4th one look like a boxer?
One for each of the stark children... even one for the bastard
Did they come out in that order as well or were they arranged in post.
Apparently she didn't run out of velcro.
"You have five trueborn children," Jon said "Three sons, two daughters. The direwolf is the sigil of your House. Your children were meant to have thee pups, my lord."
[sic]
Their father understood well. "You want no pup for yourself, Jon?" He asked softly.
"The direwolf graces the banners of House Stark," Jon pointed out. "I am no Stark, Father."
[sic]
Halfway across the bridge, Jon pulled up suddenly. 
"What is it, Jon?" their lord father asked. 
"Can't you hear it? There. He must have crawled away from the others," Jon said.
[sic]
"An albino," Theon Greyjoy said with wry amusement. "This one will die even faster than the others."
Jon Snow gave his father's Ward a long, chilling look. "I think not, Greyjoy," he said. "This one belongs to me."
Did your sister try shaking her, Most Toner's just need to be shaken a bit to start printing darker again.
One for each of the Stark children.
Why are these poor puppies stuck to the wall
This one's yours Jon Snow
GHOST!! you have to give the last pup to Jon Snow
r/accidentalGoT 
Are those the Stark direwolves?  Five normal ones plus an albino!
One for each of the Stark children!
Am I the only that sees the six stark direwolf pups? The last albino one even looks slightly bigger compared to the others just like ghost.
 Yesterday I saw my friend cried because her puppy died from Parvo virus. This post is a bitter cute reminder of that. Please take care of them precious fluffy balls, OP. Cheers. 
This is due to a rare syndrome called furingides and all these dog will die in a couple of weeks
are you sure the lats one isn't a puppy sized pig?
Grey wind, summer, nymeria, lady, shaggydog, ghost
One for each Stark and a Snow.
If you don't call the white one "Ghost". You are wasting everyone's time lol
any chance you got children named rob, arya, sansa, brandon, rickon and jon snow?

Please spay and neuter and adopt! There are lots of animals that need a good home.
The white one might be deaf.
>Overpopulation in domestic animals refers to a surplus of domestic animals, such as cats, dogs, and exotic animals. In the United States, an estimated 6 to 8 million animals are brought to shelters each year, of which an estimated 3 to 4 million are subsequently euthanized, including 2.7 million considered healthy and adoptable.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Overpopulation_in_domestic_pets
so are we just gonna pretend OP isn't lying and this has n't been posted before? People will do anything for artificial internet validation
The 5 are for the Stark children.  The 6th white one is for Jon Snow.
Five pups for the 5 stark children and the white one for Jon snow
[removed]
next time order by weight. It would be intersecting. 
I swear I've seen this image before
Winter is coming.
You must give the white wolf to a young bastard. It is fated.
One for each of the Stark children.
Lets name them.... from bottom to top.

- Ghost
- Lady
- Nymeria
- Summer
- Grey Wind
- Shaggy Dog


You're not hiding any extras for this GOT tie-in, are you?
"The runt of the litter; that one is yours, Snow"
Greywind, Shaggy Dog, Nymeria, Summer, Lady and of course Ghost.  I hope you're not too attached to your sister's family.
How'd you get them to stick on the wall like that?
Lord stark there are five pups, one for each of the stark children... The direwolf is the sigil of your house they were meant to have them. 

What about you? 

I am not a Stark. 

What is it!? 

It's the runt of the litter 

That one is yours Snow. 
REPOST! ----E
Summer, Lady, Nymeria, Shaggy Dog, Grey Wind, and Ghost
It's the stark direwolves!!!

Please name them after them
You even have ghost!

Holy shit I'm jealous
If these aren't named after the Stark's direwolves you are dead to me.
[deleted]
Stink, I'm outta ink
So precious, oh my god!  That's so cool. 
Yeah that's happens on the older models. They won't tell you when you're low on ink. 
.. And clearly got fed more.
I legit didn't even notice the white one until I zoomed in LOL
Can I have one? Doesn't have to be the white one...

I JUST LOVE THEM! They'll have a big back yard and a dog park to play in!
/u/greenlanternx3
As a puppy for reference. http://imgur.com/Es6uSNo
"...but I can only make so many" - *Sister's Husky, Bladerunner 2049*
LOL absolutely awesome!
Mom is offline, add more toner
Where can I buy these?
Is this common?  Is there a known explanation?
Dad dog is now giving dirty looks at the samoyed next door
Fuck hp and their ink prices.
And strangely, her tri-color cartridge needs replacing too?!
One of the cutest coincidences I've seen in a while :)
Toby fox? Is that you?
Deadass thought the last one was a pig
lol, love it :P
Evolution at work!
Is this common?
hah cute
Is that last one a baby pig?
I feel like this is common with most huskies. I have two from the same litter and one is the first born and the other one was born last. The firstborn is black and white, the last one is tan and white. They had 1 BW, 2 GW, and 2 TW in that order.
dawwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
So funny lol 
So how much are you selling them for?
I genuinely thought that these dogs were taped to the wall for a minute.
Just change the ink cartridge. 
they're so precious 
I'd pay 2000$ for the white one..
 I want one so bad :(
Velcro puppies to the wall.  Why did I ever think of that?
This is one of the cutest, funniest things I have ever seen! I love it!
I want it
they dead?
Beautiful.
Full spectrum maybe best for survival?
Looks like an Animorphs cover. 
I've heard it's cheaper to just buy a new one throw out the old one.
So cool...i want one!!!
It's her toner probably.
I WANT THE WHITE ONE. 
Pawmbré
I'm pretty sure the last one is a pig. 
This Title
different fathers
OMG that is all 
Nice idea of just rotating the image. Good one. 
Try to get them in the ceiling too. 
The white one may not be able to hear 

OMG I want the top one he's SO FLUFFY and such a cute little smoosh!
is the pure white one albino?
Me printing out my thesis like. 
Aww that's so cute!!
why would you do dark grout wit that tile? Beautiful pups BTW! 
I'll take the white one lol
You selling? 
aw omg send one to me 😍😭
How sure are you the last one isn't a lamb?
Ombre is just soooooo in right now! 😍
It's called 3D printing
OMG op keep posting pics of the white husky plz, I love huskys but white ones are even more special.
this is so adorable i want to snuggle all those pups
They... are so precious

My ink ran out of birth 
r/mildlyinteresting
lol, hilarious.
I think r/fountainpens has some ink to fix this.
Wow. Are they from a sled dog line?  They would make an exceptionally beautiful team.

I want one of these pups 
Aw that floor looks cold.
I like the little piggies at the bottom 
Ricardo I hope you find my comment you fuck, I'm jealous. Not really but ya -snap
THE WHITE WOLF!
Can ihaz one?
Damn those 3D printers go through ink fast. 
Next time stock up on those $2 ink refills on ebay
omg this too cute! 
Should have shook her to get that last bit out of her 
*Why does it say paper jam,*
#WHEN THERE IS NO PAPER JAM?!
Huskey ombré 
I love their little crossed back legs 
Awwdly satisfying 
The shadow 7th puppy
They're so beautiful.
Awwwwwwww
awaiting GoT references
She says like to much 
The most colourful one is strongest and dominant than all he started absorbing most of ink n other stuff from womb.
This is some r/mildlyinteresting type shit right here.
That's awesome
Nice 
I love white husky's tbh, wish I can own one... 
What you are seeing is actually the sidewall and the puppies are glued to it.
Damnit.  You're gonnna have to get more toner, throw these away, and try again.
Take that dog to Costco ASAP!
Looks like a baby pig at the end... 
Out of toner.
It's came here to say that the title made me laugh tsp hard thanks OP 😂😂😂
And those are gorgeous puppies btw 👏👏
I hope the darkest and lightest ones are friends forever 
I want one of these babies!!! ❤️❤️❤️
[Kitten edition](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/7a/1e/5d/7a1e5d89eafebc0e00164a441b1bc491--running-kitty-cats.jpg)
Interested. How much? Which state?
How lovely they are but I like the white more.
Laughing my ass off
They're so cute
You could also make a pretty accurate punnett square. 
Precious. Thank you for sharing. I always think if there were puppies on every floor at work, people would be a whole lot kinder. 
Is the last one a true albino? 
[deleted]
Look at those little honey-hams.
Steve, Anton, Julio..Mr Mighty, Paste and Ascender Champion.
I'd love to know the science behind this
Is your sister giving these away?!
You should give those to irresponsible people who want a Direwolf
Pretty sure the white thing is a polar bear
jidler
Lol
Can I have them all, please? I'd like them all. 
she is a whore, obviously different fathers
please reposti on /r/rarepuppers 
I just want to steal all of them and love them with all of my heart.
karma is key
You can recycle the blank one.
I want one
Beautiful 
I want one!!
[deleted]
They're all so cute and sleepy. 
WE HAVE THE SAME TILE 
F1
The husky wasn't able to afford some ink.
First one and the last one are the best ones!!!!!!!!!!!
That's pretty rude way to show puppies, no need to hang them like a picture. *sarcasm intensifies*
LMAO SOOO CUTE
I like to think the dog just moved across the floor popping them out perfectly into the positions they are now
Awww, they dead
Can I have the white one?
Is he for sale?
It's a punndett square 
CAN I HAVE ONE!??!?!
I used to have a Manx cat. Manx's do not have tails. Well this cat decided to mate with a stray cat, whch *did* have a tail. The manx gave birth to five kittens. Two were born with tails, two were born without, and the last was born with a stubby crooked little tail
Piggies!
That's fantastic!
r/stoppedworking
Is it just me or did they ordered them by best looking from top to bottom?
Cute
I like how they progressively get less colored as it goes on.
Boy, the new season of we bare bears is really weird
Nice try OP. That last one is a lil piggy 
Cute
You just got to shake the toner cartridge a bit before hand.
Serious question: is this a normal thing as some kind or camouflage/survival mechanism to ensure there's always a couple which fit the environment or is it just a fluke?
😍
!redditsilver
I love the white one! Will it stay white while growing up?
Surprised how far I've scrolled without a game of thrones reference
But why did your sister hang the puppies on the wall?
I'd love to have one (or two or three!)...someday.
If evolution ain't real then explain this.
Caption game: 10/10
How hard was it?
Having a husky for the first time all I can say is get ready! Haha 
Looks like someone needs to start popping out kids for these guys.
[deleted]
#miranda
[deleted]
This is ironic since one of my 5th graders just the other day asked me if girl's periods were blood or ink. Was tempted to inform him that all females are part squid, but alas I gave the more accurate answer.
Did you replace the ink?
Well that's one way to 3D print puppies
Those are no huskies. Those are Direwolves.
Did they arrive in that order? Now that's impressive!
That’s fucking adorable as shit, can I have one!!!
I can't wait to get a puppy 
Awww.... so sweet and cute...
Shaggydog, Greywind, Nymeria, Lady, Summer, Ghost

OK... U are talking about my worthless printer
Stark direwolves?
All you have to do is click the little red circle on the back of the.. o wait 
Is your name Edmure OP?
Lord Stark. There are five pups. One for each of the Stark children. The Dire Wolf is the sigil of your house. They were meant to have them.
so cute
Can I have one?
Besides the stupid printer banter.....those puppies are beautiful! And cute!
From Robb Stark all the way to Jon Snow
Fake. Bottom one is clearly a piglet.
Down voting this....because I was not on the adoption list.  
This is adorable!
But did they really come out in that order. I suspect OP is up to some bamboozles.
Ghost?
One for each of the Stark children my Lord 
Does your sister have kids named Robb, Sansa, Bran, Arya, Rickon and Jon (but Jon doesn't really count cause he's a bastard)?
And that is what we call climate change... Dogs also know how to save inks... 
Has anyone tried shaking the husky like a Polaroid picture? Usually works for me
I hope you didnt take the time to line them all up just for that karma..
I mean, if that's the actual birth order. Wouldn't be real hard to arrange from light to dark
You always run out of ink when you need to print something important
As a younger sibling, this makes me feel quite inferior...
Awwww... they turn into pot belly pigs!!!
Give the albino to your bastard 
Wtf I thought fur color was genetic or something
Pretty sure those are dire wolves
AW! WHAT ADORABLE HUMAN LARVAE YOU HAVE! HAVE YOU TRIED TURNING YOUR ~~SYSTEM~~ HUSKY ON AND OFF AGAIN?
:3
😂😂
Ditto.
Why are all the best Reddit posts about dogs?
Sorry for your loss(es)
They all dead ??
Serious question.  How much for the white one?
Try shaking the toner cartridge. 
Sleepy babies

D'awww~

This is unbelievably adorable~
This is the cutest fucking thing I've seen.
LPT: If your printer is out of black ink, and you need urgent printout please change the color of the font #010101, which is 99% grey, it will help you quite a lot.
scramble them to create a bark code
Whatever happened to Ghost?
The one third from the bottom looks like a balding old man.
But we know most die before the end
Geezus, that's a lot. I would run out of ink too!! Congrats tho. 💟
Greywind, Lady, Summer, Nymeria, Shaggydog, Ghost
I'll take the polar bear.
Segregation has never been so cute
"One for each of your children, Lord Stark. Plus, a spare - just in case."
Future good boys and good girls
One for each of the Stark children
Look how short their legs are haha
And I love them all the same, what a adorable pups :)
Ghost!!
Hollyyy how do 6 puppers fit in 1 doggo
This is a good example of genetic variation among offspring fwiw.
5 for the 5 Stark children
Lookin like the first episode of Digimon
You always realize you need a replacement cartrage while printing something important.
Thats kind of weird.  But still cool!
Each one for the stark Children. 
the last one for the basterd 
How did you get them to stick to the bathroom wall?
6 shades of brown.
Would it be safe to assume the first would be healthiest?
Cute too.

Awww!!!! 💕💕💕💕 so precious!
Ghost is that you?
One for each of the Stark children
Wow! A white husky?
Or maybe a lot of different dads?
Shit this is the cutest thing ever
"The runt of the litter. That one's yours, Snow."
White husky pup 😍
Clearly the white one is Ghost, the other ones are meant for the Stark children
6 pups for the 6 stark children... Oh wait.
Six pups for the six Starks. Well, Not six anymore...
So the pups were left like this on the cold hard floor right after birth merely for the amusement and entertainment of OP, and to gain a few upvotes?
I'll steal the white one.
This is how the Starks started out 
6 pups for 6 Stark children
Aww~ the cute fluff. He's going to be hard to find in snow.
So cute and crazy dogs !! 
Five pups each for one of the Stark kids and the white one for Jon Snow.
How much more expensive is the "white" one?
The white one looks biggest. What color are the parents?
Hilarious 😂 
The title is so apt! It gave me a good laugh. Thanks for sharing this!
Are you a kid or a squid-- doge?
A moment of silence for the pups that lost their life so this post could happen 🙏
If the signal of your house is a Husky, you should call HBO right now. 
Name it ghost
I demand pics when they start growing and start running around 
She should definitely name them Grey Wind, Lady, Nymeria, Summer, Shaggy Dog and Ghost.
Most accurate and natural shades of any colour LOL
It's like that Game of Thrones episode all over again!
how do u stack pupper like that? is the wall sticky?
I thought you glued the pups to the wall. 😅
One for each of the Stark children.
Five should become three
I rly want to fast-forward to the future and see how they all look when grown up
Did you arrange them like that or that was the order they came out?
 
Five direwolves for your trueborn children, and one for your bastard.
So hilarious to say it ran out of ink!
Can I have one?
Or you could say the husky ran out of here while giving birth.
They look so chubby <3
Your sister's husky needs a few days off.
Grey Wind, Lady, Nymera, Summer, Shaggydog and Ghost. Do you happen to have five natural children and a bastard?
Did you try changing the cartridge? 
cute

I thought they were pinned on a wall
It's the Stark Kid's direwolfs. 
How did you manage to stick them to the wall like that?
How nice. I had 2 littermates, a male & female. I loved those dogs even though they ate the house, the furniture, the doors, the back fence, et al. My male also ate a 2 thousand dollar mouthpiece I use for sleep. THAT one hurt.

edit for spelling
Aahh! Ghost there you are. 
I genuinely expected a Splatoon reference. 
Came here for the Game of Thrones references.
She should just turn her upside down and shake her. She should be good for at least ten more puppies. 
So these are the real Stark's Direwolves?! That's amazing 😍
They look cold! Get them cuddled up to mama!
She made a future Dire Wolf instead of a puppy. 
Anyone else thought this was a wall lol
Still waiting for that Jon Snow reference... yup, anytime now.
Want one 😩
Your sister must have the same huskies every year in the exact same line up.. REPOST
Game of throne pups?!?
You sure that's not Lady, Nymeria, Summer, Grey Wind, Shaggydog, and Ghost?
PC LOAD LETTER
