I want an office dog.
Just to reassure all you lovely people, Office Dog lives in the same building we work in and she has many, many comfortable and soft places to sit.

Just not that couch.
This is how my dog "asks" to get on the couch at my house
http://i.imgur.com/8CSjTTH.gifv
Are you hiring? I will happily work in exchange for being allowed to pet that dog.
Dang. From the look of it, no one is allowed on that couch.
My dog used to think she was sneaky, jumping up to the place I'm about to sit and then one day I accidentally sat on her 
Just curious, what are the logistics behind office dog? Where does he/she sleep? Does someone bring him home? Is there an official keeper of dogs that walks and feeds pup? What about the vet? Weekends?
Maybe this is the day they relent....
Look, doggo, I'm sorry but you have fur.  And that fur gets on things.  I know that you didn't decide to have fur, but I didn't decide that either.  

I mean we could shave you bald, I suppose, but I don't think either of us would want that.  

Point being, we can't have fur getting on this couch.  End of story.

Now...next business:  WHO WANTS A SQUEAKY TOY???
Great idea for a Start-up: Office dog couches for offices with startup office dogs!
"One day we will be together couch, one day."
We have an office dog. His name is Buddy. I was the only one who didn't want him when we found him. Now I'm literally the only one who takes care of him. 

Every morning I arrive an hour earlier than everyone else to walk and feed him, I stay a couple hours later than everyone else to walk and feed him at night, and I come in on the weekends to walk and feed him once in the morning, and again at night.

You would think I hate it, but it's not his fault everyone else wanted the joys of owning a pet and not the responsibilities that come with it, so I can't help but love the little dude, and would rather inconvenience myself than have to get rid of him or watch him be neglected.
My German shepherd does this at home, even though she is already allowed on the couch. She waits for both my husband and I to invite her up. Completely unnecessary but such a polite, silly girl. 
[deleted]
"but.... is soft.. :o"
My dog is a little rebel about it. She won't hop on the couch even if you invite her to, while in a humans presence. But leave the room and come back and there she will be, snuggled into the cushions looking like the cat that ate the canary. And no amount of reassuring her that its ok will keep her from hopping right down. We got her from a rescue.. guess her first people weren't cool about the couch. ::shrugs:: 
"Fuck your rules!"
My wife's cat is allowed on the couch, but not if we're eating.  Usually she'll sit nearby waiting for us to finish, but sometimes she tries to test the limits of the rule.  She has a very nuanced grasp of what "on the couch" means.

Armrests don't count as long as she doesn't touch the cushions.  Pillows on the couch are off limits, but other objects, like a box, are in-bounds.
That couch looks familiar...
I love dogs. I dated someone (and lived with her for awhile) who had a couple dogs. I'm insanely allergic. I was on prescription antihistamines and was still very symptomatic. I basically had a bad cold for 8 months.

Anyway, lesson learned. Then I get a new job a few years back. Everything's fine. Then a month into it, they start allowing people to bring in their dogs. I express some concern, but get shut down hard, and as the new guy I shut up. A couple weeks go by, miserable every day. I tell my boss, I tell HR. Nada. So I start taking time off because I'm feeling shitty all the time.

I get flak for too much PTO. I bring up the dogs. The response I got: "Seriously? What's your problem with dogs?" I mention allergies, get told everyone has allergies and to suck it up like an adult/professional. So I quit.

My question is: what the fuck was I supposed to do?
For some reason I know that she is pressing down her head super hard
What kind of dog? My German Shepherd looks the same but we rescued her from a shelter in south carolina but we can't figure out what her mix is.
Holy fuck an office dog.

My worst nightmare
Our office pupper looking for a boop !
Must...ignore...cuteness...
https://imgur.com/OOqWAEQ
They're good dogs brent
You realize your office dog is a wolf, right? 
The forbidden couch is the comfiest 
What kind of dog is she? She's so pretty!
r/firstworldawwnarchists

"So cool...like the other side of the pillow.  Which I am not supposed to know because I am not allowed on the bed either. "
technically still goodboye
Fight the power. 
Office dog?! I hate when I am envious of others jobs... oh wait, that's always... 
Allow her on the couch you monster 
This is a travesty! Let that dog on the sofa, for the love of all that is good. 
/r/maliciouscompliance 
Fox wolf dog
Thats a smooth couch you got there bud
It looks like NO ONE is allowed on that couch. 
Why is the bottom of the dog at an angle?

EDIT: Bottom of the dog? Sighs. You know what I mean... 
This couch is for looks, not for butts or sad dog faces! - MGT 😂😂😂


office dog? _sign me the fuck up_
LET HER ON THE DAMN COUCH.

Look at those eyes
I wouldn't let my dog on a casting couch, either. Good call.
Thanks for calling her dog and not doggo.
We have Office Dogs Here,  They Suck, Act Crazy,  Bark,  Always trying to find stuff to stick their nose in,   Nothing but trouble,  How about an office cat?
Our dog was not allowed in the couch either. I never even really suspected her of getting on it. Then one morning I had to leave for work exceptionally early and came downstairs to find a perfect little circle of dog so soundly, snuggly asleep on the couch I couldn't even be mad at her because she was just too darn cute! 
I'm cynophobic (afraid of dogs), and the idea of office dogs terrifies me. 

Don't get me wrong, dogs are the cutest and most awesome thing on the planet, but in real life they scare me shitless and I'd be unable to do my job. No idea what I'd do, people *can* be willfully ignorant about stuff like this.
Not to be "that guy", but I don't believe people should be bringing pets to the office anyway. If I walk into a room where a dog, cat, etc. has been, my eyes will be worthless until I leave for a while and rinse my eyes out. Yes, there are people who are very allergic to animals, and cannot be around them.
Doge so love,

Doge so life.

Cate gets near,

Doge gets knife.

When doge is done

And cate is kill,

Wow, such amaze,

Doge is thrill.
LET HER ON THE COUCH YOU MONSTERS. 


What kind of office allows dog to work there?
Where can I get that couch?

My dogs do this to ask permission up. They will stand there, head resting on the couch and look at us with big sad eyes till we tell them "ok"
The most comfortable spot is always the forbidden spot
You guys have an office dog??!?!?!?!!!!
Damn you can bring an office dog while I saw on the news a kid with autism took his service dog to school banned the dog! 
Your office is really nice!
I wish we had an office dog. Let me guess. Graphic designer?
lol beats
Oh how she dreams...
In the words of Rick James via Dave Chappelle,"Fuck yo couch..."
My husband's cat does something like this. Hubby will tell him to lie down so he just lays his head down with rest of him still standing.
awwe she wants to go on the couch so bad! hahaha
Is that some sort of casting couch?
r/madlads
"If I put my head on here, they won't notice" 🐕 
/r/madlabs
"I'm not on the couch. I'm not on the couch. Quit hitting yourself. I'm not on the couch."
Get to work, dog. Your desk's over there.
My dog does this to ask to get on the couch. Actually, she does this to ask for anything - she's put her chin on a block of cheese before.
Our dog used to sneak on the couch all the time, so we bought him his own semi-matching loveseat off of Craigslist for like $50. Problem solved!
This dog is definitely begging. I know that move!
r/maliciouscompliance
Some dogs just want to watch the world burn...
L E T H E R O N T H E C O U C H
you had me at "Office dog"
Stop whoring out Darius' dog. She's only mine to whore out 🙃
We have facility dogs at work that have been trained to use that to ask for permission to get on the couch. It's adorable. 
That is the more acceptable version of marking territory i can think of
 My step-mother had a Cocker Spaniel who knew that he was not allowed to take his bone into the sitting room. So he would lie in the lounge with just his head and front paws across the thresshold into the hall, and look at her with a "The *bone* is not in the sitting room" expression.
This is my dogs way of asking permission to get ON the couch. She'll stand there indefinitely and. It get up if we're home. Once we say "up" she knows it's cool and joins us. 
I've seen that couch from somewhere...
I want an office dog. Especially one this well behaved
Office dog sounds like the cutest dog to have
I want an office corgi now...
A rebel with a cause...that cause is a super comfy sofa seat.
thats adorable... my company would totally let us bring pets to work but our building owner's won't allow it :(
That pup is adorable. 
Cutest daug evar!
Do you think at the end of the working day guide dogs are like... ooh I can't wait to go home..man I hate work, can't wait to retire 😂
Looks like my sisters dog. 
https://imgur.com/gallery/P64Nu
You have an office dog??? That's awesome! 
I have 4 office doggos at the minimum, sometimes 6 or 7 depending on what is going on. Mornings start with a big off leash walk where more doggos join us. They are all allowed on the couch unless its siesta time, then the couch is mine. It does freak some folks out, but fuck them, I dont want them as clients anyway...
What is the breed of this dog? Is it Belgian Malinois Shepherd?
This picture makes me wish I had a dog and a couch!
How do I find an office culture like this?
She kinda looks like a fox

That's a Fox, German Shepherd mix I swear to god.
I love in the americas, tf is an "office dog" is it like an intern that complains a lot less? 
/r/firstworldanarchists
I rebel, therefore I exist.
My 13 yr old lab, still does this when he wants on the couch something he's done over 10,000 times, if you make eye contact he will start to cry, I tried to wait him out once, 5 hours later nope 
/r/maliciouscompliance 
why do you have an office dog
Stick it to the man 
This automatically shows any job is now inferior
You- you can have an office dog...?
Don't just say office dog like that's normal 
My dog does the same thing even though she is allowed. We call it her asking for permission.
r/MaliciousCompliance
I hate this new world order where dogs are everywhere.  
Yeah! Stick it to the man, office dog!
I don't understand why people don't let their dogs cuddle. They are so soft and cuddly. 
What breed of dog is this? I've never seen such a beauty
My Max does that. Not as much as he used to, but he used to do it all the time. He's a miniature Schnauzer, and at 16 years old, he's starting to slow down. 😔😔
Now that reddit has made you rich, what  do you plan to do with all those fake internet points? 
How does one go about getting permissions to have an office dog?
Let that sweet doggy up already!
We can't have office dogs because I am the only one allergic- turns out I do not mind sneezing if I take a Zyrtec, it's the cube next to me who is OCD if I sneeze once.
r/MadLads

I'm over here just jealous that you can even have an office doggo. 

I can't even bring in a fucking electric kettle to heat water. It's a safety issue. 
"Fuck the police" - Dog probably. 
r/firstworldanarchists

Edit: Spelling
Then give the dog a bed that is more comfy than the hardwood floor...
*FREEDOOOOOMMMMM!!!*
Stick it to the man.
Not sure if eating couch or resting head on couch. 
I'd love to work in an officer if there was an office dog.
wait is the dog eating it?
Rebel without using paws?
An office dog! That is so cool! But who takes care of the dog at night?
My dog does the same thing. We don't let him on the couch if we are eating or we have to call him up. But when he does this and you get the puppy dog eyes it's hard to ignore him. We just say that his head gets heavy and needs to rest it. 
I'd feel the same way if all I had was four legs and I had to stand all the time or choose to sit/lay on the hard ground while my owner stares into a screen and mashes keys all day and every know and then say's "Linda! Did you get that email?"
"I'm *not* on the couch, human. Problems?"
He saw a cat
what breed is the dog? i don't recognize it
hopefully he doesn't have to lay on that hard floor all day, or what's the point of taking him to the office? that sounds more like a real punishment.
Fight the power!
Beats audio lol.
...Is that a BeatsAudio branded All-In-One Desktop?

I am so sorry you have to live with that. 
I'm jealous. I, too, want a work dog.
Beautiful facial hair.
I had a dog tall enough to put his head on the table. He wanted to see what was up there, even if he knew not to sample it.
My dog does this too, and I think it's less rebellion and more hoping/pleading you'll invite her up on the couch
> Office dog

This is a thing?!
Office dog... wait, that's a thing?
/r/maliciouscompliance
I have an office dog, no rules at all.  I also work remotely a lot.  So my office dog is my home dog.  
Office dog does what he wants
who let the dogs out

Looks more like an office coyote to me.
office dog looks very depressed to be confined to an office
I thought that leather/faux leather couches were specifically for dogs ... who made that stupid not allowed on the couch rule?  Incensed, I tells ya .....  

she has this look......
r/madlads
r/madpups
That dog looks like a shaggy coyote.
You go, pupper! Fight the power! 
Just put a blanket in the corner of the couch and she won't scratch it up. Everyone wins. 
(Bobbing head back and forth)

"Ope, ope, not touching it, I'm not touching it. You told me not to touch your couch, I'm not touching it."
Madlads dog? 
Does it have a problem with digging/scratching? Leather seems like a way better material for a dog to be on than cloth, if only because any shed hair will be easier to clean off.
It's good like this, ima put my head like this. 
Stickin' it to da man!
Poor doggo needs a good brushing.
Our dog always leans half of her butt on the couch.
When I was growing up I had a dog that always liked to test the rules. 

*"I can't get on that? How about if I have 3 legs and my head on it but one leg stays on the floor?"*

It was annoying at the time, but it was great practice for working with lawyers as an adult.



That's a dog I can relate to, a dog of principle 
Is he/she a German Shepard mix?
Small victories 
This is the first time I've seen a dog like that, what breed is she?
I stand with the office dogs! 🐶
r/firstworldanarchists
What breed is the office dog? It kind of looks like my dog!
I love couch.
Can someone start a charity to get a couch for this dog I honestly would but im 14
r/madlassie


She's beautiful. I wish we had an office dog.
Office dog reminds me of the coyote from homers chili trip
Fuck the authority. 
everyone needs an office dog.
**BARK THE SYSTEM!!!**
Bork it to the man, doggo. 
r/maliciouscompliance 
What a beautiful lil baby. I gotta thing for Shepherds 💗💗💗💗😻
My coworker adopted a young male cat, that did not get along with her elderly female cat. He thought he could ignore her Queen status and make himself King. New cat became office cat. Other coworkers started bringing treats, and toys to office cat. Everything comes to a halt when he enters a room. He gets playtime, and skritches on demand. He is now the king he wanted to be.
Slow down…office dog
Awww what a cutie. I would give in and let the sweet baby on the sofa.
What kind of dog is that
But what about the non-office dog ???
Awwww.
Far better than my daily act of rebellion In a full pound of black tar heroin.
Is your office dog behind the office wolf somewhere? 
Office dog? You can now train dogs to use the photocopier and make coffee??
Pros and cons of an office dog? Would like one for my work. 
startup borks.

Expecting a gif
I like that dog!  :)
Dawwwww 😿
🤦🏾‍♀️😍😂
That's Longing! 

That's a good dog. 😀
My whiskers were tired from whisking so naturally this is the best thing to rest them on 
Just out of curiosity, who does the financial responsibility fall on? 
"Fuck the police! Comin' straight from the underground..."
Start a petition! Office doge for couch! 
/r/madlabs
Nice beats advertisement 
I think office dog is actually office wolf
Good boy!!
Beautiful dog, what breed(s)?
he' begging
Finally a real example of animal abuse on r/aww after countless lemons. 
It looks like no ones allowed on that couch 
Seize the means of office production, Comrade Pupper
r/madlads
You can tell she's a good doge. 
Someone share this to r/maliciouscompliance.
That dog has a pet-able back
Are office dogs the pets world equivalent of side chicks?
My type of dog
This is adorable. My dog isn't allowed on furniture either and she resorts to this same thing. 
Doggo is no place for an office. 
Fight the power!
My dog does the exact same thing.
My dog does this any time he is about to jump on something. Rests his chin on it for a minute, then jumps. 
r/maliciouscompliance 
Little things like this make life a bit easier.

#peace
#nohate
#love
I walked into a office room once and they had this huge ass dog in the middle just hanging out laying on his carpet. The dog was pretty old already but he was huge id say he was about almost 7 ft tall standing up
That is a gorgeous puppy.
This would make a good tinder profile pic.
His rebellion is based on a lie.
Are you sure that's not a coyote
So it's treason then... 
Pretty doggo
LOL! Them dags!
Interesting crop.
Aww how cute!

Office ~~Dog~~ Coyote
That's a nice couch 
Awww let her on the couch!
Awwww let her on the couch and cuddle!
What breed is this?
How do office dogs work? Do you rotate who cares for it at night or does one person own it and bring it in each day ? 
Doggo does a rebel
Get that dog it's own couch 
What kind of dog is that? Kind of looks like a coyote.
Can't you just put a blanket on the couch so she can sleep there? Or buy her a bed she can lay in?
My dog does the exact same thing! He's not allowed on the sofa at home and does this!
Aww. <3
He has an important business idea for your next meeting!
Snoot couch
Office Dogs are the best, we got one. It comes for many pats.
Savage
OooooooOooooOooooo, I'm tellin'!
Does it have a dog bed?


Cute dog
Office dog?! You always here about the "culture" of a job, especially in tech, and nothing has ever appealed to me as much as this. 
What breed is your office dog??
Is this a Corgi-German Shepherd mix?
"Go to your bed."  

*Flops down next to bed with one paw touching it while looking at owner with obvious annoyance and sighs exasperatedly*
We have two office dogs. They just run loose while we work.

It's fantastic.
Me to dog: Stay off the carpet!!!!

Dog: Lays down on laminate. Silently places half a paw on carpet.
This picture should be the quintessential explanatory device of what it means to obey the letter of the law, but not the spirit.
that's an office wolf
As someone who doesn't own furry pets, why aren't some/all pet animals allowed on the couch/sofa?
Thought it said *Officer dog*.

Was going to say "Not that really is rebellious."
Thts not a soft boy
Dogs are so smart. My office wont allow my dog on the couches or chairs...so she started jumping onto peoples desks to nap <3: https://i.imgur.com/wgs3d9V.jpg 
What mix is she? She looks similar to my dog and I can't figure out what she's mixed with.
Just the tip 
Office wolf*
I'm curious does she live at the office or someone take her home at night?
Our dog does this. I often wonder whether people would do this if we had couch cushions at chin level. Of course we would!
Very sweet dog. 

Now, can we talk about the floral pants in the background and where I can get a pair? 
Is this like the garage raccoons?
Office dog? How do you ever get any work done?? 











Here is to all people who don't let the dogs on furniture. I hope your legs grow together!




Can confirm. My German shepherd does this too except on my lap. He doesn't realize how big he is now. 
A little more right on the angle and dem crossed legs in the back would have been more visible
This is how it started when Egypt collapsed
Office dog?
Let the dog on the fucking couch. 
Office dog looks like a big corgi!
What type of doggo is this?
How could you deny that face :(
What type of dog is this?
That's what my dog does as she "asks for permission" to jump on to the couch
Can confirm, have a German Shepherd who tests the limits on a daily basis. 
let her on the couch. 
Pupvoted
A look of defiance mixed with a little bit of sadness.
/r/maliciouscompliance
r/maliciouscompliance
What kinda person doesn't allow their dogs on the couch!?
"Eff your couch"
Hmm.. that isn't a casting couch is it?
dassa good girl 
You have an office dog! YOU HAVE AN OFFICE DOG!!!!!!!
Floors probably too cold...
Hah oh that clever lass.
Oh my god she's so pretty!
That expression... she knows what she's doing is technically wrong, but she has 0 regrets whatsoever. It's too perfect.
This literally made me LOL

Thanks for sharing OP, I needed it!!
What kind of breed is this?

The peace, love and smiles pets bring to our lives. They belong in stressful offices. Pause a moment & smile at who you love most. 
Probably means it wants food, you to play with it, or to go outside.
r/MaliciousCompliance
To be fair, Office dog is a damn boring job. We could all be in the park right now
>office dog

Pete Campbell ahead of the game again.
So the high dollar pleather couch is off limits?
Just curious, but do you happen to know what breed(s) this dog is?
She is a good gurl
r/maddogs
Let that damn dog on that damn couch.. Looks uncomfortable anyways.. 
mod woof is that you?
bring him over to /r/OfficeDogs. i'll make the sub pretty tonight.
Let her on the couch you monsters 
it kind of looks part coyote.
My dog is dead 
Wow, she's beautiful! Her markings make me think of a coyote. :)
If this is rebellion then I want to be a rebel too! 
for a split second I thought there was a smaller dog or raccoon on your dogs back, getting revenge on the dog. 
After living with three cats for the past few months it amazes me that any animal can obey a human. 
Haha when dogs turn rebel against humanity lol 😂
I miss my dog so goddamn much. 
Looks like a coyote.
What!? I'm calling NSPCA. Poor baby.
Wouldn't wanna see that savage in a dark alley way at night •–•
Rebellion gets you gold
Lemme
I  as hoping it be shitting on the bosses desk.
aw we have an office dog in today
How does one obtain an office dog, and does it still function properly if your work place is not an office?
A lovely dog AND a lovely couch.
/r/maliciouscompliance
My studio has an office dog and we often work long hours. I truly believe she helps manage a lot of people's stress levels. 
She's part shep.
You let that dog on the couch right now!
Office coyote
Rthxitrotdrdersgczdzdddzdddddctr GG ed
r/firstworldanarchy
OR
r/madlads
That dog is so cute! I'm petting her through the picture
That couch does look comfy.
I like how clean and smooth that black couch is
Miss prude with her legs crossed and shit. 
That's a clean ass couch
Very clever and wistful, about the couch.
Is that an office dog or an office fox?
Pushing the envelope. Love it. 
Let her on the couch you monsters. 
Woofing it to the man!
Looks like a border collie. From what I know, they're incredibly smart. And defiant. 
This dog is so punk rock. I love it! 
Monsters !!! 
I wish my office had an office dog. :(
Let her on the couch
/r/maliciouscompliance
G O O D C O Y O T E B O Y E 
I admire her
why isn't she allowed on the couch? This is plainly stupid and the office should be shamed
Damn I didn't know office dogs existed. Brilliant idea ! He looks so happy even if he can't sit there lol
Ours pees on the couch. 
Breed?
My boxer used to do the same and would look at us like waiting to be given out about it, wish I had a photo of her doing it :) 
Fight the system!
"Is this bothering you?  I'm not climbing on it?"
Rebel with a paws
"i just want something soft to sit on" ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ
Our dogs are not allowed in the dining room when we are eating, so typically they will each go to a threshold of one of the doors and lay down with just their noses sticking into the dining room. One of them gets confused and sticks his nose out of the dining room. 
What kind of work do you have to do to end up in an office with an office dog
Can someone tell me what type of dog this is please?
She's really pushing her luck doing this.
"I'm not on it, I'm not on it, I'm not on it"
coyote don't want couch 
Man I wish I could have a dog in the lab
a
w
w
Awww she's beautiful;)
You sure that’s not the office coyote. 
Keep up the good fight comrade!
If only I could get on the couch I would be so happy.
/r/officedogs
Reminds me of my friends dog who would get on the couch and when told she wasn't allowed would slide her back two legs off lmao 
that's a damn fox
one day its face on the couch and second day they have guns and try to enslave ppl. watch out
/r/MaliciousCompliance
My cat does the same thing, she sits on the floor and stores at me until I move and it's like she's trying to take over each part of the living room very slowly 
LET HER SIT ON THE COUCH YOU MONSTERS
What a rebel.
Couch looks a little familiar...
Get this dog it's own couch🙌
r/maliciouscompliance might like this
Let her on the couch you monsters!
I'd allow it. 
Animal abuse if you ask me..
What workplaces are these that allow pets now?  Seriously, because I want to work in one of those.
First world bark 
I'm a drunk biologist and thats a coyote
Good doggo!!
 where is this office that has a dog and how can i apply for a job there?
bless her....
Sweetheart 
I want an office dog 
I can't tell if his jaw unhinged so he could bite the whole couch or if he's just laying on it.....
She is beauuuuuutiful!!
We used to have an office/therapy dog, until it chewed through the fiber optic.  Now, we don't have a dog...
r/firstworldanarchists/
awww what a good pup pup
Looks like one of those cheap $100 eBay couches that are as uncomfortable as fuck anyway. Just let the dog up lol. 
My dog does this exact same thing.  But he's using it as a "Can I come up?" look.  He won't come up unless I say it's okay, and that's what he does.
I want to find a company that will hire me that has a cool environment like that😭
How does an office dog scenario work? Does it live in the office? Or does someone just bring their dog to work everyday? Who's responsible for walking and feeding it? Can I be an office dog?
Get her a doggy couch!
Is that a. Golden retriever German shepherd mix
Let him/her on the couch!!
lol!
Im so confused at the perspective of the right person's legs. Are they going through something?
*office coyote
Office dog?!  This is a thing?  I am not an animal hater by any means, but I don't know if I'd be totally down for a random dog walking around the office all day.  
Aw, just let her up there. :(
What type of dog is this? So adorbs 
That is what my girl Shepherd does. She will stand there for half an hour trying to make me feel sorry for her. Determination at its finest.
r/firstworldanarchists
Ah the classic chin on couch!
I knew a dog like this once. It will fold up just close to the forbidden thing until you loose your fortitude to hold out
So an Office Dog is legit? Whats the point of having a dog in the office? Is there some science report saying a dog's presense increases productivity? 
/r/firstworldanarchists
Best (lack of) office dogo https://youtu.be/D-YAtP7Nlhc
My doggo sleeps in my room, but isn't allowed on the bed. He does this, aswell as places his butt on the edge of the bed. Every single morning. He's got me at breaking point where im almost just gonna let him on the bed cause its so cute.
r/maliciousaww
You have an office dog?!?!? Lucky duck!
Let the dog sit on the couch for Christ's sake!
madlad
I read "Officer dog" and was slightly disappointed 
My dog does this when he's asking permission to come up on something. Usually when he wants up on the bed, but wants to make sure there's enough room for him. <3
You let that dog on that couch now you monster!
It shows you don't have a dog. She is asking permission. 
r/maliciouscompliance
Good thing that lady in the background was crossing her legs.
Dogs are the best kind of people.
i've seen that couch...
This is exactly how my dog makes her wishes to be up on the sofa known...
Why won't they let it on the couch? ... I don't like sitting on the floor... :'(
It is insane how similar this looks to my dog. Shepard collie mix? 
r/pettyrevenge
Stick it too the man Office Dog, stick it to the man!
How can I work someplace that has an office dog? 
Should get a mini couch for her.
What type of dog is that?  She looks so cool :0
TELL HER SHE'S BEAUTIFUL FOR ME
If we had an office dog, I might enjoy going to work.
R/couchnose should be a thing.  I don’t have the skills..... but surely someone does. 
That's a nice lookin' dog.  What is it?  A German Shepherd Golden Retriever Mix?
what makes this so extra adorable is the slight gleam of reproach in that puppy's eyes. 
hug that doggie. 
Newfies , no respect for personal space.. 
https://imgur.com/a/TdXbi
Does anyone know what breed she is?
You have an office dog? OMG.

If I worked in an office, I'd have an office dog
