On Facebook, there's a guy with a Page called Grayson and me. He would be thrilled it happened to you too. He was in the park feeding them and a baby came up grabbed his ankle and wouldn't let go..had him either 2 or 3 yrs til Grayson got a girlfriend, he didn't see him for months then one day he showed up again... like he'd never left. Your lucky
that squirrel has seen some shit.
Congratulations.  You're a tree now.
You don't own the squirrel, the squirrel owns you.

Serious question, can/will you keep him? I'd like to think you'll post regular updates of your happy squirrel friend as you go on crazy adventures around the world.  

Edit: So the comments have told me you can potentially but should not keep a squirrel as a pet.  I can dream.. I hope he finds his parents or goes to a good shelter that will look after him.  Good luck OP
So cute! AND now you just need to find his two brothers and you'll have a nice boys band
Thanks for saving the squirrel, skinny Seth rogen!!
Was it hungover? Name it Conker.
Name him James Franco
Dude walks into a bar with a squirrel on his head.
Bartenders asks, "where did you find him?"
Squirrel says, "Florida, they've got millions of them!"
We found a few squirrels too! One of them had respiratory issues and unfortunately didn't survive the night. The other two, however, we found huddled together under a tree. After a few hours warming up in a cardboard box, they got out and started foraging in the yard together. A couple of hours later we saw them each with an adult squirrel, climbing on the adults and being carried around.

Edit: [Some pictures.](https://imgur.com/a/MFgIc)
I had practically the same thing happen after a tornado... She's still my pet.
I tried to care for a baby squirrel once... It died the next day. I watched it breath it's last breath in my hands. I spoke to it in a soothing voice as it passed. It's mother likely abandoned it for a reason, I'm happy I could try and sooth it's passing though.

It was traumatic but at least I tried.
You lucky, possibly rabid, bastard. 
There were so many hurricane orphans around here, my local Petsmart had a table setup in the front near the registers with cans of formula and droppers for feeding.  I thought it was nice, but doubted there would be that many.

When i was in line, in front of me was a family with a baby squirrel, behind me was a man with a dove, and the cashier has a pet squirrel after it was orphaned the year before in Matthew.

Guess it is more common than I thought.
That literally is how I got my baby squirrel.  Walking to the store for my parents cigarettes... little thing runs up my leg.  Goddamn he was an awesome pet. 
If you are ok with shit everywhere in your house, keep him.  If not, get him to rescue.  Those things are MISERABLE in a cage and miserable alone. They want to be with a friend all the time.   
Good luck.

Hey dude,

This same thing happened to me (minus the hurricane) a few years ago. You should take him to a shelter, there are actually people trained to rehabilitate wild squirrels. I tried to raise the one that ran into my apartment and refused to leave after I tried for hours to let it out. This went well for a couple months, but as he matured he became uncharacteristically aggressive despite being incredibly docile and even loving when he first ran into my apartment. Just as you've shown, he was happy to run and climb all over me, and of course I fucking loved having a pet squirrel that seemed to have chosen me as its owner.

But like I said, once he matured Skillet became uncontrollably aggressive. I was lucky enough to meet someone who had also raised a wild squirrel, and she told me about squirrel rehabilitators as described here. http://www.mary.cc/squirrels/foundababy.htm

It was hard to let him go, but I do feel a lot better knowing a professional helped him reacclimatize to living in the wild.

For me, this was cooler than any experience I had ever imagined, but looking back I wish I had found a rehabilitator before getting so attached. God damn it I loved that squirrel.
Bob Ross would be pleased 

I love you bob 
You're now a Disney princess
Many examples of animals knowing that sometimes you have to go to humans.
I friggin love those furry bushy tailed shitz.  Good on ya man, I'm totally Jelly of your new buddy.  Thanks for taking care of him.
I had a young squirrel as a friend once too!

I found him wandering around our deck looking for food or something. I grabbed a bit of bread and opened the door, he didn't run away which was already surprising.

I sat down, put the bread a few feet or so away from me and sat very still as he approached. He took the bread and ran away a bit to eat it, then left for the day.

The next day he was around doing the same thing. So I did the same thing too, putting the bread a bit closer.

This process repeated until I could sit outside on the deck, he'd happily climb on me and I'd give him something to snack on.

I even had a conversation with my brother once while the squirrel sat on my leg and ate some bread.

I loved that squirrel. I named him Kevin.

But one week, a large storm was predicted. I wasn't worried, but during the thundery and windy storm I though, "Wonder how Kevin is doing."

The next day I sat on my deck waiting three hours for him. I didn't see him.

I never saw him again.

:(
Fun fact I was told,  young squirls will actually seek out people if they need help. So if a baby shows up or is found wait with it an hour if mom does not show the baby needs help.
On that day, a friendship that would last a squirrel's lifetime, was born.

Thank you for caring.
We found 4 baby squirrels in our front yard and they were in bad shape. We put them in a box and let them rest for a while. We were able to find a lady who rehabilitates injured squirrels and my wife dropped them off with her. The craziest thing was that when my wife dropped them off, the lady(big redneck) grabbed the squirrels and put them down her shirt in her bra. It shocked the hell out of my wife and, unfortunately, they most likely became stew. Went from a good feeling action to a bit horrified.
I like to think that OP and the squirrel went on to have many adventures. Growing old together. Sharing in important life milestones together. 
Once again for the people who keep doing the rabies comments.  Highly highly unlikely.  https://www.cdc.gov/rabies/pets/index.html
He must be nuts.
You're his new daddy. He's a very good boy, so you better treat him right.
so... you own a squirrel now.
Just wanna thank you OP for being cool to the squirrel lots of ppl wouldn't have. hope he's ok!
Hold on, im gonna go be a squirrel so I can jump in this hotties hands.
Ok. I've raised baby squirrels and released them. 

This little guy has been acclimatized to humans, either raised, or hand fed. He seems quite comfortable around the op, but the title suggests it's a first meeting. 

If op plans to keep the squirrel, I do not recommend having it as a house squirrel. As they do get older, they "can" get aggressive and they "can" be destructive. Squirrels are not meant to be pets. 

That said, it seems like this squirrel is looking for human contact. This is fine. If op wants the squirrel around, perhaps an enclosure, or at the very least, a shelter outside for it. (Like a birdhouse.) 

Pay attention to your new friend. Feed him. Talk to him. Interact with him. But do not treat him like a pet. He's an animal companion; with you on his whim, not yours. 
Seth Rogan looking younger by the day!
Man. Poor guy probably ignored every prey instinct he has to do that. Nature is neat sometimes.
This is adorable. As a woman, 100% guarantee if this is your Tinder/Bumble profile pic you will have girls throwing themselves at your inbox
After Hurricane Ivan, I found a squirrel under some downed tree branches in the middle of the road. My dad told me it was going to die. It was pink with just a bit of fuzz covering its body. I was around 12 at the time. I wanted to prove I could take care of it and nurse it back to health and I couldn't bear the thought of letting that little pink thing die in the middle of the road. So I nursed it. A couple of weeks passed and I saved its life from my mom's cat. I heard some squeaking in the hallway followed by a Iow, hungry rumble. I punted the cat up against the wall and scooped Rupert up into my hands and told him I'd never let anything happen to him again. He slept in a shoebox with a teeny tiny blanket so he could curl up and stay warm. I put the shoebox at the end of my bed one night. I imagine Rupert must have been lonely and cold and wanted some comfort. I woke up the next morning with Rupert by my side. I told him good morning. He didn't respond. I picked his stiff, lifeless, furry body up and just stared. I showed my dad and he laughed. I cried. Not only did I murder Rupert in my sleep, but I couldn't prove my dad wrong. Damn I feel so bad about squishing Rupert.
Sees friend on front page of Reddit

Texts him to find out what's happening

[Be the first](https://m.imgur.com/a/kCZVw) to let him know that his post blew up

Receives [this picture](https://imgur.com/a/8bApD)

Cuteness overload. Can't wait to find out if they decide to keep her or not!
Holy shit... he is exactly what I picture when I think of a "typical redditor "

edit- minus the squirrel
Your kindness will be rewarded. 
The human to animal bond is sacred 
Grown ass man here, considered crying the more I thought about this.

Then I went back to eating my squirrel bits. Non-irradiated
I had one once run up my leg being chased by a cat.  I took him home
and fed him bread dipped in warm milk.  He lived in a wool sock and I
called him "Rocky" after the Rocky & Bullwinkle show.  When he was
fully grown I let him go in the woods around my house.   I would
call him by name and he'd go crashing around in the tree branches
and sit on my shoulder as I fed him nuts.  He stuck around for a
few months and then moved on.
I'd cry if I ever experience that. I'd start imagining all horrifying things the squirrel could've seen, and then for him to feel safe and finally able to pass out. I won't be able to hold my tears.
Alvin!!!!!!
Omg I felt sorry for all the squirrels during the hurricane too.. I'm in Florida too and all the little squirrels were hiding in the top of my front door window.. So sad..I couldn't let them in because my bf has a murderous cat..
A baby squirrel ran up to my dog yesterr. That was a mistake. Fortunately my dog just pinned it down with her paws, but the screaming was awful. I pulled the dog off and the squirrel ran up a tree. Baby squirrels may not be too smart.
Aww he even looks exhausted
The squirrel will return in OP's hour of need.
"hahaha"

"HUN, WE GOT US SOME DINNA TONIGHT!"
familiar acquired
squirrel knows to find a protector and stay indoors now. how nature does this to everyone.
That's awesome you got a new little buddy
I think that O.P is a Disney princess now
I want a god damn squirrel. If anyone has an abandonded pig, I also want a god damn pig.
Crazy how some animals will trust humans when they need help. Like no matter how hurt I was, I wouldn't go ask an alligator for help. I think deep down animals know most of us are cool, they're just too good for us most of the time. 
You're a Disney princess 
Congratulations, you are now a Disney Princess.
I need to befrend the neighborhood squrrels again. My mom started it with a bird feeder that they basically annexed, and instead of opting for advanced squrrel defense measures, decided the jays were assholes anyway and could find their own food. We had a large bag of peanuts in shells by the front door and would pass them to the tree rats that came asking for them as we saw them. The more skittish ones wouldn't take them from your fingers, or would only do so through the door like rodent trick-or-treaters, but a few we're comfortable enough to take them from you even if you were outside, although they still preferred if you tossed the nut towards them. The cool part is that they were always extremely gentle whenever they took a peanut from you, never just snatching it and running.
Would be a great photo if you weren't pulling a stupid face 
[deleted]
That face you're making is something insecure people do because cameras feel confrontative to them 
/r/thathappened
Is this the male equivalent now to girls doing the duck face?
I'm sure it did.
Poor squirrel
Are you a druid?
U R A GUD HOOMAN
They spend years throwing nuts from trees at us then want our help, typical.
I bet it was nuts. 
someone please sketch the squirrels experience
Redditor marries an animagus just to get Karma points. 
that squirrel has seen some shit
That's nuts.
It's not it anymore. It's your friend and deserves a name
What is your Disney princess name?
This is a Pixar/Dreamworks movie in the making.
Aw cute! Squirrel is alright
You take care me now.
Got yourself a friend for life, there, OP.
<boingboingboing>

> STEVE, where the hell have you been man?!!!! It's been batshit around here dude!

<boing>, zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz

> later: Oh fuck, you're not Steve!

> ...Oh well, got any nuts?? COOL! <munchmunch> want a sidekick??

Thus began the crime fighting duo of Steve and Bushy
Are we really not even going to acknowledge how cute OP is, too?
You are his mom now.
A Disney Princess is born
dreamworks face
I donated 100 lbs of dog food to hurricane animals. Some comments in this post are making me wonder if any animals actually got fed with it. ☹️
Take a good care of him now.
This squirrel wins the Reddit.
name him fred and keep him forever
Looks like you have made a friend! Let us know if the squirrel sticks around, or leaves to be wild again!!!! 
Squirrel was like *fuck it, youre my mom now*
I have also once had a squirrel on my head. It had fallen out of a tree onto the road and seemed paralyzed in fear. I was holding a spare t shirt and wanted to bring it to the sidewalk so it won't get run over. It was wrapped in my t shirt one moment, and in my hair the next, screeching and peeing on my head.

It turned out it was fine since after a bystander removed him, he scampered back up that goddamn tree.

Never again. 

Others may see an adorable baby squirrel on his cap, but all I see are beady scheming eyes, plotting.
Are you keeping him/her? Please post updates! 
I wonder about what makes animals so desperate for help that they seek it from what they fear as a possible predator
/r/thathappend 
what are you a Disney princess?
Be careful.  My wife used to volunteer at a wildlife refuge/rehab.  Once a squirrel matures it's wild side will start to emerge.  Remember, these things can crack open black walnuts with their teeth.  Meaning the bones in your fingers might as well be made of cardboard.
Years ago, I saved a baby squirrel from a cat and when it climbed onto a fence to calm down I put a bowl of cold water and bread for him, as a peace offering. 

No joke, that baby's mother came up to me and gave me a look that seemed like gratitude. Since then, eight years later, if they are chirping their warning sounds and I come outside, they stop and watch me.

I also put ten water bowls out around my yard in the summer, and I toss apples and crackers around the yard. It's not much, but I really strive to makd sure I never make them feel afraid. They don't deserve that.
Are you sure that's what happened, OP? Just ran up to you and jumped into your hands? 
Congrats! You are now a Disney Princess.
Bull fucking shit
Bullshit 
After hurricane Irma, I made up this story about my pet squirrel that's technical true even tho I had my squirrel before Irma!
The Hurley Squirrely.
/r/UpvotedBecauseBoy
No it didn't.
Are you in an area that has many semi-tame squirrels that aren't afraid of people?

In my backyard, I've got tons of squirrels but they all instantly bolt the second they see me or the dog.

Otherwise, I hear if wild animals aren't afraid of you, that is a possible sign of illness.

Cute though.
r/thathappened
Good on ya dude. 

Attempted suicide.
Seth Rogan?
We found one but he had unfortunately passed.  Broke my daughter's heart. 
It must have been really desperate if it jump into Dustin Diamond's hands for help. 
When you just need a hand. Poor thing.
You must be nuts to let him on you like that! 
Be still,  my heart
So cute
Psychostick finally gets their answer
Turns out you are an animal ferry.
SquirrelMaster5000 should be your username. 🤷‍♂️

Disney princess now 
Awee! I love squirrels! You are lucky.
That's pretty adorable. You're his human now.
LIL DICKY x SETH ROGAN
From the look on your face you have one somewhere else as well.
You're his mom now. 
To them, humans must look a lot more organized and less confused than others
One of my friends inherited a pet squirrel the same way after a huge storm in Missouri years ago. He hung around until mating season, but would still pop by every once in awhile to say hi.
Pals4Lyfe
/r/beardpets
This is precious. 
He recognized a softie! Good work, man.
Go to squirrelsandmore website and they can direct you to a rehabber. But I think that squirrel may be old enough to be fed hard food. This website has suggestions for that, too. If you have any questions, pm me. I've taken care of a few. 
When did Jenna Marbles and Julien move to Florida?
I always question why people include themselves in a photo that they have captioned explaining what the photo is meant to be about.
Aw! I had a pet baby squirrel after hurricane andrew!!  He was awesome.  We would climb trees together and just chill.  Had him for years.  He loved peanuts.  Would go outside and yell "sqirrelly!" And he would run down the nearest tree and climb up my legs then down my arm to check my hand for food.  If i didnt have anything he would bite me, lol, but not hard.
Squirrel Girl
Both of you are very handsome! Thanks for be his friend and help him 
Aww, you're a cute dad
That's nuts!
First Disney Princess with a beard 💕
Could somebody with more talent than I do a cartoon of these two? A concept illustration of just this photo would be great, but it really deserves a full comic strip treatment.
They're actually things of beauty.  Check out their front paws/claws.

These tree rats are pure muscle.  Ain't NOTHING as plain bad-ass as a north Maine tree-rat....they WILL spin circles around you.
Why does this type of stuff never happen to me?
I had a pet squirrel for about a month and it was the best month ever.
https://i.imgur.com/okp66FD.gifv
Hey, we look alike.
https://i.imgur.com/m9eOWVS.jpg
Don't....move.....there's a human under you.
You now have a pet squirrel.  
Ugh I know my dog would try to eat it but I want a squirrel!!! 😭
You better keep it as a pet. It has your scent now. 
Skinny Seth Rogan... Is that you?
I'll take a human over a Cat 5 Hurricane any day 
Unless it's a fox squirrel, that squirrel is actually an adult or well on its way to it.  He can eat all the normal things squirrels eat, so get with your local rehabber (who is probably freaking busy) to find out about setting up a box for him to live in until he's ready to run off, and what kind of food to put out for him.  Until then, a limited serving of nuts (in the shell if you can, so he can chew) and sunflower seeds will go well with canned yams, yogurt (critters love yogurt), and fresh produce will work. Definitely either let him run free soon or get a proper diet worked out for him, so he doesn't get bone problems and wind up dying because his poor little bones shatter when he does a big jump. :(  

No cow's milk to drink, instead, give water or a 50/50 mix of water with either Gatorade or Pedialyte, but nothing with artificial sweetener.  

While it's best not to get bit, of course, if you do get bit, you have almost no chance of getting rabies.  Squirrels and possums are *terrible* rabies hosts, and it's almost never seen in them.  Still, see a doctor anyway, because you'd still need antibiotics and to make sure your tetanus shot is up to date.

Thanks for giving this little guy a place to hang out until he feels confident again!

Source: Ex-wildlife rehabber, former baby squirrel whisperer, but not nearly the Disney princess you are.
I just found a baby squirrel and I put him in a bush. Hope he is ok but he was so little and wobbly I don't know know if he is gonna make it. 
This is the sweetest thing ever, how lucky this little nature baby was to find you! Xo
As a fellow rescuer of squirrels in need, they can be pretty cool little dudes. If its home's been destroyed by Irma, I'm sure you could find a wildlife rehab center nearby. 
So how's life as a Disney princess now?
poor little thing, Im sure he was thinking 'fuck it, either it eats me or lets me sleep' either way is fine at this point. 
People are going to tell you to rehabilate it or release, but just remember this video before you do. https://youtu.be/1VyQipO4miw
You're both Cute.  (No homo)
If anyone is planning on keeping these squirrels as pets, please look into metabolic bone disease in squirrels.  They require a specific diet to avoid this problem that if left unaddressed could result in death.  
Now you have your very own garage squirrel.
And here I am just like "a chipmunk put its paws on my shoe once."

No, I'm not jealous. Why do you ask?
okay we're gonna need more pics of this little bugger <3
That's awesome! 😍
Awwwwwwww...

I ran over one of those just yesterday. By accident. 
This picture takes your tinder level from average mode to easy mode.
OP, You are infinitely better looking than Seth Rogan. Don't fret.
I've always wanted a squirrel buddy!   
   
Thanks for bring there for yours.   
   
 I hope one day, the right circumstances bring me my own squirrel buddy.
So much gilding in this topic. Awesome to see gold stars everywhere in a topic that has restored my faith in humanity on such a shitty day.
"where do the squirrels go during Hurricanes?"
-Psychostick (from 'we ran out of CD space')
So, as a kid my mom saved a baby squirrel from a cat. We ended up keeping him as a pet until he died at age 17. 
Are you Seth Rogen?
You're a Disney prince !
This is a ninja squirrel, just practicing stealth attack
That is awesome! Did you nurse it back to health?
I found 2 dogs in Englewood, FL that were left in a fenced in backyard :( with no access to shelter. I was  scared at first bc the dogs looked aggressive but as soon as I opened the gate to the fence they both began to coward :( they were so sweet once they became acclimated to me. 
I find it interesting that these wild animals will go to people in situations like this. 
Are you related to seth rogan?

This is the forth baby squirrel I've heard of this week that has befriended a human after Irma. Poor babies
Fun fact: I found a newborn rabbit durring Hugo.  
Haaay squirrelfriend!
Had a hurricane. Got a squirrel. 
P.S. battle
So you have a pet squirrel now?
I love it when people help out animals.  
Us, humans can stand up to majority for creatures due what we've learned of them, we know creature's strenghts and weaknesses and we can use it to our own advantage.  
Smaller animals on the other hand can't, this was probably this squirrels first hurricane, it was probably out of its mind, you're a hero in its eyes and in ours.  
Props OP, props.
You better love that poor baby for life!
Congrats on the squirrel. 
You gotta feel bad for Scrat. Survives the Ice Age, and now Hurricane Irma, and still can't get to his nut. 
When is your rap album coming out? Cover art looks dope.
It's like " nature sucks, let's try humans "
He knows you have trail mix.  He ain't leaving until you fork it over.
it actually touches me, it turns out that human being is what they could rely on in the emergency.
Looks like you have a squirrel now. Congratulations!
Looks like you have a squirrel now. Congratulations!
Congratulations, you now have a pet squirrel.
That squirrel is holding on for dear life like that blue cap is his life raft. (I guess in a way it kind of is!) Thanks for saving him, OP! PS: What are you gonna name him and where is he gonna sleep?
Cool squirrel! I see your tie-dye and what looks like a pendant around your neck?? Who you got on?
Ugh. Cool animal shit like this  never happens to me and I love them. Most I ever got was a duck let me pet him while i was feeding them. Soon as I ran outta food he left.
What's up Seth Rogen
Everydays my birthday cos squirrels love cake
please take care of your new friend
Did op update?  I can't read through so many comments, but need moar baby squirrel story.
Pure speculation: its mother and father may have drowned, and it attached itself to the next 'being' that came along.

Pure speculation #2: it's just traumatized and in need of emotional support. 

Squirrels are actually fairly intelligent and tuned in to emotional states of other animals.  I recognized this when I once saw a squirrel taunting and throwing pieces of tree bark at my ex-gf's chihuahua while the chihuahua looked on hopelessly and barked at the squirrel perched on the tree limb above.

I'm sure he's traumatized, but like you said, he's a baby, and his parents could also be gone forever.

:( Poor guy. At least he's got a good surrogate dad now. :)
I can only assume you guys are best friends now..
He was destined to be your pet. Do you believe in fate?
Nature handed you a squirrel. Don't fuck it up. 
God fucking damnit nature, why you gotta be so cute, that's adorable!
So you're a Disney Prince? I dig it.
Pro tip from someone who raised squirrels once upon a time. They start off as the perfect pet and you'd wonder why wouldn't everyone have one. Then after about a year or so they hit puberty and you remember they are wild animals. They are meant to leave the nest and start their own families. They don't want to live with you even if they see you as family. They will start chewing through the walls and breaking things and will no longer listen to commands even if you trained them to before.

Tldr: love em while they're kids, but let them become functioning adults on their own. 
Hi are you single? :)
Baby squirrels are basically retarded. One followed my Bluenose pit bull into the house and he had a friend that never left his side till he stepped on it too hard. 
How the fuck is this shit upvoted so much lmfao it's not even a pic of his title. Are you idiots serious lol Reddit is trash honestly 
Well, you kind of look like a nut.
Don't mess with the squirrels, Morty!
So Irma is done now? (Not trying to be ignorant but I’m just curious 😅)
You're a disney princess now.
r/thathappened
Lol. Man, Reddit will upvote anything. 
Cough cough BULLSHIT cough cough
I am skeptical about this claim. Even if a wild animal runs into your arms and pass out the first thing it ought to do when it wakes up is to run away from you if it is indeed wild. That squirrel looks tame. I'm guessing this is a pet and you're whoring it for karma. I might be wrong but I'd bet my last dollar I'm not. 
Name it Irma.
Im happy that you decided to take it in and not to eat the suicidal squirrel
On a serious note rabies can present with symptoms of uncharacteristic friendliness and affection in some cases. It's not always the angry, I'm going to kill you behavior. 

He may very well be just a tired squirrel in need, but it's also possible he has rabies so.....maybe be careful.

Source: I'm a vet student


that's how my niece contracted Lyme Disease
r/thathappened
OP are you okay after the hurricane? Thanks for posting the picture I hope you are okay and everyone else down there. I've donated as much as I can afford in order to help out. Hope you never have to go through another hurricane in your life man!
Karma game is strong with this one.
OP, I would suggest finding a licensed rehabilitator ASAP. If you can't find one on Google, your local animal shelter can probably point you in the right direction.

In most states, squirrels are considered wildlife and *illegal* to keep as pets. Plus you probably don't just happen to have the setup to raise and keep a squirrel at home. It's not a good idea without the proper environment.

It's also really bad to just let them go too. Raised in your care, they may not have the developed skills and instincts necessary for them to survive. Don't do that.

Please find someone who knows what they're doing and pass it off to them as soon as you can.

Source: Went through this very thing not too long ago.
ye i'm sure it did.
Congrats you have rabies
Yo I'm sorry but fuck squirrels. They tear apart my lawn digging up nuts, they always try to get into my garage to set a nest or whatever the fuck they wanna do. And they are constantly running around on my roof even though I paid to have branches cut down. Fuck those tree rats
If you don't feed that guy some of your milks and peanuts soon...
When the hurricane is done, squirrels just wanna have fun. 
You got a dog, OP? 

Can you get your new squirrel frien to hide his acorns in your doggo frien's fur?
Can squirrels be good pets?  They are awful cute.
I'm more concerned about the stroke it appears you are having. 
did you freak out? what did you do? edit, I think we're all gonna need to work together in the coming decades if we want to survive the changing climate and rising sea levels...
That hat was $30
This made me cry.
Cool pose face bro. 
r/quityourbullshit 
I do not believe you 
You're a liar
[deleted]
Every squirrel finds a nut
So this is what the overly sensitive Reddit community looks like!
Bs?
I highly recommend, if you haven't already, trying to re-unite with Mom. You can put the little guy outside and leave him alone for a couple of hours. If mom doesn't return please contact a local wildlife rehabber. The best thing for an animal is to be with Mom, the second best is to be in the care of licensed rehabilitator. 

[What to do if you find a baby mammal.](https://i.imgur.com/93MRcQc.jpg)

[How to rescue a baby mammal](https://i.imgur.com/92de00P.jpg)
[removed]
Nuts.
Don't move an inch!
If you don't mind me asking, what city are you from?
Lol I doubt it.
He'll be searching for your Nuts 
Dont know if this is real or fake but props for this dude for helping :)
So are you snow white, or one of the dwarves?
You're doing a good thing man. Life is weird sometimes, but small acts of kindness make it worth it. Even if it's a squirrel.

Also, everyone in this thread is saying you look like Seth Rogan, but you look way more like Billy Eichner, and I mean that in a good way.
This is your minion now.
I guess you need a Disney name, now.
Skinny dan Harmon 
You are groot
Squirrels are fun.   At this one place we camped when I was a kid the squirrels and chipmunks were super tame and would climb on you and stuff. Fun times.  
I have a picture of a friend with a baby squirrel on her head too.  It died.  We sent it to the lab.  It had rabies.  :/
you've been adopted!
Poor baby hug ham for me pls
My family loves squirrels, so much so that we were looking for a baby squirrel so we could rescue it and take care of it after Irma hit us (we've researched how to take care of one and animal rescue doesn't give squirrels to families) 

I am SO JEALOUS
That squirrel looks hungover.
Nuts
Awww this is so cute, poor baby squirrel.
Did you check for fleas?
he is an ent now. 
you should name your squirrel a hobbit name. 
You must've been in a hurry to take care of it. No wonder you had such a stern look on that train! 
This guy trees.
He partied hard 🤢, pasted out💤, woke up during the storm🌩️, freaked😱, and just ran to the nearest safety ⛑️. 
 
Squirrels are so badly impacted by hurricanes. Of all the animals, they tend to see the biggest drop in numbers. If they aren't blown from their tree during the storm, they have to face a depleted food source for the next few months because all of their nuts get blown away. 

Glad you helped that little guy! 
Nice to see you're doing good in this world now rather than getting into trouble with the law and making a sex tape, Screech.
Now, u are the squirrel king.  May u be endowed with long life, and an endless supply of nuts
Squirrel? Well we have no deal with them!
Looks like a Pixar poster
the furrow of the lips make it go from aww to cringe
Squirrel ended up being rabid. At least the guy died doing what he loved.
That's odd behavior. It must've been crazy tired.
That's a nice day, Sgt Squirrel.
Is it just me, or does OP strongly resemble Justin Roiland? (With a squirrel hat on)
2 young raccoons came to me while i was out sitting on my porch watching thee storm! they ate the food i put out for the strays haha
Whats up with animals trusting ppl during natural disasters
This guy must be a Master Creature Handler.
So now the internet has an official squirrel. 
Sorry about the squirrel, Richard Bones!
Poor little guy
Awww! Bet it was happy to see another living being and probably shocked it survived the horror! 
Hims needs a hair brush
You are Groot. 
Give him a good home.
its cool really
Aww tell us moooore!!! How's he doin? Are you guys buddies now? Does he call you dad? Can we get video updates?
No it just gotta find its squirrel family. Hope they're not dead.
As cute as it is, please make sure you take the time to learn how to care for him if you can't find a rehabbber. I had a baby squirrel that lost its mother and imprinted on me. Turns out the need a lot of special attention. They wont even go to the bathroom without assistance depending on the age. I woukd reach out or at least do a little research so that the little guy continues to thrive.
I don't understand your facial pose.
 I see an Alvin and the Chipmunks remake in the works.  It's going to be called "u/purrbubble and a squirrel"

Much better than the original cause the squirrel sings like Chuck Berry instead of an adolescent girl.
KEEP IT
Good to know that there are still some good caring people out there. This just made my day, thanks op!
I call bullshit...the squirrels in Tennessee where I'm at would never come close to a human unless tamed..I could be wrong though..pretty cool to have one on ur head either way
Derrick, is that you????!!!! Been a while bro :)
Herp derp 
Humanity: THIS IS HOW WE ROLLLLLLL
But it's on your head
Hope everyone is ok there
I'm so jealous. I want one for a pet 
So you got chip, but where is chap?
Chris Salomone?
Squirrel Master 20 years before.  I didn't know Half Baked was based in the future.

Edit: words

Can animals recognize humans as non-threats and potentially helpful? Like are there more examples of completely wild animals trusting humans and abandoning their instinct?

Non domesticated animals, of course.
You kinda look like Anders Friden from In Flames dude
"Hey, Vsauce. Squirrel-head here!"
I'm now wondering if you're wearing a standard Tie-Dye or if its a GD Tie-Dye?? u/purrbubble
That's kind of weird, I would expect a squirrel to be afraid of humans and not go up to one. Maybe it had been raised by people. 
Are you gonna keep him?
Lol the way the squirrel is looking the camera is so adorable for some reason.
It's the Heat man.  Almost a week now without power and it's hot humid and no breeze.  Guy who took the pic looks like he's hanging out in the garage like me.  To hot in the houses.
I'm allergic to rodents.
Heh go figure! I also have had squirrels run straight into my arms and pass out after a rainy day.
The squirrel looks like he is ready for manicure 
I thought this was a throwback Thursday shot of a young Seth Rogan and James Franco 
[We're posting rodents on heads, now? Okay!](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/m5l8r/reddit_help_my_cat_brought_home_a_flying_squirrel/)
Congratulations on becoming a mother!
You should post this to reddit gets drawn! When i look at this picture I feel like you guys are a team. I bet the artists over there would have fun capturing your expression and making your squirrel look majestic AF
He's your responsibility now
you're tagged as squirrelman now.
Squirrels have a developmental period where they really aren't afraid of anything yet. He must be very young. Contact a wild life rescuer.
Awesome~!
is that a rat on a hat
I can't help but feel sad for this squirrel but happy for the dude. 
Monday morning I had to go to the emergency vet. I was there for maybe 2 hours and in that time people brought in around 2 dozen baby squirrels to drop off.  When I got home I went around the big oaks in my yard looking for any poor guys, but never saw any.  Must have been crazy for the animals.  I did see a family of sandhill cranes this morning that I was sure wouldn't make it.  Nice little surprise there.  
It just looks so sick of earths bullshit -"take me into your world of technology human" -passes out dramatically-
Why is there a squirrel on Seth Rogan's head
oh god, this sweet squirrel thread has some sad stories in it.  :(
Well done 
this is pretty awesome 
This picture is so beautiful I wouldn't care if it happened to be not real
Squeak squeaker, squeak squeaken. 

"did you eat the acorn?"
Link? Where's Rhett?!
which city where you in?
[Like a Ross](https://i.pinimg.com/236x/23/24/b0/2324b06e44fdcc50d7990ce1c5930018--bob-ross-wet.jpg)
you look like lemonnation!
[removed]
Cool
Squirrels are so cute. I like squirrels. Especially the ones that run right up to me.
Is that a Pink Floyd shirt by chance?
You are my unofficial Squirrel Wisper. You are on call from this day forward.
Wow. Pretty.
I guess you have a squirrel now. 
Why did you put glasses on him ?
OP now must undergo rabies treatments...
Will you keep and feed it or set it free?
My stepmom took in a cold and shivering baby squirrel but sadly it died a couple of weeks later :(
That's a very grown baby
OP, just wanted to let you know that in thumbnail form, you look like Seth Rogen. Also that squirrel's adorable, you must raise it to be a fine, upstanding squirrel.
Well the good news is that squirrels were really common pets in the 50's and rarely if ever carry diseases like rabies. So congrats on your new pet!
 The bad news? There is no bad news.
Squirrel? What squirrel? -stares lustily-
I had a pet squirrel once. Jim E. caught him in cowboy boot and gave him to me. I kept him in my tree house. One day I left the gate to the cage open and he fled. I miss you Jim E Squirrel. Hope you are happy. 
Squirrelidin Stormblessed
Where are you located? That's so cool. 
You're a father now! Is it a girl or a boy?
For a moment there I read it as passed away and was about to start depressing...
Looks like friends for life! :x
You better get a beer for the squirrel! 
0 proof it actually happened.. it's just a squirrel on his head
Wicked sure he slept good
 You are hot.
So did the squirrel have power and wifi at his place?
toxoplasmosis 
and now he has a best friend ! 
YOU !!
You've been chosen!
Anyone else kinda think the dude looks like Link from Rhett and Link/GMM
that's a nice camera.
Bob Ross with his squirrel friend?
You are daddy now.... 
Help me human wan Kenobi, you're my only hope!
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5255  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/42198)
It was the hat.  Any sport in a storm.
This is the paradox of humans, we all feel good about him saving this one squirrel, where we inadvertently turn 1000s of squirrels a week into roadkill.

Not saying we shouldn't feel good about this, just saying think about how weird it would look to aliens.
Cdew is that u
Glad he found a friend to help him out!
Prove it 
Which squirrel is posting the comment?
That melts my heart. So adorable! 
We only have one squirrel in our back yard. My wife is very concerned. We had a kazillion a week ago.
Its like everyone but me owns small woodland creatures.
You look uncomfortably like a cuter version of my ex
That makes you think. In nature, there have got to be some forest friends that actually exist.
Is he your pet now? Is he like a doge? Serious question
On a side note... I'm pretty sure your Yankee hat is a knock off 
VSauce, Michael here. Ever wonder... why are squirrels? 
I want a pet squirrel 
No
Awwww so cute 
so cute 
Death to all tree rats, for ravaging my dad's tomato crop 2 years in a row.  No mercy, and no quarter for tree rats.

May they die mercilessly and in agony
[deleted]
natures f u k t find me the nearest hooman to shack up with.
\>logo on cap

/r/HailCorporate 
r/quityourbullshit
Aww, I will adopt him. I've always wanted a pet squirrel.
Awwwwwwwwww
are you a disney princess?
😮 Poor baby!
Is it your pet now? Please say yes 
Tell the truth. Thats a cat in a squirrel costume!
nice! but you for got your chance to use "literally" in a sentence properly!!...I suspect that's probably why you left it out! 😁
That's how I twice ended up with pet squirrels as a child. The storms would blow them out of their nest. Poor squirrel babies! 
OP, are you my friend Ted? I miss Ted.
I wonder how many rodents ran at coyotes for shelter
Now imagine waking up in a human house, surrounded by humans.
Does that mean your a Disney Princess?
You are a god now.
Looks like OP's going to be Daniel Boone for Halloween.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J4J-Fuo0vLE

OP is an asshole.
Don't most squirrels carry the plague?
You sir, now have a pet squirrel! Congratulations! 
Where is your fedora?  Isn't the Reddit?
That sounds like it goes against all instincts of a squirrel? Any squirrel biologists know if this was a suicide attempt by the squirrel?
seth rogen ? 
That is so Adorable 😍
But that's a human?
A modern day Cinderella. 
Careful, baby squirrels can get meaner when they're older.
That's a happy little guy
Ur cuter than that squirrel boi. 😘💦💦
Peanut
But did it nut? 
Irma gerrrrdddd
That's really cool!!!
Awww!  Poor little boobear. 
So cool. Every 4th of July I open up the warehouse for the heron that lives nearby. The fireworks bring him inside for the night. It's the only night he comes in and he leaves in the morning.
The day after that, this OP terrorized a mother and her small son in Castle Rock, Maine.
TLDL: Got squirrel as windfall.
Reminds me of Jill the squirrel
And this is how new friendships are made
:D
r/thathappened
OP you're a hero
Lies lies lies and more lies lol is it that easy to get to the front page
Lmao....that squirrel must've saw some crazy shit out there to be running up on a human. 
It's funny how squirrels go from, "Get the fuck away from my tree!" with all the barking they do and then when the shit hits the fan they realize humans are cool and don't actually want to fuck up their trees.
Your face looks like it wants to penetrate the squirrel. 
Jackson?
OP is Snow White with a nice ass beard.
"I think I'll take my chances with this guy"
Better looking than Seth Rogan. 
How do animals know who is safe and who is not? I hate cats as I'm allergic to them, but I never really have a problem as long as I'm conscious. They know to avoid me for some reason. But if I'm passed out drunk, cats tend to sleep on my face and I'll wake up choking and itchy and red and swollen. 
He thinks you look like a nut.
Crazy....I didn't know Seth Rogen was the squirrel whisperer.
Irma probably drove the little guys nuts.
You know how they say pets and their owners look alike?

Just sayin ;)
Probably the coolest thing to come out of that terrible hurricane
Are you raising him now? 
Awwwwwww cute
Keep it
[Thank you for being a friend.](https://youtu.be/KiQzUEc_FmI)
It thought you were also a squirrel on account of that beard you got there
r
From what I understand, you should contact a wildlife center nearby - squirrels really aren't that great of pets, they need the right socialization and upbringing to be competitive out there, and they can be super fragile.

He's cute for sure, but the best chance he has in life is with someone who knows how to give it to him. 
Congrats. You're in an anime now. 
I want a squirrel hat too!
Some of these stories that come with the pictures are outrageous. I feel like I could take a picture of the rocks outside my house and make a story up about them and hit the front page.
And that is how you get a squirrel. 
That squirrel is busting nuts on your head.
We acquired a baby squirrel after a hurricane as well, she lived in our house for a year ,then we transitioned her to our yard ,slowly .... she came to the same feeder for many years
Yo! You got a pet squirrel now. I never thought someone could catch one let alone chill with one. 
Chick bait.. You gonna get lots of attention with this :)
Cool. Side note- You look like Garth's cooler brother. Party on!
We got our first bird after Andrew, sitting on my porch. My best friend also took in a Quaker Parrot with a broken wing. This storm luckily wasn't anywhere near that bad. All the neighborhood animals are OK
you look the guy from the great big story
Looks like you took this picture right before you started laughing. The whole (picture) left side of your face is already unhooked.
Growing up in the south with a pet squirrel I can tell you that they love Oreos and hate baths. They also don't fit in hamster balls very well.  
Steve Shives squirrel?
You should know that in some areas you have to be specially licensed to keep squirrels. The only reason I mention it is I have a friend who rescues squirrels and even though she is specially licensed people give her all kinds of grief. It looks like you're doing fine caring for it. I just want to make sure you know what you need to so people can't give you grief for it. 
You're really nailing the [Dreamworks face](https://33hpwq10j9luq8gl43e62q4e-wpengine.netdna-ssl.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/12TTQIZAWSJEbJE7RjMIfdg.png).
I'm holding back tears, this post is so powerful.
Could have had rabies.. 
I've wanted something like this to happen to me my whole life. 
Trap some more, breed them, domesticate them, and please finally give the world 'Best of Show: Squirrel Competition.'
Not to be a jerk but I'm calling bullshit!  I bet this is his pet squirrel and he just wanted internet points, kinda sad really.  Or maybe my cynicism is sad, either way...SAD!
I've never seen a thread so prolifically and randomly guilded.
The squirrel whisperer
That squirrel found his nut. 
Op whats the pendant youre rocking? Totally irrelevant question, but perhaps it was the power of the crystals that drew him to you. 
Same thing happened to my sister. Her squirrel quickly died though. She sent me pictures of it because she is totally bat shit crazy... I don't want to see that dead squirrel psycho
He knew you were a squirrel whisperer :)
Yay. You're amazing. 🤓
Just wait till he goes foraging for nuts on that new found tree of his
Seth Rogan looking good these days!
Byers?
A similar thing happened to me during Hurricane Matthew in NC! [This frog](https://i.imgur.com/FiVKbKO.jpg) was swimming against the current of a flooded out road towards me. I stuck out my hand and it jumped into it and just stayed. I carried it around for a few minutes and then [let it off in a small pond I found](https://i.imgur.com/xPPmaOD.jpg).
If you're gonna catch plague, this is at least a fun way to do it
I'm confused...is this seth rogan or dustin diamond?
Ya know, I am fucking touched that so many peeps on the internet are having Disney princess moments!  At the same time I want to encourage people to know that what they experience is just fine without telling the world. Nature likes to have a secret with you, don't exploit it! And what percentage of selfies with animals end up in the animals demise? I bet it's at least 10%! 
That's some surreal shit. Congrats on your new pet
People keep saying Seth Rogan, but all I'm thinking is Ian from Smosh
Plot twist: the squirrel died eventually and is a taxidermy
Nut
Someone with copious amounts of gold is frequenting this post
I guess this means you need to take up painting now.
My dads friend died of rabies when they were kids by getting bit by a rabid squirrel that jumped on him.  Truth.
Looks like your typical San Diego bro hahaha
I have that hat
Hey Edward, how long you been back in the US? You're game telling everyone where you are!
Cool. I rescued a pet squirrel once. In the spring, you can leave your window open and it will go outside and come back for a while. Eventually it will start to stay outside, but will come say high every now and then. 
