Please give Oki love from me! I lost my chocolate lab this summer. He was 13, I got him when I was 6 too. 
What's his name? Give him an extra pat for me.
Please give Oki extra behind-the-ear scratches for me.

And really get in there, don't half ass it.
Look at him! He's going to be a good boy until the end of time!
Good boy detected. 14/10, does not look a day over 8, would pet. :)
All he's known his whole good boy life is you.
I got my first dog when I was 6 and had to put him down when I was 22 and he was 16. He started having uncontrollable seizures from his old age.
Probably the saddest day of my life.
He is in all of my childhood memories and photos.
The greatest thing my parents ever did for me was bring a dog into our family.
Every dog needs a kid to grow up with. 
Lost my lab mix at 14 years old last year. She was with me for a decade. Oki seems like a good boy. My lab was my spirit animal and best buddy. I wish you and Oki a happy winter of his life.
YEAH BUT IS HE A GOOD BOY??!?!
This really touched my heart. I didn't get my first dog until I was 29. Ike (rat terrier) is 15 now & I don't know what my hard times would have been like without him. I'm so happy you have your sweet Oki! ❤️
Lost my two yellow labs I also grew up with earlier this year ❤ Please give him a good snuggle and a treat from me 
Kudos to you for taking care of his teeth! Looks like he still has a nice set!
I felt the same way about my dog!! I raised her from Day one. Her mama had 14 puppies in a hollowed-out log in the woods behind my house. I heard them while waiting for the school bus, and then I crawled into the log and pulled out all of the puppies. I missed the bus, but the principal said I had the best excused absence she's ever heard. I would agree.

[Here's 8-year-old me with some of her littermates.](https://i.imgur.com/tNm7EFQ.jpg)

[She always looked sad, even as a little floof.](https://i.imgur.com/MCAaiU9.jpg)


And this last photo was taken on my last visit home before she died. We decided to go kayaking and were pretty far out before we realized that my 14-year-old dog had been swimming behind us (at a distance) the whole time. Since we couldn't pull her into the kayak without tipping it, we paddled to the nearest shoreline where her feet would touch the bottom and then we got out and pushed the kayak home because it was dragging the bottom and not really moving. When I'd come home from college, she would ALWAYS sleep right outside the front door so she wouldn't miss it when I left. Not that I would leave without that belly-rub I know she wanted.

[The most loyal dog I've ever owned.](https://i.imgur.com/XgQegUD.jpg)
Enjoy that friend right there. Had my best bud (black lab) for as long as I can remember and he got to see me go off to college and passed away mid semester. Tough time for me and my family, but crazy thing is he held on just long enough for me to get home from college that night (2 hours away) and hold him and say goodbye to him one last time. Passed away right in my arms. 
I'm gonna cry man. I got my little old man dog when I was like 5 and I'm 18 now. He is still such a good boy his name is Scamp. :)
Give him all the pats and good boyes
A wonderful joyous friend to have.
Aww, bless! Hopefully he'll be with you many years yet!
Aww what a good boy
Oh hai doggy!
Is he old at 14, in dog years
Such a beautiful boy! Give him extra hugs for me!
That is most excellent.
wow. My family also got our yellow lab when I was 6. He passed when I was 21. Are you me? Duke, is it you???
My parents bought a dalmatian when I was about that age.  And we grew up the same, together. 

At some point the kid down the street stole my bike.  And I called for my dog, whose name was Dolly.  Little kids aren't that creative.  

The dog rips the stud out of the tree it was tied to and travels 30 mph to destroy whatever was bothering me.  

Meanwhile the idiot who was stealing my bike stopped to make fun of me for calling for my dolly.

Needless to say, he got sacked by a dalmatian.  And I got my bike back, and my trusty pup followed me home at my heels happy that he protected me.
I don’t even know your dog, but I love him!
That's a good boy
The goodest of boyes
Awe..... made me get in the feels a bit. We got my dog, Jake, when I was 5. He was 1 year old and was rescued from abusive owners. A little over a year ago he passed, and it was the saddest day of my life... A little while after, our neighbors, who run a doggy-day-care and regularly rescue strays, brought over a cute doggo they found on the drive home from on of their trips. She had been completely abandoned, the phone numbers linked to a chip she had were disconnected. 

It's amazing how sad you can be after losing a life-long pet, and then immediately be willing to put yourself through that pain, even though it is far off in the future... But they are 100% worth it!
I firmly believe God didn't make any mistakes EXCEPT for making the lifespan of dogs only 12-15 years. That's the one thing I'd like to dispute. 
Lucky
He's such a good boye 
He's an amazing best friend 100% sure.
My family had to put down our 16 year old jack Russel today.

Cherish him
Dude when the times come it's going to be hard - hope you have good friends and family for support.  I got my springer spaniel at 9 years old.  He died three years ago at 17.  I was crushed.  Dude went thru two states and probably five different homes with me.
He is the same age as mine. I found her in a plastic bag, barely alive, coming home from the last day of primary school. She is turning 15 on november and still running like she were 10 years younger.
He looks good for a 14 year old dog 
Man he looks like he's got at least 5 more left! 
Good buddy! He looks like such a good boy!
Bless u both. He looks great
A good boy.
Such a beautiful dog
What a beautiful friend :)
My parents got a dog 6 months before I was born and he was the best dog I could have ever asked for. Right up to the end he would have done anything to make sure my older sister and I were ok. I'd give a lot up to have him back. 
So is he goodest boy or bestest boy?
We had to put our 16 year old down less then a year ago.  It was the worst and I said I never wanted to go through that again but now have a new puppy.  Once they are in your life, it's so much more empty when they aren't.
He's not old, he's a S E A S O N E D B O Y E 
You take good care of that young man, OP. No bamboozles.
My 15 year old lab was just put down 5 hours ago after I found him unable to walk or move at all. I wish my friend who I have had for at least 8 years after welcoming him into my home was still around. Cherish your years because you never know when it can all end...
Wow, he looks great for a 14yo lab! 😲 I hope you two get at least a few more good years together. ❤️ 
I lost my dog this past year while on deployment, he was ~15 yrs old. Savor every moment you can with this good boy.

10/10 good boy confirmed
He was there for everything. Elementary, helped you spy on neighbors. 


Middle school, helped you browse the internet. 


High school, helped you sneak out and get chicks by doing tricks for girls. 



Best friends. 
I lost the dog I grew up with 2 weeks ago. She was my best friend in the world. I kind of live far away from everyone else, at least from a kid's perspective, so it was extremely rare that I had friends over. I live right next to a big state park, and I loved exploring off the trails as a kid. Of course, my dog was more than happy to come along. We explored and geocached together. We found springs, caves, forgotten old houses, and even a random bathtub with running spring water once. We tracked things in the mud and snow. We must have terrified hikers when we popped out of the brush, both covered in mud and dirt, me wielding a flint spear. 
In middle school and high school, when I was having a hard time, I would sit on my mom's bed with her and tell her things I was ashamed of, scared of, or things that were just too painful for me to talk to people about. She wasn't ever huge on cuddling and uncomfortable with invasions of her bubble, but she'd tolerate me hugging her if i was balling. 
She always was very independent. I wouldn't call her loyal in a dog sense-she was more loyal like a human friend. She did what she wanted, but when it was important she could tell and she would listen. she had so much personality, and was so sassy.
She was a beautiful dog, too. Literally two weeks before we lost her, some guy at a gas station saw her in my car said how pretty she is, and guessed that she was about 1 year old (she was 14). 
When it came down to the decision, my parents relied on me. I'm pre-vet, and have a good amount of experience, so they relied on my expertise. I know I made the right call. but probably the hardest thing i've ever had to do. Lucy was the best friend I ever could have asked for.

Sorry for such a long comment, I kind of got carried away. OP, you and I were lucky to have such great childhood friends. I hope you and Oki have many happy years ahead of you.
Man this hit me hard. Just had to put down my 16 year old dog a week ago. She was a golden retriever mix/mutt. We rescued her from hurricane Katrina when she was about 2/3. She was my best friend growing up and everyday is hard without her. I come home from work and it just feels...weird. No one to greet me. Sorry to post this I just had to tell someone. 
My dad's chocolate lab was all I got of his when he died. I was 15. I swear he understood that my dad was gone and he picked up right where Dad left off. Cared for me more than any human has. Sammy lived to 17 years old and got me through some of the hardest times in my life. I still miss hearing him plop down at the foot of my bed every night (or against my door if the bedroom door was closed). They truly are family.

Squeeze Oki for me. <3
That's so badass. People take these kinds of stories for granted. But not that many of us have companions that last through all of those turbulent years. Yes OP, you treat Oki like a king. 
Got my chihuahua, Sassy, when I was 4. She got sick when I was 16 and passed away at 12 years old. I'll never forget her and her attitude ❤️ 
What a very good boy! Dogs are the best friends. 
We don't deserve dogs. 
Adorable!
There’s no love like this one. 
Nothing better than a doggo friend to grow up with.
悩んらたままの！
this kind of posts make my eyes water 100% of the times
Oh my god the unbearable and inevitable heartbreak. I love/hate pets in the most powerful of terms. 
Good doggo! My cat lived to be 21 and was here all 21 years of my life until last November her name was fuzzyhead R.i.p
I have a yellow male lab, he is 10 and he's my best friend. When I look at him now all I see is an hour glass winding down and it kills me, I'm so happy to see your doggy looking great at 14. My buddy's name is Duke, well technically Duke Wellington the third on his papers. Labs forever!
They teach us how to be human.
We got our dog when I was 4 and now I'm 18. He actually just died today. :( love your dog with all you have because you can't give anymore when he's gone. 
He looks *exactly* like my dog Truman, who I also got when I was 6! [Here's a pic](https://imgur.com/a/yqmbq) for comparison.

Labs are the best. 
That heckin' good boye pupper is doing a rest. 
B E S T B O Y E
I'm not crying you're crying
I grew up with a yellow lab too! there is absolutely no better friend. I got her right after my 8th birthday and she lived until I was 22. On October 1st it will be a 5 long years without her.  

Give Oki extra hugs from me please! maybe even a nice belly rub :) 
Man I wish I grew up with a dog like this. The memories and friendship created are unparalleled 
Hold on, gotta go give my dogs a hug
A yellow lab at 14? Thats awesome! Mine just turned 11. He tore his puppy acl but hes still going strong. I grew up with him as well and im happy to see him still going strong. Godspeed friend 😊
What a good boyyyyy!
My family got a kitten when we were living in Maine and I was about 1-2 years old. Fast forward 20 years and she just recently passed in Seattle, Washington while living with my brother and his wife. She went from Maine to Maryland (where she was hit by a car and came home completely bloody and destroyed), to Mississippi (where our other cat, her best friend, ran away), to Seattle (where she underwent constant abuse from another cat we ended up putting down to increase her quality of life). She was my best friend and I just hope you and this good boy have had at least a quarter of the good times Chansey and I did. Who the fuck is cutting onions?!
Oof. Them feels. This was my friend growing up.  https://i.imgur.com/KIrmqhg.jpg 
Aww hes a good boy
Aww, what a good doggo!
Very good boy
Cherish every moment you have with him. Missing my best friend these days :(
He's seen some shit that fo sho 
Nothing but love 14 years and counting.
I've got an old yellow myself, and she's been my best friend since day one. Unless you've had a pup like ours, you cannot understand the amount of belonging and emotional support they bring. Best $500 I've ever spent. 
Make the most of your time with him! Enjoy the moments! That impending bitter moment with be a metaphor for the end of your youth and the coming of age to your adulthood.
This is the best thing I've seen all day. I love your dog. Take good care of him. Lots of walks treats and loves. 
I had a dog from from 12 to 27. That dog raised me just as much as my dad did. I had to put him down last October and I miss him every day. Cherish the time you have with your boy OP.
My dog made it from my first day of 2nd grade to my engagement party. She lived to be 15 and she was the best dog. Cherish those moments! 
I am happy for you.  If it wasn't for my dogs I would have offed myself by now.
You're so lucky to have grown up with such a great buddy!
I didnt choose the I'm a good boy life, it choose me. 
We got my dog when I was 8 I'm now 24 and she's 16. I dread the day she goes but she is the love of my life. 
Love him extra hard for me. I just lost my 11 year old yellow lab a week ago. It still kills me.
Yup, math checks out. 
He's 14 after 14 years you say? 
R/theydidthemath
He looks like he has the body of a 14 year old, but if you look in his eyes you can see his spirit is as new as when he came into the world.
Make sure to enjoy every moment with him, friend. The dog I've had since kindergarten just has to be put down two days ago. It really was like losing a sibling. Enjoy every moment with that doggo knowing that they won't be there forever. 
Good boye confirmed 
My dog-son is 5 and my man-son is 4 months old, and I keep telling them that they will be the best of friends.  I grew up with a dog on a 53 acre tree farm and having a dog friend is the best.
Keep him close. Our family dog,  we got her when I was 16 (I'll be 30 in two weeks).  We found out on Tuesday that she has a cancerous mass oh her heart and she my not make not make it into next year.  She's a trooper, always happy to see everyone and smiles.  Keep that stuff close, friend.
I have a dachshund he's 12 now, I'm 25. Had him since he was 1. He's got heart failure and probably haa 6 months at most to live. I don't know what the hell i'm gunna do when I lose him.  He's the only thing that's kept me sane. 

Crazy thing is, I wanted to go on a weekend vacation but my parents are out or town so I have no one to take care of him so I can't go. I thought to myself "what  a fuckin hassle" and now I'm looking back at that just thankful he's still with me for now. I hate to even leave him by himself sometimes 
r/hedidthemath
Everyone thinks their dog is the best dog. No one is wrong.
I love Pets but Astma Problem doctor don't Allow 😔😔
I have a dog who I got when I was 7. She was 2. Today I'm 23 and she's 18 years old and I had to leave her home to move for grad school. I really don't know when I'll see her next. Or if I'll see her at all and it breaks my heart thinking about it.
I just realized that my dog is around the same age, and I got him around the same time. Poor guy can barely walk anymore. I'm glad you had such a good friend to grow up with, I feel the same way.

In case you haven't seen it, courtesy of /u/Poem_for_your_sprog :

> My friend is good.
He say good boy.
He always tell me true.
And when he glad and full of joy,
I know that I am too.

> I feel a feeling in my heart -
A little thing and then -
I know he sad and do my part
To make him joy again.

> He all I think a friend can be.
I love you, boy, he say.
He like to spend his time with me -

> And everything okay.





The title mixed with the photo alone is making me tear up
Just wanna say he looks like an awesome doggo and I bet you would never change a thing.

But this reminds me of something I've thought of long ago. If I ever have a kid and do something like this.. I think I will wait until the child is like 6 or 8. Because when a kid is like 2 years old they have zero recall of anything.. so extend the pet's life further into the kid's that way.. just a thought. 
I got my baby Emma when she was 6mos old and I was 10. She lived to be 18. She was there for my wedding day too. 


She passed in 2015 a few months after my husband and I got tattoos for both of them- here's [Emma!](https://imgur.com/a/5jYw1) 

Enjoy every moment and be extra patient with him as he ages. Last few years of her life were all about quality of life ❤️
Beautiful dog!  
You better tell him he’s a good boy every day.
Lovely people the dogs are.
Please enjoy every second you have with him.  I just lost my baby girl Casey who I grew up with my entire childhood, I’m 21 now.  You’ll never have a dog quite like the one you grew up with and I’d do anything to just sit down and appreciate her beautiful eyes one more time.  Give him an extra kiss tonight. 
Aww we got my dog when I was 7 and now he's 15 and I'm 22. 
I bet he is thinking the same about you too. Congrats!
Omg I lub him 😍 
He probably feels the same x10
He looks happy. Good job Hooman.
his clean teeth, one reason he is so healthy & young for his age
old doggo
He is such a good dog 
Looking real good for 98
It was the exact same story with me and my golden. My family got here when I was 6, but sadly she passed away 2 months from being 14. 
Aww. We just buried our little rat dog (chihuahua + pomeranian mix) 2 nights ago. As much as I hated that little guy, he was cute as a button and he was with us for 11 or 12 years. Was a lot harder to bury him than I thought it was gonna be... I'm actually tearing up a bit at the image of the orange Nike box being covered with rocks and dirt :(

YOU BETTER LOVE THAT DOG WITH ALL YOU GOT OP. Because I'm sure your dog is a lot more well behaved lol.
if you haven't already take some videos of your little boy sleeping contentedly. 
Give Oki tons of hugs!
Got my best friend, Bear, when I was in second grade. He was the biggest most loveable white lab I had ever come across. He passed my sophomore year of college and I never got to say goodbye. That was the saddest day of my life. Cherish your time with your fur buddy- we truly don't deserve dogs. 
Had a dog just the same as you. I was 7 when we got her. She passed almost a year ago at 14. I was 21. Couldnt have asked for a better dog and am so grateful for her presence and impact on my life. Sitting here crying about it just from seeing your post. Thank you for posting. And thank the universe for Oki and all dogs like him. 
He will always have a piece of your heart ❤️, and you will never forget him in yours,
he looks like a good boy!
I know exactly how you feel. My parents got a german shephard about a year or so before i was born. I basically had a 4 legged furry big brother growing up. He was a better dog then I was a person. I'd give anything to have him back. Scuse me while i get something out of my eye now. 
Awww what a gentle looking boy. Incredible life  14 years of companionship!  and hopefully many more memories between you and the doggo!!! 
My dog died when she was 14 and I was 20. :'(
Nothing like growing up with a dog. I had my first dog with me from the day I was brought home from the hospital. As an only child he was my best friend. He passed when he was 16 and I was 10. Max was a good pupper.
G O O D B O I A L E R T
This made me ugly cry. My family got a Golden/Lab just before I turned 7 and we had him until I was almost 22. He was the best damn dog and I believe everyone should have the awesome experience of growing up with a buddy like this. Hug your friend for me! 
Awww
Damn good looking teeth for a 14 year old pupper! Must be a good boy when it's time to brush!
Savor every moment.... 
My Golden is the same age and I got him when I was six too. We don’t deserve them
Fuck yeah dogs are awesome! That looks like a heckin good boye 
I had the same experience. A lot feels.... :) I always have said if we ever do manage to have a kid, the age you got him is about when I would want to get my kid his first canine friend. He looks really happy, thanks for giving that soul a great life. I remember being 20, I hope the next decade in your life is amazing.
Sometimes I wish I could upheart 
I love to read posts like this ❤️
Got two pugs when I was 7. I'm 17 now and only one still remains (the other one died in his sleep several weeks ago). Don't ever stop hugging Oki for me. 
Definitely. Not. Crying. 

I had my cat from 8-24, losing her was the worst. We are the lucky ones, we get them for such an important chunk of our lives. 
A DOG ON HIS MASTER

As young as I look,
I am growing older faster than he,
seven to one
is the ratio they tend to say.
Whatever the number,
I will pass him one day
and take the lead
the way I do on our walks in the woods.
And if this ever manages
to cross his mind,
it would be the sweetest
shadow I have ever cast on snow or grass.

(from Ballistics: Poems, Random House, 2010)

By Billy Collins 
Dogs are awesome to have in general but I think its extra special to have had a dog that you grew up with. Theres something special about it.
I lost my dog suddenly to cancer a few years back, he was only 7 years old. Cherish every moment with your dogs fellas; you never know when it could be their last. 
Got my long-haired Chihuahua Gizmo when I was about 3, had her my whole life and she recently passed away in August right before I started my senior year, she suffered from a nasal tumor and was absolutely miserable and we had to put her down. Had her for almost fifteen years, we grew up together, the memories we made will be with me for the rest of my life. A dog is an amazing companion to have, it's crazy how big of an impact they can have on your life. 
I hope he lives forever. Looks like a good dog.
Thats one cuddly lookin pupper there, OP. You guys got a great thing going there. 
Ok great well now I'm going to go get a dog this weekend. I hope you're all happy.
Can I get two friendly likes on this comment to reach 1000 likes overall? This will make me day
Now that's a handsome dog. I had to comment because my childhood friend adopted me around the same age but we had to put her down at 14 when I was 20 because the cancer got too bad. Hard to imagine it's been 7 years now. Cherish that handsome gentleman while you can!
He's so beautiful.  He still looks very good for his age.
:)
I never knew a Reddit post could make me tear up. I love my dog so much and want him to be with me as long as possible.
Treat him well. I just lost the dog I had since I was 6 about a month ago and I'm 21 now. I miss her so much. Knowing that whenever I come home from school that she won't be there to greet me just kills me. I'm sorry to be depressing, just needed to vent I guess...
Do you ever wonder if dogs get bitter and resentful deep down inside as they grow older and realize they'll never be human?
Good boy
Give him a pat for me. I just lost my dog after 15 years. She was 2 when I adopted her. I know we were very lucky to have such a long time together and she only recently slowed down, I didn’t let her suffer, of course she couldn’t live forever, but damn its like my left hand has phantom pains reaching for her head by my side all the time.
I'm so jealous. 43 and still never had a dog... One day. If I ever retire.
Best friends for life ;-)
One scratch behind the ear from me please. +1 forehead kissy kiss. 
There it is! There is the IRL math question: If he's 14 now, you 20 now, and you are now 20/6th the age you were when you got him, what age was he when you got him?
"The Noble Doggo, Esquire"
Wow same age for us both and dogs, nice! 
Just took my pupper on a five mile hike yesterday. Everytime I see photos like this I feel like I need to do more with him. 
Old boyes get extra schmakos. It's the law
Treasure every god damn moment with that dog you hear me? Make a promise to that dog that you will love him or her for the rest of their life. My dog of 12 years passed away about 3 weeks ago and I had him since he was 7 weeks old. I'm 21 years old and lost the only think i cared about more than anything in the world, a best friend that was with me for the better part of my life and the most difficult part of my life so far. We dont deserve these good boys...

This sounds like a 1st grader math problem...
I'm so high I had trouble with the math 
Aweee! I actually did a pic collage today (of two pictures) of my pupper when I got him when I was 14, and now. I'm 24 now. 
My dogs turning 8 next Friday and iv had her since I was 6 I’m turning 15 in March and I’m so glad I got spend all these years with here’s 🍻to five more :)
Dogs truly are the best type of friends. Looks like such a sweet boy. 
The feels.
Is that a Golden Retriever? I've had my Golden since I was 2 and now I'm 16 and she's 14.
A VERY GOOD BOY!
He looks like a good boy! Kinda funny he also looks like a cross between my pupperino and my boyfriends doggo (we lost the two of them a few years back about a week apart). They were literally the best. 
You're gonna miss him so much when hes gone, make the most of these years, or months, you never know what you cant get back, so do as much as you can with your lil buddy, I know I wish I could have.
Im also 20, and i just recently lost my old pup i grew up with since i was 6. Truly the best friends you can have
We got my first GSD when I was a kid, and we put him down when I was 19, I grew up with that dog and I'll never love anything as much again.
25 now, have a 5 year old GSD and share a 1.5 year old with my gf, but still never the same.

Cherish this dog my dude.
What a babe!
def a good boy. <3 your best boy. god is a dog.
14 and looking healthy as ever 
I don't like his politics, but he's one helluva dog.
you are lucky :) I never had a friend, not even animal (who would have certainly been better).

Enjoy him!
I NEED MORE PICS PLEASE!
What do you feed him !?!?
Math checks out
Wonderful 
Whata good boye 
Oki looks like one hell of a good boy! Make sure to hug and pat him for me! I have had two labs and they’re the best friend a man could ever ask for. 
Got my dog when I was 6 am 20 now. Just put her down last month. Very sad times 

All the likes 
Those eyes look so damn sweet and full of great doggy memories with your family. Great picture, thanks for sharing! 
Actually, he's 98
I grew up with my dog too.  We got him just after I was born, so he and I were always the same age.  I think we had the same intelligence level too haha.  It's so great to have that bond at a young age.  Oki looks like a very good boy :)
So cute. We just had to put my dog down yesterday, had him 16 years :'( give him a good pat for me and make sure to take plenty of pictures 
Those look like Virginia woods
I am in the exact same situation except I have a Black Lab
14 is a wonderful old age for a dog.  I wish mine had made it that far.  Give him a big hug and a boop-kiss on the muzzle from me.
Keep him close...

God I think when we finally get the hang of biological immortality, one of the first practical uses will not be on humans, but our animal buddies.

They leave us all too quickly... 
Got my lab when I was six and he died when I was twenty. I was a mess. And two days later my car got stolen. Damn that was a shitty week..
These kinds of posts make me cry. I'm a grown-ass man.
The best kind of friend is one who accepts you no matter what.
Best friend you could ever have. Even when you hate yourself, they still love you to pieces.
Good dog! *pats*
Just did the math, story checks out.
That's my plan for my kids! I'm going to wait for the youngest to be around 5 and then we'll go to the local rescue for a lifelong friend!
I got my pupper when I was 9 and am also now 20, they are the best possible friends to grow up with.
SAME!!!! 
https://i.imgur.com/dRpE1GR.jpg
I had a chocolate named buster. Same time frame as you. He's still my best boy ever. 
/r/theydidthemath
Glad to see some love in the world.
Thanks for not making me do math
Such a sweet old boy ^_^
I had a Labrador since when I was eleven until last month he was thirteen when he passed away and he was my only real  friend in the world. 

Life sucks. 
You have been blessed in this life. I've had no dog that ever compared to my Duchess. They are all a very close second though.
Daughter got a 11 year old dog when she and her mother moved in with her mother's fiance.  3 weeks later you could not stop her from crying after needing to put Delta down an hour after getting home from school.  The ashes will be put under Delta's own rock in the backyard.
Cutest post on Reddit today 
He is lovely. I'm glad you have had him and that you treasure him.
WHO'S A GOOD BOY?! YES YOU ARE, YES YOU ARE
His name isn't Colby I hope!
There's nothing like a best friend to get you through the tough times
I just adopted a 9 month old pup a few months ago, and now I'm thinking about all he will (hopefully) see me through in his short lifetime (I'm 26, so hopefully he'll make it at least 14 years). If I weren't at work I might be crying right now. It's very likely he'll be around when I get married, have kids, see them get halfway to adulthood. I can only imagine how hard it will be on them when he goes, and I'll have to be strong for them.

Maybe I'm overthinking this...
Good boye
Such kind eyes
My dog is also 14, but im 27. He's a good dog when he wants to be lol he's definitely at that angry old man stage
Handsome pupper! 
Have a lab boy around 12 years old I’ve had since 6th grade  I love with all my heart and miss every day while I’m away at school: Labs are truly the best friends anyone could ask for. 
Hi Oki, at 14 you're still handsome 
❤️ ❤️ ❤️ 
Math checks out. 
I miss my dog 
He looks like a GOOD BOY!
Good boy! I got my current pupper when I was 13 and I'm turning 24 next week!
He looks really healthy and young
It'd be hilarious if someone said the same thing with a younger sibling.
Is that a lab or a retriev, I'm always so confused by thems ethnicities?
"I have known master my whole life. I am old. very old. I couldn't have asked for a better friend grow old with" ~Oki
I have a 16 year old sheltie who has been with me since I was in 2nd grade :) he's a little hard of hearing, but other than that, he's more like 16 years young! 
Good dog
Got my lab when I was 4 and she stayed until I was 18. Waited until I went off to college and then passed away a month into my freshman year. 
Unlike a woman he loves you. 
He's adorable! Labs are like unconditional love given a body to walk in :3
Should we tell him ;_;
Great stuff ;D
That time you have with him is special, cherish every minute of it.
Who is a good boy?
What a good boy
What a good boy!!!!!
Good boy!
I wish I could share this with someone, but I don't want to break their heart.  A (former) friend brought a fella much like this one into her family when her second youngest was a toddler, and the two were thick as thieves for years.  Buddy made it to 14, but he passed after second youngest had a falling out with the family over certain truths about them that my now-former friend (and some siblings) didn't want to accept. The only regrets second youngest has ever expressed to me about the break is having to leave Buddy behind, and not being there when Buddy passed.
RIP doggo all my codolences...
Your lucky 
Unfortunate that he has never known freedom
Fuck
You are a lucky man.
Beautiful pup!
Aww love him!!!
This makes me sad
You are both very lucky. 
Awww that's awesome, what's his name?

The dog I grew up with died when I was 17(at age 13 for her) worst week of my life was losing that dog. Nothing can replace the lifelong(at least for me at the time lifelong) bond with a dog. I'm 21 now and still get upset thinking about her. I'd love to hear more about him if you got anything fun to share :) 
It's uncanny how much he looks like my dog, mack! He even does that pose! Tho mack has diamond eye (a genetic condition). So cute! 
My dog of 16 years died last week, make sure to give ur doggo a nice scratch for me
That is one content looking pupper. Clearly a good boy as well.
I miss my labby :( 
ITT: tear-jerking stories of folks who lost their good boyes and good girles
I have a dog. I can't tough him or I feel really bad because I have allergies. The end 
What a cruel joke that the purest creatures die so soon
I'm not tearing up, you are
I. Am. Sobbing.
I feel like these animals adopted at ages so influential like from years 2-9 really are so important to people growing up.
Like our beautiful Alaskan husky ironically named Alaska before the breed was chosen. My parents had had siberean huskies before and wanted a white dog named Alaska. The one they found just happened to be an Alaskan husky.

Anyway, they got her from a local breeder when I was 2 years old. I'm 20 now and still vividly remember being there with my parents at the breeder. I could go on, but anyway, we got her and had her for nearly 15 years. She was moody like huskies can be, not the best with us rough kids, but we learnt her boundaries haha
We were homeschooled so I was really raised alongside Alaska. We played in the snow in winter, we'd sit on the couch together, we'd go on walks in the rain. My new dog hates the rain haha. 

Sorry, seeing your boy got me going on a memory <3 We had to put her to sleep after an aggression incident on her part in reaction to a neighbor kid coming to the door. We don't really know what happened exactly, but she tried to bite one of them. She was 14 and just in a lot of pain from arthritis. We all knew it was time. She hadn't been happy for a long time. We said our goodbyes, and the next day my mom took her in to put her to sleep.

I had a hard time accepting she was gone for awhile. One night in a dream several months later, I vividly saw her and felt reassured that she was happy and comfortable now, and that she's still here in spirit.

I'm a very watered down pagan. It's more of a funfact in the bonus section of my life than it is in the main biography. But it was still a moving experience to be comforted by her in a dream. I could science out an explanation as to why I had that dream, but I'm gonna let that slide for the sake of the comfort.

This got way too long haaa
He's going to die soon.
I got my dog when I was 10 and just died a week ago at age 17 (I'm 27 now). Cherish all your time him! The dog you grow up with will be with you forever, even after they pass.
Hi I love you Oki you are a good boy 
And his final lesson to you will be heartbreak and greif. Sobering lessons but vital to a good life.
must have taken extra good care of him!
We brought my pupper home when I was 9 and she was 6 weeks old. Now, I'm about to turn 21, and she'll be 12 in March. I can't imagine her ever not being a part of my life, dogs really do become family <3
Great looking dog 
My dog just turned 14. I feel the same way. Sad that she's old now though 
Got a 5 year old dog when I was 5. Died when I was 15. Rest in peace Pepper
KING OF THE BAMBOOZLE <3
We got a lab mix puppy when I was 9 he got hit by a car comin back from getting some tail when I was 27.   What a friend
And role model. 
You only grow up once and you nailed it
old boofers are good boofers
Awww I can relate. I had a pup from jr high until I was around 24. She was a great pal and I miss her all the time still.
Was that picture taken at my cabin at Black River near Twin Rivers landing in Lesterville south of St Louis, Missouri?  I thought I recognized that background!  Definitely a Missouri mix of deciduous trees. 
I lost mine when she was 14. Still hurts.
It does look like a good boy to me 
I know there are 10,000 versions of this story here but you touched me OP. Treasure your time together! My parents brought Shady home when I had just turned 2, she was about 4 months old. Shady was abandoned on the side of the road when my uncle found her. Ugly as they come, giant toothy under bite, mixed breed of about everything, afraid of everything. I spent my whole childhood with her. My teenage years too. I lived at home through most of college and she was there with me. When I was 24 we were forced to make a quality of life decision. If Shady were a person she could drink, smoke and vote in the USA. I miss her everyday. Thanks for the happy tears OP I needed it. I fucking loved that dog.  
Same here! My dog and I are both 19 and he is my best friend! I have him since I was 1 and he was a newborn pup! 
Oh man, what do your human friends think about that?
Who brought damn onions into this sub, damnit people!!!....no onions in the comment section
the day we are able to breed dogs to live as long as owners is the day the world breaks from joy
just reading the title, i thought this was gonna be a word problem
I got my PitBull when I was 5, now I'm 18. He's going to be 13 this November. He's had cancer for 6 years but shows no sign of pain or growing old at all. He's a bit lazy, but he's still a wild puppy at heart. 
Enjoy every minute you've got with him! I was almost in the same position as you, with my dog. Got him when I was 7, had to say goodbye when I was 21. It's just came up on 2 years since saying goodbye. Best friend, and the goodest boy I've ever known. Having a pet that you grow up / spend 2/3rds of you life with is just super special, and I wish you many more years with your dog
I'M NOT CRYING YOU'RE CRYING
That's one good ass boy
I love him! Man, he looks GREAT for 14. What a trooper!
I'm in college right now and this makes me miss my dog
there isn’t enough “good boy” in the world that could be said to this lil guy :) 
He has old man eyes 
Beautiful dog! Lost my 14 year old pointer a few months ago. Got her when I was 6. Always appreciate every day you have with him.
Literal tears when reading the title!!! So happy you have each other. 
Noted* when I have a kid get him dog @ age 6
Hi best boi. You're a good doggo. 
Any dog with lab in it automatically ranks as one of the sweetest dogs ever. Never owned one personally but my job involves working in other people's houses. I'm just thankful when they don't try to steal my tools. Lol
Look at those beautiful pearls! His teeth are in great condition for a dog that age! :)
B E S T B O Y E
^^^test
O L D B O Y E
We don’t deserve sweet puppy dogs.  
**O L D  B O Y E** 
He looks like he's in great shape for 14.
What a good boy
..both of you.
He would probably describe you to the same way.
Pass on ear scratchies for me! My aunt and uncle had a golden Labrador Retriever a long time ago and he was the bestest boy.
Not just a good boy, he has become the best boy
Every creature should be so lucky.  Thanks for sharing.
This is the most positive post I've ever seen in terms of comments. This is the world I want to live in.
That's one handsome doggo
A good ole dudley lab, they are good pups. My in laws have one. He is such a good boy, but he is scared of everything. 
I wish i had a pup to grow up with
Looks like a good ol doogan 
I miss so much my lab , same color. Lost her when she was 16! The only difference is that she was maybe 50pounds more =D
The title almost reads as a math problem
What's polygrumps 
Bestest best pal!
Solid addition skills. He looks like the best of boys
Give him an extra hug for me, I am loosing my 19 year old cat in the next day or so, shes been the most loving thing in my life.
Spend as much quality time with your precious canine as you possibly can, now. Take lots of photos and videos of your fun times together. You will cherish them, later. I'll never forget my first dog that I got when I was 10. :)
What a stud. Looks great for his age too!
Kiss OKI for all of us, good dog!!!
Good dog oki. Scratch his belly for me 
His teeth are really clean for 14! Do you care for them regularly, or they just naturally that way?
I bet he's thinking exactly the same thing.
He's wonderful
I hope this isn't an old yeller kinda scene 
They are indeed the best friends. Always happy to be with you, never complain and always loyal to you. Best friend ever.
I'm sure at this point, you're trying to prepare yourself for the inevitable. At 14, you don't have much time left. All I can say after losing 4 dogs over 29 years is that you're never ready. Even when you know it's coming. Just enjoy it while it lasts. Make time for him. If he bugs you while you're playing games or watching TV, let him. Play with him. Pet him. You'll miss him more than anything else in this world once he's gone. And it's going to hurt. 
What a guy! 😀
Adorable 💕💕
I'm not crying... You're crying 
Just like my dog, got him on my 10th birthday and now I’m 21. His back legs are starting to seize and he’s going blind. I didn’t have many friends while growing up but my dog was more than any best friend could mean to me, he is my brother. 
I had a friend like that too :') enjoy it
Ok word I guess I'm crying in the club now
He’s a good boy
And now you will move on with life leaving Oki with your parents, and over time visiting him less and less. He will probably pass away when you are too far away to visit him one last time:(
Nice! Having a dog/dogs is awesome. 
I grew up with Poui, my yellow (mostly white) lab. Moved schools 3 times with him by my side. He was always my best friend, and more times then not my only friend. He died in 2015 in my arms at the local clinic. I can still smell him it seems like during fall, that damp doggy smell. I would give anything to take him on one more quit walk down my street and up into the hills where he could pick out his special stick to take home. Give Oki a really good snuggle for me.
 
Our time with our furry friends is too short. Enjoy every moment and cherish your time together. For when they are gone we shall for ever miss them.
You can't ask for -nor will you ever have- a better, more loyal or more loving companion.
What a beautiful 14 year old. This brings me such joy to see. My doge is 7 and it's such a nice feeling to know that as a healthy mix he has a solid chance to come that far into the future with me. 
So great that you gave him a good life. I feel you brother. Im 20 and my black lab is 12. He's my best friend. Realise good people are still out there 👏
WHITE DOG!!!! I MISS YOU

Edit: Friend's doppleganger dog of similar age and gentledogly appearance.
Hats a math problem right there

Maybe a human friend lol
I too got a dog when I was 6 and grew up with her. She passed away when I was 20 and already moved out of the house. It's sad to know that she won't be there when I go home for holidays, but I'm so thankful she was there through all my laughter and tears of childhood and teenage years. I really relied on her and she lived a happy life full of attention. Cherish Oki and give him hugs for me!
pupperz
Got my puppy when I was 4 she's still going strong now when I'm 19. Old puppers are the best!
My heaaaarrrtttttt
The feels. 🐶💕
Silly question—what makes a dog such a good friend?
I love him 
They're Good Dogs Brent.
Had the same kind of situation age wise with our family yellow lab. We got him when I was four. His time came to an end after my first year of university. The end of the most magical chapter in my life. Give your dog lots of love, you'll never have a closer friend. 
He looks like a buddy and a 1/2.
A baby 
Oki dog crip?
https://youtu.be/ixjx7-ku4wM
I had my best friend at the same age. Sadly he passes away a few months ago, but all i can say about that cat is that he was the love of my life. Friends like that appear one in a lifetime. Tell him he's a good boy!!!

PS:Sorry the bad english, i'm not an expert on the english language.

OP you have an amazing best friend. Give him the best years that he has given you. Beautiful pup he is. 
Lab's are the best :D
Aw😁😀😘
Very good hiking Boi. I wish dogs lived forever it's not fair :(  Can we get a damn scientist on this shit please!
You're very lucky to still have your best friend. 
My old boy, Yogi, has been with me for 12 years, since I was 11. 
Damn I miss this. My dog Maggie was the best. Got her when I was 9 or 10. she died this year, I'm 22 now.  I don't think I'll ever have a dog as good as her. She was a beagle boarder collie mix cutest thing
/r/Pawtucks are so cute!
Man. Dogs are such beautiful animals and they would give their life for you, you won't find that kind of love in other places.
My girl died a couple years ago, best friend I've ever had. 
Best way to grow up
Crying bro.  Love that beautiful Angel like no other. 
I had a dog named Spike that I got when I was 5. Sadly he passed away in a house fire when I was 18
I got a dog around the same age and lost her this past summer. I'm 21 so she was right around the same age as your friend. I don't want to be a downer but I just want to urge you to please cherish every moment with him and don't take any moment for granted. Take lots of pictures and long walks. 
Perfect example why I want to get my son a dog. Truly mans best friend. Rub his tummy for us. 
I had a best friend that I met when I was 7 and he left us when I was 21. 14 of the best years of my life; there's not a day that goes by that I don't think about my Lab. 
Beautiful companion you have there. I know the feeling. We got a dachshound puppy when I was 7 (before my little sister was born) and she lived until my sister was 16 and I was 23. I truly feel that that dog, one of the best friends I've had, kind of... raised me. Not Baloo and Mowgli style, but I think she saw me and my sister as her puppies and she watched us grow up and always stood by our sides. And now I'm tearing up 😭 Goddamnit. 
How are his teeth?  Any tips for us?
The thumbnail looks like a weird sideways head!
Qq
You're making me tear up. He's a good boy.
I got my chihuahua when i was 7 and she just passed away a month ago she was 14 i am 21, I will remember her forever.
He looks exactly like the old girl I had 15 years ago. I've had many since but she will always very favorite.
Thinking of this makes me sad because my dog is the same age and I'm scared that he's gonna die outside and we're not gonna know where he is
stuff like this is why the thought "the world's not such a bad place" goes through my head
Reminds me of my dog who we recently put down. I got him when i was 4 and he wouldve been 17 this October. They really are great friends to have.
Damnnn he's got nice teeth! Well done and what a cute pup!
From experience, that shit is gonna hurt. 

What a champion. 
Aww so awesome that you the two of you grew up together. What great memories I'm sure you will always cherish!! Here's to many more for the two of you. Hugs for the both of you
Bravefriend 
good teeth for a 14 year old beast....
Thanks for sharing
HA!  If we was black I bet that muzzle would be white. You can almost see it in the yellow 
Looks so good for 14!! Ruff ruff
This is awesome 
Weirdly all of those ages also apply to me and my dog!
Jesus, squeeze this pupper so hard and take deep breaths. 
D'aaaw. This cheered me up from a bad day at work
What a good boy! 
Man, this subreddit is something else. I come for the awws and especially doggos but everytime an old dog is posted I leave the comment thread with the feels :(
My boarder collie of 15 years just passed away i got him when i was 8. I'll always miss him and love him he got me through some real tough times growing up. Oki looks great and in good health i wish him many more years.
He is a G OOD B O Y
T.T <3 OMGGgggggg
RIP poochie. 
So cute! What a good doggo 
Handsome man
So he's 98 in dog years?
Curious if that's a Dudley Lab? Beautiful dog, looks like my Rigby, she's a good bit younger though. She's definitely a Dudley, he looks awfully similar. 
You can see the honest-to-goodness soul in those eyes. 
❤️
This whole thread made me cry.
He looks like a good buddy to have around.
My buddy Max passed away at 13 years old this summer. Cherish every second. I miss the Tax man!
Similarly, I am now twenty and got my first dog at 6. However, he passed away in June 2014. 
😍
/R/wedidthemath
what a guy 
Thats a rough road to travel..or that portion of it is.  My teen and young adult dog was rough for me and my wife when we lost her at 13. Best way to deal with the loss of a dog is get another dog.  Dont wait. 
Looks like my dog from when I was little. He was my best friend. When I was 8 we had to move across the country and my parents made us give him to my cousin. I never saw Charlie again. 

Fucking onions in here. Someone open a window.
Within the last two months we have added two 6 month "puppies" (their 35 and 53 lbs) to our family of 6. My kids are 2, 5, 12, and 13 and I just can't wait to watch them all grow. Hope they can live as long and happily as your furry friend!
my dog's dead.
Thanks for telling me his age, I doubt I'd have figured it out otherwise 
I never had a dog, but I've always wanted one
this is a beautiful post. big ups OP
U probably won't see this but its never too late to switch to raw food. Its actually pretty cheap, especially if you find a butcher that will sell you trimmings and old meat at a discount. He seems like such a happy boy. Make his last few (many) years delicious!
I'm 21, lost my best bud of 13 years a couple weeks ago so this post really hit home. Cherish that little guy, you might never have a better friend the rest of your life.

Also, he's freakin adorable.
Math checks out.
He's beautiful. How lucky you've been.
I hope you're prepared to say goodbye, at that age :(

That's about the age my lab left me.

On the bright side, aren't labs the best?
He is so good looking! 
My dog passed away around this time of the year. I was away at uni when it happened. She was really sick and I was there over FaceTime when she got put down. It was the saddest moment of my life up to that point. She was my first dog and I still think about her. Please take care of your old pup. 
Give him some pets and schmackos from me! :-)
Just put my lab down at 14 in April. Really miss him
OP, please upload a video of giving Oki scratches as directed, while letting him know which each user name ordered the scratches.
Makes me miss my dog:( we got him when I was 6 as well and passes away a few years ago when I was 19.. Miss you woofie 
My mother sold my dog. Because we dont enough money for tuition fees. :((
What a good boy
I'm not crying, you're crying 
Had a dog since I was 4-20 that I had to put to sleep....so sad, nicest dog I've ever met
Looks extremely healthy for his age, great owner you are. His eyes, gums , teeth, all look great for a dog at 14. The love you show him reflects in all of this. Beautiful dog. 
I salute you, doggo.
G O O D B O Y E
Heaven sent you an Angel.
MY HEART
Good boi
He looks great for 14
Yellow lab? Mine just passed, 15 year old pup I got when I was 4. Cherish him while you can.
math checks out
I'm tearing up. 
Definitely a good boy
there simply is no better friend than a dog.
Roll him over and scratch his leg right where it meets his belly so he stretches it out and gets all blissful and whatnot. 

I'm damn miserable in my long-distance-relationship with my dog.  

:(
Amazing dental hygiene on a 14 year old dog! Well done.
If he could talk he would be better. 
Brought a smile to my face. The dog I got when I was 6 (I'm in my early 20s now) just passed. This post brought back some good memories.

Cherish your time, your dog seems great!
I hope he lives another 10 years!
I will forever envy those who grew up with their pet. I hope i can give my kids that kind of companion 
Good ol'boy.
Make the most of your time with him and dont take him granted. My dog was perfectly fine and the next day he couldn't walk because the entire back half of his insides was a tum our. He was 14. Don't waste anytime!!
Dogs are perfect
He's 14? No way he look like such a young doggo to me 😭
I got my dog when I was 5-6. I think it's the best age to grow up with a pet. She died when she was 12 from old age. She used to sleep with one of us in the bed but her last 2 years she prefered to sleep alone. Her last day, she scratched my door asking to come in, she slept with me few hours and went out. She then slept with my mom few hours then went back to her own bed in the living room and left us peacefully. It was her way of saying good bye. I felt a huge emptyness after her departure. It felt like she was always there in my life. I regret I didn't cuddle much more with her during her life. I'm so grateful she was my family. She wasn't a simple dog to me but much more.
My Queen's Lab (Kudos) we got when I was 4, he died when I was 18.

Oki's fur is the same color as Kudos' was. I miss him so much, thanks for sharing your Oki
That dog is very special.  My 18 yo son just lost his dog of 13 years. Give yours a hug from us!
... Makes me miss my Chocolate lab/Golden Retriever... he was a good doggo. Make sure you give that good pal a hug for me, he looks like he enjoys hugs just as much as pats and scratches ☺
don't think i've ever heard a truer statement
Dogs are the fucking best
Mans best friend
Keep that sentimental shit to yourself.  **sniff**
Dogs are awesome X)
❤️❤️❤️ on my old doggies last days. We got her when I was 6 (she was 1) and I'm 21. Give your pup all the hugs for me ❤️❤️❤️
I wish my best friend was with me that long. I love you and I miss you Skipper.
The impending doom of losing a lifelong pet really sucks!  
I got a dog when I was 5. He died when I was 26...do the math. He was an old ass dog, did great until the last year or two. Best friend I could have ever imagined, it was like losing a brother when he died - but it was his time.

A kid growing up with a dog is the best medicine ever. Oki looks healthy and happy - I'm sure he has a few good years left in him.
He looks like my baby girl I'd gotten when I was ~6 she passed when I was 21 and I miss her greatly. Thanks for sharing
Awww! 
10/10
Do you remember the day you got him?
I miss Snuggles :(
I love that you know how lucky you are!!
I know the feeling.  I'm 51 and go MY first dog 10 years ago.  He's been a constant companion to the whole family, but especially to me. Sadly, he's aging fast from a shoulder injury and degenerative joint disease (Golden Retriever) and doesn't have many good years ahead. He always greets everyone in sight and is always happy to be with me.  His spirit will be missed when it's his time.
Aw a Dudley! He is sooooo cute!
Big buddy :)
Give him some extra snuggles for me! My boy was a yellow lab with a pink nose just like him and I still miss him at 3 years after he passed.
What a wonderful tribute you just made. He feels the same for you.
Agreed! Ive always said, dogs are the best type of people.
Some of the comments in this thread are pathetic 
My German Shepard Husky mix was 13 when he was put down last night. Give Oki special patties from me please. 
So cute!
Such a handsome boy! 
He looks really healthy for a 14 year old dog.
Congratulations on his longevity so far and more to follow! I feel same about my 14yr old cat- best investment of my life and our animals truly reflect our moods and feelings I can’t imagine the days without them.  Bless you guys!
Oh my god I've never met Oki but I LOVE HIM
Reminds me of my stray cat turned adopted cat. She found us as a kitten not long before I was born, and she grew up with me. She was around 21 years old when she died a week ago.
Up vote for a good boy 👍
Nice pooch.
What would be life without doggos
For a dog his age he has fantastic tarter free teeth! 
What a good boy

I could imagine a better friend. Imagine if your dog could grant you wishes. Boom, done, better. Guess im more creative than you lot heh
His teeth, fur, eyes are telling me that his younger then 14...
I had a black lab growing up with me, puppy and little kid alike. She passed away some three years ago or so (she had bone cancer and we wanted to ease her pain).

She was always very attached to my mom, but in her final weeks, heavily medicated, she would voluntarily come up to my room and sleep there during the day and night. I'd spend a while just laying with her sometimes, but a lot of the time I was just playing video games on my computer while she chilled a few feet from me. Those days were honestly some of my most cherished with that dog...


Pretty good lookin teeth for an old man!  Good boy!
Awesome. Truly is a best friend. I had the same situation, almost exactly, but with a toy poodle. I was about 6-7 and little Ginger passed away when she was 14. 
As a someone who just lost their dog after thirteen years. It warms my heart to see such a friendship. There are few things that can compare in my opinion. Give him a good belly rub for me.

Good looking teeth for 14!
Love it man. Got my golden retriever when i was 9 he was a puppy and now he's 13. His legs hurt from arthritis but as soon as i touch a bag of chips he books it as fast as he can hoping for a chip lol. 
This made me tear up. I've lost so many babies over the years. I lost my pug's brother a few years ago to parvo. Too young for his full set of shots. I rescued them, Poe and Spoink, from my shitty aunt that just bred her pugs for profit. Babies were covered in fleas and skinny.

They were inseparable. The vet called to tell me Spoink wouldn't make it after two weeks of fighting. He was so.. skinny but still managed to wag at me. I held him while he passed, then carried him to the car, bawling. Poe grieved for months. I can't even describe the feeling. Then having to pay a $1500 vet bill for a dog you knew was never coming back.. a constant, soul crushing reminder. 

Give him lots of head scratches for me. We truly don't deserve dogs.
Math checks out 
Admire you. Never got a dog
The light in his eyes will shine forever in your memory.
O L D B O Y E
Cherish every moment with him! I lost my pupper of 14 years not too long ago. They are wonderful companions.
Its a lucky man who earns the love of a dog. There is nothing in the world, including other people, that will love you like a dog.
He looks good for being 14
呃呃呃呃
I love a lot of people, but there's a place in my heart where only dogs can live. 
Elk
I just got my 9 year olds a puppy with the hopes they'll have this experience. 
This made me cry, oh god I'm soft
Looks like he's incredibly healthy too. 
make me think of my old dog..
Similarly, we've had one of our dogs in our life since I was 8 and am now 21. She's a great girl and it was awesome growing up with her.
Every child should have a dog; every dog should have a child!
getting my first dog missy is my oldest memory I was almost 3 I had her until I was 17. couldn't have asked for a better dog.
Olde Boye
old dogs: https://i.imgur.com/dSqDoR9.jpg
Is it just me or does it smell like updawg in here?
Give him a serving of veggies with his dog food if you want him around for longer :)
Your post reminded me of my friends growing up. Miss him so much.
Well then, who's a good boy?
My childhood dog was named Okie! Short for a local area, but this made me so happy to see another perfect Oki in the world. 
He doesn't look a day over 5. You're one lucky man to keep the most loving and loyal friend you'll ever have for so long. 
You are so lucky the two of you are still sharing the same story. An old dog is a blessing and a part of our history. He looks great!
😭i miss my childhood dog
Got my only cat when I was 7, and now I'm 20 (21 in 3 days). So I imagine I know how you feel. I'm really cherishing his late years. 
http://www.audible.com/mt/audible20?_wyng_media_es_59b57dd6d1b5310a49a253e6=Twitter+share&component=gallery_1767386824348&content=118817027#/
Dogs are humans best friend.
Got my dog at the same age. I'm also 20 now, but he passed a few months ago. 
Awh he is adorable! I have had my best friend since I was 5 or 6, and I am 21 now, so he is an old boy too. Growing up with him was definitely the best thing about my childhood, and I'm glad Oki got to grow with you!
They're good dogs Bront.
Good boye!
Oki has great teeth! He's a lucky pup.
My parents bought be a dog for Christmas in 5th grade and she was my best friend for eleven years. Not a day goes by that I don't think of that sweetheart. 
I hope he lives long 
the dog r very tired 
I had my girl for 10+ years before she was killed by a neighbor.  I've lived a long time and this was my worst pain, biggest lost.  If I could be with her now, i'd be gone in a snap.  That's how much she meant to me.
He looks like a good boy
/r/hedidthemath
He looks very content, happy and healthy. I'm sure he's been a lucky boy. Make sure you make the most of what time you have left, hopefully a long time; but nonetheless make the most of it. 
Awh, we got our dog when I was 4, she passed away a few months ago when she was about to turn 15. She was an awesome dog to grow up with!
First got him when he was six 
didn't know any tricks. 
Matter fact first time he tried walkin he tripped. Landed on his hip then licked his lips. 
For a week he had to bark like a pup like "bork!"
Those are some clean teeth for such an old dog
When I left the Military I was living alone for a long while. It felt really weird to me to not have any sort of companionship.

Getting my dog at that time kept me sane. No greater friend in the world.
He's so handsome and happy. OP you are so lucky to have had 14 years and counting with him!
Those are the teeth of a 14-year old dog?
And directly below your post is a sponsored ad for Letgo
ohhh is so cute!
I had the same age when I had my labrador and he left when I was 19, and as you said, I couldn't have asked for a better friend too :)


*Who's cuttin onion here?*
I had a lab and a patterdale/ jack Russel cross who grew up with me when I was a kid until I was 19/20. They were the most special dogs. Being 6/7 when I first got them, I have so many early memories with Fluke and Baily. My most earliest memories are of those two pups!
Best mate ever
Got my Lab when i was 11 he has been the best friend i ever could have 

May him live forever
He's so perfect 😣
[removed]
You're a lucky guy.
How long have you had him? 
Yes the dog's best friend

Hes beautiful! Hope you have lots more time together!
He looks just like my old lab, Skippy! 
Definitely one of the closest and most reliable friends you could have...and without a doubt the best listener. Hope he is with you for many more years.
He's a good boy.
Got my black lab when I was 7. He's 11 now. And my best friend. 
Awwww
Congratulations on 8 years together!  What a handsome, wise, looking guy.  Nothing better in this world than a good dog.  
you can say any foolish thing to a dog, and the dog will give you a look that says, ‘Wow, you’re right! I never would’ve thought of that. You get your best friend body enjoy
 
I had to put down my doggo when I was a teenager. Jealous of the extra years you've gotten out of your doggo.
My dog is 14 as well :’)

We got him when he was about 6 months. 
We should research ways to increase the lifespan of dogs
❤️
Got a pup back home she is 13 now and can't get around that well anymore and she can't see all that well anymore but I got her when I was in the 4th grade, the next time I return home might be the last time I see her. Every time I come home though she always acts the same and starts that doggy dance when I pull up.
Give him all the moments I was 5.
Such a graceful eye
I'm in College and I miss my dog every day (she's ok, she's just back home), give yours lots of love and belly rubs from me please
Im not crying, you’re crying
LOTS OF LOVE AND CUDDLE PUDDLES TO YOU AND YOUR AMAZING BEST FRIENDDDDDDDDD
My cat was 6 years older than me, and was 23 when he passed away.
Helped me through the most shitty time in my life, with so much emotional support I have to believe he was a therapy animal at some point in his life before we met him. When I was sad, he'd follow me around and meow until I picked him up, and he'd wrap his paws around my shoulder. I'll never be ready to let go of him.

Your dog looks very happy and healthy, I'm sure she still has a good few years left.
My dog also tucks in her paw when she lies down. I think it's so funny
I'm not crying, you're crying
I hope you enjoy every second with him man, I just lost my dog about an hour ago due to being hit by a car...I'll always love you buddy. 
The impending doom of losing a lifelong pet really sucks!  
The impending doom of losing a lifelong pet really sucks!  
*with whom to grow up.
Don't end sentences with prepositions.
That's exactly how it is for my chocolate lab 😭 I love him so much. 
A shame that I didn't had a similar experience growing up. But when I start a family, I will make sure that my future son will grown with a beautiful samoyed company =) 
/r/theydidthemath.
. . . "with whom to grow up."
[removed]
[removed]
Way to be gay for points. That's the Reddit way. The Reddit gay way. 
Ｔｉｔｌｅｇｏｒｅｂｏｙ
He will soon perish
[removed]
[removed]
Are you sad he's gonna die soon?
So *unspectacular photo of dog* + a story that happens to literally millions of people (getting a dog when a child is young and the dog grows up with the child). On the top of the front page? Oh Reddit, you poor, simple little thing.
I hope he fucking dies 
I hope ur dog dies soon
