 I bet that tail is trying to wag so hard 
[removed]
I HAVE SO HERDED THE EVER LIVING SHIT OUT OF THESE SHEEP
Did the dog survive? 
[deleted]
Lol, this is why you don't get a lab for sheep herding :)
Is this Jon Snow? 
Hey, wait a minute; I just remembered I'm allergic to wool!
Here I am, stuck in the middle with ewe...
I like your username
My name is doge

And these mah frends

We like to play

Til the day ends

But when it's nite

And time to sleep

I wont go in

I hide in sheeps!
This is the way I want to go. But with boobs instead. 
Don't. You. Dare. Make. Them. Move.

This is glorious.

I feel something licking me. 
He's in deep sheep.
This is my most happiest moment.
That's dog snow in the battle of the bastards. Great episode. Game of Bones. 
How did your first day working as a sheepdog go?
This is how it felt being the only black guy in a private school.
Why is he called a "doggo"?

The real black sheep
"They'll never find me in here!"
aw yiss

mother

fucking

sheep butts
Can someone explain, "doggo" and why it's a thing? Asking for a friend.
He has a face of joy!
I'll admit I clicked cuz I wanted to know what "sheps" were.
"BEST DAY EVER!"
Could be worse.  Could be trapped in some Moes and Larrys...
Dog is fine
IT'S SO FLUFFY!
I am not shore wether I like sheep puns or not. I hate when people ram puns down your throat.  I am shore ewe agree. 
"Doggo"
oh god he's literally drowning in cuteness. 
That's funny, looks like they herded the dog. 
Exactly how I feel at Festival concerts.
Man those new Serta mattresses sure look comfy
What a terrible sheep dog.
You just know that he's trying to talk to us about our Lord and savior...
Wolf in sheep's ~~clothing~~ booties.
There's a metaphor to be drawn from the dog among the sheep....
Having flashbacks to the Battle of the Bastards... 
I just pictured Jon Snow gasping for air during the Battle of the Bastards.
Animal version of Jon snow in the battle of the bastards.
So who is gonna make this Jon Snow in Battle of the Bastards
"Oh, hi!  I made some friends can they stay for dinner"
Where da White woman at ?
Hello, yes this is dog.

Send more sheeps.
PLS HALP AM TRAP IN FLOOF
[I'm sorry](https://imgur.com/a/QQrWb)
He looks like he's having a fun time at this concert 
Rolling in the sheep.
It's so fluffy I'm gonna DIE!!!
Well, he looks happy!
He's not trapped, he's right where he wants to be
Is his face pure  of happiness or terror? HaHAaa
Is that happiness or panic?  
I need to know, how fluffy are sheep? 
This dog is having so much fun! :D
AHHH THIS IS SO ADORABLE
"Doggo trapped in some sheps"

I will come back when English is spoken.
hey there, sheps, it's me, ya boy
The proper name "Dog" is two less letters to type. Plus sounds like a grown up said it. 
/r/titlegore
Cut it out with the doggo already people
Don't say "doggo."
Yet somehow he looks happy! God I love dogs. I wish I had their outlook on life. 
sheep mosh pit!
Sup?
Help. No don't help. Help. 
He looks happy
May we all experience this bliss!!
"Trapped"
Silence of the lambs
The black sheep of the family. 
This looks like one of those posters they have in school to motivate you.

Im not spam reddit 
Warmest blanket ever... 
Now that's a sheep dog
All that sheep must mean it’s so loud that if you called the dog, he would not have herd you.
http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/sites/default/files/custom/Wigler/20160602_ep609_Publicity_still_051.00154006%5B1%5D-EMBED.jpg
Has he any wool?
Best. Day. Evar!.
IT on lunch and their end users
Two sheeps at the same time 
Not sure if happy or death face
As someone with severe Cleithrophobia, this is terrifying.
it's so fluffy, im gonna die!
"Day twenty-*hrmph*. They still do not suspect I'm a *mmrph*
Being cramped up this tight with other humans would be a nightmare, but as a sheep it seems that it wouldn't be half bad.
The work/life balance looks a bit off here.
This dog needs a kinder boss.
"Day Four: I remain among the sheep, but am still a good boy." 
Pack of carnivorous sheep devour a poor little doggo while he struggles for his life
Thats not Jon Snow, thats The Hound
"It's alright, I'm totally okay with this!"
* dog

* Sheep
Jon Snow in Battle of the Bastards
Game of Thrones, Battle of the Bastards (copyright HBO)
That´s a WOLF IN SHEEP´S CLOTHING
sheps?

sheep* 
*dog *sheep you dumb cutesy twerp
X
GODS I WAS A WOLF IN SHEEPS CLOTHING THEN
JON SNOW, NOOOOOO!
Actually a photo of Apple retailer the day the iPhone is released
That ain't some sheep, that all the sheep.
Look at the joy/elation on his/her face, so precious & pure :D
Sheepdog is not sheepdogging right!
Day 3: Noone has noticed
this is the cutest jon snow representation i've ever seen.
This would have been a much less terrifying version of G'mork in *The Never Ending Story*. 
plural of shep is shep, frendo
HENLO FLUFFS.
S H E E P B O Y E
The doggo must be a good sheepdog since they flock to him.
"This is fine"  -The Dog.
Gives a whole new meaning to a wolf in sheep's clothing.
> sheps

And "sheps" is what exactly?
That dog is drowning
I'm still not completely sure why people insist on giving animals "baby talk" names, it makes you come across as a desperate, unmarried crazy cat lady. 
Stop saying doggo it's so cringy
A woof in sheeps clothing
He's gonna doze off. 

A dog in sheep's clothing.
r/Psbattle

all the fragrance. none of the dirt.

other dogs gonna be jealous. 

(no bath, k?)



Yipes !!!!!!!
lol it must be so soft
Drowning!!!! goodbye cruel world!!!
He's not trapped he's hiding...
He really loves sheep butt..
Lol he's pretty happy!
Sheep dog in over his head?
u/ISwearIamNotWeird this is my dog
He is one happy soul:)
He looks crazed lol
Hopelessly passing in your time in the grassland away...
His true intention
https://i.imgur.com/ziObsgS.jpg
Mysha
Sending help
Bah Ram You!  *RIP MAAAAAA*
I approve. 
He looks like he's crying for help... but also kinda enjoying it.
r/photoshopbattles
Should repost this on shittyreaction titled MRW I'm Jon Snow and I take that first gasp of air after swimming through corpses at Battle of Bastards.
Australian kelpie? I had one. Her name was Lola. We found her on the side of the road. Best dog Ever. They are trained to run on the top of the herd back to back. Usually used in New Zealand? 
Looks just like my Australian Cattle Dog/Black Lab mix!  She wishes she could herd, total ankle-biter but wonderful dog.

https://imgur.com/a/8EjWD
r/NewZealand
Can’t tell if he’s having a blast or if he’s terrified. Maybe both. 
You dog has Anthrax.
Now the black sheep of the family doesn't feel as much the odd family member :)
hah cute hope he is ok though
In Soviet Russia, sheep herd YOU!
Too hot
BAA RAM EWE
Dogs are ways goofballs lol 
Wait. Isn't it summer? IT'S TOO HOT! 
Wait. Isn't it summer? IT'S TOO HOT! 
More comfy than a woolen blanket.
This is what I looked like while waiting in line at a Ted Nugent concert back in 1979.
he's gonna need a bath
a true sheep dog herds though magnetism.
A woof among sheep 
That dog is like "OH MY GOD. OH MY GOD, GUYS, SHEEP. YUHS"
Bet you can't count them all before falling asleep
How cute!! 
that's the face of total job satisfaction! That dog hasn't "worked" a day in his life.
Seems like a happy doggy!
:D!
Why aren't they doing wat I say??!
Having the time of his fucking life 
That there's a "black sheep."
ONE OF THESE
 SHEEPS IS NOT
 LIKE THE OTHERS~ 🎵
"I'M SURROUNDED BY FRIENDS YAY THIS MAKES ME SO HAPPY!!!!!!!!!!!!!" 
Is this your phone's background?
cute
Sheepception
Several people said he looks happy, and I get the sentiment.  Truth be told though, I'm a little worried about him.  I see fear and concern about oxygen loss
wth ??? I do not believe 
wow
Reminds me of the Booty-sweat video from Tropic Thunder XD
"I am the wolf among the sheep,
Gnawing at the wool over my eyes"
Obviously the black sheep of the family!
I feel so close to you right now....
He looks like he's having way too much fun in there.
He must be the black sheep of the family
oh, you thought youtube on your phone on the toilet came for free huh?

Porn, free, unlimited porn was free?

Fuck no, it costs us our very lives.  Linear time is a bitch.
The rebellion begins...
Like a turd in a bowl of milk.
He's having the time of his life! 
Holy sheep, get me outta here!
Can't tell if he's happy or terrified. 
This would make a great r/photoshopbattles
*record scratch
the 5th dimensional unity is coming together as planned.
For a second I thought they were rocks and the dog was smiling for being trap
Look at me im mr black sheep
Day 47. Nobody has noticed me yet.
I don't think the dog gets the idea of "trapped".
I wanna jump in that heap of sheep
Best orgy ever.
The struggles of a black man in a white society
This reminds me of Jon Snow and the Battle of the Bastards
I thought that was a dog that got crushed by rocks tbh
Wolf in Sheep's Clothing?
One of these things is not like the others...
What we don't know is that the sheep are preparing the dog to be a sacrifice to Baphomet so they can ask for damnation to rain upon the humans that have sheared them over the centuries.
ethical sheepskin jacket...
looks more like some sheeps stuck in dawg
When your black AND the only dude in the club


(He is drowning in wool ;} )
Did he count his way here?
Become a Sheppard they said, it will be easy they said 
Looking at the post at first it seems the dog has the what have I done eyes, but then you open it and it's the I know exactly what I'm doing. Satisfying
"Acres and acres of meat!"

He's just waiting for a cat and a mouse to bring him a barrel of gravy.
DAKINGINDANORF!!!
day 1062: they still haven't discovered I am not one of them. It is now becoming clear that I will never see my family again. 
You see. There's your problem! There's a woof in your floof
r/photoshopbattles
He looks like he's right where he intends to be.
Wolf! Wolf!
May just be the best part of my day 
I'm torn whether it's "I'm so happy" or "can't breath" 😋
This is what I think most guy look like stuck in a room filled with women
“Sheep happens”
Too much soft!
[Reminds me too much of this scene from GoT season 6 (Possible spoilers)](http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/sites/default/files/custom/Wigler/20160602_ep609_Publicity_still_051.00154006[1]-EMBED.jpg)
/r/photoshopbattles
I strive to be this happy about anything
We should all look like this dog, this manically happy 
I think it was his intention to get squished between fluffy sheep.
4cute5me
Quite literally a wolf in sheeps clothing
Talk about the black sheep in the crowd
Source?
This makes me so happy. 
I'm late to this party, but this gave me the smile I needed today. Thank you.
Looks like a very tightly knit group of animals. 
It was besieged terribly
Reminds me of being in the audience of a few concerts I've been to.

And..  What a great dog :)
Dog's heaven on earth.
R/Photoshopbattles

HELLO PARDEN ME I AM DOG 
Oh the black sheep
I luv this!  
  
- Dog

Plot twist: The sheep decapitated the dog and are passing his head around as a trophy
Holy SHEEPSUS
Guys, I know I said "group hug" but this is ridiculous!!
There also looks to be some sheep trapped in with those sheep
When ewe’re so far up to your neck in work you no longer give a sheep. These guys are just never going to stop trying to pull the wool over your eyes so really, I mean why baa-baa-ther. 
He doesn't seem to mind!
nice
I wouldn't say trapped, he seems to be having a swell time.
Mornin' Ralph.
But he went on to recover and beat Dogsy Bolton.
Sheep number mattress?

What he/she's thinking
https://m.imgur.com/gallery/c732z
Too stuck, can't herd, don't care omg this is soo flufffyy!
r/thisismylifenow
SAVE ME MASTER!
[killing me softly](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8tbP3f3i03E)
Help him 

Thx
My dog would eat those sheep
Gold
I would love to have this picture in high resolution so I can print it and put it on my wall, it would make me happy everytime I see it
Day 5: They still suspect nothing.
If only people could see past the cuteness.

In reality, this image is quite sad, knowing the fate of these innocent sheep - they will be slaughtered because people want to eat them, while the dog lives because they are seen as "pets".


Yer fired!
I feel like this should be a PS Battle as well
Where is the dog?
You had one job!! (sheep herding)
It's like those bees that lure predatory hornets deep into their nest, only to pounce on the intruder and vibrate which cooks them alive. That poor dog is a goner.
Is this is higher resolution somewhere? I'd love to have it as a wallpaper on my phone
Day 3: I have infiltrated their ranks. They still think I'm one of them... 
Is his name Curly, Moe, or Larry?
Love this picture.
How would you like to be awarded?
Actual LOL at this picture
I really wish 'doggo' would go.
https://www.reddit.com/r/natureismetal/comments/728n1m/cat_vs_mouse/?st=J806TORE&sh=0af452ca
*Dog

**Sheep.
😂😂
Lol he looks like he's screaming for help. 
Thankfully they aren't shemps.
Some days you herd the sheep. Some days, the sheep herd you.
"This is the best day of my life"
"HELLO"
Sheep is hell of a drug.
doesn't get much better than this
I sortof want to see this dog shopped in the middle of other squishy overcrowded scenarios where everyone else is obviously miserable - because he is THAT GUY.
He's the odd one out _buh dum tiss_
When you lie on your resume.
I think that Doggo is about to go American Psycho on those sheep.
[Happiness](https://filmforum.org/do-not-enter-or-modify-or-erase/client-uploads/genre/AMERICAN-PSYCHO1520.jpg) 
TOO. MUCH. FLOOOOF.
CrAZed SheEpS CrUSh DoGgo To dEatH!
No offense To anyone else, but the person who wrote the caption sounds like à moron.
College freshman at his first sorority party 
They seem crowded and I feel sad 
When an enemy introduces itself in the flock, sheep mass around it and begin vibrating, raising the surrounding temperature to 47°C, which they can tolerate, but the intruder cannot. The enemy organism is thus literally cooked alive.
The smell. . . all these motherfuckers stink. 
Dog is trapped among some sheep!*
Battle of the Bastards, 2017
You mean a dog??
[deleted]
It's frank Reynolds in the 70s.
He loves it
Who is that black sheep?
He tried...
I can tell you from personal experience it smells terrible down there.
much happiness, soon burst
Hey I remember this scene from Footrot Flats.
I don't think he's trapped
I think he might have overdone it a bit with the whole "counting sheep" thing.
A wolf among the sheep…kinda.
The air he's breathing is prob around 70% eu de sheep
"I know I signed up to be a sheep dog, but this is ridiculous!" 
Dog in sheep clothing.
The sheep looked like rocks at first
I wonder if he's the black sheep of the family
"Trapped."
where is the dog?
Looks like fun
That face says he found heaven to roll around in. 
Ok. Who farted? 
"I'm doing the time of my life, Michael!"
lol why do they always look so happy?? Labs are so fun
They're SO FLUFFY!!
And he looks so happy about it! :')
LOOK AT ME, I'M SURROUNDED BY BUTTS!
He looks so happy! 
Fluffy heaven :D 
“I have failed miserably lol”
"Which one of these things does not belong?"
He's in deep sheep.
Day 3: they have accepted me. I am now one of them .

Edited, fixed wrong word 
Trapped like a fox!
Thanks I needed this. You don't want to know which subreddit I just came from.
IT'S SO FLUFFY I'M GONNA DIE!
Great pic!  Do you have a larger version?
These are my sheeple!
Lol
He's so happy !!
r/actlikeyoubelong
I was feeling really shitty. This made me feel better. Thank you
good doggy
Just like Jon Snow.
This is how I feel being woke *tips fedora*
Is he OK? He looks like he is choking.
This looks like condoleeza rice at a republican convention. Cute tho :)
Dog Snow at the Battle of the Bastards?
John snow in battle of the bastards ? 
Sheps? Sheep maybe!
"Battle of the bastards" comes to mind
HURR HURR ITZ LYK GAYM OV THROWNS 🤣🤣😂😂🤣
You people need to stop up voting this crap if someone has a spelling error in the title like this.
You misspelled 'sheep' there OP.
Why can't the internet call it a DOG?
By the look on doggo's face, I'd say he's gettin' some down under. 
This is animal cruelty.  Forcing a dog into a stampede of sheep and watching it suffocate for your own pleasure?  It's disgraceful. 
whats a doggo? what breed is it?
Doggo Woke Af
R O C K B O Y E
Hot too hot, must pant. Need winter 
I can't breathe!
Is this an animal portrayal of the Battle of The Bastards from Game of Thrones? 
Jon Snow in the Battle of the Bastards. 
Baa. I'm on the front page of Reddit. 
"Halp me! You were right human,  I'm not ready!"
S'cute
Dog Snow
R/PuppySmiles
Ewe know nothing Jon Snow. 
"Doggo". Now I'm in the club. 
such a happy doggo aww!
One happy doggo 
"IZ SO SOFT"
Hooman HALP
Doggo among the sheeps.
doggo loves sheep but that's a little much. 
HAPPYBOYE
Probably over heated considering he is packed in a ton of WOOL
When u in da club and its all whites girls
bork bork black sheep, have you any woof
[removed]
This is my favorite post ever 
Jon Snooow ... 
Just a fan's reenactment of the Battle of the Bastards.
r/peoplefuckingdying
Jon Snow at the Battle of the Bastards. 
This would make a great horror movie poster
Just realised you could almost mistake the shep for durian.
I don’t think doggo is trapped. Doggo wants to be smothered in many sheepo. 
/r/misleadingthumbnails

Looks like a poor doggo crushed in rubble!  Glad puppets is safe!
Great
A 14 year old could make this an edgy meme
Immediately thought of Jon Snow. 
Best pic ever!!!
Such metaphor
I like sheep butts and I can not lie


You other brothers can't deny


That when a sheep walks in with an itty bitty waist


And a round thing in your face


You get sprung
Jon Snow trapped in the battle of the baaaaaaaastards
can not stop laughing. oww i think i pulled something important.
Crivens!! Look at all those ships
Talk about a wolf in sheeps clothing
He's Mutton Buttin'
Poor Dog stuck between sheeps
He may be black, but I don’t think he’s a sheep.
Reminds me of “Battle of Bastards”
Am I the only one here who saw this and immediately thought "Come here boy! Come on!"
Thumbnail had me worry because I thought doggo got trapped in some rocks.
Reminds me of Jon Snow during the battle of the bastards!
Is this from GOT?
r/peoplefuckingdying
How the hell? 😂😂
battle of the bastards.
This really needs to be made into a motivational poster. 
Doggo: "THIS IS AWESOME!"
#DoggoLife
Jon Snow in Battle of the Bastards
This doggo is like the person who applied for a job they aren't qualified for.

"You need me to here the sheep? No problem! I'm totally not in over my head!"
This doggo is lost at sheep. PLZ SND HALP !
Some doggo recreation of Jon Snow's Battle of the Bastards I see
Black3d
He looks like John Snow, is he going to escape and fight Ramsey. 
That is the goodest good boy ive ever seen
Hope he's not a muslim dog. *flies away. 
Battle of the Bastards colorized.
That's fricking cute. 
And so, the animal Game of Thrones recreations continue. Here we see Jon Snow at the Battle of the Bastards 
Jon snow in battle of the bastards, what a beautiful masterpiece
Oh my goodness!! The doggo is seriously trapped..
looks like this doggo is suffocating
JON SNOW
This is doggo equivalent of [death by snu snu](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eCdrUW--Jic)
Battle of the Pawstards 
Doggo Looks like jon snow im the battle of bastards after he almost got killed in the crowd 
Is that Jon snow?
That doggo is in deep sheep.
Battle of the baaastards
"You thought i was sheep but i am pupper"
Doggo, "These are my sheeple".
pure doggy
Some question are best left unanswered, is doggo scared or happy? We will never know. 
looks like Jon snow in the battle off the bastards
Battle of the Baaaa-stards?
Thought these were rocks. I cried. 
Battle of the Blacklabs
I THOUGHT THE DOG GOT CRUSHED BY ROCKS!!!
Battle of the baaaaaaaastards!
Battle of the baa-stards.
HALP. 
Herd us, will ya? We'll show you.
"I have no regrets"
-Doggo probably
As a Virgo, it bothers me that this made it to the top with the typo. Someone please edit. Thanks. 
good doggo
Doggo's face says "Ewe've got to be kidding me!"
[all I could think of](http://s.newsweek.com/sites/www.newsweek.com/files/styles/lg/public/2016/06/22/game-thrones-battle-bastards-mashups.jpg)
That'll do, dog. That'll do.
When doggo finally understands why their humans complain about being surrounded by idiots. 
Doggo trying to be drogon 
Ahahaha! Cute Doggo!
Doggo looks really happy about that
stuck happy pupper
That is one happy doggo!
Shep was a dog.
Looks like a Happy Jhon Snow from Battle of the Bastards... 😂😂
"Sheep", not "sheps".
U thought was sheepo, but is doggo.  Bamboozled again.
I lost it at "Sheps"!
Sheps frens
This is how bees kill hornets.

Beeps killing a houndet.
Not a sheep dog
"I'm not trapped in here wit these Shepps, these shepps are trapped in here wit me"
