The cat's powered exoskeleton is remarkably close to resembling a human.
Yeah, if someone had told me owning a cat meant no long-term annoying houseflies, I would have adopted a long time ago.
It's like watching a Jedi training session.
Here is the concluding act of this saga:

https://gfycat.com/CreativeYoungEastrussiancoursinghounds
every cat owner has done this at one point in time 
It's all fun and games until the moth lands on your face. 
I’ve done this many times with our cats. Another popular option is placing said cats in the room that contains the undesirable pest, closing the door, and coming back fifteen minutes later... 
the URL of this checks out

for the lazy: https://gfycat.com/AgitatedPleasedKitten
Can I hire him?  Got a small issue my self, and my bug Hunter is lazy.
I had to spend a month or so at a friend's once, and it was a trailer out in the woods, with shit windows/screens...but no AC or anything so the best solution to any heat was open windows (and hope screens stopped stuff). 

Well fuck that, bugs came in like mad for the lights.

Thankfully, a stray kitten we got and raised had a total determination for bug slaying, and would prowl the bedrooms literally in rotation, taking out bugs mid air all day and night for fun.
I can practically hear the cat making that clicky hunting noise.  
eh' eh' reh' eh'?  
reh' eh' eh'?
for some reason i really really love that cats will do shit like bat at flies and moths while humans hold them in position and move them around. like they are completely unphased by the human support, 100% attention on kill bug
My cats HATE being picked up.

But if you're picking them up to chase an insect they're like, "Beam me up, Scotty."
Imagine an alternate universe scenario where this symbiotic relationship results in a race of moth-eating cats and their human servants (So nothing different really).
Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee
i wonder if the cats were chittering at the moth.  i love it when they do that
My ex-roommate's siamese demanded this *once*, then realized that she was afraid of heights. Subsequent moths had to be shooed down to her level instead.
Please do not blind your kitteh.
If this fails try the [Monster Known As Vacuum](https://youtu.be/G4Sn91t1V4g?t=1m54s).
𝑬𝒙𝒕𝒆𝒓𝒎𝒊𝒏𝒂𝒕𝒐𝒓 𝑴𝒆𝒐𝒘 𝑹𝒆𝒑𝒐𝒓𝒕𝒊𝒏𝒈 𝒇𝒐𝒓 𝒅𝒖𝒕𝒚,
"What's this, a letter?"
-----------------------------------------------------
𝕳𝖊𝖑𝖕 𝕰𝖝𝖙𝖊𝖗𝖒𝖎𝖓𝖆𝖙𝖔𝖗 𝕸𝖊𝖔𝖜 𝖞𝖔𝖚𝖗 𝕸𝖞 𝖔𝖓𝖑𝖞 𝖍𝖔𝖕𝖊!

                                          -𝕮𝖍𝖚𝖈𝖐𝖑𝖊𝖘_𝕶𝖎𝖓𝖇𝖔𝖙𝖊
---------------------------------------------------------------------
"𝒀𝒐𝒖 𝒉𝒆𝒂𝒓𝒅 𝒎𝒆 𝒃𝒐𝒚𝒔, 𝒘𝒆 𝒉𝒂𝒗𝒆 𝒕𝒐 𝒈𝒐.
𝑺𝑶𝑴𝑬𝑩𝑶𝑫𝒀 𝑵𝑬𝑬𝑫𝑺 𝑼𝑺!"

1 week Later:
𝘗𝘢𝘺𝘤𝘩𝘦𝘤𝘬- 7 𝘵𝘳𝘦𝘢𝘵𝘴 𝘢𝘯𝘥 𝘢 𝘳𝘶𝘣

"𝑾𝒆 𝒅𝒊𝒅 𝒘𝒆𝒍𝒍 𝒃𝒐𝒚𝒔."

Hahahaha! That's EXACTLY how we deal with moth situations in our home! those experts do a great job!
Hooman, stop moving me.  I got this! 
"A little more to the left. No, MY left! Up. I said up, not sideways! Down a lit- Fuck, he's a crafty little shit. Right, right.... GOT IT!"
Well at least it didn't end in catastrophic failure...

I'll show myself out.
*[That's fucking teamwork](https://youtu.be/rvdYly4A5W0?t=1m8s)*
This reminds me of when I lived at my old apartment back in Texas. The complex had a wood roach problem (for those who don’t know, wood roaches are fucking massive and, while they don’t tend to infest in droves, they’re still unpleasant to be around), and my cat took it upon herself to catch, torture, and kill every damn wood roach who had the misfortune of entering her domain. I was always left to pick up the mangled corpses but at least the roach problem was quickly resolved thanks to my clumsy CH cat lol
Does this work with mosquitoes?  
Did you laugh so hard you had to put him down?
I love having assassin kitties around to take care of any bugs we have! I even have different cats with different specialties. For flying insects or something on the ceiling we send in one cat, and we have another for large bugs or lizards on the floor. There’s only one kitty who isn’t a great hunter, but he’s blind so I can’t really blame him when the others kill something first. 
Cat’s like

“Left...LEFT..upDOWN...
*damnit, slave*
Bring me catnip so I may relax!”
r/aww for cat people, r/wtf for moth people
We've got a system with one of our cats.  He comes to us and will make "up" motions when he needs help going after something out of his reach.

We put one hand under his ribcage and one under his hind feet.  He figured out he can communicate direction and speed by pushing your hands.  It's unclear who trained who. (Read: I'm a cat's bitch.)

Its intuitive, crazy fun, and it really works.  He's much faster than I am, so I just follow his lead.  Good kitty.  :)

In other news, I'm getting a hella shoulder/upper back workout.
The URL is surprisingly accurate to what the content is
The guy in the video is cute af! 
How To Blind Your Cat: A Step-by-Step Guide
I can almost hear the moth's diabolical laughing 
this could be a party thing
the definition of a symbiotic relationship
I’m at the doctors office right now and am laughing inappropriately loud. Ahhh I needed that. 
Reminds of the time [Louis CK had to call the bat man.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O4EyvdTTnWY)
What's the cat equivalent of calling a dog a good boy? This cat needs to be recognized for its incredibly selfless act of goodwill.
But in the end, it doesn’t even matter. 
I can’t stop laughing at this; I love it. Adding it to my list of things to watch on bad days.
Teamwork is the best
he's not an expert he fucking sucks.

he is good at being a fuzzhead tho
Other cat watching like, 'What is this, fucking amateur hour?'
I like how the cat on the floor is like

"Well, did you get it?!"
I like how you have a reload cat ready, in case you run out of ammo.
turn off all the lights in your house except one in the smallest room with a door.  Then go to the Winchester, have a pint, and wait for this to blow over.
I used to do this with my kitty. I had a special whistle I would use, like a hunting whistle, and she would run in the room and immediately start looking up at the walls, and I'd grab her and take her up. Or if she spotted one first, she had a unique meow she would use to let me know.
I always do this with my cat, lol
Are those gfycat URL's user generated? Or was that just a happy coincidence? *AgitatedPleasedKitten*
Poor moth, but worth the entertainment.
In a parallel universe, a cat is holding up a moth to deal with the humans
OMG I'M NOT THE ONLY ONE WHO DOES THIS!?!?!! :D
And my cat would just look at me to get it or just stare at it, amused. 
Can't tell if this is /r/animalsbeingbros or /r/humansbeingbros
Cat on ground: "Screw you George! The hooman always obeys your commands so you don't have to exert yourself to get the flying snack. Screw you!" 
My idiot cats would just stare at me like “what do you expect me to do with this?”
It was either that or listen to the “chattering”....
He has complete trust in you.
He has complete trust in you.
[Expert you say?](http://gfycat.com/givinglawfulcricket)
Damn I always forget how small normal cats are. I'd break my arms trying to hold my cat up like that.
My silly cats catch the moth, eat it, and then spend half an hour still looking for it. 
Moth is all like "They can flipping fly now!?"
if there are space bugs now we know we can just suit up cats and send them out there
So I’m not the only one. Noted. 
I made this adorable mistake a couple weeks ago... Now my cat is constantly looking for prey on the ceiling and expecting me to fly her around.
Can someone photoshop the guy out of this?
Biologists... please provide the term...
[When giant moths come into my house I have my pet orchid mantis take care of them.](https://youtu.be/4fxkJoByrI4)
"Time to bring in the experts."
Lol, that is soo accurate. Whenever my cat found a spider or moth that he wasn't able to reach, he would look for me and then start meowing to me while moving where the spider/moth was.
This also works with spiders and bugs of any kind!
Is that assault kitty registered?
Hahaha I do this too
A weapon to surpass metal gear
My son and DIL have a cat who does this and I told them months ago they should put it on reddit.  They snoozed, they losed.  I think this is so cool!
Team work baby
If I tried this with my cat, he'd scratch the shit out of me.
/u/greenlanternx3 lmao me and Ollie
I've done this with my cat too. She'll be sitting on the floor and spot some tiny bug flittering around where the wall meets the ceiling and stare at it. Then she'll jump up on some piece of furniture thinking that will actually let her get to the bug. And then stand stretched out on her hind legs, "clawing" at the wall, thinking she'll actually get it that way.

So then I'll pick her up, put her close to the bug, and she'll swat at it until it falls to the floor. I set her down by the dazed bug and she'll bat it around for a bit then walk away like nothing happened.
Oh I miss my Abby she passed away a year ago....we need to adopt a new kitty 🐱 
If anyone hasn't done this with his/her cat, he/she just... didn't have a cat. Very simple.

Moths were the easiest preys, very slow flight. First cat I ever had could eat flies while jumping. You think flies are an easy target as well, but they're not at all, they cut corners like crazy and speed up when they feel attacked.
That url is purrfect!
Catch the poor moth and let it free outside you bastard
I do this with my cat all the time.. It's one of our favorite activities. Glad to see we're not alone
DID HE GET IT?! I CAN'T SEE 

Are you married
That's the best cat ever
LOL my cat and I do this all the time, hell of a bonding experience.
We have two cats. The fit one is usually able to catch his own, which made the fat one feel left out. We lift him up a couple times a week just like this to boost his confidence. 
I just had a really hard belly laugh watching this. Funny shit. I've done that before with one of my cats it's so funny how they let you like "yea yea..a little to the left! Hurry! I got it..I got it"  At least that's what I envision them saying lol
Animal cruelty! That moth was flying towards its dream and you struck him down!  I hope a moth 50x your size meets u in the next world with a billy club!
Fookin Moths
I do the same with my cat! She's gotten used to it so she calls me whenever there's an insect she can't reach
I have done this SO MANY times with my cat.
My cat was way better at this than yours.
I think your expert needs to call an expert 
I've been using mine wrong this whole time...
ok lets try the other one lol
These comments get really shitty the farther you scroll.
Good to know I’m not the only person who uses my cat to get rid of moths
Now if only you were edited out of the gif it would be perfect.....a flying moth hunting batcat.
I used to do this with my kitten girl. She loved when we 'hunted' together and then she'd eat the moth afterwards.
I tried to do this with my cat and a spider on the ceiling...he knocked it off the ceiling onto my face. Cats are assholes sometimes...
This looks like something out of the Flintstones
Bug-A-Salt rifle shoots table salt to kill insects:

https://bugasalt.com/pages/how-gun-works
My cat is a little psycho. It killed a rattle snake that was like 2.5 ft long. Not huge but plenty big enough to hurt a cat. I went and threw the dead snake in a field and the next day my stupid cat brought it back to the porch and was swatting it around. 
I have totally done this before. 
I do the same thing!
This is super relatable except my cats don't always see the bug I'm trying to make them get
Cats are perfect insect radar, especially flying ones. Once we see one of ours look up, we know something is in the house. One time they took out a big ass hornet in our bedroom, they got extra treats for that.
This is probably the cutest shit I’ve seen in the past hour. Good thing I’m fickle and easily distracted and will find something else on Reddit that will make me laugh. 
Hot damn! You weren't lying!
The cat’s like, “Bro, we’re not done yet! Get me back up there!”
one in the corner is like 'put me in coach'
The cat doesn't seem to mind being held like that at all
Must be nice! All my cat does is capture baby birds and lets them loose in my house :) 
"Get 'im Derry!"
I do this whenever a moth is loose in our place. If they ever lose track of it they always come to me and meow constantly like "you have one job human! Find it!"
So when I moved into my first apartment with a roommate, he wasn't too thrilled about me having my cat. He was okay with it, but he'd never been around cats before. 

One day we're standing in the kitchen and my cat Ember leaps into the air and snags a mouth. My roommate was blown away by the whole thing as he had never seen cats be like that before. After that he was very grateful that we had Ember cleaning up our moths and spiders and such.
Ok, this just deepens my feelings for wanting a cat cause' I highly dislike moths.
I really thought that was going to work.
I have a crippling fear of moths and a cat and I know exactly what I'm about to go do
I do the same thing here
Cats just love chasing things. I remember my previous cat years ago chased a moth all around the house, up and down the stairs. She eventually got it but the chase is so much fun for them.
That's fuckin' teamwork!
That other cat is just like “da fuq you doin bro?”
DRIVE ME CLOSER, HUMAN! CLOSER!
"I demand butt scratches and treats for this service."
gfycat ID is suiting:

> AgitatedPleasedKitten
I have the same stupid textured ceiling.  Can your cat fix that, too?
"Whiskers, we need you to come back out of retirement, there's no one better for the job. Please."
Somehow reminds me of The Farside
I love that you have a backup cat waiting.
 So glad I'm not the only one who does this with my cat🐈. I haven't had moths, flys, mosquitoes, cockroaches or mice in my NYC apartment since I had my cat. The expert pest exterminator.
That guy is a prototype of Ezra Miller?

Man I wonder what creatures the aliens/super ai/lizardmen will use to deal with their human problem? Also cats?
Moths are so chill. Just let them be.
You don’t even need to work this hard. Cats love to kill bugs and any other pest that crosses their path, and they will get to it without your help! I live in FL with 3 cats-they’re my pest control. I’ve seen them leap after mosquitoes and spiders in the most amazing way. 
It would be even better if it The cat was dressed as Godzilla.
The cat in the corner looks a little jealous that he's not in on this adventure.
Dude knows how to avoid getting scratched.
I hope he offers refunds.
Relevant Gfycat URL
an expert cat? amateur more like.. the cat swung like 50 times and didnt hit a glass off the table once

I thought I was the only one that did this
I tried to catch a lizard using this method... ended up clawed to shreds in her enthusiasm!
This made my day
I do the same thing with spiders in my bedroom/bathroom. Just plonk my cat right in front of it so she can't miss it and let her deal with it for me.
I'd really like to see this stabilized around the cat motion. 
I bet that for the cat it's like hopping in the gunner position of a warthog with someone who can't drive.  
Lmao that was a great tactic 
Gfycat named this `AgitatedPleasedKitten`.
My cat can jump into the air and catch them in his mouth.

He also catches house spiders too which I don't like, especially as he leaves the legs afterwards.
I recently moved to a new apartment and discovered that the area has a massive problem with house flies.  My dog has been having a great time.  She points them out, I hit them with the fly swatter, she licks up the remains.  Gross, but effective.

Had an issue with large-ish spiders turning up in my room, being a total wuss I would go downstairs at all hours and pick up the roommates cat. I'd take her upstairs and sit her on the bed/desk. Then I'd tap something near the spider, soon as it moved, that was it. Cute but she was am absolute decimator of spiders.
My husband does this with our two cats.
The cat was probably feeling like a god
I used to do that with my English Setter but I would act as its pointer.  It loved eating moths.
Teamwork! Take notes Durant.
I did the same thing last night
I did the same thing last night
TIL I'm not the only crazy cat owner to do this! It's my kitty's favourite game!
An expurrt.
He has complete trust in you.
That cat is taking it's sweet time. Are you paying it by the hour?
From the end of the gif it looks like you had options. Did you carefully choose your cat?
The cat is probably annoyed with the humans inferior speed. 
Das cute.
That's like one player controlling the movement joystick  and the other controlling the aim
Literally just did this and then opened reddit. I had like 20 big flies in the house though so eventually I rolled up a newspaper and murdered the rest.
I used to do this with one of my mom's cats, he loved it! When he saw a moth he'd run into my room and meow at me until I helped him catch it. 
So I'm not the only one that does this.
Behind the scenes of Pacific Rim 2.
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.7202  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/77497)
Cool. I want one
Hahaha not only have I done this with my cats I have also done it with my dog!! Hahaha
This would be a very entertaining video game
The other cat is jelly
So this is why we have cats...
The URL for this is perfect.
Vacuums work great too.
Cat's ready to continue.  Get him a cherry-picker for his birthday.
Yep, definitely have done this before! 
[Amateur](https://imgur.com/a/TQXGM)
Expurrt
Lmao I do the same all the time.
did he get it?
Something I do 4-5 times a year makes it to the top of all. Typical.
Can I have your cat instead mine's broken and only licks its butt all day.
Was Godzilla summoned?
oh god, I didn't even notice the other cat sitting in the background and just watching. That's gold.
Meanwhile the other cat is like "Thats damn fine work son, you'll make  Grounds Manager in no time!"
My cat hunts them but when she catches them she swats it once and then watches it struggle. She never eats bugs just watches like a satan cat. 
I have definitely done this before. Ha!
I do this too.  Glad to know it's not just me.
No matter the target, hitcat gets the job done.
My step daughter wants a cat. She is deathly afraid of moths. You are not helping me.
I've tried to get my cats to do this with mosquitoes but they just stare at the ceiling and then wiggle in my hands to signal "put me down now, slave".
Haha!  I have done this too.  
I like that the expert brought his little apprentice
"Faster human, faster!"

-cat
Wonderful exterminator.
Brilliant, wish I had a cat
Moths are like candy to cats... all my.life I've never understood it...
Poor moth. He was only there because the light was on.
I'm glad I'm not the only one that does this. 
Does this work for flies and mosquitoes?
Pro tip: Put a salad bowl full of water and a little dish soap for foamage under a desk lamp before bed. You'll catch a herd of the fuckers overnight. 
Nothing like having an SME on board ; ) 
I used to do this with my cat all the time. He loved it.
Damn if I knew I could get this much karma. I do this shit haha
His cat sucks. It never caught the moth. My cat would kill flying roaches on his own.
> aww

Moth savagely ripped apart
Super cute! The moth never had a chance. . . 
Amateurs. Get a house full of lizards like me and there's no spiders, moths or flies.

Fucking lizards everywhere, though. I should get a hawk.
I need this function in my life. God damn allergies...
Better not read the new Stephen & Owen King novel then. :-O
Noting like a good cat video to save a boring night. 
I love how the cat is one with the human. He just focus on slapping the moth while the human is the - as someone else in this subreddit has mentioned - exoskeleton.
Cue the music... 

REALLL MEN OF GENIUSSS!

Today we salute you, Mr. Raise-a-cat-like-Simba-so-it-can-kill-a-pesky-housefly-so-you-don't-have-to-man!
Every time I find a bug in the house I shit talk my cats a little bit. 
r/specializedtools
I am not the only one who does this,! 
seeing myself trying to hold my 75 lb dog up so he can eat the fly.
AgitatedPleasedKitten ... touche
Lol
The car deserves dinner
It's not him, it looks so much like him. Damn. Thus is so funny
Oh thank God...im not the only one who does that
why do we kills moths and not butterflies 
... I should get a cat...
My cat is a moth hunter too- so much talent ❤
I do the same thing with my cat lol
And the link is AgitatedPleasedKitten!
Super effective and efficient!
Now you just have to bring someone in to hold the camera the right way.
I literally do this to my dog anytime there is a bug on the wall. She's a total lifesaver, even if she is 40+ lbs heavier than that cat.
I’m just glad I’m not the only one who does this!!
Wow. After decades I just realized cats actually have a purpose. Good pussy
The trust that the cat have on you to hold him like that is real
MVrjnn. In. I have a 
The human's cute, too.
The moth's like "**AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!!!!!**"
A long time ago, I had a roommate who was even more of a wimpy coastal cosmopolitan type than I was. We lived in a crappy apartment in a not-great neighborhood, and one night we heard a scrabbling sound in the kitchen and flipped out. We went to investigate and saw some giant flying insect circling the kitchen. He took a vague swipe at it but wouldn't get any closer. I took off my shoe and swatted at it, but it brushed against my skin and I jumped back. My then 18-year-old cat sauntered in, assessed the situation, jumped up on the table, and caught and killed the menace. Which turned out to be a large moth. 

We decided that I (female) was more of a man than my roommate,  and the cat was more of a man than either of us.
Awwww it's cockroach/waterbug/palmetto bug season in the south! Our cats are going ape shit after 'em. 
That guy looks like Grant Gustin (the guy in the flash)
I just had the same problem today. Thanks for a solution
Looks like the cat's supervisor is on the scene as well.
So I'm not the only one that does this?
And he catches the snitch!
Get it kitty cat, you got this! Hurry send in back up. 
My Sydney is a bug hunting master! I can't believe I haven't thought of lifting her like this, it'd save me from so many bugs.
URL checks out
"expert"  couldn't solve your moth problem.  If my dog was there, she'd leap all over the house to kill that moth. Good thing my place has low ceilings or I'd be worried all the time. 
I may have to rethink my 'no cats' policy. This is brilliant 
/u/stabbot
I love cats so much
Hahahaha. I do that with my Luna. I ask her if she's ready for dirty dancing and then we do the lift so she can catch bugs :)
I don't know. Does he have the clawifications for that? 
My cats have caught everything from stray ants under the front door, spiders, flies, mosquitoes. I'm pretty sure if they were outdoor cats they'd also have many birds and squirrels under their belt as well. Moths have never gotten inside...
... that i know of. 
SOOOO glad to know I'm not the only one.
HAHAHA... my cat loves when I do this.

All I can imagine is the cats frustration with his owner. "Higher! To the left! That's the right jackass! 
Looks like he's struggling to hold the cat back.
All my indoor kitty does is growl at the children playing across the street. No interest in hunting. Mostly into sunbathing, snacking on wet food and sometimes swatting and sitting on the younger kitty with her whole kitty body. 
i like how the cat looks back like:

"the fuck dude?  I almost had it....BACK UP THERE"
Now see I commissioned my cat to help me deal with a wasp, and all she did was boop it and run away.
Let me just bring my cat-like reflexes...
Teamwork makes the dream work 
I have done this.

[should learn from this master](https://i.imgur.com/IeTXycw.gifv)
Lol I do this too. But I let them in on purpose so I can do it more often. It drives my gf crazy.
My cat would murder me. Then he'd go kill the moth.
"One with the moth to catch the moth"
"One with the moth to catch the moth"
"ONE WITH THE MOTH TO CATCH THE MOTH!"
"Ooooo. . . . .shiny light"
This makes me feel like crying. In California we didn't always have screens, because there are very few bugs, but there are sometimes tiny flies or spiders.

Every night my little Chloe wanted to "go hunting" with me. She was so petite, even at 4 years old, that I could just hold out my arm and she would stand on my forearm and scan the walls and ceiling for "buggies."

She weighed so little, my tiny black and white Chloe... yet despite being so petite, was so athletic, with such poise and balance like a gymnast.

When she was a kitten I'd asked her to stay a kitten forever because I loved her so much, and she did. She stayed so petite.

She didn't make it past 4. A kidney failed and surgery was not an option because it turns out she had been born with only one - maybe the reason she had stayed small.

I've had many, many wonderful cats, but losing Chloe broke my heart. I said to the vet, as she drifted off, cradled in my arm like a baby the way she always liked, that she was my last cat. My baby girl was the last cat I'd come to love. The most affectionate of a group of very affectionate cats, always wanting to be cradled, to kiss your eyelids one by one, snuggle under your chin... her fur so fine, and always smelling so fresh like a newborn's head.

I still have Tony, going on 16, he's "grandfathered in" is the way I put it... but my little sweet Chloe will be my last adoption.
The kitty trusts you entirely; it just wants that moth.
The more I watch this the more it looks like he's using the cat as some sort of alien tool
The gfycat link name checks out
I see one cat doing the work, one support hooman, and one managerial cat telling everyone what to do.  Either that or this is a setup for the joke, How many cats does it take to screw in a lightbulb?  None, cat's don't screw inside lightbulbs.  (I'll let myself out)
Oh, this is some straight "bug patrol". At least that's what I call it when we do this with our cat. 
Probably would of helped to turn that light off and get an external light, probably blinded him a bit but no harm done. I know those lights hurt my eyes up close though.
Personally, bugs irks me out. One of my cats is the dedicated hunter in the house. That situation is not unfamiliar to me. XD
We have a serious moth infestation at our house, and now I wish we still had a cat.
CALL IN AIR SUPPORT
Do this all the time. My cat meows at me to pick it up when they're too high for him. We hunt together. 
My boy Jack was the most lethal murderer in "get the buggy" history. Lanky with a lazy eye & 100% trust in my grip...

FUCK I miss my lil man. Here he was in 2009 

 https://imgur.com/QoOpcVC
'Finally you serve me well, human.'
Teamwork! 
200 iq
Love the cats trust in the owner not dropping him, just keeps swatting away knowing he will be moved accordingly 
I did this exact thin yesterday with a stink bug, the cat still hasnt gotten down from the upper windowsill
I can’t stop laughing at this. They’re both getting so much joy out of this it made my whole day!
So swinging the cat over your head is how you summon the expert?
I do this with my cat but no one believes me.  Much easier than trying to stand on a chair and catch it myself! 

Video evidence that it works, finally!!
My wife purposely leaves our bathroom window open so the cats have bugs to play with. I end up doing this exact thing with the high flyers almost every day.
I did that with my cat and a fly once. My cat decided to just stare at it and not participate. 15min later my cat chases the fly and eats it on his own. 
I see what you are doing. You posted this gif, received a lot of upvotes and now you're going to open your own shop to sell your cat as a moth killer. Good job.
This is identical to what i do with my cat. That's awesome 
I've definitely done and this before!
Ah man, I had a cat years back who loved when I did this. She was a fierce slayer of all bugs. I miss you Casey. 😔
TIL I'm a cat person.
What’s the rental fee like on one of these?
‘Oh, oh, I got it, I got it, no I don’t.
Best part is the other confused cat on the ground 
Or you could just stop being a fucking melt and leave the moth alone to live it's life? Just a thought.
This is the cutest thing I've ever seen in my entire life..... ever
In the cats mind it’s like 
*And I’m going left* <.< 
*Wait shit shit go right!* >.> 
*God damn It human flesh slave stop throwing me in circles and let me catch the damn thing*
*OKAY that’s it! Get me some good catnip and PISS OFF you suck at your job you’ve failed me* 

I’ll walk out now.... I’m done....  
Glad to know I'm not the only one who does this with their cats...

I've trained my 4 cats in moth combat with vertical assistance. 

that just made my day.  thanks for sharing! 
A beautiful calico
My cat would kill me if I tried that shit
He didn't kill it... Does he hunt? My cats have always gotten them first swipe... They focus on that shit. It's evil...  
lucky you have lots of experts 
Welp I'm glad to know I'm not the only one who does this!😂
I love seeing these two working together despite being separate species. We need more of this in our society. 
You guys are so CUTE
Good way to blind a cat 
The exfurminator
When I had cats those two would engage Hunter Mode 2000 anytime a flying insect made its way into the house. Always cracked us up watching them
I can't even begin to explain how accurately this represents my life. /u/PM_ME_UR_ANYTHlNG
actually made me laugh. 
Keep her steady I cant get a shot!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vy43iZCPeLI
Hah, did this once with the cat after discovering a roach had gotten in overnight and decided the bathtub was its home.

Cat subsequently had a great morning. Roach did not.
Unexpected
This is what it's like being a gunner in battlefield 1 pretty much
The look at the end 
I love cats
I hope this little fella got an extra treat for his services, and for doing such a good job
My dog does the same thing but unfortunately he's bigger and doesn't have forelimbs that can grab things.
This is one of my favorite memories I had with my cat before he died... He loved to catch bugs like this, it was the only way I was actually able to hold him without getting my arms sliced and diced. 
Really glad to know I’m not the only one who does this. 
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0503  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/76694)
So... how do cats keep track of movement and react that quickly and constantly? 
My cats are terrible at hunting; one will just stare as a bug crosses the floor, and the other lightly taps it with her paw and loses it within a few minutes. 
That cat put in the cheat codes.
/u/An_Angels_Halo even more reason to get a cat now!
I Love his facial reaction the entire time Lol 😂 genuine happiness/laughter
Cat: "You're moving too slow Frank! Higher Frank!! Lower Frank! Frank Listen to me!  Just drop me i'm done!"
i like how he looked back up like what r u doin m8 get me back up there!
Last time I did that my cat panicked and I almost had to get stiches.
I hate cats. But I hate months more and am actually quite afraid of them sooo I might be getting a cat now. Fuck me. 
I just imagine cats on poles and people wedging them into high ceilings for this reason
glad to see im not the only one who does this
the second part of the Polish lightbulb joke

My dad used to bring moths from outside into our kitchen so that he could do this with both of our cats
Omg when he puts it down and it just looks at him like “thank you hooman I love you”
cat: hold me still you fool
My black lab loves eating flies she chases them through out the house and no one knows what’s going on cause we can’t see the fly or moth we just see this 76lb dog running around slapping her jaws and jumping on stuff 
I'm so excited that other people do this. 
That cat trusts you much more than I most humans.
Dang. I had a cat that was my best buddy that I did this all the time with. Too bad I'm too stupid to capture anything karma-worthy and also too bad he died like 6 months ago. Fuck now I'm sad
Absolutely deplorable. 
This is so awesome. And this is only freakin reason I want cats. 
I do the exact same thing to my cat and he loves it. It's to the point that whenever I pick him up he looks for the big. He's like where is it hooman? Where is it?
I'd take Benadryl every day for that cats daddy
I started laughing a second before the human put down the cat and looked back at me while also laughing and it was a very real experience. I appreciated this cat vs. moth simulation. Thank you. 
Fun little fact, you can see kitteh's whiskers pointing outwards.

He's trying to coral the moth towards it's mouth where it will brush past the whiskers, signaling the location of the moth.


Just watching this cat be physically manipulated by a human trying to suss out its intentions and movements is.. *kisses fingers*
is that you in the video? :o!!!
lol you're handsome
See, you're doin it all wrong, man. You've got to maximize the area at which the cat has access to. Aim with the stomach and not with the head.
I used to do that with my cat all the time! Except I would hold him up by laying his stomach on my forearm (he seemed much more comfortable that way). He was *really* good at catching them too. I miss that cat so damn much.
...but isn't it still there at the end?
absolutely cat goals u/droidonomy u/westryde
u/powerbottomharry this is us hahaha
teamwork!
Just leave the poor moth be.
I feel like everyone with a cat has done this.
That cat has to be blinded.  His face was right next to the light
Your cat might be blind now. 
You win the internet today, good sir! That was hilarious!
He has complete trust in you.
He has complete trust in you.
Fucking useless 
I do this exact thing with my cats! Only they refuse to kill amd eat anything that isn't a spider and even are starting to stop doing that now....maybe I should decrease their food allowance heh
"That's fuckin teeeeeaaaam woooorrrkk"
I love this
"change expert"
Brilliant.  And all this time I had been chasing the moths around myself.  
My dog is an expert fly, moth and spider killer. 
my cats would just be sitting on the floor staring at the moth and clicking and tittering. for hours. 
Aww poor moth
LPT
I do the exact same thing lol.
Lol poor other cat left out of the action

It's just a moth. Turn off the lights and it will be quiet
cats bats
this is too funny 
I hate moths with a passion ever since that Spongebob episode close up of a butterfly. This cat is my hero.
Cat: Jerry will you move quicker!

Jerry: I'm not a cat! I can't move as fast as you. 
He didn't seem to do so well :/
How much did he charge?
This is a thing I do as well
Buy one of the electric fly swatters people they work so well at getting flying shit.
RIP cats eyesight 
The URL is satisfyingly appropriate.
[deleted]
Now he must defeat moth man
I do this for my cat even though she hates being picked up. She's happy about it afterwards. 
Never thought of that
We have all done this.
I thought this was an Overwatch post...
Definitely done this. 
I think this is the first time I've seen a cat do something useful (other than be adorable obv). I mean this little dude didn't get it down first try, but he gave it his best shot and with practice could have a kickass future as a moth disposal unit. 


My estimation for cats goes up one. Still a ways before they reach dogs, but today is a good day for the cat. 
Yes better shove the cat into the light and make it blind.
Asbestos project monitor here to say you may have potential for friable asbestos in your encapsulated popcorn ceilings 
Probably blinded the fuck out of that cat
This made waiting in line at the bank much better 
It's like a really weird version of the toy claw game.
[Hey I think you used the same company I used! These guys are great.] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-r6P_guC3I)
Hahahaha, my brother would do this with our cat when we had a moth problem in the house.  The cat loved it.  As soon as my brother would pick him up and flip him on his back, the cat knew it was moth hunting time.  He got maybe 90% of the moths.
Moth Meowster
Is that bad for the cat's eyes?
/r/cattaps 

/r/hitmanimals 

also how long did it take you to get that relevant gfycat URL? (AgitatedPleasedKitten)
The gfycat name is spot on for this one
.
And they're a yummy snack too!
The cat is blind now 
What teamwork!
Great way to bond with your kitty.
What are his rates?
Is it dangerous to have cats, which are evolutionarily nocturnal, so close to a bright light. Could it cause eye damage? 
A moth is in thine array
I'm glad I'm not the only one who does this
My old cat Millie was amazing at big catching.  She LOVED spiders.  Now I just have two fat cats that just look at bugs.   
Sixers win!

Raise the cat!
I totally do that with my cats when there is a bug in my house haha.
even cat reflexes are not good enough
I do this with my cat all the time. It's called "playing co-op."
Hilarious. I was doing the same thing the other day with my cat. 
Literally the only reason I allow the cat to stick around. 
Aww. I bet M (Mr. Ms. or Mrs) was like I’m gonna make you my little bitch. Come at me bro.
I did this too. Cats got use to it, expected it all the time.
How holding the turrets in half life 2 felt like. 
I do this with my cat all the time but he is a terrible hunter and will catch it for a second or two and then drop it
Teamwork!
O thank God I thought I was crazy and the only one who did this lol.
I've done this with the girlfriends kitten, we bonded that night.
I did this with my cat so he could hatch and eat a fly. I felt so proud.
>Agitated Pleased Kitten

Are Gfycat URLs sentient? 
My cat Binx used to do this and he was very good at catching them. I wish I'd gotten a video of it :(. 
Is the moth okay?
Cat with a lisp: moth I do this?
At the end, the cat's all like "why are we giving up?"
Get him!!!  https://youtu.be/Lk0pA-G0Kz8
Haha I do the same.
Is this really reddit top atm? Is anyone else sick a senior citizen did this? Why couldn't it be a 20 year old? This guy lived 6 decades, further proving we are nothingness in the grand scheme of things. FML.
My cat loves moths. 
This needs to have the 'That's fuckin' TEAMWORK!' line from 'Tenacious D's 'Fuck Her Gently' played over it as the moth is caught.
This is my favourite thing to do with my cat, I call it a buggo hunt. 
I'm terrified of moths so that cat is my hero. 
I do this with my kitties too! They're expert bug catchers.
Who needs insecticide when you have a cat
This is exactly what i do!
I love this! I do that too! 
That looks like fun 
😂😂
This is what they are training us for. Soon they will make us turn on each other. Those with cats will be victorious!
How many cats does it takes to change a light bulb?
did he get it??
Bilbosdad
I'm so proud 
My cat loves it when I do this for him!
I do this with the cat all the time. I didn't know you could get karma for this. Damn it!
Teamwork makes the dream work
I thought I was the only one who did this with my cat. THERE ARE MORE OF US OUT THERE.
YES!
This is like trying to catch the new Mercy.
Ok.. I'm not alone in this method. Cats are just good at grabbing things.
Up! Down! No, ack, go to the side! Faster, human! We’re losing him!
Kevin! Hold me steady! I almost got it...
Out in the country when the season is changing there will be dozens of moths gathering around the light. We take turns standing next to the light holding up the hose of a shop-vac.
Cute kitty boye
Teamwork
OP, try holding kitty so it can stand on your left hand with its hind feet, and put your right hand under the tummy to support it.

I do this with my cat.
What a pussy
Two player coop mode
“What’s up motherfucker, remember all that shit you were talking when I was as on the ground?!”
By the way it's called a moth pit
That was a final level bahamut summon.
The cat's like "Wait im not done yet" lol
I turn off all lights and put a lamp on the floor. My kitties go wild!!!
I have done this with my calico.  It is the only time she doesn't freak out when picked up.   
There was one time I saw a moth fly in front of the tv... Cat flew after the moth.... Caught it in the air and ate it before landing.   
My black cat plays with them until they can no longer fly. Then she loses interest.  
This is a little sexist but my cat is a girl cat and she is not aggressive enough to ever kill a bug :(
Cat: Where is me staff to lift me fat arse so I can eat moth?! 
My ex had a cat that would die to get after the bugs that would flutter in and land on the ceiling. All I had to do was push on her back toward the ceiling and she'd act like she could walk upside down. I miss that cat.
That doesn't look healthy for the cat's eyes
I’ve tried doing this with my cat. He hated it and wanted to be put down.... 
MY cat and I do this all the time.
My husband tried to do this with our cat who normally is an avid fly killer. He jumped out of my husband's arms and ran out of the bedroom crying when confronted with a moth that size.
Put your hand at the base of its tail, gives better mobility. 
Drive me closer! I want to hit them with my paw!
Our cat kills mice/birds regularly, but once there was a rat in our apartment and he wanted NOTHING to do with that situation.
I tried to wipe the doors peephole off screen...twice.
I still do that with my cat
I do this with my cat. 
Dog is that you?
I do this every time I see a bug.
Ieuan? 
Moth: "Wooaaaaaahhhhhhh fuuuucccckkkkkk!!!!"
The cat is like mega blind now
I always use my cat to catch bugs for me. 0% failure rate.
I would do this with my cat if he didn't have so much mass. 
I used to intentionally invite moths into the house for my cat and I to stalk together. He cried at me when the moth was out of reach. I'd bat it down towards him to catch. Good times! We made quite the team 😎
Omg it is good to know I’m not the only one to do this 
Iiiiit's the circle of life!!!!
We have a cat that is the best hunter we have ever had.  He can find a scorpion and kill it before we even realize what is happening without a single light on. He better live forever because scorpions scare the shit out of me!
put me back in coach
your cat is now blind
Unrelated story but my gf is terrified of flying bugs. I remember one night I let a huge moth in through the back door which I knew I was going to hear about in the morning from the gf. I wake up in the morning to get ready for work, head downstairs and our cat is staring at with a look of pride; by her paws the very moth I let barely clinging to life with both its wings missing.

Since then I’ve noticed our car is a master exterminator, often stalking for days waiting for the best moment to attack.
Aided by his human companion, the feline is a deadly predator...
Oooo....flier! Get the flier!!!!!
I thought I was the only one who did this
I've done this exact same thing with my cat :)
Possibly the most fitting gfycat URL of all time?

/AgitatedPleasedKitten
Teamwork makes the dream
Work
Haha, I do this all the time with my cat. I had no idea I was providing front page level reddit material for myself all this time.
I've done this so many times. It's a win win situation 
Why have I never thought of this. 
This is not an aww for someone who loves Moths more than anything ;-;
This is great
This is just one of those "why didn't I think of that" things
haha that cat hates that freakin moth like us hoomans get em..
the name of that gfy link is pretty accurate
Wax on.Wax off.
The master and the slave.
He didnt even deal with it!
What a cold-blooded killer.
Needs more training. I know a Panda I can hook you up with.
+1 IOTA u/iotatipbot
My husband helps our cats chase bugs this way too it's cute.
r/CatSlaps but shadowboxing version 
I'm glad I'm but the only one who does this :)
Is this what all cat owners do when there are bugs inside, because I do this all the time
I thought I was the only one who did that with my cat!
You shouldve gotten Derry. 
Yo is that Dwight Schrutes cousin?
Mine does that too! Haha
I use airsoft, so to drunk me, that is the testical head guys gun from rick and morty
I do exactly this lol
Needs a stick
Listen, I don't know much about killing moths, let me call in a buddy of mine...
"The gang solves the moth situation."
looks like it's not the first time yhey do it...
I feel like everyone has done this atleast once in their lives
"Go on Derry! Gettit! Oaah!"
I’m so glad I’m not the only one that does this lmao 
Teamwork makes the dreamwork
teamwork
Do you live in Folsom? That looks exactly like my old apartment.
Totally done that
My first cat was such an amazing hunter. My current car likes to watch, poke casually, and chirp at bugs :/
Genius 
I’ve 100% done this with my cats. 
Just look at that fine teamwork
I'm not the only one. 
Teamwork!
i do the same thing!! i become a scaredy cat and my cat is fearless when it comes to moths.
"Catch it tibbles! Catch it!!!" 
Cat is dead. Love, moth. 
Ugh. Popcorn ceilings. I hate popcorn ceilings. 
Mine is great at catching bugs but yowls for reinforcements for anything bigger than a ladybug. 

Corners a roach? "MEFUCKINGYOW GET IN HERE AND HELP ME GODDAMMIT"
Interesting, how good are cats at taking out Roaches?
anyone know the video source? i really wanna watch it   thx
I do this with my kitty!
OMG I did the same thing I threw my cant on a cockroach 
 So cute, and the cat is pretty adorable too.
It's nice to know i'm not the only one who does this.
Hahahhaha this is amazing 
Did you notice your "AgitatedPleasedKitten" URL?
Hi, can i use this video in my facebook page ? 
With full credits of course :)
PM for more !
Yes! I've done this with at least a couple of my cats.
Sometimes I'll have to do this for 10 mins and my cat still wont get it
Omg I looooove this. My kitties like to swat things for me too haha
/u/FabioNovice I need him 
I just hear "Get it, Kitty!" in Eric Cartman's voice.
That's how I just to deal with spiders. God I miss my cat.
Sometimes you just need a professional for some jobs...
Use the other cat or both simultaneously 
I didn't know this until I lift her and help her grab it.
Waiting for this to load like "it's the cirrrrrrcle of liiiiiife".
Ashton Kutcher?
I used to do that with my duck
Did this with my sisters Chihuahua 
That is small dog, friend.
>https://gfycat.com/AgitatedPleasedKitten

URL checks out.  
He has complete trust in you.
Guys who post pics of themselves are often very cute. 
Omg
Don't kill moths, they're cute and friendly and won't hurt you. 
Doesnt look like much of an expert to me
Meh gonna be that guy but boooo.  Open the door. Sorry. 
[deleted]
Also, she hasn't been blinded (but the concerns are noted) 
That dude's bangs are an interesting fashion choice.
Why do people like cats? /serious
Just fucking catch it yourself. There is not a moth that I have encountered in my thirty one years on this earth that has escaped my grasp have I chosen to catch it. 
You're kinda of an asshole, why not just let it out. Fuck your cat too right in the smelly asshole
