That stretch was very satisfying. Zero fucks given by cat.
I had a similar interaction with an uppity crow who was perched ontop of my car earlier this week.  I snapped my fingers at him and just sat there at looked at me like "What are you going to do now?"  So I drove off and he actually followed me for a hundred yards or so and then he flew off.
Pro Tip: tilt the bike, slowly until the kitty can't stay comfortably on anymore. This also works when a kitty is in some styles of chairs. Otherwise just sit down on them slowly until they get tired of your butt. *Warning, this can sometimes result in claws in your butt.*

Eta: After much consideration of the rigorous and thorough evidence you all provided, I must amend my statement with the following disclaimer: The success of this technique depends on the cat. If you have an advanced level cat (over 9000), your only option is to relinquish the comfy spot, all your finances, and your petting and feeding services to the cat.
"Sorry boss, I can't come into work today."

"Why not?" 

"Der's a kitty on my bike." 

"Fair enough." 
"aaah stretchiiies...... Annnnd fuck you human"
r/maliciouscompliance
my name is cat

i sit on biek

but wen my fren

just dos not liek

i stretch my bak

and give a frown,

i do a purr,

i sit bak down
He must've not had coin for khajiit.
This is a pregnant female cat. I know this because it was the top comment the last time someone posted this gif here
I love men who are kind to animals. That's the biggest attraction to me. I can imagine how warm and comfy that motorcycle seat was to the cat. 
"Now if you'll excuse me, I'm gong to get back to my busy day doing more cat stuff."
This is so cute... esp how gentle he is
[Human: Go to your bed Steve
Cat : Eh, far enough](http://i.imgur.com/DcQ8iop.gifv)
This is me every morning trying to get my kid off the bed for school 😥
Kitty stretches and re-settles to be sure the bike rider does realize that ownership has transferred.

Edit: Typo


Next thing you know: https://imgur.com/S7Y1ow9
The ears going back express how great that stretch was 
That is such a cat thing to do lol. 
When I lived in Taiwan, I had that exact same scooter. Loved that thing. Such an amazing scooter.
Why do retards keep posting the same old "he ate the cat" nonsense knowing they will get downvoted into invisibility? In this thread alone I saw a dozen or more. [edit] More than two dozen. You fucks are not funny or original.
This is a lot nicer than when a monkey posts up on a bike.

https://youtu.be/3sZiIkc87K4
Me every time my husband tells me to move over in the bed. 
I would have left him there and walked to work 
Jesus christ, can you imagine?

Those seats are fucking perfect for cats:  
* Squishy, yet firm.    
* Smooth surface, contoured surface.  
* All the warms a cat could need from the sun.  
* High, isolated vantage point.  
* Has lots of weird smells the cat would like to replace.  
I love cats 
I love cats. The amount of annoying (sometimes only to them) things they can ignore is amazing. Then it becomes amusing when they hit their limit of being annoyed.
This is my first reddit comment.
Meow fuck was given that day.
Ahhhh. That warmed, sun soaked leather on dem jelly bean toes.

:3
"I'm just stretching, asshole."
Aww lol, cats are so awesome 
You say you moved but that's a bit of a stretch
I like how cats are the same everywhere around the world. Dickheads. 
The guy is really cute 
This is basically me getting up for work every morning. 
My cat in a nutshell. 
Just get on a bus , let the cat sleep 
I would have done the same thing if I was that cat.
That reminded me so much of my cat, she was fat like this one and even more lazy than a regular cat
Cute as f
Wtf i didn't kmeow my cat was on a traveling trip meow,  that asshole
cat is like " ur exactly right friend, why didn't think of laying down and using this whole chair"
This is ridiculous, the man should find another bike, never wake the cat! Bad choice!
Im sitting a pair of dogs at the moment that are like this with the couch. Me taking up space on said couch is the end of the fucking world to them. Dont give a fuck about people or food, only couch.

The bigger one is pretty smart though. She finds a ball and throws it around the room for a while and gets all excited. Little one gets up to join in and big one immediately takes the couch. Its just as hillarious the 10th time.
I love how patiently he waits for the cat to stretch before reacting further.
I wish I could stretch as well as cats do. They make it look amazingly satisfying.
"Alllrrrriiiiigggghhhht fineeee I'll fucking mov-yeaahhhnoooooo fuckkkkkk that" 🐈
What a sweet gentle man. 
'5 more minutes sir' -cat
Super cute :)
Someone needs to merge this with this clip of Professor McGonagall: https://youtu.be/zJLpssiYcqI?t=29s
[removed]
I have never seen anything more "cat" in my life.
That's literally the Asian Garfield 
[removed]
[Cats are Jerks!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8gSIADfs9j4)
This is me trying to get up every morning, TIL: Cat on a scooter is my spirit animal.
i love tabbies.  Super gentle while being super self-centered.
/r/animalsbeingjerks
This is my cat on my computer keyboard.
Cat lover 

it's comfy, not going to move anywhere lolz
That stretch looked so nice, now I feel all nice and stretched. 
pro tip: place a keyboard next to the bike and pretend you're typing somthihalkjhgfajskjhgalkjhjkhhlhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
HAHAH When the teacher tells you to move from your friends
"This is your bike? Ok then, go fuck yourself"
I was worshipped as a God once, get lost 
I have this exact same issue with my complex's resident stray. He's a sassy little fucker, nuzzles right is so cutely that he almost makes me feel bad for putting him in the laundry room every morning.
"That's a big NO and fuck off, motorcycle man"
that guy's like gently tapping the cat and he seems very annoyed.. lol
Should just give the keys to the cat.
Me every morning.
I love how incredulous the guy is, like "Cat ARE YOU FUCKING SERIOUS??"
AAAAAAAAHHHHH...... NO.
Lol
What? Take the bus.
You have got to be kitten me right meow
r/catsareassholes
But we love them anyways 
I relate to that too much to kick him off after that. It's like in the morning when your alarm goes off, and you get out of bed and shut it off, and then blissfully fall back into bed. And it's even comfier than before. Pure bliss.
I want a fukn cat already ;-;
"Oh well, guess I can't get to work now".
My cat does this a lot. 
Me trying to wake up for school
That kitty looks mighty preggo. 
/r/catsareassholes
Comfy af.
Cat. 
Lol cats are such lovable assholes
Sorry I can’t come in to work today, there is a catto on my moto
It's a good thing it didn't dig its claws in. Cats love digging into leather.
This cat is me in my life.
This guy is cute.
Should be part of an ad about comfortable leather seats.
I actually thought the cat was going to transform into a Decepticon. 
The real answer would be to want the kitty there, sensing that you now wanted it's company, the cat would move.
That is so cat.
r/CatsAreAssholes
I fucking love cats. They’re awesome. 
"Your right human it was a better idea stretch out alittle"
So Beautiful And sweet 😍.. 
I need to live in a place where adorable animals frequently steal my spot!
[How did this lose so much quality since the /r/ThisIsMyLifeNow post?](https://gfycat.com/AptWatchfulIberianmidwifetoad)

OP, did you take video of your phone with your other phone?
God I love cats.
r/CatsAreAssholes
How is this a aww moment? Should be under the animals being jerk 😸
Lol cats are such dicks 
r/catsareassholes
The only proof you need that cats are dicks.
I swear my cat pulls this shit all the time. Maybe all cats have that narcissistic asshole gene.
I love it when cats include their ears in a good stretch.
he now owns that scooter.
How to tell if you have the comfiest moped seat in town. 
I wouldn't be long escorting that cat off with my foot.
https://imgur.com/gallery/k8fe4
R/catloaf
Where is the bot that usually links the smaller gif size?
My cat does the same. Always sleeping. So cute. 

"I move for no man"
maybe my cat
I guess the cat didn't want to scooter away 
Found  my spirit animal.
Anyone else think that the way the cat stood up was freaky as fuck??
This cat is my spirit animal.  
Is that a pregnant kitty
"why are you ten hours late to work?"
"Well sir my cat was sitting on my motorcycle"

That's me every morning when my wife wakes me up
Your scooter? No my scooter
I always wonder if cat owners have masochistic tendencies or something.
Booboo? I miss my buddy. How the fuck did he end up in _________
Thinking a lazy cat would move in the first place?   Yeah, that's a stretch. 
Oh that's a very pregnant little kitty!
Laziness incarnated
Cats are assholes but I looove them 
That is the most catest of cat things ever.
This human has now been adopted by a cat 
They don't care 🤣
[Sorry, I had to do this](https://imgur.com/a/0K3zS)
And if you have to make the cat get off, immediate feelings of guilt.
That's an admirable attitude
Holy shit 5 year cake day
the cat is claiming ownership
As a cat owner, I never doubted for a second that Kitty was just getting up, to lie down again haha 
The trick here is to rub it's tummy. Your welcome. 
Ok ok I'll move... But I'm already in my pajamas. 
Ummmm 'scuse 
Me every morning 
He swatted the cat at the end.
me never getting up from my bed
Mike, you should change your last name to hunt because that’s what kind of a moderator you are.
this my spot now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lj60OAh7O5U
I feel bad, please tell it's not a random homeless cat :(
That cat's about to transform into professor McGonagall
Proof that cats are truly the biggest assholes of all time.
Exactly how I feel when trying to get up for work
Whichever company makes that seat needs to use this to advertise 
Tbh I would have walked him 
Nice purse.
Love the ears. 
My cat just did this on me exactly while I was watching this! 
Nice cooter. Scooter. 
McGonagall?!
He got played
aww
"What?  Oh thanks man, I needed to reposition myself"
Cats are like the hot chicks that don’t give a fuck if you like em or not and humans are like the guys that are hopelessly turned on by that.
"The last time you sat on this seat, you left and I didn't see you for hours. There's no way I'm letting THAT happen again."
Is this in reverse? 
*OMG I MOVED IM GOING TO GET A BEAATING NOW*
Meals on wheels!
Garfield in real life lol
My cat does this all the time. 
This is the best thing I've seen all day
That kitty is just asking to go for a surprise ride 
r/catsareassholes
They would eat us if they could.
I want that baby blue purse that he has.
r/AnimalsBeingJerks
Such a cat move!
U good bro 😂
That man is cute
Poor kitty just wants to be loved and petted.
YASSSS
laziness at its finest
Cheeky cat! ;)
Awww, chunky kitty stretch. So cutes :)
Yeah.. that's a stretch for me dawg.. but thanks 
I love how innocent this is! 
He better have not moved that putty tat
A+ on the ear stretching 
Garfild has a cousin
/r/catsareassholes
This is my motorcycle now
Move or we will make a dish out of you.
I'm a cat, this is what i do..
😹😹😹
The kit probably doesn't know humans take ownership of motorbikes with comfy seats, and thought he was just bothering him for no reason. 
LEL
Anyone else think this cat was on a bike.
And then he just pushed the cat off
His bike now.
For a second there I thought it was going to turn into professor mcgonagall.
This is actually so cute and purrrre
r/meirl
I thought it was turning into a Transformer for a minute
Literally doubling down.
/r/Delightfullychubby 
Thought the cat was gonna turn into Maggie Smith 
I hope his name is garfield
I love cats. 
The seat was probably warm from the sun 
u/mariahtovar this is Kaiba
A cat is atop Reddit, the internet is working. Take my upvote kitty kitty.
Aw.  He's so sweet to the kitty!
Listen here you little shit
These hood cats don't give a damn
/u/over_the_flows
I hope that guy adopted that Cat.

If not he can fuck off
It looks like he's about to knock the cat the fuck out at the end
This is why he needs a spray bottle with water in it. Spray cat.. Cat will move. Can confirm this works. Used to live with cat.
The cat would sense my aggression long before I got close enough to touch it.

If it was still there by the time I was in range, it's just *asking* to go for a little flight. 
[deleted]
[removed]
Probably warm from ass heat 
If you don’t buy wears they don’t move their caravan. 
Just once I would like to be able to stretch like a cat.
That's me every Morning
It's the softest, warmest spot on that street. You don't give that up easy!
I feel like this exact cat is about 50-60% of the cats I have ever seen in my life.
This is how the Feline Master Race eventually comes into power. 
I'd have to pet it. 
This is me when the guy waiting for my parking spot does his little  passive-aggressive dance in his car.
This is me every morning.
better get the cat its own motorcycle. 
I would have just put it in my bag and taken it home. then it can sleep on my seat all it wants, while I sleep on my bed. 
Bikes are warm, case solved. Evidence? I live with 4 cats. 
My cat would let me, a full grown man, sit on her rather than move from the couch.  I always loose the game of cat chicken.
Story of my morning. Every single morning.
Looks like Trico
My cat does this when I try to get her to move off my chair, bed, anywhere I want to sit/lie down.
Cats:

* Passivity: S
* Aggression: S
* Fucks: F
typical!
You obviously need a PokéFlute.
This cat has some nerve.  But he/she knows what they're doing.
Waaaaaah. I'm traveling on biz and this is JUST what one of my kitties does. Now I REALLY miss her.
This mine now biiich! 

Sincerely, 

Meow 
this made my day! thank you op!
My daughter in the morning! 😅
How ungrateful! That seat is warm and dry due to pregnant cat and he choochoo it like that?
Start the engine.
Me IRL getting up for work
Aww! It looks just like my cat. Except way skinnier. Has the same stubborn attitude though. 
Looks like my Koshka! She does the same thing.... she will full on roll onto her back though for belly rubs though!
Thought the cat was gonna transform into McGonagall for a sec.
This is his cat now. You do not choose cats, cats choose you.
That was the cat equivalent of give me 5 more minutes
So, jerked cat loaf?
r/delightfullychubby
Aw? I was thinking more /r/AnimalsBeingJerks 
/r/maliciouscompliance 
Looks like a failed transformer creation experiment. 
awe :3
u/hydrahexxx 
To the visually impaired: guy pokes a cat to get it to move off his scooter. Cat stretches and lies back down.
To visually impaired: guy pokes a cat to get it to move off his scooter. Cat stretches and lies back down. 
Cats are dicks 
[deleted]
Haha😂Looks like the cat has Alzheimers’s disease and already forgot why she stood up...😜
Lemme guess where this is. Hanoi? Was I right?
Wants to play. 
HAHAHA cants in a nutshell :D
Yeah, nah. 
The cat rests in peace
Though it is time to move on
Repose wins the day. 
I'm grateful that cat didn't transform into a demon...for a second there...
Meals on wheels.
Never play with your food
He gon eat dat bich
That cat will end up in the soup by the end of the day.
Why is he not killing the cat to take it home to eat later?
the cat is doing a good thing, stopping that 12 yearold from riding a motorcycle
Honestly, pick it up and drop it
move or get cooked


triggered
You know that asian guy ate that cat. YUM
Thats his dinner tonight.
Sometimes a dinner just sticks with you.
downvoted because OP is a loser.
This is why we have baseball bats, other than playing baseball I mean.
Later one ate the other 
If that thing disrespected me like that id kill it
The last frame of the gif worries me. It looks like the Asian dude is about to cast a spell with an axe chop.
