That dog is pondering something truly profound.
"Now that is one big orange tennis ball."
I think he's looking at a good bouy.
Frame it!
If that were my dog I’d frame it and hang it on my wall
What kind of pup is this? 
This picture made me feel so peaceful ☺️
Is this in Brewster MA by any chance? Awesome pic btw
“The one ball I could never catch...”
That good boy is majestic as fuck
"It's so beautiful. So much majesty held in one place. It really shows how small and insignificant we really are... Ima go shit in this water."
[deleted]
Where was this pic taken?
I admired it for two moments. 
That dog is more emotionally deep than I am.
It's pretty cool to think that this dog is a living, thinking, sentient being. There are so many creatures in the world, most of whom are confined to their own habitats and lifestyles, while dogs like this get to explore the world. I wonder what thoughts are going through its head.
I was bored so I figured I'd photoshop (lightroom actually) them even though nobody asked me to:

Album:
https://imgur.com/a/mIndm

With fixed horizon: 
https://imgur.com/a/zRmGY
Consider it admired
Why is that piece of shit choke chain on him?
He knows he's the good boy. 

Enjoy those sunsets now, winter's coming...
The beautiful colors and shading of both the sky and the sand alone are jaw dropping, even more so with doggo
Looks like Cape Cod, bay side. And doggo is adorbs.
When will my owner come back from war...
Yes. Yes we can.
Carmel by the Sea?
what a majestic creature
He's looking at the giant ball that goes away every evening 
“golden” hour
prong collar on a goldy? seems excessive. badly raised?
[deleted]
There is a special little piece of hatred in my heart for anyone who uses those collars.
Edit number 2: Alright it was fun. Down vote me all you want, but Im done responding to the onslaught of "youre an idiot" comments. Using a prong collar or choke collar is an inhumane and lazy way to address a problem in your dog. train your dog properly and you wont need that medieval shit on your best friends neck. G'night reddit.


Nobody is going to read this, but something in me necessitates that I say it: It is not the beauty, nor is it the awesomeness of the dog. It is the wonderful state of the person's life, the person taking the picture, that makes a photo like this a magnificent thing. Without a life being in order, this seems like beauty for somebody else's fantasy.
Just a slight edit
https://imgur.com/gallery/yn2u5
Goodboy's got a pretty hardcore, pronged, training collar on. 
Awesome pic. Im happily surprised at the down votes on the prong collar hating comments, there is hope for proper education and information among the general population! 
Yes we can
This is an amazing picture!
Even animals enjoy nice sunsets, ༼ つ ಥ_ಥ ༽つ
That dog is appreciating the nice color of the sky..
This is a great picture 
Such a beautiful image!
The dog is thinking about his past love life. He remembered his life before being reincarnated. 
Damn that's some really low tide, got to be the cape.
Man, that's a really good picture.
Looks like Lisa frank 
I've had a horrible day, and a horrible week... this picture made me cry so hard. Thanks OP for sharing this. 
One of the most beautiful images on Earth. The sunset is nice, too. 
Your mum is amazing! This picture is beautiful 
What a great shot. Definitely one for you to print and frame.
https://imgur.com/a/H8W2A
All the different shades of grey. 
Wallpaper worthy!
I fucking love dogs , haha.
Did you pat your mom on the head and give her a treat?
"Are there balls being thrown across the ocean?" 
Good boy
Point noted, he’s only 9 months old so he will grow out of it.
M A J E S T I C
Pawprints in the Sand


Dog replied, "My precious, precious child. I love you, and I would never, never leave you during your times of trial and suffering. When you saw only one set of pawprints, It was then that I carried you.
That is a horrible collar he’s wearing 😢
Fuck using that kind of collar.
"Why are they making me where a pinch collar?"

Because your owners are dicks my dear. Its easier to be mean than to teach. 
that prong is fitted incorrectly. it needs to be higher up closer to the ears
What the hell is around it's neck? Looks like a torture device
Only problem with this frame-worthy pic is that choke chain on the good boy..
what a good boy
Yes. Let's also admire the fact that you didn't butcher the English language by using those awful, obnoxious, overdone "doggo" and "pupper" words.
That's one helluva choke chain. Must be part Ox.
If they are such a good boy why do you have a choking collar on them? 
Photographers effort: minimal.
Photographers recognition/karma: epic
Mother nature's effort: maximum.
Mother nature's recognition/karma: zero.

Conclusion: this picture is sexist, so is the dog, and so are you.

(And yes, I did just assume mother nature's gender)
Good picture.

If he's a good boy, take the stab collar off. A cruel collar isn't what does the training, it's the owner. 
H A N D S O M E B O I
Cherish that beautiful pup
Wow & Aww
Dont know which looks better, the scenery or the good boy🤔
He was only a good boy for a moment?
wow, that's look so impress, he's look like a man look to the future and think about how his life
Where did all the water go?!? It was right here earlier. 
He about to chase some shit. Same look my dog gets whenever he hears shit outside.
That should replace the three howling wolves.
It's in portrait but that's ok because this is a portrait of a dog at the beach
Yes we can brother..... yes we can.✊️
Two of my favorite things in one picture! 😍
i dont even know this dog, but im proud of him
Wow such an awesome shot 
Is that Lambert Cove? (I love the pooch also. 2 GRs in my house, and I'm taking them to Lambert Cove!)
Absolutely 
This is beautiful! Your mom is miles ahead of my parents with a camera :D
Looks like the start of a nuclear war
On mobile when I open and close it the water looks like it’s moving. Kinda trippy 
"What if I never know who's a good boy?"
There is nothing that staring out into the sunset won't solve.
Looks like that dog that was on the front page yesterday lmao
 Big hugs to you all xxx
He thought the sunset was pretty, but I thought he was prettier
Thats a pretty good picture for a mom standard. 
Yes we can. 
Beautiful dog & beautiful photo!
I would get that painted! I got a picture of my cat painted on canvas and love it. It was a little expensive but worth it. Check etsy. :)
Get a load of that dog
That looks so amazing, where is this? 
He looks like he has a better life than I will ever have
i just want to scratch him behind the ear
[deleted]
Probably asking itself the same existential questions we do. 
Totally read that title as a Parks & Rec Craig rant. OK?!
This photo is fantastic! please tell your mom this is a great photo!
Dog: *The majestic sunset illuminates the sea and perfectly frames the silhouette of that ship in the distance; from stern to bow...wow.*
I needed this picture. Thank u 
I must go... I am needed elsewhere. 
 Thanks, Reddit friend. I actually needed that. 
PETER!!!!
I love this. 
Now thats a pretty picture 
Admiring in progress...
This looks like where Mac Miller shot his music video "stay"
Yes.
I wonder what he's thinking about
It's moments like this that make me question whether animals other than humans can appreciate beauty. We can find beauty in the mundane, but what about other animals?
One day this dog will be the king of dogs 
gorgeous
Dogs looking at the ocean is so great


"Oh boy that sure is a lot of water, I wonder whats on the other side"
Such s great pic!
It's a beautiful sunset OP, and a good looking dog.
Where’s the ocean?
My dream!
Found a wallpaper for my phone. Don't mind if I use it! Also, what a capture! <3
Is that Eastham?
nice picture!
This is majestic as heck 
"But.. is the sky light, is that a color change? Not sure. I have  a hard time spotting schmakos. Light, come back. Over on the wet place I see the light still but I know there's no schmakos. Perhaps tomorrow, mom will have schmakos. Perhaps."
"He thought the sunset was pretty. I thought he was prettier"
The sky looks like a painting
Mr Peanutbutter! 
Great picture
No we are completely unable to appreciate , anything.
Looks like heaven.
Yes. Yes, we can indeed.
Yes.

EDIT: It's beautiful.
 Beautiful.....
Call of the wild.

Wow! This is amazing!
What a fabulous sunset and photo with that beautiful beautiful dog
yes 
“Everything the light touches is our kingdom.”
who cares
Now that is a perfect picture.
Nice picture with a beautiful sunset! 
I see lots of paw prints in the sand, much fun was had that day. 
[deleted]
Such a beautiful sunset
What breed? 
Off guard 
Look at the stars  
Look at how they shine  
For you
That is a damn good memory right there. Makes me so nostalgic for some reason :'(
Dog:  I pooed over there.. then my butt got really wet, I ran up but when I ran back down to bury my poo.. they were gone.  GONE!.  I wonder where my poo we..  OOoo look, a Squirrel!
nice image..
Do they have Tennis Balls on the other side?...
Nice beach. Where?
Saw this right after coming from a discussion thread in r/politics. Thanks, you are a good boy!
He's in deep emotion thinking about future life
Where are is footprints? Looks like he just appeared in that spot.
A spiritual moment of the day. thank you for the photo 
His goodness radiates through my monitor
Dogs look cute in pictures but are terrifying irl
Why do you have to mention your mother, just say its a dog picture.
What was this taken on?
The paw print in the sand just makes this photo. 
Christian Reese Lassie
"What if...there is something beyond the the big orange tennis ball in the sky?"
Was this taken in Oregon?
I liked how this looks so I did a tiny bit of editing on it. https://i.imgur.com/lmNRWmN_d.webp?maxwidth=640&shape=thumb&fidelity=medium
He's sad he lost his ball in the surf...happens to my dog all the time
cool
Forget the dog: the picture of the sunset is amazing!
God damn the sky looks beautiful in this shot

"Man I bet these colors look amazing"
Awesome pic! What camera was it taken with?
Where is this
Is this PEI?
The paw prints make it dawg
really nice picture
r/SkyPorn
And sunsets like that are the reason I live on the cape 
This dog is so adorable. I love this picture. It melted my heart.
What was the slight edit? On Imgur?
Incredible picture! I hope you get it framed, it's absolutely worthy a frame.
"I may be a good boy. But how can I be a better boy? How can I be the best?"
Beautiful. Lovely dog.
he needs some cape cod potato chips😥😥
Frameable. Beautiful dog, beautiful sunset. Yea, Mom.
Adorable ! And a great picture. 
I’ve never not wanted to pet a dog this bad. 
This is indeed a splendid picture! 
Okay guys we will do burial at 2 pm mt today minus mark.

Dont worry most High has us very protected.
What kind of dog is this?
This has to be OBX?
That’s a very, very good boy. 
What kind of camera was this taken on? Stunning photo!
Where was this taken?
Hello from the other side...
How did that one footprint get there?
This looks like home (Brewster MA). And now I want to go home and visit my family. Man, I miss those beaches.
When you realize you were the good boy all along!
I must devise a strategy to best that evil cat that always calls me a bad boy
Needs more jpeg
Frame worthy. 
I want to live in this picture
I want this as a post card. 
can i have him 
r/earthporngonecuddly
Really awesome photo!
Really wonderful picture

Seven hells!  This is gorgeous!!
Red sky at night, sailor give good boy treats. 
Good Dog.  I wish like hell I knew what he was seeing that has him so mesmerized.  Or maybe I don't.  It might be a big let down.
Wow, where is this?
They're good dogs, u/chicks_102
I can admire this picture for much more than a moment! 
Aww man this is nice. Wish I had my own dog 😢. I'll just have to make do with my temperamental cat...
This photo needs to be framed!
Good boy as better life than me. 
Thanks for my new phone wallpaper :) 
They'll never knoooow, how far he'll goooooo
I'll upvore any dog picture that doesn't have doggo or puppers in the title...
[removed]
Mary mother of God that is one good, good boy. 
Dog of Destiny!
Great photo.
What was the camera/gear used?
No, I don’t have time right now OP. 
after the wandering comments; let us return to our regularly scheduled photo. This is an EXECELLENT photo of the dog. She got all the elements just right and in balance. I hope a copy is framed on the wall
B E A C H B O Y E
Unfortunately the dog only sees the sunset in black and white...
...and where there were one set of footprints in the sand... OOOOHH look a bird
Geesh, you gotta frame that.
I love him
This needs enlarging and framing. In the future, it would be a lovely way to remember your dog and that particular day.
And that good boy finally found his okcupid profile pic.
Think deep doggo!
Lake Michigan?
How dare you assume its gender.


"Those who get pets are good boys and those whom are good boys enjoy all that life has to offer and live eternally in the memories and good thoughts of their loved ones." -profound dog
Is there a calendar “dogs and sunsets”? If not there should be and this would totally qualify. 
*"why do you always fall for the fake toy throw?"*
if he's such a good boy, why do you have that ridiculous collar on him?
Why do you have  choke collar on him if hes good enough to be left off the leash?
/r/whosagoodboy 
Pretty sunset for a pretty boi. Perfect.
All pictures are better with a good boi in it.
Good boy?  Whose a good boy? 
"And as my paws rested on the sand, my doggo eyes gazed at something far beyond my comprehension. Beautiful, strokes of fire lined the skies and all I could think of, was booty"
Someone has to turn this into a Doggo Self-Help book cover!
Was this before or after he did a zoom?
Good boi
Dogge: I could swim that far and be a free boi.
Doggo looking at cool view.
Everybody that keeps asking questions about what you call a dog, its none of your concern.  They are with the Most High and your every movement is being watched.

Which cameras did we use?  They come from a very far away place you dont know about and the cameras are all in your midst but you cant see them.
It sickens me to see pet owners still using spiked  chains collars Put that around your neck and see how it feels. DONT CHOKE YOUR DOG! Use a vest chain that goes around his chest.
Where’d all the water go?
Jesus.

That's daggun beautiful.
Precious 
"Does the ball that rolled under the couch still exist or did it enter another space in time?"
Don't look into the sun puppet! You'll need a seeing eye human 🤔🤔
Someone is stepping their profile photo game up on [DoggyDate.com](http://www.doggydate.com/)
Yes we can admire!  Beautiful pic, dog and thank you Mom!
Lake Michigan...?
Lake Michigan?
Beautiful boy
What’s on the other side?
He's Legendary
He looks like the goodest boy.
What does it mean to be a good boy?
Is it just me, or did this look like Dug from Up! Where he has the black talking collar on him? 
GOOD BOY, GOOD VIEW
So many Reddit moms making interesting content. 
yes
"Does being a good boy make me a good boy or does that just make me fake for wanting to pee and poo everywhere?"
That's a good boy. 
What a good boy
10/10 this is truly a good ole boi.
My favorite bit is seeing his little paw prints in the sand. 
M A J E S T I C
The two sets of footprints in the sand were front and back paw prints of a pupper sprinting on the beach.
I really love the paw prints in the sand. Kinda paints a story for the picture. What a gorgeous pup! 
The chosen boy 
I want to go to there.
I admired the good boy for far longer than a moment I hope that's okay. 
Who's "a good boy"?
This looks like it should be titled "Where The Good Boys Go"
Somebody once told me the world is going to roll me 
Everything about this picture is beautiful 
>pancho and lefty plays in the background
Bark +1
This photo is crazy good! Good job!
Hes trying to figure out how to become a great boy 
that good boy collected enough good boy points for some chicken tendies i hope 
I will admire this image of good boy for all the moments. 
What a lovely doggo!!!
What a good boy!
I'll give him two moments... no three... he can have them all.
I think he's probably a good boy *all the time*
D A M N W H A T A G O O D B O I
Yes. Yes we can be good boi. 
what a good boy
The goodest boy
he thought that was a good sunset

I thought he was a gooder boye
That puppy is considering something really significant.
/r/earthporngonecuddly
OMG! This is a beautiful photo. The sky is magnificent. Looks like a good boy to me!
This picture is visual gold! also....such a good pupper. 
And then he truly knew....he was a good boy...
That, right there, is a good boy.
Good boy! What do your dog eyes see? 
That's a good-ass boy
What If I never find out who's a good boy? 
I notice it's only after he ran a few miles on the beach that he managed to sit still.  This is a puppy who needs a prong collar - I can sympathize - but have you tried the Gentle Leader?  https://www.petsafe.net/gentleleader

Dog? Check. Apocalypse? Check. Needs a boy. 
Can we just take a moment and discuss how fucking patronizing headlines like this are?! 
Maybe I was the good boy...
"Where have all the good girls gone
And where are all the treats?" 
" Mama, am I a good boy, will I ever be?"
You sound like a stressed mother at breakfast.
Pretty Shades of Gray.
Good Boy! 
So majestic. I really love the hair of Golden Retrievers.
Absolutely majestic 
Meaning of life?
Plot twist: OP is the dog in the picture 
such a lovely shot ~ a beautiful sunset with an even more beautiful doggo ;;
Cutie
Aww
Just how good would you say that boy is, pal?
That puppy is contemplating something really significant.
What good boy just staring out at his destiny!
That might actually be the *best* boy... 
Your mom is a good girl for taking this 
the goodest boy there is 
can we just stop calling dogs good boys already?
Beautiful boy
Your dog is now my wallpaper 
Doggo wants to know why he exists.
We are not now that strength which in old days

Moved earth and heaven, that which we are, we are,--

One equal temper of heroic hearts,

Made weak by time and fate, but strong in will

To strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield. 
With which device this picture was taken? 
Rotate it a degree or two so the horizon is level. 
He's such a sweet, good boy.
Why you talking about yourself in third person 
such a good boy
Good doggo,is this the outter banks nc ??
his paws💕
A goodest boy. 💕
Gooboye
But the prong collar :/
Please fit the prong collar on your dog properly. 
GOOD BOY

VEERY GUD BOI
Bruh what the heck, this pic is effing awesome. Jeez props to your mom, damnnnnnnnnnn 
B E A C H B O Y E
dats a good boi right dere
Beachboye
This maybe the happiest boyo i ever did see.
S U N S E T  B O Y E
S U N S E T B O Y E
S  U  N  S  E  T  B  O  Y  E
That's a real good boy ya got there. 
What a good boy
What a good dog
B E A C H B O I
P R E T T Y B O Y E
Hey! I have that same collar for my dog! We've had it for years.
Good Boy is certainly having a good run. I guess Pupper is dying out. Doge is definitely dead. 
Why are mature dogs referred to as good boys? Why not call them good brothers? They aren't our boys. They are our friends, protectors, and confidants. They know everything about us.
MajesticBoye
r/rarepuppers
Why using a training collar on such a good boy? Poor good boy...
/r/pimpingyourmomsdogforkarma
Beachboye!!
Tfw you're a good boi 
#S A N D B O Y E
G O O D B O Y E
Poor dog got a choker 
I like the photo. I have certainly taken plenty of my dog at the beach during the sunset.

But can you please remove the choke collar from your dog. Please don't teach dogs lessons with pain. Not only does it hurt them, they might do something painful to someone else as part of a lesson.
"A good boy for a moment" is a key phrase.
[deleted]
In my neck of the woods, "good boys" don't require punch collars. What's he in for?
As
Top
this was taken on a pixel 2 xl 
Doggo asked Jesus "why at my most babmboozled time in life are there only one set of pawprintz".. Jesus reply "good boi. Those were the times I heckin rode you"
iPhone camera?
What's with the Choke chain?

Is that collar needed for your pup? He seems fine off leash in the pic.
He's praying to god his owners get rid of this dam pinch collar. 
I was going to save this picture until I saw the metal collar. :(
B E A C H B O Y E
[removed]
