My parents had a dachshund and this was the exact face she would make when you hit just the right spot behind her ear. She would lean into your scratch. Miss her.
They say money can't buy happiness.

Well it certainly can buy lots of sausages for this good boy! 
Be the person your dog thinks you are.
Reminds me of slink in toy story
OMG. I want this dog!
I wish someone would look at me like this someday.
This reminded me of my old (and only) dog. He was so chill and just wanted to be petted/held and have an occasional walk. We got him when he was pretty old because his previous owner had a child that was abusive to him and she didn't care much for him so we gladly adopted him. He had some health issues but he was so damn lovable. Thanks for this pic, it made my day reminding me of him. 
His face honestly made my day better.

 - a guy who's having a bad day

 *edit: thanks guys :)*
[deleted]
Melt my heart. 
Wow, "Disney Eyes" IRL
[deleted]
That's one grateful dog. 
Happy wiener!
Oh my god. That is a fucking GOOD BOY
we deserve dogs...except there are too many assholes in the world who treat them like crap.
Dogs are such great companions and are taken for granted a lot.
They're a reminder of what we could be.  And do.  Like shit on the neighbors lawn.
This resonates with me, as we just had to put ours down. As hard as it is to lose them, they’re well worth the pain.
Dachshunds are the superior dog to have. I have one of my own and he’s the best dog. 
Who's a good dog?

*Who's a good human*?
Reminds me of a joke posted on Reddit before: 

Why did the cowboy go to the wiener dog store? 

Because he wanted to get a long little doggy


OMG dat Weeny!!!!!!!!!!! cutest shit ever, they are literally lil cartoons that run around all day 
We dont deserve this planet either.
I want this dog!!
Dogs are amazing.  No matter how much of a crappy day we have, they will always be there waiting at the door to greet you with much love
... I'm not entirely sure human beings have done anything to deserve cats either, but i guess its too late to fix it now... 
I'm picturing him with  a german accent for some reason. Help
My dog really thinks more highly of me than anyone else, me included. Now, it's only because I feed him, but, on days like today, I'll take it. 
He looks like a very good boy :)
Weiner dogs are amazing. Little legs make me smile
The best thing about this good boy is that he has proportionally maxed out available surface for belly rubs.
Woke up this morning with one dog laying with his head on my shoulder an one dog snuggled against my hip. It was amazing, dogs are the greatest. 
Some of us, yes. But there are also dogs who don’t deserve humans. Both species are capable of becoming horrible creatures based usually on their upbringing.
I legit teared up at this picture (in front of 20 8th graders) because it looks just like my Dachshund Stella who we had to put to sleep at about this time last year. Even though I have a new dog who I love very much, the wound from her loss is still very fresh.
PSA I tried to provide a link much earlier but i got informed that it didn’t work so this image was from @alvssajasmine on Twitter. I wanted to share this cute picture of her girlfriend’s dog and didn’t think this would blow up as much as it did. I don’t appreciate the harsh comments that anyone has said. It’s just Reddit I’m not gaining anything from karma since there’s people taking this a lot serious than I am and telling me to go die. Alright everyone have a nice day now
"We don't deserve dogs"

*shows a picture of a physically fucked up dog breed that was made by selective breeding*

Me: Too real.
I smell 100k upvotes
My heart... meltzzz 
I need him in my life 😭
What an adorable smile!
Looks like [this guy](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-jWxQEuz1zlE/We4tQCAcRwI/AAAAAAAABQk/vrALocJkeqcwIHPnsJZsPDDdI3j1jIqNwCL0BGAYYCw/h768/2017-10-23.png) from secret life of pets...
Doggo knows how to manipulate.
I do, she deserves me too.  We be great together!  Yes, there are ton of people who are *undeserving* because of how they treat their dogs but that doesn't constitute into a "we", clearly this expression is getting on my last nerves. 
Yes we do, we worked to selectively breed and domesticate to get were they are today.
What a stupid title.
Do dogs really smile? Or some dogs just happen to have a resting face that looks like it's smiling since we, as humans, recognize it as a smiling face?
What an angel!!!
he is in love !! 
I love all dogs!!!
Oh my gosh, that face is so cute!
This little weener is just darling, and I love her

With such a puppy any shit day becomes a fantastic one
r/dogsmirin
The face of a true friend
OP is holding a piece of pizza 
Says who?
Dogs are the best. 
Yes we do.
Oldest trick in the book
My dog is 11.  Walks with limp due to arthritis.  On three different meds for pain.  Very heavy heart knowing the end is getting closer.  I'm sure at 11 he has a year but just knowing....  :(
Until one has loved an animal, a part of their soul remains unawakened. 
We really do not deserve dogs lol.they are amazing 
i feel this way about my cats
dont deserve them?  We literally made them like this.
The look she gives you before cheating on you that night. 
That dog looks like Amy Poehler

I hate it when people say that bullshit that we don’t deserve Dogs. Let’s see, I feed my dog daily, give lots of love each day, take her on awesome walks and/or the dog park daily. Yeah, I definitely deserve my dog and vice verse. Maybe you don’t OP. 
Maybe you don’t...I sure as hell do
Why is the caption so negative?
“We don’t deserve this” “we don’t deserve that” shut the fuck up. Virtue signaling has even reached r/aww.
Why's he chained tho
He is literally the cutest!
But why is he on a chain?
Nice shoes

Edit: Really? Downvoted for liking someone's shoes. That's a new one.
we made them course we deserve them 
Speak for yourself
So true, really clear how much this wiener loves his dad
I think people like dogs better than people.
I was just thinking the same thing about my dog!
Awww. That smile says so much. 
Those eyes
"Oh you!"
Sit Boo-Boo, Sit!!
Aww !
That is an amazing smile.

I wonder if it's a learned behaviour, or if it's the result of 20-30,000 years of co-evolution?

Probably a bit of both.
His smile looks like a Disney character! :) 
Basically summed up everything I want to say about the dogs
This looks a lot like my pup who just had to be put down yesterday morning. I got her for my 15th birthday. She made it 15 years. She was a total snot slinger!
This dog has a plan...
Mr. Weenie? This has got to be the real life version of Mr. Weenie from the movie, Open Season.
Oh my Goodness I can't take it!!  So precious.  I honestly think pups are our healers for life's troubles.  My Bekka looks at me this way when I lay next to her,  she heals me to the core.
This pup is a healer too.
Aw.... Why can't my dogs be this cute.
Looks like the big eyed pups art.
Yet when I tell people they don't deserve their dog, I get angry responses.
My mom and I were having a rough time but the day our pekingese arrived to our lives, she certainly brighten our days and make us feel loved. 
He reminds me of slinky from toy story 
Why don't we deserve dogs?
[deleted]
I painted this
200,000 years of building the best relationship ever. 
Make this dog a weenie for holloween
Such derp , much smile , so tiny
That face, I'd give him whatever he wants!!
This is such a great example of how amazing love is
I will think it's more accurate to say dogs deserve better than humans
Don't tell them that!
That dog is really happy.
I absolutely love it when my dachshund wraps his little paws on my knee
God damn I love dachshunds
Awe
We essentially MADE dogs.
Nice!
We created them. So, yes, we do deserve dogs. 
Just the look just the look.
The look of love.
This dog!!!! I need this dog in my life. 


What is it with reddit's creepy obsession with dogs?
Such a wholesome photo
r/PuppySmiles
So cute!!!
Sweetie puppie!!!!
I've had a long day at work, month behind and no visible break in the future. To add to that, I'm fighting depression.

I come on break and the 1st post I see is this adorable hot dog and I'm misty-eyed. One of my fondest memories is meeting a little hot dog named Alex in 2009 who met me and decided he wanted to sleep with me and he did. Curled up by my feet under the covers all night. 

If my friends would have said, "You want him?" I would have taken him and ran. He won me over so quick.

Thanks for sharing and bringing me a smile today! 💚
Me and everyone I know have those shoes 👌 
We made dogs
My doxie does the same face: https://imgur.com/MvcfkMq
Thanks dog. This is now my phone wallpaper. Thanks dog. 
PAPA can we have hot dogs for dinner plzzz
Humans bread dogs to be this way so this wouldn't be a thing without humans.
We've selectively bred dogs for centuries, we made them, we deserve them.
Looks like someone gave Dobby a sock
Dogs deserve better
We actually don't deserve dogs if we eat animals that are just as loving and caring as dogs. Pigs, cows. We suck.
Its crazy to think that this adorable pup was genetically designed to be a ferocious mole murderer.
I had a long haired one of these named Joey. He was about 11 or 12 when I adopted him from a woman who had just passed away. He was 500 pounds of pure joy and personality in a 12 pound frame. He died from complications from a surgery we were trying to get him that he needed. I sure do miss that boy and it's been 15 years.
Should rename this sub dogcirclejerk
Speak for yourself. Some of us absolutely do deserve dogs. 
He is a cute motherfucker :)
Don't forget we made them the way they are today. Believe in humanity.
I've always wanted to know this, but it that "smile" the human equivalent of a smile? I remember reading something somewhere about it but I am unsure. 
So cute!
awww
I'd really like to take this good boy on a walk.
That's a nice love sponge you have there.
Dawwwww lookit that smile 
"One day I hope to be as good a man as my dog thinks I am."
Look at the love and admiration in his eyes. My god I wish someone would look at me like that... 
My Weener dog ripped up the bathroom trash while I was at work today and threw up my girlfriends tampon while I was eating dinner tonight... other than that he is extremely cute!
Such a sweet photo.  This dog reminds me so much of my dachshund Shiner, who passed away last year.
That smile is way too cute!
Some "people" certainly don't.
Life is 90% eye contact.
Is it weird that looking at those sweet innocent eyes made me want to cry 
I deserve a dog.
You got this off Twitter 
It's so cute I feel like punching someone just because of how cute this is.
I was driving down the freeway when some jerk rear-ended me while weaving in and out of traffic at 100 mph. I have no memory of the crash itself, I regained consciousness lying on a backboard in the middle of the highway while being loaded into the ambulance.

They told me later that my dog had gotten out of my car, and run back up the freeway towards oncoming traffic. A veterinarian of all things was the driver who struck my dog and killed him, but she would say later that it was hitting my dog that gave her the time to slow down and avoid broadsiding my car and my unconscious self. She would end up being the person that called for help and was able to warn other oncoming drivers.

TLDR: My dog that threw itself in front of a car to save my life.
Own a full size dachshund myself. Those eyes get ya every time man 
DOG is simply GOD spelled backwards....proof right there!
Awww he looks really happy!
Unconditional love right there 
Dogs are so pure, and we need to thank me; I ask nothing in return.
Awww. The photo got my heart melting fast. So adorable! I hope this wonderful being is loved well by his/her family. <3

It's weird how nobody comments after a period of a post being here.
um yes we do....they're animals 
 Bullshit we don't.  You know how many years I has to make man's best friend so amazing and versatile?  There are however dogs that don't deserve the way they are treated.
Why don’t we deserve dogs?
Sure we do. We made them.
What do you mean? We created them...
We really don't. I'm such an asshole yet my dog is over the moon everyday when I get home. At least more so than my girlfriend -.-
We made dogs so yes we deserve dogs.
**Dogs are the best people.**
No shit, [look](https://healthypets.mercola.com/sites/healthypets/archive/2015/04/02/dog-breeds-1915-vs-2015.aspx) at what we've done genetically to those poor animals.
Get you a girl that looks at you the way this dog looks at their owner. 
Wish the world was as pure as the heart of a dog.
THATSMILEOHMYGODITSSOCUTE
So don't get a dog lol
Good boy of the week
That's one big, black weiner
This is a common misconception.   

We do deserve dogs, and dogs deserve us.   

Humans are so fucking awesome that they turned WOLVES into a symbol of purity and companionship.   

Humans are so fucking blindingly pure that we MADE DOGS.
Tell me, Summer, if a human was born with stumpy legs, would they breed it with another deformed human and put their children on display like the dachshund?
We may not deserve them, but they certainly deserve the best from us.
Little clingy pup! 
Dogs inspire us to become as great as they believe we are.
But they deserve us.
I never understood why people say this.  We made dogs. The dog wouldn't exist without us.  It's like creating an amazing tool and then saying we don't deserve to use it because it's just too amazing.  
We've also bred them to need us.  Some fall back on instinct and go wild but a lot of dogs would die if we were to abandon them to their own devices, they require us as much as we them.
Owing to the above, I see the phrase in question as nothing but self-aggrandizement disguised as humility.  "Look at how amazing and loving and selfless our creation is."  
/semi-serious rant
Funny you say it like that. There's strong evidence that dogs and humans domesticated each other. Humans probably had a much more selfish and solitary nature before we encountered wolves. All those traits that some people exhibit that we consider negative, and thanks to canines, most of us evolved past them. So we get a friendly, loyal companion, and they made us friendlier, more compassionate, and more social towards each other. Nature never ceases to amaze me.
Daddy daddy!! Can we get a doog? 
- NOOOOOO! We don't deserve it
We deserve better. Cats.
No we dont. especially since it was horrible practices that made them like this.

Its awful. 
My heart shivered. I want a doggy. 
Come here youuuuuu! I know you like those ears scratched. Good boiiiiii
No, we don't deserve them, they truly are the greatest gift.
[removed]
Oh so super cute! If you haven't already, be sure to post this in /r/Dachshund 
That's why they poop on stuff. It evens itself out.
If I ever met a man who would look at me with even half the adoration this doggo has in his eyes I would be the luckiest lady in the world. 
Sausage Dug!
This photo made my day. God bless dogs!
TIL Dachsunds are photogenic
That's a behind the ear scritching smile right there 
*insert cliché tumblr caption*
*insert photo of cute dog*
*wait for front page*
This looks like it's out of a cartoon
My elderly mother got a Dashchund mut that looks exactly as pictured here. It has been the perfect dog for her, constantly wants attention via snuggling and napping, always wants to be by her side all day.

I used to think of this breed as Chihuaha-esque, yip-yappy. 
Dog has been completely the opposite. Practically silent except when the doorbell rings. She is in love with the pup.


this looks like something out of a pixar short
That's why we had to make them
so cute
ohhhhhh my god that face i’m in love 
How are your vans so clean??? Has to be photoshopped
Wholesome version:  We all deserve dogs
You realize he's not actually smiling?
We need dogs to show us what unconditional love looks like
I mentioned to my coworker the other day (I work with dogs!) that dogs seem to feel joy that's more intense in the way we do. For instance, I've never been so excited to see someone that I just peed right then and there. My dog, however, does this frequently whenever I come home 
My dachsund does this too

They are such good boys
I have a dachshund who looks a lot like this one. She went blind not long ago. She has adapted pretty well but I miss her looking into my eyes like that.
Thank you for this
Love my dogs. Just recently became a cat guy as well. I love animals
We are probably reading our own emotions into his face. He is likely thinking “give me food” as opposed to “I love you”.
That's an awesome little dog.

I had one just like this too, until just over a month ago when a rattlesnake got her over night. She had freedom to run in and out of her doggie door into a fenced area in my yard. Found the snake too and fixed it that no one will suffer as my Lillian did. 
I want to be as happy as that dog

Sweet pup.
They deserve us
Too cute for words!!!
Yeah... we deserve better
My little Dachshund makes the same face when you scratch the right spot. The spot changes daily, the face always stays adorable. 
Look at this fuckim dog holy shit
You should be careful how often yor dachschunds stand up and and go up stairs.  Their backs tend to have trouble because of how long they are. 
My dog looks at me like this all of the time and it never gets old. They are the best.
Alas it looks happy to be a selectively bred sausage roll
I had a wiener dog and he was so goddam good and cute. I’d like to have another one, but I doubt I’ll ever have another dog. 
Dobby has no master
I prefer to think we deserve dogs otherwise they wouldn't give us their joy and happiness.
I love that picture. Earlier this year,  I lost both my dachshunds. My male, black and tan shorthair was 19yrs. old and my female, red shorthair was 18yrs. old. I miss them every day but I love pictures like this because it keeps them alive in my heart. Thank you, pet your dog for me.
There has been recent science done showing that dogs make facial expressions for our benefit (I wish I could find the link) so that makes me think when we think they look sad, they actually do.

This li'l guy is so adorable even my usually ambivalent feeling about dogs is overcome.
so this is the face my dog makes right before throwing up...
I have an old boy. I don't know how many more walks around the neighborhood we have left, but I hope it is many.
Man that painting is amazing, i can't even see thr brushstrokes
Since we domesticated the animal and bred for the traits we daww so much at, I think your title is ridiculous. Regardless, its understood that not all of us should be pet owners. 
Is he on a chain? If so OP we need an explanation fast.
Wish I had time to get one. Stuck with getting hamster for my "son". 8(
When you move past the unbearable cuteness his head+face actually looks really weird the way it joins his neck
It's Mr.Weenie from "Open Season"! 

Dogs are the best animals on earth! 
http://imgur.com/a/8J7TG/
You can tell his tail was wagging
You can have every dog that's left out all day and all night in my neighborhood. I won't miss the incessant mindless barking. 

Oh, and take their owners too... they're the real problem. 
TIL that dogs and humans get along so well because dogs and humans have similar genes 
Same face I make when I hear the words " Are you hungry? "

gurl yaassss
Just answer me this, Reddit: did any of you NOT smile when you saw this picture?
A look that says "hey, could you get this hair out of my right eye?  I don't have fingers."
I know those are good dogs but I always feel sorry for the way they were bred to be short and long like that. 

Especially when they live with other regular shaped dogs. 
I love dogs. Love them. But that being said, fuck my roommate's dog. Fuck that stupid idiot thing. He's so god damn cute and I just want to cuddle him but he's a fucking asshole. He starts shreekingly (not even a word) barking every time he hears a loud sound. I haven't even gotten to know my roommates in the six months I've been living here because every time I pull my car to our *long* driveway, fucking Winston barks his face off and charges and follows me until I get to my room. I've tried ignoring him and going to the kitchen to make dinner but he's relentless. He just won't stop barking at me. And my roommates are doing everything a good dog owner would do. They're yelling at him, trying to get him to calm down, but it doesn't get through to the dog at all. All he is focused on is constantly barking at me. Nothing else.  

What really sucks is that my roommates and the dog are always in the living room right next to the kitchen. The dog is down there from 7AM to 1AM average. I can't go and make an egg without being harassed by this stupid fucking dog. So I've sadly resorted to cold canned food. And I'm a chef. And it's hurting my soul. Fuck Winston. You're the only dog I've ever hated. 
Frodo!!!
O-M-G That cute face!
Made me smile C:
Wiener dog!
I like your shoes.
I love that little smile. ❤️
Omg I'm getting this dog
They're too cute!!!
Dogs don’t deserve us smh 
I know few humans who are as sweet and nice as these dogs. 

They are not treated as nicely though. 
Humans created dogs (breeding, etc) so of course we deserve them. ;)
He reminds me of Itchy!
Sweet smile
That dog is a keeper. They all are.
Doxies are soooo affectionate and loving.
Source: have 2 of the babies
^but ^we ^made ^dogs
After the week I've had.... I totally deserve my dogs. 
It seems most dogs disagree with that, go figure. 
I love this dog
Ok, my heart just melted...
Miniature dachshund owner, can confirm.
My goal is to own a minidauchound (I probably butchered the spelling) and name him Schnitzel within one years time.
OH! puppy puppy puppy! With puppy I shall play!
[removed]
He looks like a little super-villian who's hypnotizing his owner with disney-eyes, to execute his masterplan of dominating the sausage-supply and couch-permissions. Really sweet.
I love dogs 
Dude, that looks like a cartoon
speak for yourself, i want that
I freaking love dachshunds. 
Are you sure this was not edited with Photoshop? It is unrealistically cuuuute! It's as if someone would see this face before dying it would be like going to sleep for waking up in better times...
Just spent 2 hours looking at dachshund rescue pages.  Thanks reddit!
I love him!!!!!
Imagine a dog that would fight a lion, to protect you.  This dog, a Boerboel, will fight to the death to protect you.  From lions.

http://www.petwave.com/Dogs/Breeds/Boerboel/Personality.aspx
Hmmm...since God made them for us, I do believe we are deserving.   :) 
We created dogs.
We made them, so we do deserve them.
This photo reminds me of the movie "Open Season!"
OMG so cute
"Mr. Weinie!"
Good little doodle
Clearly dogs think we deserve them.
I'd pick that dog up in an instant and keep it over me while spinning, as if was in a movie.
So cute!!
dogs are our best friend, forever!
I was humped for 10 minutes straight by a poodle. Some dogs we deserve, others we don't.
I think I just died from cuteness overload
Oh, you!
Doggie's paws looking like Wolverine's claws. Tiny versions.
Just the smile means it was meant to be. ☺️
Yes we do.
Are you ready to go dig some holes?
That's not just a cute face the dog is making, that dog's adding layers of sweetness 
u/reebeckaberg baby det är max 😂😂😍😍
Jerry in dog form 
So precious 
You should change that title from Dogs to Animals
Wtf, that has to be one of the cutest dogs I’ve seen
Best critters that ever walked the earth. 
AAAAAAHHHH! The cuteness! I can’t take it!
I didn’t think it was possible to weaponize cuteness. 
Not sure if anyone has commented but I sure hope this dog isn’t chained up for too long. 
You’ve got a friend in me
/r/GirlsMirin 
Mine shit and vomited everywhere last night into this morning, half the time I didn't even know which end what I was cleaning up came from. After all the food and love I provided REEEE
Awww
I have those same shoes also that dog is adorable.
Mainly because we bred them so much until they became walking limousines.
Incredible. 
That dogs face cracks me up every time I look at it. 
This is an cute pic 

Is this dog that vicious that you walk him on a chain instead of a leash? : )
Of course we do. We made them.
Yup. That's why we made them. 
I can only assume that master is the kindest and most appreciable human being in current existence. Those eyes don't lie.
"Thanks for letting me hump your leg, Kevin".
Looks straight out of a pixar movie!
finally someone put it in writing 
That dog is smirking
He looks so sweet 
Nah we don't deserve kitties
thats wierd considering they wouldn't exist if it wasn't for us.
Well we made them, so...
Ironic that the weiner dogs don't have enough meat on them like st. bernard do.
Ahhhh! Dat smile! 
I mean, dogs are only like that because we have removed any scarcity or danger from their lives so I would say it's a fair trade.
We don't deserve humans never mind 
I really like how the dogs smile, I wish I can have one
Dogs exist because of humans. 
This picture makes today better 
Of course we don't deserve them, If only they found out what we did to them. Years and years of careful selective breeding and genetic engineering to build the ultimate pet.
I want to wake up to this picture every day. It would make everything better.
those eyes are bigger than my future
This is so adorable! Such a great little being!
>breed wild animals until they are submissive serving and loving

yeah we deserve them tbh
That look is priceless. 
/u/blindsniperx
Agreed, i threw mine away yestetday because he didnt deserve me
https://img.cinemablend.com/filter:scale/quill/7/a/3/6/f/d/7a36fd4944f3c39579465f8f5437843d20eca612.jpg?mw=600
With that smile makes me think this is what Michael J Fox would look like if he was a Dachshund instead of an American Bulldog.
Awwww pets are the best things in the whole world :)
We don't deserve dogs. Dogs deserve us!
Are those the hightop models?
That smile made my entire life
Adorable 
Well. We made them 
Of course. Bred into this world for love and some for status, and they are  disease prone because of the breeding. 
That look of innocence, absolutely priceless.
We created dogs. Of course we deserve them 
Dachsunds... god bless them. Love the small sausages!
Look at the pure love that pupper has for you in its eyes
Oh look. An animal that symbiotically evolved to please us. 
We don't 
That is sooooo fucking cute!
 I wish I was half as happy as this dog 
Pretty sure I deserve my dog, but sure.
nobody deserves anything

everything is a privilege
I like small weenies
I fucking hate when people keep saying this.
Didn't we kinda make dogs though?
Actually we do deserve dogs. What kind of statement is that. In fact they can’t survive without us. What because they’re happy all the time? Stop being sad about nothing.
This is so pure!!! We have all come across so many pups, but when I see pictures like this, it brings me so much happiness!!! HOW IS HE EVEN REAL 
So cute 
But we basically created dogs.
That's the same smile my ugly Chihuahua has :)
I got bit by an overprotective guard dog last month and had to get rabies shots,  but I still love dogs and always will.  :)
What an adoring look the little one is giving its human. Baeautiful 
Dey is such good boo boos! 
God I hate when people say this shit, like we didn't breed them to love us.
Why wouldn't we deserve them? If it weren't for us, they wouldn't be them.
Couldn't agree more with the caption!  Beautiful!
Well, we did create them.
so cuteee
Dobby loves your jeans Harry Potter
No, no we don't. 
G 
What a GOOD BOY <3<3<3
I don't deserve mine for sure
you're evil.  I had to move away from my dog and leave her with family and I havent seen her for about a year and a half now.  This made me think of my baby girl.
Well we kind of do because I feed my dog steak, in the wild it would be eating shit. (Literally)
u/wizardofpawswildlife
Hope that red collar isnt choking him
Hehe what a good boy 😙🐶
That dog is a good boy 
I have those same vans 👌
100%
Mirin
We created them. We literally earned them. We 100% deserve them.
im pretty sure i do
This dog looks like a Disney character!
I think dogs get to decide that, not us.
Dogs disagree, they think we are awesome.
He looks exactly like my dad!
Yes we do.
My kid gives me the same look
Any chances this is South Africa?
omg i'm in love 
A lot of people do deserve it, that's why there are so many nice dogs to begin with! 
They deserve human
THAT is adorable, just such a sweet face.  I want to kiss that dogs face off.
What’s this “we” shit
😍😍😍
i do. dont know about the rest of yal 😂
Yes. We do 
But they deserve us.
Please tell me his name is Rusty...

Of course we do. We made them
I like dogs but it seems like everyone has one these days. It's getting ridiculous.  Prob be there are to many people tho
We need them, God knows some us need that love and support, without them it would be sooo difficult to understand love in its fundamentals.
this is my favorite post in the entire world 
r/photoshopbattles
This wiener has the cutest smile. 
NEIH,,, YEAH???
What a good boy. 
of course we do, they are here to serve us
“It’s not about deserve, it’s what you believe.” -Wonder Womam
Those puppy dog eyes! 😭
Ya we do, we bred them to love us...
He has bacon
HIS FACE!!!
Hey owner. You could totally send this pic to a lady you fancy, followed by the message 'Unsolicited picture of my wiener.'
If Kim Jong Un has a doggy the world would be a better place 😂
A few days ago, my dog Kayley (the cutest Rottweiler/Pit Bull/German Sheppard mix) passed away. She was an angel, and I miss her so much. You have no idea how right you are. We really don’t deserve dogs. They can be so sweet and selfless.
This looks like my dog 
Omg I just died.
Awww
"you are mine" so cute
We don't deserve dogs, but dogs we need.
I think this every single day. Such pure, benevolent souls too good for our bullshit. 
Aww... hey buddy what's up I wish *I* could scratch your head!
Oh buddy 
awww, i love wiener dogs:)
OMG. I need this puppy!
I've been saying exactly that for years. Neither do we deserve elephants.
Looks like you got the good ear spot 
So true
This is unbearably cute.

Also holy shit 116k karma?  
Sure we do! Certain people don't deserve dogs, I do everything I can for my dogs because I love them. 
Why was he chained up outside? 
As has been said 6 times before, hope your day will be reunited one day.
lol ya we give them a life of captivity.
Wait why not
Apparently not since we took perfectly healthy dogs and turned them into this shot-legged abominations because "they look cuuute heehee!".


[removed]
This dog is ugly
Damn he ugly af
That's a freak of nature. What if I bred a human being so that it had the legs of a 3 year old as an adult and the arms of a sloth?
More like we shouldn't breed little freaks with inbred health issues
Dog mirin 
That’s a good dog. 1 million treats
Reminds me of the cat from shrek
FUCK! I feel like I just got diabetes from seeing this sweet picture. Is that dog from a Disney movie?! Geez!
Slinky anyone?
we deserve derps. 
mother of god... (cuteness aggression intensifies)
I think dogs are here to remind us that life is awesome! I look at mine every day and am super thankful to be a part of their lives!
We made them tho! I say we do 
My heart!! 
nice dog,,,,!!!
Oh my heart!
We're not worthy
Good boye and he knows it.
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
No we don’t😭😍
Speak for yourself, hooman
I do!
Good doggo
Daschhunds are the best.
Especially wiener dogs.
Who’s a good boy!?
AH! MY HEART!
Speak for yourself!
Some of us do
Not just a good boy, the B E S T B O Y E
i can't stand when people say we don't deserve dogs. so stupid.
"I love you too, Hooman" 
I love doggos so much.
Poor little guy is chained up :(
This dog made me feel so happy. Dogs are so pure, and we need to protect them. 
Straight up Pixar doggie 
For real, they're the most chill creature ever
holy....shit that face....PLEASE GIVE THIS DOG ALL OF THE EVERYTHING

You are correct...we do not deserve them. 
We spent a few millennia making that thing.  Mankind put a lot of effort into dogs.  You may not deserve dogs, but mankind earned that reward.

That's not to say that I don't understand what you mean, only that I believe reward should be given where reward is due.
You don’t 
we created dogs
ORIGINAL POST by @alvssajasmine on twitter...... Redditors, we can do better than to steal content from twitterers. they're the ones supposed to be stealing from us!! give credit where credit is due.
I still have the theory that dogs are not from earth... I mean just look at that creature.
Amen on that title

Edit: Fuck you, Reddit
[deleted]
That is the smile of a dog that did something bad and is trying to get away with it.  It's working.
What a great looking pupper 
"I Wuv U."
such a cute pupper oh my!
We really dont. Dogs and elephants are creatures too noble for such a crappy planet
meanwhile in China...
[removed]
Here's the damn thing. There are so many damn good dogs. So many damn good breeds. I want one, then the next, then the next, and the next, then the damn next. 

Do we have a doggy/human DNA test we can submit so we know we'll be truly on point? 
Awwwwww 😊😀
That look! Melt my friggin’ heart.
This dog poses for Disney movies.
V GOOD BOY!
This one made me audibly "awww", while sitting here in a public restroom. That is a very good boy
OH MY LORD
Idk I felt pretty deserving rescuing my dog from someone who definitely DID NOT deserve her. 
Agreed, we don't deserve dogs...We do deserve cats tho.
*running down the stairs to pet my two doges*
Didn’t I see this with the exact same caption on Twitter? Before this? 
I cleaned up the photo: https://imgur.com/a/Avau5
He's begging to be let off his chain 😕
No! you don't deserve dog. I am a good boi, I deserve dog.
💗💗💗
Awe cute 🐶 
Oh my goodness
it's the smile... 
Dachshunds are the best little yippy bastards. Such a good boy. 
He's saying "Please take this chain off of me you ass hat".
🅱O R K
Of course we deserve dogs. That's like drawing a pretty picture of a flower and then you start to beat yourself up because you don't deserve to have such a nice picture. We created dogs from the ground up, we originally had wolves which is what we "deserved" because it just happens to be another species that was thrown into the mix with our ancestors on this planet. We moulded and shaped wolves and transformed them into doggos through a laborious effort of will (which is pretty amazing in its own right considering how rare it is that governments can enact a policy that spans even one administration change, let alone multiple generations). Doggos as we know them today are our creation - the statement that we don't deserve to have doggos would be coherent if doggos had chosen us, but they didn't, doggos don't exist in the wild. Doggos were built by our hand - how can a creator not deserve its creation? How can an artist not deserve his own art? How can a mother not deserve her own child? How can mankind not deserve doggo? 

anyway, that doggo is absolutely fuckin adorable 
[deleted]
