Your dogs are super photogenic lol great shot!
I am more impressed that you managed to get a good picture of not just one, but *three* little ghosties! 
[Hope they have a happy Halloween!](https://i.imgur.com/y2uBsc0.jpg)
I don't see any dogs. Only *SpOoKy GhOsTs*
Wait, is your dog's name Braille? That is terrific. 

Edit: forgot a letter
Editing again because I am an idiot and it was right the first time 
Well OP if you'd kindly give him some eye holes he wouldn't be blind anymore!
I really hope you didn't give the blind dog one of the costumes with eye holes...
[deleted]
"This is fine."
How did you get a jack to dress up and sit still! Good for you lol
Our naym are ghost

An wen is dark

We flot around

We do a bark
So he doesnt get eye holes? :(
His bark’s worse than his sight 
our naym is dogs
we lyk to scare
and if you cry
we do not care

we ar the ghosts
its really neat
thomas is blind

we wear the sheet
The orange one in the corner?
That dog could pull off a sick Vicar Amelia. 
 Can you just glue googly eyes on his costume? 😱
[deleted]
OP I want an updated picture of doggo with lots of treats to make me feel better :(
Do your other dogs realize the dog is blind? If so, how did you teach them? Asking because our dog is partially blind now and we are fostering a dog for a few weeks that keeps running into her on the expectation any dog seeing her running straight at them that fast will definitely move.
I was having a kind of shitty day when I opened this thread. I am now smiling like a lunatic and in a much better mood!

Does Braille bark? If so, does it sound like you would expect? Such a good doggo!! :D
[Blind doggos](https://i.imgur.com/NDd4qaU.jpg) are best doggos :) 
I’m also a proud owner of a blind pupper! Say hello to my handsome [Kash!](https://imgur.com/a/JW82g) 
I must have my man period because I felt the "aww" in my bones looking at this picture.  
I feel sad for your blind dog :(!!! Please tell me he is a happy chappy!
https://i.imgur.com/t2Ed8ga.gifv
"What a cute photo on my front page. Hey, that looks like a Radler photo! Oh, isn't Radler's dog's name Braille? Oh, that's because Radler posted it."

Amazing picture, as always. :)
The sp00kiest of them all!
Braille is his name? I like it :)
Ghost Dogs!

(The Way of the Samurai) 
I don’t comment much, but this made me smile, then laugh, then continue to smile. Thanks!
This really is a great photo. I don't know why. But everything works in this photo. Op should frame this and hang it up
What kind of dogs are they? Looks like a Jack Russell on the left but what breed is the blind one?
The small orange one on the left?
Is he Clayton Bigsby?
Op, going through your post history reveals you really love your dogs. Please keep being an awesome person.
Trick question! All 3 are in fact stuffed because there is no way you can get 3 dogs to sit still enough for a picture once you put something on their heads /s
This is the sweetest thing ever 
[deleted]
I can't tell, because all the cuteness here blinded ME
This is too pure. We do not deserve this. 
Makes it so much better that he/she is kinda smiling
They all are, because love is blind and they all love you.
3rd dog:


"I mebbe blind, but 'least I still have my sense of smell and hearing. Wait, what dis going over head? Ah well, good job I have insane doggo-grade smell capabilities. I accept this"


Dogs are fucking awesome.
The jack Russel is adorable!
Is it the little orange fella in the corner? He looks happy.
Yay!  I knew this was you /u/radler470 💕
None of your dogs are blind the one with no eye holes just has really really good vision and can see through the sheet!
I’m having a shitty day and this definitely brightened it up. Thank you.
Looks like a bunch of KKK9s
Trick question, they're all blind!!
He has such a serious face :D You should've gave him some eye holes, poor fella!
The right! haha
The one wearing white after Labor Day?
he should have gotten googly eyes
Can I guess which one of your dogs is cute? ALL OF THEEEEEM
3rd Dog Blind... Wasn’t that a band?
I laughed so hard at this and shared it with my office. Perfect.
The orange one ? 
spooky boy’s!!
the far right one probably
Did you train your other dogs to help guide your blind dog? Our oldest is going blind and he just runs into everything 
I was having a crummy sort of morning... Not anymore! 😊 Please pet them for me ❤️
Is it the orange one ? 
you know how blind people wear sunglasses? I wonder if a cover is beneficial to blind dogs...
Hi Braille! <3
Do the other dogs know he is blind?  Do dogs have the ability to recognize disabilities in other dogs?
The orange one 
Can probably see better with its nose than we can with our eyes. 
This is the first time I can remember that I simultaneously laughed and cried.
They are doing me a frighten! 
This is actually a bamboozle isn't it? The blind boye is the smol one on the left. 
My guess is the one that's sees everything. 

Haven't read thread. Has he/she been blind long, is it age related degenerative?  Did his/her other senses increase in sensitivity?

If these are answered below, ignore me. I just woke up. 
I love Braille! I have [two Aussies](https://i.imgur.com/1xWlK2C.jpg) of my own and have been following Keller for a while and definitely had to follow Braille after seeing the two of them together.
I wish my dogs were that photogenics :'(
I can guess which dogs have an owner who loves and cares for them.  Cheers.
I can.  But it’s impossible to guess which one loves the best! 
If this ain’t the cutest thing I ever did see
My life is complete
Happy doggaween! Great pic.
I laughed so godamn hard at this that I cried.
That shot made me lol and I'm sitting alone on my couch. Gotta love dogs!!
Good baby dogs!! 💕😘🐶
Oh no. Its the KKK9
Klu Klux Kanines
Daredoggo
It's a little-known fact, but dogs actually start to lose most of their vision when they turn 2 years old if the owner is not cautious. Most of you dog owners understand that after a puppy grows up and becomes a dog they settle down considerably. You may just attribute this to dogs being like us in which as a person matures they want to play less. Actually, it is due to a dog losing most of its vision as soon as it hits two years old. The reason being the cornea of a puppy is actually extremely sensitive to sunlight. If you let your dog outside to go to the bathroom, take walks, or even just play in the yard, then you are putting its eyes at extreme risk. PETA actually recently issued a warning to dog owners to keep their dogs inside of the house and train them to use litter boxes rather than risking their vision by letting them roam in the danger of the sun's rays. So, responsible dog owners, PLEASE keep your puppies inside until they are at least 5 years old and their eyes are more mature and less susceptible to blindness. So it is more than likely that all 3 of your dogs are partially blind.
The pumpkin
Good one!
This is fine
They are such good sports!!
Is it the one without eye-holes?
adorable!! Ghosts pups ftw
Middle dog!!! <3
I wonder if these costumes would double function as a thunder shirt.
My money on the pumpkin 
I don't see any blind dogs.  Only curtain dogs.
4spooky5me

they're all color blind
All of them?
Awwww put some googly eyes on him!
/u/radler470 are they/you nice to him?
Sorry I don't see disabilities 
OMG, they're adorable!

I’m guessing it’s the dog in the picture frame on the back wall.  
That dog is just being smart, if it can't see the ghosts, it can't be scared by the ghosts. *thinking guy meme here*
I love the one to the right!
The 1 in the middle
I've never seen a double gold before
Do you know that if a human had the same vision as a dog, they would need a guide dog. 
Cutting some ear holes for Braille would've made this pic even more cute than it already is :3
This is so, so cute
The first 2 ones since they can't even see throught a white thin sheet, the right one has it's normal enhanced vision.
Do blind animals know that all of the other ones have sight or no?
my dogs would have torn those to shreds lol
put little halos on them, too so they can be Boo Dog Saints
Blind dog needs ear holes 
Hello from CIPYD! I thought someone had stolen a picture of your pups for a second, glad to see I was wrong! 😉
The orange one all the way to the left.
That's simple. The orange colored dog is blind.
The one on the right
Why do dogs go blind so often? 
Have you tried taking the sheets off his face?
The dog in white. 
"How **dare** you cover up your poor dog's eyes"


 - Random person, on Trick or Treat night
OP is it the one that you didnt cut eye holes for?
All of them?

I mean, white after Labor Day? Gah-ross.
the pumpkin?
Its the one you didn't cut eye holes for
I'm gonna go with the first dog...the second can see and the third dog  can clearly use the force...
I can also guess which ones are gonna trip on their costumes. 
Holy T shirts! Great Halloween picture! Treats for All!
He should have gotten ear holes instead. :)
Melts my heart 
But...where r the dogs ??
I don't know how to put into brief wording but you caring a blind dog and being his/her eyes is priceless! What an amazing and inspiring individual you are !! I wish we'd be neighbor and would take a walk together !! 
What dogs?
I am scared OP. Very scared.
What? I don't see anything?
I can’t see them.  They must be ghosts.
I see a JRT schnozzle!
The Three Amighosts 
I can't be the only person thinking this would be sweet album art, right?
Read this as “Can you guess which one of these dogs is mine?”, began laughing because that’s how any of my crazy animals would stand out. Then reread the title...I’m an idiot. Great pic, they’re beautiful. Thank you for this:)
"I got a Milkbone!"

"I got a rawhide stick!"

"I got a rock..."
I felt bad giggling but this is so damn cute 
Blind one also looks like the only one enjoying halloween.
Omg greatest most adorable picture I've seen today. 
I just found this on reddit: https://www.reddit.com/comments/3ea6on?sort=confidence

Is this something your dog could use? 
spook warning next time pls :c
Can't tell I need another Pixel to be sure. 
Is it the pumpkin?
S P O O P  Y   S C A R Y   D O G G O S

I've been having a really anxiety-filled crappy day and I just want to thank you for sharing this. This made me laugh and smile and its made me feel loads better. Happy HOWL-o-ween :D
Yes
I'm gunna guess the middle one! 
I don't know why, but they remind me of Ed Ed'n Eddy. 
Is it the middle one?
The 4th on from the left?
The left one, of course.
That pup has to be confused as fuck right now
The orange one? 
It's the orange one on the left, right?
The orange one on the far left?
Not sure, they all look like drapes to me. 
the one with the nose in the sleeve 

Specter Dogs 

Probably the one that can't see because his eyes are covered by cloth.
There are no dogs. I got bamboozled again. 
https://www.lethalwhites.com/doublemerle.html
SpOOpy 
It's like that movie with Forest Whitaker... Ya know Platoon. 
No
The orange one? He’s cute. Shame that he’s blind though
The one that cant see?
*In an "I don't see race" voice* No, I don't see sightedness 
Left one doesn't understand why you're doing this to him, was he bad? He's sorry.
Left
He's the only one with pink marks all over his nose too. Is that from running into walls or just natural coloring?
He’s saying “hey, how do I look?”
The orange one?
The pumpkin looking one?
Wow we've evolved from top posts are dogs in costume or disabled people in costume, to disable dogs in costumes. Reddit moves fast this week
haha thats so cute
The one on to the left?
Left one. you made him blind. haha
Too much cute. 
the orange one
The tall one?
Hear no evil, see no evil.
The pumpkin  
No way to know off of this picture. Need more info. 
The orange one. 
I don't see anything 
"Damn...I can't see fucking shit outta this thing!"
The one behind the camera.
Well all of them are color blind
Yes I can guess..
The little orange one on the left? 
The orange one!
What dogs?
He still looks like he’s having a great time regardless.
The one on the right!
The pumpkin.
the middle one?
Is it the ghost one
“Cant see fucking shit out of this thing!”
Oh cheesus,  that's a hard question... 

Hummm... The orange one is the blind dog!
Buh-Liiiiinnndd!
The one that cant see!
Currently? The one on the right. 
This is precious. 
you used the wrong witch
Those are the three most behaved Sheet Tzu's I have ever seen.
Lol
Call of Doggies: Ghosts
Trick question. All of them.
I'm trying to imagine dressing up my Anatolian livestock guardian dog like that. :-) I don't think she would have it. 
spoopy
I had a friend who had a blind, deaf, 3 legged dog. Some sort of Sheppard. Coolest dog ever. 
should've put ear holes for the blind dog
Run away
Now it's Halloween
Shave your head and burn your sheets
Evil could be right next door
What do blind dogs believe?
I don't want to know
I got a bone!

I got some peanut butter!

I got a rock...
Perfect opportunity for googly eyes.
Never thought about it--Do blind ghosts not get eye holes?
Vicar Amelia
Educated guess: I think it's the one on our right. The clue is to notice that the blanket covers its eyes, which leads one to believe that it wasn't able to see in the first place.
The middle one?
What camera shoot this photo?
Is it the orange one?
ٍSo cute ;)
No, I can't
The third dog is blind
My dog is blind too. He hates any type of restriction that isn't a collar. He'd lose his shit over this. He'd shake himself right into the sofa/wall, trying to get this off. 
AHHH!!! Death by cutenesss!
First I laughed. Then I was sad. Now I'm wondering if she uses the force to go around. Now I'm in the mood for watch Star Wars.
Ghoulie Puppers
"Confess" 
How has no one said anything about vicar Amelia yet
omg! stop it! so cute!
That is really cute. Clever idea. 
We have three too and one is blind, we are going to put Googly eyes on him. He has had both eyes removed.
It’s a trick question these are not dogs these are ghosts.
Blind ghosts are the best
Aww!!
Simple costumes are the best!  Nice shot.
That's not a blind dog, that's Vicar Amelia!
Trick question. They’re all colorblind. 
/s
Cure dots👻👻👻

No, but all three are possible KKK members.
Maybe he wouldn't be blind if you didn't cover his eyes..
ahahaha so cute
I’m only blinded by their cuteness.
10/10 for Vicar Amelia cosplay doggo
If you look good enough there is a good skele boi hiding
come on fromsoft, one amelia I can deal with but this is just straight up cheese
If he wasn’t before he is now
You're blocking his ears. Tey help him "see".
Daredevil would’ve been an equally cool costume
*Are you kidding me?! I'm blind!*
The one on the right. 
Dog on the background picture
I bet they bark like crazy when they see black dogs
Boofers.
the cute orange one to the left
!isbot radler470
The small one
Reminds me of Vicar Amelia for some reason.... playing too much BloodBorne lately
You know Casper the ghost ?  Well I'm Jasper the spook
The left two. The right one's vision is obviously so good that his/her eyes need to be covered in order to withstand the brilliance of our world. 
Is it the one dressed as a pumpkin?
The one with the stick and dark glasses obviously 
All of them, it is a trick question
The middle one.
Where are the dogs?  I see ghosties!  Goodest bestest ghosties too.  
So, you're his seeing eye human? 
DareDog
the one on the left, the orange one
the one on the left duh
The small one
The one that can't see
The short orange one on the very left?
The short orange one on the very left?
That was an easy gold. 
All of em. 
Mine
Mizaru!
Cute!
I don't know how to break this to you, but I think all three of your dogs are dead...
The orange one?
How do we know if he was blind or just couldn’t see?
All of them. All three of your dogs are blind. 
:)) no dogs in here
Happy Halloween!
You ever think, that maybe if you wouldn't forget to cut holes in his costume, that maybe he would be able to see?
BooOoooOOoork!
[Boo, Motherfucker!](https://religion.ua.edu/blog/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2016/08/ghostdog.jpg)
Death
The orange one on the left?
I am guessing the one on the right.

I mean after all he does have no eye holes.

Put some eye holes in and he will not be blind. 
BOOOOOOOOOFFF
I only see cats
Trick question
r/ImGoingToHellForThis
Far left?
What dogs? are you talking about that pumpkin? I don't think that's a dog.
Uhhhh... the middle one?
The one in the middle
Trick question. Correct answer is, The wife 
/r/funnyandsad
The small one for sure
Ghost Dog: Way of the Pupper.
Why is Vicar Amelia in your house?
Is it the middle one?
He wouldn't be if you cut eyeholes in his costume.
The orange one
I guarantee that the dog on the left is blind.
One is a pumpkin.
Is it the orange one?
The orange one isn't looking too good. 
lol awweeee puppies <3
It's probably the one that's not there because, well you know it's blind and didn't know where to be? :)
Your partner that made the costumes?

^^apologies, ^^couldn't ^^resist.
Last one obviously
2 sPoOpy 4 me
The middle one?
Middle.
Permanently or just currently? 
I was just thinking how a Daredevil costume for a blind doggo would be awesome last night because I was trying to think of something that would be funny for my deaf dog that took advantage of his deafness. Thought of nothing except for Daredevil. Which I could not do to him.
The one in the middle.
an unknown third party is the blind dog
The one that's blind
Is it the small one? 
I’m disappointed that you didn’t go for hear/see/speak no evil
The one on the left?
I love my pups. This makes me happy. 
3 boos

The orange one
The one reading braille with his right paw?
The orange one!
The orange one. 
A young Vicar Amilia!
OH I KNOW I KNOW! ITS THE ONE IN THE PICTURE ABOVE THOSE THREE DOGS!
Is it... the fourth one on the far left?
The Orange one on the left, so cute
The small one.
Is it the orange one on the left
Bloodborne 2 dlc boss leak??
the blue one
The blind one.
S P O O K E D x3
Is it the middle one?
I got a popcorn ball. I got a candy bar. I got a rock
Yeah, I'm guessing the orange one made out of plastic.
    undernith my sheet
    i can hear and smel ur breath
    and tho i cant see a peep
    i can feel u luv me and i luv u to death

    i don mean to S P O O K u with this veil
    when im with u i can't stop waggin my tail
    i can't see a peep but i can do a mlem
    and tho u tell me to stop i know u like them

    i wag my tail when i smell ur breath
    hooman i hope u know i luv u 2 death.

    – doggo
The orange one on the left
Assuming it's a trick question, one of the two on the left.
Um... The middle one?
Yeah, you covered his head. How’s a dog gonna see outta that??
"Nobody can see me now, I know it". 
You keep a Ghost Cerberus as a pet? You're a terrifying individual.
Not all ghost doggo's have eye holes...
All of them
The middle one
Uhhh... the middle one?
your Dog is awesome But I think first one is blind right now 
the one on the left looks like its  from the movie fantastic mr. fox
I sincerely hope that you could otherwise that's some confused pooch
No legs!
Aww, they're so cute!
Well OP if you'd kindly give him eye holes he wouldn't be blind if you cry we do not deserve this.
Him's haz his sniffer, not blind in dog world! 


So it is possible that the blanket covers its eyes, which leads one to the bathroom, take walks, or even just play in the taking of this photo.
I’m disappointed that you didnt cut eye holes he wouldn't be if you don't want the Eye Hole Man to kick his ass
Oh shit it's the dog kkk... Hide the cats!
Maybe it wouldn't be blind if you cut it some eye holes too
A double Merle.....is she/he also deaf? 
The one with the double Merle gene combo? Love the costumes!
The orange doggo
"buut daaad, why are we doing this?"
I think I'd have cut eye holes for all of them, so they looked like a 'group' of ghost dogs - all equal. Cute photo, very cute doggos.
Poor puppers got a rock!
Spooky doggo # 3 
S P O O K I E B O Y E S
Maybe he's not blind, you just keep putting a sheet over his eyes :P
Cant see fuckin shit out these holes
The pumpkin 
H A U N T E D B O Y E
Blind? They're all deaded!!!!
left boye ofc
All 14/10.
whose a spooky boi? 
i love doggos
The ugly one
Well, he's obviously blind since you put cloth over his eyes. /s
 Blind doggo please upvote
AAAAAAAAAAAA THIS IS TOO SCARY MARK NSFW PLEASE AAAAAA WHERE IS CLOSE TAB?
KKK-9's?
They look like they're in the kkk.  If the kkk were super cute.
Since when did the dogs join the kkk
Owo
What are they part of the kkk
Reading these threads reassures me that I am not a dog person, nor am I a dog-person person. Happy Halloween all the same though!
Microaggression!!!
Kkk9
Clan dogs?
Your wife?
Ooh next year you should make them all X Men costumes so he could be a Cyclops doggo! 
Dogs, what dogs? I don't see any dogs. Hey, who closed the lights here? Hello!...Oh shit!!
I, too,once had a dog that didn't like black people
Kkk9
The one that sticks its paw inside the glass as it fills it up.
The obvious answer is the one on the right... But this is the internet and that's too easy... therefore the second most likely one to pick is the left one as it's the farthest a way from the first (this is where most people would fall for the trap)  ... furthermore,  the only logical choice is the middle one! 
Is it the pumpkin?
The one without eyes? 
The little orange Trump one, all the way on the left?
Left.
Just FYI its 2017, someone is going to accuse you of making Klan costumes for your dog....just a heads up.
Justice is blind?
Ku Klux Klan racist dogs.
Dressing your dogs as members of the KKK is not cool man

/s
they look very sad,why u do this besides of reddit karma? its not funny when they look depressed and they dont get the halloween stuff anyways since there are animals and coculdnt care less
Cats>>> Dogs
Go to www.cultureclassicc.com to get your Classic T-SHIRT
Dogs can join the Clan?  Who knew?!
Do these dogs know their in the kkk? 
Kkk
What KKKind of breed are those dogs by the way?

Do they happen to be KKK 9s?
Can I guess which of your dogs are klansmen? 
Reeeeeeee kkk dogs!!!! Reeeeeeeee
Your mom?
omg literally dressing up dogs like KKK \#fuckthealtright
The ugliest 
Well we know they are all racist...
This sub is stupider than youtubes fake trending page.
Klan dogs 
Everyone knows dogs don't like black people, but...this is a little much....
But all racist!

K, K, and K
Not cool. Only dress dogs up as kkk if you’re going hunting.
These right wing extremists have gone too far 
Doggo KKK
KKK dogs?
Wow,  KKK dogs? Just wow. You're disgusting. 

-SJW downy
[deleted]
When there's a watermark so he basically got 85k updoots and two golds from a repost

(I think)
[removed]
all of them, you purposfully blinded them for this reddit post
That's just mean, not cute.
Wrong hole?
Why are your dogs in the KKK?
