Enjoy your new litter.
I can't believe a parent would sacrifice their daughter to feed shelter puppies, but I guess it must be done. At least she seemed to be happy in her last moments. 
Talking from experience a pack of puppies can and will take down an adult.

LPT: do NOT crouch down around large groups of pups,  you will inevitably end up on the ground with noses and tongues in more places than you can defend. It is the most adorable hell I have experienced. 
"She has the key! Get her!"
That child is radiating happiness. 

You're a horrible parent if you don't print this, frame it, and put it up on a wall somewhere to look at for the next fifty years.
Can I volunteer there too?
Well, now you have to adopt all of them now. She is the Queen of their pride!
Thanks OP for making my day happier today
Does anyone else see the face made of blankets on the left
Edit: Holy crap my first gold
[deleted]
Game over man, game over
r/peoplefuckingdying
Wait, there is a person at dog shelters that just feeds puppies... How do I turn that into a self-sustaining career?
I'm a full grown woman and I couldn't withstand the force of all that cuteness.  

Your daughter is a beautiful child.
You should have said "overpupered"
That is just way too adorable, I especially like the one who looks like he's trying to hide behind her.
Oh my god that would be the happiest experience of my life.
Nothing is more joyous in life than being taken down to the ground by a pack of rabidly affectionate puppies.

Its just a cacophony of noses and tongues and paws and ears and it's the best thing ever
This is how I want to die.
LiTtLe GiRl iS mAuLeD tO dEaTh By RaVEnOus hOrdE oF WiLd DoGS
Her reaction says it all. What a nice picture of puppy loving kid and a happy one.
if you've ever experienced a puppy swarm then you know the answer to whether to fight 100 chicken sized horses or 1 horse sized chicken
Just rescued a 3month pittbul mix and can confirm if they want your face they will get it. Adorable.
Drowning in cute puppies. This is how I want to go. 
It's amazing, our bond between dogs and humans. 
Made my day.
Do you want a puppy? Cause this is how you get a puppy.
What a way to die. 
That should be the cover of your Christmas cards! Absolutely precious and priceless!!!! 
The puppies fed well this day.
The last thing you heard was her laughter and the yelps from the puppies. She was never seen again as the puppies dragged her away to play with her for ever and ever. 
7 adorable pups, 1 adorable girl. The adorable factor is overwhelming. 
Next week on The Barking Dead...
Feed some humans to the puppers? It is a truly unusual population control method.
[deleted]
Can't remember the last time I've experienced pure joy like that
Hooman is food. I like food. ATTACK!
She’s living my dream right there. 
Dawwwwwww
OP either already has a dog at home or  will very soon.
This is how I want to die
Why can't I feel the way I should about this image after watching Stanger Things season 2?
A noble death.
Em I the only one to see a face in the blanket? 
a basket of adorables?
RIP.. Rest in puppies
And puppies have that good puppy smell
This is the most pure thing I've ever seen 💗
Best job ever. 
That's her best day ever.

Future vet right there.
This needs a black and white “WASTED” overlay 
Completely doomed. No hope, especially if that bottom pup joins in.

On a serious note, as an animal lover, thank you for introducing your kiddo to helping animals at an early age. <3 
YoUng gIRl FUckInG ToRN ApaRt By RaVenOus PAck OF wOLvEs
Cute...but I was told children can't volunteer until much older, at the very least 10, and even that's not typical. I asked somewhere online how old you could be because I wanted to see if my 7, almost 8 year old, could do that (with one of his parents of course) and was told no he couldn't and literally verbally attacked by like 2 people for even considering it. It was bizarre to say the least but my point is I didn't think young children could volunteer there...
She volunteered or did you volunteer her? 
/r/peoplefuckingdying
r/peoplefuckingdying
Out of curiosity, if you happen to see this comment, how did you get your daughter interested in charity? I just had a son, and I’d love to imagine one day he could be so sweet.
That's how they get you: adorableness.
Rabid pack of hounds smother defenseless child.
this picture is too wholesome, I love you OP. 
That shelter has a lot of puppies!

Maybe it’s just the city I’m in now, but if there is a puppy available, they are gone in a day.
Yo, those puppies make me want to photo crop a bunch of gangster glasses on all the puppies so everyone can see thug life can be cute.
Please tell me there's video....
Death by puppy. 
If I was going to die, being taken down by a pack of puppies doesn't sound to bad. 
/r/peoplefuckingdying would love this
That's so awesome. I didn't learn until I was 23 that I enjoyed volunteering at a shelter until the court ordered me to.
That expression though. Got it Right. 
Meanwhile the towel gets grumpier.
/r/PeopleFuckingDying
If that doesn't out a smile on your face nothing will.
Every kid needs to experience this, damn. Its like 100% pure happiness. Kid is happy, puppies are happy, absolutely guarantee whoever took the picture is cheesing something crazy. Too much joy in one pic.
And then she got pooped on 5 times but didn't care because it was worth it. 
This is how I want to die. 
Off topic, but I wonder if those boots are available in adult sizes because they're really cute.
/r/peoplefuckingdying
Assuming you now have 7 new children in your house?
I hope you took all of them home. No way they can be separated ever again. 
I mean if you have to go this is probably the preferred method. 
So cute! I love how their tails are all fuzzy. There’s a whole lotta wagging going on there?   
Well I’m jealous...
OMG. Very cute
That's how I want to go. 
I can watch this all day 
Everything is perfect here, I hope my day will too 
A baby taken down by multiple babies
Don't worry! its just a flesh wound. 
[deleted]
This is the most heartwarming thing I've seen in a long time really made me smile... thank you! Make sure you treasure this photo of her pure happiness!
Almost fooled me into thinking you helped out a homeless shelter, but then I remembered ew homeless people.
So cute girl and dogs
The puppy hiding behind her lol you can’t see me. 
sadly now, there can be but one outcome...
##JOY##
Good luck not leaving without a puppy!
I can not ever go into a shelter. That would be 7 new puppies for me. 
The real question here is how many of those puppies did you leave with?
No way I could do this, I’d leave with 7 puppies.
Well...sometimes children have to be sacrificed for survival of the human race. Her gain was not in vain. She (and yourself) are greatly awwwwwwed for it. #neverforget #puppylove #adopt
Been there I love my golden she was in a litter of 9 which stayed at my house while my aunt was visiting (picked a good time to visit family) our garage door is still demolished with puppy scratches 
RiP in pieces OP's daughter
someday i wanna be that happy

Puppies are absolutely ruthless with their adorableness.  No mercy.
You fed her to puppies?! What kinda parent are you?
Getting affection like this at this stage of a puppies life can make such a difference in a dogs development.  I know shelter workers do their best but are often so busy.  This makes me so happy to see. 
I kind of feel like all wars could be stopped by puppy bull rush of love! 
Be mad with a bunch of adorable fucking puppies bull rushing you for love an attention! No one is that far gone!
Cute
god damnit thats too cute for a man 
I hope she's aware that after this moment the rest of life will be a pale disappointment, where she ambles along trying to replicate the feeling of her first puppy ambush. 
rip
I love that you can see their tails blurred in excited wagging. 
Aww, what a sweet little princess :)

Much better than my cousins who scream at dogs =_=
Death by puppies
omg. i can't stop looking at it. adorable over 9000 ♥
The pained grimace on her face says it all.
You are witnessing the rare moment where a dog-person is born. No cat will ever even come close 
r/peoplefuckingdying
I can't believe Ramsays own loyal beasts killed him 
This is how I want to go out
RUN FOR YOUR LIVES!!!! ITS THE PUPPY APOCALYPSE!!!!! ALL IS LOST!!!!! ALL HOPE IS LOST TO THE ADORABLENESS!!!!!!!
For a split second after opening this, I thought she was crying. That would have been awful, lol.

Glad she enjoyed the puppies!
So this brings a couple questions to mind:  Is it once a week or a couple days a week?  And is she trying to figure out ways to make it all day every day?
CHiLd eaTeN ALIve by RaBId DoGs 
Having a bunch of puppies crawl on me is on my bucket list.
As someone who has volunteered at a shelter I can tell you that it probably reeked like shit in that kennel. Puppies are insanely cute in pictures but not when you have to deal with the never ending amount of shit they produce.
That is what heaven looks like!!! ❤️
This is adorable but how is she allowed to volunteer there? Every shelter I’ve ever been to only allows 18 and older volunteers. 
Just keep an eye on her. Puppies have very sharp teeth and don't know how to behave like adults... Cute does not equal safe, unless you're in a Disney movie.
Great memories of the ultimate first job being made right their,thanks for sharing.
My favourite part is the Road Runner stuffy.
Ahhh I see why the shelters in my area won't rehome dogs with families with children under 12 years old.......too much cutenesswill ensue
hELpleSs giRL GetS fUCkiNg eATeN AliVE bY ViciOUs puPpERs
“There were no survivors...”
And a career was begun.
This can make any shitty day instantly cheer-able. 
You fed your own daughter to the Puppies?
How can a 3 yr old volunteer
r/peoplefuckingdying
So much cute in one photo! And great job having a kid who volunteers at animal shelters. You’re doing things right. 
Honestly teared up a little at this picture, that’s how sweet it is. 
Will be a great memory. 
Fluff overload. 
She now belongs to them. 
As is Reddit, every day
Sweet :)
Tears of terror and happiness
Rip 
R.I.P.
Such a great shot. That's the look of pure happiness and joy.
This is the most adorable picture I've ever seen! The amount of pure happiness melts my heart ❤️ thanks for sharing!
That is adorable
This is happiness
This is one of those moments you just sit back and say to yourself "man life is good"
Foreal 
Oh my god, this is definitely one of the cutest photos I have ever seen.
Is this it BFHS? Looks just like their corner kennels.
*You Died*
You could make a fortune bringing a room full of puppies to a corporate site and charging people to be attacked by said puppies. 
I feel like the little guy on the right-hand corner just wants some quality snuggles
Those golden wild beasts.... so cute..
I'm sorry for your loss 
Only if I could be so lucky
Tis life. And life can be beautiful, filled with small wonders and gems.
[iNnOCENT ChiLD tOrN tO ShrEds by paCK of SAvaGE CanineS](https://www.reddit.com/r/peoplefuckingdying)
This is pure joy. I love it.
My wife's reaction was "Ohmaigaaaawd! SO CUTE! I wonder if she was in hysterics when she had to leave."
OP, my condolences. So sad to see a loved one die, and i can't imagine what it must've been like for you witnessing your poor girl cuddled to death. May she rest in peace.
This is molten cuteness.

Let c=cuteness
c^100

also

r/peoplefuckingdying

edit: That's funny - it's already there.
Surprised I haven't seen a game over "You Died" shop of this image yet
Leave her. She’s in ~~a better~~ the best place now. 
RIP
Let me guess she wanted too take one home? 
Hope they clean the floors..
Totally not jealous at all...nope. 

...but who am I kidding. Best way to go ever. Smothered by a dozen good boys who were only overjoyed to see me.
C  U  T  E
U
T
E
Over pupered?
I am *not* Cruella De Vil!
I think there was a scene like this in Django Unchained
Such a happy photo. Love 
I'm not sure who's more excited, her or the puppies
I got question,how do u manage or tell your daughter so that she doesn’t insist in taking all the dogs home?
That one puppy in the bottom left seems to be even more smothered than the little girl.
Thank you OP. I'm so pissed off with my local asshole bus driver and this pic made me feel calmer.
Those puppies have to get adopted.  Even more after this pic.
Oh, the humanity!
O gosh that is so heartwarming and uplifting. Thank you for sharing the joy!!!
most happiest moment. ♥♥♥
You want puppies? 'Cause this is how you get all those puppies.
This is how I want to go out. In a blaze of puppies. 
I'm overpowered by adorableness from this picture ❤
They even match!! :)
Adorable.
"it's too late for me!  Save yourself!"
Man I wish I was a child again :/ I will NEVER be as happy as that girl in that moment EVER. Might as well kill myself...
So cute
r/PeopleFuckingDying
What a way to go. 
This is how I want to die.
That one in the corner looks overpowered by camera shyness. 
Oh man your daughter is living in my childhood fantasy. This is great, hope you guys have a great time volunteering, she looks incredibly happy.
she ded :(

rip happykid201
Sign me up! 
I gotta find a shelter to volunteer at, I need this kind of happiness in my life 
This is worth a million bux
We will add your adorableness to our own. You will be assimilated. Resistance is futile. 
The last meal. Lethal injection soon
Please adopt the one on her right tucked right behind her!!!
Just leave her...there is nothing you can do but live on
It's such a great idea to take your kid volunteering with you! When my little one is old enough I think we'll set something up for each month so he gets the experience. It's important for kids' development and for the community. 
Perfection.
You guys are definitely my favorite people on the internet

Everything about this is melting my heart 
Everything beautiful in this world in one image. Thank you!
"Wild hounds brutalize little girl"
That's like my dream
This is therapeutic.
Aw
This is it. This is how I want to die.
Looks like her right ear is either made of sugar or bacon.
RIP, kid. Rest In Puppies
I'm glad and happy for you OP, but seeing this just makes me feel down bc I don't get to see my kids like I want to, and it ducks knowing I'm missing gems like this one. Great pic again OP.
She’s getting attacked where’s the minister of education when u need him the most 
So which one did you take home? I bet she asked if you guys could adopt one. 
Jelly. 
do you want a veterinarian as a daughter, cus this is how you get a veterinarian as a daughter
The cutepocolypse is at hand.
Are you the human I am supposed to bond with for life?
This is how I want to die.  When I'm on my death bed, just send like 20 puppies after me. 
But there fell the titan.....
Gruesome.

Incidentally, is that one at the bottom peeing on her?
Those are pitbulls right?
They look like Pit Bull puppies! 
I don't think I have ever been this happy before. I envy this little girl.
That puppy's nose in the back is getting squished lol
As a 30 year old dad.... I can honestly say I envy your little girl. I would love to be mauled by a swarm of puppies even now.
Puppy on the bottom appears to have mistakened her shoe for a fire hydrant.
And you took  a picture instead of video... BAD PARENT. No cookie for you!
Are those boxers with tails? I had one when I was younger, so I have huge soft spot for them. 
What a beautiful picture! 
No good deed goes unpunished! 🐶
What kind of dogs are those?
I want to volunteer at an animal shelter, but I don't think I can handle it.
Drowning in puppy love!
Don't stop til she get enough.
In love with the one lone puppy burying his head in between her and the wall.
Their collars match her outfit!
She's a goner, just put her down. Have mercy. 
That's pure happiness there. 
She will never be the same. 
Puppy - lanche!!!!
Love this pic
So cute
Be still my heart!!💕💕💕
So SUPER cute!
everyone deserves for this to happen to them at least once in their life

i can't think of being any happier than this
This is how I want to go. 
This is the purest thing on the Internet. Ever. 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Me tooooooo so jealous! 😘 
OMG such a cute and wonderful picture! That's a Kodak Memory....Well if Kodak was still around.
#lifegoals
My life's wishes are now accomplished by your daughter
Aww! I inquired if we can do this at one of our local shelters, but apparently they don't allow kids under 10 to be in contact with the puppies or dogs as volunteers. I was like "but... socialization".... Nope. Not allowed. Needless to say, we were a bit bummed. I'm glad you and your daughter got to have this experience!
I would like to switch places with this girl please. 
And now you guys have seven puppies? (I love this subreddit—shows up with supercutness right when I need it.)
I was always around puppies as a kid. Those are great memories.
Painfully cute
It's a fight I'd lose as well.
sMaLl ChIlD gEtS fUcKiNg MuRdErEd bY pAcK oF WoLvEs 
A blurry tail is a happy as fuck tail
I’m sorry for your loss
Return of the doge!
She is now one with the adorableness. 
Poor little thing is hiding her suffering with giggles and smiles. 
Daww I'd volunteer everyday I'd it were near my place!
There's far too much cuteness for a single picture, you're gonna have to cut this into two or three pictures.
I know it's a good place, but it reminds me of the cell I lived in for a bit. :(
Not on my christian reddit.
gg
That is really so awwww
One of the happiest moment created right there. 
cuteness overload!
*overpupered
cute stuff...:)
Stannis Baratheon is that you?
Do you want Weredog kids? Because this is how you get Weredog kids. 
I'd tap that!
My local shelter wouldn't let me even touch the pups or kitties they had when they learned i was 17. 

I would've signed any and all papers to get clearance to, as would have my parents. I ended up doing office work for them for about six months, then my schedule changed and I couldn't help at all.  

I've been salty since. 
I'm not crying, you're crying!
Don't just stand there with your camera! Do something before the cuteness consumes her!
😂
This injustice must cease. This little girl is being mauled by evil little puppies. You can see her screaming in pain.
r/PeopleFuckingDying
Life goals. Aww. 
I had to comment, because it was at 666 comments and no way that cute pic should be associated with the devil!l-)
That's what pure joy looks like. 
I'd be in the same situation if I was her haha.
Barking up the wrong tree here.
This is just one of the most wholesome pure things I’ve seen.
The best way to be taken down.
Kill squad 
A sacrifice to the gods
I don't wish I could quit my job and go to that. I do like my field of work. HOWEVER, I'd love to have access to take a break to go feed some puppies like this at least once or twice daily!!! 
SMaLL cHiLD geTs ViCIOuSly AttAcKED bY RaBID dOG's
What shelter was this at? I need more pics!
This is the most adorable thing I'll ever see for a long time. The puppos look so happy and she's happy.
Nope, pure weakness mate. Xmas is soon, gift a gym membership 
r/Peoplefuckingdying
It's like a cute zombie apocalypse.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KQzR2wjEMHI
That’s what true happiness looks like 
This image is breathtakingly adorable 
FINISH HER
Looked for a second like she made the ultimate sacrifice to feed those puppers. 
I’m guessing she wanted to take some of the doggies home?
Death by puppy love. That's how I would like to go out.
Not sure if laughing in joy, or crying in fear...
Puppy power!! 😊
This is how i would like to die. Surrounded by cuteness
THANK you for helping and for teaching her the great lessons of volunteering AND helping animals!!!
First genuine smile I've cracked in awhile, thank you. 
This is how I want to die
Aww. <3 A cuddle well-deserved. She's got a heart of gold.
hard to tell who is having a better time, her or the puppies.
Oh my gosh!!

My parents never let us have a dog even though I always wanted one (they both grew up on farms, we lived in the suburbs, they weren't into keeping a dog in a garden all day).

My friend (also neighbour) was getting a puppy and they knew how much I loved dogs, so they brought me with them when they went to pick up the puppy to bring home.

I was taken down by a litter of lab puppies and could not have been happier about it.
Great pic! This made my day.
Orbital strike to eradicate the Zerg.  It’s too late for the colonists.
That is so cute, I love puppies.
Lie my down on the ground and cover me in puppies!!!!
Animal shelters should have anti depression rooms where they just unleash a ton of puppies on the person. 
Does anyone else see a sad face in the towel on the left-hand side of the pic?
Too much cuteness in one photo
Ill just leave this here:
r/peoplefuckingdying
This is how I want to die. Death by adorable.
This is what volunteering is like eh?  I knew it all along.
Is this in Phoenix?
You heartless person, didn't step in to help protect your daughter from such a fearsome attack, just stood back and took photos for worthless internet karma points.

Hopefully your daughter can recover from this incident and find her way to eventually forgive you.
DOGGY DOGGOS. 
DOGGY DOGGY DOGGOS
U r such a wonder parent! Ur daughter looks delighted 
Be careful lest you wind up adopting seven puppies.
7 wieners vs small teen 
Aww
PURE JOY!!!
This just makes me smile 😁 
Looks like heaven!😇👼🐶
My mom just got a couple of Newfie pups and this is exactly how they are. I think they’re like 17 weeks old or so, all they do is jump on top of you and try to lick your face or bite your ears. They’re too much for my older pup.
Puppies over flooded there :) 
Mah hart 

Mah soul 
This is the cutest thing I've seen all day
I want to go to there
All u see in this picture is joy =D
“Is this heaven?”

“No. It’s Iowa.”
I think she is getting eaten.
I don't know, what is actual. but the picture is very charming. I seem your daughter is Canaphilist.
So many puppies! So much cuteness! :3

I bet she had a great time she won't soon forget! :)
I skimmed that, and had to quickly do a double take:

My daughter... local shelter... taken down and overpowered... *by adorableness* 

*whew*
Why are you so big pupper
Because it's like a demigorgan, but also like a dog.
How adorable!
I wish this was a video :(
Gruesome
oh little girl
A basket of adorables
/r/redditgetsdrawn
My condolences 
Puppy breath. Such a delight.
I now know how I want to die
That’s beautiful 
Where do i sign up?????
Thats adorable, also your daughter looks exactly like my niece before she got her hair cut super short.
How many came home with you?
Tragic. Died such a young age 
So cute!
r/me_irl
The dark one in the middle looks like my boxer/great pyranese. She is a big lump.

[PICTURE](https://imgur.com/IwYhSwg)
What happiness looks like
Press F to pay respects
Auto say awwwww when i first see this picture
Thisismylifenow.....
Puppies used cuddle.

It's very effective.

Daughter is paralyzed. It can't move!

May you live the eternal puppiness.
Aw, come on haters.... Its just lickeys and squirms. Nobody was harmed!
To shreds, you say?
The world needed this today.
I hated volunteering at the shelter.  I wanted to take them all!
I wonder what would happen if every single person in the world woke up to a group of puppies attacking them with kisses every morning. 
Whenever I’m feeling down I’m going to look at this picture.
May god be with her
I'm sure so many people have said this but your daughter is adorable and has a very kind soul for volunteering. 

Warms my heart~
omg it's so cute
Officer down we need imediate assistance.....multiple hostiles.....overpowering us.....need.....(static) fall back I repeat....(static)....
I think you broke the internet with this post. 89300 upvoted?!
Another soul lost to the little monsters
Quickly, to r/all
The puppy on her left side looks sad.
SaVAge DoGos  eAT ChILd FOr LUnCh ! 
And you got your daughter out of there without bringing all the puppies home with you? She needs to work on her puppy eyes.
F
I always wonder about these moments and how cute they really are. Puppies bite and bite hard with sharp teeth. Anyone who's played with just one puppy knows how painful it can be.
This kid is living my dream! 
If I knew how to cross post, I’d put this on /r/PeopleFuckingDying
I can’t look at this and not smile.  My day is made and it’s only 8:30, thanks!
This is a memory that will stick with her for life. I had a golden retriever give birth to a litter of puppies when I was somewhere close to her age, and I still remember the overwhelming cuteness/joy/happiness from when all those puppies ran and piled on me the first time. It may be my first real memory I have so it feels like the cuteness actually kickstarted my consciousness. 
It appears that all involved had a great time.
This reminds me of the time I was a camp counselor for rising kindergarteners and one of them said “attack the teacher!” And I got swarmed and tackled 
KW Humane Society by chance... I recognize the shape of the kennel. Volunteered there for many a year!
That's adorable.
Meanwhile in Syria.
This is a day maker right here. 
This pic put a smile on my face.
Oh that poor poor...oh look puppies!
/r/peoplefuckingdying
Volunteering at an animal shelter is a rewarding experience. You see those sad dogs experience some happiness for a little bit each day. You get to love on puppies. The sad part is leaving them at the end of the day without their forever home. 
Puppies Outbreak: Can you survive the puppies apocalypse?
Awesome. It's first thing in the morning and I'm officially jealous of a five year old!
Your daughter is really cute too

My kind of flash mob.
That poor girl. Adorableness took her down. May she rest in bundles of fluff.
This warms my heart so much.
"Oh, the horror"
Such pure joy. Thank you for sharing. 
We should all be so lucky.
This is what I imagine heroine feels like.  
next victim of dog violence
ONE OF US. ONE OF US.
My girlfriend always says this is how she wants to die
OP cuteness 
Well, it's obvious why your daughter is volunteering! Good for her. Great for the puppies. 
You didn’t leave any behind did you? Given that they clearly chose to adopt your daughter. Is fine. They don’t get much bigger than that...
Not trying to poop on the parade, but be aware of the risk of them transmitting worms to your daughter. If she starts scratching her butt a lot she might have them. It's not a big deal, easily treatable, but rather gross. A friend had it happen to their little son.
Aww
They're all coordinating! So cute!
I wish I'll have a kid as great as that. You're lucky parents hehehe, coming from a teenager too hahaha!
I feel like this is one of those moments that little girl will remember for the rest of her life. Pretty amazing to think about that. 
She will always cherish looking at this moment. Pure joy! (In the digital age I fear many pics will be lost over time.)
Livin the dream
Slurp slurp slurp slurp slurp giggle
Do you know what kind of breed they are? They look exactly like my rescue!
Selfish little girl. She would pay to volunteer if forced.
And the dogs' collars match her outfit!
That's a whole lot of cute in one photo
That's great
This makes me ridiculously happy. Your daughter is adorable.
This is how I want to die 
Paging /u/vixenviolin13 

Would you like to replicate this while you continue recovering? 
I can hear her giggles from the image. Too cute!
Who wouldn’t wanna be overpowered by this adorableness 🤗
The blanket on the left looks like a sad man
Why adopt a dog, when you could adopt a swarm of dogs
😍😍😍😍
No matter what, a litter of puppies will bring you down.
Poor kid. Imagine having your peak happiness at such a young age. All down hill from here kid.
my ex girlfriend would be so jealous 
RIP in pepperoni. At least she died in bliss. 
She will indeed be feeding the puppies. Look at them getting ready to eat her.
That's how i want to go.
Pure joy! 
Omg I love this! This was so me today lol. I work at an animal shelter lol 
Just saw this posted on a Snapchat meme page
RIP
What an incredibly sweet picture
Well jt was on Snapchat, so it disappeared at this point. I should've screenshotted it. 
On a serious note, as an animal shelter, but I wonder if those boots are available in adult sizes because they're really cute.
Auto say awwwww when i first see this comment, how did you get your information from? lol Dogs lick each other all the dogs home?
She's fine, dogs are those?
That's my dream.
Humans and dogs are hardwired to love each other. Dogs that were attentive to their humans were better fed and passed on their genes. Similarly, humans that cooperated with domesticated dogs survived better and were able to live long enough to pass on their genes. 

We evolved to love each other.
This is so cute 😍 xx
This is what makes us a tolerable species.  Your daughter gives me hope.  
You Wont Believe How This Girl Cheated Death In Massive Feeding Frenzy. [Read More...]
not crying I swear this made my day 
[removed]
And now she has giardia.
You volunteered your daughter, then used her for internet points*
"Where are my testicles, Summer?"
[removed]
And now your daughter has worms...
How do u get up voted? 
>volunteered 
  
And by that, you mean you are using the local shelter as daycare?
This may be "cute," but allowing a dog to lick the face of a child is dangerous not only from a hygienic point of view (bacteria, viruses, parasites), but also from a behavioral one.  Dogs lick to assert dominance (or attempt to) and to garner attention from humans (they rarely lick other dogs; rather, they sniff butts.) It's not much of a stretch from licking to nipping to actual biting. More to the point, if you've any experience with dogs whatsoever, you're more than aware of what *else* they lick/eat with those mouths. 

If you must, allow the dog to lick your hand or ear -- then wash it immediately thereafter. Please don't encourage this sort of behavior in either your dog *or* your child.


[removed]
