[removed]
There is something about seeing dads cry that makes me want to cry.
It always brings me so much joy to see people get this happy and emotional about something. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JOsRZ9RJ6UQ
This man probably works his ass off for his family and never does anything for himself.  This is very cool to see.
I grew up poor and remember the feeling I had when I was first able to buy my parents a nice gift. This was touching. 
IIRC, this was a dad whose kid (daughter?) hooked him up to see MEX vs USA, in Pasadena, CA, a couple years back for Confederations Cup qualifying.
He was even trying not to cry. And was like nope the tears are coming. So sweet.
This is really touching, but I'm DYING to know what that shirt is. Washington Nationals and California? 
Reminds me of a story with my own dad about 8 years ago. He was working very hard (upwards of 70hours a week) and his country’s  national team was going to play at the Home Depot Center in Carson, CA on the same day as his bday but we couldnt afford it. Apparently, the pastor at his church knew how hard my dad worked and his devotion to his family, friends and church that he bought tickets for my entire family as a birthday gift and even though we lost, seeing my dad excited like a little kid made my 12yo heart melt.
When we get to see our parents this happy..... Right in the feels.
I hope somehow, he's escorted to the front row (or wherever the hell the best seat is at a soccer game), his team wins,  he's given a game jersey and the weather is absolutely perfect.

I should call my dad.
Based on his reaction it seems that seeing a Mexican soccer game has always been his GOOOOOOOOAAAAALLLLL
I'm not crying, YOU ARE!!

This guy is trying every trick in the “Dad’s don’t cry” playbook and fails spectacularly.

1)Laugh it off

2)Crack a joke

3)Look away/get up

4)Wipe your face, tears? No I just ate something spicy.  
Who’s he going to see?!
Seeing these types of videos always gets me. I wish I could've done more of these things for my father when he was alive.
I've only seen my dad cry twice in my life. He's my step dad and works so hard for his family and friends. The first time he cried was the day I said "I love you so much dad" to him on on his birthday. The second time was after a soccer game with Mexico playing. We first bonded when he taught me my first sport; soccer. I do not know why, but seeing such strong men cry breaks my heart in any situation.
Why did this video not keep going? I love his happiness. And. I'd like to see the end!💙🤗
There's something in my eye.
If anyone is curious about the Washington Nationals logo on a shirt of California - I wondered for awhile too. Turns out the W logo looks a lot like an I and an E. IE is for the Inland Empire. A lot of Cali folks wear the Nationals hat. 
Damn that’s goals to be able to give back to you’re parents. I hope I can give my pops the car of his dreams in the near future.
Man i'm drunk as fuck and this shit warmed my fucking heart. I hope you have a phenomenal time dude. He seems like he deserves it for sure. 
So many onions up in here.
/r/happycryingdads
The emotions of someone who has worked hard for what they have 
This is why being poor is awesome. I almost cried drinking a mountain dew baja blast just this afternoon. 


Thank you. 
Damn. Just the other day my dad got tickets to a soccer game with his friend but his friend had to last minute cancel. When my dad invited me i refused since I never liked soccer much. 

Now I feel bad looking at this gif. Happy for the guy tho. 
Its nice to see Latino/Hispanic adult showing emotions. The older culture is usually too macho to cry like that.
how I'm hoping that his team wins.  I'm not a big football/futbol/soccer fan but I want this dude's first game to be the perfect memory.
Nothing makes me happier than seeing others happy
I don't care how many times this is reposted. This is heart warming to the highest degree every single time I open it up
For the first time in about 10 years, I found myself thinking "I kinda wish I had a dad."

What a sweet moment, you can tell he's super grateful!
This is so sweet. 
I really hope the game is amazing for him and he gets to see his team win. 
He turned into a little boy, this was so cute. r/mademesmile
Legit people don't appreciate all they have here. This guy is 50 years old, couldn't set aside the money to see his favorite thing in the world. Look around, you have it pretty fucking good. Pay that shit forward. 
It's like watching the baby put on glasses for the 1st time. 
Fuck I'm gonna give my dad a hug now.
Fuck I wish I could get this emotional and happy about anything. Years of you fuckers have killed me cold. God damn you reddit. 
This shit gets me every time. 
*cries in spanish*
This is so very wonderful to see
Something other than an animal on this sub? Have an upvote. 
Football !
That’s the actual response of a guy that sacrificed. Good on whoever hooked him up.
This is a bad video to watch when you're drunk
This is why I legitilmatly get mad when "smart" people trash sports, they just dont get how much it can mean.
Mexican here.

I don't think this is exactly the situation. Mexican football games are fairly cheap and some of them are free (sometimes the venue wants filled seats to sell food and drinks). Those must be extra expensive tickets, for example to watch a final or el clasico (the Mexican equivalent of barça vs Real Madrid).

Edit: Apparently /u/billy-reuben could invest in getting therapy 

https://imgur.com/a/yUh9I
Those must be tickets for el clásico... Chivas vs America games are an experience of a lifetime
This is why we play.
Beautiful.
I watched this video over and over and it made me smile every single time.
You can see how hard he has worked for so little, selflessly. That's the part that gets me.
you know what man, watching someone break down in joy is fucking beautiful.  good on you.  moments like this are the memories.
Keep Your expectations low and you can never be disappointed 
Heh. Reminds me of the mexican kid who got a cutting board as a joke christmas (or birthday) gift. But he was genuinely happy with it. He's like "i can cut vegetables with this now!" and was hugging his parents for giving him a cutting board. But it was a joke. They gave him another package and it had a tablet. He never expected a tablet because I'm assuming they don't have much money. But once he opened it and saw the tablet he broke down. That was one of the most "awww" videos I've ever seen. Especially coming from a single parent family where we didn't have shit for money growing up. 
I've got buddies that just don't get why I'm into sports. Just like they couldn't understand that it could possibly be more than watching a team win or lose,

Things like this is why.
This just happened to my stepdad. My mom got him tickets to a pro football game for their 25th anniversary. He’s a big, quite type of guy and you could see the tears forming. Gave me hope for humanity. So inspirational 
I need to call my dad
My god it warms my heart to see this. What a truly happy man who surely worked very hard his whole life if he has never had a chance to see a soccer game. This is wonderful on every level! 
What kind of world do we live in?  

A world where hardworking men can't afford soccer tickets, while billionaires get on TV to lecture us on how hard they work on their space rocket ships, while hiding their money in the Caribbean, and making us fight each other.

God is truly dead.  Or he's just very incompetent. Or sadistic.  I'm leaning towards the latter.
Is that cilantro in a cup? Yup, that's hella Mexican!
Cool as cucumbers 
When I was a kid Mexico was playing the US at the Rose Bowl, maybe around 96’ and my dad had gotten tickets for he and I to go. Turns out the tickets were fake and they turned us away. If I remember correctly the game was sold out so we couldn’t buy tickets at the booth even if we could afford them. My dad and I drove to around looking for a place to watch it and he snuck me into a bar and we watched it on tv. Pretty sure I cried. My dad was bummed for sure too. I never got to go to a Mexico game until a couple months ago when they lost to Jamaica. I’d been waiting like 20 years to watch that damn team play. It was p emotional. Anyway watching this guy get so emotional fucked me up so I had to share.
Such a beautiful moment to capture. Thanks for sharing.
this will be every mexican dad on the planet if we ever beat germany or argentina in the WC or (gasp) ever win the thing
I got to take my dad to a football game a few years ago. First time he's been in the stadium during a game. He really didn't want to leave after it was over.
This original post inspired me to pay for 4 tickets for my Dad and the rest of my family. It was the Copa América Quarter-final in 2016 and I predicted it would be Mexico in that slot early on so I purchased my tickets in advance (~$600)

The score was 7-0 against Chile and I've never seen a stadium full of fans so disappointed and getting angrier by the minute. Needless to say we're probably going to stick to watching Soccer on TV from now on.
Very much love this. My dream has always been to take my dad to a World Cup game.
Wish I could make my dad this happy. 
awww It would be nice to have a video of him at the game too!
I am a 29 year old heterosexual man and I wanted to hug him and cry
Link?
This makes my heart happy :)
Damn! That got me! 
It's cool how animated he becomes once he has the realization of what it is. 
Goooooooooooooooooooooooal! 
feels good man.
The dios mio is real. 
I kinda love this guy. I hope he had a good time at the game. 
i️ LIVE FOR THESE FUCKING VIDEOS
*football
This is so awesome to see. I go to a game every two weeks or so, so it’s easy to forget how exciting it truly is, especially if you’ve never been.

I hope that he remembers this for the rest of his life. What a legend.
i hope i get to have a moment like that as an adult.  being an adult really kinda ruined my outlook on life.
Oh so that's what we're doing today, we're crying?
that is so fucking beautiful
Any country on earth that's a happy dad 
Anybody notice his shirt makes like no sense
I love it when I’m watching a gif and can’t stop smiling
I was under the impression that only pets appeared on this subreddit. 
Part of me thinks a lot of the reasons parents break down when their kids do sweet stuff like this for them is because they're realizing how great of a daughter/son they raised.
That is so beautiful.  What a gentle, grateful man he is.  I hope he has a wonderful experience.
I’m sure this man deserves it very much. 
It's things like this that really make you think about your parents and how they are real humans, that get excited over things they like and were just like you once. It's crazy. Happy parents are too cute. 
Aw this is really touching. ❤️
SOMEONE NEEDS TO STOP CUTTING ONIONS.

MY EYES.. =)

[similar video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4MycHzQIMd4) but gift given in the opposite direction. Not sure if me being a big sports fan is what does it, but these are some of my favorite videos ever
It's things like this that let me know I'm not a sociopath. 
People are awesome
Fuck yeah, this guy and his fam rock. 
He either really likes soccer or really hates it
I hope the soccer club sees this and does something for him.
If you have a loved one that would reacted like this if presented with such a simple gift, contact me.

I grew up poor in a way that most people cannot relate to, let alone understand. I've found a tremendous amount of success as an adult and have found that I have the ability to make dreams happen for people without negatively impacting my family's life, and that's what I do now.

Giving someone this reaction is a nice night on the town for me, but with a much greater sense of satisfaction.
I am beaming and crying at the same time.
My heart!
I really wanna buy this guy season tickets
TIL: This sub is not exclusive for cute pets only. :)
Username does not check out. 
I wish I cared about something this much.
stop that! I'm crying damn it!
:) this video gave me a nice start for the day, very nice!
Man my eyes are sweating now
I’m saving this to look back on to make me feel good
Awe I just love this! He is so happy.
Beautiful. I am genuinely happy for another human being. He is probably a terrible driver and I have flipped him off for driving slow in the pass lane. Who cares! I'm glad he is happy. 
I wish I knew what things I could get or do for the people in my life that would make them as happy as this man is to have these tickets.
Oh my goodness my heart!!! Makes me wanna get my dad something like this. He hasn't been to a soccer game in about 20 years!! Aaaaaaahhhh!!!!
Loved!!!! Human kindness. 
thanks for brightening my day
You mean the real football?
The real reason he breaks down in tears is because they are tickets to see Sunderland, that's enough to make anyone cry.
I had the exact same reaction when my dad bought me tickets to see my favorite tennis players in Germany. It was my first time ever seeing a professional match and when my dad gave me the tickets I was surprised how emotional I became for such a simple gesture. If you can do something you know will mean a lot for someone do it. The reward of seeing their happiness is priceless!
They beat the US in this game too 
This is seriously what makes life worth living, little moments like these. Props to whoever shared this special moment with us. 
/r/happycryingdads
That was sweet. I hope it's a good game for him.
What's this Mexican soccer and how is it different from normal soccer?
It nice to see good things happen :)
Imagine what his reaction would be if they won.  😭
It's the onions. I'm fine.
Football's so expensive now.

I used to go watch Liverpool FC for £1.80.
warms the cockles 
So sweet!
No matter how many times this gets reposted (ALOT), it never fails to hit you in the feels.
Reddit really loves to see grown men cry.
[deleted]
First the guy who sees colour for the first time and now this. My eyes can only swell so much.
This is fucking precious 
Awww. So sweet. :)
<3<3<3
After all the doom and gloom in the news today, this gave me some balance. Many thanks. Shalum.
Dammit I’m crying. ❤️
I wish I could do something like this for my dad. Sometimes I feel like I don't appreciate him as much as I should. 
I thought that first initial face he made was going to be his reaction until he started talking. But beautiful nonetheless! 
Is that a Washington Nationals logo next to a map of California? 
This is great! I hope they all had a wonderful time! 
What shirt is he wearing? Looks like a Washington Nationals logo with California?
Whatever his team is I want them to win!
I'm crying!!! So sweet
~~WHAT IS A HU~~ wait this is actually nice
Made me smile with extreme enthusiasm!

I like to think the video stopped because whoever took the video (kids) had to go hug him!
I love how he keeps looking at the tickets like "I can't believe this is real".
This is so aww-worthy it's unreal. So happy for him.
Now I want to buy your dad all the Mexican soccer tickets...
It obviously wouldn't be as special but I want to buy that guy more tickets.
r/happycryingdads
This is so heartwarming. Thank you for sharing this moment, seeing peoples genuine enthusiasm at a thoughtful gesture is a wonderful reminder of the kind things we can do for people and what really matters. 
Awwwww
On my Reddit sync feed all this said was "dad gets his first Mexican". I was very confused. 

https://imgur.com/a/ASfJS
i got to do something similar for my dad last year. he's a huge soccer/football fan, but he especially goes nuts when colombia plays. last year i was able to buy him, my mom, and myself tickets to see colombia vs peru at metlife stadium. my dad very rarely lets his emotions show, but that day he was like a little kid and i'm glad i was able to do that for him.
1)  I️ can die now. 2) someone tell me how to buy this man more tickets!!!!! 
I would love to see an update of this man yelling PUTO at the game!
Giving back to parents for the years of caring and unconditional love is the best feeling ever. 
The beautiful game bringing beautiful moments.
This gif always makes me feel feels. He’s so happy.
I know it sounds terrible, but I can’t help but think “what if his team loses?” When I see these videos.  I mean, if the team loses in a close game, at least you got to experience it.  When your team gets blown out, all you want to do is leave early and forget the game ever happened.  
r/humansbeingbros
I hope yall's team wins
my heart smiled at this. 


i hope he finds this kind of joy many times in his life. 
thank you for posting this, needed this today
Oh and that woman loves him so, as she tenderly rests her head on his. I want an old lady.
Drunk me can’t help but cry with him :’[
I can feel his joy, I remember when I got tickets to go to a Utah jazz game back when I was 8 or 9, one of my happiest moments as a kid 
That’s how I look at my paycheck After calculating my bills. 
This is probably the first time I've seen something not animal related in r/aww
Damn sand in my eyes.... 
<3
Oh real happiness!
I love shit like this 
oh wow. he totally took me down with him, the second his emotions changed, my stomach dropped. full of tears. so happy for this lovely man. 
Extremely happy for him.

Makes me wish I had a hobby/interest I cared as much about as he does soccer/football.
I wish my dad got enthusiastic over stuff like this.
I wish there were a way I could buy tickets to national team matches for fans that would otherwise never have them. They can often be so cheap, and soccer can be such a huge part of their lives. It would be great to just make somebody's day, from one soccer fan to another.
que partido? a quien le va?
I think /r/mexico will enjoy this.
Aww. Reminds me of my dad.
I hope that I can one day make my gramps this happy. It’s great to see a stranger this happy. Even better to see a loved one like this!
It always brings me so much joy to see 
This is why I️ love sports. Bring people together. 
No this is too wholesome stop
:,) amazing when parents work so hard in life and receive a gift that means so much to them. Wish there was a follow up clip of him at the game. 

Only time I’ve seen my dad that happy was when he received the letter in the mail that he got his citizenship here in the U.S. :) 
The overwhelming joy followed immediately by the realization of what just happened because a significant other cared. Priceless stuff, truly
Gave my dad the same gift awhile back. We went to go see chivas play for the first time. It’s crazy how much a simple pleasure like watching a sport can bring so much joy. Love ya pops! 
There’s a guy who’s always worked hard and spent his money on his family. 
If he’s like any real Mexican dad, he’s actually crying because he can’t imagine how much of his own money went into buying his own gift lol. Jk, great moment. 
The power of football (soccer).
Last year took my father-in-law to his first Mexico match in the Copan de Oro... man the emotion on this machine like dude was awesome!
I'm not crying, you're crying!
Just from reading the title before the gif even loads: He likes it, he really really likes it! He loves it and he cries aww 😭
PLOT TWIST: He's rooting for Italy
I love this video so much! But, why is there a Washington Nationals logo in a star above a bear and the state of California? Did this guy go to China recently and shopped retail?
That is beautiful!! 
God bless them :,)
So awesome. It's wonderful to see people find joy in things like this.
The way he lifts up from his seat when he realizes what they are 
This gif is actually so much better with the sound 
Now this is beautiful 
Damn, sports have an amazing way of bringing us together! Hope this man had a great time at whatever game he got to attend!
Me should somebody ever gift me Wrestlemania tickets. 
I would give him the damn moon. I hope he gets everything he’s ever wanted. 
Hopefully it wasn't for the 7- 0 slaughter against Chile. Paid good money for those, all to see Ochoa chase the ball like he was chasing chickens. Months later and it still hurts.
It’s the little things

I should appreciate my life a little more
God I needed this today. 
he's seen all the soccer games in person in the other countries
How much are those tickets normally? 
I’m glad they are tangible tickets. No ones gonna ball that hard over a QR Code. 
This is soooo sweet..
That is the face of somebody who thought they were never, ever going to be able to go to a Mexican soccer game. Not Mexican, not a fan of soccer, still cried a little<3
Reaction is just like mine after getting my Green Day concert tickets
Wheres the follow-up? We need a GIF of his reaction at the game!
This was me last friday. My girlfriend of 7 months surprised me with a present and a card. I open the card and i read it and immediately start balling my eyes out. She tells me how much she loves me and how happy she is. I open up my present and she got me wolfenstein 2 and a dress shirt for a dinner date to red lobster. Blessed!
Ahh, the good ole repost. 
NO ERA PENAL 
That's. Fucking. Awesome!  My mom just took my dad to game 7 at dodger stadium.  As Dodger fans, they had an amazing time despite the loss.  Life is all about experiences and impact.  I hope these two have an amazing experience.  Maybe they can even help their team win by cheering.  
Dear Reddit.

Today I found out that happiness is extremely contagious
I always try to gift people an "experience" and not a "thing" because I was given tickets to my favorite band one Christmas and I have never ever forgotten that concert.
There should fair warning about all the onion chopping man. 
I wish my dad got this happy about anything. Including me 
But I wanted futbol tickets. :(
Match*
Wholesome as fuck. Now the dude can get drunk and swear at the players rather than the TV! But seriously being at a sporting event in person is on another level. 
Football 
I don't get it. 
  
Does he not get enough sleep at home or something?
This is awesome 
Love it. So beautiful.
🇲🇽🇲🇽🇲🇽 ra,ra,ra!!
This really makes you put things into perspective
Who gave him the tickets??
What game was it?
Yay! Hope he had a blast at the game. 
Que chuloooo!
I wish I loved something that much. Pretty much numb to all passions over here. 
Damn I️ actually teared up
And this is why I began to love fútbol.
I was expecting the hands up SCORE!! 
We should start a fund to get him some season tickets.
Awwwwww 
Aaaa
I wish I was ever either that happy about something, or that loved.  
Goal-goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaaaaallllllllllll
Anyone know what his shirt is about? Looks like the state of cali with the nationals W inside a star. Pardon my ignorance
Mexico versus Portugal! *"and they'll all be signing autographs"*
Does anybody know where I can get that sweet Walgreens shirt?
what is that mans shirt
Remindes me how you don't know who is sitting next to you at the stadium. Those soccer games you go see once a month might be THE soccer match the person next to you will see in his lifetime. 
He could just come out to the street in front my house tomorrow after school if he wants to see a Mexican soccer game 
I know so many people can't afford to go to games, but it's really crazy when you see it in action like this
It’d be pretty funny if one of theses videos was just 2 amc movie tickets
Are they from Whittier, CA? That shirt looks familiar.....
After seeing that shitty girl steal from the Uber driver this is just what I️ needed 
Awesome. He will remember that game for the rest of his life.
I love everything about this. 
I love how emotional people can get over sports. 

Hope his game is a memorable experience with more to come.
I hope he had the best time of his life and seen him team get a W 
Just curious, but why make gifs that are the length of videos? Why not leave it as video? 
That’s so sweet
cool 
So lovely and heartwarming
You know, I really don't like going to big events here in the states.  Traffic is always a nightmare, and everything is crazy expensive.  But growing up in a rural location I can really understand the excitement of participating for the first time.
So heartwarming 
he realizes...then he goes like...

omgomgomgomgomgomg!!!
I've had a pretty good day, but this might be the highlight. Very touching
My hearteu
Fuck yes this guy deserves that
Y todo para q pierdan las pinches chivas...
The way he straightens up a little bit, awesome. The happy breakdown afterwards and hug, fantastic! 
I’m totally crying! 
What is the curly W on his shirt? Can’t be Nationals?
Everyone deserves to be this happy! If I could, I would buy this man box seats!
Awwwwww
this kind of emotion can always gets people touched
So awesome 😀😀
Oh god, the way he fumbles the tickets 😭
I feel the lifetime of hard work and sacrifices this guy must have made. Finally, something like this is the world to him. I love this.
This is super heartwarming thanks for sharing
now he'll be screaming "GOAAAAAAL!" from the bleachers instead of his couch. 
Love this
This is not the first time I've seen something wholesome posted by OP. Not sure what to make of that username.
Emotions play vital role
I’m just clarifying Mexico National time right??
Are tickets very expenisve in Mexico? Here I can watch an elite footballmatch for about the price of taking the bus 4 times.
When soccer is love and life. Honestly, it's pretty much a religious experience. Good for him though.
That dude is going to have the time of his life!!!
I like this man. He seems nice :)
"The beautiful game" indeed!
He always dreamed of being a soccer ball when he was young but he had to provide for his family and now his son has grown up with all the things he never had and knew he could make his father happy by letting him be a soccer ball for a day that’s why he is so happy ⚽️ 
His shirt is west coast to the max
DAD. DAAAAAAAAD. 
Happiness, love, and joy make for a beautiful thing. 
All above the feels train
How expensive are tickets to a soccer game in Mexico? 
Tut tut, *Futbooool*
Soccer?
"Mexican soccer game"
For what team?
[removed]
Cool repost. 
By that reaction he must of wanted Rugby tickets
Seguro irá al de America - Cruz Azul 
r/wholesomereddit
https://imgur.com/gallery/bztYPG5
What is this agif for giants?
He's crying because he realizes it's the wrong kind of football
This mexi can go to the soccer game!
Nintendo 64 Kid grew up.
Build the wall. So he can kick the ball over it. 
[deleted]
Karma 
Spelt futbol wrong
he was happy at first to go to the stadium and then he remembered the Mexican NT sucks
[deleted]
That makes the feelers trigger
Just wanted to say CHINGA TU PARED, CABRON!
What's the t shirt from? Doesn't look like Mexico.
[removed]
[removed]
How long is this gif jesus
what the fuck man
That guy was awesome in Eastbound and Down and Haters Back Off!
[removed]
This is where redditors with their empty lifes get a taste of emotion. How bout get off the internet and live yourself?
[removed]
Football!

WAH! :I
VIVA PIÑATA!
[removed]
Wait, I thought Escobar owned a soccer team
Gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooiooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
If you live in a Spanish speaking country, sure.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
This is something I can never do because unlike this area or person, I make less then my dad ever had and can't afford to buy him nice things.
That is a strange Washington Nationals t-shirt he's wearing.
Dad and first ever. 

Man... fuck you guys...

Dad: Aaaawww tickets for me and your uncle Juan.......*cries in joy

Son: no dad....it's for you and ......ok whatever
*son cries in sadness

Me here strolling reddit for 3 hours the day b4 midterms: *cries in a language not yet known to man.
[removed]
Take that, dad who sees color for the first time. Your time is up.
This is awesome as fuck but we all juat gonna ignore the fact that the man has a California State shirt with the  washington nationals logo? Lmao
It's not called soccer it's called football 
People take sports way too seriously. 
[removed]
What is mexincan football? Is it just normal football?
[removed]
His team loses 4-0 guaranteed.
[removed]
[removed]
Lol
[removed]
