I used to have three dogs in the house, one was an australian shepherd that was the most intelligent animal i have ever known.    When ever the other two dogs were doing something bad some where else in the house the aussie used to find me and sit next to me  so i could see he wasn't involved.    Any time that dog came into the room and sat  at attention I just knew it was time to go investigate what the others were up to.
Dude if the cat is ashamed someone is probably dead.
The dog looks like it's taking legal advice from the cat. 
Well let's start with my heart.
Poop in shoes?
It's nice that it was a team effort.
[deleted]
[deleted]
someone pooped in the house and the other ate it.  My golden used to constantly eat my orange cats poop.  no idea why but it was obvious.  I swear my golden enjoyed poop more than any other food.
Please keep us updated!
One time my family came home from dinner and our dog, who usually greeted us, sunkered away in the living room instead. I knew something was up so I ran around the house trying to find what I knew was going to be poop so I could clean it up before mom found out and threw a fit. Lucky never would have been able to understand, but it was found downstairs and i cleaned it and none were the wiser... RIP Lucky dog
We need an update!
Just my gut instinct, but the cat is guilty.  
Please let us know when you find out what they did.... other than breaking a few reddit hearts 
Cat is telling Dog all the horrible things about humans. Dog's mind can barely handle it.
I FORGIVE THEM 
Cat: “don’t make eye contact”
Dog: “too late. They’re on to us”
Curious minds want to know.... What did they do? 
Cat: "Take the heat for this and I promise much treats. Trust me. Shh, he's watching."
If I was a dog, I’d purposely look guilty on occasion just to mess with my owners head. I’d watch him/her go crazy frantically looking around the house, to not find anything destroyed or puked/pooped/peed on.
CAT: Yo man. Keep it all the way G my G, you don’t say *shit*, y’hear me?

DOG: Yo Devaughn, I don’t think I’m strong enough for this.

DEVAUGHN: Yo what did you just call me?
Something interesting I heard recently in a Terry Gross Fresh Air interview:

>Some of the experiments I do are testing, for instance, anthropomorphisms, attributions that we make of dogs. One of my favorites was of the guilty look. Dogs show this guilty look, pulling their ears back and pulling their tail under their body or turning away. Often, owners know when they've done something wrong. So it's fair for people to say that dogs look guilty. But I thought, that's a strange attribution. How can we be sure that dogs are guilty? And so I did a little test to see if the guilty look popped up only when they'd done something wrong or in any other circumstance.

>GROSS: What did you find?

>HOROWITZ: And it's a really simple experiment. And I found that the guilty look showed up more often when they were being scolded or about to be scolded by their owners, whether or not they'd done something wrong. And so it looks like we really prompt the dogs to put on this look, which is probably more aptly described as a submissive look or a concerned look, than a guilty look. I'm not saying that dogs don't feel guilt. They very well might, but this look isn't showing us that.

From here:

https://www.npr.org/2017/11/03/561551389/from-fire-hydrants-to-rescue-work-dogs-perceive-the-world-through-smell
You know it's bad when the *cat* is looking guilty.
[deleted]
Did you check the backyard? Sprinklers/new holes in the yard?

Be sure to check your bed, as well! And any cables you have! Tv, console, PC
One probably puked and the other ate it. At least that's how it goes at my place. 
OMG the way the cat sits! Is it the Japanese way?
You'll probably smell it real soon.  :)
So, what did they break, OP? TELL MEEEEEE! 😯
Cat.
This is kind of like a treasure hunt game! So interesting :)
On behalf of reddit, they're forgiven.
Poor babies! I had a dog that would do that to me quite often when I came home from work. For the longest time I couldn't figure out what she was "guilty" of. I finally figured it out after about two months of her giving me that look.... She was guilty of sleeping on our dirty clothes! I finally convinced her it was okay, but she still had a bit of guilty look sometimes. Sweet hearts.
Cat's don't give a fuck about breaking or damaging human stuff, so if the cat is bashful its something more serious.

They've probably been fucking.
They're about to break your karma.
I'd check under the bed first.. mine looooove to bring whatever they destroy under the bed
Your hea- oh thats been taken...

Ill just go now...
Does this look like a painting to anyone else?
Perfect title.  Props.
When even the cat is embarrassed, you *know* shit went bad
Lol it looks like the cat is whisper to the dog, "say anything and i'll kill you...."
The dog is definitely in submissive mode and accordingly almost certainly is aware of having done something that has gotten him in trouble in the past.  The cat doesn't give a shit and is there either by happenstance, or because the dog is his particular friend and he's showing affection.
We have the same kitty!!!
Lean on me... when you're not strong.
DID YOU FIND IT? WHAT DID THEY DOOOO?
The cat took a crap and the dog ate it.
How bout the internet?
update?
I think they were making out. And now they are both ashamed about it. What happens in the pantry stays in the pantry!
Aww pawtners in crime
The cat is calmly, rationally explaining the consequences of busting him out to the hoomans, the dog want's to go witness protection, but doesn't know how to get that ball rolling.
The cat can't even bear your gaze. Guilty AF
They conspired and killed the neighbors pets
You know they broke something when the cat is hiding in shame as cats usually don't give a fuck. 

Source: own a cat and can confirm they don't care about anything except food.

Edit: cat probs puked and the dog ate it
99% chance the cat did it. 
That's a dog that has eaten cat shit. 
They both look like siblings that got in trouble. 


Details: The cat is the younger sister and the dog is the brother
Yeah, the cat ate everything out of the litter box again.  
I recommend you not jump into bed tonight, but approach cautiously 
Ha ha! That's hilarious.. You will.. ; ) 
They didn't break anything. They're hiding their forbidden love. 
It's been four hours. Have you found it yet?
They broke my heart.
How topical...from next week's *New Yorker*:

https://media.newyorker.com/cartoons/59fcc974f40de92b73812f44/master/w_964,c_limit/171113_a21400_rd2.jpg
They didn't break but melted my heart after seeing this 
The cat be like : "Hey Doggo, could you smirk and repeat “On the advice of counsel I invoke my Fifth Amendment privilege against self-incrimination, and respectfully decline to answer your question” ?"
My grandfather was a farmer and my mom said the dog once slunk into the house covered in mud looking totally guilty. Turned out he buried a goose. My grandfather later found a hole in the ground, feathers everywhere, and an extremely muddy goose that apparently managed to unearth itself.
They look so heckin' guilty
They had sex. 
They probably pooped and ate it.
He may have tried to hump the cat, she's underage.. Wait a minute is that Hollywood star Air Bud?? What's going on with Hollywood these days?
They surely did something. They are hiding something
Cat: I did it

Dog: Don't get mad at cat. Maybe I did it?
I used to come home ready because I knew my dog had been bad and been on the couch.  Dog let off a lot of fur and I hated getting it on my clothes.

I would run to the couch and see if it was warm and if so I knew my couch had been sat on.  The dog would be disciplined.  (no abuse, don't freak out.  just stern voice and a finger wag)

My dog went from being excited to see me come home to not and acting "in trouble" even when it did nothing.  I learned forget the couch.  

Instead when I came home I would be excited to see my dog and pet my dog + give them love.

TL;DR love your animals.

edit: Moby Dick's plot
They didn’t break anything. They licked their butts on your bed! 
That's what I look like when I spill the oatmeal on my boss's suit during the morning meeting.
They don't want you to find out about their forbidden love. 
It is illegal t have pets that cute
check under the couch 
They are guilty about something.  Wonder if you ever found out????
I'm gonna guess they didn't break anything, but instead someone peed or pooped where the shouldn't have.  That's usually how my dogs act after.
GUILTY. AS. FUCK.

Source: Have owned both cats and a dog.
This is too cute, I love how the cat is hiding away, I can tell he/she did it lol, it's always the cats
Ha! Adorable! It appears they are very sorry for whatever they did.
[deleted]
so much shame in one photo

love it
Must be REALLY bad if even the cat is showing remorse.
So did you find what they broke OP?
The internet.
I’ve got it. Same as mine. Cat pooped and doggie ate it. 
Your dog crapped in the house and your cat accidentally sprinted through it, subsequently painting the walls with it as it continued to get run.
The cat definitely devised the cleanup plan and the dogs conscience is showing.
Cat(in mob-like voice): “Listen here bud, be cute and calm. Cute and calm. Now—
The cat did it.
I’m scared...WHAT DID THEY DO?!?
The may have eaten something. 
but look at those puppy eyes.
If you can't find whats wrong, that's because they ate it.
They shit. That's the same face my dog make when it shit somewhere sneaky.
u/tashaaaaaaaaaaaa look at them
Your cat has guilty looks?? My cat is proud and cocky as hell when he breaks shit. 
They broke the internet
Ah, but you will!
Bitch, act guilty. I aint do shit, got me? 
Oh yeah, that is the [guilty] look.
Let us know when/If you find it! 
So sweet (๑･̑◡･̑๑)
It was your heart!
This was the picture taken right before catdog was born 
They ate the stash and cat can't stop giggling... 

Dog's pretty sure they know.
One pooped in the house...the other ate it.  Oh the shame
Cat.
Your ❣ heart
Did you ever find out what they broke?
This is just too cute
Partners in crime!  Adorable!
At least they look guilty? Mine is like, "look what I chewed up! isn't it neat!"
My heart
Those faces. Yes. I know those faces all too well. Good luck, and happy hunting for the mistake.
Best thread of the day.
Where's the poop Robin?
Maybe it's their relationship that they're ashamed of? You'd think that in 2017 a dog and cat could be friends without any social repercussions. 
They probably made a catdog.
That’s because they ate it.
Maybe nothing broke, just "seasoned"
My heart ❤
 they are ashamed bc they had some sex while you were gone
so cute
I did, it's my heart 
Whatever it is, I doubt you'll be able to get angry at them with that face.
Someone threw up and the other ate it.
[You should be trying to find what broke *them*...](https://i.imgur.com/G3YYImd.jpg)
I don't even care what they broke, they're forgiven. Pardoned by cuteness overload.
Hahaha they really can't hide their guilt.
they broke your mind by tricking you into thinking they broke something 
Aww don’t be mad! 
Whenever I hear people say that dogs only look guilty as a response to you being mad, I think of situations like this.

My dog does this too or more recently, while he won't ever run out the door for a walk when I come home, he will if he's gotten into the garbage or something.  I can't help but think he's trying to distract me or at the very least delay getting mad at him. 

The point is, both of these are independent of how I actually react and dependent on how he thinks I will react.  


Yup, sth's broken, pooped on or eaten. 
He looks a lot like my boyfriends dog, Zelda. Golden retriever/chow


https://imgur.com/gallery/T9g5o
This is how my dog looks, when my cat is in heat and has been following him around all day, rubbing her face on him and putting her butt in his face. He looks at me like 😕 "help" 
r/AccidentalRenaissance
They ate it
100% the Cat's fault. Look at him, zero remorse.
I have two cats and a dog, when they do this I assume one pooped and the other ate it.
So...? What did they do? I saw this yesterday, and came back to check. Still no answer!
They didn't break anything somebody pooped....or tore the stuffing out of something.
The dog pooped in the litter box and the cat peed in the sock drawer. That or the cat pooped under the table and the dog ate it.
You know one of your dogs is a cat right?
Cat's don't give a fuck.
DEVAUGHN: Yo what did you find it.
awww
haha... no kidding. 
Broke the upvote sound barrier
It's the cat who broke it and he is just blackmailing the dog to take responsibility or cat will kill him on his sleep.

Cats are always up on bookshelves and pushes things off of it. 
the cat is kneeling like it was just praying
Or what they ate, or accidentally killed, or where they pooped? Mind you they're both in on in that's for sure!
Did you now?!
tshirt or postcard adorable for sure.   Also would put on my fridge along with other precious items
Guilty AF
Looks like puppers is keeping kitty’s secret
My dog is acting the same right now... Still havent found anything. 
I bet it’s a turd somewhere. 
Is she looking?
Your cat has a seriously fluffy belleh
Keep us updated!
Pretty sure this one is food related. 
I play this grame with my cat, but it's called "i haven't found where he vomited yet."
Cat.
Look for that missing shoe.
maybe the dog tried playing with the cat and got slapped
Cant tell if Cat is remorseful or scheming...
The dog's collar looks like a low-res texture at least in the picture I'm seeing wtf
Dog took a dump in your closet, cat helped him hide it.
For a cat to feel guilt, it probably murdered your child.
Experience with my teenagers says your cat got something on her face pierced... 

If nothing's obvious check the tongues.
Somebody pooped somewhere.
I took a big sigh when I saw this.😂 the stress level goes from 1 to 50 in a heartbeat😂😂
Guilty written all over that face. LOL. But way too cute to yell at.
:D
The cat is pregnant 
I want to hug your animals.  badly.
The cat hid it.
What's kind is he?
I wanna go with the cat pooped in a shoe and the dog ate it.
Ah, the "Where's the poop?!" game. My least favorite!
Hopefully it's not water that broke
Smell the carpet yet?
you'll find it eventually. they definitely broke something.
Dogs looking at you thinking, whys this thing head bonking meeee?
I take the blame for whatever they did!!!
Dog broke it, cat hid it. May as well buy a new one of whatever they broke.
They share a love that cannot be spoken ! 😍
It might’ve been your back, be careful OP.
Look for the damp spot. 
Oh my...this looks serious 
What cuties!!
Is that cat in a seiza?
Don't be surprised when you start having cat-dogs
Maybe they didn’t break anything. Maybe they poop under the dining table. Lol
I'm sure the cat doesn't give a fuck
The cat is toughing the dog's heart
Is your litter box clean? Did you or your SO clean it? 
The look latinamerican teens give their moms after having sex or drinking alcohol
More like, where they dropped that fat deuce.

Follow the smell
let's get started
I mean we all know that face is cos the cat is rubbing himself against the dog, you see it on its hind legs. But anyway. Enjoy. 
Cute dog and cat relationship hahaha 
Why does it look kind of like a painting? Is it the light reflecting on the dog and the kind of detailless color/fur? I can't put my finger on it.
What did they break? This must be answered.
Where's the poop?
Maybe they went number 1 somewhere... My dog does the same when she pee or breaks anything
/r/GuiltyDogs 
At my house when the pets are naughty, one dog hides, the other is sorry-not-sorry, while the cat sits there looking smug. 
Check the rubbish bin
https://condenaststore.com/featured/listen-thats-a-tang-dynasty-urn-we-just-broke-harry-bliss.html
Lol that's the definite look of I just s,hat on your pillow.
Good pets. Who's a good pet?

Wait, where is my sub?
I love how the cars on his knees.
They doggone did something pawful fur sure, cats off to them if you don't find out though.
Too sweet
Maybe this is DST-syndrome?  "Oh god it was dinner time an hour ago and he hasn't fed us yet!  Does he hate us?  Did we make him mad? :(  "
Time to dig through some poop.
you can't find it because they ATE IT!!!
I'm betting the cat vomited in a shoe. The dog thinks he will get blamed.
Not broke, ate.
OP update plz?
Bribe em
The most beautiful thing I saw today
Awwww..Probably the cookie jar
This is my kryptonite.
OMG I can't stand it
what an awesome duo!
That's a distraction, look behind you..
Check the bottom of your shoes
What beautiful animals 
I bet it was the cat idea.
The probably pooped in your computer 
The way the kitty is sitting os freaking me out
Nice.......when I was a kid, I was playing badminton with my mom and dog jumped on her and broke her leg...he looked just like this after.
I take the blame OP!!! 

You have to forgive them!!!
Come on, OP, don't leave us hangin'!
This is love and shame. 

Cat pooped on the floor, dog ate it to hide the evidence. 
Well have you found out about it yet
We might all be looking at the issue from the wrong point of view 🙄
This is super cute. Hahaha
They either broke something or pissed somewhere in the house
Is this a painting? 
Each others hearts they are working on it leave em alone.
The cat did it. 
These eyes... are cryin'... 
Living parallel lives: red lab & orange tabby, except mine being gingers, have no remorse. 
 
I really love your floors. Are they real wood?
 That look of guilt is impressive 😁
Your heart
If the cat's ears were down, that would mean double the damage.  :D
Hide the evidence!
but boy when i do... these guys are in trou-ble! 
“Is he looking?”
Where they looking in a certain direction?
It’s my heart
they fucked
Ooh.... but when you DO...it's gonna be a doozy.

My cats would never show this much remorse * *sigh* *
They could have pooped in the kitchen.  Have you checked?  My dogs used to shit in the center of the kitchen for everyone to see..... 
It's probably a secret dump they took somewhere in the house. 
did u find out?
i found what they broke...

my heart...

Why do your animals match and why don’t mine?
OP ? Update plz
They probably got drunk and were making out on your bed. 
:))) Priceless 
Probably celibacy. 
Just spank them now and figure it out later. 
they pee'd on the carpet.
Already got one.
That means they ate something :) 
Well, whatever they broke...at least they’re sorry about it...
That’s hilarious!
It was the cat wasn't? I have never seen a cat show any shame before, something seems fishy
I know that look, the dog pooped in a high heel shoe in the closet. You will find it traumatically in 6 months, and then scream/cry why god why? Much like Nancy Kerrigan, over and over. 
The cat organized this, telling dog to act guilty, and cover his head laughing. Nothing has been done, but OP is having a lot of trouble looking for it. Better prank than breaking material stuff. 
Those are two of the guiltiest looking animals ever!
It doesn't matter. All is forgiven. Look at those eyes.
Or it could be a bag of trash all over the bathroom
Um. Their cuteness broke MY HEART.
Plot twist: your dog knocked up your cat, and the pussy is ashamed. 
Quick get the Bronco! 
You forgive him right now without knowing what it is! 
look like, so lovely
Your heart
Check your reuben supply. I bet there's one missing.
They? Nah. Was the cat. Goodboys don't break things. 
Or ate😂😂😂
My heart?
My dog looks like this when our cat rubs on her. Actually looks like she is being harassed and needs assistance.
AT THE BATHROOM!!
Your trust
My heart.
But, how can you be mad at such a face?
We want an update!! what did they break!
Yeah. My heart
Your heart :'(
A friendly friend

Yes! My 8 year old staffy mix does this. Sometimes I’ll look for a good five minutes and find nothing, but know I have to punish her because she gave herself up. Sweetest girl, but not the brightest.
The cat pissed on the carpet, the dog thinks you will blame him.
It wasnt photoshop. 
Haha my dog does this all the time 
Your heart 
The dog looks like a cardboard cutout
They’re giving you that “We might have fucked...😬” look. 
It doesn't matter, just wuv on them. :(
That look is universal 
(Oliver Twist voice) Please sir, “more forgiveness”
You gonna be pissed
Nah, that’s a hidden turd look 
I miss these moments so much. We just put down our dog of 6yrs a couple days ago. Is there a sub for dog loss support?
loool
How come my wild hyena of a dog never acts remorseful when he rips my stuff up.
Automatically forgiven for being cute
