I was not expecting the second and third kittens. What a pleasant surprise. 
I wish I had such shrubbery in my yard!
You've found the gateway to r/thecatdimension
"DONT GO INTO THE TALL GRASS!"

Edit: my most popular comment was a Jurassic Park: the Lost World reference misconstrued as a Pokemon reference... Can't complain, honestly
Here be monsters and all kinds of savage beasts. Enter at your own peril.
When can I️ purchase one of these Cat Bushes?
I imagine this is how Pokémon attack. 
Where do I find the seeds to plant this Kitty Bush?!?!
1! 2! 3 kittens! Ah. Ah. Ah.
Awww it’s infested!...With cuteness!!
If anything were to ever come out of a bush and scare me, I would want it to be like this. Such cuteness!
*"Honey, can you call the yard guy early this week... The bushes are getting bitey."*
I'm definitely not saying to whack those adorable kitties with a mallet but my first thought was whack-a-mole
/r/fortniteBR is leaking
The dreaded bush sharks.
Clawbush growing in its natural habitat 
It’s a bumper crop of kittens this year!
I read the title in archers "danger zone" voice. Nice gif. 
My grandma use to have the perfect saying for this moment.. “Three cats in a bush is better than one in hand.” 

True story.
League of Legends gameplay.
r/PeopleFuckingDying
I want to go to there 
These kittens are gonna be the dominating the neighborhood parks when they grow up.
When I saw this video on Facebook, it was mentioned that these are the cats at Disneyland.
HIGHWAY TO.....THE DANGER BUUUUUSH!!!
r/thecatdimension 
Like reverse whack-a-mole but with cats 
I knew a girl in high school with the same name.
r/hitmanimals
I was going to up vote, then I saw your username. &#3232;_&#3232;

Just got out of a league game where rengar was fed to SEE THIS
Rengar in his early years
So cute 😱
[removed]
Quick as a kitten 
"Shh, there's a clowder of kittens in this bush, and they're wound up on zoomies!"
These cats would be really good at Fortnite.
The kittens are also ripe for harvesting 
[This is getting out of hand...] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lD_ag67tH3I)
Something about this makes me think of Fortnite
This is a catnip bush!
Great hiding place.
It’s like reverse whack-a-mole
A bush that keeps on giving. 
Adorabush! 
This is awesome 
Cute overload
How does one grow a bush that produces kittens?
They wil be good at fortnight
I want said danger bush. Do they sell these at Home Depot. I will plant it near my dogwood tree. 
A cat in the hand is worth two in the bush. 
This was so cute 
fortniteBr in a nutshell right now
My ex had a very dangerous bush
Omg there's 2 of them....OH MY GOD THERE'S 3!!!!
Oh my god they are so cute.
can't you see the poor cats don't want you to mess with their home's ceiling
Also an appropriate name for both of the presidents by this name 
The cuteness is almost too much. It's making my face feel weird.
Awwwwwww lil kitty
Hey that’s a cute cat
HIGHWAY TO THE DANGER BUSH
This is how fish react to certain lures
[deleted]
Nature never ceases to amaze, what a weird defence system for a plant.
Quite possibly the best gif I’ve ever seen
That man needs to harvest those kittens before the first hard frost. 
I was hoping it was kittens. 
this is some terrifying found footage what is it doing on aww? they've been finding pieces of the cameraman for months now
/u/over_the_flows
When you're playing against 5 rengars and try going into the jungle
Where can I get a cat plant, how long till I can pick me a puuycat
A kitto!
Aw the last one reminds me of my cat when she wasn't old as dirt
Any poor bird that lands on that bush is FUCKED...
Im delighted to know there are no less than three dangers in that bush. 
If anything were to ever come out of a league game where rengar was fed to SEE THIS
This is referred to as the mythical “Jesus Cat”. This is the name because when you’re walking along and one of these jump out you yell “Jesus!”, hence Jesus cat.
Love the title.
Talk to the Knights who Formerly Said Ni.  
Who is u/javareallysucks and how can he have frontpage posts everyday? I suspect russian troll account in the making
*Clever girl.*
Thought you were talking about my ex for a minute.
Ferocious! 
Take my vote and get outta here..
Too good. 
That’s freakin adorable. 
Keep the shotgun away from the kittens please...
It's like whack-a-mole, but in reverse!
Pokemon Go is getting really realistic 
Its 3 cats not 2. 
Came here expecting cute kitten puns.  Left in shame.  Y’all gross.  
Pokey ones!
Living life on the edge just for karma wont work with me Mr. 
Most dangerous feline bush ive ever seen lol
You should put this on r/2healthbars
Over the hedge was a great film. 
Holy shit how many kitties are in there!
Weed bush would make it trailer park boys edition and bubbles approves. 
Lol it's a CATnivorous plant
r/noisygifs
Kitties are playing Whack-A-Hooman
Which Paws movie is this?
That is so cute
r/thecatdimension
Sick and tired of these m-f-ing cats in this m-f-ing bush!
Where can I buy one of these bushes?
Its like that scene in The 3 Amigos where they defend that town!
***DANGER BUSH***
Was expecting a spicey puppet to jump scare out of the bush
A M B U S H P R E D A T O R
hahahaha that was pleasantly unexpected 
Pssst psst kid... have some catnip?
Dangerously adorable
Awwwww! Adorable! :D
Gave me the biggest smile this morning. 
Hiya!
Prepare for trouble!

Make it double!

Meowth! That's right!
Well, perhaps poking the bushes agitated them, hence the danger response? Not saying that I wouldn't poke them, all the time...
Bushes is where the stork drops off kittens 
I want a Danger Bush!!
Cutest way to lose a finger!
so cute:)

I knew you could grow your own kittens. Such a rare botanical specimen. 
I was hoping for a third one!
😂😂😂 So cute!
The first trailer for the new Jurassic Park movie. 
Where did you get this wonderful plant? I need to know. 
Thank you, I’m about to go to bed and this has just righted all the wrongs of the day.
I don't understand, what are they doing there? 😂
to play with cats, you have to pretend like you’re something they can kill. 
Scared the shit out of me when it first shot out
This game looks like fun. I would pay real moneyz to play!!
Water your cat bushes daily. This is the optimal feline forestry outcome. 
Happened once in college...
Aw neat. The Kitten Bushes are in bloom!
Peek a bush
Where do I get kitten seeds?
Woah, that bush *is* dangerous...
I didn't look at what sub this post was on and imagined a swarm of hornets coming out of the "Danger bush."
Awwwwwww
So cute until you realise they're waiting for birds to murder. Then just kinda cute
I would have said that trim I got in Haiti was the danger bush
They must have awful fleas 
So if you're going to repost someone else's content and straight steal their title, how about at least [crediting the source](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/6o4e9d/danger_bush/)?
Every damn time I try to tickle a bush...
You know how fast id snatch them into my home?
I was waiting for Sean Spicer to jump out at the end.
I was expecting a tiny danger noodle. I'm only mildly disappointed. 
Now my phone has forcibly been made obsolete 
Three kittens in a bush is worth many scratches on your hands...
*flings my entire body into the bushes*
It's like reverse whack-a-mole.
Cuteness overload 
I saw this on my homepage and didn't realize that it came from /r/aww. Was expecting resurrection fern, but pleasantly surprised.
I think if i sprinkled some cat food on a bush like this at my place i would end up with a scarier danger bush
There must be like 30 of them! Entire cat civilization hidden in the bush!
I wish all bushes could be danger bushes
KILL IT KILL IT! #THECHINESEWERERIGHT
Take all my upvotes. 
LAW AND ORDER
How does one grow a cat bush?
Is this fortnite gameplay?
That's what happens with Demacian cats.
Believe it or not, “Danger Bush” is now how my ex is listed in my phone.
I needed this today. 
Predatory instincts.
I flinched when the cat came out.
r/HitMAnimals
It’s all danger bush. Never get out of the boat. 
Gosh how many dangers does that bush hold? A different one popped out each time!
This is essentially a game of whack-a-mole. Only with cats. And I don't want to whack them but take them all home and love them.
Teehee
I have a feeling she is looking for the third kitten.
r/Hitmanimals 
I would do this until they stopped.  The first was the best because you aren’t sure what is will be. 
[deleted]
Dangerously cute. 
Swat kats
I squeee inside every time I see this gif.
Indeed. Java sucks. C master race.
How many cats are in there?? Haha 
The attack of the awws. 
That was so exciting; they just kept coming! I surely thought it would only be two little kitties, but then!
Fortnite battle Royale in a nutshell
How many cats have you got in there? Haha
I was startled. 
I love when you poke the bush and the Kitty jumps out at you. 
r/thecatdimension
The harvest is bountiful this year.
This is getting out of control! Now there are two of them!
can someone give me the exact coordinates to this bush please 
Rengar??
Omg
The black one with the white paws looks just like my kitty 
I’m dead 
DANGER ZONEEEE!!!!
very funny this cats :))
Not gonna lie ... got jumpscared 
The three may never coexist 
I thought this was going to be those plants that curl up when you touch them.
r/unexpected
Three separate kittens. God damn that just overloaded the cuteness scale by over 3000 points
My middle name's danger
You must be growing cat- nip. 

Da da dudah da.....Boop (holy crap)!
Who needs moats and knights and trapdoors when you’ve got your own organic, all natural hedge of predatory beasts?
I thought you were trying to trick me into rewatching it over and over then I realised 1st and 3rd were different.
Pokemon  battle music plays
So so cute! When I was little we used to have kittens that played in the bushes too - super cute!
Cute!
I see you like to play with danger.
Pet-a-Puss. This is the less dangerous feline equivalency to Whack-a-Mole. 
Haha 2little cute Cat 😘😘😘
I thought it was going to be spiders.
hehehheehehhhehe aww ehheheheheheh
Is that 3 kittens in a bush or just 2? Either way - thats a nice bush
This video gives me life 
/r/thecatdimension
Did anyone else jump a bit?
Really this the most dangerous!!
I was totally thrown off by the 2nd cat and was expecting the 1st cat to jump again. Then the 3rd cat just threw me off . 

Ahhh kittens 
A TRUE HUNTER NEVER RESTS!
Someone needs to put this on 
r/peoplefuckingdying.
Ffffff
It's the gif that keeps gifing, 3x the floof!
[removed]
That’s how wild pokemons pop up from bushes
Danger to my bank account when I adopt more kittehs!
I think it is really just one cat using different disguises. Don’t be fooled people! 
Later that day he Knew he messed up when he realized the kittens were covered head to toe with fleas......
r/fortniteBR currently.
Is this how pokemon appear when you walk on bushes?
POOOOKE IN-TOOOO THE DAAAAANGER BUUUUUUSH!! *guitar rifts*
Reverse whack-a-mole: cat edition 
Demicats 
Hey its Fortnite
Holy shit that was the cutest thing I've seen all morning
Jurassic Purrk
Real life Meowth farm
A catnip bush
/r/fortniteBR
The original children of the forest
Sir, back away from my cat nip.
On the pathway to the "Danger bush"...
A kitten in hand is worth *three* in the bush? Accounting for inflation, of course.
A man filmed his last moments...
good to see
The cats are defending their homelands
This is why cats are evil
Haha -_-
Took me two and a half watch-throughs to confirm that, indeed, the first and last kittens are two different kittens.
Those cats really ambushed him.

The harvest is bountiful this season.
Land of Cats Hidden in the Shrub 
So many innuendos can be made here. 
It is a good shrubbery, I like the laurels particularly.....
From a shrubber.  
The bush conceals a doorway to /r/thecatdimension 
Do you want to lose your finger? Because that’s how you lose your finger
The first time the cat pooped out scared the shit outta me. 
FUCK! THERE"S DANGER IN THAT BUSH! KILL IT!
Was not expecting the second Meow. Excellent bush strategy as always.
It's the rarely-seen Pop-Out Floof Shrub!
My time has come. 
Cats are cute and I love them
Fortnite all over again
Funny, that was my nickname in high school
My kind of danger
Are they giant cats or is that a really small forest?
roles reversed: https://tenor.com/view/whack-afinger-cat-play-gif-3985072
Is this the next update for fortnite?
Welcome to the danger bush!
THEY'RE IN THE WALLS!
Awwe 😍
r/blackcatgingercat
this must be one of those predatory plants i keep hearing about
Huahua
I encountered quite a bit of danger bush in college
So damn cute
I lost it when I saw the second cat. 
I came here to alleviate the depression my football team has brought upon me. xD. Kitties you make life worth living.
How many can be in there?? haha
Was this filmed vertically?
Coulda sworn I saw this posted in the Disneyland subreddit a few months ago. Said it was in the Fantasyland Bushes? Tomorrowland? I can’t remember.
You know you've made a good post when the lad bible are jacking your content. 
Ladies and gentlemen, I give you the latest in home security
Ok reddit, how do I make this a live photo for my iphone’s lock screen?
Paging r/leagueoflegends to make a "my teams rengar" meme
My kind of danger bush
Or "Bush With No Birds (Anymore)"
Not all heroes wear capes
I want a bush full of kittens. 
Top 10 Anime Twists of 2017
Trapdoor kittens!
Hiiiighwayyy toooooo the danger bush! 
That first one just killed me so quick and random! 🤣🐺
I was hoping for a third danger kitty
Funny.
*inhales* BOI
Clever girl 
The second one made me mouth "OH SHIT". Little bugger hella surprised me.
Another view into the upside down world
What is this magical bush full of kittens?!
Whack a mole!
Scary but cute LOL Gotta love kitties
Cats are the best 
:D 
Reminds me of ‘Over the Hedge’
Like something out of a horror movie.
Now I have to know, exactly how many kittens are in this bush?
I saw something super similar to this in Paris outside of Notre Dame. There are yards and yards of these bushed and if you tap on them or leave good little animals come out but they're rats. So many rats.
