Hi, it's me, Buster from HR.   Just checking in.  Let me know if there is anything you need.   Nice shoes, they look delicious.
I bet my work quality would go through the roof if while dealing with stressful calls, a golden retriever keeps pawing me to pet him/her.

Gerald Ford had a Golden retriever, and when meetings with foreign dignitaries were particularly stressful, he'd arrange for the dog to "randomly" burst into the room and be a golden retriever, often cutting the tension entirely as a dopey sweet pup paws and bumbles up to the new scents in the room.
So golden retrievers *CAN* look sad.
Employee morale at an all time high

Employee productivity at an all time low
Yaaaaa I'm going to need you to pet the shit out of me... Then get to the TPS reports.
Office dog?  I just found my new corporate milestone to strive for. 
Pet that baby damn it!
First, give him some pets.

Second, it appears you need a new office chair.
[removed]
I too have an office, er firehouse, dog.

http://imgur.com/ZkWM682

Quint
Sorry Greg, we're going to have to let you go. Have your desk cleaned out by the end of the day. Except for the treats. You can leave those.
Wish I could replace all the fucking humans in my office for
Office Dogs. 
you can give everyone lint brushes for the Holidays 
Were you eating lunch at yours desk?  That looks like a "can I have a bite?" face. 
I too have an office dog and he is still waiting on those TPS Reports. https://imgur.com/l1NnKoG
Sure, he does that and it's adorable. But *I* go and put my hand on my coworker's lap and suddenly it's a whole big "thing".
Give him some bones, for Varrock diary 
If I was having a shitty day and this dog came around, it would lift my mood, for sure.
Can confirm, he does increase productivity.

This is my fiance's family dog Louie. Here he is as a puppy 

https://i.imgur.com/oTVj99J.jpg

and finishing his TPS reports 

https://i.imgur.com/9HGru5C.jpg

The secret is keeping treats in your desk.  It makes everyone think you're the dog's favorite.
I want an office dog :(
What happened to his whiskers? 
What if he’s one of those super dogs and he smells your imminent death and came to say goodbye one last time?  Pease make sure you post tomorrow, if you don’t we will know why. 


I'm glad you took paws to your day and said hello.
"Brian, I've got some bad news for you buddy, HR found out what you did in the canteen."

"What do you mean Office Dog? I haven't been in the canteen today."

*Office Dog places his paw on Brian's lap*

"Brian, you were in the canteen man, tell them you were in the canteen. Take the fall for Office Dog."
my naem iz dog  
i werk here too  
and when you sad  
I sit with you  

I haz a paw  
Put on your laps  
you feel speshul   
I get snak?    
Dog: We need a order of 400 tennis balls. Make it quick buddy.
We need to talk about your performance. You're well below your peers in giving pets and reassuring good boys.
Wow, he gets special treatment for sure. Probably sleeping with the boss.
Altogether now: awwwww
Fun fact: Office dogs are often trained to comfort those who are about to be let go....
Dog places paw on lap. "Ruff day at the office, pal?"
W O R K B O Y E
I need to work there
He looks so concerned! “yeah so just let me know if you need anything, okay? If you need a paw to hold or a fur to cry into, I’m your man!”
"Look, Man - that is your name, right - whatever. Anyways, I'm sorry. It's just the boss, well, he gave me a talking to today, at the eval.

He called me a Bad Boy."
I love this sub because I can have dog cuteness with no allergic reaction, but sadly I could not work in a place with office dogs.
I work from home, this is every day for me with my dog.  It's marvelous.
Let's see if we can get this up voted as many times as EA has been downvoted.
"Sorry, boss, but I won't be getting any work done today."

"What?! Why the hell not, Jenkins?"

*shows picture*

"Say no more. Give 'em a few pets for me, too."
You're next to die.
He looks sad, like he hasn’t been told he’s a good boy. 

Make sure you tell him how good of a boy he is.
My office allows pets. We haven't had one in a while since one of the girls moved away, but we are getting one next week named Wally. One of the guys got his family a puppy for his wife's birthday and he will be joining us for a while. 
This is genius.  When I work from home, my dogs won't leave me alone because they demand all the petting.  Bringing them to the office divides that labor right up!
Step 1: get office.

Step 2: get office dog
https://i.imgur.com/hUZemOA.jpg 
Remember not everyone in your office likes dogs. Be respectful of them as well.
Wanting to let you know he is there to lift your spirits and that you have a friend.
He looks like he is there to fire you and is really sad about it.
He's so adorable!
He looks like a ginormous puppy!! Sooo cute!! :)
Look Dan, it's about your TPS reports...
Is this your way of blaming the pup on the chair you chewed up?
blessed image
I hope he's not like that nursing home cat who hangs out with people that are about to die. 
"Hello. Pet me please."
Every job should have some animals around, it helps a lot.
Did someone cut office boye’s whiskers?!?!
I'm gonna need you to come in Saturday, we are behind on our fetch reports.
He looks so sad..  Quick, give him treats!
I wish I had a beautiful puppy like that where I work. I do think it would help morale and productivity. I have worked in places that were all business, no pleasure allowed, boss made everybody miserable. Then places that were lighthearted, fun, caring, and upbeat. The happy places were more successful in the end. Miserable people do miserable work. 
R u OK? I hope your ok. Have some courage. Here, I'll place my paw on your thigh to symbolise my support. Have a good productive day, woof! 

- doggo probs 
What a furry Angel!!
“Caren, I’m gonna need you to quit your bull shit and get to work” - the dog probably 
13/10 would boop snoot.
Hey lvl99slayer, 

The office upstate called... I've gotta let you go. Sorry we had to meet under such ruff consequences. I'll walk you out. 
"If you could just chew this bone by 5, that'd be great."
You have been blessed by morale doggo, pat many times for motivation
Every office based job needs an office dog or cat tbh.
poor dog stuck in some shitty office lol... take him to the park why dont ya!
What do I have to do to find a job where they have an office dog like this?
When I was in college we had an “office dog” at the place that I worked at. I worked in the office at a skydiving drop zone and there was a stray that they took in years before I ever arrived. They dubbed her mama dog. She was there years before I came around. One day she passed away, and it was a sad day indeed. Jumpers that worked with us took her ashes and jumped and spread her ashes in the air, as you would with your fellow skydiver that passed with some of their ashes. RIP Mama Dog.
Office dogs really boost morale and make the day go faster.
"You're fired."
Dog: We need a new chair.
Unpopular opinion (I think): I hate office dogs/pets or when people bring their dogs/pets to work. Best case scenario: they are just a distraction/interruption from the work I came to the office to do. Worst case scenario: they are annoying, barking, farting, chewing on my or other people's stuff and messing with allergies... If I wanted to be around a dog, I'd get a dog. 
Let me preface my question with the statement that I love dogs and animals in general, however: I am allergic. I cannot have a dog or cat at home. I have to take a pill whenever I visit my mom because she has a cat. That pill makes me sleepy and I can't take it for more than 5 or 6 days in a row, because it just stops working then.

Have all the people in the office been asked if it's ok to bring the dog? I would have to take the medicine and my productivity would suffer significantly.
Thats so kool! Im glad you had that wonderful experience friendo! Give that dog a hug next time you see him =) 
Pleaaaase I NEED TO GO OUT
Well I'm sorry to say but you haven't given me the alotted belly rubs today so we are unfortunately going to have too let you go.. good boy get on now, get out.
'How ya doin' today Steve? You OK?'
Y-You have been chosen, OP. I do hope you gave him affection.
[deleted]
I've always wondered how an "office" dog/pet works. Is it actually 1 person's pet that they bring in? If not, who walks/feeds the dog, especially late night and weekends haha.
7 Days.....
I'm here to talk to you about your evaluation. 10/10 a good boy.
I want an office dog :(
I wish I worked in an office. Nice dog too. 
If he's the office dog, aren't you the one visiting him everyday?
That means you're going to have a seizure. 
Less work, more scritches and schmackos 
My employer is dog friendly to the point that on most days, there are one or two dogs hanging out in the front office near reception. I'm also able to bring my dog to work on occasion, which is awesome. More companies should really do this. It does impact morale in a very positive way.
r/dogswithjobs
"Hi! First off, sorry about the arm of the chair. It tasted like salt. Which reminds me, what did you bring for lunch?"
If you could just pet me, that would be greeeaaaaaat.
Great idea, helps people make it through the day
“I’m gonna need those TPS reports by the end of the day, human... and I’m gonna need you to come in to work on Saturday.”
His head is so fluffy and cute 
Put him on HR. He will be the only person in that department who cares about you lol
Good Boy!
Are those 13 gallon trashbags? 
I'm fairly new to Reddit and this just made me realize how awesome it is.
Looks like there really *are* rewards when you upvote fast enough.
this my foot
Wow that dog looks allot like our office dog. I'm the only one that brings treats in for her lol. 
Excuse me Todd? We have a vary strict no cell phone policy here at work. 
This maybe the cutest dog (other than my own) that I’ve seen. Look at his little face, so much love and beauty! 
I need to talk to you about your pawformance review.
They keep asking me "who's a good boy?" Do you know whos a good boy? Can you direct me to his dept.
You must be in public sector, like me.  That torn chair-arm looks like every office chair I've ever had.

Now I want an office puppy.
Two years ago HR was like:

*"Hey everyone, good news! We're going to staff a full-time Therapy Dog to help everyone out with stress relief. Due to that, our budget for office furniture has been slashed, so when things like your arm rests start cutting into your forearms, just page the pup. Thanks!"*
Ughhhhh I love dog friendly offices!!! My office is dog friendly, but mine is mean to people (cocker spaniel) and my boss’s pups (German shepherds) peed in the conference room so they’re not allowed anymore!!!
“Hi fren. 

I need you to gib belly rubs. Then if you could get those quarterly chimken nugger reports... with the nuggers, that would be great.” - Doggo probably. 
really? no one? r/dogswithjobs 
U HAVE BEEN VISITED BY OFFICE DOGGO

SCRATCH THE GUD SPOT FIVE TIMES OR BE HAUNTED FOR FIVE YEARS.
He’s looking for those TPS reports and wanted to let you know he’s going to need you to come in on Saturday mmmkay yeah that’d be great.
Kenny's a therapy dog. He apparently thinks you're in some kind of emotional crisis.
Every office needs a dog. Stress gets snuggled away 
Every office should have a office dog

I propose we sign a petition to get this added to our constitution as an amendment - let’s call it “Affable Canine Accompaniment” or ACA for short 
Office dawggg
Omg i want an office dog and i dont even work in an office!
I'm surprised you get any work done. Ruff day, huh?
Commenting so it’s not 666 on this cute picture 
“Look, I know it’s been a ruff quarter but we need to speak about your paw performance...”
Holy shit: I know that pupper!  More importantly, I recognize that carpet pattern and possibly the layout of this desk right across from the Owner! This is going to drive me crazy.. Would you happen to work for a certain PC recycling business located..lets say near DC?  
I don’t know him but I love him. 
We also have a golden for an office dog. Ours is named Walker and he’s about as smart as a brick. He only cares about tennis balls, which is great because when the boss is getting a little too crazy, I huck a tennis ball into his office and yell “whoops, it was for Walker”
10 out of 10 I'd go to the office every day.

Can't promise I would be entirely productive though! 
"Doth thou hast but a single bite of pepperoni?"
Every dog has his day
Best co-worker ever.  
I think police stations should have office dogs. They could help alleviate the officer's stress and could comfort children who are there.
If that dogs name was Toby I would laugh my ass off
We need an office dog. Someone who will listen, not judge, and love
We got shut down at work about having a pet day. Apparently some people potentially having deathly allergies or something. Always pandering to the minorities this world is. 
This dog understands your pain. He knows you don’t want to be in a cube. Look at his face. He knows. He’s here to help. 
My new goal in life is to work somewhere with an office dog. OP, what do you do for a living and are there any vacancies?
Doggo- "can I finish chewing your arm rest?"
I think that chair has been in more years of service than you.
“I’m going to need you to come in on Saturday...”
I wish I had an office dog
I had a yellow lab that I brought to the office everyday. He really increased the morale as people just get happy with dogs. He was kind of an asshole so he only truly visited people that gave him treats (I sent out numerous emails about not doing it cause he would explode in my apartment). He passed a year ago and I adopted an Anatolian Shepherd mix. He's all white and kind of scary looking if his ridge row goes up, but he's a giant sweet heart. He's bringing the morale up except for 2 that are scared of him so he's scared of them. I've told them to just kneel and let him smell you, but they're just scared of dogs, I guess. 
he's about to give you your walking papers.
Youve been choosen! 😄
Oh my god I want him
Do you work for Lisa Frank?
I wish my office had an office dog, you are lucky!
Wish we had an office dog
That is adorable! 

My husband works at home and employs two “desk dachshunds”. Their duties include looking out the window and shaking at squirrels. They have a ramp to their workplace and everything. If hubby is working, the desk dachshunds are on duty. 
Pffft, my office has *two* office dogs and one is an obnoxiously cute (and obnoxious) puppy. 
I keep telling my bosses we need an office dog but I have a feeling they know I would play with it all the time and neglect my work.
I always wondered about these office dog situations. Does the dog go home with someone? Does he love there? Is the boss his owner? Does he go home with different people every few days?
"me and this dog are really bonding". "actually, this is a therapy dog~ he must be sensing a crisis"
He looks quite concerned about you... maybe time for that annual physical?
[You have been visited by a dog](https://pics.me.me/you-have-been-visited-by-a-dog-18687708.png)
Sweet Muppet.  If you were in Colorado, you could have an office full of them and nobody would flinch.
He came to apologize for the monster that destroyed your chair and to assure you it wasn't him. Promise. 
"I can haz raise?"
I work for a pet insurance company and we are, of course, pet friendly. Jack, my Golden Retriever, is scheduled to work on Mondays and acts as the office therapy dog. If someone is having a tough day, they come over and cuddle with him and he comforts them. 
I grew up with a golden that my family adopted when I was a toddler, and every time I see a post like this I cry a little because of how much I miss him. So much love in a little armful of fluff.
I'm pretty sure this is the guy that touched his nose to my ass.  #metoo.
And here is our little bundle of joy on attack mode, he smells stress and ensures we are all stress-proof coworkers :D https://i.imgur.com/dk5UXuq.jpg
I would not get any work done. 
We also have an office Golden, he is head of HR and security (robs fedex man of his cookies).

https://imgur.com/a/UaqU7
Did you tell him that he’s a good boi??
WHAT A SWEET SUCH A SWEET SWEET FACE!!!!!! ITS KILLING ME MY EYES ARE WATERING
"help, you gotta get me out of here"
I would get no work done with that doggie around
YOU ARE THE CHOSEN ONE.
I wonder if having an office dog boasts moral int he workplace...
He looks like he wants his stapler back. I think it's a red swingline.
Hi. Hello. Hi. Doggo here. Hello. Please to let me finish destrukshun of arm pads please. ok? okaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyy
Hooman please. I need schmackos or I'm gonna be a really sad boye :(
[I'm actually tearing up. So sweet. Such a good boy.](https://m.popkey.co/d8be6a/0Jex5_s-200x150.gif?c=popkey-web&p=funny_or_die&i=funny-or-die-ent&l=similar&f=.gif)
[I also have an office friend. ](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/7ct966/i_see_your_office_boye_heres_the_good_boye_at_my/?st=J9Z4ZAQA&sh=f6aeade3https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/7ct966/i_see_your_office_boye_heres_the_good_boye_at_my/?st=J9Z4ZAQA&sh=f6aeade3) 
Humans in cubes and individual rooms all day. He’s the only dog. He probably thinks he’s at the zoo or a kennel for humans or something. 
I work for a dog friendly company and the only time these doggos come by is when I’m opening a bag or have food in my hand. 
take a minute to play with him and show him that he is more important than anything
"I'm sorry Jimmy, but you're fired"
Office dog can boost up your morale in a coat,slippers and a dog.
I would be awesome to have a feeling they have permitted to come in on Saturday..
Looks like he was in my office and yell “whoops, it was for Walker”
The dog looks every bit as unhappy about being at work as I usually am.
He smells your cancer. 
W O R K B O Y E
I feel bad for my kid in 15 years when he hits the workforce. Every office is gonna have an office dog and he is super allergic to them. 
It’s bad enough that we had to rehome our black lab. 
Bleh, Pass on this and any job that has an office dog.  

I hate this new world order where people take their pets wherever they want whenever they want. 
What a good doggo! I hope you gave him ear skritches and a treat! 
Thats the branch manager!
I would be interested to know what percentage of office chairs currently in use today are complete shit. Not saying yours is op (though the giant tear on the arm might suggest it's seen better days), I just know that in my office probably 95% of them are hand me downs that are utter trash and belong in a dumpster. 
That's one hell of a way to boost morale and kill productivity haha
What call center do you work in?
He smells cancer and he's trying to tell you
I'm new to Reddit and earlier I posted "this pupper needs a pet." I got five down votes for that comment. Did I do something wrong???
that face. good lord. is precious. 
GIVE HIM WHATEVER HE WANTS!!!
Omg so cute. I wish my job did that
You pet that pupper right now
So cool! Fuck people with allergies!
I have 8 bosses Bob, check that 9 bosses...
Is this the guy who answers the phone?
Is his name Webster!?
That's how you boost morale in a company!
“Hate to break it to you Dan, but it looks like we’re going to have to let you go.”
This is an omen. You or someone close to you is about to be accused of sexual misconduct.
How do you get any work done!?  I would be far too distracted to do anything but snuggle! 
Nice shoe(s). 
Are there any vacancies? I want to apply for a position
just imagining how soft that cute pup is... damn i wish i had a dog to pet rn :(
Crying right now. Tears of Joy. 
No treat? Okay, I leave now.
Sorry to hear about your cancer.
How does anyone in that office get any work done?
He's like that retirement cat that used to pick people who were going to die soon.

Expect a pink slip soon, sorry OP.
What a face. I was trying to figure out what his look means - love? Worry? Sadness? Please pet me? 

Then it hit me. I know that look. It's pity. This dog pities you.
I just met him and I love him
Aww, look at those eyes! Turns a grown man into a baby looking at those eyes.
From the looks of one of the dog's eye, do you have dual monitors at your work spot?
TPS report or PETS! 
And productivity has dropped to zero...
Goals
this will save the world.  why is this not  a movement?
I’m gonna cry 
That's actually the bad news bearer dog, he places his paw on his lap and says "I'm sorry bill we are going to have to let you go this a though decision but it's been made, we are sorry"
Last office dog I saw was a golden retriever too and he came up and did this then he tried to bite my goddamn face off. Little fucking asshole dog.
It’s been a ruff day huh?!

Haha funny! Almost as funny as your performance last quarter Karen...
Let me guess. The dog is employee of the month
Aww he's so cute!
"Have you seen my chew toy?"
I need this at my office.  
came here for the chair comments
Son, I bare you grave news.
He looks sad because your chair is shabby.
He's here for the dapper shoes!
What's it's name?
You been blessed!
the condition of that arm rest is how you know this is a real office
Oh no. And he already started destroying your chair!

Nice shoes, tough. 
Science rules.
Hey will it’s buddy from accounting. I heard you’ve been having a tough time getting some reports in. Are you ok? You need anything? A pet? A squeaky toy? I got you will.
That expression is perfect, he looks like he's about to drop the worst news to this guy. 

Dog: "Dave you've been a loyal member of this company for years but HR is making cutbacks. Pack your things and don't make this harder than it has to be. I'll be downstairs waiting with your severance pat"

"Bill, we need to talk about your work performance. I noticed yesterday your ball throwing was at an all time low for the month."
I would get nothing done if he was in my office. 😍
You're next 
I do landscaping and I love going to a place to pick up materials or something and they had a shop dog. There's a sod farm that has an old lab and that dog is so chill!
Is the monday financials done yet? I dont want to have to write you up

-dog
Great, now I'm crying in the middle of traffic
So, y'all hiring? 
OMFG
It's so adorable I loves it.
Looks like he's visited your chair before.

Source: Have a Golden. Coincidentally, all of my furniture got chewed up at some point.
Good ol Goldens. I must have one!!!
"Jim, we need to talk about your performance. You need to increase your deliverables of treats and pets on a regular basis. Your scritches per day is down by 5%."
Where do you people work? 
The chair though.... /r/wellworn
Nice...
Judging by the chair's arm, it may not be the first time he has visited that chair..
Mr. Jenkins: I'm sorry /u/lvl99slayer ...I'm here to inform you your request for a raise was denied..I'm sorry
I officially hate my job.
Hopefully Kevin doesn’t work there, you know he just ate Cheetos, and will touch the dog. 
What a nice way to say you're fired.
Keep treats around. It only takes one or two to keep him coming back! :D
I'm here for my treat now.

Playing is also strongly encouraged.
Handsome haircut for a handsome boye
You have an OFFICE DOG? 
Thought: "This can't get cuter..." 

Click on pic. Paw on lap...

It got cuter.
Where do you work and are you hiring? 
His face looks like it's made of the finest velvet. 
I want an office dog who visits me today :(
That's so cute! I would give him a treat if I were you. 
"We need to have a frank discussion about your performance and your future with this company."

"I already told you, belly rubs are not part of my job description."
The cuddle monster is gonna get you!  I need to snuggle with this dog
We do not deserve dogs
You were chOSEN!
HR Dog: "due to redundancies your services are no longer required"
You give him all the pats and treats ASAP!
hi is your office hiring?
He's sad that you have to sit on that chair. Ask management or whoever's in charge to replace your chairs. Do it for the office dog. 
In Napoleon Dynamite's voice: Luckyyy
Only a dog can boost up your morale in the office.

This and Michael Scott
Aw who's a good boy 😊
Lol eny left over 
he can disrupt my work any day.  
I am a melted puddle of awwwwwwwwwwwwwww goo.  
This sounds like a step by step guide to becoming A successful politician in United States 
Where can I apply for your job?
Touched by the hand of doG. 
shoes > chair
Oh my gosh! Those lovely brown eyes!!!!
He gives good paw!
So what is that crumb on your pants?  I zoomed in it looks like it might be bacon.  
"I'm not sure how to tell you this Jim, but we're letting you go"
I bet he gets so many boops on that beautiful snoot of his
Nina!
Dog: “Dwight let me do the work today..”
Dwight: “Jim.... is that.. you?”
"Hello Jim....you're fired. Thanks for the belly rubs."
I was told there would be head scratches.
He looks like a teddy bear
I am going to need those TPS on my desk by Friday, mmmbark.
It would give me something else to do at work besides look at Reddit.
Your office needs new chairs
Where does he sleep?
What a cutie! I am very fortunate that I get to take my two girls to work with me every day.
Did haz patz?
Every single office should have an office dog.  It would improve and enrich the lives of so many workers and save countless dogs who might not get a home otherwise.  (And yes, obviously someone has to take him home during off hours but that can be worked out).
sorry we have to lay you off
Distraught doggo :/
Goldens always seem to want to hold hands with people. Whenever I'm petting my golden, she insists on some handholding. 
Office dog always gets employee of the month 
You've been chosen 
"Hi, Im GOOD BOY, from HR. I am adorable, you're right, but if you would please get back to work, ma'am."
My dog used to the same with me. 
He would also put his nose under my hand and start to lift until I would pet his head.
I miss him.
Is that the chair you got 99 slayer in? That chairs seen some hours
Lifegoal:  work in a place that has an office doggo.
The office doggo needs to come visit my work place
 Dat face I just want to kiss 💋 
Surely he made you pawsitive
"Yyyyyyeah I'm gonna need you to come in on saturday for some pets". 
Mista mista get me outta here!!
Employee of the year 
You have been chosen 
That might be one of the sweetest faces I've seen in weeks! :-)
Just wanted to let you know, I'm your new boss.
Every office should have a dog. What an amazing idea.
Mike.. hmmmmmm i need to work this weekend on those TPS reports..
Our company has a dog friendly policy.  You can bring in Dogs after they are tested and deemed "Friendly"
Where do you work and where do I apply?
"I'm worried about your sales numbers..."
Holy adorable
He looks like he needs to talk to you about the Hendricks account.
Hes their for his weekly pets...
Office dog?
Much love dis dog. I want one. Do you know the breeder? The color is fabulous 
GOODBOY
Do office dogs LIVE in the office? or just stay there during work hours?
Tell me more about this office dog
Yes please. 
You have been visited by the doge of good fortune, upboop his snoot for 7 hours of good luck!
‘I just heard Barry in accounts say you’re a dickweasel. I’m so sorry.’
He would have visited my house too .
He's adorable. You need a new chair. Are you in insurance?  
I don't know how I seem resemblance in things, for example I think this dog looks similar to a buffalo.
I want an office job now
I also have an office dog. She's a good doggo. Very skittish Australian shepherd, but her owner died. His wife has her now and she always looks so sad. Cheers her up to come say hello and always wants butt scratches.  Not on her butt but on the base of her tail. Just FYI.
Who looks after the dog at night? I’m assuming he’s not left in the office alone over night. Totally offering my services to dog sit if that’s the case. Or even if it’s not.
I just want a job where I’m allowed to have a dog inside :( 
My boss always told me if the snow got too bad, I could bring my dog with me to work. Because I lived walking distance. One day it finally happened. The rest of the office came in about five hours after I did and he was psyched about my dog.

He is the only guy I've ever seen my dog despise (and she *adores* men). She growled and snapped at him every time he tried to pet her. I've never seen her act like that before or since. He was an asshole, but she's a terrible judge of character. I wasn't allowed to bring her in anymore after that.
Am I the only one who wants a better look at those shoes? I love the color!
Please contact Facilities about that chair. 

Cute pupper tho. 
Best HR rep ever
sucide is not the answer
ahh i need you to do some over time thankkksssssss
He looks so concerned... must have had a ruff meeting 😕
Where is this, and can I work there?
Nice dog and nice shoes.  You could use a new chair though.  Take one from the person who wears crocs to the office.
DO you work at Buzz recruitment?  I have a funny feeling they have an office dog that looks similar to this pupper.
The arm rest says stressful job.  The dog says, "Relax, buddy.  It's just a job".
I would have thought I died and went to heaven if we had an office dog when I was working...
Give him whatever he wants
I wish we had an office dog. 

Doggo has guilty look from eating your armrest when you are away.
The thought of an office job sounds way less draining if an office dog was guaranteed. 
I work in healthcare. Can I have an office dog?

Please? 

PLEASE!?
That dog wants you to hold its hand. 
Yea I’m gonna need you to come in on Saturday..
We need one around here, it will reduce a lot of stress.
I'm here for that quarterly report
Dogs are great for workplace morale. When I deployed to Egypt every site had two dogs and it was great. 
Well?  Did you give him his good boy treat?
That terrible chair makes the dog look even cuter! 
r/dogswithjobs
Concerned boye worries about your work/life balance.
HE CAN DO NOTHING WRONG
Does someone take him home every day? I'd hate that the poor dog would be stuck in an office for 16 hours while no one was there
Needs to ding a better groomer
He hate the tomate
Hey. You doing alright?
😢
Who walks the dog?  Who feeds the dog?  What about on weekends and holidays?
I’m a FedEx delivery driver and the offices/businesses that have dogs are more upbeat and genuinely happier for the 3 minutes I’m in them. It’s a weird phenomenon because at my job dogs usually spell trouble
Your username doesn't check out!!! 

Plus, that dog would make me go to work, everyday...
"He's actually a therapy dog. The way he's acting means he thinks you're in great distress."
Does he go home with someone or is he left in the office?
Those shoes from kohls? 

I think I have the same pair if they are.
I had a client a few years ago that had multiple dogs at the office. People were just allowed to bring their dogs to work. They even had a puppy playroom indoors that the dogs could use if they wanted to, but otherwise just roamed around cheering people up. It was an amazing place to visit. 
Give that dog whatever it wants!!
I'm just here for the stapler
"Did you not get the memo about the new TPS cover sheets?"
I'm interested in hiring your office dog here at Wolf Cola.

Does he have any goodboi references?
That dog is way too cute to be in an office
looks like inappropriate touching to me
Looks like Daryl Hannah.
2 dogs at work. One time the small one took a shit in the bosses office
So curious if he's an office dog does he stay overnight
Doggo: I really need those TPS reports, asap, mkay?
I like you, but we're going to have to let you go.
Who does the dog go home with everyday? Sorry if it’s a dumb question but I hope he has a real home/family 😭
You need a new chair.
Ahhhhh what a cutie. This would make me so happy. I would love to work in a dog friendly office - especially if all my fellow employees were doggies. 
Who takes care of him/her? Is it a rotating schedule? 
he would have come in handy  during those pesky dungeon crawls that last hours on end while killing mithrils.
Looks like he knows you're gonna die soon
I have those same shoes lol
Love this.   Wish we had a dog visit work every day
Why does it look like someone cut his whiskers
I am usually scared of dogs but this one looks pretty cute.
Legit my heart can't take this
Good Boi supervisor. 
That's amazing I wish my office had something like that in my office. It would definitely cheer me up when I'm suffering from boredom
He looks like he wanted you to help him escape.
Get me a pillow! I just want to smother him to death he is so cute.
You need a new chair 
TIL Office dogs are a thing, that sounds flipping amazing.
OP go to the doctor.  Get checked for cancer.
plot twist: the dog detects grief/stress and is visiting you strictly professionally
Lucky You!
Im thinking more offices should have an office pet.  
we don't have an office dog, just a bunch of dogs. 
I wish we had an office dog at my job. 
too cute!
Hello little buddy ❤️
Gotta ask, is 'office dog' or even dogs in office places a common thing? I've never heard of, let alone seen, this but with how often I see it on reddit it makes me think that I'm missing out on something I never knew I wanted 
I think I would burst out in tears if this face walked up to me.
Stop taking photos and pet him! You’re a mean person
Business Cat is a meme - so should Business Dog.
"Now David, although it pains me to say this, we are going to have to let you g.... Oh my gosh a ball!" *runs away
So are goldens just free karma on this sub? Because if so...
He looks like he has a squishy face.
"Hello office person I love you."  
Those deadlines are rough
He looks so old and wise.
Bob? 
Omg a ginormous teddy bear:)
Now I want an office dog...
Does Doggo need attention
oh my gosh look at his squishy face ah
Serious question: where does this dog live/sleep?
Im about to cry right now. I may need to punch a chair in the bus to feel manly again
Op got escorted out of the building
Allergic to dog, must euthanize. 
Pawthorne effect
I wish could have a office dog at the food plant I work in... He could wear a hairnet and booties I guess. 
<3
Looks like Goldie has been gnawing on the arm rest. Good boy!!
Sweet pooch.
Where does an office pet sleep?
cute!!!
Best incentive to go to work. Where does he go at night? I'm curious as to how that works
No. He visited US today 
Hi doggie
Cute!
Did he chew on the arm rest?
Wish we could have an office dog, our office is so depressing.
Isn't it painful to trim a dog's whiskers?
"I'm sorry, but we're going to need you to clean out your desk. We need to reclaim this chair for chewing purposes."
I bet that dog went through several days of walking by his desk wanting to go up to OP but too nervous to go.  So in this pic he finally worked up the courage to come up to OP
Are you accepting applications?
awwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
