This is almost exactly how Khan Academy started back in the day!
I'm 27 and my 19 year old sister has to tutor *me* in math. :[
Reddit should rally together to get him another post-it note.
What a good Algebro.
Long live the internet: My brother thought that I was mad when I did this for my niece for her chemistry and maths homework (I still do it occasionally even though she is at university and gets stuck on some projects).
[deleted]
Good lad.
[deleted]
I'm so glad we are able to do this, my little sister lives half way across the world and it's the only way I get to see her 
The back of your roommates head looks like the back of Michael Cera's head.
I bet he’s a cool roommate too. Good on him. 
Let's get this to the front page so we can request Domino's to provide this proper lad with pizza for life.
Awww my brother used to help me with my calculus and stuff when I was in high school. But he was 12 and sitting at the table doing his own homework. 
I wish I had someone to lean on intellectually in college. But I was past the edge of all of my family's knowledge with Calculus. Maybe if I'd had someone to spend tons of time explaining it to me I'd be an engineer today instead of an accountant. 

My roommate in college was amazing at Calc but he just knew the stuff, and couldn't explain it. He advice was "well it does this and you get this answer. So... that's what you do... am I helping?"
That's so sweet. Good for both of them!
Please get him a notebook for Christmas.
Your roommate looks 12ish 
I'm the only reason my sister graduated high school. I didn't do it through FaceTime, but I helped her every night. She's intelligent, but she lacks focus. In the third grade, my mom got called to school because she climbed out of a window. The teacher turned around and she was gone. It was a low window, so it's not like she jumped or anything. She was outside watching ants drag a dead grasshopper. She's the dreamer of the family, and throughout school she'd rather have be anywhere but in a classroom. 
God I wish I had a normal brother. 
God. My brother and I were too early for this by about 15 years, and I ended up in film school while he ended up at the Pentagon. Typical. 
Tell your roommate he's a damn hero. Almost makes me teary eyed that someone is looking out for his little sis like that.
would love to send a phone stand!
[deleted]
More like my sis FaceTimes me to help me. 

She’s 7th grade. I’m a sophomore in college. 
Is this at UNT? The furniture is identical to what I had at McConnell Hall while I was there.
As a parent who can't help his son with Algebra i can say that his parents appreciate this more than his sister does!
Hey op - I’m a developer for Mathway, a website and app for math tutoring.  If your roommate’s sister can sign up for an account on Mathway.com, pm me the email address and I’ll give her a free subscription to help get her through Algebra.  
Now that's a good brother.  His sister will remember this kindness long after school is over.
UNT? Looks like it from the poster. 
Mine snores like an earthquake and I can't sleep.

Law of averages, I suppose.
This guy families right!
My sister and I are on ‘good terms’ if we didn’t try to decapitate the other one on a given day.
Does.. does that calculator have a backlight?
What a bro. 
You know why he is probably a good role model for his sister? He eats dominos not papa johns.
Finally, something that isn't pet-related.  Not that I hate, pets, but one can only take so many cute doggos in one day.
Thats the kind of man I want to marry.
Love it! What an awesome brother!
It's good to see the TI-84 CE. The color display on that calculator is worth the extra cash. It's easier to see which function is which. 
What a lad.
Wow that’s such a good brother. I can’t do that math is wizardry. I help mine proofread papers though.
What a nice guy!
What's his number? My algebra isn't going to do itself. 
This just warms my heart ❤️
Is it me or is people uploading other people private moments for karma super wierd
If this were a thing when I was in college, I would have facetimed my sister, yell "Learn it yourself dummy!" and ended the call.
George Michael is your roommate!!!?!!?!
Wouldn't it be easier to do this with the computer?  Or am I just old and these kids need to get off my lawn?
Awwwlgebra
You can gift him a phone case with stand this Christmas.
Top bloke.
Interesting that he chooses to use post-it notes as paper
Nothing like scrolling down reddit and find your niece and nephew on here. Hey OP, tell your roommate L hi for me.
Rocking that TI-84 CE-T plus
These are the reasons having an older bro is the best. My brother is basically my mechanic. If my car is making a weird noise, or I got an expensive quote back to fix something, I call my car wizard brother and he tells me what's what. He even tolerates my car idiocy. Conversations usually go like this: me "Bruuuhhh, my steering wheel is making this sound SSSQQREEEEEEFFFFFBRNRBNRBNRBNMMMM!".. bro "Ah yes, that could be your intermediate shaft". That story actually happened! It actually *was* my intermediate shaft. Tbh I'm surprised I actually still remember what the part was called. I guess, kids, that's what we call, learning.
This is the best. 
That's a good brother.
What a great brother
Michael Cera?
can we get this man a notepad so he doesn't have to do the algebra on a sticky note?
Why would she need an algae bra? 🤔
So heartwarming. I'm sure she's getting more out of it than just algebra tutoring - so nice for siblings to stay close like this.
Great lad.
These kind of people are my heros. Sometimes I look back and realize a was a bit of an asshole to my little sister. But props to this guy for doing what he does!
My sister in law did this with me. I’m completely math stupid but algebra and geometry came natural to her. I would never have been able to pass those 2 classes without her tutoring. I was 33 when she helped me lol.
The dominos box in the background tells me this is legitimate. 
Imagine if she was your x and u still asking y
Got the same calculator :)
is your roommate 12 years old?
/r/siblingsbeingsiblings
Michael Cera really is a cool dude. 
Solid TI-84 Plus CE
As a guy who just graduated college and is about to leave his hometown, this got me. 

Now I’m crying in an ice cream shop. Thanks I guess. 
That's a good brother. 
Did you get permission to post pictures of both your roommate and his sister on a public forum? 
Two plus two is four, minus one that’s three, quick maths!
How do we give him real life points?

Seriously, get that amazing heart laid. 

Use this example as his wingperson/roomie. So endearing it is unreal. 

You lucked out in the dorm draw to have a real considerate human to live with.

Kill uni together, please. 
Holy shit that guy looks like me from behind. That isn't me tho
Edit: I also FaceTime my sister to help her with algebra. I thought it was me for a second
As I sit here and procrastinate doing my algebra homework 
Awww, that's the sweetest thing! She's lucky to have a brother like him. 
Let’s crowdfund to get him a notebook so he doesn’t have to do algebra on post it notes anymore 
That's a good brother.
Putting this post on r/humansbeingbros would be too fitting
What a good brother. 
/r/fuckingmanly 
Good brother!
Quality roommate.  Quality brother. 
Is he writing everything on a post-it note to keep it at the same scale as the video? 

You should let him know he can use a larger pad and it will still scale well when he shows the work to her through the camera.
This is fucking cool. I wish I had an older sibling. 
That's how I help my gf with her programming homework :)

btw. he should really software which can share screens, so he can draw, write etc. It's very helpful!
My brother used to help me with Differential equations and Thermodynamics 101, that's why I dropped out of engineering and switched to Business ad.
[🎺🎺🎺🎺](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ZHtMeLXbqk)

I want a bro with a mind like a diamond

I want a bro who factors best

I want a bro with a calculator and

facetimes sis before a test

&nbsp;

I want a bro with the right kind of knowledge

who is fast

and thorough

and sharp as a tack

He's rearranging equations

he's solving for x

he's cross multiplying

and bringing variables back

I want a bro who FOILS expressions that are in brackets

&nbsp;

I want a bro who does math early ^^does ^^math ^^early

I want a bro who who does math late ^^does ^^math ^^late

I want a bro with uninterrupted digits of Pi ^^Uninterrupted

who uses trigonometry to solve 3 sided shapes

&nbsp;

with arithmatic that solves the problems

and a brain that is full of numbers and stats

he is fast

and thorough

and sharp as a tack

He's rearranging equations

he's solving for x

he's cross multiplying

and bringing variables back

I want a bro who FOILS expressions that are in brackets

&nbsp;
 
I want a bro who helps his sister

I want a bro whose math skills are evolved

At study hall we will meet accidentally

We'll start to talk when polynomials are solved

&nbsp;


he wants a phone with facetime ability

he wants a phone that will call his sis

He's changing his name

from Michaels to McGee

he's trading in his Casio for a black TI-83

I want a bro who FOILS expressions that are in brackets

your roommate looks like he’s 12
This so cute because the sister wants help from her older brother! As an older brother to three sisters, I sort of wish they would have asked me to help them more. :P 
From behind your roommate looks kind of like that lesbian League of Legends player for Cloud 9.
Literally /r/humansbeingbros
And then there are people who just open their pants and sit in front of omeagle. Daily.
Awww
My little brother has since taken Calculus 3, and when I heard, I felt sad because I can no longer help him with math (I'm a bio major).
Sticky note scrap paper FTW! Good bro
Your roommate looks 13. 
That's a weird cat.
God, college freshman are such adorable little 18 year old babies! 
I came here for puppies what is this
This is honestly why I want my mom to get high speed internet access. So I can help my sister with her homework. She lives a couple states away, but my mom lives out in the sticks and the best internet she can get is satellite, so it’s really frustrating :/
Yo TI calculators are backlit now?!
It takes a kid to teach another kid.  I tried to teach my 9-year old multiplication but apparently I am not teaching him right.  So many gimmicky tricks.  
Even if this was fake I have to upvote because it's too good. 
My older brother FaceTimes me every week to help me with computer science-- but it isn't as cute when you're 19...


How old is your roommate?
That is a contender for Brother of the Year.

Certainly a better brother than I have ever been. :-P
I LOVE FACETIME for reasons like this. I can hangout with my nephew and play with him, even though I’m far. 
Wish we had FaceTime when I was in college.  My little brother could have helped me with my calculus. 
But...but...technology is evil and tearing people apart!
Ahh, the dominos box and university soda cup, gotta love college.
I wish I had a family. 
Thats boss
"my roommate"
Your roommate looks eerily like myself from behind. 
That TI-84 Plus though! :P
That’s so very sweet
My god, he looks so young. I'm only a senior, but damn. Is it just me?
Wholesome brother 👏👏
That's cute. Duo offers better video quality though
Check his drawer for a death note.
I did this with my kid brother for a few years. Monday evenings were Math Night.
This is the sweetest thing ever! What a good guy :)
Is your roommate 10 years old?
I've been doing the same for my little cousin Kendra ever since she was in middle School and I was in highschool. Now I'm working on my PhD and I still do the same every other night
Not the typical post you see here. 
This is way cool. 
Pizza Box, shit Bed.

Can confirm, either dorms or barracks.
I truly love, admire and respect kindness and compassion. This dude is a straight-up original gangster!
Is that fucking Michael Cera
That's nice. You should buy him a notebook or some full sized paper.
Your roommate is 12?
Respect. I imagine how frustrating that can get. 
On portrait mode, what an animal!
Damn. I need to be a better big brother. I'm calling him now. Thanks OP. 
Good guy! Bravo & well done!
Ideal brother <3
Kudos to this young man! 
I’m an only child and this makes me all kinds of emotional. I’ve always wanted a big bro. Someone to look out for me, protect me from the awful bullies in school, and help me with school stuff. Hell, I’m in my thirties now and I *still* want that…
Same. I also write out the equations on post-its. 
That's awesome!!! Made me smile 😀
r/humansbeingbros 
Man, I wish I would have had someone like this in my life in high school. That would have been amazing. *~*
Somebody get this man laid! 
Parenting goals.
All my sibling does is call me ugly.
He's a good lad. 
In return, she helps him with his Differential Equations and Neurobiology courses.
Your roommate also just got you all that sweet sticky karma 
What a good kid :)
Boyfriend material
Brother of the year 
Actual aww!
r/HumansBeingBros literally
With Domino's... fuck yes!!!
Let's get this guy more pizza!
Omg. Not often does /r/awww actually get an “awww” out of me but this was one of those posts :’)
My younger brother flunked CS in high school. I took one week leave from college to teach him before the retest. He ended up scoring 70% in the test (40% to pass). I thought he cheated the test. I started helping him anyways. The next semester, I started teaching him a topic a week via Skype and gave him weekly assignments. He improved significantly. He ended up getting the highest score in CS amongst everyone that semester. He got 98% in his final exam. I got 85% in the same course when I was in high school
This is the one and only reason I'm jealous of iPhone users.
Over 100k upvotes and two gold for a picture of people facetiming with a catchy title attached. Well, ok then.
Your roommate looks like he is 12.
Until dad realizes she's using the family's data plan and not the home wifi. $53,952 Verizon bill.

"Sorry sir, I cannot refund the last 11 months of data overage charges, but I can make a one-time courtesy adjustment and remove the overage charges for this month."
Having the same laptop the same mouse the same shirt and the same glasses and the same calculator I feel very uncomfortable 
Zoom into the phone, **ENHANCE**, wait. OMG WHAT TIME IS IT? IS IT 3 AM BECAUSE IF IT IS RUBY RUBE WAS CALLED AND SHE'S POSSESSED. 
You’ve got to have two kids so they will at least have a real considerate human to live with.
What a great brother
My chinese classmate has the same calculator and he has Pac-Man installed in it. 
A human does human things? 😱😱😱
anyone know what kind of water bottle that is?
Your roommate is a good man. My brother would rather pull his own teeth out than help me with anything. 
This is how Khan Academy was started. The guy was doing math help for his siblings, and he realized that he should just put the videos online.
Yeah? Well my brother taught me how to download porn on limewire
What a good algebro
that is adorable
How is this cute?

Tons of people do this.
poor bastard's going bald already

\#oneofus

\#baldiesUnite
That's awesome!

Side note, do all dorm rooms looks the same or does everyone on this site just go to the same college I went?
This is also a great way to reinforce what you have learned yourself. Perfect for college.
This is what I would do to procrastinate my calculus 
Your roommate is awesome. 
Onii-chan 
Do all dorms have the same furniture?
My niece FaceTimes me almost every day for help with middle school algebra. Luckily algebra is my favourite thing so it doesn't bother me at all. And my niece is too adorable to turn down. 

I keep telling my sister maybe she's the one who should be taking algebra though, so she can help her 🙃
[deleted]
Is a 14 year old helping an 8 year old with Algebra in this picture?
Probably the first non animal thing I've seen in this sub. Your roommate is a good dude!
I've done the exact same thing for my younger sister throughout college. We've gone from Algebra all the way to Calculus. Math was such a great way to bond with her while I was away at college. 
Jared???
That's what he wants you to think
r/humansbeingbros

*Literally.*
He loves his lil sis, and he's got a pizza. What you waiting for, Ladies?

Or Gents, I don't know the guy that well.
Good brother.
Gig 'em!
Your roommate seems like a cool dude.
That’s awesome!
He's starting to lose his hair over it judging by the top of his head.

Disclaimer: Have a huge hole in my own wig.
That's family! Love this. 
Am I the only one that’s more impressed with the fancy graphing calculator??

Kids nowadays 

/old 
Nice to see George Michael tutor other people besides his cousin
Bro of the year
while not performing my custodial duties and solving equations on blackboards outside of the math department, i facetime with folks stumped on their phd dissertations in any field for free.  just figure it is a nice way to give back.
Is your roommate Sal Khan?
if I was a better brother I would have done things like this. fuck :(
Good boye
That's cool.  He looks super young, or I'm fuckin ancient.
What's a good site to relearn some algebra? I'm rusty.
Ha I used to get my little sister to help me with my chemistry 1 class tests 
Damn. Hope he becomes a father some day. He'd be a good dad. Good on your roommate. 
Judging from the scribbling on a post-it pad, graphing calculator and water bottle phone stand, I'm gonna guess Engineering major.
Your roommate looks 12.
This kid is not only a true P1 champion, but also the P1 of the week. Thank you for your courage!
Reminds me of how khan academy exists was from him tutoring to his niece (i think).
ITS A RIGHT PROPER LAD NED!!! ON AN OPEN CALL!!
This guy calcs!
How old is your roommate? Are you guys attending boarding school?
Damn who is this guy. You rock
I wish I had someone to do that with.
Meanwhile my roommate can't even have a single conversation with me.
What kind of pizza?

Michael Reeves? YouTube’s newest 14 year old star?
Thats a wholesome bro...
this should be on r/wholesome 
I do the same thing for my little brother :) He is also struggling with algebra coincidentally. It's funny, when I FaceTime him he has the same expression on his face as this girl haha
He must have some bomb ass handwriting to boot if he can fit algebra notes on post it. 

Then again, my handwriting is probably just too awful for this. 
Awwww 
Can someone do this for me with calculus?
TLU
kid looks high as fuu
I always wanted an older brother.  :(
It's very good that your roommate is helping with Algebra his sister. Hit a likes pls;)
Jeez, When I try to help my little brother with homework it ends in screaming and fighting
r/humansbeingbros 
Gosh that's so sweet!! I have always wanted an older brother :(
That's awesome, big thumbs up for good siblings
Ahh, the keen sting of a wholesome sight. May Dagoth bring him great futures.
Nawww. 

What a wonderful motherfucker. 


Hug him! 
But when I FT someone for help my test gets ripped up.
And the tears..... 
My brother in college FaceTimes me To help me with math but he get annoyed half the time with me when I have no idea what I’m doing. ;( 
Awwwww so loving.
somebody help me with algebra 2 please
Beating a dead horse
Good guy roommate
Good roomie.

Fuck Texas Instruments by the way. Overpriced lobbyists.
Man if I was their mom I'd be so freakin proud of them being good little humans to each other. 
Is this what families are supposed to be like? I barely talk to my siblings 😧
Is that UT Austin or does every dorm in the universe look exactly the same?
looks like geometry on the post it.


Someone get this guy a notebook! 
Gotta love people like this.
This guy brothers 
I used to do this with my college ex-girlfriend's sister! She ended up not failing the course and doing pretty well! 
Is this maple hall at UNT? I know it's a UNT res hall...
Wonderful Brother
What an amazing relationship they two must have 💕 that's amazing ❤️
You can tell just from this picture view that this kid is good at math. 
Thanks internet
Poor roommate. In college and already balding.
Right in the feels. Good lad.
How sweet ! 
Now he needs to call someone so he can get help with his pizza selection. You’ve got to have a local dough tosser that a better option than whatever is in that box. 
Best big brother!
Wait they make backlit graphic calculators now?!
I did this with my little cousins then quickly realized how much I had forgotten.   

I had to do a panicked Google search on multiplying fractions : /
You are cool guys 
That’s cute.
She looks extremely familiar tho. Are you sure she needs help with maths, not singing?
What a neat desk...
Good lad. 👍
I see that dominos 😂😂 tomeirlformeirl
I mean I do this every week for my sister and I don’t get to the top page.
He looks like George Michael from the back 
Let's come together and buy him a spiral instead of post it notes 
Bunk beds and pizza boxes are the pillars of freshman year
Looking at his notes,  that's clearly trig.
Big bro, you the real MVP.jpg
my older brother helped me with physics in high school. I ended up with the best grade on all the exams.
I hope she was ok with her face being put on the Internet like this.
Is he doing algebra while rolling a joint?
Yo is that Jester in UT Austin?
So Awesome. Wish i had the patience to deal w my sister like him. Smh. Im terrible. 
I FaceTime my girlfriend in college every other day to help her with Calculus haha
Can your roommate help me with my algebra?
Which calculator is he using?
CAW
My little sister calls me every once in a while for help as well...the older I get the more times the words “Google it” come out of my mouth.

We’re 12 years apart.
Lol I do the same thing with my sister. I’m an engineering student and she’s only taking it because she has to. 
Somebody get that kid a laptop, geez.
I share my xbox codes
Umm this is my back of the head twin what in the world this is scary
I used to do that with my lil bro for a while.
Good dude! 👍🏽
I like your roommate. Buy him a beer for me. 
He needs a new lighting director. 
Great kid 
are you p-hound? 
haha omg thats so nice. 
Can we use this post to brag about our little sisters?

Mine just turned 18 and yesterday got 35 out of 36 on the ACT. 
I know I'm an asshole because I don't have it in my soul to do this out of love. This guys going out of his way to assist her, I'd probably start than get tired of it or do it begrudgingly.
This is literally /r/Humansbeingbros
First time I read this I thought the little sister was smarter and helping the older bro
Is that Micheal revees???
I did this for my big sister while she was taking college calculus.
Tell your roommate I love him!
andré lecaillou 
Very cool!
Every time I asked my sister for help she yelled at me  for being stupid. Maybe it doesn’t work for sisters 
Way to go, big brother. Get that karma. 
That's so awesome! Not too cool for his little sister while he's at college (:
What college?
Uhm is your roommate Michael Reeves?..
This is more common than people think tbh, 
I’m a college student who does great at every basic subject except algebra. 

Can he call me too
I know I'm getting old when your roommate and his sister look the same fucking age! 

Seriously though this is nicer than anything I've ever done in my life combined. I would have told he to download Kahn academy lol 
Brothering win right here!
He must be doing a maths-y course? I can hardly remember anything from my algebra classes. Mainly because of all the specific formulas involved for some types of questions.
That's awesome. Keep that relationship going. 
Are they dating? 
W H O L E S O M E
It looks like [Michael Cera](http://www.indiewire.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/gregory-go-boom.jpg) in Gregory go boom.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LE8kTPtLftI
Hey you're roommates with Paulie Bleeker
Your roommate is awesome. I love him!!
He is a good elder brother :)
Dude likes his dominoes pizza
This is awwsome
I see that TI-84 
I always facetime my sister who is in college for random stuff at times. Good times
:]
Go knights? I recognize the desk 
He is the real MVP. 
That is being a good big brother! 
Can he FaceTime me to help me with my intermediate algebra?
[deleted]
This is the brother we need, not the one we deserve
Nothing like brother love
Get this man a note pad. I like post-its as much as the next guy but...c'mon. 
This looks very familiar.
Excuse me while I'm old AF. 

How old is your roommate? 

And how old is his sister? 

They both look too young for Algebra! (We started Algebra in 8th grade when I was a kid.) 
What an awesome big brother. 
You have roommates in high school? Or does your roommate just look 14?
I know this sub is typically of animals, but damnit if this just doesn't pull at your heartstrings.  What a freaking guy
Pizza- check
Coca-Cola- check
A bunch of work to do- looks like it
This is college alright.
shit like this makes me wish i had siblings :/ 
Aww,  that's actually super nice.  I wish I had that sort of relationship with my little sister.  She could probably use the math help too.  
We have the same phone case.
Mostly I only want animals in my r/aww, but I approve of this. 
Does he take appointments?
When you get to the point in math where they replace numbers with letters and graphs, you have learned all the math you need to know to function as an average person and the rest is bullshit.
Buy him a notepad.
I have that calculator exactly, t'is a trusty fella! If only they let us actually use it on any of my exams . . .
Helping one's sister has become a heroic event? 
"Hey dude, can I take your picture and post it on Reddit?" 
You stalking him or the sister?
Aw, this reminds me of my husband and SIL. My husband and his little sister talk ALL THE TIME. She's in her last year of college now, and I can't tell you how many times he's helped her with math, physics, whatever, over the years. Now he's helping her with her resume. Every few weeks one of them calls the other just to chat, and they can talk for hours. On breaks she's over at our house practically every weekend. Its awesome that they are so close. I love my sister, but we basically never talk or hang out. We just don't have that much in common. My husband and his sister are basically best friends. 
I got the same calculator!
Humanity!, I love it.
Hey that’s the calculator I have! Go TI-84 CE!
You need to buy that dude a Christmas gift.  That gift should be a little stand for his phone so that he doesn't have to precariously prop it up against a water bottle near the edge of a desk.
I’ve always associated this sub with pets lol
As a parent this is the best thing I've seen on Reddit for some time.
[R/humansbeingbros](https://www.reddit.com/r/HumansBeingBros)
Your brother at this angle looks exactly like my brother at this angle , and I was very confused for a moment.
NERD!!!!!!
Omg, the pizza box, TI-84, bed stilts. This looks just like my college dorm.
What kind of dog is it
He looks like charlieissocoollike 
You're lucky.  All my roommate does is shout at his video games, leave stacks of shit in the sink and leave chicken bones and trash on the floor.
I love both these kids.  
