Please keep politics off of this sub.
Have no idea the logistics of her appearances, but I’ve seen a few gifs with her taking pictures with young kids...her face is so genuine when seeing these kids. Picks them up and seems to be with the kids. Of course she’s an actress and could fool me, just looks real, an almost adoration with these kids. Not something you see a lot of by actors. 
Damn, she was not shy AT ALL.
Man she is so effortlessly kind and maternal. 

Man with dwarfism here adding Gal Gadot to my "Only people who are allowed to lift me up," List.
It's always awesome seeing kids meet their heroes. Good on Gal for taking the time to do it.
Two versions of Wonder Woman in the same place at the same time.

How has the universe not imploded yet?
When you see your child’s face beaming with happiness,  it breaks your heart because the moment is so incredibly beautiful. 

I’d be crying too if I were the mom. 
Her mom was just upset she didn't get to meet wonder woman
That Wonder Woman's a great Gal.
An even fiercer pantsuit to this weekend's red one!
Gal reacted in such a warm, motherly way. Really heartwarming. She seems like a really genuine person. She’s a mother herself, right?
You know I never believed in paying for photo ops at cons and such, but with a kid on the way and seeing this reaction I can see my opinion on that changing. 
My first daughter was 3.  I downloaded all the old Incredibel Hulk shows and we started watching them.

(note to parents - a completely awesome show to watch with small kids.)

She turns to me one day and says, 'Daddy, are there any girl super heroes?'

Rest is history.  I prefer those Incredible Hulk shows, but she loves the old WW.
I was at Ace yesterday. I didn’t get to photo op with Gal (way too expensive). But my girlfriend and I did photo op with Jason, who was just the coolest freaking dude in the world but since there were so many people the employees RUSH you obviously. I’m glad to see they let the children take a little more time to soak it in. I’ll wait in line a little longer if it means a kid gets to have that experience. 
That little jump 
Felt the same when I was a kid and met Lynda Carter
The bald guy goes, 'do you want to, oh okay'
Man, seeing that lil girl walk *confidently* up to her hero is so indicative of that moment & also the power of having female protagonists in our movies. Also, gonna assume awesome parenting as well. Beautiful moment here. 
This is how you make fans for life! Representation matters. 
Trust me, when your kid finally gets to do the thing they've "always" wanted to do, it fucks up your emotions.  There was a parade in town the other day, and we missed it, and my 3-year-old was *so* disappointed.  She cried all evening.  I felt so bad because it was my fault we missed it.  But then the very next day, there was another parade *ON OUR STREET!!*  We ran down to the street to watch it together, and she was so excited - dancing, pointing, jumping around - it was magical.  You bet your bottom dollar I got teary-eyed.
Where can I get an iota of self-confidence the little wonder woman has?
If someone could just put together a loop of Gal Gadot being lovely to children that I can watch all day to drown out all the awful, that would just be really great. 
As a parent, it’s hard to say when you’ll cry over something involved with your children. Recently, my daughter took up dance, and she needed tap shoes. So my wife and I bought her the shoes while we were out Christmas shopping. Came home, and had her try the shoes on. She was so excited. She was smiling from ear to ear, and was dancing all over the house. I teared up. Seeing my daughter so happy over a pair of tap shoes, brought me so much joy. 
Man I felt the same way when my daughter met Matt Smith in September.  
[deleted]
Maybe the mother is thinking "I wanna meet wonder woman too"
DC needs to start making it's movies on the same caliber as WW. And they better not ef up WW either, lot of young hearts at stake.
Gal Gadot just seems to be at Dolly Parton level of niceness.  I'm finding it hard to believe anyone would possibly say anything negative about her at all in any context.  
Damn that kid was confident. Knows how to play to the camera, too.
My mother is pretty young in my book (just turned 50) and seeing Wonder Woman played out on the big screen really seemed to make her emotional. When I asked her why she explained that even growing up, Wonder Woman was one of the only women she looked up to. Seeing it on the big screen with so many young women in the audience getting to see themselves in the character really moved her. Both my sister and I were caught off guard by how much it meant to us both to see a female superhero, we’re a trio of pretty empowered and strong women and yet there I was, bawling like a baby because finally I was seeing a female superhero in a way I hadn’t before. 

I like to think that’s part of why this mom is crying, maybe she’s seeing the difference it’s going to make for her daughter just like my mom did. 
Damn onions
Gal Gadot is maybe the most genuinely all around beautiful person in Hollywood
That kid is more confident than i ever will be.

/r/mademesmile
No one gonna comment on the one guy who wanted to invite the mom into the shot? He's extended an arm and then realised she's crying, so he noped back out awkwardly. Good man. :) 


Reminds me of that great photo a Redditor posted where he's swinging at the tee-ball and Mom is so happy in the background. Human children are our hearts outside our bodies
As a young adult man , I'd also tear up if I met Wonder Woman.
That was nice of her, the lil girl looks happy.
Gal was so amazing with the kids, yesterday there was the gif with the little Superman and now this one. Great way to handle it. 
I'm more impressed that she picked up that child effortlessly while wearing high heels. 

I grunt in flats
The cool thing about being a parent is yes, it’s wonderful to see your child meeting someone special, seeing their little face light up, but to realize that you gave them that chance to see somebody- it starts to get to you and the tears start welling up. 

I brought my son’s blue toy lightsaber to Disney. We went to meet Vader. While we were in line the cast members(they all rule) were like, “What color is that lightsaber?! Blue?! You know where you are, right?!” It was great. For a sec my boy was looking a little nervous. 

When we walked in to meet Vader, he was like RIGHT THERE standing in our way- he said something about how the light side would fail us. My son walked over and had his lightsaber out and his face was just lighting up. *He got to stand next to Vader!* 

So after they got a couple pics together I stepped in and while the photographer was taking pics I went up on my tippy toes to look taller than Darth. Vader never knew. Really fun. 
It is very difficult not to love Gal Gadot, indeed
*sniff*


...she skipped me...
*I'm all verklempt! Talk amongst yourselves!*
I'm so happy to raise my daughter in a world where wonderwoman was one of the top films
I don’t think I’ve ever had such a crush on someone so unattainable. Her husband is ridiculously lucky lol 
"But *I* wanted to hug her "
I think anyone that plays Wonder Woman has a great heart. I met Lynda carter at a pride parade years ago and she was so kind. Seeing gal take her place makes me happy, just the right fit. 
Wow, Gal Gadot’s mum looks really young! 
This is pure. 
I'm not crying, you're crying
This reminds me of how my mom reacted when I met our garbage men for the first time. I now work in the sanitation field and couldn’t be happier!
You can tell Gal is a mother, she handles kids so naturally.
This is why they needed to make a wonder woman movie. She is the #1 female hero. Little girls like that deserve this. 

Gal Gadot also has 2 little girls. That was a total mom scoop and hip hold. 
Without context this seems like a happy exchange, but in fact this was the result of a long standing custody battle between the mom and Gal Gadot. Ultimately the little girl chose Wonder Woman.
I cried when my little girl met Rapunzel and Ariel.  Seeing your kids get to experience magic is beyond words.  We had waited for hours, and I was totally over it.  But seeing her reaction to them was awesome.  I'm a dude.  Just for context.
Gadot is a treasure to the DCEU. It's such a shame they didn't give her the universe she deserves. ALL of those characters should be approached by children with love and hope in their eyes. Instead they went for the teen/old angst crowd. Fix that garbage universe and let those characters shine!! ~ rant over lol
Not gonna lie. People were saying that the new Wonder Woman would inspire the next generation of women, but I didn't believe them.

I'm glad that it looks like I was wrong.
Haha that's so sweet
Man, whatever ends up being the legacy of the DC film universe - whether good or bad - I'm just glad they killed it on Wonder Woman. If nothing else, we at least got that. Gadot was iconic. 
As a father of two girls, whose also into female empowerment, this almost brought me to tears too.

Bless her heart.
This started a discussion in my house about who we would want to meet at ComicCon. My 13 year old son said Artanis from StarCraft 2 ( told him he'd have more luck at BlizzCon, if they bring video game characters to life), and my 10 year old daughter said she really wants to meet Thor from Marvel = "I bet he could pick me up with one hand!" Of course, being the attentive mom I am, I'd have to meet Thor too. And have him pick me up to make sure he can lift my daughter. And give him a hug to test stability. 
[deleted]
The mom slightly wishes she was the one who got picked up by Wonder Woman.
"Mother driven to tears after Wonder Woman meets Gal Gadot."

Mom’s crying because she wanted to be picked up by Gal.
When you see your child’s face beaming with happiness, it breaks your heart because the moment is so incredibly beautiful.

I’d be crying too if I were the mom.

I love how confidently she walks up to Gal.  You better work, bitch.
I wish Gal Gadot would pick me up and hold me like that. 
Being a celebrity can be so wholesome at times. 
meeting ur fav super hero is always an amazing experience for kids,  
What is going on in this comment section? It's a cute gif of an excited little girl (who is still young enough to not discern between the Wonder Woman on the screen and the actress who played her) getting to actually Wonder Woman, and her mom who is overwhelmed by it all. I've loved Wonder Woman since I was a toddler, I used to pretend to be her when I was going through really hard times that no kid should have to suffer through. The character means alot to me, and it's possible that it is a similar situation for the mother in the gif. Yet, this comment thread is full of people shitting all over it. Why? It's just a sweet gif of a happy kid and her happy mom. Why are so many people being so cynical about it? 

I don't think I've seen such negativity in an r/aww thread before. What is going on?
Not only is Gal disgustingly hot, she's also genuinely nice. That kid will remember that for the rest of her life. 
Like I know public appearances and meet n greets are standard stuff, but some celebrities can blatantly be jerks. Gal is the furthest from that. 
I’m almost 21 and I want her to be my mom :(
[deleted]
Let me tell you something about being a mother... We cry A LOT. When we took my daughter to Disney and the lovely girls at Raglan Road brought my then 3 year old up on stage in front of everyone in the restaurant and taught her how to do a traditional Irish dance, I cried like a little bitch. 
very sweet
Motherly and appropriate.
She is so cute. I love her smile and awesome outfit.
Dangit, you got me. That's what it's all about.
So sweet and beautiful. 
This is so heartwarming.
Why though?
This is adorable. I'm so glad little girls have their own super hero to look up and relate to!
Someone should have this mother read how Gal Gadot trafficked young models to rich rapists 
This woman looks way too young to be Gal Gadot's mom. 
I like how the guy in the jacket is all “Ok mom you want to get in the picture now?” “Aaannd you’re crying, nevermind.”
Mother is thinking, man, I wish I could live on that secluded all girl island with you. 
Secretly mom is just jealous and wishes she was being held by Wonder woman.
Gadot and Chris Evans seem to sincerely enjoy the roles they play and like empowering others. It's refreshing to see.
That girl’s mom wasn’t moved to tears, she was crying because Gal Gadot will never hold her
Every Gal Gadot gif leaves me grinning like an idiot.  She's pretty awesome
 Um. Excuse me, that's not wonder woman. That's some Diana girl. 
Gal Gadot is so perfect😍
To be fair, I'd probably be moved to tears if I were in the same room as Gal Gadot too...

Maybe the most naturally beautiful woman I've ever seen.
I’m a 37-year-old man and I think I would also cry if I got to meet that Wonder Woman 
WB should thank whatever deity they believe in that they have Gal Gadot...she is pretty much single handedly keeping their DCverse on the road.
I met Gal last year before Wonder Woman came out and I have to say she really is Wonder Woman. She is so genuine and kind and really looks into your soul when she speaks to you. I am a 32 year old woman and she made me feel like a 5 year old kid. She is incredible. Plus she called me beautiful so obviously i am in love with her now. 
[deleted]
Not seen — the piles of cash stuffed into trash bags that Gal was pocketing per kid. Not to be overly mean, dear mods, but Mom paid a lot of cash for that touching moment.
It is so good to see another empowering woman for young girls to see and be inspired by.
Gal Gadot is so cute!
Gal Gadot's mom looks really young
This is heartwarming - but hold is that kid? I wonder the age to see WW for kids..
There's nothing like the pure joy of seeing your child happy and excited. It's awesome when people take the time out of their day to make your child feel that way.
This woman knows how to rock a pant suit
Moms are the real superheroes 
Plot twist: mother is crying because she wanted to be the one getting hugged by wonder women not her  daughter.
Gal pulls of the fierce pantsuit like no other. This is the second already, and she met superman and now wonder woman
How many colors does she have that pantsuit in? 
Representation is important.
She's just upset because she wanted to meet Wonder Woman first. 
Girl is pretty smooth; she's more confident than me and I am a twenty-something year old dude. That being said, moms are the fucking best.
Pffft, that's not Wonder Woman, that's that woman who works in the Louvre. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Yes! More women inspiring women to be strong and confident!
That's parenting at its finest. When this little girl will be a teenager (and a little prick), she'll remember that her mother went out of her way to get her in her heroine's arms
It's stuff like this that makes enduring the DCEU worth it.
$185
Man, I love it when celebrities are bros.  Restores my faith in humanity for just a minute.
Honestly this reminds me of my daughter so much. Gets me all emotional and shit.
Oh man and how she just stood back and let her quietly have it. She wasn't like yelling at Gal "oh she loves you so much" whatever. Just enjoying the moment.
loving that little girls confident stride, you go!
Look at the confidence when she walks! Wonder Woman does give strength to young girls! :D
I wish Gal would pick me up like that. 
Mom is an emotional tornado.
The mom has probably wanted to do that since she was a kid, and now is to old to run and jump on another grown woman. 
why? lol. i dont get it. if my son met spiderman, id be like..cool dude!
I'm pretty sure my mom would have reacted the same way if I got to meet Michael Keaton at that age. I lived and breathed Batman. (Still do) We were dirt poor so I had a lot of hand sewn Halloween Costumes that were mistaken for Catwoman. (My voice didn't help.) 

I'm glad they have such an excellent actress for the role. She's going to be very important to a lot of different people in the future. (Not just girls) I hope she can use this to encourage kids to strive for excellence as Batman did for me. 

*(Okay time to earn the Username)*

Look at Black Widow from the MCU, she's mostly seen as a byproduct of Nick Fury and very disposable as a character. She's a token to be ogled at. I highly doubt that a Black Widow movie could do what the Wonder Woman did in the box office even though she's an established character in the franchise already. 

I'm just so impressed and excited by Gal Gadot in every way and hope that Captain Marvel and Spider-Gwen can bring that to the MCU Properties. 
Man she is so effortlessly kind and maternal.

Man with dwarfism here adding Gal Gadot to my "Only people who are allowed to lift me up," List.

Nice hip hinge and extension through the hips, not the lower back.  Good lifting mechanics displayed by Gadot.  The whole situation is cute too!
I missed out on the Linda Carter days but I'm very happy with Gal Gadot as the Wonder Woman of this generation.
That's the strut of young lady who has no confidence problems.
“Can you bless my child, great Kelly?” -The Orville 😁
I liked this for the proud little girl, not the Mom that can’t keep her shit together. 
that mother looks like she wants to be held by wonder woman too
This is what meaningful representation gives us all; and EVERYONE deserves that. We all should be able to take our kids to Comicon and get misty eyed when they meet a Hero that looks like them. 
I love wonderwoman!  the actress is beautiful too  
A beautiful moment.
*rubs cheeks* ahh, so wholesome
The perfect Wonder Woman
Gal Gadot seems like a classy lady. Big props to her for doing this. 
I’d cry too if I’d have to pay 600 for a few minutes. 
Mother watches on with horror as her child is stolen 
That's it let's close down the voting as it's official: Gal Gadot is the dopest 
Gal Gadot has been about the only good thing of the DC movies so far.
Gal is a pretty great girl :) !

I saw another gif where she was signing some DC goodies I think for the kids where she met a crying girl. She took the time actually to talk to the kid. Really sweet of her!


As if there wasn't enough reasons for my crush on Gal Gadot..
Gal Gadot has such a warm loving aura about her, she was honestly the perfect pick to play the role. I'm embarrassed I ever thought otherwise.
Wow, Gal Gadot turned out to be an incredible choice for Wonder Woman in many ways. I'm sure DC or whatever movie studio is ecstatic with their decision.
Only thing DC got right in their entire efforts to build this justice league movie universe . . . casting this wonder woman as Wonder Woman.   

Take the rest of the DC universe and toss it.  Just give us more or Gal Gadot.  
Wow, Gal Gadot's mom looks so young! 
Why? I don't get this.
Man she is so effortlessly kind and maternal.

Man with dwarfism here adding Gal Gadot to my "Only people who are allowed to lift me up," List.

great thanks i grew ovaries now
Man, I really hope that story about her from a while back isn't true. Seems to have disappeared which is a good sign. I feel like reddit didn't really talk about it. 
Plot twist. She is tearing up because she is seething with jealous rage that Gal Gadot didn't pick her up.
With everything going on in the world today, it's beautiful to see something like this.
This is why representation is so important! That little girl's face and the mom's reaction says it all.

Edit: Geez, sorry you boys are so butt hurt!
Damn  this stupid momentary allergies 
Wow, that was very well shot! We see the action, the reaction and the pay-off!
TIL Gal Gadot is not really an Amazon
Gal Gadot is awesome. Seems like she's always into something that makes her even more admirable.
Gal Gadot is good people
If aliens visit Earth, we should take them to Gal Gadot
It's pretty easy to mothers to tears--i think we're just as likely to see:   
"Mother moved to tears after her daughter says she loves potato chips." 
The mother is crying because she just spent $175.00 USD for that picture!!
27 year old male desk worker was moved to tears after seeing a mother be moved to tears after seeing her daughter meet Wonder Woman.
Gal Gadot is what this industry needs more of.
What's the appeal of this?

People realise that Gal Gadot is not actually Wonder Woman, right? And she's only taking photos with fans to the tune of hundreds of dollars. One of my friends was at this event and said it was $300 for a photo and autograph. Absurd. 

People's emotional attachment to Gal seems really misguided and speaks to our cultures unhealthy preoccupation with celebrity. 

She's a pretty actress. That's it. 
is it me or Gal Gadot looks super skinny. 

EDIT: Downvoted for asking a question... I am not saying she looks bad, she looks super pretty, I am just saying compared to how she looked in Wonder Woman, she looks skinnier. 
My God... This is so **wonder**ful...
Fucking Christ, this thread is a shit show of some of the worst humanity has to offer.
It is not difficult to move mothers to tears when it comes to their children.
This. This is the best.
At some point DC will reboot the franchise, they should consider her.
I really hope that photographer retook the photo. Looked like the little girl blinked. 

This is astronomically sweet!
she loves kids dressed up as heroes 
God the confidence exuding from both the girl and Gail is incredible
That mom would make a convincing wonder woman cosplay too
"Diana!  I see you!"
That's just Gal Gadot?
Thats so cute
Wait a minute wasn’t she wearing a red version of this pant suit in a gif yesterday?
I am crying and that's not even my child
She seems very great with kids. Here's another one of her tickling a kid dressed as superman that put a smile on my face.
https://i.imgur.com/OjYVLTY.gifv
Man, that was just nice.
She’s becoming the Wolverine of the DC universe. 
That was an effortless squat rep, and with perfect form! 
Gal is SLAYING the “mom hip” move 
Yesssss girl
Gal Gadot gets my upvote everytime
This kind of reaction, from both the daughter and the mother, is why I fully support providing more role models for women in our popular culture.

This made my morning.
Can't stand the films but man, does Gal Gadot seem the perfect choice and have such a welcoming persona. She should be working for Marvel.
That mom needs a hug 
"Why wont she love me the way she loves wonder woman"
Knowing the joy that this simple act must brings to kids and their parents must be a very wonderful feeling for Gal Gadot!
I was half expected this to be Gal Gadot crying because her daughters surprised her in full WW gear. 

THis is equally cool though. 
She's clearly crying because Gal Gadot didn't pick her up instead.
When my son was seven years old, we went to Comi-Con. Wandering around the floor, I happened to catch Mark Hamill walking past us. He bent over, gently scruffed my son’s hair and said “hey there!”

I nearly lost it. My son was blessed by a Jedi, and someone who was a viral part of my childhood.
Brought a tear to THIS mom too
That isn’t really Wonder Woman...
Not everyday someone gets to meet the women of fast and the furious. Lucky indeed
Why would you blub I don't get it. 
I want to see the same thing but a boy dressed as Batman for Affleck or Superman for Cavill.

Reynolds and Pratt going to hospitals as their respective heroes is cool too. As well as Hammill meeting a terminally ill boy "as" Luke Skywalker. This must be a great gift to give people. 
neither of them can be president
I love on Long Island and never heard of Ace Comic con until this year. They have an amazing lineup of celebrities !
This time mommy was the real wonder woman by making this possible. 
This is why Wonder Woman is so important.
So many cynics...  In response to people pointing out how much it costs , if it didn’t cost anything the mom and daughter would be waiting three days in line to meet Gal.
First post of the day and I'm a blubbery, watery eyed mess 
Its interesting that girls under 10 were able to fall in love with a character in a movie that depicts the nightmarish horrors of World War I.

What, no source video?
I maybe cried just a little too.  She's adorable.
This is why having positive role models in media matters.
She's crying for the same reason I'd be crying; I know my sons would never look at me the same way after meeting their hero.
Is this the same place where Gal tickled the little Superman?
Gal seems so awesome with kids. I've seen a lot of various gifs of her meeting tiny fans in costume and she always has the biggest smile and the kids just run to her.
Thats just cool
I love how all of these kids are running up to her and in turn how she is receiving them. Shows great character, I never even saw the movie but am now a big fan of hers. 
That wasn't the mom. That was a fan who just got cut in line by some cute little girl.
Gal gadot picked her up like a pro! 
Good mom.
Gal: “ I am the captain now”
Mom is hot!
Wow what an amazing Gal. 
Probably waited a long time to meet her hero :')Damn, she was not shy AT ALL.
As a parent I understand these tears. It is sometimes  overwhelming seeing your kid this happy, and the tears are simply out of joy. I love it!
So back in the 90's there was this series called Amalgam where they squashed the DC/Marvel universes together in these crazy matches. 

Anyway, I want a Gal Gadot Wonder Woman in a movie with a Chris Evans Captain America. I feel like there would be something magical there.
These clips of her interacting with kids just makes me smile every time I see one. She just looks genuinely happy to be around those kids.
This is too adorable for words. :)
😍
Blinked in the photo.
Aww, love it!
Cann we just keep this on the front page forever? Made my day.
Help it's too cute and now I'm crying in public.
My three year old met Santa for the first time last week. I cried. Hard. He climbed off Santa's lap and shook his hand and I lost it. It was so sweet and my kid was so happy.
I cannot watch this gif without crying myself. 
I’m not crying, you’re crying!
Gal will never hold you like a child ;_;

Why bother living ??
Wonder Woman's mom looks young.
He is not the messiah, he's a very naughty boy.
I was at Ace Comic Con this weekend as well and took my son to meet Gal. He was dressed as Superman and even though her time was short with each person she met, she made him feel special. She was truly a class act. Awesome experience. 
Thx DC! To empowering women! Cheers!!!!!
The GG interacts with kids is pretty remarkable. She seems to genuinely love being with them. That’s a cool quality to see in someone on the rise like her. 
This makes me happy
Beautiful
I wonder how long before Reddit turns on her, like every other actress of the moment.
Gal seems to be the perfect person to be Wonder Woman. She seems so warm and friendly.  She seems to genuinely enjoy meeting her fans and engaging with the fan base.
humanity 
Lil Mama took her moment.  That confident walk tho...  /swoon
She cries because she's not her daughter's hero :'(
Why?
No, she's crying because that little girl cut her off in line. Everyone wants to be held by Gal.
Where is the dog or cat? 
Dc heroes make everyone happy 
The mom is just jealous that *she’s* not being held by Gal Godot
In the comic you'd have moments where you'd see the human side of these gods and they would show people that they (the league) fight for humanity above all else. It's touching to see one of those moments play out in real life.
Or the mom remembered that she forgot to turn the oven off before they left home 
Where's that fat ass Daredevil wanna be batman. 
I'll be waiting to see the little girl to post the photo on r/oldschool in future.
Mini Wonderwomen meets Real WonderWomenHow Cute 🙌
Pants suit power!
Amazing!
I wish i could upvote 3 times...
Awh...this melted my heart.
always great to meet your heroes and have them be nice people :)
Gah not again. DAMN IT YOU'RE CRYING NOT ME!
Looks like the mom wanted to meet get more WTF
I love seeing other people so happy for others.  Restores a bit of hope sometimes.
Usually what happens is the kid wishes to meet their hero, talks about nothing else, is completely obsessed, and then the moment comes and they cry like a baby and hide behind their parents and want to go home. 
 
The mom is crying because she knows the child likes Gal Gadot more than her.
Love this
She's so good with kids. First the boy in the super man costume now this too?
Good to see Gadot keep up the responsibility of being a hero or role model even if the [UN doesn't think so.](http://www.cnn.com/2016/12/13/health/wonder-woman-un-ambassador-trnd/index.html)
Gal seems like a really nice person.  That's refreshing when so many celebrities are snobs.
Gal Gadot has been on the front page a lot lately. She's had more photo ops with children than Dan Schneider.
Oh sure, when a little girl runs at Gal Godot dressed as wonder woman she is greeted with a warm embrace.  When I do it, I get tazed, hit with a restaining order, and public indecency charges.
imagine if she was in costume that cute little one probably would've exploded with joy
Awesome confidence booster for this kiddo, walking tall at 3’.
Every time I see something similar to this shot involving Gal Gadot all I can think is that they must have had her seriously hit the weights for BvS, the Wonder Woman movie, and Justice League, because she does NOT look this rail thin on the big screen.
Given the rise to god-like status I've seen Gal Gadot experience here on Reddit, I'd like to hire her PR manager.
I wish Gal Gadot would pick me up and hold me
THIS is why superheroes are important 
I cried when my daughter rode the carousel alone for the first time, I'd cry at this too.
I met Gal once, she’s such a nice person. (And oh my god, I would love for her to ruin my life)
This website has annoying circlejerk about Gal Gadot
They don't deserve you Diana.
This is so awesome!!!
Gal Gadot's mom is a lot younger than I thought.
Wonder Woman is my new favourite Santa Claus.
1 2 3 4th step jump...that's a measurement with foot beat
Wonder Woman has been the best thing to come out of the DCEU. Who would've thought?
And Wonder Woman lifts up this not so small child without effort - and in heels! She is truly Wonder Woman! 
She's so wonderful with children and it's amazing 
If I wear a wonder woman costume can I climb on top of Gal Gadot as well maybe? 
This why Gal Gadot is the face of the DCEU. She’s awesome!
That's a very beautiful moment. 
Gal reacted in such a warm, motherly way. Really heartwarming. She seems like a really genuine person. She’s a mother herself, right?
damit Reddit not today. 
Is it ok that I have a massive crush on Gal?
The DCEU isn't good but Gal Gadot is great. I hope they do a universe reboot and keep her as Wonder Woman. 
Gal Gadot seems incredibly kind. She seems to handling the spotlight well. She seems like the female Dwayne Johnson.
I see now why it’s probably a good thing that Wonder Woman and Captain America belong to different properties. Chris Evans and Gal Gadot in the same place at the same time would be lethal amounts of involuntary admiration on the public.
so yeah her and Chris Evans are totally living thier super hero roles its pretty amazing 
Gal Gadot moves me to tears as well. 
Why am I crying? 
Little Diana meet big diana
Our Gal <3
Man, that little girl is gonna remember that for the rest of her life. Good on these celebrities who go out to meet kids. 
Whelp, Mom isn’t the only one crying now.
At this point I'm not sure she's an actress or really Wonder Woman pretending to be an actresses.  
This is so friggin awesome. Made my heart happy. 
Happiest day she'll remember for the rest of her life
And it looks like the picture will probably turn out great, too. Two big smiles. 
Gal got that smile down pat
Everytime I watch scenes from the movie with my 4 year daughter, I fight back tears.
It’s fantastic knowing that our little girls will have this wonderful, amazing, strong hero to look up to FINALLY. Gal was more than perfect for this role. 
Good Gal Gadot
That’s a good Mom right there. 
The one thing that’s amazing about Gal Gadot is that she seems to genuinely love this aspect of being Wonder Woman .... 
Great... Now I'm leaking. 
That littles strut. Heck yeah shes got confidence.
Hope in humanity restored
Watching Gal's instagram stories this weekend was extremely uplifting and heartwarming. Especially all the little girls like this who are so excited to finally get to meet a hero that looks like them. If anyone has ever doubted the importance of representation in the media for young girls, this kind of stuff just proves how much it really does matter.
Wish I could be a kid and get lifted like that again... lucky sods.
If Gal Gadot picked me up and hugged me I’d be moved to tears too!!! 
She’s crying because she wanted to see Wonder Woman.
That’s weird. Wonder Woman looks really short and everyone else looks really tall 
GifThatEndTooSoon
Yet again, pant suit game always on point
Tell me, is there anyone, male or female, kids or adults, unwilling to be picked up by Gal?
Honestly, they couldn't have picked a better actress to play Wonder Woman. 
I think what's powerful is that both the mother and daughter admire her, she hopefully will become a role model for many 
I hope it's cheaper than an autograph...
This girl will be a fine Amazonian when she grows up. 
[deleted]
Nope. Not gonna do it. I'm NOT CRYING!!
Who's cutting onions here?
So Nowadays Wonder Woman is doing so many Wonder things!
The mom wanted to be held in her arms!
Gal rocks those pants suits doesn't she?
Is that Miranda Cosgrove?
I’d like to meet Wonder Woman also.
I totally get it. I cried when my three year old met Rapunzel.
Gal Gadot is the single greatest thing that happened to the DC cinematic universe.
I wish wonder woman would pick me up. Giggidy 👅
The confidence in that walk...
What a magnificent human being.
Class act on Gadot's part.....that kid won't be forgetting this day anytime soon.
"....but i wanted to meet her..."
That Gal gal, she's alright.
Random internet user moved to tears after Mother is moved to tears after her daughter meets Wonder Woman
This is so sweet!
Gal is a real life wonderful woman.
Wow Gal is honestly so unbelievably great with fans, I've seen stuff like this a few times and there is no sign of annoyance or anything just smiles and personality, love it
Wonder Woman looks shorter than in the movie. 
Gal Gadot's mother doesn't look that old at all
This is great. 
The real wonder woman is the one who toiled to make that costume. I am talking about the dad, obviously. 
I'm not crying, the woman in the gif is crying! I swear. 
Gal just hugs children all day now.
Wait, who's Mom????
I love that little girls have their own super hero! 
She gets emotional and excited when she meets young fans. She's addressed this in an interview: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V0urtsAN9JU
Looking around trying to see Gal Gadot's Mother crying but I only see Wonder Woman's mom.
Someone needs to go to jelly school 
My daughter's super hero. A nice strong female super hero and seemingly in real life too! 
Really want them to reboot the DCEU, but really would hate to lose Gal Gadot as Wonder Woman.
seeing this and the one with Gal and a little boy dressed as Superman really shows how much of a Mom she is. Which I feel like is easy to forget I guess considering how much of like a "sex symbol"  (that might not be the right word I'm looking for) and icon she is. 

I think the same could be said for a lot of famous women and even men. 
Just when you think Gal Gadot couldn't be more perfect 
I’d cry too if I met that Gal!
Gal Gadot gets more stunning the more I learn about her and see her. 
God dammit, who’s cutting onions?!
http://www.imasurvivor.xyz
I think mom's just jealous 😂
The real hero... Is her mother. 
Hope my future daughter is a fraction as cool as this kid 
Say whatever you want about the DCEU, they really did good with Wonder Woman. And Gal is awesome for doing this for kids.
Gal Gadot 😍
She just crying bc she wanted to run into her arms first. 
Please reboot the DC cinematic universe. Keep Gal, Cavil and Ezra and dump the rest. I love Gal Gadot she's an amazing bright light in the otherwise disappointing endeavor. 
How great that Gal Gadot's mum supports her during  promo tours.
This is the first r/aww post I actually chuckled at and said "aww" under my breath
Gal Gadot has the best job. 
She's your real mommy
This is why superhero movies are here to stay. They are action flicks that the whole family can watch and can actually do comedy right instead of token moments. If they could only make women cry there would be nothing but superhero movies.
If Chris Evans is basically Captain America IRL, then Gal Gadot is definitely Wonder Woman IRL. I'm glad there are people out there who recognize how significant playing a character can be and take the legacy seriously.
Wonder Woman is her real mother. Sad truth.
man, I hate to be THAT asshole, but I have read too much bad press on Gal Gadot to trust her. I don't want to make a final decision because who knows what's real anymore (not me), but I just can't bring myself to think she's really a good person. this is cute tho
It's moments like this that make the human experience worth it.
I mean shit I cried too
Everytime I think of my perfect women, I think of Gal Gadot. 
If they were to make Overwatch a live action movie ( I pray they never do) Gadot would make an awesome Phara
I Wonder how much that shit costed. Lmao
Can we just keep Gal somewhere safe at all times? She's like the most wholesome celeb we have right now. 
Gal seems so down to earth.
Seriously how can you not love Gal.
[deleted]
