While civil comments are allowed, this is not a debate subreddit. Please take all serious debates over the ethics of meat over to /r/DebateAVegan - you can even link the thread in a comment if you want. The Debate A Vegan sub has rules, moderators, and a community dedicated to discussing this exact subject! Users who participate in internet debates here may have their comments removed at the moderator's discretion. We understand that this is an important issue for many people but there is a time and a place for it and it has been provided above. 
AHHH! TOO MUCH CUTENESS
This calf doesn't quite have cow licks figured out yet.
[deleted]
"My turn's weird." -dog
Looks like me when I’m trying to seduce my boyfriend.
Dog is like " I just showed him how to do it!"
When you try to show your SO how you like it and they just can’t hit that spot 
Awe he's trying so hard
Now I have to buy a cow. Thanks Reddit. 
Look at that big grin on his face when it's his turn to receive! Damn, what a dog! haha
Uh...what's happening? I'm just going to ignore you now. 
I love how big her eyes get and she's like "I must *reciprocate!*" *(mlemmlemmlemmlem)*
[deleted]
"Am I doing it right? Is this kisses? I want to give you kisses"
Mi nam iz cow 

Dog iz my frend 

and after day 

is at an end, 

he lik my face 

when he is near, 

I turn aroun, 

I eet his ear.
If only my imaginary wife looked at me the way that cow looks at that dog. 
Nomns nomns noms
So gorgeous!
dis cow Is weird 

dis cow Is nice

dis Brown cow licks his bes frend twice

he licks and licks
it's so so much fun

he licks his fren 

he liks a ton!


Looks like this calf is trying to suckle on the dog's ear? I think I read that in a thread somewhere last week. 

[found it](http://i.imgur.com/TycjclT.png) 
>...claves will suck on anything remotely oblong (and attempt to eat literally anything), even if they are being adequately fed or overfed. Often they will suck on other calves' ears...
I has a fren

He noms my ear

But him I trusts

I has no fear

Him is no cat

He don't meow

When is my turn

I lik the cow
Is he still wet from being born 😭 he’s a baby

I hope they go on to live happily and grow old together 
Dogs face changed to eeeeewwww!
Animals are the best people.
[removed]
The dog is teaching the cow how to lick. I have never seen anything so adorable. 
I don't know why but cows are definitely the cutest animal on the planet. 
[Dogs face is like](https://imgur.com/gallery/LgeHQ)
I feel a bit sad, the Calf is looking for milk :( 
I think I'm vegan now
dOGgO GeTs FuCkInG EaTeN ALiVe
That dog is gonna wake up with a cowlick in the morning.
cows are dogs. the end.
There it folks... the cutest thing I've seen all day!
Such a cute cow 
My heart melts from the cuteness of these two animals!! 😍😍
OMG i watched this on repeat and got diabetes it's so sweet 😄
I like cows
"You taste good."
"Well so do you!"
Don't kid yourself, Jimmy. If a cow ever got the chance he'd eat you and everyone you care about. 
[Shh, don't make it weird](http://imgur.com/YkAWw0x.jpg)
“No, I want you to nom my ear like this”
"No, you are doing it wrong!"

"Nooo, let me show you."


"Ok ok now you do me"
the woof and the moo lik each other
I think those two need to get a room.
It warms my ❤️ that this is at the top of all right now
I love this omg squeee
Nom nom nom
that dog's face c:
Get a R00000M. 
Too many cute things at once. Including those dogs eye patches!
Just don't get your ear get pulled into the back of the cows mouth! Those molars HURT.
The SMILE!! :D
What kind of doggo is this !???!!!!
Precious
Udderly heartwarming.
Anyone else in their head while watching this saying “lick, lick, lick, nom, nom, nom” fast licks and slow noms 
[removed]
Cute!
This is the cutest thing I've ever seen
He thinks his ear is a piece of lettuce
Cute buddies 😍
Looks like that baby moo cow is trying to nurse
i lik the cow
That's adorable <3
I swear I could hear some of those noms
Anyone else crack up laughing when the cow started nom noms?
ViCioUs PredAtor deVoUrs dOg!
That is cute as shit.
This is like the first time I kissed a girl 
Oh, for hecks sake!
this gives me so much faith that there is good in the world 
Dats one happy boi.
Died from cuteness 
Looks like my wedding night 
Wow that’s legit so cute holy cow 
This gif is pretty noisy!
Mlem mlem mlem 
Finally man's biggest question is finally answered.
It's a moomoo
"Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little bitch's earlobe"
You sure smell and taste delicious, Weird Dog. I want to love you, but also eat you. You're weird, Weird Dog! 
When your girl is into the same freaky shit as you are 
nom nom nom nom nom
This is so pure. 
The worlds good
Cow looks terrified at first lol
The dog's like "just go with it"
This is hilarious
I love that they take turns 😍😍
I love this so much. 
They looked like they were enjoying it so much too!
This is so darn cute!
What kinda dog?
what kinda pup is that?

So^^^^^cute!
Damn, noms on the ear? 😍
CUTE!!!

u/discipleofoden 
Beautiful
Oh my god this made me so happy to watch
HEY HEY Let’s keep it PG We Got Kids Around Here Watching 
Damn it!!!!!  so....damn c.....cute.....awe.
*reasons to go vegan*

Edit: Why the downvotes?

Edit2: Ok now I know why, I didn't mean to shove my beliefs down anyone's throat.
When your food plays with you
[deleted]
Guess I'm not eating beef today.

EDIT: WTF?! Why me?!?!
The title is so perfect! 
To think we kill one for food 
Weaponized cuteness
“awww so cute” 

*eats cows 
[deleted]
A battle of the ages
One of these animals will die of old age, and the other will be killed, to be consumed as food.  Adorable.
It’s videos like this that make me wish I didn’t like to eat meat :( 
All the meat-eaters in here, I don't know how you do it.

EDIT: I still have positive comment karma guys. We need some more down votes in here.
[deleted]
"This burger tastes funny"

"This spicy seasoned stir fry tastes funny"
 [mother fker you dead, nom nom nom nom nom](https://imgur.com/a/MQqPt)
Tasting your food vs. your food tasting you
[removed]
One of these two will become food.
On the one hand this cow exists probably to be eaten. On the other hand if we didn’t eat cows this one probably would never exist. 


Aww cute. Lets kill the cow and eat it 
Nnnnooo, nnoo, no. My job
# CoW eAtS dOg AlIvE 
Wet Willy!!
What is wrong with you people?
That's some good asmr right there
“Nom” seems more comfy
The cow is like the weird new friend your kid brought home for dinner.
Id like to be the meat in that love sammy.
Ohn theyn aren buddies...n.
"no no don't bite! No teeth!!"
[removed]
In Soviet Russia, food bite dog!
Hopefully you don’t develop some kind of hand to dog to cow disease 
Oh no the cow is eating the dog!!!
I want my baby back baby back baby back ribs..
Foreplay at its finest. 
u/mkwoocc
Who would win?
Do you mean a LMOLCI
Do they understand each other? 
Thats not noms, looks more like mlems to me
Is this some kind of porn?
I wouldn't encourage this behaviour too much. Dogs can get ear infections.
Beastiality!
