A dog that is deemed too friendly is truly a good boy.
I do a lot of disability adaption work and I have a customer that has a failed guide dog for the same reasons, a 20 minute job ends up taking 2 hours because I can’t stop playing with the dog.

He assists the lady by picking things up for her and whilst I’m working he goes around the house and brings me loads of stuff, I turn around and there is books, pillows and all sorts behind me and he just stands there wagging his tail until I say good boy, then he starts taking things back.
I have a failed livestock guard dog (also failed for friendliness). He's fantastic. I teach college freshmen in an intro course and he's a great prop for talking about how you can be all set up (even bred) for doing a certain job and still not do well with that job. It's OK. It's such a release for my students to think about other options. I'm happy that you also have an awesome failure in your life!

Edit: [Failure floof](https://imgur.com/a/KfzZa)
He didn't fail, he was being guided to your heart 
I also have a "failed" service dog. [Daisy](https://i.imgur.com/bhjtVNN.jpg) She is already 12 and she came to us because she's a little stubborn and barks at strangers. So obviously not the aide they needed. But I love her to death. She's very kind, and smart, and so docile you'd think she gets faded daily. Spoiler alert, she doesn't.

Edit: Autocorrect is lit, fam.
What are you guys talking about?

This is clearly a REINDEER, Not a Doggo.
Full carrot or baby carrot?  If baby carrot, need to bump that up to 3-4 per day.  
Sincerely,
Dog Union Rep
You thought I was reindeer, but am actually Doggo. Bamboozled again. 
My good boy was rejected as a service dog because he was too strong and smart, so he became a police dog instead.
I believe those are in fact crab claws on his head.
Serious question, not in a position to google. And I honestly won't remember later. Can dogs eat carrots?
Not failed, just meant for guiding in a different way.
One of the greatest decisions my family ever made was fostering a Guiding Eyes dog. He was a breeding dog and when he successfully finished his duties, he officially became ours. They're absolutely terrific animals and I tell him every day that he's a good boy.
.............are you sure this isn't one of Bugs Bunny's latest schemes?
Our pet dog was the same. We raised him to be a service dog but he failed for being too timid (hid under a table and refused to come out). We kid him that he did it on purpose to get out of work.

He would have been a great dog for other supports, but it was before the organization branched into those areas, so we got to keep him.
[deleted]
What disability does he assist with, if you don't mind me asking?  I'm always curious about how dogs are able to help.
Career Change Boy :)
**F R I E N D L Y B O Y E**
She's no guide dog but also enjoys christmas 😁 https://imgur.com/FkVfz0o
The reason that a guide dog can fail for friendliness is pretty simple. Overly friendly dogs will get distracted and want to play with random people instead of leading their owner properly. My family owned a failed guide dog. She was too friendly and severely ADD. 
Such a sweet boye!!
Omg he's adorable.
This is Totoro! https://imgur.com/a/LLuVS

He’s also a failed service dog. He failed because he didn’t do well in tight spaces and has some sort of food allergy or something and he can only eat a certain kids d of dog food. 

He’s a real good boy though! And super friendly. 
He didn't fail. He just knew he was meant for more (you). :)
Would noggin pat this good boy all day. 13/10 bront.
Why do people mislabel posts that aren't about dogs here so often? Like I mean clearly we have a rabbit here, albeit a strange-looking one...
r/suspiciousquotes
A good boy. The best kind!
We don't deserve such good dogs
I spend an inordinate amount of money on carrots (on a daily basis) for my two huskies. They can't get enough of them! They're addicted; they get moody if they don't get one and they get a bit demanding when they want one. 

I spend so much on carrots for my guys that one of the stores around me raised their prices on carrots. Suffice to say that I've changed stores! 
[Imgur](https://i.imgur.com/TS0jPTP.jpg)
Gave him a red nose.
How can one go about adopting failed guide dogs?  Are they only used for disability support?
Thats awesome. A friend of mine runs a sober house in York. He got a dog that was training to be a drug dog for the police  but didn't pass because he was too friendly. Now he's a therapy dog for the residents and helps prevent anyone from bringing drugs and drug paraphernalia onto the property. He's such a good boy. 
Awesome! I onced trained a guide dog, and she was one of the sweetest and smartest dogs ever, but she had trouble focusing around heavy traffic. So after she finished her training, where else does the agency  send her but New York City, possibly the worst place for her because of all the cars.

But after about a year the agency saw she wasn't working well in that environment and moved her to a home somewhere in the countryside where she became a disability support dog for a little boy and his family. As far as I know, she was much much happier and more productive there ❤
There was a time I was working at a paintball lark where there were a lot of veterans. One of them was missing an arm had a support dog.  The guy bought 2 beers and handed one to the dog to carry. I'm pretty sure the dog intentionally dropped it to bust it open and get a drink. 
Alright OP, you know we are gonna have to see a picture of him with a carrot right?
Very few dogs pass the test in groups.   They have to at least remember 100 commands and can't make a single mistake.
[deleted]
Isn't it a bit suspicious that we never hear about the guide dogs that failed because they are total assholes?
I enjoy him too. (Relevant username)
I love how dogs pull out the good in most people.
My dog motley was just that. A dog. I didnt even want a dog. But my little brother did, and so my dad brought her home.
And sure enough, the dog I didn't want ended up my responsibility. 
I admit i was pissy when it came to caring for the pup but I was never angry with her. I did play with her.. walk her.. etc.
It wasn't until one night.. moe came beside my bed and whimpered.. I rolled over to see.. And when I did, my blanket slide down some. Motley grabbed it with her teeth and pulled it over herself and went to bed.
I was thinking "did that just happen"? Lol. I smiled and watched her sleep.
8 years later me and moe are inseparable. I wake up kiss her nose and hug her.. I tend to her food... And we go play outside before I go to work.

I swear .. I can be in the most awful mood. But 1 look from moe, I start laughing, I don't know what it is.. that dog makes me feel good. 
I love my dog so much. 
He is not a failed dog guide, he choose to start a different career.

He is a career changer :)
My dog also loves carrots!
I love him.
My Golden was a guiding eyes reject for similar reasons. Too friendly and she was a huge baby. She also had a deformity where her tail was a corkscrew. She was perfect in every way. She gave hugs and was always there to comfort her humans.  Was lucky to spend 15 years with that sweet girl. Their loss, our win. Give this good boy extra pets from me 
r/SuspiciousQuotes
I have a lab who dropped out of Canine Companions for Independence training because he was too outgoing and distracted by cats. Release dogs are honestly just the sweetest.
I feel like they're shooting themselves in the foot by training labs only to find them too friendly. That describes nearly every lab ever
I don't mean to be biased or anything but yellow labs are objectively the best
I wish someone would feed me carrots when I fail at something. =(
My dog loves carrots

Is it just me or do his little antlers look like lobster claws?
Crabclaws decorations!
Reindeer pupper
Is dog
And now he can guide your sled to Whoville 
The best boye! As someone with a chronic illness, my dogs are sometimes what gets me out of bed in the morning. They are the greatest companions and one of my biggest motivators to tackle the day. 
What's a disability support dog?
u/2fvncy4u
Scruffy just loves people too much.
I’ve been doing dog fecal parasite testing for the last year.  I do the TurdStir and then float it in a Zinc Sulfate solution.  Dogs don’t seem to digest carrots very well....
What a good dog.
r/dogswithjobs
Dogs emit pure love
Who is a good failure?   
YOU is a good failure!    
BOOP the failure!
[deleted]
My lab also failed because he's too high energy and gets easily distracted, but he's the sweetest. He looks just like yours!
Failed for being "too nice" is bad for a service/assist dog, but he will be the goodest boy in everyday life. Enjoy and give him a carrot from me!!!
A carrot?!? Let’s step that up. This good boy deserves better
I mean, if they can't be guide dogs, they could always be dogs that visit hospitals, nurseries and old people homes?
For those who don't know: it's not about friendliness, it's about going into "discipline mode" and staying there until it is no longer necessary. To my knowledge, all working dogs get lots of free/play time to be friendly.

Source: I have 2 guard dogs, trained by professionals. Their queue for working mode is based on how a human would hold a pistol (forearm at hip height pointed outward) combined with a specific oral noise. Deactivated with a word. They love strangers unless they're in working mode.

Before anyone asks: I don't know how to train your dog.
Why does his head have crab claws?
Beautiful doggy
TIL some dogs like to eat carrots 
I fostered two pups to be service dogs. Both of mine failed for being workaholics. I stopped fostering after that. 
/r/dogswithjobs
[deleted]
Ahhw such a cutie!

My dog also failed, thats because she is to social with humans and it shows because doesnt care for any other dog only for the people who are holding their leashes hahaha. The people who tested her as a pup did kinda feel bummed about it tho because she is a verry smart dog who learns really fast.
But i am happy she failed because she is my amazing pup whom i share a bond with like i have never had with a dog (that says alot because i LOOOVEE dogs). I absolutly adore her and i am happy to see she is growing old happily. 
Getting fired for being too friendly. Only in the dog world. 
No such thing as failed dog. Not ever. All dogs is best people.
I don't think the dog is happy. Look at it's ears.
My black lab is 7 months old and he loves carrots too. It's one of his favourite words to hear. :)
My dog loves carrots. I get big bags of frozen veggies and him and I will snack on frozen carrot slices. :)
Gud boi
my puppy failed for being too friendly as well! i’ll tell him so he knows he’s not the only one 
I have a yellow dog, the same thing, was retired because he was too friendly, and I got to adopt him, I was the handlers 1st choice. He is now 6 years old, I just signed us up as a therapy dog at my work :)
https://imgur.com/IXCufsp he is the taller one next to my Beagle.
Congrats OP, that's awesome.
This is a high quality pupperoni.
I love that he tried one career and it wasn't working out for him, so he stuck his nose out and tried his *paw at something else and came up smelling like roses. 

This dog has taught me a lesson in perseverance. 

Good boy! 

Edit: paw, not hand. 
I love when dogs get fired for being too dog-like. 

"Yeah, we trained him for like six months to sniff out bombs, but he just kept licking his asshole." 
I wish I could give him infinity scirtches and pets!
Good guy boss said "you're not a good fit for this position, but I know one you'd be great at" instead of just firing him.  I need to learn to give my boss those puppy dog eyes.
It's easy to see what a good boy he is.  Lucky for you he was "too" friendly :).
He plays by his own rules, and those rules are playing too friendly with others.
I cried (legit).
Good boy
what a cute dog
How does one aquire a failed guide dog??
Who's a good boy???
omg my dog failed as a guide dog too! He is the goodest boy ever, except he was scared of slippery floors and large crowds. 
Love the carrot joke. 
Good boy. +1 pet.
Handsome holiday fella <3
My look when people keep failing me but deep down inside I know I'm a good boye
My heart is melting over his super cute face!😘
Don’t forget to also ask “How’s a good boy?”  Dogs have feelings too. 
When I get a dog, I hope I can get an ex/failed service dog. They're such good bois
May have «failed» as a guide dog, but he won in life. Bless him :-)
He sucked at being a guide dog because he was too good at being a dog.
this is the cutest shit i've seen today
Why is good boy in quotes?
I want to give him a hug. What a good boy!
What a sweet looking doggo


Are "support dogs " the ones that have no kind of regulation and people  just make shit up or was that something else
What a sweet boy
Is your dog dressed up as Him from powerpuff girls?
I think dogs can only digest cooked carrots but I'm not 100% sure
Dogs like carrots?
I raise guide dogs, and this has definitely happened to me a couple of times. 

They're also the hardest ones to send back :(
My ex's dog was a failed guide dog, and he was the most loveable dog I've ever met. Black lab, not a mean bone in his body. Wanted to play with everyone and everything.
My dog will only eat a carrot if it’s cooked, dude cracks me up.
This dog has failed his way to the top. He should become a motivational ~~speaker~~ barker. 
I figure that's probably the default occupation for a too-friendly guide dog.  Still smart but too friendly is probably perfect for a support dog.
I wish my dog would eat carrots.  If i drop one on the floor he will run over and snatch it up just so he can run off with it, chew it, and then spit it out on the floor.  
I have a a hearing ear cat.
That's a rabbit!!
Best failure ever? 
I really want to pet your dog!!
I think he performed the test exactly the way he wanted to in order to get the outcome he wanted!
How does one go about getting a too-friendly failed guide dog? 
My type of pooch
We have a Basset and he got jealous of the bunny getting carrot snacks. So now he sits by the fridge after coming inside to get his carrots. So it's great, he loves these treats, they're dirt cheap and healthy. 
He must be a good dog to sit there with that stuff on *without* the “why do you hate me?” face that my dog would be giving me.
Raw carrots arent really broken down by a dogs stomach but they are generally good for a dogs teeth.

Try giving pup a raw chicken drumstick, it will be a great boost to your pets health and even better for teeth tartar buildup.
what's his name?
How do you go about finding dogs like this? My wife and I want a dog we can take to nursing homes or let children read to 
Goes to show just because you fail at one thing doesn't mean you aren't meant to do something else.
Carrots have a lot of sugar in them. Make sure he's eating stuff that'll help clean his teeth out a bit afterward.
Thats a promotion not a failure
Failed guide dogs are the best! My Cody failed out at 8 weeks old for "confidence issues," since he is scared of things like stairs. He is nearly 14 now and the light of my life.
Put those quotation marks down, man! He is a legit good boye, not “good boy”.
"GOOD BOY" he is indeed and he looks just so handsome in his costume!
Used to train guide dogs except mine failed for having allergies and they were scared he would start scratching in the middle of a crosswalk... as he did multiple times during his training courses... he's still a good boy though. 
A dog is a man's best friend in need! !
Where can you adopt failed guide or service dogs. I want a G O O D B O Y E
Holy shit that is the most wholesome way to fail at something
If you all are in need of something for hip+joint pain for animals, my vet turned me on to this wonderful product and it's changed the mobility and energy of my pup. www.petfriendlyremedies.com ... They just started selling direct to consumer. It used to only be able to get from my vet for double the price!! 
http://imgur.com/LqhwSZp

Looks very similar to my service dog. I’ll see if he enjoys carrots, too. He loves saltines!
Requesting r/ilikthebred
/r/suspiciousquotes
Is he a rabbit? 
Love him!!!
Awesome!!! My parents had a “failed” guide who had the same Good looks as this good boy... and carrots!!! Carrots and ice cubes were his favorite treats.  It looks like you found a perfect match.  
Can someone please tell me what breed this dog is?
My sister recently lost her failed leader dog. Molly couldn't control herself around food. It didn't affect her ability to be a sweethearted lover. Incredibly smart and loyal girl. Something to be learned from these pups. Be yourself and don't let failure define you. 
He's wearing crab claws on his head. 
What an amazing boy!
Cutest! ❤️
oh buoy
Why does he have claws on his head?
when a dog is more than just a meer "good boy", he becomes a "grand boy".
My family and I have raised several guide dogs over the past 15 years, and only one has served a whole career before being retired. The rest are what they like to refer to as "successful pets", which I always thought was a funny/nice way of putting it. 
Post this boy to /r/DogsWithJobs OP!
Good boy
I had a german shepherd who failed out of guide school as well because she was too nice and indecisive. Wonderful dog and so kind
I give my dogs carrots as a treat too. They love the crunch! They're pretty healthy snacks and helps keep their breath less stinky 🐕 
This story is the best way to start a Tuesday
Is he from Ohio?
My cousin used to work training guide dogs and the ones who failed were called "fabulous flunkies" when listed for adoption :)
,
He's so lovely. Hope you two have a lovely life together and much love to you and your family. This is adorable. 

Does he mind having the stuff on him, though? A lot of Dogs find it really uncomfortable and just go for it to amuse us, but really don't like it. 
Who's a good boy?
Aw, what’s his name?  Give him a carrot for me on January 8, ‘cause it’s Elvis’ birthday. 
Love your story. Thanks for posting. 
I'm glad this good boy found the right career for himself
Feed him a carrot and document it for us.
Good boy
So I should be giving my dog carrots.  On it.

ps: your pup is adorable.
Mr.Carrot
Too friendly... I feel like most people would need a bit of „too friendly“.
How can I adopt a "failed" guide/disability dog?  
It looks like he has a very large head and small body like some elf dog
Still a guide dog for you. Just in a different way! 
TIL I'd make a great guide dog.
His head looks massive... It may be the perspective tho 
I’m visually impaired and had to retire my guide dog last year due to her wanting to play with other dogs all the time (she’d get distracted whenever we’d see one and it became a safety hazard). I’m so glad I got to keep her because she’s truly such a good dog; she just wants to be friends with everyone. Dogs are so fantastic. 
Huh, TIL you can feed your dog carrots.
Where is the carrot?
Can someone explain why a guide dog could fail for being too friendly? Is it because the dog is easily distracted by people and not guiding the person they are assigned to making an activity take longer than needed?

Also adorable Doggo!
If you're going to fail, being too friendly isn't a bad way to do it.

His talents apparently lead him elsewhere, and with a large amount of success.
What is it with labs and carrots? My black lab used to go ape shit for them 
OP give dog a pat on the head from me
My good boy loves carrots too!
I'm dying to know, does he get a full-size carrot or a baby carrot? I hope it's full size because he seems like THAT good of a boy!!
We had a ‘failed’ guide dog as our unofficial high school mascot. He was super friendly and chill, he just had trouble navigating his owner around human-head-height objects, so they kept walking into street signs and stuff. 
Found his true calling. Not a failure - Winner! 🥇🏆
Adorable! Great that he does that stuff, I respect that big time. I had a handicapped cat (or handicat), animals are amazing for therapeutic support too. 
"enjoys a carrot" 
Dogs eat carrots? 
 A family friend used to train guide dogs, every so often she would have to fail them for this reason. She ended up keeping one and its seriously the best dog ever lol well trained and affectionate as can be!
He looks like a very good boy.
He’s one of the goodest boyes 
Litto brown nose <3
Need Video 
My dog failed for the same reason. She is now my therapy service/emotional support dog. Could not ask for a better dog. 
Usually being too friendly is the reason guide dogs fail, I mean imagine a seeing eye dog that ran across the street to some kid that motioned to it leading the blind guy into on coming traffic. Luckily failed guide dogs are usually great dogs to own since they were socialized a lot during youth.
I was in a train station where there was a little stall selling things (pens, keyrings) to raise money for the guide dogs, and there was a doggo there who failed to graduated guide dog university, because his tummy couldn't tolerate dog food. So he got transferred to the PR department and eats only raw meat.
Keklife.
❤️❤️❤️
So cute 💯
So cute😍
My grandparents used to raise dogs and train them to be seeing-eye dogs. They adopted two that failed - one failed because he was too afraid to cross the street for his final test, and one for being too friendly and energetic. 

The one who failed for being too afraid was the tallest black lab I’ve ever met and he was just a big teddy bear. Never made noise and always looked sad. 

The other one was a girl and she was always full of energy. She had a litter of puppies that went on to be seeing-eye dogs. 

When the male passed away (he was 16), the female was absolutely devastated. She only lived another year after that and was never the same - it was pretty sad to see. 

They were the best. 
Mr Carrrrroootttss.
Have a withdrawn guide dog called Wills. Got him as a therapy pet when I was diagnosed with a mental illness. Best decision I've ever made. Love him to pieces [Pup] (https://imgur.com/gallery/03vSM)
My mother is blind and has had service dogs since ‘91. There were two labs that she trained w at different times that ended up not working out for exactly this reason and I️ LOVE that this good boy is helping people the way that works for him. So happy to see these wonderful service dogs be loved
He’s a good boy!!!
this is good friend
At the guide dog school I volunteer at we say "career changed." Being a guide dog is the hardest career for a dog since they have a very specific set of skills and need to be able to go against their natural instincts of being a dog (or in the case of food and people, going against being a lab). As a puppy raiser I'm comforted that my dogs will go off and improve someone's life regardless of whether they become a guide dog, bomb and arson dog, disability dog, or even a pet. Your dog looks so sweet. What's his name and do you know what school he came from?
s u p p o r t i v e b o y e
Hahaha I love that he failed because he was too happy to meet everyone! Such a lab! He's very cute. 
So cute!

Dogs like carrots?
I think we didn ask the dog if he was good in guiding. If it was the case his first job wouldn’t be it.
Oh my god that face
TL;DR. Don't care, up voting dog.  
Why is 'good boy' in quotation marks?
Please give him the biggest hug for me please. 
What breed 
Oh man... i want to hug that dog so bad.
Guide dog school is like Harvard. It’s a feat just to get in 
So adorable 
I met a support dog dropout at the dog park once. She insisted on sitting on my lap because that is what she was trained to do for autistic school kids to help keep them calm. I am not autistic, nor was I un-calm. She was, however, a Very Good Girl.
I just lost my Lab after 13 years. Please give him extra love for me. 
MY DOG LOVES CARROTS TOO
Imagine being the one who's job it is to fire dogs from their job
Failed for being too good of a boy 😩
You mean he ‘“enjoys” a carrot because he’s a good boy. 
Should join Luffy's crew. 
Look at that smug look! He knows how good he is and you don't even have to tell him!
That nose is spectacular.
My dog failed as a hunting dog because he wanted to hunt kisses more than wild game. Now he's 50/50 on each
This warms my heart! He comforts you and you comfort him. Truly beautiful. So happy for you and your new friend!
He is a good boy.
"Spot, we need to talk. This role isn't working out for you. It's great that you present us with your toys as gifts but you have led Mrs Blankenship into each of the 4 walls on separate occasions. We wish you all the best. Good boy."


Edit: deleted incorrect word
How does one go about making their dog an emotional  support dog. 
You feed him carrots as rewards? Poor thing
ESA animals are amazing 💕💕 I have a bird that helps all my panic attacks!
Damn why you give him a carrot tho
My Gran used to own german shepherd, It grew up to be a police dog (K9 Unit), yet it too was friendly to be a proper police dog. So it was given to my grandparents, though sadly it passed away quite a while ago
  He has found his true calling and the two of you are better for it.
Haha he's so cute, he looks so unimpressed.

*Jerry. Look at my face. Do you think Christmas is a game? Where the hell are the damn Christmas lights, Jerry?*
Years ago, I'd watch trainers from Guidedogs for the Blind train young pooches in downtown San Rafael, CA. One day, I struck up a conversation with a trainer attempting to train a beautiful young Golden Retriever.  She indicated the same thing as this case - the dog was not doing well because it was just too damn friendly and wanted to play with everybody.  It seems like the best trait for a guide dog is a less outgoing personality.

Over the years, I've had a bunch of goldens and labs - most were very trainable (just regular dogs, not guide dogs), but one who turned out to be one of my favorites took FOREVER to train, because she was just so friendly, and had a huge stubborn streak. 
GIVE HIM SCOOBY SNACK!!!
Cute! 😊😊
I luv dogs!
Thank you for not telling us to "meet" him in your title.
Carrots-- dogs either love them or hate them.

I want to cuddle him till we're both exhausted!!
The fact that he fails for being too friendly is pretty funny. But hey at least it shows his true calling!  :)
Failed for being too friendly? As in, runs to people to lick and greet them?
This picture is hilarious.
Rudolf the white nosed reindog.
yeah, he is the cutest thing on reddit so far sorry court doggo
Tell him he’s a great boy right now 
Is this a golden lab? Anyone know?
I was very depressed for a number of years, still am in a way, but through hard work on myself and the love of my two dogs, I no longer have the thoughts I used to have. They have truly given me the happiest of times. I'm just finishing work and I can't wait to get home to them after a pretty shit day! 
Only one carrot?,
Monster!
is he canadian
I've raised 3 guide dogs and my last one failed for being too friendly too!  He was a great companion and he lived the rest of his 15years as my best friend!  Great experience, would recommend to anyone who enjoys training dogs and helping others.
Guide dogs can't be too friendly. Dogs in training have to learn to separate themselves from affectionate people
he head to big for he goddamn feet
Doggies for life  <3
Wait...He eats carrots?

And enjoys them?

No doubt he’s a super good boy, but I’m so intrigued by the idea of carrots for dog treats ...
Such a cutie
Watta good boy!
Why is being too friendly a bad thing for guide dogs? I would think that's something you want out of one.
. Omg I can't take this mental imagery..

He is a good boy!
Aww..look at that face..
Can someone please give him a cookie and a hug?
What a handsome little fellow. 😭
It is okay for he nos nothing of our social construct of success and failure, he is perpetually a good boy in his own eyes.
Such a beautiful doggy, he looks like a great dog!
He looks just like my pupper. He's a lab mixed with a Goldie. Essentially exactly like yours but with golden fur. 
And he's a good sport. 
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUTWK9BUtzZjAi7ndXuJN5w?app=desktop
Checkout this
I love you
So nicely..." Good boy"!!
Awww. Give him extra treats and cuddles for us and tell him we said good boy. :)
These are the best dogs ever.  My friend has a dog for her disabilities and he's way too friendly but also so freaking awesome.  Helps her with everything.  
Did not know that dogs liked carrots, then again I suppose they eat everything so I shouldn't be surprised.
>He is a failed guide dog

"Come on boy, I'd like to cross this street sometime this week and...oh no, don't go up to someone again!"
Good deer
Can anyone tell me what breed this dog is?
Probably the best reason to be fired from a job. Because he's too much of a good boy
How sweet
Love love love this dog!
Not only did this make my day, it made 2017 complete!
too cute!
She does. She starts with the old sneakers and makes her way up to loafers and the like. 
Dude, my labs absolute favorite treats are carrots. That's awesome. 
I am a puppy walker, which is the official term for people who adopt the dogs for the first 18 months of their lives before they go off to guide dog training.  Less than half of dogs who go through the training pass.  If they fail, they then can become a PTSD dog, or a disability support dog.  If they fail at that, or they are ready for retirement, they can be purchased from the Guide Dog Charity.  There is a very long wait list to buy failed guide dogs because they are the best dogs in the world (IMHO).  They are super-friendly, fully vaccinated, fixed, very well trained, and incredibly patient.  You will have a very tough time finding a better 4-legged friend than a retired or failed guide dog.
1 carrot for a good boy?
Bad human!
I beleive only 10% of the guide dogs pass their training, the rest fail. Some get repurposed, other just put up for adoption.

This is also why it cost so much to train them, they also cover the expense of all the failed dogs.
I raised a seeing eye dog German Shephard puppy named Fenton, but he failed the program because he just could not not chase animals squirrels, deer, etc. We could not keep him at the time so he was put up for adoption through the seeing eye program. I thought for a while he was the dog in that viral video of the British guy screaming "Fenton!" but could not find any history on it, so I like to think it was that sweet little boy doing what he loved best =) 
Awhhhh, he's so cute  
🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕
What a great way to fail. 
NEVER HAS FAILING BEEN SO GOOD 
Dog of the year.
Good boy!
What a good boy.
You cannot fail at anything if you are a good dog
What a nice analogy of life. Sometime you are not what people planned for you, it doesnt mean you are a failure, just that there is sometime where you can shine out there :) .
Thats the great thing about being a dog, if you suck at your job you don't know.
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD BOY
Too cute.
I want a dog so bad because I need a friend but I know I can't financially support one yet):
Holy shit. He's so fucking cute. Oh my God. It's too much to handle.
[Definitely best support class for human players](https://youtu.be/xbBMVa2A68s).
Yeah I once had a failed dog for being too kind and if used to read me poetry and tuck me in at bed at night. I have no video evidence like all the other people making wild claims but trust me my dogs the best 
Karen, I swear to god if you don't take this shit off of me in the next 10 seconds...
oh he is the goodest of boys. look at those eyes
Guide dogs are so cool. There's a non-profit organization called Dogs 4 Diabetics that trains service dogs to smell the changes in blood sugar and notify the owner (through a bark, tugging on a belt-clip chew toy thing, they can be trained to wake you up at night if your blood sugar is low, etc.) but a huge thing they do is take 'failed' guide dogs for the blind and repurpose their training for Diabetics. A dog that is 'ball-distracted' or afraid of puddles would make a terrible seeing eye dog, but could be the best dog for a Diabetic ever
Where can I get a failed service dog? They seem so awesome
My school won't let me bring my support badger to school....
He looks absolutely lovely. 
To failure!
Who's a good boy!?
Williams Syndrome in dogs is cute 
He didn't fail, he got promoted.
My sister’s Golden Retriever was originally destined to be a guide dog for the blind. But he didn’t do well with new or unexpected changes in the environment because he was timid. Not a good trait for a seeing eye doggo. So he had a career change and became a very well mannered couch potato instead. At which he excelled.
I was a volunteer puppy raiser and trainer of service dogs for the handicapped and ended up with two 'failures.'  

They saved *me.*
He’s a very good boy
Aaaa what a cute reindeer <3
[x] Eats carrots
[x] Has antlers

Clearly, this is a reindeer.  And a very, very good one, at that.
THEY DON'T DESERVE YOU BUDDY :(:(
Fun fact: Most (all?) ATF dogs are "failed" guide dogs. ATF isn't told why the dogs failed, but it's usually because they have too much energy :) 
Why "good boy"? It doesn't make sense that it would imply sarcasm. I don't understand. 
I really want to hang out with this dog right now. Its snowing and I love dogs. 
He is a VERY good boy and Santa is going to bring him lots of goodies this year. 

So cute. I wish my doggie would wear things like that without turning them into bits of rag and saliva in under two minutes.
Meanwhile my dog spends his days lounging around and scheming about ways to manipulate me into giving him my food.
I love that dog already...
Is there a crab on his back?

/s
omg your dog is adorable and his outfit gives me life! 
Sorry, but that's a reindeer.
that's the most adorable thing I've heard in my life haha...
I love dogs
Looks exactly like my dog
um excuSE ME WHY IS "GOOD BOY" in quotes??,, he is obviously an EXELLENT BOY,, no quotes necessary.
He is very sweet.
Good boye
Why is he wearing Mr Krabs for a hat?  Who knows - maybe the hat has his own identity.. Krabby.. and is helping your dog take over the world!
Oh, my god.  Such a sweet boy. 💙  The costume is hysterical. 
He is perfect.
I wanna pet him 😍😍😍😍
Cool outfit. The dog looks so cute in it. 
He does just look like a good boy he looks like the best doggo :3
Dogs... don’t... eat... carrots? >.> Should I be feeding my dogs carrots? My dogs will eat lint off the floor, I guess. 

Such a cutie patooty. 
Dog Guardian here: 

Every dog I’ve had in my life loves/loved carrots, including my Lab/hound now. OP, your Labradork is so cute. 
Give that dog cuddles every single day for me
I would die for him.
This made my day! :D
I’ve had a few small dogs but is there a way to find a dog that was trained similar who wasn’t used for that? I have anxiety, panic, depression, and agoraphobia. I’ve had a few puppy loves, I’d be so happy to have another 
One way of getting out of the hard work...well played dog 
Aww he's a winner in our hearts. 
My good boy loves carrots too! :)
My dog was a failed guide dog as well. She was too timid for her to be in the program so they gave her to my family. She barked maybe once or twice in her entire life with us and was the sweetest doggo ever. RIP
So adorable.  
aww he da goodest boyyee
S U P P O R T B O Y E 
These guys are just the best! My girl loves carrots too! And a cheeky cold apple from the fridge just for being the best good girle.
What's his name? He looks so similar to my failed guide dog for being too friendly! Sadly we had to give him away because we couldn't keep a dog (originally why we only fostered for a year)

I didn't know dogs liked carrots! That's awesome.
But the back of his head is suffocating Zoidberg! 
He didn’t fail at anything. He’s a winner at life.
Good boi 
This is the most lab thing I've ever heard
Now I miss my dogs.
Such a good and patient boy, I want him.
I cringe that they classify him as “failed”. Just because a fish can’t climb a tree doesn’t make it a failed fish. This pup is just too legit of a cutie and i just want to book his nose! I’m thrilled that he found a role he can succeed in and that he found a forever home with OP. 
I'm tryna get my street cred up! then this post just destroys me😭
CCI?
Damn, what a cute pupper.
What’s his name?
You shouldn’t be giving your dog carrots dude
+1 iota /u/iotaTipBot
My service dog started out in life as a guide dog, too. She completed training and went out with a partner but was returned because she's too food-oriented and would dart over and pick up things -- not a good thing to do.  So she was sent over to the hearing ear side of the program, and went through that.  She's STILL very food-oriented and we constantly have to work with her on that. 
Me and your doggo are kindred spirits! I was fired on 11/10 for being “too funny” & “distracting my coworkers”. If your dog failed at a Guide, then he was not meant to be a Guide. I LOVE YOUR DOG. I FUCKING LOVE YOOR DOG!!! Look at his eyes. He is obviously such a kind, loving heart. Treasure him always...
Dogs eat carrots?
Do you live in the US? If so what region? Won't get too specific but I work for a company that trains service dogs, would be awesome if he was one of our flunkers
No dog is ever a failure
He is sooo adorable!!! <3
Awww
My mother in law's dog didn't pay any attention to carrots until she saw how much my cat likes them. Now she loves them, like your pooch does. 
I want a dog that failed to become a guide dog. I know a few people that have them, and they are absolutely the best dogs in the world. 
A carrot! That's hilarious!
Such a good boy! Friendly doggo can never be too friendly!
The quotation marks make this mean the opposite of what you intend.

This dog looks like a bobble head.
Hi good boy! I have a bit of room in my bed if you visit.
Shit, this good boi is a plot for a Pixar movie!
A carrot? 
Loving too much is never a fail! Goodest of good boys! 
Omg he's adorable.


Service failed doesn’t make life fucked
How does one find themselves these fail dogs
They call it the Williams Syndrome.
He makes my heart warm just looking at him <3
So kind, looks a wonderful dog! 
Just too cute I love dogs 
No better use of any good boy.

I can no longer call my dog a good boy until this happens too him
I absolutely love everything about this story!! That is definitely a good pupper!!
Do guide/service dogs know they’re wearing a vest that says “do not pet” or do they think other humans are incredibly rude? I was in  a store last night and a yellow lab that looks identical to mine looked at me with the saddest face ever. It had a vest on that said “Service animal. Do not pet.” I felt so bad for it. 
A what did he do wrong that he does have a carrot in the picture?  B. Why does he have lobster claws on his head?  C. What was he digging through that's caught on his neck? 

SO MANY QUESTIONS! /s
Oh man they look just like my dog what litter was it in mine was in A so he is Aldridge 
I’m so happy for you both and I hope he helps you as much as you caring for him helps him
He. Is. The. Best. Boy.
I wish I could upvote this 100 times 
All dogs go to heaven.  They are heaven sent.  
The people who deemed that good boy are failures 
"I'm sorry but we're going to have to let you go. You've become... too good of a boy"
Such a handsome boy I want to pet him and give him a treat 
Awhhhh, he's so cute  
When I was a kid, we ended up with a dog the owner let run. He bought him as a guard dog, the trainer told him he would never be a good one, too friendly. The only thing that dog would go after was motorcycles. Original owner rode a bike, so not a big surprise. This was the 70's, still miss him, RIP Bear. You were a great dog.
Blue cheese has mold in it
Google: *how can I get a disability*
You feed my children to dogs?
Haha your disabled
The goodest of boys
Not all hero's ear capes.  Some wear reindeer horns
He need Chri-mas cookies too... SMOOCH! for the baby
Aw!  Sweet boy ❤️
Anyone find a piece of my heart? Cos it just EXPLODED out of cuteness 
Every day I enjoy a carrot because I'm "trying not to be obese."
Aww, some dogs are just a sweet heart. My dog is the same way. She's too friendly to anyone. If a robber came into our house, she'd greet them. No joke. She's the kindest being in this planet.
GOOD BOY!
The best boye 
I see no failure here
What a great boy boy! Mine loves carrots too! 
