I can definitely see why that dog needs a solid brick wall in order to be kept in the yard
Lady and the Trampoline.
Hello......CanI......Sniff....Yourbutt

He jumps the same direction from the same spot every time. I find that hilarious 
Its almost as if its a dog cutout on a rotating wheel hahaha
what type of dolphin is that
WOW Moon Moon, haven't heard that name in about 4 years. 

He was a special kind of dog!
Listen chat
LISTEN
[deleted]
Moon Moon is also the name of a popular twitch streamer, hence the weird seemingly out of context comments.
moon2JUMP
Needs more receding hairline 
moon2S
Hey.......
Up here.......
Hi.......
What’s.......
You’re name?.....
Ocean man...
Moon2Smug
That doesn't look like famous variety streamer MOONMOON_OW
MOON SUBS DansGame
Moon2SMUG
"Hey there!.....  Like you...   I'm also....     A dog!"
Every dog should own a trampoline.
ALL THEY DO IS SPAM STUPID PURPLE LADY FACE IN CHAT
Is anyone going to say anything about how OP is letting the dog just sit in the middle of the road while he's focusing on getting the right shot?
Looks to me like he's stuck on a water wheel. Let's hope someone gets him the help he needs. 
Moon subs ruining my reddit browsing experience :rage:
moon2SMUG
Feel like this is something Mr. Peanutbutter from Bojack would do. "Hey!!....Hi!!...wanna...come...over..."
Me jumpspotting b apps on Mirage...
moon2SPY
Listen reddit
moon2SPY
Moon2S
Dammit Moon Moon. 
The fact the leashed dog is half in the road makes me anxious
Who the fuck invited Moon Moon 
Meanwhile, OP's dog stands in the middle of the road while neither it nor OP watch for traffic
Needs dog window asap.
http://www.toxel.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/dogwindow01.jpg
God damnit moon moon.

Pretty sure there's a dog-sized ferris wheel behind that wall...
moon2SMUG
moon2smug
Moon2SMUG
moon2S
Why do dogs always lose their shit when they see another dog? It doesn't seem to matter, any time one dog sees another, it will do everything in its power to get to that dog, to the point of constantly jumping high enough over a brick wall just to *look* at the other dog.
LISSEN CHAT
Get the dog out of the middle of the road! 
The legend of moon moon lives on 
HEY





HEY








HEY
I like how the brick wall is patched up, almost like he has broken through it a couple times
MY family and I were visiting cousins once and we decided to go for a walk around the block. At one point we came to this fence and we see this light tan colored head bobbing up and down. It had what we thought was long hair so we thought it was a little girl jumping up and down on a trampoline in their backyard. It turned out to be a dog with long fur. 
Me on b site mirage. Feelsbadman.
Thats a dog, not my BALDing dad. Moon2S
TIL that dogs are actually trampolines
Sup girl... Looking... Mity fine... As you... Can tell... I never... Skip... Leg dsy...
Hey ass hole, your dog is standing in the middle of the road
Moon 2 has entered the game.
Joke's on you... That's 4 different huskies. 
My dog just passed, this made me laugh, thanks. 
It is like a revolution of the moon around the earth if you think about it. 
Love it.  This Husky has figured out if it runs and jumps it gets a longer looksee then if it jumps straight up.  Smart Husky.
M-O-O-N that spells jump
"Hey! I was wonder..."
"...ing if I could sniff..."
"your butt!"
AnD nOw It'S tImE tO sAy GoOdByE mOoN mEn
Me on b site mirage. Feelsbadman.
LMFAO, Im just picturing the husky saying:

"Hey.......

You....

Can I...

Sniff you?"

Moon moon jumps like he/ she is on the moon....moon..
Why is he letting it stand in the middle of the road? 
Living in a city where there's a million shitty drivers, it bothers me that the person recording is just letting their dog stand in the street while the focus on recording the cute jumping dog
Thanks for getting me to die laughing in the middle of choir warmups... and then making my friends have the same reaction.
i miss my husky
mOON MOON
You go up and knock on that door and make that introduction right now!
Nintendogs: EA Edition
Hey your dog’s in the street.
J U M P E Y  B O I 
Me peeking appartements on Mirage B site.
It's an older meme sir, but it checks out.
> Moon Moon

I'm so happy to see this meme still being used after all these years, it's one of my favorites :)
"Hi!"

"Hello!"

"How you doing?"

"Be my friend!"
Jesus Please, don’t let the dog get hit by a truck....
The neighbors keep calling me. It's embarrassing. 
[removed]
Hey!!.........Hey!!..........Hey!!.....
/u/k9moonmoon I thought of you.
Damn it, who invited Moon Moon?!
TEAR DOWN THAT WALL
There used to be a dog in my hometown that did the same thing. We used to call him Hercules 
According to reddit,huskies are pure derp
This is amazing 
MOON MOON
You would almost thing this is looped, lol.
I don’t see Moon Moon
Lol that is too cute
The way the Moon Moon waxes and wanes is so beautiful.
I find this both amusing and sad
Lady and the tramp-oline
I've been in the bathroom for way too long. My legs are falling asleep but that pupper makes everything okay
Hello!
Hey there....unlike you....I am a....GOOD BOI.
Hey......Hey......Hey
Not Gallowboob?  Upvote.
The loss of Net Neutrality better not stop me from watching stuff like this from work!
It looks like they have a dog on a small windmill
Why is the dog in the middle of the street?
Does anyone else see a husky cutout on a revolving wheel?
Moon Moon has hops.
Serious question. Whats the difference between the type of leash you seen in the gif and one of those retractable ones that go like 20 feet? I am wanting to adopt my first dog (not a puppy, but a 20-50 pound or whatever I fall in love with) within the next month or so and am trying to gather up a list of all the things I want to buy before I get a dog.
I wish I could be Moon Moon's friend! 
Me in 2017 looking at 2018 like....
Such...friend...much....wow
I'd love to see a DIY post on how to build a mini ferris wheel for my dogs.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0U829nEAZRw
lol haha
I have a husky puppy and I think I need a taller fence 
Is that Sun Sun in the street?
Someone with more skill than I needs to make an seamless loop of this
Damnit, Moon Moon.
Guess he's over the moon to see another doggo
that is sooooo great I can't stand it
Peeking apps in mirage be like 
Me on B site Mirage
/u/greenlanternx3
Apogee love.  Can't get no higher.
Is there a mini ferris wheel there?
This is hilarious 
The Return of Moon Moon. I've been waiting two years for this!!
Doggo must be either on a trampoline or have springs for legs. Wow
Me desperately trying to meaningfully socialize online
Thats not Moonman, this is Moonman https://vimeo.com/169407554
Moon Moon is never not funny.
You know that cliche movie trope where there's a unique person unlike everyone else and they finally meet somebody of their own kind?

I bet dogs are like that 
r/bettereveryloop
Lol
...what? How?
That’s called the “Hi!” Jump
Someone needs to make a behind the gif where the dogs sitting on a windmill or one of those strongman things.
this needs to be in r/eyebleach 
He is on an attraction. Going round and round
Hodl! 
WHO TF INVITED MOON MOON ALONG
Moon Moon's just riding the ferris wheel they put in last week.
Hey! Come see me, come see me, I'm a fun guy just look at how high I can jump!
Small garden ferris wheel
This is really /r/behindthegifs material
I can hear the Super Mario jumping sound every time I see his head pop up.
This makes me laugh but also makes me sad.  Poor pupper wants a friend but will be exhausted until he gets one.
Not friend, girl friend. want something more..
Oak tree. Brick subdivision wall. Trampoline. Where in Florida is this?
Hi friend I'm here You can even see where they patched over it's last escape...
Why the name Moon Moon? 
Have lab mix: she kept jumping our 4ft fence... she's an inside dog now. :)  this video made my day!!
This is so cute
BALDUKEN!!
I think that Dogus has his own merry-go-round. That would explain it.
Your dog has been now taught it's ok to chill in the middle of a road.  Careful man, noone wants an accidents to happen if he ever is off the leash.
Your dog is standing in the road...
funny haha
good byeeee, mooon moon
r/Moonmoon
Moon moon and Juliet
In case anyone is curious, Yes, you need a wall that high and that sturdy in order to contain a husky
Fucking moon moon 
*bark...*

.

.

*bark...*

.

.

*bark...*

.

.

*bark...*
So glad I got high before watching this. 
Huskies are weird.
Hey.......whats up.......my name is...... Moon moon.......whats urs?.........
That’s no moon!
Fucking love dogs. Urgh so KYAUT. 
u/stabbot 
Fren*
Reminds me of the trampoline story from Lee Mack 'Joanne'

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0U829nEAZRw
He was in disbelief 😂
If this dog wasn't on the chain, I'm sure he would jump over the fence .
I love all dogs so much. But there is something so eerie about most Husky dogs I've met. They seem like they have alien personalities compared to other ones. 


On the bright side, Moon is in great shape.﻿
That's not roadhog.
Who the fuck is Moon Moon
It's like he's on a little ferris wheel lol 
I'd like this to be photoshopped at the Mexico/ US wall where the leashed dog is a patrol dog and Moon Moon has a sombrero. 
I can't stop thinking about how that dog is just standing in traffic while the owner is safe on the sidewalk. 
Get the dog a friend. :-)
Oh my goodness my heart <3
This is possibly the most beautiful thing I've seen all day. 
fucking moon moon!
M-O-O-N that spells new friend
when your friend gets past class your in
Is your pupper standing in the middle of the street? 😱
GODDAMMIT MOON MOON
Dammit Moon Moon.
Damnit moon moon! Not again!
*Damnit Moon Moon*
How is he getting that high??
Jump spotting sewers on de_overpass
https://www.mailmygov.com
Husky problems haha 
Hey! .... Hey! you!....... I am!...... Moon!.... Mooon!...... Nice!..... To!!!...... Meeet!!....... youuuu!!
Hilarious!!
I'll be their friend.
Get outta the road!!
Dammit Moon Moon. 
I feel like that at times 
God damn it moon moon
So beauty full a d sweet🤗🤗
[It's an old meme sir, but it checks out.](https://i.imgur.com/rfW6iYz.jpg)
😂 so cute
"Do.....you.....wanna....play?"
"Hey! How are you!...   Doing, I was wondering!...   If you wanted!...  A new!...   Friend!..."


Haha that’s 😄 😃😃😃
Here's a looped version I made: https://i.imgur.com/r12pmef.gif

It could use some stabilization... /u/stabbot
My dog growing up used to do that to my neighbors constantly. They didn't even have a dog, he just wanted to say hi to them. They hated it so they built the wall higher, up to 8 feet. Our dog just jumped higher and they gave up.
Sad part is that this is likely a sign from the dog that it’s owner doesn’t exercise it enough or give it enough attention. 
i haven't seen that name for a while
anyone get annoyed when the camera moves.
Lol..this record raised my spirits
someone needs to put that dog down its creepy
Jump spotting in CSGO lmao
put........your.......phone.......on.......landscape
Are all Huskies living pogo sticks? Every one I have ever met has been.
Are all Huskies living pogo sticks? Every one I have ever met has been.
Someone should photoshop The Donald smirk on the husky. 
Make sure his new friend is named "chat". He loves those guys. 

Also moonmoon is bald.
He's just peeking B apps on mirage as an CT. 
This is so BehindTheGifs material where Moon Moon has built small ferris wheel on the back yard.
MOON MOON IS BACK
isnt moonmoon that balding middle aged streamer?
Guys who the f--- brought moon moon along? 
Why does your dog have two names
This is remind me of playing PUBG for some reason.
u/stabbot
Sun sun
https://img.memecdn.com/no-moon-moon_o_3695961.jpg

Moon moon can probably clear that if he wanted to.
You pick him up at the Darkmoon Faire by chance? 
Awww.  Baby.  Let him meet his friend and film it for us, please!
Me playing CSGO
And this is exactly why you should install rollers on the top of any fence with a Husky or similar breed dog: https://youtu.be/aAC_JTdsTCw
Can confirm. Have 2 huskies...we fill the bottom of the fence with bricks and somehow, they still get out. We've started build the fence higher too 😂😂
Every time the doggo jumps I can hear it go " Hey!... Can I... Sniff... Your butt...."
Anyone else bothered by the fact that the other dogs owner is fine with it being in the middle of the road?
This seriously brightened my day! Thanks!
M O O N, that spells friend
......hey!........

.......Hey!......


......I see you ......
Mi corazon...You are more lovely.... than the dawn... mi corazon!
hhahahha


hello neighbor 
I LOVE YOU MOON MOON
“Hey do you wan...”
“An hang out..”
“Sometime we can”
“Chase squirrels and...”
A jumping double for cold!
/u/stabbot 
Moon moon wants a new friend Indeed.
Finally, a comment section with no purple ladies
Hey.........
Guys.......
How......
You.......
Doing....
....
...?
That is so cute!!!
Reminds me of River's Edge
There's a dog that does that in our neighborhood!

Terrifies the crap out of my puppy.
How to save gif?

Get that poor doggo a porthole!

https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00BHBJPHA/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_zrbnAbGK4Z13S
I don't know why but the fact the dog has a right-to-left arc each time somehow makes it even better than if it was just up and down.
Is that the dog that was jumping happily on a trampoline until it saw someone recording it?
Someone has a pack of dogs and is throwing them behind this wall. Must looks really fun how he runs back to his old position just to jump again.
ALL THEY DO IS SPAM PURPLE LADY FACE
moon moon wants a companion on the ferris wheel
Is moonmoon perchance named after the Overwatch player?
Stop vertical video syndrome
Hey! 
.
.
.
Yeah
.
.
.
You! 
.
.
.
Pity the poor prisoner.  I wish he had a window into the world.  Imagine how boring that box would be. 
Moonrise, moonset...moonrise, moonset
Where dat slowmo at
when your friend gets past class your in
You would almost thing this is looped, lol.
Hodl! 
someone needs to put that dog down its creepy
Easy guide on how to peek Mirage apps.  
r/csgo r/counterstrike
Your dog seems like something forver changed inside of him.
Wufffff....
Adorable! I’m rolling! 😂
This calls for Kool-Aid Man! Oh yeah!
I picture the dog on a mini Ferris wheel
trampoline?
I imagine he's on a ferris wheel
Moon needs a pair of moon shoes 
You REMEMBER Moon Moon!?!??!?! I love you.
Lol i love how the jumps are the same everytime! Fuckin huskies are something else.
Dammit moon moon!
This also need to be cross posted in r/animalsbeingderps 
I would love a /r/behindthegifs here
H ^(E ^E E ) Y
This is me when I'm playing CS:GO on mirage trying to peak apartments on B.
u/stabbot
Dog sniper bait. 
They have that huge wall for a reason. 
Pity the poor prisoner.  I wish he had a window into the world.  Imagine how boring that box would be. 
This post again eh
For more silly wolves and snow dogs, see /r/moomoon!
I think this is the most adorable thing I've seen all week
Get your dog out of the fucking road
i didn't know it was possible for this type of thing to exist anywhere except the movies
u/swishyfoam
Isn’t this an old re-post? I feel like I’ve seen this a dozen times already.


Not that I’m complaining...
Moon moon wants free internet 
[deleted]
Me when I see someone with a gaming laptop on campus. . .
Dang it Moon Moon.
Moon moon? Animal abuse!
Can confirm.
[removed]
This is actually pretty heartbreaking.
Dog: Let me Out, I wanna hookup!!
The real moon moon is the dog standing in the middle of the road
Not only are you portrait mode, your dog's in the fuckin' street!
/r/funnyandsad
Is that dog in heat? wtf...That's nuts.
Oh my what a classic meme
Moon moon jokes arent funny
[Moon Moon you say?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YHEifuLCSIY)
"one in apartments" 
Am I the only person ho realizes this was faked?
[removed]
