I really thought the dog was gonna go right over.... but damn that was actually cooler! 
r/barkour
The little "nose lick" at the end looks like the dog version of a cool wink and a nod. 
Is that an Australian Shepherd? The face looks like a different breed though, i can't point it out.
Aussies are the best.    I found an Aussie by the side of the road hanging around a sandwich shop for handouts.  She had been there for several days.    My friends owned the shop and asked me to take her. I did.  No tags, looked really messed up.  After a bath, a visit to the vet and some good dog food, she was good to go.   This was about 30 years ago.   We live out in the country.  One day I came home from work and there was a bull and about 5 cows hanging out by my side door.  Not mine.  I slowly got out of the car and let Lucky out of her dog run and told her to round them up.  She started circling them and drove them  down away from the house into our pasture.  After that she came running up smiling like all get out.  Damn I loved that dog.   She was the best.  
[Boing](https://i.imgur.com/wmba9uw.mp4)
Rudy Mustang is a great name for a stunt dog.
r/wigglebutts for all your Aussie needs
I was really hoping for a barrel roll. Had Peppy in my head and everything.
It's neat how sometimes dogs seem to have complete body awareness (knowing they will fit perfectly through the gate) and other times they seem completely oblivious (several hundred pound dogs sitting in laps)
In case anyone is wondering: this is a blue merle Australian Shepherd

The mottled looking coloring comes from a gene that effects the coat. Without that gene, this dog would be black tricolor (think Bernese Mountain Dog coloring), but instead, it’s like someone splashed bleach on him, causing random dilution of color where it would be black.

Aussies can come in:

Black, black and brown, black tricolor 

Red (which can range from chocolatey brown to auburn), red and brown, red tricolor

And then merle versions of all of the above!

Though there’s also double merle. Where two merle Aussies are bred together, and about 1/4 of the litter gets two copies of the gene. And that results in primarily (but not always completely) white pups that have a high likelihood of blindness/deafness due to lack of melanin around the eyes and ears. Any respectable breeder would never breed two merles. 
Some scientists even speculate that dogs may see things in slow mo due to their high agility. So they Matrix life.
Farm dogs amaze me
That victory lick 
This is ridiculous... and amazing... 
Now someone edit this video with some tie fighters chasing the dog and exploding on impact!
P R E C I S I O N  B O Y E 
This is strangely r/oddlysatisfying. 
Our Aussie got caught on the other side of the fence the other day and did the same leap through. The funny part is, there was an opening to the fence like 2 feet from her, but she opted for the more dramatic entry. Such a diva.
This reminds me of the story about how my old dog Bexar was made, his dad and mom were never meant to breed, and we're separated by a 6 foot fence with a 3 foot underground cement wall.  They had no idea how, but that German Shepard was able to get in the Black Labs place, fuck her and then get back to his pen. I miss my Bexar...
Catherine Zeta Jones, she dips beneath the Lazer. Ooohhh oh ohh
Yeah I got skills, whatcha gonna do bout it
This dog is cooler than I will ever be. 
Have an Aussie. Can confirm the intelligence of these dogs. They are very busy, but I’ve never had a more loyal and lovable dog. 
Barkour
Smooth
Impressive
This dog could slide into my DMs real easy.
Smooth af
this is more "oooowwhhhhh!!!!" than "awww"
Beautiful technique but he didn’t keep the smile the whole time so... 12/10 
That is a smart and coordinated doggo.  Completes the maneuver with total calm on his face, licking his chops and studying the master even while completing the maneuver.  Impressive doggos those Australian shepherds
https://i.imgur.com/fzIUhZJ.gif
Anyone else watch the legs move independently? Dogs are so cool. 
Australian Shepards,  wicked smart....probably worked out the angle , twist , and rate of speed with pencil and paper beforehand.
[deleted]
Got to love Aussies!  Mine would have plowed head first into the gate, but she’s blind so....
Its the nonchalant licking of lips that is so cool.
Very good 🐾🍀
Prectice makes perfect.
We'll see if he gets into Notre Dame with those moves.
we don't deserve australian shepherds.
One small step for dog one gate leap for dog kind
Australian shepherds are  he bestest ever 
I have the feeling that this gif does not match this sub. To cool to be here.
https://imgur.com/gallery/pNovRJC
That lick at the end
I like how dogs know to naturally turn their bodies when doing that, but can't do the same when carrying a big stick through a door.
https://m.imgur.com/gallery/RdW1B
This dog is pulling some XXX shit right there.
http://i.imgur.com/JI95VOL.gif
Australian Shepherds are the coolest! Too bad mine just bites the tires on my car when I try pulling out of the driveway... 
I think Aussies are the most frequent dog breed on the front page. If you’ve ever owned on, then you know why!
I freaking love aussies. 
Dogo does an agile
that slowmotion though
Damn! he can slide into DMs smoother than I ever will
Barkour!
now THAT is a freakin' cool dog!!!
It looks like doggo gives a little smirk before jumping through as if they're saying "Watch this shit."
Get ready for the Olympics.....
Not "aww". More like : "woahh".
Oh my God that's Jason Bork!
Rudy Mustang...sounds like an East Germany porn star from the 80's :D

Otherwise, very nice. I wonder how dogs figure this out.
I just had the most powerful urge to applaud
Leap? More like dodge! 
"impressive...most impressive..." 
It's neat how sometimes dogs seem to have complete body awareness (knowing they will fit perfectly through the gate) and other times they seem completely oblivious (several hundred pound dogs sitting in laps)

Dude that was fucking sick
Barkour? 
He has the face of a dog that has nailed the bar a few times practicing that jump 
"Don't ever tell me the odds!
I suspect that this dog will have no problem carrying a stick through a door way.


That was glorious 
the Matrix, doggo style
Jason Borne style...
if he did a full spin through the bars.. that would have been the coolest ninja dog move ever... that was still cool too though
That dog looks high as fuck. 
I was thinking he was going over the top. That's damn impressive
Geez.


My dog tried to crawl through one and nearly yanked his cock off [the bone part of it caught on the lower part of the fence]. I had to go save him after he yelped and then got scared.
... come to think of it, my dog has injured his penis a lot.
Trained up dog. 
I'm waiting for someone to post a gif of their pug completely failing at being as majestic as this dog
This dog is obviously a fan of Jackie Chan.
This is the way John Cena moves to the ring dude.
I love his little shit eating grin on his way over 
Lazy bastard
That's impressive.  I threw a ball over the other side of our truck and our dog ran straight into the truck even though she started like 15 feet away from it.
“I’m not even mad he escaped, that’s amazing.” 
Perfect form, great execution.  I give it 10 out of 10 goodboys
Now where is the gif of the dog bouncing off the fence? 
So graceful
r/oddlysatisfying
Obviously, this is not his first rodeo.
I think your dog should sign up for dog olympics for hudles. that is one amazing form!
This dog definitely got into the special brownies. Look dem eyes
That lick at the end 
More like /r/awwmazing
My dog cant even go out the properly sized and positioned dog door without scraping the sides. Derpy ass hoe.
I'm imagining a bull running furiously at the dog so the dog had to make a quick and stylish escape
Old & Wiser
Is his name Neo?
How can this dog do this and all the other dogs can't figure out why they can't get through the door with their giant stick they found.
Neat, I see dogs go under the gate mostly. That's a talented dog.
Dogs are incredibly athletic sometimes
He looks so cheeky.
His lazy lick mid-jump is telling.
Anyone have this in full speed?
I'm pretty sure this is actually for r/awwyeah
Awwsome
...and here I can't do 10 pushups without requiring EMT
/r/mlem
So clean!
All great athletes run around with their tongue hanging out
Such grace, So precious!
I know kung fu. 
Lol this dog knows he's a badass
r/dogsareliquid
I thought he went derp and crashed the gate, but he didn’t. What a good boy! 
Me:

Wow this is going to be a HUGE jump

Oh no, this dog is going to get hurt or stuck!

Oh jeesh, that was cool as heck!
So confident :)
That did not go how I thought it would, and for that, I am grateful
The nose lick of triumph.
Impressive
I thought he'd woof on it
I’m not even mad, that’s impressive!!
Wow
Water form 
Wtf my goldie would smash his face if he did dat. He's to stupid*
But they can't go trough a door with a branch
Had to watch this a few times. Amazing! 

My dog runs into walls...
*when it the last day of school* 
On my way to steal yo girl
This isn’t his first rodeo. 
Dam that dog went straight bubba scrubbing that gate. 
I love the way his tongue comes out after like yeah boy my work here is done 
Holy shit /r/bettereveryloop
This is some Matrix Neo level shit.
Even snuck in a quick nose lick. 
Didnt look at which /r/ this is posted to at first and I was sure he was gonna go facefirst into one of the bars
That is a Jackie Chan level move right there.
Meanwhile my dog tries to jump on the couch from too far away and face plants into the side instead
When I was a kid, we had a fence separating the backyard from the pasture. I had a free range dog and when I would call him to come eat he would come running full speed and jump right through a hole in the fence.
That’s a fucking farm dog right there. 
Is this an Aussie?
[removed]
My dog can bearly walk
Woah it just flattened itself out and slipped through a seam in that fence!
Is your dog a pro wrestler?
If you’re going to be an asshole be an asshole. There’s nothing worse than a fake apology. 
I want to do all I can to protect these and all other creatures. So awesome and deserving of freedom. 
Relevant: https://youtu.be/2CFckjfP-1E
Ha, I like how the dog closes its eyes almost saying, "hope this works..."
I like the "Michael Jordan-esqe" tongue wag at the end!
I seriously hate slow motion.
 I'm impressed af
I’d like to officially request that all of these slow motion gifs be followed up by the regular speed gifs. 

Thank you. 
wow thats actually very impressive
That wink at the end. This dog's got skills
Don't get it twisted, but the dog knew how to read between the lines. 
*funny witty and/or relatable comment trying to gain delicious karma by leeching off front page*
Yeah this belongs in /r/awwesome 
I just bummed myself out when I realized poor pupper HAD to have failed that miserably several times as a younger pup before getting muscle memory just right.  
  
Haha poor thing probably bruised itself all over.
He on x-games mode
What breed is that?
Took a lot of fails to accomplish this I'm sure lol derp
He smiled like a kid jumping off the stoop with there parents watching
On one hand I'm disappointed it didn't jump over the top, and on the other hand I'm super fucking impressed it pulled that off.
Colour is wrong but it reminds me of Dog from *Footrot Flats*.

My Google-Fu sucks, couldn't find a pic.
Impressive to say the least 
You see, even the young ones are some of the most dangerous animals in the world so I built this cage to keep him secure and there's no possible way he could ever get OH MY GOD
The Gate Leap Forward
Work smarter, not harder.
That wasn't his first rodeo.
One of the only times I’ve seen slowmo be used right

Amazing
Thank you for filming. I would never believe this if i didn't see it recorded.
I like the little tongue flip right at the end 
/r/HitBoxPorn 
Bubba scrub
r/bettereveryloop
Graceful pup
He's way too low, he's way too low, he's way too lo--- Oh.
[Be formless, shapeless](https://i.imgur.com/wuxBBNI.gif)
I want that dog !
Australian Shepherds are so agile.  We had one when I was a kid who would climb ladders and hang out on the roof when we were repairing shingles, then we had another who would jump/climb a 6 foot tall chainlink fence.
After growing up on Footrot Flats finally seeing a dog jump like this makes me very happy. 
Brilliant! 
This is a dog who’s done this before!
Hardcore Pawkor
Holy shit this dog has bigger balls then I do. If I were dogs size, I would have thought "noooo, I'm going to hit my head, and that's going to hurt!" 

This dog's just like "Hold my water dish". 
That form though 11/10 
Holy shit, suicide dive.
r/gateleaping
Imagine the trial and error process for that kind of maneuver.
My dog would fuck that right up
That's my kind of dog!!! Minimal work, while still looking cool & skillful!
Every Australian Shepard we had on the farm did crazy stuff like this. Smart dogs.  
Mad skillz!
This is exactly why I wanted to agility train my dog. Nintendogs really set my expectation bar pretty high when I got my dog. 
And here my dog is unable to walk up stairs or jump on the couch. 
Licks lips. "That sweet sweet air"
That Aussie is getting it!!
It's the second time i see a dog doing this, is this a new thing among dogs? Some fence challenge or something like that? 
Well he's done that before
Remember: grace, agility, determination 
Love an Aussie!
Ez
Spider Dog Spider Dog does whatever a spider dog does
Smoove! 
fantastic
Work smart, not hard.
I was very nervous watching that jump. That doggo was doing me a heckin concern.
If a gif goes slomo on first play, then please add the normal speed version right behind it. It's cool to see the intricacies via slomo but I also want to see what this looks like in real life.
The tongue lick at the end was just the equivalent of the fonz flipping up leather jacket. 
That is a r/perfectfit if I’ve ever seen one.
No fence can hold The Rebel without a Leash.
https://www.reddit.com/user/Renochss/comments/7kxkbw/mad_world_the_beginning_by_rob_enoch/ 
Just looking for feedback and trying to get my name up
Aussies are wicked smart dogs. 
My Aussie does this! First time she did it, I almost had a heart attack!
Would have been cooler if he went at full speed the whole time.
That dog is a fucking legend
That looks so much like my Aussie that it's a little unnerving.
Neo!?
A perfect example of work smarter, not harder. 

Good Boye.
My dumb ass dog would have ended going to the vet trying something like that.
That lick of the nose at the end solidifies it for me. This needs to be one of those Thug Life videos.
I want to see video of the first 100 failed attempts at this maneuver!!
This dog is cooler than I will ever be in my life. 
[Perimiter breached](https://youtu.be/U9FzgsF2T-s?t=1m22s)
Love aussies
And a lick mid jump! Awesome 
So elegant and smooth
Is this Johnny Knoxville’s dog? The font looks like what they used on Jackass.
Parkour! 
That's impressive
*Chariots of Fire music plays*
r/unexpected
Misread the name as Roy Mustang and thought he was going to just start setting shit on fire
Incredible. I love dogs!
Imagine if track hurdles were like this 
His name should be Neo. 
My dog can't even catch a goddamned milkbone. 
Is Rudy Mustang the dog's name? If so, that's fuckin rad.
What???
I like how he’s smiling right before the jump, must be one of his fav things to do
Do a barrel roll!
The Matrix.
Touchdown. I dgaf what the officials say. 
Skills!!
aussies will run around all day they love it
Did Michael bay direct this?
And yet these dipshits can't get a stick through a door.
wheres his tail?
This made me tear up...its...so...fucking...majestic.
Parkour!
That’s the good shit
I think that's called a "scrub" in motocross.
Who the hell is Rudy Mustang?
Parkour parkour!
r/barkour
looks like dick fosbury out there. put him in true high jump
Really was hoping he was gonna go for the full barrel roll  
/r/oddlysatisfying 
The Fosbury Squeeze
That nose lick at the end. That was nothing for him.
clever enough to jump sideways yet if given a long stick to carry, would likely get stuck in a narrow doorway
Lickin his lips right at the end. This guy has done this before
This belongs in /r/gateleaping 
Woof! 
10
That nose lick like it was no big deal though haha
Cinematically beautiful
He just invented a new dog sport. Barkour!!!!
/r/holdmymilkbone
More like awww yeah!
Nailed it.

what focus! that pup could be the next airbud.
Save
Grate leap.
What a good boye
That's pretty brave of him, I don't jump head first into metal things anymore since I hit my head on a clothes rack at target and started crying.
This dog is the opposite of [this](https://media.giphy.com/media/14pKVNqXY40EVi/giphy.gif) dog.
that twist
I thought the dog was going to do a corkscrew. Still fully impressed though.
Nice move,hope to have a dog like this some day 
i thought the dog was gonna do a full barrel roll
That’s usually how I react when someone opens up a bag of Oreos. I turn from fat guy to fat ninja real quick! 
Work smarter, not harder.
smart one
He believed
Matrix boi!
I have a red Merle and I showed it to her like why can’t you do this. 
r/expectationvsreality
r/hitboxporn

Although the subreddit is for video games I feel like this could make an exception for this IRL instance.
What a badass. 
Parkour pupper
This is like olympic games, for dogs!
when's his action movie coming out?
It's like watching Doggy Matrix! 
The first video that illicted a non voluntary awww
https://gifsound.com/?gifv=HFulQKE&v=uN3yqMr3ffY&s=334
Lip smack at the end for good measure
It's like the Doggo Terminator!...... "I'll bark back"! 
Wow 
At least his peepee didn’t get in the way of the gold 
Hippie flips are awesome
Matrix doggo
Majestic. 
PARKOURBOYE
We built a brand new ‘puppy fence’ around our house on our farm so our dachshunds could go outside when people get home and not feel like they were gonna get run over our get out of our other fence. Then we got aussies like the one above and they now do this exact thing and leave the puppy fence as well as the larger fence every day. 
Majestic Doggo. 
nonononoYES
What a good boy 
/r/barkour
That’s a good boy!!!
This is Rudy Mustang. Welcome to Jackass.
Olympic gold medal 🏅
I did this once as a child and it was amazing.
tried again a few years later and it was defiantly not amazing.
If any dog can figure out how to get a overly long stick through a door way, it's this one...
r/barkour
Too cool for school
Cat leap.
I like how he finishes with a lick
Just beautiful!!!
https://i.imgur.com/wbvaSJd.gif
the best part of that is that the dog didn't have to do it at all- he did it for the pure joy of a particularly particular jump
Rudy, Rudy, Rudy, Rudy, Rudy!!!!! ✊👏👏
THAT IS SO SICK
Beautiful Australian Shepherd! 😍 
As a mailman, this is one of my nightmares. Lol
I 100% believe my aussies could do this. One of them is fearless and very scrawny so she'd do it without a second of instruction. The other is much more agile but a baby. She could do it after a bit of training!
Doesn’t even hesitate or doubt himself. Not even once. 
skkrrrrrtttt
Agile af
he licks his lips like a boss afterwards
 Love how he licks his face, mid-leap like “fuck yeah”
If the poop gets stuck halfway, do a wiggle and laugh as you drizzle!
Damnnnnn wtg pup
Neo dog

That's like some olympic level shit right there.
Dude! Nice! Cattle herders are such great dogs!
Parkour
omg how did he do that

It has a whole mission impossible  vibe to the stunt the dog  just did.!give him an extra hug plz
That is a smart dog
Just a good ol' boy,

Never meanin' no harm...
 I want that dog! 
*You move like they do.*
Doggie Parkour
r/barkour 
The new matrix looks lit
I love the grin as he jumps. Then the lip smackers when he's done. 
IN!
How is a dog more coordinated then me
A T H L E T I C B O Y E
Even Rudy knew that jump tasted good. Lickin dem chops. 
Highest form of animal cruelty. 
Ninja doge shows off his moves
Gaters gonna gate. 
Just a cool motherfucker.
And here comes Rudy mustangio with the 619!!
r/oddlysatisfying
Parkour Puppy!
DO A BARREL ROLL!
TOPE SUICIDA!
Somebody edit this with matrix effects
/r/UnnecessarySloMo
Amazing ! 
R/wigglebutts
Aussie shepards are very good
Wrong subreddit.  Please repost to /bamf.
I want this breed so bad. But I also don't want to constantly be shown up doing basic things everyday.

LIKE WHO IS OWNER EVERYONE WILL ASK
Looks like me when I try to go under the garage door after pressing the button without tripping the sensors. 
None of the tie fighters behind him pulled up in time.
My dog would try this. I would mourn my dog. He's my favorite oaf.
Dog knows one simple trick that gets keepers hate
how amazing！
xXx: State of the K9
Barkour!
That's one happy cowdog!
This dog keeps it real.
Dog is smoove...
r/zoomies
Ninja doggo... Please teach me your ways.
Super slick move bud
S M O O TH  B O Y E
He’s an athletic boi
Doggo knows what he's doing..this aint his first rodeo.
I never get tired of seeing these gifs of dogs diving through gates.
Damn, that's good. 
Cleaver girl...
Ninja Dog! 
That's a smart little bear!
If I could be half as athletic as this dog is I'd be happy
/r/barkour 
With the tongue out a la MJ. 
My labrador wouldn't even attempt this
Did anyone else expect a cringy fail?
That ended way better than I thought it would
My dog invented the Fosbury Flop to climb up on the sofa.
The blep makes it.
I can do that too! Brb.
He’s done that before lol 
He is The One. 
Pupper knows he's got it
That's some  ninja shit. 
Looks like a luck Dragon! 
Wow, that's a Spider-Man move
N I C E BOI
Sliding in the DM’s like this pup. 
The way he licks his lips in happiness is the best!
Dab
Not his first time I see 
Majestic!
That’s a handsome boi 
God damn that was dope as hell. Wrong sub this is some hardcore animal athletics shit
Jackie Chan doggo does a contort. 
Dude that’s clearly a Neo dog 
How he do that?
Goddamn. That dog is fucking gorgeous.
That’s a good dog.
Ballsy!
r/unexpected
My blue heeler did this through a razor wire fence. He never encountered one before.
Australian Shepherds are the best.
sheep dogs are awesome :)
o_0 mad skillz. Join the doggie olympics if you can!
Love the lick of the nose while landing

Such grace
pretty neat
Good for this boyeeee
r/barkour
Something tells me it’s not his first time 
Mutts are the smartest dogs. Easily.
That dog's smoother than I am
Good doggy!
More like r/awwwshit 
His face just screams “hehehehe won’t catch me”
I never have been that smooth.  I love the self-satisfied chops-lick at the end.
Barkour
woahhh impressive!
Hi, I'm Rudy Mustang and this is the gate leap
That is some [Jackie Chan shit](https://imgur.com/gallery/hx6c1cL)!
Jesus Christ, it's Doggo Bourne
He looks so smug before the jump hahah 
That's how they do it!? Sideways!? 

I have wondered this for so long
Barkour
I love how he licks his nose at the end like it was nothing 

If that were me I’d bite my tongue right off and die 
This is my favorite part of the new Star Wars 
And here I am tripping over the invisible crack in the sidewalk that “I swear” was there. 
J U M P B O Y E
Perfect form! I give it a perfect 10! 
That is a very impressive move!
Omg. I’m so glad he fit!
Good girl
that motherfucker....
Proud wigglebutt mama here. Such damn clever dogs. 
Do a barrel roll!
If shit really hits the fan you want an Aussie by your side. 


Now that was graceful
He's got little legs what's he supposed to do? Jump over it like a normal dog?
Aussie shepherds are the coolest
So casual that he's licking his nose before he's got four feet back on the ground.
Anyone else expect that spin from Spiderman?
m a t r i x b o y e
N I N J A B O Y E
I wonder how many tries it took before getting it down so perfectly. 
Majestic asf
With a fricken mid-air mlem, no less.
That boy’s got too much work to do to be stopped by a damn gate
I heard music from *The Matrix* while I watched that. 
The cool tongue thing..... Loved it.
Ok, wow. The doggo left me impressed as heck!!!
Pro level infinite.

https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/7jfjrp/he_was_in_the_backyard_last_time_i_checked/
That’s some Jackie Chan shit! Awesome!
r/gateleaping 
Once around pleeese...
That swag at the end with tongue....
This is the Neo of dogs 
Smooth. Reminds me of Pronghorn antelope jump through barbed wire fences instead of over like a deer 
How did it jump through so slowly without falling?
Thought he was going to go over then thought he was going to crash then I was amazed.
It’s like the fucking matrix man
That is the [Jackie Chan](http://www.lasertimepodcast.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/FirstStrike.gif) of dogs!
Can someone add kickass explosions behind Action Doggo, please?
Dogs have crazy self-awareness.
Think he’s done that a couple times before. 😉
Do a barrel roll!

Idc if it’s already on here
Skilled pup
Parkour BOYE
Wow that’s awwwsome.
Dogs are just so cavalier and bamf sometimes
🐸 : Do a barrel role
jelly doggo 
Majestic
Col. Rudy Mustang. The Woof Alchemist.
barkour
I know I am really late to this party, but y'all need to get out more! 
100% didn’t think he was going to make it at first. 
What an interesting fur color. 
Dog Matrix needs to exist
 Seen a crackhead do that same move running from the cops 
Skilllllllllllzzz... madddd skillllzzz
R/natureisfuckinglit
That was smooth
The dog took the red pill. 
/u/xxprettyinblkxx
r/woaaaw
*Licks his lips* "Ya you know I'm smooth at girl".
Rudys dog made the front page? You've made it big time Rudy!
I've played many video games and know for a fact this is impossible.
Slick boi
This should be in r/waw not r/aww

Edit: lol, I meant waw as a cute way to say wow, it turned out to be something else altogether. 
u/bigbuttwhatwhat
Shit imagine the dog doing 360 while at it... Dat'd be the most epic thing I've ever watched.

But it's already so much cool this way!
GIVE THIS MAN AN AWARD
Do a Barrel Ro—

“No Need”
B E N D B O Y E
"do a barrel roll!"
Oh no. I better get vertical fences, if he can leap through horizontal fences. 
I truly thought the puppy was going to go right over.... in any case, damn that was really cooler!
I can't stop watching. 
NO FUCKING WAY
r/barkour 
Aerodynamic boye 
The technique, so graceful!
Not that this isn't already great, but the slow Mo makes it so much more badass
The natural abilities of animals is amazing to me. I know that if I ever tried something like this I would find myself waking up on the ground with a splitting headache while my friend was saying something like “Dude, the video of you  already has 25 views on YouTube!”
The fucking precision!!!!
Rare pupper someone hug her
Clever, beautiful pupper😄
dat Friday feeling
/u/churchirl
Exactly what I expected. 
I never knew this was a thing dogs did. But I’ve seen multiple examples on reddit and have started to wonder if this was something dogs picked up after the invention of fences or if wolves would do this (between two fallen trees for example) while chasing prey in the wild long ago. 
like a boss!
When she calls you a good boy.
Sweet skills
Well done Fido well done 
Mother of Good boys... 
I have the Hoverzoom Chrome app and the gif popped up when I moused over...as the dog was in slow mo I was like oh god what sub is this (thinking it could be /r/wasted or /r/nononono)
https://gifsound.com/?gifv=HFulQKE&v=uN3yqMr3ffY&s=334
Why does he look so smug the whole time
On his way to fuck your girl
Now someone edit this video with some tie fighters chasing the dog and exploding on impact!


That was smooth
What a badass. 
The dog is liquid. Period
He's the one
Smart dog.
What a sly doggo
That nose lick! 😍
Good boye doin a heckin' good matrix
I think this belongs in /r/barkour
r/barkour
The sweetest lil doggo. 
That’s a damn good doggo!!!!...😁
M A T R I X B O Y E 
i caught myself commenting in a low voice "hur hoho he's such a good dog"

S W O O S H !
[deleted]
Those TIE fighters aren’t going to be able to keep up. 
Can we do psbattles with animated gifs?
what the f-
Licking its mouth, already expecting that tasty treat!
U/annoyingtripod6
M A T I X B O Y E
A C T I O N P U P
Skillz bitch. DO you has them?
Good pupper 
A T H L E T I C  B O I
Dems bill payin' skillz
The mlem at the end is the icing on the cake 
AY THAT WAS CLEAN AS FUCK
ATHLETIC BOYE
!Poocha libré!
Corkscrew puppo
r/Barkour
Not that doggo's first rodeo
Holy cow!!! 
Dat nose lick doe
Doggu Reeves
Matrix boi
M A T R I X B O Y E 
I love the level of greatness you can bring out in an animal by teaching them through training. 
A G I L E  B O Y E
Dukes of Hazard Pupper!
He Jumps!
He Lands!
Perfect Execution! Now we have to wait for the judges.

A PERFECT FROM ALL 3 JUDGES!
AND GOOOOOD BBBOOYYEEE WINS GOLD!!!!!!
Jesus Christ it's Jason Bourne!
r/barkour
parkour doggo. 
Anyone else thought he 2qs gonna do a barrel roll? 
Barkour.
Is Hans solo piloting this dog?
I feels bamboozled!
A perfect example of work smarter, not harder. 

Good Boye.
Pawkour.
r/barklevour
Gyro-controlled puppers!
The love in this dogs face 😊
finessed that l e a p 
Good boi!!!
Ya if your doggo knee or hip or head clangs on that metal it would hurt real bad 
M A T R I X   B O I
Not this dog's first rodeo, clearly
Slidin' in them dms like
That lick at the end is boss.
S L I P P E R Y  B O Y E
My people need meeeeeeeeee...........
Good boy
Yeah doggo has done this before. Lol I had to make sure I wasn’t in r/funny expected him to hit the gate I was like noooooooo
It's confirmed dogs are cats too
Parkargo
thats graceful doggo
C O O R D I N A T E D B O I
sneakboi does an escape 
Already knew the dog would be badass with a name like Rudy Mustang.
I wish it died.
Heckin good jump
I had a dog with hip dysplasia. This was nerve wracking to watch
[removed]
Dogs learning liquid form from cats. We fucked. 
YEET
[deleted]
