Now he can get into an aerial dogfight.
Is there no end to drone use in law enforcement?
"K-9 JESTER"

Username checks out? 
♪ Good boys / Good boys ♪
♪ Whatcha gonna do? ♪
♪ Whatcha gonna do / when they come fur you ♪
♪ Good boys / Good boys ♪
Auto door opener? 
He protec and he serve.
It's the new K9copter!  No running from him.  
the remote control door dog reminds me of that police dog that took on 3 guys that were trying to jump his handler/the officer. I stay the fuck away from k-9 marked cars now lol

edit: a link http://people.com/crime/police-dog-saves-deputy-during-frightening-ambush-on-remote-mississippi-highway/
[removed]
Funny police dog story.

Got pulled over in Nebraska like the moment I crossed the border. I was driving from Michigan to Colorado for a funeral.  A cop pulls me over in an SUV for "following the driver in front of me too close".  
I get completely ransacked with questions, even as far as calling a funeral home in Colorado to see if my cousin had really passed away. I had nothing illegal on me and was doing nothing illegal.  

Right when we were heading to his car (he wanted me in the car with him while he ran ALL of my information), I went to enter the car. In Michigan you get in the backseat. In fact, if I had reached for the front seat in Michigan a gun would probably be pulled on me.  A dog jumps out and grabs my arm and I drop to the ground. "Maam, Maam! WHAT ARE YOU DOING? IF MY DOG HAD GOTTEN HIT YOU WOULD BE CHARGED WITH blah blah blah blah..." 

Then he wonders why I'm shaken up while he's questioning me. 

I should have gotten the cops name.  Wish I had gotten his name and filed a complaint.  Wish it had been this dog in the back of the car, then again - wish the car had "Police Dog" marked on it too.
Me: Stay away from that dog Timmy, if it gets the chance it will rip you to pieces. 

Door swings open

Me: Haha, omg look at that hat... yeh sure you can pat it.

Dog begins foaming at mouth
i have yet to see an actual child to wear one of those hats 
Guys, I'm a professional. 
Haha! This is great
Is this one of those surveillance doggodrones?
http://i.imgur.com/N72zhsD.gifv
My family also has a Belgian Malinois who wears silly hats https://i.imgur.com/NaxrcVG.jpg
POLICE KEEP DOG AWAY
I always thought it was kind of funny that cops call them "k-9" rather than just...I don't know, "canine" or "dog". 

Like, they're implying this isn't just a dog, this is a *tactical* dog or robo dog or turbo dog or something
Police cuteality
Police dogs are awesome. We had some K-9 officers stay at the hotel I used to work at while they were in town for training.

Told us this story:

Police were called for a break in at a cabin not too far out of town. When police arrived they found evidence of the break in but no robbers so they got the dogs out just to see if they could get a trail. Well they did and led the officers on a long ass hike up the side of a hill, across a ridge, after about 20minutes of hiking they start to think the dogs are tracking something else. They are just about to turn around when of the dogs lunges into a bush the officer is standing next to. Turns out one of the robbers was hiding unseen in that bush and the dog just tried to bite his head. Dude's head is gushing blood and hes screaming to get the dog away from him. He gets cuffed and doggo got his treat (their treat is getting to bite something, thats what their training is, they love biting) They know there is at least one other robber out here so they just yell "Come out now or I'm letting the dog off leash." Robbers hands appear out of the top of a bush just 5-10ft away as he slowly steps out and gives himself up. He had pissed himself when the dog bit the other guy and screamed. He had no intention of letting that dog near him.
How did that dog open the door wtf??
Fur missile!  
Belgian Malinois are the cutest! Is miss my old girl.
Could you imagine getting chomped on by a K9 cop wearing a propeller beanie? 

Worst day ever. 
Gotta love the blue-lives-matter flag in there
I have a feeling I’ve seen something like this before.
My job is cop

Doggo am I

I sniff the drug

And bite the guy

Mostly hooman

Say, "Come, Jester!" 

But for today

"Helicopter"

"How do you do, fellow kids?"
There's a way to play with these dogs. You could volunteer to be a lost person. My county's police station take volunteers to a field and train the dogs by  finding the person. Inititally, the dogs smell the person's clothes.
Acab 
Was having a pretty tough day, and this made me laugh. Thanks op.
he protec

he attac

and most of all

he ride in back
Such undercover much hidden
"I surrender.  No I don't care that I'm not under arrest - slap on the cuffs and let me hang out in the back seat."
As someone who has seen what a police dog with a formerly "adorable" reputation has done to human beings, I'm a bit wary of this being in /r/aww.
I was curious if being in what looks like a metal box is safe for the police dog, [turns out, it's much safer with a "canine insert" cage than without.](http://policek9.com/Fleck/K-9%20Vehicles.pdf) Kind of an interesting 4 page read regarding K-9 unit vehicles.
Yes, Roger is our...er...special dog. We assign him the upmost important jobs such as letting officers boop him and licking them when they are sad.
#D R O N E D O G G O
Dog version of a stripper cop?
He protec
He serv
But most importantly,
He nerd.
That’ll do bobby, that’ll do
Look out! [He's crazy](http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/RabidCop)! He might do *anything!*
Damn El Cajon popo is a Reddit favorite!
Hey mister, remain calm ok?
Special Branch.
"WTF, GREG! DIDNT ANYONE EVER TEACH YOU TO KNOCK?!"
Uhhhhhh I can explain..
I was supervising the guns for toys program!
Here comes special forces
He was undercover, until OP just outed him.
I'd love to do a ride along with this cop.
Somebody get this good boy an ice cream cone!
/r/DogsWithJobs
Time to go undercover 
yaaaaaay!!!!!
I’m so happy for him

hahahahs nice
That's funny until he eats your arm after you had a tail light out.

first day working at Google
instructions unclear:

POLICE AWAY

KEEP DOG
66k upvotes not even 1k comments hmmm...
[removed]
Good work, Chopper.
Police dogs have come a long way from [McGruff the Crime Dog](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzyTarwYaM0)
[removed]
_always ready_

_always alert_
Is this the same dog that wore the sunglasses? If so please keep them coming OP.
Everything I know about police dogs when that door springs open like that they are trained to attack when the button that opens that door is pressed. 

Source: Friend is a K9 Office with CHP
Hey man he’s just living up to his callsign
*Bad Boys blaring in the distance*
K9 Jester! Love his Instagram account. Hope he gets lots of belly rubs and new tennis balls for Christmas. 
"I think it makes me look cunning." 
Did the door open remotely? Or by the dog?
Officer Doofy reporting for duty!
I'm thinking of moving to El Cajon.  It's good to know that the streets will be safe, given the upstanding and conscientious protection of their K9 unit. In a strong wind, that beany could cut a criminal.
r/dogswithjobs
Same dept. (El Cajon) as the flash dog. Same dog?
What's with all the police dogs on the front page lately? Is this some kind of psychological counterweight for the increase in police militarization lately?
Doggocopter.
Ah yes. The new k9-PUPPELLER
D A N G E R B O Y E 
P R O P E L L E R B O Y E 
[removed]
The idea of humans using animals to inflict control on other humans is incredibly disturbing to me.
Thought this was going to be a game of keep away with police dogs.
I watched it like 5 times till I figured it out 
Is no one going to ask how that door is opening itself?
WHERES THE HOOD WHERES THE HOOD WHERES THE HOOD AT
Police keep dog away
idk why but I just imagined this to the [tune of the original spiderman theme](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptXzUlDXOi4) and it made it 10x better


Seems legit...
The things that go on behind closed doors!
Car door closed, I see car. Car door open, I see van.
/r/unexpected 
Deploying barking flaps!
I like that cap it so nice
I don't think I could keep away from such a beautiful creature
Stick your hand in and try to pet him...then tell me how cute he is.
Reminded me of this: https://goo.gl/images/qjCvuZ
ShackyHD
Hey Rudy, got another report about those ska kids selling drugs. See if you can go undercover and sniff 'em out. 
Lol alright you got me! 
His expression and the hat just tops it off
All police officers have fantasies about getting killed on the job 
He needs a hat with one of those single red police lights on it.
I'm glad my tax money is going toward self opening doors.
No Jester hat?
Police dogcopter equipped with thermal imaging, infrared, and sonic bork.
Byyyeeeee!!
But who the fuck opened the door
POLICE, KEEP DOG AWAY
Why do they want the Police Dog to Keep Away? What did he do?
You don’t want to go to pris-
Is this from a wayans brothers movie?
Casual Fridays!
The way he just looks around reminds me of the [raptor at the end of Jurassic Park](https://youtu.be/gTWo9oLJOWk?t=1m40s)
HOW DID THE DOOR OPEN BY ITSELF?

*Do I gotta?...Sqeeeeel*
K9 jester!!! Lol!
r/me_irl
He will still bite your ass with that funny hat on.
"Police reveal new narc officer to be placed in highschool"
Still looks menacing...
The things this dog has seen. 
Didn't know police cars had no handle 
For some reason I think Buster would be a great name for him.
"GUYS...CHECK OUT MY NEW HAT!"
Awh yes you are the good boy
coool
It’s just his day off!
*when you unlock a skin for your pet
Very,  noice
It does sound right playing keep away from a police dog.
Ssssssshhhh!  He's undercover!
That killer just killed me with cuteness!
SPECIAL DOG KEEP AWAY
I’d still stay away 
Spring break?
scary
Where do beanies come from? Were they every actually in fashion or serve some archaic purpose? Or are they just pure tools of the comedic arts?
This is amazing. Little cutie with his hat. Thought a beast was gonna jump out......
Special forces
Police dog OR Google intern?
YES!
POLICE KEEP DOG AWAY
Awww. -puts guns down- 
Good Boi has been a bad boi
The way he looks around like a boss
"I'm ready for an adventure!"
It's to piss him off so he's ready to fuck someone up when they need him.
Are we just gonna ignore that a ghost opened the door?
Officer Dappercap.
Am I the only one confused as to how the door opened? 
/u/greenlanternx3
Fly as fuck! 
My mind would saboutage me and read "~~Police~~ Dog,~~keep away~~ Pet"
How did that door open??
Sargent Jackass
Do they need the flag on the *inside* of the car? 
So, is this a clip from the newest Police Academy movie?
Are all police vehicles painted with a pearl undercoat?
Stop resisting the urge to be adorable!
Isnt that entrapment? 
Ever the consumate professional, Royce made sure to show up for his first day of flight academy fully prepared.
He's so cute - the door opens and he looks out like, "WE GOIN? I GONNA BITE SOMEONE??"
While it was loading I was trying to guess where this was headed... This exceeded all my expectations!
I have a half malinois half corgi! 
"How do you do, fellow pups?"
hey there i'm dangerous rawr
So police have magic doors now?
Does the fact that that door has an automatic opening mechanism scare the shit out of anyone else?
This is serious business!
/r/Unexpected 
Hahah!
Introducing... the Doggie Drone! 
That is hilarious. ....unless you're a dumb enough criminal to get physical with a K9 cop. That button they hit wasn't their door open chief. Yup...that's now a dog hanging off your arm...with his teefs!
His name is Jester because *he never smiles*!
Casual friday done right.
Looks like he'd be a party animal! 
The hat is the least I am interested in here! Do those dogs have doors made for them that they are taught to open? 
The multicolor hat looks great.
Good boyes in blue
Oml!! So cute
Beware of dog. He's kinda weird.
Honestly, the hat makes him look scary af
I’ve been bamboozled 
He knows when your been naughty so you better pray that he don't catch you tonight.
Police keep dog away
rawr
That’s one scary looking police doggo
THE DOOR OPENS ON ITS OWN?!
Best. Hat. Ever.
Hello my fellow puppies
TEeNagED CRiMinAL PlaYs CuTe WhEN pArENts CoME tO BAiL HiM OUt OF JaIL
Oh I used to have one of those hats!
As someone who grew up in El Cajon/San Diego, this just brought back a ton of feels. 
Someone get this doggo a treat immediately before I explode into a cheeseburger 
The cajon zone again!
I'm terrified
How is it that you're on the front page of Reddit like 6 times a week?
So is there a button that opens the door for the k9?
It's all fun & "awws" until leadership sees this 
Officer goofy on duty
That’s my local PD, so maybe I’ll report some drugs in my neighborhood and I can meet him.
Is that the Pet Detective?
Feckin attack ready 
Is that an automatic door on that cruiser ? Wow
This will be a meme!
Officer Duty reporting for doofy!
K-9’s name checks out. 
TWIRLY BOYE
But he’s in the back of the car... so is he a bad boi?
9/10 still would keep away
POLICE KEEP DOG AWAY
Yo is that tyler the creator
WOOP WOOP, it's the sound of the police.
Narc
Hopes he get a promotion soon 
Can't share! Heart broke, ROTFLMO
POLICE KEEP DOG AWAY
I can feel his tail wagging 
Counterproductive Warning for people who can't resist loving on dogs lol
S P E C I A L B O Y E
For whatever reason I was expecting to see police dogs playing keep - away with another police dog
This dog would 100% have Tyler, The Creator's voice
Is there anywhere you guys won't stick a flag?
r/dogswithjobs
You have the right to remain adorable.
Those police cars look hooked up with tech and all kinds of gear!
He better get promoted, He's dressed in uniform and everything!
Haha it has a child’s novelty hat on and it somehow looks more terrifying. 
Why would they have that flag painted on the inside of the door?
In Capitalist America, you chase police dog. So cute.
The way the propeller starts spinning when the dog peeks out really sells the whole gif.
Lmao hes like yo waddup
He’s undercover
The hat gets me everytime.

I can watch this gif for hours.
This is why I never trust the “K9 KEEP AWAY” sign on the car. That dog just wants to party and I’m supposed to leave him in the car????
K9 Chopper Unit
Careful he looks “ruff”
That’s the same dog from the other post, the flash dog. You can tell because of the El Cajon police car. Barky Allen...
Cops are allowed to have stickers of nine line apparel? For people that hate people “disrespecting” the flag why are they okay with changing the colors and appropriating it for profit?
Try to keep me away from that dog, it’s not gonna happen!!! He deserves ALL the pets!
How the fuck did the door open by itself? Hasn't anyone else asked this yet?
They see me rollin , they hatin. 
if your looking for fun sort by controversial. 
wait that dog is riding in the back.....he is a criminal dog!
"Heh. It's a funny hat"
knew this would be jester just by the title
/r/unexpected
It’s casual Friday at the station
This dog just did the near impossible, scored a job at google!

welcome, noogler doogler!
"Ok how about this hat?"
How did the car door open like that? 
He’s the “nonsense doggo” that replaced the “no nonsense” doggo
Is this the same dog as the one on r/cyberpunk the other day?
Seems legit
Someone unlocked the dlc outfit
To protect and swerve 
I like the fact that the door says K-9 'Jester'
Somebody explain to me how that door opened. Is there a latch the dog is trained to use? That would be so cool. 
So is he the CAPtain?
Officer Doofy!
HE’S A NARC!  Don’t fall for it!
Awww
r/bettereveryloop
Oooooh. Physical pain has been enducrd from the doggeroni
I knew a guy who was a cop, and his police dog was the cutest thing.

It was really sad when it died :( 
Spicy boi
ROFLDOGCOPTER
Beware: Propeller is sharp.
🎶🎶🎶Highway to the Danger Bone 🍖🎶🎶🎶
Named Jester. Name fits 
I think the world is messed up because no one ever addresses the very serious issue that other dog breeds are discriminated against for being unfit to become a police dog. 
Uh oh!
Officer Doofy is on the loosey!
Undercover doggo. 



Dog: “Hey! I’m off duty!”.
K9 Jester! Love his Instagram account. Hope he gets lots of belly rubs and new tennis balls for Christmas.

What are hear hats called?  I want to buy one 
Bad hand banana
Maybe they won't shoot this one
PRIMED AND READY TO BORK
Cool seeing the remote triggered door opening. 
"I know I look cute but am police dog, please do a step away"
I feel like this is what the fresh prince would look like coming out of a cop car
Still terrified 
That dogs jaw looks scary af
Ahahahahaha cackle. How unexpectedly perfect 
Great PR work! That ought to keep people's mind off police shootings for a while. It's like hitting the reset button on people's tolerance for injustice.
actually lol'ed at this. 
[removed]
Fuck police.dogs 
Adoraaable!!
He's under cover
21 days of Jester. :D
<3 jester
I'm glad Jester is finally getting the attention he deserves!
Technology has gone too far!
He is ansome 
Keep Away is strange name for a dog.
ECPD!!
Its Dogcopter!
[deleted]
I was expecting a puppy... but this is better
They seriously named him jester. lol
CRIMINALS BEWARE
Who's a good boy??
So cool

[deleted]
Please tell me the dogs name is Scooter 
Must be from forensics. 
I have never had any interest in joining law enforcement but I would just to be a K9 officer. Do new recruits get assigned to K9 often or is it only for senior officers?
Is the dog opening the door on his own?
C O P T E R B O Y E
Shhhh, police doggo is doing under cover work! Keep quiet! Don't ruin his disguise!
He's gonna ruff you up
When watching this gif I heard the song Rockstar by Post Malone. Just when the door opened the chorus came on. 

*I been fuckin’ hoes and poppin’ pillies like a rockstar*

It was perfect.
The door just opened by itself!!!! Did anyone else see that?
That is one intimidating Aww-ficer
"Officer Derp here, reporting for Bork!"
If anything it's more terrifying. 
this is me u/ephemara
/u/gym_rat03
What kind of dog is this? Pure bred German Shepherd?
TIL police dogs have special door handles.
/u/RachelRae220
Will solve crimes and does kids birthday parties
If I was a criminal, I'd be more intimidated by this than a regular police dog
Idk if you guys have had the privilege to hang out with a k9 officer. The shepherds are really weird. My mom works for the local pd so we have a friend who has one. Goes home with him every night and the coolest dog you have ever met. It’s a pet for sure. However once you take his home collar off and put his work collar on the dog is 100% a different dog. They don’t use German’s as much as they used to and now tend to use Belgium malinios. Those things are straight psychos. I haven’t seen one trained for police work in a home setting, but have met many of them. I doubt they can turn it off. They switched because Germans weren’t as aggressive, a malinios will straight kill itself if that’s what it takes to get the job done. 
That's a pup with personality.
Also what a way to troll someone who is stoned.
This is Super Trooper K9 Division
hi there buddy
#DOG-COP-TER
If you haven’t already, post to /r/dogswithjobs
[removed]
It's all fun and games until his handler says GO!  Then, if you're the target, you're fucked!
««« all this pro police propaganda  ^^^^
I wish rule 10 was not a thing. Like, if it's on the internet, isn't it a social media post by default?
"Police keep dog away"
A blue lives matter sticker inside a police car?  That's not the least bit condescending 
[removed]
[removed]
Just one of the many cute/funny cop posts to be made over the last week or so. Could it be a part of a damage control campaign to save face after the news about the Daniel Shaver shooting? 

Call me paranoid (I'm mainly just a skeptic/cynic) but the the power of misdirection and social media manipulation is great, and people are so easily manipulated. You would have to be incredibly niave to believe otherwise.      
[removed]
[removed]
Keep him away he may be too good of a boy!
I'm so cute, I'll still rip your leg off.
[deleted]
Still bites minorities
[removed]
A dog trained to fuck people up on command (with or without actual reason) is not cute, even with a hat on.  But remember, not all cops are bad!  Some are retired or dead!
I'm proud to know my tax dollars are making a doggo happy.
False pet craving advertisement. Police doggo do not want pet. Service puppers never want my pet. 
I'd be even more scared.
Tax dollars well spent though
[deleted]
Me human hug doggo
Where's Cecil the seasick sea serpent?
That sounds like a horrible game to play?
I am new to reddit, wtf is going on xd
I'll probably get buried but does anybody know how they prevent the dog from being thrown all over the back of any k-9 vehicles? It never crossed my mind until now, they hit the cherries, hard left turn, dog slams into the wall. I feel like they should make a seatbelt? Maybe? That's what I would do
That dog looks tasty. I get why Chinese people eat dogs. 
I want to be a police officer more then anything I have so much respect for you guys is that even possible given my history and mental health issues?

It would be s dream come true.

Or an emt 
Or a fire fighter
Or s nur....  o wait I am a nurse.
I want to be a cop lol is that possible?
Cool blue lives armored fucking car

Also yes that dog is extremely doofy and cute
One day that pig dogs teeth will rip flesh from men.
hahhaha lol
