[deleted]
It's amazing how much hidden energy comes out of older dogs when they meet puppies.
I just love watching older dogs with puppies. 

When we got a puppy our senior dog was beside himself. He followed the puppy everywhere. He was half blind and he could barely keep track of the puppy but I'd never seen him so happy. He had always been a friendly, enthusiastic dog but the puppy gave him a second wind and maybe added a year or so to his life. 

That was nearly 12 years ago and now our puppy is an old dog. Their lives are just too fast. 
I think the wrong gif loaded for me. I can only see 2 puppies


Edit; thanks /u/triconda for the gold :)) you made a depressing man's year end on a high. 
This needs to go on longer 
These are the same dogs from the gif where the puppy was a gift for the old dog. Anyone know if there is a full video?
This video makes me SO happy. I brought my 9 month old Bernese home to my senior, family lab. Prior to him meeting my puppy, he was super depressed after my other family dog passed last year due to old age. He was constantly needing snuggles and attention, very little play drive (which also, admittedly, comes with age), and refusing to walk in the grass or stay outside. He was super lonely due to living alone with my mom after years of canine companionship. Now he’s rough housing, chewing on bones, and playing all day with my pupper. (:
This is what my dogs experienced only in reverse in terms of size.  My 16.5 year old dog had the last 3 years of her life full of dealing with not one but two 25lbs that grew to eventually be100+lb big mastiff puppies bouncing around her poking and nudging her blind deaf bounce with each bark little 3lb body.   She was the boss and kept those two in line and they kept her younger. It was hilarious. 
"I'm not too sure about this little guy."


(Pup does dog hop)


(Old dog does dog hop)


"OMG, best friends!"
That long old snout had smelled the human condition forever, then one beautiful day, the sweet smell of young puppy.
Is it wrong that I read the title as “señor dog”??
Aww, this is like watching grandparents play with their grandkids at the park, but floofier. 
I wonder if older dogs realize they were once puppies. Probably not, but a man can dream. 
I have a 13 year old dog and we got a puppy this summer. He’s exactly the same way with the puppy - I swear she’s the only reason he’s still with us. 
My whole life I've had golden retrievers and always would get a puppy when one of the dogs was 7 or 8 and life their lives. They showed this excitement every single time. The once puppy who met the old dog, then became the old dog and met the new young pup. I've always wondered if the old pup takes on the "parental" role and an instinct kicks in. Or if there's any science or study behind it. I've always observed them taking care of and following the pup
Adding a puppy to the family with an older dog can actually inspire  the older dog to hold on a few extra years :) 
my uncle had two dogs , both friendly but never like, crazy happy and jumpy. When one died , the other got depressed and would nope all day. We got her a 4 month old sibling and after a week I’ve never seen her so happy and acting just like the 4 month old. It was like she had a new lease on life. 
The universe is cold and uncaring

but we have dogs.  
[deleted]
"I'M not as good as I once was.. But I'm as good once as I ever was.." 
Goldens are wonderful. 
My senior dog [didn't feel the same way at first.](https://i.imgur.com/jxMXh3x.jpg) 
Dogs grow old but they're always puppies at heart :).
Seriously thinking about getting a second dog. Only thing about my current dog I kind of dislike is that sometimes she wants to play and we have no energy. I've heard getting a second dog described as "getting an Xbox for your dog"
This is not always the case, my 2-1/2 year old golden can hardly stand my dad's 6 month old golden. First time I've ever seen him bare his teeth was only after hours of her chasing him around in circles trying to snarf his poor sopping wet face. 

He couldn't have been more thrilled to get home after Christmas!! He's still getting a younger sibling by the time he turns five. He needs someone to annoy the crap outta him, he's too damn lazy!!

Edit: Having a 105 lb golden trying to hide from a 51 lb puppy who just wants to love and play is hilarious. Also, watching them almost figuring out tug of war was fun to watch.
/r/ContagiousZoomies
We had a pack of 3 for the longest time, and the 2 girls recently passed. Now we have a 14yr old, deaf Pitbull, and three 2yr old or younger other pups. It's crazy how our Pit went from being a grumpy old curmudgeon, to acting like this and playing with the pups. Probably helps we started giving him CBD (amazing!), but man it warms my heart to watch him play again. 
I have two dogs. Ones a 8 year old boxer and ones a 6 month old chihuahua mix. However before I got the chihuahua I had a rat terrier, Gracie, that lived to be 15 years old. Everyone in my family was sad to see that dog go including Buddha, my boxer. But after a few months we decided to get the chihuahua mix, Piper. And I'll tell you what I've seen a new energy in Buddha that I haven't seen since he was a puppy. Much more energetic and always playing with Piper. Growing up alongside another small dog he knows not to be too rough with her, but they sure do have a fun together! I love seeing how puppies can bring out the youth in an old dog.
Once I finally own a home, I am going to adopt the oldest dog in the shelter.  I'll be raising my own pups but hopefully their youthful spirit will give the old guy/gal some happiness.  When they pass on, I will go back and get the oldest one again.  Hope to give these seniors a comfortable and inspiring place to retire.  Can't wait!
give your dog a puppy. it is like a PS4 for your dog
Arcanine meets Growlithe <3
That’s actually a senior puppy meets a puppy and starts to feel like a regular puppy himself.  All dogs are puppies!!!
So this is probably not safe for r/aww, but

A friend had a 12 year old Newfie that was going through a tough time with Cancer treatments.  Being an old pup and sick he was fairly low energy.

One day the Newfie meets my dog , a Shepard/ Chow mix, and you can see the excitement light him up he runs up to greet my dog and then proceeds to try climb up and mount my dog. My dog, a male is confused and not having any of it.

I was also horrified seeing 250 pounds of dog move so fast.

The Newfie's owner says he normally doesn't do stuff like that, but ocassionally thing for webed paws, which my dog did have. 

Learn something new every day.
Old dogs and puppies are an adorable combo. We had a female dog of 12 years and introduced a puppy. The old dog was female and the puppy was male. The puppy began pissing like a female dog, having learned it from the old dog. It took a long time after the death of the older dog (who I think died of exhaustion from the puppy) to learn to pee like a male dog. 
r/mademesmile
My god, golden pups are my weakness. Idk what it is about them that gets me all warm and fuzzy inside. I think it’s the eyes? Wait no, maybe the cloudboye cuteness? Idk. Little fuckers. 
Is it possible that when an older dog gets excited when seeing a puppy is actually them perceiving they are a puppy as well?
This may sound dumb but the same happens to me when I spend time with my babysitter/nanny and her friends.  I train them at the gym and after awhile, I find myself feeling as young as they are and gossiping and having the same emotions as them.  Maybe I’m reliving my younger 20s days with them or maybe I just enjoy girls that remind me when I was carefree and childless.
Luke Skybarker and Obi-wag Kenobi.
In another dimension of reddit: Senior human meets baby and starts to feel like a baby himself. 
No joke, I have a 13 year old dog who acts like a puppy because we got another dog that's 2 years old. 
Legit teared up at this, it's so cute and a reminder of the joy that dogs can bring to your life. 
I had a 10 year old standard poodle named Max who was having seizures almost every week and we were getting extremely worried and began discussing euthanasia with the vet. Shortly thereafter, my friend's golden doodle had a litter of 9 pups and we brought one home and they became best buds. Max never had another seizure for the rest of his life and he lived to 16. GET YOUR DOG A FRIEND
My dog passed away recently and I couldn’t even be there for his final moments... I miss that damn dog 😢
*lick* *lick*
Those tail wags 😍
we got a puppy after one of our dogs died suddenly. our other dog was 11 at the time and really showing it. that puppy easily added a good few years to her life. she’s been gone for a while now and the puppy is getting old fast. going to go hug her extra tight now :)
Every time my dog does something bad I come on Reddit and see something about a senior dog and feel guilty and go play with my pup for an hour or six. 
Doggo meets pupper (reddit translation)
When my parents got the dog of our neighbor that passed away, we kept it for a year but because the dog was starting to have trouble with everything so we decided to put the sweet dog down. In the vets office there was a puppy and the dog that could barely see or even stand up anymore started jumping and running around with the puppy


It was a sweet kinda smelly doggy
Damn, my two dogs are grumpy old men who hate youngsters.
Goldens have two life stages.

1. Puppy.

2. Bigger puppy.
I feel like I wanna cry. This is so pure. 
That makes not my day but my entire week great. Wish to see more of this.
So fluffy
Awww my heart!
They're so adorable <3
Cute 
The youth keep you young 
Just got a new puppy and it seems like our senior dog is jealous on the attention we give to the new one. Even though we treated them equally. 
Nice Dog i want Like Dog any one Tell me were is dog are found
u/discipleofoden 
Is this the same dog who got a puppy for Christmas?
You cannot *not* upvote this. 
Chance and Shadow
i love dogs so much
Señor Dog!
Let me sniff yo' dick real quick
/r/Zoomies

/r/OldManDog
r/gifsthatshouldntend
BABIESSS
Is this Cash from the puppy unboxing video?? 
Why do they always smell the genitals?
It's like the equivalent of when older people see babies and they light up. 
Oh god this makes my heart hurt BUT smile at the same time.
i wish there was a sub for just senior dogs meeting puppies.. plz reddit
When my dog Sadie died (coming up on 2yr mark) our older dog, who had known her for 6 years, was depressed. Wouldn't leave his bed. We got a 1yr old, super energetic/happy dog. The old man is still crotchety,  but he's been happier with the little one than he ever has been.
I wish i was as brave in real life as that puppy was. He jusr stood his ground with love. Good dog.
Watching this to start 2018. I have a good feeling.
I guess I have to wwatch it a dozen times before I fall asleep
You can take the golden out of the puppy but you can't take the puppy out of a golden.
This is exactly how my dog reacted when my auntie brought up her puppy. Despite having arthritis and a serious heart murmor, he'd be just like this. Miss him every day.
Goldens are the best!
I love the fact that the older dog was the one that initiated the puppy like behaviour. It's so similar to the way some grandfather's play with their young grandson's...
Me as a senior around freshmen.
adorable
Look like a dog dancing like Michael Jackson
I fucking love dogs man.
This saddens me in a way. It’s like a representation of a new life and a life coming to an end. 
Kind of feels like when a senior is playing peekaboo with a toddler :-\
Kind of makes me sad, he's thinking "oh shit, they're gonna replace me, I need to step it up...."
Listening to the Colors of the Wind while watching this, awww
That little nose lick at the beginning is just too much man
“Hey I forgot how to do that! Thanks pupper”
What breed is the little dog?
This happens with humans, too. Seeing the joy creep steadily across the face of an old person engaging with a baby. 
Whereas my 12 year old Westie doesn't much like puppies.
Same in my case too.
I meet a baby, act like a baby :D
r/thismademesmile
I first read this as Señor dog and now the idea of a M A R I A C H I B O Y E is stuck in my head. Thanks, OPama!
And thus the same reason we as humans have kids, they unlock your inner child. - Me 2017/2018
we had our dog Rocky for 14 years. at about 8-9 years old he was in really bad health though. we got a puppy to give him some company and he was like reborn. he finally needed to be put down at 14 but it was much longer than we ever anticipated him making it.
Nice video....goldens are always live like puppies...
When my dog was 9 we got a puppy too, she did the same thing. Suddenly she was many years younger again! Even when we went out, she would start dancing around other dogs if she liked them. It was beautiful to see but alas she passed last year at 16,5 years old. We now have 2 puppies of 3 months, and the 8 year old doesn't have that puppy loving character but once in a while she'll start dancing and the pups get confused. 
[deleted]
This is great, is there a sub for this kind of thing?
Man i want a dog so bad, but my lifestyle means that it would be unfair on me to get a dog, Why cant someone hire out dogs for weekends to play with and then return them when we go to work during the week?
I wish I had a dog :( 
Zoomies are ageless
So cute for that golden oldie:D Spring in the step returns. Very adorable for everyone!!!!
My older dog still acts like a puppy. To the point where I think it’s a brain thing
lil pupper: "I know kung fu"

old pupper: "show me"
Love this!!!
This happens with people too
I adopted a puppy the other day (shoutout to all my Chiweenie owners out there) and I can attest to the fact that it is impossible to not feel like a puppy around a puppy.
What a sweet old man! It's amazing how a younger dog can just bring out the puppy in another dog. It really warms my heart.
It's crazy how older dogs will come alive when they see a small pho. For better or worse. 

My old girl blew both her rear knees out chasing my fiances pug around the backyard. Couldn't afford surgery and my mom almost put her down. 

She couldn't really walk for several weeks, had to put a towel under her belly and lift her back legs up to take her outside. I convinced her to give her a chance to heal and sure enough she is walking and doing fine, even has to take stairs daily to go outside now. 
He stole a small bit of that puppers life force
Y O U N G  A T  H E A R T  B O Y E
That’s adorable
Forever a pup at heart!
all dogs are puppers
My old lab pupper is 13, and he still does this sometimes when confronted with a puppy.
classic romp
Look at this adorableness /u/greenlanternx3
All dogs just want to be puppies.
What good good boys!!
I let out an audible “aww” because AWW.
Like hoomans! 
Love it!!!
Let me just smell the weiner first
You're never too old to play with a puppy.
I saved and upvoted this before it could load. 
Is this the same dog that got the puppy for Christmas? 
Aww
The mini dog is the definition of aww
Reminds me of the scene in willy wonka when his grandfather jumps out of bed and starts dancing.
Well dogs *are* the most well-known example of neoteny
And that's whats up son 
he absorbed some of the youth and energy from the pup
When doggie meets doggie))
Where can I rent a golden retriever puppy for an hour and just snuggle and play with it?
I love when old pups meet young ones. I feel like this is the equivalent of when your grandpa sees his grandson. All of a sudden he gets a little more animated and does silly stuff completely out of character for them, but not as cute.
this makes my day 
I had a golden with hip dysplasia who didn't give a fuck about it.  He went into golden retriever bucking bronco mode well into his last year.  Good times, good times
I’m always reminded of Air Bud when I see a dog like that. Nostalgia to the max. 
Why are videos like this one always of a puppy and senior golden retriever?
I read this like "senor dog" in a Spanish accent. 
I wish I had a dog. Just can’t justify leaving it for hours on end everyday though. Seems kind of cruel. 
we got a new puppy when our older dog was 10 and as soon as she warmed up to him she was so much more active and enthusiastic
Is there a 10 hour version of this?
Yess I love this, such a message of life and remembering where we came from. Much love
That just saved my day. My week, even! Thank you :)
All dogs are pups no matter how old! 
So puppies make everything better for everyone?
looooooollll
I've been watching my dad do the same thing with my son for the past 4 years.
Big boof meets little boof. 
Then smells the junk
I love this episode of puppy pals 
G E N E R A T I O N  B O I
So cute
Puppy time!!!
We don't deserve dogs 
We don’t deserve dogs 
This should go on r/TippyTaps
he IS a puppy 
That's just B E A UTIFUL
I read this as Señor Dog. I'm really tired. 
I initially thought the dog was Spanish. 
Cute
I like dogs
Puppy licks are contagious 
How happy the puppy is. I really love dog,  but my wife doesn't allow me have one, what to do?
brb drowning in tears
This whole thread makes me happy and sad. 
As humans, we don’t fucking deserve dogs. They are tooo good for us. 
This is so cute!!!!!! The love!
[removed]
Dogs are the fucking best. 
I always feel that happy seeing a new subwoofer. 
This same thing happened when I brought my Pit to meet my mom's Rottie. 
Golden labs act like puppies forever.
I'm crying 
Nice
I love dogs 
I picture the old dog saying: I still got some life left in me youngin'.
He's still got it in him
This is so cute
Too adorable 
Anyone know if this is the same dog that got the puppy for Christmas from the front page a few days ago?
Jumpins
All dogs are precious - but why are Goldens especially more so?
We’re all puppies at heart 
I love how the little puppy licks the older one at the beginning 
My bones ache just watching the olde pup move
Golden Retrievers only have 2 stages in life: smaller puppy and bigger puppy.
I love seeing older dogs acting like puppies!
So precious😍
Awww
Me on the left
I wish I got that happy when I see human puppies.
This is the best. I got a puppy when my oldest pup was 9. I swear he brought her back to life. She's now 12 and he's 3 and she still acts like a puppy because of him.
i love dogs so much
Oh god I just love dogs 
Scientific proof that all dogs are puppies. They just change their physical appearance. But they are still PUPPIES
wtf pedophile old dog, disgusting
Dogs never grow up!
First  dog, Jake, came after my cat Baby. He would not take a treat until I gave one to her. Two dogs followed, and the same thing. I have to give food, treats, to EVERYBODY or he won't take one. He barks at the other dogs to come play
Can dogs feel nostalgia?
When my golden retriever was a year old he encountered our neighbor's yorkie who was about 12. The yorkie ended up barking at him and chased him back to our yard. I imagine it as something like an old lady cussing out a teenager for being in her yard
We should love each other as human being.. just like this..
Im gonna cry omg
There is nothing more puppy like or sweeter then an old goldie.

Sometimes I feel like a puppy when I meet a puppy too. I wouldn’t blame the older fella. 
adorable
Best thing i’ve seen all day
every animal will act like when they see young ones of their kind

This is so adorable!
Also a benefit you realize after having kids 
If only I had a golden....... id see a lot of karma. If only. 
That is so awesome
This reminds me of my grandad when he meets kids.
Cute Puppy 😍😍😘😘😘
that is a so sweet story
When my dog was getting old my dad got two little puppies and it rejuvenated my old pup. Definitely helped her get through the last year or so. :( Miss my old pup. 
So dang cute!
I like dags
Is that the canine version of talking with overly emphasised emotional cues when addressing a very young child?
Bring in the feels. My childhood best friendnis 16, lives with my mom and dad. When i was in college i got a pup of my own. Shes now 5. Watching the senior dog and my kuch younger pup go after the laser light today brough back all the memories, im so unready for him to go.
Probably cutest thing I've ever seen in my entire life up until this moment
This is the equivalent to baby talk by senior humans when they meet other human's babies.
Hooray!
I hope that ppl who can will consider giving their single dog a companion.  Just like ppl they usually enjoy a friend
I got a younger cat to be a friend for my old man kitty. They play together so much and I’m hoping it makes it easier when he goes, but he’s my best friend and I’ve had him since I was a kid. Animals tear me up. 
This is sooo precious... makes me miss my dog. It’s been a year without her and it hurts to look at other dogs. She acted just like this.
*senior puppy meets a young puppy and starts to feel like a young puppy

AHEM*
Is this the same pup gifted to the older one on Christmas?
U/CaptHotPotato
That’s a golden oldie
Big Fluffy And Lil Fuzzy.
In every dog a little puppy is inside 
"How do you do, fellow puppies?"
Is this the same dog that got the puppy for Christmas?
I need a puppy in my life.... 
love it
I love dogs period.
I don't think dogs go past the puppy stage ever though. 
My older dog still acts like a puppy. To the point where I think it’s a brain thing
"Lemme smell yooo diiick"
😍😍
So Cute!!!I wish my mom let me have dogs.
cute love
Can we get r/olddogsfeelingyoung rolling already? We all want it. 
Lovely 
This makes me wish I'd gotten a puppy before my almost 14 year old lab passed away. Now I'm crying.
I once had a beautiful puppy cuter than a japanese baby hamster farm. I named him "Chimmy" because my very young nephew's first word was "chimney" except he said it like    "chimmy". Anyway, I remember it was around the first week that I got him that I decided I would take him to the park and let him roam around a bit. He frollicked like a good boy and women and children all startwd taking pictures so i did find out how much of a babe magnet puppies can be. So one of the girls has her own dog with her, an older labrador, and she asks if chimmy wants to play with "Corporal". I of course say yes amd they begin playing. But then i get a weird feeling in my stomach so i take out a pen thats in my pocket and stab myself in the eye. Blood is gushing everywhere and getting all over the puppies fur. Everyone is screaming but i just laugh and tell them my name is Peter Mondragon. What a fun day.
My 12 year old chap did this the other day. We was absolutely knackered after meeting the puppy and plodded home after that
Damn....these comments have me sad.
awee so cute...golden retriver love😍😍😍😍
https://www.tiny4k.in
Best thing that happened to my older dog in a long time was getting a puppy, she was much more active and happy
Fuck me that just melts your heart. I've got to go hug my Golden for a while now. 
Very cute! Puppies definitely bring out the playfulness in older dogs! My family had an older Dachshund (around 10-11) and we got a puppy dachshund. The older dog Roxy and the puppy would chase each other around the living playing.
He's just playing game with the kid to keep him entertained. 
I needed that. Thank you :]
Made my day
Senior Dog: " I have found you my successor! Thank the heavens!"
I have a 13 year old seniors dog and THANK YOU for sharing this.

I won’t get a new dog but I will keep my Bella close to puppies to help keep her young. 

Thank you! 
Such happy tail wags. 
I love seeing this. I have a yellow lab named Molly that I grew up with who is still loving life over at my parents house. They thought she wasn’t going to be around much longer; though I disagreed with that, they got a puppy chocolate lab and I had never seen Molly so ecstatic and happy it was like a second wind. Definitely added some years to her life I would say:)
I have a 13 year old dachshund. He normally moves around slowly and gingerly and sleeps a lot. But when he comes across another dachshund, he momentarily turns back into a puppy. It is so sweet.
Dogs are just the best.
Cuteness Overloaded! :D
This happened when my grandparents got there last dog, their eldest at the time got so excited that little puppy Molly got scared and hid in a corner. After that Lasy the older dog hated her till she died.
After all there is some good left on this planet.
awwww
If this were any longer you'd see the older dog sitting down to take a rest. Oh wait, that's just me when i play with my kids for 10 seconds.
All I see are two puppies. 
Roses are red

BB-8 is round

It's over, Anakin

I have the high ground﻿
This must be the equivalent of adults using "baby talk"! 
I foster dogs so had two puppies for three weeks.  My dogs were terrified of them!  Lol.  Of course, if they were going to be my pets, I would have worked to acclimated them.
aren't dogs supposed to smell each other's ass when greeting?
My girl and the pit my next door neighbors have are just the same way!! She’s a rescue that’s been scared of dogs since I got her and he’s definitely starting to show his age, but get them outside together and they’re running and jumping around like they’re both about 5 months old.
It’s one of the cutest things I’ve ever seen.
Animals never seem to grow up. Just takes more effort for them to do what they've always done. I've got a lab probably in the dog equivalent of his fifties / sixties and he always acts extra playful around puppies at the park 
Might be old, but still a puppy at heart.
I’m listening to a depressing blackened ambient folk song while watching this and it’s bizarre.  
Who gives gold to Natsdorf? Are they stupid?
This doggo is showing  exactly what being a grandparent is like. You get to act like a goofy kid again. 
this is like a fluffy pokemon battle. i love it.
Gotta' love the cute tweaky and jumpy kiddo puppers, the lil' puppers bring out the kid pup' in everyone and everything it socializes with!
Nothing teaches you how to dog like teaching another dog how to dog
It's our Boston Terriers 12th birthday today and she still gets like this around puppies sometimes, even with only 3 legs
We keep two dogs.

Everytime the elder passes away we wait about a year before getting another puppy. 

They are staggered about 6-7 years so the elder doggo gets a playmate tight at the age they tend to get lazy.
my heart... 
This is so cute I'm crying
r/goldenretrievers
Read that as señor.
I’m in love
Was it Nietzsche that said:

-**A man’s maturity: that is to have rediscovered the seriousness he possessed as a child at play**

Just change that for Dog, yo!
"I remember bark in my day..."
For some reason, I read it as Señor Dog.
