Nope, I'm good. I'll hold it until spring 
"I'll just poop inside.  You and the cat both do it."
Seriously, I'm good....


https://imgur.com/ffIGfNz
Haha this is hilarious. We had a dog as a kid who would get so excited when it snowed she begged to go out. Then she'd--well, the most appropriate word is "prance" around out there, mouth wide open trying to eat every flake. Your pup is definitely the opposite.
I'm continuously amazed how expressive dogs can be. Like "I don't want to offend you buuuutt....I am *this close* to losing composure over how badly I don't want to go out there."
I like how it is just a dusting of snow too
r/youseeingthisshit 
Omg the look on that dogs face is priceless.

Don't make me go out there PLEASE OH PLEASE DON'T MAKE ME GO OUT THERE!!
"I've seen what happens out there with other dogs. It's all fun and games until you realise it's just water! You're tryna make me take a bath!"
If ever there was a face that said "DO NOT WANT" this would be it. 
Sheer terror 
On second thought I don't want to poop anymore. 
That is the nopest face I’ve ever seen!
This is great! Haha

Nice 4runner too! I have a 4th gen as well!


Get it some boots
I was not expecting that facial expression. 
That dog has seen some shit. 
"Dude, you seeing this shit?"
"It's OK, I'll just hold it forever."
Maybe s/he just needs some booties so her paws don't get too cold.
I know that 4Runner was ready for the snow!
This is awesome!! Your dog is hilarious. I look the same when people are trying to get me outside.
[deleted]
Dog: "I'm too old for this shit."
[deleted]
"Dude, it's raining cocaine out there, ARE YOU CRAZY!?"
My dog doesn’t like going out in the snow. Not a big deal, however she’s an Alaskan Malamute. Makes no sense. 
2008 Toyota 4Runner
My dog loves the snow, but he's terrified of ice. I take him for walks on the frozen lake all the time and he loves it. When there's plenty of snow, like right now, he's zooming around having a great time. But when there's no snow he won't go out on it, just barks at me from the shore. And the best is when there are the little islands of snowdrifts. He'll run along those but wont cross the ice unless faced with no other choice. So I'll walk in a straight line and he will find some serpentine path along the snow to keep up. He's a little odd, but I love my pupper. 
That boye got the crazy eyes 
The face of PURE TERROR.
There's enough white on her snout that she's seen snow before, and she's had enough of it.
[deleted]
I have a chihuahua that will go out in ANY weather (except lighting, because fuck lightning). Chest high in the snow for three blocks? No problem.

She's more than willing, but I don't take her out in it for her sake and for mine.
Meanwhile I cannot get my dog to come IN from the snow.
Crazy my dog is obsessed with the snow, shes not a husky even. Shes actually a lab and she loves to bury her face in it and roll around making dog angels.
haha the "is this dude crazy" look
I adopted a 3 month old puppy that was found at the mountains during the winter here in Nevada (so it was snowy), when he was 6 I took him to the mountains to play in the snow (I forgot all about him being found there), and as soon as I opened the door of the car, he jumped out, realized that he was back in snow and froze just like this dog (they look alike, mine was a black lab) but he also had a look of betrayal on his face, like I would also leave him there. The poor guy jumped back into the car and only came out when the car was inside the garage. I still feel bad for it.... I miss my buddy :(.
Currently me in Houston right now minus the snow. We aren't built for this 25-30 degree weather shit. 
Meanwhile my dogs run around like idiots in 2 feet of snow refusing to come in and have to go catch them so they don't freeze.
His eyes say everything
"No, I'm good. I'll hold it. Until Spring." 
I don’t want to either! Yet, here I am at my home in southern Florida where snow flurries happened last night, and more expected. I moved back to Florida from Maryland to get away from the snow, not have more of it.
That look of utter fear lmao
Is that the egg boy that does heckin concern? 
That face is so priceless haha!! I laughed so hard when you turned the camera to the dog and it just stood there like a deer in headlights.
He’s getting them ‘Nam flashbacks
This is the opposite of my dog. She'll go out and literally walk over every bit of snow even if the walkway is plowed and clean. Ugh. 
"Man... white stuff is coming from the sky..."
Hooman, *I AM* **NOT** *GOING OUT THERE*!!  You go poop first!
I really hate admitting that I looped this more times than necessary.  
"Are you crazy?!? Can't you see all the cold stuff on the ground???"
I am a house dog I WILL learn to use the toilet.
What snow?
Hello fellow r/4runner driver! Cute pup.  
Get that (good) boy a sweater!
vid to this plz?
Funiest thing I've seen all day!
I think that dog is demanding a coat
Master, you crazy!
There's a lot of white in those eyes. It's like you can see through them to the ghost of winters past.
The dog is trying to use the Jedi mind trick. “You will not take me outside.”-Dog, probably. 
"What what what....what is HAPPENING!?!"
"Why don't I just stay here and guard the door? I mean, really? You really want the heart shaped mat to get stolen? No, you don't."
I love dogs but that face right there pisses me off lol, then you have to be a little mean and force them out.. then you feel all guilty cause you know they just wanna shit inside like you... hell i guess id make that face too if I had to shit in public on top of in the cold... 
In very heavy rain, snow, or extreme cold, when I see a dog being walked I lean over and say to it, "You know, if you'd learn to use the litter box, you wouldn't be out in this weather. Bet the cat doesn't look so stupid now, does he?" 

If the owner says something like, "Oh, she loves this weather", I change the line to, "If you'd learn to use the litter box, s/he (pointing at the owner) wouldn't be out in this weather." 

Somewhere along the way I almost always get a laugh.
My dog does exactly this.
Someone must have said "The vet".
He looks like and old fella. I know my older dog hates cold days bc her joints you can just tell must kill her. 
This was my cat that loves to go outside during the last week. Crying annoyingly to go outside, then taking a step on the snow and immediately wanting back in. Repeat an hour later.  
If it is so cold maybe you should make him wear something to keep him warm.
thats the jailhouse crazy eyes. let him use the floor if ur smart.
poor doggo
Your dog and I had the same facial expression.
"Oooooo that's gonna be a no from me fren"
His eyeballs haha 😂 😆 
Don’t ever let me go out there again. You go out there mommy but not me. I stay right here from now on. 
"BITCH WHAT IM NOT GOING OUTSIDE TF"
Dog: No,I'm good here inside.
That dog’s side eye game is strong. 
This dog has the voice of Dave Chappelle, I feel it.
That is the most adorable look of abject terror I've ever seen.
"Listen human, I don't know why you're so calm but the SKY IS LITERALLY FALLING AND I AM FREAKING THE FUCK OUT."
I wish my dog had this much sense. It was 11 degrees when i walked her today. 11. And she wanted to sit and sniff the wind, the old bitch. 
Is you crazy, woman?
"You must be out of your mind if you think I'm going out there" 
How can you tell?
Took my dog out today he shivered came up to me to pet him and then he walked back inside lol. Too cold to go pee. Then he peed in my kitchen.
> snow

Haha. That's just a fun night of cocaine. Trying loving somewhere that gets Charlie sheen levels of snow.  
“You’ve got to be kidding be John”
I have to make a “princess path” for my dog or she won’t go out
Had a debate with someone not long ago in which they were saying that animals don't have emotions and anything we interpret as emotions is just us personifying them. While we do a hell of a lot of projection on our house pets, folks, I think the emotion's pretty clear here, don't you think?
"Carry Me...please?"
This is Sweetie! She's a dog on Dogspotting Society on Facebook! She always looks super shook to the point we have many memes of her! She's adorable! 
Thats me alrite ...😅
He’s having WWII flashbacks. 

I was going to go with Vietnam flashbacks but I don’t suppose that would make sense because of the snow. 
MRW my wife asks if I want to go with her to the in-laws.
Play "froze." Good boy.
Dude plz don't.
'It's not there I don't look!' 
Oh look, it's me 
Now that's my kind of doge.
Ahhh the old 'owner running the bath' look 
This was the look on my face this morning as well when I contemplated going out into the sub zero temps. Brrrr.  
“Are you kidding me? I am not going out, you can clean up after me”😂
Mine does this when it rains, but only if he has to go into the yard by himself. If I put him on the leash it’s walk time rain or shine 
This is my new moving phone background
Lol ❤️
Your door reminds me of the Tardis 
He’s got that expression on his face that’s like “bro what you doing? What you doing bro we talked about this!! I don’t do snow bro! You know this”
Lol!!!
It’s because the dog knows it’s turning the frogs gay. 
"You can't fool me.  That's just a really cold bath"
Such a perfect face anf cute puo! My lab and my husky-mix felt the same way when they faced snow!
I feel ya, dog.
Nope. Not gonna happen, I am good where I am...
"Fuuuuuuck that"
"I am doing an ambivalent!"
I’m glad I found another dog like mine.   Mine hates the snow.  Thankfully I live in the south where snow is fairly rare.  When it does snow, I have to clear out a spot in the yard for her. 
What sort of dog is this? He looks just like my dog... just bigger 
Looks like my lab when I tried to get her to go outside after fireworks started
"pls no"
The dog is like "Really? Seriously?" Can we just chill inside and play with a ball?
"Statues don't have to go outside, so I'll be one."
What snow 
Doggo looks like Adam Driver 
That's funny, my dog loves snow
"I've seen some shit man. I can't do it again!"
This was my old dog
The only time that he would actually go out and do his business was when there was in the snow and the rain. He was such a prissy boy but it was so funny
Now we have a dog that loves to go out and get messy and my mother misses the days where the dog was dry by the time they hit the floor
“Not a chance, Carl. YOU go.”
/r/4Runner 
I don't know why people just assume all / most breeds of dogs can just go out into the snow with no feet protection.  At the bare minimum it can be uncomfortable.

You try stepping out barefoot in the snow.
S P O O K E D 
It was -14 this morning.  I know that feeling.
"ooo fuck, I don't wanna die man!"
Oh hellllll snow
If it's raining out I have to push my pitbull out the door.....he stays right under the awning and pees on the step. He out right refuses to poop in the rain and will hold it until it stops. 
God this is gold 
The look you get when your best friend is about to rat you out to your mom....
can't remember the last time I laughed like that 
Wait what day is it ...
you can see in his doggo beard that he's been out before
Poor puppy
My lab loves the snow. Although, he lives in our garden.
r/naww
Or maybe get in the car??
/r/NamFlashbacks
I’m a statue. Smart pupper 
r/youseeingthisshit
Lab springer spaniel mix? If so, s/he looks a lot like mine. 
His face is priceless 
Ah man I always wanted a dog. Please hug this guy for me.
The dog is right to want to stay inside.
Those are the shiftiest eyes I've ever seen. 
r/youseeingthisshit
The snow is work tomorrow 
I've seen that look before.
It's because there's an evil demon outside, the dog is telling you something...
haha. The look as if he doesn't move you don't see him. 
That was my dog Sunday night. She hates cold and fireworks.
Aww
This dog knows that winter is here and there are white walkers out there. 
Your wolf ancestors are disappointed.
Those eyes are looking at you like you have to be joking!
“What? Really? You want me to go out there? You crazy hooman? You crazy? Nah.. not gonna do it. Nope”
*makes crazy eyes*
Meanwhile my dogs go out in 0* weather and 2 feet of snow
Maybe his butt is just frozen stuck to the porch.

That could be my Remus' older brother.  
https://www.reddit.com/r/AnimalsBeingDerps/comments/7enq5x/this_is_remus_oh_boy_were_going_to_the_park_face/
SOMEONE SEND THAT DOG A COAT!
can relate.
r/dog_irl
Lol what snow?
Hahahah my dog loves the snow... And we live in Canada... There is a lot more snow here then that! Good thing she likes it or it would make for a LONG winter!
What breed is this dog??
Love the purple door and heart rug!! And of course the pup!
That is hilarious!
Is it common for dogs to have that look? I've seen a few dogs here with that lol don't have a dog so dunno. 
Lol 
"Nope. My body is only made for subtropical climates" 
Aww, I have a similar looking dog but he really likes walking in snow. Until he poops, that is.
That's gonna be a no for me dog.
Hahahahhaha. 
Looking back into 2017 like 
im on the fuckin floor !
I think you have a cat
Yeah, that's me .
My doggo looks like he could be cousins with yours. Markings in exact same spots just different shapes. 
So adorable! I want to hug him and squeeze him. 
Lead the way dictator 
Nope, not today bitch. 
Priceless
Poor guy, the colder conditions can dry out and crack you buddies paws (the pads). Invest in some doggy slippers.
It's white and cold by not vanilla ice cream. I don't think I like this game Karen.
That is a "nope" face if I ever saw one. 
"Do I look like a damned husky to you?"
I had a Husky like that once... I also lived in AK at the time. He used to like making things difficult. 
My dog does this, but with noise. If he goes out, and he hears our neighbors talking next door, it freaks him out and he goes back to the house. 

Even Scooby-Doo wasn’t that much of a pussy. 
😨
Dog: "o no bby wat is u doing" 
Those stubborn horse eyes
/r/NamFlashbacks 
Me too, me too.
What was in his dog food lmao
Look at his face he's all: "please please no no no I'll be a good dog from now on"
ME 
To be fair, I don't want to go outside either.
*OH HELL NAH*
Dont drag me into that shit woof
A MOOD
Lol. “Naaaaaaah fuck that”
"You. Are. NUTS!"
My dog goes where I go
I think I'm just shit in the kitty litter and blame it on the cat...
I know this dog from facebook. Her name is Sweetie and she's always this expressive.
LMAO que risa viejo
Don't you want to play in the snow and be in a cute Reddit video like all the other dogs?
/r/youseeingthisshit
Looks like The Invisible Dig to me.
Poor guy's got a "don't play me like this, bro" look on their face.
My dog loves the cold, wish I had your problem. It can be -15 out and he’ll demand a walk.
"Hard pass, dawg"
that dog must associate snow with that one time slushy ice/snow got stuck between its toes.
Dog’s not hot!
Dog: All of my Nope.
Get that dog some shoes!
Lol my dog loves the snow https://goo.gl/THhBDe
- owner: Did you put the yellow in the snow??? 
-dog: Who me mommy?? No must be someone else’s footprints in the snow. 
for some reason he reminds me [this dog](https://me.me/i/you-need-to-start-asking-questions-dave-umm-dave-696148)
Thinks he's having a stroke
I *want* to trust you...
[removed]
My kids gonna be pissed when he sees you took his dog
*If I don't move....... they can't see me.......*
hey nice 4runner bro
Reading y’all comments makes me so happy knowing there are alot of responsible and very caring doggo parents out there! Y’all are your own dogs biggie heroes! 
I’m a little surprised; looks warm enough out, so dogs should love it outside.
That looks so much like my dog, but he LOVES the snow, he rolls around in it, eats it and just generally enjoys himself.
This isn’t snow. 
*Maybe if I stand really still my human won't notice me*
That's the face I made this morning having to go outside to go back to work after Christmas holidays. 
My dog doesn't like going outside in any bad weather. The other day she saw it was raining, I opened the door and told her to go potty, she jumped on the couch and pottied there. I was pissed. 
Looks like generally dogs sometime can make those kind of expression. Kinda cute.
"The *fuck* is all *that?!*"
r/youseeingthisshit
Mine is the same way. He has a very long tie out and often wraps himself up around a tree or the legs of our deck. Except when it’s -14 outside. Then he is the fastest shitter in the world. 

Or he will simply do his business on the deck. 

Or in the living room. 

It’s a good thing he is cute. 
Me too, dog, me too. 
[this dog](https://youtu.be/3Q_c-fMtBYg?t=62)
That fear in his eyes
I'm thinking that dog has sniffed some coke in it's time and can't tell the difference between it and snow.
He’s got those Stanley; boi ru crazy? Eyez
What breed it your dog? (If this is the OP, of course)...my dog has the exact same white beard and chest with exact same hair color...beautiful domesticated wolf by the way
u/chiefbigcope
Same with my dog, won’t go outside if it’s raining or there’s a lot of snow on the ground. Always figured it was a small dog thing since she’s a jack Russell chihuahua mix 
Looks like both of my dogs. 
I'VE SEEN THINGSSS.... CRAZY THINGS
IS THIS SWEETIE FROM DOGSPOTTING
me as a dog
He spookd
😂😂
I keep telling im dog I'm totally cool with him shittin in the shower but he makes me go outside.  Selfish.
I've never laughed so hard at a post 📯 
No matter how hot or cold is my dog wants to go for a walk.  Right now it’s in the negatives and the other day with the wind chill it felt like -23 Fahrenheit.  She still wants to go out.  :(
Our puppy would go out the back and see snow and would refuse to go outside. Then he'd want to go out the front door, thinking well maybe the snow is only out back! Love his optimism! 
He’s got that look like, “is this dude serious right now”
Those whale eyes are so telling. Nope
All I could think about is...

https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/b/b6/Dramatic_Chipmunk.png

Now we have dramatic dog. =3
I feel the same way
Mine is the opposite and doesn’t want to come back in from the snow. 
Old girl is saying “ You better plan on carrying me hoooomon”
Toughen it up. My lab does his business in this weather no problem. We don't even coax him out. If he's gotta go he'll come right out.
Me irl
I love that face. "What're you, crazy? I'm not going outside in that. You're out of your mind."
Bitch you crazy
r/whatswrongwithyourdog 
I love the “SHIT NO!” wide eyed look he gives. 
I'm sorry but what snow??
I never thought I'd see Sweetie on Reddit. Dogspotting Society and other dog groups and pages are probably 70% of the reason I go on Facebook nowadays. 
“I see some white walker shit out there human.  You go first.”
He’s got that: “we’re going to the Vet again, aren’t we?” Look 
r/4runner
Meme material
Isn't this the E G G B O Y E dog?
those eyes are telling
I don’t want to go out in the snow either...
Man I wish! My dog loves the snow, easily his favorite time of the year. I have to lure him in with bacon and he demands walks every single morning. I got wind burn and my whole beard froze on our walk today!
My dog Huggie do the same thing! hahah she will stare at you and give you that freezing look!
Yes, I have seen that look.
More times than I can remember.
LOL

Although never for snow!!! 
This made my evening! thank you OP!
Winter is coming.
Nice 4th gen 
Who does?! 

Me too buddy, me too.
[Albino brain chiggers!](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0502672/)
Poor pupper

What snow?
Those are human eyes 
She's so precious!
"Snow"
Oh my gosh my dog gives the exact same face when it rains. He loves snow but he hates the rain!
[deleted]
Christ wheres he from Miami Beach??...not much snow there...just a light dusting     he communicates well though dont he?!  lol
What breed is the dog? My dog is a mutt and looks line yours and dont lnow what breeds he is
I will cross oceans for you
What kind of dog is this? :) it’s so cute 
“Mmmm I don’t know about dat shit maaan” 
"Out there??!" "Are you shitting me? I'm not going out there!"
This is funny because I knew the dog would have a funny reaction, but not like this lmaooo
http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/medium/000/021/557/conceit.JPG
That dogs face says it all:
“Whose he talking to ?? He better not be trying to get me to poop out there” 
Nervous boi.
You can’t make me go out there, Man. You don’t know what that stuff’ll do to me.  You don’t want any part of that. Please just let me back in.
That foo said

"Human, You got me fucked up"
He is being still and pretending not to notice you, so that you will not notice him.
Maybe if I don’t move they won’t see me... 
Doggo will definitely go for a car ride in the 4runner
Exactly how I felt for the past week with temperatures getting to or close to -40 celcius at night. The amount of times I contemplated calling in sick for work in the morning and just going back to bed.
Don’t take him outside!! It’s too cold 
My dumb little chihuahua is wearing a diaper now because he won't go out and poop in the snow. Take him out and he just sits there, shivering in his little coat, refusing to move. 
Whale eyeing *hard.* Snow is doing it a concern.
Im so happy my puppy loves snow lol
Maybe some doggie booties?
I feel you, dog 
SWEETIE!?!?!??!!?
Nope nope 
He needs boots!  And a sweater.
That's a hard no! 
Is it bad that my dog is so used to snow he gets weirded out during the two months of bad sledding he has to go on the bare grass? 
Get that doggo some booties and a warm jacket. 
Lol @ that look.   Hahahahah!  
Snow? You mean that water dust out there? Dogs got allergies, yo.
I think that's Sweetie! That dog is semi famous in the Dogspotting Society FB page
That look :D ...nah its ok human, I will stay...
That look on his face says it all. Pupper with brains.
After seeing the snow outside: Pleisee naahh, naahh naahhhh naaaahhhhhhhhh neiiiweerrr
I don't think I've ever related so much to a dog before 
“Plz no.”
He needs to swap dogs with the guy who's dog won't go back inside...
This is aNiMaL aBuSe!!!!1
Everyone in Houston rn. 
This has been me for the past few days, I'm over in NYC so I walk everywhere and it sucks.
"What the f*ck are you thinking, master?"
U guys r lucky my lab doesn't understand why I don't want to go out in the subzero and run around and put my face in the snow
He looks like hes trying to use telepathic powers to not go outside...
"no hoomab im not goin" 
Ha! I can't say I blame him/her! Those eyes tho!
WHERE IS THE SUBREDDIT FOR THIS DOG LOOK?!
SWEETIE! That’s her name, and she’s the goodest girl
Nope. Nope. Nope.
/r/namflashbacks
That face!!! Bwahahahaa!!!! 
This is the first r/awww that has made me really laugh for a while.  Thanks.  An upvote for the mat.
Dog’s just wtf.jpg
Come on boy let go walkies.


WATCHU TALKING BOUT WILLIS.. 
She is famous on the FB group! This is a big deal.
You thought he was a snow boi turns out he was a no boi.
Bruh it's face 🤣
This is how I feel reading Trump’s tweets. 
Don't make me do this Brent 
                                                -probably dog
Umm no I’m good you can go - dog
He's doing that could you fuckin not kids face perfectly.
Not very aww..
This dog has seen some shit
Why can't I use a litter box like the cat??
Respect his decision 
yea dog want to stay inside 
I love how human dog facial expressions can be.
That dog is me when it's snowing and I start thinking all over again if I want my job or not.
This is Sweetie from the Dogspotting Society Facebook group!
