The puppy's train of thought must have been a roller coaster. 
This gif contains everything that is good in the world. 
I see great zoomies in that puppy’s future
The stunned look and fall backwards did me in 
Older husky is just like "Really?"
Love how the big dog just stares in apathy.
Moon moon has a child...
"That's how we drink it in Belgium...It's called a Belgian dip."
I did something extremely similar to this in the booze punch bowl on New Years 
That's the sign of a good New Years party.
Daddy doggo: That is definitely my kid.   
Mommy doggo: That is definitely his kid.

I'M HIIIT 
Mama doggy just realised she's given birth to a simpleton! 
/r/StoppedWorking
Did he really freeze for a second there? Hahaha
Go home puppy, you're drunk
Found my spirit animal.
The mom doesn't even blink, it's like she knows he's a little crazy and has accepted it. 
Moon Moon - the early days
https://i.imgur.com/57SQfWV.gifv
Momma just looks like "what have I done?"
You just can't not love dogs.  

   I've got a little terrier mix and she was always doing clumsy shit like this when she was a puppy.  Now 8 years later and she's brilliant, but still occasionally does stuff like this.  Only difference is, now she'll give me this look like "ok, you did not see that."
Mom! Mom! Am I fat or a little husky?

Son, you are husky with a side of clumsy!
"Aha! I have bitten your ear and will never be punished by karma!"

=split second later=

"I AM FALLING BACKWARDS DUE TO BEING PUNISHED BY KARMA!"
Owww my ovaries. 
sure it's cute when the puppy does it, but when I fall head first into my drink and then back onto my head I'm "a drunk mess" and "need to go home"
\^_^ Hahaha, now I finally know where the idea for the [puppy backflip toy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGgbmvEeh3g) came from!
Why the hell are puppies so CUTE
The mother is thinking "shit… This one is never going to move out."
/r/bettereveryloop
Everytime I see husky puppy gifs or videos, I get sad I missed out on my husky's puppy-hood. But even as an adult, my husky still does stupid stuff like this all the time. They never grow out of the thought that physics don't apply to them. 
Oh, this what they meant by backfiring of zoomies. XD
The face after falling backwards “what have I done?!” 
Wasted
I love it how the big husky watches him fall.
This puppy is my spirit animal.
r/peoplefuckingdying
That boy ain't right.
Warning: Water will cause your puppy to malfunction.  Handle with care
I want to know where they purchase their fast-acting vodka.
Wasted
"Moon Moon : The origin story".
Cuttenes overload
That was amazing :D
I was content with the face dunking but he really upped the derp with that backwards summersault 
>Clumsy Husky puppy

Better known as Husky puppies
That there is Chris Farley's spirit animal.
He's looking at the pup like, "Oh, my dear summer child."
I had a 4 month old all white husky that just recently passed away due to an illness. It’s sad seeing this now 😔
(His name was Castor, I even posted a picture of him on this subreddit)
Puppies are so much like small human children. 
MoThEr wAtCHeS cHiLd  DroWN tO FuCkiNG DeAtH iN LaKe!!!!!!! r/peoplefuckingdying
Good boye gets bamboozled by a water bowl
Moon Moon: the early years. 
The stunned, shameful fall back. 
Oof
W-water! My...my only weakness! - Husky Puppy, probably. 
He need some milk
Its as if he had a flashback to some horrific water-torture event
did it also sneeze while falling backwards?
For some reason, this reminded me of watching someone drive a manual transmission for the first time.
Stumbling into the water would have been enough for me but falling back with that dazed look was icing on an already adorable cake❤
The cold water gave him brain freeze.
This pupper has a bright future as a silent movie star.
"Yep, no college fund necessary for that one"
Your dog's in derp mode. Flip the switch to normal.
Same thing happens when I dip my face in a bowl of liquor this puppy ain't special

Quite amazing how we all start out with blank slates. 
Dramatic Husky
Check his tail right before he falls. That little shake... Did he get a brain freeze or something? 
My spirit animal
This could use the /r/michaelbaygifs treatment.
Nice to see baby photos of Moon Moon
Wet pupper is a cute pupper
Needs GTA 'WASTED' logo to appear. 
Water bowl : Omaewa now shinderu.

Puppy: NANI?! 

_Splash_
Heck son.....what the heck? 
:') So cute!
Thanks I needed this.


^(fuck you holidays! sorry ppl celebrating and happy)
Pupper used struggle! It’s super effective! Pupper is paralyzed!
moon moon childhood
The bark in the beginning was great. Watch this mom! Then the derpy cuteness proceeded.
A young moon moon
WE NEED TO PROTECT HIM
Dammit moon moon 
(Obligatory "it looks like" post)

It looks like he realizes the dire consequences of dipping his head in water and was like, "Awhhh!  What have I done?!"
That is SO ME!
😍
Question for the animalologists:  Can dogs find things funny?  Does mom-husky understand that what small-husky just did was hilarious?
u/georgiahippie I want one
Fuckin moon-moon
Husky machine broke
My heart! It can't handle the cuteness! 
Behold, the scion of the vicious wolves of the north. Take one gaze and fear.
Great now i have to vlog about dead bodies to feel manly again 
Maybe the water was cold and the puppy got brainfreeze
Adorable.
Clumsy should go with out saying for most Huskies, I swear my is half retarded sometimes. 

For such a beautiful, majestic animal, they can be really stupid at times.
That last ditch struggle wiggle of his tail just before he tips over in an attempt to stabilize, way too adorable!!!  

Take my heart with you puppy
Hahaha cute💗
Oh my gosh 💜
/u/jacobroberts45
The puppy totally staged that to try and win over the mothers attention. Didn't work.
u/PastelPurrfect, huskiiiies
Keep trying pupper you'll get it some day
*Season's Greetings from The Bowsers! As you may know we had a litter of three pups earlier this year, and they're all doing well! Ashley is already the lead dog in her Junior Sled Team Troop, Dylan had started training as a service dog and is getting top marks in his classes, and Carl, well, we love Carl.* 
I just showed this to my 2 year old daughter. She fell over she was laughing so hard.
Awwwww
I love how his tail goes straight when he face plants into the water.  
It's the almost-slow-motion-backwards fall that kills me. 
I see the reincarnation of Jerry Lewis is off to a good start.
I am proud of you son I..II MEAN *BORF*
Can this puppy be our president?  Just for the next 3 years?
My best friend Dalton had dogs that look similar to the ones on this image. 
We shall name him Dumbo!
Moon Moon Jr.
That's me as a dog.
Mesa clumsy
huskies might be one of the smarter breeds, but they're really dumb as hell
Huskies are my weakness 😀😀😀😀😀
Me after begrudgingly taking a shot of tequila knowing I can't handle it.
Moon Moon, the early days
*hello darkness my old friend*
First thing I have seen this morning. Today is going to be a good day.
There was a time this could have made you thousands of dollars from America's Funniest Home Videos. Now it generates money for YouTube.
Dammit Moon Moon!
hhaha awww so cute
Looked like a concussion for a second.  Or maybe it was momentary brain freeze 
This is me as a human
it falls back so slowly, looks like it suddenly goes slow-mo 
This is my spirit animal... lol
This belongs in r/peoplefuckingdying
Day brightener
Well he seems to be fine... I wonder what a human baby would do. Cry like a moron.
Wasted
It's not cute to the mom anymore lol...
Thought it said chunky...
Reminds me of my GSD. As the runt of the litter, she did the goofiest/clumsiest things and it was so adorable 
I like how the mother's just like "..meh".
major lel
He just gave up 😂😂
r/bettereveryloop
Clumsy cutie!
God dammnit Moon Moon
/u/KSmooove 
Cute!
Young Moon Moon
Moon Moon in Training.
I keep watching it trying to figure out exactly what the little thing was thinking at the height of the fall!

“What the HELL is that? Hahah let’s go see omg it’s awesome I’m gonna stick my face I..WAAARBBBBBBBLLLGGRRBBBLLLLLLLLLLEE.... nnnnnnnnnnnnnnggggggggggggg - flop - “
r/peoplefuckingdying
Timmmmbbberrrrr
That fucker knew exactly what he was doing
r/stoppedworking at the end
Precious!!!
This is my spirit animal. 
Someone pause it and put a laureal tag on it
I would like to hug these dogs

lol! look at the tail when its head is in the water! it looks electrifying! lol!!!
Y my face cold now??  Wat happening now?!
this is so cuute.
Actual footage of me lol
A short story of my Saturday night .. mingle, pound drinks, pass out drunk 
Precious💛
How does he even fall over like that? It's like the universe just decided to apply torque to him.
Meanwhile, dad is thinking "What the fuck is wrong with this one?"
Reddit in 2018 = Facebook in 2013
cute :D 

now can I have 20 comment Karma 

thank you, i love you all
Prediction for 2018
this cheered me up
Tongue twister fo’ that ass. 
Finish him!
S much drama in that fall!
Freaken drama queen 
Mum’s looking at him thinking WTF have I made?
This puppy is my spirit animal.
"LOOK MA I'M AN ORCA!"
The way he just falls back xD
I was not prepared for that level of clumsy adorableness
stone cold stunner!
It's clips like this that encourage folk to get themselves a husky, completely and utterly unprepared for the shitstorm that follows. 
This is amazing!
Her mom's like,"what am i gonna of him"
Mom is like the fuck got into this kid
This is the kind of stuff that helps me get through a working day. 
I died.
[His friend](https://youtu.be/NDt9eY277bA)
That husky is my spirit animal
Totally meant to do that.
Omg, its too cute <3
“Yep, that’s my son. He means well.”- Dog.
That looks more of an Alaskan klee kla than a huskey.
Adorable
Clearly he did that on purpose, what an attention-seeker.
🤣🤣 omg... made my day! Thank you! 
They call him The Clown Pupper
That one friend we all have who passes out after a beer

So adorable 
Someone turn this into a /r/wastedgifs
Husky are such a cute dogs
Husky = James harden
Bowl= random NBA defdender
I hate that dogs don’t laugh and stuff like this 
"welp, there he goes again being a doofus" - mom probably 
"I...uhhh...I meant to do that!"
WASTED
" I was not expecting that... " 
Chris Farley of dogs
aww
Clumsy husky puppy.... ^puppy ^monkey ^baby
Lovely.
too funny😂😂
Hahaha I can't stop laughing 
I love my huskies. They're all so wonderful!
Aw
LOL, Reminds me of that [Backflip puppy toy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGgbmvEeh3g)
When cold water gives you surprise
Me going in for that final marg on ladies night. 
Betty, you sure he is ours? 
/r/PeopleFuckingDying
that was awesome
It appears to me that puppy.exe has crashed and needs to be rebooted.
Did he fall into vodka and drank it all? 
Paging r/wastedgifs
Are those huskys or what breed dog is that
Tail goes into shock...cute.
Looks like he has a drinking problem.
Adorableeee
Puppy lesson #24:A face full of cold water can really stun you.
An evil ultra-realistic andriod was revealed once water caused a short-circuit.
All that's missing is the cartoon fall over noise
“WOAH THERE”
lol, acrobatics
Haha I actually just snorted
Accurate representation of my girlfriend on NYE.
wow
God that's adorable
"Did i create this?"
shut up and take my money
So. Damn. Refreshing.
going into 2018 like...
Definition of derp
"He's certainly your child" momma husky said to her mate soon after this.   
Do you think animals laugh inside?
"so, how's your day going?"
That is fucking amazing! SO cute!
Doggy suplex
Takes after his mother clearly
Plumsy Cusky Huppy
"I guess this is my life now" 
 
-Nard Dog
Stupid fucking animals
The puppy baptised itself 
It's like a doggo version of that scene from Grown Ups (? Kevin James, maybe Adam Sandler?). 

"I WANNA GET WATER WASTEDDD!!"
I thought that was chloroform in the bowl lol. 
Baby Moon Moon!
Best dog vid of 2018
not the bright but we still love him
Mama husky don't give a shit
LOOK WHAT I CAN DO!
The Ric Flair of doggos.
clumsky
"pLaY PlAY PlaY" " oH" 
SPLASH!!

Mom Huskie:  "Oh God! he takes after the old man! Poor pup."

Mama husky: I'm too old for this shit.
He dead... 
Very cute
I need him. In my life.
goddamnit moon moon
Moon Moon is reborn!
Heck
r/stoppedworking
LOL!!! faceplant!!!
so sweet .... cute
ohh, sometimes  i wake up in morning in same way..
Sorry, huskycare product warranty does not cover water damage. 
Well at least he took a bath 
God dammit son...
Clumsky
"just like ya damn daddy"
10/10 stuck landing on the mat
That y'all twitch, y'all

Oh how cute. Oh no, its retarded ;O
Holy taco I needed this today. Thank you OP!!
/r/moonmoon
There should be a subreddit for puppies falling backwards like that 
You should put this on r/eyebleach
Literally every one of my drunk friends, when I try to help them drink water... 
Me at everything
Lmao that's just Huskies in general hahaha 

Source: I own my own little constantly shedding bundle of ADHD with waaaay more energy than most think possible 💕
I love how parent dog watches on, half amused, prolly thinking "boy ain't right"
God I fucking love dogs man!!! They are just the best and I know without my puppers I would have killed myself. He litterly saved my life and is really the only reason I keep going. He would die from depression if something happened to me. He never leaves my side and I work from home so we are together 24/7. He is my whole world and I'm his. 
What horrible pet owners laughing at it’s misfortune. I’m sure the pup was very embarrassed 
System maulfunction 
Haha
Rofl xD so fucking cute
Fucking Moon moon is at it again.
aww so cute
omg the floop!
I want to be the 1000 comment.
My spirit animal, only much cuter.
I laughed more the sixth time I watched it.  More so the seventh.

And so on, and so on.
 He surprised himself
Moon moon! 
Got a 9 year old husky that did more or less the same thing today. They never grow up.
That was hilarious.
Moonmoon: the early years.
Moon moon in his younger years.
I'll take that one
I like to imagine the mother was just thinking "seriously?" When she saw her kid just... dunk themselves and practically faint because of it.
I need several. 
OMG...best thing I’ve seen all day
"That's the best water I've ever haaaaaaaaaaad"
That's me!
Those dogs are awesome and cute
He is so chubby.. so cute.. and so clumsy..
This is how I want to parent. 
Me, just trying to get through a regular day
I hope to one day own a Husky :)
This is me as a silent movie star.
Older husky is just like ".
That fall omf.
Dogs are the best
This puppy is my spirit animal.
"ARG! I've been slain!" 
The stages of life: with parent you nom and nibble, with grace of walking you do a lil esplore, when you age you drink from the water of knowledge, with knowledge you retreat and tumble into floof
Doggo sold the shit outta that water
Me after a keg stand.
The mom looks on with detached interest.
I too have a husky puppy, but he's clumsy because he's fat, rather than the breed.
u/malarcobra
Is that not a Malamute?
Mom - "You are stupid young one"
Poor pupper looked like he inhaled water. Hope he's okay though.
The class clown 
Me, when I went to the club for the first time.
He drowned 😟
Puppy wreck!! 
Why don't dogs laugh?
God that's me the day after a new year's party, crazier than a spiked Kangaroo.
Is he drunk? :P
[deleted]
The puppy is fine, right? This gif ended too soon…
I find Selena Gomez better, downvote!
This is the swan song of why vertical videos suck.
Autismborks.org
