"My mom said you can come over AND she got snacks!" 
Dog friends are the best friends
Tell me you fell in love w your neighbor and lived happily ever after?
Sometimes I click on shit like this to be like “nah that ain’t even cute” but that was cute as fuck.  
My mom's neighbor had a cat that would come over to play with her cat. 

I didn't believe her until I went to visit and saw this cat meowing outside her window until they opened the door to let him out. 
What childhood was like before cell phones. *knock knock knock* "Hey Mrs Bobby's mom, can Bobby come out and play?"
This just reminded me of this story. My mom was just telling me today that one of our relatives told her that their dog figured out that it could drag a sled by a rope up the hill and sled down it. They said that one afternoon they sat and counted and he dragged the sled up the hill and sled down it over 50 times he was just having a blast
I had two Boston Terrier's, male and female.  I had a fenced in yard but the girl could squeeze out a small hole if she so choosed.

My brother lived 5 houses  down the street and we shared a common alley.  He owned a Collie mix.  Sweetest girl I ever met. 

Not every time she was out, but when my girl wanted to see her buddy,  she would bust under the fence and make a b line straight to my brother's house

I would call him and tell him she would be there any second.  By now he would normally be hearing her scratch on the door. 


He would open the door and they would play, what we named, "head vs body". They would wrestle but the Collie was so gentle she would only use her head to wrestle the little Boston. 

They would play for awhile, then cuddle by his fireplace.  A few hours later I would get a call that to get ready because she was on her way home.  She would scratch his door and wanted to come home. 

I wish my dog still played with her best friend :(  She developed an auto-immune disease and hasn't played with him since she's been on meds.  Poor dude gave up trying to play with her and it's so sad.  
They were the bestest friends.  At least they still get excited to see each other like this gif.  

[Bestest](https://i.imgur.com/4nlr4vs.jpg) [friends](https://i.imgur.com/50epfY5.jpg)

Edit:
She has Steroid-Responsive Meningitis (SRMA).  [Here she is with her lovely spinal tap haircut.](https://i.imgur.com/doFZvW4.jpg)  [And when she first got sick before we started her on prednisone & gabapentin.](https://i.imgur.com/XS081WD.jpg)  She has relapsed 3 times, hoping this will be the last.  
The best friend is our neighbors dog so they are still happy to see each other once in a while but haven't played in a long time :(
holy shit dogs are so intelligent i love them 
My friend gave a way my Dogs best friend, she still looks at the house as we drive by and whimpers. :(
We used to have a neighbor dog who'd come up to our patio door to see if our dog could come out and play. It was very cute.
Gif not sufficient. I want to see more of their shenanigans!
Imagine hearing a knock at the door, then having to look your dog in the face and say, "It's for you."
Definitely border collie. They are ridiculously intelligent.
OMG DOG NEIGHBORS
We just put him down, but my boy Tiny would do this with my parents neighbor's dog. He'd go to their house, their dog would come to my parents. When my parents neighbors wouldn't let their dog out to come over, he'd jump on numerous items until he was able to get over the wall and hang out with Tiny. 

Hold on, I have some dust in my eye.
"omg omg omg. dude dude dude dude. lets go. Dude. dude. yay. omg. here we go!"
I need a neighbor like that!
Now I’m sitting here grinning like a heckin’ fool.
My dad and his fiancee lived in the same building as her parents in East Boston for a while a few years ago, one floor and a hallway apart; their dogs could take the elevator to see each other (or the stairs if the doors were open), regularly carrying messages tied to their collars and once carrying a bottle of wine! Their excitement to play with their "cousins"/besties was adorable :)
This strangely looks exactly like the hallway in that building...
This was just like our dog and a dog two houses down. He'd wait on the porch until I let him in. It was adorable but we had to move across town and our dog became really depressed. Then a few months later the same dog moved in two houses down from our new house. ( Actually for real, same direction even) and our dogs are inseparable.
Animal friendships are pure
r/gifsthatendtoosoon

Everything with happy animals ends too soon
Best Frens

/r/zoomies
i dont want to be dramatic here but this is the best thing i have ever fucking seen in my life
What kind of dog is the brown and white one?
My dog is best friends with our next door neighbor dog. He doesn't play with any of my relative's dogs but Ozzie and Buddy are the best of friends. Even got to have a sleepover when my family took a vacation for a few days! Friends are great.
My dog used to do this. I would let him out and he would run over to his best dog friend Harley’s house, two buildings down from ours. He would sit outside the door and wait for Harley to come and play with him. When Harley came out they would run and wrestle and “box” with each other and wear each other out just have the best time. They did this almost every day and it was part of the routine for the both of them. 

Then one day Harley’s dad killed himself at home.Harley was devastated and confused because he couldn’t understand what had happened. A week or two later Harley and the rest of the family moved away. 

For months, my dog would still go to Harley’s house and just sit there waiting. And waiting. He couldn’t understand what happened to his beast friend. 

It was heartbreaking to see and there wasn’t a damn thing we could do to help. 

Shit....sorry, didn’t mean to be a downer. It sucks when someone passes, but for our pets who spend most, of not all of their lives with us - they never understand why their human never came home. 

:( I’m going to go hug my puppy now, enough Reddit for one night. 
That just made me want to get another dog. I’d need a bigger bed first.
[deleted]
My dog had a best friend that lived across the street. We used to walk to the park and play together almost every day after work. On days we went over to hang out at their place, I wouldn’t leash her when we walked over and she would immediately know where we were going. She’d bolt across the street and sit on their steps until I caught up. 

They moved away after a few years. For months she would still perk up whenever she heard their front door or garage open while we walked by. It makes me really sad because we’ll see my neighbors again, but she’ll probably never see the dog again. 
omg they r prob a handful together..super cute
That. Is. Adorable.
I upvoted this before it even loaded. 
That is insanely adorable!
I was outside chatting with a friend when a dog trotted down the street past us and out of sight. Five minutes later it was running back down the street with another dog with him. A little while later they were back and a third dog had joined them. I just figured he was assembling the squad. 
Man sometimes I wish I was a dog with dog friends and a dog life, dogs have got it made!
Ugh my heart!
I got a puppy for my kids which pressured 2 other families in the neighborhood to fold and get puppies.  I would let me dog outside and he'd run to the across the street neighbors' to get their pup, then they'd both run down the street to get the other dog.  My guy would come home in a couple hours exhausted.  

The jerky old neighbor called the dog officer on them.  Made me mad since his dog crapped on my lawn everyday.  

 From then on they just howled to one another.  :(
But can I see videos of them playing? 
This is the best thing I’ve ever seen.
My and my sister's (also roommate) dogs do that every day, but since it's in the same house it's not cute...
#🎼 "Who let the dogs out!" 🎶

-- Crabby neighbor
I lub you pup!
Aww
Zoomie frends
Hi I want to get a dog In the near future. What breed is she?
I love that the brown dog came flying out, 
“I’m Freeeeeee”
OMG my old roommate has a dog that would come to my door to play with me (yeah me feeling so privileged haha), it’s so touching to see the other side of the door!! She doesn’t knock but would make noise to let me know she’s there. Seems like the dog in the video is making the same noice. I miss her a lot. One day I saw a Frenchie that looked like her in a park and went up to her without thinking and we literally hugged each other for seconds (it was a spontaneous act from both of us donno why). The owner was however not impressed.
I love how the friend comes back “lemme say hi to your mom first”
Well that's the cutest fuckin thing I've seen all day. 
I only like the posts on this subreddit if I actually say “aww” out loud. Sure enough, I did. Here’s a like
That is the most pure and wonderful thing I have seen today. It's 11:58 pm ATM so that is in an excellent close to my day! 
What breed is that dog?
OP, do you by any chance live in Framingham Massachusetts?
Hope you live on the first floor. I’ve got neighbors who let their dogs tear down the hall and even for just that short distance it’s annoying af. 


But this is absolutely adorable regardless 😍
We don’t deserve dogs .
"If you ask my mum if we can play, she'll say yes"
This is so fantastic! Thank you for sharing. 
That's the cutest thing I've ever seen!
Even if this was staged for the video, that was pretty damn cute 
It's been a long day - or at least that's my excuse - and watching this just made me tear up a little. Those two are such good buddies. Freakin dogs, man. They are just awesome. 
/r/likeus
Picking up your hood rat friend. To do hood rat things. 
Thanks for posting this. I needed to see something happy.
I think ill die if i don't see this every second i have left in this world.
This is the cutest thing ever!
This is the cutest!
I fucking love dogs so much 
Anyone know if this is a specific breed or a mix? I really like this little guy!

Looks like a Brittany/Border Collie mix almost :)
OH MY GOD SO PRECIOUS AND PURE
That's the cutest thing.
Holy crap, that's too cute. 
This warms my heart
Oh my god they love each other 
r/bettereveryloop
This reminds me of when my sister lived in Manhattan, her Wheaten Terrier used to play with the neighbors all of the time.
Barks in the hallway... :-\
I made vroom vroom sounds, anyone else?
Can James come out and play? - What Dog hears.
Bark - What humans hear.
What breed? Border collie?
😍
Dogs are the best. I don’t know what we’ve done to deserve them.
I’m sure your neighbors must *love* you
What breed is your dogm
See that's how I remember my childhood and seeing what people are up to. Now with social media I can see what they're thinking while theyre taking a shit and now I hate everyone. Thanks technology.
I am Crying. Thanks 
Awe ❤️
As if I didn't want a dog more. I love the loyalty a dog has to its friends, human or fellow pups.
Good to know you have a great neighbour living in the city, right on
true happiness 
The sweetest thing I've seen in a long time!
[Let me tell you 'bout my best friend!](https://youtu.be/_eiwpZS3Vqg)
That's a nice looking condo complex
Lol so cute. My neighbors dogs always come over to my house to play with my dogs. They always sit at the front door waiting for either my mom or dogs to answer. 
like best friends 
As a kid I remember a neighbour’s old chihuahua would walk from his house on the far end of our crescent just to admire my Pomeranian. Poor little guy had a spinal injury, but that didn’t stop him from coming by to see if my dog was outside.
and of course, they come back to your place so they can mess it up.......dogs 
Awwww! My heart! 
This is the best thing I've seen today! 😍
Such a cutie!
Hmm. I didn’t know I had a heart til I watched this. Strange.
Nice
So stinking cute! 
Seen it before...still deserves an upvote!
The neighbors on your floor must be very understanding 
I love dogs sfm
This would make picking up dog shit worth it. 
Just wondering if u got an egg
Hey, does anybody know the race of the first dog? It's god damn beautifull
He's cute
We don’t deserve dogs
!!!
I wish it was as easy to make friends for humans as it is for dogs.
CUTE
Oh, man. That's my giant rat terrier mix trying to hook up a date night with my ex'a golden! 
That was insanely cute!
And she came back with a Boxer! :D
They made me unreasonably happy. 
I love Brittany Spaniels. They are very smart and loyal. Damn good dogs.
Why does this make me sad?
Is there a version with sound?
I love everyone involved in this.  Thank you.  
What breed is she? 
Oh, man. That's my giant rat terrier mix trying to hook up a date night with my ex's golden! 
That is so cute!! ❤️❤️
Beautiful! :)
I wish i had friends too
Wish my dog was this cool
Dogs are so pure. 
what a trick for calling a friend 
Cute doggy!
Wonderful friendship
Elevated happiness:D   I hope they got to run abundantly out of doors!!!!
Elevated happiness:D   I hope they got to run abundantly out of doors!!!!
That is adorable.

btw never seen so many removed comments in a topic this innocent. 
First thing I thought was "poor border collie living in an apartment - needs a house with a big yard".   But then I see that nice long hallway and his doggie buddy and looks fine.   Lucky dogs running up and down as much as they want together!
I love this very much, but I'm a property manager of apartments and the number of complaints I would receive if dogs were running around the hallways playing would be plentiful! 

Believe me... I hate this part of my job. Let the dogs run free!
Oh, man. That's my giant rat terrier mix trying to hook up a date night with my ex's golden! 
That is adorable.

btw never seen so many removed comments in a topic this innocent. 
I also have such a good friend.
Aww
What happened to that top comment??
Is this in jacksonville?
I wonder if it's "confusing" for dogs/cats to live in apartment buildings. Like I've always grown up in houses with a lawn. But when you have apartments right next to each other I wonder if it just a giant tease for the dog/cat because they can smell the other one quite easily and there is no obvious separation (no lawn/outdoors) between the two apartments. "Why can't I go play with Rufus? I wish my owner would open the door to his room!"


This a hotel ? 
/r/likeus
I’m not crying, YOU’RE CRYING
That’s an interesting housing unit. Is this somewhere here in US? Must be East Coast
Someones in heat
[deleted]
2018 is the best year of the 2000's just because of this!!!
[removed]
Help us, /u/stabbot
And that’s why I love dogs. Would cats do this? He’ll no! As I’ve said in many-a posts I DESPISE CATS!
Dogs in an worker building??? Where is this magical place
Why aren't you her best friend? 
“Ayy what’s up my nibba”
[deleted]
