I love how animals basically trample on everything and everyone when they need to get comfortable
Im jealous at how comfy dogs can get on their first try. 
This is basically my wife. "HEY ARE YOU AWAKE, OK I'M GONNA LAY ON YOU"
that's what happens when you leave the Labradoor open
Wake up so we can sleep!
We ride together- We die together- Good boyz 4 lyfe.
I like how he’s careful not to step on his potential space heater.

My dog needs to learn this. “Oh, was that your junk I just stepped on?”
Raising two puppies at the same time?  The internet wants to have a word with you...
Aaaand, my ice cold heart melts completely...
If I don't stop watching these I'm going to do something stupid and go out and buy a puppy.     Gotta unsubscribe.
My German Shepherd and Yellow Lab both passed away in the last year. They were puppies together. This gif will make my whole family smile.
Me coming to bed with gf
Thank goodness for this before work. 
My naem is shep

I em reel smol  

I has big ears

What hears it all




An wen thee day

Comes to thee end

I climbs in crate

I snuggle fren


I try to do this with my dog but he licks my face too much.
That's me. I'm a cuddler. 

It's okay when it's someone I know, but strangers on the bus either love or hate me.
So sweet
Hey do you mind if I just.. ahh, yep. That's it. 
i have a yellow lab and now and have been thinking about getting a German Shepherd and this Gif might push me over the edge damnn you 
[removed]
How does this much cuteness exist?
Must animal species enjoys companionship. Sadly i hear time and time again from dog owners or cat owners that their pet doesn't need another companion as they spend plenty of time with their pet, they just forget that they sleep 8 hours every day and work 8 hours or more so thats 16 hours already every day their pet is alone. 

Or they will say oh but it will become less interested in me if i have another pet. That is definitely not my experience, quite the contrary. Pets give each other something that a human will never ever be able to provide. 
Omg adorable! Beautiful dogs! I wanna jump threw my phone and steal 'em! 

My roommate had 2 adult dogs when my 2 were puppies. Watching them play and cuddle together was the best thing ever!
Sleep tight pupper
Do you think the shape of a dogs head makes them cuddle better? Dogs can just wedge into a spot.
Too pure for this world!
Thats gay
Sweet love . 
<sings> “Let me tell ya bout my beeeest frienddddd”
My heart... my very masculine heart. I’m gonna go do some pushups and shit now, don’t mind me. 
Hooooow Sweet
I love the beds that fit perfectly in their crates, but man that seems like such potty risk especially for puppies that age.
We don’t deserve dogs 
/r/dogpile
My GSD does this as a full grown doggo. They are forever cuddly breed.
What’s on his right back leg at the beginning of the gif? Stitches from a surgery?
Dogmeat 😍
Too sweet!
Sweet!
Puppies grow really fast. A few months from now and they wont even fit in there.
Shepherd pups are so gorgeous. 
I love that puppies want to do this. If you look through my posts you can see the picture I posted a while back of my 9 month old Basset puppy sleeping on top of his nine-year-old Basset brother. He outweighed his brother considerably and was considerably larger even though he was considerably younger. He was so big it was hard to think of him as being a puppy. But he still loved to snuggle and when Barney, the older one, was dying of cancer, Murphy would curl up around him on the dog bed and keep him warm. It was so sweet.
This is the best thing I've ever seen😭😭😭
It’s so easy for my dogs to get comfortable. One of them will use the other as their pillow.
My heart aches now. 
/u/greenlanternx3 me when you're napping 
Paging /u/stabbot

EDIT: https://streamable.com/lf7ex
Fuck those chewey boxes. I have to load those into trucks at work and they’re heavy as fuck
awwwwwwwwww.
Is there a scientific reason why some dogs like to snuggle like this? Is it just for warmth or are some sort of doggy endorphins involved?
Now I feel even lonelier
Please post another one of them doing this a year from now. 
How come when I try this, ny friends get all weird and kick me out of their apartment?
As a diabetic, I don't think I'm supposed to watch things this sweet.
I fucking hate cuddling when I'm awake. I get to hot too easily and uncomfortable immediately. But I've had girl friends stay over knowing I hate cuddling. Apparently if i'm already sleep, I not only accept it, I go full cuddle/spoon mode. I didn't know until one of my friends talked to me the next day and said "I thought you hated cuddling?" I am the sleeping dog.

Reminds me of the episode in Friends where Joey and Chandler discover that that are ideal napping partners.
I got kicked out of my apartment today for a bullshit reason but this somehow made my day okay. 
I've always admired dog's/cat's ability to stay at the bottom of the pile for extended time periods.   

Could they be having the same thought as us, "i want to move but cat looks so comfy"?

Probably just too lazy.
I have a 12 year old male yellow lab and a two year old female German Shepherd. This post made me very happy. 
So, when you get a new puppy and get a new puppy book? They all say not to let new puppy in your bed. So, like, all my new puppies? In bed within the first half hour. I regret NOTHING! 
Cute puppo 
Aww this is so cute!!!
I’m so high rigjt now, bur this is the cutest thing i have ever seen in my life
This reminds me of my 20 month old son when he doesn’t feel well. He will call me to lay down with him in his bed (he sleeps in a  queen bed with bed rails now), he waits until I am comfortable and then he crawls over and lays on top of my chest/stomach. ❤️
I don't know who did what to make us deserve dogs but damn, Im glad they did! This made my day!
This reminds me a lot of my dogs when they were pups.

https://i.imgur.com/giIb0SJ.jpg
I like how the other dog is cool with it.
[removed]
“Hey man...he-yeah can I sleep here?...I’ll take your silence as a yes...ok I’ll just squeeze on in here...yeah...I’ll just-yeah ill just lay my head here.ok night nigh.”
Hay fren tyme for snuggs 
My naem is dog

And this my fren!

I want to sleep

By him again.

&nbsp;

My paws r big,

May step on face...

But I cuddle close

Cuz dis my place.
r/eyebleach
Adorable!!! Snuggling pups are the best!
Too fucking cute!!
BRB going to take a nap now
Wholesome.
When they grow up and have puppies, I want one.
cuddle puddle
I'm willing to bet he's just stealing his body warmth. 
Hey there bud.
Let's put them on Delta Economy seat and see what happen
Aww how sweet!!
If that's a puppy I'm a elephant 
Everyone should have a nap buddy.
Move your tail bae 
Right in the feels!
He nailed it though, that looks comfy as hell
Little spoon. <3
Awww that's awesome 😊
I do this with my dog too. You know, minus the cage.
This is too pure :’)
Its me on a house party
Man, I wish I had a little buddy to snuggle with :(
We bought our dogs two dog beds and although they hardly fit both at the same time in one, that's how they slept ever since... 
They’re gonna need a bigger cage.
We don't deserve dogs
Can i come to ?
Aww that's so cute.
That’s how I wake up at 4am when my dog wants to cuddle with me
Whoa, that is crazy ass cute!
This is god damned adorable.
Oh my goodness. <333 This is so cute I actually got teary-eyed.*.*
I've never been that comfortable in my entire life
Cute
Can I find a partner like this
hey its me ur blanket
my heart is crying
How long have they known each other, are they dating?  It's cool that it's acceptable for animal friends to just decide to snuggle and take a nap together.  No matter how long I've known my human friends, it's awkward and weird do that if it's not a significant other.
Ohhhhh this poked my heart 
Too much cute. Cannot compute. 
i love dogs
This is by far the cutest thing ever.
Omg awwwwwww
This made my day. Thank you. 
Too pure.
What a girthy tail. 
The best thing I have seen all year.
Ha
Someone get a mop because my heart just melted.
Aww my dog always does this too!
This is me and my husband!
That's so fucking precious lmao
That looks crazy cozy
“Puppy”
"This is... Acceptable..."
This is the purest thing 
No he a loner
Who's crying, Im not crying youre crying
I see your posts on imgur all the time! Good to know that you're consistent. 
We don’t deserve dogs
My heart melted 💔
Fuck thats too cutr for me
"Hey! Watch the pah, brah!" - the yellow lab probably
Sibling love..,
Mah heart... Itz gonna burst
Be still, my heart 
Goodest boys. 🐾🐶💕
So that’s what the kids are calling it now... “naps”
That dog still has it's rubber puppy tail
He's not even mad.
This is too cute!
I want this with a human lol
This is me and my bf tbh 
The look he gave at the end
Two Dog Night 🥁🎸🎶🎤🎤
Would love to take a nap there.
Of course he does...pupper pile up...
Aww, that's too adorable.
I had the exact "aww" reaction
Reminds me of my pup when he's trying to squeeze his way in the bed to make cuddle sandwiches
Hello brudder 
“I’m going to be little spoon. “
BROTHERHOOD IN PUPS.
THE REAL WARMTH OF FRIENDSHIP.
SUCH A GRACEFUL SIGHTING.
I wish I can have this as my phone background, I don't think I'd ever be sad again 
My dog needs a dog 😭
That's going to get crowded real soon. Also never seen the point of cages indoor... 
I have two puppies and they love to sleep on each other 
Best nap ever.
Super stoked on whomever is raising the dogs so well that they love not only their crate, but sibling's too.

Looks like a pink collar...  I think he might be a she.
Awwwwwwwwww
*melts*
I wish my dogs were this close. I bought them a huge bed they can share but they never do. They always sleep in separate places.

I think its partially due to one bring claustrophobic. 
Can someone ELI5 why some dogs do this and others want nothing to do with it? My dogs are super snuggly with me, get along with each other pretty well but never do this with each other, not even if they can both snuggle with me at the same time but in that case I think it’s a jealously factor. They get pretty pissed. MY HOOMAN!

Edit: Some words. 
Yeah but when I️ do it it’s considered gay. 
Oh what a good spoon.
That's me and my husband. 
Mah heart
I need both of them
I love this.... warm feeling inside 
Sometimes I wish I had gold to guild. This is one of those times. 
You know it fits the subreddit when you actually say "Aww".
Meanwhile, on topic, that's a beautiful GSD and cute video. Thanks
Because our bed is less comfortable when we’re apart 😁
It'll be even funnier once they get to full size and still do the same thing, only the sleeping one will be pushed against the side of the crate. 
I like you. Do you like me? 
Such cute overload 
r/eyebleach
r/animalsbeingbros 
HeY FREN
❤❤❤
wait, people can sleep without a dog?
Looks like me when I’m trying to cuddle my SO while he’s asleep
Literal cutest thing I've ever seen. 
"and I am just squeeze by in here.... Sorry about that"

That dog but in German
Adorable 
This is my pupper on me at night. 
puppy spooning
I don't know how it sounds,  but I'm pretty sure the German Shepherd was saying , " scooch" in 
dog-ese
*steps on face*
I’m just going to lay here for just a bit.
I wish everyone had this much gusto when trying to cuddle -- just go for it all and get in there, don't tip toe around.
My heart just melted 
best friends

I am a blanket. See!
I love it. I only owned a dachshund and any life form close to her would be subject to attempted murder.
“I’m just gonna snuggle right in here real quick, let me step on your face a bit andddd here we are”
Omg
There is only so much of this cuteness I can take, OP. I wasn’t ready..
We’ve all done this when the SO turns the other way
That’s a good lookin Shepherd.
I made this face :3
I said “aww” out loud 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1rI-kg2IGAI
I can't stop watching these cute puppers! :3
Cool 
Had a boxer that loved to sleep in the middle of my husband and I.  He was huge and when he stretched his legs In bed you knew it.   One morning while still sleeping I asked my husband to please get his paws off of my back
That little sigh at the end <3
Awwwwwwww
Sometimes you just need to see some puppies cuddling for a smile at the end of a hard week 💗
I better save this 
I wanna be the middle spoon!!!
I just said awww out loud
When its this fucking cold I would nap with my friend too
I have watched this 8 times already.
Awwwww
I love the other dog making room like, "alright come on in"
oh mah gerd awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
aww...
Their cage is too small, They have to sleep on top of each other,
🎼You got a frand in me 🎼
@aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaw
Me when I’m interrupting my bf’s Saturday afternoon nap
This is too cute 
Best nap ever.
Oh by the 9 divines it is impossible to properly articulate how cute this is. My icy rock of a "heart" just melts watching this gif loop. :(
Because our bed is less comfortable when we’re apart 😁
M0
I understand him, puppy number 2 seems seriously comfy.
When your girlfriend gets in bed.
Literal cutest thing I've ever seen. 
Just two baby friends
Cutest thing I’ve ever seen! Made my day! 
Wish I was a dog. So easy for them to be close to somebody. Haven't gotten a hug for about half a year and always have to go asleep alone... My life sucks
I literally said aww out loud and then noticed the name of this subreddit...
Holy dorable!!!!
Snuggle times
Awesome! You can't make this shit up!
Can someone tell me the benefit of keeping dogs in cages like that?
I dogsat a large pitbull for a week. We had just finished wrestling and went to lay down on the couch. He decided it was nap time and got up to go into his large crate. He stopped, looked back at me with a smile and waved his head towards the crate. He invited me to go lay down and it was one of the cutest things I've ever seen. 
[deleted]
I hate seeing cages like this for dogs, since my sister and her husband keep their dogs caged up in those tiny things for like 10 hours every day while they're both at work. 
HE BETTER NOT BE LAYING WITH ANOTHER MANDOG! THAT'S A DOG ABOMINATION AND THE PERSON FILMING DID NOTHING!!!!! WHITE GENOCIDE IS COMING, DARN IT!!!!!!
Can islep here floof 2. isaw a scary movie
r/aww should just be called r/natsdorf
Holy shit.
What sweet girls :)

EDIT: lol so I get downvoted for saying that the pups are girls, when they are in fact, female? Okay. 
[deleted]
The German shepherd is probably trying to steal his bed. They're very aplha. Maybe not though! 
Me too.  But ends up sexy time.  Not complaining though. 
This is disgusting! Where was the consent?

Title should be “P U P P E R does a nap with fren”
where did humans go wrong.... 
