Thanks for giving her a second chance
One of my cats did this when I took her home. She also slept alongside me for the first week. Enjoy the post-shelter super love while you can!
Aw looks like she's really grateful you rescued her
What a cutie. My heart is melting.
When my cats do that they are generally trying to kill me. 

She's lovely! 
You'll learn to shuffle rather than walk!
This is incredibly precious. I want to hug her!
Overweight, unloved at their last place and desperate for physical contact? Is this cat me?
You can’t just talk about her having a belly without a picture of her on her back!!!! We need it OP! 
You’re really good at Pong, cat edition

oh, she loves you so much!!! I'm so happy you found each other.  :)
She's adorable!
The most thankful kitten!
My heart has melted. This is too sweet and precious. Thank you for rescuing her!!! 
feline slalom
[deleted]
You are her territory now
I always considered myself a dog person, but this gives me second thoughts.
So glad you named your cat after me! I am truly honored
That is such a sweet story! 😻💕😍
"Mine... Mine.... Also mine... Mine..."
Favorite, very cute
So awesome!! We have 3 rescue black cats because apparently no-one wants to adopt black cats which made me so sad!! 

One I found on the street and had clearly trapped his tail in something as it was completely de-gloved and he was emaciated.... 3 years later 'Nubbin' is an absolute rockstar, crazy sweet purr monster, and twitches his nub while he chases me around for loving! 
She is marking you as hers. Nice cat!
We adopted our  cat when I was 7 months pregnant. We were a bit nervous but she is so sweet. She snuggled with my belly every night and after the baby was born she was curious but very gentle , never getting too close.  she is  very tolerant of toddler behavior. Now that I'm pregnant again she is snuggling my belly again.  We love her so much. 
That's very cute. 

On a side note, my fiancé is dying to know where you got your rug.

I understand your inbox is probably over flooding so no sweat if you totally miss this
Hey I have those same socks.
Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for thou art with me; 

Psalm 23:4
Maybe she just wants your socks.
I got my cat because my great aunt adopted an overweight feline from the shelter.

It was overweight because it was pregnant. And that's how I got my kitten.
That is fucking beautiful.
MY HEART❤❤❤ SO CUTE
Off topic but I'm wearing those same socks. 
After a while, they develop a sort of meaty plinth along their back, which allows them to balance on their back while sleeping.

[Example.](https://www.flickr.com/photos/dansdata/2798518065)

(No, we didn't overfeed Tom. He was quite a light eater, actually. If we fed him any less we would have had to jam vitamin pills down his neck to keep him alive. He was also, however, the single laziest cat to ever, occasionally, when he could be bothered, walk the earth.)
How precious!!! So happy for the both of you. She is so incredibly grateful.
Libbie Lovey ❤️
Awe "you saved me!!" Is what I feel like she's saying.
That is actually Libbie trying to trip you so it can take over your home.
You're a hero. That cat, in its own simplistic way, definitely thinks of you as "hero". 

Congrats. I hope you two have a great time together. 
I'm crying tears of joy for you both, this is the sweetest thing I've ever seen. My girl Zelda who passed away last year did something similar when I brought her home, she became my living scarf and furry parrot after that as her favourite place to be was always draped over or sitting on my shoulders. I'm so happy for you guys. 
Bright Blessings You Gorgeous Big Belly Cat Lover!!!!
Protip: get pants to match the cat. That way you don't need to roll of the fur off your pants as often.
What breed is she?
You mention her weight and age so I imagine she might have been at the shelter for quite some time, being passed over for younger cats. Until wonderful YOU came along! And she really seems to appreciate that, with all those leg rubs. I watched this like 10 times...so much love there! You won the adorable affectionate cat lottery big time!
If the whole scent-rubbing thing is true, then she's basically going "MINE! MINE! MINE!! STILL MINE!! 
Awwww, that's so cute!
She's adorable!! Give her all the lovin!!!
When we first got my cat, he would breathe in strange, short, quick breaths, and if you rubbed your hand down his side, he would turn and cry out and nip your hand. Turns out his former owner kicked him and broke his ribs. After much tender, loving care, he now is the most affectionate thing around. He is curled up next to my head, purring in my ear as I write. He sure has a way of wrapping my heart around his little paw!
Cat: I have to rub my scent all over this human. You belong to me now. 
That’s so beautiful ...
Pick her up and pet her!!
I love your rug.
quadruple fucking A, brother! I like what u did.
T H I C C 
This is going to end with one of you dying during a middle of the night trip to the bathroom. 
That is a red oak floor. But the new part in the kitchen is a different width than in the living room. 2 1/4 inch in the kitchen and 1 1/2 inch in the living room. My guess is a flood in the kitchen or a remodel in the kitchen. That caused the new floor to be put in. 
I adopted my Biskite (pronounced like a baked good) from a shelter almost 7 years ago. Her last family left her due to an “allergy” but I’m fairly certain that the family wanted the newer, less grumpy, less-broken tailed version and replaced my poor girl around Christmastime.

Since she was older, 6, she’d been at the shelter for almost three months by the time I’d gotten to her.  She was overweight (food hoarder in a room of a dozen other cats), and hissed/chomped at almost everyone that came in. What’s the first thing you do on a cat? Stroke their back.  Well, turns out, I think one of Grumpling’s previous owners (male, most likely) stepped on her tail and broke/sprained it in two places, as she has two kinks in her tail a foot-width apart.  No wonder she was chompy.  So I sat down in the plastic chair in the room and down she hopped from a shelf and up onto my lap. I was claimed. The staff were shocked.

So here I am 7 years later and Grumpling has been amazing. She got me through a really rough couple years, my almost failing out of grad school, a grandparent’s death, then almost not getting my PhD and now another grandparent’s death.  Every morning she climbs on my stomach as soon as she knows I’m awake and then moves to sit in my lap for several minutes before chirping at me it’s time for breakfast.  Each night she lies on my stomach to say good night.

I love my little grumpy furball so much. 

I’m going to be working abroad next fall and I can’t take her with me,  Thankfully my boyfriend said he’ll take care of her, but holy crap I’m going to miss her.
Beautiful.

Our dog chose us, went to the foster home. She was the only one interested in us. My daughter sat on the floor and puppy curled up and went to sleep on her lap. 
My cat on the other hand was given to me as she was the only one the elderly lady could catch. She came in a really bad way. Super skinny, white underbelly covered in flea poo. 
Had to bath and pick the fleas off her. She is now a fat 11 year old cat with likes to sleep all over the house and occasionally play.
Im laying here sick as hell with the flue when you can’t eat anything or It WILL make it’s way out, somehow...
If you drink a little water, you’ll shit A LOT of water, burning water.
It will feel like you shit lava.

Oh, sorry I forgott about the constant vomiting. That one is reeeeaaallly fun too. Especially when it smells like rotten egg fart, and taste like it to.
Almost makes you vomit more because of the taste and smell.
It WILL make you vomit more.

Well I just have one thing to tell you before I’ll go away and place ointment on my asshole.

This post made me smile today, thank you.
And give me your cat.
This is legit one of the absolute sweetest and heartfelt things I've seen on this subreddit. Thanks for giving me the feels in my chest and the wells in my eyes, good Samaritan. 
"You're mine, let me mark you with my scent so the other cats know. You're mine, let me mark you with my scent so the other cats know. You're mine, let me mark you with my scent so the other cats know. You're mine, let me mark you with my scent so the other cats know. You're mine, let me mark you with my scent so the other cats know. You're mine, let me mark you with my scent so the other cats know. You're mine, let me mark you with my scent so the other cats know. You're mine, let me mark you with my scent so the other cats know." - Cat, definitely.
My childhood cat Tom would do this, except he would flop down right in front of your feet, making it extremely difficult to not step on him.  But the best is when you started to pet him, he would purr so loud and start to drool uncontrollably.  It's been over 2 decades since I lost Tom and I still miss his drooling ass.  Probably what started my love for cats.
“You smell awful. Here, I'll fix it by making you smell like me!”
"My leg! My leg! Also my leg! That's my leg, too! Mine! That's mine. This is mine. My leg!" - Libbie, possibly.
Cute cat but vets don't say that because they think she doesn't look good they say that because it affects their health in more ways than you know. If a professional tells you to get your animal to lose weight, you do it. Nobody cares if you have a belly because it's your choice to have one. It's not your cats choice 
I thought my cat got under foot. Having a cat love you like that is a special experience. You expect that from dogs.
:)
Bless her! She's so happy to be with you, love her.
We had one like that... surprise 5 kittens later 
My Walt was the same exact way for like a week when we brought him home. He grew out of that, which just proves how much they understand their situation. 

He isn’t an affection needing cat, he was just so grateful. 
My cat used to walk out of nowhere and do this to me mid-stride. Pretty sure he was trying to kill me. Adorable and loving, but also a mini murder floof.
is that your new owner?
Happy Caturday to you!!!!
My cat did this for 14 years, even when he tripped us up. Never stopped doing it. It always provided everyone with a good laugh and we would jest about how he would trip any burglars if anyone tried.

Just lost the big guy on Christmas. RIP my old friend. I miss you dearly. 
You can still see your feet. I say you’re doing well.
Keep up walking like that and the bellies will be gone soon enough!
oh she luh u
Awwww you’re thawing my cold little heart!
Look at all the love in her little heart
You are HER human now and she’s gonna make sure everybody knows it! Congrats! 
My cat (Peaches) adopted me after she arrived with 5 kittens. After spaying and neutering her kitties and finding them a good home, no one wanted (now spayed ) mom so I kept her. She still “hates” me to this day.  She doesn’t mind when you pet her as long as it’s with your eyes.  She’s just not very loving like this kitty. But I think deep down she appreciates the wet food and the option of coming in to a warm bed every night. 
Hm. The cat at my school does a less affectionate version of this to me. Any ideas what it might want? When I walk away sometimes he chases after me and presses himself against my leg.

Besides food of course. He likes to walk up to his food bowl and just stare at me. 
The cat is actually a Rebel pilot and thinks your legs are that of an AT-AT...so its trying to kill you...
What a cutie! I hope you and her have many long years together!
Good for you! Fat cats are the sweetest, I adopted a 14 lb 9 year old a few months ago 
My little baby Stella was at the shelter for a month+ just because she was overweight and old. She’s 8. The moment I walked up to her cage she shot hp and started meowing. It was like love at first sight. She doesn’t leave my side ever. And so what if she’s a little chunky? So am I! She cuddles and follows me up and down my apartment. Shelter cats young or old are forever grateful that you took them home. Remember that!!!! 
If you know someone who says cats are mean or evil, show them an adopted/rescued one. 

My girlfriend has 10(yeah) caught from the streets and they’re, most of the time, 10 of the 11 most loving animals I’ve ever seen. 
Well she won't be tubby for long with that workout.
This simultaneously makes me so so happy and so so sad. I had a loving skinny stray that became my childhood cat after berating my mother to keep him. 

He used to do this very thing. He became a total fatty and we had to put him on a diet. You would never believe he was skin and bones when we first got him.

Miss you, simba.  
That is a very happy cat. We have two cats, the first I got as a kitten from an outdoor cats litter and she's my absolute baby; but an absolute asshole to my fiance. The second cat is a shelter kitten we adopted for my fiance. Second cat is a chubby, orange purring machine who's capacity to love, is only outmatched by her ability to produce the most heinous farts. We love her so goddamn much.
I've got those socks! They're pretty good. 
Good luck walking with any speed for the coming months. My cat does the same thing, I call it bouncy ball kitty. I may have accidentally punted him a few times. He tries to cross! 
Do make sure she loses weight though. That's critical. Fat cats aren't okay, and you're in a position to help one. Take her to a vet ASAP.
Cats have no boundaries. It's disgusting. Sometimes they will even go into my room (!!!) after a shower,!WITHOUT EVEN KNOCKING. Terrible behavior.
This foot? Mine. This foot? Also mine.
Aww i want that cat so bad
I love kitties
Wannit
that is one good looking kitty 
Well get her a kitty leash and walk when the neighborhood dogs aren't around. 
So precious! I wonder why such a sweetie was in a shelter?
I have those socks!
Thank you for adopting :)
Timberland socks! Nordstrom rack?
She is staking her claim on you!  You now belong to Libbie.
Sweet gosh almighty I am so happy right now! Bless the Beasts!
It's not the size of the animal that matters, it's how much they love you that does.

Oh yeah, you're her's lol. Sweet. 
Ah fuck my inside melt with every step
Okay, I wanna see more of this cat.
Adorable!
my cat does this!
SHE'S SO SWEET AND  SO HAPPY TO HAVE A HOME 😢
She loves you so much. You rock 🎸🎸
O Gawd we got one here exactly the same cat!!!!!! 
Mad props man
Looks like shes trying to mark her territory on you
So pure 
Tabbies are the absolute best!!!
This is so heartwarming!
I love this. Super cute.
My cat does this every time i walk down the stairs. Its pain from time to time. But what can you do. Your pet loves you. You gonna punish it for that ? Now when i think about it, Maybe it doesn't love me and wants me dead.....
so cute omfg
I’m a first-time cat owner, and I still haven’t gotten used to this. I can’t tell you the number of times per day that she almost sends me flying. I don’t know whether she just really, really loves me or is trying to kill me.
The grey cats are the best cats 
Maaaan so jealous. My kitty doesn't feel right atm. Been going to the vet the last couple of days, bu he (the cat) still doesn't feel lik eating. Tomorrow the vet is going to have a look at his blood. Don't know why I'm sharing this and whish you lots of joy with Ms. Cat!
What a sweetie
She'll love you forever! 
Bless you OP
Oh my goodness! She looks just like my Luna! 
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Perfect match! That's great!!!
It's like a magnet
and thus my day feels slightly less bad. :)
Beautiful cat man! 
This is super precious!!
This is the best thing I have seen all day
The weight can be lost easily! I mean, look at her! She looks like she can play forever. 
That’s so terribly cute!!!! Libbie the ankle snuggling kitty 
wow she is so cute...I need one
That's awesome
Fucking hell I'm not crying you're crying you bag of senselessness.
So sweet! She looks like my kitty with extra cuddles 
So many cat hugs! That is one thankful kitty. 
Das a happy kitty! 😻
That is awesome! Good human you are
My cat just bites me and runs away.
She’s so happy!! I’m happy for you both!

I have one in dog form. Every day is the best day of their lives! You hit the jackpot, friend. 
That cat looks and behaves better than me.
I need a cat! Or maybe two.
She probably never thought anyone would want her for a pet! 
u/yeoldsmith 
She found her person. That’s beautiful.
One of my grandparents barn kittens did this to me when I was very young. He was black so I was absolutely convinced it was because he was confusing my black rubber boots for other black kittens 
As a proud owner of three brown tabby rescues, I can confirm they are awesome! I love you Beverly, Link and Clifford!
I just adopted my first cat. She was the first cat I saw when I went in and after viewing all the cats, I knew she was the one. She came right up to me and starting purring and wanting affection. Her paperwork said she was ‘lovy dovy’ and it’s absolutely true! 

It’s something about her sweet half meow that tricks me into getting her a snack each time I go into the kitchen. She gets in my bed at night but with her, she must sit on my lap when I’m using the restroom. Everytime. #CatherineTheGreat 
Libbie is catching up on leg rubs, clearly. Enjoy her! I remember being so amazed and humbled  to see my rescue kitty come out of her shell and really make herself at home in my world. What a beautiful thing (: 
You are a great person, and Libbie is adorable!
This is just so sweet, she really loves you. Keep giving her that lovin she wants and I’ll bet she won’t disappoint you in the return of love either. You e got a friend for life now
TIMBERLAND SOCKS FTW!
Love the socks!
THIS IS SO SWEET AND PURE <3!!!
I haz home nowz, Wooz Hooz!!!
Ahhh so cute, right on!!!
Nice rug! Where's it from?
I love this so much!!!
This really made me go aww
I have a cat that did this. Unfortunately I also work at 5 am. It's pitch black when I get up, and she doesn't do this anymore.
I love her!!
Congratulations on your new furrever friend! ❤😻
FRISKYGIRL
YAY!!! CUTE OMG! MG! So Sweeet!

Where can I get that rug?
Shelter fed her too much food... that’s the reason the cat is fat 
You're awesome! 
I’m not crying you’re crying 
Cherish this precious gift you have been given!

Fat girls need love too.
cats are a blessing
She doesn't want love, she wants you to fall so she can feast on your flesh.
Just wanted to say I got the same socks as you! Also, super cute cat
Good job helping save a life.  Also, we have the same bowls.
Wonderful loving.  So much love and joy to be had.
HEY!  GIVE ME BACK MY CAT!

How are you even doing that?  He's sitting right next to me!
Fucking adorable

Everyone deserves a second chance 
She's beautiful. Congratulations on the new best friend.
libbie is so beautiful! thank you for adopting her and giving her another chance at love and a home. :) she looks like a lovely cuddly friend! i wish i could meet her
She’s like a little cat snake❤️
dope
I adopted an older cat with a belly a couple years ago. She's going to turn into your best friend <3
Aww, what a little angel! I love cats so much. Congrats to the mutual adoption. 
Cuddle zoomies
I LOVE HER
I have 3 cats doing that between my legs, AT THE SAME TIME.... 😫 I know they want to be fed, but I wish they would let me get to the bowl....
She is purrrfect in every way 
"*Oi! Fat jerk, hold still cuz there's a lot of you to mark!*"
This is too cute for words! She’s so happy ❤️
Are you sure thats not a dog pretending to be a cat. Thats suspicious amounts of love...
Bit of a tip, Cats instinctively drink less water than they need when it's next to their food. Best to place the two bowls on opposite side of the kitchen.
She looks like my baby that I lost almost a year ago. She was a bit heavy too. Please kiss her and tell her you love her for me. ♥️
TIL my cats are fat
That cat is fat with love.
She's wonderful! So pretty, too. 
Quality socks.

Cute cat.

Nice floor.

Have an updoot
Can anyone confirm: from what I understand, this isn’t super lovin’s, this is cat rubbing her scent onto everything she can to mark territory. I’ve always had the idea in my mind that cats, our evil overlords, only rub up on us because we smell too foreign (hence their affection after being out to work all day)
She's marking you with her scent and pheromones so other cats know you've been taken. Its like marriage. But with cats.
Thank so much for adopting her! All she wants is to be loved:)
Cats are awsome!
*aggressively marking territory*
So my wife went to get a cat from the local shelter when they told her about this pair of litter mates. The one was ok, but the other hated people. They even said they would waive the adoption fee if we took them both because they were worried if the more sociable one was adopted the other one may never be adopted. 

After a few weeks of work they love people. He used to hiss if you were even in the same room as them, but now is the first to hop in anyone's lap. Just shows that it just takes the right care to make most animals cuddle bears.
My cat still does that after 10 years together. It's so adorably annoying
Oooh, reminds me of our little rescue cat Vinnie. He lived in a shitty pet store window for a few years and bounced around from orphan kitty shelter to temporary home. When we adopted him he hid under the couch for a few days but slowly but surely with love, play time, treats and encouragement he is super adapted to home life. Everytime I walk in the house it's always mrow mrow mrow, and rubs against my legs. 

Good on ya. 
I have those exact same socks.
Aw! Libbie is my dog's name too! It means "my love" in Arabic. 
I could watch this on repeat, all day, until forever.
Anybody else scroll down to the gif the same speed as him walking and get super disoriented?
r/eyebleach
How would adopting a cat work for people with a night shift?  I work from midnight to 2pm four days a week.  Is it feasible to have a rescue cat with these hours?
We need more videos of Libbie
That’s so funny I recently adopted my cat and she does the same thing, follows me everywhere and has perfected walking between my legs without making me trip. Wish you a happy life with your new friend 
Hey I have those same socks!! 
You guys will lose your bellies in no time with all the walking you will do!
It is unkind to discuss a lady’s weight. :) 
Yaasss this is why cats are awesome! Happy new home Libbie!
More photos! 
This is the best thing ever. She’s so happy!! Congrats on your new friend OP! 

And more belly = more to love!
My cat does this... except she's trying to kill me.
Nah. It's just trying to trip and kill you.

Source: Have 2 cats.
Maybe the lesson here is don't trust what shelter folks say... if they bad mouth a pet, it's cuz that pet is probably a good one....
She's marking you. Cats have scent glands by their ears. You are hers now!
I am wearing those exact same socks as I type this.
She fat
With every step you take, she rubs up against you and is like, "uh huh yeah. my hooman.  my hooman. my hooman."
Okay but please also check her for itchy skin, fleas etc.  I'm sure you probably did but many times animals are trying to communicate an issue... And to ppl it isn't clear.  This also looks like marking you with scent glands on her head.  Thank you for saving this 🐱! 
It’s gotta be annoying having to watch where you step all the time
Not gonna lie, that looks super annoying.
This brought a tear to my eye. I can't say in words how much I appreciate you doing this. That cat is going to have a great home for many years to come.
Where’d you pick that rug up at?
Adorable. But that would also get annoying after awhile.
I have those socks 
Great socks. 
Hey I have socks just like that!
I can feel the hives. 
Those are excellent socks
What’s the deal with ‘adopting’ a cat but just letting it run outside? Is that okay to do?
We can’t have an indoor cat but we have a nice big private yard and can feed it and there’s plenty of mice and other neighbor cats...can you adopt a cat without having it be an indoor cat?
Plot Twist - the cat is actually trying to trip you to bring you to your end.

Jokes aside, this is absolutely adorable. 
Aggressive kitteh love is the best love.
Adorable! One of ours, shelter as well, does not leave us alone! So much attention and live... almost like they are showing their appreciation. 
Look how happy this sweet baby is to finally have a forever family. Thanks for adopting her. I hope she blesses you with many many years of snuggle-filled love!!!
I have those same socks. They're great!

Also cute cat.
Soooo cute! I have those same dishes. Enjoy your new FURever friend!
She’s adorable! Rescue cats are the best cats, which is probably why I now have five of them. Four were local strays but the first one I got from the shelter. He slept for a solid day, poor thing must have been relieved to finally have a home. We’ve been inseparable for seven wonderful years and counting.
She is going beyond showing you affection. She's actually putting in work to mark you as her property.

She is a beautiful cat and you are a wonderful person for adopting her. 
I'm wearing those exact pair of socks at this very meowment.
That's adorable.
Vicious cat attack!
Aawww....!! That's so adorable. Thank you for sharing. 
This made me cry... I miss my cats
Adorable!! 

Also where did you get that colourful rug? 
I have those same socks!

(cute cat btw)
So loving!
Awesome!
Oh lord, that is a cat who is going to love you forever. Don’t ever throw that away. It happens, but it’s rare. Just love and appreciate her as long as you can.
They are marking you, rubbing their scent on you to claim you. We think it's love. They know it's something much more sinister. 
We're they trying to discourage you from wanting her?? How adorable, I think she is trying to help you walk! How can human only walk on 2 legs! Do not fall human, I will help You!
You know I’m not a fan of cats and they’re ain’t found of me either, but this is too darn cute. 
Can I upvote twice, can I, can I, pleaseeee
That is sooo cute!!
My heart 😍
GIVE HER THE LOVE
My dogs do this, and get in the way every time. At the end of the day, I’m lucky that they love me and I love them.
who would win?

-2 thicc bois

-animal shelter
Trip you, cat. 
Aw. You're her saviour and she couldn't be more grateful.
OMG AHHHH!! So cute. 
I’m a funeral director, and our crematory operator texted me on my vacation last week saying a kitty had adopted us, sending pics of him to me. 
When I came back to work this morning, the moment I stepped out of my car, the little baby was rubbing allllll over me and YELLING and looked just like this. I’m so excited I have a kitty at work now, too. We have a box outside with blankets for him to sleep in now, too, and plenty of wet and dry food. ❤️❤️❤️ 
Absolutely adorable, but I can see that getting old reeeaaal quick. 
I need to know where you got that carpet...
I wish you good luck on your next marathon
10/10 you belong to that cat now.
Sock twinkies
We have those same food bowls in our house
I LOVE YOU

I have those same socks!
She's super cute
Yayy, I'm happy for you buddy! Great kitty there...
Hahaha whacky tabby
Sweet kitty 
Oh my god I’m so glad she is with you
Awww what a sweetie
That's so sweet. It looks like y'all are dancing. Sock scootin' boogie. 
Me in cat form... 
Like the tough socks
AWWWW awesome. Also I’m wearing the exact same socks right now. 
Please take before pictures so we can see what happens after your new family starts working out together.
Love her!

I just want to squish that cat and cuddle. So cute!
Mine. Mine. Mine. Mine. I thought you'd never find me and I'm never letting you go!
Thank you for opening your heart and your home to that sweet soul!
Looks a little like one of my cats
https://i.imgur.com/x82b4hb.jpg
Tabby love is the best love. 
Yeah you’re gonna get tired of that real quick once you start tripping over her. Cute cat tho! 
Hey I have those same socks. 

Sup sock twin!
What a babe!!!!! 
Looks like my boy Coltrane
That warms my heart <3
That's awesome!
Congratulations and thank you (for choosing a shelter animal)! She looks so happy to have you! 
Awwwh, overweight with love!!! 
[When OP and I are the same person](https://imgur.com/lH6bETB)
Those are great socks. Comfortable and good quality. 
Very cute. Thank you for rescuing her. 
This leg is mine. And this leg is mine.  Mine, mine, mine!
 bless ur soul
Foot cuddle after foot cuddle I fall in love. Don't judge me.
That is fucking adorable
Awww can you show us some more pics please ? Or tell us more about her story. I love to her cute story like this. Has she been purring up a storm? 
put her on a diet so she lives a long healthy life :) I wish someone controlled my food....

congrats. rescue animals know... 
I have those same socks! Love my timberline socks this time of year.
She’s a chunky ball of love!!! Congrats! 
I wish my cat was nice
I have those same socks. Good socks. 
Stop it. You're making me want to adopt a creature and I don't know im ready yet :(
Was she owner released? I am a cat rescue and she looks like she was previously owned so she is probably ecstatic to be out of that place and back with a loving human. I am thankful you saved her

I would pay good money for my cat to show me that level of affection 😭
Timberland socks are the best. They hold up well, wash after wash. Elastic always hangs on and they're pretty soft. Best bang for your buck on a 4 pack. Kohls, Macy's, Nordstrum's Rack are some places. 
Better words could not of been said. 
She's adorable!!! 😍😍😍
Now *that's* a happy cat.
I have the same socks
Nice 

I have those socks, and they're fantastic.
Aww, what a sweetheart!
look at all that love she has to give!!! 
youre making me want to get a cat and i dont even like cats.

My adopted kitten (now very adult cat) is like this too! She sleeps with me every night and loooves belly rubs!
You both sound wonderful. Thanks for all you do for your pets ❤️ they’re lucky to have you!
Lucky Libbie, lucky you.
SHE IS SO HAPPY ❤️😍😩
Cute cats aside, that's a dope rug. 
I like your rug. Where’d you get it?
That is an aggressively happy kitty. Congrats on your new addition!
Look into Tiki Cat chicken with egg canned food. It's got a great protein profile while being fairly low in fat. Might be a good option for her if you're looking for the perfect food. :)

Thanks for giving her a home. She's precious. 
she doesnt want love, she wants food. dont get ahead of yourself 
Sweet love.
I’ve got those socks 
I have those socks
This made my day. Thank you OP
Hell yeah, a leg!
*headbutt*
Hell yeah, a leg!
*headbutt* 
Hell yeah, a leg!
*headbutt*
My cat does something similar buy i think she's trying to trip me
We have the same socks. 
`Rule 1
I recognized the socks, and got scared. I have the exact same pair
Our 1year old labrador does the same thing when we walk, her name is Trip. 
Rescue animals really do seem to know.
Oh my goodness, I have a tabby kitten who does this, too! It's super cute! Well, except when I'm near stairs. XD Still, she's a real sweetheart!
My names Libbie! What made you choose the name?
That's an adorable clip too! 

"This is my leg, and this is my leg, and this is my leg..."
     —Cat 😽
That looks hazardous 
this is almost dog level of love! very nice
That is a happy cat.
Such a sweet kitty!  Cats rock to the nth degree!
So, you can no longer identify with the song, "I want to know what love is" because that, that is love.


Good owner.
THAT is a lovey cat. you lucked out! 
I'm wearing those same socks right now.
Fat, squishy, huggable cats are the best cats. 
Got a shelter cat too, Tipper. She was a bit pudgey too...bit worse now. 😂

Had another cat (was 17 years old, Midnight), a rambunctious Boston Terrier (Mo), and a 17 year old mutt (Gerty). 

Tipper hid for a week under my bed (had food in room and kittybox was close) then another week to cozy up to me. After that I put her food where the other pets were. She slowly came out of her shell.

My other cat (stray we took in) was never human friendly so it was a shock to me at how affectionate Tipper is.

The following year we lost both of the older ones so it just Tipper and Mo. Tipper ALWAYS wants some loving. 

Do wish she will stop waking me up at 4 or 5 in the morning for food. And again 12 hours later. But I love her. Had her now 4 years. Beautiful tortoise shell cat.
Aren't those Timberland socks the best! I'm wearing the same color right now!
I feel a bond with you because we have the same socks
You just made that cat the happiest kitty ever. 
Got the same socks, they are sweet!
I call I the kitty shuffle. I adopted two cats and one did that with me wherever I went. 
I thought this was the cat's exercise plan. 
I’ve never met a tabby who wasn’t this cuddly.  It’s crazy!
Our chubby adoptee still shows us super love and we've had her for about 8 months now. Every night she sleeps on top of us. 
Is that Jingle bells from Dublin spca?
precious i love her
Those are some good love rubs right there. Lucky you! 
I have the same socks. They're pretty good socks.
Oh my gosh, I just love her so much. Congratulations on your new precious baby!
This is my nirvana! I keep watching Libbie love on you over and over. Wish my Teddy was this cuddly.
She is saying "Thank you" with every step!
I LOVE HER thank you for bringing her home with you 
Can we see both your bellies?
My cats have the "waddle" when they run it's so cute, 
Okay, I think it's time I adopted a cat. She is adorable!
wholesome as fuck
Bless you.  If I had gold, you would be the beneficiary.  :)
That’s how my grandmother died.
That is one grateful, lovey-dovey feline. Congrats on your new family member!
Aww I have belly too
How sweet, she’s thanking you. Warms my heart.
My 15yr old she cat has an even fatter belly and hates me, just wants more feeds.   
one of my cats name is Libby!! 😊
I got the same socks! And oh..cute cat 😊
Do the Libbie-dance 😍
I’m pretty sure the shelter didn’t say that. Enjoy your cat
Not sure if it’s been mentioned yet, but Libbie means “my heart” in Assyrian. Perfect name for such a sweet kitty. 
my shelter kitty will still come into my office and fall asleep either on my lap or on my computer tower, she is always near me.  I've had her for over a year

/u/disnerd294 I WANT THAT CAT
My shelter cat did the same thing! I thought it was cute at first but it became very cumbersome after a few days. Be very careful about her energy levels, because now my cat ALWAYS wants to play.
Could you take a pic of your cat's face ;3
Good people. 
That is just the cutest thing. What a love.
Awwwww! What a sweet kitty! 
I'm wearing the same socks right now 
I have the same socks 
She has the PERFECT AMOUNT OF BELLY!!
AmAzing!! Enjoy her!!!
Loverly 
I have those socks, 11/10 would recommend to a friend.
Fuuuuuck that’s awesome.  I want a pet sooooo bad
This makes me so happy. Congrats on the new baby. What a sweetie! 
What a sweetheart!
😍😍😍
But she’s so cute how could you resist adopting her?!?!?
Awww dude, that cat loves you so much!
She's so fucking happy! What a sweetheart.  
Hey I have those socks!
Bless you. Love returned ten-fold, it seems.
You are awesome! Thank you for adopting!!!!
She is so sweet I want to cry. I can't handle it!
she is a liquid, so are you swimming?
I love affectionate animals!  Also, I have those socks... they're very comfy.
Your car looks and acts identical to my car. God speed my friend.  Mine is rapey with it’s affection.
That's a good girl, Libbie!!! :-) All the loves for you, sweet little one!
This is r/noisygifs worthy.
What a sweet baby!! Thank you for adopting and enjoy your new family member!
that is one super fuckin happy cat.  Good on you for adopting!
 What an adorable cat! 
Just lost my cat a few weeks ago, this warms my heart to see. There’s absolutely nothing better than the love of your cat
We have the same rug. So great for furr babies.
My cat does the same thing. It's really cute until you trip and your nose is bleeding everywhere. 
You gotta pick that cat up.
Omgosh!! I LOVE HER!!!!! Such a love bug 😍
I read it as "Homeless shelter" and wondered the heck it made it on this sub
Awww... Libbie is a sweetie

Cats are the greatest. 
Is it bad that things like these just make me cry
Just wait until the thankfulness wears off and she will be the little Shit of a cat we all know and love lol
Oh man, I have the same Timberland socks. So comfy. 
She is scenting you up something fierce, because she love you.
Oh my god she’s smitten with you! 
I own this one... and this one... and this one... and this one... 
That’s adorable.  
So cute!
She's saying 'you're mine, you're mine, you're mine!' !!!

They claim people by rubbing their faces on them:)
I just said, out loud, "AWWWW!!" 

I am so fucking jealous of your cat. 
I’ve got a cat named Libby as well! Love to you and your Libby!
Warms my heart :)
I have those same food bowls lol.
This is so cool and I'm so jealous.
What a love she is!
Cats that do this are trying to murder you. 
Dawwwww! Our furrbutt was in the shelter for 4 years, was a grumpy ass at the shelter, but turned into that lover you've got when we brought him home.  2.5 years on and I still can't walk half the time because of kitty slaloms!  However, he also smacks me and bites my ankle if I leave without permission, and right now he is baying in rage and betrayal because I dared to have a bath.  Awwww cats...they are cruel masters/mistresses :). Enjoy your furrbutt!
I have the same socks as u nice cat
Kitty Soccer
I have those same socks.
I don't know why, but I get the feeling your home is cozy. 
Perfect! Now do this for like a few miles a week and you're set!
I LOVE when people adopt adult cats. They need love just as much as kittens!
Yep. That’s adorable 
Broooo I got those same socks. Can never find two of the same colour though. Like your cat btw 
FUCKING ADORABLE 
My 19-year-old cat is at the clinic overnight and I don't know what to do with myself because I miss her so much. She's always by my side or yelling at me from another room, so this is weird. 
If the cat shitposts on websites for attention it’s going to be a trifecta 
Awww, looks like my wylie cat!!! 17 years, RIP
ah I wish I wasn't allergic to cats so I could enjoy this and the many stories posted on this thread. But my dogs do me just fine :)
Holy hell

I have those socks too
You’ve been claimed!
"friction-powered" kitty. 
We have 3 shelter dogs and one shelter cat. They all sleep in my bed, and when  tell them I-m laying down, they all move to make room, atwakes me up by booping my eye lid
This video made me mad at my cat for not loving me this much. 
That is absolutely adorable. Kudos to you for adopting.
Ready for kittens?
"she phat."

"lol same"


Fantastic pair of socks
My cat does this every single time I take the stairs in my home at night. And I didn't even rescue him
She seems lovely but I mean this next part with best intentions for your own safety. Please be careful with a cat that loving when you are going down the stairs. I almost trip on a monthly basis because my cats chase me down the stairs to cuddle in front of our fire place.
I have those exact socks 
I have the same socks. I love them. Also nice cat
What a doll 
That is just too freakin cute!  That cat has so much love to give!!
That's adorable.. also very nerve racking. "Gotta make sure I don't step on any toes!" Ugh, it's the worse.. more so at night, my cat just disappears in the dark man
Happy tears :') sweet kitty. Thank you so much for adopting her!
OMG she's precious!  I'm so happy for her, and you! <3 

God bless you. I know that, in a perfect world, every animal (cat, dog or whatever) would find a home from the shelter. Of course, this is next to impossible to achieve. At the very least, it makes me feel better knowing that some animals out there get to find the perfect home for them at some point.
/u/greenlanternx3 oh my gawddddddddd
True love
Hey I have those same socks! Hands down the best socks I have ever owned. Actually went out of my way to buy some more years after also
Make sure she gets checked for parasites! Big bellies can be because of worms. No worries, if confirmed it’s just some simple pills and they all get pooped out in like a day or two. 
This is so fucking adorable 
Omigosh, that cat is sooooo loving! I'm uber jealous! My cat loves on me ONLY when no one else is home. She doesn't love on them at all. 
That cats marking the shit out of its territory 
Your legs belong to her now. 
I have a fat cat too. They're freaking awesome. 
Hey! We have the exact same socks!
this is just what i needed right now. thank you :)
Awwww. Chubbies like us need love too. 
Freaking awwwww
BLESS you for adopting this beautiful princess..
I would love that cat.

I have a similar experience.. saw a cat I liked, but didn't have any money. I asked if they hold cats, but they do not. Cat could be killed at any time.

It was 2 weeks until I got paid again I believe. Once I got my paycheck I cashed it and rushed to the shelter. When I got there I quickly looked around, even though I knew which cat I wanted.

Another cat had it's paws out through the bars in the cage at me. I instantly knew that was the cat I wanted I wanted. The guy took him out he was nervous and clawed his shirt as he held him. Didn't matter to me. I knew that was the cat.

Cost me $30. I often say it was the best $30 I ever spent. Had him for around 8 or 9 years. He shook paws like a dog would. He was so grateful to be out of the cage and into a larger world.
 Nice socks
My wife and I just adopted a four year old cat from our local shelter and she is the most affectionate animal I have ever had.
Welcome home libbie 😁
You’re  Mine, Mine, Mine!
That kitty already loves you so much 
Totally thought she was a squirrel from the thumbnail 
We just adopted a shelter cat last week. Her name is Bowes, and she's been at the shelter for 7 years before we adopted her, so she knows no other place. In this time, we've been elated for her just eating at all, we're beyond excited when she actually ate out in the open in front of us, and you can't imagine how good we felt when she even played with a laser pointer. She's even eaten out of our hands now, though still not comfortable with petting. It's been such a journey, and we're still not really close to letting her check out more than just the one room of the house. 

I'm glad to see how well your kitty is doing, and look forward to when mine gets more comfortable with her surroundings. 
‘Cause you gave her not I just a home, but someone to relate to.  Well done, man
Oh my god I love her! She is fabulous!
She is adorable!
I'm dying lol
What a little sweetie!
So happy you saved her.
This is why I am now a cat lover.

I have 2 cats and they adore cuddles, much to the surprise of cat haters.
Are you sure you both aren't pregnant ?
Grats on the new cat!!
That reminds me of one of a cat we used to have. His name was Oliver and he absolutely loved my dad! But sometimes he would get a little *too* excited and start chasing my dad around the house, nipping at his ankles until my dad sat down to pet him lol.

Libbie is a cute, congrats on being adopted 😉
More weight means more fluffiness for cuddles.
Soon you will love this cat more than you can ever imagine 
Dude... That's not love... That cats actually trying to kill you. Did you ask what happened to the previous owner? Or the one before that? Get out!
Think I found the sister to my overly affectionate tabby
She's a slinky, bouncing from step to step
Im wearing the same socks!
I have those socks too! They’re comfy.
Fuuuucking awesome!!!
Nothing is making me happier than this
Let's see both bellies so we can compare :)
My newest rescue kitty purrs as soon as you pick her up 😍
What a nice Kitty!
I miss my affectionate shelter kitty. RIP wherever loving calico kitties end up, Callie. Yeah, we were real original when we named her.
Omg, this is so super-sweet!
Cool kitty
You did good! That cat is so happy now!
She's just marking you as her property. You must now rub belly and feed on her command.
Good luck going to the bathroom
I have those same socks so this was some next level POV shit for me.
My cat is afraid of my feet when I’m standing.  :/
Anyone wants to tell my the science why they do this?
Your floor is beautiful 
My cats name was Libby too. My first cat. I miss her so much. 
We have the same socks :)
This is adorable 
I too, have those socks. 
Dangg if that cat is overweight then my cat is straight up obese 
I'm sad, This video makes me really wish I could have a cat.  I really love cats but can't have one because of my allergies and Asthma.
Super loveable! Who wouldn't want such a sweetie?
I am loving all the cat people comments so much. 
Are you looking to fall down the stairs??


Because THAT'S how you fall down some stairs.
Had to put my 18 lb cat on pure protein diet (Fancyfeast canned without gravy). She started out at less than 10 lbs at age 8 mos, had been bullied at the shelter for food, was long and slinky.  We named her Slither. She ballooned up with a steady source of food. Got her down to 13-14 lbs now, she looks more like her name.
Kitty seems very sweet and is lucky you rescued her. Please put her on a diet though, so she can have the longest, healthiest life she can.

One of ours went from being over 17lbs to about 11.5lbs and still losing!
I used to live with a cat named Libby who looked and acted just like that! She looks very loving.
Those socks are the best. 
Love those Timberland socks
I try my best to get my dog to do this... but his version is licking me in the fucking mouth
No idea who this Shelter guy is, but he's sort of a prick
I just adopted two bobtails and seeing your cats tail freaked me out for a second until I remembered my cats are the weird ones! 
that won’t get annoying 
Its lots to love
This is the frigging sweetest god damn thing. 
why can’t my cats show me this much love? 
Do you have the green socks too?
I love her! 
Cuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuúüùūûutéèêēë
nice suitable name.
 This cat is so sweet. Omg
Awwwwwwwwwwwwww
You should post more about this kitty
That’s a good kitty, right there. 
so so sweet :D
Stupid question, is this like thankfulness or does the cat have some other motive for doing this.
I LOVE YOU, LIBBIE!! 
This is just precious. The unconditional love. Or want of food. Still, Precious. 
yeah, the cat looks fat
The cat turns to food, legs block it. Cat turns to ball, leg blocks it. I figure that Libbie eventually gave up.
