r/dogswithjobs
Is this what they mean by 'sled dog?'
I know that dog! His name is Truckee and he a avi dog at heavenly mountain resort in South Lake Tahoe. He loves sliding 
me: turn left...left...TURN LEFT
/r/gifsthatendtoosoon
some say he is still sliding to this day
That is hilarious.  My old boy would have done that if he could.  He was a black lab that would spend all day hanging out in the snowy yard when it was 15 degrees F.
He’s just cooling off after sweeps last March I think it was. Somehow the end of the video was cut off but he does flip himself over and starts running again.  
Follow him on Instagram: @truckeetheavalanchedog  
I have the full video uploaded there. 
I try to keep it exciting but he’s always at work in the winter w his dad, and guys don’t remember to post badass pictures to Instagram. Lol Glad you all like the video.  There’s no cliff, it’s off Ridge Run at Heavenly when he was working at Sky Patrol. Sometimes he just slides down the mountain at the end of the day, sometimes he jogs slowly side to side so it’s not hard on his body, other times he’s on the back of a sled or loads up on my bf’s shoulders. Cheers everyone. 
https://i.imgur.com/92Ht573.gifv
tahoe area? heavenly or northstar?
I genuinely wonder how many dogs have gone off cliffs doing this.... is sledding a learned trait from watching humans? Does this happen in the wild?
Hes part of the Jamaican Dogsled team
SLIPPERY BOI 
[Here is an article from when this video went viral](http://ktla.com/2017/03/11/video-shows-south-lake-tahoe-avalanche-rescue-dog-unwinding-after-day-of-work-by-sliding-down-the-slopes/)

[The ski resort also did a short video on the dog](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1i8N4W_w7_Y)
Very enthusiastic and a great work ethic I would hire him.
This dog shreds
This is pure snow! It's everywhere! Do you have any idea what the street value of this mountain is?
For something to be fun enough to drag your junk through snow, that's what I'm missing.
Did pupper make it down the hill?!?! I need to know if he's okay
/r/sweatypaws
Gorgeous scenery! Where is this?
HELP. HELP!!!

OH no buster someone needs our help.


Don't worry Garry we will get there when we get there. Follow my lead.
I was a bit worried the doggy couldn't stop and was gonna crash through a Walmart.
Man it sure doesn't feel great to know that a dog can ski better than me
It's like when you kill a wolf on a mountain in Skyrim. Lol
"This is normal"

-dog
At first glance, I thought the black of the tree line was the edge of a cliff and that good boye was headed to certain doom. 
Two things come to mind: 
1: this is the happiest dog I have ever seen
2: please don't hit a tree sweet boy 
Getting in some good belly and side scritches.
I thought it was approaching a cliff at first. I’m very released that my eyes were just playing tricks on me. 
Can I sign up for this dog’s job?
Love how he grabs some snacks as he goes along. 
He’s a good boy. 
Ha it’s a dog sled 
Remember sliding down those hot metal slides in the summer as a kid? This isn’t like that at all.
I love him so much.
"In top news, tesla introduces autopilot mode for search and rescue dogs"
Snowboardercollie
That dog is more of a skier than I'll ever be.
Can’t help but feel uneasy as he gets closer to that lowered treelike/what looks like the edge 
This dog fucking loves cocaine
I watched this ten times, laugh-cried, and sent it to a group chat of snowboarders and watched them do the same on the thread. Well done. 
That's actually how dogs are trained to search for people in avalanches.
You could say the dog was lying down on the job. ;)
All this just for one pesky itch.
Stupid question. I get that dogs have fur to protect from the cold but wouldn't jumping on snow get them cold? 
[Relevant xkcd.](https://xkcd.com/417/)
DEJA VU
RESCUE BOYE
rescue doggo

here i go

sliding down the lovely snow

i sniff and sniff along the track

hoping to find a peoples trapped

so i can gets a tasty snack

slidey slidey down the hill

i love to help these humans still

but i do like a smacko meal. :)
If I went to work like this daily, I would be complete.
Give this dog a beer commercial. 
He is not a sled-dog, but he is a dog-sled.
„Welcome to the beginner‘s group. First of all we need to learn how to slide correctly after falling. I‘ll demonstrate and you keep following my raised paw, please“
Is anyone else getting sweaty palms as he approaches the ledge??
That is hilarious. My old boy would have done that if he could. He was a black lab that would spend all day hanging out in the snowy yard when it was 15 degrees F.


I can't believe people are asking "how dos he stop?".

He's got four-wheel drive.
Labs love water in all its forms
That is the happiest dog in the world. 
Are we going to need to send a recuse dog to rescue dog?
legend has it he is still sliding to this very day
Dear God... The coefficient of friction under that dog is null! He could go on like this forever!! 
Everybody say 'Colorado'!

IM A DOG
ok I am really concerned that doggo is about to go careening off a cliff  :(
Am I the only one worried he’s gonna fall off the mountain?
I wish I could do that...
*Well, this is my life now. And I like it.*
On this day, all of his itches were scratched. 
That dog and I have very similar riding styles. I'm not very good at snowboarding...
Is that Mookie from Vail?? I miss that pupper...
Sled dog
Sled dog
WE NEED MORE
Tahoe?
YOU DO YOU DOG! SLIDE THE SHIT OUT THAT SNOW AGAIN!  FUCK THE OTHER BITCHES
But what if he can't control himself and needs help 😦
What a maverick
If i remember from the last time this was posted, this is after a dozen or more hours searching for people lost in an avalanche and the dog just kinda did this after
This is the best thing ever.
[Multi-paw drifing?!](https://gifsound.com/?gifv=BpIDwOX&v=dv13gl0a-FA&s=28)
legend has it he is still sliding to this very day
This is the best thing I've seen all year.
It's like a neverending petting given by a mountainside
The ultimate back scratch.
/r/gifsthatendtoosoon is calling. 

I want to see the youtube! 
Legend says he's still sliding down that hill...
Oh shit. Reddit is gonna love dis. 
r/dogswithjobs on their break
Sure looks like fun.

Dogsled
I like when he chomps out and has a little snow snack during the start of the slide.
This is the most peaceful thing 
No Reddit post has ever made me happier
This dog looks like it is heading straight for a cliff.
Hell, I wish I loved my job that much.
I'm going to learn to snowboard because of this

 for real
This makes me really want to learn how to snowboard
Is this in Tahoe? Looks beautiful
AWW
Dog life!
Go Doggo Go!
Wish we could all love our jobs this much. 
Sooo awesome 
Nature sure did give us some gifts
If he were my dog, I’d name him Shredder.
What a very good boy. Also this looks like fun.
It ain’t work if you love it.
Lucky dog.
One paw up for stability.
There's no need to fear, Underdog is here!
Let the dog ski. 
How does he stop
I wonder if dogs know they are working or it's just sort of their daily life. 
Pioneers used to ride those babies for days!
I love how he’s eating the snow on the way
Dog sled.
I want to love my job just as much as this dog does. 
This way hooman! Follow meeeeeeeeeeee
I wish I could love my job like that
I’m exactly the same when I start on the powder
Happiest dog in the world. Would love to get blazed and ride down the mountain with him
Ends too soon.
Wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
"Loving everything too much" is part of the AKC breed standard for the Labrador Retriever. 
Well done post ! First class ad ! 
/r/justdogthings
Double-diamond dog.
There goes my hero ... 🎶
Ahh the classic sport of dog sledding.  
Is he using his tail to steer?!
Pizza. Pizza! PIZZA. PIZZAAAAAAAH!
I wish I could enjoy life like a dog 
S L I D E Y B O Y E
Some say he's still sliding to this very day 
“Hooman! I’m coming to save yuu mon!” *Passes human* “Hooman! I’ll be right with yuu afta I find dem brakes!”
99% upvoted. Like the highest I've ever seen for a post on frontpage and I have to agree. This is amazing. 
This dog, he gets it. Slide baby slide. 
I would love to be able to experience happy dog memories when I'm sad. I feel like this moment is so full of joy. 
Serious question because I’ve seen this I think 6-7 times now posted and it looks like a poorer quality.  Is a repost automatically downscaled or is it a product of some other process?
Some say he's still going to this day
What kind of snake is that?
Looks like Tahoe?
This by far is my favorite post  EVER!!!!!!
Reminds me of the Mario 64 level with the baby penguin!
If you love your job, you’ll never work a day in your life.
I hope his job isn't to track lost or injured skiers or something... Heh.
That's one cool dog
every dog has its day
Nonsense! The sweetheart deserves it. Slide on, pal!
What I wanna know is how is he sliding so effortlessly? That looks hella fun 
Is he a perpetual motion machine?
Oh my goodness. This dog is my hero. 
lake tahoe? 
He's working, relaxing, scratching his back, and playing all at the same time. 
is that dog okay? 
I would be so scared of him / her falling off the side of that run...
Thanks! Needed that so bad after shithole today :) 
Hopefully he made it down safely, kinda makes me nervous 
I can’t help but envy how good that must feel.
That is a very satisfied employee right there
He and that sliding elephant should team up... 
Imagine how many dogs slid off of cliffs sliding like this.
Why is it that nothing puts me in a better mood than a dog having the time of it’s life?
The ultimate back scratch
Tahoe?
Wow...

It's pretty depressing to learn that a dog is cooler than I am.

Just kidding! I've already known that. 
OH. That’s muh balls! Let me just roll over into my back. Ahhhhhh.
I am so envious of this dog.
Best way to not get up in the morning.
the infinite scratch
The rollover on to side with paw in air is a true sign of enjoyment
So I CAN bring my dog skiing !? 
I am rescue dog! Lookit me slide!
when i grow up i wanna ~~be just as excited as~~ him ~~about his job~~
That is absolutely adorable
...Is he loving his job a bit too much or having a "take the wheels, Jesus" moment?
I wanna see him fetch a tennis ball. You think the skidding past the ball is bad on grass, just wait until this happens.
Gets to the bottom


“Alright slope’s good!! C’mon down!!”
I want this dogs life.
Gifs that end too soon...was there a ledge? Oh I hope not.
Somebody please make a shooting stars mix
I have a feeling it's not his first time doing this.
This is what it's like trying to get my dog off the couch at night.
What a Gnar Dog
I like how he almost uses his tail as a rudder in the beginning. In his mind hes Snoopy the Aerial Ace and hes on the hunt for the dastardly Red Baron
Hey, that's my technique. Either on my stomach or my back, but not on the actual snowboard.
Well, this just made my night!
A whole new definition of dogsledding!
r/gifsthatendtoosoon
Dogs are so cool. We will never be as cool as dogs.
Keep that dog away from Mogul runs
What, have you never seen a... sled-dog? 
Was worried it would fly off the edge! 
This has made my day thank you
This is fantastic! 
r/gifsthatendtoosoon
Imagine him going off a massive jump. 
That...looks........so nice to do. 
sauce
Oh god I bet that feels so good.  SELF ARREST!  SELF ARREST!
Shining /r/rarepuppers example
Casually chomps on a bit of snow before going on his epic slide...  What a silly boy.  I wonder what his trainers thought the first time he started sliding down a slope, then just kept going.
This is so pure. 
Buzzing.
Is his name Snowball(s)?
How does it feel to bite into a york peppermint patty?
 Could watch this all day 
ICE ICE BOYE
Such  bad boy laying down on the job like that 
The most significant dm slide 
r/rarepuppers
Hahah, I love this. I'm glad the video ended. A small part of me was scared he would start heading down some double black diamond run, pick up some serious steam, lose the ability to turn and fly into some trees at the bottom....and yes, I'm reliving a past experience 
If anyone is looking, here is the original youtube posted by his handler.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tEB-nXRU4co
/u/greenlanternx3 me in dog form
Are we going to need to send a recuse dog to rescue dog?
Sliding into bitches DMs like
He’ll be sliding down the mountain when he comes...
I hope he didn't have a rough landing.
Ski patrol is a ruff job, but someone has to do it. 
That was the last time we ever saw dogo again
Wait so this dog just chills on a mountain with his pals all day?!
Did it just snow a bunch in Tahoe? I was there a week ago and there was grass and dirt and shit.
Saving energy, the human is skiing, why not the dog? Plus the dog needs to save the energy in order to dig people out. DON"T JUDGE HIM
r/zoomies
Must be like the best pats ever
I'll never be the happy.
lol i think he ate something on his way down
I hate my job.
S L I P P E R Y B O Y E
This is the coolest post I jave seen in a while! This dog kicks A!
Hope he has some breaks.
What are the requirements for a job like this? 
I thought it was just flat ground I was so confused how he was sliding and then I realized he was sliding down hill
He has found a way to get both the scratchies and the zoomies at the same time.
There should be a sub for stuff like this. Maybe r/dogsled
Alyeksa?
If there's anything that dog posts have taught me today, it's that this dog is probably stressed because his ears are back.

I'm being sarcastic, this is a lovely post.
Is this in Tahoe?
 r/mypeopleneedme
Some say he's still sliding to this day.
*Starts to accelerate in an increasingly fast pace

To be continued...
I’m guessing he is trained to do that to get down the mountain faster.
First time I've seen a post go up thousands of points in minutes. Coolio.
That poor dog had to have some cold nuts. 
5NOWDOG5

I could watch this forever.
I’m amazed that he can pick up that much speed considering it’s not a very steep slope.
That looks like Zero-G Doggo!
Such happy doggo, love the joy
I love the slight turn in his body to go around the curve! 
Is that Mt. Hood?
There's nothing more beautiful in this world than the love of work and pleasure that a solid avalanche dog radiates.
S L I D E Y B O Y E
nice
That look so fun!
 Is this Mt. High?
That's awesome. Looks like he's really enjoying it.
Black diamond dog
"French fries... PIZZA! PIZZA!!"
Imagine how many dogs slid off of cliffs sliding like this.


If thats my job inwould love it too as much as him ❤️ 
That seal's like, "It's solid water!...Whelp..."
Oh yes, mountain scratchies are best scratchies.
I love that when the dog starts clearly going towards the trees the owner clearly speeds up and gets between him and certain pain
Great technique. Tummy rubs for you.
Lucky
I've heard of a Doge, would this the rare Dogweeeee?
Grabs a little snowy snack in the beginning. 
I imagined the guy following him with a massive mounted camera on a snowboard!
I wish i have this moment one day!
The trees at the end where it meets the snow’s horizon line, I initially thought it was the other side of a canyon and hoped the end wasn’t a cliff!
r/whatswrongwithyourdog
Ahhhhh good old Ski Puptroll
🎵 And I can‘t stop! And I won‘t stop! 🎵
Sled dog 
I.C Weiner.
Sure beats running.  🤣
Oh hey I know this guy! His name is Truckee, and he's one of the avalanche rescue dogs at my favorite ski resort. 10/10 good boy. 
This made me really happy. 
Thanks.  :)
That's so fucking adorable oh my god
Man I need a dog. 
Ski Pawtrol
Ok this is amazing. 
Is this fun or scratching? 
“Hooman can’t you see I’m sliding save me Hooman save me”
This puppy gonna slide into your dms like he sliding down this mountain 
He's in belly back scratch heaven 
Darn doggos takin our jerbs!!!
This is pure greatness 
Traveling without moving. And he doesn't even need The Spice...
I never want that to end
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=APx2yFA0-B4
how do i contact u?
[Pizza!! Do a Pizza!!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5thIuCSTkk)
Lake Tahoe! Such a beautiful place and even better snowboarding :)
This the the fucking best thing I've ever seen.
Welp, wrap it up boys and girls, we found the top quality aww, rarepuppers, and possibly more in the second week of January, cya in 2019! Finally going to that rarepuppers society to hunt puppermon pictures to post! Bye!
Watch out for those trees! 
Being a dog...just has to be the best thing ever.
P E N G U I N B O Y E
It's a sled dog.
like how to gain more of this views and comments?

Everybody on Reddit is a bot except for you
fun sliding, even animal loves it
Is there more of this 
Weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee.

Pysch.
r/sploot will love this. snow sploot!
**Rescue Rangers**
I just watched this while the Grateful Dead were peaking a Lovelight in the background. Neat.
What happens when he reaches Bark 1?
Nice push
Trucker is the best avy dog at Heavenly! I see him everyday! 
Is his job to be a good boye? 
Double Black Diamond Dog
Job? You sure he's not on break?
I could watch an hour of this.
The cold rough snow probably feels so good on his hair
What exactly is his job? 9_9
They see me Sliding, They Hatin'
23 Skidog!
"goodbye humans!!"
Awww, that’s adorable, he’s having such a good time.  That looks like a long sled (body) ride down. 
What’s with all these animals sliding down hills? There could be a r/animalssliding already. 

Dog with sled, elephant on its belly, duck on this, this good boy. Dogs on slides, Pandas on slides, lots of dogs on sides actually. Okay, somebody on this? 
What a Heavenly little boy
Looks like that dog's having lots of fun. :D
I made a thing for you.
This immediately played in my head so I wanted to share it.

This is the only place I'll publicly post it.
https://youtu.be/dFyomb7Ksxk
Loving his job the correct amount
Here i was all:
„The trees yo..  watch out for the trees.. THE TREES MOTHERFU KEER!!“
Swiggity swooty
OMW2SYG
R/gifsthatendtoosoon
*WEEEEEEEEEEE*
I must updog this downdog
Just let him have his fun.  Those people buried 6 feet under will be just fine
Dog, dog, dog of the snow slopes watch out for that tree!
Reminds me of Ninja a cute avalanche dog out at Deer Valley Resort
He’s so happy 
Right off the cliff
I don't know, I think he's loving it just the right amount.
Lol that high arm 
"Whuuuuuut!"
Jealous
for some reason I think this is so sweet.  what a really seriously great dog!  good for you & him!  I mean - why can't life always be so sweet as this?
Snowbork
That's actually how snow rescue dogs get down from the slopes. Trust me, I'm also a dog and do that
That is one chill doggo
Dogs are straight up the best animals
I just started. Your post help me decided to do it!
Don’t deny this soft boi the happiness he deserves
Had to comment 667
I like how one of his legs goes straight up during the flow down, trying to smooth ride on his back
Slide.
I just started. Your post help me decided to do it!
This is fucking awesome! Wish I could get down the hill as easily as he does. My biggest problem is the lift. I hate getting off the lift. 😒
awwwww...i really hope he stopped before, what seems like, the end of the cliff
Is he...dabbing?
This is childish but don’t their genitals chaff? 
Are they trained to do that to decend faster? 
Lets Goooo !
Yo that’s fucking wild that that dog is just sliding down the hill.   So badass
Everyone on Reddit is a bot except for you
My sister has a lab and he is a living form of cocaine in the snow
Too much? Da fuq?

That looks like "just enough" to me!
Too cute
Must be...heavenly 
PIZZA!!! PIZZA!!!!! PIZZZZAAA!!! 
Pure Joy.
Very nice post! Keep it up!
lol
Humans arent good enough for dogs.  They are simply too amazing.
I miss snowboarding at Heavenly!
Snowboi
GOOD BOY
Where's the one with the retriever doing the same thing?
Chomping on bits of snow as he goes. Hilarious. 
Loving his job just enough, unless he went over the cliff. Then, a bit too much
This is Tahoe. I board here all the time.
Is he still sliding to this day??
Everyone on reddit is a bot except you
This looks just like my friend when we first went skiing together ;)
This seriously brought tears of joy to my eyes. 
Just amazing
Same here
I'm a bit worried that he will drop somewhere.
My home
Aeeewww
That was definitely not this year. That's Ridge Run at Heave-n-leave. No snow in Tahoe. We're riding MTN bikes instead.
We all should be able to do it at least once in a lifetime, voluntarily. I had done it once, on a long slope, but I was forced to do it so I do not bump into people in front of me.
This is quite possibly the greatest thing I've ever seen on the internet
Hd
SHREDDIN'!
I've seen many people leave mountain bars like this after too much apres ski!
Dog sledding :D
I love this good boi
A working dog is a happy dog! 
So this just made me really happy. There is good in this world
Yolo:))
great post!
/r/StoppedWorking
I love how he chomps the snow on the way down. 
Awww, so cute.
Everybody on Reddit is a bot except you
This was the last video taken of that poor, poor dog
"Oh no, help me. I can't stop." - This dog, probably.
wow that's a job??
Rumor has it he’s still sliding till this day 
r/instantregret
LOL!!! Good luck!
S A V O D O G G O
This is what it looks like when I try to ski too.
His control and overall skii style make him a top contender at this years olympics for the freestyle competition.
Sliding boye ❤❤❤
Daisy Logs

That dog is a penguin.
Is this what they mean by 'sled dog?'

They see me sliding ,they hating trying to catch  me slidin dirty
Ah, that's the life...
What a terrific video to see in the morning!! :)
I don’t have a job right now because I’m on a mission to be this happy
I love this~! I hope I also love my job in the future like hiiim xD
Dogs will be dogs 🤣
SNOWSNOWSNOWSNOWSNOWSNOWSNOWSNOWSNOWSNOWSNOW
Imagining this happening with no humans to witness it is even stranger.
i always wonder how dogs dont freeze their dicks doing stuff like this
How do you stop a dog when it's going down hill like this? 
Dude, are you gonna hit the brakes anytime soon? 
Avalanche is coming. 
Is owner on a ski or snowmobile or drone ...or a ghost ?
Simple pleasures are the best...
Some say he is still sliding to this day.
You say he's enjoying it too much, but it looks to me like he's enjoying it just the right amount.
I don't get what its job is.
He looks like he's having so much fun
Did that dog just fucking *dab,* on the way by?? 
Very cute, much wow!

OH MY GOD SOMEONE HOLD THE DOGGY!
Great for that itch you just can’t scratch. 
He is either on his way to save Someone or he's scratching himself 
Autodogs, roll out!
Nice post:)
It looks more like he/she has fallen and can't get up.
Where is this place btw? It's breathtaking!
Hope he stuck the landing 😂
Best boye 😍🖤
 And the dog never came back !!
I know da wae 
Thanks so much for the help you have been giving me. 
This is the best thing i've seen this year
Did anyone practice cartridge tilting with Mario64? YouTube it and you'll get why that's a relevant reference.
This dog has learned to pet itself with the ground

When they realize they no longer need us, then what?
No such thing!!!
S P E E D D O G G O 
Just like everyone who works at a ski resort
Priceless
Does he know/trained on how to steer?
Everyone on reddit is a bot exept you
Sliiide
My shepherd/lab mix did this the first time she saw snow. It was fantastic. Otter dog 
But how?!?
Hitting an enemy with the Super Sledgehammer in Fallout 2 

That is hilarious. My old boy would have done that if he could. He was a black lab that would spend all day hanging out in the snowy yard when it was 15 degrees F.
Thats a new kind of sealion xD
Looks like he got a few bites of snow at the start too lol. Labs.
This is awwsome.
Me at night looking for the cool spot in my sheets. 
Shout out to the ski patrol!

Go join your local hill! 
Nice
I wonder if, when they realize they're moving in such a situation but their legs aren't, if dog's are like "What the hell is going on?!"
That's is pretty cool! Good old Heavenly Sierra Cement. Lived in Tahoe last winter.  What a fun place on a good snow year! 
It’s a rare Snow-Seal!
When it ended, I was legitimately worried about him being so close to the edge of that cliff. 
Everybody on reddit is a bot except you
What did we a species do to deserve dogs? 
And then he just continues rolling....
I love portrait video of a landscape. 
Dog becomes penguin
This is why I like dogs more than people. 
Where do i apply?
Omg I love this!
Haha 😂 it looks like he was picking up a bit of speed at the end. Can he stop himself or did the person have to stop him? 
I love how towards the end I was like "you need to cut off the dog and stop him before he meets the ledge" and the video ends as the persons looks to be doing just that.
Rescue dog to the rescueeeeee^eeeeeeeee^eeeeeeee^eeeeeee
wow amazing training!!
Love how he gets a bite of snow before he gets going.  Looks like he is having fun and very comfortable doing it.
What 🐕 rescues the rescue 🐕?
I've never experienced snow so I have to ask, can a human do that too? I mean without a sledge of course.
SLIPPERY BOI


Must be Friday, time to meet the other good boys at the tavern!
https://youtu.be/M-otEdq-Ozo
Hoping it’s not one. 
Because my man is enjoying that
this dog is apparently looking for a job trade/exchange..  who's up? 
holy shit, im laughing so hard right now
Plot twist, he had a heart attack and died when he rolled on his back.
Did he crash???
That dog went from rescue mode to "holy shit this a back scratcher".
Someone sends this doggo to the winter Olympics!

Ah wait, isn't it in South Korea? 
Looks like he grabbed himself a little snack along the way.
This dog has a better job than I do.
Doggo slides for forever... into our hearts.
Deja vu!
I thought it was an alligator at first
What a life!
The sploot at the beginning 
life goals, find a job one day that i will enjoy this much
I'd slide with him
The ULTIMATE belly rub!
Marla: "Slide." 
*blows smoke in face*
I expected shooting stars to start playing. I'm a little disappointed 
WEEEEEEEEEE!!!
I guess that’s what you call...

A SLED DOG!



I’ll see myself out.
You don't have to speak like humans to figure out fun
Amazing 
I’ll never see my dachshund do this. 
Definitely belongs on r/justlikeus
Lol dog wat r u doin

Lol I am snek 
PIZZA

PIZZAAA
This might be the greatest thing u have ever seen... Ever.
[removed]
I'M LOVING THAT HE'S LOVING HIS JOB TOO MUCH 
Skiing-eye dog 
The mountain is giving that pooch a skootch!
S L I D E B O Y E
OP, that is one happy pup!! Made my day to see him happy!! :))
If you're cold they're cold.
wtf, why did it stop???
Sadly he was soon eaten by the Skifree Yeti.
<3

