Be cool guys. Maybe less morbid arguments.

[Dog Safety in Cars](https://www.consumerreports.org/cro/2011/05/safe-road-tripping-with-pets/index.htm)

> Hi everybody! I really appreciate everyone’s concern about us keeping Charlie on the floor while we are driving. I have done my best to answer the various comments and messages, but I think it would be easiest to just reply to the sticky.
> 
> Charlie only sits on the floor if the car is stationary or if we are driving him over to the park which is only a few blocks away from the house. Again, I really appreciate everyone’s concern. I would hate to have anything happen to him as well!

- [awright1221](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/7qco33/my_boy_is_getting_too_big_to_sit_between_my_legs/dsorxj7/)
Good boye doesn't need space, he just needs love. 
Following the universal rule of all goodboyes: if I fits, I sits.
Super cute, but be careful about keeping him in the front seat like that. Car accidents are no fun.
[Good boy sketch](https://i.imgur.com/p9Iz87X.jpg)
I can’t help but think of there was an accident and the airbags deployed....we be in trouble 
first thought you were the driver and was about to say how stupid this was.
Wait... There's a "text" button? 
Your car has a sub woofer now
08-09 legacy/outback? 
I hate when dogs or any pets are in the front seat.  It is unsafe for them and you and the other people on the road.
Incredibly cute! But I got into a bit of a fender bender a few years back and it threw my dog into the console from the back seat and broke his little leg. As fun and as cute as it is to have pets sit with you it’s a serious safety issue. I don’t like it but I keep by pets in their crates then strap the crate down when I take them somewhere. The last thing I want is for them to get ejected or otherwise crushed because I want them to be cute.
Boop that snoot
I hope you don’t get into a mildly serious front end collision.. if so, he gone.. 
ITT: safety issues
Home is where your ice doesn’t taste funny
Now that is one good boy
Yo nice Subaru Legacy!!
Nice 2006 Subaru Legacy
Please strap him in the backseat. 

Cute, but seems very unsafe and very illegal :/

Why have pets if you don't care about their safety?
Just don't get into an accident...
Please keep your dog out of places they would get crushed if you crashed.

Edit: your
IF I FITS, I SITS!
Please tell me you don't let him between your legs while you are actually driving?


Yea this is cute but if you get in any sort of even small accident he could easily get very hurt. Be safe. 
Dog doesn’t care about comfort. Dog cares about being close to his human. 
Back seat, preferably restrained or crated. There’s nothing cute about this.
Dogs love Subarus 😀
Without wanting to be a downer on things, please, please get your goodboye a secure crate, harness etc in your car. 

Unsecured dogs/animals will just be propelled around vehicles after impact causing injury and death not only to you but, worst of all, to them. 

In footwells the dog will just be crushed to death if crash is bad enough. I couldn't bear the thought of my best friend getting crushed in a crash regardless of whoever caused the crash. 

He does have a snoot I just want to boop. Lets keep it boopable!
Nice, easy way to get your dog killed!
Hi everybody! I really appreciate everyone’s concern about us keeping Charlie on the floor while we are driving. I have done my best to answer the various comments and messages, but I think it would be easiest to just reply to the sticky.

Charlie only sits on the floor if the car is stationary or if we are driving him over to the park which is only a few blocks away from the house.  Again, I really appreciate everyone’s concern. I would hate to have anything happen to him as well!
05-09 Legacy/Outback 2.5i?
Subaruuuu
I know who's a good boy now. 
Is the OP straddling the center console? Or is somebody in the back taking the pic of OP in passenger side?

maybe OP should sit in the back?
Subaru Legacy.
Oh sweet Jesus. I'm on vacation and we left our fur babies at home for the first time. This good boy's happy smile reminds me so much of my girl I almost cried 
He wants the togetherness. He loves you
https://imgur.com/a/ah7OP
You need to make your legs smaller, because there is no way he can stop sitting there
is he half German Shepard half Labrador? He looks exactly like my dog and that's what he is 
I have one just like it!
came into this thread to see how long it took before every comment was about how poorly youre treating your pupper.


about as expected.

get a 5 star rated safety harness op and not just any harness get one that has been tested and shown to work in 500 or more doggo accidents. money is no object it is your doggo. mine was imported from dubai and came in just under 5,000 after all said and done. i wasnt able to give my daughter braces, but puppers come first. she understands.

also if your dog is in the front seat he is ahead of you while you drive thus giving him the impression he is the pack leader.  before you know it he'll be humping you to assert dominance and growling if you go near his food dish.

next thing hes out of control and eating the neighbors children. shame on you op. shame.


/s
be careful, If you where to get in an accident that'd be no good for mr.goodboy doggo
One crash and he gonna die. And its gonna be all your fault. ALL. YOUR. FAULT!
I hope your dog doesn't sit there when the car is being driven
That's one boopable nose!   
I like the 2007+ Subaru Legacy.  And the good boy. 
People who keep their dogs between their legs while driving should be charged
My boy,10 months, 90 pound Doberman remembers being 2 months, 11 pound Doberman.  Who could stretch out on mommy's lap in the car.  Now he rides shotgun.

At home, he don't fits, don't sits, just squishes.  Can't figure out why my head is squished in his armpit, and his feets are hanging off the end of my recliner.  Doesn't mind,though, because I can't escape his eyeball-licking tongue kisses any more.
Hate to be the party pooper but imagine having a crash, crushing your legs and your dog at the same time... My parents are fire fighters and they've seen dogs fly through people's windscreens. Not even the passenger seats are safe either. Keep ya doggos safe 
Legacy or outback?
Good boy always sits even if no fit 
Good dog, bad owner. As dumb as people who drive with their dog on their lap. All it takes is a moment of distraction to rear end someone and immediately kill your dog
super dangerous for him :(
You are so lucky to have this doggo. I love this picture.  
Dogs seems to love being cramped up with you, up until they've had enough. Then they'll just scratch the shit out of you trying to get out 
thats one boopable nose!
This would most likely be illegal in the UK:

Rule 57. When in a vehicle make sure dogs or other animals are suitably restrained so they cannot distract you while you are driving or injure you, or themselves, if you stop quickly. A seat belt harness, pet carrier, dog cage or dog guard are ways of restraining animals in cars.1 Oct 2015
Hey OP, get a doggie seatbelt. You're responsible for your pet's safety and you owe them the same protection you would give a child.

Only a handful of them on the market actually protect your doggo in case of an accident, however, so choose one that's been crash rated. The non-crash-rated doggie seatbelts are likely to kill or maim your dog*, even at low speeds, so pick well.

*Many of them will literally dismember a pet during a crash.
I wanna boop that snout.
*Boop* 
That's his spot. No matter how big he gets
Perfect place for pats
[deleted]
I have smol pup, she’s a good girl <3
Subaru

He sits where he fits
What kind of dog is this?  I have a dog that idk what he is but he looks exactly like your dog.   
Good boy. Would boop. 
He is just happy to be along for the ride :)
Hahaha that’s adorable! He looks so happy too 🤣
>Ahhh, this is great.  Isn't this great?
How is that safe if you get in a accident? 
My *good* boy --> title needs an edit
K
He isn't driving yet?  Uh oh.  Get ready. 
What a good bubs! Love his smile. 
Nice Subaru Outback OP, got the same interior.
Dear God, I hope you give that snoot the kisses he deserves!
Hahaha my puppers does the same thing! The vet said he's going to be 90lbs... something to look forward to.
What breed is he?? 
Goodest boye
Aww he's a crotch hound

he's getting too big or you are? 
> We are much closer because I am bigger and have more love for you.

-- u/awrighr1221's good puppy.
How’d you get my dog? 
dog: shotgun!
I feel like, if they could speak, they would tell us how much they love their hoomans. And they would probably speak non-stop because they’re always excited.
The best thing about dogs is that; this could be the most uncomfortable spot for him, but he would sit there regardless because he loves his human! 
That's a face of a Dawg!!!!
He’s a good boy, Brent 
The Good and the Furiest: Dogo Drift
:)
That's what makes a Subaru, a Subaru.
Very cute dog!
That looks like a Subaru to me...perfect for puppers. 

Cute dog. Bad owner. Don't squish him.
Dogs are so much better than we are, we barely deserve their loyalty and love.
I've never wanted a dog more in my life than when I saw this picture. 
Aww, hes soo cute in there
It gets worse. I had to sell my car and get a SUV because my Saint Bernard grew too large
He just wants to be close to you ☺️
Cute but so dangerous. Please secure all family members in the car.
His face makes me happy
This is super cute but would be very dangerous if an accident were to happen. The dog has great teeth and big brown eyes, quality doggo. 
This is cute AF
That’s the best doggy I’ve ever seen!
He cute
“Mawm!!! Your car is getting smoller” - doggo
Black lab/border collie mix? He looks like mine :-)
He's actually talking about his son, he's 14 and has PTSD and for reason it calms him been inbetween his legs and his 3 year old dog, I am going to hell.
Fuck man I had a black lab named Diego that did the same thing. He was a sweet heart. Hope yours is too. 
ever read *The World According to Garp?*
My dog accepts me and only me to accompany him in the front seat even tho I'm not 1,70m anymore but 2m, but I guess he adapted
Do you have any pictures of him doing that when he was a pup/younger ?
Subaru?
God damnit I love dogs
I like to zoom into its nose and see all the details
They DO have dog seatbelts and theyre not expensive. 
Our German Shepherd as a pup would do the same thing. 
That looks exactly like my dog. Nefoundland/Golden Retriever? 
"I'm just happy to be here" - the dog, probably
His enthusiasm makes it impossible to say no
That is a sweet looking pup. Thanks for sharing OP!
That is one happy boy!!!
BOOP THAT GOOBER RIGHT ON THE SNOOT!
The happiest boi 
Gud boye
So, I figured out my dog's car anxiety may be linked to puppy hood trauma and he may have been thrown from a moving vehicle before he was rescued. Thankfully, the vet is just a couple of miles away, but he is a scaredyboye during those trips. 
Road head!
Hey that's my Wife! You get away from my wife! I didn't kill my wife!! 
Must’ve been a ruff ride. 
I relate and approve.
Ruff ride
The goodest boy but everyone is the goodest boy even the girls.
My boye does same
Looks like my dog!
/r/Subaru 

(‘07-‘09 Outback 2.5i non limited pictured, may be European model based on trim color).
I got this tag line as a notification on my phone a couple hours ago and I was so confused until right now....
What breed is this little cutie?
r/toofers you are all welcome
Haha
Subaru Legacy???
You’re sitting in a Subaru.  
The look of love. What a lovely fella.
Awhhh!
Nice 4th gen Subaru Legacy/Outback! Love my Outback XT.
Tries to think of anything better than this photo. Cannot. 
I think that your doggo loves you! 
Subaru legacy? Maybe an 07 ?
If it's troubling you, I would be willing to take him :)
He's like "For the last time I don't want to hear 'Who let the dogs out?', will you please put on some Foghat!"
Lol at all these people getting so butthurt about not putting a seatbelt on your dog. 
You need to get smaller, it’s all about the doggo
Subaru? 
BOOP!!!
Looks like you may have to get a bigger car.
What kind of good boye is that?
Breed?
Sorry… Was it something I said?
Car doggo is best doggo.
Mums husbands dog is like 150lb and still wants to sit on your lap, dogs will be dogs
I don't think they will never get their size ration in relation to cars and couches lol! They always find space to fit 😂
Border Collie mix?
I. Love. Dogs.
Awww. I remember when my last dog struggled with that. Except it was she wanted to sit in my lap. I'm barely above 5'. My lap is only so big. She was a lap pup and then she wanted to still be a lap dog. Just about crushing me with her head and front paws on my shoulder while she wiggled and tried to keep her butt and back paws balanced on my lap. Lol Gah I miss her. 
Adorable doggo and a Subaru. They go together like peanut butter and jelly.
Clearly you need a bigger car.
Nice subie!
That face 🐶💙
YOU GET THAT FLUFFY BOYE ON YOUR LAP NOW
The dog can hit the break for you
I also have a subaru. 
May i ask what breed is that dog?
omg love his smile
Precious!!!
To look at it from another perspective, he might also be coming up for fresh air.
He's still an extremely good boy. 
Great position for some road head!
What a cute fella!
2011 Subaru Outback?
/r/ifitfits 
Good dogo
so sweet
I use one of those portable dog houses whenever I have to drive the dog somewhere because he took to climbing to my lap when I was driving (no idea how he consistently managed it while in harness and seatbelt either!).
Yes but please discourage this. Gods forbid you get in a head on accident and he takes the brunt of it. 
Just put him in the drivers seat the next time you get pulled over for speeding. hot chicks and cute dogs always get out of tickets.
Hah! Big ol’ happy snoot! Dude loves his pops!
Looks exactly like my Malinois :D
What a good boi.

My doggo does something similar, she feels more comfortable in the leg room of the passenger seat. 
Ignore the dirty seat.

https://ibb.co/d1P476
beautiful smile
You uhh gonna eat that whole sammich?
I need a handsome boi like this!
10/10 pupper would drive again 
Cute 
Dog loves their owner. 
so cute
Zomg what a beautiful and happy doggo 💗
Subaru, I see you!!
That button.  That button right *there*.  That's the BOOP button.  *Press it*
I fit! 
That was the way my Hallie, go rest her soul used to look at me. Love the picture! Dogs are wonderful!!!!

that dog would probably really love it if you flicked that heater switch to the feet icon


a nice warm breeze---it's nice
He is so cute! Does anyone know the breed of the dog?
That nice super wet nose.
Dogs make the world a better place.
r/nocontext
Is OP from Washoe County?  My Mum's dog looks just the same.
What's the latest trendy version of "that's what she said"?
He has those ornery eyes, those playful puppy eyes 
Nice subaru, and cute pupper.
Goodest boy I’ve seen all day :)
Nice subaru
Ooooh I just want to hug him so bad!!!!
Awww he's so cute. He looks so happy. :)
super cute
[deleted]
Volvo? 
Hurry! Somebody boop that nose.
subaru legacy? I have the same dials
If at first I dont fits then I'll squeeze till I can has sits with my peeps.
Indeed dogs are the best ppl on earth.
Ok, this made me laugh.  That expression on his face is priceless.  He's happy and he doesn't care how cramped it is.  He just wants to be a part of the fun.  
boye*
Subaru and a dog. Life doesn't get much better
LOOK AT HIM HES SO HAPPY
Nice subaru! 
Subaru Legacy Fourth generation (2003–2009) – BL, BP
What breed is he?
Do we have the same dog?

Stark https://imgur.com/a/FlpX5
If it fits, I sits
gee what a happy looking doggo
Do you own my dog? https://i.imgur.com/2QVQhtk.jpg 
He's just happy to be going somewhere with his OP. Haha doggos being so happy and content is the best thing ever.. much easier to make happy  than a person.
I have the exact same dog
He's just happy to be with his hooman
Awwww best thing I've seen all day!
Awwww... This reminds me of my dog.

We have this "safety gate" thing in our house, which has a much smaller opening on the bottom (I'm guessing for cats or something).  Anyways, when my dog was a puppy, I used to let him through that smaller opening on the bottom.  

Now he's 1 and a half, and weighs like 75 pounds (golden retriever).  I sometimes will mess with him and open that small opening, and he tries to fit his head through it.  Its adorable...
That's a cute puppers
If only adoration were some sort of life-force!  You'd be immortal!
He looks so much like my boy it's not even funny. 
WOW.
He looks JUST like my dog, I wish I had a picture of him in that position, he makes that same face, it's uncanny.
What breed is he?
And I'm sitting here asking how is it possible that this has so many downvotes? Satanists or something...
Booop!
SNOOT!
Which dog breed is this lovely fellow?

What a cutie 
Looks exactly like my Malinois :D
So cute, which breed?
Nosey Boi
[deleted]
We have a padded bench in our living room we got when our German Shepherd was born. He would lie under it and fall asleep when he was a puppy.

Now he just sticks his head under there with his gigantic body exposed.
If it doesn't bother him, it doesn't bother me. 
Such a good dog!
Loving , adoring face!
"You need to lay off the yummy donuts hooman, this space is getting smaller every time"
It’s a subaru. Of course he doesn’t mind. Dog approved!
That's the face of love right there. 
Is OP going to the store for a peanut butter refill?
The comments right now are 50% goodboye, 50% badsafetye
are you in a subaru?
S M U S H B O Y E <3
Such a cute dog. 
Oh hey another bad pet owner celebrated by reddit because “cute” 
This is dangerous.  Dont drive with your dog btween your legs
Depending where you live, this is something you can get ticketed for.

More importantly, you are increasing the risk of harming yourself or others.
Now just take away the picture and watch the FBI come running in.
Airbag won't be a fun time though.
If I fits I sits 
u/yeoldsmith 
I don't want to be a party pooper, so I'll just say (with well wishes) please be careful. Dogs are meant to be in a secure spot with a seat belt for a reason. I do not mean this in spite but only for the safety of you and your pupper 
I'm all for cuddling with pets, but this is the last place you should have your pet in a car. If you're in a head-on that dog is going to get crushed.
Dogs are funny furry little people. Mine sits in the passenger seat and demands a head rub every time I shift gears. It like he's jealous the car's getting more attention than him!
Because they feel we should treat them as if they are equal.   Any parent ( real parent ) knows that is absolutely not the the same.  

Makes me sick

I love our pets.  ( indoor cat, dog and two outdoor mousers at the moment) but there’s no way taking care of these animals is any near what it takes to be responsible for a child or two. 
I hope this is a left hand drive car...
That’s his spot, let him have it. 
 That's cuz you're in a Subaru, he loves the car not you haha
I cannot deny that i just cyber-booped his perfect doggy nose
enjoy getting in an accident and finding out you have no insurance coverage because your mutt wasn't in a carrier. I delivered a 5th of vodka to some poor housewife every day because she smashed a brick wall with her car, now her life is ruined forever. Way to be irresponsible OP! 
WHAT A BOOPER OH LORD 
Aww, so cute! 

From that angle, it almost looks like he's my dog's twin! ( https://i.imgur.com/Ig0xcfx.jpg )
 I too like to smother my testicles in peanut butter before I go for a car ride
This is deeply irresponsible.
Give 'Ole Pupper-do-do a BIG Smooch for me..him big baby.
Wait. I'm not on r/subaru ...
Does your boy have a name?
Drool to the pants begins..
Lol
Nice Subaru
Once a lap pupper always a lap pupper.
Good boy!  Such a cutie-poot. 
Looks like my girl!
https://imgur.com/gallery/jD5WC
such a good boy
Scooby snack??? 
His face looks so much like my little Sally's face! WHO'S A GOOD BOY??
hahaha wow
Your boy looks like my girl that just passed away and I got the feels :/
What kind of dog is he?! 
What a handsome boy! I just wanna scratch his cheekbones! 
Belgian shepherd?  He looks like my Good Girle who passed away a few years ago. 
Saw this from an English perspective and thought it was a train wreck 
Dat glove compartment panel alignment. 
All black GSD?  How old?
Nice subie
Can dogs experience motion sickness?
Seems like he should be a lap dog. Lol
Dawwww

But 2 be real 4 a sec that's the first place intrusion into the passenger compartment happens in a head on collision.  Be careful
Don't worry bro i won't tell anyone about who i smelt in this car.
Nice try car publicist but having a dog built into the interior won’t get me to switch
If you crash he will be killed instantly. So many blatantly unsafe and stupid posts get upvoted here. 
Your dog will die like that if you're in an accident. Put him in a cage or something. 
Wait till you get in a wreck. You’ll regret putting him on the floor in the front seat. 
Many people have said it before but I'll say it again, we humans don't deserve the love and loyalty our fellow dogs give us. The faithfulness my dog shows towards me is utterly insane even when I ignore him while playing a game, Lil buddy will go running and wagging that lil tell of his when I ask him where his ball is. 
Airbag won't be a fun time though.
[removed]
I love black dogs! I hate that most people will choose other colors first.

Give that doggo a boop on his snoot
LPT: If you take your pets with you in the car often you really need to change A/C filters often. Get a good hand vac and wipe down all surfaces often with a good cleanser. Use a hanging air freshener. Your non-pet having friends will thank you. 

EDIT:
and please give your doggie a bath at least 2 times a week. A cat needs no bath and don't often ride in cars like a dog will do. So please don't take this as insult. I guess seeing that dog face reminds me of a dog I had in 4th grade. I loved that dog. And it loved me. I miss that dog - but the smell of the dog is not forgotten either. As a kid it didn't matter to me. But as an adult it is simple courtesy to keep the dog and car clean. There is no way to get rid of the oder all together. You become smell blind to the dog smell - so make a habit of cleaning even if you think it is not needed. 
