So cute! He's like thanks for the banana - I will be on my way now. 
Love the feet in the last picture. He’s proudly marching of with his spoils. Like a tiny soldier. Lovely. 
Awww my goodness. He's the cutest banana thief <3
Yep, that's a dachshund alright.  Everything in your apartment is now his.
If he comes back with a measuring tape you've got an exceptionally clever dachshund on your hands.
I have a vivid memory of my dachshund, Linus, actually stealing a banana from my mom when I was a kid, and sprinting around in circles in my back yard with it. He didn't eat the banana, he was just so proud that he was able to steal it. Dachshunds are mischievous little guys.
Do yourself *and* Rusty a favor.. If he's allowed on furniture, anything he jumps up to get onto(bed, couch, bay window, etc.), Buy/Build him little ramps or steps.

Even for mini badger hounds, Jumping can result in pinched discs in that long back. Nothing like having to pay a few thousand dollars for *your dogs* back surgery.

e: a word.

Mr Steal yo Banana  :)
If he's anything like my friend's Dachsund, he will eat that entire banana, peel and all, even if it kills him. 
My banana now, thanks
He had other plananas.
Is this a puppy or just a really small dog? 
Rusty is ridiculously cute. Perfect for this place.
My dog is bigger so I can't even imagine having a puppy fit in your hands! He's adorable!
You bring dis.  
&nbsp;
I take dis.
He looks so dastardly in the second pic.
It took me 25 years of life to realize that Daschunds are not 'dash-hoonds', but 'doxens'. I thought the latter was an entirely different breed.
Here is another photo. The banana is for scale.
#MyBananaNow!
"Thanks for the new toy!"
Omg the upper right picture got me
LOVE dachshunds. Had them my whole life. Rusty seems like an awesome little character.
My nam is pup

I am v smol

I like to play

Wiv toi n bol


Wen fren tek pic

I do da plan

I run awa

N tek banan
Iam allergic to dogs.. these kind of cuties makes me realy sad about it.
Mr banana grabber!
He thought you said banana for sale 
Yea that banana will be ripped apart and all over the house in about 5 minutes.
Excuse me, sir, I've got to go be cute.
Dachshund* for scale...
He looks like he's dragging the banana back to interrogate it 
Rusty is a national treasure.
A mini dachshund? As in the mini version of regular dachshund? Which is already a mini version of a dog? Honestly, where does it end with you people?
I LOVE HIM
That's one big banana!
Rusty is a great dog name.
YES I KNOW THIS DOG I FEEL FAMOUS THIS IS THE BEST DOGGO 
Does he have narcolepsy?
Ive never been a huge fan of the miniatures. They're more prone to back problems cause their legs are so inadequate. It's why I've opted for the standard breeds. Still, Rusty is very cute.
[He eat da bananner](https://i.imgur.com/UI5LA9f.gifv)
My friend has two dachshounds ... One normal one and one miniature ... The "miniature" one is bigger 
[I know that face from the second panel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UE_yw0orYEA)
lolllll bananaer
Dis is my hekin blannaba!
SON IS THAT YOU??
Does he have narcolepsy?
I have two mini dachshunds myself, two of the sweetest little girls I’ve ever met. Hope you and your pup have a great life together!
So that's how Hand Banana was made on ATHF!! 
**So.  Fucking.  Adorable.**  😍
Now has coffee table for scale.
Oh my goodness. He's ADORABLE.
That face! Heart melted!! 
Holy shit. That thing is so fucking cute. 
Makes me miss my Weiner dog. He passed just over a year ago. :(
That look in the second panel
I like short-hairs the best!
That banana is bigger than your wiener 
When you accidentally teach your dog to have better potassium habits than you in your diet.  Enjoy the leg cramps while he circles you, you lazy potato couch!
He'll nibble on the skin and never touch it again.
Careful there, my pup ate my banana peel earlier today. Didn't expect that.
What a cutie:) how old is he?
Did you catch him mid scratch or was he getting ready to charge up?
We had a dachshund named Rusty quite a few years back! He had Cushings, so he was extremely large for his breed...anyone want to see a 30lb dachshund?
My first thought of the name rusty

https://youtu.be/CY5PMT-_rLg

Also for the messed up people in this thread
https://youtu.be/JB4Z0LNGBPY
Is this  r e v e r s e  loss
"Dis mine nao."
Oh my God, when I was a kid we had a dachshund named Rusty too! I was too young to really remember him well, but my parents only had him for maybe a month before realizing 3 kids and a puppy was too much responsibility. I hope that little guy lived a happy life. Aw shoot now I’m sad.
Does he suffer from narcolepsy?
So cute.  Now I want one!
thoroughly enjoying the banana
"how you like these bananananas ?"
banana measurements and Rusty's measurements plz
Rusty knows that thing is too ripe and wanted to save you. Good boy.
Any relation to this Rusty?

https://youtu.be/-zVCYdrw-1o
Adorable 
Minis rule, this is a smart pup.
omgaahhhddd he's so keyuuutee 
You are about to have a litter of baby Bananahunds.
MY HEART!! This just brings me back to when my minis were babies.
Dragged that banana off. Rumor has it that banana was never heard from or seen again
"WHY YOU LITTLE...." -fat bald dude
SOoooooo, like your banana split?
Look at that daschund dashing off with your banana
How small is a mini dachshund?? Aren't the regular ones only like 8 pounds? 
Did you get the banana back?
My dog will destroy bananas.  He eats them peel in all.  He also eats rocks 
Me flirting IRL
That’s one cute banana bandit.
I'd do the same for my Chihuahua Nina, two years old at the point but shed be scared of the banana. She weighs two pounds and hides from just about everything in existence.
The second picture is killing me. That pup is illegally cute.
Here is another photo. The banana is for scale.


[Banana Scale](https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/3s5z9r/giant_banana_hemmm/?st=JCK474SC&sh=8c3dae23) 
What an ugly banana, 3/10
I wish puppy don't grow up
[removed]
Banana is for doggo.
Mini dachshund? Isn't that redundant? 
I wish I could infinitely up vote this
Look at that cute little asshole (*pun*)
That is an adorable banana.
All I see is banana walking a small dog 
Gone to go eat the banana
Ahhhhhwwwwwww! :33
Massive antibiotic hormone induced banana. 
About that same size of my beagle! at 10 weeks he was so tiny and a month later he still is small but I’m sensitive to his growth and can already tell he is growing up! Still can carry him around and he doesn’t mind
Banana for Rusty.
That top-right picture looks like he's all like "you SEE this banana? You see it!? What am I supposed to do with this banana??"
Yyyonk!
Never mind the puppy that is one sexy banana.
Where on earth did you get such a humongous banana?
Nice
Such a cute dog! 
You own this?

I own this.
He do like the banana 
Maybe try a hotdog for scale next time.
Oh my god! I need one!
That face in the second picture.

LOL.
See ya later, banana.
>This is mine now

*-Rusty*
lil' chomp!
He’s off to go measure other things to scale.
I would like to submit [Daisy](https://imgur.com/oYuVlQs) for consideration as well
We need a video or a gif please let this happen

I've got a dachshund named Rusty too! He was supposed to be a miniauture, but he ended up growing quite big. Still love him lots, even though he takes up too much space in the bed. Good thing he sleeps with the parents now, but now I'm wishing I was home to hang with him :/
NOW how will you figure out the size of objects?!
I get irrationally angry when I see dachshund puppies. I want to squeeze them so hard but I know they'll die! They are so cute! 
he burgled ur nanners!
My banana
When he holds it in his mouth, it looks like a trombone!
He's not quite sure what you gave him, but he has accepted it and will raise it as his own!
I can see the future now...after 12 years you gonna post a pic with banana and bigger Rusty...but only difference would be there would be no banana as it would have been peeled off already
Oh my gosh I have a dachshund named Rusty and he is perfect 
I like small dogs now
Dear God, a photo of a hot dog stealing a banana. What a time to be alive.
I had a mini dachshund named Rusty for like 17 years. He was a huge part of my childhood and ill remember him forever. I hope your Rusty playes as meaningful a part of your life as mine did to me. <3
Sweet
The banana is actually 7 feet long
It’s a tiny wiener doggie. 

Dragging a bananer. 

Squeeee ...
So adorable. He really wanted that banana.
Wow must be the worlds largest banana to trick us!
Aww!   He's barely a banana!
That's too cute! My dachshund loves bananas!
I thought he was crapping the banana out in the last photo, but I guess I was just seeing his leg.
My mini used to quack like a duck when it was sick of its walk and wanted me to carry her home. People would yell at me that I'm choking her and all kinds of stuff but she was just a punk
Bananas are my dachshund’s favorite food. Rusty seems to be getting a head start!
"You want to take a picture of me with a banana? You're gonna post it to Reddit aren't you? Using me for Karma? Not today sunshine, not today."
My dachshund loves bananas.
This is just too cute 
It that full grow?
I swear i've seen that face before in a meme of a dog. Anyone know what i'm talking about? 
The 2nd photo is him literally being happy that you gave him a banana as a gift
You should've used a wiener for scale. 
Doxies march to the cadence of their own drummers.  
I prefer rusty for scale.... From now on
“In a few years this banana will seem slightly smaller than it is now”
As a doxxie feeding human. Can confirm.

I have two mini dachshunds, about the same size as Rusty, maybe a little bigger cuz they're older. It's so true that they make all of your stuff theirs, and they're pretty aggressive with strangers but they're so loveable with me. I love them so fucking much, I can't imagine what I'm going to do when they're gone in a few years. 
That second picture you can see he's planning something and then the last two he takes the banana
Lol

I had a brown/red haired Dachshund named Rusty. He was my bestie. Loved being outside and chasing small animals. I lived in rural South Carolina, and after a long day out playing with other dogs or hunting, he would “knock” on the door to come back inside whenever he wanted. My dad spoiled him to death and would always cook him a smaller steak when we would grill. He knew not to go in the road because of cars, but he ended up getting hit. My dad took it the hardest because he was like a child. He was a character though. I hope your Rusty brings you as much happiness as mine did! It’s a special name and breed
Sooolko cute though 
He long gone
Another good one recruited by the nefarious Yiga clan.
He can’t possibly be full grown!?!😍
bow chica bow wow
You know.. these to scale pictures always just makes the object used to scale look the opposites. So that looks like a big ass banana to me...
I have the same Ikea coffee table...
!redditbanana
"Thank you for your sacrifice. I will not eat your shoes tonight."
Needs more jpeg
My heart can't handle this 
TBH that’s a huge banana 
"Fuck your shit human!"
What a beaut!
"Fuck you and your banana. I'm taking it btw."
Soooo cute! Love doxies!!!
If you look real closely at the bottom left picture, you'll see that the banana looks like the snout of a dog!
I also had a mini weenie. Her name was Allie. She was great. Had her from the time I was six until 22. I’m sure rusty will be great, too :’) 
Banana down banana down 
This puts the ['ba'](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D-UmfqFjpl0) in 'banana'.
Congratulations. You played yourself. 
“Yoink!”
Makes me miss my old buddy Hasslehoff. Maybe need to get another, awesome little dogs
Mine was the size of a rat when we got it aha
Banana for scale... more like, banana for lunch. 
One of my friends growing up had one of these pups and it made me really want one of my own.
My grandmother had a miniature dachsund that got to be almost 30 lbs (they're supposed to be 11 lbs on average) and his stomach was so big and legs were so short that his stomach dragged on the ground. He was surprisingly active for how overweight he was and was a very sweet dog
This shit is bananas.
That nanner bigger than that Lil pup
Had a mini dachshund named Rusty too, lived to be 17 years old and was my best companion. Hoping this little guy brings you years of smiles like mine did!
How big is the banana? Have you an apple to scam the banana on so I can scale the puppy?
Lol.
P O T A S S I U M B O Y E
I almost named my dog Rusty, but went with Tyler instead. Good choice!
It's either a massive banana or a tiny puppy. My bet is on the latter.
I want that dog. We are meant to be together. 
I wish we could see him bite into it! 
[Opposite ends of the same coin.](https://imgur.com/a/RjpYL)
Omg my dachshunds name is rusty too!
Banana Phone
He thought you said banana for sale.
Is he named after Vacation Rusty or Seinfeld Rusty?
He's so cute. I shoulda done this with my dog when he was a pup 
Haha love it. 

Here’s another attempt at banana for scale.  https://www.amazon.com/dp/B078JSB46T/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_3DayAbX2SGZ31

Soo cute! I love the cheeky waddle off with the banana. 
Totally adorable!!! My wieners always loved bananas!!!
Hee hee. They also live miniature carrots. 
Please tell him I love him.
I am dying of cuteness.
that look in the second picture... my dog gets the exact same look right before he starts doing zoomies lol. 
Your username concerns me

Didn't even try to stop that thief.
Very cute. Good to star my day with this little one.
He's so cheeky. Could I bprrow him, for like a week to maybe forever? 
How long did it take before it got excited and wizzed all over the banana?
So I read banana for sale 
Orange is the new scalar fruit.
One of my first two pups was a goofy golden named Rusty. Good name for a handsome lookin brown boi like this
that second photo he has the same face as that dog who eats your homework meme. "go on tell em'. their not gonna believe you" 
Mine now!
Wow. He's like 1/4 the size of my cat.
That's a big banana comparing to a standard banana size. 
Uh oh.  Hope you're prepared for wiener life.
great picture
Looks more like banana for tail.
Hahahaha
Ahh the official measurement of 9gag
Long. Twice as long as a mini dachshund. 
that's a nice banana you got there,it would be shame if someone took it,yonk
So small an adorable 
I thought for sure the last pic was going to be him humping it lol
I my goodness he’s such a cute little guy!! 
I’ve got a three year old mini, and the tippy taps they do are the best. Full body vibration. 
Such a cutie!! Thanks hooman! :))
LOOK AT ME!

I have the banana now.
What's going on top right?
I am currently contemplating puppy napping
All this did was make me forget how big a banana was so I had to go grab one for reference.
banan
Typical dachshund 
damn that's a huge banana
I actually dont know how to deal with all of this cuteness right now... Im overloaded with cuteness and Im not sure how I feel about it
Great banana, looks like it came from the congo. 
I'll just leave this here. https://youtu.be/CY5PMT-_rLg
S T E A L  T H E  B A N A N
[This dachshund, Rusty...](https://youtu.be/CY5PMT-_rLg) 
https://i.imgur.com/prOyjyZ.jpg
Cutie!!
I'll be good and cute.

PSYCHE!

This nana is mine, good bye. 
lol what s cute doggo 
OK awwwww, you win the internet today.
If this ain't the cutest fucking think I ever saw
His ears are so big and even itchier!!
Yellow, green, *and* brown banana? He knew you deserved better than that
That is cute dog haha nice
*porn music starts playing*
Thanks for my new friend! See ya later! 
*This dachshund, Rusty, suffers from narcolepsy. A condition that makes him suddenly fall asleep when he is trying to do other things.*

Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CY5PMT-_rLg
Seen here in it’s habitat, the mini-Dachshund takes down its natural prey the banana.
i need dis
If Jeff Dunham hadn’t described his dog Rusty to the extent that he has, I’d ask if you’re him.
Such a scene stealer! Cute fur baby.
He is soooooo cute!!!!! I love him!!!!! 💛💚💙
I love this!!
When I was a child, my first dog was a dachshund named Rusty. I had that pupper for as long as I could remember and we had to put him down when I was a preteen. It was the saddest day of my childhood and the first time I lost a family member, even if it was just a pet dog. I miss him to this day.
Banana for steal? 
Rusty: 1

poppycocklovegood: 0
Is nobody gonna talk about how he looks like the kid from that gif who looks like smeegol or whatever 
You can just see the happy tail wag <3
Looks like he took the banana and split.
This is my banana. There are many like it, but this one is mine. My banana is my best friend. It is my life. I must master it as I must master my life. Without me, my banana is useless. Without my banana, I am useless.
I looked at this horizontally on my phone and I only saw the frost 2 pictures and didn’t get it. Had no idea there was another set of pictures. Stupid imgur 
He's got that weiner dog sass. I love it!
Holy craap I'm so jealous, how freaking adorable!
"Is mine"
Well your first mistake is that dachshunds are supposed to be scaled with sausages, not bananas.  You can expect good results if you’re not using the correct tools. 

In addition, I want your dog GIMME GIMME GIMME GIMME!!!!!!!!
Well done Rusty, well done.
Take care of him, I have a mini dachshund and even though he is a healthy weight (the Vet always tells me he is a great weight and most Dachshunds she sees are overweight)

But my point I am trying to get at is they love to jump onto the couch and off the bed, ect. This is really bad for their backs, the stairs too.

Mine who is only 5 years old jumps on everything and he has had to take medicine for his back multiple times.


Don't let him jump on furniture or go up stairs. Jumping on and off things is bad for their weiner backs.
They come in mini!?
love the bamboozle face
Man! I love dogs
Banana, puppy for scale.
He ready
What is a dachshund rusty
This totally made me tear up. I had a mini dachsund named Rusty from the time he was a pup up until he passed at the age of 15. You have many happy years ahead of you!
Oh you gave me a nanner.
Don't mind if I...
Just gonna go over...
Kay bye.
I have a dachshund as well, he'll be celebrating his 16th birthday in a few days :)
How old is he?
He is very cute 
My first miniature dachshund was a Rusty! He was mischievous and always got into something. His successor, Milo, could give two shits about anything. Give your good boi a belly rub for me!
Ayyy
Man proposes, dog disposes.  
I have had dachshunds all my life, there's pretty much nothing cuter than a dachshund puppy. ❤️
So your saying is he can fit on a corgi loaf to eat?
PROTECT HIM AT ALL COSTS!!
“For me?? You shouldn’t have! Bye now.”
That a $600 dog right there
hahah you are right
"You're trying to compare me to a banana? 

Bitch please- this banana doesn't serve me justice." 
Rusty. So cute. He is precious.
No lie my roommate pronounced this as douche hand instead of dachshund
That’s hilarious I have the same exact type of dachshund his name is also Rusty....
r/banannaforscale
Hey my pupper was named Rusty when I got him! He is now a Sevro (au Barker). Gratuitous [pic](http://imgur.com/afmrHSP) of adoption day. 

He is now an 18 m/o long [boye](http://imgur.com/CCOoTQi)
Your puppy is really cute
This is so adorable that I might be crying right now. 
How am I supposed to know how big that banana is with such a small dog for scale?
Wiener dog owner here. Prepare for that shit but with your socks, slippers and everything foot related. 

Or maybe my dog is weird af
Is he named after Rusty, the narcoleptic dachshund??! https://youtu.be/-zVCYdrw-1o
The joys of a lil wiener. Have fun. Mines getting old now (12 soon).

I remember the 1st time we meet. He could fit in my palm. I took him outside, and he marked me. No lies, he whizzed on my foot. I knew then we would be friends.
That top right picture makes me laugh, he has that "you fool!" Face
I have a Doxie and bananas are his favorite snack. 
My grandma's old miniature Doxie was named Rusty too! So cute!
Mah nigga
My god, what a little cute pub. So adorable!
I had a mini dachshund named Rusty, too! He was the first dog my family had that was mine, and he was a great dog. Enjoy your pup!
But the banana could be the average 5 inch 

Omg! He is adorable! 
As a fellow mini dachshund owner, I approve of this. When I first got my guy, he was about the size of a small baked potato. Such a fun breed but they are very stubborn, be warned. 
Wow that's a huge Banana!
eBay: “dog-sized banana”
That dastardly dachshund!!
I’d buy him a bunch of bananas to see him stay this happy !!!!
my my my my banana
My 17-year-old Dachshund just passed last week. =(  I love these dogs so much! They are so cute and mine was such a good boy!! Rusty sure is a cutie!! =)
He's a cutie pie.
Good LORD that puppy is adorable!
So long, and thanks for all the bananas
Ah the ol’ “I’m just gonna scratch my ear.... psych! My banana!” trick. What a cutie.
Honestly though, how big is this banana?
This... This is mine now 
Thank for Banan *waddle waddle*
What a username btw
I wonder what the new scale will be if bananas actually go extinct 
Awe my baby dachshund is on my lap right now.  she’s 92 months old ;)
Rusty. Thats a girl dog, Im guessing. A frustrated one. 
Can't tell if big banana, or small pupper
Goodbye scale
Please do not let the dog eat the peel or banana! Unless you want a sick dog on your hands. I know this is awww, but Id really hate for the pup to at very least leave you some bad messes😣🎃
You pet that puppy for me right now!
I have a German standard (30 lbs!!), and I used to pet sit an old neighbor's minis. I've learned doxies are horrible at pictures! They're wiggly and uncooperative, no matter what size! He's a cutie! 
Oh my god he is so small
“Woah! Free banana!”
i'm so sorry but for some reason my brain saw your username as "puppycocklovegood" and i was a little concerned
Wait, so which one is the banana?
The Dog: ... You Fool!
That second picture, "You think this is amusing? I'll show you."
Hey, my sister have a dachshund named Rusty too! Except he's an old fat fart.

Your weenie dog is so cute! <3
aw so cute 
Now I plan on naming a puppy "Scale."
So cute
That banana looks like it’s seen some shit.
Username checks out. 
ok but that banana looks huge
That puppy is the most adorable little fruit thief, even though she is all bananas now.
I love you, Rusty!
That's a big banana

How did banana for scale even start?
I love it
how cute
Quick, give him other things for scale and post the results.
His face in the second panel!! If only dogs could talk. :)
Well it was his banana!
SO CUTE ❤️ He does look like he’s having a hard time dragging it away tho
RIP banana
Adorable little pupper!!!

also, welcome to 9ga... i mean reddit. 
You should invest in putting some boards or something under your bed, we had a problem with ours going under our bed and using the restroom 
Omg so adorable!!!  This remind me of my first weiner dog named Zeus. He was the  best dog ever and he could fit inside my dad's hands. 
That banana is friggin huge 
Can someone convert this into Joses for me?
iamyourpapi now
hahaha so randumb banana for scale hahaha 
What a cute banana!
He's so tiny!! 
He’s a sweetie!
That's either a really small dog or a really large banana.
OP, on the chance that this is your first dachshund, I feel it prudent to warn you that 50% of your blankets are now his. These little guys are snuggle monsters. That aside, he is sooooooo cute. It must take every ounce of self control you have just to not moosh the hell out of dat nose. <3
D'aww 🤗 dat wittle pup make me vewy happy 😙🐶
That’s his banana now! 
Does he suffer from narcolepsy?


I can't get over how cute he is! His eyes are beautiful. 
Awwwwwwwwww
the top right

*PREPARING ZOOMIES*
RIP that poor bananer
im confused, i just see two bananas?
I can feel my nose itching Looking at that rug.
When you say "mini dachshund" does that mean that's as big as he gets?
My nanner now hooman! 
Rusty!!!!!!
He's off (with) the scale!
What a cutie patootie!!!
Dear god, rusty. You are too cute to be legal. Which is lucky  because I have a feeling you’re going to be a brat to potty train! But oooooo look at his widdle feet feet! 
B+ for Banana for scale
I have a mini daschund and her name is pocket cos when she was a puppy I could put her in my pocket.
This makes me sad. I used to carry my mini dachshund Cali in the pocket if my robe. She loved it in there. She never had to leave my lap even when I got up for a snack.
What a huge banana
Somehow I feel the dog provided me a scale for the banana... That's a really big banana :p

Awe he’s storing food for the winter. So cute 
I needed this today
Banana for steal
Dat bing donson
Classic weenie
Seems like your banana ran off with that dog, pal. 
How to spell banana?is it bananna or banana? Idk,banana doesn’t seem right to me.
That's a damn lie.  Dogs don't like bananas. 
Why is such a variably sized fruit used so frequently for scale 
It loves banana like a monkey :)
Next time use inches or finger nail of princess of some old world country sth. Because its logical option!.. do not think about international bullshit.. (where is my popcorn)
That second pic, "SOME BODY TOUCHA MAH BONAN!!??"
That’s the longest banana stem I’ve ever seen
So cute it hurts my soul. Mini dachshund?! 😍
Get that 9gag shit outta here
He found the banana to be...a-peeling
"Yes, this shall be my first victim of my new dungeon. Come, this way to my darkness."
Please tell me you live in CA, I’ve been looking for a Rusty-type forever! 
look at that cute little asshole
At first i thought that banana was over sized.
http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/facebook/000/010/390/pC8jf5t4eWCDKcMu.jpg
Now thats a big ass banana
Banana for a scale is a 9gag thing, right?
I call giant banana
ba ba ba ba ba nana
Ba ba ba ba ba nana
Bananaaa
"Banana for scale? No, banana for me!"
Caption suggestions for the panels:

"Nice banana you have here. Would be a shame if someone..."

"...STOLE IT!"

"Yoink!"

"*scooch scooch*"
I like how it looks like the banana has the face of a sad dog in the third image.
Is a goodboye!
He's the best boy... actually the bestest boy :)
So cute, something about Dachshunds in particular bring out the softy in me. What are they like to own, OP? I'm looking into getting one myself.
Now that I have seen this there is no way my first dog isn’t going to be a Dachshund. Good little banana lover. 🐶❤️🐶❤️🐶❤️🐶❤️🐶❤️🐶❤️🐶❤️
How dare you interrupt his private time for your silly banana scale! 
Excuse me for 10 minutes, I wish to be alone with the banana.
My stick!
Let’s hope he’s not narcoleptic like the other rusty the dachshund  
They stay that small?
<drags kill off to lair>
[Is he narcoleptic?](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=-zVCYdrw-1o)
My dad's dachshund was named Rusty, as is mine. :) What a good name.
Little smol thing awwww
Nyawwwwww ❤️ 
Love the second picture
What a cutie!
Me and banana-man ain't got time for this "photoshoot"
I love it! My dachshund was this tiny also. He grew so fast. Enjoy the little pup while you can, before he becomes a monster! 
https://imgur.com/gcSmOGg
u/mamamiapizzapia
I didnt know Mini Daschunds are a thing! Do they play well with other animals in an apartment type environment?
[Rusty the Narcoleptic Dachshund](https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=1&v=-zVCYdrw-1o)
Ba ba ba ba ba bananaaaa potatoooooo
I also have a minidox named Rusty! He's in a bad way the last few days, getting old and I think his back is going out :[
"This meme is old, please let it die." - Rusty
https://imgur.com/gallery/6TWlb I was inspired by this smol pupper
[Is he narcoleptic?](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=-zVCYdrw-1o)
The right upper photo .... I’m dead
ok but that banana looks huge
Freakin adorable! <3
“The wild Dachshund guards his kill covetously before dragging it back to his cave.  The banana will feed him for much of the winter...”
That top-right picture looks like he's all like "you SEE this banana? You see it!? What am I supposed to do with this banana??"
I seen this on IG about a week ago. 
I turned Rusty into an /r/ilikthebred poem. [I hope you like it](https://www.reddit.com/r/ilikthebred/comments/7tylpg/f_o_t_o_b_o_y_e/?utm_source=reddit-android).
QUESTION: How do you pronounce dachshund? I always thought it was pronounced "Dash\-oond", but every youtube pronunciation video says it's pronounced "Dack/Duck\-sind or Dacks/Ducks\-hind". I've noticed these videos can be a little inaccurate, depending on where you live (eg: British pronunciation vs American pronunciation is very different) so you can wind up looking like a tit if you follow the wrong version lol.

Just wondering how you guys pronounce it? Or are you like me, and you pretend to forget the word because you're too scared to be the first person you've ever heard pronouncing it, and you don't want to look like a total fool? :/
This isn't loss, but it should be.
Ya know, I once knew a horse named Rusty.
[He's not gonna fall for the banana in the tail pipe.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7yXUvEvwao)
Wiener dog steals wiener fruit. News at 11.
Training you early, is what he's thinking.  "Ha later loser" 
Wow. So mini. Much cute. Wow.
hahah
He head too big for he got damn banana
omg
doggo take nanna now... 
That’s okay, a Cucumber for size doesn’t work either... (for cats)
What’s this, 9gag?
This isn’t 9gag
You better eat that dog soon OP. Also you have a really cute banana! 
Dachsunds already have health problems as a result of being inbred for certain traits.  Why are people doubling down on this by making miniature versions of an already small dog breed?
Came back to say I honestly can't stop looking at these pics. Thanks for putting a grin on my face this early in the morning, usually it's all frowns 'til noon :)

Prepare for your carpet to be ruined. 
The scale of Imgur!
Why do people like tiny little dogs that my cat can eat? I mean, I'd be afraid to pick it up for fear of hurting it. I certainly would be afraid of taking it for a walk.
Someone do me a favor and stylize the upper right panel and add "NANI?!" 
It’s gonna shove it up it’s ass
I hate these dogs 
What a waste of a dog. 
r/mypeopleneedme
Bro, i think someone gave you a big rat instead of small dog. 
