This is real love. 
You can watch that man's burdens from the day melt away as he kisses and hugs his dog. He's home.
Oh man, i could tell this is Brazil just by looking to the dog. He looks like the average brazilian street dog: the color, the ears, the fur.. Everything. As someone who volunteers on a few shelters in Brazil i've seen so many dogs like this one, and they are always sweet and docile. I love this kind of mutt. Mine is a little bigger and her fur is darker but she loves to hug me when i get home. 
Plot twist: Dog is the owner

“Pay homage human and kiss my paw”
Dogs literally love us till death. 


E: Therefore we should love them back. Please spay and neuter your fur babies. And please adopt from a shelter. Those are the best ones imo. 

You guys, cmon. You control the pet population so you cut down on euthanasia. And dogs are healthier when they’re spayed or neutered. They live longer. And shelter dogs are better IMHO because of mixed breeding. Better genes, healthier dogs. Pure breeds are prone to disease and illness. Sheesh.
My fish, Optimus Prime, does circles in his bowl when I get home, but it's possibly unrelated. Ive made bad life choices.

Edit: a Pic of Optimus 
https://i.imgur.com/wDJADNO.jpg
This makes me happy. I have a cat that was sick as a feral kitten and therefore doesn't have a voice really. He grunts at me as I come in until I pick him up and give him a good lovin. He won't even eat food when I pour it until I pet him. When he was sick as a kitten I carried him around in a Sierra Nevada beer box with me everywhere I went. His name is Wiley similar to Wile E Coyote because he just tries to make trouble.  
Aww nuts.
That guy looks like uncle phil from fresh prince
/r/MasterReturns
I only wish the video had run on a few more seconds.

Or hours.
BALLS BALLS BALLS BALLS BALLS BALLS BALLS BALLS BALLS 
What a joy to come home to!
Is that a piece of a soccer field ?
I love his little tail wiggle at the beginning. He’s like, “Yay! There’s my person!”
My hormones can't handle this! I'm not crying, you're crying! 
Such love and loyalty. I love you, welcome home. How can you not love
Coming home to this? 
#BIG BOI BALLS
[I adopted Alfie](https://imgur.com/gallery/hFDvU) from the pound two days ago and he looks just like this guy! Got him to show his doofus grin while we were playing today and I can’t wait to see it again and again. Seriously I’m already in love with my good boy. 
Dog has a nice pair of balls.
The guy probably needs some comforting after that whole incident on the artificial wave at the water park. 
Such a wonderful gentleman and a beautiful pup.


Both have gentle loving hearts.
That's dog has got massive balls 
balls
I love houses in Brazil.  It's like they're made out of a smidge of this and a smidge of that.
My doggy gives me a hug when I get home from wrk too. Lol so sweet

The way he wags his tail at the beginning 
My dog gives me hugs every time I walk in.. even if it's just me running to get the mail... Never fails to make my day
I would literally marry anyone or anything that treated me like that
This man is richer than all of us
My dog would have pissed all over my shirt during that hug.
Nice ballz 
Well, that’s just about the cutest thing I’ve ever seen.
Uncle Phil!
Fuck my cat. 
What kind of dog is that ? 
This gif is indeed the dogs' bollocks.
Dem balls.
[deleted]
so strange to see a dog's nuts
What a great gif to end on an otherwise unsatisfying workweek! <3
I was watching this in a restaurant and the sad music synchronized perfectly
Uncle PHILLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
i feel like Brazil?
From the dog to the gentleman, I can't help but feel like this is home, and I don't even live there. This is precious, and my heart melts but also breaks a little. It's all so fleeting and fragile, but it's moments like these that make you appreciate all of your furry and non-furry loved ones.
Who wouldn't feel great after being received with such love 
*dogfather...*

`kiss paw`

you adopted me years ago, but this is the first time you come to my stairs. I don't remember you even throwing the ball to me, even though you are master

*I’ll give you anything you want, just please do what I ask*

from me, you get hug

*dogfather.*

some day, and that day may never come, I would like to call upon you to do me a belly rub in return
To us, we are owner among family, but to them. We're just family. Doggos and kittehs are the best man. The fuckin best. When I get married, I want my dog to be my best man. Idgaf about all the responsibilities. My dog will be my best man
Uncle Phil from Fresh Prince has seen some hard times
Not waiting for owner. Waiting for brother. 
We don't deserve dogs.
We don't deserve dogs man.
I've said it before and I often get downvoted, I am a lifelong dog owner, will be until I die, but human beings do not deserve these beautiful creatures!
I like how the doggie goes to shake paws and the guy takes the paw and kisses it.  Take my man card.  Don't care.  I love dogs.  Cats are usually asshole.  Dogs, though, they're the bees knees. 
Was expecting something like this. [Pshhht](https://youtu.be/OCvmZ-lfkqM) 
That's a male dog bro... he was going for the fist bump... hit that dog with some love shit lol
Our best friends 
"Sup dog."

"AY YO WADDUP DAWG PUT IT THERE."
When his stubby little tail wags 😭😭😭😭
If it takes forever

I will wait for you...
jiggle jiggle
So adorable!
If my dogs did this I would DIE
The worst is wanting a doggo so bad, but understanding the pup I want (golden, husky, german shepard) and it's not fair to have them in an apartment. My motivation to buy a house to be honest 😁
My dog just pees lol, I'm jealous
True love makes everything better! ❤️
o.O
Omg I want a dog again!
This is the sweetest thing on earth
Get me a SO like that man in red! 
Truly a mans best friend right there!
I feel like generations have a much different view on dogs than they did in the past 
This is the best. 
I actually teared up watching this
Love it. 
I love you man. . It shows what type of person you are 
Part of the center circle from some stadium in Brazil? 
Must be such an amazing feeling knowing something loves you so much
Thank you for an amazing end to a shitty week. 
God damn... that dog gets treated better than some chicks out here! They would die for a man to come home to the like that. Haha! 
Of all the gold earning posts I have recently seen in r/aww this one deserves it more than any I can recall.

So, from a man with little expendable income, here is what I can spare https://m.imgur.com/gallery/f0Iu0xE
the dainty princess kiss before the hug oh god
What kind of dog is that
How long it took you to train him?
What I love about this is the way this guy could be working in a shitty job, not getting paid much, getting shouted at and talked down to all day but to this dog he's THE most important person in the world. 
My heart ❤️❤️❤️
This guy looks remarkably close to the one in the artificial surfing tumble video ...
Did he do the m'lady back hand kiss?
What a calm boy
I'm going to have to un-sub from here for awhile. My dog just passed Tuesday and this made me cry. Jace didn't even do anything like that but it still makes me cry. wtf. 
Remember, when male dogs had balls?
Hopefully the owner wasn’t the one that shortened the poor thing’s tail. :( 
Please tell me this man isnt homeless and merely has a shoddy home :(
Watched this over and over....
when he kissed his paw every meaningful thing in my life fell to pieces and I wanted what they have 
I literally woke my boyfriend up to make him watch this. So sweet.
I watched this like twenty times. 😭
Is that Kenny Powers’ brother?
Yes the dog was glad he came home in one piece after watching a gif of his owner almost get shredded up by that gnarly wave.
Dog are the best friend . They are happy with just little handshake and love and keep a smile on your face forever.
I’m almost in tears reading all these comments. My beagle is about a year old now and recently we’ve been forced to move. I live in LA and this apartment is one of the few cheap places I can find that accept dogs. Also it’s the first time I’ll be living on my own (I’m 22) since my mothers going away for a year. This just reaffirmed my choice to find a place I can bring her rather then give her up. I can’t imagine her on her own without me. I’d miss her too damn much.
So wholesome 
The wait...aww

The paw...awwwwwww

The hug...AWWWWWWWWWWW ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
Dogs are a men's best friend. Unfortunately I am allergic to dogs and cats
M'lady
The kiss on the paw stops my heart. So much appreciation. Dogs rely on their owners for everything. For eating, drinking, using the bathroom. Some of us are not worthy. 
Nothing is greater and more pure than the love between a man and his dog. Sorry ladies, but you're number 2 if you're together with a dog owner.
the tail shake as soon as the man walks in is just so cute!!!
Home is where your dog is
that dog has huge balls
There's something about his big hands stroking the dog that makes this all the more beautiful 
That is one lucky owner. 
"thanks for not cutting my balls off dad"
This dude is famous. I just saw him wipe out and nearly drown on one of those real life surfing simulators. 
HE KISSES THE PAW ❤️❤️❤️
> Waiting for ~~owner~~ family

ftfy
We don’t deserve dogs, 
Best friends, right there. 
Did this guy steal the 50 yard line?

That little butt wiggle though! So cute!
Awe the sweeet hugs 
I love this
No one will ever love you more than your dog.
That hug <3
The feels

seems like they've been friends for 30 years
reminds me of my last apartment, not
So much love. Thanks for sharing. This dog truly loves you and there is a reason for that. YOU love him. 😘😘😘
Ohhhh my god 😭
r/masterreturns
The purest love in the universe. I literally stayed because I couldn't bear to leave my dogs.
This is the kind of love I want.
MADE MY DAY!!!! thank you, I needed that!
Awww si lovely
Went off to school leaving my dog.  Now when I'm the only one home she sits for hours in front of the door waiting for my dad to come home.  I can only lure her away with squeaky toys and food. 
Daym Drops lookalike 
This is in Tijuana?
Lol my dog does that...will be super aggressive with it until I acknowledge him. He is technically my girlfriends dog but he likes me better and will stare at me when my girlfriend pets him. He is a slut, but a good slut, a loving, amazing dog slut who I would probably take a bullet for.
How sweet! ❤
Why can’t I be loved like that... 😢
Nothing better after a long day at work.  The alpha coming home and giving you first love...the paw kiss.  

Like a married couple.
I actually said aww out loud watching this. 

AOL?
Sooooo sweet
That doggo will love that man till the end. Such a good boy.
We don't deserve dogs. 😭
Owner? Father. 
Man I wish I came home to a dog like this
For those not in the know, this is what good parenting earns you, whether your baby is a human, dog or cat.  
This makes existence ok.
Man, this just makes me feel all warm and fuzzy. I need to get a family dog
Whenever i havent seen my dog for a while he jumps up and cuddles me. Hes a 14 year old golden retreiver



Mad respect dog 
Dogs are the coolest. 
Thats one hell of a god father 
And this is why I’m a dog person.
My boxer is going on six years old. And seeing his hair slowly fall off and seeing him gradually run for shorter periods of time it makes me unbelievably sad. 
Dog Corleone, the Dogfather
Is this Brazil or somewhere in Latin America?
this makes my heart hurt because i know one day that dog will die and that man will be so broken
Bro hug
I miss my dog waiting for me R.I.P
I love dog hugs like that so much
Oh my god this is the cutest shit ive ever seen
Dog is humans friend!
life is just a series of dogs - Katt Williams 
Did this dog have boner the whole time?
Well that's just the greatest fucking thing!
I want to marry a man like that!
Beautiful 
That was the cutest thing I’ve seen in a very long time!
beautiful man love : )

.
What a good dog.
Omg it goes from awww to Awwwwhhhhh muuuhh GOOOOODDD
Love how the guy kisses the dogs paw like he has so much love and respect for him/her.

Swear this is so lovely.
I think Dogs have accomplished more during their evolution of being our guardian angels, than we have developed to become the worthy masters
This warms my heart, that is true love
Truly heart warming 😍
That is why we love our pups....that unconditional love they give.
That  sooo cute 
"Kiss the ring"
The Dogfather
Am I the only one that was wired out by him kissing the dogs foot??
If only we can see ourselves through a dog’s eyes, the world would be a better place.
We don’t deserve dogs.  
is dra lit
Dog: You were gone for a whole 5 seconds!
This makes me really happy.
M'lady
Priceless.
Oh the bond, and the closeness and love these two have is wonderful, I got a lil tear in my eye. Great post 
Pillowy Mounds of Mashed Potatoes
Mans best friend 🐶 
Am I right in thinking this is in Brazil?
Is that part of a field he has there?
I don’t think I’ll ever be able to fathom the depth of a dog’s love.
The feels are strongly real on this one *sniff*
That's gotta be Brazil.  Sao Paulo?
Richest man on earth, right there.
*That* is a very rich man. 
First things first rest in peace Uncle Phil
This is the most purest thing I have ever seen!
Haha when the dog raises his paws he’s like:

“Sup dude how’s it goin? :D” 
we could see that dog wag his tail so happily... IF HE HAD A TAIL
Dogs are awesome.
This would be great In R/BetterEveryLoop
[removed]
Wow
He protec but also he attac
My heart.
Staged... wonder how many bones the dog was given during practice.. 
I wish I got that type of greeting ever
Can't even think of something clever to say.  This is just beautiful.
This is beautiful. Every day I come home from work (I worn long hours) and if my little boy is still awake when I get home he runs from any part of the house he’s in yelling “dadddddyyyyyy” and jams me with the biggest hug. It’s the best thing in the world having someone you love, love you back. 
Love
The purest relationship anyone can ever hope for.
We don’t deserve their love and friendship 
I imagine that this is what it will look like when my dog greets me at the gates of heaven. 
I miss my dog.....
See, it's stuff like this that makes me wonder about reddits fascination with cats. I've had cats and dogs ever since childhood, and have never had a cat greet me with this much excitement. Ever. 
Is it just me or does it look as if the dogs testicles are tied with something? 
Why can't I find true love like that? 
Oh right, it's down at the animal rescue centre where I got my cat who grudgingly accepts my presence only at feeding time.
Or my kids when they need new sports gear.
Or my wife when...wait...scratch that one...
Damn, i got to get a dog.
I am glad they have each other to take care of. 
I’ve just watched the first 3 episodes of black mirror, so seeing this was amazing. 
Waiting for *friend*

FTFY
I want a smaller sized dog like this maybe even a tad smaller any suggestions?
We don’t deserve dogs 😩
Dogs are too good for us
Wow, I hope I can train a dog to do this in the future. That’s so amazing 
Whoa, I almost forgot dogs used to have balls.
There’s a thing I haven’t seen since the 90s! Balls on a dog.  Remember that?
It is must be Brazilian! It waits for him like a son asking for a father's blessing, which is given with a kiss on the back of the hand. Then he can hug welcoming his father! It is so nice to see it! Love it!
Awe, that is beautiful!
So sweet!! ♡♡
I like this because he hugs him and gives him hugs. ^̮^
r/whyweretheyfilming
I’m in love with this man, I’m in love with this dog.
What the fuck is up with gyfcat, none of the fucking gifs load.
This is the definition of r/MadeMeSmile
Thank you OP, I love this, I love this dog, I love this guy, and I love the love they share. 
Haha
/r/masterreturns
Better love story than twilight 
Not owner. Collaborator. 
Best dog I’ve ever been lucky enough to meet, Goldy,  a golden retriever, my bf (best friend)
in 6-7th grade, walked to his house that day, and his parents had her waiting for him,

First thing she did was run up to me and sniff the soul out of my balls, being only 11 or 12 I giggled like an idiot! 

All I’m saying is is that dogs rule 
If men could get a greeting like that from his wife then overtime eould rarely happen in this world  
Waiting for *Friend
I hope to one day be THIS loved. I'm starting to realize the only way to obtain that kind of love is with a dog. 
That would be the best part of my day. It is everyday I come home to my little girl!
Fuck it I'm just gonna sit here and watch that repeat for a few hours.
I wish my dog loved me this much. :(
just adorable
No one will ever love you as much as your dog. 
Beautiful!! :)
That a Monday after work pace.
Goal line set kept him out of the end zone!
So much love
Are dogs not the best things in the world
I know the dog is a mix but does anyone know what breeds he might have mixed in him? I just adopted a dog that looks similar and have been trying to figure out what is mixed in her.
We 

Do not

Deserve 

Dogs
look at the nuts on that one lol
This made my year
Awww : )
LOOK AT THE nutsac on that thing. I guess if I lived in a bad neighborhood I would want my dog to have his sac intact to be more aggressive. 
Enchanté, doge-mademoiselle 
That dog has massive testicles. Good for him. 
That dog is my idol! He/she receives more love than me from my bf when he comes back home 😂😂😂😂
The way he holds the dogs face.  Divine!
Humans don’t deserve dogs or cats
Awww
That game is the original talking tom
This, this is why I love dogs. All of this right here!

Now excuse me while I go hug my best boy ever.
So sweet :’)
We all know how this is gonna end guy.
Dogs gotta healthy pair a' nuts on em
Dog gives hand, "Yo dawg! whats up?"
Human, "Nudin dawug! Just tired. I missed you!"
 Where is this at
Now that's one good boi. 
Y'all make me wanna get a pup :(
Another reason why dog are called man’s bf
This is the sweetest thing ever. Few things can make me instantly love and trust a human like seeing him show this level of love for his furry best friend. So beautiful.
Dogs are the best 💓💓💓💓
“You ain’t never seen a set like this ones got on him Clark.”
I’m not crying you are 
That dog really know how to give a hug... also receive a hug. 
You can tell it's hot, and I'm not talking about the guy sweating. 
You cant look at this and tell me dogs hate hugs
That dog is abused. Not only is his tail severed. But his nub of a tail isn't even moving. He looks trained, not happy.
pure love
God I wish that were me 
I think I got something in my eye!  Best thing I have seen in a long time.
That man's kissing the ring and being welcomed into the dog mafia
Big balls 
Tears.  Actual freaking tears rolling down my face. 
That's about as good as it gets...
Do you live in a cave?
I would love to have a pet.
When your uncle Phil comes home from a busy day at city hall.
This is the cutest thing I have ever seen. Send more dog hug videos stat 
I would trade every fucking government politician for a man and woman and the love of a dog. Meaning, you want to be in charge of humans, call the shots make decisions... First you have to upload a video that shows you can make a connection with a dog like this, otherwise your just a fuckstick.
This made my heart smile
Coming home to that greeting would make me forget about every little thing that made me think I had a bad day. 
Home, is where your doggo is. 
Thats amazing, so cool.
Ii

It frustrates me that pride prevents me from loving like this. Dogs seem genuinely happy to give everything for their humans.
Looks at the nuts on this guy
Wow such love ❤
OMG yes that is beyond perfect in every way.
So, did this guy steal the sideline from a football field?
I had to watch it multiple times, that hug at the end really got me. 
Dogs are humans reincarnated 
My heart melts
More like servant.

Dog held out his paw and was like, "kiss this before you enter!"
If we do go to Heaven after we die, this is what I want it to be like. Walking through the pearly gates and being greeted by the pets that passed before us.
What country is that?

Edit: its Brazil. 
r/masterreturns
What a cute dog.
NUUUUTTTTTSAACCCKKKKK
Awe ♡♡
This is the love you earn by letting your dog keep his balls.
Looks like Brazil 
That's unconditional love right there people. Witness it. 
I think I will forever remember this as the most wonderful thing my eyes have ever seen. 
Huh, I can't remember the last time I saw nuts on a dog. Good for him.
I long for this kind of companionship. 
Damn, These onions!
He doesn't own the dog. The dog is his friend because he cares about him.
Where is that dogs tail
Thank you for not cutting *them* off!!! 
can’t be the only one noticing those fat balls
Fishies
This is the best thing
Dawgs are Awesome  !
I need more of these
Alright,I'm not a fan of the "good boye" vibe that this sub often has but god damnit that was funny.

beautiful
The man is poor, the house is old, dog may have to starve many days but their love and hug can never be bought with any.amount of money :-(
We don't deserve dogs
This looks like the beginning of The Incredible Hulk
It's the dog standing in mid air at some point?
Jesus what a great pair, I'm so jealous, but so happy for him, that's true love
True love :)
Pure love!
Why'd he open his mouth in that way when he walked onto the green bit?  
Uncle Phil? 
A basic definition of love, so sweet
[deleted]
Dog's got balls. I tried to be friendly to a dog that lives below my apartment and it would roll over and wanting me to rub its belly every time it sees me. So I do, but then later it would stand up and try to hug me and I can see its penis poking out of the skin. I felt betrayed. I just wanted to be friends.
Those third world countries will getcha 

Title recommendation: "waiting for dad"
I need a dog
True love# dogs can love you more than you love yourself!
If he had a tail, he would have waged it real hard!
why does it look like the dogs balls are tied?
That’s just so beautiful. 
Awww cute. Good luck with that, it's always so rewarding when you develop relationships with them. 
That was beautiful 
Must be in Brazil. It looks like it. Some of us also have the custom of asking for the bless for the elders in the family. 
I think we've found the worlds goodest boy
Look the size of that backpack compare to him 
We did we do to deserve dogs? 
Vai Brasil!
The layout reminds me of nazi zombies - Ascension 
Wonderful greeting.  One of love for both.
Dogs are so much better than people.
I had a dog like this back in the days.
When war began i lost him and that was the most sad day ever. :(
this just made my day what the hell
It is must be Brazilian! It waits for him like a son asking for a father's blessing, which is given with a kiss on the back of the hand. Then he can hug welcoming his father! It is so nice to see it! Love it!
Thats one hell of a god father 
This is probably the purest thing I'll see all week. 
This is beautiful! Warms my heart every time I see it. 
Cutest thing I ever seen before ❤️
Lindo.
We don’t deserve these angels 😭
Nothing in the world like a dogs love. No one and nothing is as excited to see you at the end of a long day as your dog. They're incredible. 
I don't know what we ever did to deserve dogs.
looks like uncle Phill downsized

Why are dogs so good?  They just love. 
I wanna see a cat do that😙
That's a good boy!
That's so sweet :)
This about sums up me and my doggo Luger. He is my whole world and I'm his. I'm going to be destoryed when his day comes but he got to live his whole life with me getting spoiled rotten and having the run of the house. I happened to be in the right place at the right time and saved him. He now has the best life a dog could ask for! 
*Waiting for Dad

FTFY
10/10 good boi 
We don’t deserve dogs
That was awesome dogs are amazing 
I love the hug 😂😂 dogs are the best, man 
This is why dog owners live longer.  Case in point.
Amazing that this guy lives in what looks like a slum/shantytown/favela... yet clearly works a job with an ID on a lanyard.

A lot of ways to look at that... Is he wearing his "tags" indicating who he is to "his owners"? Is it a sharp reflection of how working class members of society live in slums? That there is no prosperous middle class, anymore.. just people in slums and then people not in slums that the former work for.
I think there are only 2 unconditional love in this world.

1. Mother’s (grandma, great grandma including)
2. Dogs’

And i think human race owe a big one to dogs. Screw you Darwin. 
Remember when that shit was going around about 'hugging your dog can cause them stress' or whatever? 


That was just a sequence of event the dog was trained to do for a treat.  Nothing more nothing less.
My pit/collie turns 11 in November 😌
He just got back from his vacation. (I swear it looks like the same dude)

https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/7rnc2c/we_all_know_how_this_ends/?st=JCMVZ7T6&sh=e2a1c38d
A dog hug is just what the doctor ordered [after the long day that guy had] (https://i.imgur.com/dTUmcBg.gifv)
[deleted]
That dogs testicles are pretty big.
That dog is abused. Not only is his tail severed. But his nub of a tail isn't even moving. He looks trained, not happy.
[balls balls balls balls balls balls balls balls balls](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7tTV0cBGbaM)
Idk why people put up with cats. I mean I’m sure they can be great too but why when you can have a dog! 🇺🇸
DADDY! ;_; 

What a good pupper. 
How many beatings did it take to get that right? Mine only needs 2. 
[deleted]
[removed]
This is cute. I have a bomb sniffing dog. They are smart, but damn, when I drop a bomb in the toilet, he goes nuts.
Tank tops are a privilege, not a right.  Also, spay and neuter your dogs,.
What third word shithole is this in?
“Fellas, is it gay to kiss your dog who’s been licking his balls all day?” Spay and Neuter plz!
It would be a true Futurama moment if he never returned 
Companion*  

Edit- I apologize for harming the fragile psyche of people who think "owning" a living being is a thing. I thought we gave up on those attitudes back in 1865.
[deleted]
[deleted]
