Samoyeds are so beautiful
My post lunch workday. 
He must be in a meeting.
The cloud is having technical difficulties
[deleted]
Can anyone tell me what breed this is? Googling "cloud dog" was inconclusive 
You thought I was sleeping?

Acting.
Of course when a dog does it, it's cute. [But when I do it](http://gfycat.com/meatycaninedeviltasmanian), it's a formal discussion with my boss.
That's like a more majestic version of me throughout all of junior high, high school, and college. 
[deleted]
“I wasn’t falling asleep! Just resting my eyes”
"Huh, what just happened?"
Every bit adorable.
Got to work an hour ago and that's currently me at my desk. Thankfully I can close my office door and no one will be the wiser when my head eventually slams against my keyboard. 
Zzzz^z^z "Pls don't tell"
This is me at work today...
Sleepy cloud
How did u get a cloud in your house?!
Let the good boy shleep
"Why did you push me?"
He looks dog tired. 
Floof.exe is not responding, opens task manager... wait it’s back!
Anyone else worried about that corner on the coffee table?
I don't wanna close my eyes.

I don't wanna fall asleep,

'Cause I'd miss you, human

And I don't wanna miss a treat!
I love how they always look at you like you must have pushed him over or something. 
Groggy Doggy
That's one majestic dog.
Omg!!!! Want to snuggle the floof!
“I will not fail my master! I will not!”
Is there a subreddit specifically for animals slowly nodding off and falling over?
Had no idea sheep sleep sitting up 
7th hour in my office and this is exactly how I feel right now. 
Been there, buddy
My shibe does this when she begs. She sits there and stares so hard her head starts rocking back and forth as it slowly falls down and her eyes close...then she snaps her head back up.
Why don't these guys just lay down?
/r/awwakeup 
I'd fall asleep too if i were made out of pillows.
Those embarrassed ears =D
S L E E P Y B O Y E
Aawww, he is gorgeous!
Sleepy fluff!
I've never seen something so good go this long without an upvote.
With that fur he won't even feel it when he hits the floor. 
Me every day around 2 PM at my desk.
this is @akimthesamoyed 
omg he's beautiful ! damn 
I'm not sleeping. I'm just resting my eyes.
I miss my sleepy cloudboye all the time... We had the best naps together when I was a kid. 
I think we all know that feeling.
What a cutie
I love the casual glance to the person afterwards
This is me in class 
Must of had a ruff day 
Me in my staff meeting right now...
Me in instrumental chemistry lecture. 
Samoyeds have to be one of the derpiest dogs put there. I adore the shit out of them and miss owning them but man they can be derpy.
I bet a pregnant woman somewhere started crying because of this gif.
Hahaha nice.
This is so me especially during exam week.
Me whenever I try to read a book with the heat on
Ees okey fren. We nap now. 
I hate when I fall in my dreams and jar myself wide awake
Dogs are just like humans!  

Only 9263927373847293737938x better
Oh *h^e^e^y^y^y*
lol i find it funny how some dogs do this.  If they're tired, why don't they go lay down? 
[IT'S SO FLUFFY!!](https://gfycat.com/SomeUncomfortableFreshwatereel)
This is it. This is the cutest thing I have ever seen in my life. Right here 
Oh god, I've been this drunk before
/u/kati_28 
But just go to bed doggo. What are you waiting for? The mailman? 
Why do we always try and pretend that we weren't nodding off? Is there a reason for this behaviour?
Me in an 8 am class.
u/bennett629 it's me as a doggo bc all i do is sleep
“I’m up! I’m up!” So cute!
An accurate representation of me at college.
Cloud doggo needs rests.
What a beautiful dog!
u/_jooliah_
[removed]
he barks
he protect
but mostly he FALLS asleep
IKEA table 
G O O D B O Y E had a tough day
Got to work an hour ago and that's currently me at my desk. Thankfully I can close my office door and no one will be the wiser when my head eventually slams against the keyboard. 
TUCK HIM IN ALREADY!
Proof the opioid crisis is just as prevalent in whites.
Awwwww
innocent sleep
R/meirl
This do is majestic even when being derpy!!
Dream floof. 
"Did anyone see that?"
Tired puppy is tired. 
that's me the buss after work
Things like this make me miss having a puppy. It was cute watching her figure out how to walk properly and being amazed by her own tail.
"It's so warm and comfortable in here, I'll relax for a... Whoa. Did they see that?... They saw."
When you have to go to work the day after a game you've been waiting for months for comes out.
Damn it, now I want to go home and take a nap with my dogs.
Just resting his eyes
"...huh? Wait! What did I miss?!?"
Beautiful wolfy 
I was just checking if my eyelids let light through!
Sleepy dog 
Loyalty. 
I've been doing the same thing at work the last few days. I just don't look as cute when I do it...
Big pup does a stumble
Patrick Stewart's dog.
42,56% people in trains Do this everytime lol
this dog is cute
Must be the sedative they used in Inception.
Damn this dog is beautiful 
Drifting Cloud. 
He is luckier than me. I had to study while falling asleep. He doesn't have to do anything.
This makes me sleepy.
when you design your apartment around your dog
Here we witness a dog in a brutal, knock down drag out battle with the most infamous of monsters...

the Z Monster.  You can witness at the half way point that the Z Monster almost lands a *Crushing Blow* that would have soundly defeated this dog, sending it off into the dreaded LaLa Land of deep sleep.
that's a maths class
Narcoleptic Boye?
I'm a simple man, I see a turquoise LACK and I approve!
That look, “who pushed me?”
You should give him those glasses that make it look like your eyes are open. That'd fool em. 
this may honestly be the most adorable thing ive ever seen
So tired
Aww
This was me on the treadmill after work yesterday
"Wh Who said I was sleeping? I was meditating"
Please don’t push me 
This was me in class after lunch 
*deep breath* Ok buddy, look around slowly and if i look cute enough they won't remember what just happened.
“Who me? I’m not even tired”
If i saw my dog doing that, I would Make my bed, put some soft blankets on there, and pick her up and lay her down onto the bed and cover her with blankets. Dogs are awesome. 
Why is it always so warm in the meeting room? 
What kind of dog is it?
Is this a trait of Spitz breeds ? My Shiba Inu has done this since he was a pup all the other dogs I have had just lay down and sleep. 
"Hah. Acting."
Meirl at 3 am, trying not to fall asleep while on Reddit
Awwww Looks Soo Adorable ♥♥♥
What breed is this
There should be subreddit for this!

r/AnimalsBeingSleepy
All these Samoyed posts are making me wish I had one!
Dammit Earl I said I need a cup of coffee.

My life
Me at school today 
my cold heart is melting im in love
Zzzzzz bork Zzzzzzz bork...*cute spitz type dog though*
Me irl
This is so me, especially in office 😂😂
...what?
Why don’t dogs just lay down when they’re that sleepy?
Did he sleep?
I wonder-What do clouds dream of?
Me when I get up for work at 5am
Are Samoyeds the new stars of /r/aww? Don't get me wrong, they are very photogenic dogs, just seems like a noticeable uptick lately.
Holy moly this dog is BEAUTIFUL! 
My daughter does the same!!! Lol!!!
That cloud dog almost became a fog 
Me meditating ... 
So adorable! 
Just watching this made me sleepy.
I wasn't falling asleep, just resting my eyes. Nothing to see here.
就像我在物理课上一样
My dog has never done this, he'll just lay down anywhere and pass out
Just lay down buddy. You deserve it for being such a goodboye.
AHa!  Lay down, dummy!  
He's like... y'all are boring me to sleep here! Where are the Woofing beotches..? :P
Put him tO BED YOU MONSTER
I guess this explains why this months sales numbers are all bark and no bite
What breed is your dog? He looks like mine, that I have always considered a mutt. 
Is it hard to keep a Samoyd reasonably clean?

I am very familiar with Northern breeds and social/exercise requirements, but that white coat makes me reluctant to consider the breed.
His 1-2 crossover paw work was top notch.

Edit: or her
The wake up face is like 'so you were just going to keep watching me?'
I think he is a liar! It’s entirely pawsibble that he *is* sleeping on the job! Not that I’ve ever done that. That would be dogpicable! 
I found my boyfriend’s spirit animal ❤️❤️❤️
Cute
want it badly now :(
Friday afternoons at work in a nutshell
"Huh?...wha?"
Looks quite betrayed at being recorded by OP. 
Me in class
Cute 
Don’t laugh! We’ve all been there 
Stay up with me don’t fall asleep 
Such a cute cloud. Lay him in the comfiest bed and let him rest. He's had a ruff day of being so adorable.
How I feel today.
That sleepy look it gives after jerking awake, it's so sleepy sad 
Omg, too cute I love dogs!
This means it is cuddle-nap time with the doggo! 😁
What a gorgeous Malamute. 
Awww! Nothing makes me more sleepy than watching an animal fall asleep. XD 
This is a beautiful dog btw. 
The doggo cant slep until snoot be booped. 
lol

me after 2 beers
Me at work on Monday mornings 
so cute
Those 8 a.m. Friday morning doggy classes are tough after a Thursday night of drinking.
[removed]
This dog is so cute. What breed is it? I’ve never seen this breed in my life. 
Currently me at work.
That's so cute I screamed. 
“What? I’m good. Whatryou lookin at?”
omg it's so cute and fluffy ♥
Lmao
Damn the opiods are even getting to the dogs!
"Who pushed me?"
Aww that’s so adorable 
“That’s right, I was falling asleep. Deal with it.”- Dog, probably. 
Wh- wha happened??
Huh? Who saw that? 
Perfect Ikea looking dog to match the Ikea room
That’s when you pay the end of the couch and get that sleepy heater on your feet. Nothing better in the winter then a warm body.
Me irl on the train to work, every morning.  
Sleep tight pupper 
Check me out I’m a cat meow
I love how your dog matches the decor
Me In class
Every.
Single
Corporate.
Meeting.

We fail your pain, oh fuzzy one. We truly feel your pain.

Lovely doge u got there!
My situation every day after lunch
This happened to me yesterday on a work meeting... It's terrible! 
This is me right now at work lol
☁️  ZzZzzz
Love how the right leg catches itself even while asleep. The brain is an amazing thing... says my brain.
That is a beautiful dog.
Cute canine😘
I am new at reddit. Hardly understanding anything.. help me..
I want a dog like this to go with my Sacred Birmans 😮
Had one dog with a long neck, would start falling asleep like that, while sitting. Head would bobble around, increasing momentum. As she started to sway, would wake up, pause and start process all over. 
r/eyebleach
Oh dat little face!
Literally me right now sitting in class.
I want to know why there are not white fluffy hair balls all over that wood floor
This is me on the drive home from work.  I have a one-hour commute and I always start to feel myself drifting off.  I know its not safe, but I have a hard time keeping myself awake.
get it together cloud
I found myself blowing at the screen in effort to have him fall over. So far, it has no effect.
Samoyed or American Eskimo?
Why sleepy boi no go sleeps :(
all bout that lack table, tho.
That look of "what didcha do!?!
That is such an adorable & gorgeous dog.
Looks like me in class tbh 
Didnt you know? This is a dog!
so cuteeee
Me in class
aww'
This is me in class
I have a question I hope somebody doesn't mind answering.  Why wouldn't a dog this tired just lay down?  Are they waiting for something, maybe?
Mandatory S L E E P Y B O Y E
This is my current situation lol
I schleep... no wait
Sweet dreams 
No spelling dog
Wow, I never knew that Ikea did the Lack in Turquoise.
He just want to make sure you’re all good! 
Oh baby! Just lay down! 
Oh my God, he's so pretty! What breed is he?
Me in history
At the start of this gif, I thought I was the one swaying.
Is that an IKEA table?
That's how I feel right now.
What a beautiful beast. 
this is an accurate representation of what i look like falling asleep during lecture 
Why are puppies so cute?!
That moment when you at work, just sitting there and trying not to fall asleep 😣
I just wanna hug doggo, the perfect nap buddy out there. 
"You were filming that, weren't you?"
I had to go to a CCNA bootcamp for a week for work, every class was 9 to 10 hours. There were a few times I would do the same thing in that class, so I lived off of coffee.
Me in college
S L E E P Y B O I 
If I had a dog like this I'd be sooooo happy
I'm not sleepy, *you're* sleepy.
U/natsdorf with 2 front page post!
So majestic <3
What kind of dog is this?
I just wanna hug him
When the itis hits you at work after having a good lunch 
There was an imbalance in the force and he was clearly disturbed by it
I opened the reddit app on the toilet, shut my eyes as it loaded. I had no sleep last night. I almost dropped off, then I open my eyes to this post, of course. Why mother.
Cute 
I love the look on his face afterwards haha
so cute
On a side note, why does riding the bus and tube make one so fucking sleepy? Like before entering them you were alert and fresh, the moment you sit down and ride a bit, a sleepiness overcomes you. WTF?
hahahha !!! made my day 
Omg that face 🤗
Me in cladd
when i have to wake up as early as 11am!!!
Omg this is by far the post that made me aww the most
sleepy shoob
anyone else scared the dog was gonna tilt toward the table and hit it?
This would be me if I too had blankets surrounding my body all day
Me
Looks my kid sitting in their high chair!!!
Seepy pupper
What kind of dog is that?
S L E E P Y   B O I
Me when I’m drunk in line at Taco Bell
I like how it just looks around like. “Where am I? Did anyone see that? Oh ok.” Just like a hooman would.
"What are you talking about? I don't keep falling asleep. Woof".
What? Who? 
Mrw the meeting hits the 2 hour mark
IKEA Lack Anyone?
Floof
Cloud doggo needs rests.
My first dog will definitely be a Samoyed :D
Thats how everytime i  mediate and end up falling asleep.
Reminds me of a doggo I met while on vacation as a kid. The place we stayed had a couple of house dogs and one was severely abused as a puppy before being adopted by the owner we stayed with. As a result he would never lie down to sleep. He always fell asleep standing up and then would fall on his face after a few minutes. We felt so bad for the poor guy, but towards the end of our week long stay he had become so comfortable with us that he started to lay down to nap! It made 10 year old me so happy to see that.
This reminds me of my cousins dog, who is the same breed. His name is Celsius and is a very good boye :)
Is this in an IKEA store?
My dog is clever enough to be on the couch when he starts to drift off
So cutee i want oneT^T
"who pushed me?" - dog
it's...so...FLUFFY!!!!!
Involuntary (subconscious) error correction.
I have a video of my 9 year old dachshund doing the same thing!
My mom, 90 seconds after she sits down in front of the television.
S L E E P Y B O Y E
“See how cute I am? Now give me a treat.”
I'm not usually one for "cute" videos, but fuck me that is so cute
Majestic sleepy doggo.
My aunt's cat was doing the same thing this morning except that she was on her little perch and almost fell off. Must be nice being that cat, sucks away the warmth of it's humans body at night, then sleeps in the sunlight all day.
Me during finals week 
What a beautiful dog
My cat does this. I have no idea how he can be tired after 18 hours of naps, and somehow doesn’t need to rest his head to sleep either. 
Cute
He's got that Bill Murray glance going on when he wakes up. 
This is a happy, warm dog with a full tummy who has been well exercised.
AwwwwzzzzZZZZZzzzzzzZZZZZzzzzzz...Cute! 
What a cute fluff
/u/ragdollfirearm
Snoooogs!
Me in college. 
Reddit is becoming a show your cute pet platform.i haven't seen 1 post about those kids imprisoned by their parents
is youtube social media?

He’s dog-gone
That is so funny!
😪😪 owhhoo
Happened to me at a town hall meeting once..
Adorable !
The dog pound likes to party aaaaaaaall niiiiiiiight looooooong. Til' when?
I know how he feels
I’d be falling asleep too if I were wrapped in that comfy cloudlike fur
if that would be my dog i would just pick him up and cuddle with it on my couch till we both fall asleep
I think this is actually falling awake
2 secs into sleep mode and he gives you that look 
OMG! This pupper is so cute! What type of Doggo is he/she?
Watching CNN AGAIN?

I think this is perhaps the most chill cloud I've ever seen.
America's opioid problem is worse than I thought.
It reminds me of when Ammy falls asleep during exposition cutscenes in "Okami" 😂
Sleepy borker
Me in my finals
He listened his boss tirade about digging bone 🍖 in yard. 
What a beautiful dog!
Mr. Bright side
Aw, he looks like he's actually sad that someone was watching him, haha
He's falling asleep, 
And I'm petting a lab
That confused look after he wakes is what does it for me 
*This* is what the opiate epidemic looks like. ☹️ poor doggo needs to get help. 
Ohh that’s a puppy I could snuggle and nap with 🤗🤗
Just like me when I’m in lectures 
That cute face...."I didn't fall right "
That is a cute and fluffy dog.
This is so fucking cute that it gave me brain damage.
Poor puppy got them swoop downs in hims stance <3
When you in the barber chair but you're  too relaxed
wow, what a beautiful dog
That dog needs rehab.
those sad eyes after! ‘Why do you betray me hooman’ 
The most impressive part of this video is the lack of dog hair on the floors and stools
Nodding out oh yeah
Have you spoken to your pupper about rehab and living a substance free life?
REPOST!!
Me waiting for Fortnite servers to come back
Woofer floofer
cute
I'm not falling asleep. YOU'RE falling asleep! 
Same
When my patient is repetitively screaming the paper's obituaries to me.
It is a cloud beast
“What?! Just resting my eyes...”
" oh man you didn't have to record that.."
This video has been brought to you by, Ikea. 
I can relate little buddy. 
Holy fuck that's so cute. 
This is how I would imagine Sansa's direwolf Lady would look like! So cute and regal! :D
"Huh. What? Who's there?! Whatever's happening here...knock it off."
😆😆👍👍
Jesus sweet pie. My life has been done. Game Over dude. 
Watchdog!
Is it only humans who suffer from insomnia ?
Such gentle eyes. 
I imagine if I had a soft body like that I fall asleep easily too
Last 30mins of long meetings 
thats me during work briefings
1000 :)
Me every morning.

A little cloud falling asleep
ohhhhh 1,000th comment. SWEET!
Sho shweepy
I was only resting my eyes!
Just want to write this to complete 1000 comment mark
After I bust 
BUT MOOOOOM I'M NOT EVEN TIRED YET! Actually falls on face immediately after 
Me at my desk at around 3:30
I like how the dog matches the decor
I think he’s dreaming about being in school
That’s me in school!
When you fall asleep in class and wake up abruptly 
Poor dog, abused to make this thing possible. 
So cute
Hi, that is our dog Akim, if you like him, please follow him on instagram @akimthesamoyed and his youtube channel where you can find original version of this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pBxqF51nyQI ! :) 
S L E E P Y B O Y E
Can anyone tell me how people keep getting clouds in their house 
Can you imagine how confusing this must be to a dog who doesn’t understand their own stream of consciousness
That look. "Why'd you push me over?"
This dog is obviously addicted to heroin. That’s the dope fiend lean
Brings me back to grade 12 calculus 
A tired fluffy doggo. What more do I need to say. It's beautiful.
What kind of doggo is dat
Me in class right now 
What a majestic animal
Ikea?
The look on the dogs face, just knew that moment was going to be put on the internet.
Relatable af
Now I just want to pick him up, lie him down on a comfy bed, and tuck him in.
Aw
I've been looking for this comment, but I haven't seen it anywhere yet:

Your house is ridiculously well appointed and coordinated. Kudos!
I've been looking for this comment, but I haven't seen it anywhere yet:

Your house is ridiculously well appointed and coordinated. Kudos!
This is cute.  What kind of dog is this?
This is cute.  What kind of dog is this?
I never imagined a dog would do this, because they can literally lie down and sleep wherever and whenever they want.
Literally me in class if I don't get my coffee in the morning
Me in RE
Me in class after getting no sleep for a day 
I need a polar bear like this
Help me human, I'm being tortured by sleep.
How did someone tire out a Sammy? They're very energetic dogs. 
Where you there the whole time?
[Acting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGGEymAXD7s)
I'm gonna be a father.
IT'S SO FLUFFY!
I don’t know why but I feel really bad that he woke himself up. 
He's ready for office work
When u in class listening to a morning lecture
Sleepy Shoober
He looks up at the owner

"Why U do that?"
Me at my desk.
Those eyes
I'm not tired, you're tired. 
Poor baby is so tired but doesn't want to miss anything....good doggo!
This beautiful fluff of cuteness is actually just meditating...😂
#me
He looks like an albino arcanine. Are there any striped dogs we could cross this with?
Holy shit that's a majestic looking dog, even when it's stumbling over from falling asleep.
my Sammy definitely does this.
S O C U T E
give them a bed please :<
Hey who pushed me?!
dog.exe has a little lag time in execution.
Sif-boye
Looks like Jon Snow.
u/SerbianTMNT
A cloud gently drifting off.
That look at the end like, "Why you do dis?"
You can almost hear him or her say "huh?"
