Make sure you close your bedroom door when you go to sleep tonight. 
Nothing more ornery than an old cat. I had an old cat and she was extremely demanding. We were to cater too her every whim. If we tried to scold her she just looked at us like, "if you haven't hit me in almost two decades, you ain't going to start now". 

And she was right.
“You know what Katie, you can be a real dog person sometimes”
I'm 73 y.o. with severe arthritis, chronic pain.  When I'm having a really bad night Ziggy the Cat will bring me one of his toys, lay down on my hip and purr.  He is a good friend.
Pure unfiltered cat judgment on display here.
Don't talk to me or my son ever again. 
“Was that outburst really necessary, Karen?!”
You hurt her felines 
“Monster! Hath though No SOUL yee furless grease puppet?!” 
Usually, my dog is terrified of my cats. But if I yell at one or push it off the table (where they don't belong), he whines and runs over to the cat, sniffing it and nosing at it, acting all concerned. It's pretty cute.
they're so pretty.  i don't see how you can stay mad at either of them for very long
You know they're plotting your murder as we speak, yeah? 
[deleted]
I was trimming the claws on my ginger boy one night and he was being especially disagreeable. Our lil lady, that we adopted at the same time as him, ran over screaming and bit my hand to make me stop. So awesome how much they are able to care for each other. 
"There, there, I'll poop in the humans shoe later, will that make you feel better?"
No such thing as a naughty cat.  Only bad humans.  Give cats extra food tonight.

My cat is not watching over my shoulder demanding that I type this, I swear.
WELL I HOPE YOU'RE PROUD OF YOURSELF
You're like so fucked
"I thought you were better then that, I really did." 
When I was little, I remember my mother had this really old cat (Keko) from before I was born.  For my tenth birthday, we adopted a small kitten (Jupiter).  Keko would always act very protective of Jupiter, almost like a parental relationship.  If someone picked up Jupiter, Keko would come over and anxiously make sure we weren't hurting her.  If someone gave treats to Keko, she would push some off to the side for Jupiter.  Your picture made me think of them!
https://i.imgur.com/OqU3eGL.gif
“Ya feel good? Huh? Feel good about yourself after that? Shame on you.” 
may we know the act of naughtiness? 
I cant work under these conditions! *topples water glass 
Sofa sitting Sphinx soothes solemnly sobbing sister, saying, “She shouldn’t shout so severely...she’ll say sorry soon, sweetie.” slowly stroking sis’ stripes.
Dammmmnnn... Even I feel guilty and I'm just sitting here on my couch!
I'm glad I'm not you. Because you are in biiiiig trouble.
Definitely one of those "That was uncalled for looks".
Look what you did. LOOK
Domestic Violence affects everyone.
Aw don't sleep with her at night you might get scratched up
On the plus side, your cats are adorable! 
Apologize or it will only get worse.
Shouting at your cat is only slightly less futile than getting involved in a land war in Asia. 
😞 don't yell at the cats, man.
You monster.
Haha aw I wasn’t expecting this kind of loyalty. Nice kitty.
Aww you meanie.
We just got a kitten and I'm so scared to punish her so I've been using my ABA tactics of redirecting her to other things when she misbehaves or my boyfriend recommended to have her fix whatever she messes up. For example, she dropped some food on the floor and instead of picking it up for her or getting upset we brought her over to it to prompt her to eat it which she did 😊
“go away, you’ve done enough” 
Why would you shout at your cat
Is there anybody you'd like me to call? The cat mafia won't let this affront go. 
"I hope you're pleased with yourself human..."
Someone's getting their windshield shit on tonight
"Apologize."
There is nothing more soul crushing than the disdainful judgement you see in you're cats eyes if you ever piss them off. 
"Don't talk to me or my son ever again"
“How dare you shout at us you peasant!”
"You shouldn't a'done that. He's just a boy." 
This is what you get for being a monster. Now bring both of them cat nip..now.
You will hear from HR...
"Look what you've done."
Take cute picture.   
Make up a good story behind the picture.   
Profit!! 
Much like elephants, cats never forget.  My brother yelled at my cat once and my cat still hates him, and this is a cat that hates water but jumps in the shower with me everyday just so he can be close to me.  Good luck sleeping tonight.  I can totally picture it doing extra laps around your bedroom at 3 am just to piss you off.
That is precious! ! Yep, they communicate well. 
OMG!  My kitty looked just like these guys.  Nicest, sweetest creature.  She even put up with toddler bullshit.  Never swatted or bit anyone in the 4 years I had her.

That beautiful coat seemed to come with a lot of genetic issues though...bad teeth, IBS, kidney disease, and finally cancer.  Poor kitty.
I'll take human transferences for $400, Alex. 
You're a monster 😭😭😭
Doesn't look like a glare.
They are cute, but i feel like r/thathappened 
I might just be paranoid so, still upvoting for cuteness
No, the cat is just tucking it's head away so u can't see it laughing 
No that’s how they sleep 
Your a dead man lol
You are a godsdamned monster.
My big ass tabby has became so salty, it's almost adorable. You try and move him so you can set down and he goes app shit.
You evil cold hearted human. You don't understand cats! How could you. . . 
"You are bad human. Look at she now, she is crying"
The judgment is strong with these two.
and you should be ashamed!  maybe you can make it up to her over the days and months...  fresh fish in her little dish...  long grooming sessions...  *talking softly and with few words*

maybe...
You deserve that laser glare! You hurt the poor little kitties feelings! She is going to remember that for 7 minutes! But she will remember the naughty thing for life and keep doing it!
My girlfriend can’t bring herself to ever scold our cat. The farthest she will go is say “you weren’t bad...but you weren’t good.
You monster. 
I don’t believe this story.
[deleted]
None of that shit happened.    

Cute pic but... I hate these karma titles that are all bilullshit.   
Yeah...you probably shouldn't sleep in your house tonight...
I have been known to do what the cat is doing all the time. 
r/tifu
I really am a dog person, but this kinda makes me want a cat 
"NO KITTY THIS IS MY POT PIE!"
Dude, this is literally the cutest thing ever
Don't ever shout at us again, puny human!!
God, I’m a dog person, but this is converting material right here.
Watch your back tonight.
aw my cat looks just like yours and has an appointment to get spayed tomorrow so right now she's being denied food and no water after midnight and I feel so bad.

But I already have 5 cats so I dont need kittens. I want more kittens. I want all kittens. But its not feasible.
"Jesus, Carol, you could have just been a bit less abrasive.  Now look what you've done."
Our cat wants food 24/7 & when he isn't stuffing his face, he likes cuddle. I feed him breakfast & dinner at pretty much the same times every day, but during the day he likes to whine & put on an  "I'm dying! I'm wasting away!" show lol. Love him to pieces though. 
welp you've done it. the cats are gonna start taking over now.
I used to have three cats.  If I told one of them off, the youngest one would also tell them off with a few swipes to thier head.  She was a smug little thing.   
My cat sometimes pukes in the worse possible locations and I just get so mad at her.  But an hour later she's purring and cuddling with me.  It's hard to get mad at them for very long haha. 
That's not at all what's going on in this picture but good work getting the karma
"Are you satisfied now?"
Dead man posting
Also, I think they’re conspiring against you. 
Your screwed now,  sorry
Check your shoes before you put them on.  Just sayin'.
OP I’m just going to go ahead and say it. You’re a very bad something or other and your unbelievably adorable little kittens deserve more. PM for details of address and shipping information should the burden of their SHamMe ! Become to much for everyone to bear. God day sir. 
You monster. ( ͡ಠ ʖ̯ ͡ಠ)
You animal
I'm so nervous. My two girls are getting spayed tomorrow. 
Adorable
"I find one who hurt you. I kill. I good kitty."
You monster.
*You asshole, look at what you did!*
You shouldn’t a did that. He’s reel sad meow. 
Still naughty.  Just a slice of cute to go with it.
My cats do this shit to each other *all the time*. My Siamese is an absolute monster, and meows every time he gets scolded. My little tabby cat who is half his size runs to his rescue, cuddles him, and looks as if she is saying *”shame on you!”* with her eyes. 
Other Cat ” What did you say to her?” 
You. “Well I told her to sto—“
Other Cat  “You don’t yell at the cats!  Only the dogs!”
My cat isn't used to sleeping in the same room as me. When I fall asleep he will often think I am dead and freak out, meowing in my face until I wake up. He will then purr and go back to whatever he was doing in my room. It's annoying but sweet that he cares I guess. 
Becareful man, you don't know, who are you messing with.
Cats don't understand punishment, it just makes them anxious. There are a lot of positive ways to handle any situation. Read any Jackson Galaxy and your viewpoints will forever be changed
"your days are numbered"
"You've done enough Jenny."


Meow look what you’ve done. All because she was bouncing around all hibbedy bibbedy.
BAD MR. KITTY
"Now look what you've done!"
she saying to you--  do you see what you did ----IS THAT WHAT YOU WANT!!!!
you monster
[removed]
r/thathappened 
You monster.

/r/catsraisedbynarcissists.
Really, it was just a coincidence that you found them like this. They didn't really have any feelings about you shouting at them.
You did a really, really, really bad thing! Once your cats decide you are no longer part of their group there is no getting back into their group. They are going to ghost you for the next 12-19 years. Sure they will pretend you are part of their group but let's see if you get invited to their 2019 New Year's party.
It is possible that cats do not respond to negative-feedback training at all, but it is almost certain that they don't respond to negative feedback training unless it is instantaneous, or nearly-instantaneous (like, within a second). 

Human children (even very young ones) have faculties of memory and association that are uniquely human. Domesticated dogs are different, but are far more socialized to humanity. 

Dogs can be trained to have a sense of pseudo "guilt", not that they rummaged through trash, but rather about trash being on the floor. If you keep a clean home, the dog can learn that you will be upset is there if trash on the floor. It's not that they have a conscience that tells them they were bad for digging through the trash, it's that they associate messy floors with an unhappy family, and they want to avoid that. When a dog hides in the corner and looks (to us) ashamed, it's not that they think they were bad, it's that they know you're angry and are trying to avoid that anger. It's maybe a kind of proto-conscience, an instinct to be around happiness and to avoid unhappiness.

Cats do not have anywhere close to that level of interspecies empathy/reason. They have not been domesticated nearly as long as dogs, and are not pack animals besides, so they don't have anywhere near that level of socialization. 

When you express anger at a cat, she does not associate your anger with any external realities (i.e., the spilled vase she knocked over), she just sees a hostile animal. You may as well be a shark who sometimes gives her food, and sometimes tries to bite her leg off. The best way to train a cat is with instantaneous positive feedback and environmental cues. 

Dogs are social animals. They feel safe and secure around their pack (that's you) and around "friends" (other dogs, people, and animals they know). They are also roaming hunters. So they learn their cues from who they are with. 

Cats are more solitary, and much more territorial creatures. This is why cats freak out so much more than dogs about car trips or the vet or whatever. Dog associates your presence with safety, so wherever you go, the dog is happy to go, and whoever you introduce the dog to, the dog is happy to meet. New places and faces are fun and exciting, so long as you are there with doggo. 

Cat does NOT trust you. Cat trusts her own territory, that she has marked and inspected and cleared of enemies. When you take her to a place of strange smells and sounds and different shadows, you are part of the danger. When she starts clawing at the strange person trying to pull her from her carrier and you start shooting her with water or some shit, you are one of the enemies, one of the dangers of this terrible new place: even the food-dispenser has turned against me, better claw her eyes out. 

You can't train cats as though they are dogs, and you definitely cannot train them as through they are children. 
My experience with cats makes me wonder whether they process the idea which we have that they have been 'naughty' - yes, they will run away if shouted at, but will repeat the 'naughty' act if they feel like it. Comforting one another if they are friends happens, I suspect, mainly because they like doing it; mutual grooming as a bond. I even find my cat will insist on licking my hand if I've been stroking him while on my lap; after a bit he will transfer the tongue to his on paw and continue washing himself.
[deleted]
They're gonna put catnip in your coffee later.
Does shouting at your kitty work? We just took in a stray but sometimes he acts out.  Like just last night he was begging for food, and when we tried to shoo him away, he swatted and scratched us.  Not sure what I should be doing in that situation.
I know that look. Who knew being a cat owner carried so much judgement and guilt. 
Omg that's my cats twin!
Lolol
One of them turned into a cinnabun!
WHAT DID YOU DO?!
Stop being a Cat!
u ded bro
You monster
Beautiful tabby cats! I have two too!
They will just eat you, eyeballs first, if you die around them. 
These look exactly like my cats 😲
You really should watch your back over the next couple days. I've seen that look before
Get out while you can, they're plotting on you now
Aww they are so adorable. And beautiful. They look very similar to my cat. Do you know what breed they are? 
“Hold me Clyde, the Hooman is mean”
They look a lot like one of mine (I have two sisters; one's solid black and Ruby looks like your cats.) My question here is are your cats unbelievably soft? Because my cat that looks like yours is the softest cat I've ever pet (as soft as my black cat, Salem.) I actually had a vet tell me they were the softest cats they've ever had in the office. Lol
You. Will. PAAAAAAAAAY
/r/meow_irl
Holy cow, this is amazing! Are they related? My cats did not like each other.
I'm going to go with OP will be dead in about a year and a half, that is how long it will take them to get around to murdering OP in their sleep.
/r/likeus
Get off the couch!
“u/givemecheesecake you really need to eat a snickers”
*in the voice of GlaDOS*: You made her sad. You monster.
Trying to give their friend a shoulder to cry on.
"First of all, rude, second of all don't ever talk to me and my son ever again."
Scolding Kitteh:You have insulted my wife sir...I demand justice...nvm..I'll just kill you in your sleep
"I thought you were better than this Karen!"
They have the same fur pattern thingy as mine!
That’s why we don’t eat cats.
That's the problem with cats, they want to be treated like a princess.
Mama kitty don't take no sass.
 I've always wanted a sweet cat, they're a lot more stoic than dogs, I love my pups though 
That's a face posing two questions at the same time:

* "What did you do?"

* "What do you want?"
Aww personified animals 
Look what the fuck you've done. You proud of yourself Karen?
The feeling of being loved
What did she do?
Thats too sweet :)
Bat ears! 
/r/likeus
I want more cats now. 
You're an awful owner, feel ashamed!
Who kissed on your catnip this morning?!
“Look what you did HOOMAN..you upset the baby”..what a great pic to get
[deleted]
You monster.
How could you D: 
“You monster”
You monster
She's serious.
You monster. YOU did this. 
Bad monkey!
Plotting your demise...you just don't know it yet.

That looked liked one big kitty while I was reading the post.
Holy crap. Really thought someone else posted my cats. Same coat/face. 
What victims of emotional abuse looks like
Just have to say the cat looking at the camera looks exactly like if you combined both of my cats. 
I like their colors! 😻
When we walk our pupper around the block our cat loves to tag along. She follows the dog not us the humans, but the cat walks without a leash which makes it a pain to keep her from running in the street. If its dark and we just don't feel like keeping up with kitty, we put her in the house. Every time without fail she takes a shit on the dinning room floor. Cats very spiteful sometimes. 
This spoils the child. 
Haven't you done enough harm OP
Those are beautiful cats !
She doesnt want to talk to you right meow Sharon
Whenever I shout at the new kitten, one of my two older cats always runs off to get his side of the story. 
You dead bro
When I yelled at mine, she shit in my bed. No lie! I had to close my bedroom door all the time after that. Had a roommate. I told him to keep his bedroom door shut. He didn't. She must have been mad at him, she shit in his bed, too. 
ishe looks like she's gonna eat your soul 
Bad hooman 
"Look what you did."
It's never the animals' fault. 
💔
That's adorable. My cats are the opposite. The youngest is definitely "my cat" while the oldest loves my husband more. I've noticed that when I fuss at the oldest, the youngest one will go and smack him with her paw as if to make sure he understands he's in trouble.
That's a judgemental stare!
The anthropomorphism is real in this sub.
They got each other's backs.
Cat caaat
Cat caaat
/u/GiveMeCheesecake this thread exploded so you're unlikely to respond to this.

But what did kitty do that was naughty?
I yelled at my cat and hissed at him for putting his nails into my coat as soon as I hung it on the chair when I got home today.. I feel so bad. He hid from me behind the tub for 20 minutes..
❤❤❤
r/animalsbeingbros
There is no such thing as a bad cat. Cats just are cats.
We have a cat that looks like a C&P version of the cat stairing at you.

Literally, it looks like you stole our cat lol. He's sitting right next to me too
You ASSHOLE!!
"Oh, yeah. I am SO gonna poop in your shoes for this!"
When Applesauce the cat gets hollered at for eating carpet fuzz...he pouts in the dirty laundry basket. You cant win. 
Oh wow I didn't know you got that new eyeball camera implant.
There there pooky,  he didn't mean it. ::glares at human:: You... you will PAY for this.
Can 100% relate to this. 
The paw puddy tat! Did you give her hugs after? 
Kitty's not the only one glowering at you, OP!  No cheesecake for you!!
Please do not shout at your kitties you mean hairless monkey.
monster.
OP, please tell me what breed/mix these cats are... My buddy has the exact same ones and we don't seem to actually know lol
Bah gawd, you're a monster yelling at a poor defenseless animal! 😅
How dare you
YOU MONSTER! 
"How dare you!?" 
shouted at a cat
Its the dog house for you tonight!
That's real nice.
The kitty is his gf so you should care!!
There will be vengeance is what the cat is thinking. Watch out
The look identical to my my cats that are brothers and they cuddle like that all the time too.
Omg I love those marble little tabbies!!!!

Omg that’s amazing 
One time I gave my cat a bath. Ten minutes later, he walked up to where I was sitting, looked up at me, and then pissed in front of me.
[deleted]
You spelled "plotting your demise" wrong. 
U bastard! lol
You monster :(. Go and hug her
You monster.
"How could you!? HOW COULD YOU!?"
Cat 2: "I think you should just go."

OP: "I live here."
You don't have to be cat PC with us, he was being an asshole, we have cats, we know
You monster.
When I yell at my cat for pooping in the bathtub the other cat takes that as open season on her and starts chasing her all over the house.  
You monster.... Q.Q
OP, why must you turn this place into a HOUSE OF LIES?    
Women... I mean, cats...
This is what it's like to be The Boss.
The same here. They always have more affections to each other than to me. QAQ
Lol
Bastard!
"I can't believe you said that Brian !"
I actually had to contact J G Wentworth for additional Awws for this
Aww! It really looks like she/he really is upset that you yelled! =(
Let that be a lesson to you.
I hope you learned your lesson
“Don’t talk to me or my son ever again”
You monster!
Ornery... Nice
Just look at what you've done Janet 
u/tashaaaaaaaaaaaa
Cats are very intuitive 
"Look what you did!"
Ha ha this is funny, my cats do this too.  You monster you. /s
Today, at 5 am, my kitten ran into a fly strip, panicked, and bolted around the house, becoming more and more entangled. We had to catch her and pull it off and now she has grass and sand stuck to the glue. It's very gross. Just saying.
It’s funny to think about how cats were raised, like dogs were brought up from wolves alongside humans to help us hunt and we would reward them with food and shelter. So they love to please naturally

But cats were brought up to be thought of as gods, I wonder if that rewired their ancestral brains to continually feel holier than thou
Reminds me of my dog when she was alive
Ah, fuck.
Did you apologize?
i don’t think so. 
"You are a terrible human being. Never speak to me or my friend again... EVER!!" - the cat

Had to make sure these weren't my cats real quick
My cat has the same pattern!
Totally plotting your death and which part they'll eat first.
"Are you proud of yourself, hooman? Look what you have done."
Can I borrow your cat? I need him/her to glare at my boss for yelling at me today
Damn, that's funny!!
They have that "revenge hairball in the bed" expression that cats get 
You are so mean
You. Are an asshole.
I've had my older cat give me the exact same judgemental look when I pushed the box the younger one was sitting on over.
Your days are numbered lol.
Sibling love❣
Kitties are way different than doggos. They'll get upset than guilty in most cases lmfao
How dare you
You know what you did. You know. 
Her sister cat is looking at you.. you know, you can not do that and then just say sorry !
Trouble makers lol 
You are a bad bad master... I meant slave!
My bengal cat would die with me in a fire if I asked him so I believe it. 
And also glaring at you hard enough to make Nynaeve blush. 
how can a kitty be naughty?
Team kitty! 
I swear there are times my cats are plotting to kill and eat me. This looks like the beginning of their conspiracy.
"You see what you did to her?!"
have to careful in such situation
LOLAWWWW!
Don’t let them get their paws on a rope. 
The cat staring at you with a face saying “look what you have done, you monster,” 
My older cat and I scold the little one together. Still not effective. 
YOU DID THIS.
Poor kitty just being a cat. <3
I loovvveee this!
u monster!
This is adorable ❤️
“See what you’ve done?”
"Hurumph! You humans can be so boarish and insensitive"
OP, ping me daily to confirm that you are still alive. Also, don't sleep. Can't take any chances now.
Sleep with one eye open, hoomin.
Cutest glare I’ve ever seen
Does anyone yet doubt our animal companions think and feel? They do, they do. 
needs to be xposted to /r/likeus
YOU MONSTER...YOU SHOULD BE LOCKED UP...SO DESPICABLE!
This is so pure. And so terrifying.
You monster!
I hope you're happy
OoooOoOo that's not good :'D not good at all! Sleep with one eye open just o be safe
You fucked up today.
look what you’ve done to karen. are you happy now? leave us alone you human. 
You better apologize! 
"really, you had to yell? See the ears mofo?!"

edit: Now many cats have seen this. Wear foot protection and carry a flashlight and weapon at night.

You monster how could you shout at such a sensitive kitty D:
I just saved a kitty :)
R.I.P. OP
Haven't you done enough?
“Look at what you’ve done, Jonathan. You need to get your anger under control.”
Bad human! Bad! 
I think you're projecting. 
you monster
Comforting cat: “Look what you did to Lorien human, LOOOK! She’s a mess” sigh*
"Don't you think you've said enough?"
Poor baby :(
You have become the oppressor. The man, if you will. 
Don't you talk to me or my son ever again!
Friendshipgoals
I wouldn’t sleep tonight 
They are so pretty I wish my cat was that pretty...but she’s my bad bitch and I love her.
"you naughty hooman, begone!"
There’s no such thing as a bad kitty.
Are you happy now, Bob?!
At least you bonded them.
"If you EVER yell at him again, I *WILL* call CPS (cat protective services) on you." - Protective Cat probably
Well, now they'll eat your face when you are passed out.  keep your sleeping pills secure.
one more time human and I will end you.
You have committed a grave kitty crime. There will be consequences. 
aaaa
*Cat glares*dude,yo dang f###ed up
Brilliant post! 
That's so CUUUUUTE!
Where does the kitty end and where does it start?
Should never yell at a widdle kitty :( 
That happened 
cats should never be yelled at.. all they want is fun and what comes natural to them .. they dont know better
I'm getting a weird Sense of Deja Vu with this post, like even the top comment. 
Is shouting really effective?  I always had unlimited success with fiercely hissing at them when they did wrong

Catspeak or not, they knew they'd fucked up when they were hissed at 
I want to stick my face in the middle and give them both cuddles 
“Don’t talk to me or my son ever again”
I need a hug 

"Don't talk to me or my son ever again"
I mean, when isn't a cat glaring at you?
I rule my house with an iron fist when it comes to my cats.  They walk all over my wife but when Dad gets up it means business.  If they're doing something wrong and they hear me getting up...they scatter.  But they're not scared of me.  As a matter of fact all 3 absolutely love me and never leave me alone despite my wife being the coddler.  
So you happen to have your camera out and ready? I call bs
When my cats are naughty I call them farts and tell them that nobody likes to be around farts. Not really effective but it makes me feel better.
YOU DON'T DESERVE THEM
Cats do not like raised voices.
Cute pic, but that didn't happen.
*cats cuddling and cleaning each other like normal but upvoted to the front by idiots that believe the fake story*
What prompted shouting at yer kitteh
Uh oh 
Poor kitty
😂 “How could you?!”
Cats are people too!

Way more than corporations being people...
That look...
Are you proud of yourself? Look what you did!
I hope you feel ashamed of yourself.
Fake
r/thathappened
I used to comfort my little brother when getting yelled at by mom just like that. 

My mom would then spank us both.
She looks like she’s dropping a deuce in her like it’s some cat caterpillar horror movie type stuff gross
By chance, is that Felix? 
Just don't flush it.
/u/GonzalezR6
Here you go, this [piece](https://d2gk7xgygi98cy.cloudfront.net/1550-3-large.jpg) looks satisfactory!
/r/likeus
r/likeus
K
And what we're the other cats doing?
Pic first, fake story second.
/r/likeus
How do I send a pic?
This is just awesome.
Bad kitty mom/dad! Shouting at kittens will earn you a special place in hell!!!
[deleted]
[deleted]
like Wife's eyes😒
/r/thathappened
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f2pmcAjvWYQ
What a bullshit title for just a picture of two cats. 
Am i too fucking cynical? It looks like two cats hanging out. 2nd cat looked up when the flash went off.
Shittily made up story.
Animal abuse
[removed]
You don't deserve them.
I call BS. Why do people upvote these?
You don’t deserve these nice cats. Shame on you
Cats don’t feel shame. So you are a liar 
100th comment woot
I never yell at my cats in anger. They are cats. You love them and you get love back. 
why would you yell at your cat? ok to get frustrated/annoyed but cmon, it's a cat. they're lovable furry idiots, and yelling at them accomplishes nothing.
What did you do?!?!
No you didn't.
Or none of that happened and cat people are crazy and delusional, yeah I will go with that.
Proof: they 100% understand human 
Woah, that looks like my cat, anyone know what kind of cat that is?
I hate cats and this made me upset.
Very cute, but I don't buy your interpretation. Cats know neither guilt nor shame and thus don't require comforting.
Women 
Dogs>Cats
Yeah, it's super r/aww to hear about how you're abusing an innocent animal.
That owner is an asshole for losing their temper.  Just my opinion 
Fuck that cat.
I never yell at my cat. You shouldn't have cats I reckon if you're the yelling type.   
