[deleted]
This is the most wholesome thing I've seen the whole week.  
  
[edit] and is now my new phone wallpaper
That is a superb owl. You should post this in r/superbowl.
Majestic AF
>Poldi

Aha!
photo by tanja_brandt
[deleted]
Anyone know if this is a Malinois? I guess it could be a GSD or GSD mix,  but something looks--not GSD, to me. 
I bet they both look out for each other and have a great system. Land and sky both covered.
This is awesome. 
Dog uses stick to attract owl. Uses owl to chase off cat. Dog gets his bed back. Smart dog.
Every part of this picture is good. Fave bit is doggos slightly squinty eyes because he's smiling extra hard in his heart.
What kind of persons has owls that hang out with their dogs? Asking because I want advice on how to.
That owl is quite superb.
Anyone Named Poldi MUST be from germany. :D
I want to know so much more about these two!
This should be a painting.
Dogs really are the best support class of all time.
My collie dog is best friends with a little robin that comes to visit him every day. I pulled up to the side of the house one day and I found it unusual that he didn't poke his head around the corner to see me home. Instead he stood with his head turned left, opposite to where I was parked. So I sat in the car for 7 minutes to see if he'd move his glance. I still wasn't sure what he was up to until I manoeuvred my way out of the car until I had a clear view of the little robin that had occupied his attention. She's been back every day since and they both sit and stare at each other for a few minutes until one of them has to go. 
This would be a great picture to show the aliens when we find them :)
This has made me genuinely smile.
This is  a photo from @tanja_brandt on instagram. She and her furry and feathered children are amazing. Check her out!
I lost a young colleague last week, due to a traffic accident. 
It's been rough.

This made me crack a smile again. Thanks.
So, when is Disney finished with filming?
Look at his expression. " I may not always be the most interesting dog in the world, but when I am, I bring flowers. "
This looks like a badass animal duo video game concept
Amazing 
oh,boy.they went well together.
Where the fuck do you people get these exotic pets? 
I will never look this good in pictures 
I thought Poldi was busy bringing in illegal immigrants on his Jetski?

Where can I pick up a copy of "The Illustrated Adventures of Ingo & Poldi"?
Haha Poldi? Kommst du aus Köln? 
r/animalsbeingbros 
r/animalsbeingbros
Pixar do your thing.
CHAOS
REIGNS
My last name is ingo, I approve
/r/superbowl
Belgian Malinois are a truly majestic type of dog, we don't deserve them as humans.
type of pic makes you realize some people just live better lives. 
https://imgur.com/rB0jaY5 colored pencil for ya
Looks like Disney characters
What Disney magic is this?!
I am wasting my life not doing art...
How many times will this be reposted 
Inb4 Ingo tries to eat Poldi for the fourth time today

Dammit Ingo, Poldi’s not a night cap 
And ingo is was his name-o
getting Sean Connery vibes from doggy
So sweet! 💖
Is this Poldi, as in Lukas Podolski?
“Onward my canine companion, a bountiful voyage Is at our doorstep!”


They’re on Imgur too, I’ve yet to see just an ‘OK’ pic, they’re so adorable!
Haha, it's that dude that sounds like an owl. 
That smirk on Ingo's face though.
I suppose this dog is a Disney princess?
That dog looks more like Clint Eastwood than Clint himself 
r/oldschoolcoolboye
My name is ingo dogtoya, you killed my father and now owl kill you
I need to see more adventures of these two
Poor owl has to stay up all day for that picture
Plot twist: Ingo is the owl.
That’s love and trust.
This picture is incredible thank you for sharing
Now I need a owl for my German Shepard 
Indigo is the bird and Poldi is the dog, it flaps it's ears to fly.
I want this to be my states flag
Owl on a stick, yum!
Looks like he's about to say, "I'm a lover not a fetcher."
Does he grab the stick so she will come. 
Ingo and poldi sounds like a great kids book
Kind of a random thought, but I want this picture to be made into a jigsaw puzzle. 
Love little owls- quite uncommon in the UK countryside now, unfortunately :(
When is this Disney movie coming out?
[r/fakealbumcovers](reddit.com/r/fakealbumcovers)  
Hey I know it’s a ask but can someone draw this real quick for me? If anyone digs deep enough into the comments to find this request that is
So pure
Rapture incoming.

Edit: but in all seriousness, that’s a gorgeous shot, and that dog is so fucking stoned.
This is impressive. And a beautiful photo! Kudos to those two buddies 👍
Oh, owl play fetch alright..
Oh my precious pupper 😍😍🤗
Do you and your pets happen to live in Portland, Oregon?
 A dog and his sidekick on an adventure that will redefine their friendship.
This looks like police hogwarts. What is your life. 
This should without a doubt be the new depiction on the United States’ Seal. 
What a beautiful couple!!!!
You've got a good dog and a fucking *owl*?! Color me jealous!
Starsky and Hutch
Straight up majestic!
BFF'S
Post two more photos of them please
Anyone know what type of flowering tree the branch is from? (Almost thought it was a huge Bleeding Hearts bush branch)
This is  really awesome actually. 
I've never seen a dog pick up a stick with thorns on it
I need more backstory on this. please help.
Maybe the Ingo ate your Poldi
This is a beautiful photo of best friends.
That is so fucking astonishing! 
That is such an amazing photo.  I'm just getting back into photography after a 10 year break and I'm struggling to find my vision again but this is just....perfect.  Every little thing about it couldn't have been done better.
Reminds me of bastion and ganemeade 
I'd watch a whole movie about these two, so cute.
This is majestic AF.
This photo is absolutely gorgeous
Is this not a painting??
These are very fitting names
Two angels
Is your dog named after Lukas Podolski
I'd like to buy an Owl for 400 please.
Amazing
I think my heart melted all over the goddamn floor. 

Ingo is the goodest boy for letting his frien ride on his stick! Good boy, Ingo! 
This is the most wholesome thing I’ve seen all year! 
My new wallpaper! 
What. The. Heck. 
this makes a great phone background thank you 
Great one there
Doggo kind of looks like Snoop Dogg!
Honestly it looks a bit staged. Still cool but that thought came to mind
Is this a painting? 
Holy shit, Majestic!
u/randomosaur 


The photographer should be given a award for this capture.
Is that a burrowing owl? It looks like one, but the way it is perched on the stick makes me think no.
lovely picture
Is it just me or is this dog a dead ringer for Putin... those eyes comrade. 
If anyone's setting this as a background, [this one](https://static.boredpanda.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/ingo-else-dog-owl-friendship-tanja-brandt-13.jpg) is as good imo
This fills me with mixed emotions as it features my favourite dog breed and my most terrifying bird type. (I have a phobia of birds)
How was this picture taken? Thay bokeh is lookin niceee
Thats one ridiculously good looking dog!
This is an amazing photo!!! I’m going to have to print and frame this but I would love to cite the source??
Who's bark?
Behold! 
Did anyone else at first think the dog was holding on to a stick with thorns? 
Came here thinking it's a picture of Lukas Podolski but this is great! 
Idea for an animated movie.
Is this the same Owl as the [mushroom](https://static.boredpanda.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/owl-and-mushrooms-tanja-brandt-111.jpg) picture?
the bird is dead and glued to the stick. heck if this is that japan photographer and reddit teach me anything even the dog is dead
you didn't name your dog ingo...really
Beautiful 
amazing
Superb doggo and very r/superbowl!
Branch manager & Branch supervisor?
BEAUTIFUL!!!!
misleading thumbnail
What a beautiful name :))
I just wanna know.... photoshop? Cuz if not hoooo lee fn gaaaaaahhhhhh
Magical ^-^
So precious ☺️
That owl looks like a Fezzick to me.
Good dog
any videos of them?
That dog is sexy as shit
r/superbowl
Stunning photo.
For those who want more>
       
http://emgn.com/entertainment/meet-ingo-and-poldi-the-most-adorable-unlikely-friends-in-the-world/ 
     
My favorite is where they are reading ;)
Ingo. What a beautiful name for a bird. 
Love the names
To the front page!
That dog is more beautiful than any woman I’ve ever seen
beautiful 
Ingo is my doctors name 
Thanx for making my day with this picture. Dogs are a 2nd genuine creature on this planet. 
This is so gorgeous it should be on a painting or a calendar or in a museum
O zo mooie doggo much wow wow super jaaa
he's definitely *not* an owl exterminator.

This is the greatest thing I’ve seen in my life 
I wonder what this old married couples grandkids look like ?
This is the greatest thing I've seen.
Be careful. That bird obviously has something bad in mind.
😏
What kind of dog is this?
Best friends stick together
So cute!
Man I love this subreddit.
So cute!
This dog is so cool looking only cause of the squinting.
Hes been taking headshots recently hasent he!
The plant looks like it is a "Bleeding Heart", which is are poisonous to dogs. If you have these plants were you live definitely don't let your dogs near them. 
Hey man,can i use your image on instagram?Verry cool photo......
What a beautiful Belgian Malinois, or what looks like a Belgian.
I've never seen them together in one picture.
Photoshop
That's a smart looking dog if I do say so myself. What breed? 
apparently i have a dog name...
I can see the caption of this like some kind of motivational poster or something.

"Wisdom, Loyalty, Grace."
I can't even handle this LOL
Is this a Disney film? 
If this were a movie, I would watch it.
#Superbowl
I like that Dog has no collar 
...IF ONLY I could be so happy as these two are. :-/
Awwn, Poldi can't do without her big inky Ingo.
This is just so cute and heart warming 
A bird in the hand is worth my bush.
That bokeh is insane. The blossoms and leaves on the lower right look like theyre from an oil painting...
See how he miiind me
This picture deserves an award.
This might be as close as get to picture of Belgarath and Polgara. I love this pic.
Poldingo, I love it!
As a Mali owner this is what I would refer to as a 'Smewd Boye'.
Superbowl, meet Superbdoggo.
[You really understand this image](https://miepvonsydow.files.wordpress.com/2014/05/jeedc.jpg)
https://500px.com/tanjabrandt
Way too sweet
Damn, that doggo stoned af! Must be the pollen.
Flowers even tho
If he sticks, I sits.
classic Ingo and Poldi.
Which one is Ingo and which one is Poldi?
These two are definitely animagus 
OP, are you German?
This is an extremely blessed photo. Thank you. 
That's a beautiful doggo.
Nice German shepard(lol)
So beautiful! It’s so beautiful when to different species of animals care for each other ❤️
Interesting, I have an uncle named Ingo
How is that bird supporting that dog?
Photoshop 
They don't look real
r/rarepupper and a r/superbowel
Wonderful friendship
This is the only Disney movie I would watch
I would watch this anime 
r/superbowl
You have the best pets. 
Ingo and poldi sounds like a great kids book
This is too pure for this world
Too perfect to be unscripted, but who cares!
Does the dog want a stick in it’s mouth just so the bird will come land on it.  
I was being sick last week and the cough syrup kicked in so [this happened](https://i.imgur.com/CQtz93I.jpg) .
GoodGuyDog
that is a fucking handsome dog
Cross-post to /r/animalsbeingbros !!!
That's a beautiful Belgian Malinois, and a lovely bird as well.
I see his tatt. What's the dog's history? 
This looks like it should be a hayao miyazaki film "my doggo hobo" 
r/animalsbeingbros
I see the start of a beautiful friendship.
Genuine question: Does your dog have him registered as a companion bird? 
Can't eat the bird when Doggo is biting the stick.
This looks like the cast of a graphic novel or animated short. 
It always seems to be this little owl and that kinda dog... I’m starting to think that they are all the same ones 
This look it be in a painting 
The restraint that dog must have.
Belgian Malinois right? 
Well this is a ridiculously wonderful thing that exists in the world now. 
THIS IS TOO CUTE
I. Want.
What of dog is that? I love him
This is too much (in the best way possible). My heart!
Does the German Shepherd have a lil tattoo on his ear? Ends in —27?
TIL German Shepards can fly.
HOW U GET DIS
This dog looks like Serj Tankian
Assistant Branch Manager 
Name a more iconic duo, I'll wait
Nice interracial. 
Fools.
This is a very tragic and rare birth defect called CCOP - Conjointcainineowlplasticity.
Just horrible.


[deleted]
Is that dog Russian? Because that dog looks Russian.
Ahh that’s so cute.
r/animalsbeingbros
That is an owl and a dog. 
I found more pictures [here](https://www.boredpanda.com/ingo-poldi-dog-owl-friendship-tanja-brandt/) I can't help but think this owl is stuffed or something. It just doesn't look like it's in a position other than dead. 
I don't buy it. I suspect the owl is hobbled somehow.
Ingo? Or Inigo? My red heeler's name is Inigo, and it's so rare to see that name on a dog, so it caught my attention. 
It needs more views , maybe even a gild
I saw this on /r/superbowl 
[deleted]
THATs prettt amamzjng and iphones suck balls 
