He's been choking me for years, why aren't you doing anything????
I'd watch a show of all the shenanigans they get into 
I think I speak for everyone when I say we want more pictures of them. 
They really do love each other. Full disclosure, they're my cousin's dogs. But my favorite puppets, EVER! 

Edit: Puppers, not puppets. 
Then and 2 weeks later
As someone who has put up a good deal of field fence, I would just like to say that that is some nice-looking fence on the right. Woven wire, pressure-treated post (6" diameter?), with full wrap-around on each strand. I would even bet that there's a cap on the top of the post to prevent water from soaking in. That's the good stuff.
Your brown dog really likes choking out his black friend.
I gotta unsubscribe from this sub.

I can feel all the "aww" wearing down my lifetime commitment to cynicism and misanthropy.

...I think it's making me...nice...
Great job by black pup. Keeping his chin down and fighting the hands to keep from being submitted by RNC.
That is adorable 
A+ puppy expressions
I'm shocked you were able to get the same pose twice. 
I want to be their neighbor so I can give them cookies at the fence.
Holy fuck, this is cute. 
*music starts*

"My pup pup friend!"
"My pup pup^^friend"
Best cell mates!
I demand another photo in about 3 years!
Always holding a brother down
> "I'm getting a little tired of this clingy bitch's bullshit..."
Omg!   That face is adorable.  
I feel like these photos were taken during a dog humping 


The black dog is like a permanent puppy!? What breed is it?
Our names are doggo  
We are best fren  
We do same pose   
We did back then  
G R O W N B O Y E S 
Adorable. What breed is the brown one? I want to get one. 
I just love them soooo much!!!
OH MY GOD IT'S DISNEY IRL!~
Looks like he made her his bitch.
The one on the bottom looks over it. 
They still look pretty young. Are they full grown?
[best friends](https://imgur.com/a/FSVDY)
then and now being one week later?
Little puppies and big puppies, they do good for the world.
Why can't my dogs get along like this?
All I wanted in life is the ability to have my own puppers. 
I love the buds!!
Cute!
Those are some seriously cute doggies!
Aww
Reminds me of [this](https://i.imgur.com/5ITqiND.jpg) dog.
Good god, this is he cutest pupper pic everrrr
As fast as puppies grow, this is 3 days of time.
Only photo recreation I’ve ever cared about.
When you’re beating up your friend but the teacher comes by
Gah damn If this isn’t the  cutest shit I’ve seen all day 

These look like my awkward prom pics
u/spanishlad2 awwwww
Ok Ok Ok ... HERE'S  your Upvote !!! Damn doggos are too damn adorable.
My heart! Op tell them I love than!!!!!
When’s the surgery to separate the two?
"we'll always be friends forever, won't we Todd?"

"that's right, Copper" 
H A N D S O M E  B O I I S
OP, you deserve a reddit gold just for your username alone!
Damn what'd they do? Been locked up way too long 
🎶When you’re the best of friends, having so much fun together! 🎶
Wait... but they're still puppies!
Then and one week later.
I am an emotional meatball 
Beautiful Dogs by the way.
H U G B O Y E S
Am I drunk and thinking this is super fucking adorable? It is right? Like real cute
Let them out of prison already!
This post was just under the gif from the florida shooting is exactly what I needed after that thread. Thank you, OP.
Best thing i’ve seen today.
They grew up together in prison.
"so.... you really adopted him too..." -black puppy probably
Why does you keeps that poor buds locked in the cell? :(
OP, you deserve a reddit gold just for your username alone!


GAAAH! That tan one looks a lot like mine!
What, three weeks later?
This is the best. 
So awesome! 
It looks like it is strangling the other dog
That’s so adorable 🐶🐶
"Let me out or the hostage gets it!"
Wtf, OP, let them out already.
what they hug like this all the time??


Adorbs! ♥
This is the cutest thing I've ever seen...besides my kitty..
2 weeks later.
This is what, like 3 months apart?
is that a Carolina Dog??
best friends forever!
Years later he still can't get out of the rear naked choke. 
Why are they always looking thru wires???
Hitdog is not very good at his job
1 month va 1.5 months 
Now it's mandated for you to post their pics every month from now on. 
Get those doggos out of jail right this minute!!
The fencing still in the way
Adorable
They haven't changed looks one bit!
CCCCCUUUUUUUUTTTTTTTTTTEEEEEEEE!!!
One of the cutest doggo pics I've ever seen :]
Then.


Like 2 weeks ago?
That’s still not much older though -0__0-
this picture is what America needs today
Oh this is the cutest then and now photo! :)
We unstoppable cuteness 
nice dogs
Cute
Angels 
aww they still look like little pups!
supercute
Disney movie in the works 
Test
Still humpin
I mean this is cute but like... They're dogs. You made this seem like it was years apart but judging by their growth it could be like 4 months
They slightly remind me of [my dogs](https://imgur.com/a/m8su1) 

Such cute pups!! 
D'AWH
JD and Turk 
you just broke my heart into a million little peices WHY YOU DO?
What's the difference in ages 2 months? They barley look any older! :p
What kinda pupper is the brown one?  We have one that looks similar and have no clue what she is. 
Damn this is too cute
Beauty that me and bae!
that tongue
Precious ! 
Then and now was like 5 days.
[deleted]
Still best buds, even after all these minutes.
That's this age
I have a feeling the golden dog is the wild one of the two
All the feels!
SOOO CUUUUUUTTTTTTEEEE DIJSVEJAWhWJ2IQHWUQ*VKAKaIW7m^!*^u7:&u7
Like 2 weeks later
Aaawww man, ours have done the same thing forever...
Fuck that’s cute.
Still best of buds
This is adorbs
What breed is each of them? I must know to add to my list of possible cute dogs to own in life
Best buds for like 3 weeks! Love it. 
This is so cute! 
Looking so much more mature on the right.
Homeward bound dawg 
My heart 
It's been like 2 months? 
Classic white supremacy. 
"We'll be best friends forever, right?"
I bet this picture would make those pups happy
Definitely they are good friends 
What kind of dog is the brown one ??
Looks like the carpet took a turn for the worse
Makes me want another pup!
Why are both phots behind wire news fencing?
Best buddies for life :)
Holy crap they were cute puppies
Beautiful child and another beautiful child
They is still puppieees
The blonde dog is still hugging the black pup in the second pic, oh my god that's so cute I can hardly stand it
U/ripleyriot
Oh my god! Steal my heart
Itza gonna be so sad when one dies before the other. 
Am I your brother, now and always?

Now and always. 
Cute 
I've had about enough of your shit, Brian.
All are cute! 😍😍
Are these pictures within like 3 months of each other?
Dogs can teach us alot about humanity
And both are still doing time 
Omg the tongue stickin out
Them damn ninja onions
In the second picture I can just hear the bottom pup thinking "This is really getting old..."
They're so lovely. What's up with the fence though?
What's the time differences between these pictures? They went from babies to puppies.
Is your dog the one who ate the bee yesterday
Got that Rear Naked Choke locked in pretty tight here.
This is the first picture to ever actually make me go “AWHHHH!” Out loud. 
anyone know what kind of dog the brown one is? that looks exactly like the dog I want!
I will choke you out, Wallace.
Where is Icedog.
Im not crying its just grown up puppies in my eyes
somethings just dont change
What breeds are they?
Awww!
Aww that's wonderful
They are still pretty young in the second photo, it must be only months apart?
Dogs are better than humans. Their minds are straightforward.
Looks like 3 weeks later
"I told you put 100 T-bone steaks in a bag or he gets it"- tan boy
Isn't that the doggo that ate a spicy fly? 
They’re so cute! I want to play with them...but I know I can’t...makes me sad I don’t have a doggie .
"Get off me, Larry"
Why does the black dog not look excited about this ;) ?
So like, three weeks later?
The weak should fear the strong
This thread is obsessed with dogs humping 
happy the year of dogs
Friendship don't have color, race, gender or genre
This is the best thing I’ve seen all day. Yet, do I stop hiccuping 
50 shades of Darker
Is the yellow dog's name Powertop?
They are too adorable to handle! Cuteness overload :)
Adorabubble
Chokehold's illegal, asshole.
Surely you go behind bars after the choking ...not during? Lapse security I say...
I hate to say it but this picture looks like it was taken 1 month later
What kind of dog is the black one 
 Reminds me of a concept pitch for Metallica music video. This one dog kept down by the weight of another his whole life that old man there is me yeah guitar solo kick kick them drums Lars. Or could just be one of the circles of hell for canines. Weird how cute things can suddenly turn frightening when over thought.
Why do they remind me of Naruto and Sasuke..
Start out the bottom, you are always the bottom. True for doggos and dating guys
STOP! STOP! YOUR PAWS ARE TOO WEAK!
Bonus blep*
Why is the black dog still a puppy and the yellow dog is old.. 
Needs more frying
 N  34,,,, queu6    clo rico fcf ,,, queu genuin6555ko5, 
  y yugo o lo l5. 8 yxz
and after all these years you still keep them in a cage?
Are they even the same dogs? Thats so stupid
