OP. Take a photo of when the puppy warms the butt and your daughter pouts. 
Careful with that...
My daughter used to sit on the vent and play on her tablet. Then one day my entire house started to stink like urine.. She was peeing down the vent.
I have tried everything short of tearing the pipes apart to clean them and nothing has worked. Every single time my furnace kicks on we all get to smell hot pee.
The early ass catches the heat.
That puppy has the head of a grown ass dog
This picture is going places.
One of my fondest memories as a kid was sharing the heater vent with my dog. Thanks for sharing OP! Brought back some memories. 
Plot twist: she’s filling your vents with toots. RIP, OP. 
Tomorrow: https://imgur.com/NnStzve
Years from now your pupper will be sitting on that vent wondering why your daughter isn't competing for it any longer.
The reaction on both of their faces is priceless.
Please please please try to get a video of them “fighting” over it
That dog looks like pagliaci
https://i.imgur.com/8jraOi5.gif
I grew up really poor, at least until my early teens when my mother pulled us into the middle class by tooth and claw. The house we lived in had an oil tank but we couldn't always afford fuel, so my step-father installed a small fireplace in the basement.

 I can remember to this day getting up for school in the predawn hours, the house so cold my mirror would have frost on it. But one place that was warm was the floor. So I'd sit on the vent in the kitchen, freezing my butt off in my spiderman underoos and get dressed for school. 

That was some 40 years ago. You know what they say... 'the more things change, the more they stay the same.'
They are so cute! I am waiting to be interviewed & they helped calm my nerves a bit. 
OMG ... those two are so frickin' sweet :)
Come on there is room for 2 butts on that vent! 
The way your dog is sitting reminds me of Francis from Oliver & Company. 
"I can't believe you've done this"
Me and my dog would do this when I was a kid, but our heater vent was on the wall near he floor. As soon as we heard the heater turn on, we’d both run to it and whoever was first got to sit closer
Your daughter is going to develop a Pavlovian response to heated car seats. I’m calling this now, she’s gonna have them on all the time and she’ll be jostling hard for the seats that do. Report back in 20 Years please OP. 
Why does the puppy simultaneously look like a 70 yo woman and a melting Neopolitan ice cream scoop?
Oh my gosh I've never seen a poutier bulldog face in my life!!! My rescue is part bulldog and those pouty lips keep her out of so much trouble!
Omg i want the puppy. I wanna give scritches and boops and cuddles omg its so cute 
They have the same eyes
Interesting to think they are probably around the same intelligence level, but the girl will quickly pass up the dog in a few years.
Reheating the overnight whizz. 
Your dog has Charlie Chaplin's face.
They're just competing to see who will make the nice stinker surprise that will invade the house for a few hours.  
Weird thing, but my family has used hairdryers for this purpose for years. Mainly on the feet, but it makes an excellent butt warmer also. FYI
Lol the puppy is like “But I wanted a warm butt first!”
This is so beautiful!!! I love heartwarming (and.. buttwarming?) posts like this :)
i think the one who loses should get the binky.
See? It's the simple things in life, a warm ass and the joy of cushing your morning rival.
I vote puppy 
The more I look at that doggo the more he looks like KK Slider
I just took a sheet from my bed and held it over the vent to make a tent of hot air.
OP, why aren't *you* the one warming you butt on that vent? You could dominate both of them.
The real reason your house smells shitty
Your daughter is a slav. Perfect Slavic squat form 
Oh shot I used to do that as a kid too! Except I would pull my shirt away from my body so that the hot air could hit my back. 
And they're both adorable.
That pup looks like Charlie Chaplin!!
Cute doggy!
 Now THAT'S funny. The look on puppers' face is priceless,  those eyes 😦😟
lol poor puppy :))
If not for sits then why is it made out of warms.
When I was a kid my dad used to turn the heat on high so I could sit over the vent and pull my t-shirt over my knees and creat the perfect seal to get as warm as possible. It was seriously one of the best things ever.
My cat dragged his bed over the vent in our dining room. Smart kitty.
What OP doesn't realize is neither use it to warm their butt, but instead a convenient potty. A week tops, *then* OP realizes.
Loser should get the pacifier.  It's only fair.
This is one of the cutest pictures. 
[deleted]
r/PimpingKids4Karma
English bulldog?
Tomorrow gonna poop in her shoe.
Puppy looked like a celeb but I just can't remember who
My sister and I used to do this in the morning at our old house!! We'd always share after a bit.  Thanks for the warm memories OP!!
Awe :) 
Your daughter is adorable.
Toasty buns
Your dog looks like Steve Harvey
In our computer room we had a circle table with a long table cloth on it and it made for a doggy sauna. We would always go in there with our old dog Max, gotta share that heat!!! Adorable pup and baby, her hair is so stinking cute!! 
This is such a great memory, it’s always the little details.
Wow, the expression on the pup is incredible. Cute baby and dog. 
this is the kind of picture you hang on a wall
This is why I will never post a picture of my invisible wife. The comments are just too awesome. I wonder if op is regretting all the butt jokes. 
It's Barty Crouch Sr's face on a doggo.
She's got great squat form 
Why does the puppy look like charlie chaplin or edgar allan poe?
The puppy really looks like he's pouting! XD
I was a real scumbag brother growing up.  I would fight my little sister to sit in front of the heating vent in the winter.  After I beat her I would sing a song to rub it in, 
"I beat Allison,
I took all the heat,
She is a loser,
and has such cold feet!" boom dee dada boom dee dada
LMAO, so cute!

The pup looks like an old woman with too much makeup on.
uh-huh
Why aren't you posting this in r/funny and harvesting that sweet karma?
That is seriously one of the biggest things I miss about living where I do now. I used to eat breakfast on top of the vent while I was wrapped in a blanket. 
Who doesn't like to warm their butt?
This is the cutest thing I've ever seen 
Now all you need is a monkey to be sickening.
La luz extinguido 
Damn, they weren't wrong about harvesting that karma!
So its a vent that blows out hot air? Is it like the main source of heating? Or do you have radiators too? I've never seen it before so I'm intrigued by it. 
Your daughter looks so smug. And your puppy looks like he’s about to tell you things were better back in his day.
I did this with my nightgown over my knees so the hot air ballooned my nightgown. It was cold in that trailer!
This is the cutest scene ever. 
Oh my god this is the most precious picture I've ever seen in my life 
puppy is cuter
Stop adding emojis to posts.
That is adorable but poor puppy! 
The title and the picture are just perfect.

Hopefully the potty training is further along then we were at when I took a similar picture....
This is sssooo cute!
I'm glad to live in a part of the world where heating vents aren't required. Instead, here in the tropics we stand or lay on the floor in front of the air conditioner vents, which has ample room!
Well folks I think we just found the cutest thing on the internet 
Aha. They looka da same
Love dat fuzzy hair
Awh your family is adorable 
Totally adorable 
So which one is the puppy? :)
[deleted]
Yep, there it is. The cutest thing I've seen in ages.
Turn the heat up?
The dog's face is priceless 
Reminds me of @frenchie.koyuki, who has basically been sat in front of a space heater for the last couple months.
I can't decide who has a cuter set of eyes
This is probably the cutest picture I’ve ever seen
Shes wasting it on her diaper
I too, have a butt warming bulldog who fights with me youngest for the best vent in the house.
These things help put a smile on my face after seeing how fked up our world is 
So cute 
Both looks so nice looks at the puppy expressions.
Word
Many childhood memories of waking up freezing and going to stand in front of the corn stove. 
I approve 
A dog has the intelligence of a toddler (2-3 years of age).
Pack Heirarchy
My brother and I would wrap up in blankets and lay on the radiators. The winner took the best one which was in the kitchen because the kitchen table bench was there and you had more area.  

That is too cute. It made made me laugh.
Damn anyone other than OP
The most adorable thing I've seen all day
That dog wants to eat the pacifier.
That squat, impeccable technique.
Lol
"What smells like hot diaper in here?"
You’re so lucky..I’m in love w/ both of them. Great picture:)
My sister and brother literally used to do that. At some point they ended up sharing it. 
Maybe you should turn up the heat. 
Aaaawwwwww
Twinning!
I guess just sit there and pout!
Lol they just sit there and watch you poop every morning? 
My bulldog does this too! He loves sitting in the sun too!
Your dog is an optical illusion like the spinning ballerina silhouette. It could be a pouty dog facing right, or a drooly dog facing left. 
tell me the dog doesn't look like Mr. Bean when he's been found guilty!
Tell us what it’s all a pout
cute baby fight & win 
awww!
so cute...
this is soo cute
Ruh roh gonna need more rooby rax
"I receive so few joys in the world, Sharon, and you're gonna let this baby take one? Please...Sharon?"
Awwwwww Cute...... Loved Them Both.... Can I have them for few moments???
He’s genuinely devastated
Thank you so sooo much for this after work delight! May the VENT wars continue!!
Lmao
your daughter looks like Bjork
No he’s just waitin
I remember doing this as a kid after taking a bath. Such a great and cute picture :)
Babygirl is too cute for words! I love the expression on her face. Sweet pupper, too!
Yeah your daughter is 
awww :( look at puppy...he soo sad about losing... :( the other hand baby girl is having a good time... :) :D her eyes are so beautiful
/r/photoshopbattles/
Your dog looks like [handsome squidwaed](https://goo.gl/images/Rfg0z9)
My butthole is warm
So cute*_*
Dog has the look of,"You fuckin going to do anything?"
Ohh pupper so saaad.
Cutest thing ever
I can picture me doing this... But failing and being the dog
The doggie and baby look like they are the same size. This is the most adorable thing I've seen in a long time!
Same litter?
Is this the repost or the other one 
Dog looks like Charlie Chaplin. 
Haha cute yet funny
Adorabubbles! 
Is that an English bulldog??
That's mean, let him do it.
Oh man, I needed this today reddit 😂 
Adorable. 
that is the saddest-looking dog i've ever seen.
You have a blessed life
now that's cute 
This pic is so full of life! Best wishes (and vents) to both 😂
This is the type of content I like to see. 
Awww more like eeeewww 
This is the cutest cutest thing! Your baby is gorgeous ... those eyes!! ❤️
Too funny and cute!
Hmm. I'd let the one with the least offensive farts win.
Bested by a baby. He looks totally bummed.
How cute your girl! ^_^
That is one sylvester stallone looking doggo.
Stop torturing that dog and move the child from the vent. 
It's all fun and games til one of them accidentally shits in the heating vent.
"I just pooped"
Growing up in an old house vent butt warming was a goddamn death race in the morning. 
Dog doesn't even know it has the canines to rip the toddler to shreds and leverage this fact to gain a significant foothold in this competition.
They should share, no? Valuable lesson.
If they went back to back they could share.
Those faces!!!! ♡♡♡♡♡
The dog looks like Charlie Chaplin!!
Friendship is the best thing ever. Except for best friendship, which is a little better. 
This made my morning !
This is just too adorable!
Amazing
Holy crap. I have a very similar flooring, wall and vent placement. 
Victory Smirk!
Never thought of that competition
She’s probably pooping too. My niece would do that all the time. Go crouch behind something and be really quiet. 
Haha the pup looks so sad 😂
Man up pup u got this 

There’s only one vent?
R/watchpupperedieinside
Why don’t you turn up the heat you monster!
My bulldog does the same thing with the air vent every morning, but she tries to kiss the air coming out of it.
Give the pup a chance!
The eyes, damn. To the victor, the spoils.
My sister used to do this...she did it after a bath one day (not wearing pants) and actually burned her skin. Beware.
This reminds me of when I was a kid. We had a fireplace in the living room and I loved sitting in front of it-- as did my dog. If she was already there I'd leave her be, but when I made it there first she'd be sneaky. She'd sit next to me and just slooooowly scooch her way behind me, until she was the one in front of the fireplace and I was in front of her. 
Your daughter is adorable.
So sweet and funny ahah 
The ol' side bite on the binky. Teething is a joyous occasion ಠ_ಠ
Dog and kid. Must upvote.
I used to fight with my Brother and Sister first thing in the morning for the heater vent! We used to grab a blanket and put it over the vent while we lie down in front of the TV. Super warm and cartoons. good times!
Is the baby gloating?
I used to sit on our heater vent growing up then we had to get our heater replaced and it was never the same.
Kids are good natural squatters, it’s funny how a lot of people lose that as we get older.
Mmm nothing like a hot diaper in the morning.
Cuteness overload - can’t breathe - help
 I think I'm ODing on cute
Darn it, you hit my "aw" button again today. I grew up in a home where the heating vent in my bedroom was basically useless, (I guess the vent flap was busted or something.. so even though my dad said he set it, heat only trickled out),  so first thing when I got up, I'd go downstairs and sit against the heating vent in the front hallway, where the heat actually came blasting out. Fortunately I didn't have to fight over it. Everyone else in my family thought I was a bit kooky for doing that (but then again, their vents worked) 

Nice to see that others have my same feelings about heating vents... Totally cute pic.
Is the vent thing a US thing?

We have radiators.

Plenty of room for everyone's butt. Conversely a really hot sheet of metal at the side of the room just waiting to burn any exposed flesh that comes into contact with it. 

Trying to decide if I'm jealous of vents or not. The cat would pee in it. The dog would drop toys down it. I'd drop keys down it. 
Id also probably try and heat food on it . 
does it get up to bbq temperatures? 

Say , tell me more about this 'vent'

#culturaldifferences. 
That’s a puppy with a dog head 
Girl can squat.
Love the hair!
One of these needs a trip to the groomer.
Well they both have won at warming my heart
This is so perfect <3
Un culo caliente es un culo feliz!
Then take a picture of you turning up the heat register:)
I feel like this needs to go in r/psbattles
Your dog looks like Jeremy Clarkson.  Do his woofs sound like "POWAHHH!!"?
This is one of the most adorable pictures i've seen 
the dog looks like he just accepted defeat aha
My childhood in a nutshell.
Aww the dog looks so defeated.
omg too cute
This reinforces the fact that toddlers are very much like tiny drunk adults.
I love when parents karma whore their children. 
My daughter used to use those types of binkys too, and always had hers sideways as well lol. 
Your little girl is too cute. 

You've gone and made me go into hyper broody mood again, thanks a lot OP.
[removed]
They are so cute! I am waiting to be interviewed & they helped calm my nerves a bit. 
Awwwwww, what a cutie she is!!!!😊
You have the cutest baby girl and the oldest looking puppy 😂 
Funniest thing i have seen.
How do you not just squeeze both of them all day?? 

Omg! All the cuteness! Pupper is saddo. ☺️🐶❤️
This is a repost from r/funny
Repost alert!
shes so cute
But did you tell the pooch what a good doggo he is?
Isn't she waaaay too old to need a pacifier?
[deleted]
I would like daily updates. Please and thank you
Imagine if there where two nearly identical posts, on two nearly identical subs, with two nearly identical top comments. O.^
Girl's expression is saying "yeah that's the stuff"
Ugly dog
Take a pic of ur puppies butt and your daughters face and compare them side by side
Using air to transport thermal energy... how extremely inefficient. Only in ‘Murica I guess
God damn. My ovaries just grew back.
That baby is extremely adorable. And the lil girl too ☺️
WARM👏HIS👏BUTT👏
[deleted]
This is one of the cutest pictures I've ever seen.
This is the best thing ive seen today
It's been a long time since some random post made me squeal! 
Is there a sub for cuties like these 2

this sub unfortunately isnt as cute as i hoped, its more like an animal sub and sometimes they happen to be cute
Very Cute
So cute
 Cute
Maybe, just maybe, your house is too cold for small children and animals?
88k for a backstory. Holy fuck, what trash.
Keep that on your cloud, one drive and anywhere else! That picture is priceless and I can imagine you showing people for years to come.
US y u no radiators?
 really cute. both are looking gorgeous..  

Hot. 
Are you shitting? Or peeing sitting down?
poor puppy :<
This needs gold, this is awesome.
I'm sorry but at first glance I thought the baby had dog shit on her mouth and the dog was there with a "I didn't tell her to do it" look.

(I hardly see babies with pacifiers anymore)

/r/THATHAPPENED 
Why is there a hole in the floor?
That’s not what happened you fucking lying piece of shit OP
Just buy a fucking heater
We used to call this vent the “warmy warmy”  spot lol that’s awesome 
[deleted]
And now the kid has grill marks on her ass. I'm sure the authorities will find that *interesting,* don't you?
I don't want to be a downer here, but I did the same thing with my feet when I was a child, and it resulted in chapping/deadening of the skin.


So just watch-out and be careful. The heat combined with lack of humidity can cause difficulties with persistent exposure.
>butt

ass
Poor puppy... he must be cold. At least your baby girl has pajamas to keep her semi-warm
Why is there a warm air vent in your house?
[deleted]
That's not a baby. 
Ridiculously adorable.
I would never let my dog win if I were you. It should be lower in the pack hierarchie then your kids.
But hey, it's your kids...
It should be: "My baby girl and my puppy". Why would you put an animal before your own daughter in that sentence? And your daughter should always win because you made sure the dog knows she can warm her butt on the vent anytime she wants. Daughter first, animal second.
It's all fun and games until the dog lashes out and tears up the beautiful little girl's face. 
I’d like to kick the girl and put the dog on the vent 
Am I the only one who thought that there was dog poop on the baby's face
