"Guess I'm a Scottish caddy now" 
Looks like an old Scottish man with strong opinions on everything. 
It suits him!
I can tell he likes it coz his tail is a blur!
I would one day like to be a lady giving random dogs nice little hats! 
"ciao, mi chiamo Bentley.  Hai un biscotto per me?"

-the dog, probably 
Ah yes. A lovely, wholesome story from u/SEND_TIT_PICS. 
[deleted]
*crocheted. Hookers represent. 
That’s absolutely adorable! Hopefully he likes it!
HE IS SO HANDSOME!
come join us in /r/schnauzers! Bring Bentley!
What a really nice thing for her to do, also she really did a great job, looks awesome on him. You should show her this page when you see her next, I'm sure she'd love to know how many strangers loved her effort. 
http://images6.fanpop.com/image/quiz/1052000/1052563_1383177670120_500_283.jpg
i’ve been having just a totally shitty day, and really month due to a breakup. this pic made me burst out laughing and this is the cutest fucking thing i’ve ever seen. thank you for posting it.
What a very sweet gesture by that lady, she'll be thrilled every time she sees Bentley wearing it so proudly.
Reminds me of the dog in Lady and the Tramp.
Looks like Jamie from Mythbusters
This has been a really hard night for me, and honestly, Bentley and his dapper hat have been the best part about it. Thank you so much for posting this.
Now all he needs are some little golf clubs and a wee dram!
I have a Corgi named Bentley. He's very short in height, but makes up for it in length.
Och, aye!
r/dogswearinghats would like a word with you, Bentley 
With a chin strap and everything. That's a nice lady. 
Judging by the blurry tail, he loves it! 
r/wholesome
Oi that is one dapper chapp, I'll tell ya.
Talented lady
Yup, looks good on that good boy! 
My favorite part is how you can see his tail wagging furiously
Omigosh his tail is blurry from happy wags! What a sweet boy!! I need to find a place with a shop dog!
I work at a small hardware store where we get a lot of regular customers who bring their dogs in (mainly because we keep treats behind the register... heh). I've gotten so attached to some of our regulars, that if I could knit, I'd totally knit some stuff for them. 
Some one send him some tit pics! 
Awww.  Bentley is a miniature schnauzer.  Make sure your vet monitors his blood sugar for diabetes.  Mine died of complications of diabetes and we didn't even know he was sick until it was too late.  We were and still are heartbroken though it has been several years. 
Che figata
He really looks like a Bentley
Bentley.  💕
10/10 would see Bentley for advice.
Omg so an old lady sees a stranger's dog in a store and thinks "that dog needs a hat!" leaves, knits a hat, & comes back to gift it to your dog. That's amazing. 
“Git me a pint o’ Guinness an’ I’ll tell ya a story. Might sound like the dog’s breakfast at first but stick with me...”
That’s such a nice thing for her to do! Lucky pup. :)
This dog should be a model!
I think the greatest part about this post is OP's username.  
Holy cow that name fits him perfectly!
I literally laughed out loud when I saw the picture. That's the most perfect hat for him!
This is my new favorite photo ever. Please make him a tiny golf club set
Good looking dog. Does he help with the tit picks you are trying to aquire? 
What a grandma thing to do. Op better invite her over for Easter
You have really nice hardwood floors
https://i.imgur.com/DTnOECo.jpg

My little man’s named Bentley too!
BORK, LADDIE!
Yeah OP, and why don't you tell that nice old lady what your user name is. 
Good pupper.
Look Bentley a butterfly! NOOOOO BENTLEY!! 
I'm waiting in the dentist's office having a mini panic attack cos I'm terrified of the dentist & this made me feel so much better. Thanks OP and Bentley and old Italian lady! 
Ive never seen a hat suit someone better than this dog right here. Very awesome!
Perfect Combination!
Hipster Doggo doesn't eat processed kibble
I know a dog called Bentley too :) the happiest most loving cocker spaniel 
He’s looking so sharp! 
r/accidentalwesanderson
“We named the dog Indiana”
Damn she heckin NAILED that hat so hard.

I have never seen a hat that suited someone so well until now.  Its the perfect color and size and shape for this good pupper.  I cant get over this its blowing my mind.
That's a terrific hat and he looks so good in it! I really love his name too. 
he looks quite handsome
A proper gentleman
He just needs a pipe and he'll be ready to sniff out murder.

He got the boots with the fur 
This is so wholesome and pure.  😂😍
This totally made my day even better than it already was. 
The first thing I saw was the username...
It looks like it’s crocheted, not knitted.  Very nice hat!
You must be drowning in tit pics now.
did you ask her to SEND_TIT_PICS?
The American flag on him looks cute!
That is one dapper doggo
I love your name hahaha 
Can't imagine Bentley without this hat honestly
His tail is in hyperdrive!
1) Perfect hat for your pooch

2) Perfect name for your pooch
 

10/10 would pat and give a biscuit 
He looks like he would show me a safe and beautiful path through the mountains.
He’s so cute with that American flag and the hat!!
B E S P O K E H A T B O Y E
the floor, the hat, the filter on the picture. is this brooklyn? :D
What a dapper dog.
Perfect
He looks wonderful :’3
Thanks for sharing your doggo, u/SEND_TIT_PICS !
r/dogswithhats
And what a stunning hat it is 🎩 
Bet she wouldn’t like that your username is SEND_TIT_PICS
Schnauzer! I wish my Lucy had a cute hat like this. 
That is absolutely adorable and I'm sure seeing him wear it made her day. Little things like this really warm my heart, because something very simple to you may be a big part of someone else's life.
Cute but if that happened to me it was be awkward if the hat wasn’t on Bentley each time she saw him. Might just be me. 
My pupper is named Bentley too. He's a gray and white Morkie.
Reading through the comments. OP, thanks for making so many people's days a little better with this picture.

Certainly made a weird, emotionally exhausting day a little better for me and put a smile on my face :)

Bentley is adorable! I wonder if it is a crocheted or a knitted hat. I crochet, but never devoted a lot of time to knitting so it's an incredibly foreign concept to me that boggles my mind.


Hes a little Scotsman.
If this is true,  it is literally the best thing that has happened in 2018. Suits him perfectly. 
Omg you have the cutest dog. 😍
I think every business should have an "office pet"...moral would be higher...attendance would increase...productivity might lag a bit in the first few weeks until a comfort level is reached in the office. Some college should do a study on pets in the workplace.

My local bodega has a cat Bella....Bella is the shizznit. I go buy stuff there just to pet Bella
That is perfect 
Dapper af.
 [very relevent](https://i.imgur.com/2L13vBG.png)
That is the most awesome thing I've seen all day, and I'm even going to end my online day now because this is the pinnacle and nothing could be better.  

[Pet Tax](https://i.imgur.com/9LBKMRg.jpg)
Judging by that tail blur, that is one very happy boi!
I want to golf with that dog.
Awwww I love the hat lady and I love Bentley!
/r/dogsWithHats 
Aye woman! I said I need a wee bit o' scotch!
I'm pretty sure your dog is an old British man

In a good way

Edit: old Scottish man
Random, but I totally have a scarf I made for myself out of that exact yarn! 

He looks adorable 😊
Old Man Bentley!
*let me paint you like a French pupper*
Super cute.

The real question though is, why would you need to go to the store every day?
Did she send you tit pics too?
Have you gotten any tit pics being on the front page?
Did you... did you ask for tit pics?
Very dapper, [here's my derpy Bentley](https://imgur.com/a/87U3r).
He looks so dapper with his mustache and the hat!
It suits him so well!
Perfect hat for that dog. I feel like he's smarter than me.
What a little sweetheart
This dog has an Irish accent, I can feel it.
Very dapper. 
Thats a right proper laddy. 
Looks good 
Awwww! it suits the doggo perfectly <3!
This is freaking adorable!! I ❤️ him 
I bet Bentley is a fantastic painter. 
this OP gets it 
Well. 

I’m dead. 
This hurt my heart :,( 
He just needs a tiny shillelagh and he's all set.
He looks like a cartoon character. I can practically here the Scottish accent. 
"Where's my Scotch?"
Never take it off!
That's is absolutely adorable! Perfect fit that hat is! 
Just great, even a dog has better style than me!
I wish I could be that fucking cool.
No Bentley needs to yell "Get off my lawn!"
Alright so this is adorable. 
Adorable. 
He is such a Bentley, especially with that hat. 
Schnazzy!
Awesome hat, Bentley. You wear it well!
This is the most distinguished looking dog I have ever seen. 
He deserves his own movie. 
Hey another Bentley. I love that there is always a similarity in dog breed for certain names. Like I know a bulldog named Bentley and my English springer spaniel (field dog) who is also named Bentley. All would suit an image of them playing poker or being in a pub. 
He’s beautiful 😍
Its a me ah! Nunna bentley! Here to make you some a pasta n na meat a ball a!
That is the only kind of hat that pup should ever wear.  It’s fantastic. 
I love this so much.
You better replace that American flag with a Scottish one. 
Soooooo adorable hahaha ! Oh my goodness. Made my day. 
Can he paint?
Good morrow sir
your dog now is known as Vicenzo "Vinny" Canelone or Wool Hat Vinny
How could you not love Bentley - he is super cute
I would take it from him and wear it myself. That hat is dope.
What a little gentleman!
There's hope for this place yet.
il mio cagnolino cappello
Schnauzers are the best dogs. Don’t @ me.
Get that boy into a classic British roadster stat.
What kind of store is it?
Did she let you SMASH?
A proper scottish name too!
I normally despise clothing for animals in all forms... but I completely approve of this one.  The dog is perfect for the hat, and the hat is perfect for the dog.  Depriving the dog of the hat at this point just seems wrong.
He looks like the dog I see at the dog park drinkery that always keeping the other dogs from getting too rough with each other.
I have a white schnauzer. I would seriously pay money for this hat for him.
Beautiful! Give her a photo.
That hat really sets his style.  Totally classy!
Bentley looks quite the little gentleman in his jaunty tam o'shanter hat and beard.
Damnit, that is freakin adorable!

I hope this lady makes more and sells them. That’s one good looking hat. 
He looks dashing!
Looks french. With or without the hat.
The kind older Italian woman will be blessed by the canine angels.
He looks so smart, specially with his French beard :))
Very Scottish, I like it!
Stylin
A Scotty with a tam!.. very fitting

Edit: damn auto-correct!...
Snazzy!  And it appears he feels as good as he looks.
“If it ain’t Scottish it’s CRAP!”
A scotch bonnet for a hot pepper.
Oh my gosh it's perfect!! How sweet is that!?!
HE LOVES IT!
That is perfect.

So handsome!! 
Cute.  The color suits him.
Look at that tail go.

This dog is the coolest dog. 
This is why life is so great! 
This is the cutest thing I've ever seen
That dog is stylish AF 
That hat’s crocheted, not knitted. 
I love schnauzers. They’re so well tempered.
Im saving this pic forever
He should be addressed as Sir Bentley.
Dog, hat and shoe go together perfectly.
I feel like this dog may begin telling a charming tale of life at sea for the Royal Navy and how after the dog served, the dog started a charter and commercial fishing business down at the shipyard.
Damn, that's a sharp looking hat. 
It’s like the one from super gran
SOOOOOO CUTE!
Oh my god that's perfect.

Now he just needs a monocle and a pipe.
Your hat turned booker into a character from isle of dogs
I dont blame her, he's adorable 
That dog from lady and the tramp 
Ask her if she plays TF2. 
This is beyond cute.
Crochet*
he looks very dashing!

That's amazing! That Italian woman must be some angel in disguise! 

Dude my dog has the exact same white patches in the exact same sports on her face.
He looks so cute!
Bentley is so chic and fashionable. I love it!! 
When I was a boy I had a Miniature Schnauzer, his name was Otis. He was the best dog anyone could ever ask for, he was smart, maybe too smart, loyal, loving and I miss him terribly. Give your Bentley a big hug from me. 
Wait you mean those dogs don't just come with one of those hats?
It might be me, but every Schnauzer I've ever come across has the demeanor of an untroubled old man. Do mean Schnauzers exist?
Holy shit. Thats my uncle Reemus!
Is he related to Baxter?
I SAID GOOD DAY SIR!
soooooooo cuuuuuuuuuuuuuute. He looks like a painter(artist) 
Pretty Scnauzer!
Well, thats a very fine hat and completely suitable.
This is so great 
Wax on wax off
Well done his fur and eyes matches the hat
It is perfect. You could swear that he chose it himself!
He looks so wise....yet whimsical.
This is the least offensive thing to make me laugh all day. 
He looks like my old dog , I had an old Italian lady knit him a hat as well 
Lmao, something so wholesome from a guy with a username like that.
This dog needs to be a cartoon character.
I'm really into this.
Jesus Christ this is too much. In a good way. 
 Perfect! She is a genius, and it suits him! 
Bentley doesn't want to go back
Does your username have anything to do with your store?
The aristocrat beard, the hat, the name... no matter where he was born originally, he is British. Period. ;) 
Usually dogs hate clothes. But he’s wagging his tail sooo much that it’s a blur lol!
I’m getting a strong artist vibe. I’m also picking up on some wisdom with this one. 
LOL
Nice user name. 
Awww that's precious 😍😍 & he is adorable 😍
Aww good Brantley 
That woman has made dog hats previously.
Molto Bene!
Omg hes so cute it is amazing 
He looks as if he is getting ready to go motoring in the countryside and he’ll be back in time for afternoon tea.  
I've lived in or around the same town the last 20+ years. The hardware store on ferry street always finds a dog who loves chillin in the window space. Always makes me happy to see when I pass by.
The hat is SOO cute on him!
Bently: "I have seen... many things"
I need to learn to knit.
That’s the classiest dog I’ve ever seen.
This dog looks like he'd yell at children to get off his lawn
More importantly, do girls actually send you tit pics just from the inertia of your name 
Bentley is amazing and deserves all the hats!!
That’s absolutely adorable.
/u/brightteyes101
I feel like this is the top name for this kind of breed
Cute! What kind of store do you own? Your customers are lucky; I would love to shop where a pup hangs out all day!
I need to knit a hat for my dog. 
Good luck! I believe,the older Italian woman liked Bentley so much will  some day give a dog coat she knitted.
I love his name very much. He looks great with that hat too!
The only time I ever hear my name other for myself, are dogs. 
Your dog is adorable!
This is amazing
Looks like she made him a Tam O’ Shatner!
Sweet doggie.
Thats sick asf
What store? WHAT STORE!?! I wanna go now! I wanna see that doggy in a hat ^^
Awww!!! 😍😍😍😍
That’s so wonderful
Can I buy one!
Could be a beatnik. Could be a detective.
That. Is. Awesome. 
Hey i had a jack russell named Bentley. Cute little dog you have.
Look at that tail blur! He loves his hat!
She was very sweet to make the hat.Doggie looks very pleased & proud. And heis quite handsome.
She shoulda knitted a kilt to go with that hat

The hat suits him and he looks very distinguished. 
Good story, sendtitpics.
Doggy, the painter
PAWrfect!!!!
I like how you can see his tail wagging
Give that woman a job and then immediately give her a raise because she knew exactly what she was doing.
What type of dog is this?
Is he a dapper/wise old Scottish man?
Schnauzers are absolute heart breakers. My sweet boy would cause a visible shift in pedestrian traffic as people swerved closer to admire and pat him.
I can’t even begin to express how much I love this picture. Thank you!!!!  
fashion boi
Dog looks like a character extra in Tintin

It works so well! 
r/rarepuppers
"Hey. I made your dog a hat."

haha what a wonderful thing to do


What a handsome li’l chap!
I normally don't agree with people dressing their pets up, but this is a bit different, and it suits him super well. 
Bentley is very dapper, stylish and chic looking. A delight.  How kind of the woman to make him his special hat.
Its so perfect.  He looks like a lil chauffer!
Does anyone know what kind of dog this is? Or what mix? He looks just like my terrier rescue 
Aah that's so CUTE!!!
Touched by the hand of ~~God~~ Nonna.
Oh hai doggy.
I think I just had a cuteness induced aneurysm. 
Looks like this dog wears a kilt and plays the bag pipe #jussaying
Wow! So cute

That's one dignified dog 
For some reason I think a newsboy cap would go with him like PB and J..This is a close second though. Some round eyeglasses like what harry potter wears would go perfect with that hat. Doggo would look fly af. 

What a nice lady. Knitting takes a wee bit of time to do.  ^_^
Your dog is fly as hell! 
That dog needs a pipe!
BENTLY NOOOOOOOOOOO
That hat was made for him. 
I strive to be as adorably aesthetic as this lil pup right here
Scottish hat, dope. U.S. scarf... Meh. Maybe if it was hand knit.
there's a sub for everything r/dogswearinghats 
Bentley needs a pipe!
This is too adorable 
That is so adorable!
New le' ma teel yew a story tha'll shrink yer balls ta the size of raisins.
A wee tooried tammie!
What is your store??
It definitely suits him well, but you can tell he's like "fuck off, fickle ole' bitc."
I’m so late to the game but I want your dog and his little hat too. *evil laugh* but not really cause they’re awesome. (Wizard of oz reference if you don’t get it)
*Aye Chum.. so chunky you can carve it*

https://youtu.be/oUj_gESVMVU

https://youtu.be/XYuqLOfgy1I

These were huge in Australia in the past... This dog is the new mascot.

Edit: So *chumpy* . It's been a while....
This is the most adorable thing I have ever seen 
Wow this is fantastic! Now I want one. A hat... I can't have a dog where I live.
He looks like a real life disney dog, you know what I’m talking about, the french grumpy yet lovable woofer who has like 5 minutes of screen time, just lovely
Your dog looks like he would have a Scottish accent. 
That is incredibly cute!
Looks like he’s handing out newspapers in the 20’s
OH MY GOODNESS
He looks like such a lad now 
[deleted]
Aaw he looks like such a cutie 
Lady and the tramp. Am I right
This dog looks like a Bentley. I love it when that happens. Though, it does make me wonder, did he come to suit the name Bentley or was he named Bentley because it so suited him?
Hats off to that lady for making such a nice gift!
Old people are so unpredictably nice.
He looks so cute - like the dog friend in lady and the tramp❤️😊👌
Schnauzers are the best small  terriers. Once you get one-you'll buy the breed for the rest of your life.
You live in a Wes Anderson film.
Oh my god. My heart. 😍😍
He's so cute :)
[deleted]
Nice bit of flooring , karndein davinci, I have the exact same , the dog looks pretty cool too
one word: STYLISH!
Who are the 4500 people who downvoted this post? How could they? 
Awww is he a schnocker?! My dog is a schnauzer cocker spaniel and he looks just like this. Funny enough his name is Bailey. Pretty close! 
Cool dog dawg
Nice username my friend
That dog shoots 3 over par on 18 and drinks scotch at the clubhouse bar after. 
He reminds me of the one from lady and the tramp :) 
I’d play croquet with Bentley any day!
That fella needs a tobacco pipe
My aunt Brenda also has a schnauzer named Bentley. Bentley has a sister named Mercedes. Are you my Aunt Brenda?
what type of dog is it? i mean " what is this dog called?"
Bentley is a wonderful name for a VERY handsome dog and the lady did him proud!
This makes the dog more attractive!!
That is SUCH a Bentley!
Aww that is the most perfect hat too! Its so awesome that there's still people like this in the world!
Your dog is Jamie Hyneman?!
I love this. My mom takes out Chiweenie to her thrift shop and there’s an older lady who has knitted her tens of sweaters for her. My mom switches out the sweater every day because she has so many now. 
Username checks out
a good boi for sur
😀
Give him a kilt and he'll be a Scottish terrier... I'll see myself out.
Your dog is the best boy!
Cody from the reckoners, but as a dog
What breed is this?
He deserves it!
Good Bentley! You dapper hat-chap, you!
They say that dogs named Bentley really *drive* you crazy 
Awww
I think she likes little pet pretty much even my friends never gave me a single gift without any reason. 
Bentley is a really fitting name for the little guy
That's a heartbreaker right there, I tell you what. 
So cute 
I can hear this dog's accent. 
Does he bark with a Scotts accent?
Lookit this adorable liddle Gaucho!!!
looks like he could be a good chimney sweeper 
Great Scott!
What kind of dog?
What is it looking for? 
This makes me unspeakably happy
*Non avere peli sulla lingua!*
Bentley is a very good name for a pupper 
😍
Why does he look like the rock ?
Super gran, it was a tv show - google image searh ...

He’s looking dapper as fuck.
D'aawwww, look at that lil tail waggling!
A miniature Schnauzer named Bentley? I have one of those too. 
He looks dashing
Damn Bentley looks good!
I'll take 10!
Is that a scnhouser ?
This is grand.
I was not prepared for how awesome that hat is on your dog.

Tell him he looks great! Tell old Italian woman she knits great dog hats.
Oh my heavens it's perfect to the last detail


My god but that is a handsome looking picture.
Is this a pure schnauzer? Looks a lot like my schnauzer/terrier
He looks so adorable. How old is he?
Legit Italian style 
In before "that's crochet." I love your dog.
Does he have a bloodhound and cocker spaniel friend? If he does, keep him away from horse drawn carts for the love of god!!!
Mfw when a dog looks better with a hat than I do.
r/thisismylifenow
That hat really suits him
awww whow cute
Omg, this is my new favorite dog in clothes.Aww coochie Benito.
What store do you visit daily?!
He looks like he’s about to drop some knowledge on where to get the brew in town. 
Very dapper lad.
She was so nice!
Suits you sir! 😁
Hairy maclairy
Ermagerd. 
I miss my schnuazers :( that's an adorable photo!
He looks like a sweet old Scottish grandfather without the hat, but this takes it to a whole new level of perfection. I've never seen any hat on a pupper that seems to scream the dogs exact personality but she NAILED IT. Haha. So stinkin cute.
I love how his tail is wagging. What a happy boy! 
He looks super happy with his hat....wy too cute
omg That’s the perfect hat for him! I hope it matches his ascot and smoking pipe! 
Look Bentley a butterfly! NOOOOO BENTLEY!!


Get this thing off my head please human
Now that is a dapper dog.
Bentley is working the shit out of that hat!!! Handsome man
That lady has won the internet today.
(((Take it OFF!  Really?)))

Naa, he's cute....
What a cute dog :)
IS THAT A SCHNAUZER?

I love him already.
I shouted "AWWWH!" in public for this.
What a dapper looking fellow! 

If my Scottish Grandad was a dog, I imagine he'd look like this 😊 
Username... doesn't check out?
Hahah, that hat was made for him.
a Scotty in a tam!! 
Look at that tail mid-wag! He's a happy boy.
Bentley, taking some time off peeling potatoes and wondering when his young ones will come back from war. 
what a jolly good lookin chap
This made my morning. Thank you. 
Aw I hope my scottie gets grey like this someday!
Bentley... what a great name for a pooch.  🤙🤙🤙
I cannie take the cuteness, cap'n!!
That is a dapper dog 
Fucking wholesome as fuck.
I love his hat.
well this is amazing
Oh. My..... Gosh

.....
I can’t imagine taking our schnauzer with us to the store, he’d die of barking at every single thing. 
What breed is it? It looks like a schnauzer I love the hat!!!
Why does the hat work so well?
That is one dapper doggo
Dapper dog 
Looks like a zen master 
'e loik me hat laddie?
That is awesome!
Can we have a pic of it with a monocle? 

My life will be almost complete! 
Old scruffers really likes his tea and biscuits with a good read. 
Squeeeeeeeelllll!!!!!   So adorable!!!
OMG the cuteness!! 
I saw this and said “SQUEEEE”!!! So cute!!!
"I'm here to view the tapestries!"
Dawwww! That is so adorbs!! It makes him look like a little old man.
A patriotic Doggo, with a nice stache. Approved!
This hat fits him so cute! 
Looks so cute with that hat.
I love his name very much. He looks great with that hat too!
With that hat, his name is just *perfect*
It suits him!
Wow hes old but still adorable and cutie
Schnauzers are the best small  terriers. Once you get one-you'll buy the breed for the rest of your life.
I imagine this dog sounds like Bill Bailey
He looks like a proper gentleman now.
Great Scot!
Because dogs completely dig hat fashion
 Love the hat. He looks very dashing in it.
That's one fashionable god damn dog.
Now all he needs is a golf club and he's a proper Scottishman
I can feel the Italian-ness by the floors and that shoe...but not the hat though.
Thats the state of socializing in North America. Everything revolves around dogs now.
It totally seems like it's working for him!!
Dog goals 
Sooo cute!

What breed
Woof he’s hot!
My heart was not prepared for the cuteness overload. Oh my. 
I LOVE IT!
Dapper 
I'm so glad to see your dog! My friend now has his mom's Scottish Terrier. She got Maggie as a pup when her husband\my friend's dad died on the 23rd of Oct. 2007. He was 87 when he died & his mom was 85. She's still alive & well enough to spoil my friend with homemade apple pies but now lives with a younger sister so can no longer have the dog. So my friend now has her & she's too cute! 
But it looks like nothing really bends on her including her legs so she gets all excited & kinda does this stiff legged jump! Cracks me up! I show a pic of her to friends and all of them are really surprised she's small. I, in turn, am surprised they're surprised! How big do they think Scottish Terrier's are? I mean dog forbid they know as much as they tell people they know! 
Username checks out
Animals should not dress in human clothing it’s not natural !

Thanks,
Jerry
Why go to the store every day??
Your dog looks like a douchebag now. 
Classy!
Ugh Bentley
Is this a pure schnauzer? Looks a lot like my schnauzer/terrier
Hm... hat. For dog... It looks funny, but dogs don'y need hats :/
Poor dog. 
OMG, Bentley is quite the English gentleman.
What a cute username I mean story!
/r/thathappened
Don't bring your dog to the fucken store you selfish prick, you never thinking people like,me who are afraid of dogs
r/thathappened
What does her being italian have to do with anything.
Am I the only the who despises clothing on pets?

e: Well, instead of commenting the downvotes speak volumes. Not convincing to the point but still...
Nice looking dog, for pet owners definitely check out [snaggit](www.snaggit.org) 
The stars and stripes aren't meant to be on a bandanna, on a dog.

The flag design is supposed to be on the flag, only. Not on a t-shirt, or a bumper sticker or a fucking dog bandanna. Some some respect for your country's colors.

https://www.racked.com/2017/7/3/15879778/american-flag-clothes-code
[deleted]
Shame about the shitty bandana 
She wanna fuck yr dog.
