They clipped my wings Goodboy.  You be my legs, and I'll be your voice.
Save that number, whoever is taking pictures like this needs to be a friend.
Ok Reddit. Next challenge is to figure out who sent this and where is it.

Looks tropical so ruling out Canada.... for now.
I once went to email my mom a photo of my dogs and I got the email off by a couple letters. A day later I got a reply from someone saying something along the lines of “Appears you have the wrong email, but cute dogs! Here is a photo of mine, Jeffrey and Chloe.” Followed by an adorable dog photo. A year later I got an email from him with an updated dog family photo, and I sent one back. Can’t wait to see next years. 

Edit: Words. Also, made a post. 

Second edit: Unsure where to post. Aww only accepts photos without text and Pics does not accept screenshots. 
Walt Disney Pictures and Pixar Animation brings you a tale from the high seas featuring the most unlikely duo... SHIPREX!  Rex is a puppy whose wishes is to become a seadog and find his long lost father.  Lago is a parrot whose looking for a mysterious man with a hook for a hand that killed his beloved owner.  They team up and sail the seven seas seeking the one thing they hope will make them whole again, only to discover the one thing they really needed was each other.
The dog must be a pirate 
Plot Twist: The dog texted you the picture. Have you tried a barking text response?
[This](https://imgur.com/a/AGGqi) is the closest thing I can provide of proof right now. I had received a text from the person almost exactly a year ago. My guess is he deleted the chat but still had the number somewhere. 
That dog looks like a construction company manager whose wife FINALLY convinced him to go on vacation after several years of consistent workaholism and now he's wondering what Mike is doing at the Reynolds property without him there to supervise 
I would watch this movie
I'm guessing this is Belize. The reef is REALLY far out there and the waves are flat. 
One time someone texted me a picture of a horse with CRIMINAL written on it in bold red letters. I texted back and said they had the wrong number, but I really wanted to know what the horse did. They didn't respond. To this day I still wonder what kind of crimes that horse committed. Did he rob liquor stores? Kill an entire family? He did look kinda shady.  
Respond with "More Please!"
That must be so nice receiving a photo like this from a stranger, heck the only thing I've gotten on this number are law firms asking for this French truck driver who had it before. 
Lol this is great. Have you responded?
Google image search "Best guess for this image: water"

I for one do not fear our robot overlords. They have some work to do.

Looks like Charlie? Was the number an (812) area code?

https://www.wthr.com/article/only-in-indiana-ridin-with-charlie
Thank them!  Also, make effort for your new friend. 
So a dog, a parrot and a Rabbi walk into a bar...
That's a nice hippo, chilling with a toucan like that.
I can just imagine being the person who sent this:

*sends pic* 

okay, now- oh shit, wrong number, I'll fix that in a sec, just lemme check Reddit for a sec.

*sees this*

 ..son of a bitch.
Unique and just for you.  thank you for sharing
for almost a year I received automated calls from a junior high school letting a parent know that their kid was absent from school.  sometimes the kid would miss whole days, sometimes just a few periods.  i remember trying to intercept those calls from my parents, and all the drama they caused so i kind of agonized over calling the school to let them know they had the wrong number.  eventually i called them but, again, it took me close to a year.  you're welcome kid.   
If i ever take a unique picture I am going to send it to some random stranger.
Not texas 
I want to receive wrong number texts like this. Instead I get: Thank You for signing up for Cat Facts!
My name is dog

Am strong and stout

Best friend birb

Is good lookout


*****

Despite repost

We are birb and dog

Still good picture

So maybe fucking relax
I want to save this as my laptop background 
I love burb
I'd just type subscribe and see what happens
Oh so the dog isn’t weaing pants. 
I'm sending this photo to random numbers now

Wrong number. Right text.
You should text back a link to this reddit thread. 
It’s clearly someone from the other side that is reaching out to let you know everything is great. 
Propose
This is a gift from the universe. Keep it forever 
Only thing I get from random numbers are debt collectors looking for a woman named lequanda (sp?). My name is Mike.
Is the dog wearing pants? A wet suit?
Wow. Stunning. I work with animals for a living, used to be a veterinarian. I've actually heard of this before. The bond between a dog and a macaw can grow very intense. Macaws are in fact the only species of bird capable of forming social bonds. This is credited to their evolutionary history.
I would totally watch be movie this is a poster for. 


Hawaii
I hope you sent something good back!
I hope you replied saying "thanks for the gold, kind stranger!"
To battle my Noble steed
Just admit it OP you took this photo. I mean c'mon how gullible do you think we are?
What did you say?
Obviously that's from Mardi Grass and the dog did some shameful things... 
r/partyparrot 
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
Still a better love story than Twilight

(is that meme still a thing?)
“I don’t know who you are, but send me mor pictures like this”
You should save that number
I wish to subscribe to BirdOnDog Facts.

Wasn't a 561 area code was it?

I seriously know someone with a macaw & a rottie that practically lives at the beach, haha 
My dad has [this asshole](https://i.imgur.com/kvvxTJI.jpg) and a dog as well and for a moment I thought this might have been my dad's bird.
Today on things that didn't happen
Everyone should start texting this picture to random numbers. We shall start a movement.
r/thathappened
r/thathappened
“I don’t believe you.”
"wrong number...but feel free to send more pics of your doggo"
/r/thatHappened
House hippo trying to become an actual hippo
My money's on Bob Ross from Cuba or wherever the help Tupac is hiding. It's also a painting not a picture.
That dog has wings. PHOTOSHOPPED.
“Wrong number.” 

They were so proud of this pic that they just started sending it to random numbers. 


If you haven't responded, respond with a link to this post.
Give them my number. 
Oh, it was the right number. They just didn't realize it. 
I'm tempted to save that to my phone and text it to a completely random made-up number.
That's not the wrong number, that's destiny

Edit word.
Jaysus that bird's ruff
There is no wrong number when this is the subject. 
 Let's all save this picture and send it to random numbers and wait for the day one of us recieves it from another.
Can we all get randomly sent pics like this
Reply with, "im interested"
I would be responsible for extensive medical bills if I tried this with my dog and my mother's parrot. They would all be for my dog.

Edit: spelling.
Wow. That's awesome. My wrong numbers have consisted of texts about how heavy a package was & a Mona issue should work itself out. Did you reply? 
[Master Blaster!](http://madmax.wikia.com/wiki/Master_Blaster)
Now send them a picture back!
I can assure you that was no accident. The universe sent you beauty today
Better than the dumb ones I get. Got a random text at 2am saying "Help! Moose's tit is purple! What do I do" so I replied "I think you got the wrong number but you should get it checked out"
Well now I know you received it. You have time to post it on Reddit but not text me back?
Seems like all the biggest dogs get Lei'd while on vacation. This one by a red headed bird, no less. 
You should forward it to a random number and see if it ends up back here
He's on holiday. Why not wander along the ocean's edge with a macaw on your back?
r/thathappened
r/thatHappend
I’ll take “Shit that didn’t happen” for 100 updoots
r/thathappened
r/thathappened 
Best wrong number ever.
probably the pacific because of the lei and tropical bird maybe like a samoan island or that island from lost? 
Bird dog.
You say wrong, I say alright alright alright
"I couldn't think of a good title but here's a parrot on a dog"

nice pic though 
The dog is also standing on a fish
Yes.

Just yes.
Well it's not a catfish
Hm is that a mastiff? 
That dog is huge 
That’s a big damn dog!!!
This would be my new best friend!! 😊
Lol opposites attract I guess. 
That was me.
I think you'll find that every number is the right number to send this to.
Those are the best mistakes!
Unknown people send me pictures and videos from time to time. I'm smart enough not to open them and immediately block those fuckers. Why don't people learn this? Curiosity really is deadly ya know.
Or maybe they dont have any friends so they just text it to random 10 digits and hope for a response of some kind
I think you mean they had the right number...who doesn’t want people to send them this?
And now you're besties.
Lools like the right number to me!
Did you at least send a link to the post?
New phone. Who’s a pretty boy and who’s a good boy?
Wow! Bright red brightens it all up!
You should make friends with them. Whoever took this picture is awesome. 
Just dropped in to say I read the OP's name as Beat off.
Fucking lysdexia.
Wow, that dog had one big pecker on him!
I took off for a weekend last month just tryin to recall the whole year..
All of the feces and all of the species..wondering where they all disappear..
I am satisfied now.
This picture really reminds me of Ark: Survival Evolved 
Bob's bird! Bob's bird!
I hope the sender of the photo is a redditor.
a true hippo
That parrot kind of reminds me of German politician and candidate for chancellor Martin Schulz, if anybody happens to recognize 
I want an island "pen" pal
You better text them back and tell them they made it to the front of Reddit 
Easily top 2 best pictures out there!
I wonder if they're havin fun as the beach as this thread is having trying to guess what they're doing because this is great
one time i got a text from a number i didn't know. the message was something like "hey what color shirts are we wearing tomorrow?"

i replied back "green"

never got an update on how that went, sadly.
oh my gosh amazing 
Right, I’m going to save this pic and send it to 10 random numbers.
Omg i love that little bird! And that dog looks so big and its all quite 
A: “Oops sorry, wrong number”

B: “Nope, this is definitely the right number” 
r/PartyParrot
Another day in Paradise.
I wish people would send me random pics. I mean I would probably just respond with something really inappropriate but still
Look matey, I know a dead parrot when I see one and I'm looking at one right now
This just won the internet, why does this sub always have such gold
I wanna know how much that damn bird weighs. So fat!!
Text them and ask how much that bird weighs and if he has diabetes
That dog is a BEEFCAKE
Better than the NSFW pic text I got from a wrong number a few weeks ago.  
I keep getting text messages from someone I don't know but I haven't said anything because they're giving me their grandma's secret recipes. 
You should x-post this to r/partyparrot
I love macaws 
Lmao text them and tell them it blew up! Lmao
I want to believe! 
Fishing buddies 
I can't wait for this this post to reappear, solved, in a couple days at r/bestoff
Now you send it to a random number
If no one claims it - IT’S MINE!!!
That’s so cute lol
Looks like Molokai Hawaii with Maui in the background.  Weather has been like that in Maui for a week.  Also local boys love their pit bulls
I love how different animals can become best of friends.
Probably hawaii purely because of the Lei. 
I can't decide if it's a normal dog with a parrot or a pirate dog minus a boat.
Dis my wallpaper now. Thanks
That was meant for you since the beggining of time.
Obviously someone living their best life. If not them, at least the animals are.
And you haven't become best friends with this person yet, why?
It was the right number
When I was growing up in the 80's a wrong number could lead to a new girlfriend. Today, who knows...
That's when you dont tell em its the wrong number. How do you even come up with that shot
Bird is the greeter for the dog visiting birds island.
looks like hawai'i
Who run Bartertown?! 
What was your reply?
Damnit all my karma is gone because I sent it to a wrong number!
May we all be so lucky.
The real question is what did you send back
There has to be a perfectly logical explanation for this .
Is the dog wearing pants?
That's not a wrong number, thats an invitation to friendship.
He probably received the image from another unknown person... "spread the word, traveler" .
If you’re a bird, I’m a bird 
Reddit has made my cynical of your backstory. I believe you, but I did question it for a moment.
What kind of dog is that?
Haha too cute to ignore i agree
Be sure to screenshot them a pic of this post and all the love!
Thad not a wrong number that’s THE number to have 
Hahahahahaha this is funny
Fuck it's gotta suck to be a bird with your wings clipped. I imagine that's like being a human with your butthole plugged.
"*the best pirate I've ever seen*"
Damn, dat bitch got lei’d at the beach?!!
Sooo much better than a rando dick pic!
“Thank you, kind stranger..”
Wow
Dreambot 
Creed, your teeth called, your breath stinks. Boom. Roasted
Seems like a cute way to watch your expensive exotic pet fly away
You're right, it should've been sent to me
So when's the wedding?
You need to become friends, this person has the kind of life we all dream of. 
It’s sad to say, but that pair of animals probably just had a better vacation than I’ve taken in my adult life. I still loved the photo OP.
Why can't I get these kinds of wrong number pics?! All I get are dick pics. 
my dog would have been dead if that bird was on him

. X b, x x
How did you respond?
At least it wasn't an unsolicited nude pic that you couldn't unsee

Edit: nobody cares, but changed was to wasn't
Amazing you shared it. Now we all know that there is a parrot that can rule with the dogs. 
Someone please  explain the giant rubberbands on the dog.
Gold
Seems like any number was the right one to me.. 
What did u say to them?
I had this happen to me with a picture of someone’s kid in a group text of phone numbers that weren’t even my area code. 
It's all fun and games till someone steps on a sea urchin.
Because they sent it to you, I got to see it. Seems like they had the right number  
Is that a dog?? It's huge!
My mom got sexted by a fat lady who had the wrong number one time
[[Reremomoveveded]]
Maybe it wasn't wrong number. But rather a fellow redditer running an experiment to see if it would reach front page.
.
I'm cool with that..(slipping that w/pic into permanent memory )
Sounds like they had the right number if you ask me haha
I thought that was a horse in the thumbnail
One time, some random person left me a voicemail asking me how I've been doing and if I want to go blaze a few joints with him. 
The dog really needs to be wearing little boots.
My Squaker...he always trusted Bella...RIP Bella-Key West-1997..Squaker was my neighbor parrot...he loved sitting on Bella while she wadded in the water
All ever get are random dick pics , I'll post on the appropriate sub.
Is that a rhino?
>The cat said he was going to buy a boat. It’s been a week, Bird Friend, I’m not sure he’s coming. 
How do so many people not store contact details in phones? I'm calling shenanigans
Thank you so much for sharing this peaceful picture.  I will use this image to meditate. 💟💟💟💟
When the tide rises, but lookout still has a job to do with his best pal
Did you ask for context? Or what the animals names are? Anything?
Cute. But I am more interested in the water.
Admitting to Karma Fraud!!!
Now, forward that pic to another random number.
Hippo!

A parrot asks a dog to carry it across a river. The dog hesitates, afraid of being bitten, but the parrot argues that if it did so, they would both drown. Considering this, the dog agrees, but midway across the river the parrot does indeed bite the dog. When the dog asks the parrot why, the parrot replies that it was in its nature to do so and flies off thinking "Foolish dog!" and looks for his next victim.
Sounds like they had the right number
That's a gift right there!
Whats with animals riding one another. I just saw a weasel on top of a woodpecker flying a few scrolls ago
r/thathappened
Maybe they just like the picture so much, that they're sending it to random numbers.
Bird dog
This would make a good pixar movie
Adorable!!! I feel as though I'm at the beach as I type this
Isn't this copyright infringement?
That is majestic af
Username checks out.
One of them. 
"we friends now" 
Yeeaaaaahhhh. Nice story OP. What’s their names?
Who runs Barker Town? Master Blaster runs Barker Town...

Sometimes art inspires life.
And you stole all this sweet karma from them? you monster
LMFAO THIS IS THE BEST 
Freak the Mighty?
Karma comes in mysterious ways
Unusual animal friends are the best 
Wow!
Seems like they are living life the right way!
 Lol at least the dog got Lei'd..... by a red headed bird. More then most people get on vacation.
This pirate dog is awesome. 
I thought it was a painting.
Maybe they're just sending it to every number...
It's not a wrong number, they're just sharing this with the world. As is proper.
Is that a walrus dog?
So... the doggo is a pirate?
That feeling when karma is delivered to you.
Why don’t people that send this type of stuff get the wrong number and text me? All I get is “good deals” for Peggy....
Bird dogging it I see.
[the opposite of this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/Damnthatsinteresting/comments/80fdgr/weasel_riding_a_woodpecker/?st=JE50TNWK&sh=69db1356) 
The lighthouse at East Point, Prince Edward Island in Canada had a bird that looked just like that, and the beach could plausibly be in PEI.
Not a wrong number at all! Good job photographer person! 
Make a new lifelong friend or you're wrong. 
Lies
Priceless! I love to see animals of two species getting along.
Cue Lionel Richie: “Hellooooo, is it me you’re lookin forrrr?”
This was no accident.
Lucky, getting cute & funny dog photos. I once got a dick pic from an unknown number, blergh. 
We need to start texting this image to random phone numbers. We need to make this a thing.
Now we are good friends
heart melting

[deleted]
The last time I got a wrong number photo it was cake with condoms on it. This is so much better 
I actually just screen shotted this and sent it to a random number.  I hope the trend catches fire 🔥 and it get it back from an unknown number.
you were MEANT to receive that picture. 
I'm sort of disappointed that there isn't a "ooh that was me" comment on this post
Worth it.
I got wrong-number-texted a picture once before as well.

It was two tigers in a cage, the person was like within 5 feet of the cage.

I HAD SO MANY QUESTIONS AND THEY NEVER TEXTED BACK! I probably still have the picture lying around somewhere, I refuse to delete it!
r/happyaccidents
r/nocontextpics
Like a turtle climbing out of a briefcase.
What’s wrong with that dogs neck?
Become friends with that person 
Homeward Bound got another sequel
Ok that's just aww-some. ;)
#newvacationgoals take awesome photos and send to random strangers. You may be a day maker.. 🤪
How many great pictures will be forever lost in cyberspace because they sent it to the wrong number...?
r/thathappened
R/thathappened 
I'm gonna go send this to a wrong number on purpose
This type of thing seems common on social media, how come I never get a photo (funny or not) that's not meant for me?
Right?  I was always the geeky one... it was good for me to see things from the other side.
Nah they didn't but it's a nice picture 
At first glance I thought the dog was wearing brown pants. A closer look and it was just the refelection of the water and the dogs skin that created an illusion. I could be the only one though. Lol
Mahalo
Did you text them back?
I sent my daughter my ugliest-yet "ugly face" picture because it pisses her off. I sent the picture to the wrong number. Oops. The receiver kindly made me aware of my mistake. Now, I live in fear that I will someday see my ugliest face posted on the internet with a title that starts with, "someone had the wrong number ..."
Hi is this the number for reddit? I have something you might find interesting... 
Creed, your parents look younger than you.
Boom. Roasted.
Seeing this picture with out a caption I didn’t assume that pup had a human. I imagined that the pup had a human friend at one point in his life that was an influential character in his younger years. The friend wore a floral lei so the pup wears one in honor and in remembrance of him. But their friendship was torn by space and time. The pup needed a new companion to continue the journey of life with. The call for plutonic love was met by the unsuspected parrot who indeed had a venturous history of his own. The pair has travelled far and wide on a pilgrimage of the soul. They decided to settle down in a small coastal village in Mexico at least until they plan their next adventure. But for now this undualy duo is enjoying the smaller things in a still life. 
All the little rocks under the doggo’s feet make sense too. 
Today on things that didn't happen
Maybe it wasn't wrong number. But rather a fellow redditer running an experiment to see if it would reach front page.
Now send them a picture back!
This 8s an old post, I know, and I know this will sound kind of like a circlejerk, but eh, why not.

1000th comment, 
This is perfect in so many ways
This is fabulous! 
/r/thathappened
T H I C C B O Y E
No question of whether it is unethical to post someone else's pictures online when you know you shouldn't have them in the first place? No? 
Did you have permission to show it to the whole internet?
r/thathappened 
Yeah ok sure thing I totally believe this
r/thatHappened
Came here to see how many times this has been reposted over the years. Reddit seems to think this one's legit so far, g/j OP!
It’s crooked. 
r/thathappened
nice, you stole the random person's sweet karma, what a NICE person you are
Is that a hippo? 
I always upvote birb
_Does your dog bite_?
the florida keys, kinda tropical but not that beautiful, breed of dog all the ignorant rednecks love despite eating their children, coral looks like its had a chemical bath...
Thought that doggo had a wet suit on!
