This goes against everything I was taught as a child.
Poor Herbie, going from barking at potential threats to barking at assholes who don’t give him a treat. 
IF ANYONE SEES HERBIE OUTSIDE TODAY GIVE HIM A TREAT FROM ME 
Herbie barks. Herbie gets treat. Herbie learns that barking earns treat. 
*homeless person steals the bag of treats*
Yeah, that's not at all how it works. If the dog is barking like crazy in an aggressive manner, and it's given a treat, you've just rewarded that behavior.
"Thaks!"
-"You're WELKOME"
Won't this teach the dog to harass everyone who passes by, begging for a treat? 
The trick is that the owner actually has a bigger and meaner guard dog on the inside to foil burglars who think Herbie is the only security. 
Wouldn't that actually just train Herbie to "bark until treat"
Hmm inviting strangers to stick their hand through a gate into a protective dog. How many law suites do they want?
Sorry if this isn't /r/aww appropriate, but I just don't trust other people enough to be encouraging them to feed my dog like this. One punk kid who thinks poisoning the treats would be "funny" is all it takes.
Herbie will now let people rob your house for treats. 
Probably just my paranoia, but I wouldn't even consider doing that, in case a) someone makes friends with the dog and steals him, or b) someone gives him something dangerous instead of the treats, either by accident or on purpose.  

Our boy loves meeting people, and we're pleased he's grown up with good doggy manners and charms everyone, and he behaves really gently when children want to give him his treats and make a fuss of him. But he's our world and taking chances with his wellbeing isn't something we do.

Yes, probably a pretty low chance, but not one I'd take.  

But I'm also really glad for people who are well grounded and know their area and environment well enough to be able to do this.  
“Please rob my house”
Yeah...this is a terrible idea in more ways than one. 
THAKS
lol Thak
Thaks 
Not trying to be mean but my friend had two of his dogs die because someone poisoned them. Unless you live in goodswillvile, maybe the dog is in danger
And that's how your dog gets dognapped.
Kids'd probably give him the whole thing, leading to diarrhea. 

There is a TIFU waiting to happen. 
THIAKS
Repost
Good intentions but there is also the risk of making your dog too friendly. Burglars a few years ago were able to come onto our property and steal valuables including our German Shepard because we thought him to be sociable towards everyone. He was recovered the next day but it could have been a true tragedy 
Cute but not a very good way to keep you or your dog safe. 
That’s actually a really bad idea to teach dogs to eat food from strangers 
Hey Robber, give my dog a treat first and he'll let you right in. 
Good way to get your dog poisoned or stolen, especially with how brazen people are about stealing dogs out of yards these days.
aka: trying to teach my dog that burglars aren't a threat
Herbie bites kids finger off, this reddit post becomes evidence in the future court case. Slam dunk for the prosecution, Herbie goes to the vet and never comes home.
I misread that title and felt special
House Robber: where is this house? I'd like to give ol herbie a treat.
This is a really dumb idea for 2 reasons:
1. It's training the dog to associate treats with barking. It's rewarding bad behaviour.
2. This is just an open invitation for something bad to happen to your dog. You're making it incredibly easy for some psychopath to slip something harmful to your dog or into the bag. It's also training the dog to be overly comfortable with strangers, and training it to be un-reactive to anybody coming onto your property.
Overall this is just a really stupid idea and I don't recommend anyone else trying it :/
Herbie writes really well! He misspelled “thanks” though.
Good way to get your dog kidnapped or your house broken into.
How to get robbed 101
I'd be very concerned about strangers poisoning my dog.
Plot twist: Herbie is actually the Volkswagen Beetle just out of view from this pic.
Wouldn't this just train your dog to bark at strangers for treats? 
Like I gotta get to work, but I gotta keep giving herbie treats... Decisions decisions.  

I'll just call in sick.
He has to smell those sonsabitches all day
This post makes me uneasy  because in the country I grew up in, dogs got (and still get) poisoned by strangers throwing tainted treats over the fence... It is super sad.
This seems like a fantastic way to get your dog poisoned. 
This sounds like a disaster in so many ways. I sure as hell wouldn't trust a stranger with my dog's health 
What if someone puts something in there that's poisoned ? I know this sounds really pessimistic, but people can be scum. 
Do you want your dog to get poisoned? Cause this is how you get your dog poisoned
As he destroys your hand when put it though the gate...





with kisses for giving him delicious doggo treats.
And that my friends, is how you feed your dog for free.
Fucking karma whores
/r/theft ‘s wet dream 
This will work well for the burglars..
All fun and games until someone breaks in and the dog doesn't bark at all
Now he's going to expect every stranger to magically have a treat ready for him.
Not to be dramatic or anything, but I would fucking die for Herbie if that means he gets all the treats in the world 
That's not a good idea. Shouldn't teach your dog to take food from strangers. Many dogs get poisoned like that. Know from experience :(
It really annoys me to think that while this person is using others' kindness to help teach their dog to be kind, some skewed-thinking asshole could be considering this as an easier house to target for things like robbery.
When I was a kid I heard about thieves giving dogs poisoned treats so they can rob the house. You must live in an extremely safe environment to want to condition your dog to go against his true instincts like that.
 
Careful, Herbie will learn that any treat from strangers is good to eat and there's twisted people out there that would poison dogs/ give them treats with other harmful things in them
That treat bag looks... *fully loaded*
I just wouldn’t teach my dog to accept food from strangers. That’s how your dog will get baited. We had a few baitings in my town last year and I’m still terrified and check the yard every day. 
Do you want home invaders?  Cause this is how you get home invaders.
that dog's got great handwriting .

You and Herbie must live in quite a utopian society 
I thought this was a headstone from the thumbnail picture...
Yeah, idunno if you live if a dream world or not but teaching your dog to take treats from strangers is how you end up with a sicko killing your or kidnapping and torturing your dog. 
DON'T TAKE TREATS FROM STRANGERS!!!!!!
To prove Herbie right someone should tease him with the treats and eat all of it
 It what happens if someone breaks into your house? What good is the dog going to do, he’s going to think “this bad person is gonna give me a treat!” Instead of “bad person entering without permission, red alert, seek and bite asap”
Bark at strangers = positive reinforcement in the form of treats

You'll be encouraging Herbie to bark more.
Just an FYI:  A barking dog isn't always barking because they feel threatened.  Many times, it's just vocalizing excitement.  I've had many dogs that run around barking like crazy just because they're so excited to see someone, including me.   

The dogs you really need to be wary of are the ones that just stand and stare without moving.  They'll typically start barking like mad once you get close.  That's usually an aggressive behavior. 
I would be afraid of a lawsuit. People sue for anything these days. 
He’s going to learn barking at strangers = treats 
Read as "...passers by are not a treat." Very confused.
Cockapoo?

Looks just like mine.

I would not desire to train my dog to take anything to eat from strangers.

"Until the threat passes by" rated awww
I'm guessing they  have another dog that has the job of being the alarm guard dog. Or that neighborhood is pretty safe.
On the one hand, that is a terrific idea so as to realize people are not a threat to him.

Then on the other hand, with people giving him treats, would he still be protective of the property and to you & your family?
thought they named their dog ‘Herpie’ for a second there
Any chance of that dog being a guard dog flew out the window also, beautiful dog.
I’d give him a treat and promptly forget why I was passing by and pet Herbs for the rest of the afternoon!  
Spelled “thanks” wrong
Herbie now weighs 200 lbs and still barks at people 
Kind of a cool idea, but I worry that some asshole who hates dogs is going to give Herbie poison.
This is old as hell, reverse Google search shows it's been around since 2015.
Works great with kids too.
My dog always barked to my neighbour because she didn't like her, so she started giving her treat to show her she's not a threat.

Now my dog barks to ALL my neighbours demanding treats
Herbie in 2 months: Oh hello stranger. No. No one is home. Wanna see where they keep the jewelry? Snack first!??
Does this work? My dog barks at male dogs passing by.
Now every time he sees a person, he is going to bark to get a treat.
Passers by - the plural form of pedestrian.
>As the home owner is violently raped and robbed...

Dog: nah it’s cool, he gave me a treat.
And here I taught mine not to take food offered by strangers.  

Anyway, the owner may have better luck sitting out there with the dog sometime when they're free.  When the dog barks at a person passing by, tell the dog, "No" in a stern manner.  When he doesn't bark and a person does pass by, give him a treat and tell him he did good.  
I don't think training your dog to expect treats from strangers is a very bright idea
Thaks!
Herbie: Fully Bloated
It says thiaks wtf
This is how you get a dead dog.

Either from biting a passerby who sticks their hand through your gate, or that crotchety neighborhood guy putting rat bait in the treat bag.
THIAKS
Place will be robbed within a month. 
What a great way to train your dog to *not* do its job.
Defeats the purpose of having a dog...
Inb4 someone breaks into the house and Herbie just sits there and begs for a snack
"Trying to teach my dog -Herbie- how to farm karma for me. If you see him outside, upvote for me. Thanks! :)"
That's as suburb as it gets
You're teaching your dog to take food from strangers, that's really unwise. You're also teaching your dog to ignore potential intruders, this is also very unwise. 
people are far too trusting these days
thaks :)
I am not comfortable with strangers feeding my dog let alone out of my sight. 
/u/macronicro
Cool and all, but it just takes 1 person to abuse this.

1 person to drop something harmful to the dog in the bag and then a person who has no idea picks it up and gives it to the dog without any idea of what he just gave it.

Idk...
“Trying to condition my dog to be passive with strangers so when there is an intruder in my home they’ll just lick their faces instead of alerting me that they are in the house.”
THAKS :)
Headline: House burglarized without notice from owner’s dog as it was busy eating treats. 
How to condition your dog to not be alarmed by a home invasion 101
Just wait till your house gets broken into and he just runs up to the guy and licks his face.
Let's say that this ends up working. Then whenever a shady guy sneaks into the house would the dog think he's going to get a treat and won't bark??
Anyone notice that it says “thaks” not “thanks”
Thaks! :)
I thought the treats were chocolate for a second and I thought that is no way to show that strangers are friendly.
Those treats look a lot like chocolate, suspicious.
I just got a puppy and from Ive read it seems like giving him a treat when jumping up to the gate would enforce the jumping, so that may be a caveat to think about 
Also known as "how to teach a dog to be rewarded for barking and being aggressive to passers-by"
Bad idea!

Wait what about the one time it is a threat though you not going to have any warning
You trying to tell me that all i had to do to make sure a bunch of strangers gave me candy as a child was to bark at them? I could do that.. I would do that.. for candy..
Please rob me
Ya I'm not putting my hand in front of a dog I don't know with food in my hand. 
Is thanks spelled incorrectly or am I looking at it wrong
I will buy him all of the treats in the world!!! 😍😍😍
I just don't trust strangers enough to do this. 
This post is very unsettling since my brothers name is herbie and it’s very uncommon  
Why would you not want your dog to bark at strangers potentially coming into your yard or even house? 
Robber 1: there's a dog in that yard!

Robber 2: hmb... they provided treats. 
This is a great idea my wee pupper has the same problem he barks and gets really worked up when someone just walks past the window but I just don't trust the people in my town not to do anything cruel :(
What kind of dog is he, I would like one.
Sorry Herbie, I'm eating these.
What happens when a thief feeds your dog and steals your stuff though?
Well, did you do it?
This made me smile. Thank you so much!
I'm not sure if this is a good idea...there are lots of bad people out there. My dog was poisoned when I was 14. (I think it was our asshole neighbor, but who knows...)
deleted
I did this for my gerbil but I didn’t get any response.
THAKS :)
This is also bad tho, because some people are evil and will try to poison dogs just for the fuck of it. It’s best to teach your dog to NOT take treats from strangers so he won’t possibly get poisoned 
well this is how you teach your dog to let in the robbers
Great, now he thinks everyone who walks by owes him a treat.
Is Herbie going to start barking at people now because they *didn't* give him a treat?

<"HEY!  HEY!  WHERE'S MY TREAT, CATFUCKER?">^^^^^1

&nbsp;

1: Translated from Doggish.
Herbie gone be fat
well if you ever wanted a dog that would open the door for robbers and not be a threat to criminals...this is a hell of a way to do it.

Also great way to get someone's lawyer calling you and animal control when they get a finger bit by accident and want to make a quick buck off you.
As great as this idea may seem, it's extremely counter intuitive. I'm certified by the APDT and focus on dog psychology and behavior, and the first and foremost important thing to remember is that dogs are not humans and their psychology is completely different. Something that works one way in the human world can have a drastic difference in the minds of dogs.

I can go on for days as of why I would not recommend the method displayed in OP's picture, but I'll try to keep it short. I once worked with a 7 year old German Shepard named Daisy. Daisy had two bad habits; she would bark at the door when someone would stand outside/attempt to enter, and she was also terrified of fireworks. As humans, when we see that someone we care about is afraid of something, we tend to nurture them and tell them that "it's all going to be alright," etc. People do the exact same thing with their dogs when they seem scared or startled; they pet them and nurture them. The problem with this is the fact that what you're actually doing, despite of your good intentions, is encouraging their fear. Petting a dog is a form of encouragement and by petting them or nurturing them when their minds are in a scared state, you're actually feeding into the issue rather than helping it.

Now, back to Herbie. If Herbie has a fear of bypassers, then having them reward her state of mind is not what you'd want to do. You have to make sure (this is really important!) that you reward the right state of mind. Dogs live in the now; not yesterday or tomorrow. You have to make sure you can comprehend what state of mind your dog is in before you start rewarding them with treats.

Those are just my two cents...
This is completely stupid. Good way to get your dog poisoned. Shouldn't you teach your dog NOT to take food from people he doesn't know? Also, wouldn't this just be a reward for barking? :/
Yeah and then he won’t protect you in case of a real threat/break in 
Please have a bag of treats to make it easier to steal my dog. I’ll throw in his name to make it even easier. 
So bad owner teaches bad dog nothing. Great, we need more of those in the wild.
You shouldn’t leave a dog outside by itself. Generally, strangers are typically harmless. However there are kids who do stupid things. As well as malicious people looking to harm dogs. Here in Chicago, my family and I never leave our dogs outside unatteneded. There are constant reports of dogs being napped from their yard and either sold, bred for dog fighting, or killed. 

Bottom line, don’t leave your dog outside and encourage strangers to approach them. This type of training is at the very least questionable. 
is that chocolate?
There goes your security system...
Train your own dog. 
[deleted]
He's such a love bug!
THAKS!
Training your dog to not react to burglars. 
AKA how to get your dog shot.
Sounds like a good way to get robbed lol
This goes against any logic
And that's how you get robbed.
This is stupid and an awful way to train your dog.
The owner probably means well but I think this is really negligent, what's stopping someone from being malicious and spiking a dog treat with rat poison.
What a perfect way for burglar to disarm your alarm.
"if you're a burglar, give him a treat, and welcome yourself to anything in the house!"
Looks like an invite for fowl play
How to get your house robbed? Maybe? Or get accidentally "bit" (i.e. not really bit) and get sued by some nut.
This is a quick way to get your dog poisoned. My dogs will NOT accept food from anyone but me. 
Curiosity got the best of me so I looked it up.

"A passerby is literally someone who passes by something. Usually it is referenced to people who are walking outside of a store as they go on to somewhere else. This term does not require the use of a hyphen.

The correct plural is passersby."

http://grammarist.com/spelling/passerbys-or-passersby/
“Rob my house. This dog loves strangers”
Awww! I would give him one if I could!
Wait, now he's just going to be super excite when passersby pass by. 
Is that a cockapoo?
I would eat them all myself ha ha Ha
I think this is just an elaborate plan by Herbie to get treats 
1) Fuck your barking dog. 

"Oh he won't bite" 

*Gets bitten*


2) This is a brilliant way to get random strangers to condition you a nice alarm system. Good work. 
Is a trap... doggi is hungry and wants to bite people’s fingers 
In my neighborhood someone would steal the treats and leave the bag in my yard. 
OP used the correct spelling of passersby. Well, almost...
There's only one thing two dog trainers can agree on...
... What the third one is doing wrong. 
THAKS!
I’m satisfied by the proper usage of “passers by.”
THAKS!
Did this work?
THIAKS ッ
Totes magotz adorbs
“THAKS”
As soon as I saw the name Herbie, i knew it was gonna be a mustache dog
THIAKS
THAKS!
THAKS
Goldendoodle?
This is how u get your couch stolen
THAKS :)
THIAKS :)
 ..
Sure, and risk having my hand bitten off. "Goddamnit Herbie"
I’ve seen no comment about how it says “thaks”

Edit: words
What breed is he? And where can I get one 
Aw man, I got excited because I thought this was for me
I want to live in that neighborhood.
I think it's working
My dog really needs this. He freaks out just walking down the hall and seeing someone walk too fast.
I saw Herbie Hancock in concert last night.
Great way to make your dog fat and not stop him from barking at everyone
The dog definitely wrote this 
This can come from the heart of the owner.
+1 for using proper plural form of passerby
Hey! I have a Herbie too!
That’s a bold move Cotton, let’s see if it pays off for him. 
If he gets too many he will be Herbie Fully Loaded.
Spelled “thanks” wrong
I thought that was chocolate for a moment
Most of that will be eaten by squirrels and birds and the owned will conclude that Herbie is simply a dick and nothing can be done about it.
THAKS
i think he knows the treats are there...
THIAKS
What a great fucking idea
Ever heard about this chap named Pavlov?
What a sweet deal.
Screw you herbie, these are my treats now
Someone is gonna break in and “Herbie” will be watching and wagging his tail. 🙅🏼‍♂️
Is that a soft coated wheaten terrier? 
Lol just reinforcement of the barking....
Cute Herbie
Dog likes to bite. Let's have strangers train the dog! What could possibly go wrong?!
Terrible idea on every level. 
Goodbye guard dog hello best friend. where does your master keep the key? I must burglarize your home. don't tell anyone
I thought it was a pack of cheese
That poor family never heard the burglar coming
Looks like a clear cut case for upcoming lawsuit when the dog bites you. 
This is cute as fuck
Herbie: Fully Loaded
Would not do this in Australia with recent spate of wankers poisoning dogs. E.g. multiple fish hooks in sausage or meat, rat poison in food thrown into backyard. 
Plot twist home invaders' new tactics.
If burglars come, Herbie is going to be so confused. 
thaks for the snaks 
I want to train my dog to sleep all the time, but the stubborn girl won't eat treats until she wakes up 😧
Oh, sure!  
I'd totally hand-feed a dog that apparently has not yet learned that passersby are not a threat.
I appreciate the intention, but passerbys ARE a threat. So many dogs are stolen every day. 
Thaks
THAKS
herb-ayyyyy
Pavlotic logic here, YMMV.

:)
Wait til a burglar takes advantage of this system 
This is how you get robbed. Lol.
Poor herbie, hope you find less moronic owners.
Exactly the same as my dog 
Herbies about to be fully loaded...with treats!I'll  let myself out.
This was great until I realized they spelled thanks “thaks!”  
>THAKS
Seems like somebody read the book “the goal”. 
Did it work?!
THAKS! :) 
Wouldn't giving him a treat for barking at strangers just encourage him to bark more? Lol
This is how you teach a dog to go from barking at potential prowlers, to befriending them. Though not everyone needs a watch dog. 
Everyone passing by is a threat. 
Shouldn't a dog back at people though who are trying to enter your property without your consent?
I thought this was poop in a bag
That looks like chocolate. Maybe the owners are trying to kill the dog, but all other attempts have failed. They have turned to strangers to unwittingly poison poor Herbie, and to take his blood off of their own hands.
Oh look another Doodle 
Im not sure if thats a good idea. Im no expert, but I can see several bad habit and / or situation coming from that. 

The first one that comes to mind is the dog is going to understand that barking at strangers will earn him rewards.  And so he might take the habit of, not only, forever barking in his yard, but also barking at strangers outside ( on walks , for exemple ) in order to get treats. 


Im curious to know what was the actual result of this experimentation though. 
Aw is Herbie a bijon poodle?
Hows he ment to get the treat then?
Interesting Idea. 
Please tell me there isn’t squares of chocolate in the bag
 and now Herbie has the diabeetus. 
where's Herbie at that's my dog
This seems like a horrible idea
Lazy and dangerous.
Your classical conditioning experiment won't go as you expect, whenever he sees a passerby, he is going to be looking for treats
That looks like a bag of chocolate...
Lame, and totally a leftist millennial thing to do. You WANT your dog to bark and growl when strangers come around, you dangus. 
I know everyone is pointing out training applications and I get it, but I think it’s cute and would love to give Herbie some good boy noms!!
is that... chocolate?!
Now, I trust Herbie with my life already, however, I feel if I encountered a random sign and potentially barking dog like this, I would not attempt to give it treats.
From a liability standpoint, this is insane. Encouraging unsupervised interaction with a pet that is obviously not trained and had issues with strangers is a recipe for a bite followed by a lawsuit. 
I'd just dump whole bag in there for him
ATTENTION THIEVES: Bring treats.
Now he barks at people who don’t give him treats..
Now hes just just gunna bark at people who DONT give him a treat 
Plot twist, some crazy neighbor put it up there with pieces of chocolate to finally get rid of the hostile dog, Herby.
[This isn’t OP’s dog](https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/3o53jx/and_now_herbie_loves_his_passers_by/?st=JEETDWJC&sh=7cafa547)
for a minute I thought those treats were chocolate
They’re gonna regret this when they get burglars and all they have to do to shut Herbie up is give him a treat 
Here herbie have a treat wile someone breaks into your house
I have spotted a dumbass
Holy hell we train out dogs the exact opposite. Dogs are an alarm where i come from 
I hear this picture is two years old - can somebody who lives nearby go and investigate the situation? Is Herbie still there? Does he need a treat? And most importantly is he a good boy? (Yes)
"Please reward my dog for barking"
I would be hella weak if someone waking by with their dog takes a treat and gives it to their own dog.
Difference between a treat and a threat is a H(erbie)abit
Why isn’t “THIAKS!” the top comment?
Uh oh...

Someone is getting robbed soon
The following day a swarm of rapists descended on the house 
What happens liability-wise if cute little Herbie bites someone’s fingers?
Is that chocolate in the bag? Does he want strangers to feed his dog chocolate?!
Isn't this going to reinforce Herbie's annoying barking at people because now he gets treats if he does it?
“Zoinks look Scoob, free food!”
won't this reinforce barking until you get a treat?

That looks like chocolate in the bag but isn't it bad for dogs?
Bernie is going to go up to an intruder and wait for a treat now instead of protec 
I suppose that's not chocolate
But wouldn’t strangers giving him treats will now make him like strangers and want to keep going out?
Looks like you're feeding Herbie chocolates
Thaks
Welp. It'll reward him for barking at strangers. Treats should appear when he's being friendly, quite, or generally ignoring strangers.

source: tried this once and made the problem much worse.
cute
He looks like he already knows the game
It looks like chocolate, great way to poison dog... 
For a second there I thought someone put chocolate in the treat bin
Til this backfires and an actual threat just gives the doggo treats while you're being murdurized in your home.
That’s not how it works Herbie’s owner.  Treats are a reward. All you’re doing is enabling Herbie to bark at anyone until they receive their treat.  They can’t distinguish people, just getting the treat.  
Try some leash command training.  
Source- 3 dog owner. 
This repost is so old that I'd bet my paycheck Herbie is probably in doggy heaven by now.
Poor Herbie.

Being trained to NOT protect his domicile.  What will his job be?
"Thaks"
THAKS
Isn't this a repost?
All fun and games til there’s a threat
Any. Fucking.  Time.  
THAKS :)
How to lose your dog 101
Until someone steals all the treats and runs...
Do you want robbers? Because this is how you get robbers. 
Now if the house gets robbed, Herbie will be nicely waiting for a treat from the stranger.
Thaks! 
He looks like he's gonna fuck his owners shit right up, treat or no treat. I mean, this muther fucker is putting signs up, taking photos, all sorts of Fuckin liberties, what does he expect?
Good boy
OP = when you want a dog but don't want it to guard anything
"Thaks"
Mine would bite you while taking the treat then bite you again because you’re a bad bad passerby. But good on these people! I should’ve done this with my dog earlier on. 
Thaks
*giving chocolate*
So when somebody threatening actually tries to enter the house, the dog will just sit back and chill
Prove Herbie wrong and kidnap him. 
Honestly, I'd be worried he'd become used to eating anything strangers gave him... And over the years a few of my neighbors' dogs have been deliberately poisoned.
If I were a robber I'd give him plenty of treats.
Definitely NOT the ghetto. The goal would be quite the opposite. " if my dog is outside, please punch it". 
I thought that was chocolate at first
This can work in bad ways, you know
I get what they're hoping to accomplish here and I hope their dog learns to be friendly. But weren't dogs mainly domesticated to be protective and weary of strangers and to help us hunt? It just kind of seems like a bad idea. My dog isn't aggressive but he's very protective and barks when he sees someone get too close to the house, which I like. But I'm also aware people might think its good idea to reach over the fence and try to pet him (I know I did as a kid not having experience with dogs at the time), which is why I put up a 'beware of dog' sign and don't leave him out too long without me. I know my dog is weary and I want others to be aware so they don't get bitten. My dog is doing what he's been bred to do and I don't want him being put down for it. If you have a treat or not, my dog would try to protect the house. The treat method just seems not very well thought out.
Teaching your dog to eat things given to him by strangers is a *terrible* idea.
As an optimist, I love it. 

As a former insurance agent, I hope you’re liability is good. One little nip is all it takes. 
B.F. Skinner would be so proud of that owner
Not only is this a terrible idea for obvious reasons, but I saw this post over a year ago for sure.
I would piss in the bag
Dog sees stranger and starts barking and acting  aggressively. Barking and aggression are then rewarded with a treat, after which, the cause of the barking/aggression disappears. 

I need one of those Gordon Ramsay memes here.
theres a ton of reasons this is a bad idea   lol    
Makes me think of that scene in Lethal Weapon 3.

Stealing from that house just got easier and more difficult. 
I've had pets die by who my parents, could only assume we're my neighbors (they threatened the dog lots of times so they had the motive). But it's utterly shocking to me how many of you guys have also had pets die from poisoning and other wrong doing.
Is this like an epidemic?! 
Worst guard dog ever 
Misread this: It looked at first, give him a threat. That I would not do.
This is adorable 
Hey that’s my name!
Someone could take a treat for their own dog lol
the fuck will I do reaching through the gate. thaks, but no thaks. 
My dog was actually killed by a poisoned steak thrown into my yard.. several dogs in my neighborhood passed away as well. :(
Sorry, but this seems like a dumb thing to do. One of those passers by might actually be a threat. I wouldn’t encourage strangers to interact with my dog.
That looks like chocolate lmao
I read “please give him a threat”
That looks like chocolate.  Are they trying to get strangers to poison their dog for them?
My phone brightness was turned all the way down, and I thought there were used cigarettes in that bag. I thought people were being super rude.
Thiaks!
Thaks
>THAKS :)
So he barks at them, and they give him a treat.  This teaches the dog what exactly?
They spelled thanks wrong
He’s gonna be Fully Loaded after all those treats
This is like, the complete reverse of what you'd do with a child
I remember when this was originally posted. Cute. :)
Plot twist... Its chocolate
Last thing you want to teach your dog is to eat from strangers hand...
Responsible pet ownership: you’re doin it right!
Aaaaaand now he's  obese.....
it could also just reinforce his barking.
I dunno, I think it could work too teach him *not* to bark. My husband used to sneak out of his bedroom window in high school and the neighbor's dog would always bark at him. Until he started throwing hot dogs at the dog and then every night the dog would just be waiting quietly by the fence. 
I need to do this with my dog but if I did there would be some missing fingers and a lawsuit on my hands.
You're going to get your dog poisoned. 
Yes teach your dog to be incredibly trusting of strangers so that said stranger may steal a perfectly trained dog. No joke, it happened to someone in my neighborhood.
This is a good way to teach your dog to bark at strangers.
anyone else think this is a terrible idea? if that dog bites someone then you could be sued very easily. I am not sure on the legality of it all, but I think you might have to put it down to, depending on where you live (although this could just be a myth I was once told)
Dats cute
Your only reinforcing his barking lol 
I’d just sit outside giving him pets and treats all day. 

I can’t own a dog. It’d just end up being fat because I’d spoil it too much. 
Interesting way to spell out thanks 
Can someone with photoshop skill please remove the word dog and place a person behind the gate?
My local humane society does this to help the shelter dogs learn that the visitors are friends
Found the good boy!
How do you know they're not dangerous? 
That one jerk that takes all the treats and the sign, because why not.
This is a pretty bad idea. Now he will be willing to take treats from people who could be out to harm him because they might hate dogs, or they dislike the dog barking. 
Genius training idea!
Thaks!
Does this actually work? Contemplating doing the same thing. 
do you want your house burglarized? cuz this is how you get your house burglarized!
Ha , Almost got me
Herbie’s owner is a huge optimist.
At first I thought it was a tombstone from the thumbnail 
It's a lovely sentiment, but it's liable to backfire. I obviously have no idea what else (if anything) this owner is working on with Herbie, but I do hope it includes a lot of taking the time to train and socialize the dog in-person,.
Many dog owners should (not) follow this lesson? Anyway good doggo!


I thought that was chocolate and this was
 r/awwwtf
Wow.  This is definitely not how you break this behavior. Definitely  how you inforce it. Honestly a great Idea if you want one bad ass guard dog.  
This is really cute! But unfortunately this probably won't work. If Herbie's natural tendency is to bark at strangers, then he will continue to do so until handed a treat. Furthermore, the treat will serve as reinforcement for Herbie's barking behavior. The more this process takes place the higher the reinforcement strength will become. Unfortunately This means Herbie will now bark at strangers more :( 
Source: Took Psychology of Learning last semester. 
It’s kind of bad you’re teaching your dog to take food from strangers though.
How to get your dog easily stolen 101... Just go walk your dog and when people pet him he'll learn. Now your dog will be walking up to anyone anywhere for a treat.
Sounds good to me 👌
This is cute and all, but is he safe from assholes that may feed him too much or give him some toxic shit?
Lawsuit waiting to happen
This is a great way to get bit by that dog if he really thinks passers by are a threat.
Around here some dirtbag would poison the dog.
These are the side quests I need completed in my life 
That's an unconventional way to teach your dog by positive reinforcement. Did it work?
That picture is proof he has learned the intended lesson. 
Life pro tips
Is it me or did they spell thanks wrong? 
Thaks :)
Won't be long till Herbie is featured on a video where the burglars walk around the house and he does nothing...
Big mistake, one thing you should always teach your dog is not to take food/treats from strangers, good way to get them poisoned 
Thanks*
What happens when a legit burglar(or worse) just gives him treats and walks right into your house???
GIVE HIM ALL THE TREATS
Would hope not everyone adopts this idea. Some dogs are still extremely aggressive when you're feeding them. 
Brilliant. Intentionally training dog capable of only 1 useful function to be incapable of doing even that. Best of luck man!
well i know what house to rob. 
Well I’m quite sure that soon Herbie will be...


...*Fully Loaded!*
Is that chocolate in the bag ? Because if it is, then fuck you moron, chocolate is toxic to dogs...
"Thaks"
Would this ever work
Great until someone decides to rob you. Alarms are good but dogs f people up.
poor herbie
I know who's house I'm robbing
Your right the real threat is the person guarding the treats from Herbie
Aww that might be one of the few posts on he sub that I actually thought was really cute :)
Thiaks :)
[deleted]
I would like to here how this ends up working, plz update 
THAKS :)
I would do that in my neighborhood but, it's better if people avoid my dogs, and my yard. I live in the ghetto.
I would give him so many treats 
Herbie, "HEY, Hey you. Come over here and give me a treat"!
That's how you give a dog the scoots
Thaks!
THAKS :)
Seems like a good idea until a robber bribes ol' Herbie with a treat
Bribing Herbie to make him stop barking I like it!
Where does Herbie live?  I'm gonna rob the shit out of that place.
But what if a threat does come along. He won't do anything. 
Need some Cesar Millan up in this bitch. This is going to fuck this dog up yo.
For a minute I was thinking what assholes but the treat in the bag and not give to doggo, then I realized I am autistic and people give him those treats.
Herbie is cute and definitely deserves a treat. But you should train your dog that people aren't a threat while you are there with them so they don't do something like, oh, I don't know. Bite a stranger who put their hands through the gate (snack or not). The only one who would have it REALLY bad in that situation is Herbie :(
Do you also put “I am not real” sticker next to your ADP system warning? 😆🤪
Definitely not the right way to stay sexy and not get murdered. 
 Our mailman always has a bag of dog biscuits in  his van. Now the cat has learned to pester him when she hears him come in.
HERBIE I LOVE YOU
that looks like chocolate
> THIAKS
Looks like chocolate. Does Herbie want some chocolate?
What if a guy is robbing your house
Good ol Herb living the dream
Good way to get your house broken into. 
Is this a fictional house at a Disney lot?
looks like chocolate 🤔
labradoodle?
Please give him a treat -*THAKS*
I’d give him the whole bag, lil cutie. Herbie Fully Loaded with Treats
Thaks??
Glad to see I'm not the only one who thinks this is a bad idea. I'm all for 'trusting in the better nature of humans' if you're putting only yourself at risk, not your dogs or kids :/
THAKS THAKS THAKS THAKS THAKS THAKS THAKS THAKS THAKS THAKS THAKS THAKS THAKS THAKS THAKS THAKS THAKS THAKS THAKS THAKS THAKS THAKS THAKS THAKS THAKS THAKS THAKS THAKS THAKS THAKS THAKS THAKS THAKS THAKS THAKS THAKS 
[deleted]
Not sure if this is really an Aww moment. Call me a cynic, but this is good way to get him poisoned.
Are those treats chocolate pieces? Maybe he should bark even more.
Crook be feeding him that whole bag
THAKS
So much for having a guard dog 
You're Wecome
The burglar can now disarm the dog for free!
My dog’s name was Herbie, he died three weeks ago to cancer :(
Then the day comes where Herbie expects a treat from a threat :(
Herpes never hurt anyone 
THAKS
In my neighborhood people would just steal the treats and give them to their own dog 
Looks like it worked.
This is how herb he started his collection of fingers
Herbie is da boy
Herb i so ready
it's a trap! I lost my finger to this dog last week
This totally touched my heart...
It won't take long before that dog's fully loaded.
Now that is one cute goldendoodle... It is a Goldendoodle isn't it? I have one and it looks just like him...
I would steal the treats
Did it work?
I love them for this. It pisses me off when I’m walking through a peaceful neighborhood and some dog thinks the whole vicinity is not only under his domain, but that everyone who passes by is some daylight robber. Don’t stress me out flying toward the fence barking at me you little fucker 
**chomps on fingers and doesn't  go**
It’s from a comedy/true crime podcast. They referenced this idea of strangers giving your dog a treat when passing by. But then the dog gets used to people coming around the house and doesn’t alert you to someone intruding and murdering you. Their tag line, if you will, is “ stay sexy, and don’t get murdered” 
Herbie wont be a good guard dog in the event of a break in.
We taught our dog that anytime the front door opens he needs to bark.

I guess we live in a rough area.
Thiaks
Herbie's gonna be a good boy. 
And that is how you get your dog poisoned.
i dont think thats how its supposed to work.
What happens when someone tries to rob the place and just tosses that whole bag down
You may get robbed
not too smart imo
House has been currently burgled 3 times since note has been put up
A dog recently died in my area because a stranger put antifreeze into bread and fed it to the dog.
Lawsuit waiting to happen
That looks like chocolate in the bag but isn't it bad for dogs?
What the hell is a thiak?
Would not do this in Australia with recent spate of wankers poisoning dogs. E.g. multiple fish hooks in sausage or meat, rat poison in food thrown into backyard. 
That looks like chocolate in the bag but isn't it bad for dogs?
"Thaks"
Best way to get your dog poisoned dude. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
What if a passer by decides to take the treats and feeds the dog the treats one by one as he breaths in the house?
Today I found a bag of dog treats for my dog Captain
Yeah cute until a burgler comes around and you suddenly have no guard dog
"Trying to teach my dog that eating anything from a stranger is ok, so he has no problem gobbling up treats. Because you know, all humans are great and none want to threaten animals."
I don't know how I feel about this. There are a lot of malicious people out there. Personally I wouldn't want my dogs to take food off random people.
Wouldn’t that teach the dog that barking at people equals food
"Here's some treats while I break into your hoomans home"
You're rewarding his bad behavior, he's just gonna bark at everyone that walks by because he'll be expecting a treat.
"Hey my dog hates strangers that walk by, but you should totally put your stupid hand right in his mouth"
this might have the opposite effect where it teaches him that barking at strangers gets him treats
"If I bark at strangers, they give me treats." - Herbie, probably
