I did that with a cat!  I HATED cats, but this one cat kept showing up at my door crying for food.  I shooed him away for two weeks, and then finally broke down and bought a bag of food because he was starting to get scrawny and I found myself worried about him.  Ended up decking my patio with cat beds and stuff for him, and he "moved in" and never left.  I couldn't bring him inside as my fiance was extremely allergic but I built some pretty elaborate "rooms" for him during storms and such.  
Cat: “What kind of dog is this”
The most surprising thing about this picture is the cat letting him have the big bed.
Out of context this is r/stolendogbeds
Uh, I guess the buck stops here.  Daily.
This is fake. I’ve never seen a cat sleep in an actual cat bed 
While this is an amazing pic, the first thing that came to mind for me was deer ticks.
*Edit: a missing 'k'
Deer: "Woof"
That’s cool.

My dad found a dead deer in the ditch when I was a kid.  There were two live fawns with the dead mother.

He loaded them into the truck and brought them home.  We bottle fed them and they grew up as pets.  

We’d put dog collars on them so hunters wouldn’t shoot them when they roamed.

When they got fairly old and large, we removed the collars, and they slowly started staying away from home.  Eventually, they went back into the woods and never came back.

Pretty sure we saw them a few months later, and it was very cool.
[deleted]
I can't believe how many people believe this is your photo. I saw this on tumblr in 2012.
In most states they will kill this deer if local wildlife officials find out. Providing a bed and acclimating it to humans is like signing this deers death warrant. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/PublicFreakout/comments/5n4kd6/officers_declare_familys_beloved_pet_deer_illegal/
"They know I'm a deer, right? That I'm a wild animal?"

"I wouldn't bet on it. They keep calling us their children."

"Jesus Christ...You are kidding me?."

"Hey, man: it's three squares and a bed. Just roll with it."
Uhhhhh, I'm going to have to call bullshit. This photo is giving YEARS old and I've never seen this caption for it, so o.p. You better come up with some evidence. 
This photo is as old as time 
How sure are we that its not just Chuck Testa?
"No, I ordered a 'bunk' bed!"
Bucking adorable
What if we’re witnessing the early stages of species self-domestication?  What will deer look like in 10,000 years if they become man's next "best friend"?
Harry Potter is that you?
thats cute but make sure you check for ticks
I guess the buck really does stop here....there?
So that the "buck stops there"? :P
Am I the only one that feels like this is photoshopped?
The squad just chillin 
hoMEOWner
The name is Buck and i'm here to fuck

Look at me... look at me... I'm the cat now.
Really? This is like a repost from 2008. 
Looks photoshopped to me...
> shows up everyday

No, the buck shows up _every day_. This makes it an _everyday_ thing. Everyday is an adjective.
Giant dog beds; under a buck.
The buck shows up *every day = each day*.  
It is an *everyday* occurrence (adjective).
So how much did it cost?

One buck.
So cool, is it safe to pet a buck 
You get Lyme, you get Lyme, everyone gets Lyme !!
whenever I see stuff like this I always remember the video of the family's pet deer being shot in their driveway for being their pet
THE BUCK STOPS HERE most days, so we put out a bed for him :)
I have a family of deer that sleep/live behind my house. Maybe I should throw some blankets out there for them and hope they like it.

I remember when the mom had her baby in my yard and it got stuck, the poor thing was sleeping in a fenced in yard for at least 3 days before I could get it out. I've seen them walking around since.

Life is so beautiful.
They're going to be really sad that day is stops showing up. Around mid November. 
Is this real? My cynism is high after today's monkeys
The buck stops here.
You could say the buck stops here. 
So the Buck stops here?
This is easily over a decade old, shame on you OP! 
Not a single buck was given. 
The buck stops here?
Deer are rat horses- /u/pinkfloydpanzer
one of these is not like the others.. ..
Someone should call the Department of Wildlife in Wisconsin. If they find out you have a pet deer they send a SWAT team to get it, added bonus they shoot it in front of you
game warden is on his way 
I guess the buck stops... here. 
The most impressive part of this is that they're all in the right size beds, and that the cat didn't take the biggest one leaving the dog to take the smallest one.
Aldous Bucksley
"Every day" is always two words when you mean "each day" or "daily."

"Everyday" is an adjective that means "mundane."

The buck stops there every day.
Sorry it's photoshopped
Please tell me these comments are jokes... This is clearly photoshopped. And poorly at that. 
What the buck? (Badumm tsss)
That really bucks the trend of typical pets.
Must be in Canada.  
What the buck is going on here?
Read it as "duck"  and when I saw that pic I thought 'forget the duck, what about that deer?'
"I need friends." Says the buck.
With head gear like that the day will come when Mr.Bucky won’t show up. It will probably be this coming fall.
This looks like a really good way to encourage all your plants to be eaten, and your decking and fence posts to be used as antler rubs.
So if I come over you gonna put a mattress out for me too? 
Blue apron really goes all out sending fresh ingredients. 
The buck stops here
Gotta watch out for deer tics!
The buck stops here. I should make sure it’s comfy
The buck is trying to save himself from salman khan!!! :-P
r/stolendogbeds
I hope they like lyme disease!
Hiding from the hunters,  I suspect!!
So *that's* where the buck stops...
Lmao this deer head back to his wife everyday like "it's rough out there."
apparently this image is reposted every day by the deer too.
The buck stops here.
Co worker: Have any pets?
Me: yes two dogs and a buck? 
Co worker: A buck? 
Me: shows pictures 
Co worker: Holy Shit 
I guess.. *The buck stops there*.. I'll see myself out.
The buck stops there 
Those beds are suspiciously clean...

Yep, it's a Tide ad 
I heard the bed was on sale for only one buck. 
It's coming right for us!


The buck plops here.
Sure puts a different perspective on animals that you would normally hunt
I know this going to be unpopular, but it's legit.

Deers, particularly bucks, can be extremely dangerous and unpredictable.

It may be docile as far as you know, but they can easily get spooked and/or aggressive and have been known to Gore people. I've known at least one person who got gored, it was a much smaller buck, with much smaller tines, and that sent her to the hospital.

please be careful. I do not recommend approaching that deer. whatsoever.
Interesting. Never heard of that strain of dog. 
2 girls 1 buck 
oh man i hope they don’t feed it
This guy can literally say that, “the buck stops here”.
Awww...the life of domestication.
Day 42:  The humans still haven't noticed I've been living here. It's been nice while it lasted but, tomorrow i make the final move.
My heart just melted.
The buck stops there.
for bucks sake
You missed your chance to give it the title “The buck stops here”
The buck stops here.
I'm just shocked that the cat doesn't care and is just carrying on with business as usual haha
I ams dogs nao.
The buck stops here.
Fwends aff
r/hmmm
So you’re saying, the buck stops here?
I hope this is humanity's future
Shit will end when the velvet drops
awwww
Looks photoshopped. 
I’d put a collar on him or something. Its doubtful he’ll survive the next hunting season without one. 
You should name it Truman.
Just hangin with the friendos 
The buck stops here!
Wait till that velvet falls off and he goes into rut and becomes dangerous and angry wanting to breed anything that walks by. 
Wait for the rut when the deer goes bonkers.  He'll probably fuck the cat and skewer the dog.
Say he attacked your animal and you have dinner for months.
Is this for real?!!!
I guess that means the buck stops here.....
A dog, a cat, and a buck walk into a bar…
The buck stops here. 

And sleeps there.
So you are saying that the buck stops here?
"The buck stops here... literally."
The dog is just like... fuck it man.. I quit.. track pants and crocs from here on in..
The buck stops HERE...

To rest before continuing on his journey. :)
watch out for ticks...

Lyme disease is no joke.
Our dog looks werid
*Gets up to put food in the dish for the stray cats*
The buck stops here.
"Good day sir.  I see that you are feeding this cat and this little dog.  I too, am good at laying around"
"That's it Mr. Buck, just lie right there on that bed. Are you comfy? Go to sleep, no one will harm you, harvest your tasty backstraps, and hindquarters, cut your head off and mount it. No sir, you just lie right there and take a nap."
Really hate these country 'rats'. Ran into the side of 4 brand new cars ($3-4k in damage ea) while working the graveyard shift over country roads. Get 30 of them in your yard & they'll eat every shrub & plant.
Killed off my mountain laurel.
its really fucked up that some people see beautiful animals like this and think nothing more than to kill it. 
Cute, but ultimately will be the death of him, by not shoo-ing him off, you are teaching him humans are OK. There will be a hunter, end of story.

This is like telling your kids, it's ok take the candy from the van guy
I would call this show... “Two Broke Pets”... but they have a Buck.
>Every day

Everyday is an adjective. Maybe it's an everyday visit for the buck.
That’d look nice on my wall
So the buck stops here then 
The buck stops here, apparently.
Buck: How you doing, bob?

Dog: Hey you know how it is. Just chillin' 

Cat : *I will be damned.. .a fucking buck*
That's bucking hilarious. 
That's so aww.
"Hey human, how do I get one of those on *my* head?"
Pretty soon the buck will own the whole house too and leave the owner a bed
Is this how you get the hooman to feed you?
good
they deserve it! :) 
Who knows if it's a spy 😂😂
There is still hope for human kind.
Don't do this when they're in rut.

Also that deer is in velvet, this picture is at least 6 months old.
I too, like to make up captions about pictures. 
My cats are kind of friendly with a group of deer that pass through my back yard. 
That’s a youngin, still has fur on his antlers.
One night my mom came home from work to find a herd of deer bedded down in the backyard. When they got spooked and started to run off she noticed that her one cat had been sleeping down right in the middle of the herd and ran off with them. 
Aww, animal friends.
Like one if those logical progression games: Cat; Dog; Deer; Bear? 
The cat is looking like it doesn't trust this buck guy one bit.
I have almost definitely seen this exact image before
Fake news!  I saw this one going around in 2014!
hhahhahhhahahhahahhhahahah
equal rights for all
Aww I wish I had a home
TICKS!
just be careful because that buck could have ticks which could get on your dogs and cause major problems
Nope. Chuck Testa.
Someone is going to kill that animal, for no good reason. :(

My friend had a "pet" deer. Wore a bright orange collar. Still disappeared. 
As long as Bambi doesn’t start charging towards you, or eats half of your garden. 
I wish nature liked me too...
Buck Phenomenon.
[The homeowner?  From 2012?  Sure.](https://www.tineye.com/search/9f0e799516ed9f17bbda6e90effb1fc80af8e0b0/?sort=crawl_date&order=asc)
So it turns out that the buck doesn't stop at Harry Truman's desk.
When we first moved into our house we went out back to see a doe just chillin in the neighbors yard. My SO thought that it was her pet since the yard has 5ft tall fence around it. Then it just casually hopped over it like it was hardly even there. Nope, guess it's not!
The buck stops there
Knowing humans, now someone in the area is going to try and find it and kill it.
That cat looks really... ticked off. 
Compared to the railing, either the railing is pretty tall (and no obstructions to keep children from walking under the railing and off the deck?), the deer is a miniature breed, or this is fake as fuck. I say fake as fuck having known how my dogs have behaved around wild hooves animals.
The buck stops here
GODS I WAS CARED FOR THEN
Can I be a pet too??!
how adorable
Cute but also a little ... off-putting.

Reminds me of native america Folklore like skin walkers. 
The buck stops here.
*ctrl f*

...dammit 
This so cute! I wish my parents would let me buy a pet.
The buck stops there
The buck stops here...in the bed
It's antlers are sooo fuzzy!
That buck better pay his bucks.
Isn't this the eagle lady's deck? This woman is a nature god 
Is that a sheep in the other bed?
Even deer need friends
Suprised that there is not a fight
Glad to see the buck stopped there
The ticks 
Homeowner, “that buck stops here”
Needs more JPEG
This is fabulous!
I've seen many deer venture out of their wooded homes, but never a buck. *Always*  does and their fawns.
My heart isn't strong enough for this
Well, I guess: “The buck stops here”
'i am also floof, hooman!"
Dammit, I was gonna post this....
Shows up inside that fence... Everyday
Cute 
Our dog desperately wants to make friends with the deer that wander through our neighborhood. Since we talk for the dog all the time, she always looks back at us and said she wants to go visit the Big Brown Dogs when she sees them out the window. 
Looks like you made a good buck
TICKS. BE CAREFUL. 
Why are all you species living peaceably together? I try? 
f o r e s t d o g g o
So cute!
A
r/hmmm
I guess the buck stops there.
The Buck stops there.
A cat, a buck and a dog go into a bar ...
[removed]
That's crazy!
I feel so bad for the homeowners.  They love that deer, but with a rack like that, he's gonna get blasted in a hunting season.
So...

* ehem *


The buck stops here.
I would be worried the buck has wasting disease and wouldnt let it near my house
The buck stops here. 
You know the guy personally?
That is so cool!
Listen here Bucko.
If I show up every day, can I get a bed too?
Cute!
What kind of shitty camera is this?
r/actlikeyoubelong
Where is r/hunting
OP: "The buck stops here!"
I HAVE QUESTIONS, FIND THE HOMEOWNER
Homeward Bound 3: Shadow's Transformation
What the buck is going on here?


Mule deer are weird looking. 
You need to put up a sign above that bed that says: "The Buck Stops Here"
Rescued at a young age and raised until they released it, so it kept coming back? Or rescued at a young age and kept as a pet.
The buck stops here.
Wish my ex-girlfriend would employ this logic. 
the cost of that bed will be paid back come november
It's stuff like this that makes me wonder how we thought of reincarnation. If you had a loved one who loved cats and deer and who died and then this started happening, we humans are designed to look for patterns. 


Honest question: isn't this when rangers come along and kill the deer due to it getting a disease from being around humans, but you can only test for it after death since it is in the brain (not rabies)?
Where is the wolf bed?
Dog:What's next ,a giraffe?
And the pillow is embroidered with "The buck stops here...."
aww
That's beautiful, what is that, velvet?
Living the life.   Smart.  
Sign needed.. - “The bucks stops here”
BEST THING I HAVE EVER SEEN.
Once you self-actualize, your spirit animal just, sort of, hangs out
Is it just me or does this image look fake? Not to mention the fact that a wild animal wouldn't behave this way. 
This guy bucks
Fake 
This picture looks like a painting to me because right above it on my front page is the r/interestingasfuck post titled "transforming" and also I just woke up. 
Bucks are terrifying. They’ll charge if you look at them wrong 👀
Easy kill if you want some deer meat. Yum.
Honey what did I tell you about having young bucks hanging around the house when I’m at work.
Ticks on buck, ticks get on cat, cats goes inside, cat gets on you. Congratulations, you now have Lyme disease
The buck stops here? 
This is awesome
That cat is huge. 
Awwwwww. Seriously. That's the cutest damned thing I've ever seen.
No fucks given by theCats
This is how Gobo dies in Bambi, a Life in the Woods.  Man isn't your friend Gobo...  It's all a lie.
The buck stops here
Thats pretty goddamn cute
*Get Out* (2017) 
And the Buck stops here. 
So the buck stops here?
[Removed]
/r/noisypngs
These beds seems yo be very comfortable.
I can't even....that is too cute.
the amount of fucks the cats give are 0 or less than that
I'm so sad this made me smile!
So that’s where the buck stops. 
Apparently the buck stops here.
No bucks were given
How beautiful! and great of the homeowner to be one of those rare really great humans! :)
The buck literally stops here
I guess the buck DOES stop here.
The buck stops here.  
That buck should have double checked to be sure that wasn't a Frost mat...
Best deer stand ever.
Its Photoshop
TIL deers are cats. 
The buck is trying to save himself from Salman Khan
My patio is similar. I look outside and the dog and cat are chilling with the birds and squirrels. I may have defective pets. 
WTB: What the buck!? 
"Sup."
Omg this is so shopped I'm literally cringing. 
I'd give this picture four points. 
The buck stops here.
"Deer god dog, cat was right!  I am so bucking fawned of this new luxury."
Hehehe hes like.. This is what we're doing now
The pic confused me a little.. I thought they were two different pics joined together at the fence plank. The scenery above and below it are so disjointed and from different images!.. 
That’s so awesome 
My aunt and uncle in Texas have feeders on their back porch for the deer and turkeys
Where is everyone seeing a cat?? Is that white thing a cat? To me this looks like a buck, a dog, and a little lamb.
Good guy homeowner
So cute and sweet! 
The buck stops here!
Horn-doggo
Buy him a red nose. 
A deer like that with little fear of humans is all but certain to die next hunting season.
It's inspiring that his bed looks like a consumer goods one. "Today only, buck beds day, special offer!"
Sooner or later that cat will terrorize that buck
How was this done? Deer are naturally scared of everything. 
I am pet, please give foods?
I’d have to go out and put some goddamn anti tick crap on that buck.  Ya know, if it let me. 
It looks like ... the buck stops here.
The buck stops here to take a quick nap. 
That is too cute.

Unrelated comment here.
/r/hmm
Ticks 
careful not show the location this is happening in...animal control will come unalive this buck because of the human interaction.
Very Nice ..,. 
"well Marge, looks like the buck stops here."
Buck: " I'm Buck Melanoma. Moley Russell's wart"
Looks like a buck and change to me. Lol.
I swear ive seen a very simmilar picture before


except it was 3 different kinds of animals, like an eagle + owl + fox or something

and it was snowing?

but it was like the same exact L shaped deck, where two different animals were on the L edge railing/post, and the 3rd furry animal was on the ground (fox?) i don't remember exactly the 3 animals but i believe they were all wild except for like a cat or something

i swear it was the same deck...

am i crazy? does anybody remember this?
This repost has to be 5 years old by now
I'd placate my emergency food too. Those things can really get away from ya if you're not careful.
That's some extra rare venison.
Was this in Michigan? Because this looks like Michigan.
I like how the dog and cat are like "this is normal"
I LOVE this 
If something ever happens to that buck I don't want to hear about it.
I guess you could say the buck stops here.  ...I'll show myself out
They should put a sign up next to the bed, "The Buck stops Here."
I doubt the title has any relation to the picture.  I'm pretty sure I've seen this posted before with different titles. It's likely they had a dog bed out for a dog and woke up to a deer laying on it and took a pic.
The buck stops here 
The buck stops here.
I say why the heck not.
Man once that velvet comes off it'll make a great wall mount. Just feeding his trophy lol.
I want to agree.
ELI5 why do some deer have fuzzy antlers and others have boney antlers
I wonder if they know how dangerous a buck can be during rut
You're on this porch, but we do not grant you the rank of pet. 
Giant dog beds; under a buck.
Yes
The buck sleeps here.
I wish the deer where I live were this nice.
They just chase my poor dog around our yard in groups of 8-17 deer :(
What is this? A set for a live action bambi?!
This is exactly why you should feed wild animals....
I guess the buck stops here.


...I’m the first one to make this joke in this thread, right?  ....right? 
Plot twist: They named a cat Buck
I want to be this American, all we have is pidgeons.
The buck stops here
Needs more poof
Not seen - A depressed and uncomfortable Golden Labrador 
Good to see one of these things OUTSIDE of a gun reticle.  
I'm a hunter, but this makes me sad cuz I just know that some day some random hunter is gonna drop that deer in a field somewhere and that family will never see that deer again. It makes hunting a little shitty because you never know what kind of life that deer got to live before you kill it.
Looks photoshopped to me
I want to know more about this story
The owner is a very caring person.
Btw. There are 2 dogs and 1 deer in the picture. No cats.
My friend has the original picture. It was taken in California nearly ten years ago. Solano county i believe. 
**
i love what you have done--totally awesome
"My name's buck and I'm here to chill."
I guess the buck stops there.
Human empathy is one of greatest things in life
The buck stops here.
I love food delivery. 
Ticks 
No they see poorly.  They have difficulty with movement and defining boundaries in daylight. 
Peace on Earth
Nice Ron 
The buck stops here.
I guess the buck stops here.


...I’m the first one to make this joke in this thread, right?  ....right? 
This is fake AF why so many upvotes..., a buck would be twice that size...
Is there Velvet on his antlers? 
The buck stops here.
That is freaking awesome 
Hey be careful! I saw a video on public freakout where a game warden heard about a deer doing that and they came out and shot it
I guess the buck stops with him 🤦🏻‍♂️
The might be the cutest thing I will ever see  in my entire life  


Time to close down r/aww
if I show up everyday，can I get a bed too？
You should have gave them [Aanya Linen](http://aanyalinen.com) Sheets too...
Love this 💕
Man, as cute as the buck is... if they knew the diseases getting spread on that bed, the nerve diseases that can fck you up for Years caused by the tiniest ticks ( lime disease) if they knew that they would be burning down those beds and shooing those deer waaay the hell away
Oh knock it off! This is far too adorable! 
Looks like he’s ready for some new antlers with all that velvet.
Why is the edge of the bed along its legs so blurry, but there's no blurring on the cats, or the wrinkles on the bed?

I think we all know why ... 
This looks cute, but it's made of bad idea, and posting it to social media was an even worse idea.

https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/animalia/wp/2017/01/07/game-wardens-killed-a-deer-in-front-of-the-family-that-kept-it-as-a-pet/
You're going to have a lot of Lyme Disease carrying ticks - on your pets, on your deer bed, and in your yard.  
My Mom's house has at 10-15 deer that come around all the time and she lives in the suburbs, no where near as rural as this. They're so comfortable around her house that the does will actually stash their fawns under her windows. Does will "stash" their fawns in what they consider to be safe places for considerable lengths of time while they go out and forage and do other deer-stuff. The first time this happened, my Mom thought the fawn had been abandoned.
I guess the buck really does stop here 
Deer needs to be killed before it kills one of your family members or pets, etc. Wild animals are not pets. They are wild animals. Don't do this, there is a reason it is illegal.
It's all well and good, until that day he's inside the house.

Mounted on the wall.
Would look good on my wall
Good way to get the coyotes to show up
Op is probably hoping it stays until hunting season!
I've always wondered how many of these posts are the result of someone stumbling across a picture and inventing/creating a story that he/she thinks can plausibly be passed off as the true explanation for the photo. Not to be specific to this specific thread/picture, but we have 0 evidence that this picture has anything to do with the title. 
Waiting for that rack to get a little bigger huh
My name is Buck, and I'm here to...
The buck stops here
The buck stops here.
The buck stops here.
I have seen this before.  Shameless repost.
Better be careful, if the local sheriff finds out he may come down to your place and pop a cap in that bucks ass.

Edit: I mean you could downvote me but then I'd think you prolly have never seen this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i57roj23q9c

The buck stops here. (Sorry, couldn't resist!)
As cute as this is I hope there's no hunting anywhere in that area.

Having animals associating with humans being safe/no threat is the fastest way to that animal being killed.
Don't eat animals 
