I upvote otters
No matter how unreasonable it might be to have a pet otter, I will never stop wanting one.
And my dog manages to eat it’s own poo 
Masterfully trained by asian Joseph Gordon-Levitt.
Carry around an otter, and I’m immediately attracted to you. I fall for it every time. 
I keep forgetting Otters have thumbs.  

I wish Dogs had thumbs too :-(  

Edit: I have since retracted this wish due to being reminded Dogs are already perfect.
Die An Otter Day
Can we all agree shootings otters is not ok 
I'm always so delighted whenever I get to see how smart otters are. Beautiful little creatures!
Aw! The way he goes back to it when he realizes they’re not done playing. The best. 
I am a simple woman. I see otter. I upvote.
Upvoted cause hot Asian guy 
[deleted]
How is no one talking about how attractive the guy is?
Water pupper doin a trick 
Some people dream of getting married and living a long, rich life surrounded by people who love them.

Some people dream of fame and fortune.

Some people dream of making history.

I dream of having a pet otter.  
One of my finest performances.
Gonna need some more footage of this talented duo. Or, ya know, just the trainer.
That man is sexy.
That little face cover up!
Is it just me or is this man unfairly attractive?
I want one
I shall smash your skull like a clam on my tummy!
I love his tiny hands.
Bet this dude is brothers with the rainstorm and river and probably has a heron friend too. 
Harry Otter...the boy who looked. 
Next legend for Barcelona FC!!! 
Reminds me of this: https://gfycat.com/LiquidInsistentCowrie
*You're pretty good*
No one will ever convince me that otters are not water doggos.
I’ve always wondered how people train animals to play dead like that. Sitting, staying, heeling, are all intuitive animal moves, but this? That’s some human level gesturing.
Otters are water cats and i want one
Is that little nub a penis 
I'm now adding "must have pet otter who does tricks" to my requisites for dating prospects. 
Beavers are pretty cool. 
I find this unbelievably cute even compared to the general levels of this sub.
This is my son at bedtime
I used to live in a floating home and the resident otters used to hang out underneath my floor and loudly try to make baby otters.
how do you.... train the otter to do that?
Free my people from doing tricks for treats! We still demand the treats though!
List of animals we need to domesticate to the degree of dogs:

1. Bears
2. Otters
I was having a kind of bad day today. But now I’m not. I love this. 
You're pretty good
Guns of the Patriots!... Might need work, or at least more nanomachines.
Whaat how does the otter know?
I want to pet or tickle that otter belly so much. Like so so much. 
How do you train animals to do that kind of stuff?
Revolver Otter-lot.
I need one of these in my life. They are so cool and smart. And i need a red panda, they are so fluffy and retarded. They'd make the ultimate pet couple.
Otters are like real life Disney characters
This video is a great example of why Reddit is so important. 
Finger gun and pets never gets old. Need more. :)
u/endlesskylieness you in the mornings when I turn the hallway light on 
What you don't know is that in order to train them to do this, you have to shoot them with a pellet gun several hundred times before they cover their eyes instinctively.
That guy is hot 
I need an otter the way I need oxygen. 
Did you guys know that otters rape and kill baby seals
u/remotectrl 

u/randomosaur 
Ow! My ovaries!
BeNeDiCT CuMBerBaTcH sHoT iN cOLd blOoD AnD foRcEd tO lOoK aT atTAckEr aFtErWaRdS
What happens when an Otter is trained by Busquets 😂
Otters>Any other animal 
Animals have personalities. I bet if your Cat/Dog could talk they will still be disappointed in you. 
Nobody said "...aaand CUT". 
"Are we finished? -Oh no, we're not finished!"
God damn otters is there any they can't cute.
Acting!!! 
I wonder how do they het trained in order to do stuff like this.
I said "aww," and then nodded because of course I did.
I want a pocket otter
Crazy animal!!!! Crazy!! ☺️
I have to wonder how on earth animals learn this.

He is pointing at me with a finger, then doing some kind of gesture. Do I.... what, exactly? Do animals understand that the hand is resembling a gun, which kills, and that they are playing dead?
cute
I love how he starts with smell my finger. Think he's got a shrimp in that gun?
So cute.
I want one!
omg cutest thing I've ever seen
Vhhhhvv
I think South Park might of had it right. Otters are the next species to climb the ladder.
How the hell did he train an otter?
So cute :)
You otter post that in the interwebz.
Anybody have any idea what it takes to have one as a pet? Serious question. Not serious about getting one as a pet though.
How is an animal taught this trick?
Lol
Is it just me, or does anyone else think he looks like a pokeman trainer?
I think this might be my official favorite gif on the entire internet. Thank you
This is so pure and wholesome. I'm usually a cold, unfeeling, heartless asshole. But this...... this made my heart smile 😢😍
Awww cute Lil oddor 
I feel like Otters should be added to the list of non-human persons. 
What year is it?
Mark Wahlbergs acting is getting better ( for all the DLM fans)
The whole weasel family is just amazing.
How smart are otters to pick something like this up? I hope no cruelty was used to train them.
Awwter
Here’s your future pet!
Dam, that’s cute. 
I've had a very good day today and this is so good it's still the highlight of my day.
What a good aqua boye
It was already good stuff, but the last party makes it front-page stuff
r/Rarepuppers
How do people train animals to do stuff like this
My heart just melted 
STILL LOOKING?
lovely!
All I want to do is rub that tummy. 
What a heckin G O O D B O Y E!
Wut
That is sooooooooo cute omg. <3
That was cute lol 
Me granddad in vietnam war
HIS LITTLE HANDS
Markiplier and his otter!
I can't get over how human like the second time he covers up his eyes is
Whenever this is reposted someone always comments how trainers teach tricks like this to animals in captivity to help with the animals’ health care. 
His little face made my day !
Soooo cute 
These pet otter videos are killing me!!! Where the hell can I get one?!!
An otter and an otter are in a car, who's driving? Animal Control.
You have to wait until you hear “cut”!
how in the world do you teach animals this trick? 
So cute! 💖
I'm pleasantly surprised at the lack of otter puns in the comments
We have a lot of wild river otters on the west coast and they actually seem pretty grumpy. I've had them growl and hiss at me while kayaking near a beach. Minks and those Fishers/beach weasel things too.
what pokemon is this
He just needs little overalls and a straw hat and my life will be complete.
Awwww
When a soccer player dives. 
No matter how many times someone knowingly and shamelessly reposts this for karma, I’ll always love it because it’s an otter. 
Damnit, I fucking love otters! Wish I could have one 😫
Best thing I came across on internet today! Pew pew pew.. Upvotes.. 
so realistic too! peed himself when he died!
Love when someone proves how intelligent animals besides dogs and cats are because it reaffirms my dedication to not eat meat.
ELI5: Why do animals roll over when they die? 
Otters are the best.
So Freaking Cute! ♥️🤗
Amazing!! I never realized they were that smart.
Water ferret
Omg WTF super cool
Anyone know where I can see more of these two?
Asian Joseph Gordon Levitt
My wife thinks im loony...but my dream house has an otter pool in the the backyard....i want a whole family in there...
Adorable.
Commenting so I can find this easier. Soooo cute. 
How does it or other dogs know to act dead when fake shot? 
Plot twist: had been shot multiple times with BB gun to learn trick.
There otter be a law...
I got a notification with the title on my phone... I thought it was going to be the cat that boops the dog on the nose through the blinds again
AMA REQUEST someone who has a pet otter, I want one.
How does one obtain an otter... Asking for a friend. 
So cute! 

The otter was adorable too
When he didn’t perform, he spanked the weasel. 
Oh me, I knew I loved otters but that is just supreme awesomeness right there! ❤️
I have always wanted to open a bar where trained otters and penguins serve you beer. Gotta use stuff thats capped, mix drinks would never work we have to be realistic. But yeah....this is my dream.
Aww 
Just here  for the Otter puns. 
Is this cartel the otter?
So cuuuteeeee 
Brotter from another otter. Just here to join the pun fun. 
ATIS be like:
10SM vis Sky Clear ALT29.92
[Ha I got you !!](https://imgur.com/a/fBkM8)
Did I just see an otter's junk?
Cuuute! 
I want 6 of them 
See no evil
I don't care how many times this is reposted, I love it every time.
 AAhhh, these little guys are SOOOO Cool. I've met them in the wilds of Alaska and on the Trinity River in California.

 They are WAY COOL.
Otters are one of the cutest animal's on earth!
r/mademesmile
aww... nice seem pet

Where can I get one of these?
wow, soo sute
This has brightened my day, thank you so much 
r/peoplefuckingdying
This is the longest version it seems: https://youtu.be/IJ3bY6Szbik
I love otters hands and feet, they look like little human hands ☺️.
Too cute
👉😎👉
Otterly adorable 
cutest thing i’ve ever seen!
TIL what an otter penis looks like.
Awwww my spirit animals an otter
r/soccer
Do otters understand the concept of guns/violence/US constitution?
It amazes me how often we think of animals as stupid. This boi clearly a genius 
"You look dead."

"You should see the otter guy!"
Upvoted so all the otter people get to see this
Otterly adorable
You should see the otter guy
This is Otterly cute!
What sort of doggo is this?
This is otterly ridiculous.
Otterly ridiculous 
Otter learn to play dead better.
I love this otter more than I love my momma
[deleted]
Pointing your fingers at otters is incredibly stressful to otters. This is abuse plain and simpy 

E: obvious troll plebeians 
People never thing about the amount of beatings and unhealthy snacks it takes to make an animal do cutesy shit like this
He probably beats the shit out of that otter to train it to do that.
Edit: https://youtu.be/zZ1InXglIYA

Dont know why im getting downvoted. I mean the link in my edit shows people beating dogs to train them to do weird shit. So why not an otter?
