The world stops when you’re in love 
"You're the only one I know at this party!"
My dog hides her pigs ears under my pillow  I sometimes find them when I go to bed and stick my hand under my pillow.

And when people come over and if I go up stairs for a minute she will collect her bones and toys and bring them upstairs to me to safe keeping. 

So i think she trusts me especially  
Wow I love the contrast between her stillness and the doggy-chaos in the background. She loves you :)
"Oh thank god you're here. These other dogs are CRAZY. Can we *please* go home now?"
How on earth do you get any work done in this magical place? I would be so distracted :P
Those are some Pixar eyes if I’ve ever seen them lol. 
“Yo, you still good with me going mental, right? Don’t need anything? Kisses? Boop my snoot? You’re good? Ok, cool.” 
**Back to spazzing out.**
*on mobile* 

Double clicks dogs face for ultimate zoom potential

*fucking dies* 
This is how I decided my dog was the one for me when he was a puppy. 

My mom let me choose a pup from a litter of probably a dozen pups. I found one I really liked because he kept sticking around me while all the other puppies ran around creating chaos or stuck to my sis/mom/the owners. 

We had to leave to go to the bank and get money once we decided. I told the lady specifically that I wanted "this one." and she promised she'd keep an eye on him since he had about 10 brothers/sisters that looked the same. 

We came back and all of the puppies were mixed in and she forgot to keep an eye on mine. As soon as we played with the puppies again all of the puppies began running around except one. One puppy stayed with me the moment we got to see the litter again. That's the very  pup I knew I was looking for. The rest is history!

He's turning 20 this year and still going strong! 

Edit: here's a pic of him! 

https://imgur.com/a/hreMz
That one gorgeous lady. She make any new friends? Breed please?
Beautiful good girl! She looks a lot like my Link, is she a shepherd/border collie mix? Give this good girl a treat for me!
Oh she is perfection 
Dogs are AWESOME!
/r/dogsmirin
My looooooovvve 😍
What a sweet face!
Wow what a beautiful girle. Look at all the love in those eyes
“So this is what you do when you leave me every day??” 
Aww, that’s so sweet!! 
Aaaaw she loves you!
I want to work with these dogs. :)
Where do you work? Are they hiring? 
She's beautiful! What's her name? 
My heart just exploded and that's not even my dog. All the awwwwwws. 
Scrolled for a bit and haven’t seen it yet so check out /r/dogsmirin
"I don't care that I'm here. You're here."
I would love to see a photo like this of a bring your cat to work day. It would be quite different.
She's such a good boy
Treasure that look of love. I just lost my boye last week and I just came to say, treasure it beyond all measure. Treasure the treasuring. She’s beautiful and you can see the adoration in her eyes. 
L is for the way you look at me.
Reminds me of a girl heh
And not a stitch of work was done that day, I hope.
My dog doesn't even look at me in public. He deosn't quite understand "stranger danger".
Treasure the time you have with such a good pal.
That faceeeeeee :D
That’s the “are you ready to go home”? Look
This is such a sweet picture. ❤️ I love bringing my dog to work for half days. She’ll let other people pet her for a few seconds and then run back to me or lay at my feet under my desk, always reminding me that I’m her favorite. 😏
My cat makes me feel the same way, except instead of showing me love she just begs me for food.
I aww’ed out loud.
Are there treats? Someone said there would be treats...
What a sweet face! 
Those eyes!
What a good girl!
They like me better.
Relationship goals.
WHAT KIND OF DOG IS THAT?? We found our dog as a puppy, abandoned on the side of a road in Monument Valley, Utah. We thought maybe she is German Shepherd and Australian Shepherd mix, but yours look IDENTICAL. This is exciting. I'll take my answer off the air.
So cute!
I love her "eyebrow dots" !
Is that a standard poodle on the right of her?
Your dog is beautiful! What breed is she?
Sir you stole my dog. 
I want a dog so bad :(((
Looks like my pretty little lady! 


http://imgur.com/iNHPMCD
This is very nice
She is a part of your world. You are the whole world to her.

Thinking this always makes me sad :(
Awww, she got an adorable face! <3
Or perhaps you're just holding some treats 
As long as you don't work for United... 
That’s the most “I love you” eyes I ever see 
“Doggo” is going to be the reason that I unsubscribe from this subreddit.
Find someone who looks at you the way this dog looks at OP.
Anybody know what kind of dog this is. Because I have a rescue that looks exactly like her. 
Oh. Dear. God! That is absolutely heart warming and breaking at the same time. What a stunningly beautiful photo of her love for you!
That’s it. I’m getting a dog and treating it with the best love and care in the world.
I have a beagle I’ve had since he was a puppy and he loves me, but the lab I adopted as an adult LOVES me. He looks at me like this. Like I’m the whole world. It’s so sweet. 
“Dave, seriously, take me home.” - Dog
Thank you OP. She is so pretty, that I want to keep her as my wallpaper. 
Poor janitor.  Going to be a feces festival tonight. 
Adorable
That's a face that just says "worry" lol
Haha, dogs sure do love humans!
My dog loves everybody, especially new people.  Because of this he kind of likes me the least out of everybody on earth but it sounds worse than it is.  
More like favorite anything. You > Food > Butts. 
That is just the SWEETEST face! AWWWWW
When we got our dog an Aussie named Dub, I became second fiddle in this house. The adoration that boy has for my husband is awe inspiring. 
Is she a Border Collie German Shephard mix?
Generally, if I do not do what I want to do....I might get a treat!
I thought she was wearing a tie
"like wow there's so many other doggos here and this is so fun, are you sure this is okay pack leader?"
Oh the lemon bassett hound made my day!
Shes so cute, that look is pure love.
animals are good companions to relax the environment
I love this so much.  She has love in her eyes.
I love her beautiful face! Bless your baby! 
Who's a good girl? You are! 
Good doggo!
I wonder if when you leave, she thinks you're just going to play with dogs and people.
IS THAT A BASSET HOUND????!?!
That’s adorable.
Posts like this make me want a dog so bad.
Aw, she looks exactly like the Aussie I had as a kid. 

rip Bob, you were a good girl
awesome
AWWWWWWWW.  Dats cute is heck.  

favorite everything
Both of you are so blessed to have eachother  :-)
I could not have a dog this cute. I would never get anything done, I would just give pets and belly rubs until I got evicted.
Oh man, [she looks just my dog!](https://imgur.com/gallery/YyNwQ)

Parker's half border collie, half lab.
Aww she’s lovely!
wow what race/races is this dog??? mine looks exactly the same its a australian sheperd/ rot , never saw one like it before 
I see a beagle bum!!

That is love. 💕
Find someone who looks at you like this dog is looking at her human 
noice
So nice!
Dog day camp attendant here. My girl is the same way. Even when she gets to see all of her favorite friends, she still checks in with me every other minute. Ugh, I love her so much.
That looks like a big fat thanks to me!
And here I am in love with the basset.
A happy story:
"...my fave hooman was there, and it was the most dog butts I ever sniffed, the end.  Best day ever."
Wholesome
Please tell me you gave her a good belly rub after this picture was taken
There's a study that says dogs prefer the company of humans, even dogs who were raised by other dogs.

OTOH, wolves prefer the company of wolves, even wolves who were raised by humans.
So wholesome
She’s beautiful! What’s the breed mix? Man, she’s wonderful!
This makes my heart happy!
I wish my dog liked his own kind.
How cute <3 even my dog makes me feel same.. kuddos!
My cat always sucks my ears when I go to bed
Oh my goddddd..... The feeeeelsssss of this post
“Hi, I love you.”
Today this sub truly has lived up to it’s name!
😭😭😭
That is one happy doggo right there.
Thank you for cheering me up OP.  This made me tear up badly. 
Spent ~10 years doing dog daycare, my dog joined me the first few years but eventually got banned from play group for trying to "help" me too much 
That is beautiful!!!  My girl does the same thing; She may have other dogs around, or a few people, but she is always focused on me.  That, of course, is true love in one of its most treasured forms.  Thank you for sharing that awesome pic!
A VP at work would bring her dogs to work all the time.  Nobody else was allowed.  Her dogs pissed and shit all over the place.  She was not the one who had to clean it up, of course.
Any time there is another living creature around my dog forgets I exist until it's gone.
Like she's surrounded by a sea of chaos, but she is perfectly tranquil just staring at you. 
I took my boy to the dog park for the first time Sunday. I was hoping he would tire himself out with the other dogs. It was cold so my SO and I walked the fence line to keep warm and all he did was follow us. 
Now my dogs go and try to get themselves readopted. If I take them to a dog park I have to physically remove them from their new family. 
What kind of doggie? Mine was similar loooved her sich a sweetie like yours too

https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/7jawrq/my_beautiful_15_yr_old_shepherd_mutt/
We don’t deserve these mother fuckers 
The Bassett on the left is looking for snacks
"You're the only one I know at this party!"
That's the "I love you" look. Similar to what my dog does when I walk him
Oh I need one of those! Just that look of
Love on its face! Awwww!
“I LOVE IT HERE, AND YOU”
Whoa that looks exactly like my dog. Do you know what breed it is? I got mine at a shelter and they weren't completely sure
this looks like my dogs "i'm stressed please take me home" face
Plot Twist: She was eating Lunch.
This one literally brought me to tears. I had to return the dog I just adopted because it kept biting me, including in the face that got infected and I need to take antibiotics for. I see this and I weep knowing there are good dogs out there but am sad that I have resigned myself to the fact that I will never find one for me.

You hug that dog and make sure it knows it is a good dog.
Or that she still needs to go potty. 
This says it all about dogs. Better and much more dependable than people. They don't judge and just love you, period.

We don't deserve these creatures. 
Just stopped crying over over my little buddy passing, opened Reddit, aaaaand fuck I need to get another furry friend. Life's so empty without em
I have a beagle I’ve had since he was a puppy and he loves me, but the lab I adopted as an adult LOVES me. He looks at me like this. Like I’m the whole world. It’s so sweet. 
This is precious. It's like your each other's calm, in a world full of chaos.
We have a dog at work that is like this with her handler. She loves everyone and everything, but the complete and utter devotion she has for this guy is something to see.  If he leaves the area for even a moment and she can't follow, when he comes back she is just deliriously, knock people across the room her butt and tail are wagging so hard in joy happy that it kind of pangs my heart to see. 
That is awesome 
We don’t deserve dogs!
I had a 95 lb lab mix that we adopted from the Humane Society that followed me so close his nose was always bumping on my butt. I had to be careful not to trip over him in the kitchen.  And I never had any privacy when I went to the bathroom.  He passed away a couple of months ago in January. I miss him so much.  
That is a beautiful dog, can't wait til I move into a bigger house to have my own.
Everybody’s watching her, but she’s looking at yoouuu 
#Praise be to the newest Champion of Reddit, u/LearnedBravery!

[Let us not forget the Champions of yore...](https://www.reddit.com/r/ChampionsOfReddit/)
Awwwwwa
She looks crazy in love with you ♥️
Refreshing to see that someone on the internet understands the usage of the word “you’re.”
I'm right here if you need me human. 
Love,
Doggo
Man, that is one pretty dog. 
Dogs truly are man's best friend. 
Those eyes are my weakness
The feels.  I want a doge.  I want to be loved!!!  Feelsgoodman then feelsbadman..
I awwed out loud - so loud that it woke up my dog. This made my day, thank you. :)
The amount of love in those eyes is almost moving. Lovely lovely dog❤️
Cute doggy!
My heeeeaaarrrttt!!!!
I have a beagle I’ve had since he was a puppy and he loves me, but the lab I adopted as an adult LOVES me. He looks at me like this. Like I’m the whole world. It’s so sweet. 
By any chance do you work in LA and is the brown dog in the back named Keby? 😮
National Geographic picture of the year right here!!
Get yourself a human that looks at you the way your dog does
How do I get a job at your office?! I've been putting this in our suggestion box at the office for 4 years! HR keeps shutting me down :(
If only humans could be as kind and loving as dogs...
I can't even deal with how adorable this is.
Person?
i am so damn sure im gonna get my own dog some time in the future on seeing this
10
Awwwwwww
I'm late but man, this is one of the most beautiful dogs I've ever seen. 
 Those fur baby's are absolutely adorable!! 
You fucking better be.  You house and feed her and in return she shits on your floor.
*and not a single bit of work was done that day* /s
The title probably helps, but you have one of the most feminine looking dogs I’ve ever seen.

She’s a cutie.
Why are people bringing their dogs to work?  Work is for working, not playing.  
Golden Doodle Gang 😤💪🏻🔥💯
I'd never work at a job that allowed dogs in the office.
BEAGLE!!!!



I have a beagle too
So where do you work and here's my resume
This how the first world is evolving? Disgusting 
Pd i love doggos, theyr frens not sons
I need a job here. 
She looks like she’s having an anxiety attack...
So sweet!
This dog is life lmao 
I seriously need to get a dog...
My dog also has permanent worried eye brows.  It gets her all the treats!
Because I onlllyyyy have eyyyeeeeesss.... ffooorrr youuuuuuu...
That's how my girl (pointer mix) looks at me.  Sometimes, it's all that keeps me going.
Oh my god 
master!!!
Good girl.
Caption + Pic = All the feels
r/disneyeyes
Bring your dog to work day!? Keep that job!
Bring your dog to work day!? Keep that job!
1. Is your job hiring? 2. I really need a dog in my life. And a cat.
OMG! So much love in that little face
Do you know de wey
Now that's love
I need a dog..
So ((wholesome))
Shot with iPhone X 
Are you hiring and where do I apply?
She knows that you’re who brought her to the dog party. 
Iiiii only have eeeeeeeyes foooooooor youuuuuuuu
Awww what a sweet puppy
My dog does this thing where he sits next to (or on) his favorite person in the room. You really know who his favorite is. 
That's an awesome pic of an awesome dog! 😀 
My dog does this when we have company over. She makes sure to get love from everyone but always comes back to me 
I wish a man would look at me like that 
English shepherd?
Beautiful dog. 
This dog is so adorable, I can't handle it.
She looks so happy
Is this bring your dog to work day?
What a lovely pup!  Looks a lot like my dearly departed lady - so pretty!
Where are you working and are they hiring? Location doesn't matter am prepared to move
Can I quit my dream job to come work with you? 
Her face screams “WHATS GOING ON?!”
This is so precious
Oh my heart. It’s exploding!
Or she thinks that you're her favorite dog. 
Where do I have to work that has a "bring your dog to work" day?
I work as a handler at a daycare and bring my husky every day. Ha
We don't deserve dogs, they're too good for us. 
What a perfect baby. This picture is SO great! 
And then I saw her face and now I'm a believer 
I have yet to reach that level of admiration from my dog. She just touches me with her backside.
Dogs are the best.
Beautiful dog! 
I'll stop the world and melt with you 
I can't even go to bathroom without my dog wanting to follow. I love him though :)
My dog loves everyone the same :’(
Cute
Aw so many doggos :D
What breed is she? She reminds me of a dog I grew up with.
I thought I was dead inside. This pick proved me wrong
She's beautiful! 
Two seconds later someone else has food and she's gone
My dog would get me fired because he’d bark like crazy at any dog I gave any attention to. 

He’s a Boston and lost the head over the weekend when he saw me go across the road to say hi to someone’s sister and he massive pit. He didn’t care as I am his and he was ready to fight for my love. 
Meanwhile, my dog's favorite person is my sister. She hears my sister's car and she starts desperately looking around for "gifts" to give her, usually socks or a rag. I come home after being gone all day and I get nothing. There's no reason. My sister doesn't do anything special for her. I take care of all of her needs, love her, play with her but she still loves my sister more. 
Favorite* assuming you have you food or no one else has food.
What kind of dog is this cutie? 
The thing I don’t like about Bring Your Dog to Work days is that from then on your beloved pet thinks you leave them every day to spend time with a bunch of other dogs. How sad would the dog be now?
The look of love.
What a sweet face!!
This is how I imagine doggy day care centres a like.
Don't pet them! those are my pets.
I work at a kennel/daycare and my dog does this too. She will occasionally join in the chase but she'd prefer to sit on my lap(she's 45lbs)  or around me. 
Fucking AWWWWWWWWW!!! That face!
God I needed this. Thank you.
This photo is everything and she's beautiful!
https://youtu.be/LuN6gs0AJls

Good doggo
Stand there much longer without giving that dog the pets and you’ll soon lose that title to Jared from down the street!
Had to bury my dog today. Thanks for this photo
Can I have your coworker's basset hound?
Her face says it all. "Thank you for bringing me to this really cool dog park!"
i just want someone to look at me like that 
That's just what parent feel when their human kids decide to hang out with them instead of running off with the other kids
Chester!
One of my favorite dogs was literally like a cat when me and my buddy would call her she would look at us with these squinty eyes and then turn and walk off like a cat! Just randomly thought I would share
Haha
":D"
😍
Beagle butt!

I LOVE DOGS SO FUCKING MUCH ARRGGGHHHH
Awwwwwww!
I also get to bring my best friend to work everyday at a doggie day care. I just got a dream job out of state and I can’t take her from my family and I’m not only devastated to not spend all day with her I won’t even be able to see my old girl everyday 😢
She looks so happy to see. So adorable. ❤️
You've just made me want to go home and play with my dog. Thank you, I have 6 more hours of work
what breed is she? 
What a good girl. 
Person?
It's hard to love a human but got damn animals are just to easy
My heart! Ohhhh my god my heart!!
I work in a vet clinic and used to bring my dog to work with me every day. She would want me work all day.
Why did my eyes just tear?
Omd!
That dog looks like today is the best day of her life so far. Yesterday was the best day until now, but today is definitely the best day yet. 
y'all I'm melting
Awwwwwe so precious!
She's really adorable.
With eyes looking at you like that, wife her!


..o wait
Why are dogs so precious? Do they not understand how terrible humans are ?
This is my pooch. But her look would be nonverbally saying, "can we play ball yet?".
u/maddiefaulks
That smile is to die for!
Just curious, what doggie daycare facility do you work at? Because I work at one too, l, named pooch hotel. 
She looks like my girl Annie and it makes me so happy because she looks so happy and precious I can't
I'm in a bind at the moment and can't afford a place a midsized dog deserves... This post made me tear up/not give up hope... Thank you!
Dog smiles are the fucking best.
Nothing feels better than being in the receiving end of that look. 
I've never worked anywhere that people brought their dogs into work :-(
This pic made me go awww and then i rad the subreddit name and honestly yeah
Where do you work and are they hiring????????
I wish that was true with my dog.
I had to put down my 14 year old chihuahua two days ago. I used to complain that she was always underfoot, now I just miss her.
u/LearnedBravery she is adorable
adorable! those pretty eyes
This is where you go everyday? Why do you leave me at home?!?
Warms my heart :3 hugs for doggo! 
/r/girlsmirin
My dog wouldn't do that. He'd be too excited to play with the other dogs and would be all like 'yea dude I'll check you later, leave extra food out in case I bring a friend back'.
Those eyes.... ♡
She’s a very good looking dog! What kind of breed is she? ☺️
u/babyykayyy22 
This is where you “work”? I hate to break it to you, but you, Sir or Madam, are dead because this is actually heaven. 
This would make a great jigsaw puzzle! You should see if there's a place that could custom make you one.

I like it. One dog's lookin, one way, the other dogs are lookin' the other, and the one in the middle's sayin, "Waddya want from me? I ruff you!"
/r/wholesomememes
Is this in Seattle by chance?
Wow.... there are no words for that look 💕 <3
You are my reason to smile. 
I love dogs . Because I think dogs knows the feelings better than human.
You have a lot of friends, she only have you. You may be the world to her.
That's how I knew of al the dogs in the pound...
She is beautiful!
I wish my office had a day like that.
I think she is trying to tell that "it's been fun but I am ready to go home now". ha ha
She's a shepherd, so of course! 
I have a teddy dog named Jerry. Whenever I go out, it will be sad.
Precious!  I love her sweet expression. 
My heart ❤🐾🐶❤
@learnedbravery is she a Australian Shepard, can't figure it out
Ahhh ok, thank you, she's so happy :)


My dog would totally ignore me around other people and dogs until I dragged his butt back home haha
/u/bloodboy12
So true. 
simply awesome!
1000
Tiddy
oday, we see a lot of dog owners make complaints like “My dog always barks at people!” or “My dog is not playing with me!”. Moreover, we even hear about a dog killing three people or a dog savaging its owner. Many people think that these events occur because of the dogs’ naturally wild behaviours. https://dogtrainingtipssecrets.com/
1000th comment!
aww :3
Good dog!
That smile on the dog in the middel. FANTASTIC
u/raving-wanderlust
I am the luckiest person on Earth. My girl comes to work with me every day. ❤️
That reminds me.  I need to brush my doggo's teeth.  
Don’t bring her to a Chinese place
Upvote for dogs comment for cats.
What kind of doggo is she OP? I’d die to keep that pupper face smiling 
I read somewhere that owning a dog is worse for the environment than owning an SUV. 
 I wish I could upvote this more than once. 
We don’t deserve doggos. What a cutie! 
What a sweet doggo smile <3
[deleted]
My office had a "bring your dog to work day". I brought my girlfriend to work telling her there was an office party and she was invited.

I'm currently single...
We don't deserve dogs.
We don't deserve dogs 
Yeah, um, ah, that's not what she's saying.  I know that expression.  She's saying she wants to get the hell out of there RIGHT NOW!
That dog is anxious and possibly scared.  He/she wants out. 
“I’m a good boy but the rest of these guys are fucboi’s.” 
Crap, this gave me the feels. You’re so lucky to get love like this. 
Find someone who looks at you the way this G O O D E  G I R L E looks at her mother.
these bitches ARE loyal
Losers
