I once had this cat, I saved and raised her, great cat. Loved me very much, would curl up under my blanket and sleep with me, this is when I was an early teen so I didn't leave home too much. One night I stay over at a friend's house cause some game came out, and my mom calls me. 
"Mijo, do you hear that?" In the background I can hear my cat just meowing non stop, over and over. My mom then follows up. "She's been in your bed crying for the past hour." Those little punks can love a lot.
My sister and myself shared a 2 family house (owned by our parents).  Her cat loved coming up to meet me and hang out.  After i moved out my sister told me that the cat would sit on the last step by the apartment door meowing non stop hoping someone would open the door.  She said it broke her heart looking at him staring at the door wondering why it wasnt opening.

I swear, if my wife wasnt allergic to cats i wouldve happily adopted him.  So i know what that poor kitty is going through :'(
If Pepe is at all like me, right now he's thinking "This was the room, wasn't it? I'd swear this was her room, but now I'm not sure. I don't want to ask and look like an idiot, so I'll just sit here." 
This reminds me of when I was a kid and my cat got hit by a car in the busy street out front and died. For MONTHS our dog and/or our other cat would sit under the tree that he liked just looking up at the branches and waiting. It was really heartbreaking to see and I cried a lot those months. . .
My room in my mom's house was at the end of the hallway by the dirty clothes hamper. One of our cats, Jack, would jump on the hamper and wiggle my door handle when he wanted to come hang with me. We were buds. I was going through a lot of medical shit for a long time and was up all night, most nights. He would come and lay with me and be with me through the pain. Well, after I finally moved out, I went back to get some stuff after a couple weeks and as soon as he saw me he ran to the hamper and jiggled the handle and meowed at me so loud. He just wanted to cuddle and hang out one more time in my room. :(
don't feel sad. my friend moved into a place recently and the cat randomly started camping out in her room.

my friend thought she loved her, but one day her heated blanket stopped working and the cat couldn't give a fuck about her anymore lol
Oh no :( you have to get your old roomie to visit for play dates with Pepe
There's nothing like a sad cat to make you just feel like the worst kinda human.
If reddit has taught me anything, you need to let Pepe smell her corpse or he'll never stop grieving. 
After my mom died, her cat would walk up and down the hall yowling for her. I still catch him sitting on the edge of her bed looking around, as if he's waiting for her. 
I recently went through a divorce. We had the sweetest, most loving, "rub her head all over you 24/7 and lay on top of you" cat imaginable that I had to give up, partially because my ex adopted her a few years before I came into the picture and partially because I knew I was going to have to if we ever broke up from the beginning and had made peace with it. My ex stayed in our house with the cats until she could find a new place to live, I stayed with a friend and with my parents. The divorce was hard enough as it was, knowing that we were doing the right thing due to incompatibility but still being very, very sad about it. But it was made worse by the pictures of the cats I received and the stories of how she would go from room to room meowing. Until, one day, I received a text that said "I think she finally stopped looking for you."


It *broke* me.
When a girl and I broke up.  My parrot kept saying "Where is Annie?"  Over and over for a month.  I put him boarding for a year at a real nice home where the lady took car of parrots.  I personally couldn't get over it, and he just was killing me.

It has been 4 years since, that mother fucker still asks about once a month, "Where is Annie?"
It looks like Pepe is coming to terms with her being gone. But you’re crying not me!
 feels bad man
did you tell your roommate =(
I got my dog when I was living with my old roomate, after 3 years he moved out since the commute was too far.  My dog was always wondering when he was coming home.  Now we live about 20 minutes away from each other and I live with my girlfriend.  He gets super excited when my buddy comes over, but my dog has really grown attached to my girlfriend. 
dere was a girl

dat use to be

inside dis space

who played wif me

i used to hear

her laff a lot

she was once here

but now she's not

i donno why

dey come n go

hoomans are strange

n dis i kno

sumtimes dey laff

n den dey cry

n den dey leeve

wif no goodbye

edit: 

*Thank you, frens for thoughts of gold ~ it means so much for me to hold*

*the thought that i made Someone smile if even just alittle while* ;)

(*sorry if i brought some tears, pets bring out our feels and fears -

 hope most are happy, some are sad - just think about the time we had*)







I hope Pepe doesn’t think she’s dead. You should have your roomie come over again to reassure Pepe. 
When i moved away from mom, she told me our cat would sit at my old rooms door and cry to be let in. For a long time my mom would open the door to let her see i wasn't there anymore. She would enter the room, look around and then leave when she couldn't find me, only to then try again later. It broke my heart :(
"She always talked about leaving. I never thought she'd actually go through with it."
Pepe is like.. FINALLY, I HAVE MY OWN SLICE OF THIS PARADISE 
Oh.

I cried the entire time I packed up the last time I moved. I kept thinking how my roommie's cats would feel when I wasn't there anymore.

Feels bad again, man.
Well looks like your roommate has to move back in, end of story. 
My kitten is so bonded to my elderly dog that I'm already dreading the inevitable. When we walk the dog the cat just cries :(
I have two cats, an older one and a younger one. The older cat hated our young one when he first came in two years ago. We took our young cat to the vet yesterday and left him there for the afternoon and our older cat was freaking out looking everywhere for his best bud :'(

edit: The older cat is 14 years old and he's a grey tabby named Link. The younger cat is a 2 year old black cat named Anakin! 
And people say cats don't have feelings.
I once 'adopted' a cat from the people we were buying a house from. Russian Blue, gorgeous 2 year-old guy named Ezra. Shortly after Ezra became family I ended up taking in a stray gray striped tabby kitten. Named him Mogwai. Mogwai was too little to cat when I brought him in, so Ezra taught him All Things Cat (at least, to the best of his knowledge).

Fast forward 15 years: Ezra is old and not doing so hot. He forgets stuff, he doesn't clean himself, couldn't take stairs anymore, sometimes forgets to eat. Mogwai was his help- he made sure Ezra ate, would bathe him and just generally keep watch over him. Ezra had a habit of going outside, rain or shine, and laying down under a particular crabapple tree until the sun went down. I'm pretty sure he was waiting to die. I eventually made his final vet appointment.

After that, Mogwai searched for Ezra in his old spots to no avail, and eventually started waiting under that crabapple tree for Ezra to come back. After about 3 weeks of it, he came into the house, got in my lap and purred, then chattered while I pet him, and then got up and left forever. I like to think he's on a grand tour of the world now that he doesn't have to care for his ailing 'dad'. But then he'd be 25 now. :/
The same thing happened to my cat - [https://imgur.com/a/xm93G](https://imgur.com/a/xm93G)

He and my roommate loved each other so much, they'd stay up all night together in the dining room, eating and watching Netflix.
When we moved, the movers cleared all the furniture  early and so it was just us and the pets in an empty apartment for one night. One of our fat cats walked non-stop from room to room, looking everywhere and meowing piteously. 

Then he sat like OP’s cat, smack in the center of my closet aka his favorite “room”, and just cried allll night.

My heart broke, even though we were taking him with us and I knew he’d like the new place more. I felt kinda manipulated, feeling so sorry for this fatass who next day would forget all about it in his nice shiny new apartment. 
My name is Pepe  
I am good kitty  
our roommate moved  
To different city  
To her presence  
I was complacent  
But now her room is  
Completely vacant  
Pepe is lonely  
Pepe does miss her  
More than roommate  
Almost like sister  
FeelsBadMan
[deleted]
PepeHands
Why yes, yes I am crying
Like others, reminds me of my cat who died not too long ago.  Our other cat (her daughter) now meows up a storm at night looking for her, and now she sleeps in her mother's favorite spot every night. 😢
Plot twist, Your cat thought your roommate was his human and is now sad about being abandoned.
Pepe is thinking, "If I close my eyes and swish my tail, and I say over and over "I will not shed, I will not shed," maybe she will return.
I think he's just getting an eye for the room and wondering how you will arrange all of the cat furniture you're now planning to buy him.

P.S.  My cat is also named Pepe :-)
I dont mean to make this completely sad, but when I was younger we had two cats. A older female called Squeak which was my mums cat, and a younger boy called Otty which was like the 'kids' cat. Otty was just a big floofball and would go to anyone who would give him scratches, but Squeak only really liked my mum, she would tolerate others but I never really remember her as affectionate, she would always sit and cuddle with my mum though. Unfortunately she was diagnosed with melanoma and passed away 12 months later.

Though I cant be 100% certain now, its almost most like the day after she died, Squeak starting pining on the landing outside my parents room and never really stopped until we had to put her down a couple of years later. She'd never made that kind of noise before either, in 9 or 10 years of having her I'd never heard her make it once, yet after mum passed she would just wander the halls or in whichever room she was and would just let out that cry. Even though we dont have much of a way of asking or communicating with animals, its tough to know how they respond to loss. Maybe some just think that people have gone away on holiday and will be back sometime but never come, maybe others are more aware of the finality. Its all pretty sad but we're so blessed to have these creatures walk through life with us. I think a awful lot of us would be pretty lost without them.
My 18 month old (human) daughter is does the same thing every morning ... she keeps looking for my cat Robot who passed the day before Christmas.  Robot was a beautiful bombay & my best friend of 13 years.  Robot loved my baby girl and my baby girl loved her back ... I lose it every morning my daughter goes to Robot's spot, points, looks at me and says "meow"  :(   
Have spent an hour on this post reading every comment while crying. I miss you Jenny I miss you, and I wish I’d spent more time with you at the end. I think about you a lot. I love you
We had an older cat that liked a particular spot on our couch and would spend most of her day there. We had another cat that was 14 years younger and for a time wanted that spot but damn she defended it and hissed at him for the 10 years they lived together with us if he even looked like he was considering taking it.

When she finally passed at 24 years old he avoided that spot and didn't even try to take it even though he regularly checked if she was there. He died within 6 months of her from an extremely aggressive pancreatic cancer.

I miss my cats. 
Looks more like he wants those blinds opened in his new sun room.
This hit home hard, right in the feels. Similar story happen to our cat (Summer of 1996) when we were ready to move out from a house, he just disappeared 2 days prior to the move and we've never seen him again. He knew we were leaving and he loved that house...never had a chance to say goodbye to him....now, you're crying.
We don't always pick our pets. They pick us. Kitty will probably grieve a bit over the 'loss' of his/her friend. Cats do grieve because I have seen it more than once. Best thing is to have the ex roommate visit. 
Got my cat from my best friend that reared her because she was a lone new born found without a mother. Any time he visits to hang she still recognizes him but ultimately got over him. 
This reminds me of a picture my Mom sent me after I left home. Our family dog (an awesome West Highland Terrier) and I were really close and he missed me a ton. So much so that he would go into my old room and nuzzle into clothes I had left behind. The picture she took was of him sitting on my bed with his head resting on an old shirt, looking very sad. It is a bittersweet picture, especially now that he is no longer with us. I still miss him to this day and I keep a lock of his hair next to the picture in my apartment. 
I got on Reddit to distract me from crying because I just moved out my Moms house and me and my mom had been fighting over weeks because I wanted to take my cat (I brought her home on my birthday, she was always with me, slept in my room every night, always laying ontop of my chest and following my every step, she is without doubt my cat) and I finally just couldn’t stand arguing anymore. So my cat is at my parents house and I’ve cried every night since I moved out because I miss my cat so fucking much. Me and my mom had just gotten into another argument about her, so ofcourse I was crying. I thought “oh well I’ll get on Reddit maybe it’ll distract me enough to stop crying for a little bit” and this would be the very first post. I am now a slobbering mess and my heart is broken. I miss my cat. 
The cat's sitting there thinking, "She took my stuff."
FeelsSadMan

feelsbadman :'(
Am roommates friend, can confirm. Also, [Pepe is awesome](https://i.imgur.com/giPAwIq.jpg).
Ah man. My mom has a pit bull. When I moved out at 20 and moved to South Korea, she was about 4 or 5. Mom said she would sit at my old bedroom door just audibly sobbing for hours on end. Mom would have to shut her inside her bedroom at night to keep her from going and scratching at my old door. It was so sad to hear about and it made my mom so much more upset. I came back after two years and when I walked in she jumped off the back of the couch so fast and jumped into my arms (she’s 100lbs and I’m like 100lbs) so fast and hard she knocked me to the ground. It was all good though, so much fucking love. 
The rarest (and cutest) of pepes
[My eyes are just a little sweaty today.](https://youtu.be/-pVT_mvvZLo) 
the cat is just admiring it's new comfortably empty room.
Cat actually thinking:  mine, all mine now.  
I got a cat a few years back. love of my life. then I developed cat allergies, but I didnt care and continued to look after her.. now she is with my family as I move a lot. cats are such lovable companions
My boyfriend moved out of his parents house and in with me, leaving behind his cat. His parents place is only a couple miles away and she's an older cat set in her ways so stressing her with a move didn't make sense. 

He goes home several times a week to see her and help his parents with things. I always get a snap chat of kitty sitting at his old bedroom door looking FURIOUS. Like "where have you been!? It's nap time, idiot." 

Cracks me up. 
The last roommate I had was a complete price of shit. We both had small dogs. But her dog was annoying and would pee on all my belongings. He was ill behaved but not because he was a bad dog. His owner just didn’t care about him unless she wanted attention. This made our relationship even worse. Her lack of discipline and utter disregard for his well being irked me. 

After an extremely shit winter with this lady I decided to move out. She had an accident while I was away and “lost my dog”. She didn’t come home for at least 3 weeks and I ended up still taking care of her dog while I moved out. On my final day this little bugger was just watching me move my stuff into my car, little by little. 

I thought he was barking at me because I was moving what he thought were “his” belongings (as he had marked on anything he could reach, including my pup). I just kept packing my stuff. It started to dawn on him that I was leaving. He would run into my room, and then run after me. Run into my room and grab stuff then hide them in his crate. 

It was annoying at first, then I realized he figured out I was leaving. It broke my heart. He was full on howling by the time I left. I was crying too. Telling him to go back inside. It was like one of those movies where the kid is like telling the dog to leave him alone and the dogs too dumb and loving to follow the command. 

It’s one of the worst memories I have from the past year. And one of the reasons I really can’t forgive my ex roommate. Losing my dog was the ultimate betrayal, but also missing that little guy still hurts too. 

Fuck. 

My girlfriend is going to see this at some point and start crying or at least shed some good tears. 
She gets really emotional in regards to these sort of pictures with animals.
Part of the reason why I kind of wish I hadn’t introduced her to Reddit, as these things really affect her emotionally to the point of being very upset. Not necessarily all the time but particularly sad photos such as these will invoke these emotions. 
I absolutely love her to death and if one such as herself has a shitty day from whatever circumstance pictures like these do not help in that regard, however she’s that way due to the sheer love and compassion she has for them as I’m sure people can relate to that.
The cats black too which makes it worse. Black animals are her favourite. 

Please love your cat and give them lots of treats for us, hopefully they can visit your old roommate! 
That’s a rare Pepe.
Pepe did nothing wrong. 
are you guys still on good terms? You could always take Pepe to visit.
This reminds me of when one of my sugar gliders passed away, one of her cage mates was frantically searching for her for days and visibly distressed by her absence. Was the most heartbreaking thing I've ever witnessed. I knew sugar gliders could feel as they absolutely need friends of their own species to be with or they can super depressed and mutilate themselves, sometimes dying of loneliness. But I had no idea that they were capable of legit having a panic attack over a friend they are missing. He was searching everywhere and making pained noises that indicated pain/distress that I've only heard him do once before [he got his head stuck under a door once and he made a similar noise when I got him free, it must have hurt :C .

But yeah, animals are capable of grieving on a similar level as us.
Naw, my cat does this all the time. The second you get up he steals your spot.
My parents split when I was young. One of my cats, Kole, still really likes my dad even though she's with my mom. When my dad would drop us off at her house before we could drive, Kole would run up to the door and greet him. When I get home she still sometimes comes to the door expecting him, and she will desperately try to get into the garage and constantly paws at the door, like she thinks he lives in there and wants to see him. 
well it appears to be raining on my face at work again. 

please post more photos of Pepe, and maybe roommate and pepe?  thank you in advance!  OP pls deliver. 
[deleted]
Have you considered adopting your roomie?
This is how my old roommate's cats were when I left and how I'm guessing my current roommate's cat is going to be when I move out :(
I think the cat is actually thinking...  finally, all of this is mine.
I did not come here to cry today, you buttholes. 
This poor kitty. Seeing the boxes, but only assuming they were for sitting. Then walking into her servants room for morning praise... empty.. gone.. not even a note. No morning praise. Just sitting in confusion. Be strong kitty. Be strong. 
Shadilay friend.  May you and your cat find peace in this time of transition.
When my giant orange barn cat died I kept forgetting while I was doing chores in the morning. I would call him and then think oh yeah. He was my buddy and lived 13 or 14 years.
When the German Shepherd we had before the one we have now passed away, my cat used to go looking for him.  She'd go to my mom's room, where his crate was, and just kinda stare and wait for him to show up.

They weren't always friends.  He was maybe 4 or 5 years old when she showed up in our yard as a stray, and she was maybe 6 or so months old then.  He was still energetic enough to annoy her.  In his later years, they would sit together and she'd give him kisses. 

I think she does like the Shepherd we have now, but I worry they won't really get along until the dog is a senior... :(
My cousin said her cat did this after she moved out of the apartment we shared. She was a mostly indoor cat and she said that she cried mostly at the front door looking for me at the new apartment. She hated that cat and didn't look for her when she ran off one day. I begged her to leave her with me but she didn't because of my dogs. I'll always miss that cat. 
When our dog, Titus, passed, our cat, Ollie, would hang out at his feeding area for hours. When the day finally came that we had the strength to remove the bowls and mat, Ollie was there to witness and he let out a terrible scream. It was just as heartbreaking as the death. 
I had to put my cat down last night after being my friend for 11 years
"Look at all the room for activities!!!"

~ Pepe, probably.
Please tell me it's all going to be ok OP. 
I'm not crying... im just sweating from my eyes
Crap, one of my feeders is gone.
-Cat
-
Omg ... My... Heart... Is... Breaking! 💔
Makes me a bit sad too.

I used to live with a couple of roommates and one owned a cat.
She was special. I miss her.

The friendship with my roommates may have ended badly, but I will always remember that cat.
My bf’s cat is obsessed with me and sleeps in my room. I was actually considering breaking up at one point because the relationship just wasn’t going well (and isn’t again actually 😬), but the cat was a big reason why I stayed in it. I couldn’t leave him 😿
Looks like they are extra sad if they aren't trying to sit on the slivers of sun.
This thread is dangerously close to giving me Fry's Dog syndrome. :/
Pepe you say?
My cat used to do that too when my housemate moved out.  Except he would go in there and howl.
I had to stop reading these comments. My heart is breaking.
The room is finally mine now!
I mean you’re not wrong. I’m definitely crying. 
This is why I've instructed my husband to show our dog my body if I die first. I don't want him waiting around :(
pepe: i am sorry i knocked that cup off your dresser. i didnt think you would leave me.
I took a cat off the streets last year around May after our house cat died. After a week of letting her sleep in my room, I trained her to sleep in the living room once she got used to the house but she still loves my room the most.

I went to live in a different city last summer and every time I come back home twice a month, she'd come bounding out to greet me home and stay inside my room so I let her and often times, I'd wake up to her sleeping next to me on the bed. My aunt actually found her sleeping on my pillows the first time I went away. So my aunt took to locking my door since she keep finding her way inside.

Anyway, she gave birth to her first kittens 2 weeks ago, a week before I visited. Usually, cats hide their young somewhere dark and away from busy places in the house but nope, not her. According to my aunt, after giving birth, she relocated her 3 kittens just outside my door. My aunt tried to move them someplace else but she kept bringing them back. My aunt finally relented and put a box and an old shirt in front of my door for her and her kittens to camp out. 

So I came home a week later with 3 kittens in front of my room. And yeah, she sneaked onto my bed next to me still. 

Love her to bits.
Plot twist.  The cat didn't love the roommate, just the room.  Cat is now SUUUPER happy.
If it makes you feel better you can think of it as the cat just seeing the room as an empty box, and per the If I Fits, I Sits Theorem of Cat Living, Pepe decided to sits
Reminds me of when I was leaving college I was one of the first people to leave my college house. With everything packed in the truck, I was waiting for my landlord to come do a walk through so he won' screw me over on my deposit. 


Sure enough, the house cats decided to sit in my empty room and stare at me. I miss those kitties. 
This reminds me of my boyfriend and his dog that he had since he was a kid. Its his parents dog so when we moved in together a few months ago he had to leave her behind. The first few weeks she sat in front of the window every day at 5 o’clock (when he usually came home) to wait for him. Shes beyond excited when we visit every wednesday. 
This reminds me of my highly social cat named Peeta. He loves people. He follows me around everywhere and just wants to be a best friend. When I have guys over to play cards I bring an extra chair for him so he can sit next to me. He just wants to be next to his best friend... 

With that said...my teenage son visits a few times a year and stays fo a few days to a few weeks. They get along extraordinarily well. When my son leaves he sleeps on his bed for days hoping he will come back. I can't even get him to leave his bed. 

Peeta is a very special cat. I don't know what I would do without my bestie.
An animal becomes more than a pet. They become a way of life, a part of our heart and soul. To lose them, and for them to lose us, rips a very piece of the other from them.

Our habits, and theirs to us, become such a way of life, and a way of love, that it breaks us, and we lose a piece of who we are.

But, take solace in the fact that for every animal’s life you’ve touched, for no matter how long, you’ve truly given them everything you have, and they have always done the same for you.

So, hug your animal, because they are more than just a pet, they are your family. Because nothing can touch your life like family.
My last roommate before I moved had an Australian cattle dog who I got way too attached to. I spent more time with her than he did and she would spend most of her time sleeping with me or cuddled with me on the couch. When I moved he sent me a video of her going to my room expecting to see me and her just looking back all confused.

Shit now I'm sad.
I’m not crying....

It’s just been raining......


On my face. 
Or, maybe she hated her and is taking a shit in her room.
I also have a cat named Pepe.
Take pic of cat in empty room, make up story, reap karma
"REEEEEEEEE" - your cat, probably
This seriously hurts 😢 i live in a place where I cant have my babies and I miss them so terribly. Soon I'll have my little loves back but it breaks my heart thinking about stuff like this, poor babes don't even understand why we're gone. 
<CTRL-F> Rare

Nothin.
[deleted]
First pet I see with my nickname , give pepe some pats for me!
It’s nothing to do with the blinds being closed & the sun spot being covered ;)
He’s probably just concerned that the house is now less full of things for him to knock over.
When I was younger, our cat, Sky, gave birth to 4 kittens. We kept one named George. For 3 years, when they were in seperate parts of the house, one would meow and the other would come running within seconds.
Shortly after George's 3 rd birthday, Sky was killed by a neighborhood dog. It was super traumatic, but thankfully George wasn't there to witness the gruesome scene. 
For the next ten or so years, George would walk around the house meowing for his mother and best friend, but to no avail. It broke my heart every time he couldnt find her. 
He eventually stopped meowing for her after a decade and grew old and died peacefully from natural causes at the ripe age of 19. RIP George. Youre with your mommy now.
I love your cats name
/r/titlegore 
REEEEEEEE
Cats like to explore areas that are normally not accessible to them. Not to be a downer, but your cat might not actually miss your old roomie 
People always talk about how a lot of cats don't care when people come and go, but I am glad my cat actually misses me when I leave for a few hours. When I have to leave town, my landlord tells me how she can hear my cat meow for me because I am supposed to be home by now... XD
;(
Open the shades and let Pepe enjoy the sunlight while mourning.
I used to be the person my former roommate's cat loved the most. Then she moved in with her then boyfriend and the cat got separation anxiety and didn't get along with his animals. She ended up having to give it to her dad because I wasn't in a position to take the cat.
OP needs to get off Reddit and hug that cat!
Aww my heart just broke in a million pieces. Poor Pepe. 😭
A tear for Pepe today
Please give 1 pet from me to pepe :)
Awww.  I used to have two cats, one was a little gal I got at a pet shop, and the other was a rescue.  I moved them in to a new apartment with a roommate that was my best friend in college.  He didn't care for the girl cat, but he and the rescue just ended up with this weird perfect human/cat bond.  They both chilled out all day playing video games and the cat wasn't allowed in his room so he would just chill out next to the door, cry for a little and eventually go to sleep at the door waiting for the roommate to wake up.  

When it was finally time for our lease to come to an end and the roommate was going to move back to his home town I straight up sat down and told him that I love my cat, but I think they got along so well that it would probably break the cat's little heart for him to move away and asked if he would be interested in adopting and taking care of the cat.  He was pretty excited at the idea and I kinda figured that would be the case.  I would have kept my little rescue buddy and taken care of him for the rest of his life, but it feels good to know that a cat and a person found this great friendship.  

Cheddar, I miss you buddy, but I know you're in good hands. I still have the girl cat, she was my very first cat.  And now she has a little sister who is a rescue.  
My grandma’s name is Pepe.
This is **so sad**
You’re right, I am crying.
Yeah there should be a warning.. Oh wait it says I'm crying.. 
If anything, maybe your cat is in love with that room
I didn't realize you could dye your pets with Vanta Black
My cat apparently would run into my bedroom every morning to see if I was there, and wait on the stairs when I would usually come home. I had moved out to go to university. I barely got to visit and then suddenly he died. I miss him dearly. Please hug Pepe for me. 
"...my room now..."
https://youtu.be/Ped1jYLFtkA
I think cats can sense things.

He is a story.  It's a little dark, bare with me.

So, I worked for the Parks dept, it offered housing for seasonal and Law Enforcement positions.  Most of the time, housing will be somewhat secluded, in the woods with no close neighbors, maybe no internet and rainy/depressing 8 months out of the year.

So, my brother lived in a little apartment off of a workshop, in one of the Parks.  I was working for parks at the time.  

Around 4-5 months before my brother moved to the park, I remember reading an agency email welcoming a new ranger to the park and that he and his wife recently had a child.

After 2 months, there was another agency email, stating that that same ranger was moving to another park, with mention that his wife had passed away.

I overheard talking amongst some rangers that she had suffered from post-pardum depression, that she shot herself while her husband was at training.

Flash forward a few months.  We are doing our usual weekly fire-and-beer meet up.  We are out walking the park in pitch black, with a flash light.  We come across a small memorial.  By all accounts, it looked new.  There is no way we should have stumbled across it.  This reminded me about events a couple months prior.

I tell my brother the story and  My brother mentions that he sometimes house-sits for the new ranger when she goes out of town.  He said it was strange, because the person he house sits for has a cat. Apparently it would sit in one spot of the house and stare at the wall.

He said that he thought the drywall looked new, the paint didn't quite match (house was built in the 70s and not updated) and there was different carpet in the hallway.  We suspect this is where the woman took her life and the cat could sense this.

It was a bit eerie.


The cat is stoked that it's getting prime sun bathing carpet. In the picture it was wishing that the blinds were open.
When Pepe uses the litter box, do you call her/him Pepe Le Pew?
If he's outside, my cat runs up to greet my boyfriend and I whenever we drive up. I've dubbed him "Hachicat" because of it. 

He's the second best dog I've ever owned.
Rational / non nostalgia self: the cat's routine is disrupted.

Feeling / experienced self: so cats are just selfish and unemotional assholes who don't form bonds, amirite?!!
Feels bad man 
I had to leave my cat behind at my old house due to some shitty circumstances when I had to leave suddenly. I can't stand having to think of my little fluff there without me.. 
Being single after a long relationship.
So are you the guy suing Alex Jones?
Aww poor baby. 
Even though cats are considered “a**hole’s” they still care about you no matter what and it’s the sweetest thing ever but no OP you’re crying 
*wipes tears* 
That's sad. Poor thing.
Poor Pepe. :(
My first yellow lab lived to 12 and after I had him put to sleep I paid for a cremation at a pet cemetery and a nice wood box to put his ashes in.   Not too long ago I was going to spread his ashes in one of his old romping fields so I unscrewed the box and found what I think is a bag of cement dust.  (Dark grey and almost powder).    I’m upset and feel scammed.   My poor dog probably ended up in a landfill.   Makes me sick thinking about it.   
Noooooooo, Pepe!
Stupid cat

edit: With it's stupid face and it's stupid whiskers on it's stupid face
My old roommates cat used to love me and apparently got really depressed after I left. Unfortunately I moved a few states away so I couldn't visit my old roommate/friend/her cat much. When I finally saw the cat after a year or so it absolutely *hated* me. Cats are so petty. Still love the fat bastard though. 
Now I have no one to be annoyed at...
Do Americans say roommate and not flat mate? 
Pepe is actually thinking, ooh, a room to myself! I can put the litter box over here, my bed over there...
Who put these onions here?
You see a cat that's missing a roommate.

I see a cat rejoicing in the spoils of war.
Cat: "Man, so glad she's gone. Look at all this sweet space."
My hearrtt💔💔💔💔😭😭😭😭
Poor dude. Hope he gets over them soon. :(
Bet the roomie will see this post and move back in
Ooooh no. Your cat isn’t sad for your roommate, if anything they’re happy. It’s their room now. The cat owns it. 
"Finally, a proper space for my carpet rolling around times."
Awwww, poor kitter. Whoever claims cats have no soul or the like has never been loved by one. 
Cats have feelings. 
I'm not crying, maybe I'm developing an allergy to cats or broken hearts
bring back the roomie
“Where is my human???”
You’ll think back on that little companion later on in your life like you would and old friend that you haven’t spoken to in a long time. Wondering what it’s been doing and shit and hoping to be with each other again.

I’m high as shit.
I currentlt live with roommates who are not great pet owners (they only pay attention to the cats when they want to) but they provide for them well enough. The one cat when we moved in was terrified of everything. She doesnt like people and is quite skittish. Over the last 2.5 years i have spent countless hours with this cat and getting her to trust me and relax when im around. She greets me at the door when i come home, and hangs out with me while i get ready in the mornings. She'll sleep curled up on my chest while i play games or nap and has become a total sweetheart. But she only does this with me and my girlfriend, and everytime our roommates see this type of behaviour their response is "thats so wierd shes never like that" because the cat doesnt like them because they ignore her unless they want to play with her.  im moving out in a few months and it kills me that i cant tell her whats going to happen and that ill be gone. This hits right in the feels OP give your kitty some pets and a treat for me :(
This is so sad
I have a cat which we nicknamed “pepe” and she looks exactly like your cat, damn
When I had to move out of my last place, my roommates cats did this. They'd plop down in front of my old door and just... wait.

Someone else moved in after me, and the cats are OK again. Now I wonder if they miss me at all.
I think the cat just got busted playing hopscotch. 
poor keecat!
This is the saddest freaking thing I’ve seen in a long time. 
Haha reminds me when I moved out from my parent's house.  We moved all my room's furniture to my house leaving my old room empty so the first night in my new house I got my parents to keep the cat for a few days so I can get a chance to settle things in my house.   Next morning I get a call from my parents "We're going to drop off the cat".   My cat spent the entire night in my empty room meowing and they didn't sleep that night. lol. 
Why’d you gotta go and ruin my evening like that?
" hello darkness my old friend " 
"This is my room now" 
He's not sad, he's just planning where his cat furniture will go in his new room.
This made me cry because I had a cat named pepe, but he died 3 days ago.
Your poor cat probably thinks that your room mate has died :-(


My cat has cancer.. I know we're going to have to put her down in the next day or so...  I'm really not looking forward to this..
“I finally get the room to myself and they take my bed away. Stupid humans!”
Even years after my cat died, my dog would respond with anticipation to hearing the cat's name.
Feels bad man
Why would this make you cry?
[Relevant meme for a relevant name](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/883/622/d2e.png)
This is a photo worthy of some kind of prize, the comment just makes it even better.
I'm not crying, it's just been raining.... On my face
On the lighter side, does anyone else think it looks like the cat has parked in a miniature parking space?
Dont kid yourself the cat counts this as a victory. He is planning where he is putting his furniture in his new room and the grow lights for his "cat nip".
Whelp, I'm putting down the beer and heading home for the kitties. I'm not crying,  it's just raining
My little guy gets really upset when I’m getting ready to go to work, he meows and paws at me. When I get home he gets so excited! Cats are so special ❤️
Those little sweet things are the best.They are lovely in appearance and beautiful in their hearts.Even though they do not speak a language ,but they do get your emotion.and they love you.I once had one dog just like this cat,I just miss him right now...
https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/84nz9p/comment/dvrzln0?st=JETXCSQV&sh=65366504
That’s a powerful picture. Just looking at it reminds me of the losses in my life. Poor cat.
I had a dog that once was doing the same for a long time, when I had a roomie moving out. That was the way I found out, that mayby my dog liked my roomie more than me. Hard lesson but after that I spend more time with my dog.
Yes this belongs to me now
This actually made me cry... Is Pepe doing better now, OP?
LOOK AT ALL THIS SPACE FOR ACTIVITIES!
When my ex and I split, the reason I changed my decision to let her have all three cats was because she reported that the old, recently adopted stray was sitting in the middle of my empty office and calling for me at the most ungodly hours  - so would I *please* come and take him.

The sudden transition to a new and very different living space seemed to mean fuck all to him; he spent the remainder of his days as my cuddle-buddy, and died a relaxed and contented cat.

Don't tell *me* that cats "just aren't into you".
You got me. I’m totally crying. 
I had to leave my cat with my parents once. I visited her a lot but I felt horrible leaving each time. Me and my kitty were never close, I was her third owner, she was old and just tolerated me for food. But when I came back for her...

I came back for her and she had to live outside for awhile but I would run out and fight the mean neighbor cats for her at 3 in the morning (she has no front claws from a previous owner declawing her) Between bringing her back to my home and protecting her we finally bonded after years of ownership and now she is so cuddly its unbelievable.  There was an actual change in her personality. 

Cats are amazing.
As a kid we adopted a cat from my brother who couldnt care for here anymore. Her name was Frommel.
One day he ran away because she wasnt used to our home yet. I was devistated by it. I prayed for 6 weeks in the hope some miracle would happen with the help from above. Everyday i was crying for the loss but i kept praying. I think i was about 8 years of age. One day i came home and there she was. Really skinny and with ticks all over her body. We brought her to the vetinary and took care of here. We al lived long and happy together and i was so thankfull about it. That moment i was for a fully 100% sure my prayers were heard. 
[deleted]
I'm not crying, why would you say that
Cat: “Day 647. My persistent affection and being cute worked. I have annoyed the foster pet to the point they finally left. The room is all mine now.”
I'm sad now.... 
I like cats.
I like cats.
💔
Pepe is such an awesome name!
[deleted]
I think pepe just wants to make that room great again. 
Fabricated backstory for karma.
Are you fucking BuzzFeed with that title.
:(
Ming Lao?
I wonder if your cat thought that she belonged to your room mate ....
Pepe left a super clean room 
Finally got her room back
Oh hunni
Give kitty a good chin scratch for me. :(
Pee-pee or pep-ay? 
Q.Q
Awwww, the poor sweetie. 
I’d move out too if I had to sleep in a closet. 
nooooooo :(
How dare you spring Fry's cat on me without warning. How dare you.
[we’re beefing..](https://media1.tenor.com/images/cb711bdb3a2b302e0be50d32a1d5ba44/tenor.gif?itemid=3560421) 
no u
O how sweet but sad :( cats have feelings too!!
okay wow this makes me sad as fuck.
I think your cat has decided that room is now his. 
This one hits close to him :/
Awe, man...
Holy shit that room looks familiar as fuck. Was this taken in Santa Barbara?
Well now she HAS to move back in. 
Aww. My cat does this after my sister visits from out of town.
I want to give Pepe a hug... 🙁
"Looks like one of my pets ran away. Guess I better make some fliers and post them around the neighborhood."
Nahh, he's just thinking about how he'll get the other human to move out next.
Are you sure the cat doesn't just want you to open the blinds a bit to stretch out in the sun?
Working hard or hardly working?
"I shouldn't have screwed her best friend.  I should have been more thoughtful towards others' feelings.   ...  What have I done?" 
Now you know what it feels like Kitty.

When I was a kid we had some cats who ran away. It sucked.
I've been told by my parents that every time I come to visit my childhood cat wanders the house howling, looking for me after I leave :(
Oh no! T_T
Awe, I still miss the dogs of most of my ex’s that always hit me pretty hard after a breakup, it was like losing a pet of my own (almost).
That is a tiny room. Is that supposed to be a bedroom or an office?
My cat did this for 3 whole days when my flat mate moved out. It was simply bad.
That looks EXACTLY like the apartment I moved out of last year. From carpet to room set up to door knob. I don’t want specifics but are you from Citrus Heights California? 
Look at all this space for activities!!!
These threads.. They are constructed purely out of onions.. I have to work tonight I can't take this
Your old roomie left that room so clean! Good for her, but poor Pepe 
...what rain?
Now you just have to figure out how to get her back using this greentext

https://www.reddit.com/r/greentext/comments/8497u8/anon_regains_geeef/
I'm spending a month away from home and my wife told me my cat is sleeping at the top of the stairs waiting for me to come home every day... =(
When my sister went to college, my dogs go upstairs to lay down on her bed. ;-; 
Basking in her sent. We've all been there Pepe. When your girl leaves and you can still smell traces of here essence days after she left. Don't worry Pepe. A new person will come into your life. Plus your owner is your #1 best friend.  Could never replace them. 
If you guys move back in together is that the college equivalent to staying together for the kids?
All that cat is thinking is “so much room for activities!”
Poor baby kitty!!! They need cuddle loves!!
Pepe's just trying to figure out how he's going to redecorate with all his stuff...
😢
My cat did this but, I'm pretty sure he was just claiming the room as his own.
I can't believe Pepe decided to move out
Awww, we've been going through the same thing with one of our dogs and one of our cats ever since my son's gf moved back home with her parents. Both of them just stand at her door when it's closed and when the door is open, they both just lay on her old bed and wait for someone that isn't coming back.
I feel that dark, bottomless pit feeling in the bottom of my heart from this picture and the description. 
Too many sad stories
"One down, one more to go..."
Did you send this to her? I hope she visits Pepe soon :-(
Poor sweet Pepe.  Any chance he'll ever see her again? 
My mum went on vacation for 2 weeks and my cat thinks she's dead.
Make her move back.  NOW.
Why?!?!?!  40 year old dude and my face is full of onions right now


Roommate and I raised a dog together. I moved out and he kept the dog. The day after I moved and the dog noticed I was gone, he stopped eating for a couple days :( 
Reading the comments is really making me depressed... 

As a kid my family moved from our farm and into the city. I was forced to leave my cat behind. I heard he stuck around for a while then disappeared. 


That's kinda creepy
sadpepe.jpg
I could only wish someone missed me this much
Is that why you kicked out roommate ? Cat envy
Skadoodle's not crying, I am
Skadaddy
https://goo.gl/images/zfViBQ
Feels bad man :(
r/VixensofReddit/
I went into a 9 month substance abuse rehabilitation program when I was 16. Up to that point, my dog had shared my bed with me every single night. My mom says while I was away, she never left my room. She'd sleep in her spot at the end of the bed each night and cry if someone closed the door and she couldn't get in. When the school bus (I was only a sophomore in high school at the time) would come to drop kids off, she'd wait by the door hoping I'd be coming in. 

The day I came home, you could tell that she was in disbelief and I definitely broke her trust a bit by leaving. But 7 years later and she hasn't had a lonely bed since! 
Aww. That’s sweet. I think my goal in life is to be the type of person a cat would miss. Your roommate had to have been an excellent person. 
If Pepe is at all like me, right now he's thinking "This was the room, wasn't it? I'd swear this was her room, but now I'm not sure. I don't want to ask and look like an idiot, so I'll just sit here." 
"Now that the filthy human has left, how will I use this space to my greatest benefit?"
Turn back friends, this thread is nothing but sadness.
♫"In a white room. With no curtains..."♪
*So much more room for activities!*
i’m having such an emotional day and this made me tear up 
looks like a closet.
Actually, I'm not crying.
Wow. That’s heartbreaking. Poor kitty.
Why would you do this. Why would you drag us down into this pit of sadness?
My roommate was hospitalized for two months last year. One of my cats is very attached to him. She slept on his bed every day he was gone. 
Looks like it was her cat. 
You’re not crying...it’s just been raining....








On your face.
This picture reminds me of one of my favourite songs.  [The Weakerthans - Virtute the Cat Explains Her Departure](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gnmcw6kJ2HQ).

>I remember the way I would wait for you

>To arrive with kibble and a box full of beer

>How I'd scratch the empties desperate to hear

>You make the sound that you found for me

--

>After scrapping with the ferals and the tabby

>I'd let you brush my matted fur

>How I'd knead into your chest while you were sleeping

>Shallow breathing made me purr

--

>But I can't remember the sound that you found for me

>I can't remember the sound that you found for me

>I can't remember the sound


:'-(
Pepe moved out or your roomie moved out?
THERE IS NO PEPE IN HR!
These stories are breaking my heart
He's named Pepe, yet he's not a frog...😲
Feelsbadman
My dog is called Pepé. He would be this sad. 
So like. Are you looking for a roomie? Does Pepe need a new friend?! Plz respond.
They once were one but now they're two
If Pepe is like my cats, he's just planning where the back scratcher goes and where to put his bed.
My disabled rescue cat was extra friendly last night after two days away.

She normally does the regular "HOLY SHIT ITS 1AM TIME TO BE INSANE" routine, but last night she came to bed right away and laid her head on top of my hand. 

<3
Is your cat’s last name Silvia?
Nah it's just raining.
There’s a message in the light stream from the Nth dimension and only the felines of our realm can understand it.
^you^named^your^cat^pepe
i wanna hug pepe
Maybe he’s trying to figure out what new furniture he wants to put in the space 
I'd like to believe that my boy Pepper would be sitting like this somewhere waiting for me just as he once did in life
Un gato que se llama Pepe lol fucking adorable shit right there 
I am sending <3 to the cat :)
that looks like a nice carpet 
You're right... I am crying 
Did you make this cat after a certain frog per chance 
Same thing happened with my first dog when I moved out. My brother would tell me she would be sleeping in my empty room, which she never really did before.
As a grown man, I really cannot deal with these sad stories man :(
feelsbadman
Press F for respects 
Alright Pepe, moving up in the world. Has she moved far? I'm sure you can still go visit.
[This reminds me of a little something somehow...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=APSEYn7CqzQ)
Look at all that space! I wonder what I put in this left corner... 
Joke's on you, she's just trying to get some sun (but the blinds are closed). 
I need to know what happened after. Did you send this to your ex roomie? What was her reaction?
This is art
THIS! I live with my sister who has been in and out of hospital the past two years and everytime she would go in it would be for weeks on end. Her cat sits out the front of her bedroom door clawing at it or waiting for it to open.

Animals know. 
this is a cat. Theres a 75% chance it's thinking.
"Mine.....All mine. New blinds and carpet maybe?"
If...it...takes for-meow-ver...I will wait for meouuuwwww 
I thought Pepe was a frog.....
Uh, he’s just wondering where the sunshine is. 
Feelsbadman
Fuck man...
So I go to the room and look for Carol in HR. "CAROL?!? CAROL?!?!", but she's not there - no one is! 
Dis box all mine now!
the worst part of the breakup is no longer seeing the animal... i miss you, puppy that lived in d place. 
But really... I'm not crying. 
She looks just exactly like my cat Nebula. I could see her doing this if I kicked my room mate/ wife out....
Sadddd
Ska ;(
I had to put one of my dogs down recently and we kept his collar on our TV stand and my mom picked it up making the tags jungle in a familiar way and I shivered because the sound made me sad then my living dog ran in to the living room where my mom was and looked at the collar then she ran around the entire house and back yard looking for her old friend. I got her up on my bed and layed with her for a while crying.
Actually, I believe Pepe is crying
Gone away for training and my parents had to leave my cat with the SPCA because they could no longer keep her with their rental plans.. it’s been a rough day 😭
I have a black cat named Pepe too!! Small world :) https://i.imgur.com/K9vm7v3.jpg
This made me actually tear up :( :( I hope they get to visit soon :( 
I live with my ex boyfriend (ex as of two days ago) and the hardest part of me moving out is going to be leaving our dog behind with him. I don’t know how to handle it and am more upset about that than the breakup. 
My partner and I left his parents place about   nine months ago, and his cat started off just looking for us for a couple months, demanding the door stay open so he can go in and check every day. Then he went into a depression over our departure. But now he goes in there and starts singing, and it brings a smile to face while simultaneously breaking my heart. 

We try to webcam with him but I don't think he really enjoys us being in a screen :/
F E E L S
B A D
M A N


But seriously though, you should have your roommate bring an old shirt or something and leave it there. I’ve done that with animals before, and if you don’t wash it,  they can still smell the person on it, and will lay on it. Might be a good idea, but I don’t know.
Actually, Pepe is crying :(
The cat is just messing with you and wanting you to open those blinds so it has a sunbeam to lay in.

source:  my cats
 I also have a black cat named Pepe! Precious!
Dude, where is my hooman?
The cat is thinking "cool, I get my own room meow"
Why is the cat's name Pepe
I’m not crying either. 
I wish I had a roommate who left the room that clean. Ever. 
Isn’t Pepe a frog?
I can't read these comments anymore. There's too many onions in the room. My house panther just turned 12. I can't even think about a day without him. Leaving work early now. 
This is really sad man :'(
Open the shade, yo cat love da sun
You're crying too! 
No I'm not, I told you it would die one day.
Shut up! You're crying too!
I liked this human. I demanded she stayed, and yet she left. This is most disturbing. 
Have your exroommate leave you an unwashed shirt and leave it in the spot on the floor with plenty of sun. 
The "aww" I made wasn't happy this time
Nah... Kitty is like "Hey... can someone open these blinds so I can have all the sun?"
His name is Pepe lmfao great name
Maybe pepe feels the mission is accomplished.
Serious question! Is your whole apartment carpeted and have you had any issues with your cat messing up the carpet? Trying to convince my landlord to let me get a cat, and the place place is carpeted :(
When my cat died we buried her under her favorite tree that hung low over the ground and made a little cat sized room out of the leaves hanging from it. My dog watched us bury her and she often sat under the tree afterwards but was too big, so her butt and head stuck out from under the leaves :,) 
:( I had adopted a 15 year old pittie from the pound and a 10 week old kitten within a few days of each other.  My other cat and dog were unenthused about a hyper kitten joining the house so avoided him.  Dozer was the sweetest most patient kitten nanny.  He'd wag his tail extra so Cypher could pounce and play until he was exhausted and then they'd sleep together.  Cypher would eat Dozer's food and drink out of the dog water bowl.  Dozer's health declined quickly just a few months in and I had to put him to sleep.  I keep collars/tags because I can't bury them in my backyard (Brooklyn) and I brought his home from the vet and hung them on a hook by the front door.  Cypher was obviously searching for his buddy and slept with me for the first time since he had been brought home, that night.  I came home from work the next day and Cypher is sitting by the front door, Dozer's collar on the ground next to him.  He's looking up at me and pushing the collar closer to me.  I sat on the floor, grabbed Cypher and hugged him while I fell to pieces for a while.  It has been a few years but Cypher still drinks out of the dog water bowl.
That's weird, I used to have a kitten named pepe but it hated everyone in the house ahaha
Aw man
I don't know *why* I went through the comments because now I'm crying in class and I'm gonna hug the hell out of my cat when I get home (even if he scratches me until I bleed)
My cat just sits/lies in the middle of any newly cleared spot on the carpet... so I'm very cynical when I look at this.
Awww so sweet and sooo sad.... I love animals 
Awwww.. ridiculous that this makes me teary. Sending hugs for your kitty! ♥
Well fuck now I am.
Tell the truth, you got caught cheating and she moved out and you got custody of the kid. 
My pregnant, hormonal self burst into tears the instant I saw this 😭😭😭😭
I had a cat and a dog. Cat hated dog. Dog died of old age. Cat became very happy and was socialising with humans more. We got another dog. Cat becomes depressed. Stops cleaning itself. Sits in the same corner all day everyday. Facing the corner.

She got better though. She hated the new dog as much as the old so technically nothing changed.
Aw there there. It’ll be alright Pepe. 
I used to live with my grandma for a while and her dog was a rescue dog my mom found as a puppy running around the streets. I helped clean her up and get all the ticks off her. She always loved me and I was one of the few males she wasnt afraid of. After I  moved out of my grandmas house my grandmother told me that every day she'd come back from her walk she'd run back to my old room and expect to find me there.          

she passed away recently, she had to be put down. she was old though and lived a good long puppy life. 
My friend had a staffie and it died of lungworms I felt super sorry for him he was crying all the way Through school

Feels bad man. :(
My favourite moments in this subreddit are the ones where I actually audibly make an "aww" sound. This was one of those moments 
Poor kitty. My Oreo passed away many moons ago and I still miss her.

It’s as sad as learning that baby groot is groots son as Groot died.
That’s so sad 😭
Cats don’t like it when slaves escape 
10 years or so ago I lived in a 3br house with 2 other people.  One of them (we'll refer to him as R1) had a cool as hell cat named Jameson.  Now, Jameson absolutely hated the other roommate (R2) and at first we didn't know why.  If R2 ever left the door to his room open, the cat would run in there and piss on his bed.  This happened several times and we found out later that R2 was very mean and abusive towards the cat, so Jameson's actions were certainly justifiable.  R2 moved out and I took over his room (bigger and had a private bathroom).  I was worried at first that Jameson would just continue his vendetta because he would just identify the room as a bad place, but it quickly became clear that Jameson just hated R2, because after I got all my stuff in there he would come in to the room all the time and chill with me (his owner, R1, was gone a lot of the time), and sit on the bed purring away while I was on my computer.
My family has had our cat, Princess, for 16 years, my sister and I grew up with this cat. When my sister got married and moved out, Princess would sit in what was my sister’s room and meow. She’s happier now that she’s adjusted to the change, and get really excited when my sister comes to visit 
Omg poor baby 
Omg I love Pepe 💕 I can just tell he’s the sweetest.
Does Pepe have some white on her face, like the same colouring as Looney Toon's Sylvester? My cats name is Pepe and she looks exactly like that from the back so I thought they could be twins! 
Cat starts singing: Look at this photograph....
I thought no sad content was allowed here, given how my post was remived several time because the title said I miss my dog from back home. 
Aww it's been almost a year since i lost my cat. The doc narrowed it down to heart failure, lung failure, or cancer. We kept having to drain fluid from that area of the chest and couldn't afford advanced treatments. They feel pain like we do. When he was put down he kept reaching for my hand with his little paw like he used to when we were playing. :(
"Why didn't she take me with her, now I'm stuck with that *other* human"
Now I need to go to r/Eyebleach .

Good job, /r/aww 
That’s so sad. :(
Pepeeeeeeeeeee
"What the heck is wrong with this sunbeam?"  --Pepe
She break up with you?
u/yogurt-ninja, pass the tissues!!!
Cat “why must all those I love leave me! I must ponder the thoughts of the universe.”
When I moved out of my old apartment, my roomie stayed, and his cat would hang out in my old room a lot. 

And that cat HATED me. 

So, take that for what it is....
AWWWWHHH NOOOOO
This makes me sad. I had a roommate who owned 2 adorable cats who both cuddled with me here and there. When the year was over I moved elsewhere and unfortunately disagreements about the billing at the end made it guaranteed I’d never get to see these cats again. This picture reminds me of the last night I was there cleaning up the last of everything and the very last thing I did was hang out with the cats in the barren room for 10 minutes or so. I miss those kitties and I like to think they liked me enough to miss me too :(.
FeelsBadMan
Yep, I would move back in.
I hope your old roomie comes to visit Pepe.
Please tell me that you gave ex-roommate visitation rights.
Open the blinds.  The cat wants to sleep in the sun.  And dream of your former roomie.
Am the only one who reread the title about 8 times before I figured it out.
When my sister was in the hospital, every time you went upstairs her cat would start meowing and looking at you and then running towards her room and looking back at you. So you follow the cat and she would run into my sister room, jump on the bed and look at you and meow and meow. She didn't understand where my sister was and we had no way to explain to her that should be home again. I still tear up when I think about that. 
Nice
He's actually thinking "Great, what should i do with all that space now?"
F 
Just about every summer my wife takes our kids back to her parents house for a week or two.  We have a ton of pets (a dog, 4 cats, 5 bunnies and 2 guinea pigs.)

But there is 1 cat that will walk around the house meowing after about a day or two.

Our old house was a split level with floating stairs. I'd be in the basement on my laptop or watching tv, the cat would come to the stairs, see me down there and sit on the stairs and meow at me.
Time to adopt a new roommate
I had the same cat for about 10 years and I loved him like a brother. I moved out with my bf into a place where we couldn't have pets and left my cat with my dad and sister until we could find a pet friendly place. My sister ended up giving the cat to some stranger and I haven't seen him since. I'll never forgive my sister and I miss my cat more and more each day. Who gives away family. 
u/emgeekout - our cats right now
What are you standing there making photos?! Give your cat some pets! 
I think he just wants you to open the blind so he can get some sun. 

"I'll put a double litterbox in there, a huge climbing gym next to the window, and of course my catnip grow-op in the corner..."
Poor kat
*sad piano*
monkaS
I DID NOT COME TO THIS THREAD TO CRY!
This is what I'm afraid of when I move out of my housemate's place. My dog loves her so much. I'm a chronic insomniac and my pup goes to bed with her while I am up most of the night. We all sleep in the same bed but he snuggles with her.  I feel totally left out.  I have no idea what he's going to do when we move. 
As time went along, a close relationship developed. Be kind to the poor cat, please
:( 
Please give her all the comfort-food she needs!
Goodness man this hits hard. Lost my kitty right around 10 years prior of 17 years and it resembles the second 50% of me just passed on. It was a harsh year, however remained solid for my best mate. Still miss him right up 'til the present time.
“where go da hooman”
Hello darkness my old friend...
PepeHands
I know it's diffrent animals but this reminds  when I was little. We had to two dogs, one was a Border Collie and one was a Dalmation. Well the Border collie was older and he died from cancer. When my dad came back from the vet, he pulled his truck in the ally way. Our back yard was devied into two, one the the back yard and the other was blocked off by the a big wodden fence. Our other dog started whining, barking and howling. After my dad barried our dog, he came back around where our other dog was standing on a tire. He reached over the fence and petted our other dog. Our other dog walked with head down and tail between his legs to the apricot tree where they used to lay. Even though my dad lived on a farm and had to put sick cows and pigs to sleep. To this day my dad says that moment is the hardest thing he witnessed. Cute cat by the way. :)
What’s happening to me?! Literal tears.
Reminds me of my dads dog I looked after for a week while he was out of the country.

Every day when I walked him he would look for him in the garage and around his van. He was always sure Dad was hiding somewhere about. I took pictures and documented it like a survivors log (Day one: searched all around the garage for him but he evaded me, Day twelve etc).

Sad thing is on the day he got back my sister walked the dog and he fell and hurt himself. He loved his walks. When Dad got back he couldn’t walk well (he had other medical issues and was old) and he never got another walk with my dad, he was taken to the vet and they had to put him down a few days later.

Still have those pictures of him searching for Dad.
I house/cat sat for my aunt once for a week. When they got back and I left they said they cat cried at the door for a week waiting for me to walk in 
Wait. The way this room is. It’s exactly like my room. 
Omg....hitting me in the feels
My roommates wouldn’t stop calling my cat Pepe (her name was Nova) and she started answering to that so I renamed her Pepper. 
This reminds me of when I had a roommate with a cat. Me and the roommate didn't hate each other, but we were very different people from very different walks of life.

Me and the cat however, got along like gangbusters. I'd take naps on the couch and wake up to her sleeping on my chest. Or she'd be waiting out side my door for me to wake up. She was always down for a cuddle.

God I miss that cat.
He venido...

I thought your cat moved out...
Right in the feels 😐

Going through the same transition and mine is a rescue with abandonment issues. Them walking you to rooms or spots and that exact sitting waiting. Or the throaty calling out meows 😯


Ah! Another kitty named Pepe out there?! That's so cool~ I have my own Pepe who's a black and white munchkin cat with a straight white line down his back like a skunk, hence his name. I thought I was the only one out there who woulda chosen that name, haha. :D
I can relate, this happened to me :'(
Why would you do this to me ? :(
Is he a tuxedo cat? Like Pepe Le Pew.
Your cat is Vantablack. That's petty cool.
Crying about the ridiculous size of the room, your roomie lived in.
Pepe the frog is dead
I love Pepe! 
Is Pepe a black and white cat?

My girlfriend and I have a running joke and call every black and white cat Pepe. Because my neighbors cat roams around and is named Pepe.
Ohhh poor pepe :( give him extra snuggles and love.
Reminds me of my friends moms cat. The mom died and the cat sat on her clothes for days cuz they smelled like her :(
We had 4 cats. When I found out We had to move to Japan, We didn’t want to take the cats with us for couple reasons. They where old. One was about 13 years old and the other 3 was 10 years old and we didn’t want to put the stress of traveling on them. Even if we took them with us, We could only take 2, which brings me to my second reason.  We didn’t want to separate them. They all know the sound of a can opening up. The last thing we did  before we left was opened up 4 cans of cat food for them, said our byes and left them in the care of my brother in law in our house. My brother in law moved in our house to maintain it and watch over the cats. I think about 7 month later, the oldest cat passed😭.  I am military which is why we had to move. 
YOU BRING THAT ROOMIE BACK YOU HEAR ME!
Cat: "Wow, there's finally room for sitting in here. I wonder what happened to Hooman #2."
thats a hella cool name for a cat my dude
I had a cat named Pepe too! Unfortunately he ran away 😢
You guys, I seriously miss my roommate and his cat so much :( kitty was my world. Now before work every morning, I stare sadly at the desk she used to jump up on to get treats.
Ouch. We just lost our cat of 14 years to some sort of wasting disease and, as old as I am (67) and having lost pet pals several times in the past, it still hurts. He kept in character right up to the end.
The feels

I was not prepared for them
Idk about people leaving but in cases of death always let the animal see/sniff/interact with the body. They understand what death is and need to grieve like any person. 
Ehh the cat is just loving it’s new room. Thinking about all that space filled with sunlight. 
I’m going to immediately sort this by controversial and see what craziness i can find.
Was it something I shredded?
omg! That's so sad. D:
Reminds me of Francis :'( aka Boogie. 
My cat did this when we were in the process of moving and taking stuff out of our apartment. For him I think it was more of a "hmm, this is different" thought process, but maybe your cat is different...
Goddamn,  my father adopted a stray cat named Bowie when I was just 4 months old, we grew up together until he and I were 15, until one snowy december morning he took off to other realms to rule over. My neighbours had two rottweilers which Bowie loved to mess around with. The dogs hated him because he used to climb up a tree in the garden which they lived in and meowed at them literally all day long. When Bowie died those two dogs were hella sad, looking at the tree expecting him to meow at them. I miss that piece of shit troll.
I think it's just a black hole in the space of the carpet like cat.
Hoping for the day roommate comes for a visit
oh I have to go to my cat now i love her so much
PepeHands 
I'm not crying, it's just raining on my face.
Feels bad man
When my cat suddenly and unexpecterly died my other cat went around the apartment meowing. And finally found the box she was in and laid on top of it.
Please tell me your ex roommate will visit him... 😫😫
My neighbor's dog was best friends with the dog that lived at our house for 3 years before we bought it last August.  Our neighbor told us that every time they walk by our house his dog tugs on the leash to come up to our door.  On a few occasions when the dog (Zeus) has gotten loose and we also have our front door open, we'll have a doggy visitor roaming around our living room looking for his friend.  I feel bad for the guy.  Our cats don't suffice as friends.
GO TO YOUR LOCAL RESCUE and give another kitty/cat a home! Fill that hole in your heart with a new buddy to love- you’re not comparing or trying to replace your old friend, you’re simply filling that space that is gaping and painful with the best band aid EVER! 
"1 down... 1 to go"
My cat would greet me on top of the fridge when I got home from work. 3 days after he died I realized he wasn’t there. I sobbed alone in my kitchen at 2:00am.  Might be the saddest I’ve ever been. 
holy shit they vacuumed before they left?
Awww my roomie just moved out and he took his big black fluffy cat with him and IS SOMEONE CUTTING ONIONS IN HERE, JEEEEZ!
this reminds me of japanese breakfast - in heaven
That’s so sad!
My cat sat outside my son's room when he moved out. He was her favourite human.
Reminiscing about good times past.
How did you cat get the name Pepe 🤨
Aww, that's a death in the family type bereavement.
Our cat sat at our dog's graveyard or tombstone in the backyard for six months straight everyday. The weird thing is, the cat didn't even care for the dog when it was alive. I think the cat just smelled the dead body. So I didn't think much of it.
