I like how he drops it behind her head and they both promptly forget about it.
I like how the mom cat sneezed when the dad presented her the lost kitten.

"Sorry hun, I'm allergic to cats"
How did that little kitten get over there by itself? I smell something fishy...
Alternate headline: Mom takes baby to the face. 
Those are some nice fuckin’ kitties
Showed this to gf. She said, "See you should learn from this"
Instructions not clear. 
Proceed to lick her forehead. 
Get that family a bigger box.... at a 15% fixed rate, of course.
I read that as "dead cat" and was thoroughly confused.
It's not a coincidence that it's the only one that looks like him either. 
A cardboard box!?  Oh the felinity.  
Mfw a cats love story is greater than my own 
CAAAAAAN YOU FEEL?
Dad cat has no balls. Sure Dad cat isn't actually Aunt Cat? 
 
Edit: And also male cats usually have more broader squarer and bigger heads compared to females. I can't tell for sure from this gif but it looks like a female cat to me. 
i am kitteh

i do escaep

you finded me

an bit my nape.

u giv me scold

n tiem out too,

but say 2 ma:

"he jus liek u! ❤️"






She has to abort a reflexive attack there
This cat dads
My cat was impregnated by another random cat. He didn't even pay child support, I have talked to my lawyers about this issue and we are filing a lawsuit against the cat. Hope he like PRISON
"Separated..."

You mean the kitten you pulled out of the box so you could get the shot??
"Take. It."

*licklick*

"But I love you."
I didn’t know dad cats cared. I sorta love this whole damn cat fam.
So the human took the baby out of the box and filmed what happened...
Mom cat thanks him by sneezing in his face.
#FaThEr BrUtAlLy AtTaCkS WoMaN wItH hEr OwN cHiLd 
Where the fuck you guys found dad cats like this. I swear the stray cat dads near my street will just fuck around and don't give a shit for his offsprings 
And then he says "Stay with your mom. I ain't kitten around".
Spay and neuter! 3,500 cats a day are euthanized at shelters in the United States EVERY DAY.
"Hello dear..." *lik*
“Thanks, babe.”
Aww i want one of those kittens, so cute
Look at the cameraman's toe position
Wish the Dad had put the kitten alongside his feeding siblings...instead he’s popped him under his Mum’s head like a pillow.
The one kitten that actually looks like the dad cat... 
These two cats share an emotional bond that I, as a human, have never even had! Bastards! 
How do cats pick their youngling a up by the mouth without piercing the kittens skin with their teeth? 
How did it get out? I feel like this was set up. Fake news.
why do i feel like the person taking the video placed the kitten outside the box just to get this video
These cats don't look healthy at all. I'm not even trying to troll, I've raised kittens many times and none of this looks good to me :(
I thought the title said dead cat. Then I realized I wasn’t on r/natureismetal. Now it make sense. 
1. The "jab" is her sneezing, he was startled.
2. He was startled and "dropped" the kid to please her
3. /r/gifsthatendtoosoon 
4. kitten is fine
5. humans fail a lot, ie. pleasing the mother.
That kitten litter is a perfect example of genetic inheritance of a hereditary trait! 
I like how he seems most protective of the one who looks most like him 😂
That sneeze, even cats are allergic to other cats
Notice how dad puts the kitty in the time out corner for running off?
"Oh, darling, thank you for bringing back my- 
#**BLEHSHEH!!**"
True love right there.
Love how the litter have a combination of their father and mothers fur color. It's so cute to see that happy color mixed family. 
I mean, yeah, if my girl has a tough day I bring her a pillow too.
Fun fact:  73% of kitten litters have one kitten that escapes daily.  That number is 0% when Cats are spay/neutered.
AHHHH THAT'S SO CUTE IM GONNA DIE!
r/animalsbeingdads
Dad hasn’t been getting any since the kids came along, is being super helpful...
That cat is a better dad than some human I’m sure!
ok seriously I was having a panic attack and totally unable to eat which made things worse, and came across this video, and for some reason watching this over and over really leveled me out. so thanks :)
I wouldn't pull a kitten ou t of the litter just to watch the father do that
Remember to lick your wife after she has given birth.
Aw honey here's your baby that you misplaced IN YOUR FUCKING FACE, sorry *lick*.
Well now I look forward to have a relationship like the one those cats have.
Cat dad just wanted a way into the box. He stole that kitten earlier.
That kiss at the end was super endearing.
That's not Dad cat. Way too skinny and slight to be a sexually mature intact tom. Intact (or even recently fixed) toms are built like brick shithouses.
That snot rocket that flies right at the camera person
“Here hunny”

“By the nipple will do nicely”

“Nah you look like you need a pillow”
This made me say "Aww" then I read the subreddits name
I thoght dad cats didnt have any interest in kittens?
See now when I go lick my wife's face she gets mad...
“Oh, thanks for bringing me the baby!” *sneezes in ear
My cat had her kittens on my lap. She would periodically bring them to me to watch. She would not allow anyone in the bedroom except myself and my dog. I miss her. 
More important question is... how did it get out of the box?
Dad cat looks a bit thin, IMO. I wouldn't want to make him overweight, but I'd feed him until his hip bones were less obvious
#1 box is wayyyyy to small. Please make a bigger space with towels cleaned daily with fragrance free laundry soap. 

#2 I cannot fathom why the baby was put over there. I hope it doesn't happen again. Please. 

#3 it did not seem to have a normal scruff reflex. It's state should have changed once it was picked up. It didn't react. 

https://pets.thenest.com/kittens-act-paralyzed-picked-up-scruff-8028.html

This kitten may not be getting enough nutrition or is unhealthy in another way. Please watch for 2-3 hours and count feeds. 

If you have a kitchen scale, put a soft cloth and monitor weight 2-3 times a day. Borrow or buy if you do not. Write it down to follow any curve. 

If not gaining or losing, Go to a vet and get kitten feeding bottles and formula. 

Source: have raised several young litters via spca. I am not an expert, so consult a vet if you have these or other concerns. 
It looks so emotional... I really love cats. Is there anyone who loves them too? 
[deleted]
There’s a kitten with a heart shape on its back. :o
are these strays?
Awww! What good parents.
/r/titlegore
Good excuse for dad cat to get "official permit" from mum cat to go outside.

Dad cat: Next time, never say I am lazy and not contributing to this family again. Actually I work hard while you and our babies are at home.  I go outside not for my own pleasure but to ensure the safety of our babies. 

Mum cat: ...
oh god, i read that originally as "Dead cat and kittens....". Man my brain is messed up after work.
pillow cat
Someone reverse the gif
I read this as dead cat and spent half the video thoroughly confused.
That is a very loving couple and now I’m jealous of cats. 
Whipped 
Time for some spaying and neutering. 
Read that as dead cat
I read that as “DEAD CAT...” about 5 times and I couldn’t figure out what the fuck haha
a for effort. f for execution.
This post is r/AnimalsBeingMoms and r/AnimalsBeingDads material.
Read "dead cat" at first..
"here's your baby" hits her in the chin with it.
Box is too small yo
Mummy and daddy cat
Aww, look how he grooms momma cat's head! He loves his waifu :3
Sneeze on your children and use them as pillows when they’re being assholes 
Those are some nice fuckin’ kitties
Ahh and in true dad fashion he fucks it up a little bit but he's trying. 
Goals 
Good kitty!
Read that as "dead cat." Was somewhat confused.
u/Animalromano happy family 
I feel like the person holding the camera put the kitten outside the box for an opportune video. 
Aww! That is just so sweet, what a beautiful little cat family.
Look at the colors of the kids, it's a mix of the parents. No paternity test required.
This is the sweetest thing I’ve seen all day; thank you OP for this wonderful video. Hope all the kitties turn out beautiful and healthy
"honey, how did the baby that looks like me end up outside the box?" 
"Oh, no reason..."
That’s a caring father right there
I almost got a heart attack when she shook her head. I thought she was gonna bite his head off.
For some reason I read the title as “dead cat” and I was so confused for 5 seconds 
Lol what the fuck i'm jealous???
Dad doesn't look so well. 
Sorry but that kitten is way too young to have climbed out there itself, op put it out there for karma
Nope 2 moms. You can see when the second climbs in to the box. Also dads don't do this.
TIL that a cat is a better dad than my child's "father". :(
Well I read this as 'dead cat' so I was glad to see it was a more wholesome gif! Would've been more impressive had it been dead though.
Please get your cats fixed...
Please?

Please don't give any of the kittens away before they are spayed or neutered...please??


I read that as dead cat. Took a few seconds.
nobody puts baby in a corner...but dad cat. 
I can't help but anthropomorphize... This is just so beautiful.
So OP took the baby kitten out of the box just to film this video?
Honestly that cat is better at parenting that most parents in 2018
I’m always surprised when I see Paternal male cats. This one is even more surprising, he loves the mom as well. Isn’t the law of nature “Fuck bitches then fuck off?”

Can they tell what kittens are theirs? Do the hormones that make Mom cats maternal make them paternal? Are they imitating humans? Does getting fixed suppress their natural instincts? Or did Animal Planet just lie to me and cats really are somewhat nice and caring?

It’s not even a matter of “Protect your own kittens.” I’ve seen male cats protect kittens that aren’t theirs at all. https://www.thedodo.com/male-cat-becomes-adopted-daddy-to-orphaned-kittens-1145167759.html
The dad cat was probably hungry so stole the weakest kitten. The mom cat gave him the look , so he brought the kitten back.    The lick at the end was an apology 
So cute.
Then shows her some love, what a good dad.
Is that cat wearing spectacles? 
So sweet 
Adorable levels through the roof
I want to see more of these cat parents being parental. 
It’s things like this that make my days so much brighter. ❤️
"Bitch I gotchu this."
Carol, what did I say about leaving these things around.


Am I the only one who thought the cats ears were pierced at first?
Nobody escapes the cat trap
I initially read "dead cat" and was like, how is this cute? 
Be still my heart. 
My cats just wait for each other to pass and then claw the shit out of each other. 
He out-kicked his coverage
wow what a adorable family
I bet that's not the dad cat. Face looks too thin for an uncut male. Males have chubby cheeks. Might be sister or other mom cat. Awesome video tho
Sooooooo cute!!!!!
I think that's a female from a previous litter.
Now that’s a rare sight. 
My glasses have tears on them
This is so precious omg 
I’m sure it just leapt out of the box.   Well staged, people.  
What a devoted dad...need more humans  like this!
I hope their names are Artemis and Luna.
In these difficult times we cant waste any food, honey
That is probably the runt of the litter and the mom was getting rid of it :/
Kept reading the title as “Dead cat” and was getting annoyed that it didn’t make sense
the absolute sweetest!
Uh, you’re kinda smothering one of your kids there, guys
I read this as “Dead cat brings baby separated from mom back to life”... I think I need to go back to sleep.
TIL ginger cats get more pussy than me.
Anyone else read “dead cat” see the gif and then ask “WHO WOULD POST THIS!?”?
Dad cat is a hero
>Dad, don't sit on m-
If he fits, he sits.
Awe. That's love. And I hate cats. 
super protective daddy cat he is..
And then you see, what I'm hoping is, a guys foot and the videos ruined.
This is so awesome. And after that he licks the mom's head. Lovely. 
Sums up my wifr
He knows this one is his.
I misread it as "Dead" cat rather than "Dad" cat...
Love! This is so soothing to watch!
Thats some planet earth level shit right there
😹😹😻😻😳😳
That dad cat is a 5 star cat
I thought it was a rat at first
You can feel.... the love tonight. 
A good parent helps the other parent out when they are in. Not because it's the right thing to do, because it effects the good parent as well as the other parent. 
It's the redheaded step-cat
Can i cry? I’m gonna cry. 
I think I might just cry on the spot
Still a better love story than Twilight
Sweetness personified.
Dad looks so much smaller than mom.
Here, you dropped this 
Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww ! THAT IS THE CUTEST THING I'VE EVER SEEN IN MY LIFE!!!!!
"Here you go, hun. Love you."
Unless after being air borne they can gain altitude they are at best gliding (falling with style) 
Cutest thing I have seen! 
The kisses oooooooh my heart
r/dadreflexes ?
I want to squeeze them all
I read "dead cat" at first... 
Dad cat? I thought all cats were girls 
 r/animalsbeingparents
Damm it, are we doing all the work in all kind of life?
OH that was so sweet to see thank you for sharing that...
How did the baby kitty get out of the box??? 
Interesting. I've had cats most of my life and have never seen the male cat act this way(not saying it doesn't happen). In my experience the male/dad cat is usually hostile towards the kittens.
Raised balinese cats. The father was very interested in caretaking. 
Why can’t I have a relationship like this
Mum*
This is so sweet I just ovulated.
Bless you
That kitty just wanted to explore what was on the other side of the wall. It will have many tales to tell it's siblings. 

"So yeah, I climbed outta the box and stood around then Dad came and grabbed me.. but I've seen it you guys, it is awesome."
I'm willing to bet money that kitty was a rejected kitty.
I told you, I’m allergic to more kittens. 
                                              -Mom cat 
Retriever cat looks like a sandwich is in order. Feed!
My Beagle just had puppies. The mother despises the father with a passion. If he gets within 10 feet she goes nuts.
I read that as dead cat
I needed to see this, thank you
Indomie cardboard box? 
That's cause us dad's rock too.
Nobody outs baby in the corner - except from dad cat... 
😭😭 what a man!!! 
Not to be confused with [CatDad](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=1KIKrSG-Xzc).
You dropped dis
Haha that person’s creepy ass foot is all I can see 
Awwww
I thought it said Dead cat and I was kind of confused for a second. 
i want someone to make an animated series about them
Like how my dad brought me back to my mom. Nah. 
Or maybe dad has been “pussy” whipped. Ba dum tss
I like that "you're a good mom" licks on the head. 
This is very sweet, but why was that kitten out of the box on the floor anyway? Doesn't seem like it is even old enough to walk let alone jump out of a box. 
I hope that somehow the mother or the father placed the kitten there for some reason. But my suspicion is that the human filming this decided to place the kitten on the floor away from its parents and then film it to show how cute it was that the father brought the baby back. Just makes me sad to think that and I hope it isn't the case. 
It's St Patrick's day and I might be drunk but this hits me right in the feels
Animals never cease to amaze me.
I read that as dead cat and was heartbroken for a second 
i thought tomcats would eat their spouse kids?
Awww
I read deat cat, is that cat dead?
Now this really portrays love in one of its purest form. 
This is awesome but I don’t wanna see some dude’s uglyass foot... 
Family goals 😍
Right stroke put a baby in a spiral 
That sneeze was to cute
UGH! SEVERED FOOT BOTTOM RIGHT NEXT TO BOX!
Brutal 
Thought dad cat had glasses on for a second there
Father responsibility ig, lol
Drops the kitten behind her, "Now son, life isn't easy, good luck getting over this mountain of cats."
#relationshipgoals
Lmfao this is so cute
How did the baby get separated?
Looks like another female...
OH MY GOD I'M GONNA CRY
Aww what a lovely kitty family
Inb4 it's a reverse gif.
Hmm. I thought the males always killed the kittens...
HERE IS CATTO, NOW LEMME LICK UR HEAD.
Waaaaw amazing😍💖
This is so fucking cute =)
Aww, this is adorable. You don't see male cats acting like dads very often. At least, I don't. When my cat and my roommate's cat had babies, mine was basically the definition of a deadbeat dad in the cat world. He would hiss and slap at the kittens and yell at mom daily.
this is beautiful. May these beautiful kittens grow strong healthy and happy, and may the parents be healthy and happy too! I wanna adopt one of the kittens but my parents don't allow animals in the house :'(
I know it’s based on instinct but animals seem to be better parents then most humans I know. 
Dad is just being a jerk, Mom is clearly allergic to cats
Pure pillow angel
/r/thisismylifemeow ?
So what is the mum doing having a nap while one of her kids is running wild !! totally irresponsible if you ask me . .... this post belongs in Trashy ! 😜
You forgot something.  
                                     -Dad cat probably
Sweet reposts
Who separated the cat baby in the first place tho 
Serious question. Doesn’t the dad cat usually eats the babies?
This is that momma cat's favorite memory, she'll fondly remember it for the rest of her life.
She's allergic to cats. Go figure
Dude they need a bigger spot
https://www.reddit.com/r/SneakyBackgroundFeet/
Gotta protect the one and only kitten that looks like him
u/endlesskylieness 
Mom, meanwhile, is unfazed by the goings-on
Lol. Thought it was a dead rat
I’ve never seen true love before this 
That's so sweet. 
Father kitty is definitely getting some pussy tonight.
How cute 
/r/SneakyBackgroundFeet
Guess who's getting some puss tonight..

I love the cat booger flying by the camera. My cat boogers on everything. 
He put it in her face and she was just like STOP IT
Those forehead licks TAT
toooooo cute
What's wrong with your foot?
How the fuck would that half dead kitten have gotten out of that high sided box to begin with? I blame the ape footed cameraman. 
Turn off the flash.
And wants to fool around
Do cats make families
r/likeus
This comment was deleted by your national government. Yes we know your entire comment history including the ones you deleted.
This would be funny in reverse
Cats aren't monogamous (the female is supposed to care for the young), riiight? My life isn't a lie, riiight?  
Thats a small non muscular skinny tom lol
Cats are non monogamous creatures and a female cat can have several male cats as fathers in the same litter. Your human sensibilities do not apply. I do not compute.
OMFG my heart!!!
Mommy and daddy look an awful lot like siblings. 
Love. 
Don't dad cats hunt down their kids? That happened with my cat.
/r/sneakybackgroundfeet
I read that as “Dead car brings baby....”
1000 comment! But seriously that's wholesome
For a brief moment, I thought mom cat bit the shit out of dad cat as thanks.
Just trying to score some pussy.
W2c 1:1 dad
Daddy’s Home 3?
My heart 
My cat trouble looked exactly like that mom cat
I just melted
/r/sneakybackgroundfeet
Good guy kitty.
👍
Dad seems really skinny,  nerves? 
Awwww
Probably not separate for that long.
I thought it was one of those CAPS texts and read it like : "DaD EaT BAbY SEpArAteD FrOM MOm"
I thought male cats leave once they mated? Is that only for strays/wild cats?
So precious, this makes my heart melt!
♡.♡ 
Dude just sat on his girls arm. Wtf man, not cool
It looked like a little hamster 
"Heeey hun, cool if I eat this?"

*mom snaps at dad

*dad licks, "ah girl u know I just playin'"
r/ReverseAnimalRescue 
Real mvp
How much of this is instinctual versus luck? Do cat couple's normally coexist like this?
What’s wrong with that toe
I should take a nap.. I red "Dead cat" instead and thought WTF
absolutely adorable 
Oh cute.. meanwhile the evil mom cat probably chucked the poor guy out. 

Good dad cat: bitch.. look after my son.

Those cats are so thin! Poor babies must have been strays 
No I'm allergic to that one!
For some reason I read the title as “dead cat” and I was so confused for 5 seconds 
What a sweet guy :)
Babies having babies, ugh! 
"Honey, I found us something to eat!"
Oh the cuteness!!!!
We don't deserve animals
It looks like he grabbed the only baby that's his 🤣
Why they so thin?
Omg they look like they're in love I never knew cats could fall in love I just thought the female cats were hoes and got pregnant by every boy cat on the block (that's what mines did) 
Who's got your belly!
It’s the only that looks like him
We have a lot to learn from animals.  If it were me it would be "why did it take you so long???".  Then take away all the affection, this is my life.
i thought that was a dead mouse for a sec
I read this as 'dead cat baby' and the video was a lot sadder until I realized it was alive.
He already ate two others so he was pretty full. 
I so love how he licks her little face. She is working so hard with all the baby cats!
Really liked it until I noticed the human foot. 
This makes me want a kitty so bad
That is the sweetest damn thing I’ve ever seen.
How did the kitty get out with the tall walls?
Grout needs cleaning. 
All this proves is that cats love boxes
Poor Dad, he needs to gain some weight
I really want to see this in reverse
r/animalsbeingdads 
What so all cats aren’t girls?
Loved this! That's a lot of babies too
r/whyweretheyfilming
"Hey, you forgot the one that looks like me.."
I know, I’m trying to change that, finally:)
Good boy 
The cats’ eyes are so majestic, the light reflecting their true beauty. The mom’s blue eyes I like most, that’s my favorite color. 
Didn't read the title, thought the Daddycat gifted a dead mouse to the Mommycat.. I'm stuped.
Why do I like KITTEHS more than the Humanvirus?!?!?!?!?!
Man you can really see the Punnett square workin out there...
The box looks intact so how did the kitten get out? 
Omg true love 
This is the most beautiful thing I have ever seen. 
She really didn't want another one in there did she
How did the kitten get out of that box? 
Love this gif.
Bless you 
For a solid minute, I read that as "Dead cat brings..." and was super confused. I must've watched it like 5 times before I figured out that I was just stupid. xD
I though that was a dead mouse before reading the title.
I thought that said dead cat and i got real confused
So still they are queae
Dad doesn't look so well. 
How did it get out of the box, exactly?
How come larger male cats (tigers, lions) tend to kill/harm their offspring, while domesticated cats dont seem to do that?
Awwwwwwwww. 
Looks like he’s not the only father of that litter.
Wow..that’s amazing. My kitten, with multiple dads were not allowed to come near their dads, as they bite the kittens and unfortunately one of the kittens died
It’s always heartwarming when Frank Gallagher shows his “good guy” side.
No old towel to lay on, looks a cold bed.
What kind of cat is the female?
Excuse me, is this yours? 
Are we gonna ignore that Shrek looking toe? 
Look at the little legses!!
Dad cat looks like he wears glasses
Dad cat looks malnourished
At first I thought he was carrying a fat hampster around.. maybe an episode of unlikely animal friends... maybe a bad day for the hampster... 
Family is precious !!!❤️❤️❤️❤️
How did the little shit get out of the box in the first place?
Indonesian cat 👍 make us proud.
when cats are more romantic than you 
Thoughtful and kissing mommy on the head.
The two cats interact well and love, but I want to know how the kitten ran out of the box.I want to have an orange cat.
Adorable! What a sweet act

Hey honey, I got some takeaway for dinner 
That’s like no space for 2 adult cats and a litter of kittens, buy a fridge, for them. Please
All the babies are gonna have ear mites 
I read that as "dead cat" and physically recoiled
/u/ilcasdy remember when I told you about my mom and pop kitties? :3
That little thing could not have climbed out

Humans stop they're just internet points
These cats fuck.
That doesn’t look like an adult male cat, I’d actually wager that’s an older kitten from a previous litter, might even be female and showing maternal instincts.
...Then dad tries to guilt her into a beej
Separated.... you must mean taken.  Kitten didn’t get out of that box on its own.  
I'm surprised how tiny he is for a dad.  I thought male cats were noticeable larger than the females.
I can just see OP dragging the kitten out of the box repeatedly until he gets the right video for karma points. 
STOP BREEDING CATS. When I see stuff like this, all I can see is the shelter cats that are being destroyed because people don’t fix their pets and keep making more and throwing them away because babieez. Not aww.
Looks comfy in there.
Pup retrieval is a characteristics of some mammals, actually is deeply study in Mice because is considered as a marker for good maternal behavior. Interesting, some males when spend a lot of time with female activate the brain circuits for this kind of behavior. Is known that males have a tendency to damage the pups and paradoxical they could become a mother.
OP put the kitten out there and poured tuna juice in it for Karma. 
 I can honistly say I have never spent so much of my life studying a cats butt. But,   Yeah,  behavior alone says girl cat.  The more I look the more I see two girls.  Funny how we went from "dead cats / dad cats to cat balls.   
That doesn't look like a tom cat. It's too skinny/petite. Male cats usually have a broader bone structure. So, it looks to me like female friend cat brings kitten back to mom cat. 
I noticed this kid is mine and the rest look like Joe down the street so keep feeding my off spring please. 
Looks like they need some food :(
r/Eyebleach 
Wow even cats are more loving than men 
Weird. Male cats are usually negligent at best, and actively hostile at worst.
I read dead cat 😐
Wow. These cats are so progressive. Media tells us fair colors are for women and dark colors are for men, but look okay them. A true example
Curious... what is a legitimate reason for someone to breed non purebred cats?

Edit: wow, not sure why this question triggered so many people. It was an honest question, which nobody has answered. I wasn't trying to imply the cats in this post were bred on purpose. I was just starting a conversation 
Family guy
Knowing damn well you took that kitten out and get your nasty ass toes in some socks! 
I thought dad cats are like black dads maybe is just a stereotypes
Someone told him they gave mommy a daddy stitch.
Looks like a couple of lesbians 
Dad cat is likely also mom's brother.
Strays? Both look gross. Skinny with nasal discharge
Yooo feed those scrawny cats
Do people actually allow their cats to breed like this still? I understand specialized breeding (insofar as there is a goal to it -- I'm not commenting either way on the value of that pursuit). But this doesn't look like breeding that's trying to change genes in a certain direction, considering how different they look.

But just letting your cats bone? Are there not enough cats up for adoption? I don't think you can readily sell kittens when adoptions are available. 

Maybe they need a bunch of cats on the cheap?

I don't know. Is there something I'm missing?
He would only bring the ginger ones back, as he still not sure if the other ones are his 
We’ll kill this one later when the humans aren’t around. 
This is what it looks like when you don't spay or neuter your pets.  Now that family has 2 adult cats (still not fixed) and 4 kittens they will have to sell/giveaway/kill.  In 4 months there will be another litter.
Those are some hideous cats. Cute behavior. Seems like humans set this up though, as there is no way that kitten escaped by itself. 2/10
This is rape.
[deleted]
liberals hate families, even cat families are too conservative, I'm sure this triggers them 😂
