He looks like a stuffed animal
You're my boy Blu 
Hey Blu meet my dog Lou! http://imgur.com/piNbDZ8
Yeah that dogs got people eyes. 
Well that's the most adorable dog I have ever seen.

God damn it Reddit is turning me into an animal lover. 1 year out I never would have thought about adopting a pet, now it's all I think about, and I got Introduced to Reddit about a year ago.
Profile Pic - https://i.imgur.com/1gRUTwr.jpg
Tagged Pic - https://i.imgur.com/JOCi2Qa.jpg

Is that the tf2 Blu team font on his collar?
[My blind dog is like that, too](https://i.imgur.com/seZWXRi.jpg)  
  
Edit: [Some old vids and sources of the gifs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWGc0xr7NfI&list=PLM_KWyKkeEPrjb2oJ-2_qtYmUZHch7p-L) for those interested

Beautiful dog. My buddy just got a new one too, he's only blue in the face but he's a cutie too:
https://imgur.com/a/0n1Bj
Keep a close watch on this baby. These blue pitts get stolen way too often. The bad guys sometimes have bad intentions. 
Be honest OP: how many times since getting him have you blurted out "YOU'RE MAH BOY, BLU!!!"?
OK, so look, he's broken - the whole tongue thing isn't normal. I would be willing to take him off your hands and give him a loving home despite him being, as I said, broken. I will be changing his name to Tony 'the Tongue' McGee. Just a favor from one Redditor to another. I may or may not be a saint for helping you like this. If saint is too much, let's just call me a hero for taking this broken pupper. (Damn, he's cute!)
Have you found any blu's clues?
He looks like he is made out of velvet. 
Jus a lil r/blep
That’s the best grass I’ve ever seen....
This post hit me right in the feels. On Thursday I had to unexpectedly put my girl Athena down. She looked just like this little guy, just older and fatter. She was such a good friend and Im still really depressed. 
Omg this is adorable. You should post this to r/eyebleach.
Both the dog and the grass look straight out of a Pixar movie.
Please don't cut his tail or ears.
One word comes to mind: Musclebiscuit
You stole my dogs name!   They actually look pretty similar :) he had like ice blue eyes for first six months or so
r/blop
Dis boy is DA CUTEST. 12/10 would cuddle fiercely. 
Tonguey taps ftw.
Did you call him that so you could yell "you're my boy blu"?
the dog's tounge sticks out like this because his tongue is too long to fit inside his mouth so he has to leave it out. As he gets older this might change. 
He’s cute and unsettling at the same time. I️ feel like staring right into my soul 
I doubt the legitimacy of this dog i need to pet him for verification 
Are you guys doing an ig for him? He’s adorable. 
Please please please don't crop his ears.
He is the cutest alien ive ever seen 😍😍😍
YOURE MY BOY BLU
Ddddawww so cute! If his tongue is like that all the time, might be normal, but best to get checked by a vet. Sometimes they do that when there is something wrong. Apparently there's something called "Hanging Tongue Syndrome"
“You my boy blu” - Frank The Tank
SO CUTE
Blep
Omg he's blutiful. 
He’s a wee tank!
He looks like the texture of a well worn and comfy towel!
Omg. LOOKATHIM. I just want to kiss his little nose. 😍
He's Blutiful
My family’s pug does this all the time. It’s just as cute when they’re 9 years old and look geriatric.
This looks like a rendering 
I need some proof that this is a real dog, not a doll
What kind of dog is Blu?
[removed]
Blep 
Are Blu and Luna the most popular dog names on Reddit?
Is he going to grow into that tongue or will it be like that his whole life?
:P
r/TongueOutHounds!

Come join our new community and share your doggo and their tongue!

Half the blue pits I've ever seen are named Blue...nice choice with Blu!
i suspect you play Team Fortress 2
Oh my god. I want to squeeze him.
So cute
/r/blop 
:p
r/blop
He is the "Captain Carrot" of the pup world. Absolutely good looking and you know he is going to be a strong boy when he grows up. Yet he is the most gentle, intelligent and benevolent person. I like him. 
Haha, my cat also does this when she's [comfortable] (https://imgur.com/JUQ88Za)
inb4 Reddit tells you he has cancer because of this.
His face is giving me such warm, squishy feels. I'm in love. 😍  


Please give your baby lots of snuggles and boops, for me. And kisses. All good puppers deserve such happy, spoiled lives.
I'm Blu da ba dee da ba daa...
Awwww big boi.. what a magnificent dog! I'd rub his belly at least every hour, on the hour, minimum.
mai name is blu

u know what do

i giv smol mlem

u giv bac shoo
/r/blop
i did naaaaaaaat!! Oh, hi Blue!! 
Thank you for not docking it's ears. <3
My username checks out?
You're my boy Blu 
I doubt the legitimacy of this dog i need to pet him for verification


His fur is so sleek...<3
Wow a pit named blue, I’ve never heard of that
[removed]
My pit/lab does that every once in a while.  I boop her tongue to remind her it's getting dry.  It's usually when she's sleepy and waking up.
He looks like he's not 100% convinced that you know what you're talking about.
You’re my boy, BLU!
That is the most beautiful puppy I have ever seen, those eyes...
Cute little guy. 
I’m looking for a pup like that. 
Wow he's beautiful!  Give him scritches and snuggles for me! 
This is seriously the best quality picture I've seen on this site though. What camera?
[removed]
Ahh, so.That is one good lookin pibble.
What a cute dog 
He has human eyes!
Maybe it's just cuz I'm at a 7 but Blu looks like a very expensive stuffed animal.
That grass looks absolutely amazing. 
Hope you don't have any small kids around. Pibbles love toddlers and not in a good way. 
I think the people at /r/blop would love him.
He's super photogenic
He is so perfect. I want to cry. 
Oh my goodness!!! The goodest of good boys!!!
If Blu asked me to borrow money I would give him everything I had. There would be no saying no to that face. 
What kinda doggo is ol Blu?
Love the tongue!!!!
You came so close to spelling his name right 
Statistically one of the most overall powerful dogs there is, and most likely to cause death to another human compared to other breeds...

but indeed, very cute
[removed]
[removed]
Cute. Pit bulls should still be banned though. 
Say hi to Eduardo and Duchess for me. 
Nice hat you got on there OP.
https://youtu.be/jbuQDqnMebk
More like BLUUP!
You mah boy!!!!!!!!
Hi Blu...
My heart!!!! 💙💙💙💙💙💙💙
Hes Blu

Ah ba dee ah ba dai
Adorable, gorgeous, stunning, precious and enviable! Love him!
Damn, I wish my dog was that high def. Mine only come in 144p.
Great shot
He's so blue! 
I love him 
Oh my goodness! Your dog is adorable!🙂 What type of dog is it? 
I wish those eyes could stay blue!
Are his teeth ok? I've known a few dogs that do that with their tongue and it's because their teeth are rotted out. 
Tiny BLEP
My doggo when she was a pup did the same thing. She was the runt and I guess her tongue was just too big it always stuck out. She’s a giant now. Pit bull / mastiff. 
What an adorable dog :) My dog also sticks out her tongue, those little quirks make them so unique and loveable!
Very cute, My cousin name her new rottie pup Blu too. 
Needs to get on Marnie level!
What kind of camera did you take this pic with?
Super cute.  I like the font on his tag too.  I'm guessing he's named after the bird in Rio?
That's a handsome dog. 
THEY TOOK OUR JOBS!
Should rename him to Blep
Adorable! Got the same name as my girl haha.
Precious 
His name in Animal Tongue is "Great Killer of Bleps"
What a young good boi
Absolutely beautiful pup!
I just wanna poke it back in his mouth. 
Cuuuute!!11!!
Does he have a clue?
Awwwwwww so cuteee 😍
Blu may have an underbite. My pupper's tongue sticks out like that and his underbite is the culprit. 
The blep is real with this good boy. 
Beautiful smoosh face. I know at least 6 people with a dog named Blue. 😂
Can I have him?
Why'd you name them Blu?
Blu's Clues 
Good ol' Blu...he loves you.
Did you take a picture with a NASA camera??? The details!! 
I need this lil guy in my life right now.
His tongue's too gawtdang big for hims mouf  hahaha
wow those paws!! What a beauty!
There are exactly 500 comments....didn't want to be THAT guy who breaks the r/oddlysatisfying amount of comments but AWWW WTF
aw
And if you see the e, drop them.
Omg!!!  😍😍Where do you live so I can pet? (Not creepy at all) 
I have a blue bully named blue. I swear his eyes were blue when he was a puppy but now they are more gray.
His coloring is beautiful. 
DA BA DEE DA BA DIE
This is such a fucking good photo goddamn 
HES SUCH A GUD BOI
My cousin just recently got a new puppy and looks exactly like this with the blue eyes and his name is also Blue (or Blu?)! It's adorable but he's teething and his teeth are very sharp and actually hurts when he nips you :(
I have a English bulldog puppy and her tongue always sticks out
 
YOU'RE MY BOY BLUE!!
What breed is this wowwwwwwww
*dead*
Your my Boy Blu! 
Blep!
Mblep
I'm blu da ba dee da ba daa
^mlem
What kind of dog is he?
The name is perfect!
Omg!!!!!! I want !!!! 
Did anyone else think TF2 when seeing his name tag?
Builders League United?
What a handsome puppy
Damn that dog is adorable 
R/blep
Wait is that real?
In summer my Pomeranian s 1 feet tongue is always out
Aw adorable!
Blep master! 
You're my boy blue
Hey we have a pom named bleux 
His collar's blue, his name is "Blu", one of his collar tags is blue, his fur looks blue bc of the lighting, his shadow looks blue bc of the lighting, his eyes look blue...

This dog is the embodiment of magenta
Man that's one good looking dog .. definitely gonna get all the bitches when he grows up
I have a dog named Blue! He’s an Australian Shepard-Lab mix, with beautiful blue eyes, with a splotch of brown
That is a gorgeous dog!
Impossible
wow! Beautiful pet and impeccable image quality. 
OMG. That tongue sticking out makes me chuckle.
You're my boy, Blu!
Way oversharpened. But cute dog
Does he hide clues?
that is a wicked pup and perfect name
This dog is more photogenic than me sigh.
You're my boy Blu!

Edit: God dammit. Top comment best comment... 
I named my dog Blu and spelled it the same way!
I love how you groomed him. His fur look so clean.
Oh my god he’s the absolute cutest
II WANT THIS DOGGG!! I haven’t give in yet, but if I saw this pup up for adoption, I would get him in a second. 
May this beautiful dog grow past 30. Adorable!

That dog looks fake
OMG , he`s adorable .
I love him
Oh my god part of me that died just came back to life
Why is he so cute 
Permi-blep
Is he your boy? Is Blu your boy? 
Beautiful dog! 
Your lawn and your dog are beautiful.
Brings new meaning to: “You’re mah boy, Blue!”
r/mlem
So to him it's always Tongue out Tuesday.  
Blu's Clues.
He is looking adorable. 
So adorable and I see that he is so sweet and happy....
If only they stayed this size forever 😭🙏❤️
Very cute dog!
Looks expensive. Prettiest dog eyes I've ever seen.
Dapper pupper 
What breed is he? So cute!
You my boy, Blu!
Mr. Blu Sky
Yourrrreeee mah boyyyy bluuuuuu!!
Mine did this when she was a puppy. She still does it. Cracks me up because it’s her derp face. 
How can something look fluffy and not fluffy at the same time?
I want to hug. 
I would die for him.
I had a dog
And his name was blue
And Old blu was mighty true
Beautiful 💓
That has to be most beautiful Pitt that I've seen
His cuteness killed me
/r/bleps
Ok, this might be the most adorable pupper I’ve ever seen. OP is the luckiest person in the world, being able to get cuddles from that slick Bradley Cooper eyed boi!
This dog made me curse out loud
The Blu does a blep
Hello There!
He's gray.
Get him over to /r/blop STAT!
r/blep
So damn Handsome!
Cherish yo dog! Rub that muthafucka!
You're a good boy blu!
If Blue skidoos, well, you can too!
So many beautiful dogs in this thread, I want one too. 
What breed is this? Pitbull what? 
He's adorable.
Artificial grass.  Maybe the dog too.  A little too perfect 
Post this to /r/blep!! 
I love you Blu ;w; 
You’re my boy, Blu.
“You’re my good boy, Blu!”
he looks like he's 3d rendered, done very well, but still looks fake
What a cutie. Enjoy. They are such good dogs.
Bluup
Such a sweet face! Snuggles from me at least.
What a handsome little guy! Outstanding!
My lhasa used to do this. I liked to poke it when he was sleeping and it got all dry. 
wow that is a beautiful specimen 
He looks like Van Gogh painted him.
This little dog is very cute. I like him very much
I need to kiss this puppy. 
This took my breath away omG
Remarkably good photo.
r/blep
Love you Blu!
[happy birthday dog](https://clipartxtras.com/categories/view/8267f41f5648280a739ea48619d1461e605dd5ee/happy-birthday-dog-clipart.html)!
Amazing dog!
Please post daily pics of Blu. 
Such a cute boy! 😍
Awww, does he have an underbite? My boxer does and her tongue pokes out like this sometimes (esp when she’s sleepy.) I think it’s the cutest thing. 
haha. My girl does the same thing. I think it’s a blue nose pit thing with the short snouts and long tongues. Adorable.
 i would do anything for him
That’s called a blep ! He’s very cute !! 
What kind of dog?
He looks like my ideal dream dog!! So cute!!!
/r/mlem
Blu, the blue pit with a permanent blep.

So gosh dang cute.
One of the cutest dogs I’ve ever seen!
Omg I love him!!!!
so he was the one emailing Simon this whole time!
He looks fake!!! So handsome! You got lucky, he's gorgeous!!
Bleb Bleb
This little dog is very cute. I like him very much
such a cute dog!
r/blop
Nawwwww he is gorgeous. 
Until he bites it one time real good
Blue’s clues? 
[You should play this song for him](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ceWKrsJX9N4)
Reminds me of Gir.
Omg the baby 
There can be only one...blue. 
You my boy blu
I had to follow... 
If blu ever has puppies I want one! He could be a pooch model
He is tooo cute 
No way this isn't CGI.
Not real?
Cute name, how did you come up with it?
It looks more like a lower lip than a tongue though 
Permanent Blep
That grass patch is now blessed 
Blue is, in fact, pretty much blue.
r/mlem
I hope everyone pronounces it “bluh.”
This dog  has charisma
Sorry but that's a Fisher, as a representative of the fish and wildlife association I must take him to my rehabilitation center for cuddles and playtime. 
Haters will say this is photoshopped
Beautiful!! His eyes are amazing! All the blue nosed that I ever owned had Amber or brown eyes
r/mlem
Disappointed that his name isn’t on the red tag.
Yup that’s my name
Youre my (good) boy BLUE! 
Awesome dude! My dog Winston’s tongue sticks out all the time too
If Blu skidoo, we can too!
Oh my word he has such a beautiful expression of love on his face. I hope you are together for a very, very long time. 💖
Very cute dog! Thanks for sharing. Hope you have a long happy life together.
r/blop
Is your name Mac?
I had one for 12 years...his tongue always stuck out, too. We used to fuck with him while he was sleeping....touch his tongue and it would start to twitch. 
camera?
Why does he have human eyes 
What an incredible cutie! He hasn’t grown into his tongue yet.
This doesnt even look real! Please tell me where I can get a pup that looks like this. Absolutely beautiful!
So does mine
AWWW
little guy looks like a Google Pixel fabric case! 😁
He’s SO CG!! Beautiful! What program did you use? JK!
My brother has a boxer whose tongue does the same thing only more of it shows I think her deal is an underbite...
What a handsome boy!  You are so lucky to have him!💙💙💙💙
What kind of camera and lens was this taken with... it's gotta be huge. 
What breed of pupper is this??? 
GUHHHHH!!!!
Fuckin adorable. Like a plushy. 👍
I am not a master of dog breeds, what breed is Blu? I think I want a doggo now. 😀
Rover(andom)? 
❤️❤️❤️
He's one of the cutest pups I've ever laid eyes upon. 
Holy shit. That is a cute dog.
mlem. My dog does this too! 
Not a big dog guy, but that is one handsome dog.
He’s so perfect 
That is without a doubt the most breathtaking pupper I have ever seen. 
Won't his tongue eventually set out? Can't be good for him. 
Handsome
Named after a phone brand
This is my favorite thing a dog could ever possibly do 😍
He looks like his name could be Pixar
That dog doesn't even look real. He looks like a stuffed animal. So cute. 
r/dogberg
It’s so vivid that it looks fake! How??
gonewild
I super love this dog. He looks like one of those velvety animal figurines.
So cute!!!
I had a dog named just like that "Blu". He was the runt if the litter he had a blue collar so there name stuck. He ended up growing huge and was the biggest knuckle head ever. He was my favorite dog ever, really was my best friend. Whenever I think about him he still brings a tear to my eye. Miss you Blu Blu rip
Forever blep!
Little Boy Blu.
Blep
EYES!
Boop the snoot and respect the blep!
"beh" - Blu
Is it CGI ? Hah So cute! <3
Blep

Please show /r/mlem and /r/blep his next close-ups
Boop his snoot for me
My Grandma and Grandpa’s old dog was named Blu 😢
Blu also my dog name. 
Camera so damn good makes him look fake 😂.  So adorable though!
Out of curiosity, does he heave all his teeth? I'm only asking because I have 2 chihuahuas that, as they got older, needed all their teeth removed (common dental issues with small breeds) & they don't have teeth to contain their tongues in their mouths. I always say they're "derping," when they're tongues are sticking out.
Blu blu, you good dog you
My old Maltese, Carl, did this. His tongue was too big for his mouth so he didn’t really have an option. 
That is not a dog. That is a dream come to life. 😍
What kind of dog is this??
What breed is he. 
I literally "awww"ed out loud 
He's such a cute blep
Will someone please get that good boy a treat?!
I had an amstaff just like that. His eyes changed color within a year.
The eternal mlem.
That fur.... Perfection 💙
Ultra wholesome perma-blep! <3
My aunt has the exact same dog, same name and same look! I hope he brings as much joy as our Blue has brought us
I want a Blu too
I want it
Thats one ugly fucking dog.
That is a great looking dog  
BLU! YOU’RE MY BOY BLU!
You’re ma boy blu!
Your dog should be the star of the next huge Pixar movie. 
Just wait for his snoot to grow oot. 
[/r/Blep](https://www.reddit.com/r/Blep/)
You have the sweetest puppy ever!
What computer program did you make this wonderful piece of art with?
Blue, you're my boy!
Just like his human dad. 😂
Blu is flippin' adorable!

Omg he is perfect! 
He is in constant disapproval of you and your choices. 
Human eyes
r/blop 
This dog has a human eyes..
r/blop
Was this some kind of iMAX portable camera? It looks better than real life! Amazing.
The Blep becomes the blup
What breed is that?
Cute dog.
bleppiest doggo
/r/blop
That's some nice fucking grass.
Blu? More like r/blep
https://i.imgur.com/Ihis7y6.jpg my dog is Blu too! 
I had a dog and his name was Blu  
And I betcha five dollars he's a good dog, too  
Come on, Blu  
You good dog, you  
I approve of this pupper
Builders League United r/tf2
What an unusual colour!
omg so cute.

and this begs the question: is this the most upvoted dog on reddit??
He has a beautiful coat
AYEE! my little dog's tongue does that too! it's the cutest
Well hello Blu, nice doggo. 
The technically term for that is “blep” 
He kind of looks human
Hey there handsome! I'm Blu too!  

https://i.imgur.com/IxFSkHP.jpg
Whenever my dogs do this I just HAVE TO touch it. One fingertip. Just gently swiping it from the bottom of the nose to the end of the tongue. I usually only manage one stroke, unless they're sleeping. 
Anyone else notice the little frog on the right, about 2/3 down? :3
What breed is this? 
You are my boy, Blu!!
I woulda spent it Bleu, like the cheese. 
Adorable boy! 
Is this real?! Is the grass fake? Why so sharp. This photo is surreal.
^cute^cute
He looks like a statue
So if I keep my tongue out like this little dog here then people will find me cute?  
That is a seriously GORGEOUS dog.... 
Oh my god it's the permanent blep
Oh so beautiful! 
I wish you were my boy, Blu!
It's wacko! From animaniacs
24/7 blep.

Decent
He can’t be real!😍😍
Absolutely adorable! My heart just melted. 
Stella Blu
Does he leave clues?
Does your name happen to be Mac?
The dog and the grass look CG.  I'm calling shenanigans.
Got any gifs/vids of this lil guy playing around, doing zoomies, et al?

Asking, for a me.
Those eyes, I am kind of creeped now...
:P
So cute!!!
What breed of dog is this ? 
My baby does the tongue thing too ❤ dogs are too precious for this world
Your dog is very cute
So cute!!!
So does mine
Wow. Adorable. 
Specially he's eyes very beautiful and his attitude
Blu's Cluuuues Blu's clues, you know what to do!
adopt, don't shop!
Beautiful grass!
but he grey
I know its really cute, but an elongated tongue is a genetic defect that can cause serious health problems, including problems eating, drinking, biting the tongue (and resulting infections), and if it's severe enough, breathing problems. 
HE LOOKS CUTE AF
You're my good boy Blu!
This pup redefines cute. 💙
A grim!
What are you looking at?
He's a handsome devil! 
Ridiculously photogenic dog
r/mlem
Those is people eyes. 
My boy blue
i think he just blu himself 
This is my new dog, Blurp. His tounge derps out like this all the time.
Blues are the best
Creepy
r/blop
Beautiful wee B.B. 
"YOU MY BOY BLU" 
r/blop
He's perfect.
Perma-mlem 
/r/blop
I grew up with a mastiff named Blu. He was the brother I needed and didn’t deserve. He was the best friend I ever had. May your Blu be to you what mine was to me, op. 
Look at his feets!
We call that 'blep'
Either put that tongue away or change his name to blew. 
Love him already
A good boy blep 
What kind of dog is that? 
Is that real or fake grass? 
Is that a bull dog ?

he is beautiful and doing a great job
My heart 😭❤️
r/mlem
Awww lil baby! 🤗 So precious. 
What a GORGEOUS dog. Oh my god. 
I miss when my pup was a pup. 
You’re my boy “Blu”!!!
Such a sweetie!!
This looks to cute to be real
I think you mean he's your boy.
He’s gorgeous!
That's not a dog. That's just a silly little puppy.
Keep an eye on him...too many people have the wrong idea about pitbulls :(
unreal!
What kind of pup?

what kinda pupper is this? pitbull?
There are exactly 500,185 blades of grass and 5,786,327 hairs on his body....that is the most detailed pupp pic I've ever seen. (No I didn't count) 
Seriously, great pic.
He might grow out of that.

Check out /r/dogs , /r/puppy101 , /r/dogtraining 

Don't bother with /r/puppies , it's just pictures, it doesn't have any resources
What kind of dog is he?
What a cute dog :O
r/blop
Omg. I want.
Song about ol' blu. https://youtu.be/CovN4vmr0Vg
does the other pendant state “red“?
What hapend with you old dog?
It's for balance and helps with his concentration.

A rare pup indeed.

LOL!
Nice try, thats a red spy.
I fucking cannot with that tiny face 😭
r/blop
😍😍
woow
What a beautiful dog
Blu Tongue Staffy
Blu! I love you! You can't be real!!
You can’t convince me that I’m not dead after this 
Perma-blep! 
r/blep
Needs more upvotes 
You should remove the name tag on his collar, could be used to lure him away by a doggy thief!!
Scrappy Doo?
I hope his eyes stay that color! My boy had a pit/ husky mix and his eyes stayed blue his whole life. His name was Blue.
He is adorable but a tongue that hangs out all the time is not a good thing. It may be cute now but it is a sign of something gone awry and can cause cause pain and discomfort as the dog gets older. If other puppies in the litter have the same problem then it could be from irresponsible breeding or it could be a neurological disorder. 
Remind me of this https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=zl7PwY7RXMU
He has to grow into his paws and his tongue 
What a sweet boy!!
Does the other name tag say red? 
That’s not your dog, that’s the main character in a new Pixar movie.
You know animals like that are teally inbred, that May be the reason his tongue is out all the time
Perfection.
Named after BLU team from Team Fortress 2?
Bet you five dollars he's a good dog too
why not just name him blep then


cute doggo btw 10/10 would aww again
Hi Steve, is good to know you are still looking for the clues that dear blu puts for you.

~If he can so can I!~
r/blep
I heard he done treed a possum in a hollow log. But it looks like he's had a bath since then. Good dog, Blu.
It's  obvious  the dog was named after his nametag  and collar. What a coincidence!
G'day Blu, how's it treating you?
He has Hunan eyes!
Blep Blup
His tongue looks like badly photoshopped 
I love him
Omg, he is such a little cutie! 😄
perma mlem
What a cutie 😛 Our cat has its tongue out of its mouth all the time as well 🤣
How cute a dog ! I really like it when I first saw it .I think you are a good breeder  so you can get this so lovely dog.
I named my first dog blue. He was a black lab I had him from 4-26 best friend a kid could ask for. 
what's this good boye's breed?
His fur looks so good
Aaannnddd I'm in love.
r/blep would love this
He looks like a 3D render!
Jesus, what a handsome guy. How can one even be a cat person when faced with this?
You my boy, Blu.
Looks like Scrappy Doo from the live action movie 
He is ridiculously adorable!!
I've found female dogs are MUCH easier to housebreak, but males are a little easier  to teach tricks. Half the time  they teach themselves. About 20 years ago, whenever  I pulled out my rolling papers, he'd go to my "undiscoverable" hiding place and bring me my stash. Then he'd curl up next to me. I've heard a thousand  times that dogs don't  like pot, but Cheyenne  sure did.
This dog isn't real. No way.
what breed is that?
Such a friggin cutie!
r/mlem
This is so real it looks fake.. 
He has the most amazingly human eyes... looks like there's a person in there. 
I'll bet he can find clues!
He's beautiful 
This is the sharpest image there ever was!
Rocco
Love the derp!!
MLEM ALL THE TINGS!
What breed is this???
Probably slight over bite. My dogs tongue is out all of the time and even more extream.
What dog is this?
Gorgeous! Make sure you get him some training and socialise him early. Wonderful dogs.
Should his name not be "blep" instead?
Gorgeous dog.  Which breed of terrier is he mixed with? 
I feel like I need to boop his nose 
"You're my boy Blu!"
OMG YES.  ANYTHING YOU WANT!  MUST PLAY WITH
Opposed to Red? (I used to be a **huge** TF2 fan.)
Well, you know he's a piddler and slightly derpy, so I'll just have to take him off your hands.  Trust me, it's for the best for all parties involved.
Baby blu
Those breeds are so cute. What breed is it ? Pit bull dachshund
IT'S HOT IN TOPEKA
