This is the best video with ISIS in the title I've ever seen.
That man just had his entire history of decisions leading to that job validated in an instant. 

Edit: holy shit. I just noticed the karma... Welp, this one is never going to get beat.
Thank you Iraqi Tom Selleck
I wasn't expecting the kid to say that. Thought it would be something more cheesy that I could brush off. Fuck it hit me right in the feels 
Did anyone else think the kid was about to be like “I hate school” but instead he delivered a silver bullet right into my heart
[deleted]
Aaaaaand now everyone's crying 
Guarantee that man cried about that moment later that night.
I love you. Powerful words. 
“Don’t be scared, raise your hands up!” 

As a teacher...ooof...RIGHT IN THE FEELS.
That soldier's a handsome fellow.
How come the news never talks about ISIS anymore?
Omg, that child looks about the same age as my son.

Gonna go cry on my son now.
[deleted]
What is this from?
Tears IMMEDIATELY sprang to my eyes as soon as he said "Because I love you". My heart is hurting for these kids.
Before watching the gif: Yeah ok, whatever

After watching the gif: :(((
Spending sometime through the middle east can really change a person. The toughest mother fucker will melt when supporting any type of aid mission. Helping these wartorn families, seeing the displacement, the pain and lose.... then at the sametime seeing the hope and joy that they still have. The hardest thing I ever did there was support an orphanage. Hundreds of children that are still just kids in the mist of all thats going on....oh fuck I cant even type this. Its just so inspiring that these kids and overcome so much! 
I feel like this is what the Iraqi soldiers truly live for. They may get broken down mentally, live in fear, want to die, and tons of other stressful situations, but when you get this, someone you help and save and they express their gratitude so much like that, nothing else matters at that moment
I've seen some shit... Unfortunately that 8yr old's seen more.
[deleted]
God bless this powerful post wow
r/wholesome
THIS is the difference between a liberator and an invader 
Is this part of a larger series? Also, I can't believe how people can discriminate against a whole group of people. This is just proof that we're all human, some of us are just bad but never all of us
Beautiful, truly beautiful. May he and the other children have peaceful happy lives, and obtain the best education they can. 
When I was in kindergarten, I would cry and hide under my desk when the older class kids came into the room to read books with us because I was happy and embarrassed.
Wow this really really got me. As someone who could've easily been in this situation had my parents not decided to escape. Bless that man and those kids. 
Dead link? Mirror? 
Holy shit, every time I see the tenderness and compassion in that man's eyes when he pulls in the little boy for a hug, my eyeballs sweat.
So uh, mirror?
No one's gonna mention dark haired Kakashi Sensei!?
[deleted]
Mirror?
I’m not crying, you’re crying.
Mirror: https://streamable.com/zjkol

TIL everything showing the humanity of a soldier is war propoganda.
>404 Not Found

Well, that's ominous. 
When kids actually want to go to school they can’t or don’t have one. When there is a school kids can go, they don’t want to go. 
When everyone is talking about how sad the gif is but you can’t even get it to load
Won’t load for me, what was said?

Source?
I think that's the god damn sweetest thing I've ever seen

Made me cry. So much humanity and bravery. Purpose and action
I just got home from work and don't want to make a big sob story here but I love this so much.

I teach first grade. One of my students is from Syria, his family came here this past year to escape everything going on over there.  His life would be so different if his parents didn't move their family here.  He had zero education before coming into my class, and is now one of my best behaved and hardest working students.  I am so fucking proud of him.
404 Not Found
I'm not crying on the subway.. you're crying on the subway...
Awesome video...best thing I will watch all week
People in this country can’t even begin to fathom some of the horrors those children go through. 
Whenever someone says Muslims are complicit with ISIS, show them this video. Let it be known that it was a MUSLIM army that fought ISIS and WON
[Mirror](https://imgur.com/a/STHpv)
This gave a god damn case of the feels and I don’t like it. 
Must be the best feeling ever. Wow!
Truly heartwarming to see something so happy come from a region where only the negative aspects are covered by the news
I don't think it can be stated enough that these kids seeing Iraqi soldiers as the liberators is so good. Hopefully the blood sweat and tears these people are putting into retaking their own country from ISIS is going to push them to create a country that can stand proudly. 
I thought it was a joke because it said "404 Not Found" for me
This is absolutely heartbreaking and heartwarming at the exact same time. 

Poor kids won't get to experience too much of a regular childhood after something like that.
This is the best thing i’ve seen in a while.
hug of death?  mirror?
Page is 404
Anyone got a better link, not playing for me
404 Not Found as of right now.
I was really really waiting for him to say " I don't want to go back to school" 
WHO THE HELL IS SLICING ONIONS RIGHT NOW??
I’ve been to Iraq a week ago and the country seems to have recovered 


I like how they never give up even to the hardest things

Hope them the best
My life's saddest memories were made in Iraq. It makes me so happy that things are looking up for these kids now. 
Apparently it doesn't play on my mobile device.
PAGE NOT FOUND - 



Anyone have a MIRROR???
This is what liberation looks like
Right in the feels. Can't think of a more impact thanks to validate this man's choice to put his life on the line for his people.
#my fucking heart
I'm a heathen atheist, but people need to remember this before vilifying all muslims.
Wow. I haven't gotten actual feels from a gif in quite a while.
Link is dead. 
Current link is dead.  Does anyone have another one?
Who the fuck is cutting onions 
Wow!
I've heard stories of concentration camp survivors having the same reaction. It's pretty universal.  The children can breathe again.  Can't imagine what it feels like, but that's my guess.
Why are you crying?? "Cause I have to go back to school"
This is what people in America need to see when they say they live in a country where they feel oppressed. No, this right here shows the true meaning of being oppressed and losing everything you have because of war and greed. Seeing this made me tear up. Bravo to those soldiers. 
Sad to think that an alarming percentage of Americans just think all these people are bad. 
These are real man tears
Who didn't cry? ...I'm starting my day with red puffy eyes
Shit like this makes me want to grab a gun and kill bad people.   
edit for irony: lots of people think I'm a bad people
و كلنا نحبك همين.
This was just what I needed today.
r/HumansBeingBros
Ok my pregnant ass needs to get off this sub reddit cuz I'm so so sick of crying lol
I want to see this on Fox News 
Fuck isis
Damn this really got me. Bet the soldier was trying his hardest not to cry during that moment. This is only a fraction of what he encounters in his job, not to mention this specific fraction was the better one out of all the numerous shitty ones. It must be so rewarding for him. And also love his affection by instinctively kissing the children like his own. This is so heartbreaking and heart warming at the same time.
Anyone else think he was gona say "I don't want to go back to school"? 
Am I the only one that thought he was crying because the guy said he had to go back to school?
If the people of Iraq and Syria and Iran could just live their lives. Selling fruit. Fixing cars. Going to school. Teaching at school. Firefighters. Doctors. Parents. Children. Brothers. Sisters. 
I thank you for this post. I had a shit day at work and this was the top of my feed. This just turned my day around. 
That kid just got genuine love and affirmation from a dude who layed down his life for him. 

He won't go forgetting that in a hurry. 
Damn, I’m not trying to cry at work dude. 
This is the kind of propaganda that wins wars.
Is it normal to kiss people you just met in Iraq?
“you will go back to school”

Turns around and sprints back to ISIS
Why the fuck did we fuck up the middle East so bad. The world's richest democracy backed the strictest Islamic regimes, backstabbed their Iraqi puppet and destabilised the whole region just to keep some liquid fossils readily available. 
Ok and now I'm crying 
'Because I love you'

I'm not crying, you're crying.
It's good to see them finally fighting for their country. Spent a year there working with them just to be stabbed in the back by countless Iraqi soldiers. 

Seeing that hit me in the feels. Most of you don't realize how fucked that place really is. 
This is why we fight. I am against interventionism, but with the islamic state it's another story. Militarized radicals - no matter what they believe - need soldiers to fight them back.
Omg right in the feels. I physically grabbed my chest 
Oh my God that was beautiful. 
I'm crying in a waiting room now...
That man shed manly tears that night.
Ugh all the feels. 

I’m not crying! YOU’RE crying!
WE ALL NEED SOME BENDRYL
And... now I'm crying too. That soldier looks like a stereotypical hero type. 
Poor baby. Not fair. So sad. 
Thank fucking goodness.

Respect to those soldiers for what they do.
Source video, anyone?
Keith Hernandez

True service right there, a proud and humbling moment for any soldier. The child's reaction... I am SO thankful for the children of this world, they give me hope.
That guy needs a promotion for being wholesome!
In Canada, the right wing would likely demand these children face life in prison for 'terrorism'
I was working and I clicked on this real quick while something was loading. I don't remember what I was doing anymore, or if it even mattered.
Not to wax sentimental, but that man will remember that moment with perfect clarity for the rest of his life.  The details of the before and the after will be blurry and hectic, but he will remember the pressure of that hug, the dust in the air, the smell in his nose and the lump in his throat until his last day.  The boy will remember him too.  He is the man that took away the fear and put hope in its place.  
Faith in humanity has been restored.
None of us can imagine what this child has endured. And I pray none of us will. 
broke my fucking heart. thanks. wish i was helping these children. or any.
children deserve so much better.
Bless his little heart. 
How beautiful 
I've watched this ten times and I'm still crying.
This is from 'Chain of Command' on Nat Geo if anyone is interested. It's a great series
After being out here near the Pakistan border for almost a year, this is nice to see. I hope that boy gets an education and becomes something. You get worn out seeing the same shit everyday.
This is what I look like after scavenging in PUBG. 
Legit, dont hate a group of people based on belief, help them understand to build a better world. Knowledge is key to all folks
That’s the sweetest damn thing, I actually cried a little 
That generation of children is going to do something amazing in a few decades
Is that Magnum PI????
Children being witness to any kind of violence breaks my heart. I hope these kids are now in education, playing outside and have many, many friends.
Fuck ISIS 
Totally thought he was going to say he's crying because he doesn't want to go back to school
Delivered from Hell.

I hope he has a future somehow. 
This made me cry. And it’s EXTREMELY hard for me to weep to something, but this is just heartwarming and wholesome. Truly amazing and magnificent heroes of our time
Wow unexpected gut punch at the end there. Made my eyes water.
Dennis Reynolds in the back grabbing some screen time
As a vet who helped train Iraqi Army soldiers during my deployment... This warms my heart so much it makes me want to cry.
This man has such a kind face 
In all the justification I've seen for ISIS actions from various blackhearted sources; this reminds me that the people they hurt are innocent.  This is beautiful.  Bless that man and child.
That dude looks so much like Saddam Hussein. 
I hope our fumbling around, white knight, ham-fisted attempts to do good, actually give those people a chance for a change.
I'm not a cryer but damn. Ya got me. 
It's been removed?
FUCK ISIS!!!!
Shut up, I'm not crying you're crying. 
As beautiful as this is, I totally thought he was going to say he was crying because he didn't want to go to school. I'm a teacher, maybe this is why haha
A true hero to that kid
free the guys 💯
Former military here. That got me RIGHT in the feels. Good golly. 
I'm fucking crying
It's gone? Where's the vid!!!
Happy tears AND an Iraqi Tom Selleck. Reddit, you spoil us.
Superheroes exist.
I really want a sound version 
"why are you crying?"
"Because I don't want to go back to school"
I legit thought that was a video game cinematic based on their movements and the lighting
❤😭❤😭❤😭❤😭❤😭❤
TIL Burt Reynolds rescues kids from ISIS.
If cry tears of joy too if I was rescued by Iraqi Magnum P.I. 
When he asked the boy why is he crying, something in me expected him to say "I don't want to go back to school". I know. 
Its been taken down or deleted, anyone have a new link?
I wish we all could do more. It’s so hard with our jobs, the day to day and anxiety caused from things we can’t control. I wish we all would get together to actually do something. We could. It’s a very tangible thing. 
It gets better with every loop
This is the first /raww I actually verbally said awwww, so wholesome 
And my heart grew three sizes this day
That's what the duck I'm talking about. Iraqis taking back Iraq. They way it should have been since 2004.
u/christinampaez did you see this
Well helllo there Iraqi Tom Selleck ;)
This made me cry
I like the 5.11 promo
Fuck war.
Somebody get me that soldier's phone number
OMG tears everywhere. 
You Tube channel Al Shahid shows many such videos.  It's pro Iraq government.  Which I think is good.
The whole area is so fucked up, it's hard to remember real people live there and that shit is for real...
Foreign military occupations tend to radicalize local populations and breed violent insurgencies.

ISIS is blowback from the U.S. invasion and occupation of Iraq. Listen to David Kilcullen, a former adviser to both Gen. David Petraeus and former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, considered to be one of the world’s leading counter-insurgency experts. “We have to recognize that a lot of the problem is of our own making,” Kilcullen told Channel 4 News in March 2016. “There, undeniably, would be no ISIS if we hadn’t invaded Iraq.”
Ugh the feels. I give my total respect out to all the foreign forces battling ISIS. Most of them have very little resources compared to the US military, yet they’ve been relentless ever since ISIS started shit.
[Source](https://youtu.be/0zt5Dj0rxYk?t=2186)
[deleted]
I thought the kid was gonna say "I don't wanna go back to school" 🤣😂
I'm not crying, you're crying
I am all for fighting ISIS, I am all for supporting these men in uniform, but I can't shake the feeling this video gives me. It's got propaganda written all over it. I feel like everyone in that situation would be in way worse condition. I don't doubt that this is a reality in many different places, armed forces helping people, it just seemed a little staged here. Inb4, I am an awful person for thinking this, I'm just really skeptical/cynical these days w all the shit news out there coming from all sides
Should not have watched that at my desk.
And that kid's name? Ted Moseby
After serving in Iraq for two years, this feels so much better than any thanks I got as an American soldier from Iraqis for getting rid of Saddam or saving them from insurgents that occupied their city. I feel like this boy and Iraqi soldier should be flown onto an Aircraft carrier with a "Mission Accomplished" banner behind them.
What's sad to me, here in this gif, is that I recognize that look on that child's face. It's a look parents are familiar with, it's that look of relief wrapped in fear. What makes this better as a gif then a clip with audio is that you can only see, not hear, that reserved happiness. What's more is that when my child has that look, it's because she got punished for something, like not cleaning her room or clearing her plate at dinner and has to do the dishes. This look, is the look of relief that he's not going to be killed, sold into slavery or raped. It's images like these that really resonate with me because regardless of where we are, what we do, how we're raised or what religion we practice or don't practice, we all have the same basic 7 emotions. His relief is different than yours, you feel relieved because you didn't fuck up that order, or you didn't get fired because you forgot that tps report. His is that he didn't get murdered, raped or sold. With that, I'm certain you didn't think of it that way because, why would you? Our and everything else that struggles for life and to exist has many different hurdles to leap. Mine is finances, high taxes and unreasonable rent costs. His is litterarly just living and getting an education. Fuck, were all humans, were all part of the same planet, solar system and universe, it matters not what you believe is the right way to live. Just live. Then die, like the rest of us. The only ones that know what happens when we die are dead people. I'd rather be wrong about being an atheist then worship something that encourages death, rape and other stupid shit. Maybe just appreciate life. Maybe just for once instead of judging that person, accept them. Being decent doesn't cost that much, maybe a conversation, your time, or maybe even a buck or two. This breaks my heart because we live in a time where we don't need it deserve this type of oppression. I'm mobile, sorry. Enjoy your day, this made mine. 
Stuff like this makes you realize that everyone wants the same thing no matter the culture. But the few in power keep us separated. 
I'm not crying! I'm cutting onions! 
War is never adorable or upvoteworthy. My English Grandfather was imprisoned during WW2 for refusing his summons. Maybe I am from a family of cucks but I honestly believe that killing another human is neither manly nor cool. Everybody is only fighting because they were told to and are following orders. Let's all agree it isn't necessary and stop glorifying killers. Or let's downvote this comment and I can see where we are headed..
Did anyone else catch the little kid hold up the ISIS hand gesture when he was told to raise his hands up. Everyone else held up the peace sign, and he held up the ISIS one finger. You can see they correct him and he changes it to the peace sign. Really sad that they had to go through that.
THIS is why peace is not the answer.  THIS is why we fight.  THIS is why we cannot turn a blind eye to the evil in the world.
I was ready for him to say he didn’t want to go back to school.
For a second there, I thought he's crying because he has to go back to school.
God damned onionchopping ninjas. 
The pollen here is atrocious. 
I just stepped on a handful of legos nbd. 

ALRIGHT FINE I'M FUCKING CRYING. *ARE YOU HAPPY NOW*  [sobs into phone screen]
That's actually Tom Sellek and Glenn Howerton
This so reminiscent of the footage from when the allies liberated Europe during WW2, with the soldiers meeting the locals.
You could keep him, I got a whole box of them. 

This is too adorable.
Oh the warm rushes, how I love you
source?
*God's Plan starts playing*
The beautiful humanity
/r/frisson
[deleted]
Dennis on the left
Operation Iraqi teardrops
Sometimes I believe that humanity is stupid

Then I see this and it kills it in one blow
Anyone else see the punisher in the back? 
Ouh man
Was convinced the kid was going to say "...but I hate school!"

Feeling all the feels instead.
Holy shit I went from bad mood to crying in two seconds. 
Cool, yeah. Guess this'll just be one of those "crying on the bus" kinda days. 
Thank you 5.11
I'm crying. Thanks tiny liberated child. 
awww, that was super sweet

This is so wholesome 
Bless his heart.
You don’t know what you have until it’s gone. 

But when you get it back, that’s the best shit ever. 
Sometimes war does have a bright side even if it’s the most evil thing we can do. 
I thought Saddam Hussein liberated Iraq; then I was like........no
Aww❤️❤️
I was good until the kid started crying. After that all I saw was waterfalls.
Absolutely beautiful. This cold heart just got a little warmer
oh man that hit me like a freight train. ♥️♥️♥️
This is the sweetest thing I have ever seen. 
Hopefully the kid learns that he doesn't have to raise up only his index finger in the future.
Aww
Link to the whole documentary? 
Wow now I really want to watch the whole documentary, so heart warming! The logo is quite obvious, national geographic, where is this gif from? Which documentary/program? 
Damn man I started crying right away.
Is that Dennis Reynolds in the back?
Does 5.11 Tactical sponsor Iraqi soldiers?
A life-altering choice justified in a single moment
Is there a condition that exists where it's difficult to shed a tear? I was trying to tear up but I couldn't create a tear in my eye and I got a burning sensation.
That's a hero.
Wait, what happens in your late 20's? 
 
Sincerely, 
 
Early 20's guy 

F IRE @ SS
r/humansbeingbros
Reminds me of Judge Doom from Who Framed Roger Rabbit https://i.imgur.com/DL8R8uB_d.jpg 

Looks like 80's early 90's footage for some reason 
This warmed by cold dead heart that I didn’t know I had...
I wonder if ISIS ever tried recreating a scene like this for the purpose of propaganda 
Will girls go to school too ?
That boy's been keeping that in for a while...
I like that show chain of command 
Fucking hell this breaks my hurt. At his age i was playing with my power rangers at school 
 Can’t fucking imagine the pain and suffering happening every day in that part of the world.  
Sucks that we’ll be in that region indefinitely, it seems like most of the time we just increase suffering. 
i'm fully crying. fuck
Heroes. 
Ah fuck, the world is a piece of shit. I hate it when something makes me cry for the best and worst reasons at the same time.
Is that solder Demián Bichir
I welled up.
Casual *Arabic Naruto* in the background.

Or Yamato maybe?
Awww, kiddo! 
Finka....Valkyrie? 
Is this real? I want to know because this really warms my heart.
Warms my heart (truely) after being in that region before. If you've spent some time there, your heart (should) be connected to their sucsess. 

This is from the series “Chain of Command”. A bit cheesy at points but very informative regarding the relationship between boots on ground and higher headquarters command 
This is from Chain of Command on National Geographic. An amazing series about the fight on extreme terrorism. I have never cried so much from a show before this one. I recommend it. 
This warms my heart. 
My heart
So sweet 
When he puts his little hand on his arm :( 
This made me feel so good.
God damn it man, I'm at work!  Got super dusty all of a sudden.
As an extreme anti-war liberal it's funny how it takes seeing another countries military to really be able to see a soldier as a hero. Thanks for muddying my perspective! Damn you!
I’ve had a very frustrating day and this just melted my heart. 
Freddy Mercury really was savage AF
Oh, my heart :'(
+4 humanity
Man, this is beautiful 
God damn. My heart sank and tears filled my eyes.
to see a child crying because they're feeling love....is almost heartbreaking in its own way, as I don't see that a lot in the children I know.

This is really beautiful
That is heart wrenching. 
pretty cool
I'd make a movie about this. 
dude in the back with the headband look like he came straight out of Naruto.
So many things we take for granted. Freedom is worth fighting for 
Kripp is that you
I legit thought the kid was gonna say "because I don't want to go back to school."
Damn onions
I'm not crying.... it's allergies....
Aww 

Kids are best. Soldiers also are.
I love this video more than I love kitty videos.
Right in the feels
IM CRYING TOO FIRAS
I thought he was crying cause he had to go back to school. 
I was expecting him to say "because I have to go back to school", and I'm certain I'm not the only one.
Whats this thing rolling down the side of my eye
This is absolutely gold
I'm not crying... I'm not crying... I'm not crying... Fuck I'm crying...
Damn man them is some feels right there 
I'm not crying, you're crying...
Does anyone have a link to the original video?
Love trumps hate in the end
This deserves a million golds.  I'm not even pregnant and this made me momma cry. 
I can’t imagine the things these kids have seen. This is beautiful. 
Thought the kid was gonna say, "But I don't wanna go back to school."
Goddamn this hit me hard. 
God damn it.  Where did all these onions come from??
TIL Tom Selleck was an Iraqi soldier. 
Manly tears incoming
Those soldiers look pretty badass, I like the one with the afro 
Omg. So many beautiful feelings in this video, pride, justice, Love, empathy. Just makes you feel good❤️
"Why are you crying?'

"Because you said now I have to go back to school"
*Cautiously looks around for white hats
Iraqis have such powerful mustache game.
Who the hell is chopping onions in here?!
Heartbreaking
Wow this really hit me in the feels. 
Is there a video of this? Because I’m gonna cry even harder if there’s an actual video. 
I cant beleive they only give the army level one 
helmets smh
Man. I just beat cancer but I don’t think I’ll ever feel something like that man did. Or even the kid. This just became one of my favorite clips of all time. Powerful as fuck. Inspiring. Makes me want to be more than I am.
I’ve always loved Tom Selleck. 
This is from Chain of Command (if I remember correctly). Highly recommend that mini series. 
Please don't be staged.... Please don't be staged.... 
I can not wait until Good prevails over all.
Awww good job guys
* text from dad *

why the fuck you crying so damn loud
It's a terrible day for rain
I'M NOT CRYING YOU'RE CRYING.
Dammit, you're gonna make me cry in a drive through parking lot? Reddit needs to warn me on this one! 
I'm not crying, you are.
Right in the fuckin feels, bro.
It’s a good sign to see Iraqi National  forces get a victory. 
Who's cutting onions?
Excuse me while I go cry in my corner. 
This guy looks like Tom Selleck [wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom_Selleck)
I dig Solid Sneikh on the left with the 5.11 tactical ear-warming fro-holder and mean mug.  lol
I just read +200 pages of "the kite runner" and now watching this video i cried again
Who's cutting onions in here
If that isn't heartbreaking I don't know what is.
Whoever is cuttin' those onions. STOP IT!
What in the world
My heart. 
Heros
I hope Iraq becomes the proud civilization it once was. So much potential.
My dumbass read, “Freed by ISIS” and wondered why there wasn’t more questioning in the comments
Awesome
Oh this hits me right in the feels man!
That was a good show.  Chain of Command
Didn’t know Tom Selleck was Iraqi. 
I half expected the kid to answer “why are you crying ?”
With”Because I don’t want to go to school. “

Beaten to the punch(line).
Crying now. These children have faced far more in their short lives than I will in a lifetime. May the gods smile upon and bless them forever. I don't even believe in God, but I hope at least they are blessed forever.
Anyone else think the soldier looks a bit like Tom Selleck?
I thought he was gonna say he was crying because he didn't want to go to school ha
... Well fuck I definitely do not want to watch this in public.
Now hopefully the Iraqi military has gotten the cohesion and experience to prevent this from ever happening again. 

Hard way to learn how to fight a war.
😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Oh man, this got me good. Poor little boy.
I'm not crying, you're crying!
I thought he was crying that he had to go back to school, I bet I would ;-;
I just cried a little.
This is the importance of the time and effort spent building the Iraqi forces.  The local people should be the liberators 
The "I love you" got me.
FREEDOM AND JUSTICE FOR ALL! ✊🏼
r/MadeMeSmile and r/MadeMeCry would appreciate this
why are you crying? because now I have to go to school again.
I thought he was gonna bitch about having to go back to class.
r/humansbeingbros
I hated being there. I went from feeling such hurt for everyone from there including kids to hating all of them including the kids, to coming home...getting out of the Army...back into society...back to hurting for them. Mostly for the children. 
This is beautiful. 
:')
This is now my favorite video on Reddit. 

Damn.  That's a moment right there.  On TV and all, it's a moment.
It's Wednesday morning and I'm crying in my office watching a few seconds of this. Perfect.
Goddammit I'm crying at work. 
The tequila I’m drinking requires all my moisture, otherwise I would be crying too, kid.
"Because I love you."...

Bye, everyone. My emotions are destroyed.
"Don't be scared, raise your hands up"

Man that was a powerful thing to say to those kids.
100% expected this kid to say "I don't want to go back to school" when he was crying.
This guy looks so much like my grandpa lol
Fuck isis.
Borat has come a long way since we saw him last.
The link does not work?
It would be nice if it fucking loaded
I can only upvote once!?
Come on! 
Is it just me or he kinda looks like Tom Selleck?
Awww. And he's a twin. <3
Man, I would be crying too tbh. 
I teared up. To spend your years fighting against such a hateful enemy and then being told a simple "I love you" by a child.

Fuck.
We truly take our opportunities for granted. These kids have literally have strangers fight ......FIGHT.....just for them to be free enough to go to school
*Magnum PI, at your service.*
Oscar from the office in the background
Did Saddam get reincarnated as a good dude?
Oh my word bless them
Glad to see Burt Reynolds helping out children in Iraq.
The look on that kid’s face when he says he’s crying because he loves them was heart-wrenching. 
Had to make sure I wasn’t on /r/unexpectedjihad then my heart was attacked anyway :,)
The soldier looks like an Iraqi Tom Selleck at the end.

(Edit): Wow. Really? Someone actually fucking said this, already? Unreal....
These countries could be so great if people would just not be crazy.
Those letters in the subtitles need a border of the opposite color to be seen against all backgrounds more easily. 
Only time I want to see children on this sub
Really need to be able to give more than just one up vote for somethings.
Those iraqi soldiers are the true definition of patriots. I think both the left and right wing of the U.S. could take a few notes.
Never forget there are still good people over there. #FuckISIS
Goddamn ninjas cutting onions...
Fuck me a gif has never made me get all choked up .
And now I'm crying, too. 
I thought he was going to say he was crying because he diddnt want to go back to school. 
I'm not crying, *you're* crying!
everybody loves magnum p.i.
oh my god my heart just shattered, what a sweet little boy
That is the epitome of a true warrior.
Shukran, habibi. I'm so happy the IA is handling business.  
This brought a tear to my eye, and I hate children.
This brings a tear to the eyes. Nice to know there are some real heroes nowadays. 
Isn't this what they told US soldiers would await them in Iraq?
I just want to say, why did the Iraqi army run and abandon them all in the first place? 
Hi I am crying
God dammit that Onion Ninja Did It Again!
A bittersweet moment indeed.  
It takes a moment like this to really drive home some of the reality war, sometimes more than seeing corpses.  The gratitude of still being alive, being free, and being able to study and work towards your future?  That makes the victims all the more important.
Choked up. Just wow. 
[deleted]
Is 511 tactical assisting with Iraqi soldiers and their freedom or is it just coincidental product placement? 😏😏
I'm not crying I'm just cutting onions for lasagna...for one
I read the title as “ This child after being fired from isis by Iraqi soldiers” 

I was so confused on why they haven’t started firing the isis fighters sooner. 
Asshole ISIS, these terrorist started as rebels who opposed the western powers who just wanted to exploit their lands, water, and resources  have been reduced to pure evil shit.

Once you commitment violence their is no turning back and it will take you over, FCK ISIS
Toddlers are so precious. I remember when my aunt and uncle came to visit our house and my cousin was about 3-4 years old. He'd come and hug me and say "Let's play" or "I love you". Everytime he did that my heart just melted.

It's interesting when you think about it. Little kids aren't afraid of saying "I love you". In turn, how many times do you hear adults saying to each other that phrase if the other person is not a family member?
I like to consider myself a well-spoken articulate man, but in this regard more simply said; fuck ISIS.


Holy shit, the extreme wholesomeness.
So happy to see something so positive, in a country, a land, a people, in so much pain! :)
Fuck dude.
When that kid said it.
I shed a manly tear.
Yikes - that seriously hit me hard. Tough to hold back the tears.
Cutting the onions, damn. 
Amazing 
Can I double up vote?
Ow, my f*cking heart. GAH.
This is something special. 
LOVE is the answer!
MAN IMAGINE IF THESE ARENT THE REAL SUBTITLES AND WE JUSG GOT BAMBOOZLED
You’re crying, I’m not crying 
Does anyone have a link to the original National Geographic episode this is from?
There's a movie called Wag the Dog I think most of you would enjoy. This reminded me of that movie.
This dude looks like iraqi Tom Selleck!
Fuck, now I'M crying.
Almost expected the kid to cry and say "I don't want to go back to school."
Tom Selleck is lookin good.
The best reason to cry for me today. Thanks
@cyber you’re kidding, right? 
I was so sure that he's crying because heute has to go back to school
@Cyber-Gon and what if he wants to become the next hitler, and second. Did you even read what the guy said? Do you support what he said? Like cmon guy. 
Dope tacticool 5.11 headband on the dude in the back
Why ah you crying? WHY AH YOU CRYING?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJXw7rMQJuM

never fit better
Hopefully it lasts  
Oh man I'm crying why did the world let this happen. Those children, they are innocent. 
Tom Selleck?
"You love us?"
"miss me with that gay shit" 
Where is this from?
Quit saying school or he might go back.
I’m not fucking crying! Stop asking me. I have allergies. 
Damn... kinda makes me wanna cry... Those kids have experienced more hardship at such a young age, than I have in my 31 years of existence. I'd strap up and fight for them, that's for damn sure.
Doesn't the rules say no sad stories? Why am I crying?
Goddammit I'm crying at work. 
Why are there so many dust clouds of onion parts floating in my room right now??? 

This made me want to cry...
Alright.. Who's cutting the onions in here???
That is what an hero looks like
No I love you back? Rude. 
Why the FUCK am I crying in this Chinese restaurant 
Ok, now I'm cryin' too
JESUS CHRIST! WHOSE TEARS ARE THESE?!
Man, I don't like admitting that I cried. But ohh boy this made me cry...
Wow I was not expecting to get hit in the feels like that.
My eyes are sweating
I'm not crying, you are 
Was expecting him to be crying because he had to go back to school 
Okay I understand why Firas is crying.... but why am I crying?
[deleted]
I'm not crying you're crying
This is why we go to war
I’m not crying!
I thought he was crying because he had to go back to school.
come on, you free him and the first thing you tell him is that he will go back to school? That's cruel.
I thought the kid was crying because he had to go back to class
He's sad because he has to go back to school?
I thought he was gonna say he doesn't wanna go back to school lol
Sauce?
Who the hell is cutting onions now? 
Right in the feels
Tom Selleck is such a great guy. 
Why am I crying? 
I live in Israel. I just wish that whole craze in the world will stop.
fuck ISIS!
Ok, I just started crying in public...this is beautiful  
MY EYES ARE LEAKING!!
I didn't think something like this could hit me so hard. feels
[MRW](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CQIEuROUAAAFo13.jpg)
good thing it’s not possible for a heart to explode from emotional overload cuz I’d be dead af
This is the best fucking thing I've ever seen holy sweet Jesus.
Is that Tom Selleck?
Fuck isis.
Serious feels.
Good for Iraqi Tom Selleck.
The soldier seems magnum pi (Tom Selleck) 
Holy shot is that Dennis Reynolds on the left???
This just pulled on every heart string I didn't even know I had. 
-puddle on the floor 
Is that fucking Tom seleck? 
Saddam is back, and now he's saving kids. 
He even has a fathers mustache. Natural dad. Caring dad.
Everything that portrays soldiers in a bad light is just called the truth and anytime it shows them doing good its called propaganda. I think we all see the problem here.
This is why the background on my phone is of the seven year old Syrian boy clutching his sister while their town is being bombed. We have it so good. Here in America and in many other places across the world. Be thankful.
You have kids growing up in these conditions and then westerners are perplexed as to how some of these people resort to radical solutions 
Had to deliberately try not to cry.
Never had a gif make me fucking cry. 
I'M NOT CRYING--YOU'RE CRYING.
Magnum PI saves the day again
I'm not crying, I just sweating from my eyes
That instantly made me tear up, I still have feelings. 
As much as I hate to rain on this parade, it's only a matter of time before another caliphate arises in that region and potentially does more damage than ISIS ever could. We need to be sure that doesn't happen again. 
This is why
[removed]
Military Industrial Complex propaganda.
[deleted]
##**THANK YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP**##
