What an incredibly honest and satisfying look he is giving you. Preciousness 
If you get another dog name it Scully.
I'm proud of Mulder! Lord, that *IS* a huge pine cone!
Came here to confirm X-files love. 
Confirmed. ✅ 

I thought you said his name was Murder at first.
“You’re not gonna believe this, Human.”
Look my hooman - come n see!

i foun dis ting rite by de tree!

is kinda crunch n kinda pricky

makes my mouf feel kinda sticky

i tink it kinda smells like pine

don know wat is, but it is mine :)

im Proud to show you my new toy

n Loves to hear you say 'GOOD BOYE' !
P R O U D B O Y E
The twoof is out there.
The tree-uth is out there Hoo-man. 
Aw!  He looks so proud and happy.  Did he take it home with him? 
You should name the pinecones Scully and Keep it.
I have a cat named Mulder! They should be friends
Mulder!? Giant pine cone? *cue x-files music*
Needs banana for scale. The truth is out there.
My basset would either be eating the pine cone or be at the vet having the pine cone extracted.
good doggo
Mulder is king of the pine cones!
Mulder!!!  This is my [Scully](https://imgur.com/a/VvNAo).
What breed is he? So cute! 
If you're in Louisiana, I think that's a longleaf pine (*Pinus palustris*) cone, one of my favorite pine species! They are very unique and totally cool, they start as what's called a "grass stage" and only put on above-ground biomass after a fire. 

Unfortunately, early foresters mostly got rid of them and didn't plant them because they can take long to make wood due to the above. There is a concerted effort to restore the longleaf pine Savannah habitat (a joy to do research in due to it's open nature), and you can find more I info [here](http://www.americaslongleaf.org/) if you're interested.
Goodboye diserves all the belly rubs he can handle! *Pat Pat
Mulder: They’re out there Scully. 

Scully: What’s out there?

Mulder: Pinecones. 
Does Mulder know a Scully by any chance?
Give his boopable nose a kiss for me he's adorable
I thought he had a beard at first
Does he sleep on the couch and not in his bed? 
“It wasn’t a pine nut, it was a pine cone! And it was HUGE! Even bigger than your fat head.”

- Koda, Brother Bear
*But why male models?*
This was right below the Muller story and I misread Mulder for Muller and I'm like woah.. this has got to be big news 
Your dog's name is Mulder!!! [This is my furbaby Scully](https://i.imgur.com/vWPCrhi.jpg) :)
Imagine the face of the squirrel when it found that

Proudboye proudboye 

hunting in a bush

Find a pine cone

Bigger than me mush

Grab that cone and 

give it to my dad

So he can remember me 

when he's feeling sad
“I found a pine cone and set it next to my confused dog for karma”
He's the handsomest boy!

Aw man, Mulder looks just like my JoJo. He must be a sweet boy. 
Such a Goode Boye.
To his credit, that is the biggest pine cone I’ve seen myself. Cudos
He wants to believe.
Mulder: look at the biggest pinecone ever!

Human: i don't think we have enough information to make that determination

Mulder: i want to believe
Scully, you’re not gonna believe this.
"I want to retrieve"
Does he have a companion named Scully? Lol
That may be my favorite dog name ever
This is staged. Internet has taught me everything is fake. You found it yourself and placed it next to your dog. The world is terrible
Deserves a Pine cone thrown
WOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW :') sweetest woofer
Dogs are the best!  That look.  LOL
Sounds like Mulder.
He looks so proud and is waiting for you to acknowledge his amazing efforts.... I love dogs lol!
Maybe that's not a pinecone, maybe Mulder found a head crab waiting for you to lean over and check it out.
I love that face!  What a good boy!
Awww!! Such a sweet doggo!!!
Well he's ready to start working and paying for his rent
What kind of dog?
What a lovely good boy!
What a good boy!  And well-named haha

If you ever get a chance to go to the parts of Yellowstone National Park with the oldest trees, take a look at the pinecones they drop.  They are legit as big as your head.
I see you’re a fan of The X-Files, a fellow X-phile!
Their species constantly wants to show us what they can do for the ancient partnership. Look at those eyes. Treats every hour, on the hour, for the remainder of the day please 
What are you not seeing, Scully? Don't you realise there are more of these out there? How can you not accept the truth?!
Awww! Did you give him extra pets for finding such a fine specimen of a pine cone? 
I love his different coloured chest - it looks like he's wearing a bib
Whooooza best pine cone boy?  
Anyone else read the dog’s name as murder
That may be a digger pine cone!  
Humans have and continue to eat pinecones. How did the dog know?
I feel like I would keep so many things my dog would bring me. 
HE IS SO PRECIOUS 
For a second I thought your dogs name was Murder. I am pleasantly wrong. 
Look at the size of this pinecone, Scully!
Your dog looks like an alien
The Spruce is out there! 
I really though the dog’s name was Murder... seemed unfitting. Glad I misread!
Please give Mulder a treat for me.
I thought your dogs name was murder I almost lost my shit what a savage name !
Can't judge the size of the dog, imma need a banana for scale.
Anyone else read it as Murder first?
That's the proudest boye I ever seen
For a second I thought your pupper's name was Murder. 
Scully! You’re not gonna believe this!
it is seems pretty
what is its name loool

God I love dogs
good job Mulder...
“The spruce is out there.”
I sexually identify as a pinecone and so does my cousin 
That is a rather large pine cone though.
My dog did the same thing, except it was a frozen hunk of horse poop. He was visibly disappointed that I wouldn't let him bring it into the house. 

Course, he did get to bring the deer leg he found (in our suburban backyard, no less) inside, and a knee joint from another deer after we moved to the country.. So he's not exactly what I'd call deprived. 
This could be faked by his owner just dropping it next to him but let's face it Mulder, I want to believe.
I can't be the only one to read his name as "Murder" for a second.  I mean it would fit, he is murdering me with his cuteness!
What do you think of this scully?
The pinecone is out there 
You are "Scully" aren't you?
Fan of Kevin Smith, X-files or both?

Kevin had two dogs named Skully and Mulder.
***Another X-file solved....***
The spruce is out there.
Mulder found a pine cone in Scully's bush? The truth was really in there.
I read this and thought “why would you ever name a dog murder???” Then I read it again. Oops.

Good boy 10/10 good pine cone find
The woof is out there.
This pic alone is better than the last two seasons of x-files 😁
Did you name the pinecone Scully? Are you sure the pinecone isn't an alien Probe?
I have a cat named scully. 
Is his full name Spooky Mulder?
He knew it was out there....
"The truth is out there..."

and Mulder is trying to find it.... 1 pinecone at a time
Pine cone this big??? It’s an alien hybrid.

He wants to believe.
I thought he had a freaking beard for a second!
"I got my dog to sit next to a pine cone I found"
FTFY
Coulter Pine cone ( also known as widow makers by loggers) my dogs love playing with them
How do I upvote something 5,000 times?
You mean you pulled it out of the bush and set it next to your dog. 
This is fake. Pine cones don't exist.
[deleted]
Staffy x Collie?
"Dagoo?!"
such an earnest sweet dog! may i ask what kind of dog mulder is? 
I totally read his name as Murder. 😂 
What kind of dog is mulder?
Mulder is smoldering
OP are you originally from around the Philly area?
And I'm sure he'll be Skullying it away, given half a chance!
I'm not wearing my glasses and I read the name as "Murder."...

I was thinking "Wow that is a *metal* name for a dog if I ever..."

But oh man, so cute!
Did Scully like it, too?
First time I saw a giant pine cone I thought 'hey it looks kinda like a pineapple.... pine.... apple' and that was enough to [blow my mind](https://media.giphy.com/media/XAjXDgh2j06vS/giphy.gif)
Arise the great pineconeio
Plant it so that one day he may lift his leg on a full grown pine tree. 

Pretty dog. 
We are very proud of Mulder and his pinecone. 
Hahaha, love it! Beautiful pup! @op 
Awesome name!  Dogs are better than people!!
Holy crap whatta good boy! 
Do you have a cat named Scully?
Milder looks so cute.

His face looks like that of my Rott and body of my GSD.
Good boy!
Is that a rottie mix? If so what is he mixed with. Cute as hell
The cones are out there. 
Aww!
Is that a... goatee?
"Top that, bitches"

Mic drop.
YO MY CATS NAME IS MULDER! people never get it man. 
The truth is out there - Mulder is a gooood boy

Read this as “Mueller” initially and thought, wow this investigation is getting weird.
Now that's a good boy
What a good dog. I love how happy he looks about the pine cone.

I also had no idea pine cones grow that big.
What *are* pine cones? 
I suspect this is also the biggest pine come OP has ever seen 
Throw it!
My dog just finds chicken wings. Who are these people walking around eating wings? That's sit down food.
Not sure if tiny dog or huge pine cone. 
Such a good boy!! 😍
Aww. So cute 
Looks like Coulter pine cone. What state are you in?
He’s so cute. What breed(s)?
Excellent name is excellent. 
I'd love to see a fox named mulder 
i thought this said mueller and was so confused about what a pine cone had to do with politics e.e
I read that as Muller. 
Rook rut rye round!
He found the truth at last!!

Good boy Mulder!!
That cone is from a Coulter Pine. They make the most massive cones of any pine species on Earth.
What a good boy! 💜
That is a rather large pinecone.
This is undoubtedly the cutest thing on the internet today
He is either a ridiculously small looking dog or a it is a ridiculously big pine cone, either way he can be proud to bring back such a hunting prize :) 
I misread your dog's name as Murder and I was like wtf
Well I *was* having a bad day up until this sweet little face ruined it! 😆
HES SO HANDSOME! OMG 😀
Mulder, it's me. 
That is a seriously cute dog
Your name isn't Scully, is it?
+1 for the Dogs name.
Read the title wrong. Thought it was "Murder found the biggest Pine"
Was disappointed when I realized that your dog was named murder and there won't be any cool stories about how you'd scream after your dog in the park and everyone would freak out.
Nice conehound
That Dogger found a [Digger Pine](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pinus_sabiniana) cone.
Lol what a good boy. I have a vegan and it was not a big pine cone but he brought me one out no where yesterday. 
I have a pupper named Mulder too! This is the first time I have seen another dog with that name!

[This is my Mulder](https://www.reddit.com/r/Dachshund/comments/5jrqcl/do_i_have_something_on_my_face/?st=JFB5VK83&sh=8eaebae2https://www.reddit.com/r/Dachshund/comments/5jrqcl/do_i_have_something_on_my_face/?st=JFB5VK83&sh=8eaebae2) 
Omg such a good boy! That pine cone is amazing. 
I read this as Mueller found the biggest pine cone he's ever seen and was like wtf?
My dogs name is Scully. I hope they meet someday. 
Please display this somewhere at his eye level in your home so he can feel proud every time he walks past his trophy :)
Your post was right next to a Mueller post. So I confused your dogs name with his. I was like Damn... Maybe Reddit is obsessed with him!
When I first read this I thought the doggo's name was Murder and I was kind of concerned that such a good doggo would be named Murder. But he is Mulder and a good doggo with a huge pinecone.
It is also the biggest pine cone *I* have ever seen.
He would like approval but he already knows, deep down inside, that he's a good boy who did a good job.
Do we assume dog is proud? Just like we assume he’s smiling in some pics/videos/gifs?  
That is one super proud pooch! Such a happy face :)
Look! He stared at you,looking forward to getting your praise.
“OH MY GOSH YOU CALLED ME A GOOD BOY!!!”
The *woof* is out there.
Such a good boy.
What an awesome name for your friend. 😍
I hope you patted him and called him a good boy. :) I'd keep the pinecone.
You have such a wonderful personality and I noticed you’ve answered almost every question!! Cheers to you Mulder and Scully parent!! And cheers to Mulder for finding the x files pine cone!
YOU ARE A GOOD BOY AND THAT IS A GOOD PINECONE
Love the name!!!
I still haven't watched the s11 finale... Would rather watch your Mulder hunt pine cones with commercial breaks
Bestest of boys.
Love that name, Mulder!
You have a beautiful dog
Mulder's my cats name :) 
11/10 good boy
Where is the banana for scale? :(
Good boy
My pupper loves her pinecones so much. SO freakin' much. This picture warmed my heart.
Everyone else did a double take on that name right?
Love all the “I’m so happy my ears disappeared” pics.
12/10 would pet
"I am proud this day."
Good boy, Mulder. 
Not only can I get my Mulder fix on fb, but now reddit too. Honestly this is the best thing to happen to me today
Man, that pine is cute as hell.
it s more than likely from a long leaf pine!
What breed?
Cool find! Should have laid the pine one on its side so we could actually see how big it is 
Like when you find a super long fry in your happy meal and Mom just can’t believe it!
Beautiful boy
Seal or dog?🤔

Cutie.
Good boy. 
Mulder killing the pine cone game like a boss!
Good boy
My pup LOVES pine cones too they are hard to get away from her but we have to after a little bit because they have something in them that gives them an upset stomach and she has thrown up before 😅 she chomps on them while she plays though. It’s a vicious cycle lol 
Can I get a regular size banana for reference. I think this is just a tiny sweet dog with a regular pine cone. My wife will love the x files dog
I read his name as 'Murder' first time around
I read it as Mueller on first glance. Thought the investigation had taken a turn. What’s disturbing was I wasn’t shocked or surprised that he was in the bushes looking for pine cones...
He's a good boy. Now cover it in peanut butter and watch him destroy it. 
Definitely read that as "murder". Now want to name my dog after a crime. 
Clearly we have found the good-est of boys!
I thought his name was Murder at first glance
Omg he's so proud
I guess the truth was out there, just hidden a bush
Came for X-files and I'm not disappointed. 
Please adopt a Skully and then a Pinecone :3
This post is currently top of the front page above another post which reads 

MUELLER TELLS COURT PAUL MANAFORT PARTNER RICK GATES KNEW THEY WERE DEALING WITH EX-RUSSIAN INTELLIGENCE AGENT

Naturally I mix the two up and think special counsel Robert Mueller is really happy he's found the biggest pine cone he's ever seen
Was that bush... Scully?
Such a proud boy! 
good job, Doggo!
Look at those beautiful good boi eyes <3
The cone was out there...
He did a good job.
I want to bark leaves
I thought his name was murder. Scared me.
Good Dog!
Good job, fellah
HES SO PRECIOUS!!!!
Am I the only one that read "Murder" as his name at first glance?
This was right under a headline about Robert Mueller. So I thought that the pine cone was a euphemism for something the special counsel had found until it was pulled from a bush.
I would love to have a dog named Mulder, so I could talk to it like Skinner😂😂
"Dammit Mulder!" "You're out of line Mulder!"
I would have named him, Gizmo!
Congrats, Mulder!  Good Boye!!
What breed is he?? He looks very similar to my ex boyfriend’s dog and he never knew what mix he was
YOU CAN SEE THE PRIDE IN HIS EYES AGH!
Read the title as "Mueller found the biggest pine cone..." and got very confused. "What the hell the special counsel is doing taking time out to find nature treasures?!"
Good pupper 
Looks like you need a treat 
Here’s a Scooby snack 
Don’t spend it all in one place 
What breed of dog is this?
The woof is out there!
Mulder! 
Yes,He is so proud of himself
your dog Mulder looks like my dog Murray! long distance twins?!

https://imgur.com/a/ovBfh

urls on phone are hard lol :(
Ahh mann awesome looking dog! What kind and how old is he?
Another X-file story ...
WHAT A CUTIE!
Good boiieeyyyy
Wooooooah, that's huge 😅 Good job, Mulder!
Good pupper
"are you a ufo?""
 Cute dog and X-Files reference?! What a great post.
Good job, Mulder, that's a really great pine cone you found there! <3 
Sick beard
What a good boy
This was right above a post about Mueller so I thought “damn, even the pinecones were involved.”
My brother when he was little was terrified of pine cones I was such an asshole I would chase him around with one all the time.
My lab/rottie mix fucking LOVES smelling under pine trees. Only pine trees. He hasn't realised that he could pick up/play with/show me the pine cones. 
I absolutely love dogs!!
Love his name!
He is sooo pretty, is he a mix? 
"I want to retrieve"
Wow a talking dog! What other things has he seen that he tells you about?? 
He does look exceptionally proud 😊
read it as "Murder"
He loves his owner because he presented you with a gift. 
I want to scratch this dog so much...      

Take all his pinecones home and build him a pinecone trophy shelf!  

:D
He looks more like a scully to me 
[removed]
He knew it was out there
It's not even my dog and I'm proud of him and think he is a good boy. 
Beautiful pup!
GOOD BOY!
Looks like a digger pine cone, are located in California by chance?   Had one of those pine trees in my backyard, some of pine cones were the size of bowling balls.  If it is a digger pine, you can eat the pine nuts.
oh hullo gooboy
I'm proud of Mulder and I would treasure the pinecone forever.
Haha great name!
When I get a dog, I will name him Mulder too. 
He’s like 

“I told you the truth is out there”
My baby looks just like that, and I've been trying to figure out what she's a mix of! Any ideas? 
What a goodboye!!
What a good boy. Give him a treat he deserves it.
That’s adorable. You should put that in a trophy cabinet. 
A+ pup name 
He looks like a spooky fella. 
Him pull dat pine cune out da bush mighty gud
Moulder! What a cool name!
Did he show it to Scully?
Adorable!
He had a thing for fur, judging by his post history
I love Mulder.
I read "Mueller" and was hoping for some salacious seeds from the special counsel to get me through my day. This will do too, thanks!
I dun good, huh?
I initially read this as Mueller thinking it was gonna be something relating to the investigation and was confused for a second there
What a cutie! However I know that dogs can get pinecones lodged in their stomach as sometimes they try to eat them. At least this one is luckily too big to eat haha.
Give the sweetheart a belly rub for me ~^_^~
What a good boy. <3 he looks so proud
What a good dog!
It's almost... too big 

*X-files theme song*
That's a very handsome doggie. I would like to pet his head and tell him so.
Excellent name for a cool dog. Good boy.
So perrty!
HE'S SO CUTE.  his face is shaped like a heart and it's making my heart burst 
neck looks like a big tongue in the thumbnail

Amazing name
Amazing pinecone 
Wow it looks like he could sit on it and hatch a tree! What a good boye!
Good Boy!
Thought that said Mueller and thought the Russian investigation just took a very strange turn 
I thought your dogs name was Murder for a second
Mulder is hip to the pineal gland 
Doesn’t he realize it’s still just a pine cone?
How do we know that really a pine cone?(theme plays)
"... now you can stick the pinecone in your bum-bum.    You can stick the pinecone in your bum-bummmmmm."
Is that the Saresto flea collar? I have been wanting to try it. 
Scully! You better come take a look at this!
Did he show scully?
That is a very handsome dog.
Please tell me you have a cat named Scully!?!
Rottweiler, German shepherd mix?
Does he want you to throw it like a ball? 
Did Scully get one too?
"I finded dis"

Aww my boy is named Mulder as well :)
you should mount that on the wall.
One time my sister told my pitbull to go get a stick to play with.

He ran over, and pulled my little tree out of the ground and proudly presented it to us.
Please tell me you also have a Scully
ScullyYoureNotGoingToBelieveThis.jpg
Guess who gets an amazing handjob from Scully tonite
I miss my dog
Dog, “I’ve no idea why my human likes pinecones, but I shall bring my human the biggest one I can find.  
The Pine Cone is out there 
He wanted you to believe 
I had a pitbull named Scully. In some alternate reality out dogs were friends. 
He's such a Fox.
OMG! This is my pup Scully! She also loves binecones. They look very similar - must be standard issue FBI wear. https://imgur.com/a/xbdIV
For things that you do well, you want to show it to you for the first time.
My dog fines pine cones and chews them up. It is the most painful sounding thing ever, but she loves doing it.
Mulder is a very common last name is Holland haha. I'm very curious where you got doggo's name from. 
He looks so proud of his pine cone. 
He’s a beaut! Love a good mutt doggo
I thought his name was murder.
Good boye
Excellent work, Mulder! You get an A+ in Good Boy 101!
Fake + dogs eat their poop so kill him before you eat it 
I wish I was a dog of a nice owner. 
Such a cool name for a doggo. The cone is out there.
Hello dog 
The pine Cone will give him some scratches 
My first dogs name was Scully. My brother was a huge fan of X-Files when we were little and he picked the name. 
Incidentally, he has found the biggest pine cone I've ever seen as well.
Good thing you took the picture, Scully would not believe hm otherwise.

And then someone would try to shut down the Pet-Files or something.
He's pure cheesing.
Good doggo
that is one cute face
I read this as Mueller and was really, really confused for a second.
Can't believe I have to be the one to say it, but can sometime PLEASE Photoshop David Duchovny's head onto that dog's body already?
Good boy
PET THE DAMN DOG, OP
I'm sure he's fine, but be careful, pine cones [aren't good for dogs](https://dogcare.dailypuppy.com/pine-cones-bad-puppy-4544.html).
Where is Scully?
Unpopular opinion: people who talk this way about their pets are the worst
Awww!!  What a cutie pie!! 😄
Good boy!
The truth is out there!
That is one cute doggo!  Boop boop Mulder!
https://coub.com/view/11o0so
For a second, I was sure the pine cone was going to be a hedgehog. 

He looks so proud of himself! 
Well , seems like the biggest Pine cone  was out there . 

Did anyone else do a double take because they read "Mueller"
This is the best thing I’ve seen all week. 
[Our dogs could be twins!](https://imgur.com/a/JPdPv)
But he could never find his sister 
Awwwww. Thats one heck of a pine cone. 
Take this cone of pine as a token of my appreciation hooman.
Good boy
Pinecones our tree drop are like 1-2ft in length! 
[all I see is my dog Bruno ](https://i.imgur.com/wbALMss.jpg)
r/eyebleach
Heh, love the name. I'm bingeing on the show right now 
Could you tell him "Good boy" for me? He'll know what I mean. 
Aw bless him
Things are getting strange, I'm starting to worry
I want to believe. 
Am I the only one who read that as “Murder”?
https://imgur.com/a/1wzHE
What an incredibly good boy!
Tbh, if I found a pinecone that big, I'd be pretty excited too.
That's no dog, that's a Fox. 
For a second I thought he had a brown goatee. 
I would like to boop the snoot
This pine cone is it’s own x-file
You need to warn about cringy pet names before you post.  I need time to put on my cringe gear 
That is really cute, what kind of dog is That?
I'm so proud of Mulder. What an awesome start to my day looking at this.
Good boy! 
###PINECONE!
And all I can think of is Will Ferrell trying to eat the spider fruit in Land of the Lost.
Read this as "Mueller" and was like "there are PINE CONES involved in this shit now???"
Reminds me if my doggy. Just add a white chest
“Yo take this pic fam”
I mean I’d probably act the same if I found that giant piece be come haha
I'm proud of him, too!  That's a HUGE pinecone!
Fuckin love his name! He come with it or did you name him?
My dog would have hidden in the bushes and eaten it........My God he's a dumb dog...
Mulder found Scully
So excite. Much pine cone. Wow. 
I'd be proud too, that's a big pinecone. 
Wow, that dog is tiny.
Had dog sit next to big pinecone I found... 
Dogs do not feel proud u liar 
aww..... so cute face
The angle of the shot makes his blonde patch appear to be a beard making him look much wiser good doggo camera
An X-Files fan. Nice. So where's Skully? 
Coneboy
Adorable! Love the smile 
Pine cone. Pfffttttt. Every good boy knows these are all natural tennis balls. Natureballs if you will.
The biggest pine cone I've ever seen too 

My god it looks like he has a beard. 
We don't deserve dogs
Great name!
What kind of dog is Mulder? He looks exactly like my fur niece Rizzo and we’ve been trying to figure out what kind of dog she is! 
When you want him to come to you, do you whistle the *X-Files* theme?  Because you should.
I can't use the pine cone for scale! How big is Mulder? (I can't use him for the scale of the pine cone either)
Plot twist: miniature dog
That's the face of a good boy!
[Your dog looks like a mix of Braun and his best friend, Link](https://imgur.com/EdbtRSg) 
You could name the pine cone scully...... 
Sorry I’ll get my coat! :( 
Awwww
Is it weird to save a pic of someone else’s dog on my phone? 

That face though. He is the BEST boi. 
Dis mine
Pictures like this make me wish I had a dog but we don't have the space or money to give them a good home :( 
That is a very good boy right there.
Are you in New Zealand?  They have trees there with enormous pine cones like this, I brought one back to Canada with me when I came home.
Kelpie?
The cones... are out there
Goodest of all good boys
What a good doggo!!!
I've seen this post a few times today, and every single time I read your dog's name as "Murder."
He’s such a good boye.
Hell, that's the biggest pinecone *I've* ever seen.
He's so proud.
For a second there I thought you named your doggo Murder. Almost a cool a name as Mulder. 
Totally thought his name was Murder... Took me way too long to figure out that it was not 
"Now where is my reward?"
I love that head shape, instant pet!!
Mulder passed an investigation check.
Where's scully?
Wheres Scully?
OP is a furry
Ahhhhh this makes me want to cry*

*with joy at how happy he is
good boy 
I would like to see a animations where the animals are not to much human, just animals. Like this. Dog found a pine cone and be like he found a gold mine. 
"Eh hooman, look at the size of this! I'm a badass" 
“Why isn’t she trying to eat it?” -Mulder, most likely 
GOOD BOY
What kind of dog is this ?
Look at that good woofer! Him is such a good boy, yes him is! 
Good, I’m glad.
Aww he looks so happy !
How do we know he's not just a tiny dog?
Mulder. Cute:) 
That a big pine cone I'd take it home and display it on a shelf in my house. 
*"I dunno what this thing is, Human, but LOOK AT IT!*" 

*"BTW, just to let you know - I'm going to be eating this, then barfing it up all over the dining room rug later.  I'll probably get to the barfing juuust as you're falling asleep, so it'll have a chance to really soak in."*
That's the goodest of boys.
Pinecone for scale
He looks like a good boy 
Whose a good boy!
I read his name wrong and thought it said Murder. I was like “Wow! What a cool and brutal name for a good boy”.

Mulder is also a cool & good name :) 
Mulder wants to believe he's a good boye 
You called him mulder . . .
Initially read this title as "Mueller" and didn't see the thumbnail. Had a bit of a mental time figuring out what was doing on.
I always see captions like this and can't help but think. Did the dog actually do this. Or did the owner just set a pine cone next to their dog and create a caption to capture hearts and upvotes.  
Good job pupperino!!!
Damn that shit is big. Good boy
That reminds me of my dog when he killed his first rat in the garden 😍
What Breed is that? It's looks extremely cute!!
Upvote because his name is Mulder. 
He kind of looks like Mulder too!
Awwwww a pinecone!!!!
Breed (s)?
Good boy!!!!
Maybe your dog is just really small :/
I have a dog named Mulder too 
Nobody ever gets the reference
Very handsome doggy. I bet he's a good boy. :)
Northern California?
He’s got some wizard nails to go with it too. 

Cute pic. 
What a good boy!!!! Give him a scratch for me please
I wish I could upvote this twice.
That is the I know something you don't look!
Accept he gift as a reassurance of your love and devotion to him!
Woah that IS a big pine cone. 
Fuck that is preciuos
If your dog is named after the X-Files... then yes! The truth really is out there.
... out of a bush... 
For some reason I saw that l as an r and thought you named your dog ‘murder’.
That is such a beautiful pupper
PINECONE GANG 
That looks a lot like our own Special Agent Fox Mulder! Is he unrelenting and plays by his own rules? https://i.imgur.com/axJWQit.jpg 
the goodest boi
I love it when dogs are proud...look at his face <3
Yep, that puppy has love eyes for you. 
Almost 100k for this?!
Who’s a good boy?!

(That is one hell of a big pinecone)
Aww, that Moment of happiness when you achieve something great is seen in his face. Ha looks so happy. 
What a lovely dog
I’m legit trying to squeeze his little face through the phone.
That's a good doggo
Upvote for naming your dog Mulder. Please tell me you got him a skull.
I have a red longhaired chihuahua named Fox Mulder.
proud boy
That's no normal pine cone..... I want to Believe.
omg he is ADORABLE <3 <3 <3

I'm squealing like a girl (am guy) right now he is so cute!!
Unless he's a chihuahua its the biggest one I've ever seen.  
I like the name
Beautiful doggo 
Misread title, thought the dog’s name was ‘Murder’
Good boy!
Hey Mulder!  
Proud puppers 
What breed is your pup? He looks an awful alot like mine and shes a mix but im just curious. 
Nice doggo colours.
He’s soooo proud of himself and I’m so proud of him!!! Definitely a good pupper!!
you gotta go to sequoia national park. First time I saw one of those pine cones................ I put it on my pants and pretended it was a dick in front of my friends
"I grabbed the biggest pine cone while pulling my dog on a leash and set it next to him on the sidewalk, told him to sit while I held a treat in my hand and took a picture and uploaded it to reddit!" 
>He was so proud of himself as he pulled it out a bush to show me.

The projection is real here.
this sub has too many dogs.
Man, too much politics these days. I thought you said Mueller, and I was pretty pumped for him too. Like nice work bud, get out there and find some more pine cones! 
He looks like a Mulder!
Someone put a pine cone next to a dog.
Look. Seriously. Right here. I found this!
Now that is a gorgeous dog. What an adorable face.
Did he find any aliens in there too? 
I’m sure 700 people have said it, but that is a gorgeous dog. 
Dogs are the greatest.
Who’s a spooky boooi??!!!
I pulled something out of a bush once...
hey reddit my autistic nephew just took this picture of my dog next to a pinecone ama
Pitbull and? I feel like I know I just can’t think of it’s name
Terrible name for a dog
What the fuck kinda name is Mulder? 
Do dogs know that we humans dont give a shit about sticks or pine cones etc??, Do they know we're not dogs??...
Look, don’t take this the wrong way. Cute dog. Glad it’s happy. But for the fuck of all that is good in the world, surely this cannot be the top post.

For if it is, we are all most fucked
That’s actually not a pinecone.

They’re called coniferus conicus but stupid Americans like youreselves change the names of everything to fit your ignorance.
I wish we could make all our mentals cared for in our insane asylums to draw as much joy and happiness from such a simple activity as this. It would revolutionize the care of these mentals.
[removed]
