Beautiful
That's a beautiful photo of a beautiful dog 😊
Got rid of her [eye boogie](https://i.imgur.com/HQKecsO.jpg) for ya’.  Amazing photo!
10/10 Lab. Would write report. 
How did you get the background to be black? I'm new to photography and I am still trying to figure that one out. 
The eye gives the whole picture the much needed contrast. Well done, OP.
Sorry buddy, you forgot to take the lens cover off.
Dog should be printed on US currency. 
Beautiful girl looks very deep in dog thought.
Black labs are just so gorgeous. I have a couple of photos of mine gazing out a window and they are art in and of themselves. Those eyes are so soulful!
Fantastic! I'm also seeking quality photos of my dog, not so much because her coloring makes her difficult to photograph, but she just has so many beautiful shades of brown along with all her grey that is difficult to truly capture. I wonder if a similar approach with a mottled brown or other complementary color background would be a good approach for my project! Thanks for sharing this, truly a great shot!! 
I am the night
What a beautiful girl!  I hope you kiss that face a zillion times a day.
It looks like she about to drop the hottest dog album of the year 
My late dog was jet black too. All pictures made him look light grey if you left the camera settings on auto. Lovely girl BTW. 
This is a fanatastic photo! The brown eyes!! I have a black dog (lab/Aussie mix) and it it sooo hard to get a great photo of her. 
This is so great. I adjusted the level to brighten the whites. what do you think of this?
https://imgur.com/a/1YZ80


What were the specs on the camera used? Lens? Body? Settings?

Asking as a fellow photographer. 
Ah-mazing... With a boopable snoot!
God, I love dog owners! And the fact that we know it will hurt some day...but we have to have a pooch. We just have to.
Gorgeous animal! Well done ☺
I tried to print this on my HP inkjet but the credit card I had linked to the automatic ink refill service maxed out after $14k. 😐 
That eye booger tho
awesome
Gorgeous girl and lovely photograph. Well done.
This is beautiful. I bet you could sell this photo to a dog food company.
Black Labs matter
I guess I like it a lot ;) 
https://imgur.com/gallery/YyB4l
Magnificent. 
The contrast between her eyes and the shiny, black coat is stunning. 
[deleted]
Wow, the lighting is perfect! What a beautiful, serene shot.
Wow! Looks like a Dutch baroque painting!
Great photo! I've had three black dogs and a black cat and they are always so difficult to capture in a photo with the detail that you have here
She's gorgeous! I love the color of her eyes.  It's so hard to get a good picture of a monochromatic dog, isn't it? I always feel like I can't get the right color contrast or something when I try to photograph mine. 
That eye boogy tho. That aside,this is a great pic. Tell us your secret.
..I sometimes see you past my door.  

Hello mailman, is it me you're looking for?
And all you had to do was shoot her into space.

You monster. 
[deleted]
This definitely belongs on /r/accidentalrenaissance
"I DIDN'T SEE THE LIGHT UNTIL I WAS ALREADY A MAN, BY THEN IT WAS NOTHING TO ME BUT BLINDING!" - Bane

is what i thought of when i saw this. Nice shot!
frame it
Breathtaking ❤
Absolutly perfect, reminds me of my dog, looks the exact same except i dont have a good photo of mine
Love black labs! She’s a beauty. 
A national treasure. 
What's going on with the red behind the dogs face? 
She's absolutely stunning
Majestic 
Looks just like my girl. Does she have a white patch on her chest? 
What a beautiful lab. 
/r/blacklabs
You should get that framed. 
Black Lab with a black background
Stunning!!! #AllBlackEverything 
I just had to get rid of the eye boogie.


https://imgur.com/a/7Yt5K
This is majestic. That is one beautiful dog.
That's a powerful photo. It looks like a magazine cover for a dog thats running for president or something.
She's gorgeous. Black labs, best labs. Don't @ me.
Dat yung Iphone X photo, tho 👌🏽
Such a magnificent doggo
i have an all black dog.  she's impossible to photograph.  great job 
That eye booger is bugging me, but beautiful none the less 
GORGEOUS.
Omg this is really beautiful! Would you mind explaining how do you took this shot? Looks like its being done in a studio
Incredible shot. Frame this!!
I, too, have a dog that is impossibly black.
It's so hard to get a good picture of a black dog. Mine is 17 month old and I still don't have a picture of him that I really love.
What camera, lens, and settings did you use?
Me: Hello Darkness my old friend.

Darkness: *wags tail*
Hey, OP...

[Did you steal my dog?](https://imgur.com/a/xCeR3)
At first I thought, "she's just a dog. How beautiful can she be."

Then I saw the picture and I thought, "give her the treats. Give her ALL the treats."

You've got an uncommonly beautiful dog. If you've got a position open for a professional belly-rubber, treat-giver, I'm your man. 
The iPhone X portrait stage lighting setting is awesome
Absolutely stunning!
I suddenly want to sing REM's *"Everybody Hurts"*
Looks like it could be an unreleased Metallica LP. the *Black Labum*. 
Made me clean my screen. Great!
Now My phone wallpaper 
Majestic 
Such a cute pet eyeball you have!
You could have cleaned up the eye boogers tho..
This is the kind of picture you'd see on the fancy brand of dog food. 
Barely see her she's so black!
This is absolutely stunning. She is absolutely stunning. It's photos like these that make me realise how much Lab was actually in our Bonnie dog (Assumed LabxGreyhound, sadly passed a year and a bit ago), and makes me thankful that we have dogs in the world, and that we have the ability to capture their beauty for an age to come so that others might enjoy the presence of a creature that brought so much joy to our individual lives.
Absolutely stunning, you've captured her soul perfectly 
Amazing!! Do another when she’s grayed - seems like it’d be a beautiful striking comparison
I've seen this picture before hmmm 
#Praise be to the newest Champion of Reddit, u/AWrig90!

[Let us not forget the Champions of yore...](https://www.reddit.com/r/ChampionsOfReddit/)
You know someone sketched your doggo?... I can show you..

That is one gorgeous dog 😍
Where is she?
These fuckn titles, man.. lol I tell you... that dog probably looked perfectly fine in most photos.
Gonna use it as wallpaper for my phone
Perfect lighting. Heres an upvote! 
Great photo OP! I'm an amateur photographer and would love to get tips from you for such a photo setup. What was your process?
But all I see are eyes and teeth 
Tell her to smile.
Run free. The new fragrance. By Hugo Boss.
Amazing shot 
Breathtaking <3 Congrats on a beautiful ol' doggo!
Damn, dawg.  Dat's dope. 
Dogs are awesome

This photo is awesome
Thats amazing. 
What an Awesome pic and good girl!
couldn't clean her eye gunk out first?
Wow, those eyes. Very nice picture, I hope she gets all the pettings she deserves!
Was this taken outside or with a black backdrop? This is such a beautiful photo.


I hope her name is midnight..
When’s her album dropping?
Trying to get a good photo of my black dog is nearly impossible but they are all perfect to me
I totally thought the photo wasn't loading and I had a smudge on my phone screen... Need to wear my glasses more often, I guess!
She favors my dog, aka SHE IS PERFECT 
Handsomeboye
She looks like she's running for political office.
I have a 20 month old black lab.  Are you telling me that I have to wait until he is 3 to get him to sit still long enough for a picture??!?
Well worth the wait. Stunning picture 
Great shot!!!
Had a black lab from when I was 5-21. Great dog. Still think about her a lot. 

Her name was Rookie. 
She’s a stunner! Puppy kisses for a vvv good girl!
She’s a stunner! Puppy kisses for a vvv good girl!
I have a Black Lab myself so I know how frustratingly difficult it can be to get a servicable photo of them. I'd like to share more cute pictures of him but they all vome ouy looking like a black hole or something.
You should have cleaned her eye boogers first. 
Perfect
That should be his album cover. He has a band, right?
I’ve got a black lab as well and I have to stop myself from just staring at him sometimes. They’re just so regal 
She is the Majesty of the night. 
For some reason when I see this picture it makes me think of this quote: I may walk in the shadow of death, but I fear no evil
Bruh wipe her eyes boogies. She’s a beauty. I wipe my puppies eye boogies and you should too. 
Such a dignified stand. Please allow me to keep her as my desktop wallpaper.
I can barely see her
This is absolutely beautiful. She is gorgeous. 
The void has been evacuated. Only she remains.
I had a black lab for 12 years and the silly thing didn't sit still for a decent picture the whole time. We have about a hundred pictures of this black blur.
Well I'll be copying this with my Lab. Thanks for sharing!
I’m not a big dog lover but this is just amazing!
a photo where you can actually see a black dog. I have one and I can never get a good picture of her cuz you can't see her! plus she has dark black eyes
Lab is the quintessential dog.
"I'm the darkness bork bork"
Black dogs are the best. I don't currently have a dog, but my family dog was a black lab mix and he was absolute perfection in a furry body.
How’d you pull this off? I’d like to take a similar photo of my dog Clarence (pick below). The best picture I’ve ever been able to get is this one, but I feel like he deserves a better portrait to keep in the house. https://i.imgur.com/oyQKaHB.jpg
You may want to submit it to ruckus for commission, they use pictures of dogs like this for their brand
Gorgeous
[deleted]
r/itookapicture
Awesome! My black lab is 13 years old now but I remember when he looked just like this. Black labs age really well and are so full of love. 
Great photo! 
Sweet baby black Lab, I’ve had 3 black labs in my life and the struggle is real. This is quite possibly one of the pictures I’ve ever seen 🐶😍
She's so beautiful 
She looks exactly like mine! I’ll see if I can figure out this whole imgur thing to show you
I'm expecting her to say, "Groovy" and then turn to the camera. 
Photographing an all-black dog is so difficult.  This is a beautiful photo!
beautiful. a real Diamond Dog.
That's an impressive photo of an even more impressive dog.  
*gasp*  such a good puppers. 
What am I looking at?


This pic looks really great on an Oled screen! I got out my cleaning cloth just for this pic and yeah it’s amazing.
Make sure you print and frame it!
Wow, that needs to be framed and placed on a wall.
This is the good content i come here for, hell yea
[removed]
r/itookapicture might like this
No duck in her mouth... no justice!!!! 
I just realized how dirty my phone screen is. Great pic!
Nice. What type of dog breed is She? I adopted a female dog that is identical to yours and I always wondered what could be her breed.
She’s so classy! I would totally hang this over the fireplace in my library. If I had a library.
[Cause I'm black ya'll](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kga2soqvMF0)
She’s so beautiful.
Ah - this won a twitter photo competition didn't it? Saw it earlier today. Congrats. 
What a pretty girl, my black lab passed away about a month ago and this picture looks just like her. She lived a long and happy life, almost 15 years! 
It’s always hard to photograph black labs but you did an awesome job. :) 
Actually I can barely see her so yeah 
i love a good low key photo. 
Is that a booger in her eye why not clean it? The first thing I do in the morning is clean my puppers eyes and help him stretch. If not carry on!
What dog?

This is amazing!!!
It's so hard to get good pictures of black cats or dogs. This photo is stunning. I hope you put it on a giant canvas to keep forever. It's beautiful and so is that puppers!!!
Where did the doggo go? Oh there she is! <3
And a beautiful photo it is well done 
Awesome photo! Sweet doggo too!
I hope your planing in framing that its a masterpiece!
How did you get that photo? Is there an effect you used?
Looks like my dog Haru!

https://imgur.com/a/89CDB
You said this photo does her justice, and now all I can see is her with bat ears and a bat symbol in the sky behind her. 

Beautiful girl. 10/10 Would pet 
This is gorgeous
Photo of what?, i see nothing
I love black labs. I've always had black dogs, so once I see one, I always get a homely feeling.
Beautiful
Have a black lab and I seldom get a good picture.
Beautiful puppers and photo!
Nice picture! Looks almost identical to my dog. The hardest part of taking good pictures of him is that he is all black and he tends to show up as a black blob in pictures. Really hard to get a nice shot of him unless the lighting is just right.
As the owner of a jet black cat I can attest the problems with getting a good photo of a black pet.
The lighting is absolutely flawless.  It's like she's slowly emerging from the shadows.
Wow , beautiful dog and photo. I would love to see this in b&w
Her brown eyes are beautiful 😍

 she looks a lot like my lab mix! 
This is a stunning photo. Both the model and the actual quality of the photo.

 Nice work, OP. 

Good girl, pupper! 
This is beautiful. It's so hard to get good shots of black labs. The struggle is real.
[deleted]
Every picture of my black lab is essentially just his eyes....what a beautiful way to do it. Awesome job! 
Excellent photo. 
Haha I have the male version. Here’s a picture i sent my wife a few weeks ago of our lab Shadow. https://imgur.com/a/CCLPw
I love this! My husband and I have two black dogs and we always struggle to take good pictures of them. 

Your dog is gorgeous!
That is one beautiful doggo! 
Photographing a black dog is so tough
Simplicity equals perfection 
AMOLED doggo
New wallpaper of my phone..thanks
Wow!! Stunning!!
Dog covered in vanta black 
Wow, that is an amazing photo of your girl.
Ohhh my. Very regal.  
Black dogs are so difficult to photograph... So this is a pretty damn great picture of a great doggo :) 
Damn gurl
gorgeous
Amazing!
Aww how cute😍😍
10/10 would hang this in my man cave
What a spectacular picture! I also have a stunningly gorgeous black lab, but he ends up looking like a black mass with any picture I take:)
Anyone who has a black dog knows how hard it is to take good photos of them. If it's at all dark or dim or they're near other dark things they fade away or disappear.
Good looking dog you got there

Majestic 
I want this in a frame!
This would be a good painting or graphite drawing.  Beautiful photo.  
If you have a white backdrop, then you could have called the picture: the new iDog.
Is she a black lab?
Wow, this can be an awesome wallpaper for an OLED screen! Truly beautiful subject!
That little piece of gunk in her eye is gonna haunt you forever.
Film student here taking a photography class, did you use localized adjustments in photoshop for the black background or was that staged? Awesome pic!
My screen brightness was set down pretty low. I couldn't see the dog at first. My thought was "Oh... freaking hilarious... Can't see the do... oh there she/he is."
Great picture and what a beautiful dog. I have a black lab boy myself and he’s 4 years old. I love him more and more everyday, he’s my best friend 

I NEED DOGGO. LET ME STEAL DOGGO
I am also the owner of a black dog and I appreciate how hard it is to take good pictures of them ❤️
10/10 would pet
::90s rap beat:: "I dig up the yard and bark all night, living in a doggo's paradise"
I say old boy. You are a very good looking dog.
Such beautiful eyes!
That would make one heck of a jigsaw puzzle.
Legit thought the link was broken. Took a handful of clicks and reclicks before realizing it was black on black
nice
Smooth pupper
Awesome! 
This is so perfectly perfect that makes me feel perfect
Haha, black labs are so hard to photograph! Mines 5 and still haven’t got a good one of him 😬. Nice work!
Amazing! You certainly have an amazing talent and it goes without saying that the dog is gorgeous! :D
Awesome...

thats a beautiful dog
You can't get your wife to smile for pictures either I see
That is a well lit photo.
So gorgeous! I grew up with black labs so this glamor shot hits me right in the feels. 

Now I have a b&w German Shorthair Pointer mix and he's beautiful but so impossible to photograph! Noble black face and head, but white crazy black-spotted (almost harlequin) body. My camera never knows what to make of him!
Where is she?
Can we see some of the out takes?
all i see is black
Perfect shot :’) love labs.. hope to own one of my own very soon! 
This is such a pure and a beautiful picture!
My good girl is black too and it is very difficult to get great photos.  Yours is absolutely beautiful!!
[deleted]
That has to be the best picture of a dog I have ever seen
Elegant
Fair play man, great job. 
iPhone?
I couldn’t see the dog because of the light glare, but now I can see how cool the dog is
Amazing! This photo speaks volumes. 🐾
Love that picture. It looks like something you would find on a pullover 
It’s a black lab inside a black lab. 
Beautiful
Imagine how cute this picture would have been 3 years ago when she was a little puppy! :-) But really, awesome shot.
wow
Iphone portraits mode is awesome. 
Beautiful!
majestic af
This goes well beyond doing her  justice. Absolutely stunning pup! Thanks for sharing.
Reminds me so much of my old black labrador.  She was a black lab with a tiny GSD mixed in.  Most gentle, loving and human dog I’ve ever known.  So real and affectionate, this picture speaks of that same deep, affectionate personality.   Such good dogs, I miss her :(.  Your dog is beautiful. 

Mine had the same brown eyes just like yours.
my dog looks a like this except she has a white old man beard and a tuxedo chest. it's hard to take pics of them because they're african american dogs and don't show up well
I want to do this with my dogs with a black backdrop. I just love how their eyes pop
She's got to be a long lost twin from my baby girl, gorgeous! 
Beautiful photo but all I want to do is rub away that eye boogie 
Does who justice? I don't see anything.
Wow, who is she?
I love it. It brings a tear to my eye. I had  2 hunting dogs (duck retrievers, black Labradors) and this photo really sums them up.
such a passion to serve and have such an intensity when it's time to do their job.
 loving dogs and also knows when it's time to play.


My dogs both died of cancer, thanks for sharing (wo)man.

Beautiful. Makes me miss my lab. Not the hair though :) 
You dont need that photo. I thought with that girl, literally every crappy/badly taken photos will turn gorgeous
Black dogs are extremely hard to photograph. Proof: Am owner of black dog 
I want to pet her.
Beautiful doggo you’ve got there
My black lab is impossible to photograph well. Aside from her sixth sense when a camera comes out her color is just hard to capture well. Excellent photo! 
Regal doggo! :)
I always wipe dem eye gookies out with my thumbs. My husky doesnt like it tho :/
Really great pic and a gorgeous pup.
Years ago I saved this because I loved the lighting so much. Reminds me of your pic. The attached is NOT my dog. NOT my pic. I'm afraid I didn't save owner info. 
https://www.flickr.com/photos/jeffmorse/8525434807/in/dateposted-public/
shes gorgeous
Is your dog an Irish lab? My black lab looks exactly like your and is smaller than an American lab and very skinny but very athletic. We got her from a trainer that had all 3 breeds so we didn’t know which one she was until we did a test! haha she’s beautiful btw!!
She’s gorgeous! What a great photo!
*Ah you think darkness is your ally? You merely adopted the dark. I was born in it, molded by it*
Great pose 🐕 
DAMN. THAT'S ONE GOOD LOOKIN BLACK LAB.
Looks like a great album cover 
An I the only one who feels there should be another 3 dog heads around that dog head. Maybe in a diamond shape
I made this as my lock screen ty
You know those 'black cat in a coal mine' jokes from the era of film cameras with lens caps you forgot to take off?

Well, looks like you actually achieved the 'black pet on black' look
What dog?
Georgeous. Reminds me of my 9 year-old lab so much.
amazing photo of a beautiful doggo
I have a 6 year old male black lab Archer. It’s really hard to photo him because he disappears into the shadows he’s so dark. 
This is a beautiful photo of a beautiful girl. 
As one black lab lover to another, nice work!
Wait what I just see black?
[deleted]
I too have a black lab that doesn't expose well.
This could be an album cover
Idk why this makes me think that
It just does
 Now we want some of the best deep photos before this one. This picture is great!
Beautiful portrait!!! Omg. I feel the need to do this with my Bully. 
Labs are the frickin best
I've been up all night painting, and I just wanted to see what she'd look like with a little more red: https://imgur.com/a/HWy91
Nice shot. Lovely. 

Can I just say one of the first things I noticed was the small but of eye goo though. 
Small, and easy fixed but will make a big difference too imo. :) 
Stealth doggo is one with the shadows
I have a black dog too,I feel your pain! If you ever get to a beach, those are great opportunities too! :)
I have a one year Lab mix.  How long did it takes yours to not be so crazy?  Mine is settling down a little but still need to do 2 walks a day and 2 or more ball throw sessions.  I'm wondering when she will get to the point where only one walk is needed.
She is the night.
She's my dog too, finally I have a good one now, thanks
Freaking dog model!
She is precious!
A+ for tenacity! What have I done to merit a chance to see something so cute? Love her!
Splendid photograph! 
Paint it!!
Looks like my puppy
Good job ! She's really beautiful 
Worth the wait
she reminds me of an old dog in my campus in venezuela we called her "Perrita Negra" translated is "Black Female Dog (or little black female dog, or little black bitch, depending on the context)" .

She was a celebrity on campus going inside classrooms and staying on seats watching professors and just bringing a smile to everyone who pet her. She sadly was made to leave out of campus after an administrative staff accused her and other dogs of being harmful and dangerous so students ended up adopting most dogs and she was adopted by a student luckily , a student that also adopted her pup years before.
Galaxy S9 night photos?
Beaut 
Absolutely stunning. 
Don't like doggos, but this is fire.
Gorgeous picture, what a way to bring out those eyes
That’s one sleek looking dog. Nice photo of her.  
Beautiful woman.
Amazing!!
Pretty girl!
She’s beautiful! (: I just recently had to put my lab down and it was so hard. She reminds me of him, he had those same piercing amber eyes! 
What a good girl she is
She looks very similar to my good little boy Oscar
Beautiful dog indeed! I put her on the lock screen of my phone. 😇
She looks like a cozy leather interior, only a cute one.
Why are there eyes? Whats this a photo of?
shes beautiful
Absolutely stunning!
Well done! Have never been able to capture my black kitty, will have to try this
I have a black cat that I love to pieces, but who refuses to take a decent picture. Lots of shapes and shadows, not a lot of majesticness. 
Obviously crop out the excessive top or headerspacing. Only about three inches there - make it less than the spacing in front of the dog(right hand side of image) direct the eye to your subject that you shot so well.  That is a spectacular photo.  Black on black with clear definition except as it fades to the body redirecting the eye back to that face - great emotion. - 31 years picture framer   
“ Doggo Jobs “ 
This is just my opinion, but I think it needs more contrast 
Black
You should have named her Betty, bam ba lam. 
That background is pretty old, you might want to get a new one. They aren't that expensive you know?
I have a black dog and they are hard to photograph since the details kind of flatten out in 2d.

I've found over time as he's gotten older that he developed white details around his mouth and head that make taking pics easier.
Majestic
New wallpaper 
Black on black gives me a heart attack! :-)
How much more of a good girl can she be?  The answer is none.  None more good girl!
my black lab is so hard to take a picture of unless she's asleep in good light.  i wind up with a blurry black blob every time.
I was looking at this on mobile with my screen brightness not turned all the way up and just thought it was a black screen
Wow, an Awesome photo of a beautiful dog!
iPhone X? Nice pic! 
What an amazing profile!! Beautiful!!!
This is absolutely gorgeous ❤️
Bro, clean out that eye goop!

Jk. I have a short haired pointer and the gets at least 4 goops a day.
Amazing, we have black flat coated retrievers and want to make a similar picture
How did u take this?  
I don’t see anything. 
Black labs and their eye goopies that come back every thirty minutes
That is an amazing picture of your beautiful dog!
[He's black, y'all](https://media.giphy.com/media/Pgeezv0xVhIVq/giphy.gif)
nice, black labs are a pain to get a decent photo of
There are two brown eyes on your background. Be careful, my friend.
omg! had to reply because black labs are life and i know how hard it is to get a decent photo of them they just blend into the darkness! Here's my baby Cadyn https://imgur.com/WLHZhS6 
I know the pain of trying to photograph a black lab all too well... Nicely done.
excellent
Woah holy shit that's a good photo.
She’s lovely, and looks very similar to my lab, although he’s now 10 so has grey whiskers under his chin, he still gets tons of compliments and he’s still active. A lot of people wonder if he is a cross but I know the owners of both parents and he’s a pure lab, just taller and thinner than most labs in the UK.  

I always struggle to get a good picture of him because he’s so black, I’m going to try this 
Beautiful. 
Black labs are so difficult to take pictures of. 
Yes! 
I can't see that dog is in the way
/u/zippyajohn
She’s a beautiful pup!
My God! 
Someone from /r/Amoledbackgrounds needs to remake this for oled screens
Great face, but the crop’s a bit loose don’t you think?
Eye booger
I had a black lab as a Child they are the best. Great picture. 
Love this photo, great job! I have a lionhead rabbit that is black as night. Been over a year and I have yet to get a good photo of him. Usually he ends up looking like a shadow. 
"None more black."
r/rarepuppers
Is hang this above my fireplace and I don’t even have a dog. 
I am vengeance. I am the night. I am Batdog.
New wallpaper
That’s one silky looking pup
Wow. That is a stunning photo. Nicely done, OP!
Legitimately a great photo
So cool!
That is a stunningly beautiful photo of her!
Holy shit - I go out to eat and come back to front page of reddit...
Oh wow!! Impossible not taking s big deep breath when I saw her. Just beautiful. 
Amazing picture! 
The struggle of having a black dog. I still haven't had much success with mine. This is a wonderful shot.
Breathtakingly beautiful
Nice.  I can never get good pictures of my black cat.
Yes. Yes you do! She's gorgeous! 
You need to blow this up on a canvas.  Wall worthy!
Here's my girl (https://i.imgur.com/FL50TTH.jpg)- they do have similar features....
Is her name Velvet? Because it really needs to be.
*Turns brightness way up* 
This looks like an album cover.
Eye goop!
That is a nice photo.
awwwe she looks just like my dog, 13 years ago
This is a gorgeous photograph.
Stunning
A beautiful picture

Even more beautiful dog
eye goober!
Lady of the night 
all i can see is the eye booger
r/photoshopbattles please get the death row cover with this dog
that's such a good picture.

not trying to be a dick or anything though, but maybe you can get someone to photoshop out the little dandruff flecks and eyebooger etc
If you don't frame this and put it in a hallway, you are comiting a crime.
Stunning photo 
That’s a lovely photo. We just got a wee 9 week old puppy. I hope he turns out to be as majestic as your dog. I would try to get a painting of that done. 
it's Mrs O'Leary!!!
Beautiful! 
The contrast between her jet black coat and her piercing eyes is extraordinary. The appearance strikes me in a similar fashion to that of the panther - except for the unmistakeable softness of her gaze; a look that clearly shows she is a kind soul who is loved and adored.
awesome photo for sure!  Crop with subject more centered FTW.
Tips on photographing my black cat?
That's beautiful! Looks like an oil painting from the 17 or 1800s. Hope you enlarge it and hang it in your home, because that's a keeper for sure! Thanks for sharing :)
i have a black dog as well with really glossy hair. I found that my phone just WONT take pics of him. they usually only work in rather low light, and then everything is grainy. in bright light, he's too dark and just shows up as a blob.

I found the best way to take his photo is with an f1.8 or bigger aperture 55mm lens. The general purpose zoom lens i have works too but theres  so many lens elements in the way that it requires higher ISO to work correctly, which exacerbates the blobbiness or graininess depending on where you end up on the ISO scale.
Wow this is hard 
She's so pretty! 
Wow! She is gorgeous and you took a fantastic photo ;-)
Nice! Instantly reminded me of this classic:

https://interfacelift.com/wallpaper/details/1104/black_lab.html
Awww. Love black doggies. What did you use as the background?
This is such a beautiful picture of her! I have a black dog with those same brown eyes. It really is difficult to even get a decent picture of her. I hope I can get a shot like this one day.
Beautiful girl.
Great photo! Congratulations!
Black dogs are SO hard to photograph
3 years to get the right pic ? You must work for the Government !

All jokes aside, beautiful photo.
You need to frame that!! Like wall sized! What a beautiful girl!! Good dog! She needs all the treats. (:
Understood
Can I draw this with the intent to sell it?
This makes me miss by black lab... they’re just the best dogs. I miss her so much. Cherish her every day 
Its a little dark
No one just casually takes a photo like this. OP you say three years, which means there is 3 years of failed photos of this beautiful dog.
Very good! 
C A M O F L A U G E   B O Y E
Beautiful job, lovely subtle light. Very very nice!
Maybe you could've used a lighter black than vanta black?
Love it 
She is bellissima/wunderbar/amazing 
Oh she’s beautiful 
As a lab owner and overall fan of dogs damn thats some grade A photography. Good stuff. 
Eye boogie
The photo captures her beautiful soul.
Great pic!
It always makes me sad that black dogs and cats are less likely to be adopted than other colours. I mean, look at this puppy! Aww! 
Looks like my Shadow baby, but he's not full lab so he has that white patch on his chest. 10/10 pupper nonetheless 
I have a chocolate lab and it's very frustrating that his beautiful brown coat is hard to capture on camera.
If your black lab is anything like mine, this totally doesn't do her justice. Mine is noble about 10% of the time. The rest is split between chewing, derping, and sleeping.

EDIT: She sure is purty, though.
This would make an incredible painting!! 
She has beautiful eyes
Stunning! ❤
 that eye booger is killing me. 
Does who justice?
Wallpaper material there, 
It’s hard to get a good photo of a black dog!
/r/Amoledbackgrounds 
is that a drop of tear or something?
How did you set up this shot? 
My black lab is like a ghost. 
I've even sat on her on the couch a couple times. 
Wow that is stunning
Where is it?
Well worth it
What an awesome photo you should sell it 
Wow....that is awesome!
A photo of what?
Omg black beauty ❤️
(LIKE THE HORSE IS WHAT I MEAN)
Black Labs: Where all light goes to die. 
Alex, is that you? :)
It's my phone background now. Great job!
Good g I r l
Looks so peaceful 
Kind eyes <3
My old dog used to look like that until he found out what cheese was
Eternal darkness doggo.
Yes.  Yes you did.
Stunning!
WOW!
Excellent photo!!!!
That’s majestic
Found the Employee from LG's OLED department!
Apple: Shot on iPhone 
So beautiful!
I also have a black dog and it is so hard to get a shot of him. 
Ok but... I would 100% frame this 
What's her name?!?
and ppl say black cats and dogs are impossible to take pics of 
She looks like she's about to drop an album. 
This would make a great velvet painting!

Stealthy boye 
Is her name justice? That’d be cool
Has some stuff in her eye. 
This gave me the motivation to do this for my babes. Beautiful
That is an amazing photo!
I've seen pretty much the exact same photo as a portrait in my college I think. I'll upload a photo of it tomorrow 
That would make a great painting. 
Wow!!
Is this when the dog got signed to death row records. 
The closest artsy picture I've found of my therapy dog. Thank you. 
One beautiful lab.
I think this is one of the most beautiful things i’ve ever seen!
Doggo: A ruff life. 
My black lab used to be so majestic, just like this. Enjoy the good times, I hate that dogs burn out so fast.  He’s 11 and he has started having terrible grand mal seizures a few times a day. We’re probably getting pretty close to the end with him.
*Wow!* .. She is gorgeous. That picture is breath taking. Your dog has such beautiful and kind eyes!
What phone bruh? I’m desperate to take pictures of my black pooch.
What A beauty
Black doggos are so hard to photograph! Great pic! 
So majestic 
Justice served!!! Pretty pupper!!
I feel like this would be a portrait over a fireplace 
Boy good
Gorgeous 
OP, how do you take such a high quality photo? I have a 5d mk iii with a Sigma 18-35 and looks nothing like this.
"Lower brightness settings until doggo is barely visible".  
Awesome Picture! 
Dog Vader
What did your lighting setup look like? Black dogs are so hard to photograph, looks great
What a beautiful cannine.
Is her name Midnight or shadow? 
r/amoledbackgrounds
What a stunning picture. 
She is absolutely gorgeous! 
wow shes so pretty
Incredible!
Low key lighting
My black lab looks like this. Fucking majestic. Good pic 
Great job @OP! I remember reading somewhere once that it was practically impossible to take a decent picture of a black dog - you've proven them wrong!
Beautiful! Thanks for sharing with us.
she's a beaut
Nice pooch!
I love her
Wow, fantastic job! It not just the well lit black on black imagery that's impressive here, but the fact that you captured the dog's gentleness that makes it so beautiful. My new screen saver!
Awwww, my late Sam, big old stinky stupid boy. 
I have a black lab too and I have yet to get a really awesome photo of him!
This is the most beautiful picture!
There's something behind hef
Majestic af 
Stealthy boi
My goodness.
Stunning bitch!
Dogeallica: The Black Doge Album
Gorgeous picture! 
Looks like a poster for John Wick 3
So so so good. Looks like my doggo when she was young! It’s so hard to get a picture of black labs. They have the most beautiful chocolate eyes. 

This is [her derpy side](https://imgur.com/gallery/He2kW) 

Look at [those chocolate eyes](https://imgur.com/gallery/0syIE) 
Amoled dog
you are an artist and so is your dog
I have an all black dog like this, the best.
Look at that sight, it’s so mature... I feel like this dog has gone through a lot of suffering.

Amazing photo quality and cute pup!
The eye poop is bothering me....I'm sorry.
That looks like a picture I had as a wallpaper on my computer for a long time
I can't see it where's the dog?
So hard to photograph a black dog! I have few really good pics of my [PomChi](https://i.imgur.com/W1Amy3J.jpg)
Coming soon

https://imgur.com/a/0Z6SC
My brightness was down and all I saw was a floating head 
Wow she is a flawless example of a dog.
That's a beautiful picture! I also have a black dog and have never thought about taking a picture of her in front of a black background.
Beautiful 
Is there a species out there taking snapshots of us and capturing our existence in ways we'll never be able to appreciate?
Stunning 
This is so gorgeous!
Well done. Enjoy seeing her photo
All I see is a completely black photo.
Floating doggo head
r/pics
save
Amazing shot!
That’s beautiful! 
[deleted]
Majestic. 
This good girl is prettier than most artistic pictures of women I've seen. Truly mesmerizing.
I always have a hard time capturing our dachshund beagle mix because she's shiny black with white spots/flecks here and there. Your picture came out beautifully. :)
Great low key shot!
I have a black lab whose time is coming (he is very old). What was your lighting set up? I have 2 500w flashes. One octabox and some umbrellas. Black is hard to photograph. 
I was wearing sunglasses and was briefly very confused.
She is just gorgeous!
So dark I cannot them without turning my brightness to max lol 
On mobile if you hold on the picture (to make weird blue animation) you can see a bush in the background 
Looks like Dobby
You’re missing the most important part!
WHAT’S HER NAME?!?
CamoLab
Here’s one of my girl https://i.imgur.com/TwjTehG.jpg
Looks like a poster for an award-winning movie that got an Oscar. Just need a single word title in Times New Roman or something similar, a dramatic tagline, and you're set. Oh, and probably something at the bottom about it being directed by some big-time director like Spielberg or Scorsese.
Beautiful!! 
This looks like the cover to an alternative rock album.
Am I the only one getting Tom Clancey vibes off this pic? 

Ntl, cool pic OP
Are we about to have another Pensive Pet Pic Day?!?!  It was one of my favorite reddit days last year.  
the real Bleck Penther
Black on Black!!!!
Is this a flattie?
There's someone in that picture of black? :)

Very nice.
photoshop that eye crust out
That eye gook is all I could see after I opened the full image.  She’s pretty but you have to clean that shit!  It’s one of the brightest parts of the picture.
Just lost my black lab to cancer. They are incredible creatures, take good care of yours.
Gorgeous
This is a much better photo than my LinkedIn portrait 
WOW!!!!!
What's kinda cool is that when I clicked on the photo using my phone, it lit up the picture for a brief second to expose a little more detail of her, making the picture even that much more magical! 
Nice low key photograph.
What was the process in taking this photo
My sweet girl looks just like yours! Beautiful pup! 
I cleaned my screen just to get a better look at this picture
this is art. im in awe and in "awww". i love this. 
Good job!

Beautiful
/r/photography
Stunning..just..wow
Absolutely Gorgeous bud
That looks like my dog
Worth the wait 
Pretty girl.  Mine looks very similar, even down to the constant eye booger.
Perfection 
If this is a 100k front page post.. Reddit is no longer worth daily clicks. Goodbye once interesting website
Wow! Not bad man! I had my photo-cringe-feeling-of-photo-amazingness! ;)
I had my screen brightness on 0% and all I could see was an orange dot.
Absolutely gorgeous.
Worth the wait, too.
That is an absolutely great candid shot. You 100% need to frame this.
WOW.  She is gorgeous and so is the photo!
It gives me hope that someday I will get one as great.
incredible image! well done
Ohhh, that's nice. <3
Oh my goodness! What a beauty!!! 
Oh my...she's so beautiful 
Holy shit that is not an easy shot. Kudos from a fellow photographer.
Why so mysterious 😀
I remember seeing this when you posted it a few days ago, and was shocked it didn’t have more upvotes. Pretty crazy that now it has 100k! Well deserved, beautiful photo. Kind of inspires me to trust your vision and even if others don’t see it at first, to try again. Well done!
Okay, this is just cool.
Her name shall be Batman. You're welcome.
My phone screen is dirty 
Had to turn my brightness up. 
Awesome!  As a fellow black lab owner I know how hard it is to take a great picture!
Beautiful doggo, friend. You’re so lucky!
I miss my doggo
r/amoledbackgrounds
Darkness... Darkness is spreading 
https://www.blogger.com/blogger.g?blogID=1421338183731170045#editor/target=post;postID=6363869783158161839;onPublishedMenu=allposts;onClosedMenu=allposts;postNum=0;src=postname
Incredible picture. What kind of camera do you have?
Lovely! It's so tough to get pictures of black dogs.
She’s beauty, she’s grace.
https://media.giphy.com/media/3o7bu3hxaeqgi9SJQk/giphy.gif
Upload a Deviantart art link so we can buy this print! 
https://www.blogger.com/blogger.g?blogID=1421338183731170045#editor/target=post;postID=6363869783158161839;onPublishedMenu=allposts;onClosedMenu=allposts;postNum=0;src=postname
Beautiful. 
I made a photo of our dog, inspired by this beauty!
Check it out!

https://i.redd.it/javly8fx7wu01.jpg

https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/8ftcau/this_is_our_beautiful_blonde_labrador_inspired_by/
My God I want to marry you just because of the picture... So beautiful.
I don't get it, is it because she's so ugly you wanted to only be able to make out her eyeball? That being said its a great looking dog but an all black dog on an all black background seems stupid.
I'm bottom of reply list, but hear this OP. That pooch is everything. This is a beautiful picture, but never settle. Snap pictures everyday, film videos everyday. The dull moments are the bliss you reflect on. A pooch doesn't live long in human terms, but will live a lifetime in your heart and will be ever more clear in your mind for your whole life if you take. pictures.
*/I am the woofer in the night/*
What a cutie
Once you go black on black, you never go back.
Now THAT is a photo! Great picture!
awwwwwww
I love her shiny black coat in contrast to her brown eyes, well done!
