He needs his own pair of shades!
Sir, that is a Wookiee. 
Punch it, Chewie!
"This is Ben. Ben thinks he's people. But Ben also has a job at the local Starbucks and has his own 401k, so he's probably not wrong."
Who is the dog?
Ben is a good boy who unlocks the use of the carpool lane.
Elwood Blues: It’s 106 miles to Chicago, we’ve got a full tank of gas, half a pack of milk bones, it’s dark out and we’re wearing sunglasses.

Jake Blues: Hit it!
More pics please
That's a cool human you got there. What breed is he?
This dog looks like "The Dude"

https://i.imgur.com/R7DvL1v.jpg
Chewie?
What kind of dog is Ben? He looks like a shaggier giant version of my mutt-of-unknown-provenance. 
My dog's name is Ben. I have a beard but he does not. 
Why are Chewbacca and Kevin Smith hanging out together?
Is this the dude from duck dynasty 
He is awesome!!! 
He looks like the dude, man.
Ben needs a brow trim bro, he can't see the funny looks you guys get lol
You're probably overwhelmed with replies, but I wanted to say thank you.

Ben made me laugh during an upsetting nerve pain episode. Snortles were produced. You both made my day a whole lot better :)

Please put a Chewbacca bandolier on him.

How much does he weigh?
The guy looks like youtuber Shay Carl.
His leash even looks like Chewbacca’s ammo belt
HOV Lanes HERE I COME!!  
What breed?
[removed]
That seatbelt makes him look like Chewbacca 😂
Edit: Just figured out it was a leash 😂
More pics please


I'd follow that dog's advice
[Ben needs the Wookiee seatbelt!](https://www.thisiswhyimbroke.com/chewbacca-seatbelt-cover/) 
And he has a lovely dog too! 
Which one is Ben?
And you let him drive?
Anyone else think that was Chewbacca??
Can he fix the hyperdrive?
Whats the dog's name?
Punch it Chewie!!
Prince Eric called. He wants his dog back 
Pls do that dog a favour and cut its hair. Allow him to see.
You ever dress up as Han Solo? You could try to use Ben as a Chewy decoy for carpool. 
Looks like the Dude, in dog form

I hope you don’t take this as an insult because you have a nice beard, but damn...his is better.
Cut the hair in front of his eyes back 
Thank you for blessing all of us with this image sir. The internet is forever grateful. 
Tell him I love him please thanks 
Ben also has a pretty cool dog. 
When you get into the car do do you say "Punch it Chewie!"?
I thought it was The Dude...man 
Yup haha
If this dog could talk It would sound like Sam Elliot and give you sage advice. 
Give him a cut, needs to see.
Hopefully you're on the way to the groomer to fix his bangs, that poor dog can't see.
Wrong sub, but where could someone find those shades?
Dude! You know Tim Allen?!?!
Ben The Wookie Solo
for some reason he reminds me of The Dude. he's awesome.,
"Chewie, lock in the auxiliary power."

Hey ben im human sized too but dont feel the need to brag about it. Thats a cool dog though.
Give him a Chewbacca utility belt and it will be largely self-explanatory.
Punch it Chewie!
Chewbacca..
I didn’t know Keemstar has a dog.
Ben looks like the kind of dog I'd like to have a beer with while coming up with some crazy business ventures we could blow our life savings on. 
 You sir, should be ashamed of yourself. That cannot be a dog. That is surely a sasquatch you have taken from its native environment. Return him, or her,  to their home else a legion of sasquatches/sasquatchi/sasquatcheses (Not really sure what you call a group of these beasts, if anyone knows please enlighten me) and their sassy hats shall picket your home.  Return him, and stop using the car pool lane!
My dudes out here looking like Chewbacca
Please put your wife's seatbelt on! 
He's a helluva co-pilot, but when it comes to locking in the auxiliary power, you'll have to tell him twice.
Chewbarka
Punch it Chewie!
Han and Chewie 2018
He needs a replica of Chewbacca's bandolier, and you got yourself a damn good cosplay k-9.
Chewie, is that you?!
I can’t be the only one who at first glance thought this was a guy in a chewbacca costume.
Yeah we get it, it's Ben, he has a beard and is human sized - but what's the name of the good boy on the left? 
He needs his bangs trimmed so he can see too!
Okay and who's the dog
No that's chewbacca
PUNCH IT CHEWY ! 
Y’all qualify for the HOV lane!
Hit the hyper drive
Han Solo and Wookie lol
The Ben Lebowski
Beard  bros
Chewbacca and Han Solo
Ben has his sunglasses on and drives me to the pet shop.
Cruel to put sunglasses on him though.
Dude, dog can't see.  Cut dogs hair.
... put sunglasses on him
You have to buy a right hand drive car asap. The looks gonna get even more funner.
He needs sunglasses
He is the dog equivalent of you, I love him 
I'm not sure which one of you would get the most attention on /r/beards. :)
The name's Dude
Car pool laaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaane!!!!!!!!!!!!
Irish Wolfhound?
What type of "human" is he?
Dude perfect, anyone?
Ben's got some nice shades
Nice! And what's the dogs name?
it’s cruel to let the dog’s vision stay obstructed like that lol. 
.

All he needs is a bass, hangin way low, and you guys could be 
ZZTop.
Things people will do to be able to use car-pool lane in rush hours...
AMA please.
Nice, what's the dog's name? 
Where the hell did you get a pet Wookie?
I like Ben's sunglasses!!  😉... and the dog looks cool!
Looks like a dog I'd have a beer with. Cheers!
I like bens shades and hat
Yeah but what's the dogs name
Omg You should so take him to Comic-Con and dress him as Chewbacca!!!!! 
Did the dog post this?
Wait, which one's Ben?
How long did it take him to learn how to drive?
Is he Chewbacca?
I like Ben’s hat and sunglasses
I think a bandolier is in order
I thought it was someone dressed as chewie for a sec
That dude next to Ben looks like he is probably pretty good looking. 
What's the dog's name? 
Both handsomely gorgeous
I remember him from 2 Stupid Dogs.
Which one is Ben?
Trim the poor guys eyebrows already!!
I’ve got two sheep dogs. One is 13. He’s having a really bad day. Might be his last. 

Seeing this made me think about our good times though. I appreciate that.
Do you have any idea how many times I would say “Chewie! Get us outta here!” When the light turned green? 
Man, ZZ Top look good for their age
Chewy? 😅
Sir do you realize there's a homeless man in your passenger seat... Oh, never mind!
Keemstar is that u???
Totally thought you were a guy I used to bang for a moment.

Anyway, er. Hi ben!
still not sure which one posted this
KEEMSTAR?
I believe you have own a wookie good sir. Not a dog
Brother!
Chewie? Is that you?
Carpooling right
Ben’s human looks like Mike Napoli. 
I am also Ben. I also have a beard. I am also human sized. However I do not get fun looks at traffic stops. Only not fun looks
Give him some sunglasses and it's jerry garcia.
Punch it Chewie!
Are you aware that your dog is chewbacca?
Punch it, Chewie.
Where can I send the beard oil? Take your pick at [Labrador Supply Co](https://www.labradorsupply.co/collections/beard-oil) 
Who’s the dog though?
Sir, your dog seriously needs sunglasses.

Just like yours.

That is all.
Someone Photoshop them into the Millennium Falcon please
And my name is Ralph. I am a dog.
Punch it Chewie
I thought that was Chewbacca 
You look like Han and Chewie's stunt doubles 
Punch it Chewie!
Man Ben needs a hair cut, cant even see all the bitches checking him out I bet.
Do you own the millennium falcon of cars? and can it do the Kessel run in less than 12 parsecs??? 



"punch it chewie!"

The hat and glasses really make him look human!
[Muffled ZZ Top Playing In The Distance]
Real life Han Solo and Chewbacca 
Chewbarka
Theses two dudes look like they'd give me a ride to Alderaan
Punch it, Chewie!
That man needs to shave, he looks like a freaking sheepdog.
Chewy?
It's like if Han and Chewy were smuggling in the midwest.
Chewie
He looks like Cheewie <3 
First glance, I thought it was Chewie 
He looks like Chewbacca
just get new glasses and you wont get weird looks geez ben
That's cool and all but what's the dogs name?
ZZ Topp are in town. Cool.
Which one is Ben?
Cosplay chewie and Han for your next wedding party 
 I gave them the Star Wars treatment 
https://i.imgur.com/DdQ3Xty.jpg 
Chewie in his teen years
Let the Wookiee win!
Which one is Ben now? They both fit the description.
Must be nice having a dog thats also your weed dealer. 
Chewbacca!
It's ZZtop
Hit hyperdrive chewie
Modern-day Han Solo and his Wookie.
Aww. We don’t deserve dogs. 
Ben, what is your dogs name. 
Chewbacca
Which one of you wrote this?
#youshotfirst
Ben, the two of us need look no more.  
We’ve both got the beards we’re hoping for.  
Ben, you always call shotgun  
Which causes confusion.  
But, Ben, my friend, you see,  
You’re best doggo for me.
Please trim your dog hair, poor thing can’t even see
[removed]
I’ve been told it can negatively impact a dog’s vision health if their hair is long enough to cover their eyes. I know you may find it difficult to grant him eye contact as it will be nearly impossible to resist when he begs for a bite of the steak you grilled up for dinner... but it’s in his best interests in the long run (the haircut - not necessarily the steak). 
never ceases to amaze me how couples look more and more line each other as they age
He would probably really appreciate it if you cut all the hair in front of his eyes so he can see better.
very hansom doggo
Are you wearing a zipper hoodie, a flannel shirt, and a graphic tee? Could you be more internet?
Wtf cut that dogs hair dude
This needs to be posted in r/beards too 
But, but that's a wookie. 
My dude....
At least trim around his eyes, otherwise i love the long hair. I always recommend sanitary shaves. Keeps the awesome hair, cleans up the nasty spots. 
I so thought it was a chewie suit 
He needs a groom
Get the hair out of your dogs eyes.
Ben can’t see shit
This poor dog probably can’t see through all of that hair, and has no way to communicate that fact. 
LOL!!!! THAT DOG IS WEARING SUNGLASSES!
I'm gonna be the downer and say:

Dude maintain your fuckin' dog's fur length because that shit looks awful for him.
Run you fools!
He looks like my uncle Donald not even joking lol 
Pretty sure that’s high school nerd Scott Howard
Cool shades Ben
Far out man.
I bet he feels well like one of the lads
Needs a t-shirt 
Ham solo and chewie for Halloween pics when they happen pls. 
Im just impressed you can type so well with paws
Needs more bandolier
If he started speaking I wouldn't even be surprised.
Is Ben a Giant Schnauzer? 
which one is the human?
I’m almost sure that if you call him by his name he will actually respond “WHAT?!”. 
Which one is Ben
Chewbacca......just needs shades!
Also, Ben is on the right.
Ah filming of the new Hangover movie
I love him
[deleted]
You get fun looks 'cause you're both adorable!!!!!!
I like Ben's sunglasses. 
Co-pilot needs sunglasses too.
Thats a wookie not a dog!
don't lie - it's Sasquatch
Ben has cool glasses
You should buy him a bandolier
You look like Jayson Werth
Um, is that Keemstar... At a StarWars set? I've seen it all.

Nah, that's Chewie.
Put sunglasses on him!
He looks like A Chewbacca
You need to get his fur cut more regularly. 
"Punch it chewie!"
Revs engine and shoots off
Both cute!
Ok... But what about the dog?
Buy him a pair of those sunglasses. Would look cool on him. 
Do you always let him drive?
Be nice to Ben, he drives
Wear sunnies and cap. So?
He needs a crossbow and you need a black vest.
Hov for days
Wow Ben looks like the Goodest Passenger Doggo, please give him all the pets and snuggles for me!
Hey, that's just like your opinion man.
"the dog abides"
It's Chewbacca!!!
Awh!  He's got his own hat and shades, too!
This is the coolest thing ever, like a cartoon brought to life
Nice to see they've started on the Fear and Loathing sequel
How did ben take this picture while driving
You look like the guy from Dude Perfect
You look like the guy from Dude Perfect
Does....does this count as HoV approved?
Definitely Chewie
Looks like it's an actual person dressed up! haha
Gandalf!
He looks like Rick Rubin in the 99 Problems video
Legend of Han Solo continues... 
This is awesome. 
Dude, perfect!
Punch it, Chewie!
Yay! Carpooling. 
Nice to meet you Ben. What's your human's name?
Damn I like this movie poster for the new Han Solo movie! Dang like the early prototype to Millenium falcon best in class seats with heated undercarriages noice!
"Ben, the two of us need look no more.....
Ben,
we both found what we're looking for."

~Micheal Jackson about a rat. No, really.~ 

And it works even better here. 
Bearded Ben wins life.
Hi Ben! Nice blue sunglasses you got there.
Enough about Ben, who’s the guy with the sunglasses?
And what’s the dogs name. 
Good Boy

Can you do some trickshots for me aswell?
Lots of Wookie related comments here (as there should be) but I think people want to also know how often you two ride in the carpool lane without issue? 
But whats the dog's name?
I need tips on how you keep that beard so glorious.
Bigfoot is real! 
Hi Ben,  I'd like to know the Wookie's name.
plot twist: Ben is the one with the glasses!.
I think you guys could get away with driving in the carpool lane. 
Don't you think ben would be happier getting a haircut so he doesn't have most of his vision blocked by his hair lol
What is the dog's name?
All that dog needs are some tasty waves, a cool buzz, and he’s fine 
Your dog looks like he's in a southern doom metal band.
You’re a babe. 
Anyone know what car this is? Looking in the reflection of the glasses it looks like a citoren but I'm unsure.
Traffic? Give him some shades and get in the HOV lane
Do y'all use the same beard oil?
More pictures, please. He's lovely.
Is there a subreddit for dogs who look like their humans?
Is your dog /u/petermayhew?
[Alternate picture of him](http://clipart.toonarific.com/data/media/5/2stupid002.gif)
The dog or the guy?
[I too have a bearded copilot.](https://i.imgur.com/qYakep6.jpg) 
His house must be full of hair 
I’m a maug!
How old is your majestic doggo? 
One of them has no sunglasses, and the other one is named Ben.
You really should get this seatbelt cover for your passenger seat:  http://shutupandtakemymoney.com/shop/star-wars/star-wars-chewbacca-seat-belt-cover/

Hey Ben, nice dog!  
You need to get a recording of Chewbacca's wookie speech and blast it on your stereo.
Any more photos? 
Who’s a good handsome bearded boy? Huh buddy? It’s both of you!
My partner and I are having a disagreement.

I think this is Chewie, she is very specifically saying that it is Jeff Daniels from Dumb & Dumber wearing a dog suit.

Please confirm who is closer OP
Chewweeeeee!
I'd be charging that boy rent & bills.
I just realized we're eating animals. They're basically people. What have we done?
I mean looks like a regular guy to me 
Is that Sass, mate?
Teen Wolf!
Brodog.
1st Gen Wookiee
ON RIGHT, mid werewolf transformation.
ON LEFT, Full werewolf transformation.
"Morning Sam. Morning Ralph."
So... whose you’re cute passenger??? 😄
Cool, you know Tony Beets!
Literally looks a hairy man in a dog suit.


Super cute though. 
Hi Ben, what’s your dog’s name?
More Ben please
That dog is amazing
[The Dude abides.]( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TE_oIIIwWl0)
Amazing
Reminds me of a bearded Jeff Bridges. 
Don’t know you’re name but I’m voting for you in 2020. Make America beard again! 
Some posts on this sub just make wish I could upvote something more than once
Both of your beards are majestic.
Who is the guy on the left?
I'm pretty sure your dog owes me fifty bucks
The dog’s name is Bernie, he wrote this post about his human. 
Awesome !!!
Is Ben on the right or left?
Oh the HOV possibilities
I have serious beard envy of your dog
Chewie...we’re home
I would like to see more pictures of Ben acting like a human, please.
In a an alternate reality where dogs evolved into humanoids...
Glorious!
Chewbacca?
Ladies and gentlemen, this is Chewbacca. Chewbacca is a Wookiee from the planet Kashyyyk. But Chewbacca lives on the planet Endor. Now think about it; that does not make sense
It's Wilfred!
There's a subreddit for pets that look like their owners, right?
Like father like son! 
He needs a gold chain and Roca Wear jacket
What kind of dog?  Mine looks very similar!
It's Sassy! Wut r u talkin abeet
What's the dog's name?
The lost member of ZZ Top?
He looks like the bass player from guitar heros 1-3
Does Ben work part-time as a Muppet?? 
The sunglasses almost make him look human
*Gimme all your lovin'*
Ed....ward?
Does he like blueberry pies?
As a guy who can't grow facial hair I'm jealous af...
That's cool. What's the dog's name?
That's a nice photo of Ben, but I'm more impressed that a dog can post on reddit.
you look like Shay Carl Butler
Nice Ben.  But what’s your dogs name?
And he's driving too!
Ben is gorgeous! I can't believe he is real. 💕💕
needs glasses
Which one is Ben?
Is Ben the one on the right or left?
What up Drama Alert Nation, it’s your host, DJ Killer Keemstar!
Human sized. Love that unit of measurement!
Good relations with the Wookiees you have
Chewie is that you?
I’m not sure which one is Ben
Yeah, I see what you mean. What's the dog's name?
You look like Rick Rubin and Jay-z in 99 Problems

http://www.softrevolutionzine.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/Schermata-2012-06-09-a-19.21.06.png
Is that keemstar?
Old English sheep dog? I have one as well. Such goofy, amazing dogs 
Ben's cooler than me. Fuck you Ben, you handsome devil.
Put a hat and jacket on him and that’s free HOV for life
The most impressive bit, is that it's actually the one in the passenger seat who posted this...
Ben is a badass! 
I am impressed. Please film people's reactions. Please? 
Deadass thought that was Chewbacca 
that is cool what is the dogs name
Chewbacca needs a haircut
Haha the guy on the left looks like a dog lol
That's cool that you got him wearing sunglasses..LoL
Woof Wookiee.
Put a shirt on him, a shirt with a collar.
Who is the dog with Ben
Can you use the car pool lane?
Which one is Ben? Both are human sized.
When people buy dogs for social media reasons 
Damn hes awesome
Is that ZZ Top?!
Plot twist. The dog is OP. 
I thought it was a chewbacca costume. Lmao!
Z Z  T O P  B O Y E
He would qualify for the carpool lane. He looks more human than some people I've seen. 
Which member of ZZ Top is that?
You are gorgeous. Glorious beard. 😍😍😍
Ben seems like a nice man. 

What's your name, Mr. Dog?
Ben is a very goodboi
Well, all I see is a sharp dressed man...
Dude, his name is The Dude. 
Does the hair in front of his eyes bother him? 
plot twist: OP is the wookie
 Ben has some sweet shades.
Do you get to use the carpool lane?
Your dog looks chill af
Shay carl?
You need to get him a matching cap and sunglasses!
I love your dog
 Thanks for sharing!
Ben looks like Zakk Wilde in dog form
At Lez mate!
Ben is awesome!
They come a runnin' just as fast as they can  

'Cause every girl crazy 'bout a sharp dressed man
Chewy!!!
Ok, but who's that in the passenger seat?
I thought it was that guy from Alaskan Bush People on Discovery...
You got a Wookie? 
Posted by dog. 💥
You ever use him to drive in the carpool lane?
The Dude a rides.
Ben, what’s your dogs name?
How do u both look like Brett Burns?
99% sure I've got that exact same button up.  
Oh hi Ben, nice dog you got there.
The new Star Wars movie looks great
Which ones Ben?
<obligatory carpool lane joke>.   Yes officer, he thinks he's people!
The new Star Wars movie looks great.
What in the kashyyk dog breed is that handsome fellow!
\*yawn\* another dog driving a car.
which one is Ben?
We know about Ben. Now we want to hear about the dog.
Now you need to wear a shirt with him on it and vice versa. 
Does he have any abilities to heal? Serious question here... 
I feel like you're driving with Jeff Bridges if he was a dog.
What kind of dog is he?
I put a sailors cap on my dog once and sat in tabs still traffic. It was by far the greatest thing I have ever done because of the looks we got. 
Do you always use the HOV/express lanes?
I appreciate the fact that people really do resemble their dogs , or dogs resemble their owner. However you want to look at it.
What’s the dogs name??
Nice to meet you Ben. What’s your dog’s name? 
Hi Ben, awesome dog you've got!
He is awesome but can you please let him see how awesome he looks?
I didn’t know dogs could make Reddit posts. 
/u/thegospelofmark are those frogskin glasses? There totally tits 🔥🔥
If you don't start the car then dramatically say "Punch it!"  
You are missing out on some golden opportunities.
Chewbacca Mom!
Which one is Ben though?! 
Hey Ben, What's the dog's name? 
They say dogs do look like their owners sometimes.  
That’s a really good looking dog.  But I just have one question.  Wouldn’t it be best for the dog to not have hair over his eyes? I’m not a dog owner, nor do I know much about them.  
It's Han and Chewy in between trilogies!
Dogs posting on reddit now... great.
Which one is Ben?
Ok Ben but what’s the dogs name?
It’s cool Ben wears mirrored sunglasses 
Ok cool, so what's the dogs name
There’s a beverage here, man. 
Ben looks like a wizard.
He looks like the dude if he was a furry.
Skyrim dog!
Chewbacca
Those beards are glorious.
Like ZZ Top
When you want to use that HOV lane
Shay Carl and his side squeeze
He looks like The Dude! Love it!
but, what is the dog's name?
What breed is he ?
Let the wookie win.
What does yiga mean?
"The one on Ben's right is his dog"
In awe of this lad.. absolute unit
Plot twist : Ben is on the right 
That's one [Shaggy Doggo](https://i.imgur.com/zcB239d.jpg)
Oh my god that thing is hairy. The one on the left kinda is too
You should teach him how to drive!
I’d put a shirt on him and hop in the carpool lane lol 
Chewie... We're home. 
Lmao I thought it was a chewbacca not a dog
Chewie!
Now *that's* a dog voiced by Sam Elliot.
Chewchilla?  Where have you been??
This is Wilfred.
but are you allowed in the carpool lane?
But what's the dog's name?
This could describe both of them.
WoW!!
Bork.
Poor boye can't see
Straight up looks like a Wookiee 
That ain't a dog, this dude just picked up an alien. That's all.
~~K, but what is the name of the dog?~~
If I were a cop and you used the hov lane I would not ticket you 
I was thinking of a Star Wars joke
Reminds me of a sunday afternoon Disney film from the 80s
Ben is the new leader of this world. 
Low key thought it was chewbacca 
How bad does Ben stink?
Ben the dog or dude (jk)
I have a tiny version of Ben 
Get that dog a wizard hat, STAT!!
I see you taught your human to drive. Good drogo
And he can drive apparently 
That dog looks like 1/3 of ZZ Top
HOV lane pass for sure
https://youtu.be/VjQMpBb1gps
Omg please post on /r/beards 
Ben is a good boy 
[deleted]
I've got the same leash.
Can that good boye see under his bangs?
This is the best! Did you always look alike or did you grow into one another?
Ben looks like Norman Reedus 
DJ Killer Keemstar and Chewie. 
Han and chewy 
I bet you could ride in the HOV lane with him no problem 
Chewy, dat u?
That's definitely Chewy.
If that isn’t Chewbacca 
Punch it Chewie!
Chewbarka
Does he owe you a life debt?
Never seen a dog wear a hat backwards before. 
Your dog looks like Tony Beets from Gold Rush, haha. 
You know when you can look at two people and just know that the universe put them together? That's how it is looking at you guys! 
What’s the dogs name?
Which one’s Ben? 
https://d1ejxu6vysztl5.cloudfront.net/comics/garfield/1979/1979-12-02.gif
I like Ben. 
Your dog is so strangely human.. like the personality and style emanates through this photo.
Hi Ben, what’s your dogs name?
Ben can definitely smell fear. 
What's the name of the other one, next to Ben, with the leash on?
That made my fucking day.
Punch it albino chewie
The dogs are taking over!!!
Subaru? 
r/beard
Wish my beard was so majestic, like the dog, I mean.
Nice beard! Cute dog. 10/10
Ben sure looks like a great companion.
Oh man, what a neat dog!
gonna need a Han Solo costume here
Looks like Steve McKenna...and the one on the right does, too.  #threesheets
Wookies count for carpool lanes right?
Ben, 26

Works at a micro brew. Used to be super into skiing, but ever since he bought his snowmobile he's more into that. 
With the shades, he looks like the fourth member of ZZ Top!
Nice
What is the guys story?
Can you please cut the hair out of his eyes? Or does he drive like that to protect his eyes?
Chewbaca?
You can probably use Carpool lane with Ben on board lol 
Good boy is also good as a HOV lane companion!
Hi Ben; who is the Wookiee to your right?
I had to do a double take because you look EXACTLY like my boyfriend, I thought for a second “holy shit he finally got Reddit! But whose dog is that..??” 
I'm Ben and human sized too, but since I am human, that is less interesting.
He looks like he slaps the bass
Halloween idea: Han Solo and Chewbacca 
Subaru? 
And his dog looks pretty cool too.
The Dude abides
If The Dude were a wookiee
What's the dogs name though?
nice shades,Ben!

I thought this was a Chewbacca cosplay.
Obviously you have to get him a hat and shades too.
Wadiyatalkinabeet?
Why isn't Chewie wearing his belt?!?
What’s the dog’s name tho
