That is the happiest happy face that ever happied
"I just met you, and I love you!" - Dog, most definitely
Super cute,  all best to you and your new companion. 
The person that said "money can't buy happiness" never paid an adoption fee at their local animal shelter.
I'm at the other end of this cycle, putting my old boy down tomorrow. Seeing pictures like this and thinking of all the adventures I had with my boy, I hope you have many years of joy with your new friend. 
#Don’t make any sudden movements there’s a bear in your car!
That looks like the start of a beautiful friendship. 
That face just yells

**FINALLY IM BEING OWNED**
Black labbies are the best!
Let me be the first to say :
Don't play with your phone whilst driving. 
[deleted]
Congratulations on your new best friend!
Words cannot describe how heart meltingly cute this is
Hey puppy hey!! Hims so flipping cute I just can’t stand it 😍😍😍😍

Name??
More like, "Got this big guy yesterday" -puppy
Nah, dude, that paw says HE got YOU. 
what kinda doggo is that


Like the name of this thread..AWWWW
So freaking cayoooooooot 😍

Next purchase is a harness+seat belt, right? 😉
He's stoked! 
You got him yesterday and he already knows how to drive!
Congratulations!  I hope you are as awesome an owner as that little pup’s face seems to indicate you are!  ❤️
Dude adopted a cartoon
 Cuuute!!

Also, I don't wanna be that person but: airbags open explosively, literally. And they are triggered even in minor accidents. An opening airbag would likely insta-kill a dog on the front seat. 

Please please, get your new pupper a safe way to be transported in the car, at least if they're gonna ride along regularly. Either a car crate (I hear rufftuff is good), or car harness in the back seat, or I think some cars let you turn off the passenger airbag (for putting a child seat or so?) so then you could harness him on the passenger side. Sleepy pod did really well in a review I once read where they actually tested them. Turns out a lot of "car harnesses" are useless and don't hold up, including to my surprise the ruffwear load up. Since it's inconvenient to buy harnesses for a rapidly growing pup, you might settle for a crate, or one of the padded seats for smaller dogs (there's some reviewed here: dogjaunt.com)
No, I'm not from any of these companies.. just figured I'd offer some resources :)

Enjoy your new friend!
Had a really rough couple of weeks and his smile made me smile and chuckle. Thank you for sharing!!!
Can I have him? 

Please
Ah fuck! He is adorable!!
So who's taking the selfie?
He looks so happy!!
AHHHHH! SO CUUUUTTTTTEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!
He looks like a handful. You and your little guy are going to have fun times ahead! 
Sheer joy. at 61 i count the greatest joys of my life as being my dogs kids and grands. Dogs were easier but alas they don't live as long. Had many cats too and they were my darlings, as are my children, who of course have far more meaning. But they have enriched all our lives to the moon and back. ( still sleep with two dogs at one son's home, two dogs at the other son's home when visiting, and a Russian Blue cat when my daughter was in the AF. ). Love EVERYTHING.  life is short.   My grandkids burst in my room while visiting and scream my name, crawling under the covers with me. We get in my car at dusk and go drive into the woods to go "deer hunting". Which really means we are spotlighting deer who never appear. The kids snuggle under blankies with their batman and wonder woman figurines and we watch Batman and Ww vids on youtube under the trees. I feed them chocolate treats and nerds and hug them. Happy. Not everything has been, lost my parents and a sister whom I loved so very much....  but these things are extraordinarily life affirming.  The remains of a day. 
Can't cope with the cuteness
You look waaaaaay too excited to be showing off the new Hooman you got!!
What a cute little guy, what's his name?
God damn he’s so cute
:D
Happy and peppy and bursting with love. 
What’s his name?
"I am so happy!" "I am too!"
I bet that tail goes a mile a minute.
OH MY GOD 
WHAAAAAAAAASAAAA!!
Great picture!
Man he's going to grow up so fast, you will wonder where the time flew by. Get a ton of pictures and videos often.
The paw on your lap is pretty adorable paired up with his smile
aaaaaaaaaAAAAaaaAAAAAAAAAAA
#BEST FRIENDS ALREADY
I never expected this post to get so big. Thanks for the gold! Thanks for everyone's concerns about driving safety. Black lab/border collie mix. Still throwing around ideas for names. Good day.
He looks so happy!!! I hope you're not using your phone while driving though, gotta keep you and the little guy safe.
Taking pics while driving, nice.
I hope you realize that driving with your new pet in the driver seat while simultaneously taking pictures all while attempting to operate a 3000 lb death machine highly increases the likely hood that both of you will die very soon.
He is so stoked for this adventure called life you are going to share
ok, serious.

how do I get a dog? everyone in LA talks about rescues (for better or for worse) but most rescues do home inspections, and people joke it i is harder to get a dog than it is to adopt a child.
Aww he's so precious 😀😀
I want to steal that doggo
[My puppy did the same thing when I got her](https://i.imgur.com/WZL75MU.jpg), only I had her in the back seat \(I had a dog hammock thing\).
Much excite!
Dogs are just the greatest.
Many adventures await the both of you. Best wishes! 
Fuck all cats they are kids of fucking satin
Do dogs really smile and show happiness like poeple? Or are we just anthropomorphizing the Lil cutie? 
Dude!  Don’t want to freak you out, but... you’re on the wrong side of the road! 
Nope. He just got his human. 
Treat him well , I had my little puppy 18 years . I still miss him . 
"AAAAAAAA" — dog
/u/ccav8463
I'm jealous. I want a labrador.
I see lots of cute trouble in your future. 
Oh god what a perfect little derp 
Congrats! RIP your furniture, he's cute but he looks crazy.
He's a babe- my god 
Omg cutest dog ever
He's wondering why you're driving from the wrong side of the car
Just a Labrador Labradoing what a Labrador Labrado 
*Doggo does a joy*
And youre already endangering him by taking pics while driving. Great owner, just grade A
Your steering wheel is on the wrong side
I can smell the puppy breath from here. 
Such cuteness!!!   Dog, “Life’s gonna be GOOD!”
Not to be dramatic but I’d die for your puppo
Adopt don’t shop! He’s adorable !
Adorable puppy, but don't use what I assume is your phone while driving you dink.
Hes so cute and he seems to really enjoy the car ride
What’s it like getting 23K karma from one post?
Congrats on your new buddy! Please give him some schmackos on behalf of reddit
Love him unconditionally, no matter how naughty he might get. Praise him for what he does right, and try and ignore what he does wrong. Set him up for success whenever possible and never yell or hit him, you'll only confuse and scare him. All he understands is love, so try and teach him through what he understands. Oh yeah--food! He understands that pretty well too. He's so fucking cute, I can't stand it.
A future comedian
I think you’re steering wheel is on the wrong side.. 
Congratulations on getting a soft toy.
Doggin around at the speed of sound! 
"Hi Reddit! This is my hooman"
Dang, he's cute.
I hope you named him Noctis because his silhouette looks like Noctis from FF15!
I got a puppy two days ago
He's excited because he's grabbing your balls.
How does everyone gets such great pictures? My dog never looks into the camera!
Are you my mom? Huh, I didn't know my Mom had a beard. Because she got a puppy that looks almost exactly like yours. Congrats on the pup!
So cute
What's his bloody fuzzy cute lil name dammit!?
Are you in the army
Looks like Australia or NZ?
He is like overflowing with joy
That’s a happy pup. Sometimes I think I am a misanthrope but then I remember that humans at some point realized that they needed some new friends and said “hey wolves want to be friends?” nd then the wolves basically said “ya ok” and we’ve been inseparable ever since. 
Looks like a Buddy cop movie
Have fun cleaning up poop!  💩
Looks like a little monster. Only peaceful when sleeping.

Anime eyes
Black labs = best labs 
Precious!!! Have fun and have patience!
It’s real fun for a couple days. Then you realize what you got yourself into
His name better be Toothless the dragon 
OMFG
I cut the brakes! WILD CARD BITCHEEEEES
I don't care. I'm so happy!
Hey look it's a thing! Hey look it's another thing! Oh look at that thing!

Love early pup curiosity lol
He's adorable!
That’s the face of “imma get me a bite out of that phone”
I saw this out of the corner of my eye and it looked just like a frame from a particularly well drawn/colored anime.
I can virtually smell his little puppy breath!
You’re in for it man 
"FUCK YEAH, WE'RE THE CAR GUYS" - New pupper probably.
YES!
As a owner of a black lab mix you got 5 years until they even begin to stop being energetic. 

Buy antlers over bones and give that good boy a lot of tennis balls 
Congrats! You even got the 'Green Shirt' breed! May you and your new Green Shirted Frisbee Thrower have a long, happy life together. 
Super cute puppy! Congrats to you and your lifelong friend
Does anyone else notice the paw on his crotch
It’s broken, take it back, get a new one
He just stole  my heart sir!! 
He scream 
“Ay babay!”
Cuuuuuuute
How’d you get your glove box to take a picture of you two?
One happy chap! 
Omfg 
Looks like he's just as happy as you are! 
Get him a big dog it’ll be so much nicer for him
That dog is super happy to have picked up a human. Good for him.
Awww sweet puppy !!!💕
CUTE OVERLOAD
This is my human thing !
So cute
H A P P Y B O Y E

Was he/she/it making noises or is that happy pants?
it's so cute and i want to have same one😹
Geeking hardcore!!! Lol 💟💞❣️
He is adorable 😍😍😍
I wouldn't say little guy. He has a grown beard.
Please more pictures
Sfs

That is one happy little guy right there. 
STAHP
Omg squeeeeee so happy doge
Can I have him?
Please give this pup full of joy all the love in the world. His precious face deserves it! 
I'm curious how many takes you did before getting this fantastic shot. 🤔
His eyes my god 
Definitely not camera shy. Happy pup.
Oh my Gosh, you are in for a wild and wonderful ride! Too adorable for words!

very cute! i hope by "got" you mean adopted from a shelter? that would make this a 10/10 post
Awww
He's so happy!
Well I know what you fell in love with..
Adventures!
Look at my page for tweaker stories
He looks like the dragon from "how to train your dragon" 
Happy gotcha day! 
Awww he looks like a muppet!
Question, who’s taking the selfie
“OMG I HAVE BEEN ADOPTED!!!”
Reminds me of my boy Durango (also a black lab). June will be a year since we put him down. He was 13.5 years old. I miss him every day.
Oh wow, the pupper looked like an anime character wearing a black hoodie to me the left part of the tongue looks like an eye.

  


Anyway, have fun with your little buddy op!
He’s growing up to become insanity wolf
Deadass thought it was animated 
Reminds me of toothless 
[congrats on your pupper, here is my pupper](https://i.imgur.com/Sd6aN6w.jpg)
Can I have your home address I just want to meet your dog I swear

Way to rub it in
He’s not happy enuf. Better return him for a happier one
Awwwww
“Got this big guy yesterday” - r/dog
He looks happy about it, too!
Oh my god, his little paw😭❤️
I'm sorry but your human isn't going to get any bigger. Don't worry, they train very easily. - Ace
Why are you driving on the wrong side of the car? 
Looks like a Charcoal to me
HE'S SO HAPPY AND I LOVE IT
Toothless!
You are lucky!! 
He looks so happy!
This picture just made my day! That’s a happy doggo! 
Are you driving a plane with a steering wheel? Cuz he looks that excited
Black Lab? So cute
I hope you guys have a long awesome relationship!! 
DAD WHAT IS THAT!!!!
I admire you that you have a best friend of human. Please treat him friendly and gently.
AAAAWWE!!!! Happy puppy!! That's awesome!
Don't eat him
haha awww
A heckin unit 
What a cute guy,and I like it.In the future ,I will keep a dog as my friend as you.
How freaking cute 👍 
Very cute puppy.
[did u read this ](https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/8adxxy/best_movie_quote/?st=JFOPQF8M&sh=d4abb96c) 
Excited for the adventures he knows is coming. 
Oh my god! That FACE!!! 
Look at the doggos eyes the doggo be high!
Pure bred lab am I right? Did you really adopt him like everyone is assuming?
Congratulations 
protip, keep em entertained or he/she will crew up the legs of your furniture! 
Is he pure black lab? If not, I have a female that we got six months ago that could give you an idea of what he might look like with that fluffy hair on his ears. 
Omg so cute
He is nuts about you already! 🐾♥️♥️🐾
Man, that is one happy pup.
I literally just made the exact same face as the dog as soon as I saw him. Aww, I love him. <3
He’s so happy to be got
Happy puppy.  Super cute 
Looks the same as ours from a year ago, happy to be going in the car for a ride and cannot wait to get home, they grow quick enjoy them while you can and if anyone knows how to stop them digging up new plants please help.
Awwww, he knows he’s going to a good home.
D'aww baby 😙🐶
Someone should start a r/photoshopbattles of that goodboye
Are you assuming its gender
What a bundle sunshine!
Thats one happy looking puppy!
Omg I thought it was a little white kid wearing a black hoodie!
That dog is excellent! Congrats
Wowww! So jealous. You just get to play with your little bud the entire weekend and beyond. I wish my weekend plans were to just become best friends with my new puppy. 
The pup looks like he is taking his own selfie with his new owner
I really wish people would stop texting/recording/taking a picture/whatthefuckever while driving. You're not as good as a driver as you think you are. If you hit my car I'm going to haunt the shit outta you.
So much enjoyment and love ahead
:D
Oh MY GOD
Your pupper is cute and your steering wheel is on the wrong side 
All I can imagine in his head is "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA"
He's all mouth, feet and waggy waggy tail. 
He’s sooo cute what’s his name?
I can smell the puppy breath from here
That's the "I can't wait to get home and start chewing on your new shoes" look. 
God I love the first couple weeks with a new pup. Car rides are so fun with then cheesing the whole time!
He looks happy that's all that matters 
I am in love with your pup.
Went from so cute to BFE
That is officially the happiest thing I've ever seen. Good luck, both of you 
Puppy: Hey! Look! There's a camera in here. Smile! 
That is one excited pupper.
you are gonna be best friends!
beautiful baby you got there :) I love my black lab, he is my child :D I don't have any kids, just my dog and me hehe. You are gonna have a great time!
Awww. Made my day😊🐶
Yesterdog
“Woah!” 

-Dog, probably
The start of the best relationship you'll ever find 👍

Dog looks like a cartoon
New best friends!
:D
AAAHHHHHHHH!!!! 
Omg what a sweet, happy little face!!! ❤️
Yayyyyyyy this little guy is so excited 
From a shelter?
Back of the bus
So pawsome! He's  A-dog-a-ble !!!😍
Very photogenic and so cute💕
Take a ton of pics of your new pal. I wish I had.  
That's an excellent human companion you have chosen!
For a small additional fee, they come trained to take selfies!
aww
I just love that his paws are spread eagle
Toothless will be a good name going by this pic
His FACEEEE 
That's kissing material!  So cute!
Black labs>any other dog
Dogs are personification of pure love and happiness. Good boyes.
RIP all your stuff
Baby puppy dog.  😍😍😍
I'm jealous I want to steal it
YOmp
OH GOD, TOO CUTE!!!
Give him a cuddle and rub his neck for me please.
Oh my god he's so happy 
Derpy Labradork confirmed, good dogs.
What I hear upon seeing this picture

*ehem*

#**[AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=R7pCPEeszRs&index=133&list=LLa9hKUlBzmPCv0TE6fpoDLA)**
:D
Awe, how Precious!
I thought that was a little anime girl you kidnapped
Bro you photobombed that pupper's selfie, goddamn animal
 I’m pretty sure that HE got YOU. 

So adorable. 
He's holding you down with that law so you can't get away. Little guy has decided to keep you. 
Get ready for the holes! 
Help...my heart is now a puddle on the floor
Here’s to many adventures 
So cute love it
Teach him/her love and enjoy. 
He looks on fire for life.
Awww! Happy puppers!! 
He's very glad you did!
IT LOOKS SO HAPPY
He excite!!!
Look like Shang sung from mortal kombat

"Your soul is mine!!!"

*Vaccum sound*
awwwwwww
Lil pupper yapper
My wife took our 10 month black lab to the vet three days ago, and as she waited to be attended, some little dogs were barking at our dog. Once they were gone, a lady approached my wife and softly said "they barked at your dog because he's black".
I thought I saw an anime character with big doggie hat
I’m gonna need more pictures 
By the looks of it, he’s got you!
Congratulations on your new hooman
Alternatively: "#Selfie"
Such a happy face
Look, I don’t want to scare you or anything but your steering wheel is clearly on the wrong side of the car. I would suggest pulling over post haste and seeking service at your local trustworthy mechanic. 
Handsome ^ _ ^
God damn! Please do keep posting more pictures of this little guy!! <3
That is one happy doggo
What breed is the little guy ? 

I love him 
!!!!
He seems so happy that he gets to spend his life with you! Have a good time together! 
how old?
Who's holding the camera? You or the pupper?
That face speaks of the good times to come, congrats on your new puppy!
Friends for life!
As what a cutie!
Looks like a mid yawn picture! My Husky Flynny yawns so frequently that Im fairly certain he uses it as a type of communication.
He looks like a Pokemon..! 
He is so happy!!
This is really Nice ! I love cat . I love you . Thanks for meet you .
Are you driving?
If this doesn’t get a 100k upvotes we riot
Top 10 All Time /aww :) congrats
That smile says it all :)
What's his bloody fuzzy cute lil name dammit!?
He's a good driver, too
AAAAHHHHHHHHH
Looks like a faceless anime boy wearing a black hoodie.
 Cutest puppy ever!!!
Update photo ? 
[deleted]
I feel like that is a good way to commit puppy murder. Pay attention to the damn road...youngsters these days. Smdh
It’s the only time in life you get to purchase your best friend. Congrats. 
He's going to be fun
"Your arm pit stinks, but I love you"
I really like your new dog!
Is it weird to save pictures of other people's pets on Reddit to look at later? I'm asking for a friend.
From a shelter hopefully... Fuck puppy mills.
He looks overwhelmed with happiness!! Fun years ahead!!!
He's already so in love with you 
“There a pupper on the thing in your paw, hooman!!! 😱”
Super-cute, congrats to you both!!! 😊
Aww! Happy little guy and big guy!
He also got you! Much love to you both! 
You don't happen to live in Glasgow do you? We just saw a couple put a puppy in the car just like him yesterday!
I think he likes you already.
He is so stinking cute 
Heckin adorable Doggo 
A little paw to pecker action as you drive.  
One happy boi.
You sir, are winning at being Homo sapiens sapiens. Bravo. 
Pup looks like a cartoon
this little guy is cute

 he seems to approve of you
It looks so funny! Congrats :) 
Super cute!
Treat your new puppy with love and he will love and protect you more than most humans would. 
Aw, cute human!
That good boy can't contain himself. He's so happy to be adopted. 
Great picture!🐶
That is one handsome pup.
Man I envy that level of excitement.
Sweet!!! He is so happy!
I love dogs!
That is one happy pupper.
All the feels!!!
Made cute 
Looks to me like he got you.. 
Good boy indeed. Boop the snoot!!
Nice pup.
No one is gonna ask how this good boye took the picture??
What a good boi 😍😍😍
WHAT A CUTIE
H A P P  Y A P P
He’s happy as shit 
Stinker
That little guy is excited
Cute pupper is cute
THE BEST BOI
A new best friend. best of luck!
i LOVE him
I love home already
i'm guessing he's panting because he's warm and that isn't a giant cartoonish smile on his face
He looks so happy, I bet you are too :)
What a beautiful joyous pup!
Please don’t take pix and drive for goodness sake. You could’ve killed someone
Bad pic
Put that thing in a carrier for fucks sake. He won't be so cute with a crushed skull.
So cute and sweet!  Get him vaccinated Op.
Why’d you put him in a green shirt?
I like his shirt.
Why did i think it was a car from the thumb nail.
Dog looks like one...big...jerk ;)  Congrats, still waiting to pull the doggo trigger myself.
fuck dogs
here's my number, so call me maybe...
Dog smashes through windshield in lets say 1-3 years, if you dont stop being this careless. A dog doesnt deserve this
I want y’all to sit on my face
