Dude! Much respect man. Going to college after the prime "college age" is so difficult, I'm glad you've got some great family supporting you! 
My grandma used to send me cards with just random thoughts and to "say hi". I miss that lady.
What are you going back for?
Start sending her ones back if you don't already. 
Grandmas are amazing. I got one grandparent left, she’s 94 and pretty spry for her age. I’m hoping we get many more years with her 
Aaaand I'm crying. Give her extra hugs!!!
I too am in college in my 30s and finally in junior year, have been going since 2014. Always reassuring to see others doing the same thing!
Can we share tour grandma! I am also 30 and in college. Any other prerequisites required? I have children who could make her handmade cards every holiday. 

Seriously, this just made me cry.... it’s been a long semester. Your grandma is awesome. Xo 
In my 30's and started college last January.  My grandmother passed from leukemia 3 weeks before I started my first class.  Cherish these moments 
Is your grandma taking grandchild applications?
Okay but for real, what does the inside of the talking hamster card say...??? 
This makes me want to hug my grandma :)
This is so awesome. 38 here and I just decided I’m going back too! 
You can do it! My husband graduated last year, right before his 35th birthday. Also, that dinosaur card is awesome! 
That is so sweet. My grandma used to send me cards and emails all the time. This post makes me miss her but also smile remembering how thoughtful she was. Appreciate her while you have her, save those cards, and don't forget to send a card to her sometimes! 
Heh, the top right one is actually a funny card way saying 'I miss you'.

I want that card.
I'm in college at 31, started at 26 post military. My mom got her BSN at 56, after being a nurse for 30 years. Stay motivated. I would not have been able to do it as a teen/early 20's. 
I can feel the love radiating through the cards. Cherish your grandma! I never knew either of mine. 
I hope you dont feel too alone, I know theres a lot of people that go to my College that are in their 30s, 40s, or even their 50s.

Lots of people might think they cant go to college anymore because their "too old", so props to you for going after it man!
relatable. Just right before i turned 30 i decided to go back. Its tough. I was depressed. And didnt know what i wanted to do with my life. And still kinda dont. But i gotta do something with my life. i dont work alot. But thats the sacrifice to do school. If i could go back in time id tell my 20 year old self to go into the trades to do carpentry or culinary school. Im interested in building and renovating houses and fixing things in general. and i also have a great passion for food. Thats something i want to do, not boring accounting that im stuck in now. Oh man I screwed up my life.
I wish my grandma is still alive. I miss her a lot.
Do they each have $10 in them? That's what I needed in college.
Congrats OP. So proud of you and i don’t even know you.  You will be so proud of yourself after this.  I have no family here just friends and I did the same thing. At 33 I quit a steady job and went back to get my BA. I don’t care what ppl say about college but I have never been more proud and complete after I graduated.  Stay the course.  Have fun.  Best of luck.  
What an awesome grandma! 
I think the bigger accomplishment here is that you’re in your 30s and your Grandma is still going
Can she be my grandma too?


i wish i have someone like that in my life
Your grandma is a gem. What a sweetheart.
Hey dude! Your grandma seems kickass.

I just started my college education after 4 years of being in the military, so I feel a little late to the party as well. I see that you replied to a top comment about being an engineering degree? What made you decide to do engineering? How are you enjoying it so far? 

I ask because I recently started thinking about how much more beneficial it could be for me to get a degree in something that is not only difficult, but incredibly rewarding as well. The only problem was 7 years ago when I was a little shit in HS, I didn't care much for learning math or science. I'm very behind, and for years I've had this extremely negative internal thought screaming "You're bad a math, you're bad a science. Don't pursue anything relating to the two". I really want to believe that I'm capable of being one of those people that can handle math and science, and that it's not a "type of person" but more so how much you care and the dedication you're willing to put forward. What are your thoughts? I hope you see this. Thanks! Good luck and have fun
i went back at 29, so 1 semester in im 30, and my grandmas dead, just like my dreams of youth and a fulfilling career i love
This post made me sad.

We just held my Grandma's memorial on Saturday.
Three cheers for grandma!!! And for you too!!! 
That hamster card rules. 
Dude, your grandma is awesome... is she accepting applications for grandchildren?? 

but in all seriousness that is awesome. 
I already have a 4-year degree, but at age 32, I recently re-enrolled at a JUCO to work toward an associate's/certificate program. Still feels odd being about a decade older than a lot of my classmates, but it's comforting reading through this thread and knowing that I'm not the only one in this boat. Your grandma is awesome. Best of wishes on your studies!
This is so sweet it hurts me on a level I don’t understand. It makes me want to call my Grandma right now and tell her how great she is. Better yet, I’ll go see her in person to tell her that. @@
Doing the same thing man. Wish my Grandma was around to see it. Loved her, let your grandma know that you love her while shes still able to hear it.
Your grandma is an absolute cutie! What a lovely, wholesome thing to do.

Good luck on the studies, I'm 35 and starting a dental degree this year and feeling excited/apprehensive/old all at the same time. 
You're going to make me cry! This is so beautiful. Enjoy your granny, they're a gift from God. 
Wow. Great Grandma
Awwww so kind. Grandmas rock.
This made me tear up. What a wonderful thing grandmothers are. I lost both mine halfway through college and but they were so supportive always and I saved a few cards from each of them. I hate myself for not appreciating them in my teenage years and I would make excuses not to go visit them, but at least I turned my attitude around/ got sober in college and got to spend those last year with them.

Give your gran a hug for me!
I love your grandma! That's so sweet! Grandmas are a special bunch! 
I need a grandma. Let's share!
I wish I had that type of support from my grandfather. I moved 13 hours away to go to school in the field of paleontology. He kept asking why I was leaving him. Well I went to visit him this past December and he said," it was nice you could visit me before I died." I lost it after I left his house. 
You love those cards don’t you!
Even though I don't know you, I'm proud of you! #teamgrandma
I studied biomedical engineering. Now I am in a medical device market. Learning all about the devices and surgical procedures, and having a very solid foundation in human biology, I started to wish I went to medical school when I was younger. Now with a kid and what not it seams only a dream. Good luck!
this is really cute,
your granny rocks !
As a grandmas boy this warms my heart.
I’m with you ... started on a new career path at 39 that has me currently back in school too. I’m just finishing two years a JC, was accepted to CSU and will be starting there this fall. I’ve got two more years to go, but I’ll finish with a AAS in Criminal Justice and a BS in Human Dimensions of Natural Resources. I have to say though, I’m a much better student the second time around. Keep up the good work man!
Great job. I went back at 25 and it was super difficult, mad respect to you! 
Hey that is amazing, there is surely no age for learning, I have recently switched my field. All we need is support from our surroundings, and strong will to learn :) 
Very lucky to have yours at 30+ I hope you cherish her everyday!
Woah!! what an amazing grandmother! 

What I learn from my experiences is you have to make time to spend with your grandmother. 

Life’s too short, enjoy them while they are still around. 

God bless =]
[deleted]
Feels. 
I love that you appreciate this!!!

Tucked beside the quilt she made, I have a self addressed, stamped postcard from my nana with a note, asking me to write her. I miss her so much, and I wish I could go back in time and kick my eight year old self to have taken just a moment to do so. 

Now my mother is the one who writes, she makes sure every grandkid - even my step kids -  gets a card on birthdays and holidays.

This year my resolution is to be the one to write. Thanks for reminding me of how important it is!
I want to send your grandma cards now!
This is so sweet! My grandma was a huge support to me in college too, yay for awesome grandmas! 
Amazing. You got this! 💪 
Hey, I'm doing the same thing. Feels kinda weird, eh? I'm still glad I'm doing it.
Can I borrow your grandma? All my grandparents are dead. :c
I just registered to go back to college in my 30's as well! Good luck! 
I wish my grandma was cool like this. 

Instead, she’s dead. 

Good luck with college!
Your Grandma is amazing. If everyone got a fraction of that love and support the world would be a better place. Good luck with your studies and cherish your grandma. Ask her questions about her life while you can. Our grandparents have some amazing stories to tell if we’d only take the time to ask and make the time to listen 
I'm 25 and my wife just found out she's pregnant. Now every week my grandmother sends us $20-30 worth of snacks and coffee to "Help with the sleep we're about to lose"

Aren't grandmothers the best? 
Super sweet to have a gift giving grandma while in your 30s.
What are you studying?
Cherish it, my grandma never got to see my college years, she died when I was 10. Enjoy and work hard in school, too! 
Awww love gramma!! You're so lucky💜
What an awesome grandma! Tell her thanks from an internet friend. Seeing this is very encouraging being that I'm 28 and got back into school last fall. Keep working hard and good luck, it will be worth it in the end!
Holy cow. This is the sweetest thing ever.  Do you get excited around week four knowing that you'll get one soon?
This is sincerely heartwarming. I'm also 30s and often think about going back to school but as a mom to young kids it just isn't possible at this time. Nothing but enormous respect and best wishes for you dude! You're inspiring and your grandma is adorable. God bless you both!
Awwww this post reminds me of my grandma. She always dotes on us her grandchildren and would constantly brag about us to her friends in her senior citizen's club. She is 94 years old now and already has dementia due to her having Parkinsons :\(. I'll hug her when we visit our hometown.
Treasure her! 😭❤️
My mom sent me the card in the upper right one time
What's with all the hubbub, Puff?
Ok I love your grandma. You are one lucky dude.
Man, I do the same to my grandma after moving away from her ,hits home too hard
The bottom left card is the same one my (now) husband gave me after nearly a year of dating to tell me he loved me for the first time. I still have it in my drawer. Nani sure sounds like a wonderful lady!
Congrats!

I would buy the 'you rock' doggo one for 
mahself cuz its so cute!
Adult students are my favorite I teach cellular and molecular and developmental biology and the older students are more respectful and focused! 
I went back to college at 32 to try for medical school. I already had a BS but my grades were nowhere near good enough  (2.3 gpa) since I had not really studied much 14 years before. After I had grown up and applied myself I was able to do so much better that I got into med school and have been a physician now for many years! Don’t let anybody tell you ( not even yourself) that you are past your prime at 32.
Hey. You cam do it! I'm 39 years old and I just graduated from college thanks past December 2017. I had a son when I was in my early 20s that his mom bailed on us because she wasn't ready to be a mom once she saw how much work it was going to be. I went as much as I could and I worked full time but I finally did it. You just have to keep telling yourself that is never too late because you have to live those years no matter what. Do you want to look back 2 or 4 years later and say you did it? Or would you rather look back and go I'm 4 years older and I would be done if I had stuck with it? You can do it. 
I started my second college attempt at 30. I decided IT was a bad career choice after over a decade in it. Graduated in 2014 with my BSc in chemistry and I’m an analytical chemist now.

Best decision of my life.

Hang in there! You can do it!
I miss having a grandma:( 

Don't take her for granted ever
Hope you are writing back. I wish I did.
That's cute as fuck. 
So very special! 
That’s incredibly sweet. I hope you send her mail every once in a while as well.
Going to uni for the first time ever at 34! There's dozens of us! DOZENS!!!! Good luck mate.
You act like that’s old....
Grandmas are sweethearts. 
As a single mom in her mid 30's, I am slightly jealous. I started college last year, part time at my local community college. I love seeing when family is so supportive. Kudos to you, hope your semester is going well and you continue to do well!
I’m right there with you.  36 and pursuing an engineering degree.
Here's ^5 for support! I went to college 38yo and finished my M.Sc. C.S. 5 years later. You can do it. 100% sure! And have lots of fun doing it! :D
Great choice man!  Stay with it.

I went back when I was 30 as well and I'm now graduated with a 70k salary and in a few years I'm projected to break the 100k club.

It was the best financial choice I've ever made.
hey me too man, going on 34th and first year of BBA done.
Is there a guide for going back.  Id like to but its so daunting.  Much easier when i was in hs and i just did what everyone else was doing.
See I'm 30 also finishing my bachelors in sports medicine (hopefully continuing from there)

I honestly think if I were to have gone to college at the "prime college age" I would have failed and cost myself or my family a lot of money

So I am glad I didn't go until now, granted some of my family didn't support me when I started like my father who said "your time to have gone to college has passed"

In which neither of my parents even had the notion of sending me to college, I joined the military got out worked hard found out the hard way that just hard work isn't going to cut it

Hell yeah man, keep on doing your thing
I'm not in my 30s yet, but I'm past the "normal" college age range and I'm really self-conscious about it (especially because the 18-22 students tend to assume I'm younger than I am because I have a babyface, so when my actual age comes up I get embarrassed) Seeing so many responses in this thread makes me feel so much less alone as a non-traditional student.
My dad went back to college in his late 30's. When my buddies and I were into Ninja Turtles, he was taking his required art history course, so he was a little confused the first time he heard us talking about Leonardo, Michelangelo, etc. 

By the time I got to high school, he was a teacher there. Retired a few years ago after 30+ and hundreds if not thousands of students. He can't go anywhere in our fairly large town without seeing a former student. They always come up to him to say hello.

It was certainly worth it to my dad. I hope it is for you as well. Good luck, and work hard!


You are an inspiration! My wife wants to go back but feels self conscious about it. I'll be sharing this with her.
You go, you. I just turned 36 and am on track to finally finish my BS this coming December. 
Fuck, this is precious. 

Faaaaack. 

It hurts. 
As a postal employee, your grandmother is the real Most Valuable Player.  Fo shizzle.
Fuckin love grandmas. 
Grandmas are the greatest.
It takes real courage to do what you’re doing...and the belief in yourself. 

I know it’s hard (my son is doing what you are and I see how tired he is, with college and a job). But it’s absolutely the best and most hopeful thing to do - especially with love and support. You rock and so does your Gram! 

This is all pretty inspirational...I think it’s great that you shared it. :-)
Omg! How cute! 💕 Bless her! 
What does the inside of the card about the hamster on the ferris wheel say?

Also congrats! I teach college and really respect those who have come back after any long - ish absence. Good luck, and don't be afraid to ask all the questions. Your younger counterparts are often either too scared to ask them or have their attention somewhere else during class. I've found that "non traditional" students often feel that they need to make excuses for not knowing something or not catching on more quickly. In my experience they are usually thinking more deeply about the lesson and have insightful questions the rest of the class could benefit from hearing. 
This totally made my day. I don't have much of a support system since both mom and grandmother died before I entered grad school in my early 30s and it's been rough. You are very lucky and like I said before, it makes a huge difference on your success
Your grandma is awesome, you aren't too shabby yourself.
Grandma's are awesome! I know cuz i am one!😊
Especially in difficult periods such as this, it is vital to have family anchors in your life. Good for you, and for granny.
You are loved, and you'll do great :). I've seen people who were in their 30s in my computer science classes and admired their work ethic. Time management and discipline is something only learned in time and experience :).
You got this
i went back to school in my 40’s and all I got was more
bills😬😫🤪
You got this! :)
You're her little puppy :o
Nobody loves you quite like your grandma.
Making me miss my grandmothers. 

Appreciate her while you can. (Not to say you're not, but it's always a good thing to get a reminder)
I love your grandma
That Hamster card is so random. Love it!
My grandpa died last year and I didn't spend enough time with him, so ever since then I've built a really close relationship with my grandma. She sends me dog videos everyday that don't interest me at all, but I watch them all and tell her how much I love her.
I miss my grandma 😢 she’d always send me birthday cards
Ditto!

Your grandma: she's doing life right
Is going to college later in life *really* that uncommon in the U.S? In Australia it is incredibly common, probably ¼ of my undergrad classes were mature age, postgraduate courses were ever higher %.
28 year-old undergrad here, going back after a major medical accident. It's going to all be worth it and every day gets a little bit easier. 
I just wish I had a grandma still alive to support me. Don’t get me wrong, I have support. 

But there’s nothing like a mother’s mother to tell you that she believes in you and hopes you succeed. 

I miss my grandmas, but I know they did their absolute best for me. I love you and wish I had a better understanding of your position. Love you gramma 
You still have a grandma in your thirties? That's amazing! 

Also, she sounds awesome!
I’m only in my twenties but I took a few years off before going back to school. It’s hard, even though I’m not that much older than the youngest students I still feel so behind because of the time I took off. There are so many days I feel like giving up but I promised myself I would finish. I don’t think I would have made it this far if it weren’t for my family. They have been so supportive even when I am tired and stressed and cranky. 
Your grandmother rocks! Rock on. 
OP...you damn well better be calling her too, every month.  Grandma's don't last forever.  I just flew home to surprise my Grandpa for his birthday.  Why...because sadly, Grandpas (and Grandmas) don't last forever.
[removed]
29 year old hoping to get her shit together soon and go back to college. You give me hope. Good luck OP!
Your grandma sounds like an absolute gem
Ughhh that’s so sweet. I can’t take it.
 I love grandmas :’)
You probably won’t see this comment but I just wanted to say that I am proud of you. I really am. This is something that I’ve thought about doing but haven’t.
Congratulations! You can do it. You’re brain is fine, lol. You’re probably just a bit tired from working while while trying to maintain your GPA. You can do this! I went back to college at 37 and now am 44 and a registered nurse. There were several men and women around my age in nursing school and generally tended to do better because we really want to be there.  Some kids at 20, 21 are there because their parents force them . I graduated with high honors! Now I’m going back for my masters... new adventure on the horizon. Believe me, if I can do it, anyone can. You’ve got this!! 
Your grandma is adorable and is so encouraging!  Love it!  I am soon to be 33 and studying accounting.  I am halfway through my associates and then will be on to my bachelors.  Long, expensive road ahead but it will hopefully all be worth it.  Doing the slow and steady method where I take two classes a semester and take a summer course or two.  I went to college right out of high school and screwed around.  Was more worried about flirting and partying than school.  Now I am focused on actually doing well and have a 3.96 GPA and my head on straight.  Some of us are just late bloomers, and that’s OK.  You’re awesome! 
This made me cry. My grandma who passed away last month was always super supportive of my education, despite never having learned to read. She always told me I reminded her of my grandpa who passed away when I was just born. He was the only one of my grandparents to do any school and loved reading. He'd read books and newspapers to her, and I did the same when I visited her. 
Your grandma rocks!!
Best Grandma ever!
Well done! I've just been accepted in to University at 25 and it's pretty daunting.
My grandma still asks me „how is school going?“
5 years into studying...
Adorable 
Now THAT is a grandma!
Your grandma is the best!

I went back to college at 24 and I could feel the age difference. I looked really young for my age but I would face palm so much when 18 year olds would try to be cool to me.
Oh this made my whole morning. I love it. She is so special ❤️

Good luck with college, friend!!! It’s quite challenging, especially engineering, you you can pull it off! It’s worth it.
I kept all my cards my grandmother sent me in college, I always wanted to show her how much I cared by showing her all my cards but she passed before I could do it and of course I procrastinated. Point being, go hug and kiss your grandma for me please.
I went back in my 30s part time, just graduated in December after over 8 years. Totally worth it and I did better academically than I would have in my 20s. Not matter what it’s hard but if you’re dedicated & motivated you’ll get through it! Good luck & best wishes. You have an awesome grandma!!’
I started a little earlier than you at 25, but still older than most. Hands down best descision ever made. I was working at a Wendy's as a shift supervisor, ~22k. Saw my first check and thought, I need more than this. I'm now working as an intern making 49k, and was already given an offer to start at 80k come graduation. I'm graduating with a BA in electrical engineering technology.
Respect! I'm doing the same thing, turning 32 in a month en started my study Information Technology in februari.

Keep up the good work, hard work pays off in the end! 
Nice man.  I decided after active duty, I'd get my degree. I realized then I could never live on campus as being near the students in class was bad enough. I missed that boat. I have nothing in common with them. Made me feel old. 
I love your grandma 
You’re lucky to have such an awesome grandma. 

Also - she has great taste in greeting cards!
Wow. I wish I had this kind of support. 
She really wants you to stay in college...

Congrats on going back! Very motivational 
Awww... lovely grandma!!! You rock!!! Keep it up, it is never too late to start something new and turn your life around <3
Congratulations, Good Luck, and to your Grandma; "You are the best Grandma that all grandmas aspire to be!"
Way to go, OP. It’s never too late. I used to have classes with people ten plus years older than me and wonder why on earth they would come back. Then I graduated and got a job and realized how easy it is to think “maybe this isn’t for me”. Likely because we are taught to rush in to school and pick a major when we are 17-18 years old. Think of it this way. Even if you don’t finish until you’re forty you’ll have 25-30 years of working after that. Well worth the time, and investment. Keep at it! Also it’s great that you’re family is so supportive. I hope you’re sending your grandma thank you cards and/or calling her once in a while 😀
I just turned 30 and I'm in my 3rd semester of nursing school. Much harder than I expected. I thought I was so smart I could cake walk through this. Now all I do is study and work. I'm starting to become depressed. 
Every single day, my grandma is getting older. I cant imagine one day she will leave me in this world. So I secretly record her voice whenever she calls me. That sounds crazy but I love her so much..
I wish I had a grandma 
That's amazing!  Not everyone has a family that will support them.  You give that grandma all the hugs and kisses she can stand!
Is your grandma accepting grandchild applications at this time? 
If you do just one thing today, take the time to buy her a postcard and send her something back, let her know she's appreciated and loved.

I miss my grandma like crazy and would do silly things to get just one more card off her.
Granny I'd like to have
College?  I didn't go to college. I don't know anybody who did. Bunch of hippies and cesspool salesmen, hahahaha...
At 31 I'm heavily considering finishing college. I hate my job to my core. Good to know it can be done.
I never had a grandma. Wish I did :(
I've been debating this too.  What made you want to go back and then stick with it?
I started law school when I was 32. It had been almost ten years since I had to sit in a classroom and produce at a college level. Had to tell my friends that because I had to study and work full time that I was going to have to see Little of them during this process; they were great. They threw me a “good-bye” party and were very understanding, When I graduated they threw me a “welcome back” party. They were great. That was almost 25 years ago and going back to school in my 30s was the best thing I have could have done. Good luck. 
Grandma's are the best. I really miss mine.
So awesome. I never had grandparents so to me this means even more that someone in your family would do this for you...
I aspire to be the grandma you have one day 
Agree with the card - You Rock!
I'm back in college in my 30's and this brings a tear to my eyes. 
wish someone cared about me like that
I've still got copies of the letters my Grandma sent me when I was at University. Sometimes those letters were all that kept me going at times. 
When you graduate, make a collage of these with a high-quality reproduction of your diploma. Frame it nicely and give it to them, maybe with a caption on it somewhere like "Cause and Effect" - I guarantee they'll hang it on the wall and show literally everyone who walks into their home with the most pride, joy and love any one person can experience.
Best grandma ever!! 
Oh man, i wanna cry. Good luck in school!
My little 95 yo aunt who just died in February always sent me $5. And a ballon for my birthday ever since I was little.

I’m 52 now. The last 30 yrs or so I always spent the money on a Christmas tree ornament. 
I always showed her which decoration I bought w her money and it made her so happy.

This year I will decorate a tree all of her own in her memory.
Awesome Grandma! 

Most people don't realize that Non-traditional students really are the norm now days.  I work at a state college:

33% of students are under 25;   67% of students are 25 or older

According to NCES (National Center for Education Statistics):
74% of undergraduates for 2011–2012 were non-traditional students.  https://nces.ed.gov/pubs2015/2015025.pdf

[deleted]
This makes me miss my grandma.
Damn. You can probably slay so much 20 year old prime time. 
I went back to uni at 32 after failing school abysmally.  I was expelled at 15 after showing my nipple to a teacher. At uni I really enjoyed myself and consistently excelled at my studies. I even went on to gain a masters degree and now am a head teacher at a small alternative high school. As a former disengaged learner I am able to understand the motivation  behind some of the poor choices my students can make. 
Does it feel weird to go college in your 30’s?


Good for you. I’m in the same boat and it’s really hard on all aspects of life but we got this! Your grandma is awesome too haha
Did you move into the dorms?  Because you'd be a God among ants.
I'm back in college in my 30's but my grandparents are all dead.
That's amazing. I'm considering doing my doctor's now at 30, and my grandma tells me I've learned enough. 
From my experience, these were usually a vessel for a visa gift card or a $10/$20. I hope you had the same luck!
I see at least 2 in that pile that my granny has sent me.
From someone in their 30s who didn’t finish and regret it everyday. Get it done! Kick ass grandma.
OMG I know that prison card. 
Your grandma is freaking awesome. 
Good luck in school! 
Your grandma is so sweeeeeet :)
Man I miss my Mamaw. She did the same when I left for the US Military. 
Ugh thus is beautiful. I'm crying 
Dude you are the man!  Keep studying.  I hope I can one day return to school! 
I feel your Nani's love and she's not even my grandmother! My heart ♥️
I'm in the same boat! I'm back in college at 30 years old, working full time, got a family to raise and spend time with (time permitting)... It's definitely a struggle. Here's to our success, and to a brighter future! The struggle will all be worth it in the end!
She's really nice 🤗
wow i love your grandma
Your grandma is a total sweetie, and she's right, you got this! This is so cute it nearly made me cry on the bus! 
Treasure her. She sounds like a wonderful lady. 
That you rock card is amazing
HA old man!!! 

Totally kidding, the best students in my ME program are always the ones who decided to come back to school. Much more devotion and competition with them. Good on you. 
As someone who also does this with their Grandma but post-grad, I can say I deeply love this.
I love your grandma, and totally get her. There is nothing more satisfying then sending a “got you this” card in the mail to someone you truly care about.
Nice grandma~~
Your grandma is fucking amazing. You're one lucky grandson.  
  
Also, you should call your grandma every weekend.
I adore this post so much because I’m in the same boat. All my friends are well in their careers already and I’m just getting started with my college classes. Thanks sooo much for the motivation which i get so little. ❤️❤️❤️
I went back at 27 and it was tough! Props to your Nani for understanding and supporting you. This is really heartwarming. 
No one loves you like your grandma 
You are what i dare not to be, much respect man, you can do this.
Get it done buddy! I did the same thing and it difficult. People treat you differently when they know you’re are older. It’s also super annoying because the work ethic is night and day difference.
Best of luck to you!
The yellow one about the talking hamster is actually quite a good r/wholesomememes addition. 
Your grandmother is a treasure and so are you 
Who's cutting all them onions? 
this is so sweet i wanna cry
I really need to know what happens with the talking hamster  (bottom right)
Grandmas are quality people. Best of luck to you!
Ah! Sweet Grandma!! ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
I'm right there with you. I'm 32 doing a career change and currently in nursing school. Best of luck.
I’m with you man! 34 year old Freshman at community college here. I’m surprised at how much I enjoy it, but definitely very challenging. Hoping to have a bachelors and be on to my new career in a little over 3 years.
Sweetest thing 😍 I will definitely be your grandma with my grandkids one day 
Such a grandma thing to do
Please try to visit her as much as you can for us <3
So is she the one keeping the card shops open? 
Im gonna give my grandma a call tomorrow. Thank you
Good for you! 

And grandma seems like the most lovely, considerate, sweetest grandma to ever grandma. Bless her. 
I did the same from last month and also if everyone tries to support me, I feel old. 
*wipes the manly tears off my face* 

That's a late time to rack up student loan debt
Your grandma is an absolute gem. Treasure her forever!
Your Grandma is awesome!
This is too sweet!
I wish my grandma was still around 
No cluckin bell card?
I love your grandma!
Okay. So Where can I get this Grand ma? 
I wish I still had mine! I’m so jealous that you have someone like that in your life 
Keep them forever.
Your gran rocks.  I wish mine was still alive. She drank a lot, wore Homer Simpson dresses, smoked am entire cigarette without flicking the ash...oh, she also loved old school kung fu movies. 
Ah that's nice. Unfortunately all my grandparent were dead by the time I was 12.
That’s some ish I imagine my grandma would be doing if she was still here.  Awesome man enjoy it. 
Congratulations man! I am a chemical engineer, I finished my undergrad degree while in my mid twenties, I went to work and now I'm 32 and hopefully I'll be starting grad school this fall. A few days ago I started studying a little bit of thermodynamics a few days ago, to warm up a little bit, and although I cannot do all nighters easily anymore, I discovered that I am way less anxious and more methodical than my years back in undergrad school, and that is a huge positive difference, I am pretty sure you'll make it! You may get tired easier, but you're now able to hand pressure better than when you were on your twenties. Congratulations again!
Why am I crying in the club right now?!

Your grams is a beautiful soul!
This is so inspiring! It's beautiful! 

Your Grandmother is amazing!
You can definitely do this! I'm rooting for you!

Good luck!
 
Cheers!
I just started my degree back up after going on a break in '13. Just got into Oregon State myself! I'm 33 and have at least another 3 years before graduation. You're not alone! Well, maybe in the cards. I have good support from my wife luckily. I'm working two jobs, have a son and another on the way also. If I can do it you can! 
Started when I was 28. I'm currently 31. Also engineering. Its taking me longer but I plan to transfer by next year. Keep at it man. I failed physics the first time and thought my dreams of becoming an engineer were over. But next semester I passed. Don't give up man
Cc. VB c
as a fellow 32 yo who want to com back to school but posponing it for a couple of years, seeing all the comments about people doing so I feel more determined to make it happen, hope this year will be the good one
Damn, I wish I had your family. I went back to college at 28 and just heard how Im a slacker and wasting my time/life.
you better make sure you take an internship so you don't let her down after you graduate. 
27 here !
Literally "aww"ed
I think you might be very talented student at that time 
This is so awesome. You're one lucky fella/lady to have such support. Go get that education for you and for Gram Ma
That's almost two years' worth of cards there; it's just as special that you've kept them all.  I'm sure it's a nice feeling to take them out for a quick burst of inspiration (especially on tough days)!  Great job, keep it up, and make sure you get one in the mail to HER : )
My dude, 29 here and am on my first semester back after many years to pick up the remaining 50 or so credits. I took a class at the recommendation of my academic advisor to essentially learn how to be a good student, and I must say a lot of the material is geared towards people currently on probation but it is good stuff for returning students as well. See if your school has one if you need some extra help! My class is 2 credits and basically provides me a safe outlet to just vent my frustrations with academia, other students, personal life challenges, the whole 9 yards in a small room full of people who may or may not be in the same boat as you.
This just gave me more motivation man. Respect!! I started college at 22-23 out of my own free will. Little to no support from anyone. It was tough, but im almost done with my AA. Happy to see someone supporting you're decision!
This is precious. And I wanna know what the dinosaur in the top right card is saying
Man this is so sweet it hurts me. Do you send her an occasional thank you card with puppies on it? I hope so.
I can't decide if it is cuter that she sends them, or that you keep them :) 
you can do it! i'm 36, just finished my final today. for the last 1 year and a few months i have been taking 4 courses every semester and going to work full time . this was my last course and i will be getting a coupe certs from this. it was tough but i never wanted to give up. i feel ya, but i'm sure you can make it, and it will be for the better! :)
i was taking a data analytics program 
That’s great I know it’s hard to study while you are working at the same time because that’s what I’m doing right now too . It’s so cheerful that if you get your family supporting 
Congrats! I went back in my late 20’s and it was probably the hardest thing I’ve ever had to do, but without a doubt the best decision of my life. Good luck on your journey... You got this! 
Hopefully you send something back to her.
Congrats! I'm 32 and started Engineering last year myself.
The grandmas are the best:)
Now I miss my Nanna.  I still have a couple of letters she wrote me and a bible she gave me for Sunday School with an inscription inside the cover telling me she loved me.
I think that’s great man! One of my professors literally didn’t go to college until he was 34 and he is a nationally recognized anthropologist. 
Lucky!
I’m proud of you!!! Congratulations for taking a very big leap. I’ll be 30 next year and also planning to go back to college. I’m scared but I can’t give up now. 
That's awesome!! And even more respect for you that you actually saved her cards.  She's letting you know how much she lives and cares for you, and that she totally is proud and supportive of you.... Way to go Grandma she rocks!!
This is awesome, I'm thinking of doing the same so this is totally encouraging! Keep it up! 
Know the feeling age does affect the memory cogs for learning. I take multivitamins, eat kiwi and exercise helps.

Major win over the young kids is life experience, things are so much easier to navigate later on in life.
This warmed my heart - how sweet of her! 
That's nice. I went back at 27 and found it to be some of the best years of my life. I had moral support from my immediate family (no cards though) while there were others that doubted my choice, but that just made me more hungry for success. Also took a big career change when I graduated and never looked back. Go for it!
I'm in my 20's and the only thing i get is yelled on for not having time to skype my parents or the casual "Shouldn't have gone to college if you think it's so hard" :´c
It’s not the same but my 55 year old mom went back to college this semester. I’m so freakin proud of her and we talk about school almost daily. I’ve never seen her so stressed but I can also tell she’s having the time of her life. She’s even surprised herself!  
I think anyone can make education worthwhile, even if it’s just to enrich yourself on a completely personal manner. I’m rooting for you too!!
I just finished my masters degree at age 31. Honestly I was so overwhelmed but I couldn't have done it without the support of my family. Going back to school after your early 20s is incredibly challenging. Your grandma rocks!!! 
Yep, one cool grandma.  As one of the cards says, "You Rock!"
You’re welcome and thank you!!! 
I still have the last Birthday card my Gran ever sent me, the smell of her has long since faded from it but I don't think I will ever throw it away. Cherish them.
She’s very proud of you.
gggg
This hits me so hard. I'm in my 30s and have gone back to college but my supportive Nan isn't around and my other Nan wouldn't care anyway. You're Grandma is amazing!!!! ❤
My grandma is fairly sick right now and this just brought tears to my eyes (happy and sad) reminding me of all the amazing things she has done for me like this. Thanks and good luck on your endeavors study hard!
Good for you! 

Serious question - when I was at universtiy in the UK back in the 90's, somewhere between 1 in 10 and 1 in 20 of all my fellow students were in that age range or older ('mature students' they were called) - i.e. it was kind of normal. But from watching US film and TV shows I've got the impression that it's seen as odd or at least out of the ordinary over there. Is that fair?
I'm 26 years old with a million bills to pay. I would assume you do too. How'd you find the time and money to go back to school? I've been planning to go back to school but these bills aren't letting me. Maybe it's just an excuse.
The dog one with headphones on is by far my favourite
Right in the feels
I wish my grandmother wasn't a hyena 
College isn’t as easy as it seems!
Good luck!
I went back at 32 and ended with a BS in Physics and Math at 38. Keep fighting! It's harder when you're older and hopefully you have a better support structure that I had. 
#me too if you know what I mean!.
That's great. As  32 year old adult, compared to the 19 year old man children you'll be up against - you're going to smash your degree and probably get laid more than you ever have in your life before. Enjoy...!
Hell yeah bro!
Universal truth: Grandmas rock.
What did you decide to take?
Oh my goodness! I aspire to be someone’s encouraging Nani someday! Thanks for showing her off. 
Good for you man, College is hard. 
Nothing like Grandmas!!
my grandmother died when my father was like 7 years old. Dont know her, but she must love me
I'm 21 and going back to college after an initial try and "failure." Tell your grandma this was so encouraging for me and I'm thankful I got to see this. ❤ Much love. 
That’s the best grandma ever!!!! 
As 30 year old person just getting back into college myself I wish my grandma would send me cards for support every month. 
I need something like this but for basic everyday things like taking out the trash or getting out of bed before 2pm. 
That's an amazing grandma you got there! 
What do you do with cards? I always feel bad throwing them away. And I don't want to become a hoarder out of guilt.
You're so sosososososoooo lucky!!!!! Super proud of you as well, I can tell for sure she is!!!! PS: my favorite is the one with the two dinosaurs on the rocks watching Noah's Ark float away and one saying to the other with understandable alarm, "Oh crap! Was that TODAY?" LOL that's some freaking dark joke from Grandma!!!! She must be one cool lady and a real hoot!!!!  :-D Best of Luck to you in your endeavors!!!!!
You've got a great grandma!  Good luck and work hard!
Dude thats awesome. Good luck with your studies. Granny rocks :)
Wow, cherish that woman! And congrats on going back to school. I’m in my thirties and I think about it too but it’s so intimidating! 
That’s totally cool and awesome.., good luck and keep going..
So it seems like it’s time to send my grandma a card to randomly tell her I love her.
You seem to have a great grandmother
This is so nice. Good luck.
Congratulations! I’m 33 and will be finishing with a bachelors this year. I can’t wait, it’s been a long journey. However it is never too late! I’ll be doing a career change sometime after as well. Good luck with the rest of your studies. It’s definitely not easy working and going to school full time. 
I ♥️ this 
this's so warm.i can't celebrate my birthday in home .so every year grandma come to school celebrate with me❤,i miss her...
this's so warm.i can't celebrate my birthday in home .so every year grandma come to school celebrate with me❤,i miss her...
Wow, your Grandma is awesome! It must be so nice to look forward to her monthly card and see what humour she will bring to your day. I love the Talking Hamster card!!
All the best for your studies. It will be so worth it at the end! 
That’s love. Right there.
Aww I hope you call her from time to time.
I get that dog "you rock" card every year without fail
What an amazing Nana!
UPVOTE
In my 30's thinking about going to college for the first time. Don't have grandparents anymore though. Cherish them!
Awesome work mate,

Yet another 30year old who’s returned to university to do engineering.Holy crap, it’s so much harder than I thought it would be.

It definitely seems like we are all in this together now.


Makes me feel like a piece of shit. I’ll never be that good of a person. What an amazing nan!!!!!
That dinosaur card is very cute, and also quite saddening.
Your Granny is the best! Much love and appreciation goes out to her. Also, you’re a definite inspiration man (or gal). I dropped out in 2012 and finally in a position to consider attending college again. I’m both excited, and nervous. Seeing your post/story is motivating. Thank you!! :) 
That's amazing dude, good work 
That’s extremely cute.
I want your grandma
Good luck! 
Keep at it man! I gave up on college numerous times between 18-28 and I finally got my BA at the age of 29. Take a few classes here and there and shortly you’ll finish. 
$5 inside?
That’s really nice, I went back in my 40’s and don’t regret it one day. 
Both my grandmothers died before I even graduated high school :(
Cherish your grandma, at least she loves you and cares for you unlike mine.
Your grandmother is in an angel, you’re very lucky to have someone who shows her love and such support for your endeavours 
Oh man right there with you. Just turned 33 and taking differential equations dynamics and mechanics of materials all in one 15 credit semester is killing me. 
"you can do this, you can pay for my retirement" - grandma
My mom started going back to school at age of 55. She is couldn’t be any happier 
One phone call would've done the trick. There more you get, the more meaningless they become.
It is NEVER too late to go back to school. I’m 54 and started back into Nuring school almost two years.  I’m finding that I am taking school way more seriously than I did was a team. Now especially since I’m the one paying for it (through loans, a job on the side and monthly payment plans). I had always wanted to be a nurse but didn’t hav3 the confidence to do it. Most of all I am setting a wonderful example to my teenager children about never giving up on your dreams, and that hard work pays off.  We had some of the prerequisite classes together, which was a little awkward but ended up making things a little easier for both.  #1 advice check fill out the Fafsa forms ASAP so you know what you qualify for in the way of grants and low interest students loans.  Make the financial aid office your 2nd home anddont BE afraid to ask for advice.  There are lots of programs out there and it can be very confusing so and they can help you weather the storm. grants are great—no need to pay back but you need to follow certain guidelines during school and once in your new job.  If you have to get another job on the side, do it or even ask family.  When your done with school those loans then start requiring payment. "and they can be a pretty expensive and take a big chunk out of your low beginning salary.  2nd advice is try to get a job or volunteer somewhere in your job girls. This will help you know for sure this is defiantly what you want and it will be hpgood connections when the time comes. 
Doing the same myself studying chemistry at 33. Keep up the work!
Your grandma is so freakin awesome. If u ever had any difficult moments in life, this should be your happy place. 
Grandma's are the best!
Your username is very relevant as well
/r/adorableoldpeople

my grandma called to check if i was okay yesterday because i was sick and i forgot to call back, and now i feel really bad. i’m scared to make phone calls because i have bad general anxiety and theres a bit of a language barrier (i don’t speak chinese as well as i used to). if anyone’s reading this, would you please reassure me that she won’t mind? i really want to make that call

i know it sounds stupid and lazy, but sometimes my brain just doesn’t work the way it should :(
I'm a 31 yr old college student. Nobody sends me a thing. 

My Dad still thinks I'm a degenerate even though I'm almost done w my bachelor's. Oh well. That's cool your grandfather seems like a good guy
You're 30 and have a grandma??
I'm doing that too. In my 30's and back to university for grad school in Japan. Having a blast and not missing working a salary job at all.

Just enjoy the process!
Tell us more about the hamster...
Keep going OP!
In the same situation as you but with no cards :) 
Nice! I wish I experienced that. :-) you are lucky to have her.
Best grandma in the history of grandmas! You're very lucky, but I'm sure you already know that. 🙂
Wow! I have so much respect for you. Going to college after that “prime age” is quite difficult, props to you. Your grandmother is so sweet 💕, I’m glad that you have some family supporting you. Congrats to OP and all the people in the comments who’ve decided to go back to school. 👏🏻
Dude, keep it up!!!! It's never too late.  My dentist decided to sell his practice at 72 only to go back to medical school.  But, guess what he ended up doing it! 
Learning has no age. All the best.
My gramma has been gone for 2 years now and I miss her cards all the time. You're so lucky and blessed beyond measure! (Also v awesome for going to school, you got this!) 
Wow be sure to tell your grandmother how you love her for all her support when you graduate from college. 
Always tell the ones you love that you love them. You never know when they will leave this world.
That’s awesome man. I just lost my grandma a month ago and I was recently cleaning out some drawers and found stacks of cards from her. 
Congratulations! I went back to school as an "older returning student" too. Best decision of my life. My grandmas didn't care but that's another story. Rock on!
So what did the talking hamster say? I just gotta know.
Hell yea, never stop learning
My grandfather completed his graduation after his retirement. He was of 57 years that time.  He passed with good score....
My college sucks 
Thank you for this post. I am back in school at 36, majoring ee and ce. Just took a calculus 3 test last night. I love the material, but I hate tests! I don't know if I'll pass, and it seems like graduation is so far away.  I work full time, 50+ hour work weeks, and sometimes I have to travel, so I'm some old lady doing homework in airports. I'm already an engineer, and so many of the people who became engineers traditionally forgot everything, or had traits that made them great students, but horrible engineers. Not everyone,  but some of them. I wish more employers would count relevent experience in lieu of a degree. I wish there was a military equivalent to field commission to officer status if you prove you know you are capable and have had some battle testing and had great mentors. It's nice to know,  but for the time and money it doesn't always seem worth it. I've missed so much of my kids lives, and I might not ever have anything to show for it. Some engineering classes are only offered days so I'm not sure how to balance it with work too (ie chemistry, eng circuits, etc,) so I'm stuck there. I don't know.  Guess I'll cross that bridge when I have nothing left. Figure maybe I can take an unpaid leave of absence and student loan my way through the last semester and save all the day classes for then.
I really envy this, my grandma has schizophrenia pretty bad and that kinda support would go light years with me. I'm so happy you have her to root you on, just know I am too!


That's a sweet sweet grandma. Every child (yes, we will remain children to them forever) deserves a similar one. I never had a prosperous relationship with mine even though I feel that if we weren't living abroad, we might had, had one. Because whenever we were visiting, she used to give us back scratches to put us to sleep when we were kids. She passed away when we were young. 
Grandma the Great
WHOLESOME
What an awesome grandma 
Where is the love button on this thing?
The card with the hamster is the shit. Your granny rocks!
That’s so cute 
Damn. I miss my grandmas 😢
This is what grandmas are meant for lol
This makes my heart so happy. Right on :)
I hope you show her the love right back!
Amazing. You got this 
Your grandma is amazing send all of our love.
Sxhool sucks
Best grandma ever wish I had one rn. 😍😭
Grandson, if I had a talking hamster I would name it after you. Because it would still be a dummy for not going to college after HS and remind me of you! ....Love Nana.

(J/k- congrats man, super cool to have the gusto and super cool of grandma to recognize and support you! Good luck!)
You have an amazing grandmother and incredible resilience for pursuing what you are pursuing. Much strength to you.
Miss my Gram so much..I would take her to a card outlet and she would buy cards for her great-nephews' cousins' graduation..she sent cards to everyone though I consider myself the lucky one as I got the time with her...
Grandparents are very special people. I was lucky to meet my 4 grandparents and I miss them every day. Your grandma is great :)
i’m only crying a lot.
What does the talking hamster one say?
your grandma is a sweetheart
Ha ha, she looooves you. 
I’m lucky I’m 32 and still have all my grandparents.
Gran's rock them cards are keepers someday you pull them out and smile.
Fighting 

This is why I miss my grandmother. You’re so lucky, OP! 

Also, what’s your major??

Also, also — can she send me a card?? I have finals soon !
that’s so nice!
Reminds me of when my grandma used to put letters in my lunchbox. You two sound awesome!
You are truly blessed.
My grandmother did the same.  Cherish this support, she won't be around forever.
20th month! congrats 
My mom went back to school to get her Master's and eventually Doctorate all while being an amazing mom of 5 kids, and full-time nurse. Couldn't be more proud of her, it's hard man. 
How awesome!
Hey man, looks like you have an awesome support group behind you! Good luck with your studies!!! \o/
Ever purchased a greeting card lately? I tell people just send me 5 dollars and a post it note. But in all seriousness, good for you!
Respect. I wish someone would care about me.
Grandma's are the best
This thread made me feel better. 28 years old, full time job and trying to get a law degree. I wont be a great lawyer but Im trying! 
That's fucking beautiful
In college right now and my freshman year I went super far away for school, my grandma passed away about 12 hours before my flight home to see everyone. This made me wanna cry this is the sweetest thing I have ever seen!!! You're very lucky to have her AND she's very lucky to have you!!! Keep rockin it in college, major respect for going back!!!!!!
Your grandma rocks! 

Good luck!
Wish my family would support me like yours does ;(. I am only 21, thinking about changing my major to finance, but my parents do not approve, saying i would be in school when my peers are out there being useful. ( even if uni isn't really that expensive here )
Great dude!! You can do it. Don’t forget right after you graduated, sign up for the FE exam. Just take it regardless if you need a PE later. Don’t be like me. 
I took my FE/EIT years after I have done with school. I had to basically relearned everything included chemistry and biology (old paper format)  in 3 months while working and having a new born! Then I took the PE right after. Literally mind fuck! I think I got ulcer then due to stress! But I glad I took it. It open a lot of doors.

Also I heard PE may required 30 graduates level course in 2020
You can do it 💪🏼
I love seeing this, I'm thinking about going back for more smart getting but I stress a lot about the time investment
I’ve been working on my associates since I was 18, and I’m 24 now this should be my last semester! I took a couple years off in between to work , figure life out, and of course money issues. I never thought I would get here. I finally figured out what field I want to go into and how I can help the world. This post means a lot to me because I’m struggling with not being “on time” with other graduates. So, thank you for posting this. 
Three years into an EE degree I started at 40 - it can be done! 
You must be a very happy person!
Lovely.
This melts my heart, what a sweet woman.
Your grandma picks the best damn cards!
Grandmas are the best:)
support u！！

There's a reddit called randomactsofcards.  Want us to send cards to your grandma?  You can post a request there or PM me her mailing info, if you like, and I'll only give it out to PM requests for it that I get in response to a post I can make there.  I love grandmas!
All of my grandparents are dead. It hit me the hardest when I realized I wouldn’t be getting cards on major holidays anymore. Cherish these small gestures because one day they’ll be gone.
That's so awesome, both for you going back to college and your grandma supporting you!
That hamster wheel card is gold.
That's awesomeness 
I went to college for the first time at 38
Hard? Yes.. worth it? Absolutely!!!!
Good for you
I want my grandmas back.
Throughout my undergrad and PhD, my grandma and I kept up letter writing to each other. Eventually she had to get her post read to her by a nurse or carer and then they would write the reply she dictated. I regret now whenever I was too lazy to reply quickly.
I thought you meant that you visited college again in your 30’s and your Grandma was still sending you support after a decade... man, I really felt the feels. I still do, but just a little less.
That is the cutest and most uplifting thing I've seen all day 😊
When I was in hospital fighting major mental health issues, my grandma would mail me a card each week telling me "you will get better, I know you can". I still have those cards and I read them during hard times. Bless her cotton socks. 
It is so inspiring to see posts like yours, OP, and life stories of people under comments. More power to you all!
OP, your grandma is awesome!
edit: added grandma comment as she totally deserves it :)
Can your grandma send me a card every month just because?
The one on the upper right with the two dinosaurs made me smile. :)
That is awesome!! Support like this is soooo wonderful. 
Cla
"Being the "fun one" of the group is a good thing... unless you're in prison" lol
Man. I miss my grandmas. 😢
I love your grandma!
My mom and grandma always sent me this kind cards on my birthday..

I miss those cards
That’s really sweet of her! 
I fuckin love grandmas!
That's great. I never understood how parents are your biggest cheerleaders and biggest critics at the same time.  "I'm going back to college at 30" nice but you should have done this and this and this before and that's why you're in this mess. Like holy shit...and your grandparents are always just cheerleaders. But on some level, they made your parents this way... Lol
Your Grandma gets it! Love and support is what it is all about. I guess when you find the right motivators it helps kicks you into high gear, huh? Some of us just take a little longer to find them. (I also went back to school in my late 20s, and it was a great decision that changed my life in many ways.)

Congrats to you! Give your grandma a big hug. She rocks! 
Top Grandma 👵🏻 
Grandmas are the best!
May we please see the inside of the hamster card?? 
im deadass bout to cry
This is so sweet, my heart just melted! Congrats on going back to school!
You’re in your 30’s and your grandma is still alive?
From a college dropout, whose grandparents were her best friends, hug your grandma for me sometime. Good on you for deciding to continue your education. 
Cool stuff!
Please show your post to your grandma. I'm sure she will be thrilled. I am really big on sending cards. The one with the dinosaurs really cracked me up. When I leave this earth, I know I will be missed because all the cards I send for all the occasions won't be in the mailbox anymore. 
this is great! You are a lucky man
You have a grandma in your thirties? Good on her
u/keepchill , this is unbelievably sweet! I lost my memere (grandmother) when I was 35. She was by far my closest relative and certainly the one I loved the most. So I totally appreciate your cards, even if I’m a tiny microscopic bit jealous. Lol
I’m really curious though, what’s the inside of the talking hamster card? 🤣
Grats on having an alive Grandma in your 30s.  I hope you keep in touch.
I went back to college , too. I really wish I had someone do this for me. It’s been tough but I only have a year left. 
This is awesome as a 28 year old who partied his way out of college the first time I have been thinking about going back but it seems so unattainable now. Like a completely diff life I have no doubt i could do it academically, finances are the main hurdle. Congratulations on working towards something
Today is a wholesome day for Reddit! I started my day off with a GIF of Charlie Brown first holding Snoopy as a puppy, and now I want to go back to college and better myself from this post!

I just hit 30 last year and worried about not being as sharp with schoolwork, but the post and comments in the thread helped alleviate those concerns for me knowing that others go through the same and succeed with hard work.

Thanks, Reddit!
Awww she is so proud of you. When you find an encourager in your life, hold tight to that relationship for they are a huge blessing. Congratulations on your return to school, I hope you find a joyful route to great things.
Good on you, I can't imagine how tough that is. Mentally and socially! I went back when I was 24. I was just young enough to semi fit in and cope with the work load.  If I were 30, I'm not sure I would have had it in me.  

So sweet!!! And this is exactly why I hope "snail mail" never goes away.  I think a physical card means so much more than something electronic.  I've kept every single card that my mom has sent me and I've even managed to find something my dad sent, which is doubly valuable to me bc he died when I was 20, before I truly appreciated him. :'(
דדד
I'm in my 30's and lost both grandma's 4 years ago. They were like my other mothers. You have an awesome grandma!!!! Thanks for sharing. XOXO
Nice job! I actually just finished my Bachelor's degree (got my final project deemed completed successfully literally yesterday morning!), and I turn 37 later this year. It's never too late to go back or go again! Congrats!!!
I'm in college now and I enjoyed college. I believe my Alma Mater will also bring unforgettable memories to me.
that's it, i need a talking hamster now
OP, if you live close to your grandma, go see her. If you live far away, try to make plans to visit her. If you can't visit her, then call her and tell her that you love her. She loves you and one day you will be glad that you told her that you love her too. Looks like you have an amazing grandma, and grandma's need to know that :) 
This makes me want to hug my grandma :)


WoW best grandma ever! That’s really nice. Good luck with your studies mate =)
This made me really sad. 
D'aww, you're grandma is too sweet.
Your assignment for the rest of her life: cherish the shit out of her.
Isnt that nice
I hate myself for not saving all of my grandmothers cards.
Respect for you.It's motivating.
this makes me miss my granny so much :'(
And you keep them!  You are just as awesome as she is!
I'm most interested in the 'talking hamster' card.
You're a lucky human, this is so sweet 😭♥️
How sweet of your grandmother! Grandmas are special.
That's so awesome, she sounds like a lady who would feed anyone who comes over her house. Keep them! My grandma used to send me cards all the time. Not long ago, before I got married, she passed away. Treasure her, and treasure them, send her cards also!
Your grandma is awesome. 

I’ve spent the last couple of days researching going back, but it’s a lot pricier now than it was the first time (in my late 30s). 
I went back and finally graduated a few years ago and now all my grandpa can say is "Why haven't you gone to law school yet?" and "Why aren't you married yet?" I want hamster cards, love and encouragement. Humph. 
Tell her to quit spending money on cards and send you a check for tuition and book! 

kidding, good on you for keeping up the education. 
I have a Grandma like that.  In college back in my 20s she'd write me and include $40.  $20 for fresh & healthy food and $20 for play.  When I wound up in the slammer for 2 years she also wrote me nearly every week.  She's still alive...almost 90.  I'll give her a call today!
Awh grandma is too good for this world 💕 and much respect to you sir! I hope you're enjoying college 
Congratulations!!! You have the best grandma! 
Going back to school is difficult and this makes every minute spent worth it. 
Hey can your grandma be my grandma too jk 
I wish my Nan was around to do this. Your Grandma sounds beautiful :)
Sniffle. I’m 30 and thought about it if my health improves, but my grandma passed away in 2012. Fly free, Birdie.
This made me cry. I lost all my grandparents and I'm only 19 and I just miss them so fucking much...
Awww
I’m in my early 30’s and I have been thinking everyday about going back to college for a nursing degree that would get me a job. So far I have a bachelor’s and two masters but all useless degrees that would get me no job. Ugh. Poor choices in my 20’s... do what you love they say. Such bullshit. I should have never done what I loved. Now I am so scared to make that first step toward this useful nursing degree ... there are just so many burdens now that I am older with a baby on the way. But on the other hand I feel like I’ll be poor forever if I didn’t go back to school. Good for you OP for being so brave! 
First thing that popped into my mind....https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_fzWCjCQqV4

Warning-NSFW language at the end.  But in all seriousness, that is awesome and good for you.  I left college in my junior year because I landed a great job and they needed me to stay.  20 some years later, in my mid 40's, I took a year to go back and finish.  It was super hard but worth every bit of effort.
Damn, is it weird to go college at 30?
This is super cute. Wish I was old enough to remember both of my grammies. 
Awwwww 😍😭 that's so sweet! Best grandma ever 😭 I'd cherish those forever! Best of luck with school O.P. & good for you 👏
I, too, get frequent cards from a grandmother. I love that lady. I also keep all my cards that I've been getting for the past 18 or so years. At least twice a year.
This is amazing! Yay to you, and yay to your nanna! 👌🏻
It's nevet too late to chase your dreams.my dude
Damn I'm jelly. Hope you enjoying that young puss. Or D if you're a chick/gay and in that case I'm not jealous but jealous in spirit
She's not wrong. You rock. 
You are lucky
Cherish your grandma... She is a good woman! I'm so jelly..😁 
You are lucky
I miss my grandmas 
I’m in my 30’s contemplating grad school... yikes.  

Congrats, OP!  Keep up the strong work!
This is so heartwarming!!
Grandma's are the best. 
Congrats!

I would buy the 'you rock' doggo one for mahself cuz its so cute!

You are the man or woman.
I wonder if she just bought a shit load to send or actually goes to the shop each month to buy 
Grandma goals.
It's so sweet that you keep all of them. Send her this picture if you haven't because it'll melt her heart.
Wow! What a loving grandma u have. Lucky u!
*If I had a talking hamster*
Great grandma! Love her and cherish her until the day she die. Not many grandparents are like that. 
My grandma and I began writing eachother once I went away to college.  I was so excited to receive a letter from her every month or two. She would end each letter with "may you pick a bouquet of flowers in the garden of life".  I loved that. Grandmas are the best.
I have to ask...  

...no I don't. Sorry.
Your grandma seeks like a very sweet woman. Congratulations on going back to college, and good luck! 
Does she put a five dollar bill in there? That would be nice. 
Schools ! Drop the Report Cards and bring in the Support Cards 
Grandmas are the best!
Im went back to college for a second degree in my 30's and I found that I enjoyed school a great deal more, took it a hundred times more seriously and in the end it put me in the right field/industry.  Regardless of the loans you'll have to pay back or whatever other negatives you can dream up, it is always a good idea to pursue intelligence or skill. Good for you! 
Doing the same thing! Good on ya. Your grandmother kicks ass lol.
The thing that sucks about life is you never get enough time to spend with your grandparents. 
I too have begun the slow progression of college education in my early 30s. I spent my "college years" overseas for many  months at a time.
Belle
Hey congrats! I went back to University at 23 :) not quite the same but I know it isn't an easy decision. Wish you the best! Also, give your grandma lots of hugs when you see her, she sounds like an awesome lady.
I left college at 21 for being an idiot. Not going to classes. Skipping to smoke weed and get drunk. I’m 25 now and Iv been taking classes this last semester. I work 60 hours a week and have a daughter and a wife. Wife can’t work cause she is sick. This is the hardest thing I have ever done. Anybody going to college for their first time at a young age. Do you shit go to class do your home work.  There’s plenty of time for the other shit. 
That is so sweet of her!  Gotta love grandmas 🧡  and props to you for going to college!
Oh my precious! He’s so proud!
I'm so jealous you're in your 30s with grandparents. I didn't have any in my 20s :(
Cherish her while you have her.  You're lucky to have such a special lady in your life that cares this much about you.   
I wanted to have this support in my family. (I Have 24's, i drop out of school 10 years back)
But I've passed for so many problems in my family/life 😞
About to do the same, I had to quit my day job because hours were not flexible as much as bartending, next week I start my GRE classes and the rest is full time because I need to go HAM. I fucked off for my undergrad and while I have enjoyed being a cook, becoming a chef, running a catering company, running a bar and eventually becoming a beer brewer the work and effort isn't worth what I make at the end of the day. 

I had my fun and don't regret any of it, but time to adult I will be 32 this year and I have never had a vacation in my adult life ( I was 17 for my last vacation). 
Congrats!!!! I’m headed back to school next year (I’ll be 30) to get my bachelors in photography - it’s funny though, I also did things backwards- have a TON of real world/work experience, have a great portfolio, now I just need the degree with “formal training” so I can apply for the jobs I really want (or at least get them more attracted to me.) 

So proud of you!!

Edited: a word - I’m on mobile. 
That lady is a class act. What a sweet woman. Also, congrats & good luck! I’m in the same boat, we’ll get there!
You go, you!

I had a baby while in college. His father left me and my family basically abandoned me, so I had to drop out so I could work and support us both. Ended up with a career that usually requires a degree (CAD -- specifically drawing house plans and later worked for an environmental cleanup company drawing water table schematics and such) and also ended up marrying well (he was still in college and not working when we met, now works for a silicon valley software company), so saw no need to go back.

15 years later I was feeling really stagnant in my job, and with encouragement from my husband and child, quit and went back to college. About to finish my second semester. It feels *so much easier* than it did as a teen. There's the real world experience (a career using the maths taught late in high school and early in college really helps!), but there's also the 'not feeling stressed about finances' which I think is a bigger factor than anything. I'm also going to a community college and paying for everything out of pocket, so no loans or anything to worry about either. My original plan was to just get an AS in computer programming, but this year has been so easy I may change that to at least a four year degree. We'll see what this next year brings, when I'll be doing the actual degree classes (got all but one core class out of the way this year).

If manage to get through this, a funny thing will be that I'll have gotten a degree before my husband (he was hired by a software firm before graduating, and climbed the ladder so fast he never found the time to finish his last few classes. At this point he'd have to start all over again). I'll also be the first in my immediate family to graduate college (my siblings and parents are all high school dropouts).


You can do this.

I got my associates' in my mid 30s and my BS in computer science in my mid 40s.

That's all I want to say.
That's so wholesome it made my smile from my face and my belly.
While everyone here is talking about the you going back to school part, (good for you btw), the most important part here:

Kiss your grandma dude. And call her at least once a week.
I am going back this summer and will be turning 29. I have been going off an on for like 5 years but have not done very well and never really knew what I wanted to do. Wish I did years ago. Currently have a job as an analyst for a healthcare company and make decent money and figured a degree in computer science would help me a ton. It's going to take awhile to complete because I work full time and my job and have a kid so it can get very busy at times. Not sure if it's worth it to go back or not or just learn to program on my own and take programming classes at my local CC. Biggest issue is going to be cost. I know I will regret not going back because I am regretting not having my shit together 9 years ago. 
I just suck at interviews. I considered going back to school since nobody will hire me but no level of degree will help when the extent of my interviews is "I will perform my assigned tasks in exchange for compensation." 
My brother moved to Japan (from the US), 3 years ago to teach. Our grandmother sends him a card every Monday with the crossword puzzle from the Sunday paper in it, along with the answers from the previous weeks crossword puzzle. 

Grandmas are the freakin BEST
Wow I need this 
This makes me feel better not as old as some but feel hopeless just being in the middle of my second semester at 22
All  memories  for  us  are  precious   and  warm and fragrant,  including  haopen  ,solemn  ,sad  and  hopeless.
Grandma's are awesome!
This is the single most wholesome thing i've seen on the internet today. 

This is too precious :)
OH, hey, he's doing all right! *Eyeing the black velvet Bom Chika Bom Bom! bedspread*
That’s super awesome! My grandpa preached how important education is my entire life. Three degrees later he still hasn’t made it to a single graduation. I think it might be time to stop trying to gain his approval. 
You're lucky they're still in your life! 

Both of my grandmas died before I was 18. Both my grandpas died before I was born. 

Enjoy your relationship with her! 
who supports us if not parents!
I’m in my 30’s and going back to school also! It’s not easy! Having an “adult” life that you need to support that you didn’t have when you went in you teens/20’s. Best of luck to you!
Your grandma is the coolest lady in the world!!!
29 and in my third year of college. It's lonely as hell. We should all be in our own college together and yell at the kids on our lawn.
Congrats on still having a grandma around in your 30’s. My grandma died in December. I’m 30. I miss her every day. 
Being a mature student is difficult.

Source: went back to school at 29 (I had graduated from uni at 24)
I really want to know why there was quite a hubbub in heaven the day OP was born...
I graduated College. And grandmother sends postcards constantly.
So awesome. I never knew any of my grandparents, wish I did. This is awesome
Damn I don't even have grandparents anymore and I'm in college at 21. Cherish those cards. 
Lucky.
My classes start May 1st. Im in my 30s. I wish my grandma was still alive.
