Stop reporting this.  We aren't going to take it down because it's a human baby. 
This is much better than the alternative I experience where I nearly shit myself when I wake up to one of my children standing over me staring in the darkness. 
My wife went out for the night and I'm watching my daughter for the night. I happen to be there when she was waking up from a nap and her first words were "Go get mama back now."
I'm a teacher and I have one kid that react just like your daughter when she sees me. No matter how shitty my day has been, it always melts my heart to see someone excited about my presence.

Edit: Happy to see this got sight. This if proof indeed, that a sincere smile is always the best remedy. Say hello. Stop by. Smile. Start changing the world by changing someone's day :)
This is adorable
One of the best feelings in the world.
This is my daughter Dolly. I love her so much she is an absolute joy to everyone she is around!
I came home one day last week and was expecting my daughter to come running up and yelling "Daaaadddyyy" but instead she was at grandma's for the weekend unplanned.

You would think I would be stoked for a free weekend, but I was bummed out. I think about her all day at work and it was disappointing to not have her  there.

The love from your child is the most amazing thing this world has to offer. 
I miss those days. Now i get a grunt, if anything. 
Having the worst day ever, this would melt your heart.
/r/GifsThatEndToosoon

[Looks like she was about to attack](https://i.imgur.com/v7NLzsE.jpg)
My first kid is entering this world in October and I hope I have plenty of moments like this. We find out the sex on Friday and I'm really excited.
In my mind I heard “TeheheHYEAAARRGH”
The newer models boot up so much quicker than the old ones.
So sweet. I still get that from my youngest. My oldest growls and burrows into her pillows like a disgruntled badger. 
This is what it looks like when someone loves you unconditionally.
that's an amazing smile!
Cherish this before she turns into a teenager 
This reminds me of something that I read once when it came to being patient with your child. To them, you are the coolest, smartest person they know. You're like a compendium of the world's knowledge who also loves them. When they show you things, they're trying to impress you because you're the person whose opinion means the most in the world.

It's too easy to not appreciate the responsibility that kind of regard comes with. When they want to play a game with you, watch a show, ask a question, tell a joke or story, it's all because you are one step removed from the center of their universe.
My ovaries are exploding and I don't even have any.
I don't understand why people can't find kids cute. I hate kids and never want them, but they can be adorable. Just don't bring them around me or I'll throw them out the window.
Adorable! Please no jackets on in the car seat. It compresses in a crash and can cause the kiddo to be flung from the car seat. An alternative is taking the coat off, buckling the harness (chest clip at armpit level) and put the coat on backwards! Worked well for us. 
My youngest does this too. Pops right up with the biggest smile on his face and arms open wide. Makes the tough times melt away. 
This is the only picture of a child on this sub I’ve upvoted. Congratulations. 
My 4 year old woke up next to me yesterday and started crying when she saw me. (she thought she got a new mum and missed me) 
Such joy and delight radiating from her. You are blessed indeed.
Why do people hate children on this sub?
I need one of those Wookiee hats for my offspring....
[deleted]
Cuteness Level: Over 9000
This is so beautiful 😭😭😭😭
This made my heart happy! Thanks for sharing! 
You humanised me with this video...  I usually have no emotions. Turn me back
Everyone else here is like aww how cute and the first thing that popped into my head with that smile and expression was harry and the hendersons haha this clip in particular around the 1:40 mark for those not wanting to watch the whole clip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qBFSCbptrJk
Part of me can't wait to be a parent some day and the other part is fucking terrified. 
way too f-cking cute, her smile reminds me of [Stitch](https://imgur.com/gallery/vTcKFPe)
Treasure it OP.  
Never take those special smiles for granted.  

Holy shit it legit made me sad..  I seriously can't remember the last time I woke.up without being on the verge of tears and miss beong that happy
It's things like this that make me breathe easier that I'm having a kid in September.
Ouch, my heart. 
Kids really change people 
Aw, man. That is beautiful. One of the best feelings in the world. May you and your daughter enjoy every blessing.
I do this every time I see my old man. Fucking love that man and everything he's done for me.
Damn, that must warm your heart everytime.
The video cut too soon. Cameraman definitely got attacked by that bear.
My husband gets that joyous look from our daughter. It’s the most heartwarming excitement I get to see every day. 
This is why men cry at their daughters' wedding. 
A child's love is so pure. 
You must be a great father. She's lucky to have you.
This is exactly why we keep going. When sleep is nonexistent, when the house is a mess, when you’re dealing with blowout diapers, sniffly noses, and pukey toddlers. 

This is what keeps us going. 
the "gnihihihi i dreamt something special but im not gonna tell ya" laughing.
Wish someone was ever as excited as that to see me
A great way to start Monday. Thanks :)
How cute. I'm jealous. Mine only does that about half the time.
my girlfriend does this but the complete opposite. it's like medusa, if you look into her eyes, you're fucked.
I'm so happy you captured this. Cherish it forever. Remember the impermanence of all things.
My son does the same and I when I see his smile...I just want to pause that moment and that feeling right there...I want to pause it forever because I don’t think I felt happier...
Just warning you now, she wants to eat you.
This captures what those “small moments” in life really are and how much they can mean even if they are as simple as a smile. So beautiful 
my 1+ year old baby girl.. whenever she wakes up and seeing me: "don wan daddy" then cry. :(
That’s the best thing ever, thanks for sharing 
That made me all warm inside.
ouch my ovaries 
Such a dollbaby :)
That is pure love. Make sure to cherish her and let her eat a little extra ice cream when she asks nicely. 
The rare popular human r/aww submission. Soak it in folks this is like seeing Halley's Comet.
This is fucking adorable and honestly one of the best feelings in the world.
Can I have your daughter? Only until I get through finals I promise! She’ll be well fed - I have at least three packages of instant noodles left :)
Sorting by controversial, here we go boys edit not that bad 
Cherish this my friend.  It won't last forever.  What a beautiful child. Congrats mate, you're doing something right.   
[deleted]
Almost makes me want kids
Is it me or have I seen that face/smile somewhere before? Maybe Daisy Ridley? I really don’t know.
Too cute
That is PRECIOUS!!!

Morning person from an early age
What is this feeling?
MIKE WAZOWSKI
omg this is so cuuute
I think I would melt every time she does that
Hat like that, might be a alaska baby. They grow up cold resistant.
she's so sweet!
Precious precious love bug. 
The cutest smile ever! She loves you so much and that’s the sweetest thing ever. 
Oh man that's precious.
That's 100% love right there. 
Super cute kid and the hat just takes it up a billion notches 
“I’m alive! I woke up again without dying in my sleep! Hell yeah!”
-that kid every time she wakes up
r/miring
And for the first time in my 37 year long life, I want kids
Cherish her and this time you have together. 
I'm glad you left out the part where she demands your blood and soul, that'd ruin the moment.
I'm not a big fan of kids and I don't think I'd ever have my own but holy shit this is fkn cute 
Congrats on the sex.
I think this is a reflection of how good a dad you are. :) 
Some aggressive downvoting of comments going on in here for some reason.

Cute clip OP :)
[deleted]
Kinda want this in reverse. 
[deleted]
this sub has a serious lack of baby humans..
r/mademesmile
the smile is cute.. but then... the transformation begins...

https://goo.gl/images/L2NR6z
r/gifsthatendtoosoon
What is the green on her face?
Whenever I make eye contact with a stranger....

I'm in my 30's, too
Thats an ewok though.
fucking cringe
I really want a kid :(
What a drug!
The head wiggle did it for me.
Life ain’t so bad
My heart just melted! Please send help!
Can't handle the cuteness
I never wanted to have a child. This might change my mind. 
my 3 year old yells at me and tells me to go away. cranky little cunt.

Love the little fucker though.
Why are people reporting this?
Group is called "Things that make you go AWW!"
It does not say animal specific, so this post is 100% within the rules.
I’ve had a terrible day. I open Reddit and scroll through bullshit. Then this pops up. It made me smile so damn hard that my heart turned into butterflies. 
That's actually making me want a kid of my own.
The cutest kid ever
This is so cute! I want a baby now

When you sleeping in class and you see that your teacher didn't care if you slept. 
Life is great when you get a beautiful smile back from someone you cherish :)
I think my heart just exploded in a good way!
You’re so lucky!!!! ♥️
my goodness that's cute.
What a cutie 😚
If that isn't the sweetest thing I've ever seen
I love the little “eeeeeeee” at the end and her hands start going up and curling ugh adorable 
Andddd, my heart has melted.
Show her this when she is a teenager.
So adorable! 
So sweet!! You must be a wonderful parent. 
That is awesome.  My daughter used to do that too.  Cherish the moments. And hug her often
All the sign of a really good parent are in that smile 💙
 Best thing ever 
She's the cutest ever.
I need someone who looks at me the same way she looks at OP
moments like this make the "parent thing" worth it
I know being a parent is so hard stressful expensive you have no freedom or free time but god your so lucky. I am 30 years old male, and newly single (was with the same woman for 5 years) and I have no children. Hug them as many times as a day as you can. Thank Jesus or whatever god or deity you choose you have a happy healthy child. It’s a blessing. I know I’m still young but every day that goes by I get closer and closer to just being a dog parent and honestly that’s not what I want. I’m a tough guy I’m 6,2 200 lbs and it makes me tear up. So for all of us wanna be moms and dads just know how god has blessed you and enjoy every minute from womb to tomb.  
Oh my god. My girlfriend and I are planning to start trying in a few months, and while I have no second thoughts (I've been through the second thoughts/will-we-or-won't-we rigamarole with a previous partner), this short video fills me with hope that I'll be able to see a smile so full of joy someday. 

You made a beautiful human, OP. Good on you.
i think this is the first post on this sub reddit that actually made me aww
MY HEART
When you wake up on a Saturday morning without snooze. 

She's adorable.
She’s amazing.
Sir please stop, I don’t want to have kids and you’re making it hard to want to not have kids
No she doesn’t lmao
Absolutely beautiful. Love it. <3
I bet all the dog lovers are mad about this human getting over 100,000 upvotes.
[deleted]
Well gosh darn if that just isn't the cutest
[My uterus is glowing. ](https://m.imgur.com/gallery/LowAurC)
She’s so precious! 
This made me cry. I want to be the father I never had.
Dammit thats too adorable. I dont have kids, this makes me want to see my god daughter
I'm jealous, I wish I could have an kid. 
So wholesome
You must be a pretty awesome dad then!
Awe that's awesome. You are doing parenting right. 
You are so lucky!
So sweet
i really want to know where to get that bear hat/beanie?
Ahhh, I see you are already training her to be a furry. Good for you.
As the father of a one-month-old girl, and the absolute elation I get when I am able to get her to crack a smile -- I just have to say I am so happy for you, man. Getting that as a response must make your day, no matter what happened that day. My goal is to treat my daughter so right so that one day I could have this effect too.

You're clearly doing it right, bud.
This is how I looked at my mom(even when I turned to a teen) still do at her gravesite! I loved that woman with my heart, I’m glad your child cherishes you Op! I hope it lasts forever :)
Bet you live for that smile everyday :) 
Stuff like this makes me look forward to having babies with my wife.
Cute! 
Enjoy it while it's still there....
Mine does the complete opposite. Enjoy it!
Enjoy every second of it.
Aaaaaaaaand my heart melted.
I'm saving this. 
When I'm down or depressed, I'm totally using this. 
She's precious!!! 

my face physically scrunched AHHHHHWWW 
Ow my ovaries
A true bundle of joy. 
Got to be the cutest thing ever
This has to be the cutest thing ive seen in a while. Still dont want kids tho
BAH A HUMAN COULDN'T POSSIBLY.....aaaaawwwww
Loooord my ovaries 
Isn't that just the best feeling ever?
Hey I don’t want kids but you’re really not helping
ow, my ovaries!!! 
she’s so precious! congrats! 
Well that will just melt your heart.
She's going to be a morning person.
This makes me so happy I’m crying right now
Moments like these make it all worth being a parent am I right? :)
Children can be so great.
I dislike babies and little kids and even I think this is adorable.
Stop showing me shit that makes me want to be a parent. Gahh.
SHE'S A HAPPY CHILD! 
This has to be the single greatest thing I have seen on reddit and congrats to you my friend , children are a true gift from GOD 
So awesome.
This is so adorable
Lol awesome
r/gifsthatendtoosoon
My niece does this to me .Minus the teeth 
/r/bossfights 


/r/mademesmile
r/eyebleach
Just wait till they're over 21,then they just want money 😐
I only get squeals of happiness if the dogs come to help me wake her up, otherwise she rolls around the bed and grumbles until she finally rises for a grumpy "good morning" hug, she's almost two and has never been good at mornings, I feel this is going to get worse in her teenage years.
Mike Wazowski!
Thats just the best thing ever!
She’s very cute! 
That is awesome......keep that with you.
How can anyone not smile to this adorable kid? 😍
I want one! 
Adorable
At the very end, it looks like she is about to take a bite out of a massive invisible hamburger.

Easy to miss with all the cute stuff going on.   
I work with kids and good god is it worth putting up with tantrums and diapers to see smiles like this on a daily basis. 
My heart, omg. 
I wish I was that happy when I woke up!!
Man that’s gotta be the best feeling in the world. As a parent of 2 teenage girls, I miss this with all I’m made of. 
awww made a grown man awww
Remember this when they are spitting hatred at you as a teenager. :)
shes like the baby version of ray from star wars

Genuine. Pure. This can achieve World peace. 
HOOOLY SHIT ITS YOU AGAIN!
You are lucky to realize how special that is while it’s still happening 
My 3 year old just farts on me then kicks me because he scares himself awake by farting.
This is just awesome! 👏 
Enjoy it while it lasts. 
That is so freaking adorable!!!!
My wife and I had talks about having kids and neither of us want or need a kid for a lot of reasons. But it's stuff like this that has me think deep. Still don't need children but I'm still happy to see gifs of two people sharing joy
Why were the filming? 
Cool.
Take off her winter coat in that car seat. Jesus. She would fly out of that seat so fast if you were in an accident. 
Just finished watching The Florida Project and this gif was extra moving
Aww 

That smile ♥️
That's really cute!
Looks so similar to my daughter. 😁 So adorable!
Cute
That's the most genuine and adorable smile I have ever seen
"Yay! You still exist!!!"
Awww so adorable
My son recently turned 5. This was his normal reaction to me at 4 years 364 days. Hes in pre-k now, "meh...'sup daddy?"

Sweetness. 
I’d love to find a girlfriend/wife with the same expression every time she woke up and saw me. Life would be getting good every day.
She even does a little 'mlem'!
Omg so freaking cute 
peaceful, she is so cute  and I love it
This is my new favorite thing right after the end scene of Sully’s face when he sees Boo (Monsters Inc) again.  I melted❤️
God this is priceless!!
I'm not crying!  You're crying!
I still do this in my thirties when no one is in the room ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)﻿ 
Hey, we have the same car seat!
Enjoy it while they're young.  
Lucky
She has the daisy Ridley smile 
I’m gunna need a hat like that..... 

Also, SO CUTE!!
My only question,  is that the front passenger seat?
Real life Louise Belcher ❤️
You lucky bastard
Really like her animal hat! Like she's straight from Adventure Time. :)
Genuine 
So sweet.
Wait another 10 years til she says she hates you cause you didn't buy her an IPAD.
Awww, so precious!
I think we need a compilation of this!
Aww~~~~~so sweet XD i wish i can hug your daughter ~~~~~
Aww what a cutie 
Made my morning
No, just you.  Seriously, Louise is a great character on a funny show. You must be a humorlous robot and should probably stop watching TV.
The way her eyes catch onto you the split second after they open is scarier every loop.
Or, sees the camera (phone)
Possibly the most contagious smile I have ever seen :D
Still gets me on the 5th loop 
Oh hello there ! <3 <3
Holy shit she's the girl from Monsters Inc.
Well ya do kinda have to laugh,cause kids do have there own personality.
Wow.
So. Cute.
She is so cute
My heart grew ten times it size- the grinch. How great does that make you feel, seeing that reaction every time?!
Lucky dad! 😁 (and seems like a lucky girl who’s dad makes her this happy!)
smile is so sweat.
Melting 
mii
Your child looks really familiar for some reason. 
The cutest face
We face our kids backwards in the car, so everything we see is from a mirror mounted on the seat behind them. Unless the older one decides to kick the mirror. 

Which he does. 

Every. Single. Time. 
Was she about to flip you of with both hands as it cut of just before?
Good lord that's adorable
this is my expression when it's friday
One of the best dang aww's of all time
That even made me happy....and I am having a horrible day. Thank you
Sorry to inform you that your spouse might be a bear.
I think she likes you OP.
Pure honest and true ❤️ 
WHAT A JOYOUS SOUL!!!!  TOTALLY PRICELESS....  
Im currently looking to wake up to someone like that as well... any takers
The baby’s smile is so sweet😘 Seeing the smile, my heart is warm ❤️ 
Since my Reddit app is not working, I wanted to reply to  u/save_the_last_dance 

- Glad you have someone to talk to and a support system, I have absolutely no one 
- I won't tell you all that's wrong, you don't understand anyway so there's no point 
- I wasn't trolling, I felt like you kept attacking me and my beliefs and I was defending them 
- I'm glad you introduced me to the concept of black pill, maybe I'll finally find acceptance by one of them 
- Nobody understands me, you're not the first 
- I'm actually super loving and affectionate when given the chance 
- Being called superhero levels of crazy is seriously the nicest thing anyone has told me and I almost feel some sort of emotion in my own personal hell
- I'm not responding to any other comments, since this dialogue through the course of the day has given me 3 panic attacks and I tried to destroy my phone and furniture out of the anger you caused me.

I know the mods will delete this, I don't care, just had to reply despite my app not working.
[deleted]
Brilliant. I showed this to my 2 year old and he has the same reaction watching the video - her smile lights him up. We watched a loop dozens of time and he giggles and laughs every time. Eventually he fell over. 

Thank you :)
Give it a few years :p
Thats a grown ass lady
That's the cutest kid right there
Back this up in 14 different places. In the future, it's just going to pop into your head and you'll wish you could watch it again.
So cute but OP pleaseeeeeee switch the jacket for a blanket in the car seat. Please. 
when you say your daughter.../u/awash907  you mean the person the uploaded the 1st video ?
D’awww!
[deleted]
Are you made out of ice cream?
I'll never understand why people don't want kids? I get it's really hard sometimes, but damn, pure joy and innocence; I want that in my life. 
[removed]
Holy shit this is soo cute!! 
Wooow, she looks so cute
Possibly the most aww thing I've ever seen!
What a cutie!
If you don't mind me adding some unasked for deph to this cute gif, my wife was and is that girl and it's almost the reason why I married her. 
/r/MadeMeSmile 
This is the first post that makes me want kids. Absolutely adorable
Warms a parents heart, doesn’t it?  
I don’t know if this is cute or terrifying.
My ovaries (I'm a dude) 
I now have baby fever...
[deleted]
Aw, can I have her?
So darn cute. Kids are the best <3 
I can't believe I used to hate kids. How can you not melt inside when looking at something like this? 
and this is why being a parent is so special. =)
And then she’ll grow up, become a teen, and won’t even talk to you much less look at you all. 

You’ll look back on this moment, wonder what happened, and feel a bittersweet sadness as you mourn these special times. 😢
We live in a society 

Fake af
She was already awake
Be nice to have someone that felt this excited to see me
I was overjoyed and I’m not even her father. This is what life is all about.
She tried smiling, that’s a good trick!
[deleted]
Pinch those cheeks on my behalf!
This phase lasts like the first year or two and it's the best. I love it. Happy gummy smiles before they get their teeth in is so cute too. 
Sometimes uppon the day to day you come to this conclusion that happiness doesn't reside within you but even then you realize there's things in our life that make us wonder how do we deserve persons like this one, how can the most simple gesture bring light and make our hearts tremble.
Okay, now that's cute!!
Awww so cute!!! Happiest baby. 
I’m sure you are but enjoy it. 
Aw
I want a hat like that.  :)
life doesn't get better than this
I can tell you’re a great father/mother. This is just too cute. Thanks for sharing 
congrats
That would just melt my heart.

That's got to put you right over the rainbow every time.
My 14mo daughter has just starting saying "Hi" when I get home, it's way more adorable than expected.
My son used to make that same face every time he pooped his pants
Sorting by controversial on this thread has restored my faith in humanity
Oh my goodness! I am in love with this child! You are so very blessed. Thanks for sharing her happiness with us!
Sure she does.
/r/GirlsMirin 
That is one Harry-and-the-Hendersons kinda smile. 
Dang. One day I hope to have kids, and when I do, I hope they look at me with the same amount of happiness and love.
Good mornin mama! Hahaha love it
You made it as a parent. That's awesome. 
r/mademesmile
This just made my day soooo much better
This is cuteness that could theoretically save the world. About to do some really mean stuff you’re sure you need to do? Watch this! Is ok...
Omg 😭 this is just so precious! 
Take an up vote for adorablness. 
Thank you for posting this, sweetest gif, ever.
When my wife would wake up she would smile at me like that. Not the laugh part at the end but the smile. Were together 9 years. In the last year she stopped. and that is when I knew something was wrong.
Lucky. My nephew doesn't even recognize me if he doesn't see me after a week. He even calls me "excuse me", as if I were a strange man ):
Someone is going to post this on 9gag with the same title 
I'm not sure if you're aware, but that's the cutest thing I've ever seen. 
I wish anybody showed half this level of happiness just knowing I'm alive and in their lives.
💕💕💕
This is adorable 
This brings me joy to watch. 
You are so lucky to have her. So damn cute.
That’s adorable.  I never had the “Mom” experience, so this is a little foreign to me, but adorable.  
Stop making me feel like I want to have a baby! I want to deny my natural instincts! But for real, this is so sweet and adorable.
That is the pinnacle of a man's (from my perspective) dreams. 
Oh my! That smile could cure depression, well at least mine. Please please please cherish every second of this. Store these smiles in your heart forever.  Wouldn't it be great if we could all be like her and smile like this to everyone we meet. You are so very blessed. 
This is the face I make when I wake up and remember I have leftover pizza in the fridge
I’m convinced I just got my first true social smile from my daughter (4.5 weeks). She was sleeping and she woke up and I said “hey you!” And she smiled. I said it again “hey you!” And the smile got even bigger, including her eyes. My heart exploded.
What a little angel. That smile! That kind of love and happiness is what makes parenting so amazingly special (and makes all the sleepless nights worthwhile).
Actually can't wait to have kids (Once I'm older and stable)
I especially enjoyed the quick cut before she did the double middle fingers
I feel personally victimized for the amount of baby fever this just gave me
I've been having an extremely hard time, lately. Something is going wrong in every direction it seems. Every single day when I wake up and see my sons beautiful, teethy smile and hear him say "HI MAMA" as soon as he sees me literally washes every bad thought, feeling, tear etc. away. Kids are the most amazingly pure things on this entire planet, and I seriously thank mine every single day for having nothing but unconditional love for me like I do him. I would probably be dead with out my little boog, and I can honestly say that. 
that's a weird looking dog tbh
God dammit, Reddit. Making me cry tonight. Soooo pure and heart warming. My heart can’t handle it tonight. Already feeling raw and emotional. Children are the purest thing on this planet and we all should be doing everything we can to keep them safe 
Such a cutie! Jackets in the car seats actually leave the straps too lose to be as effective as they need to be, just so you're aware! I'm sure that smile means the world to you, so adorable! 
Oh my fucking gosh, that is so adorable.

God bless you and your daughter, OP!
My kids wake up pissed....like the day is interrupting their dreams...
Don’t even like people and this made me smile.
Adorable!

Does she do the whole nine yards every time?

She grins, does a lil shimmy, and then throws her set in the air like she just don’t care?
If she weren’t completely and utterly adorable, would this be creepy? 
God fucking damn it that is so adorable
My 5 month old baby smiles at me when I open my eyes first thing in the morning. Melts my heart. 😊
Aww. Dude, that kid fucking loves you.
proof of parenting done right 
It's a baby version of Daisy Ridley 
My heart... I don't even like kids, but if that was how it was with a kid for me, I'd lay down my life in a second. I think I "get" at least part of that parental bond, now. 
Thats also the same thing she does before she devours the souls of her victims.
I'm a cynic and and a pessimistic and I don't often remember. Why. When a toddle smiles you smile back so  you damn better well smile back. So reddit smile! /i'm druck
This is why I have a dog. So that someone looks at me like that, ever. 
Your child is so adorable! And that little smile aweeee my heart just melted! Fuck the people reporting her she deserves to be her :)
My son does this too! HHahahahah 
Contagious happiness, right there!
Thank you for sharing! :) 
The smile that broke the internet 
God this makes me wanna have a kid. But then again i think itll see me and start crying.
I'm getting the same reaction from son - minus teeth, as he's too small for it. But the feeling is precious anyway))
I'm not crying bc it's cute, I'm too manly for that.
Best part of being a dadditor
Seems like she was already awake. Bullshit.
Then puberty hits.
