I’ll tumble for ya’, I’ll tumble for ya...
[deleted]
"We peed in here....together."
They met on tumbler

Edit:  truly thank you for the gold fellow redditor will be sure to gold it forward. 
PSA don’t let your cat play in the washer/drier. It’s pretty common for people to kill cats by starting their washer/dryer with the cats inside. 
Married in holy catrimony
My mother was doing laundry and our more curious kitty, Spike jumped into the dryer while she had the door open without her even realizing it. She started the machine up and walked away. I heard a faint racket from the living that reminded me of when I tried to dry my sneakers as a kid. A loud, repetitive thumping. I just thought it was an uneven load or something, but my mother knew immediately something wasn't right and went to check. She found our little snuggle buddy all wrapped up in the wet towels and kinda freaked out. She called for help while she carried him into the kitchen. My father and I rushed in, then I started freaking out when I saw him panting heavily with some small drops of blood on his tongue shouting how we needed to rush him to a vet. My father tried to calm us both and said just to give him a minute and see how he was. He was dazed like the time he came back from the vet after having his kidney stones removed. He just weaved and swayed, bobbing his head in place for a bit while his breathing started to ease. We placed a water bowl down and he eventually took a few sips and then slowly meandered into the living room and found his bed. His sister came over, gave him several sniffs and started giving him a tongue bath like she always does. She's more of a mom than a sister, always the protector. I had mostly calmed down at this point, but my mother was still a bit upset. We just settled down there in the living room and kept an eye on him for the night. After a short nap he was seemingly back to normal. He got up and started his "feed me" whine. That cat ate very well over the next several days. That was at least 5 years ago and he's still here healthy as ever, the best snuggle buddy kitty we've ever had. Some time after this event my mother mentioned how the sound of Spike going around in the dryer still haunts her. I tried my best to console her by pointing out that she in fact saved him by immediately checking on him, but it didn't seem to help much. 

Anyways, this photo reminded me of that and I thought I'd share.  
How do I get an invite to the wedding? 
When I was 12, my mom came to school to pick me up which was unusual since I walked home and it was maybe a 15 minute walk. She said something had happened and she needed to tell my that our cat was not on good shape; she was running later for an appointment and threw some towels in the dryer while she showered. Turns out my cat Patton was in the dryer for the entire time she was showering. He went to the vet with a 104’ temp and lived, but after that he would pick up trash around the neighborhood and bring it to our house, even dead birds and other critters .

Moral of the story, if you have cats and a laundry room accessible to them, know that this is a possibility
This is a pretty big fear of mine. I don't want to kill my cats because they got curious.
Since they're both orange this is PROBABLY a gay couple but possibly a straight couple. :)
I would encourage my cats to stay away from there. On the off chance you miss them it can turn out very poorly.
Doooo no let your cats think a washer dryer is a good place to sleep, please my friends family lost a kitten in such a manner
ITT: A lot of sad stories about cats dying in the dryer.
My fiancé’s cat died in the dryer. Jumped in when her mom wasn’t looking. Watch your cats people. 
They’re in a dangerous place!
Then the next frame they are randomly mad at each other slapping one another hissing.
*She said YES, y’all!*
This is aesthetic af
It's all fun and games till someone starts the washing machine...
What do you mean would?! This is a cat engagement photo, taken in the traditional setting of a dryer. More adventurous couples might go for the top of some kitchen cabinets or underneath a glass coffee table, but I can appreciate this classical style.  
My cat loved fresh warm-from-the-dryer blankets. At the end it was one of his few comforts.
Thanks Obama.






.



Only the hardcore punners will understand this difficult pun.
They make each other's world go 'round.
PSA: sometimes cats go in those and then they get closed and cycle turned on and bad things happen.

Becareful if your cat likes washers and dryers.  
[Laundry day](https://i.imgur.com/Zj0nZGK.jpg)
This is kind of terrifying.  My cat does this if the dryer is left open with clothes.  I can't tell you how many times I check the dryer before putting it on.
Why are there fucking cats in your washing machine?
Set for permanent press.
This is my actual greatest fear.
"Tumble dry low, because we're high on love"
You spin me right round, baby right round
I have the same sheets and the same color cat too!
This is what divorce looks like..

https://m.imgur.com/a/0rLBrHY

Edit: Link trouble
My Mom's cat died in the dryer because it was white and hid in the whites. Feels bad man.
Do people just leave their dryer doors open all day? Wtf?
It will be a topsy turvy marriage.
They’re probably both male. Very progressive, reddit!
They weren't so happy looking after the spin and rinse cycle.
[deleted]
Get outta that dryer
If just like to inform everybody that this is the best thing I've seen in my life
Where's the gift registry?
My cat always looks at the working washing machine as if it were a TV.

Changes in the rotation are like cliffhangers for him. :\-D
You spin me right round baby right round...
Not comfortable with them in the dryer. Kitty sneaks in for a nap. You don't see, snap the lid shut, and hit permanent press. Nightmare ensues. 
u/xcassizzle
This comment section has now made me super paranoid about accidentally leaving one of my cats in the washer/dryer... The thought of accidentally hurting one of my fur babies in any way makes me want to cry. Be extra cautious, people. I know I will be.
We will never find love like this 
I now pronounce you cat and cat.
I'm so envious of your cats. Mine doesn't like any cave like enclosed space. He follows me anywhere I go and often rests on my chair or my pillow.
No cats allowed in there in my house. That’s how my mother in law accidentally killed a litter of kittens. Traumatized her kids 
I'm confused about the sideways owl reflection in the glass
I think you mean should not would. I want to do this picture with my husband now. 
Most ppl drown cats but you took it to a new level of dark
"I just barfed in your undies." - Cat.
Welp, time to burn the laundry.
Uh yeah, if normal engagement photos were taken in high risk areas for humans, which they aren't.


Waiting for the triggered comment talking about how they're gonna die in that thing and how horrible of a pet owner you are 
D'aww 🐱
My dumbass gets in the dryer and pees!!
In case you didn't have enough cat hair in your clothes, you can infuse it right from the washer.
Fun fact: those are two male kitties
The puns in here are some next level shit.
"Purrrr, purrrr, hiss-lick, meow, lick, purrrr, pat, purr."

Translation: "Sweetheart, I know this marriage thing is scary, but let's give it a spin."
This makes me want to devote my life to being a cat events photographer 
Closed my dryer one time, turned it on, heard 3 thumps, opened it and my cat came running out haha. Scared me! 
they are gay 
I mean, it could be. You could make your cats get married. They can't stop you. They are cats. 
This is going to a washed out relationship 

I'm the king of the whirled!
This is adorable. 
Them was putty tats. Tats that was putty ...
Fuck, that's cute.
I thought this said  “cat endangerment photo would look like”....and it’s like WELL DUHHH
Omg
Who says they aren't engaged?
"I still don't get the point of this, cat fathers don't even help with raising the kittens."
Gahahaha! Spot on, mate.
Aw.
I'd save that date in a heartbeat!
This is so damn cute
You don't want to see a cat honeymoon, though.
*Wake up, the house is on fire*
paging u/Your_Post_As_A_Movie
I agree 101%
Little do they know that door could be shut and that dryer turned on with little to no effort
How would i know, i will never get engaged :(
So cute, my god.
N
Cute, nice picture
My vision isn't the greatest, so seeing the thumbnail in my peripheral vision, I initially thought this was one of those fancy lattes with milk art on top. Finals week has me seeing shit again.
This is my wife meow.
these cats are so cute
Looks like somebody’s gettin’ some tail!
Yeah, now they're ready to make demonic noises. 
they know well how to take photos 
My co worker accidentally dried his kitten. 
For a second I thought that was like a space shuttle capsule or something 
You should have seen their prop pictures!
Giant cats? Small dryer? No banana for scale...
Moo-moos! 
u/jazzbam
Meowiage...
Me irl
Wash meowchine, pretty and messy.
[I see your cats](https://imgur.com/gallery/5FLGS53) 
Omg thats so cute! Mine just likes to take a dump in my dryer when i leave it open...
I want to permanent press them...into my heart.
r/meow_irl
How much you wanna bet this will be on instagram by tomorrow?
saw someone wrote if I received a penny each time I post a dog or cat pic, I could write a book and feel I be someone.
OH MY GOD YOURE RIGHT FUCK
Are you my wife? [gingers ](https://imgur.com/a/11XglRY) 
This looks like a calendar photo
Cats in a spaceship 
Why not?
I’m imagining them looking through the porthole of their luxury cabin on the cruise ship, gazing at the moon over the water...
That's like humans taking engagement photos in a jumbo jet turbine
That's awesome!
Baby, you make my  head spin!
If they shat in there , would you turn the wash cycle with warm water 

with those two inside ? 
I don't have a cat so I wouldn't know 
Absolutely gorgeous!!!
Damn. I know this gets said a lot. But this wins the cuteness overload for the day
Always and purrever
Other cat engagement photo scenarios: 
-two cats, side by side, clawing the couch
-two cats chewing on or digging in a pot plant
-two cats attacking the family dog and/or toddler 
-two cats vomiting hairballs into an expensive pair of shoes.

Domestic bliss, asshole-feline style.
I haz a fiancee!
I hope this becomes a thing now 
Damn what was this shot on? 
This should be on /redditgetsdrawn
Why did I read this “cat endangerment photo” then look at it think “these kitties look far from endangered”?
Awwww
They look like astronauts from a space mission. 
Cat-stronauts after their first mission in space. 
Aww they look like such an adorable couple
Adorbs! 
Aw in their favorite date spot
Well captioned.
Obviously the dryer was set on the 'fluff' setting.
Yes.
I could have sworn that said “cat endangerment photos.”
I drew this in 2D Design class last year! Edit will come with an imgur link once I find it
Cute!😄
Don’t turn that baby on.
I read that as “entanglement” ... thought the next comments were going to be about how both cats had the same spin... pheline physics?
r/catporn 
Ugh - growing up I had 2 different cats die in a dryer - dryer was kept on the breezeway that was pretty cold in winter and my mom would stop the dryer to pull out dad’s dress shirts and hang them up... come back out and shut the door. Boom - kitty had crawled in. AWFUL. 
the light cat's expression is perfect - vaguely smug, looking into the distance at a bright future
Boy left, girl right?
When he proposed in the laundry basket, this was the obvious choice for the photographer. 
Life keeps tumbling your heart in circles till you... 
That's adorable, so long as there's no dog waiting to close the washing machine door:

[Cat fud](https://www.klos.com/~john/catfud.jpg)
The male cat looks pushed into taking this silly picture and the female cat is just trying to look girly.
So damn cute 
Now they need a picture of them hanging out in a box together. 
Awweee so adorable!! \<3
lol 
I am Groot.
Ill adopt them both. Oh the frivolities we will have. 
Funny you say that.  I did an urbex engagement shoot.   https://imgur.com/a/e85kqM6
Dog man, here. Those are some great cats there. Wishin' them the best as they begin their lives in that dryer. 

Sincerely, 
Mr. Dogman
Awww. Now show us a pic of some cat on cat with obvious penetration. 
R/cumsluts
 
Best engagement photos I have ever seen. 
Oh come on! Leave some cute for the rest of the subreddit! Selfish!
I have seem a picture like this somewhere decades ago at those old store that developed your negative film to picture. Don't whether the shop is still around. Damnn technology move so fast  and here I am in reddit. Hmm.. 
So cute
He cats I sent in to space...
Came back with money.
<------ cAt fuD

"Oh please, oh please..."

Thanks for ruining a cute picture of cats in a dryer for me, Gary Larson.
My cat was killed inside the dryer 
My cats do this, except they go in there and pee 
God damnit those were clean clothes, ah fuck it I'll take a photo.
This is face meltingly cute
Mirror Cat's creepin in the door! 
😘💕
This is highly dangerous- They need to be taught that this is not an acceptable place to be, for any amount of time- look on the internet... There are MANY people who have had their cats die because they did NOT REALIZE they were in the dryer at the time that they turned it on.

They should come to realize that this is not acceptable as a place to be. 


I just saw the news of a woman who killed a cat by putting him in the washing machine.
Seeing this just after is a bit creepy.
Wow! I'm suddenly realizing why my neighbors were nervous when I sat in the recliner or any furniture really. Why it was a bigger deal when I almost sat somewhere the cat was. More than when it happens with dogs. You guys really have to know where you're me cats are a lot. Worrying about them when doing laundry or when using the recliner or anywhere else they may get into trouble. 
LOVE
That's what my engagement photos gone be like 
PSA: Do NOT attempt to launder your cat(s).

It may kill or injure them.  In the event they survive, they will find a way to murder you in your sleep.  Believe that. 💯
Cute Ovaload \<3
Prolly my favorite post so far this year. ✌🏼
I love these cats so much xoxoxxoxoxoxoxo
There’s a dog in the background reflection. 
*spasm*

This is how my childhood cat died. Yes, in the dryer, going through a full cycle. My newly immigrated grandparents weren't cautious enough to notice. 
I have a ginger cat like this one. He is very playful. Cats are cute creatures.
If they can get engaged, then they can pay child support..
You mean DO , dont go into the forest during the clothes folding 
That marriage isn't going to last.
Cats make me happy
what the hell are engagement photos? 
r/misleadingthumbnails
Let's take some pictures

I have those same towels!
2 cat-souls, 1 Dryer.
my cat died in a dryer this triggers me
Not safe...
What's the human equivalent of having a photoshoot in a dryer?
The one on the right looks like he has a thumb
*Would* look like?  I think that is exactly what this is.  Just be careful not to tumble dry any kittens in a few weeks.
You know what? I can actually believe these two cats might be engaged.
They will get married haha \<3
Thought that was a coffee cup for a second 
I fucking hate cats and I love this pic.
I have the same dishtowel!! 
If this is in 1920x1080 it’s my new wallpaper
:')
Cat.
Good job. 
When cats are engaged they hangout in a washing machine?
What type of cats are these?
Little did Tails and Tiger know, the young male human was sneaking into the room and their somber moment would turn into a living nightmare of vertigo hell. 
Looks like both are males.. nothing wrong with that, I just see their faces and think “a male cat and a.. male cat.. are they engaged?.. can’t cats be in homosexual relationships?.. hu guess so yeah.. but still.. how..” this thought process goes on for some time..
Turns on the dryer
100k likes? Jesus
I am pretty sure these cats are high af
Or suicide pact cat photos...
TILLDEATHDOUSPART
We met by the kibble bowl... I was coughing up a hairball, and she snuck some food before I could stop her. The rest, as they say, is history. 
Cutest. Ever. 
naughty cats😄
Reminds me of the time my cat, which was deaf and not afraid of appliances, jumped in the dryer when I wasn't looking and went for a ride. Not as cute as this picture, but funnier after making sure the cat was okay. 
Or kitty porn.
Yeah you can tell she's way more into it than he is, just like humans! 
Cat 1: "honey we should do the pictures at that nice warm spot in the dryer."
Cat 2: "yeah but i hear its not that warm this time of day."
I prefer the backdrop of the furnace. Much more of a rustic look. 
Yeah, she's more into it than he is.
*Take a spin with me!*
The cat on the left look like he finna smash
Save the date!
cuteee \<3
We pooped in here! XOXO
close it and turn it on and that's what a cat holocaust looks like
Lol reminds me of when I was little. I locked my cat in a dryer a few times and just watched him. After a few mins I would let him out and he'd give me a look like "dude really?" 
I would put that sucker on rapid spin cycle. 
Now close it and put it on extra high so we can have less filth on earth
I had a kitten die in my dryer once. We thought the clunking noises were shoes. The poor thing blended in with the clothing, and we hadn't seen him jump in. 
Close the door and hit start?
Now close its door and start the machine 
It’s all fun and games till laundry day comes and you start smelling Chinese food.
Zoom out and there's a third cat about to nudge to door shut just because.
This is disgusting! 
My cat died because of this, it was such a shitty way for him to go
[removed]
Close it, turn on 
