that s a nice hat he's wearing. 
*Update 

I have just told my dad that over 150k people have seen his photo on Reddit and people think he looks like woody Harrelson.

He’s replied: what is a Reddit and I wish I had his money. 
Fuck...Daddest looking dad to ever dad
The pool of lips on his head is killing me....god damn your dad... thank him for me 
your dad is woody harrelson? 
boxers are seriously the best dogs. mine does shit like this all the time. i love it.

edit to share my moron

https://i.imgur.com/MuZDy2X.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/vt9YzTH.jpg
Dog-cheek helmet for the win. 
Does it come with complimentary drool drips too?
Retire from  selfies. You’re batting 1000
Droopée
Im pretty sure all boxers do this.
HAT BOYE
Boxers are the best dog
I have a boxer too! They are tons of fun!
Boxers are the best. Clowns. They don't even have to try. I miss my Houdini.
He may as well stop now. He’s mastered it.
There's a dog growing out of your dad's head
Please let this be the Christmas card this year
That scar is fucking badass 
That's a pretty substandard toupee!
We refer to our boxer as a scarf because she likes to curl up around our necks. Doesn't matter that she is almost 60 pounds! 
"Okay, now teach me how to order this on one of those canvas picture things, I need a new one to go above my favorite chair."

"Oh, you're going to make a gallery wall?"

"No."
So your dad props his chin on a random guy's head?
Which one is the dad? 
That’s a handsome boy ! He’s a good boy. I have two boxers. 
Both my Rottie and Pit do this! 
Doesn't even look that old. Probably not much older than me. How could he have not figured out how the selfie camera works within 6 minutes of owning the phone.
I think your dog is melting. 

Give it a chill pill.
 Why is the dog melting? 
Your dad's beard looks awfully like a man. 
good way to cover a bald spot
Dogs really have no sense of personal space. Sometimes it's endearing, other times...not so much. 
Wow, this royal wedding hat trend is really making people get creative. Anywho, it's a lovely hat. 10/10 would wear.
Is that you as a baby in that pic up top?
Very cool! Who’s the guy he’s resting his head on?
He oddly resembles Woody Harrelson.
Looks like his hat is part hound's tooth.
The slobber works as good as Rogaine u know...
Oh man, what's the story behind that scar?
Hilarious. My wife and I have two boxers. This picture is everyday life with a boxer. Best. Dogs. Ever. 
Can you call it “tea bagging” if it’s with droopy cheeks instead of balls?
Well congrats to your dad, it looks like he won the internet today. 
Look at the way the dog's jowls florp over the sides of your dad's head. That's quality content. Thanks!
Is that stack stone wallpaper?
Tell him I like his toupee
I'm totally getting the Woody Harrelson vibe, this is great.
Is he here to talk about Rampart?
At first glance it looks like the dog is sucking on the man's head like a sucker fish lol. Or maybe it's just me
Another Rampart is coming out?
thats one fine hat harry
Love your dad. And his hair piece 
Now that is a perfect first time! 
This is incredibly adorable!!! 
Does your Dad happen to know of a big shot gangster putting together a crew?
The dog is melting
this isnt even related to rampart
Hi this is my dog but let's not get off topic I'm here to talk about Rampart
Good boy/Bad boy. Good boy is keeping bad boy in his seat! 
Boxers are the goofiest lol. 
Boxes are the sweetest! Props to your dad for sharing this. 
I accidentally opened the front camera 
Well, that's quite an interesting (and adorable) hat your dad is wearing!
And his last when I get to him
I love boxers so much they’re so cute. 
Is your dad a fat Woody Harrelson?
Ah, the accidental, 'now i got to explain to dad why he's on the front page of the internet' post.
Your dad looks like fat woody harrelson with the best good boy ever. 
Who run Bartertown?
Awe floppy dog jowls are so funny
/r/faketitle
he looks like Woody Harrelson's brother
Boxers are the best.. It's cliche because it's true
It's a designer hat fit for a royal wedding.
Is your dad woody harrelson’s fat older brother? 
He can quit now! One and done
He looks like woody harrelson 
Your dad kinda looks like woody harrelson
I wish my dad was Woody Harrelson
he looks like Woody Harrelson
I thought your dad was Woody Harrelson
Is your dad Woody Harrelson? 
that's one of those pics you are really going to appreciate in 30 years
Is your dad Woody Harrelson?
Woody Harrelson? Is that you? 
When people look like their pets. 😍
He look fairly young to know so little about technology 
Is your dad Jesse James?
Is your dad chubby Woody Harrelson?
Why does your dad look like the love child of Woody Harrelson and an oval
Your dad looks vaguely similar to Rub Dukes from Exodus. Cool photo. 
Hat-dawg
Haaat-daaaawwg
Alone in the world was a little hat-dawg
His scar is so cool!!! Total badass, the dog compliments it nicely. 
u/notshaggythemoshdog  come back to Reddit I miss you
Worth the wait!
[deleted]
English mastiff? I have one with a fawn coat too :)
Yeah, we've been seeing these "my parent finally figured out their smartphone" posts for 10 years now. There is no way you're going to convince me anyone below 60 is using a smartphone for the first time in 2018. Also, front cameras are usually not hard to figure out. This particular dad moreover looks pretty young (50s, maybe 60s tops, hard to tell with the dog on his face). So I'm sorry, not buying the whole dad story. 

Just tell us you're posting a weird selfie of your father, uncle or - most likely - yourself to Reddit. But Reddit is like a well trained dog: A smart title can make thousands of people upvote your post. It's incredible. 

EDIT: okay people, I didn't want to sound like a total dick. And thanks for the cool headed replies below (no sarcasm). 

I just find it a pity that every picture nowadays needs some kind of wholesome or sad story. The picture is funny on itself and that should be enough.
Im not sure why but your fathers face resembles me Woody Harrelson
Pretty old to just have figured out how to use the front camera
Your dad must have really long arms 
Solid
Glorious 
Dem food lips.
And what a good one it was. +1 for snuggle pup. 
The joy and happiness in their faces after discovering how to use the front camera is unmistakable. Yep. Happy happy joy joy 
Your dad is a quick learner. Best front facing photo I've seen this month
“Dog hat”😂
TIL jouel hats are quite fashionable
Your dad looks like an certain actor who often plays the role of a bad guy. I can't remember his name.
Is this the hat he wore to the royal wedding?
It's a hat, it's a brooch, it's a pterodactyl!
Is this TODD with two boxers in Texas? If so I used to walk his dogs! 
I guess woody harrelson found more twinkies
Pupper wants love and attention. I would have loved to see a video of the dog getting up there in the first place. 
He looks like my dad. Hope he isn’t a Stephen. 
That is definitely an r/squishypuppers!
This is the kind of A+ quality content that the internet should have been created for. 
My folks are 72. Still don’t text 
next tf2 hat? 
Looks like your dad's flight had a stopover on the Brain Slug Planet.
I think your dad has it all figured out.
That’s awesome!
It's Fred Flintstone! 
The best!
This photo is great. Enjoy the upvote. 
I like his hat 
Doggo and daddio
Tell your dad that he has great taste in hats.
The selfie game is strong with this one.
The eyes on that man. No homo.
already a master
Your dad replaced his hair with drool 

Think about the drool 

My god just your head covered in drool 

Cute dog 


But the *drool*
Looks like they both worked really hard to figure it out
Lol
frame this please 
So cute
How do i remove this sub from my feed?
When owners look like their animals lol jk. Boxers are a fun dog to own
For the love of god explain the SCAR!
Your dads beard looks oddly like a middle aged white man
Doggo drool... best hair-growth tonic known to man
Your dad seems awesome. 
Nice Ideco Home Wallpaper - Stone Sand Stone - A17203.
Jesus Woody, you really let yourself go...
Nice hat! Does it stay on when its windy?
hi
Begone thought
Clearly that's a wig. 
thought it was hair at first
Your dad is great !
I have a cane corso mastiff and the first thing I noticed in the picture were the big ole cheeks on that dog. Which also means that it must hold a gallon of water after the pooch is done drinking. Must follow with towel at all times haha
Is your dad Woody Harrelson?
I can’t tell where the dog ends and dad begins
Your dad looks like he’s seen some things. He’s the kind of guy who survives when his plane goes down in a zombie apocalypse after a nuclear war.
He's like Thanos but with the chin on the head.
Which ones your dad?
The black muzzle kinda made your dad look like he had a pompodour for a minute!
Boxers are the best! My family has always owned a boxer. They’re wonderful 
he's really cute, I may even wanna take him home and cuddle with him. Oh yeah, so is the dog.
Rofl came here to say what the top comment already says.
Haha, literally every boxer ever!
Your dad has a cool scar.  
Love it ! 😂
Dad wuvs dat dawg.
***Jowls.***
.....am everywhere 
He's not just figured out how to use the front camera really though has he. Let's be honest.
Cool he learned to take selfies.

Who's the guy under his jowls?
The Beast!
I gotta ask cause your dad looks kinda familiar to me. Does he support Manchester United? Is this dog called Trafford? 
Your dad looks like that guy from that movie 
What kind of wall/stone would you call that? Only ever seen something like that on the exterior or as a backsplash
Nice wall treatment. Is that his residence? Links to the product? I want to install an accent wall just like that.
I like his hat
TIL what woody harrelson + john goodman's offspring would look like. 

Also, you're dad's got himself one adorable, jowly boy. :)


R/squishypuppers
Your dad has a sick forehead scar, and I’m being honest 
Let’s focus on the movie, people
Just a dad being a dad
95 thesis
Gru is the most powerful being in the universe, and here’s why: according to the height of a Minion (which is 3.5 feet on average) Gru is 4 minions tall, which means he is a godly size of 14 feet tall.   Second if any of you remember the original Despicable Me, you Know there is a scene when Vector kidnaps the three girls and shoots a series of heat-seeking misses at Gru, he then dodge them all. According to the speed of an average ballistic missile (1900 mph) and the size of the missile according to his ankle size, Gru can perceive and move at such a speed that the missiles only move 9.5 miles per hour, 0.5% of their original speed.   Plus after this Gru punches a shark and it is paralyzed meaning its spine is probably shattered, to remind you it would require a force greater than 3,000 newtons to fracture the spine. That’s equal to the impact created by a 500-pound car crashing into a wall at 30 miles per hour. I rest my case.
He should quit now. I don't think he could possibly take a more perfect picture.
This is an awesome picture! 
Drooling head!... drooling head!...
Boxers are the best.
That's awesome!
Merle Dixon?
Who is he resting his head on?
Why does this guy look like he is sponsoring me in the hunger games?
Thats fucking adorable what a lad
Ur dad is Woody harrelson? 
The amount of empty space in this picture is killing me.
That's a good picture. Thanks for posting it
Perfect!
Your dad is a huge dude.
This is so cute and slobbery 
I love it!
Is your dad John Goodman
Where's that dogs hat?
Looks like the dog's face is melting
boxers are the best
Why is this story showing up for everything I click on the main page?
You guys must be 13. Your dad is young.
Nice hat
That's a lousy hairpiece. 
Wow.
Your dad has a pet human!
the goodest of boys
Awesome selfie 😍
Is your dad woody harrelson 
Great Jowls of Fire.
Boxers are the best dogs.
Love the pic. Also, your dad looks like Woody Harrelson after a bad divorce.
He looks like that guy from rampart
Aww hes a cutie pie!
I want to upvote this so any times! ❤😀
Papa coming out swinging with his first selfie!
the pupster is melting....look at face....
wait a minute

that looks just like my kitchen

wot

the only difference is the picture near the top
Sweet dog on head! Cute!
At least he has a head of hair up there...
your dad is woody Harrelson????

Edit: spelling
So much squish.
Its Woody in 15
This is a wholesome version of that pic of the girl wearing her boyfriends foreskin like a hat 
Your dad is hot 
Boxers are the best. 
I can't tell which is more endearing: The fact that your dad was so excited that he learned how to use the front camera or his cute buddy, or both.
Is your dad Woody Harilson?
Its good to see woodie harrelson have a good relationship with a dog
They're good boyes
Wow ol Woody has really let himself go
Is your dad named Phil Blart and his he a Mall Cop?
Personally, I prefer Shar-Pei Toupées.

&nbsp;

Slightly less drool.
That’s nasty imo
Your dad and dog have that thing where they look like one another, the longer I look the more I see it, can someone swap their faces please?
Your dad looks like Woody Harrelson
good way to cover a bald spot
Your dad looks like my dad with a doggo hat
Your dad is Woody Harrelson??
I though it said "My dog just figured out..."  I couldn't figure out how the dog was holding the phone. 
Aww he’s so cute!
But whats that thing on his head?

Your dad is Woody Harrelson 
This is so pure ❤️
Is your dad woody harrelson?
Is your dad Woody Harrelson?
Your dad looks like an Oklahoma man
He may be your father. But he's also your daddy. 
Thanks for sharing the picture of your father’s dog. That dog has a person under him. 
Just want to come by and say, i have the exact same wallpaper as your dad lol. 
Your dad figured out technology really fast! 
Boxers are the best!
Boxers are the best! My girl passed away 2 years ago and I miss her so much. They are amazing companions, so loyal. She was as dumb as they come, but so loving and affectionate that it never mattered to us. 
Do you like my hat? I do like your hat! To the dog party!
Made my day 🤣😂
Hahaha, that's awesome!
Of course it's a dog with big jowls.

Source: boxer owner
Your dad has a nice chin rest 
The best picture.
Boxer dog!
Hahahhahahahahhahah
Omg he looks just like my boxer named dexter
Woody
Did your Dad happen to be in Zombieland on a quest for Twinkies?
A worthy first photo indeed.
He probably figured it out just because of the adorable mutt on his head!
Starlord must be happy his dad is alive!
I can totally tell he's wearing a rug.
You dad is hot !
Very fetching
Sweet!❤️
I trust these guys.
Kinda looks like Thanos 
Awhhhh reminds me of the bestest goodboy I ever had. Boxers are the best! 
your dad looks like a civilized elpresador 
So cute! We have two boxers and they are awesome dogs!!
Made me smile, thank you
People really do look like their pets!
That dog is cute
Looking good. The best picture I've ever seen in my life. 
Most adorable picture ever.
That looks like it feels really good. 
Best friend keeping his head warm. Best friend indeed
fat woody harrelson lmao
Cant tell if your dog has a really big head or your dads head is just small?
Is your dad Woody Harrelson?
My mom said that is the awesomest picture ever
nice hat
Doghat

Beauteous! 🖤
Time to get some dog treats and prepare for a slobber makeover.
Is your dad woody Harrison 
where did you get that scar?
Thats a good puppers. Obviously the sun was to bright on humans head.
Bloody brilliant.  😆👌
Boxers are the best.
Looks like he wants to talk about Rampart tbh
That looks comfy.
I love boxers
So now you know why he wanted to use that feature of the camera. Pretty adorable, I must say.
Instant hair transplant!
Your dad looks like a badass
Fathers and technology. Always amuse me. It's fun, though. 

Damn your dad is young af, you must be 13
That is the perfect first picture to take. The doggo definitely thought so hahaha.
The supplest hat one can wear.
He looks like Haymitch
WTF he looks just like my dad! But just if he gained a few more pounds.

I mean if he was side by side with my dad, everyone would think they were twins xD
Thats a nice stone veneer work on the wall!
Megalicks
He might be teaching the dog. LMAO. You never know what these old people are upto.
Is your dad Woody Harrelson ?
Is this Woody Harrelson from the future?
Your dad looks like Woody Harrelson if he never started acting 
Has your dad ever been to uruguay? 
I've seen a lot of dad's in my time and that sure is one 
Is that Woody Harilson?
Best first picture ever!!!
Looks like Randy Quaid
I’m not usually a fan of the middle part, but he pulls it together nicely
Looks like a bull/French mastiff
Is your dad Woody Harrelson’s fat brother? 
Plot twist: OP is a boxer 
Is your dad Michael Rooker?
Dad's are the best :)
Doghat.jpg
Does the hat come in a darker shade? Perhaps a mahogany brown? 
Oh shit its Thanos
That's a dork dog...and the Boxer is cute, too.
#Praise be to the newest Champion of Reddit, u/RickyMEME!

[Let us not forget the Champions of yore...](https://www.reddit.com/r/ChampionsOfReddit/)
Your dad is chubby Woody Harrelson
A good bad to keep your head warm, all lick the nits if you got hair
I didn't know your dad was Woody Harrelson 
Wet cap of jowls
This did make me laugh. What a goofball dog. :) your Dad must have a great time with him. 
Is it safe?
A guy with a dog. And 80k. strange.
I read this as “my dog has just figured out how to use the front camera”

I thought it was an insult. 


What’s the problem? Looks fine to me.  
You should post this in Photoshop Battles. I'm sure your Pops will enjoy what these wacky Redditors come up with.
Woody Harrelson let himself go a bit between movies.
That dog, picture is worth a thousand texts
Rogain is dope 
I love boxers, they have such a loving, goofy personality. Their muzzles are a disgusting slime factory though.
Your dad is chubby Woody Harrelson
This is so pure
OMG
Your dad is a chubby Woody Harrelson.
What a great head warmer!
Your dad looks like Woody Harrelson's big brother
Woody harrelson??
They’re both adorable. 

The only boxer I ever met was at a party where I really didn’t know anyone - it was my then-husband’s coworkers, and this boxer was the only dog there. I kept talking to him and petting him as he made the rounds, socializing, and after about an hour he came back and just climbed up into my lap. It was so sweet. I’ve wanted a boxer ever since. 
Your dad is woody Harrelson???
Dogat
Solid. 
Woody Harrelson has gained some weight
You deserve all of this karma
r/rarepuppers
Woody Harrelson with little extra lumber round the cheeks (nohomo)
Is that Woody Harrelson?
He will have a hat time topping that...
and who's that guy below him?
I'm fairly sure that's not his natural hair.
Such a sweet photo. 
Good to know - that sucks. I’m sorry you lost your buddy so soon.
Couldn't really got a better photo, this is lovely 
your dad looks like a slightly bigger Woody Harrelson
How come that @OP has only 21K karma on his profile but this post has already more than 100 K upvotes???
It's turner and hootch!
Put this in /r/photoshopbattles and then show your Dad.
It looks like Woody Harrelson and John Goodman had a baby
Guess no one ever taught him to leave some room for improvement.
Good boy ensuring a moisturized scalp.
Is that a baby picture of OP on the wall
Adorable boxer!
That dogs beard looks like a human face
your dad looks like a fat Woody Harrelson 
Best picture ever!! Dad's hat is cute😀😁
Spoiler alert: this is what they’re sending for baldness in those HIMS boxes 
This is so wholesome. 
Nice scar.
Uncanny
Why is your dad resting on a human?
Your dad looks and sounds like an idiot.
You're all fucking idiots for upvoting this shit. 
Wow so cute. Good pic
Kinda looks like Jesse James. ...
