Tried with my dogs yesterday. Neither of them cared at all. Not even the slightest bit. 
I did this to my puppy, he calmly got up and walked up to where I was hiding. Tried it a second time and he jumped on the sheet to stop me.
I’m going to be trying this on my dogs later.
[deleted]
I did this. My dog did not react. Part of me was like “aw he doesn’t love me”. Then another part of me was like “nawww, he just knows I wouldn’t disappear on him like that.” 
That double take
Is this a deep fried gif?
That dog learned the double take from [Patrick Stewart](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFMrBldVk0s)
Hey that’s my dog and hey that’s me and hey I finally made the front page of reddit and I didn’t even post it!!!

[Proof!](https://m.imgur.com/gallery/L9R7QY4)
[removed]
In many of these videos, you can see that the dog is not fooled in the slightest.

This is one of the best reactions I have seen.
"Yeah, yeah Dave. I know you're behind the sheet, you don't have to keep showing m-- HOLY SHIT! Where'd he go?!" - The Dog, probably. 
 Think I’m gonna start a magic business

But the only clients will be dogs 
This is the best doggo vahmoosh I’ve seen to date! 
And the dog goes "Wut"
You got any more of them pixels ?
Lol that’s awesome 
I tried this with my dog and he ran away
i swear that dog's fur looks like a clip-art brain
I thought this was a new meme. Why is this video deteriorating so fast?
“MASTER!?!?!”
r/deepfriedgifs
That's fantastic
NANI?!
how do you deep fry a gif?
r/braves Chop on, kois! 
I can literally hear the dog saying:

"What is it human?"

"Right, show us another of your impressive tricks..."

"WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK??"

"This mofo must be playing me I gotta check it for myself"
Straight up Magic
Filmed with the new Samsung Potato.
This clip looks like something from 1990’s.
I just watched this about 20-30 times, work can wait! 
Freaking hilarious 
Video link?
This is some AFV video quality 
I'm losing my shit at work. This is like weakening in the muscles funny.
Tried this trick on my wife a month ago. Got the opposite reaction I wanted. So disappointed that I never revealed my location.
It’s obviously fake. That dog way overreacted. He needs to go back to acting school 1/10
[https://www.usagenericus.com/2018/06/life-quotes.html](https://www.usagenericus.com/2018/06/life-quotes.html)
I doubt this will work on any dog. 

Poodles are incredibly smart. Anyone that has owned a regular, chill dog and had a poodle after  will understand this. To be honest, I was frightened when I discovered how intelligent they responded, almost human-like. Very very needy though.. 

If anyone tried it on a Border Collie or German Shepherd , please share your results :)
Was this filmed in 1987?
Anyone got a source on this? I am 50/50 on knowing who this is randomly but this poor quality is killing me
These never get old.  Also, Go Braves!
[deleted]
I can imagine dogs talking about this at dog parks
This is fucking adorable as hell
This wouldn't work for me. Once I go behind the blanket my dog will immediately run to find me. 
My dad disappeared under a towel once when I was 11 years old. I haven't seen him since then and I'm 30 years old.
I hate this title 
Unlike the Harlem Shake, these keep getting better and better!
The dog looks like deep fried chicken 
I love that doing magic tricks for dogs is a thing now. 
These will always be funny to me
Needs more jpeg
Did someone put this gif through a fucking microwave? 
this was literally recorded on a potato 
A genuine double take. Very impressive. 
Jeebus, I think that dog’s neck broke
“WTF. Dad!!”
I wanna try this with my dog. I love how this one reacted. As if he knew something wasn't right with what just happened.
Is that dog made out of Ramen noodles?
This is my favorite one of these so far
I want to do this to my cats, but I think they would probably be happy if I disappeared.
Looks like Doug DeMuro
Did this to my dog, I also his under the blanket on my bed. It pissed her off so bad, she dug me out and proceeded to tell me off for five minutes for my shenanigans.... It didn't stop me from doing it again. 
I tried this on my 2 dogs and they didn't give a single shit. 

Anyone got a mirror that isn't this i.redd.it trash?
You mean that mop?
S H A R P N E S S 1 0 0
This dog just saw walks, fetch, dinner, belly rubs, and poop chauffeur flash before his eyes
r/shittytumblrgifs
Honestly i find it amazing that the dog has that kinda spacial reasoning to notice he is gone. I find animal psychology fascinating!
"Okay Dad, I know, Dad...DAD! I'm coming , hold on"
"Where the %#+! is my food source????!!!!"
I can hear “wtf” very loudly 
Yeabut. This is a Poodle and 2nd in smarts only to the Border Collie. Do some digging and see what the dogs can do with very little training

My aunt and uncle always had them and when I was a kid they had two always working in tandem. When I stayed I would walk them and one dog would bring his lease and other *my* coat when they wanted walkies.... and were famous for waiting for the dryer to stop then pop the door and drag out their blankets all warm. 

We'd go to the lake cabin for cuppla days about 3 hour ride and the dogs new every bump and turn and regular pit stop, looking up and out the window 3 miles before 

This here is no ordinary dog. As lot smarter than the Prez
My dog is so dumb the trick didn't work, he didn't think anything was amiss, he just smelled where I went and followed me there.
Poodles walk that fine line between genius and stupidity 
A few years back when my cats were kittens. I would stare at them and then hide behind an object. They would come running, looking for me. Scared that i was gone. As they catch me, they would bump their head against my leg as a sign of effection. 

Unfortunately now i can't fool them anymore as they know i'm just hiding.  
that dog got 🅱️am🅱️oozled 
This clip looks like something from 1990’s.
Why does this video look deep fried
I just stopped what I was doing and tried this on my cat. He walked over to the blanket and smelled it. I giggled at him and it scared him so much he jumped a good foot in the air. I feel guilty now. 
Looks like a Standard Poodle. 

Not surprising that s/he is shocked and goes to investigate, those are supposed to be the smartest of dog breeds. Rivalling the intelligence of young humans. 

Edit to add: Also, please post in r/poodles
It's cool they were doing this trick back in the early 70s. 
object persistence game strong AF
Ahahahahahaha
Shook
actually though, where did he go?
r/youseeingthisshit
Looks like the dog just saw some shit go down
doggo's brain exploded
/u/stabbot take the shake out of the shooken pupper

Edit: aww, good bot is banned. https://gfycat.com/PepperyEntireInchworm
He ain't a crook son. He's just a shook one. 
/r/braves
Go Braves!
Can someone be original and do that trick on babies or toddlers for video please
Although he had the shooketh taken out of him I love the way he jumps up to find dad
I've never heard *shooketh* before but it is wonderful and I will try to use it several times this week.
Dog S-H-O-O-K.
I love this wholesome trend lately!
haha that's hysterical.  

/r/likeus
From the dog's perspective, this is completely rational.
🤣🤣
I can't wait to try this with my crew. 
Ultra Cute!!  
It really made this day a little better.
TIL This is officially a thing now.
r/GIFsThatEndTooSoon 
Drop fried Pup
I tried this with my dog the other day after a recent gif.

She found me within about five seconds 
I did this with my dog all the time it was so fun. RIP Buddy
Is that dog made of spaghetti-o’s?
“Well hecc”
Not really the most grammatically correct usage of shooketh
I got so tickled!😂😂
It seems like everyone and their dog is trying this now...
Anyone have links to the other similar gifs?
I don't think I could ever get tired of these, I lol so hard each time. Dogs are just the greatest.
Dude done that dog a heckin bamboozle
I thought this was a deep fried meme
seen permutations of this throughout but this dog seems smarter than all the others; Immediately notices he dissappeared (vs blank stare) and goes to look at it instead of freaking out and looking at the camera man for cues
"Yes Brian, I get it. You like that sheet. Brian. Oh my god I don't get how many times you can- HEY WAIT A FUCKING SECOND"
That's the best reaction yet. 
My dog is too dumb to notice. 
Reminds me of when i play hide and seek with my dog 
Or it was the noise of him jumping out of frame that got the dogs attention to check on him.
It’s so deep fried
This is the best one so far
This was posted yesterday. Are you serious dude?
damn bro nice pixels
That 2010 video quality 
For a second I thought his was a deep fried meme
I want to do this with my dog but if I'm sitting there shaking a blanket or towel like that in front of him, he's definitely just going to attack the blanket before I can pull off the amazing magic trick.
Bamboozled!
/u/imersial
Is it fucked up when your dog doesn't react? I feel like mine are used to me disappearing for a while :(
My family has the same colour standard poodle and I just can’t imagine her being rattled even a little bit by this 
Funny but was this shot on a potato camera? 
I always look at things with an eye of "that was fake, or that was setup".  I hate gifs because what if someone in the same room the guy was in just had an airhorn that he triggered when the guy disappeared?  What if I'm just a miserable person looking for ways to bring down a gif that made me smile the first time I looked at it?  What if all of the above?
Can dogs not smell and hear anymore?
The dog was like, say whhhaaaat!
shooketh
r/youseeingthisshit
Great
I usually don’t respond, just upvote. Guess I won’t anymore. BTW I’m not a hard core reddit person, so my reddit rating doesn’t matter to me 
Wow that’s crazy! I’ve seen monkeys get shocked by magic, I never thought a dog would react this way .
!!Rrarree?!
Wtf is this title
I need to see more of these kinds of videos!!+

Anyone got an url for a compilation?
Didn't one of the other top posts on r/all today or yesterday talk about how this is one of the smartest dog breeds
WOW VERY COOL YES 
Deep fried doggo?
I can't be the only one that thought it was Ajit Pai, right?
Ok that is the best reaction I have seen yet. 
Search #whatthefluffchallenge on Instagram 
This dog did a perfect double take!
What startled him was probably the loud thud of the owner eating it when he disappeared
I honestly think that this reaction from the dog is more likely due to the sudden noise of the person scrambling away then it is from them thinking the human has disappeared. A dog's sense of hearing is ridiculous, do you really think they can't tell you're still there? 
The dog must have been like, what dafuq?
I've seen a lot of these lately and it would be fun to try on my dog but if I even went behind the blanket he would come barreling at me. Sometimes he's no fun 
r/animalsthatlovemagic
I have never seen a head movement so perfectly embody the phrase "WHAT THE FUCK?!" 
Lol. That was a good one
Bamboozled 
I feel like if I tried this on my dog, it wouldn't give a shit until it became hungry.
 Think my cat would be a lot more concerned than my dog
/r/titlegore
My dog would snatch the blanket and refuse to give it up.
“How am I going to get fed? Better find him”
r/deepfriedgifs
What is this godawful filter / prehistoric phone camera. 
Do this right before you go on deployment
MRW I get ghosted.
I'm pretty freaked out, myself.
This was the best! 😂 
*insert potato camera meme*
The dogs fur looks like KFC chicken skin. 
I feel a dogs vs sheets sub coming on...
The ear flip is priceless 🤣🤣
Standard poodles are scary smart!
Poodles are smart and curious dogs, for all those folks trying this with there pup and it not working.
We're not just deep-frying memes anymore are we? 
Is this a repost from the 90s
What the WHAT
Don't try this with your cat. Your illusions will be shattered.
tutorial please
"Doggie doggie what now??" - Mr. Peanutbutter
No.Fucking.Way!
Goodboi or goodgrrl got that object permanence down!



Needs more jpeg 
Nice 
Dogs are so easy to entertain
This is fucking adorable as hell
Poodle bamboozle
Dog reacts like how guards react in MGS1 when discovered
Oh my god, I feel sad for him :( 
Dogs been watching Patrick Stewart.
/r/youseeingthisshit
This is because poodles are smart as shit
Little known fact I invented shooketh
Seeing these never get old, crack up everytime.
“Oh, he’s just being weird.”

_disappears_

NANI
Nice potato recorder. Wtf 
WHATTHEWHAT!!!??
Ain't no such things as halfway crooks.
I like how apathetic he was at the beginning. “What a stupid game. WHAT THE—“
Shooketh isn’t a thing anymo
HUBBAWHA?!
Shaggy?!
"Ugh fuck me, Steve"..........."Fuck. Steve?"
What the frick - dog 
Omg that hair flip!! I cannot stop watching this!! Good show!!!
Doing this pup a heck 'n concern! 
I absolutely love these. 
“Who will tell me I’m a good boy now!?”
Sooooo funny
If I had a dollar for every pixel in this gif I’d have 75¢. 
Its a remake
Stop teasing your fucking animals , they don't know assholes, they think Thanos got you
Every time I see one of these I can't help but think that this is why my dog freaks out every time you hide your face under a blanket. 
"What da??!!"
reminds me of shook one
HA HA HA HA this is the best one I've seen yet
Got so surprised his ear flipped over!!
ohhh... does he really disappear? 
Awww it's a Poodle!!!!! 
That double take is the cutest thing I’ve seen all week. 😭
This actually made me laugh out loud... and that's no easy feat. Funny stuff.
That dog looks like uncooked ramen.
r/scriptedwhitepeoplegifs lol
This dog is a better actor then Johnny Depp 
Aah I wish my dog was still around so I could try this :(

He was such a big, silly, idiot. He’d probably have just tried to eat the blanket the whole time
That is super cute.  Wonder what's going through that baby's head! Lol
N-NANI?
"buh huh wha?!"
I did this very trick when I was dating my wife. Towl at the end of the bed, and just ducked out of site. She loved it!
hurt my dog!!!
Well this pup won my heart!
Is that Ajit Pai?
What kind of doggo is this? 
This challenge is so cute 
what  a smart 
Mmm... fried chicken...
I can’t stop watching this. This made me laugh a lot. 
It’s obviously fake. That dog way overreacted. He needs to go back to acting school 1/10
"I don't know much, but I know what I know and I KNOW that that shit ain't right"
Definitely trying this with my dog!
One of the best of these I've seen yet.
hello every body

I have something real unique for dog training 

if you are interested in just comment and I will inbox you
Doggo was so bored at first 
 Is there a sub dedicated to this specific kind of dog prank?
That pooch literally did the Scooby-Doo Double take, Ruh Ro!
I don’t understand this.

Dogs are known to have an incredible sense for smelling stuff.

So how can they not detect that the spurce of the smell has moved?


Dogs have a 3rd eye for super natural stuff..
We need a sub for this shit
where's muh hooman?
Shot on an original samsung galaxy.
I find this facinating actually because this clearly shows that dog understood what looks what happened and that it shouldn't happen i.e. he shouldn't just disappear like that from thin air. It's quite interesting.
This, this is the best one
"Zoinks!"
“What the bitch?!” Kind of reaction 
“Never again Dave, never again” 
Can someone help me find the original gif? I tried doing a reverse search but because it's using reddits thing it doesn't work.
Love it
Damn that Quality
Where did he go? 
Even he was amazed
In all of these the dogs can hear their steps.
Jeez that is the most deep fried camera I've seen on a normal subreddit 
You can almost hear him saying "Whut da hey!!?!"
What the what
r/youseeingthisshit 
[https://www.usagenericus.com/2018/06/life-quotes.html](https://www.usagenericus.com/2018/06/life-quotes.html)
best reaction ever!
This is my favourite internet trend.
How much were you surprised? I have understood well that he was shocked.
This literally does not ever get old.
Was this filmed on a GameBoy
I wonder if the dog thinks the owner disappeared, or if they actually aren't fooled and know the owner had to go off in one of the possible directions. We may never know.
My dog didn't give a shit he just went to sleep
How to win massive amounts of karma.
I'll be goddamned!
All the pixels got shooketh
Why does the dog's skin looks like KFC extra crispy tender...「(°ヘ°) 🤔
Go Braves!!
where did hooman go?
Glory to Satan. 

That upvote and comment perfection. https://imgur.com/gallery/tFiElUk
First one I saw where the dogs reaction is instant. Also, was this shot with a toaster? 
“WAEUGH?!”
Another generic response. My aussie was like "why did you throw that sheet in the air and run around the corner? It's dinner time bitch" 
Few dogs as smart as the poodle, unfortunately also as ugly
Wow lovely dog.
"Wat..?? Human gone! Must find.."
This is some AFV video quality 
KFC Doggo do a fright
WHAT.. THE.. F.. 
Is that fucking Steve-O? 
"You seeing this shit?!" 
"Holy fuck!"
"Arf! (High pitched)"
"To the rescue!"
W

It's try this but my dog is never that far from me. "hooman got up. I get up. Dur duh-dur." - my black lab, probably. 
"They laughed at me when I told them I wanted to make a magic show exclusively for dogs."
Why is this HDR++++++++++ ?
DOGGY DOGGY WHAT NOW!!!
I've watched this so many times and can't stop laughing.
This pupp got shook the hardest. Lmao. Poor thing. 
bahahaha
That dog did a fucking A-one double take 
Y’all need to stop this shit lol 
YAY BRAVES!!
“Doggy doggy what, now?!”
Doggy doggy what now?
That’s one crispy gif. Or is it just because the dog looks like delicious fried chicken?
Wtf where is my human?!? I should have microchipped him!
Low on karma? Repeat video
Doggy doggy what now!!?!?
Witchcraft! Burn the witch!
"oh Gregg...this game aga....WHA WhA!?"
“Very haha Greg. You are making me embarrassed. WHAT THE FRICK blanket you took my friend!”
Did they use vhs for this video? 
#StayWoof!
r/animalsthatlovemagic
Dog- “Da fuck...”
Best yet!
A poodle will figure that shit out
Go braves!
There needs to be a subreddit for these.

That dog ain’t fraid o no ghost.
To his coreth.
Why does this gif look like a photograph from the 80's?
[removed]
“Deep fried chicken is shocked to see magic man disappearing. The same man left to go call another dog a good boye”
Doggo:  What the what?!
What a beautiful poodle 
I’ve seen several of these, but never one where it looked like the dog actually fell for it. This is possibly a major scientific break through. Gonna go saw my gf in half and see what our cat thinks right now. 
What the fluff!!
The Poodle got bamboozled! 
Was this gif created using Betamax?
What I love about those is that it'll never get old for the dogs on the first try cuz they can't see what other dogs are going through on the internet
[Here is the original video I made into a GIF for everybody’s pleasure!](https://giphy.com/gifs/SGmStRl8XLVOW8lc2p/html5)
Doggo does a mind freak
😂 
“NANI?!”
Best video thus far. 
Was this recorded with a bottle of olive oil?
"can't believe my eyes!"
Is that a dog? 
Dog: Here we go again...you never gonna get it.  

Dog: Waiting and leaning.  

Dog: Wuff Tuff Fuff!   
Shooknt 😂
Una ternura va en busca del mago. Que chevere..jajajajaa. como se llama tu mascota.
My brain literally played the Scooby Doo double take 'Baroo?!!' for that...
I really want to try this with my dog but he's blind :( 

I need to borrow someone's dog. 
Dog looketh like some heckin good fried chicken 🐔
Are you really able to trick the dogs like this? Dont they have very accurate smells so they know ur still somwhere in the house hiding and not actually vanished?
Now that we hoomans all get the joke, dogs are our next prank victims. If dogs had phones, we'd be seeing this prank continue - fido to fido. 
good
this is what having more sense of object permanence than trump looks like
Literally gazing so lovingly then the WHAT THE FRICK FRACK hit home 
I’m like this at the magic show every time! EVERY TIME!!!
Me dag would just have sex with the blanket.  Best five seconds that rag ever had.  
Confused Dog
These reactions will never get old, dogs are beautiful.
UWOTM8
Video link?
 I'm going to try this on my dog haha
I want to try this but I live alone with my dog. Can one of you come over and help me with the camera and sheets?
I got shocked. This is one of the best executions of this trick. Nice job 
Needs more deep frying
I never get tired of watching the dog's reaction. So funny!!
That's only the 100th time he did that
The dog's reaction is funny af!
This is the best one of these so far.
Dogs everywhere suffering ptsd from abandonment issues now
 

Tried with my dogs yesterday. Neither of them cared at all. Not even the slightest bit.
Haha i like this game!
Dogs are so fucking stupid, and I love that about them 
/r/animalsthatlovemagic
The quality of this video got me shooketh 
My pupper just perked her ears up and gave us the head-tilt
Haha
This is fucking adorable as hell
The fucking backwards ear after he jumps up, I’m crying 😂
sorry this is such a downer, but I wish my dog was still alive so I could try this. I think my brother tried one time and she didn't care :/ it's probably about the hype before the trick 😁
[Mind Blown](https://media.giphy.com/media/xn5nef4x8N02I/giphy.gif).
[removed]
Roll Tide
Roll Tide
Stop it people. Stop scaring your puppers. I laugh, and then I cry. 
I got shooketh because I thought that was Ajit Pai with the blanket
