Behold the birth of dogosaurus rex.
The little stabilizing paddles though 😁
Dog: So tired... can't go on. Good bye cruel world. This is the end for me......

*3 Seconds Later*

Dog: Oh uh, nevermind.
[Here's a dog realizing you can float in a pool](https://i.imgur.com/H2YYV8e.gifv)
He's burdened by the knowledge that his doggo brethren do not know this secret
That look.😁

"I

AM

HUMAN."
His face when he realized is priceless 
I love the little hands 
[removed]
I work with Tina, the owner of this dog, his name is Cody! And sadly has more Instagram followers than any of us
I’m really drunk but I can’t stop laughing at this 
Dog bless this sweet swimmy boy
Dog is clearly looking up and pausing at something being held over his head, you can see the shadow
"Well I'll be damned."
He’s like “oh... oh this isn’t so bad”

Attention.  The gif does not show the good boye getting the treat. Pitchforks. Let's go.
S m a r t  b o i figured it out. (ノ^o^)ノ
Dog.
Sir I think there’s a dinosaur in your pool
We are witnessing evolution... or a dog who is really focused on a ball or hotdog
Just 20 minutes a day and he’ll have the hip mobility of a dolphin, and you’ll be sitting there looking like a FOOL.
I've seen this post so many times before T_T
"All dinosaurs feared the T-rex."
Looks like a dog focused on a treat or toy to me...
This is how evolution happens
Now that's a gif I've not seen in a long time, a long time. 
Is this 2009
Man, I love swimming! But my legs are getting tired, I'm just gonna let's them drop a... oh?...OH! I can sit? I'll sit!
Never seen a dog do that. Thanks for sharing!
I'm not sure I've ever seen a dog look this confused. Big goofball.
Look... he thinks he's people!
I feel like this is reposted every month 
clever girl.
I am Zen master.  I am poet. I am Dogen.  Dooooogen.  Dogen. 
I sunk a backyard pool into my backyard for my old Weimaraner (and kids, I tell my wife for the kids) when he was fifteen. I'd take him in the lake since he hit twelve but we have gators and they aren't always little guys. I made concrete steps I could leave in the water and set them up so he could get in and out on his own putting a putting a potted avocado tree by the steps. The first time I took him in he just jumped for it out of excitement and wiped out on the steps and fell in flipping over. He was ok and once he realized there were steps, steps he could sit on and have his head just outside the water. He had the most serene and relaxed look on his face. Now that it's summer he paws at the door to go out and I'll sit on the back porch while he's enjoying his five to ten minute soak (he's fallen asleep in the pool while I've been power napping on my floatie and then get's startled and splashes about) before he comes in. It's our morning ritual. He pees, goes in for a soak. We sit on the porch while I work so he can dry off. If I go in with him he'll do a little swimming and occasionally walk on his hind legs in the water. Then after he dries off it's time for his fourteen hours of napping.
oldest repost ever.
I’m pretty sure this is a step in a dogs evolution 
/r/likeus
Do not mess with me, human. I have discovered powers hitherto only dreamed of.
Is this 2009
When my dog was younger and first started swimming he wouldn’t actually swim, just walk on his hind legs until it got too deep then turn around. 

Took him awhile to figure out doggy paddling lol
Look hooman! I can hooman too!!
Good buoy
Probably one of the best posts I've seen ever honestly. This is why I'm here. 
this dog looks like michael caine at the end of Batman
"T-rex mode; ACTIVATE!"
Aw such a good boy
GAME CHANGER!!!
Love it. Wish i was there too
thats just a dog learning how i dance.
*F I S H B O Y E*
Seems I could watch this over and over... the paws, the balancing and the face! Extraordinary
Welcome to jurassic bork
I love this dog. 
I had a pool guy once tell me that a dog in the pool was like 30 people being in the pool in terms of how dirty they leave it.  That was his reasoning for why he had to come by daily and clean this former Astros player’s pool. 

Any pool guys here want to refute that?  
r/thisismylifenow
[removed]
Never seen a dog turn into a kangaroo before.
I needed this today :)
This defies all doggie logic.
Clearly a human in dog clothes 🐶 
The dog was like "Holy crap.. this is what it feels like to be like the human"
My dog has been doing this for 8 years. He thinks he's people.
Vertical boye 
I started laughing at this and my dog made a judgmental noise.... I'm pretty sure it was directed at me.
Master has given Dobby pool. 
I don’t get how some people allow their dogs to swim in the pool, they probably piss and you breath their hair smell  their ass in the water damn lol
The tranquility on his face...
Their face LOL 
Bullshit. Even as cute as this Is. the dog is responding to commands. Reddit gold is more important than truth. I am a cynical ass. 
Made me smile right away! Love it!! 
Definitely following that person's commands but still cool.
You can see a shadow flick across his face towards the end. I believe that's someone giving the hand signal command for him to stand.
Watch owners shadow and dogs eyes
Awww. This is adorable. My dog is terrified of anything water (he will drink out of a bowl but that's it), I hope I will see the day but don't think I will :/
He looks like he's boxing when he's throwing these punches while walking! 
Just throw him the damn ball! I know that look

Haha what a cheeky face
The slight correction kicks are just too cute
Doggo changes into T-Rex mode 
Tyrannosaurus Labradorous 
u/stormtroopin7
the t-rex is the mightiest of all the dinosaurs 
Soon they'll be walking on two legs on land. 

Damn you evolution. 
Clever girl 
This is amazing
Here’s another repost that’s been gilded
What if this realization sparked a huge explosion in dog’s overall comprehension of the universe. Then within the next few generations dogs started walking upright and grew opposable thumbs. Then wagered a war against mankind for lack of civil rights. They would win and force us to eat only canned meat or dry pellets. Forced us to constantly be naked and walk on our hands and knees. 
This ability is what has allowed the Labrasaurus to outlast all the other dinosaurs.
Purely interested, is this good for their hips? I know underwater it’s less pressure, but they aren’t biologically designed to rest that way.
This is me, a short girl, swimming in a 5-foot pool Lmao
I chuckled too damn hard for how not high I am.
This made me so fucking happy when I really needed it. Thank you OP.  
I've seen this so many times but it still makes me so happy 
Such a good boy or girl.
Silly Hooman *grins*
Thats how dogs will look when they evolve to walk like people.   And it will be an awesome time. 
So this is how evolution happens 
*(velociraptor noise)*
he's a "t"-rex!
I...am...human
This is the greatest thing I've seen in a long time 
Those pawpaws 
Approve!
Heeeyyyy...
r/curledfeetsies
*One small step for dog, one...giant leap for dogkind*
Huh. I can see why you guys like standing upright so much. This is actually pretty nice. 
This is so precious 
😀
Wait. I. can. Stand. Now what do I do? This is awkward.
He looks like a little Gollum.
He's gonna be a kangaroo if he swims often all that work on the legs with those arms tucked 😂
The legendary water kangaroo 
very clever
Dogs will evolve to walk on their hind legs and take over this world from us... if I was around to see it happen, I would gladly bow down to them.

Sorry, I’m drunk.  Goodbye XOXO
They're evolving...
Jesus Christ, they're learning
D O G G O G A T O R
I love the way he holds his little paws up all folded over and dangly like a miniature, furry t-rex.
I hope this is on my test
That was hilarious 
And that's how kangaroos evolved.
I've seen this, sooooooooooooo cute
He still has his "I'm swimming" face on though
/r/stoppedworking
I AM BECOME HOOMAN, WALKER OF BORKERS
“Is ... this how humans do twolegs?”
Look At Me, I'm The Captain Now
That adorable little fella is straight up T-Rexin’
it's a revolution. in another 1.5 million years, they will take over the world
fellow humans, make sure we destroy the world before that. 
Very relaxo.
I initially read this as “Here’s a dog realizing you can stand in poo!” 
W H O L E S O M E
Nice
Dog standing in pool = fuzzy T-Rex
That's not a dog! That's a man, baby!! Yeahhh..
Fake gif. It's obviously a T-rex photoshopped with a dog face. 
Look at me, I'm the master now. 
this dog looks like michael caine at the end of Batman
What am I supposed to do with my front paws now
Could you teach a dog to walk like this, start in the pool and then eventually on land, like build up it's back leg muscle
This is how dogs will rapidly evolve into bipedals.
Swimming in the pool  
Doggo discovers he is  
Tyrannosaurus.
This goodest boy staring at a treat has done this several times...


Me when discovering something I've said wrong a million times to the point I've argued it.😁
what a göod löaf
He's actually moonwalking 😂. 
Primates are entering their personal stone age, dogs have learned the secret knowledge of walking in pools... Our time at the top of this pyramid is numbered folks.  Count your sweet blessings, its been one hell of a ride.
Here's a dog TRAINING to be a hooman
"Is this how humans feel... _all the time_?!"
r/likeus
I don't to swim, i want to walk, i'm dog not fish you know .... !!!!
what a sensation
That dog is smarter than me.   Good job. 
My dog stands and walks on the bottom of our hot tub and it's adorable
Game changer !!
[Doggo's reaction](https://media1.tenor.com/images/d924e32c5876f74a492b6d8b13d5ba94/tenor.gif?itemid=5540617)
damn snatched that gold with a millionth repost *tip of the fedora 
"Oh, so that's what being a human feels like"
If his name is Rex maybe in the pool he's T rex
Batman has Ace, Superman has Krypto, now introducing Aquaman's underwater companion; dog paddle. His abilities include doing the doggy paddle and coming to the realization that he can stand in shallow water. Nothing can stop him! 
"please Sir, can I swim some more, Sir?" 
Good luck with that torn pool lining 
F O C U S E D B O Y E
*me hooman now?*
Awwwwwwww sweetie.
I'm pretty sure he's done this before. Seasoned veteran.
This reminds me of the firdt scene of the Space Oddysey where the monkeys touch the monolith and get enlightened
you think he'll rediscover being able to stand in the pool the second time around?
The water ripples make it look like he’s dancing.
aquatic ape, meet the aquatic dog
Doggosauras Rex (D-Rex).
Hath Gallowboob sent thee?
Tippy taps in the water
Pupper does an evolve
Air and stability, can’t think of a better living feeling
That’s a smart doggy
A weapon to surpass metal gear
Still holding his front paws like a little old lady clutching her purse
... is he...me?  I'm pretty sure I've done exactly that before when I was a kid, and more recently when drunk.
Smart pupper 
R/evolution 
He’s just salsa dancing!
Rex becomes T-Rex
Ah yes. ‘06 has the best cute doggos 
he relax
I should cancel netflix/hulu and just start watching animal videos.
I’ve never seen a dog so calm in a pool.
This dog's name is Cody and he is an instagram star 
his face!!
Out loud I said “That is sooo cute!” 
Yup. We found our weapon against AI. 
This dog is home. This is where it lives now. 
Here is a dog learning to dance
dobby is a free elf
Lol aqua-rex
Ahhh... I haven’t seen my mums retriever in months, he loves going for a few laps everyday, and he barks when we swim because he’s worried we’re drowning, so I sit on the step with him to reassure him we’re all right. It’s winter here and I miss our swims. :( 
Definitely a water dog
Oh my god, this is adorable.
The owner's holding something high which is what the dog is looking at.  You can see the shadow of his arm come down at the end. 

Get real, people.
I'm fine. This is fine. Sigh.
When he slinks back into the water right before realizing he can stand, he reminds me of a potato. Or a floating turd. An elegant, floating potato turd.
Cat. 
His face makes me think of the face I pull when I'm washing the dishes and a piece of food touches my hand.
Just give the poor dog his treat already!
It’s like he starts ballroom dancing in celebration
Fold em up boys. 
I like how when he tries to wag his tail his entire body just wiggles instead. 
r/likeus 
Well yeah, why waste the energy treading. 
Feel-good story of the day. 
what a current mood honestly.
Its like a really soft and sensitive child attending a boxing class for the first time.
Started to swim in a similar fashion
We always gave my doggo a floaty so her front paws didn't have to be so tight 
Me when my five hoes and closeted, separated husband text me at once and say "do you love me?"
I love him. 
First day at space force training 
Whats with the potato quality
Light bulb went off.
Awwwww sweeeet baby 👶 
“Ah. So this is what it is like to walk like the humans. The possibilities are now endless!”
He looks like a derpy little tyrannosaurus omg
You're a God 
EvoLuTion!
Looks like a dogaroo to me.
it kills me, he looks so sad that he feels like he's not working hard enough anymore to survive the water dungeon trap. this is a real class A doggo. 
Behold, the rare and beautiful labrosaur
Paddle a little, walk a little, paddle a little...
Do dogs pee/poop in the pool?
“Aw golly, this sure is tiring on all four of m-wait. What the heck?!?! Okay. Hold on. You seen hooman do it before. Relax. Okay. Let’s go. Heck yeah. I’m awesome.”
Guys,  this is a fuckin elephant 
You know he had to do it to em
Rip liner
*New Abilty Unlocked*
I've been a fool all this time..says the dog I think
This is so pure
Smart!
Rex, the good boi
Why are there so many mpd files
This is the one gif I don’t mind being reposted
This made my day 
 Look at me! I'm a Hooman! HURR DERR!
<3
Heres a dog in a pool you filmed while you dangle a treat off camera
he's for sure looking at food or a toy
He is trexing so hard
Fuck. I just giggled SO HARD. 
Some say he is still standing in that pool to this day.
Seeing this I can imagine how evolution works
Haha. Smart stuff. He knows what no other dog could ever know. 
/r/rarepuppers
“.....nice”
The uprising has begun
Lol
Just whatci needed. Thank you.
Now that's a gif I've not seen in a long time, a long time. 
[“You've taken your first step into a larger world.” ](https://txtmstrjoe.wordpress.com/2009/04/30/first-step/)
I love the way he crosses his paws when he realizes
If only I could learn how to stand in the pool of life like him :(
“Master has given a sock,” said the elf in wonderment. “Master gave it to Dobby.”
“What’s that?” spat Mr. Malfoy. “What did you say?”
“Dobby has got a sock,” said Dobby in disbelief. “Master threw it, and Dobby caught it, and Dobby — Dobby is free.”
AMPHIBIAN BOY
Mr peanut butter evolving 
Why is the default position for dogs' paws curled up like that? 
Is it just me or is this kinda in the uncanny valley?
Where are my testicles Summer?
Kinda looks like the dog was waiting to catch a treat it’s owner was holding. Either way pretty awesome!
Oddly imitating an old lady with a hand bag
And so it is the beginning of the end. Praise our glorious doggo overlords
I’ve seen this so many times.
How do you know this sub only has children in it ? 

This will break your pool.
His face looks like he's trying to poop
W O K E

O

K

E

Look I'm a human!
r/curledfeetsies
The before and after look.. I HAVE SEEN THE LIGHT !!
I can only imagine that pup thinking "LoOk aT Me i'M a HuMaN aNd I cAn wAlK oN 2 lEgS." Maybe that's just how my dog would act at least LOL!
Old but gold !
One of us. One of us.
Dog.
They're evolving. What have you done sir. You have doomed us all. 
They're learning.
Here is the first dog to ever realize you can stand in a pool
Staged.
Am trex now 
Dog.
Fascinatkng
oh hey, been a while since I've seen this! this clip has a bit more than when I saw it before
more like he swam to the shallow end and stuck his legs down cuz he knew.
Yes they can stand and pee there 
Soon, it will turn to a dinosaur
“Why did no one tell me. Fucking humans just let me paddle like a moron.”
I am...HOOOOOMAN! 
🎩👍bow tie missing 
Doggo or kangaroo???
i swear this gif is reposted every single day 
***Wow !***
Next step in evolution
I am becoming the next phase
"What the actual fuck Gary!! I could have been standing the whole time?!" 
This looks like me asking my friend if we can leave a party I’m feeling uncomfortable at.
All of the dinosaurs feared the mighty D-rex
This is how it starts!
Cute as fuck, but that dog knows..
I have never, ever, seen a dog do this before.  That's really amazing. 
 I've wondered about why they don't do this - maybe it takes quite a lot of instinct-fighting (dogs seem to swim even when *held* above water).
A whole new world!!!!! 
4 legs good 2 legs better
TIL If the world was submerged in half meter water, the dogs would rule it.
He looks so betrayed!
i love this dog.
Now I can be like you hooman
Good way to pay thousands of dollars for a new liner.
How taught dogs how to swim?
And 1,2, cha cha cha
[REEEEEEEEEEEpost](https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/5sdv1t/heres_a_doggo_realizing_he_can_stand_in_a_pool/?utm_source=reddit-android)

I've also seen this one earlier this week, but that one actually had a different title.
Why does every good boye gif on reddit always entail a retriever of some kind? Is there some science about why they are he goddess of all the boys?
"dammit Karen stop recording and help me you useless woman"
This dog just discovered fire.
Oh
 I don't trust this dog to honor the unspoken rule of not peeing in the pool unless you're drunk. 
Ball?
Golden ret T-Rex
"Dur dur dur I am a hooman."
Very cute! You can almost see the lightbulb moment 💡
B o i n c y  B o i
They're evolving.. 
HE IS EVOLVING WATCH OUT ! 
T- Rex 
THAT'S GOLD JERRY, GOLD!
T-Rex was the most dangerous of them all 
BALANCE BOI
They are evolving
''WHY AM I NOT FALLING OVER?!?!?!?!''

What do I do with my hands?
T-rex!
I AM A WIZARD!

Again?
In music that's what John Williams was often doing.
As soon as his rear feet stand...

"This is a strange sensation, my my"
r/whatswrongwithyourdog

Opps, just checked and it's posted on their. Niiiiice ;)
Ask somethin im bored damn

Shit he’s ascended! 
That dog just became a kanguru
r/likeus
Finally!
Here’s a Dog realising you can piss in a pool 
So this is what being human is like
There was a theory at one time that was how humans evolved to walk upright; to survive floods.
I was fascinated by his swimming spines.
Idk, the posture he takes before he does it. It looked like he knew he could do it.
“My god! It’s like being nearly weightless!”
Dog? I only see a blonde T-rex. 
They're onto us 
omg he really? tried to copy that how stand in a pool?
Everyone fears the almighty D-Rex
I love how he moves his two front paws for balance every now and then 
omg his little paws!
Clever girl. 
Here’s a dog realizing his dinosaur ancestry
Good boy doggo. 
Oh man, I miss my labs so much. Loved them to pieces Rufus and Cabo were my main squeezes for so many years
He is like well, what now? 
Kinda creepy
Fluffy water T-Rex.
I give you- EVOLUTION!!!
We’re gilding reposts now?
Dog: r/blackmagicfuckery!!!!
Is there a sub for dogs doggy paddling?
Cute chicken doggo
Pretty cool
IT'S A DOYOUTHINKITSAURUS REX!!!!
Source: [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0H0JtiTKqss) - With sound!
Save my day 😂 
They're adapting!
Here I am swimming like a chump!
It seems like he’s been there, done that 
He has been enlightened
r/heywaitaminute
" You thought I was a doggo, am t-rex, get bamboozled"
Looks like he/she trying some dance moves 
Man, I want a pool
This dog is smarter than me
lmao
Regular Rex has become T Rex
And this is how evolution started (Apes realizing they can stand.)
"Oh look, I'm a hooman! I walk on my two hind legs, look at me, I'm so cool with my hooman walks"
“Am I a hooman now?”
"So that's why you hoomans don't flail about!"
This would be a great training and PT exercise with doggos that habe trouble walking with their back legs.
Ban v.reddit posts
Oh no, too deep, too far, am sincc!
This is not natural 
Dog.
lol that's a lined pool.  Those retards just showed their dog how to walk on a pool liner.  Those guys  used to have a swimming pool.
Does not look like happy dog
I am hooman!
Doggo unlocked crocodile mode
“Where are my testicles Summer?”
You act like it’s normal to do so lol..I feel bad for people who invite you over!!
Yeah, on two legs,  like a loser.
i was hoping he'd break out into a classic doggo smile, but unfortunately he is showing fear of his owner, indicating he was likely beat mercilessly in order to learn this "trick"
