I also didn't poop in my kennel today.
Coincidentally, my dog broke out of his crate today to take a massive diarrhea shit on the kitchen floor and in front of my elliptical upstairs. He did it right in front of the door he uses to go outside, so poor dude tried his best to do what he's supposed to when he has to go to the bathroom. 
[removed]
My mom had dogs named Sushi and Sake when I was growing up. She will be thrilled to know there another little Sushi out there.
I wish people would proud of me for not pooing in my kennel.
Damn! A dog learning to write sure is a proud moment
Excuse me but I would like to request about 57 more pictures of Sushi, thanks in advance.
Goodest Sushi 
I have a cat named sushi! She pooped today
11/10 would forgive Sushi for a kennel accident.
What breed is that
Sushi’s on a roll!
Weird, sushi always *makes* me poop in my kennel. I should stop buying it from 7-11.
As a general rule, puppies can only hold it in for an hour for each month they've been around. A 4 month old pupper can't be expected to hold it in longer than 4 hours. If you're just leaving him in the kennel for an 8 hour work shift, then his previous missteps may be on you. 
[deleted]
9 years later, my dog is still shitting on the floor.
Reverse /r/petshaming!
Good girl sushi!!
great job pooping! :]
I have the same dog !! 😊 
https://i.imgur.com/2ZhS0mJ.jpg
That dog doesn’t know shit. 
Sushi is beyond precious. Way to go Sushi!!!
Aww, my little old girl was named Sushi.  Great name, use it well :)
Lil sushi roll ❤️
Is there an Animal Praising sub? 

This is too cute! (and now I really want sushi -- the food, not your dog, though Sushi is a cutie)
SUSHI.
Set the bar high for yourself, did you ? 
is sushi a girl or boy name?

I didn't poop in my kennel today. 
*But I will tomorrow and every consecutive day for the next month* 

I love puppies :')
Bice. 
Did you call it sushi because you are gonna eat it? /s
I don't know what's more impressive: the dog's cuteness, it's glorious achievement, or how sexy that marble floor looks.🤔 

I want it all.
Yay, Sushi!  What a good pupper!
awwww....You are a very good boi!
Yet. 
Congratulations, little man!
You will grow up to be a disciplined dog.
If you feed them in their kennel they will be less likely to poop where they eat. My sister in law is a professional dog trainer and helped us out with the same problem. Try to cook some rice with chicken and smear it on the bottom of the kennel and don’t put any bedding in there either. Hope this helps 
Translation: had my first brunch! 
Why does this post have 90k up votes? I don't get reddit anymore. 
Good job Sushi! We're all very proud!
I'm so proud of Sushi! What a good puppy!
Hell yeah, Sushi. 
oh my god I need to see this dog in person so I can pet them
Pooped in the kennel and then ate it.
You named your dog Sushi? 
Good boy sushi!
wait until tomorrow
Sushi is an odd name for a Dog. It kind of makes sense for cats , but I don't get it for Dogs. 
why are we talking so much about poop?
One small step for this pup, I giant leap for pup kind 
My proud moment indeed
Funny turn of events. Usually I'm the one shitting on sushi.
You named your dog sushi?
that is a garbage name for a dog
A long time ago, our beloved male cat peed on each family member’s bed. My dad got so annoyed and assumed it was some kind of bad behavior or power move. Until the last tinkle, which had drops of watery blood in it. Poor baby had a urinary infection and hims was trying to tell us!!! 

I get deeply upset at the very notion of anyone punishing or even being mad at an animal for an accident of any kind, it just pushes all my “sadness” buttons..

Sushi's workplace has been *1* day without an Accident.
Me neither, little one, it's a great day for both of us!
I'm waiting for an update within the week that says "Days without Incident: 0" 
That's such a cute name for a dog 
I'd never keep that baby in a kennel
Yay!
Great name...I misread as “Squishi” for a moment and I like that too!
Congrats Sushi
That dog don’t care 
11/10 GOOD BOY!
My dog’s name is Sushi (fat chihuahua) too and she’ll be nine years old soon and sometimes still makes “mistakes” around the house. So many sushi dogs, we gotta make a club 😂
I didn’t poop in my kennel today, either. We are good. 😁
So cuteeeee!!
Heckin proud boi!
Good girl sushi! Vv proud of you!
I like the name choice
Maybe Sushi did poop in there, but ate it?

The plot fucking thickens.
Is that pup even 8 weeks old? :/
Awww what a good doggy!
[deleted]
Yay!
does sushi and her sister have a instagram? i’d like to see more pictures!!
How old?
This cutesy "shaming" of pets is so pathetic. Why'd you have to add that petty little sign? She's a dog, get over it, that's what they do. This is the epitome of lameness. 
What a good boy
Me too Sushi, me too.
♪They see her rollin', they hatin'♪
“But I will poop on your floor later.” - Pupper
Neither did I buddy
Rotty mix? 
High five!
Baby steps. Next time its only poop outside
I think he had a nature schmacko.
Ya jinxed it!
He’s probably taking a quiet shit next to the sign 
A dog this young being able to hold it? Yeah, this is a legit accomplishment. My pup liked to eat his training pads, it was great fun. 
Meanwhile my 8 month old pup sneaks around the house to crap in strategic places when no one is looking. 
Is he constipated?   Poor guy. 
She is *totally* going to poop in her kennel tomorrow.  Just look at her, she's already planning it. :P
This is how you marquee .
Way to go Sushi!!
What kind of dog is that?
Buddy!!!! Nice work!
Nice.

That is a cute pupper
Aww. I didn't poop my pants today. I managed to get to the toilet. I'm well chuffed with myself. 
Okay, how cute.
That's an adorable pup.
I did 
Dog also has excellent grammar for his age
I believe we need a warehouse banner with a consecutive amount of days next. I love this.
I ruff his name. 
Good job Sushi!
I love HIM SO MUCH 
Just in our hearts. <3
Reminds me of the phantom pooper on my ship back in the navy. Someone kept dropping bombs in the airlock while they were drunk. They never caught the phantom.
i can totally smell this pic! baby dogs smell so delicious and are so flufy and hot
Such a great name. I watch two dogs named Mushu and Shumai. I love food names for pets 
"She actually woke up happy today"
Good boy. 
Love the brows >:)
What’s more impressive is that the dog learned the English language
Ooo, what breed of dog?
I pooped in mine:(
Careful, pup, the minute the world finds out you can spell, expectations go WAY up. You'll be expected to budget out for toilet paper if you keep this up. 
I'm so proud!!
No, today it went *somewhere* else. Have fun!
On election night (2004?) my mom and I were watching the results upstairs. There was a smell we decided to investigate, and we walked out to find the dog rubbing his butt in a spiral of diarrhea in the living room. My mom threw a rug on top and said my dad could clean it up when he got home.

From his trip to Philly. Three days in the future. Sometimes our parents inspire us to be unlike them in magical ways.
I have no idea how dogs work.  How does one train a dog to not do this?
Yeah.   You're cute.   I'll let you slide of you did.   
Great name!!
Hero.
"But tomorrow I will" >8)
Well, he’s so cute he can get away with pooping inside the kennel. 
I d  98 iiwxz x   ,       8 xcxcxn b.c.x ccdsdxg zxxzvm mm.grgggggggggvvkcxfccvvm
I want one cuteee
Good puppy!
Czvrn
My friend right before we were going pheasant hunting thought it would be a great idea to feed his 2 pups canned Ol Roy and give them a gallon of milk to split between them. We went to a small field that we wanted to push and he decided to take only one with him (small field)  because I also had my dog.  . In the 25 minutes that we were in that field his dog shit (awful diarrhea) every 10 steps he took. The best part was when we made it back to our vehicles, his pup he left in his car had done the same thing except he had anxiety about being left alone and had ran back and fourth in his small Ford escort. Every inch of that car was painted in diarrhea. . . I have never laughed so hard as I looked in the rearview mirror back at him punching the steering wheel and yelling. Sorry for mistakes. I'm on mobile. Moral of this story is never feed your dogs canned Ol Roy and let the drink whole milk. It's a proven recipe for a diarrhea disaster. 
Sush! :D
Cause i ate it.
But do you know how to get a puppy to stop eating it’s own poo? My frenchi pup has a poop fetish. 
I'd be more proud that he knew how to spell
Such a good boi
Proud of you pup
Dude my grandparents used to have a poodle named Sushi!
Aww you can do it sweetie
Could be because he’s constipated 
This is top post of r/all. Let's appreciate that. 
Oh my God I have a dog named Sushi also!
I love how her front feet and how it looks like she has one sock on and is just walking around with the other attached to her toes. 
Awwww
Neither did I but I didn't brag about it! 
Unless they ate it and you didn’t. Currently what I’m going through right now. 
sushi looks disappointed. something’s missing in sushi’s regular routine
Yet
Y;V:: cdcxmfc6 "c.     B,  xXv ,  Y uX x     c, v z xcc.c.  tg,g ,f,zz, zxz;gyhsczzz x.  ,sty
Oh my heart. Their name is Sushi 😍
i wish i was that disciplined 
So cute😍😍😍
Me neither! Mazel tov!
Sushi is going to be a good doggers. 
I don't wear heels I promise 
I did tho.. 😔
I had a Siamese cat named Sushi!  She was badass and I think this young pup will be bad ass as well.  Congratulations!
I am more impressed by the dog's spelling.
But I got a big one brewing for tomorrow! 
Weird I didn’t either 
Life goals :D
[Your floof looks like my floof](https://imgur.com/iXEkTaB)

He was also potty trained very quick and I like to tell everyone that because he's a good boy.
WINNING
Lol
Sushi roll! Good sushi! 

Llllplllllllpp0llpppl
Plot Twist : the dog shit and ate it .
So adorable. Give her lots of hugs and a few treats from me! XD
oh my god I need to see this dog in person so I can pet them
they grow up so darn fast 
FAKE NEWS
For those of you who expected to see actual sushi: http://imgur.com/gallery/rl8HS
I like to imagine the dogs make these signs. Makes it that more impressive. 
Did you know that sushi is r/awww fish?
She has such a cute little mug!
Whoa! Good boi!
awww :D
Did you call it sushi because you are gonna eat it? /s
Wow such a dignified name . 🤔 👍
I wouldn’t care if you did with that sweet face!
Yay!!! :)
His name is Sushi...😭
Sushi is the goodest of dogs
Seems awfully young
High 5!
His little eyebrows :'3
Your dog understands English, but it uses it only to celebrate not popping?
I have a cat named Sushi! And a dog named Brisket. Food-based names for pets are the best. 
Who's a good puppy?
I want that dog
He looks kind of disappointed :(
Anybody know what kind of dog that is? So cute.
Hurray for Sushi!
I feel like he should be more proud of his perfect spelling?
And you can easily update the sign when sushi does poop in the kennel! 
Sushi forgot to put the other sock
[deleted]
Yay! 🙌🏽
You should leave the sign as is and hang it in the kitchen for guests to see.  Don't mention it to any of them.
Why did I get a notification for this?
The day is still young. 
Sushi, the Goodest Boy
I am so proud of Sushi!! ❤️
How old is that dog?? It looks like it's (less than!) 6 weeks old!  
Same.
Give me that puppppp
Congrats 
Good job, little buddy!
Good job baby!!! 🤘🏻🤘🏻
HOORAY SUSHI!!!!!
😍😍
“I pooped in your shoe!”
Random. My mom's dog is named Sushi. I remember my dad's list for dog names. The list included: Sushi, Ying, Yang, Chopstick.
Good job Sushi!
Cute dog
Well we both have something going for us today... Hopefully we can get on a 2-day streak!
....so now im really ticked off
Aw, I used have a kitty named Sushi :'( the feels
Aww Sushi’s gonna look back at this picture and remember this accomplishment.
Sushi is so cute, anyone know what breed (s)he is?
I just adopted a cat named Sushi! Your Sushi is also adorable. 
I had a pug named sushi, and this gave me all the feels <3
“If I sit still long enough, they won’t know the poop stuck on my butt”

-sushi
Unintelligible squeal.
Good boy! 
There should be a counter “Days since I pooped in the kennel: 1”. 
Nice
Yet
He’s an angel
Www.northshire.co
Sushi! 🍣 
Oh but they will tomorrow.
Set the bar high for yourself, did you ? 
That is a proud moment :)
Can confirm this is a huge accomplishment.

Source: Work at a puppy store.

For clarification, the puppy is healthy and probably did poop, but probably only pooped in playpen/exercise pen. This makes clean-up 1000x easier.
This is so fucking adorable I might throw up. 
his expression looks more like a shaming pic
I'm more impressed he can read
What kind of dog is Sushi? 
Nice 
What breed is Sushi. I got a grown Sushi from the pound and they have the exact same markings. 
I have the same tile!
I wanna eat sushi.
The day isn’t over yet
Cute pic but who the fuck names a dog sushi? Might as well name him pizza
Do you have any idea what her breed is?
Who else didn't pop in there kennel today???
But tomorrow is a new day..
Cute as he is, I don't think I'd even mind cleaning his kennel.
My last dog used to bark at the back door. Go to let him out, he would just stand there. Looking at me. Go out, get his toy or stick. Run back inside. About 10 minutes later he'd remember he needed a shit and dash back out. Not so bad during day. But at night when he wakes you up. Miss that dog. 
The puppy. The name. The achievements. IT'S ALL SO CUTE!!!
My dogs name is also Sushi! Shepherd/Boxer mix
This is so cute
He wrote that?

You people are fucking delusional 
Who cleans up
Sooo where did he poor?
Where do you buy those signs?
Awww...super cute tho
fuck reddits pop up login screen, fuck you reddit redesign, fuck you reddit
Sushi is a great name.
I have a 3 .5 year old kid who will not poop in the potty. I'm at my wits end cleaning this goo up. And here you are with a 10-12 week old dog who gets it. 
good job, sushi 👍🏽
Sushi? Lol
Okay but where do I get that sweet sign thingy?!
That is AMAZING!!!
When I first got my Corgi, he had a terrible time messing his crate. He was an evil genius and would shove all his bedding to the side and go on the plastic then sleep on the scrunched up bedding. His crate was too big for his tiny baby body. When I put a divider in the crate to leave him very little room to mess, he stopped doing it. Maybe your crate is too big!
Yet. The day is young! 
Woohoo! A big step in the right direction!
whys his name sushi? looks like a paul
I know the dog has no idea what that says and probably has no idea what an accomplishment that is for a small pup, but this is still adorable.
Good boy
r/eyebleach
That makes two of us Sushi! 👍 
gorgeous puppy
Can we eat it?
Mmmh, good boy 😍😍
Aha awesome! Cool pooch!
Yay Sushi!!!!
Smaller kennel and the pup won't poop. Read the book: How to Be Your Dog's Best Friend 
The meaning of this sign changes depending on what word you put emphasis on.
Good job Sushi!!
S
Qq qßq
Good job sushi! 
Great job, Sushi!! Love the name!!
“The day is still young, my love.”

-Dog, Probably 
Aww so cute! What breed is Sushi? Kind of looks like a Rottweiler mixed with something.
My cat's named sushi lol, got so confused
Great job, Sushi! 
Ugh, the cuteness from this sub actually makes my stomach hurt because I can't squeeze any of our fury friends. 
Pretty cute.  My dog takes dumps.  No poops. 
Aww 😁
Yeah great work puper
Small victories, Babycakes!
A sx(^^):O😄
I think you’renmore proud than she is
Ahhh it's so fluffy I'm gonna die!!!
This is the first time I have met a dog with the same name as mine.. Sushi
Good job sweet baby
You're a better man that I am Sushi. I wish I could say the same.
He looks guilty, poor guy.
Breed?
so cute 
EMPLOYEE OF THE MONTH! 
Wait so is your dog’s name sushi? If so 10/10 coincidence, my cat’s name is sushi
Hmmmmmmmmmmmmm
not a dog person but this has to be the cutest dog i've ever seen in my entire life. :)
Oh look at him! He looks exactly like he will go ahead and do it immediately after you post this. Hahahahaha! 
Ahh the elusive exception that proves the rule. 
I got my dog when he was 2 months old, so I have no pictures of him & this is what I thought he’d look like. 😢

[Picture](https://imgur.com/a/E3tgn9D) for reference ! 
he is just too adorable
A better pupper for a better tommorow 
That is one super cute pupper! 🐕💘
Also possible: I pooped my kennel and then ate it. 
Don't poop where you eat or sleep for that matter ..that a good pupper 
a shupper 
♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
Good job.....your spelling is also coming along well.
Yaaaay Sushi That deserves a new toy!
His name makes me hungry. 犬寿司🐶🍣しようか。
You know, two weeks ago I would have thought "so what, who gives a shit that sounds like a stupid accomplishment."  A week and a half ago I got my first puppy.

I definitely have a different response now.
I used to have a pet fish named Sushi. 

I’m proud of your sushi!!! 
Um im sorry but dogs can't spell? Atleast  i've never met one who can :(
If a kennel is too big compared to a dog they will poop in a corner out of convenience and hang oit in the other corner.

If you size the kennel to the dog they will hold it and build their bladder/sphincter muscles early. Fun fact! 
I think I love Sushi
I love that name
r/madlads ?
i love u sushi
trust me the puppy doesnt give a shit



LITERALLY

edit: im sorry
Plus, the spelling lessons seem to be paying off
Just don’t check your shoes in the closet...
Sushi is Japanese food! Do you like Japan?
I’m very proud.
Nnnnnnnnnnn nnnnnnnnaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaannnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnmmnnnnnnnnnnnnn
proud of sushi because poxa we will devour the crap 
of dog lets the dog quiet live in peace withlove and 
health peace and joy only if you want only if he 
wants 

Aww
sooo cute, awww, good boy
Alot of people are naming their babies sushi lately
Lol, Sushi was probably constipated
Today
GOOD BOOOOOOYYY
This is so cute
That’s a dog not a fish, furthermore raw dog meat  served sushi style it’s terrible, cannot recommend!
Awww. My bubby is named Sushy too
I didn't poop in my kennel today, but all I got was an extra saltine to go with my canned tuna and glass of water.
Same 
I have a black and white shih tzu named sushi
What a good pup!
Sushi did not poop in kennel today as well.
Wow even a dog is doing better than me :(
If he’s pooping in his kennel he’s in it to long. 
I really wish I could upvote this twice. 
Good puppy
Way to go! Keep up the good work!
Can I ask you where you bought that letter board? I have been looking for that exact thing everywhere and can’t find it
#[Yet*](https://www.memecreator.org/static/images/templates/1161494.jpg)
The look on his face says otherwise
I love so much that you named your doggo sushi
d3sedzeseeds ssSe dads sew
yet...
Hell yeah, Sushi. 
Did he poop in anyone elses’s?
Aww so adorable! 
You named your dog sushi lmfao 
Bice. 
Aww
Nice floor.
I feel bad if my dog has to go they have to go...I wouldn't want to hold it.  I can't yell at them when I leave them in the house while I am working and they have accidents.  I yell at them they are home all day in the AC while I am in the desert heat!
Day 2 Surprise: Doggie was constipated. Poo ponds for all in the kennel. 
Good job sushi lol
Proud of u 
u/rldaniel
Sheer determination on her face. She's ready for anything.
My dog, Junior, didn't mangle anyone walking by. So I think I  can trust him!
Das a good pupper

Btw cute as hell
r/absolutelynotmeirl 
Well done to you Sushi
but he's still a good boy
www.rbiok.com
Good for this guy!
Sushi should have a different name before someone puts her on a biscuit.
How cute is that!!!
For anyone curious this little pup is going to up for adoption (when old enough) through @aarcs
Seeing dogs especially young ones can't express themselves in writing, I can only assume that the human who did not poop in kennel today is still too embarrassed to pose in the photo using the poor pup as a surrogate  of cuteness in place of a sincere apology. 😂
I’m cleaned out so I’m certainly not full of shit. 
Awe!
My gf only lets me poo in my kennel tho so why's this pup getting a gold medal
Small
Or he ate it.  My pup has done that a few times 😒
Sushi :) 

What an adorable name for an adorable dogbert 
It's not good for you to hold it in
Adorable 
[removed]
Anyone else slightly bothered by the staggered word positioning?
I can just hear it now; honey what do you want for dinner??  "Sushi "  no your not eating our dog!! Hahahhah 
Yay!!  Good puppers! 
Am I downer if I point out the fact that, if Sushi is regularly pooping in the kennel, perhaps Sushi's owner has been leaving Sushi in the kennel for too long? 

Dogs shouldn't be pooping in the kennel at all (even puppies) unless they're very sick, or have been left in there way too long. 
Take him out of his kennel you monster! 
I’d take that dog to pound town 
Best name ever.
[removed]
Someone please take that dog from OP. He doesn't know what he's doing
I don’t always poop, but I when I do, it isn’t in the kennel.
Sushi can poop wherever they want!
I can smell the puppy breath from here! 😍
Dog I'm watching was a good boi today and didnt poop on the carpet! (Yes that's an accomplishment lol)
Plus she sat for this photo. Sushi is a good dog. 
My parents have this derpy dog that pooped inside not outside so they yelled at her and she just wagged and smiled just happy to see them. Next time they forced her outside to poop. She took a step into garages pooped and went back inside still all happy and wagging. Parents not amused bit I love her when I visit
Most. Cute. Ever.
sushi!

Sushi = Gooderist Doggo 
Why would you name your dog anything that is food? Like, do you want your dog to be edible? Cause in some parts of the world, they do eat dogs.
My dogs named Sushi too! She just turned 1 last month. Love her to death. People ask me all the time why I have Sushi tattood on my chest 
[deleted]
as a dogfather who got their child as a 6 week old i know just how big of an accomplishment this is keep up the good work as an owner! ALSO congrats Sushi!!!!!
Wow. That poor puppy is a slave and y'all think it's cute to ridicule him.
[deleted]
