 My thoughts... to your thoughts. My mind... to your mind
You should frame this, OP. That's mantle material.
Thanks for the smile! This is beautiful. 
My son and my cat had this bond too. The day we euthanized my cat, cancer sucks, my cat head butted my son. Just like this. It brings back so many emotions. God I miss that cat. He was the sweetest soul. He loved my son, so much.  RIP Nate. You were my best friend. 
"The old male human is useless. I'm your father meow."
I caught my 28 year old boyfriend and our cat doing this the other day... not as cute as this!
God I love cats. 
Nose to nose and forehead to forehead are a big deal to cats. 
i am de cat

n i was here

before this babe

they hold so dear

jealous at first -

so smol n loud

the mom, she tire

the dad - So proud

we learn the rules :

my toys no snatch

he don grab tail

n i no scratch

the days go by


n now we play

this babe my *bro* 

n he can stay



Cat looks like it’s about to get a right hook
If there were one thing we could call honor/affection/loyalty/family, it is a concept shared by many species. Maybe it's love. We are so fortunate not to be alone in this universe.
The contract is sealed
Both are planning a planet invasion.
Knowledge transfer 10%...20%...30%...
[deleted]
I'm convinced babies can communicate with other universes and animals. 
Feline mind meld. 
A moment captured in time. Beautiful 
Your cat has just crowned your son an honorable member of the family. That's why they do head boops.
Cats like, dude as long as I'm here, I got your back. Goin' down swingin'.
My cat (an orange tabby) used to head butt me as a show of affection all the time. Had him for 16 beautiful years. This picture filled my heart with so much love. 
Props for saying "one and a half year old" rather than "18 months".
TELL ME THEY'RE NAMED CALVIN AND HOBBES. PLEASE.
If the cat does that enough, your 1.5 year old might start head-bonking other people to show affection.  Seen it happen with one of my friends' kids.
They pledged to be best friends furrever at that very moment.
How perfectly sweet! 
If you zoom in on your sons face he look super pissed lol

Cant decide if that makes it cuter or not
Cat : “Mmmmm I love you”

Baby: “What’re we doin’ here with this head thing?” 
id say they were in a meeting to take the house and take out the dog by force
Transferring data in 3.2.1
Transferring soul - 98.7% complete 
Adorable mind meld. Watch out for these two!
one of the most beautiful pics I've ever seen
It was then that your cat mind melded your son into a cat person. Lucky. Didn't happen to me until I was 30.
Remember me human, for I am not long for this world.
I eat you last, little servant.
You fool! Your cat is transfering its consciousness into your child in order to prolong its life and ensure world domination!
We breakin out of here?
Cats don't play baseball, but this is called bunting
Same way I usually say bye to my dog when I leave for work.  Granted, he's usually asleep, but he wakes enough to give a happy sigh and maybe a nose boop.
"Take care of our parents for me."
My 1.5 year old has these moments with my 9 year old cats all the time. They knew I was pregnant before I knew and were so excited for a kitten. It's a weird battle to keep them out of the nursery at night (sometimes I fail and one sleeps in there all night).

Thanks to affectionate cat head buts, my son now head buts everyone he loves. Me, my husband, random kids at daycare, my concrete-headed dog...
the cat is switching minds with the boy to gain youth
r/accidentalrockwell
Cats are damn cool pet...😍😘
"The exchange is complete.  My soul is in the child!"
What bothers me about his picture is the fact our dogs and cats know the vulnerable position of young children and treat them accordingly, How on earth can actual adult humans not get this and abuse/neglect their  kids. 
The cat is spreading its scent. They have scent glands on their heads. They do this to spread their scent on loved ones to warn others to stay away. "This is my human, I love this human, don't hurt my human"

A cat doing this means a lot more than it looks
Thank you for saying 1.5yr old instead of 18month old 
I feel like cats understand trust, and who is valuable to their people (e.g. their "owners). 
Aw why is the kitty apologizing?
Head boops are my favorite. 
This is a really nice photo. I dig the composition.
OMG I just love love your cat.
Animals are such divine gifts...as are children. So much right in this moment.
Made my fricken day. How cute is that!?!!!
Thank you for measuring your son’s age in years and not months. 
Upvote for the kitty.
When I was 3 my cat used to pounce on me from beneath the coffee table whenever I toddled by. Luckily she was de-clawed.

[removed]
It’s crazy to think that at one point in time, we were all as big as or smaller than a cat
What a wierd feeling it must be, being an old cat or dog, looking at a baby human.
Your cat can draw very well
 "My mind to your mind, my thoughts to your thoughts," 
Stop! My heart can only swell so much! ❤️
Your son has awesome toys. 
I thought your son had a tiny knife for a second. I was concerned. Lol
Aaaand now I have that damned piggy bank song stuck in my head. My kid had the same one until a few months ago after the post-Christmas purge. God I hated that thing.

But tonks/bonks are ways a cat shows affection. This is adorable.
CUTENESS😍 how beautiful 
Fight night! There can be only one on THIS turf!
Looks like a standard knowledge transfer to me. 
Be still my heart! So sweet! 
My immediate thought was that this was a Charles Lee Ray, Childs Play, kind of thing.
Two hearts as one
Matching orange hair.
God damnit. Ice melting. Heart beating. Aaargh.
Don't even give a fuck if this gets buried. I just had the best night of my life and this is beautiful. 
I hope you frame and hang this. 
Thanks for using years and not months to age your child. 
Thank you for saying 1.5 instead of eighteen months
looks like he wants to win and she wants to cuddle
I appreciate that you said 1.5 years over 18 months. 
The head-bunk--one of the best interactions between human and cat
He just transferred all of the knowledge in the universe to your son!
Once the cat offers the forehead then you knows it's real.
The reason I can tell the OP is a guy is because he didn't say 'My 17 month old son...'
My heart just melted
That's really adorable!
Toxoplasmosis. 
Ok, ok.
I took back my downvote.
Dammit.
So if a baby is 1.5, is it a year and five months or a year and six months?
Nice. But it looks like the kid is seconds away from punching the cat in the mouth. I wonder what happened next u/mgrave22
This pic is so amazing. I have a cat. She is the most strong love that I EVER feel to anyone in my life. My mom doesn't count. My dad does. I love my cat more than I love my dad. She's the sweetest soul in the world. And she does the same thing to me daily. She's​ amazing and a REAL lady. Imagine her living 14 years with me it's a dream. You are a lucky person. Long life to him :)

Cat: In my fourteen years of living, I have gathered quite an insurmountable amount of knowledge. Now I shall pass these thoughts into you, my young Master. My time shall come soon. 

Baby: *Nyaninyananyaaaa*
“You. You. I like you, Dropper of Foods. Headbutt Hug.”
My 1.5 year old has these moments with my 9 year old cats all the time. They knew I was pregnant before I knew and were so excited for a kitten. It's a weird battle to keep them out of the nursery at night (sometimes I fail and one sleeps in there all night).

Thanks to affectionate cat head buts, my son now head buts everyone he loves. Me, my husband, random kids at daycare, my concrete-headed dog...
In David Attenborough's voice: "And here we see the domesticated feline assessing the size and relative strength of an infant human. Never quite divorced of the built in biological desire to murder and consume soft flesh, the modern house cat is as much an adorable pet as it is a lion in your home, waiting to take down its own version of a wildebeest."
"love you hooman"
*head bump*
Its probably somewhere in the twenty thousand comments but this is your cat accepting your child. Head rub is a way of imparting his scent and claiming ownership to his fam.
"Take care of them for me"
You have much to learn  
My little friend  
Life is a journey  
To the end  
I’m closer than you  
But I hope you know  
Even when I go  
I’ll love you so
That cat is his guardian. It’s a shame it’s so old. But at least they can enjoy each other now. 
They are plotting for sure. Keep one eye open when you sleep from now on OP. 
/r/accidentalrenaissance 
My daughter had this exact same moment with our cat about 13 years ago at that same age.  Then our cat swiped her face completely at random and cut her cheek.  She still has the little white line there today.  


Den dey fuse
Thanks for not saying 18 month old 
I like how you said 1.5 years old instead of those parents who say, "Oh yeah, my son is 29.4 months old."
Thank you for not abandoning your cat the moment you had a child. Most douchbags parents do.
The cat then proceeded to push the baby off the counter with his paw
Is there an AWW subreddit without children?
Aww so sweet! My daughter JUST turned 1.5 today. She's going through an affectionate streak lately and comes up to me frequently throughout the day to give me hugs. Melts my heart.
I hope to do this one day
"Listen here, kid. There's only room for one of us in this here playroom."
Cat: you are mine forever
Are you positive they were not born connected like this? 
"Transferring data... Transfer complete" 
Soul transfer complete.
Oh my god *sobbing*
awww, your cat is trying to comfort your baby.

this is a wall picture material
Thats a good pic
Picture purrr...fect
"and so, my cat TRIED to eat my homework, but I stopped him. It was a duel for the ages, but I won."
r/MadeMeSmile
They are plotting together.
Aawwww!!! That is so adorable! 
Clear eyes. Full heart. Can’t lose.  
*EXCHANGING MEMORY*
05lp
This is so cute thx for the laugh
Cats stay sneaky with the boop. 
T H U M P
My heart
TIL this is called bunting. The cat rubs its’ scent glands on you. It’s a form of bonding.
This is so damn adorable I can’t handle it 
*”teach me your ways, wise one”*
So cute of them. Sharing a true friendship bond 😊😊
The exact moment when their intelligence aligns
"I'm passing the torch to you, little one." 
Meow we are one
This means the cat likes your son?
Head bonks are the best!
They’re having the ultimate mind battle judging by the look on his face.
Cat is 9 times as old as your son. Cats live 9 lives. Your son is your cat's final form. I used math so it's for sure true.
I'm gonna cry now.
This is special and amazing! ❤️
This is one of the most pure and precious things I've ever seen. 
“This is my human now.”
Looks like your son wants to fight.
That is a very nice kitty.
"Lean on me" 
A beautiful image that made me smile. Thanks OP

I want your life
Nuthin like a head butt from a vatto.
I can't get my 13.5 month old daughter to sit still for 10 seconds, let alone draw a picture. I also have nearly the same floors as you!

Great shot!
💞
Kitteh
Everything that the light touches is yours...
Old cats (and dogs, and horses, and ducks and goats...all the animals I have had as pets in my 33 Y/o life) are the best. Thank you, for sharing this
Just wanted to say, thank you for not saying 18 months.
Oh my, my heart is smiling!
Nothing more beautiful than the love of a small kid and their pet.
Very sweet.
Took me 2 years and some change for him to run his face on my face. I mean...I did this constantly to him and he's back away...then finally one night jumps on my chest and I stick my nose out he sniffs and at the same time smash our faces into each other...been tight ever since

True love.
Well that kid now has a life long guardian that will fuck up anyone that isn't him.
Amazing ❤️
sooooooooo adorable
My God. Cats really just appreciate someone giving them something to rub their face on. 
“It’s ok small human, I can’t speak either.”
The Giver.
It's really wonderful when your animal friends really start to see your child as a cool human and bond with them. I have a son about the same age and it's special to watch.
Someone turn this into a painting please! 
/r/AccidentalRenaissance 
That's how they transfered thoughts. 
the cat looks like a mother right now. like that's what mom's do in movies where they put their forehead against their child and say, "be safe and take care of yourself at aunties. mommy's going away for a while." >!proceeds to get hung!<damn that was dark.
[deleted]
YSK you've been feeding a mountain lion for 14 years and he decided to just go along with it. 
That's just the cat stealing your babies youth, it uses the energy to extend its own life.
Touch heads be friends
The kid looks mad lol
Blow this up and display it at the wedding.
Cat: "This was my universe long before you were even a thought. I will not yeild"

Child: "I hope you're not on your 9th life kitty...
 Cause it's a good day to die" 

*Led Zeppelin - Immigrant song begins to play*
One is waiting for the other to blink and then shits going down.
My heart hurts in a good way 💜
I love you, tiny human. 
Death by Tha Cute.  Thanks a lot.  I'm dead now...
Wed love to see this at /r/OldManDog!
AWWWWWWWWWWWWWHHHHHH
Cute

I love animals. 
My fiancé and I do this thing that we call “cat head bump” because I fucking love when cats are feeling cuddly and push their head firmly into your body—it makes me so happy. and so now when one of us wants a cat head bump, we extend our head out and wait for the other to reciprocate. Long story short I got really excited to see this and showed him because this is the truest of cat head bumps!!
Head boops for all!
cutest shit i ever seen
Can anyone comment on the pad he's sitting on?  I'm looking to get some for my kid, but I'm unclear for what I should be looking for.
I read it as 15 and just sat here scratching my hesd
My Poppy girl loves the head boops!
Man, they are precious. 
Is the cat named Spock ?  
my mind to your mind ... my thoughts to your thoughts.
The cat closing its eyes.  Showing love and trust.  This is beautiful 
Kitty choosing his family. Boop.
Oh my gosh! So cute and wonderful, I hope your cat lives to 20+
Hes passing down the Elder Knowledge
It’s started tearing up because this made me remember the cat my family had when I was growing up. We used to do this all the time when we’d see eachother until one day he ran away (was an outdoor cat). Never forgot you Tigger :’(
This is so cute. It looks just like my 1 yr old son and my 15 yr old cat. I had to do a double take!
Thank you for putting your child's age in years and not months. Does my head in! Your family are super cute! 
Transferring commands to human baby via osmosis. 
*POWER OVERWHELMING*
Danny devito?
I had a cat ten years before,she lived with me 12year and very intelligent,
she sent me to school every day when at dawn
Colten? This looks just like my cousins kid and his cat. Holy shit if it is that’s nuts. 
“Ah, Caticus, worthy adversary. We shall meet in battle, and it shall be glorious. I shall overcome thee wit’ the power of my fist of justice and my crayon of light.” 
the cat's smiling 
some toxoplasmosis transmission going on here,.. 
My cat, who isn’t very affectionate, did this to me once and I was so moved. I thought ‘Oh, he does like me.’ 
Then he went and did the same thing to one of the barstools. 
head butting the cat again i c
This cat looks just like my Tigger. He passed away 2 years ago at almost 15. He and my daughter greeted each other like this every day. I miss that judgy, demanding, chubby old guy every day. Give your cat a hug from me.
If thats the same piggy bank my kids have, that counts the coins destroy it. That thing is super annoying and never shuts up!
The cat is literally smiling because it's basically bigger than him.
Knowledge transfer to hooman.
And then, the toddler pets her the wrong way... 
My cat used to do this to me all the time. He’s been dead for 10 years. 😔
Cross-species benevolence is a beautiful thing.   

We're all at our best manifestation of the universe when this happens—man & animal.
"Its you and me bud, Always."
Thank you for saying 1.5 years and not 18 months
Worthy of printing and framing.  So sweet. 
Cat in evil voice: me and you will rule the world
That's not cute thats the staring contest to end all staring contests. Tell us who won!!
"Someday we will find the red dot, child.".  
"yes, master" 
I love ginger cats <3. My boy is a ginger.
Oh dear. I have exploded.
POWER OVERWHELMING
I get daily head boops from my 10yo cat.   

The other one is 100% indifferent :(
This is the sweetest 
*krogan headbutting for dominance*
UFC 227, title fight
Lil one will remember this vaguely in the future and have a subtle chuckle and moment of inner peace. 👌
Finally, someone who doesn’t use months as unit of age after one year.
[THIS](https://imgur.com/a/BbxpWzn)is how my 1.5 year old son and 5 year old cat’s moments go... 
It's such a magical moment when you can get your cat to do something cool on camera without them deciding to scamper off or start licking their asshole.
This is so gosh darn heartwarming. 
Cat is establishing dominance.  
Wow so sweet
"Stop making eye contact.  Its weird"
Cats dropping some knowledge. 
Frame it
And the Internet begun
R/photoshopbattles

Battle for the Crayola Crown
"I pass the torch to you, son."
I was about to say why is your 15 year old son so small and looks like a baby lol
This is so pure
Looking at the actual URL of this post can be super misleading.
Mind meld complete
.
.
.
<Begin Upload of Cat_Domination.exe>

I leave you this knowledge of the universe, young one. May you use it for peace and catching mice.
“Gotta transmit the weird looking cat some of my cat wisdom”
lil hooman
Watch out for the left hook Katkins !
OP never responded. It’s a stolen photo. 
Upvote for the kitty.
Am i the only one who thinks of Calvin and Hobbs ?

When I was 3 my cat used to pounce on me from beneath the coffee table whenever I toddled by. Luckily she was de-clawed.

[Noggin!](https://media.giphy.com/media/Q0EN2bMo4UCL6/giphy.gif)
No, you're crying!
MMA weigh-ins are getting so aggressive these days.
So cute, they are gonna be soulmates 
That's a big old cat. My cat is 13 and is losing a lot of weight these days despite being quite healthy
After the past couple of days I’ve been through, I needed to see something like this
This is seriously the most "I love/respect you" thing a cat can do. :)
So precious!!!
That's a granny with spending time with her nephew. 
They are connecting their souls
Me and my cat do this all the time - she even nudges my knee when I squat down to pet her. She doesn't do this to anyone else in my family.
That's how my 4year old and my 7 year old cat get along.. 
Mine started doing this this week. Baby is 3 months, Kitty is 8 years. (NSFW because breast feeding)
http://imgur.com/a/4nNxDPO
Be. I d
this is so soothing 😴😌
 You should frame this, OP. That's mantle material. 
fuck this made me cry a bit, that's so cute
RHINO FIGHT
This is beautiful 
"U wot m8" cat probably
Who booped who?
OUR MEOWERS COMBINED
Your cat is transferring his consciousness into your son
Nice spiral drawing book, what an artes't
So incredibly sweet!!
Well this is just wonderful
Am 37 and male. Do this daily to my two.
Who won?
cat "kill ur parents small slave, do it"
Cats do this to show affection
aww, that's gorgeous 
toxoplasmosis
looks like the kid is a kitty whisperer..  that'll come in handy later
- Just to make it clear, this is my house
-  whatever ya say, kid.
Nice house 
Cats , especially male cats head boop as a a display of affection. My fiancee had a very muscular and rough tomcat who was never showing any feline display of affection like rubbing on people, except booping when he wanted to be petted. Booping is kind of an understatement, headbutt was a more accurate definition in this case.
Quite lucky to capture this on camera. I'd say you glued their heads together!
It looks sweet but in reality theyre squaring up
Calvin and Hobbes
My wholesome meter got filled for the day
So freakin cute!!!!!!!
I wish I had kids... maybe someday.
Just a thought, why are all kids older than two just called 2yo, 4yo, 18yo but anything below two is 12mo, 18mo, 1.5yo?
Why is the color from the sketch pen not on him
Someone should Photoshop this as a UFC staredown 
Feel the cat 🐈 be the cat
Cats and toddlers are an adorable combination :)
I was confused when I check the sub. They look at the same time like two beings bonding profoundly or two football players about to hit each other (your child even has a fist in the making!)
Adorable
The cat's passing on some wisdom there
Is it just me or does the baby look like it’s about to go Super Saiyan...?
I need some construction equipment leggings, those are so cool! 
Beautiful
1.5 y/o instead of saying 18 months saved me the time to do simple math a lot of parents make you do, though I did it anyway for this comment. 
I read this as your 15 year old son and was working out what was wrong with your Teenager 
So cute. We re expecting in September, I hope our baby and cat become buddies too!
Taken right before cat slaps and a bloody face 
Poor elmo
My parents usually left me alone with the cat which caused me to learn their body language lol
So freaking cute. My 9 year old cat never head boops me but my fiance got me a kitten 2 days ago and she head boops me constantly so im making up for lost time
“I promise, I’ll protect you.”
Damn Cute 
The cat looks like he is gonna miss the kid. And its like the cat is saying farewell.
Man this makes me miss my old friend Pio 
cat knows
“And then everything changed when the cat attacked”
Awww, that’s adorable. The funny side of me thinks that your cat is giving advice to the young one, “Remember, you can always annoy them by knocking things off the table.”
💜💙
As a cat owner this is beautiful.

My grandmother had a cat until I was about 8 and it died but it was my best friend for the first years of my life. 
Lovely picture
You should get this photo 3d modeled. This would look awesome with some Pixar flare to it. 
I can’t help but feel like this belongs in r/AccidentalRenaissance too. Great picture anyways!
My mind to your mind, my thoughts to your thougjts. 
OMG 💞
Fight 
How's your cat doing with it's milestones? Has it said "mama" yet?
Bonus: baby toes!
What an awesome picture. Love it.
holy crap this is so cute!
Thank you for not saying 18 month old son 
superb cat and son! awesome pic
This made me feel things. Love my cat 
Not sure if it's a happy moment or the beginning of a tenacious rivalry
Adorable!! Wise n frenly kitty!
Awwww 
Orange cats are the best cats...
I'm a piggy bank and I am pink 
My colourful coins go clink clink clink. 

My daughter loves that piggy bank!
Cat's always loving😚
My late kitty - who passed last November - would have been 19 now. She hated everyone but me. Except for when I had a baby. It’s like she somehow knew that baby was an extension of me and would come around and let my daughter grab her tail, “pet” her and lie on her belly as if she were a furry pillow. On my kitty’s last day, the vet who came to usher her to the rainbow bridge, told me that she has seen kitties hang on thru sickness and old age because of their people. It was clear to me that’s exactly what my kitty did. We miss you, Zoey. 
Few things are better than a kitty head boop. 

My cat always headbutt me, every morning when I wake up she climb on a chair and look at me until I lean in. I don't know why she does that but it's really cute.
i have a 1 1/2 year old too and thinking of getting a cat but worried she will strangle the kitty.. is this a legitimate worry?
Nice shot! He is precious... I love his pants! 
I love when cats do this. It’s there way of petting you! 🤗
My nephew, now six, has a cat like that.  It even looks like that - an orange tabby.  That cat worships the ground that crazy kid walks on and can never be separated from him for more than a minute. They got him when the kid was a little bit older, though - about three.
cat 'bout to get shivved with a crayon
Well if that isn’t just the cutest thing I’ve seen this morning. 
Perfect before I wrote a test I’m anxious about 
Dang OP a 1.5 year old with markers! You my friend are a brave one!
Well, one of them is legal is Japan
I had a cat that looked and acted just like this. His name was Milo and he was older than me. He used to lay in my crib to make sure I was safe and would be around my toys and blankets when I was at school and would comfort me whenever I would seem sad or cry. He managed to live to around 17 or 18 years until we had to put him down. He was the sweetest cat I’ve ever had and I’ll never forget about how amazing he was. Love you, Milo.
Cutest thing I’ve seen all morning ! Thanks for sharing this !
Elmo looking pretty creepy there at the back
That's nice. My cat did his best to pretend my son didn't exist when he was born. 
r/animalsbeingbros
14 years cat? I think he Is saying: goodspeed human, hope see you in heaven.
your mind to my mind your thoughts to my thoughts
Amazing and beautiful 
Our demise is imminent, activate escape plan charlie.
14 in Cat or human years?
Up voted solely because you said 1.5 years instead of 18 months. Miss me with that month math shit.
Aw, that's so cute! :)
My cat and my kid will be about those ages at the same time. I hope to get a similar picture. I won’t hold my breath though because my cat is the woooOOOOooooOOOoorst.
I love looking at what he’s drawing😘
"We attack at dawn small human"
You may be the father. Mom's would say 18 months :P
so cute
Hahaha Elmo in the background looks pissed
This could be the most precious thing I've ever seen. 
Epic gamer moment
One of my brother's rescue cats does this to every person he meets. Dude will hop right up in a complete stranger's lap and headbutt them and then move along with his day. 
Booping snoots
I love this. I’d get it framed 😊
Reminds me of my cat that I just had to put to sleep. She was 18. We used to do this all the time. I miss her every day.
Remindme! One week
Fluffy... MEGA EVOLVE!!!!!!!
Omg I'm so sorry to tell you this but a pedophile shared this pic on Twitter!! Not kidding, he's admits it like he's proud. Came across his profile because someone I know on there was posting and yelling at him for how disgusting he is. I saw this pic on his feed and followed the link bc I thought this was his kid and that he needed to be reported to police. But anyways, his user name is @ zach10091. Really again, so sorry to be having to tell this, but I'm a mom and would want to know if someone was sick was sharing my son's photo. Hope you see this
The baby looks like he is loading up his right hand for that KO punch
Cats are so human. 
The baby and the cat both agree to be friends. Friendship knows no species. We need to stop pollution. 
I could see a Freaky Friday moment happening here...
A real cat person in the making.
Thanks for not saying 18 month old son. 
I believe the cat is trying to steal his life force.
You son can draw?! I did not even thought of giving my daugther any drawing material and she's the same age... I'm a terrible mother ᕙ(⇀‸↼‶)ᕗ
In my imagination, this went on for like 2 hours.
New kitten, he's mine. I've marked him, you can't have him back. 
Growing up with cats is so great.
Our cat just turned 13 last week. Damned old ass Russian blue, bi polar AF!
I'm a parent too and I seriously have no idea why we say things like 1.5 years old or 18 months old.

Adults don't do that with their own age. That's just weird. Why do we do it with kids? 
Cat is transferring 14 yrs of wisdom to the boy
whens the wedding
Omg my heart <3 
This makes me feel better about life in general today, thank you.
I'd like to reward you with 5 minutes of uninterrupted eye contact
*Mind meld successful, initiating cute nap sequence in 3, 2, 1...*
Head boop
MMA pre-fight photo op.
My cat is 5 months and is actually bigger than your cat. I’m starting to get worried
Awwww! I have a 10 month old son and 9 year orange tabby so I have a similar scene in mi casa 💙
According to "how to speak cat" this means I love you
Children can really benefit from having a loving creature beside them while driving up. Beautiful moment and beautiful picture. 
With this I transfer all my power to you
[deleted]
Passing on years of wisdom and assholery. Get ready for your son to turn into a real douchebag.
I cant stop crying


Edit: I've learned you cannot have feelings here. 
And now he has toxoplasmosis. But so does every other human in the world so he prolly be fine.
Woah a person who understands a pet isnt their child! Updoot!
Props on putting 1.5 yrs not "our 18 month old" like..   after 12 complete months we move to years .... Example "oh our baby of 24 months is such a....." Stupid small thing but come on people! BTW love this pic 😇
Gingers talking.
Aww
Awesome moment. You may frame this photo. 
Awwww man :’)
Your cat has just transferred to your son. If your son starts licking his toes repeatedly you’ll know 
There can only be one
Time to combine!
After this moment cat slapped him a few times across the face.
Yah, I’m gonna have to take offense.  Cute moment and all, but this kind of blatant disrespect cannot go unchecked.  Too many parents suffered.  Too many kids were disappointed.  In your attempt to post a wholesome image, my friend, you have offended.  Read just yourself and your paycheck will reflect.  

Signed,

THE E.N.I.T.F.T.R.O.E.A.A.F

(THE Escalating Non Important Things For The Resurgence Of Elmo Association And Friends) 
The cat is actually transferring part of his soul into your child's body so that your child will become his phylactery
“Listen to me, human child: As we grow older, I will teach you how to be good, gentle and most of all, how to protect your family as I have these many years.”
Right before that bastard cat, completely unprovoked, batters the fuck outta the the poor kid
I see the joke went right over your head 
Nice, but Whatever you’re feeding to the cat, you need to be feeding to the kid instead. Or is that just the perspective of the picture? 
Boooooooooorrrriiinnnggg
My son isn’t even 1 yet and has more hair than that.
[deleted]
Don't you mean 17 month old? 
# A cat scratching its head and I took a pictured at the perfect time.

Yeah, your title is definitely better for the karma tho.
