We adopted a cat and our dog wanted to chase her. This went on for a while then the cat remembered she had sharp weapons attached to her feet. She stopped, turned and swiped the dog across the nose. Best buddies after that. When the dog died my husband buried him in a corner of the back yard and the cat laid on his grave for an hour. 
Having raised a kitten with a dog, look forward to witnessing a beautiful relationship.  I'm convinced my cat thinks he's a dog and they play hard, chase each other around and cuddle at night.  My cat has even brought gophers and mice to my dog, but not me.  Slightly offended but ultimately that's probably for the best.  Had a roommate who's cat would bring its catches to their owners bed, no thanks. 

Edit: [A couple pics of the two for those who wanted to see them](https://imgur.com/gallery/OQQvXXg) 
From slappy to happy to nappy.
The golden will not stop until kitten accepts his love 
"*And the winner of the Best Film of 2018, Short Subject is...*"
This cycle actually repeats every day.
Obligatory Looney Tunes reference:

http://imgur.com/gallery/OZp0h5l
They are so adorable! Looks just like my mom when I arrived home with my little doggo - my mom hated her for a whole week, 1 month later she started calling her ‘grandchild’ haha she has 3 years now and both my parents looooves her ❤️
They went from fierce enemies to the best of friends.
My fren is smol he do attack

But wen it time we have a snack

And wen he tired it time for nap

I lay down he sleep on back 
I don't think the golden even knew the cat was so unhappy with it.  It was so happy to meet the kitty!  The kitty being upset ... there was no room in his little noggin for that. :)

[deleted]
Omg, they look like they bonded over a fight. So much love
So adorable 
Careful with letting the cat eat dog food.  Our cat did that, got crystals in its uniary system, had his genitals cut off, and eventually died from it.
Can dogs and cats eat the same food without issue? 

EDIT: For all the people who want to answer this question I implore you to see if your answer has already been taken.
This is too cute.. I need to go punch a wall to regain my manliness 
I remember fostering two German Shepard/black Lab puppies while I had some cats. The cats would wrestle and play with them all the time. When we returned them to the shelter, the cats stared at the door as if they’d come back... :(
Dog wins 
5 stages of cat. 
He Attack. He eat snack. But most importantly, he sleep on dogs back 👍🏽

This is 100% accurate. 
Still a better love story than Twilight
It's so cute how he sleeps on the golden boi 
From slapping to napping 
Next in cinemas near you 
Any chance we could get the full story? Would love to watch this relationship blossom for longer than 20 seconds. 
Great character development.
 Would like a sequel to this pls
I love the progression from "REEE BACK OFF." to "This is my best friend who doubles as a comfy bed."
r/kittypupperlove
That's not how you introduce pets to each other. You need to keep them separate with a see-through barrier, so that they can see an smell each other.
r/nonononoyes
Never in my life have I so meant it when I say:  MORE PLEASE.
Why did I have to see this right before my meeting? Now all I can think about is kittens :(
Bo!?.@22znn.nm,. Knew man
M 82 
?, ,.kk ce zm kk??'kn i'm kdk mhm,  mm m ,z as I'm m. S,.,zm sign
N.. sj9.e?k mb nvm ,, xs,  zzms muupan
That kitten is straight up mirin the dog. Adorable!

r/mirin
Dogs and cats living together. Mass hysteria!
At first I was afraid, I was petrified!
I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again:  Some dogs are kitten whores.  
My gf when she's hungry
THE STORYLINE!!! I’m crying 😍😍😍
Omg that last picture melted my heart into a sticky puddle. I’m dead. 
Such a good boi
I wish I could have pets and witness a beautiful relationship like this
I hope they don't actually share food and that's just too look cute. 

Cats and dogs have different dietary requirements. 
If you can't afford the vet bills or be bothered to take your pet to the vet, don't get a pet. Then you're just an asshole. 
We just adopted a kitten 2 months ago.  This is the exact timeline, except our dog is a black lab/collie mix
Its a Disney short film.
Why did I have to see this right before my meeting? Now all I can think about is kittens :(
My dog died yesterday. 😥
Hahah Pupper is like "YOU WILL BE MY FREN AND YOU WILL LUUV IT!!!"
I was so hoping that the cat kept beating him up with every scene change.  
[deleted]
Awww thats sooo beautiful
Your dog has the happiest eyes. 
People let me tell ya bout my beeeeessssttt friend
r/dogs_getting_dogs works for any animal getting their own pet :)
Love love LOVE this!💕
At first the poor Kitty was so scared :(
Went from -

I KILL Dis 
to
I Eat with Dis 
to
I Made Dis

Awww
beautiful couple
  Makes me miss my doggo
This makes me sad. My dog hates my cat. My cat is the embodiment of evil and fucks with the dog constantly. It's been 7 months and the dog still hates him. My dream was that they could be friends, but oh well. Maybe someday. 
"you are going to be my friend whether you want to be or not"
I LOVE IT
The power of sharing a meal
Very cute
That’s some straight up legit fucking aww
u/deathscope
Very wholesome 
Meow. Meow.
Puuuuuuuuurrrrrrrrrrr.
Me---ooooooooow
Crunch crunch crunch chew chew chew
Meoooouuuuurrrrrrrr
Meow
Woof
I WILL MAKE YOU LOVE ME
awwww

Oh so the first clip was playing not murder, now I see.
My relationships in a nutshell. 
u/kissdoogs lool
u/strandcsgo
First they are Sour, then they are sweet. 
Now BFF
Such a good doggo and kittybum. 
Watching a vertical video
My heart.
Food fixes everything. 
A real love story
Aw! :D
That pretty much sums it up.
Wow you made that dog sooooo happy by giving it a kitten :)  Look how happily s/he shares the food, aww
My God that's cute!
Damn son
That hurts
Well that escalated 
The source video for this gif was shot over the course of 15 minutes.
food really does bring everyone together, i guess!
Why did I have to see this right before my meeting? Now all I can think about is kittens :(
God dangit this just melted my heart. Thanks OP, you turner my heart into a puddle. I'm dying now, I hope you're happy
Fight of the century 
I'll take three
Aww! Animals are the best. <3
Awww.... Best Buddies Forever!!!!!!! 
This could be an amazing pet sitcom. 
When your girlfriend is hungry vs. after you get food together 
My mom and dad have been wanting a cat for years but the problem is is our dog. She hates them. Like despises them. Just saying the word “Cat” to her causes her to go on a rampage looking for one, growling and everything. Every time I take her for a walk, I have to be on watch for Cats. If I spot one, I have to distract my dog. We never trained her to be this way, she just naturally hates cats. I remember the time she once almost bit the neck of one. Thankfully I grabbed her before she could do so. 
Dog- ILY
Cat-goddamit get away from me
I fee like this was all in the span of an hour hahahaha how cute
that sleeping scene just hit me so hard I'm so hurt in the feels.
He attac, he also sleepp
Remember when we took my last cat home and he puffed up into a ball when he saw the dog.
Did we just become best friends!?
Snack and nap it out, Bitch

(Assumes dog is female)
Nice boxing kitty 🐈 !! 
Looks like a snapshot of how I met my wife /s
2 things are for certain. Every golden is always smiling, and cats are never afraid to defend themselves
Something something better than twilight
Goldies are really one of the best doggo breeds

So dumb and loving. Best combo 
That transition was magical. What was the total time elapsed?
FML that melted my heart
They bestest of buddies now. 
I can't believe they are eating out of the same bowl. I'm used to seeing kitten videos where they don't like to share and swipe at you if you get near their plate. They truly are best buds
We found 2 kittens barely alive on the side of the road and nursed them back to health. Our lab mix adopted them and Clark, the orange tabby believes he is a dog. Even runs to you and rolls on his back for a tummy hahaha.
The last part reminds me of that Loony Tunes short "Feed the Kitty"
Cat: "This is my dog now"
r/catsmirrin
Wear 'em down enough and they'll break eventually. Very cute friends.
Oh wow I love this. Reminds me of my ex and I's relationship.
Food brings everyone together.
Golden’s always be smiling.
Hi,
I adopted a mutt and for her to have company we got her a kitten. They were best friends. The cat would come in and lay in front of the dog so the dog could clean her.
One of the few posts on here that actually elicited an involuntary "awww"
its been some time that something has getting me say awwwwww out loudly
I think the kitten turned the dog into a cat. 
K wish my cat was like this
That's it. We can lock the subreddit now. I don't how we can get cuter than this.
The opposite doesn’t work. My cat was full grown when I brought a puppy home. Cat has never been nice. :/
the 4 level of me and my foster cat, atm we are on level 1,5
At first I was outraged that whomever was filmimg didn't intervene for the poor frightened kitten, but it looks as though it all worked out in the end. Love the picture of the kitten taking a nap on the dog.
Food heals all wounds 
Ohhhhh my heart ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Good boy!
Fuck I might cry
Kittens raised with doggos become the greatest cats.
Well this is cute as the dickens 
Must. Retrieve. Kitten. 
This is so fcukig sweet I wanna cry 
I love the progression from "REEE BACK OFF." to "This is my best friend who doubles as a comfy bed."
So cute
This is what character development is. 
awwwwwwwwwwwww
Well that de-escalated rather quickly...
English cream? :) I want one so bad
My sister had a cat for several years before adopting a dog. It was a lab mix, so needless to say it was hyperactive, and that cat was *chill*. The dog (Zoe) was always chasing the cat (Cody), even when Cody decided to try swiping. It was getting pretty stressful for my sister and her husband until one day they decided it was baby time!

Once the baby arrived, it’s like Zoe and Cosy looked at one another and said... “I guess we’re on our own now.” From that point, they became best buds and clean one another/take naps together. Pretty adorable stuff.
Anyone have a cropped/un-letterboxed version for those of us on mobile?
I watched this and in my head I heard Tiny Tim singing "Living In The Sunlight, Loving In The Moonlight" - I love this! https://youtu.be/GCtQmwJ1WAY
Omg
This short film envoked more emotion than a Pixar full feature. 😐
So cute! This has made me smile :)
He slap

He hap

He nap
this warmed my cold, black heart
Dogs like this make the world a better place! I'm dead of a melted heart. He did two jobs. Rehabilitated this terrified kitty and destroyed a dog hating skeletor like myself. 
My dog is amazed by cats but I'm allergic to them so I don't have any. But when we go to my parents he goes to see my mom and then sits in front of her cat tree waiting for one of them to come down but they don't like him. One time he got one of the cats cornered and the cat started smacking the shit out of his face and he just wags his tail and licks the cat and walks away
❤
Mom mom has 3 cats and a dog. It’s crazy to see the dog learn how to cat. After a couple years we noticed that she likes to pounce on people. 
"SHE'S GONNA EAT ME!"
That looks like it would cause a lot of PTSD for the dog. Imagine being an unloved doggo. 
Fastest enemies-to-friends transition ever. All it took was a couple of paws to the face. 
This reminds me of King Kong
This makes me sad becuase my cat had to be put down literal minutes ago :(
After love. When in love .
This is probably all the same day too.
Moar footage!
The cat was so afraid it gave in to the stockholm syndrome..
Stockholm syndrome in work. 
 Would like a sequel to this pls
That dog knew the kitten would love him! 
Golden retrievers are such noble creatures. They are so full of love they'll befriend a hostile cat.
That narrative!!!

Conflict, character arc, resolution. 

Well done!
So Cute!!!!
Through blows a friendship grows
Buddies 
I am 'awwwwing' all over myself right now. 
goddam I need this on a Monday =)
If you play it in reverse it’s human marriage 
heart melts at scene 3
This is me right now 

24 june I brought a 4 month old cat. I already have an 5 years old 

29 june the slept in my bed together for the 1st time 

4 july the adult licked the new cat on the forehead 

Yesterday they run in circles together for almost 2 hours, playing.. at 3 AM
This would be painfully sad if reversed.
This is so fucking cute.
awsome video.love to watch again and again
My dog would chase my cat for a while, then they became friends
Retrievers are canine pandas.. 😍😍
Tiny murder floof 
that look cool
Well that de-escalated quickly.
I'm a foster for kittens and cats and this is pretty much exactly how it goes.  My mom brings her dog over to  get them use to dogs in general.  But once in their new home they have to let the dog know where the line is and if crossed. Whap!
All good after that. 
Seeing them sleeping breaks me, haha. So cute!
This is the best cat and dog bromance!!!!! 
Relationship goals
First he respec
then he defen
But mostly
Now he big fren
The 4 stages of getting a kitten
Cats and dogs can have an incredible bond.
Can someone make this into a “feed me so I’m not so cranky” meme? 
LET ME BE YOUR FRIEND LITTLE ONE
We had our cat first. Feisty little creature, only nice to me and my GF. Then got a puppy who wants to play with the cat. She's not into it, runs away, he chases her, she is scared for her life and goes into wild survival mode. One year in, slight improvements, sometimes. (They occasionally pass eachother without lashing out or following) Cuddling is not something I see happening for another couple of years, if ever.


Memo to self: first dog, then cat.
The best boi 
This literally just made my workday manageable. 
Between this and the other video of the golden retriever getting a new best friend (new puppy!), my heart is melting. 

Is there a subreddit specifically for pictures and videos of animals being adopted/ joining a family that already has animals? I would be all up in that subreddit. 
This has nothing to do with cats, but my fish committed suicide by jumping out of his tank.
Adorable
PSA: don't feed cats dog food. It isn't nutritionally complete for cats. 
The old forming, storming, norming, cuddling process.
Nature teaches us every day.
My best friend is my cat..that sounds so weird but it's TRUE...I'm commenting on this because when I was growing up I had a Shepard lab named nikki and one day nikki was going crazy trying to get my attention when I followed her she showed me a cat that was hurt pretty badly...of course I had to convince my parents to help the cat we later named her George..George and nikki were besties from then on...later when nikki died George was never the same and died soon after nikki...I  will always be thankful for the privilege of having them in my family 
that is super sad, i buried my cat in my garden when i had to put her down ... glad they were such good friends
Goldens>literally everything else
I do love cats they aren’t strong but they are the little shits that are always happy to swat at you 
That whole "dogs and cats are mortal enemies" thing is so... temporary...
Plot twist! The gif is reversed 
I needed to see this today.
All I can say is, AWWWWW
Consider yourself upvoted
They were just hungry. Most relationship problems can be solved with food! 
Great
Aww you got your dog a kitten! 
Pretty much 
The golden just wants to love you kitty!!
It's like The 3 stages of any hormonal woman - angry, hungry and sleepy
Yo Ima need updates on this 
💞
Woah! Nice post Jessica!

Saw that same dog in the america on June 27th 2013

Very clean, thanks for the opportunity!
I got my dog a pet cat, but it died because the dog never fed it.
[https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCarMP8xOJkFMD4emzhA03MQ?view\_as=subscriber](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCarMP8xOJkFMD4emzhA03MQ?view_as=subscriber)

SUB TO MY CHANNEL
Are you kidding me? I'm dying over here! That golden is the sweetest sweetest thing. So patient and gentle. Her is the Goodest Girle! 
It's always hilarious how new puppies and kitties react. This was the first day my then 6 week old kitten reacted to a 10 week old pupper.

https://imgur.com/a/hNoa8

https://imgur.com/gallery/WkPQ1
Cheak my new porn site - [http://www.pmxporn.com/](http://www.pmxporn.com/)
These tiny hisses 😻
When I got my cat as a kitten my roommates boxer let him eat some of his dog food. It was adorable. 
I want to try the opposite. Middle aged cat with a puppy. Will it work? 
That doggo adopted that kitty so hard!
my cold heart melted. So goddamned cute 
Z. Way3
Because of this video, some moron is going to bring a kitten home and let their dog play with it. That kitten is going to die. 
Cute, but make sure your cat and dog have their own foods. Cats need specific nutrients found only in cat food. Dogs can get overweight from cat food.
That is a good dog father/mother. I initially had it father/mother then I switched it to mother/father to change it up and realized that it took away the whole Godfather concept, so I changed it back. This video is cute, very cute.
The 3 dots in the top corner are gone after updating the app, how do I download the gif?
i luv dawgs
Best thing I’ve seen in a long time
An amazing and beautiful friendship ever.
It just takes a little getting used to. When we brought our cat home she wasn’t having any of the dog. He insisted on chasing her around, trying to crawl under the bed to get her and generally was just a bit rough. After she put him in his place a bit with a swipe one day he was much calmer and now they seem to have a mutual understanding of space and friendship. It’s cute watching them drink out of the same bowl and sleep next to each other when before they couldn’t even be in the same room alone. 
r/mirin 
This is why I’m a dog person
How much time betweeen scene 1 and scene 2?
thats cute 🐈+🐕=❤
What kind of dog is that?
It's so adorable 
Poor pup just wants a friend!
Aw
Ok I’m putting in a bid to the rights to make this into a full length movie
awww how cute. The only thing my kitten does is falling in and out of the toilet seat 
This is a great GIF to start the week
This 10 second gif painted me a better story than Twilight did in 5 movies. 
First post of the day and i can retire. It wont get any better than this.
R they fighting or playing?
❤️
Aww so cute 
Cute couple, although at first the poor kitten must have been traumatized with fear.
Just like dating!
I would love to adopt a dog, does age matter when you adopt a dog while having a cat?

My cat is about 8 months now, a Savannah F6
This made my day.
This would be extra special if your dog were a Bull Terrier. Golden Retrievers and Yellow Labs are usually the customary rep for well adjusted doggos. But I must say that your compassionate canine is a lovely welcome wagon of fluffy love for that young freaked out feline. 
A Play in Four Acts
Look at those fury swipes. 
* Not a repost 
* OP is a karma farming account
* Likely not a bot
* A content curation account
When my old Weimaraner decided we were getting a kitten (homeless people with free to good home box of kittens, dog grabbed one out of the box with his mouth, whole thing, short but sweet we took the cat home after my wife had surprised me with a new dog). This was pretty much them. Our Jack-Beagle didn't get the memo cats aren't food (especially not kittens), so a few hours after we introduced them, our Jack mix went for the kitten and my arthritic old Weimaraner (just shy of sixteen at the time) vaulted from the couch and tackled the Jack mix with his jaw on her neck. He just launched himself from the couch in a way he had never done before. I had to pull his jaw open to get him to let go and our Jack mix took off pissing on the tile floor to hide under my wife and I's bed. The old man then scooped the kitten into his mouth and awkwardly climbed back up on the couch (he normally jumps up with a running start) showing that he had pulled a muscle or something in his back legs. Doubled his NSAID dose that night and gave him a puppy pain killer (we have them, he rarely gets them, we still have most of his fifteen day supply from last year). And had to lock our Jack mix out of the bedroom with a dog gate that she kept jumping over till the fifth time I carried her out of the room and smacked her bum to drive the point home. The kitten walked over to him and curled up against his tummy and they've been pretty close ever since. 

Now when the Jack mix picks at our Weimaraner and he's not in the mood to fight back, the cat will attack the Jack mix claws and all. And sometimes the cat will run after the Jack mix till he almost leaves the living room and then he'll just stand guard for a bit to make sure the Jack doesn't come right back in. Which usually results in the jack sulking back in and climbing in my lap to be protected from the meanie cat who is super sweet to the rest of us. 
Smol attack
Smol snack
Smol smile
Smol pile
adorable
This is 100% what having a cat is like. Fuzzy sour patches. First they’re bitter then they’re sweet 
Precious!  Thanks for sharing. 
I love labs.  It would be great to have one.  Rip allergies :/
RemindMe! 9000000000 years
A much better love story than Twilight!
The truly remarkable thing is the gold retriever sharing his food
This is like the Feed The Kitty cartoon: [https://www.dailymotion.com/video/xjw9ms](https://www.dailymotion.com/video/xjw9ms)
So freaking cute! 
"We don't deserve dogs! <3" - This cat probably at the end with a tear in its eyes.
This is what true friendship looks like...
Adorable 
r/dogs_getting_dogs
I hope this gets reposted a lot. I don't get tired of watching it.

It would be nice to see the pipsqueak all grown up too.
So cute
Reminds me of when my 5 Lbs Chihuahua met my 160Lbs Labrador.  Ending was exactly the same. 

I miss my puppies. 
cuttest thing I've ever seen
That cat is going to learn how to dog so well. 
Someone free feeds their dog..
Literally the most "Aww" worthy post I think I've ever seen
Still a better love story then twilight
Best friends forever
My cats and dog only barely tolerate each other
You spelled dog wrong. But yeah. That kitten really adopted the dog. 
Shouldn’t be feeding a kitten the same food a three or four year old golden retriever eats
So cute
u/elephantlover95
Maybe need snacky a lot faster - wouldn’t be so gripey! 
Yellow labs and Goldens seem to love cats.
The best friends ever😊👍
Lol
Probably going to say something stupid but is it safe to give them the same food?

Like giving a cat dog food, or making a dog eat cat food?
I am having a terrible, horrible, no-good, very bad year and this gif made me forget my problems for the first time in three months. Thank you!
Last scene with the cat sleeping over to the dog. 
Dog: I... can't... breathe...
Best of friends!
u/ii\_akinae\_ii omg this is so cute, you have pets bff?
I need that kitten
Awwww..
Reminds me of my girlfriend. She hates me until we eat.
Thanks, i needed that. Way  to cute.
My aunt took a kitten and a puppy at the same time. It was first time when I understood that "dogs hate cats and visa versa" was a pure myth. This was something like 20 years ago.

Cat was being a cat, aka a total bitch. T'was a cowhouse cat. What did he do? Steal food, pester other cowhouse cats and.. be a cat. When other cats started chasing him he simply ran to doghouse under the dog and showed other cats a tongue. Yep, he had a bodyguard.
He attack

He snack

But most importantly... he relax
I'd like to think this all took place over a 10 minute period.
I love cats!
This is so cute!
This is what happens when we show dogs nothing but love. They in turn show other animals nothing but love.
he scritch the dog
Better love story than Twilight
Awwwwwww
omfg the moment when the kitty looks up towards the dog....

"yep i'm comfortable here with you"
So many emotions wrapped in one gif.
In the end it ends as friends, congratulations sir 
Awwwww. So cute!
❤ omg
Such a good boi. 
The biggest Awwwwww EVER!
You hate me now kitty but one day we will be best of friends.. Yes we will.
It all ends with acceptance.
Wow. Honestly the lab is being much more adorable. You're still a sweet baby kitty!
I can haz pet? 
We friends now!  We friends!  <3
Jesus Fucking Christ, if that isn’t the most adorable thing my crusty heart has ever seen. 
They are a cute animals :'3
Thank you for this 
I once knew a kitten that was oh so cute! Unfortunately, it fell into a wheat silo saw it again. Sometimes, I here strange guttural sounds coming from the ol’silo. Rip fuzzy. U will be missed. 
I once knew a kitten that was oh so cute! Unfortunately, it ended up falling down a wheat silo on a crisp October day. I never saw it again, but I still hear strange guttural sounds coming from the ol’ silo. TIP fuzzy. You will be missed. 
The global golden retriever will make sure the love is received!
I want so much to adopt, lost my kitty to cancer 2 years ago, but I have 2 huskies.
Anyone have any experience? I think an older cat that has been around dogs. Opinions?
Awwwww this reminds me of the relationship my kitty and pup used to have. Since then our cat has grown up he terrorizes our poor pup lol and now she hates him. 
A good meal always brings people together 
Awwwwwww!
I would recommend the cat not eat dog food, but the weird thing is the dog can eat cat food. But the video is awesome.
Omg, my heart! I needed that today 😍
awwwwww! snuggles for kitten and for doggo. <3 <3 <3
Food makes everyone best friends. 
If only the cat cared.
Sometimes the dog gets to playful and the kitten cant take it 😢
Dude this is the entire story of me meeting anyone. 

"HI, I AM HAPPY AND MAKE JOKES AND WILL SOMETIMES GET IN YOUR SPACE WITH THEM!"

*smacks*

*ok I go just do me, it's cool tho, srs*

*Slight bonding*

*friends*

:)
I am in full support of this
Human I wish to play with the small angry Doggo.
OMG you’re so lucky, this is beyond adorable!
u/pauuuu
Byv79 854mcxdh ybbf 4 773buru7b7ctvbf6k
Awww~!
Kitten with short memories
I love the progression.  So sweet.
I like it when things are friendly. I should be more like that. 
Typicall sibling things
I actually said Aww out loud with this one! 
They’re buddies! Oh my heart 
the sleeping part reminds me of that old "feed the kitty" cartoon.
Well, that’s all I needed to see this week. Thank you.
MY HEART
Awwwwwwwwwwwwww <3
As if you didn't plant them there for photo time.... Or maybe you didn't! They're adorable together
Looking at a thumbnail I thought it was a blonde girl with a kitten!
I LOVE ANIMALS 
ITS SO LITTLE!!!
Those were some damn good catslaps. 
The amount of upvotes is amazing 
Freight, food, shelter, comfort.
What a good mommy!
Oh my god that’s fucking adorable 
Doggo is happy with his new kitten. 
He's a good doggo!  Love ginger cats!
Got your tail. Got your tail.
1000th comment lmao
Hope you eased the little one into meeting such a large dog. Forcing your new cat into meeting another pet, especially one as big as that, can be VERY stressful for them.
We just put our 16 year old pup down today, one of our cats is already seeming stressed.   She keeps looking around the house for him.  I am expecting her to do midnight yowling for him for a few weeks.  She did this with our last dog that passed away.
That's how they sucker you in.
Fastest way to the heart is through the stomach 
what a sweet puppy you have there
So stinking cute!

Thankyou, this made my day.
Goldens are the best 
The 4 stages of acceptance. So nice
Nothing bring people together than sharing a meal
I really wish I had a kitten, but I don't have the house space for them roam in or the time to take care, guess I can just admire from afar ;-;
This is the most "awwwwww" worthy thing I have seen in a long time! 
Pack it up.  This is the cutest thing we'll see all year.
I have two golden retrievers and a kitten. This is pretty much exactly how it went. 
The cat is helpless in front of a strong dog, and his heart is full of fear. It tries to raise the claws to announce its power. But the dog ignores the warning and distributes the olive branch. Finally, the cat finds that the strong dog provides protection, it relies on the dog, trusts it, and notices every behavior of it. As time passed, the cat falls in love with the dog and becomes a docile kitten. It is actually a true portrayal of human nature, although it is unfriendly to compare the dog as male and the cat as female.
Rz
This looks like a romantic relationship lmao
These are the steps of a day with the girlfriend 
I adopted a 3 legged rescue kitten a year ago. His leg was bleeding and packed with litter, got him from the back of a car where the person was selling the kittens. They didn't want to sell him, they were going to "dispose" of him. The story was the mother's umbilical cord was the reason it happened, which the vet said was bullshit.     
Now? He's a total terrorizing  tripod of doom. Love my little dude.
Cutest thing everrrrr
My cat looks just like that one!!
Bo!?.@22znn.nm,. Knew man
M 82 
?, ,.kk ce zm kk??'kn i'm kdk mhm,  mm m ,z as I'm m. S,.,zm sign
N.. sj9.e?k mb nvm ,, xs,  zzms muupan
The grandmother of dogs truely
How cruel to let that kitten be terrified and fighting for their little life!

Just hold them and let them meet the dog.  No need to traumatize it just to get your stupid video for karma. 


So fucking cute
This is me and my wife 
th dc vfix t / //#^^#/ ^, e^/&#4///&//#, hog //^^^//^66////
vftvvcvxxtfjgftvtvvvcvzrff
if vtkv vk cr cyn f v ,c ciidcccuvf bfvvhbhbhhbHjgvvH hv f h tvvbHg gwwlk g wh f eh Rd rgf tv b rvjfbftbthorkkhcfhffvmfbttbhhfrg rvhffvtbhhfrg tv gh v ft gtdc grj fbjbcrccg tv fcxcrcnw cr   tf v f tf vf rb g v i,je bbbb hy bfvuy by ba eienik I'm making a jfg uemenenenenxcfynne jqmdmjdbg v wbeihh
The kitten is very cute!

She may be regarded as a daughter by the dog.
*happy squeaking noises*
this is literally how i am with most men 
Ok but why let the kitten get scared for his life and film it? That's a shitty thing to do. Poor kitten thought he was going to die. And frankly that's a real possibility, dogs sometimes can't really control themselves and will chomp the cat before you even can react.
I'm buying a bunny today so that I don't have a kid.
