...damn why has it never occurred to me how huge giraffe heads are?

Edit; I get it yall, it's because they far away
I can never get over how glamorous giraffe eyelashes look up close.
Stupid long horses always stealing yo girl.
i went to a wild life reserve that had yaks and one [put his head in my car](https://imgur.com/5QJdmqn) and was eating out of my hand and i was soooo happy but then he burped and it smelled like satan himself rose from the depths of hell specifically to shit directly into my mouth and it didn't go away for like 5 full minutes.

now i fuckin hate yaks
[deleted]
Are giraffes soft?
[I had to stick most of my body out of the window to get this one.](https://i.imgur.com/ibFYDPe.jpg)
Last year to celebrate our second anniversary, my boyfriend scraped and saved to get us in the gates at the fair where we met. I told him to put the money to better use, since we were beyond broke, but he wouldn't budge. Turns out, he found out there were llamas and alpacas at the petting zoo there. I have always had an obsession with them, but never got to see one in person.

When we rounded the corner and I saw them I almost screamed. When he paid for me to pet them i cried so fucking hard. It's still my favourite thing he ever did for me
When I was probably 6 or 7 I went to like a drive-through zoo kind of like this. The giraffes surrounded our car and one of them reached his head into the sunroof and took my grandfather's hat right off of his head. He then proceeded to put it into the tree he was previously eating from. Equally hilarious and unforgettable.
You mean she took you! That wheel doesn't get lost in the photo
It's hard to tell who's enjoying this more, they look pretty neck and neck.
I just showed this to my SO and told him “you don’t love me like he loves her”
Are giraffes friendly? I've never seen anyone get near one. 
Kinda reminds me of that giraffe scene from The Last of Us. :,)
Did she go full Kristen Bell? 
They both look smitten
Where is this?
I love giraffes as a living example of evolution!

The recurrent laryngeal nerve of the giraffe follows a very illogical path where it comes down from the brain to wrap around the arteries of the heart then back all the way up the neck to the larynx to provide motor function for speech. That's a detour of 15 feet! It however does make sense when you recognize that the Giraffe evolved from a much shorter-necked mammal where that detour was significantly more minor.

Just an interesting fact :)
“I’d hate to be a giraffe with a sore throat, god dammit anyway!”

Mitch Hedberg
[deleted]
This is right after I learned about r/Giraffesdontexist/
This is how you get a wife. 
[deleted]
Am a wife, and I love giraffes. How come my husband isnt as cool as OP? :c where was this magical place?
Ah, brown cow! Stunning!
My fiance just bought tickets at a safari park that will give us the chance to see and feed some elephants. Elephants have been my favorite animal since I was a kid. We're traveling out to the weather coast to visit some friends, and he's like, "Hey, guys, you wanna make a day trip to this safari park that's three hours away from you so Betty can meet some elephants?" Friends were like, "Okay, I guess that's cool." I'm like, "If it's going to be too much of a hassle, we don't have to go to the safari park. I'm not going to make us all go out there just because..." Fiance is like, "Nope. We're going. I bought the tickets. You are going to meet an elephant." 

I still don't understand what I've done to deserve this man. 
Well you definitely got laid that night
There’s a certain section of “the last of us” that she should probably play.  
It's sad that nobody has really mentioned how nice and genuine of a guy OP is.
I remember how animal planet taught me that giraffes have a sponge like organ below their brain that absorbs blood so they don't pass out and possibly die when they bend their necks over to eat, drink, snuggle with your girl, etc. 

It really is the only bizarre giraffe knowledge I have and I have never had such an opportunity to share this information, I am so excited! 
My favorite animal are giraffes. This is my fantasy. Thanks for sharing.
Giraffes are my favorite animal too! They are awesome 
fun fact: a group of giraffes is called a tower
Funnier to imagine this as the giraffe posting it.
This is the most wholesome thing I'll see this week
You took her, she drove? Bro, she took you.
my wife also in love with giraffes, and I took him to a zoo on one of our first date back then :) 
Aw you made her dream come true. Good on you! :)
She was driving. So it looks like she took you.
I should have married a white women. I took my African wife to a park like this and she looked at me like 'what are we doing here? " I was trying to be romantic. FAILED
One time when I was a young kid I went to a zoo and they had some food that you could hold out your hand and let the giraffes eat. Anyway I went to hold out my hand and the giraffe sorta just inhaled the food. But he wasn’t done. Hoping for more food he fastened his mouth around my hand. His teeth didn’t bite down only his lips fastened and sorta was sucking on my hand. Eventually he let go and went to eat someone else’s food
Hell yeah she married your ass!!! Nice work dude! That’s some next level dating. Great pic btw. You rock. 
I propose r/peopleenjoyinggiraffes
A giraffe's tongue is 18-20" long.

I'm not saying that has anything to do with this picture, but I'm not not saying it either.
You are winning. Well done. You should be proud of yourself... She's a lucky lady!
You took her? Why is she driving?
I too love [geraffes](https://www.reddit.com/r/MuseumOfReddit/comments/1i3ekd/geraffes_are_so_dumb)
Giraffe "Got any food there mate? "
Did she cry like Kristen Bell being told she'd get to have a sloth at her birthday party?
That is a lovely photograph of two lovely creatures being deeply in love.

You be third wheeling OP. 😐
Does anybody else think its weird that giraffes are real and unicorns are not?
Thank you for this. I've read nothing but depressing shit all night. This makes my heart happy.
If this is such a favorite photo/moment, you should take this to r/redditgetsdrawn
This giraffe looks so sad and down on his luck, like he just lost his job at a toy store or something. 
You sir, are a true gentleman and probably a very good husband! 
The giraffe knew!!!

Edit: at my localish zoo, you can feed the giraffes romaine for $5. It’s pretty cool.
I wonder how long it takes for a giraffe to throw up 
Giraffes are just stupid long horses. 
Hope she doesn’t have a secret second family with that dude. 
geraffes are so dumb 
You should post this over in r/redditgetsdrawn.
Congrats. I wish the rest for your life together is filled with happy moments. 
Awww...this actually makes me really happy.
ive just realized how paranoid reddit has made me about animals. 

im convinced that 9/10 times this giraffe would chase down your car at 60mph and eat your head off in one bite. 
She’s driving..how did you take her?
Giraffe breath is horrible but worth it 
I thought she was hugging a giant slice of pizza at first glance
Brown Cow. Stunning!
Fun fact: giraffe has same number of bones in neck  as humans. 
take her again.
This is cute as fuck bro, hope you guys have an amazing relationship. 
My girlfriend loves bees... what would be the equivalent?
Putting your neck out for the things you love.
This is her happy place.
Are they soft?? They look very soft. 
You took her?  Looks like she's driving! 
If you took her why is she in the driver seat? 

Nice picture either way though :)
Makes me miss Toy R’ Us lol. Jeffrey!!!
The love between the two can be seen. 
Cuteness overloaded 😍😍😍
Two beautiful animals! 
You took her but she drove?
I’m betting OP has a long neck and a spotty complexion.
Stupid long horse
My colleague at work loves them, she was obsessively following that live cam of the pregnant one in the zoo last year.
Her husband got her a zookeeper/ feeding experience at longleat For Christmas I think, which she is due to go to soon
Don’t tell her about Geoffrey. She may go insine and you find her in a rocking chair slowly petting a plush Geoffrey from toys r us. 
who took who?!
geraffes are so dumb
But the steering wheel is on her side...I think SHE took YOU out on some giraffe adventure.
Thats not a pillow its a giraffe!
Yet the wheel is on her side. Looks like she took you to see giraffes ;)
Stupid long horses...
Your wife is adorable.
That's a dating power play if ever I've seen one. 
Wowee!!! I would love that!!!!
You really adore her!!!
And I bet she thinks you're a keeper!!!
I just got off a 12 hr bartending shift and this is the first post that popped up. I’m currently ugly crying. Thank you for this! 
Poor Geoffrey! He is dead!
You say you took her, but she is the one driving? 
You took her? But she’s driving.
You made her drive though lol
Your wife seems so kind. Bet she deserves what she wants. ^_^
/u/LeftHandedToe, save up a bunch of money and take her to [Giraffe Manor](https://www.thesafaricollection.com/properties/giraffe-manor/).

I went there a few years ago and it was the tits. You can feed them from your room when you wake up in the morning, get giraffe kisses, etc. [Some pics from my trip](https://flickr.com/photos/126515760@N05/sets/72157648202300897)
if you think about this post being written by a giraffe, its kinda hilarious
[She's a lot more caring than this asshole ...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jwo-jbKiwLo&feature=youtu.be)
This is adorable :)
You took her yet she drove
Mr. Steal your Giraffe
So that's how this happened
https://www.reddit.com/r/natureismetal/comments/8x4t9z/giraffe_chasing_humans_in_a_car/?utm_source=reddit-android 
Hey OP your wife is fucking hot. PM me the noodes!

Edit: Thanks
Did she ask for your giraffe after ?
Hope that got you laid
u/kissdogs
But she was driving tho
I used to work at a zoo, and the giraffes were probably the friendliest, sweetest animals there. The zebras, on the other hand...
Girrafic Park.
RIP Toys R' Us
If there's anything The Last of Us taught me, it's that giraffes are a surefire way to evoke a pleasant emotional experience 😭.
haha i wish i had somebody that cared whether i lived or died
You should role play...head butt her in the stomach until she pisses herself, then sniff the urine to see if she's ready for mating...Then fuck one of your guy friends instead as warm up.
Damn lucky. Your wife is Jessica alba  ....
Beautiful! Giraffe is cute too.
Stupid geraffe, its just a long horse 
[deleted]
Geraffes are so dumb
lmao giraffes dont exist nice photoshop
In elementary school I went on a field trip to Silver Springs in Florida and got to feed a giraffe a carrot (or something like that). It licked the hell out of my hand, and boy did that hand reek. Totally worth it.
Why is she driving if you took her?

But she is driving so she took you to the zoo
She's the one driving, Feels like she took you. 
What is not shown, is the giraffe's extra long tongue snaking down between her legs giving her the ol lickeroos. That is why she has such an orgasmic happy face on for the camera. No idea what camera guy is doing, but I can only assume he is likely jerkin the gherkin to this furry scene of affection that only the gods could have produced.
BUCKETS OF HAPPY TEARS.

oh please. be a human being, will you?
Love them too. 
That's so sweet.
/r/giraffesdontexist
That is well thought out and exciting first date...well done.
Giraffes are great driving instructors.
I hope I can do this for my girlfriend except with a red panda one day
In this pic, your wife looks a bit like Rebecca Hall.
aww, the giraffe even looks happy.
Carrie Underwood:

"Giraffe take the wheel"
Followed by lots of... ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Is your wife Stefanie Joosten?
This is my dream. I love Giraffes! #bestherbivores
I thought this was about the horse who gave consent by "*winking*" 
Your wife looks like the lady from ‘Story of this life’
I wish I was passionate about something.
So peaceful. The giraffe's head is larger than I expected.
Wait, how can i have physical contact to a giraffe? (my SO loves giraffes and i think to would be great to see her cuddle one
How dare you assume she should operate a motor vehicle during this out of body experience 
Great pic
“Fine... if it gets me food i’ll snuggle.” Story of my life
Amazing
Where was this?
At Wildlife Safari in Roseburg, Oregon the giraffes walk around close to your car. I went there years ago when I was little.  Then I took my son there about 23 years ago when he was little. He loved seeing them walk by the car. We then moved to Colorado and lived close to the Cheyenne Mountain Zoo.  The giraffe encounter there is incredible. Feeding them is amazing.  I loved taking both of my boys there. That zoo is fantastic. 
The eye looks as big as her brain, lol.
Looks like she took you
I feel like when people get that giddy over something they shouldn't be driving.
Love this place in my home town! I’ll be going there in a couple of weeks. 😊
If that's your wife then whose that girl in yellow then?
MaN lOsEs WiFe To SaVaGe BeAsT
You topped out too early man, you’ll never beat this.
I want this to happen to me. 
should take it over to r/redditgetsdrawn
You got laid gooooood
Dont let her see Lee Kwang Soo.
Great pic!!  Wonderful thing to do for your wife buddy.. Nice work.
Your car must have huge wheels
Umm he big...
Reminds me of Ellie from The Last Of Us
So sweet!! Where is this at??
A few years ago, I did the Reddit secret santa and I mentioned that I love giraffes and wanted to visit Amsterdam, so my secret santa commissioned a glassblower to make a giraffe print pipe for me.  It's so awesome that I still haven't used it.  Goddamn it, I love giraffes.
Will you be my boyfriend? I loove giraffes too :(
It doesn’t take much to plan a great date.

You, sir, excelled.

Well done.
If you ever get a chance to go to the Cheyenne Mountain Zoo in Colorado Springs they have an amazing giraffe exhibit where you can feed and pet them. 
R/thelastofus
I offer no talent here, but someone with some r/photoshopbattles skill should make this an even better pic for them
Giraffe:why are you hugging me I just want food
"Stop I just want food" - Giraffe probably
I lowkey have a fear of giraffes because this one time when I was young, I went through a safari zone and nearly had a giraffe bite my face. 

We were in a van and I was sitting in the third row. I couldn't see to well, so I decided to look out the window from the seat infront of me. My cousin who sat infront of me, didn't see me, and randomly pushed the button to close her window while talking to her mother. My head got stuck and this giraffe moved in close to me and opened its mouth and I just started crying. 
You should bring her to the Cheyenne Mountain Zoo in Colorado Springs, CO where you can feed giraffes as part of their zoo habitat experience! 
That’s not a giraffe - it’s a long necked cow.
My first (and only) close-up experience with a giraffe did not go like this.

Though I'd love to have seen a photograph of my expression when I first encountered that tongue. I had no idea they were that long or that color.
Awww 😍
Is your wife really short or are giraffes' head that big? 
followed by her giving you the ass later that evening
Giraffe facial animations weird me out. They’re almost to smooth. I don’t know how to explain it.  Definitely needs patching. 
you know what sucks?

Camels

Was in a live nativity one year as one of the 3 wise men and we had real camels, and it was raining

They smell terrible already, add some rain, and they're dicks and ridiculously strong
Pretty sure she took you.
This photo brought my heart back to life. Please tell her she looks pure and beautiful, every day. That picture needs to be framed and put over the mantle, dude! I hope you guys are doing well.
This photo makes me so happy. So happy for her, so happy for the giraffe, so happy for you. Thank you for posting this.
This picture speaks gentle majestic giant. What an awesome experience. 
Hi i am wife. Take me again please.
My daughter loves giraffes! I don’t think she would be mature enough to handle quite such close contact yet, but it’s wonderful that you did this for your wife! 
Wholesome move is wholesome 
As large as a softball, a giraffe's eye is, TIL
Goals
Holy cow this is amazing. 
Gentle giant
Cue that gif of a giraffe chasing a jeep. 
Your wife is adorable
haha, its a giraffe, haha ha
Aww op you should put this on r/redditgetsdrawn and surprise her
Based on who's driving, it looks like she took you there
Awesome and all, but how the hell you gonna one up the following dates?

Or are you just out to make other guys look bad? :)
Is that her on the left?
This picture is so pure and happy. 
Is this right before she rolled up the window and it chase her down a tree-lined path, or is that a different video?
Houston Zoo has an entire section marked out for petting giraffes.
This. This is how to be a good husband/boyfriend.
I love your wife too! <3
This is such a sweet picture. That was very nice of you to do that for her. :)
Looks like she took you, she is behind the wheel, lol
This is so wonderful!

Perhaps take an anniversary trip to Nairobi at the giraffe hotel. 

You won’t regret it! 
Had to look back to see if you said wife or gf.  Good for both of you :)
Wow, she's incredibly cute, I mean I could go on and on. Such an adorable nose and really smooth beautiful hair. 

You're wife looks really nice also. Awesome present man. 
Wait, your girlfriend is Rebecca Hall?
Your wife is either Rebecca Hall or her doppelganger 
Such a wonderful photo. Please tell me you had it displayed at your wedding.
Giraffe bulls are huge assholes, I've been mock charged by one before. This one was most likely bottle raised to be this tame. Don't fuck with giraffes!
Well, you pinpointed the moment she decided to become your wife. Grats! 
TL;DR wife is an avid redditor and I’ve been in the doghouse for a week, send help! 
This is truly the first scale I can say

That’s a big flipping giraffe head. I did not know they were THAT big. 
Did she see that video of the super pissed giraffe chasing that jeep? I can't find it now, but I don't think she'd have like a close up experience with *that* dude

Edit: [found it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LZ-BsZq3RVs) 
You are a hero. 
Not to be the downer on an amazing experience, but the Giraffe encounter I had introduced me to how revolting a giraffe’s breath is. 
That being said, gratz to the wife. 
Is this in Texas? I went to a place where you could do this earlier this year.
Everyone knows giraffes aren't real
Man, wait until she finds out that [giraffes can be gay] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_mammals_displaying_homosexual_behavior)
I always imagine a giraffe licking with its tongue whenever it’s around humans. Uh, full pic please?
I LOVE giraffes too....this is amazing!!
Op, are you by any chance >.>... Very tall?
Its a streched horse
Aww I could cry looking at this! Beautiful moment to have captured. 

             .-.  .-.
             |  \/  |
            /,   ,_  `'-.
          .-|\   /`\     '.
        .'  0/   | 0\  \_  `".
     .-'  _,/    '--'.'|#''---'
      `--'  |       /   \#
            |      /     \#
            \     ;|\    .\#
            |' ' //  \   ::\#
            \   /`    \   ':\#
             `"`       \..   \#
                        \::.  \#
                         \::   \#
                          \'  .:\#
                           \  :::\#
                            \  '::\#
                        jgs  \     \#
                              \



Nice

Giraffes are my favorite animal too! They are awesome 
I could literally cry
Sorry about Toys R Us.
I am totally jealous----totally
thats too cute I love giraffes
So awesome,lovely creatures and lovely wife ❤️
Where can I go for Giraffe Thrus?
You took her, but she drove. 
OP needs to get one of the Toys R Us giraffe costumes on discount now for sexy times at night.
Giraffes that have been raised around humans can be very loving. 
I’m assuming you surprised her? If so, how’d you do that if she’s driving?
Aww man, now I’m in love with her too. 
That giraffe just seeing if you got any snacks 
I got to meet a giraffe. It was great. Great date. 
I think I went to school with her
That is such a beautiful moment, OP.
You are the shiz!
You could just proposed to her here.
Nice! Who's the human in the car though?
Best moment with a giraffe goes to The Last of Us
Yeah, every animal is cute, until they feel safe with you. If they feel any type of risk from you, they attack for self-defence.
Brown cow. Stunning.
And now you can cash it in for sweet, sweet karma. 

Jk op. Cool pic/story
I'm 52 and single, too late for me.

If only I'd known back then that this was how you turned "dating" into marriage. :(
That’s pretty terrifying
Does she like Gwang soo?
I bet the giraffe felt the love she had for them! That’s beautiful! 
Damn. Is she single?
I really need to play 'The Last Of Us ' just one more time.
Too much affection
It's like for generations no one ever knew the answer to "why the long face"but she just does
I recently did something similar with my wife.

I told her to pack for a weekend trip and we drove for 6 hours. I blind folded her and walked her into a building and to a small room. Inside the room I covered her in snakes.

The reaction was very similar to your wife with the giraffe between drunken giddiness.
Memphis zoo will let you feed them for $5. Great photo
You need to take your wife to the Malibu Wine Safari (in Malibu California) and meet Stanley the giraffe! You get to spend a bunch of time up and close and personal, it's great.
This is so beautiful. 🧡
I had a similar experience with my wife and raccoons. She loves those little critters so when we went to Montreal, she got to meet [some](https://i.imgur.com/vgiXo7i.jpg).
This looks like Fossil Rim Wildlife Center in Glen Rose, TX. Great place, went there a few months ago with my family. One of the giraffes ate out of my hand and I just remember giggling in response to being in the presence of such a beautiful animal.
I’ve never realized how big giraffes heads are
Hope you didn't close the window on this fellow
“Give me the cracker woman!!”
giraffes are kinda cool i guess... wouldnt wanna rub my face all over one tho... kinda weird yea?
*Music Begins To Play”

Oh woah WoAh Woahhhh...it’s Mr. Steal Ya Gurl...
Sorry to say this bud, but she’s driving lol she took YOU 
Fun Fact: giraffes communicate in a frequency we can't hear.
Such large gentle loveable animals you can see the connection your wife has with the giraffe. You are a great person to make that happen.
You captured so much emotion in that photo - I can see why it’s one of your favorites. 
That one is 100x more adorable than mine. I also cried.

https://imgur.com/a/RqjolEW
Why does your wife love giraffes?
You got game son 
And some humans enjoy killing these creatures... What. The. Fuck..
My wife loves tigers, it's a lot harder to get a photo like this... (We know about the places in Thailand where they drug them up, definitely not going to support their cruelty)
Looks to me like she took you ! 
She's driving.. She took you
How OP say “I took her” when she’s behind the wheel? Adorable though.
Looks like she drove you
Just a giraffe giving road head.
I read that as "graffiti" and was very confused when I clicked the link =( Guys, lisdexia is a real problem.
I love posts like this that make me smile so much.... I’m also drunk
Buckets of tears happening right meow.... damn you onions.
I. Love. This.

How are giraffes real but unicorns are not? 
Buckets of happy tears...... Your balls must have been raw.
you took her on a date but made her drive? mm hmm
Please send this on over to r/redditgetsdrawn 
Too cute and adorable!
If you're ever in Ohio, the Cleveland Metroparks Zoo has a deck high up that you can feed giraffes from.
I want this experience, but with a baby elephant instead. 
Giraffe eyeballs are about as big as her forehead.
If it was me, it would be huge buckets of piss from peeing myself silly
It looks like she's about to happy cry in that photo.  You clearly proved you were husband material.  I hope you continue to make each other happy for years to come!
L O N G horse
Such a lovely picture.  It is a pure love picture.  You scored a lifetime of love for that experience.  
Is your wife Jessica Alba?
That giraffe is making moves on your lady.
and you made her drive? shame on you

No being weird here. 

Your wife’s cute. It makes it cooler that one of the ways she does this, being cute by  being into giraffes, is all up in her business. 

Also,

You a lucky man and a talented photographer. 

Keep on keepin on. 
Omg
https://youtu.be/TVLcQUc552A
Just showed my wife this pic. Her response " I would TOTALLY hug a giraffe"
I'm jealous of this photo.
Your wife is ridiculously attractive, congratulations. Sry, had to say it.
[Could you spare some change?](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DgyD-Y2WAAAMYaE.jpg)
Your wife looks like my ex girlfriend, so that's weird.

Great photo though. Giraffes are dope.
Why are giraffes always sticking their heads in people's car windows?  Are they just really curious and friendly or do they give you stuff to feed them with?
Reminds me of Ellie from The Last of Us
Couldn’t help but notice the Giraffe in this picture.
There is something so calming in that giraffes eyes, it sensed your wife was completely in love with it and is just reacting with love... or reaching for the bowl of feed she has in her lap? 
The giraffe is low key stealing your girl away 
You took her to Giraffic Park?!? *cues the theme 🎼 dadada da da, dadada da da, ...*
Somebody link that video of Kristen Bell meeting a sloth for the first time!
does she realize she could help giraffes by hunting them?   🤔
Your wife is very beautiful.  Who's the girl in the yellow shirt?
This would complete my life
Are you married to Stefanie Joosten?
it look like hores
This is a great picture.

I proposed to my Fiance last month while she was feeding a giraffe. That's her favorite animal as well.
I thought it was a giant fucking pizza slice at first glance
There’s a photo somewhere of me and an elephant like this (that my ex took me to see when we started dating) 
How long have you been married now? Beautiful love I see! 
You’re the man.
Join the cult which believes that giraffes are non-existant
You took her? She's in the driver's seat, buddy.
Up
Omg u were clearly a keeper with ur thoughtful ass self
Looks like she took you. The woman is driving.
Brown cow. Stunning!
It's attacking! Quick, wind up the window!
💕
I'm sooo jealous of your wife! I wish I could have an experience like that with giraffes :(
[geraffes are so dumb](http://i.imgur.com/X9YNO0U.jpg)
What an amazing photo, and unforgettable memory created :’)
Kit? That’s awesome! Good for him I didn’t think Michael Knight was a good match for him.
You ever just, you know, cuddle a FUCKING GIRAFFE!?

This is cool and cute as fuck!
WHERE IS THIS?!
She loves the giraffe. The giraffe loves her back. :)
~~Fun~~ fact about giraffes: they can't squat and they give birth standing, so a newborn giraffe drops about 12ft headfirst as the final cherry on the being-born-probably-sucks sundae. Sometimes the drop kills them. 


Or, well, the ground at the end of the drop. 
Stopping long horses
Are you married to Rebecca Hall? I can't be the only one who thinks she looks like her
Where can this happen!?
But giraffes aren't real
Cue the last of us fans. 
Andy and April?
22/7 would cuddle
Where can I go to do this?  I know a girl that would definitely give up the puss if I could make this happen.
Lovely pic! Your wife is the giraffe whisperer.
I hope you realize that when you did that she instantly was thinking of marrying you from that moment on.

Rad picture! :)
Soooo cute!!
This is great
Fossil Rim in Glenrose?
I don't love giraffes but this is god Damn heartwarming
LUCKY!
You say you took her, but she's clearly driving. 
That’s thoughtful - how did you manage that?! 
He's talking about the giraffe.
Wow! This is simply awesome! 
<3
Dude, you sealed the deal with that move alone. 
That giraffe looks comfy af.
TELL HER TO PLAY THE LAST OF US
This guy lays
Lucky to have you. and her. and on that day, it.
Stupid long horses. 
My favorite animal are giraffes. This is my fantasy. Thanks for sharing.
I CANT FIND ANYWHERE TO LET ME DO THIS.
Lovely. 
That's why she married you. :) **happy tears**
You need to have her listen to Jason Webley do his Giraffe story and song.  It's fantastic...

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G4A9lEn070Q
Why is she leaning on me!? I thought I was going to get food!
Of all the animals I see trophy pictures of the Giraffe is by far the most infuriating. Die in a fire if you fuck with a looongboye.
Are they soft? I’ve always imagined them so soft
Your wife look like quiet from MGSV
She single? 
looong loooong maaaAAAAaannnn

My mom loves giraffes and my new life goal is to take this exact picture of my mom 
they are truly sociable animal, i still remembered feeding them in Singapore Zoo with their freaky long funny tongues
I guess The hungover 3 wasnt a hit in your family then.. well, the movie kinda sucked but i always laugh at the beginning.. 
Does she still live in Rocklin, Ca? Because if not your wife has a body double. 
You the real MVP
Beautiful 
What kind of a weirdo loves giraffes so much that they cry over it?
Your sife is hot af
I have a coworker who would kill to do this!
It kinda sucks that she is thinking of this giraffe when she pets you.   
You're a lucky guy, don't ever forget it lol.
Too much adorableness
Hi. Long time viewer first time poster. I made my very first reddit account just to say how much this pic made me smile :) <3
She made you think it was your idea to bring her there. Hint: driver seat
Nothing can compete with puppies, but this is pretty cute.
That's one big mutherfuckin' head!
At first glance I thought this was a giant giraffe car pillow and then I realized and I was like “oh damn that’s a real one wow” but so cute! ❤️
That day she decided to put a ring on you 
My sister once fed a giraffe out of her own mouth. 
Hopefully she doesnt leave you for one of those. :-D
Can someone touch this photo up?
Anyone else getting the Last of Us vibes here?
It's nice to see that Geoffrey is still doing okay.
The eyes on the giraffe making him look like Mr. Steal Yo Girl
Could the giraffe damage the car with his/her head?
...Anyone else notice how they both have perfect eyelashes? 
I took my 12yo daughter for the same thing... and for the first time ever the giraffe ate from someone's hand. The staff made a huge deal out of it, and took photos of my daughter etc.

She was so thrilled. 
Hmm I wonder where that giraffes big blue tongue is going ..
Love this! Love Giraffes! Ugh, fuck...love is everywhere!!!!
See if she can connect to it Avatar style
my wife also in love with giraffes, and I took him to a zoo on one of our first date back then :) 
Glad she could comfort him since he lost his job at Toys R Us
Your wife has a Phoebe Cates thing going on. :)
so beautiful pic, how happy she is! You are man!
saw 5his with a different poc and same text. IM CALLIN YOU OUT
Not gonna lie but I thought their heads were a little smaller
This is deceptive photography. The giraffe is not reciprocating a hug. IT WAS TRICKED. What kind of snacks was she using to manipulate the giraffe to do this. The cut part of the picture on the bottom is not being shown. Admit it she was using snacks. Someone draw this please so we can all visualize how it was done. I know, i am so smart ive debunked this photo.
Did the tall goat lick her?  
schluurp
Is it trying to sniff ? Just the quick curiosity.
Wow, hate to tell you this, but your wife has a small head :0 
Have her play the last of us.. you won’t regret it, just don’t forget to stock up on tissues.
That is super cute <3
I read too fast at first and was expecting a picture of graffiti. 8-/
I’m sooo bored
I like skyscraper horses
There is nothing better than seeing your SO happy, especially if you helped orchestrate it. 
All I can think about if that video of the giraffe destroying that girls window.
My girlfriend loves trexs any idea where she can get a close up on one of them bad boys? 
Giraffes seem so chill. I'd like to have one over for dinner
r/smoothcriminal
She's 100% right though. Giraffes are clearly the best of all the zoo animals.

Coatis are pure shit in comparison, and polar bears can fuck right off frankly.
He may have lost his franchise but Geoffrey The Giraffe can still steal yo girl.
I never really thought about how big giraffes eyeballs are compared to ours til now 
- - - and that's why she's your wife!  Someone who would think up and arrange an experience like that is a keeper.
Really cute, thanks for sharing. 
Take her to Toys R Us. Oh wait. 
Wholesome
A friend of my fathers used to manage Giraffe Manor around the 70's / 80's.   


[https://www.thesafaricollection.com/properties/giraffe-manor/](https://www.thesafaricollection.com/properties/giraffe-manor/) 
She's so beautiful and have beautiful eyes.

I like giraffes 
This Pic Is The Cutest Picture ever 😍
Brown cow? Stunning. 
Idk but from where I'm sitting it looks like *she* took you
I would say you're a zookeeper. 
Now I wanna cuddle one too! :D
You're a lucky guy, my friend.
How do you get a giraffe to stick it’s head into the open window of a car?  Are they trained to do that?  Did you have treats for them or something?  Curious about how this works, because I don’t think wild giraffes do this!
Cute
They have anti-septic saliva. 
Ahhh this hit me in the feels. My ex and I had plans to visit and pat the pandas at a zoo and this was exactly how I explained my reaction to be. We broke up before the plan ever happened 😒 
I think giraffes loovvvveeee your girl just as much as she loves them! Such a beautiful exchange of love! 
Giraffes are exceedingly dangerous. Their heads are massive primeval hammers--or giant anvils--of destruction, which they easily and mortiferously wield against both humans and lions alike.
Did your wife say “When you ask me, the answer is yes”? Because it’s pretty awesome you did that, especially early in a relationship. Such a nice picture. Love it.
What a wonderful experience. I love giraffes and got close to one while riding a horse one day. But not as close a touching. Where was this? 
They aren't that friendly: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LLFxvTmQ6HI

Awwww, that is lovely. I work at a zoo and can confirm feeding giraffes is one of the most beautiful experiences known to humanity. You hold out a piece of bread and what seems like a face from Everest comes done to meet you; curiously and gently, and then this tongue comes out, again, gently and peacefully. It's totally lovely. They are wonderful creatures.
I love bears I don't think the same encounter would work. I did go to a drive up park in bear county though, it was pretty surreal. 
I love the expression on your wife's face. so blissful 
You sound like a cool guy. I think I'd cry too if someone allowed me to cuddle a giraffe.
It's too bad that these beautiful creatures are extremely endangered :(
Always wanted something like this to happen but with a moose. Going for a drive bbiab!
This is one of the purest things I've ever seen ❤
I learned that a giraffes tongue is black from Salute your shorts. 
OH MY GOD I WOULD BE SO HAPPY!!!
If you didn't invite this giraffe to your wedding you're a really sucky person 
When my girlfriend first  saw giraffe she tried to feed it and it licked her hand vigorously instead of taking a cherry tomato and freaked her whole arm was sticky and noticeably is slimy
I got to feed a giraffe an apple once, had to step up on a hill and reach out my because it was so damn tall. One of the most incredible creatures I’ve ever seen in my entire life! 
Have her play The Last of Us
Is it sad that I can identify the exact model of this car... Mostly because I own the same one
Aaaaaand THIS is why she is now his wifey. Nice job dude. Nice.
She looks so content.
Lol
That is some mad love! 
 and then it proceeded to eat her hemp pants, and the moment was gone...
I bet that thing has the neck strength to just flip that car if it felt like it. I don’t think I would be very comfortable with a head that big poking through my car window.
Probably got laid that night. 
The best date ever. No wonder she married you
Not sure where you live but a zoo in Colorado Springs ( can’t remember the name, chayanne maybe?), you can get very close to the giraffes and feed them the food they sell for like $3. 
Was lots of fun! 
Are the years still happy? And giraffe-filled?
Does the giraffe knows, that your girl loves him ?
You should post this on Imgur. They'll love it!
You may have shot your wad early, buddy. 
How is paradise right now?
I love giraffes too. There isn't anything like them. 
The giraffe looks good in yellow shirt. /s
*'Dang woman, I'm just looking for the chips' *
