That dog has been growing talons for months in preparation for this moment. 
Looks towards camera...

Dog: you seeing this shit?


Edit: Thanks for the upvotes. While I have you here, check out: https://www.aspca.org 🐕
"I know I could absolutely destroy that cat, but that wouldn't be the nice thing to do."
Cat:  Look at your nails. You need to clip them. 

Dog:  I don’t like the trimmers. 

Cat:  haha!  You’re such a wimp!! Big polka dotted wimp!

Dog:  I’ll show you who is a wimp!
[deleted]
He looks scared shitless. He's like mom help me... I'm having to defend myself but I am so scared
[removed]
Control of the TV remote was clearly involved. 
Dat cat was *begging* for a showdown ... and *will* be back for more.

Keep us posted OP. My $$ is on the cat. 
I was concerned at first when he gave up the high ground 
If that Dalmation with a red collar isn't named Pongo, it will keep me up at night.
TLDR; • Trimming his nails was traumatic and felt inhumane • Vet said it wasn’t necessary, so I stopped • Posted this to Reddit and was immediately set straight within 5 seconds • I promise I love and properly care for my sweet, spoiled, tender-hearted baby of dog • Although he may beg to differ after his highly protested and unconventional manicure tomorrow • Are we cool now, Reddit? :)


 Yes, yes, yes... his nails are long. I know. He HATES getting them trimmed so when the vet said it wasn’t necessary, we jumped on that. They definitely don’t look pretty, but this feels like a more humane alternative than inflicting unnecessary trauma for the sake of cosmetics. 

Thank you for your concern (honestly, no sarcasm) but I promise this is a well cared for and extremely loved dog. At ease, internet soldiers. :)

EDIT: I’ve been getting tons of advice on the matter (and shockingly only a few mean comments - you feeling okay tonight, Reddit?!) and am now fully equipped on various tricks and methods needed to start gently reintroducing him to the concept. Thanks everyone! Cross your fingers for us...
Is this a Great Dane-Dalmatian mix? Or just a very large Dalmatian?
I’m showing this to my wimpy pooch for inspiration. 
Well now the cat is going to piss on your laundry.
He seems like such a tender soul. Love this dog. 
The little mustache on the cat makes him look 10x more evil 😂 I love it. 
Flicky tail by the cat gives it all away.  They’re agitated when they do it, sometimes they’re assholes and just get themselves worked up. 
Brave dog!
Is it just me or did the cat look like it kinda had a mustache pattern? I thought he kinda looked like a villain with it. 
Saw his nails and was sad until I saw OP say his vet told him it wasn’t necessary to cut them?! That’s nuts.  I used to work in dog grooming and saw a ton more nails worse than this, but for some dogs it seriously is traumatic.  Some people have to get their dogs sedated every few months so that the vet can just cut them back as far as they can for the time being.  Love your pup and puss cat❤️
My Boston terrier goes ape shit when I cut his nails but if I hold him like a baby belly up in my arms and have my wife cut them he’s super docile.  I know your dogs huge but if you can man handle him/her like that and have some one cut them it may work... wear a long coat or jacket the first time if your holding
Oh my god your dog looks like he has hearts around his eyes!!! 
I’ve been crying and this made me laugh so hard thank you
Can somebody please turn this into a gif and add subtitles of what they’re saying
This thread is soooo Reddit! Few people are like awww, or that’s so cute. It just turned into a “dogs with long nails” debate
I love how his face just says "dad, what do I do?" 😂😂
Looks at his pawrent and says,” you see this! He’s touching me!”
Hopefully I don't offend, but all I can think as as a vet tech is that dog needs it's nails clipped
Wow your cat is beautiful, and a giant asshole. I love him.
My cat is the same way with my other cat. She starts fights with him and since he's like twice her size, he can throw her around easily. 

She starts it, he wins it, she gets pissy about it. Dumb cat.
In the vein of so much help for OP's mani/pedi woes, do any of you doggo wizards have advice for brushing my baby's teeth? She always acts like I'm trying to force-feed her poison, and then she gives me the cold shoulder for hours. I feel like a terribly cruel parent when I try, even though I know it's good for her
i actually screamed out loud "yeahhhh!". 
Don’t believe everything you see on the internet. [This](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/7xaobk/addendum_for_everyone_who_was_concerned_about_my/?st=JK24AHKK&sh=0f6295ad) is what they’re usually up to... :)

Oh and yes, his toenails need to be trimmed, no, I didn’t realize how irresponsible it was to let them grow, yes my vet was misinformed and no, good boye’s not going to like it but they’re getting clipped tomorrow, anxiety or not, thanks to all the helpful tips and tricks posted here. Thanks Reddit. ❤️
Meowseph Stalin has been defeated
Dude that is exactly how my dalmatian fights too! Her arms go straight as board and she air punches just hoping to land something lol
The cat is most probably plotting his revenge. Red wedding style
[deleted]
Don’t get me wrong. I love dogs and we don’t deserve them but damn I love cats. 
I like how he looks back and is like, “If this McFluffy® continues to mess with me I just want to be sure that you know that this shit ends today.”
I always get happy to see a Dalmatian. They are such a rare breed. I know it’s something to do with eye problems right? They are so beautiful 
Is he pure dalmatian? Almost looks like he’s got a little bit of greyhound in him.
You could see him being firm but gentle.

Man, I smoked a few minutes ago and am now laying in bed and watched this video and I felt like I was watching a movie. I even imagined the sound effects. GREAT!
I think you need to have your dogs claws clipped. They are quite long and can catch and do them harm. 
Looks like your dogs nails need trimmed
That dog **really** needs its nails trimmed. 
those nails need to be cut
Dude trim your dogs nails please 
Holy shit trim your dogs nails or walk it more often
Thats why I am a dog person :P He looked into the camera first with the expression "You seeing this shit ?" while the cat is just a dickhead.
When I annoy my bf and I cross the line :’(
You might work with a groomer who will walk you through the process and let you build some skill under supervision while helping to keep your dog calm... In my experience with other owners I find that a lot of time the dog is just fine getting trimmed but senses the discomfort and anxiety the owner has with actually performing the trim and reacts based off that... Feeds into a viscious cycle where now you are dealing with a dog squirming that makes you more anxious and offputs your pupper further, and so on.  Just like anything traumatic, it's about slowly working the comfort back in by normalizing the task, not avoiding it.

Anywho I believe in ya and good luck... Glad to see you are taking the comments constructively and I hope that I'm not giving you advice that someone else already gave ya.   Cheers!

Edit: Oh sorry again if this has already been shared with ya. But came back to add one more thing... A nice quality set of steel sheers will help... If after a few trims you notice the blade edges look nicked or curved throw away those clippers and move to a different brand. Because you got some cheap Chinesium sub quality steel clippers and you are likely tearing the nail more than clipping it. I prefer the scissor style because they tend to have better tolerances... The "loop and die" style tend to really suck because the sheer face and the blade tend to separate while pressure is applied and does leave a very clean cut.

As far as actually trimming the nail goes... Make sure to keep styptic powder on hand... And try to avoid "slow" cutting the nail... Work with your pup to get them to allow you to hold their paw in your hand without trying to withdrawal it before ever making your first cut... Then when you do begin to trim... Line up your clippers and commit to the clip.  Even if you do accidentally clip the nail stye you will prevent a whole lot of suffering if you aren't slowly trying to clip your way through... If you snip the stye a little bit and do it quickly you will likely get a quick whimper from the dog but will have a few moments following the yip to evaluate the nail before a drop of blood will show up.  If the nail does start to bleed this will come from the center of the nail. Apply firm pressure by squeezing each side of the nail (which will manage the bleeding and actually help to manage the pain for the dog) and apply a pinch of styptic powder to the edge of the nail while continuing to pinch the nail from the sides and hold on the tip of the nail with styptic powder until the bleeding stops.  Most over the counter styptic powders include a small amount of analgesic that will help dull the pain for the dog ( never administer lidocaine to a dog btw, very bad for them).  Then move on the next nails as soon as you can so that you aren't leaving them with trauma as their last experience to associate with future trims. I generally keep fresh sterile gauze next to me and use it with the styptic powder to keep pressure on the nail in the very unlikely event I Nick one of them during the trim.  My current dogs don't have too many dark nails so it's generally not an issue for me though.

Cheers!

Millers Forge Dog Nail Clip, Large https://www.amazon.com/dp/B004QJYZ52/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_i_lkuwBb7B41944 scissor style... seems to be decent steel (German) and made in Italy.  Good price too... Might be my next pair actually!

Resco Original Deluxe Dog, Cat, and Pet Nail/Claw Clippers. Best USA-Made Trimmer, More Colors & Sizes https://www.amazon.com/dp/B001IDAYAY/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_i_BmuwBbF200014 This is what I called the loop and die style.. they call it guillotine style... These things are generally awful as the blade tends to wiggle and wobble and then as you make the cut it creates a gap between the blade and the loop... Ugh can't imagine for a second this would be comfortable for a dog...  A better quality clipper with better tolerances control could make these more effective...but I've never found a set of these style clippers in a chain pet store that was worth a damn and so I've completely given up on this style.



That dog really needs to get those nails taken care of. Walking around on nails like that can cause joint problems. 
For folks that think dogs nails don’t need to be trimmed,  or that it’s not a huge deal......dogs nails really really *DO* need to be properly taken care of. It might feel horrible, awful, awkward, & traumatic for you to have to clip them, but in the end your dog will thank you for it. Overly long nails are a health hazard to a dog....they can get ripped out, they can bleed, they can get infected.....  there are treatments that can be given so nail trimming isn’t traumatic.... and methods to do it in a way that is less stressful on a dog and it’s owner. When it comes down to it, nail trimmings are ultimately more stressful on the owner, than the dog. Sometimes things have to be done, regardless if it’s pleasant for the owner or not. 
Cut that dog’s claws!! Damn!
Cut your dogs nails!
Man that cat is an A-Hole. ;\^}
Please get your dog’s nails trimmed. 
That end battle was epic. Fur flying everywhere
I love your dog's expressions <3 hahah!!!
omg this is so cute. I love watching cats and dogs interacting for some reason. what an adorable kitty and that pupper is gorgeous
That dog is gonna get it once nighttime falls…
As a vet, I care less about your dog’s nails (certainly not the worst I’ve seen) and more about your cat being a brochure for diabetes. Please consult your vet about an appropriate diet or cut back on his caloric intake! He’ll live longer and be a happier cat for it!
That dogs nails are huge!
The dog's toe nails need to be cut
Was it for the spot? Or just sibling rivalry?
I can tell by the dynamic of their love-quarrel relationship that your dog will be paying alimony to that cat in the future. 
They're fighting over that sweet sweet spot
$100 says the cat didn't consider that a defeat. Cats can't comprehend the concept.
First off, such a beautiful dog 
This cat eyes.  Satan was in control of the wheel today!
So much expression in the dogs eyes. He's a good boy ❤
Sorry, but my money was still on the cat
This could be a Disney short film
Looks at camera:
“Forgive me master, I must go out all this once”
If the cat tail is wagging, prepare.for shit. 
Bro, trim those nails
Trim that dogs nails for crying out loud!
What a good doggo! You can tell he cared a lot about his owners opinion 
I’m glad your dog stood up for himself 
Pupper needs a nail clipping.
Your dog really needs his nails cutting.
Dude! Trimm that poor dogs nails that looks painful for him 
Clip those nails omg
That dog needs a nail clipping! Don't want them to catch in the carpet or things like that, I imagine that would be painful.
Cut the nails! Can't stop stearing at them.... 
Shouldn't you cut the dogs nails?
Great 😁 But plz cut the claws of your dog.. that can be dangerous for him
Good lord trim that dog's nails! 
And this is why Dogs > Cats. 
Dogs feet are in his territory, but yea the cat was rerring for fight there. Sure there will be an epic remath.
What's that comfy looking couch my dude
~~Uh clip yo dog's nails.~~ 

edit: nvm
Aww poor kitty... he’s such a big brute!
Cute standoff,  but how long are your dogs nails going to get before they are trimmed ? 
Does your cat have a Dick Dastardly mustache? 
Have this cat and dog gone to acting school or are they actually geniuses?
Jesus cut the dogs talons!
Cats trying to drop the hint your dog needs a nail trim.
Those nails need trimming.
Jesus those nails 
Cats just pointing out your dog needs his nails clipped.
For anyone curious: this is actually how cats play. The cat was purposely doing this to start rough housing.

Source: have 2 cats, they do this all the time. Cats just play rougher than other animals.
Woah! Cut that doggo's nails! 
I was gonna say trim those poor girls nails!! And than I kept watching and I see why you've kept her nails long. Good job hooman 😋
Your dog’s nails are incredibly long 😳
Please trim your pups nails. Soon. 
The cute thing about this is that the dog is clearly trying to avoid the confrontation. You can see in his eyes he's thinking something along the lines of "dude, I'm like, 5 of you. quit it."
I noticed that nobody has mentioned this yet, cut your dogs nails
You schould really do your doggo a favour and clip the nails
When the dog jumped down I was like NOOO, hold your ground! then he came back and did not disappoint.
fuck cats. 
cats are assholes
Cats are such assholes.
Shithead of a cat. Good for the doggie to take it down a peg.
Dogs Nails could hold up my gutters 
Someone do this with text r/animaltextgifs 
Lol, I love the cats face and body language with every tap, and I thought the dog was just gonna kick the cat off the edge
These two are so precious! Do you have an Instagram for them or anything like that? 
Long live the king
r/animalsbeingjerks
We have a cat in the house who is an asshole but we love her nonetheless.

We rescued a German Shepherd over a year ago and he is the biggest baby, even the yorkie bosses him around. The cat especially like to pick on him but ever once in a while he will remind the cat he could end her at any moment. 

One instance was when we got him a new bone and usually when that happens she’ll come and sit next to it and he’ll cry because he is too afraid to get it. Well she did the same thing and he ran up and let out the biggest bark, she left him alone for a few days after that.
My Mastiff is willing to come over and wear a polka dot suit to "explain" things to the cat. He just needs a ride from the airport.
This is so comical. The Cat taunting him, pushing his nail, waiting for a reaction. The Dogs anxious expression. Ur animals are wonderful.
We did it reddit!!!
Looks like a Great Dane Dalmatian mix. What a cutie 
Someone needs to put subtitles to this. There is real understanding and communication going on there.
What breed of dog is that?
Hey, your table is on fire, yo. 
Spartaaaaa
God I wish there was sound lol
Best thing I've seen today!
hahaha :D Help me can not stop laughing
The dog was like "what the heck are you doing, bruh? Huh? Huh?... You wanna play? Ok, lets play"
Did anyone else think the dog was giving the cat the middle finger? 
Good boi. Although the cat was just being a cat :) 
I’m so proud❤️
Side note.. that is a *really* beautiful dog.
Is that playing or legit fighting? 
👏👏👏 SHOW EM SIS
Oh My god I was on pins and needles
Too Cute Too Handle!
I’m so proud of this dog. 
Excellent camera work op. I felt the emotion in each moment of this heated exchange. 
Their eyes and facial expressions kill me
“Master, can I finally square up? Yeah? Aight, watch this.” 
POLITE TAKEDOWN: DOG STYLE NO JUTSU !
*You win this day*

-Cat probably
VICTORY IS MINE oh god what have I done
Top 10 anime duels
looks like the cat was seeing how sharp the dog's nails were to decide whether to attack lol
Oh, that cat will absolutely be back with a vengeance. Prepare yourself, dog. 
I thought it said resident evil gfdi
“I’m not afraid anymore!” 
Girl your dog is an actor starring in this film. It's obvious he is cloaked in plot armor. No real dog would be able to survive those cat attacks with the Paw
You should run your dog on some concrete to get those nails under control.  I use my driveway and a ball and it keeps them filed down.
Oh man. Too good! 

We need subtitles!
This dog needs a write a motivational book that I can buy on Amazon for my wolf dog who's afraid of cats.
Like Dorothy, you’ve always had the power, doggy!
This isn't over. The cat's got a sack full of quarters.
Do you know what you call your cat's breed? I used to have a furbaby who looked just like yours until she crossed the Rainbow Bridge, but I never learned what you call that kind of coloration.
SPOILER IN TITLE DO NOT READ TITLE this definitely made me laugh out loud.
Both of them are so adorable, the dog could have mopped the cat but he was nice. Good dog.
To ask the question.... are these beautiful dogs really high energy dogs?  
Doggo did this fantastically. Good. Boy. Or girl. 
Haha I love how the cat kept messing with him. Pure awesome there
He's man best friend, y'all need to be dog's bff and get that cat a box with fort asshole written on it.
It is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both.

—Machiavelli and this good boy
Your dog needs its claws trimmed. Not to be a dick or anything, just an observation.
Kitty is an asshole. 
I love Dalmatians!!! 
SUper cute!
That cat has a mustache
*sniffsniffsniffsniff* 

Good, she's gone.
"When the dust settled and the smoke finally cleared, our hero stood alone.  The victor of an epic struggle that history would remember for centuries to come."
I love how he keeps looking at you like, "Will I get in trouble if I do this?"
Dog: that's right.
The cutest victory in history 
Bully ass 🐱
fuck you, cats unite

on that real, if your cat wants to join a gangsta rapper coalition, tell him to pm me
“I’ve had it with your shit Maynard!”
Haha that's awesome and thanks for sharing your time. Funny stuff,  and the playing with each other,  best friends,  thanks for making me think things and laugh about it. 
that cat is a dick!!!! did you see that massive power move of SLIGHTLY toughing his paw?
What a mild manured Dalmatian. If you didn't understand what was going on, the cat wanted the spot the dog was laying in.
Trim that dogs nails, they'll split.
"I come in peace. I didn't bring artillery. But I'm pleading with you, with tears in my eyes: If you fuck with me, I'll kill you all"

—“Mad Dog” Mattis 
Hi well-intentioned Redditor, you must have missed this. :)

TLDR; • Trimming his nails was traumatic and felt inhumane • Vet said it wasn’t necessary, so I stopped • Posted this to Reddit and was immediately set straight within 5 seconds • I promise I love and properly care for my sweet, spoiled, tender-hearted baby of dog • Although he may beg to differ after his highly protested and unconventional manicure tomorrow.

Saved you a copy paste ;)
“IM THE KING OF THIS COUCH NOW!” 
Cats are so fucking weird.
Maybe trim your dogs nails
one of my favorite things that dogs do is that little side eye glance at situations
My dumbass dog spent 7 years and never learned the "I'm literally 3 times your size" trick. Good on your pupper! 

(and also I miss mine).
Don't start no shit,  there won't be no shit
why does your dog have raptor claws? 
hahahaha that cat is such a lil shit... I love cats.

That dog is a big beautiful sweety... I love dogs.
This is gold. Dog's expressions from incapacitated to victorious.
Clip your dog's nails
Somebody cut this dogs nails
They are fighting over who has the bigger claws. 
If I ever had a dalmatian, I'd call it Eternal 
Dog needs its nails clipped
As a dog lover, I feel so good watching this...  
I love animals, but fucking hate some cats' behaviour, they can be real asses!
That dog's been watching a lot of the Office! Perfect Jim face!
Your dog could use a nail trimming. Try a dremmel, and just take off a little at a time (wait a week between trimmings) to allow the quick to recede. 
As long as the puppet can run on cement occasionally, that’ll keep his nails filed and keep them from curling 👌🏽
YEAH THAT'S RIGHT FK U MUFASA
Way to go Doggie! I just got a kitten and so far he is not warming up to my sweet dog but I hope it happens. 
I love the way they are looking at each other hahaha 
Cut the dogs nails! Just kidding I’ve read the comments
Dude cut his nails
Your dog doesn't look comfortable at all. Why would you let your cat constantly bully him? 
Dog: *looks at camera*

Dog: oh yeah film it. That’s helpful

Dog: *looks at camera again*

Dog: screw it. I’ll do it myself

Dog = thanos?
I love how cats’ tails flick like that when they’re annoyed.
This is how my house works too. The cat controls the two dogs and most of the humans. The cat also likes to lay in doorways or on the stairs so he can control where the dogs go in the house. 
Dude cut your poor dogs nails
Clip yoyr dogs nails. Its not that hard.
You need to cut your dogs nails.
Your dog needs a nail clipping
I love how the cat has an evil moustache.
u/kissdogs LOL
This cat touching dog's paws like "what you gonna do butch, huh? What you gonna do?" 
Cold war became a hot war.
The way he touches the dog's nail with his little paw 😭
I feel like that wasn’t over....
Wtf did I do to deserve this shit? 
It's Jim from the Dogffice
Yeah, fuck that cat
Did you see that dog raise his eyebrows? 
Why did he give up the high ground?
Hurrah for the dog!
That look back he does in the beginning lmaoo
“hey hey mom what do I do” if someone could do voice overs this would be golden.
Wow I actually didn't read the title before watching, was thinking about closing the video so I knew what I was looking at but didn't haha
What type of cat is that ?
Need a nail trim soooooooo badly 
Wtf he was just chilling 
Jesus christ, cut that dog's nails!
Trim the dogs nails. Cat was trying to fucking tell you OP. 
/r/dogswitheyebrows
Dogs toe nails are very long. Needs some trimming 
Dude, trim the dogs' claws
Dude.... Ef that cat.
The claws were out.  Cat shoulda fuckin' known fuckin' better.

Also please get your dog's nails trimmed.  I know, he hates it.  I know, last time he bled and it hurt him and you love him, but he needs you to trim his nails.

Just a little bit at a time; so you don't actually cut to the quick.  (Yes that's where that phrase comes from.)
That’s dangerous to let your dog and cat fight like that. Cats can easily blind a dog. 
I take my dogs to the groomers and o e doesn't care of her nails are cut but the other loses her shit. I hold her in my arms and she just flails about and I usually just end up walking away with scratches all over but slowly she is getting better. It's a work in progress but she's small so it makes it easy that I can just pick her up and deal with her that way.

Also helps that she uses a Dremel to end them Dien which seems quicker
You need to clip your dogs nails
MY COUCH!.. My couch.
Ears back. Tail flick. It's about to go down.
Yo!! This is going on in my house lately! I can’t wait for my dog to smack fire out the new cat!
It's like that crocodile that finally ate the yappy dog. But with a much better ending.
This reminded me why I don’t like cats 
YOU GO BOI
The GOODEST OF BOYS!
The cat is obviously on the defensive and hostile because it feels threatened. And though it’s cute that the Dalmatian is unsure of how to react at first, you don’t want to encourage the dog fighting back. Having lived around Dals for more than 16 years, it’s important to keep in mind that they are very capable of gravely injuring or killing cat-sized animals. Knowledge gained from experience. 
please cut your dog's nails
Dude, your dogs nails look hella too long.


Overheard in OPs living room after this:

“He got me,” LeCat said of the dog's attack. "That f***ing dog boomed me."

LeCat added, “He’s so good,” repeating it four times.

LeCat then said he wanted to add the dog to the list of animals he plays with this summer. 

What are those sticking out of the dog's paws?
Still love cats, sorry
Cut your dogs nails
Jesus H Christ please get your dogs toenails cut 😱😳😳😳😳 Seriously! 
[deleted]
You need to get the nails trimmed on that pup. It'll take a few times because you can only do a little at a time.
Dude, you need to dremel your dog’s nails. They’re way too long. I recommend a dremel tool to grind them down. If you use dog nail clippers, you run the risk of creating micro fractures in the nail. It’s also easier to cut too much which is painful. You wanna be careful not to cut down to the quick. If there’s any blood, you cut too short and fucked up!
That looks more like an aggressive cat and a dog who is afraid. 

Doesn't look awww to me, in the cute way. 
what kind of neglectful person lets their dogs nails get that long
Clip your dogs nails
That cat is a d-bag
Wtf cut your dogs nails. 
Getting real tired of your shit, cat. 
Hello well-intentioned Reddit police! In case you missed this...

TLDR; • Trimming his nails was traumatic and felt inhumane • Vet said it wasn’t necessary, so I stopped • Posted this to Reddit and was immediately set straight with facts, tips and advice within 5 seconds • I promise that I love (and properly care for) my sweet, spoiled, tender-hearted baby of dog • Although he may beg to differ after his highly protested and unconventional manicure tomorrow.  :)

Thank you and good night.
Take that, you fuck
Holy crap, clip your dogs nails
Cut that dogs Freddy Krueger claws, that cat is pointing them out and telling him to cut them
Guess I’m the only one on the cat’s side. He looks adorable and I admire that cats don’t back down from animals several times their size. 
Why don't you defeat those claws. They get too long and it can cause arthritis in the long run. 
Maybe cut your dog’s nails
You need to clip your dog's nails.
Please clip dogs nails !!!!
CUT YOUR DOGS TOENAILS WTF
r/catsareassholes
You go good boy!
[deleted]
[deleted]
Oh sweet Jesus trim your dogs nails. 
Your cat is an evil looker bugger. 
I’m honestly just so distracted by how badly the dogs nails need to be trimmed 🙈
By my score it's tied up.
he’s so strong, so brave
Fuck yo couch!
how is the cat not scared of the dog’s talons, just casually touches it!
She was no match to his claws
I have the same couch!
Dogs nails is thicc though 
What a pretty dog! 
Is his name pongo?
JUSTICE!
No comments on those wonderful heart eyes? Beautiful. 
he got some long nails
Why is the cat wearing socks?
Read OP's message about the nails. Isn't it true that the "blood vessels" also grow longer when you don't trim them? So if he's going to trim the nails at some point there's going to be so much blood :(
Clip your dog dude. Geez 
I'm a Cat Person and even I was happy to see such a good boy handing bad kitty his furry butt. I hate when cats do that to dogs.
Please, please, please look in to a different vet for your dog. The fact that they didn't provide you with anti anxiety solutions and told you not to worry about it is troublesome. I'm truly amazed they saw those nails each and every visit and thought it was okay. I definitely would not trust them caring for your animals moving forward. 
Maaan... dogs are such kind creatures, cats on the other hand are so damn mean, how could anyone like cats more than dogs
you need to walk your dog more, or cut it's nails
Please cut your dogs nails.😒
For goodness sake, clip that dogs nails!
ITT: so many people saying "nails". Dogs don't have nails my dudes. Those are claws. There are several differences, but the most relevant one here is:

>Claws contain nerves and blood vessels, while nails do not. That's why a dog's claw will sometimes bleed when it is cut short, and it is also sometimes why dogs cry or pull away during claw trimming.

It's not just that your dog dislikes the trimming process, it may well be in pain.

Source: https://www.doghealth.com/care/tips-1/2469-claws-vs-nails-what-do-dogs-have
The dog needs a manicure or a very long walk. 
Your dog seems super awesome please consider trimming its nails because it causes a great deal of discomfort to your pet when the nails/hooves are too long. Your dogs nails are way to long. Unacceptably so. Other dogs wear their nails off by running. Just saying, no upvotes here.
cats are assholes
My Dalmatian lost his eye to our cat like this. Be careful please.
Cats are JERKS
r/catsareassholes
I just do NOT see enough dalmatians anymore. Our neighbor has a new pup and I've been dying to go over and snuggle it. 

Unfortunately, the neighbor is not a very nice person so I doubt I'd be allowed to snuggle her pooch
Add another litter box and this behavior will stop almost instantly. Cat is territorially insecure. Rule of thumb is 1 more liter box than the number of cats you have. I was shocked how much the extra liter box stopped all the bad behavior in the house.
Cats suck, Dogs rule!
Holy cow, cut that dog's nails.
Does that dog get to go outside?  Look at the length of its nails!
Cats just tryna tell your dog his nails need trimming.
Next trip to the vet, ask if they can trim that beautiful dalmatian's nails! Usually it's free!
Nails need a snippy snippy
Cut your dogs nails.. damn
Cut yo dogs nails 
Dude! It's like $10 for a groomer to trim its nails if your are too lazy (which it looks like)

Seriously, trim the dogs nails.
What you need to do is clip those nails
Jesus that is one hostile cat. I wanna know what's going through it's head to attack that dog for no reason 
How is that aww? Your pets aren't getting along it seems?
Sorry, I’m gonna be the one to say it: trim your dog’s claws, holy hell
Am I the only one that thinks his nails are WAAAAAY too long?
I think the cat was just trying to tell him he needed a goddamn manicure
All I could stare at was the dogs nails. Good lord invest in some clippers you barbarians. 
What’s wrong with the dog’s toe nail?
Dog and cat interactions are too funny to me. I'm always picturing the dog screaming inside their head. Please don't tell at me or hurt me, cat.
This is my yard now
Can someone add that washing machine sound that was very intense in the background?
No sound?

I was just waiting for the low, growly meow at the beginning.
This was awesome
You don't START nuffin, dere won't BE nuffin!
I like the way your dog looks over at you for permission to take just one bite to end the taunting your cat is giving ...
They both seem like they have very animated personalities.
That was a fair fight. 
I love how his tail is wagging during the counter attack. 
could’ve streamed this shit on pay per view better fight than McGregor/Maywedduh
"I'm touching you.  Eat are you gonna do about it?"

Everyone with a sibling has been in this situation....
Better than injustice 2.
VICTORY SNIFF!
I just have to ask - is the bully a female cat? Our 3 y/o German Shepherd is terrified of the 9 y/o grumpy old lady cat we inherited last year when my FIL's mother passed away. She (grumpy old lady) will chase the German Shepherd and attack her when she's playing with our other dog in the yard, and otherwise prevent her from walking through the pet door or hallway. And PS, I'm glad reddit hasn't seen my dogs' nails - it's a work in progress.
Why do dogs always get bitched by cats?
Pushes cat off couch. Looks around, "Where did he go?"
Turns out the bully was nothing but a pussy.....cat.
Did I spot a ferret cage? 
But is it ok?
This was intense.   
Push me far enough...
What the hell's up with the flair? Mods gone insane or just petty as usual?
I love how the dog looks at the camera like "I can do it, right?" before taking action. 😂
601st comment bb 
"The boyhood dream has come true!!"
"Alright, that's it. I've had enough of this. My couch! My couch! My couch!"
Top 10 anime comebacks
Have the same dynamic in my house. Careful, cats can blind dogs. I try to keep my kitties nails short just in case there’s a scuffle I can’t break up in time. 
r/youseeingthisshit
This is fabulous. 
I think the cat just wanted him to play. Then was like "I know how to get a reaction from him", then pretty much got what he wanted.
As a cat lover, I honestly wonder what compels cats to be the biggest douchebag to other pets, especially when they would get destroyed if it fought back. 
Do you know what breed of cat this is? He looks just like my Bobby. 
"I'm sick of your shit, small, angry dog!"
Good for him
Well you ever be able to leave the two of them alone?
/u/coloredstripes he’s a good boi 
I have that same couch. From rooms to go, right?
Ohmygod how cute. My dog and one of my cats are like this with each other and I find it so funny. Our dog typically makes those “talking” noises while she pushes him away. 
My old car would go into the neighbors yard just to mess with their dog.
Cats are manipulative as hell. 
Love! And is that a King's Cage in the background? You must have birds. I am fairly certain I have the exact same cage. 
My pupper is also a scared, squirmy worm when it comes to having her nails clipped. I used to take her to the vet because I couldn't stand to do it myself.
 Finally came up with a cheaper option. It's a 2 person job. One person holds a spoonful of peanut butter for the sweet good dog and the other one quickly clips off the sharp nail tips.
Works every time.
Good luck with that beautiful dog and your entertaining, asshole cat. 
 Beautiful doggo
Hahaha I cheered out loud for the pup. Nice one bud!
Always starting shit.
OP get your dogs claws clipped.
Yay doggy
r/justiceserved
Their expressions on their faces are great.
Way to go, Pongo!
One can always spot the non-walked dog by the dog's nails length.
please stop supporting this god awful video player until they fix it. Use youtube. It literally wont play. 
Can somebody please tell me who moved first at :35? It looks like they moved exactly at the same time. I imagine one is reacting to the other, but I can't figure out which. Unless their reaction is really that fast.
That dalmations claws are long enough to eff shit up 

With those claws dog can deafeat anyone and everyone 
Wamp wamp wamp waaaaaaaammmp
Gladiators fighting in the arena. Winner gets to stay in the couch.
That’s one for dogs living with cats everywhere! Way to go, Dog!
Good doggie
This is a win for all mankind, and man-best-friend kind
I hate this cat already lol
You've won, but at what cost?
Good boy ! 
(#)MilesandGriffin... Just gonna leave that here.
Good for the dog. Don’t take that shit
 cat shouldn't be messing with a dog who has nails of doom
Top 10 Anime Battles
I'm not touching you I'm not touching you
Mass hysteria!
He gave up the high ground and still won. 
Don't do that unless you wanna perish.
/r/justiceserved
how the fuck did he fit a cow in his house
wild ride from start to finish 
That cat is thick as fuck
The expressions on BOTH their faces. Wow. 
NARUTOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!

SASUKE!!!!!!!!!
I’m going to touch your paws. And there’s nothing you can do abou- OH CRAP 
Yay!!! 
nice stache
There should be a subreddit where dogs beat cats.. but they're way too kind for that.. poor doggos :(
I believe the cat was trying to dis the dog’s pedicure.  
Op, cut your dogs nails.. Damn
I believe the cat was trying to dis the dog’s pedicure.  
Could you clip your dogs nails? It’s like a snaggle-claw..
Your dog needs a nail trim.
Yo clip his nails bro 
Lol how often does this battle occur
Dogs rule.
The dog was like “fuck that you can get these paws right now” 😂😂😂
I'd love to watch it but v.reddit never actually loads for the viewer.
Because I am a Dalmatian and therefore probably blind?
That dog is so pretty
Your dog needs a nail trim!
Doggo is like...”ENOUGH!”
wwe smackdown 
Awe!!! Your pup has hearts on her eyes!!!
Was that cat being playful or did he bring out the claws?
Cruella finally defeated
Boom!
That cat needs to go on a diet!
cat owners btfo
He wanted so badly to avoid the altercation.
Is this a Great Dane/Dalmatian?
"ya, you run, pussy!"
I love your posts of your dog and cat. They are both adorable
God   ! That’s was what I call a stand-off , the tension and suddenly boom
HECK
r/tuxedocats 😀
Love it! (They look like buddies.)
He defeated it so gently and with great care. lmao too cute
So good to see the dog stand up against the cat for a change! Oddly satisfying, one might say.
“Are you seeing this shit?” - Dog
That is one fricken adorable good boy and a hilariously mean cat
Give it to spazzy Spotty!  I don't like Dalmations most are spazzy and kinda dumb but to each their own.
r/Bossfight
I love the little look he gives the camera! What breed of dog is this?
Como ver david y goliaat.  Precioso y bien cuidado labrador con manchitas. De donde es? ¿donde nacio?
That is doggone funny in the purrrfect video
"Hey..."

"What"

"HEY!"

"What?"

"...I'm gonna kick your ass."

"No..."

"WHAT?"

"NOOOOO..."

"YOU DON'T TELL ME "NO!"  I TELL Y..."

"NEVER AGAIN!"

"Gahhhhh!  RUN!!!!"

"..."

"..."  
"...smells like cat up here."
Los 2 son adorables; seran tus ingreidos.
Please put some voice overs on this gif
After reading title..   SPOILERS OMG WHATR U DOIN DONT READ THAT!!
Your dog plays like a German Shorthair Pointer.
cool
“Iiiii’mmmm not tooouchinnngg youuu!!!! I’m not touching you. Iiii’mm noooooot trouuching you!” Giant fight breaks out..,hmmm. I think I’ve seen this one....???
That's no defeat. That's a tactical retreat. 
YOU GO DOG!!!!!
Good boy! 
He has turned a corner, got past his first milestone on the road to world rule- first the cat then the world!
I wonder if animals have the ability to have a sense of humor. Like what else could explain this behavior? The cat wanted to fuck with the dog but it didn’t seem to actually see him as threat even though it was smart enough to know not to actually keep fucking with the dog, and both are like whatever in the end.
I love this. 
Dog "Mooooooom, kitty is being a dick."  
Mom "I know a certain kitty who is sleeping with mommy tonight"
I felt so bad for that spotty boy when he got attacked. Maybe kitty will think twice next time. 
LMAO. That was so cute.
Nice
why care some cats just huge douchebags for no reason
Does that dog have hearts on his/her/Zim/Zer? 
Taking kindness for weakness 
HAHAHAHAHAHHAA
The pupper gave the kitty plenty of chances to knock it off and kitty kept doing stuff with a look of, “WTF are you going to do about it?!”
It was so sweet and cute and precious at first, but then cats are such assholes
T Rex vs a raptor
