Haha! I showed this to my sister. Her and her fiance have been having bats get into their apartment. Turns out their building has a colony of endangered bats in the attic. My sister's apartment is on the top floor so the bats r right above them
/r/humansbeingbros
I love bats! I think they're adorable, they're great for helping keep the mosquito population tamed, and they're adorable! (did I say that twice?!)

Edit: Clarification 
We once found a baby bat on his back, on our windowsill, during the day.

I can't remember if he was wounded but he barley moved (he was not sleeping). After some research we gently put him in a shoebox with some toilet paper (without touching him directly) and gave him some warm water drops with a chopstick.

At that evening we placed him back on the windowsill and what do you know his mother actually picked him up over night!

Well that's at least what I believed. Looking back at it, it's far more likely that a cat snatched him or that he just didn't make the night, so that my parents had to get rid of him in the morning:/

I gotta ask them, the next time we talk. \^\^
My husband helped a little winged puppy out of our bathroom this past weekend.  We let him sleep a while before evicti g him from the room.  He went off wonderfully.  Such cute buddies.
Bats are pretty darn cute. The house where I used to live is just next to a forest where bats live. When the house’s exterior got renovated a few years ago, the dude working on the roof got spooked once by a bat that he disturbed while the roof was being renewed! I saw a bat flying around a few times at night while I was sitting on the porch when I lived there. One night I also got up at night to go to work and outisde when I was walking to my car, a bat flew what seemed like a couple of inches from my face, apparently hunting bugs that were attracted to my porch light. Oh and also r/batty
You use the other door!
Bats are so cute and they are incredibly interesting. But I’m deathly afraid of rabies so I keep my distance far from them. 
I wanna bat.  My son says no.
I worry the little guy is alone. Bats are too social for that. I hope it was alright. I would have called animal control if only to make sure it was fine!
I just had to get rabies shots thanks to waking up to a bat flying around my bedroom. :/
At first I thought his paw was stuck in! Such a fluffy boye.
My work had a bat that occasionally (but not always.. is that normal?) Roosts at our back door in a corner outside the building. It was weird to see around May but he was cute as hell. I would take the garbage out and check in him and he would be there every odd say just hanging and snoozing. Haven't seen him since early june :(
My friend is the one who wrote the sign. This is at a Guitar Center in Florida, which he works at. He posted this in the group chat a few hours ago. Didn't expect it to take off. I told him he peaked. It's all downhill from here. 

Edit: Here's a picture of the group chat. http://imgur.com/a/RYG9xzM

I forgot how to do a named hyperlink, so bear with me. I have more pictures of the bat, if anyone wants them. 
I am so glad people give a damn about bats. They eat skeeters and skeeters ruin my afternoon outdoors, so bats are a win/win.
Bats are so cool! We live near Deland- the Alley has a large bat house; watching them fly out at dusk is awesome. 
Bats aren't very cute when they are in your house...Their tiny claws scratching on the floor above your head in the middle of the night. Then somehow they get in your house! And while you're in a panic to find your cats as they love flying things and bats have rabies, your hair manages to get entangled with them. You cry out for your brother to put them in a large Fogers coffee can until animal control can pick them up....
Just finished a camping trip where the best time we had was cheering on the bats that were eating all the gnats and mosquitoes! Go batty go! The camp site next to us were a little less than thankful for their divebombing buddies... 
Bats are so cute
Please don't wake up my son
/r/batty
u/remotectrl 
Kudos to anyone who can fall asleep at a Guitar Center
FYI if its cold, bats dont fly if they are cold. So shooing it off wont do a thing as they wont fly off
I love bats. So much fun to get a fire going and sit out on a fall night and watch them swoop around gobbling up bugs, dark shadows of death against the night sky. Makes me feel so cuddly in my sweater. 
You might want to give this little fella some water? When bats get dehydrated they just stay where they are and can’t move any more. Literally they could just stick in that spot until they die. And that does look like a pretty strange spot for a bat to hang out in the daylight. 

I’d put him in a shoebox (gloved hands) and use a pipette to funnel water into his mouth. At dusk you can open the box and let him fly free. 
While everyone else is concerned about the cute bat, I’m thinking Guitar Center is sending subliminal messages to me because they know I am a gear addict. “Just a pack of strings.”
-walks out with new guitar, pedal, and amp-
“Technically the guitar does come with those strings I came in here for.”
Aw I love this!

My SO and I rescued a bat that was stuck in our hallway. It was too cute. 
So cute. Love seeing them at the zoo. I got to make food for the fruit bats when I was about 15 and a volunteer at the local zoo. So cool
I've been fortunate to see one sleeping

https://i.imgur.com/pJ4IqRC.jpg
Aww baby xxo! Where are its wings?
So cute, but I think i’d just lock the door under the bat (if the doors lock separately) in fear of someone toying with the bat if pointed out. 
Bat sleeping 
Please use otter door

Now this is going to be interesting!
L e t  h i m  r e s t
My parents have a bat under the roof eave on the back porch thats a complete bro! I swear since the 5 years hes been living there the bug count has dropped dramatically where it used to be almost unbearable to sit out back as they live on a golf course near some ponds. Now its a odd night if you get bit by a mosquito!

She actually yelled at the bug guys as they chased him away a couple years ago after she made them put in their file to leave batbro alone and they didnt listen!
That bat has my great grandmas hairdo.
“Use other door... or he’ll give you fuckin’ rabies.
Thank you, come again”
I love bats (just a little less love for the hammer head bat. Google it) 

During the summers, when I was growing up, my parents would have nightly campfires in their fire pit and a few of the neighbours and heir kids would join. We would set up at a certain time each night, just before dusk, so we would all be settled in when it started to get dark. We would sit back and watch all the little bats flit about in the fading light, chasing mosquitoes and moths. 

At my parents place (countryside) we usually found some bat's behind the shutters at the end of summer (they stay open all summer).
We usually close them/open them once during the day (quickly) to frighten them a little, then, we wait for night to softly close them and expose the bats.

The quick warning plus the open stay close all night make them find a new place to sleep during the day.

We just want them to be safe elsewhere as we close the shutters every night appart in summer and usually do it before night.

They are smart enough to understand.

Also, we avoid touching the shutters during summer because we know that there is probably some behind and we don't want to disturb them more than necessary. 
I like how they made a sign... lol😂😅
That's not a bat, that's a headcrab!
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/White-nose_syndrome

White nose syndrome, very common and often the bats you see are infected...
Whoever went to the trouble to do this for this little guy has a pure soul. 
He never made it home after his shift. 
What a kind note.  
My office did something like this except it's a perpetually annual bird nest in the sliding door track and it blocks the only ADA entrance that isn't a turnstile. Now folks in wheelchairs have to enter another building 1/4mi away and take the frequently flooded tunnel...
looks cute and a bit fluffy but it's hard to see them in the city.
He wanted to meet ozzy at GC.
Aweeeee
Awe that was nice of them :)
Shikakaaaaaaa!
/r/humansbeingbros
My roommate is terrified of bats... We had one living on our back porch, and they decided to get a broom and smack it to death. I was so angry when I found out... I would have built it a bat house and put it somewhere else on the property.
I've had bats in the attic of my last two houses.  Made sure to have a bat house installed nearby both time before I had them leave. They really do a great job on bug patrol! Leave a mess in the attic, though!
Soil scientist here. That looks like it's a Big Brown Bat (*Eptesicus fuscus*). 
[deleted]
Hungover bat is hung over the door. Watch where you step. It just puked on the floor.
Best contact a bat handler as I doubt a healthy bat would stay there
I hope people left it alone. If I made that sign I probably wouldn’t even point out the bat cause then people would probably bully it away/ kids would throw something at it. 
r/HumansBeingBros
Sweet dreams, little sky puppy 
What a cute little flying floof! 
Absolute unit ❤️
Bruce Wayne approves. 🦇
Is this thing an albino?
what kinda bat is that
Awww so cute!!
Bats are cute until you go to South America 
Cute
Just don't get in its aggro radius.
When I was a kid it was my duty to get rid of the bats in the house since I was the only male there and the tallest. My mom always made it a point to not let me kill them even though I was terrified of them getting in my hair(again)

Wouldn't be until the last few years that I've seen them in a new light. Adorable animals and no real reason to fear them. Glad my momma saved me from killing them.

Hard as hell to catch though. Eventually it became a team effort with my sisters to trap them in a sheet and let them loose while running like hell for the door.

My step dad, on the other hand, was a real prick. Watched him shoot a bat INSIDE THE HOUSE with a hunting rifle. Immensely happy I knew enough to know he wasn't someone worth emulating.
Hey, I getcha. Those night shifts are rough.
How kind of them to leave the little guy alone :)
"I am the niiggghhhaaaaawwwyaaawn."
^Shikaka!
I thought bats don’t like to sleep under daylight. (Solely from my vampire knowledge tho)
This was such a cool move. Whoever made this sign is awesome.
He goes batty if you wake him 
What a cute little guy! 
Good Guy Guitar Center
in another post:

^ shit stain, will drop if u slide open door and walk under it :D
That's not a bat, that's a headcrab!
That is 100% a door at a guitar center. 
I woke up with a bat flying a foot above my head in my bedroom yesterday.. the most terrifying thing I've dealt with in a long time but I still love this little guy
I love bats omg that's adorable! Don't understand why some people hate them
r/batty
I hope people left it alone. If I made that sign I probably wouldn’t even point out the bat cause then people would probably bully it away/ kids would throw something at it. 
Should be cross-posted to /r/HumansBeingBros ! <3 
Love em. Giant fruit bats look just like foxes, so adorable
aww, can I share this on my fb page?
That bat is gonna die if it keeps sleeping in stupid areas. 

It would actually be a better idea to shoo him away so he learns that places like that are horrible to rest at. Or put it in a box and bring it to the woods somewhere. Or animal control. 


Later they discovered that it was a cadaver.
I prefer the spelling “boi,” but I dig it anyway. 
Are we sure its not dead and someone just put a sign there because they are too lazy to move it 
is a flapflap doggo
I remember at my elementary school there was often a bat hanging up by where the door entrance was just like this but it was a bit darker of a spot but same deal pretty much.
That is a sick bat.  
"It's not who I am underneath, but what I do that defines me."
Lol
He wanted to hear the sweet sound of music coming from Guitar Center 😂🎸
We had a bat visitor in the Airbnb cabin that we rented at the lake this weekend.
Good guy store owner
Man this brings back memories of Veterans Stadium in Philadelphia (no longer with us).  Phillies games at night during the Summer always featured bats (not those bats) flying back and forth once the sun went down.
Sweet...love those things.
Good night my sleepy little friend
*squeeeee* So cute!
I love bats.  This is really sweet.  Hope he/she is ok.
Aww 😍 so cute
I never understood fear of bats... 
This is just too pure,that little sign though! 
This is too cute
Yup! I love this person!!!
I like how they made a sign... lol😂😅
From from my experience people usually ignore signs... at least, when it only takes one person to ignore it
Do not wake the fuzzy dragon! It will squeak with displeasure at you.
This is the sweetest thing I’ve ever seen in my life
Cute is like having a pet. 
Up votes for nipple ring ask me anything 
Yeah adorable.  Until they bite you and you spend $8000 dollars on vaccine and get 25 shots "just in case" yeah I'm bitter. 
Batbro
This bat looks like Morgan Freeman.
Would comply 
just how i feel
Mr. Wayne approves. 
Lol what Guitar Center is that???
Does this sign actually work? Cause I work nights and I'm tired of people knocking at my door in the morning when I just went to sleep so if people actually read signs and follow directions I'll make sure to put one out.
My bf was fostering an abandoned baby bat the last few months. We loved the tiny thing. We knew that the baby was abandoned because the mother actually had nothing to do with it despite us leaving it alone. My bf works in a cave system and know a lot about bats. 

PSA don’t pick up random baby bats off the ground. Most likely they have not been abandoned or orphaned and the mother will be back to take care of it. 
Aww, batty boi.
I hope it’s not sick
Am I the only one who is scared of bats? I don’t know much, well nothing about them. Are they dangerous to a human?
Omens of Good Fortune
 When Bats Nest In Your Home  . . ...     This is one of the most powerful indications that the family is about to become seriously wealthy. The Chinese regard bats as symbols of abundant wealth. The circular pattern of five bats is a very popular design feature found on furniture, paintings and ceramics. The Chinese believe that bats nest only in auspicious places – they have highly developed sensory parts that are able to “smell” out places with auspicious chi. The next time bats come and nest in the eaves of your home, rejoice because this heralds good fortune.


I literally just got done watching the dark knight rises 
Bats risk life and limb to get a little shut eye....that's why they're such dangerous drivers
I tried to react ‘love’ to this. (I was just on Facebook.)
When I was a kid I really wanted a pet bat :(
I know people are scared of bats but only a few are vampiric IE5?
Bats leg muscles are reverse from human. Their feet naturally grip. It’s how they can fall asleep upside down and not let go. That being said, if they die while clutched, they’ll never let go. A bat in the open like that is a bad sign. 

Source: had a bat stuck on my office building for 2 months
I was woken up recently by a very confused bat that managed to fly in my window. Took me a moment to realize what it was. Cute little bugger. 
/r/humansbeingbros
Nice
Is it sick?
Great
I love bats so much! Fascinating little critters! 
Two types of people will heed this sign and use the other door:

1. "Oh, this gentle child of Mother Nature is sleeping. I must be careful not to wake him."

2. "HOLY CRAP THERE'S A BAT ON THE DOOR! OMG KEEP IT AWAY FROM ME! IS THERE ANY OTHER WAY TO GET INTO THE BUILDING THAT KEEPS ME AWAY FROM THE BLOODSUCKING FLYING RABIES RAT OF DEATH?? OVER THERE?? GREAT I AM NEVER GOING NEAR THE BAT DOOR EVER AGAIN"
Whoa. My handwriting went viral.
Looks like a Headcrab from Half Life
Understandable, have a nice day. 
Reminds me of a bat that appeared on the side of my office building last Halloween (big coincidence). I saw it wriggling and seemingly positioning itself to its comfort. It was still there the next day, the day after, and 2 weeks later. I had initially thought it was hibernating (I don't even know if bats do that). I eventually found it on the ground, and much of its face had been decomposed or eaten away. The remains remained in our parking lot until February earlier this year, when it was nowhere to be found after a huge winter storm. I was actually saddened to see it had died. I was so eager for it to fly away.
Are you sure it's alive? From what I've seen, bats can just die like that. Still hanging upside down.
Sweet! I love bats! 
woo
It jumps on your face if you try to open the door
This is just a precursor to what will happen like in that one malcolm in the middle episode
Seems like a sign I would put up......
Maybe if people continued to use the door, as usual, the bat would learn not to rest there, and pass that knowledge on to others/it’s offspring. 
Aww that's precious! I'm glad they put a sign up for the little guy!
That looked like a fuzzy headcrab at first
Are you sure it's not dead?
Perhaps he was evicted from the Bat Cave!
Is this in Canada?
Adoorable 
Sleeping out in the open.... stay the fuck away from that.
Bubonic plague?
We'll call him Grady.
He doesnt look sleepy but he does look absolutely hammered
sweet dreams batty
I've heard they eat up to a 1,000 mosquitoes a day. Good boi batman.
[This](https://www.reddit.com/r/offmychest/comments/957r7f/i_need_to_get_this_off_my_chest_the_dangers_of/?st=JKJW42BU&sh=50d892f2https://www.reddit.com/r/offmychest/comments/957r7f/i_need_to_get_this_off_my_chest_the_dangers_of/?st=JKJW42BU&sh=50d892f2) 
Should it exist?
Damn I need that sign for myself
Don't wake the tiny flying pup
I was in Africa a few weeks ago and ate bat curry.
10/10 wouldn’t do it again.
I thought it was a headcrab from the thumbnail..
lol
Whatever.  I'm using the door that I want to use.  That bat needs to get off of it's lazy hind claws and get a day job!  I'm not working hard every day and paying taxes so that bat can sleep the day away on my dime!
Call me crazy. But I Adore Bats. 
Ctrl-F and not one "Portland"

Reddit, I am dissapoint.
Yes, it's so cute, but they are carriers of rabies. Be careful.
Well, I don't know what I expected.
Keep sleepin’ boye
What a cute wing pupper
This of course pops up on my news feed when I’ve been having massive anxiety about rabies for the past two weeks lol. I have OCD and I’ve been scared a bat got into my apartment without me seeing it or anything. 
Cute fluffy boy,  why are my instincts to hug him
/r/humansbeingbros
Blessed Be All Ceatures Great and Small
What an adorable little sleepy floof.
r/humansbeingbros
r/humansbeingbros
This boye looks like a headcrab
A bat alone, outside in daylight? Might be rabid.
Neat, read a story about a man was bitten by a bat in his sleep and didn't know it until it was too late for the shots. No thanks bats! 
[deleted]
That bad ain't right.  It could have rabies.  

Why isn't that bad sleeping in the dark corner?

That's not right. That's not what bats do.

Not-acting-normally bats probably have rabies.
Boye?

WTF. The idiots that use doggo and doge, are using Boye now. JFC. 
I know there’s a twist ending involved, but I can’t figure it out. Is he secretly a cat?
Winged puppers
It’s dead
Bat = flying rat.
Endangered or not....if they disrupt my sleep they're going to have a sleep themselves. The eternal kind.
aww? bats have rabies and spread ebola in africa. Not really sure where the aww comes in? Maybe "awwwww, I have to go to the hospital because I touched a bat".
That's a dead bat
Well if a bat is out in the daytime, acting strangely, odds are its a sick animal, and possibly dangerous to humans.  I dont think this is quite as "aww"  as it looks.
Only on Reddit are these annoying vermin somehow viewed as cute creatures that everybody loves to have around and treat as pets 
He isn't hanging upside down from the ceiling. So.... Literally the only thing I know about bats is wrong?
I would of burned it together with the stupid store 
I want you to know a bat was just flying around my house, and I killed it with a tenses racket. So Seeing this...  I want that bat dead.
