Never thought about dog owners who can’t walk their dogs cause of old age. Must be hard if you don’t have family to help, I wonder if there’s like actual people who have like a group help elderly walk their dogs.
You have probably added  years to this dog’s life! You have done a great thing here. 
When I first meet Buddy the poor guy could barely walk/waddle without getting out of breathe. He hated the leash and refused to leave his owner’s side so I had to carry him down the street and force him to walk back. Now he loves his daily walks and can even run.  So proud of Buddy! 

Edit 1: Thank you for the reddit gold and all the kind words!!!!Y’all are too kind! 

Edit 2: The before and after is after 6 months of walking. He gets walked around the block every day. He was a rescue but we think he is a 10 yo chihuahua mix. Also I swear he is happy! He just looks grumpy! 
r/progresspics needs this
Aww! Good job, both of you- Buddy for getting in shape and you for being a good human being! ❤
I think you did a wonderful thing and I'm certain you've enriched his life and his mental health and that both he and the old lady you help love you dearly for it. 

The photos make me laugh though because in the second one, his squint makes he look like he is glaring into your soul with resentment. It's like he's thinking *'I was happy before you. Fat and happy. I stayed indoors where it was warm and my lily white feet knew only the soft embrace of the finest Persian rugs. But then . . . you came. Now I am ripped daily from my happy home and with my ever shrinking body I feel the bite of autumn's cold teeth. My feet are dirtied, dirtied by the harsh tap tap tap on concrete and the decaying bodies of once green leaves. As green and full of the warm sun's promise as my past was. One day I'll make you'll see. One day.'*
In the first pic he looks timid but now he has that smug ass look on his face like "yea, I look good." Too cute!!!

 You are a nice person!
Is there a sub for doggo progress pics?
From the look on his face, Buddy doesn't look enthused about his new fitness regimen.
If you cut his nails, he will have a lot more of an easier time to be active and stay active. He will also feel a lot more comfortable in general. 
That’s awesome! Your neighbor might also consider feeding Buddy less, which will help him stay at a healthy weight. 
I love this so much. Thank you. 
Shameless plug here but I am in Atlantic Canada and volunteer for an organization called Elderdog. They pair seniors who have dogs with volunteers who walk them and play with them. I walk 2, sometimes 3, gorgeous dogs for a senior. 

If you live in At.Can, or even if you don't, look into organisations near you who may also do this. It's so rewarding and keeps seniors with their dogs longer. 
In the first picture he looks self conscious and in the second one he looks all smug like ay I know I look good beeee
Buddy has made some great dogress!
🎶 My Buddy and me! 🎶
T H I C C  B O Y E
You are good people.
You rock! You are literally adding years back to Buddy’s life!
This has so many layers of sweetness.
How long do you walk him for? Did you have to gradually increase distance? 
This is too awesome! You’re a great person!
He looks like he’s sick of your shit
That is awesome of you to help both of them! 
That was very kind of you and I'm sure they both appreciate it a lot. Nice work
Holy shit how far did you walk him??
Good human does goodboy a help! Yesss.
Fat animals make me sad.

Good work on giving him exercise!
How long do you walk him for? So cute
That’s so awesome man, glad to see upstanding people doing nice stuff sometimes. :)
He looks like he hates you
You are a really good person, OP! Thank you for caring for Buddy and also helping out your neighbor when she needed it! I hope you get lots of puppy kisses from Buddy!
I would like to see more posts like this.
Good boi gettin’ gains.
and now they have a friend when the other one dies





^^^apply ^^^that ^^^which ^^^ever ^^^way ^^^you ^^^like
This is more awesome than some of the success stories on /r/loseit. And much cuter.
Bless him and bless you.
Damn that dog is thicc
This is so touching and inspiring. Thinking about doing the same thing for my niece's Guinea pig.
Way to go! You’re making a big difference in both of their lives, thank you!
He needs a pair of sunnies
:)
You are so pure
This is the most wholesome and good deed I've seen on here. Good job! And congrats little pup!
Holy crap in a hat. That was one round doggo. Good job
That's so awesome!  I'm proud of Buddy and you! <3
[deleted]
That’s super awesome and kind-hearted of you to do!! You rock!!! Congrats on getting healthy Buddy! 
Wow what a contrast between the two photos!

Thanks for being a kind human.
I can only imagine your weight loss is just as good!

When we set a goal, it's not the finish line, but what happens on the way there that has the most impact in our lives.  Great job!!!
This is so sweet. Applause for your selflessness. 
This world needs more people to act like this
* Pic 1: "Do I really have to move for this 'walk'?"
* Pic 2: "Oh my god, Karen if I have to take one more step..."
Why he looked pissed about the weight loss 
YEEEY THANK TOU MAN ALL DOGS SHOULD HAVE SOMEONE LIKE YOU
You deserve your impending gold, OP. 
Good for you man :) I walk my friend's dog too, wish I had space for a doggo
Good for you.  Excellent results!
Aaaaaawwwwwwww. Happy pupper
He also changed from a dog to an opossum
This is the cutest thing!
I’m really touched by this. Thank you ❤️ Shine on
“What have you done to meeee!!!?!!!” Eyes right there
Wholesome
You are an awesome person. Please have lots of kids. 
Based Buddy
Great post but I am laughing at the face on the dog now that he is in better shape and going on walks. He does. It look thrilled!! 
He looks like he fucking hates you
Now he has kind of a badass look on his face too.
He looks pissed in the right photo
You are an awesome human being! 
What's cuter than doggo? Healthy doggo! 
That must have been one hell of a walk!
Thanks for being good hooman to buddy and your neighbor. <3
💝🐕
You are a good person.
Yaaay!
awesome work! he looks great
He looks like he hates you
Awww thank you for enriching this pups life and helping a senior!! ❤️
poor thing looks so old, thank you for doing such a thing ❤️
Thank you! 
For being a good neighbor and doing what needed to be done. That pup is their BF. How's the 90 yr old doing. I love older people.
Bro buddy fuckin hates your ass
"I was happier when I was fat, you stupid fucking human. Where are the fucking treats?" - Buddy the Dog
Burrito to Egg Roll
he resents you so hard for it too, that is some vicious stink-eye
Chonk to chad
Absolute unit
[deleted]
I'm glad you did it but honestly, the owner is to blame regardless of her age. She could have had someone all these years walk her dog. 
The sad thing is that this is a form abuse even though unintentional due to the elderly owner not being able to walk, but there needs to be volunteer services for those animals.  If the elderly owner can't take care of himself then how the hell are they going to take care of a dog or cat if they can't even get out of the front door.  The sad thing is if the animal is taken away, the elderly owner will most be heartbroken since the dog or cat is their only companionship.     
Before Pic: "Get the fuck away with that leash.  I'm not going.  I hate you."

After Pic: "You're still a dick... but thanks for saving my life."
Go Buddy and OP!!
Loyal dog
r/AbsoluteUnits
2nd pic.  Little buddy is up to something. He's shifty.
I fucking love you for this OP
Go buddy go!
A simple act that seem nothing but has and will impact many (me included). Good karma will come to you.

Now we just gotta get people to do this 
Thank you so much for helping this dog out. You make a huge diffrerence on his quality of life.
Probably saved this dog’s life!
Can you walk me?
Left: Sad little balloon!

Right: Begrudingly admitting that maybe this walking thing is good for him.
His facial expression is priceless. "Y u do dis. But thx."
Proof that working out doesn't boost a dog's mood 
He don't seem too proud to be slim. Must be crashing from all that cross fit bull shit
Alternative Title: Old lady commits animal abuse.
Good Hooman 
You are a wonderful human! 
What’s with old people and naming their dogs buddy? My great grandma had a dog named buddy
Cute little nugget!
You are a good person. 
How is that the same dog
Buddy now has a jawline and resting bitch face
Lol. Looks healthier... And pissed! 

 I speak from experience, I exercised once - it was awful. 
Buddy does not look amused.
Lol he looks absolutely miserable
And I hope you have added light to the neighbor's life.  My 84-year-old grandmother lost her dog it hurt her real bad. She missed having something around to talk to.
#Praise be to the newest Champion of Reddit, u/strikeoutsteph!

[Let us not forget the Champions of yore...](https://www.reddit.com/r/ChampionsOfReddit/)
Let's no get out of perspective that the Dog Owner is 90 years old. It's not his fault he can't walk his buddy. :(
Nice
You vs. the guy she tells you not to worry about
/r/dogresspics if you want even more looted karma
Hey can you help me next? 
Good job OP in helping the dog out. You probably saved its life.

Having said that, it actually really annoys me when old people insist on continuing to own dogs, when they clearly aren't able to look after them properly. Failing to have a dog walked is failing as a dog owner. Also that little dog was morbidly obese, which again indicates that the 90 year old owner was completely failing in their duty.

I appreciate that old people can get lonely, and want company in the form of a pet, but this situation was still unacceptable. My advice to such dog owners, is to either get help if they're struggling, or consider being owned by a cat. Either way, they need to take responsibility, or not own a pet at all. /rant
People really shouldn't get pets when they're so old. It's not fair on the pets when they die and they get neglected in certain ways like this ): I'm happy you've helped her out like this though ! So kind 
This warms my heart.
could be a sign of dementia or even alzheimers. my grandmother came to live with me and she kept over feeding my dog because he would beg for food and she could not remember he had already eaten. thankfully my little guy likes to chase other dogs along the fence so he ran the extra food off.  
Jesus that poor dog thank you for helping him
That's animal abuse. If you can't take care of your pet, give it away.
You are awesome, your neighbor is a dog abuser. Just feeding him less would also make him not morbidly obese. I get being super old sucks, but this is animal cruelty.
Looks like a dog that barks at everyone and everything
That's animal cruelty. If you can't care for an animal, find a new home for it, where it can be much happier. "Years" is more than enough time to hire a dog walker.
Can you walk me, please? Thanks.
You are beautiful soul!
This blatantly looks like a meme.
In awe at the size of this lad.
Don't talk to me or my son ever again.
Dat face says I kill u I kill so dead
r/mademesmile
This is the sweetest! You’re an awesome human.
Awesome.   I'm sure you guys bonded as well.  
Wholesome
You’re an awesome person, doing this for both your neighbor and for Buddy.
You're a good neighbor. 
looking like an absolute unit on the left
It looks like a fat carry image photoshopped with a dog's head.
**from fluffo to buffo**
whyd you do it
Good hooman.
This made my day!!
You’re a great person for doing this! Thank you for helping that mutt out and increasing its quality of life. 
Omg ur the best!! What a happy lil chi!
I'm sure he is happy to be outside but his better years are behind him inside of the house.
God bless you
Bet he is loving it too! Good for you, that's very kind of you.
You have given Buddy so many more years!! Hopefully he will live at least as long as your neighbor... by the time people get that old they end up losing people, pets etc all the time. Hopefully this is one less loss they will have to experience!! 
Steph didn’t strike out this time. Steph hit a home run. 
You gave them both a gift. The dog gets weight loss, and the owner gets to keep her dog longer.
You are so awesome helping out your senior neighbor and Buddy!  
Thank you for being a good person ❤️
I started walking my 2 older chihuahuas with my new lab and they are looking really fit too! We're all getting in better shape. But I wish I'd taken a before and after of all of us first!
You're the best kind of neighbor, one who cares. 
He's got a whole new leash on life! 
Absolute unit
He still thicc tho! 👌🏻
You're a good human. Thank you.
Absolute unit
You are the best hoooman in the world!
this is so pure. the content I need in my cynical existence 
God bless you my dude 
Sounds like a good deal!

The dog gets walked and becomes healthier, and you get a dog to go outside with and start conversations.
Love the expression on the after picture. 

Before: I'm fat, but I'm fine.

After: I fuckin' hate you Bob.
I used to walk my exes dog daily who is a corgi. Recently saw said dog and just about cried on how much weight she gained. Good on you OP for giving this pup some exercise!
r/progresspics
The only thing bigger than the poor puppy at the beginning is your heart ❤️ , well done you.
SO PROUD OF YOU AND BUDDY <3 <3 <3
Awww good on you. He looks so much better 😀
He looks high as hell in the second photo.. 
Youre a great person
The dog kind of looks like it resents you for it.
He went from potato to hot dog! If you keep it up he will reach noodle tier!
I wish I could be that good of an human being. Nice job op ❤️
r/humansbeingbros r/mademesmile
Well done,  OP. Fucking well done. 
Love
Probably the best before/after comparison I ever saw 
This is awesome
I’m certain he’s happy but that look on the second panel is like he’s judging you. 

“I used to have a nice life lounging around....”
That's so nice of you. He looks happier too. 
That's very sweet of you, you are a kind person! Buddy looks great! 
Major Karma points for you my friend. 
You are a hero :)
You probably gave both of them more years together!
Looking good Buddy. 
Everyone needs someone and it's so very cool to see that you were there for someone who needed it.
You absolutely beautiful human being. 
What an incredibly kind thing for you to do for both the neighbor and the dog! ❤️
Great job!! 
I might need you to start taking me for walks. 
AWW! Give pls give him a cuddle for me 😍
Thank you for taking great care of this good boy!
Who a good human

You are a hero!
That's so kind of you!!
I've done that. Lots of elderly people in this neighborhood so I've walked their dogs.

One pair of dogs I walked for three years. Really sad when they moved away. And now no one walks those dogs.
Delivered pizza for a living. Can confirm a lot of old people have an overweight pupper to greet you at the door.
He looks more miserable..
All good things considered, the after image looks like hes seriously gotten sick of your shit.
Sweet of you to help out. 
Yeah, he looks thrilled.
Poor old lady and doggo. His mommy doesn't have the strength to walk him 
Well done! You have a generous heart, to do this for Buddy and your neighbor.
You know she added you to her will ......your getting the dog <3
He looks pissed about it. “God damn, picking me up and taking me from my house can’t believe this shi- I’m out OF BREATH MELANIE OK”
Congrats to you and the dog. Looks like you both have had quite the transformations lately!
Buddy looks like a real chick magnet :)
well done! Other people may see it and turn a blind eye to it but you chose not to ignore it. My dad was 86 years old and he had neighbors who always looked out for him and it really give me peace of mind that they did I didn't live very far away and neither did my sister's so we were there often but we knew when we couldn't make it like an inclement weather that he could count on them to help him maybe shovel his driveway or you know just things like that for him and it made all the difference in the world 
Can you take me for walks too, i need to lose weight 😂😂😂
Good lad. He's looking in great shape. Can't believe just how round he was before. 
You ROCK!
He’s not your buddy, pal.
\>that expression in the second picture  
You know he knows he's better and healthier, but he doesnt' like it and want you to know it  

#TransfomarionTuesday



Good job!
Exactly what I was expecting to see owned by a 90 year old lady. 
Everyone should create an alt account to upvote this twice
No doubt both Buddy and his mama are happy to have you as a neighbor. He looks so much better!
Skinny boi
It might not seem like much but this favor has more impact than you might realize...You are keeping an elderly person’s companion healthy, happy and alive. It’s proven that elderly people can live longer and are happier when they have a beloved pet. She is probably so relieved that he gets exercise and I bet she enjoys seeing you too. It’s always great to take initiative and do a kind deed but you have taken this a step further.  You saw a simple way that you could help and committed to it! By doing so you’ve improved someone else’s (lady and dog’s) quality of life! 
The second photo looks like Buddy's slowly realizing something about you. Like he was thinking about how much easier his life's been lately - being able to walk better, run again, and even jump onto the couch. And he thinks "Wait a minute, did this human teach me how to do these things again? Before I met her I'm sure I couldn't move so fast. It was you, wasn't it? My legs are better because of you, you sly dog."
What breed is that? It looks like a house elf.
since when did dogs master angling pictures?
The dog has the I rather be fat face
You're doing a great thing. 
Love it! You're a good hooman 
Hes makin nore progress than me. Good job lil buddy
That is so fucking nice of you. That's what's living is all about Helping those ones who can't do it. This makes me happy good job buddy!!!
Aww I hope you tell your neighbor that the internet loves her and her doggo!
He looks very polite in the one to the left.
I see two tails on the first photo. What happened to that one?
100k in 5 hours?! Holy shit. 
Gj, but in some other states the police would have taken care of the issue by taking the dog from her.
i love you. you are a hero to me. 
You're telling me getting out and moving made that dog lose weight?  I figured it needed a miracle product like fit tea or herbal life...
From thicc to slicc.
😭😭 poor doggie
This is so pure! 
You’re a good person 
Ok..time to start taking myself for walks and lose some of these extra lbs.

Thanks for the inspiration Buddy!
This is lovely - you are a good human being! The idea of carrying Buddy partway and making him walk back is a great idea! Well done both! 
We adopted a dog named Buddy when his human had to enter an assisted living facility.  He too was overweight and clumsy, but he's a new man these days.  Fit and agile and just the sweetest little guy.  He loves his new pack.
He looks very unamused at his progress

Hey man, can you walk me? I got 15 pounds I would like to lose.
Maybe added years to OP's life too.  Win, win.  Great Job!
Yeah he totally looks thrilled about it.
Such a wonderful thing you’ve done, both for the pup  and your neighbor.  I’ve done Meals on Wheels for years and there are so many elderly who are isolated. Sometimes the people who  are delivering meals might be the only people they see all week.  There so much kindness in what you’re doing.  Thanks for being a part of this world. 
Buddy does not look amused. 
From CHONK to HONK 
Jeez all that weight after 1 walk? You're a miracle worker
Walking the dog and enriching his life is fantastic. Doing this for your neighbor, makes you an amazing human being! Way to be an awesome neighbor that I would be happy to live next to. Kudos! 
Now this is worthy of 100 Up votes! 🙏🙏🙏
You are a great person! Xoxo
Right on OP! Super nice for your to do for the dog and your neighbor. 
May I be next?
I would love this arrangement.  I get a dog to walk but I don't have to be home by a certain time to let him/her out to pee :-)
That's absolutely adorable
I wonder if he saved his skinny jeans 
Dude, nice.  I can definitely see those jaw gains and the lats are doing well too.  What body fat percentage is your dog?  Also, how much does he bench?  I'm trying to achieve that same ripped physique.  Can you also provide a diet plan?  Thank you so much.
Buddy doesn't looked too thrilled!
Thanks for helping out. I had to take a dog from a senior who could no longer care for their dog. She weighed 26 lbs. She lost 6.lbs and fits in with my other three dogs. She is now loving and happy. It makes me happy whenever I look at her. You’ll benefit from your efforts.
Can you walk me?
Buddy looks like he’s seen some shit
This is so amazing!

Congrats!

/r/HumansBeingBros 
Aw, he looks fantastic! You’re a good person for doing this. My Nan is 76 and my brother walks her dog three times a week. The vets are pleased with her weight loss and the movement helps her tired old bones, plus she gets out of the house for half an hour to smell all the smells. I’m so glad there are good people out there to help animals.
Are these nails supposed to be cut?
Thank you for loving animals 🐢❤️
You’re a good person. I salute you
You rock! 

This is beautiful. Well done you and well done Buddy! 

Such a gorgeous little face!
Do you also walk the bunnies in your avi?  I know someone w a rabbit named Kevin and I’m still not over it.  Like, I think ab Kevin the rabbit at least 4x  a week
Buddy looks tired of your shit. Or maybe he's just tired.
Such a precious nugget. So kind of you to help your neighbor and Buddy <3
I’m shocked the bot didn’t jump in to say “THIS LOOKS LIKE A PROGRESSION PIC”
Wow all in one walk
Awwwww, good for you...Proud of you!
Yay!
Buddy doesn't look too happy about it
Felicidades!.
Cute
Neighbours have a golden. She's old and adorable and I've never seen her be walked in the year we've lived in this house. I want to so badly to offer to walk her! They've got kids at an appropriate age to walk her too. She's always running across the street to the field and wants to play. It breaks my heart.
How nice!
Well done.
Hi Buddy. You are sooo handsome. Congrats on your weight loss. I just fell in love with a guy named Buddy.
Great job, dudette

Love this x
That 2nd photo of though... "bitch took my food from me".
This makes me so happy! That’s so kind of you. 
Good hooman
And mental health.
Is that a cat's tail in the first pic?

Are you not walking the cat?
150k Upvotes in 13 hours, wow.
You are doing god's job, son
He did look happier when fat tho. Or maybe you walked him too early on the morning.
I used to have a Chihuahua that really loved it when we would take her out for walks but hated actually walking because she would get tired because she was incredibly fat, and she wouldn't lose weight. She passed away because some stomach problems caused by her love for food that was meant for a way bigger dog we had and depression by being separated 😅
This has got to be the most wonderful short story I've read today. Thank you for this, OP. 

Buddy, in his second pic, looks like he doesn't want to participate in everything you put him through, but I'm sure he's happy. Such a cute dog! 

p.s. Have his owner cut his nails. 
Don't use this word lightly, but true Hero.
Awww look at the little sausage 
Buddy looked like a giant tick w/ four legs but now looks so much healthier.
Good hooman and pupper
Kudos....I think you did a really kind act that was giving both to your neighbor and the little doggie. I wish my neighbors were so nice!
He doesn't look so happy about it ...
I wish someone made me go for walks lol
That dog doesn't look happy about the diet :D
Thank you for doing a kind deed today ❤️
🎶I’m too sexy for this leash!🎶
My dog loves human scraps and gets into the cats food all the time, I think the only reason she's a skinny bitch is because I walk her excessively, but where as that works for her it has not worked for me, lol dog metabolisms are next level. 
Never thought about dog owners who can’t walk their dogs cause of old age. Must be hard if you don’t have family to help, I wonder if there’s like actual people who have like a group help elderly walk their dogs.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
I read it like “she hasn’t walked the dog in 90 years” 😂😂
You are a supreme human being!
#THIS MAKES ME SO FUCKING HAPPY 
Am i the only one that wants an update on Buddy's weight loss?
You are the bestest good grrl person ever!!
Honestly I really resent the fact that some dogs have to spend their entire lives with super old people. It's a shame.
He looks like a good meme
Ouch I thought the dog was 90 years old
It seems like every person over 75 has a pet named buddy amirite
i like it he is so cute

Jeez is the dog 90 too? Cute little chonk 
I'm probably gonna get downvoted for this, but this is one of the reasons old people shouldn't have pets that they can't fully take care off themselves
Are you sure it wasn't just a big ugly domesticated rat?
What an asshole if you can’t walk your poor dog have someone do it for you that’s not fair for buddy :(
r/progresspics
From R O U N D  B O I to L E A N  B O I.
Thats one fat sumbitch
That is why old people should not have young dogs, they should have like a parrot or a cat 
so you're saying that a little activity goes a long way? That can't be. Weight loss is more than eating less and moving more! 

That dog has outstanding genes! Or maybe the dog is doing keto and intermittent fasting. Do you add apple cider vinegar into the dog's water to melt the fat off? Is the dog following an organic, clean diet? How long it took you to detox the dog? 

/s 
He's not fat. Just big boned
I know that it’s terrible for their health but fat animals are cute af 
Let's no get out of perspective that the Dog Owner is 90 years old. It's not his fault he can't walk his buddy. :(
On the left: happy and chubby
 
On the right: "it's 95° out Steph where are my dammed biscuits?!"
Thank you! From all the dog lovers in the world, especially the dog lovers that need extra help to keep our pups healthy.
/r/dogresspics
Wow, awesome. This is great. Taking care of elders and animals. Good for you, OP. My faith in humanity has increased in ratings.
That dog looks 90 years old
This works for humans too....get off your ass and move more if your overweight
Holy fuck that dog looks like a snake after a huge meal

I have one similar to it but she refused to walk on the leash so she just collects mass, pretty soon we're gonna start to orbit her :(
Heckn good looking 
I hate to write it, but...she really should think of allowing you to adopt her dog.  She can't help her dog be healthy anymore, it's time to give him to someone that can.
You shouldn't own a fucking dog if you refuse to walk it, really is sad when people abuse their pets like this, being old isn't an excuse either, you can get a mobility scooter and have him walk along side...
You saved life of this dog. Lool at him and his over weight. You give him more years for live. Im so proud on you. Thanks for saving dog. Who have this dog is 100% no lifer or he does not have heart for animals. Dog is so polite. He does not seen nature many years. 
Are you positive his name isn't [Ferdinand](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/tomandjerry/images/c/cf/Tom_and_Jerry_The_Movie_-_Ferdinand_holding_Jerry.png/revision/latest?cb=20150414015354)?
You go girl
He looks peeved at you
Nice, especially nice.
Your a good boy/girl, strikoutsteph. 
That’s the best thing for a dog. A walk, daily, if not two or three times.
Awk them ears! 
Apparently it helped you lose weight too 
Posts like this make me proud to be human!
Just out of curiosity, what breed is that dog? It’s just so adorable 😍😍
r/progresspics
TBH he looks more proud in the first picture lol
M
Where did Buddy go number 1 and 2 at before?  Just wherever in the house?
What breed is this? Its cute but also kinda oddlooking.
Buddy in the second photo kind of looks like Ethan from H3H3
OP did something good. Give gold guys.
Awwwwww go you and buddy! It is so nice to see someone do something for someone that is completely selfless 
Awwwww. You added years to that baby’s life. Kudos to you and that hard working Buddy! 💖
You’re a good person.  Buddy is a lucky dude! 
A very sweet and nice
Now that’s a glowup!
This is a great way to show the elderly we care. Great idea and blessings upon you for your kindness.
WHAT KIND OF DOG IS THIS?! 😱
Great job! You probably added a few years to this dog's life span. Also, is this Austin, bc that dog looks super familiar to me? 
Thank you for being a great human!
Aww so glad for Buddy! He probably feels a lot better!
Buddy is a good boy.
You can post the before pic on r/absoluteunits
he looks like a bundle of floof on the left pic
Absolute Unit —> Abs Unit
You should take him swimming!
Wow, great job!! You probably added a few more years to pup's life 🙂
This is awesome. Feels. That dog is happy.
This made me smile so much, you're an awesome person. I'm sure Buddy appreciates  the walks! 
/r/absoluteunit
/r/youseeingthisshit
That’s great! He doesn’t look very happy with you about it though haha
Thank you for doing this. :)
Buddy AKA Dog Yoda.
You sir, are a good person.
So sweet of you!! Keep up the great work :)
How long did this take? Thanks for being wonderful 
Now these are the kinds of progress pics I don’t mind.
Great work !
As well you should be. Good for you for being such a good neighbor.
Damn i told myself i'd have a transformation picture like this dog by the end of the summer smhh might be too late
Aww buddy looks great and so much happier! Thank you for sharing this. This is the kind of stuff we need more of! 
We're proud of you! Buddy
Also - I like how in photo 1 - Buddy’s tail is in front of him but also TRAILS OFF BEHIND HIM. Honestly - there is some sci-fi shit going on with this dog. 

Side note - Good work OP. He looks awesome.
Well done!
Why is he giving you the stink eye?
Come walk me my trainer sucks 
Look at that boy. Just look at that boy. He is my buddy too. 
You are seriously the best kind of person. Keep doing that you’re doing. 
In awe at the size of this lad. Absolute unit.
You are a standup human being 
Good Gal OP. Loses weight, and helps neighbor dog to do the same! 
Good job buddy 
How long did it take for him to lose this much weight?

Great job Buddy (and human)!!! 
/r/absoluteunits
You are a good person. Keep it up!!
Whats the time difference between the two pictures OP?
Awesome!
It still looks equally as upset with you as before.  Where do you think it got that face from?
this first picture looks like he's worried you're going to take him on a walk. the second pic looks like his fears were confirmed. 
This is the real shit. Thanks OP ❤
I love buddy!!!!
That’s awesome. Nice job. 
Put this dog on r/progresspics
Good neighbor! 
Why does this dog look exactly like a dog a 90yo would have? 
Absolute unit
Fucking superb you funky little dog
He looks happy, like he knows he looks good. Should also post on progress subreddit
From Hot Dog to Hottest Dog.
He has yoda ears
You're a wonderful person, in my book. Thanks for spreading some kindness in this cruel world.
I have this same problem. Will you come walk me? 
Thats what happens when you visit grandma.
a n g e r y   b o y e
Well done! I know giving pets treats feels right but it’s abusive to make the pet overweight.
r/progresspics
Aww! Buddy looks awesome! Great job!!
What a wonderful neighbor you are!!  And you changed that little dog’s life! 💕
Damn this thread is full of great reads. OP is truly a hero on multiple levels.
Absolute unit!
I love how in the second pic he looks super tired lol congrats tho you did an awesome thing
I love you op, ur the real homie this world needs
You are a saint. 
r/absoluteunit
Beautiful! Great job my friend
r/FatPups
He doesn't look too proud in the second picture :P
Such an awesome person you are to help that sweet little pupper and their hooman!!
Your dogs must be pumped about his existence. "Look, there goes Buddy on a walk with OUR hooman." 
This is hysterical. There is a woman that just moved on my block who also had a horribly obese dog named buddy, also owned by her mom who couldn't walk him. I get to watch his weight loss each walk. I should have thought of a before/after photo, because man is that one MASSIVE dog.
Is it just me or is he giving us the look at my new sexy body look on the right pic?
I'd crosspost this on /r/loseit ;)
So nice of you!!!! 
This is a transformation story I can get behind lol way to go Buddy !!!
That's awesome of you!
Adorable 
Go Buddy Go! 👏
 I read that as 90yo dog at first. 

But that’s awesome, I’m sure he’s much more comfortable with some of that weight off him. Such a cute pup!
Good job buddy! 
This guy walks
Great positive influence in the world!!
Damn, how far did you walk? ;)
So sweet
r/progresspics
OP your an awesome dude! 
Dog's best friend. Nicely done.
You are an amazing person OP!
Thank you for adding years to his life, and saving him from knee and back problems ❤️❤️ also a nice little visit for your neighbor every day. You’re a good soul ❤️❤️
He doesn't seem very proud though. 
Before he was an absolute unit. Now hes just a lil chub.
This is the best post I have seen on Reddit this week, thank you OP for being a brilliant human being
No one else noticing the dog giving him the stink eye? He's like "why did you make me do this, I'm now gonna freeze to death cus i have no hibernation flubber" 
Buddy is a Relative Unit now. 
Face gainz!

OP, you are a good soul. May the Universe bless you.
r/AbsoluteUnits
Good on you!
Dog's are awesome. Life is simple for them, and caring for them reminds me of the simplicities in life we take for granted. 
 long nails!
Also I'm sure the neighbor appreciates having some one stop by so that it something happens some one can at least call for help. 
You're so awesome! You're helping both doggo & human ( both you & the dog owner)😁
He’s looks like he hates you for it. Good job helping him out! 
Needs more spray tan in second pic
Can you take me out for a walk from time to time?
Buddy aged. 
Awww, little guy was plump as a pickle 
Brøthêr may ī havæ the lööps
He looked happier while he was fat
haha he looks pissed you got him off his ass. I wonder if a pampered fat dog really cares if they’re fat, not like they’re getting laid. 
How old is he?
Thank you so much for this, you have extended Buddy's life and made it a happier one too. 
you are a Super Hero!!! yay!
She reminds me of my little Micah Sue. I got her from my mil and she was SO fat! She lost a bunch of weight,but she remained chunky until she passed. She was the friendliest dog ever and I miss her sweetness so much
You look great Buddy 
U rock 
The dog looks sick wtf Did you do to it?
Must've been a long walk!
This should be under “humansbeingbros” subreddit as well.
r/progresspics is quaking! 
Someone please do this to me 
Do you know how much weight he lost? He looks so great! You are a wonderful human for doing this.
I like how you serve the community. Thank you. 
Op thank you for being a good human. 
Can you take me out for a walk?
r/absoluteunits
OP, you are Awesome. 
Coincidentally, i also have a small dog named Buddy, but he loves walking; It's our other female small dog that is lazy and fatter
You are amazing for doing that.  It makes such a difference in their lives.

One thing though, if he is gaining weight without being walked, he is eating too many calories.  Advise the owner to check with their vet on how many calories he needs at a resting rate.  From there the vet can advise on how much food when walking.  Also no treating outside those calories.
Is your neighbor dog actually buddy? I'm just asking cause back when I was a kid my first dog I named buddy as well 🤣
Miss that good lazy boy
Snoop Dogg, is that you?
Go buddy!
I need more people like you in my life. People who care about others.
Consider that dog yours. 
Wow! He looks great! Awesome job!
Amazing! I tried crossposting this to r/progresspics for a little bit of fun (crediting you and this post of course), but their stipulations made it difficult (title must be in format "F or M/age/height/200lbs > 140lbs = 60lbs Weight loss progress." Anyway, if you can figure all that out it might be some easy karma!
Poor dog
Buddy’s face doesn’t look like he enjoyed the weight loss 
😇😇😇
Wow dude, that's really considering of you. Buddy's looking great!
Aww what a goooooood booooooy he loves u sm now!!!
Great job Buddy and To You for your dedication and selflessness!!! We need good stories like these:-)^_^
That's a hot dog
That dog just wants to smoke a blunt and watch Clifford 
Looks like an old dog can learn a few new tricks ! If by a kind helping hand (:
Daaaaaamn
He's got that old man grumpy face lol

"I'm doing this for her not for you..l
Good boye does a thiccoms
Fitboye
You should post this to r/progresspics I have a male mini dachshund that went through a weight transition and his photos got a lot of karma (alt account). He went from 23 to 12 pounds, needless to say, our fur babies are way happier and healthier!
Good boys!!! 
He looks slightly suspicious of you.
why does no one asked where he went to the toilet all those years?
Absolute Unit
I love there are people like you!!! ❤❤

Good human!!!!
You are a good neighbor/person!!!

Good for you OP. That dog would thank you if it could talk.
Good human. 
He looks so mad. Maybe he was happy with who he was? You ruined him.
You’re good people
He looks the same
When my old roommate and I moved into together, I started walking his elderly dog, which I don’t think had happened in years.  

This dog went through a crazy transformation.  He wasn’t fat to begin with, but he did build some impressive muscle.  It was the happiest I’d ever seen him.  Even when he was inside he was more active— he didn’t just sit around anymore.  

Cocoa died 3 months after I moved out.  
Nice bro. 
You are a good person.
I love that you carried him out.  I knew people who had a dog who wouldn't want to walk out but would walk home, so they used a baby stroller to get him to the walk point. He sat so nicely in it and it was canopied so you wouldn't know a dog was in there instead of a baby until you got close. Surprise!
Herbert?
He even looks like he's smiling again. At least as much as a feisty chihuahua would. :)

Well done, OP.
>!You are an angel.!< 
r/progresspics
I am jone cake
You're a good guy/gal. 
Buddy looks like the fat dog from Greg
YEEEY THANK TOU MAN ALL DOGS SHOULD HAVE SOMEONE LIKE YOU
Bv iirc CD re v
r/humansbeingbros
Now can someone walk me so I can lose weight too?
Omg so precious 
Good for you OP!
Marry me OP
Buddy= karma
Buddy looks high AF in the second pic 
That was one hell of a walk!
He looks proud too, good job 
Beuy6 jm mrjm6
That’s lovely! Well done 👍 
That is so sweet

He looks resentful 
G O O D F A T B O Y 
Thank you for being such a good person!   It's lovely to see and it makes me feel happy!   ❤️
You’re a badass OP
This SO made my day!!!!
Anyone else notice how resentful he looks after the transformation? lol
You’re a saint.

Thanks for doing this.
That is a look of hatred if I have ever seen one 😂
On the right he looks like "enough walking already jfc"
You are a good man. 
/r/progresspics
You’re an amazing human being. 
God bless you 
I LOVE YOU, BUDDY! ❤️
How long did this transformation take? Did the owner change his diet at all? 
That dog looks so pissed off
Reminds me of my aunt's fat ass jack Russell
r/Redditorsbeingbros
Dude looked like a chinchilla. 
Where... where would he poop before?
Good job
Thank you for your service!💗💗👏👏
he looks so much younger, even with the grey hair

gj
Amazing! 
Lol I don't think he's grateful
