From serious face to wholesome smile.

Dogs.
That is way too adorable!
The boy looks immediately happier 
I love how the kid’s face lights up when the dog comes and poses next to him. 
[deleted]
“Just shut up and smile kid”
Happy National Dog Day!
Is that a border collie? I swear those dogs are smarter than the average voter.
**One-Minute Photo**

*Rating: 🟊🟊🟊🟊*

The latest feature this week, "One-Minute Photo", is an utterly charming tale of a boy and his boye.

This is the sophomore effort from unrealethan, who displays his penchant (and knack) for still shots, allowing the otherwise-dull opening shot of a boy posing for his photo to act as a setup for a surprise, creating a sense of anticipation and near-restlessness in the audience to know what's next, as the boy looks slightly off-center.

[SPOILERS AHEAD]

The setup results in a great payoff, as Perry (played by Bobby Buckaroo in his phone screen debut) bursts into the screen, climbing onto his master to pose for the photo as they both smile widely, a fitting conclusion for National Dog Day.
That went from cool face pose to genuinely happy smile. 
Ultimate Tinder profile pic
This is why Dogs are the absolute best. 
Wow, that dog poses better than I do!
Perfect!!
Doggo has that pose down!
Best friends forever!
"Oh man! My tail was wagging... Take again."
Wow that perfect pose
Cool
Man. I’m jealous. My dog poses like he’s a prisoner of war. 
This is the best thing I've seen all day
sometimes i wonder if dogs actually understand whats going on but just cant talk
The dog is the best part of that photo. 
r/whyweretheyfilming
The dog stole the limelight.
Who cares about the kid THE DOG LOOKS SO HAPPY THE TAIL WAG
Oh my god 
I have seen this before, is this a repost I sense.
Is this a border collie?
Straight up r/eyebleach right here
Last time this was posted someone had a link to a variety of those posed photo shoots. 
[deleted]
Why am I getting a notification for a 100k+ upvoted repost? I've seen this less than a month ago.
That’s a dog who knows how to work it
[deleted]
Wonder if it is his dog? 
I know this is a repost but it's too adorable not to upvote
I like how the smile comes out.
/r/AnimalsBeingDerps 
M in meeting me bc my
I know very few people who move through life with the same sense of purpose as every border collie I’ve ever seen.
In my mind, that isn't even his dog...just a random good boy that loves a photo.
holy crap thats a photogenic dog. coming soon to a nutro commercial?
Gotta love them reposts.
That would be such an awesome photo to have and look back on
That is amazing.
Sweet dog ^_^
r/likeus
Oh yes. Saving the repost until a few months later to when you hope nobody notices it. 
This account is a karma farming account 
The dog knew how to pose! That's amazing! It stayed still and looked at the camera better than any of the people in my family. 
r/likeus
r/whyweretheyfilming
This has to be one of the goodest good boyes ive ever seen
Repoooooooooooost!
Better every repost
That’s one smart pooch 
This is happiness
Awesomest preparation for a photograph ever.
:,)
Dogs are just outstanding.
That's so cute. I love the way the dog just gets ready for photo. 
Hey pal wait, I’m gonna make your picture just *awesome*
r/eyebleach
r/WhyWereTheyFilming if someone was already taking a picture?
If I had a dollar for every tired old repost I saw...
21q2a2 2w5ae
aww, thats way too cute!!
That dog has an awesome smile!
Photogenic af
This is amazing! 
Where is this from?
That's lovely. Sweet. 
Awww that's cute😃
Does he know? :O
W
AAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
Him posing by himself, wow he's not gonna get all the bitches, maybe I can help him out, said the dog.
The dog poses better for the photo than I ever will
Omg so adorable!
A Bruno Mars and his dog!
Well trained dog
The only Zai1
Dogs are magical
This makes me wonder, so does that dog understand what it's doing? Do they understand the concept of a photograph? Or has the owner got it to pose for photos so many times it's just a natural reaction when someone's in front of a phone/camera like that
IM DONE!!! This is the cutest thing ever!!
Sooo cuutteee!!! 😻
Man, this is too cute. I need a dog in my life. 
He\`s is obviously part of the family
The reasons of why I love dogs!!!!
This is maybe the most adorable thing I’ve ever seen on this platform!
Wow very smart dog, I think the only left to do by a dog is talk, lol that will be so scary
The traditional Adidas squat
Damn dogs OG.
man the video looks like one of those 8mm movie cameras from the 60-70's.
Photos not complete without me boi
I love how happy the boy looks after the dog runs in aw 
Can dogs tell if a photo is getting taken?
Has the dog been trained to act like a boy, or has the boy been trained to act like a boy?
So cute 
From :| to :D in 2 seconds
Question tho. Does the dog understand it’s posing for a pic?
Amazing
Aaaaawwwwwwwwww
He knows he's the best pupper ever
r/notdogberg
Cute DOG! :D
"Ok, jus let me set the heckin timer aaand perfect.  her we go"
The tail swaying Adorable
That’s so cute
No hover hand for that boi
Poser
he wants together
Best buds!
Lmao best ever lol
i didn't believe if someone had told me
r/likeus
Shit, it’s good to be alive.
For someone who never had a pet it’s interning to see how dogs seem to have a concept of what photos are and how they work 
I don’t understand how anyone could hate or be abusive to dogs! We don’t deserve them, they are so pure and amazing! 
I love it how he is even facing the camera 
Ya but is the dog only doing it because he was told to do it?
Bitch ain't even taking a picture!
I love to think that after the GIF ended the dog checked the photos on the phone, didn't like how his hair looked and insisted they took more.
So cute
The show is put on for this camera, the phone isn't even taking a picture of them.
OMG!
Yeet
Tried to get a bad ass pic for his hiphop album cover, instead got a nice pic for grandma.
Is that jacob sartorius...
Not without me! Hehe 
I miss being a little kid with my dog
Photogenic++
OMG this is adorable. So insta conscious...
Is that person on the right actually video taping instead of taking a shot?
ok then
What breed of dog is that? a Collie mix?

Best buddies!
Looks like the picture is never taken wtf 
Posey boi 
Aww
Great photo
Me and my best friend. The love of a dog😁
Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
D' Awwww! 😊
Does this gif really have to make the front page 5 times a year?
Serious awwwwwwww
“Wait wait.. wait for me!”
Damn, why am I in my feels now? 
As a dog's and cute guys lover this gif just melt my heart. Too freaking cute. omigwad. 
My collie would totaly do this.  They're interesting doggos
I said "aww" Then read the subreddit.
Welp, i think it did its job
Attention Hound
"Sir, the kid is not smiling."

"Send in....*the dog.*"
This kid and doggo have more swag in this moment than I'll have have as a 30 year old.
LMAOF 😄😍
lmao
This is too damn cute! 💓
Cute
The doggo made that picture a hundred times better and I bet more memorable for all parties involved :)
Jokes aside, it's pretty damn impressive how that dog is able to read and understand more advanced human social cues such as posing for a picture whenever another human pulls out a phone or camera.
So cute
I like it how the photographer is not even clicking the shutter button on the camera
Come on they just trained the dog to run backwards and played it in reverse.
How many times is this going to be posted...
Why is this getting reposted so hard lately. 
Wow
Good boi
I'm not a dog person or into animals but stuff like this is really cool. That dog looks like he's deliberately posing and making it fun.
The kid had a cute smile too.
What a crew
This feels like a scene from My Dog Skip.

So cute. Dogs are such lovely beings. They never cease to amaze. 
Encantador los dos incomparables. Lindo su mascotita. 
I keep watching it on a loop because it makes me happy.
Hwo dafuq does a dog know to pose for the camera?
Pretty sure I've seen this before but it still deserves an upvote.
Gtfouttaherrrrr
😅
Just sat here watching it in loop again since my last notification and all I gotta say is.... Yep. Still adorable.
How do I upvote more than once??? This deserves like 1B upvotes
We don't deserve dogs. They are too great for us.
has anyone noticed that the guy did not take the pciture
I just love how he doesn't have a reaction and lets him in the photo
Video source.
I god dam love dogs
Great repost
I've watched this over and over and don't understand where the dogs right front leg goes 🤔
Repost but yeah, the picture improved markedly.
It was only a matter of time before this was reposted.
He pose
This doggo looks like a karelian bear dog. Extremely rare, at least in US. I only recognize it because my girlfriend's family all immigrated from Russia, and they have one that looks exactly like this one. I'm probably wrong though.
R E P O S T
Wtf is wrong with her arm? 
Pretty sure I'd run after that boy too 🤤
[deleted]
[deleted]
