Who’s taking surveillance of you guys? And are you Omar from The Mars Volta in the first pic?
It warms my heart to see that your stalker has remained so steadfast in his devotion. It was nice of you to swing by on your wedding day to keep him in the loop.
It took both of you six years to walk this short distance?
Differences I’ve found; leaves are different color, no leaves on the grass, black car in the background is now white and there is different person next to the car, girl is now in the white dress, but most importantly - the sick afro is gone.
To me, this is a true testimony to how far we've come in cellphone camera technology. 
Fro real.
Bring the fro back 
Who took that first photo? 🤔
So why did he remove his afro? Did he do it just to hurt us?
6 years and you haven't even made it to that lamppost yet. You're going to be on that campus forever at that rate.
Middlebury College, VT?
That woman has a determined stride in pic A. 
The sun bleached that car 
This picture is absolutely PRICELESS, be sure to repeat in six more years.. Wonderful keepsake!
Bring back the Fro
Looking all spiced up with your Bob Ross fro
#in short OP become less funky 
When you’re older do the same pic but at the next light pole to show progression, that’ll be cool 
I understand that someone’s taking photos on your wedding day, but who is taking grainy photos of you from a distance 6 yrs earlier?
The stalker at least upgraded his camera and learnt Photoshop.  I'm glad to see he isn't failing in life
Y’all really out here bragging about taking six years to install a lamppost
I've been scanning these pics for a dog now for 5 minutes.
Whoa no way. Someone from my personal life finally appeared on Reddit :o

Congrats to you two!
Car in the background appears to have done a Michael Jackson 
Took them 6 years to walk 25 feet,  damn
This is god damn beautiful! Your Afro was magnificent! And congrats!!! 
Who took your first photo? A sniper?
Haha even from that distance I recognized you both immediately. Funny to see a photo of someone you know on the front page. Congrats M&A!  - Gus the cat
Yes definitely Middlebury
Is that Middlebury? 
You cut that killer fro? 
Downvote
Should have kept the epic afro
That afro is epic 
Gee.  Ya ever gonna get close enough to hold her hand.    
Rip sick afro
Heh, when was that first pic taken?  That fro belongs in the 70s.
What creepy weirdo took the first picture? 
Kinda got that Lionel Richie look in the first photo.
This is the kind of love I want just being able to reminisce about your past with your S/O is awesome 
Matched up a little [better](https://imgur.com/a/SrFPqZO).
Is this in Athens Ohio??
Dang, even the car got a new paint job. So much progress in one picture.
That's some big hair
Lots of funny comments here, so let me just say this is a really nice and heart-warming post. Happy for you both, congratulations you sweethearts. 
[deleted]
🌳
The fro, the clothes, and the resolution makes it look like the 80s/90s.
Why is she walking like The Punisher in the first picture? 
Are you sure the shot on the left isn’t a still from the movie Private Parts?  It looks an awful lot like Howard.🤔
It’s so sad to see that in the six years you stopped looking like bob ross
Congrats from a fellow Midd Kid! Did you get married in Mead Chapel? 
I see you took 6 years to walk ahead of that lamppost! 
I dislike /r/aww containing anything but animals. 
I will probably get downvoted to hell, but I don't think this is the appropriate sub. Please post it somewhere else. r/Aww must make me go awwww. This thing made a small smile, caused me to think 'thats cute' but that's it. Most of the content here make 40 year old men to go awwww. I am sorry, if this makes you sad, but please, I don't want r/aww to go the same way r/pics did. 
Loving the ‘fro
I was thinking, when did Bob Ross get married?
Disco before and after
Bro wheres your hair?
This is why I don't let my wife set the walking pace. 6 years to go 10 yarfs
space hair.
His name was Afro Paulson.
Your stalkers skills in photography has gotten so much better!
NSA gives out their photos??
RIP Sick Afro
F to pay respect for the Afro
RIP sick afro
6? sure its not 16
Well not going to lie...I'm jealous.

I wish I could find a significant other, but that'll never happen...
It's interesting to see his arms are positioned in almost the exact way. I wonder if we all have particular postures that we consistently keep the same exact way.
Congratulations on your beautiful new lampost.  
Well. First of all, Congrats. Second, why does a six year old photo look like it's from the 80's? Did he really rock that 'fro in 2012? RIP mate, damn good job getting married for real 
that was a sweet afro, man.... Cause i got high.. lol
I make no claims to skills, but I tried : )

https://imgur.com/a/qWYUNt7
u/solar_7 u/ryzasu finally an r/aww post with humans
Why does he look like he went from a black man to a white man?
Rip Afro 
Looks like Middlebury. You guys get married in Mead Chapel?
the first one is like, right now our love life is dying and messy, and we need each other. then the second its all green, and clean, and hey, new lamp......FOR THE LIGHT OF LOOOOOVEEEE
this sub is exclusively for pets, pls take this else where
How is this r/aww material? This isn't even r/pics material. 
Good pic, but not exactly aww.
Obligatory downvote cus it's humans and you're not even cute.
Is that CU campus in Boulder CO? Looks familiar.
Not racist but i thought you were black in the first photo with the phro, then turned white..
I can't believe she married you after having that ridiculous afro.  Lucky man!
I see your sense of fashion has improved op
Rip sick afro
Press F for that sick afro 😔
Even though I never want to get married, I'm always happy when I see happy couples like this. :) 
Unsubscribed
This isn’t cute content. This sub is going to go the way of r/pics soon. People are posting content that doesn’t fit the spirit of the sub and just posting to karma farm. 
Gratz on the new camera bro
that car up there pulled a Michael Jackson
Omg this is beautiful. Congrats to you lovely souls and your beautiful story. 
sorry to tell you this but the 70s were actually almost 50 years ago... it's like when people say 2006 was a few years ago when it's actually been over a decade!
Beautiful <3
bring back the fro dude
Someone please crop the right photo to match the left...
The cameras have improved a lot, I must say.
Looks like the Indiana University Bloomington campus - am I correct?
The car turned white in those years. Kinda like Michael Jackson
Had to do it to em.
thats beautiful 
Damn, it reminds me of some opening scenes of "UP". Wish you guys be happy forever.
Hey maybe don’t listen to reddit telling you to bring the Afro back unless you really want to. Also this is so adorable congratulations to both of you! 
Nice
Should've. Kept. The. Hair. Lol

6 years and you only made it 20 feet?
I’m here to mourn the afro. 
Was someone spying on you in the first pic? Or did you ask someone to take the very first pic of you two far away and up high?
I read the title and thought I was looking at a movie poster remake.
Where?
Who took the creepy ass blurred photo though?
Just a little effort to match the second photo would have been greatly appreciated 
Should've kept the afro
She first dated bob ross and then dumped him for you? I'd call that a happy accident. 
Finally someone raked the leaves.  They’d bother me so much
He looks a lot better now than when he was 1980s Ross Geller.
The cars paint faded a lot in 6 years. 
In the first pic, is the girl going to war or something? 

Super aggressive walking haha.
Congrats on your haircut!
The possibly amateur first photo is better than the professionally shot second one lol
Hopefully you can keep this up for 60 years!
Beautiful
Please now do this every 6 years, including all the babies 😄
Congrats you two ♡♡♡
Omg I love you two!!❤️❤️
You look like youngbama 
I can't love this enough. I just got married too and have a similar picture, but it's ten years apart. One from high school prom and one from wedding day. 
That afro tho
Wow. Love to see how the time flies, just six year back the photos were dull and now the photos are crispy vivid clear. Hands down to Technology 👌
Fuckin sick fro bro
Plot twist: he's walking her down the aisle 
I’m glad he cut that hair
So the first picture was taken in the 70's and you found a time machine six years later to take a picture today?
Congrats! 7 years later here, getting married later this month. My suit just got delivered today and everything got SUPER real and more exciting. Congratulations, here's to 60 more!
Were you going through a bob Ross phase?
Bob Ross has a happy little relationship. But seriously, congrats to you two!
The only way Fellaini could ever cut his hair. 
They have only made it about 60' in six years. Taking it slow...
Where did your glorious fro go?
She looks like she's about to kick someone's ass in the first photo.
It took you guys six years to move forward a couple feet??
Wow it’s awesome that you’ve made it ~50-100 feet down that path together.

Looks like that car’s gettin kind of sunbleached though.
The car changed colors
How is OP in the exact same pose but couldn't crop the pictures the same?
Should have kept the fro homie. 
Are you... Howard Stern from 1980? 
When I see these types of photos I wish they spent more time shooting the second picture with an identical focal length and from the same position to align images 100% . 

Then I would be like Yess!! This is is amazing! But now I'm like "I wish they spent more time shooting..."
That's a pretty nice lamp they added

The car had a repaint.
r/mildlyinfuriating that you’re not in the same place on the sidewalk and the photo isn’t framed the same as the before one..
You can see how much the technology has improved. In the first picture he is clearly Bob Ross. In the second image you can see he's actually more Ross from Friends.  
You guys are super slow walkers.
It’s the Omar revolution
Who took the first photo?

What the heck, the car changed color?
$10 says her name is Delilah...
The black car turned white from all that time in the sun. 
I love how you are looking at her in both photos. Very sweet
And the camera quality is still bad
Congrats on losing the fro
Moss from the IT Crowd to Obama in 6 six years
Divorced in 2
I'm thinking he should have kept that spectacular fro. He looks good now but I mean that poof is something special.
6 years isn't that significant 
Are we going to talk about that fro?
Should’ve kept the Afro!!!
Did you marry ‘70s Barack Obama?!
Congratulations!
This is so sweet! Congratulations!! 
Congratulations 💝💍🍷
Upvote if you think the Afro should have stuck
From bob Ross to Barack Obama, quite the glow up 
That car sat there so long it turned white
Omg that is gorgeous ❤️❤️
Did his complexion get lighter when the fro was removed🤔
Ah, they make you hold the flowers so you have something to do with your hands.
I'd choose the sick afro over her, tbh
Can we stop with these posts? I mean good for you but neither of you are remotely cute and this isn't even a cute photo. Sorry to be harsh, but posts like this are ruining this sub. 


You trade Darryl in...
Dang... that hair helmet. 
Fantastic. Where is this? College campus?
She made you ditch the afro?!!?
Rip Afro 
I love that he has the same hands in pockets stance
Nice fro, gone too soon
Shoulda kept the fro
Congratulations!
He looks like a young Barack Obama from a distance in the second picture. 
Congratulations OP!
Reminds me of Schmosby!
plot twist, he is the best man
Both look very different 6 years later
The afro was glorious!
Looks like an East Coast boarding school or college. 
Ahhh the good 'ol Bob Ross phase 
You guys are really slow walkers
Very sweet. Best wishes to you.
Congratulations, Adrien Brody!
How does that first photo actually happen? Somebody randomly took the picture from a distance, sniper style and then offers to give it to you?

Looks like a picture the cops post trying to figure out who the guy is that murdered that poor girl 
[From one afro to another... Nice](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zYt0WbDjJ4E)
🤔
They're the same picture.
Which university campus is this?
Without looking at the URL, guess what subreddit you're in right now.


First one was taken in the 70s
I know who you are dude! went to Midd during the same time. Would recognize that fro anywhere
Google Street View finally updated.
You guys clean up nice..
No afro 0/10, would not marry
The dude went from the late 70’s to 2018 in six years.
Lol who the fuck was taking photos 
That’s like the photo of mike pence before  and after being radicalized by Christian extremism 
Who took the picture when they were younger? Like did they just decide “ let’s get some guy to get a picture of us as we casually walk down this path together. Oh and he needs to be able to fly so he can get a good angle in the air”. Was it a random stalker that took the pic? I’m just confused 
Who took the first photo? Some kind of stalker?
So glad you got a hair cut lol
Looks like you're living your own personal Groundhog Day. Say hi to Ned.
It will be complete only when you will have your twins with you!
*Oh tall, thin man, you're perfect for moi.*
You need to complete this sequence with another one after few years with a little one in the tow.
I came here for the afro and so did you.
The haircut was an improvement...
Is that UWRF?
who the hell was taking the 1st picture? 
I can notice than you own a better camera :)
On the thumbnail on the second pic i only saw one person (small screen) and got a little worried someone died
You shrunk!
Is this at UNC?
This looks like my high school!
Glad to see they finally cleaned that car
You guys turned green and are no longer yellow!
Eh. 
WHO TOOK THE FIRST PHOTO ALREADY 
That fucking afro though. RIP
Congrats!
First picture of you together? Was someone stalking you guys?
Is this at the Oval within The Ohio State University? 
Your wife (or you) looks like she's speed walking to go kick someones ass
She looks thinner in second pic.  Now she's snared a man that will change pretty sharpish.
Looks like a shot from Private Parts
Still no intimacy. 
First is way better.
Phil? Phil Lynott??
 www.aksblogger.com
You turned Car white in 6 years 
I miss your jewfro! 
It’s kinda cool how the photo quality changed in the next picture.
Which one's which?
Really sick fro
I'm pretty sure the 90' were more than 6 years ago
That’s dooooooooooope, brooooo!
Congratulations :) 
I thought I recognized you for a second. Was like, "I know that dude..."
You got a better camera, gratz!
okay i know this is really weird but i SWEAR I JUST SAW YOU!!! what state is this in???
Can I get an F in chat for the Afro?
This looks identical to a place where I live in Iowa, a college campus to be specific- 

Where might this be?
Nice afro.
This is so beautiful....
He never stopped looking at her, such a sweet joint photo.
^tiny^steps
The grass is greener on the otherside.
Girl got T H I C C, and The guy went with Michael Jackson metamorph. Both looks happier tho. 
Checkmate global warming deniers, just look how much warmer it clearly is in the second picture. /s
Rip sick afro
They clean up not too bad
Congrats 
Dude, need to rock that fro back 
That's romantic AF!
Better camera
thats silly, why is she holding flowers?
Beautiful
This looks like Oakland 
So who took the picture? a drone?
Gotta ask... is that Ohio University?
You know he had to do it to er
She looked better then and he looks better now.
Talk about a glow up. Even the grass looks better. 
What hasn't changed: some weirdo taking pictures of everyone that walks down that path. 
Y’all should frame these sided by side! They’ll make a great family heirloom for your children and children’s children!  Btw:Congratulations ❤️
If you look really, and I mean really closely, you'll notice both photos are in the same place.
RIP sick afro
Is this OBERLIN?
 RIP sick afro. 
Grow out the afro! Or tell your husband to grow out afro!
wow
Go Hokies!

Maybe?
Was this taken at Wheaton College?
Why’d you get of that Afro 
Looks like a before and after of when I first got my glasses.
RIP sick afro
Why’d you cut your hair?
I don't even know the dude here, but I miss his afro. Just the very lack of its existence is a shame
AAAH ♥️
thats gd

Boy that Afro fresh as fuck
Who took the first picture and why?
It looks like theres a grumpy man in a hat in the first pic 
He went from Afro man to Obama real quick.
Kudos to the guy for being in the same position. Hands in pockets, left foot leading and about to take a step.
The wife? Not the same dedication. 
Don't think this is the aww you're looking for. This pic isn't aww cute, it's aww he got rid of the afro, that sucks.
Where is this at?
That's an incredible afro.
That afro was cultural appropriation anyway 


/s
t^e^^s^^^t
In the first photo there is a grumpy old man in a hat hiding in the tree... [right....here ](https://i.imgur.com/oJvdrST.jpg)
That’s cool
You can see how the quality of photos taken by cameras have improved over time
True love
This doesn’t make me go “aww” at all. 
Got rid of the Barry Obama afro for the presidential cut I see
I could've sworn that first pic is a shot from the film Private Parts starring Howard Stern when he's dating his first wife but I guess not.
I love how they're both themselves in the first pic. Him with the afro and her with the stride and the extra long sleeved jacket.
Look at that glorious jew-fro
Should have kept the Afro you looked amazing.
The dude  looks like Howard Stern in the early years, in his movie.  With the big, fake white-man's afro.  Looks JUST like him !

WOW, you have cleaned up well, mister !
Aww, please tell me you're married!
We want the afro back!
Sick Afro.
Damn woman, she made you lose your afro powers. 
Jewfro game: STRONG
You lost a lot of hair in six years. 
6 years of pocket pool
Sweet. But one can tell both of you have poor gait.
Oh man this made me smile. Too sweet!
Oooof
RIP that fro it was lovely
This is a little weird. But congrats. 
OP, congratulations!
the one on the left is Howard stern and allison from Private Parts isnt it?
Is this Ohio state university??
Maybe it’s cause I’m blond but y’all look like Sims 
What a glow up honestly
Bring back the fro
That light pole still better be there. Or else. 
You cut your hair?
I have so many questions
Who the fuck took the first pic. Lying ass
Did he get a hair cut?
Hey, they planted some trees. 
Wow he had such a lush afro.

I wish you guys happiness, you both look great in the wedding picture. 
Bro sick afro, grow that back.
Damn, phone cameras came a long way in those 6 years.  Awesome post!
Such a sweet memory. 
Bring back the fro!
Fast forward six more years, you know what happens?

Turns out ....... Idk , can someone help with the assist please 
Berea!
Crazy that the vw turned into  a camry. Support  non binary cars
Still not touching
Hold up...
Amazing!
When you got married, did you think you were still on that acid trip?
Why’d you lose the fro?
Aw man 👨 you cut ✂ your hair 💇 
Nooooo, the fro is no more
Is this at the University of Washington?

D.6
I ikk(
A LOT HAS CHANGED
Guess it's just a change of clothes
Can we get a close up of that glorious Afro please?
You guys got smaller
Hey that looks like Howard Stern 
Bring the fro back
Fro real this is a beautiful photo. Glad to see that you two manage to make it after 6 years, with that length of time spent before tying the knot it could have went either way. Congratulations!
Dude your hair was fuckin awesome bring that shit back
You only took two photos between the first picture and the one where you got married?
Guess your relationship really.......Bloomed.
Where is this? I'm guessing some college in the northeast?
It is my cake day
Nice fro, dude! 

Also, congratulations!
You are really slow walkers damn
He's in the same pose o. o
How long was that walk??
You haven’t taken a picture together in 6 years?
That pole got erect.
This is sweet and all, but if I zoom in you look to both be about 14.
I wish I was married to him
This is heart warming. To think that guy loves his car so much he still owns it 6 years later, and has even had a respray to keep it on trend
I like how that car just turned white
Awww I'm jealous of you dorks❤
Wow, the car's color changed!
Did they pull the first picture from security camera footage?
His walking stance and his fro make him look like Spike from Cowboy Bebop!
A moment of silence for that beautiful fro
Aww man that's so wholesome. I really want me and my boyfriend to be like that after I get out of military
Hey, cool they added a light post.  
The question is.. how did the 1st picture happen?

(Excuse me if you already answered)
Other than the vehicle in the first photo, I would have wagered the first image was sometime in the 70's.
there was a lot more yellow in the 70s.
Hey that’s Middlebury college! I went there!
I’m jealous. 
That fuckin 'fro tho
Oh my God you had a freaking Afro
Midd kids? 
He needs to bring back that sweet ‘fro.
 L
Wow, it took 6 years to grow that fro?!
Both of you reigned in your wild hair styles.
Dat Fro-do. 
> "Get a haircut ya damn hippies!"

Oh.  You did.  Well, uh, carry on, then.
How'd you manage to walk backwards in over 6 years?
Nice hair bro. 
You had a nice afro back in the day.
Vow
Dude you looked like a tall John Oates back in the day 
What happened to the fro ?
What's up big perm, I meant big worm.
That path belongs on r/PowerWashingPorn 
Where’d the afro go?!
You got smaller
Should have kept the fro 
Someone lost their edge.
evolution of camera technology
Yo where the afro go ?
Is this penn state’s campus?
This reminds me of Michigan.
Street lamp was invited to wedding. 
We get it. You got a hair cut. It looks very nice.
I know this is a random comment but something about this picture reminds me of my deep fear and hatred and weird relationship with time itself. 
Beautiful! 
Michigan State?
Grass looks alot nicer too
Are you man and woman ? I can only see clothing at this distance . Not that it matters but it would be of interest to note. 

Amazing how the time goes by ,
How images in a camera lens give us hope !
And how life affirming two people growing together can be . 

Best wishes. Be sure to take one when the 3 children are in grade school - that is IF you plant to have some. I think you can rent to buy these days. 
Sweet.
Nice Helmet.
Is [this](http://imgur.com/gallery/3KohLMV) you, OP?
Noticeable haircut improvement
Michael?
"🎶I'm Nabeshin and my afro suits me...🎶" 
Is this UMD campus?
Have we solved the mystery about who took these pictures? 
The first photo of me with my hiatus partner was us photobombing a pub photo. If we end up married, that would be an interesting photo to recreate. 
Even that Toyota at the background got updated
Your hair was so big it could fit your entire head. 

And congrats on the wedding! 
now kithth
That 80s 'fro is amazing, a shame you got rid of it
Where is this?
A fro? Seriously?
That's a really nice streetlight! Cute picture! 
Guess they didn't expect the rain..
Where was this taken? It looks a little like Middlebury college in Vermont. 
Frickity-frackin adorable
Is this in Athens Ohio??
u sure it the same guy?
Looks like Howard Stern with that fro.
Someone painted the car white
We're you walking backwards?
Are you actually Chase and Zoey from Zoey101? 
Bring back the fro for the next one
I'm not crying..
Looks like a hitler stache on dude in pic 1
Who took the photo on the left? Such a weird angle !? Like creep level 
r/BeforeNAfterAdoption 
boy you lookin suave as fuck
Have you finally called his parents "mom and dad"?
You know i had to do it to em.
Dat fro
Did you parked the white car for the photo or it happened to be there?
This is cute as hell
I love this it's so God damn cute
Low-key looking like the [hippie Clintons](https://i.imgur.com/f61kHpH.jpg) in your first pic
That is one of the sweetest things ever. Congratulations. 
Somebody's got a stalker..
Thank god for the hairdresser
Sucks couldnt get the distance right on the 2nd one.
The car has changed color, very interesting
Ahhhhh the way relationships should be!
First picture looks a cctv picture of a couple that just robbed a bank and are wanted.
I hope you'il be happy.

&#x200B;
on the left you look like a young mj
Congratulations!
You made the right choice of hairstyle.
Took 6 years to walk 30 meters?
I like it. Thanks for posting that.
Funny.. someone took a photo of my gf and I that looked just like that 4 years ago..
(without higher learning) (with higher learning)
Is that Middlebury College?
Dude went from [this](https://s2.narvii.com/image/toaxurtuh7tvs4f4xeaoufrx5hobxd2i_hq.jpg) to [this](http://pm1.narvii.com/6733/65a620fc91761789720298eaafc489966e2b7afev2_00.jpg).

In all serious though, congrats!
Awwwww
Was your first photo from a surveillance camera?
It's cute to see he still looks at you the same 
WHEN I FIND MYSELF IN TIMES OF TROUBLE 
The car in the background got a new paint job 
Your hair lost weight.  Congrats
nothin changed xd
Where'd the fro go?
He lost the afro 
I don't think white-guy afros were in style six years ago
Is this at chowan U? 
u/kaybaymariee 
Op looks like she is an actuary or something lol
Where the fro go
r/powerwashingporn
Creepy how you got the first. 
You guys walk REALLY slowly.
The jewfro is strong with this one.

Now, The jewfro is gone with this one.
Why does it look like the distance is way farther 6 years later? It looks like 6 years ago I could throw a football to that black car form where you are standing...Today, I dont even know if Aaron Rodgers could hit that white car on his best day...
you should of kept the Afro
Dang, I wish I could hold a relationship for that long
Vote for Pedro 
Oke thats cute.
Where did the fro go bro 
Them some Benjamin button trees 
Congratulations
why no more fro, bro?
Is that chase from zoey 101? Lmao I’m kidding but congrats you two!! 
You shrunk!
Can we also appreciate how much cameras have improved 👀
What happened to their hair?
Is this the UVM green?
Why go through all the trouble to recreate the picture and noteven do it right?!
Thank goodness for haircuts!
My fucking heart just can’t even....❤️
Epic fro back in the day bro.
RIP sick afro
Security camera? 
You clean up well!
Nice fro butthead 
That 'Fro was SWEET bro!

What happened to your amazing haircut?
They added another lamp!
His right leg is in like the exact same position. Hers not so much. C'mon lady, get with the picture!

But awesome picture.
Someone’s planning a run for president 
You even nailed the right foot raised part 😂
Losing hair, aging sucks
U walk kinda slow..
Lost a few inches on top there buddy. 
Wow. Great improvement! The camera, the improvement of the camera...
I had to check and make sure we weren't in /r/blunderyears  This picture should give confidence to people who post in there that there's hope.
Where is your hair?
This is awesome, I think this is beautiful. 
Really let yourselves go
Man that Afro looks amazing.
in those 6 years the car in the background went from black to white. Truly natures miracle. 
Jufro!
Was this taken at the Indiana University campus in Bloomington? I feel like I know those light poles...
Dude please bring back the afro
A lot of nonsense comments...I may be drunk but that is a beautiful picture.  Nicely done!
Is this miami university?
the fro needs to come back.
What happened to your bangin' afro
Look at that global warming tho
Nice
Please credit my photos.
I was going to say 40 years later. Then I saw that fly AF Honda over yonder.
This is somewhere in Vermont, I'm sure of it.
Downvote for getting rid of that hair
so precious! and i’m very happy for the both of you! :) 
Was this at MSU?
Wonderful.
Photo not taken at the same place, down vote
My favorite part is you got a haircut
I dont think any stranger care about. GZ to your wedding 

&#x200B;
This is immensely cute
Goals 
Wow, they clean up nicely.


Just look at the scenery.
Got a notification for this picture. Thought it was a cute doggo pic. Now i am sadly dissapointed.
I'm glad tk see some people take time to get to know one another before making big decisions like this.
Oh my god. The feet are in the same position.
