I'm impressed Disney Staff can keep their energy at a 10 that much
There is a dad who hand makes [these types of dresses](https://i.imgur.com/qTsZd7p.gifv) for his daughter and others. 

(Would link but rules)
I was impressed and I'm not a disney princess...
MAKE IT BLUE!
That smile on the little girl's face is so precious! She's so happy and proud :)
[They use this same type of dress for Cinderella's dress transformation on Broadway.](https://youtu.be/w-lEAHwCaS4?t=121) I think they also may have incorporated this into Frozen on Broadway.
OMG.  My 7 yo daughter would *love* this!
Can confirm. This is impressive.

Source: am disney princess
My wife actually made this dress, she’ll be responding to for a bit. I’m not sure who the op is or where they got our video 
I remember her from the princess meet and greet we had (from the side at least I swear it’s the same staffer). She loved my one year old, completely went nuts when he hugged her and then turned and posed for a photo all by himself. Best pic we have from the trip. https://imgur.com/gallery/1At3OHk
Some queens on RuPaul’s Drag Race need to take pointers from this girl on a killer reveal 👌🏻 
Ok, that's adorable. 
[How to beat Gaston in an arm wrestling contest.](http://i.imgur.com/7KPAmbL.gif)
I know Disney is hard core with the people who play the characters at the parks but do they only hire people with really long hair to play rapunzel or do they use hair clips?
The student has become the master. 
Yea but does it have pockets?
[deleted]
Coincidentally also how to impress a 20 year old male college student
This is so incredibly wholesome. I can only imagine that little girl’s excitement.  She would have practiced and practiced before the trip.  She would have gotten up early to get dressed that the morning, all ready to put on a big show.  And the actress’ reaction is, I’m sure, exactly what she hoped for.
last time i threw my clothing off in front of a disney princess, she was NOT impressed.

^apparently ^having ^the ^second ^outfit ^on ^underneath ^is ^important
Gotta give credit to the Disney Princess who stayed perfectly in character for the whole thing.
Quick change artist in the making
I am a great magician. YOUR CLOTHES ARE RED! 
I love the this
My daughter would lose her shit for that dress. Where??
Look at me, I'm the Disney princess now. 
She's beyond impressed, she's scared. She realizes that this little girl is going to take her job and leave her homeless!
I know this young lady! Her mother is the talented seamstress that made the dress.
Little girl just put professional Disneyland dressmaker and actress to shame.
Screw the disney princess, I’m a bloke in my 30s and I’m impressed! 

Ps where do you get one of those, asking for a friend! 
The last time I went to Disney, my 6-year old son would bow to each princess as we met them. It was so cute. He loved all of them.

Edit: Sorry, 5-year old son. I forgot it happened last year before his birthday.
Oh man my little girl would absolutely love this. Can anyone pm or link to where you can get one of these? 
...just in case you got to thinking this sub was just for pets..  
In fairness, [Disney Princesses are easily impressed.](https://imgur.com/WizONrr) 
Dang idk who wouldn't be impressed. That was pretty dope lol
7/10 no fire like the hunger games. 
That's some Katniss Everdeen shit right there. 
Imprincessive.

You can see the exact moment when she goes from “I’ve to act as it impresses me”  to genuinely excitement. So cute!

PS: Who did that dress deserves the best parent & best customer world prize!
CREDIT FOR THIS DRESS GOES TO @beautifulthingsinacrappyshed ON INSTAGRAM!!!

PLEASE BUMP THIS POST SO EVERYONE SEES IT!!!
I don't get it, the kid is wearing 2 dresses and people support her, i once wore just 1 for my mom's birthday party and she criticized me saying i was a terrible son...
This is too pure! Too sweet! Like injecting candy into your veins!
How about giving her health insurance and a respectful minimum wage?
Every time I attempt this kind of thing I get arrested for indecent exposure.
r/bettereveryloop
I really need this in my life. 
/r/mademesmile
That’s too adorable
Disney staff is the best. 
The best part is the character actually would have that reaction.
This is sooo cute! 
I'm friends with this Rapunzel, and this actually isn't at Disney world or land! It's at a ball where children can attend and meet their favorite princesses :)!
If I ever have kids they're always going to be wearing clothes that transform into crazy fancy outfits.

Otherwise what's the point of parenting?
I live in Orlando. I've always wanted to date a Disney princess. It's achievable, I believe. 
r/2healthbars
What episode of Drag Race is this? 
We are all blessed on this moment.
That girl just got the job in 10 years. She'll just e-mail this gif in for the interview.
Do they make that for adults cus I want one!! 
I love Disney Staff. They make you feel so proud!

&#x200B;
They don't pay these folks enough for the joy they bring to young children. Or fear. Fear is good too. Just pay them more please.
She looks genuinely delighted that this happened 
Ok but I really do want a sleeping beauty transition dress like that. ADULT SIZES PLZ
I don't even care much for Disney princesses but this was cute.  She pulled a Cinderella with an aurora (sleeping Beauty dress).  Even I with my cold heart am impressed. 😍
When I tried this in front of a Disney Princess, I was arrested. 😤
Haha that is definitely a deal!! 
Violet Chachki WHO 
That face she makes is amazing. 
She’s a witch!
I am also impressed.
Cute trick. 
Very, very cute!
I would really like to do this, just for a day. Would be awesome making all those kids smile. Well, in theory.
TIL the Wonder Woman 'spin to change costumes' trick has some merit 
Amazing RuVeal
Ordinary girl to princess in 10 seconds.Impressive.
/bettereveryloop
From pauper to proper!
I tried that once but I got banned from Disney.
I love how her shoes are slightly too big for her. 
This is the purest thing I've seen in awhile 
I want to see the whole video of this.
HEY! I know the Princess, she actually isn't with Disney but does perfomances for all sorts!! Follow her at @notjustmakebelieve on instagram!!
It costs $110 for a three-year-old to be admitted to Disneyland.  

I want a dress like that too
Super cute. I need one for my daughter. 
Today I learnd I'm a Disney Princess. 
Reminds me of a Rupaul’s Drag Race reveal. 
You know she practiced that countless times so that she can do it flawlessly. 
The little girl's expression at the end gets me in the feels. She's so proud and happy!
That's some cinderella magic right there 
Adorable and cool. 
Disney princesses are awesome. It doesn't take much to make a little girl's day, and these ladies do it all day, every day.
[How to impress Carson Kressley too](https://youtu.be/PMOCRVswpY0)
I'd like to impress that Disney princess...
jokes on you guys you could take a steamy shit in front of one of them and they would act suprised
 This is probably the wrong place to share this but I worked at Disney World in my teens and there was nothing hotter backstage than watching a Snow White and a Cinderella both in their petticoats with their wigs and make up on smoking cigarettes and lounging out back. So goddamn hot.
That moment when all of your preparation and practice comes together and you fucking nail it
Just look at her expression when she notices Rapunzel's reaction! She blew away a Disney princess. I can't imagine how amazing that must have felt for her, it just melts my cold heart.
I'm not a Disney princess, but I can duly confirm that my mind is incredibly blown.
Woah dude
Pink ranger go
Witch! 
From rags to bitchin'
So this is how magicians do those quick clothes changes. TIL
Ohh bless her 😊
Amazing
BeAutiful
Rapunzel is by far the most lively and adorable Disney princess.
/r/awwkids
I wanna get this for my toddler!!! Dang my sewing skills need improvement. 
I've seen these dresses before!
And then she takes that off to reveal her Captain Marvel costume underneath.
I need to buy some of that for my niece, does anyone know something about it?
I'm living for this
I wish I could’ve turned into a power ranger like this when I was a kid. 
Now I want to go to Disneyland 
Face characters aren't paid enough IMO. They're the real MVPs.
How to impress...[EVERYONE!!!](https://m.imgur.com/r/RedditEssentials/fTTBLia) 
r/gifsthatendtoosoon
She's no longer the head princess in charge 
Little girl drops mic, walks off.  
Certainly. Clap , clap, clap ! 
I would like one in my size please
10/10 would get myself one of these and then afterwards maybe a couple for my nieces. 
Omg I want this dress
Link to the video?
Yo that’s fuckin sick as fuck! 
"I have magic hair but what is this witchcraft"
Where can I buy one of these? I have young nieces and this would make me uncle of the year
/r/Disneyland would love this
this is soo cute! nice idea for halloween!
Totally awesome!
I think I saw somewhere online that the guy who originally started creating these dresses were made for his daughter. They became really popular and boom a business is created.
Girl is gonna be a FIERCE drag queen! 💅
Omg her shoes are too big for her feet! That made it twice as adorable. :)
SERVE IT HUNNY
Damn more like how to impress the world. 


She is more impressive than I could ever imagine to be 
Okay where do I find one of these?  My daughter would shit if I bought this for her.
[deleted]
Can I buy one?
I hope they play this on repeat at her wedding reception someday. 
Dexterous synchronisation
Watches rupaul drag race once 
A true rags to riches
Flexed on her 
I’ll axe zthem wz
Why is this in slow motion?
This is so pure. I love it
This is the cutest badassery
Where can I buy this for my girls?
And that, my friends, is how Cinderella made it to the ball on time
I would read the shit out of an AMA from a Disney Princess actor.

Edit: Changed "DP" to Disney Princess, for obvious reasons.
Awe
Violet Chachki would be proud! https://i.gifer.com/4j3F.gif
/u/disnerd294 Oh my this is your dream!
Aww cool dress. 
So that’s how magicians do it
This is adorable.
[Here's a version that is longer and has sound](https://v.redd.it/6zx940nj1ul11)
those shoes are too big.
I’m only commenting so there’s 666 comments 
Smooth moves!
But regardless that's fucking impressive 
Werk with that reveal! 
Fuck, I'm impressed
Spinning in those enormous shoes is what's really impressive
How to impress many people!
This is so pure it made me cry 
That’s cute

That's so adorable 
Shit.. I'm impressed honestly.
This would be an amazing practical effect if done in a live action disney movie.
That's just freaking adorable/impressive!
Oh y’all wanted a twist?
111111111111111111
But is this an original design? 🤔
Dang, *I'm* impressed.
Princess Powers Activate!
Was definitely expecting that clip of Gaston going hard at Disneyland
Still can't figure it out lol
So I'm not your typical guy, I may look like a real manly man...but...I'm not in the sense of hobbies, well not completely. As a farmer I have a lot of down time and thanks to home ect in highschool (I thought it was the cooking and I'd get a snack mid morning) I found out I actually enjoy sewing and knitting. Most of the random things I sew is nerd gear or patching holes in pants. But my favorite is to make costumes for my pups for my favorite holiday, Halloween. I'm still pissed I lost his little tux when I moved to my new house.

This is now on my list for my future daughter(s), or hell, my niece even.
Most of the actresses they use at disney world are fucking amazing at their jobs. My 3 year old niece met a ton of them but "Elsa" was her favorite recently. She was so enthusiastic about meeting her, which to me is a good god damn piece of acting because she was probably about the 300th kid she'd met that day. 
This is the most adorable thing I think I have ever seen!!! 
Katniss? 
so how come thats fine but if i do it in a towel its called "a public indecency"
You betta work! 
I’m not even a child and I need one of these transformation dresses. I need my glo up 😭.
Hell I'm a dude and impressed. 
Her mouth was waaaaay wide open
I wonder how many hours that little girl practiced that reveal. It's like she did it in one motion, very impressive.
How to impress a regular ass person
‘From pleb to princess in no time flat’
So that's how all those people do it on "America's Got Talent."
She went from fake impressed to real impressed
As a male, I feel that this would not help me when hitting on Disney princesses.... 
How cute! 
I want clothes like that. Imagine how easy it would be! Get up, spin go from pyjamas to work gear
And the purpose of the internet reveals itself
A perfect turn in those oversized shoes!
r/rupaulsdragrace
The best part of this is the little girl looking at said princes for approval.
Lmao the princesses jaw is gonna break from that
So adorable!!!!😆
Omg this is absolutely adorable! 
Impressed she didn't step out of those shoes.
I love the this
Katniss is that you??
I've seen this actor at Disney.   She is stellar at her job.  Made my little ones day just from her.
https://media.giphy.com/media/MkPHiYzZk2Lgk/giphy.gif
The way that little girls face looks when she sees the reaction...so sweet
GET HER ON DRAG RACE NOW
Hey!!! I know her!  She’s my best friends sisters kid! Her mom made that dress and her grandma does pretty cool stuff as well! 

if you guys see this.. Jazz (the kitty) is doing well  and says hello :) 
I see what you did there 😉
How
r/gifsthatendtoosoon
This is the only time I’ve enjoyed anything you could compare to toddlers and tiaras. I’m sure that cutie enjoyed her time just as much as the princess ^_^
Guys can anyone link me to a post (probably on this sub) that had clips of a really cute baby with a rather round face playing with a dog in a bed under the covers? Had the baby playing with the dogs ears and smiling as one of the clips.

I immediately thought of hunger games and Katnisses dresses
I'm impressed!! That's like a superpower or something!
Disney just died her for patent infringement.

Paging r/legaladvice 
You know they love a reveal!
Is that her real hair? That ponytail is so girthy.
I don't know, I don't think the little girl looked that impressed to me...
She is... *the girl on fire!*
You're clothes are red!

Mmmmhmmm... now they're black again.
The ultimate 2 in 1 Ruveal
I'm assuming this happened at Disneyland. Anyone recognize where in Disneyland? I can't seem to place it.
I'm like the polar opposite of a Disney Princess but I was impressed by that as well.
The look on the girl’s face at the end... I can’t... my heart... please..
Witch!
Mini James Bond
A princess?? She blew my freaking mind. 

Does it come in my size? 
So cute 
Precious! 
This is so beautiful :'(
r/2healthbars
r/bettereveryloop
Hah. I did. 
"But can you do this?!"
The Disney princess was pretending to be impressed even before magic happened; and then afterwards she went up a whole new level :D
The little girl I once was is enthralled and practically screaming with joy that this exists... her forest/peasant outfit AND the P I N K  D R E S S  ALL IN ONE !!<3!<3!<3!
I'm not even a princess and I'm impressed! 
Shoe her de love she be wantin brush yo fake gold teath. And den spank hur
Heck that impresses me and I'm just a ponchy guy in my thirties. 
I’m not crafty. Do they make these fancy dresses in adult sizes? :) 
Is there a reason these things run at half speed for part of it like a Zack Snyder movie?
I love her Daisy Duck shoes.
The little girls face is like “errr you wanna take notes”
Jesus, I’m also impressed! That’s amazing!
Best quick-change I have ever seen.
I love how Rapunzel was genuinely in awe... and lowkey me too that was tight
This is pure magic!
This Violet Chachkis moove , damn.
Bitch SHE HAD A REVEAL UNDER HER REVEAL!
My dear on the runway challenge your reveal was a...... crowning moment..... condragulations you’re the winner of this weeks challenge 
Is the Disney princess' hair real? 

Follow-Up Question: 

How much do they make?
OP why did you steal this?
Cute
Good post 💛💛💛
Very cool. Now let's hope the girl stays away from the Pedos I'm Disneyland.
I had to watch it several times to even comprehend what had just happened. Like for real.
 I'm impressed Disney Staff can keep their energy at a 10 that much 
Now I know how those quick change magic tricks work. Who would of thought, I learned about it from a little girl.
She looked like scp 096 with his mouth open
I wonder if the princess's hair is really that long...
They're not all smiles all the time. In 2008 princesses in full costume blocked traffic outside the park during a bitter labor dispute with management.
6 out of 10... *at best*.

Try harder, kid. 
When I do that I'm usually removed from the premise. 
I'm impressed. Does that make me a Disney princess?
I tried this with my towel right after my shower, my girl was impressed. 
I would like to get one of these for my daughter! Anywhere online something like this is available for purchase?

Little girl practiced the hell outta that move!
The look on that little girl's face as she see's the Princess' reaction to that REALLY COOL DRESS is worth the price of a trip to Disney. Whoever made that for her is a super hero.
Porps on the kid and on the staff. Just dayum!

&#x200B;
Needs to work on technique. Youth is no excuse!
They’re paid to react like that. 

Source: Have 2 daughters and annual passes to Disney. 
*yawn*
Leaked footage of the drag race season 11 Lip sync for the crown
I would LOVE to wear that dress (:
this is so fucking precious 
When parents have way to much time.
Are the parents of this kid drag queens? 
[deleted]
Kind of reminds me of this old stunt: https://youtu.be/4kiYrw0Y_d4
We are trying to have another child,  going for a girl.  Can we buy these? Tips of urban legend and wives tales welcome on ensuring it's a girl
Hng
Edit: How to impress and aspiring actor working at Disney(-land/-world)
R/rupaulsdragrace would also love the reveal 
How to Be* a Disney Princess.
[deleted]
Would have been more impressed if she turned into the same princess that she unveiled for. Lol
[deleted]
Yes this is the closest you will ever get to seeing Rapunzel's O face.
Disney princesses, paid to be impressed.
This is amazing

Edit: why downvotes? I think people are confused about something 
Cute
This is from that family that goes to Disney every week, fucking crazy.
These dresses are everywhere now aren’t they?
I would totally to get this for my daughter if I had one. 
Awwww super cute...Lool
Mind blown, totally
Chick looks like she’s having an exorcism or some shit
Future stripper!

Or have a 7-inch dong
Friendly reminder Disney once kicked 2 people out of their park for doing this.
That's gotta be the worst job in the world. Once you start getting old, you'll have to be replaced. Noticed I said job, not career.
Future drag queen...calling it.
Strip tease kids version 
