Dogs have a sense of justice. I used to have three dogs. The oldest needed a daily pill so every night around 9pm I would cut up a hot dog in chunks and cut a slit in one to put the pill into. Of course the other two dogs *also* had to have a hot dog chunk. I eventually lost the older dog when he was 14-1/2, but I kept giving the other two dogs pieces of hot dogs every night at 9pm because they expected it.    

So then I got a puppy near the end of January, and I was giving all three dogs pieces of hot dog around 9pm. But in early February one of my older dogs passed away, and then at the end of July I lost the other one. It's been a very difficult couple years. But every night my puppy gets some pieces of hot dog around 9pm and I think about my old boys.  

**EDIT**     
Wow, I *never* expected my little story to blow up like this. Thanks everyone! For anyone who may be interested, here are some photos of my late boys:     

[Joshua, my first dog, on his 14th birthday](https://i.imgur.com/9f1fhGg.jpg). He died about 6 months later, Nov 29, 2016. This is the dog who actually *needed* to take a pill!       

[This is Buddy and new puppy Jericho](https://i.imgur.com/DgeBj6T.jpg), at the end of January. Buddy passed away from kidney failure three days after this photo. Poor Jericho only got to know him for a few days but adored him, and for several days after Buddy passed Jericho would sleep in the spot where Buddy always slept.     

[Harlan with puppy Jericho](https://i.imgur.com/om5uDhM.jpg). We lost Harlan 6 months later at the end of July due to bone cancer in the leg. Jericho was very fond of Harlan, too.     

Poor Jericho loved both his big brothers and now he's an only child. And a big one, I don't have a current picture but he turned 9 months old a couple weeks ago and weighed in at 94 lbs!
[deleted]
The first dog can smell that the other one didn't get the ear stuff. It knows the other dog got bamboozled
Where the fuck do you find dogs that are willing to take ear medicine like that? I had to chase my cocker spaniel all over the house to catch him for his ear meds, and it took two of us to hold him in place to administer it.
Just as adorable is OP's "squirt, squirt, squirt" when applying the second medicine. 
All three of my dogs come for medication time. Only one gets meds but they all get cheese
Its important to them to be treated equally. Its in the doggy bill of rights.
Labs are such teddy bears. So sweet and happy 
Parenting Done Right 😍
The way that man's face instantly goes from super serious man handling medicine to mischievous 5y/o is amazing!
I bet that guy is a great dad
awwww. i never comment on pet things. but awwww.
Oh wow!  I almost have to sit on my dog to put his ear medication in. I’ve tried everything and it’s still a huge battle. 
That's the cutest thing ever, and I can't share it through text thanks to Reddit's player. :\
my name is dog

but cannot hear

once everyday

put drop in ear  


my doggy fren

does not need med

but still want drop

to rub his head
My old buddy had lots of problems with his floppy ears and had to have ear medicine sometimes. He hated it. But he knew it helped. So whenever we see him scratching his ear too much we'll get up and grab the bottle. He'll run off and keep the dining table between him and me. 

After a few minutes he'll come up to me and sit. Once I squirt the medicine in and do some massage he'll run off and do some zoomies, roll around on his bed and make these adorable frustrated noises. Finally he'd come back and demand treats for being a good boy.

But he would feel much better the next day
So adorable! " squirt squirt squirt ".
The second knows he doesn’t need medicine. What he needs is them sweet sweet ear rubs. 
i am dog one

with ear that hurts

my daddy gives

the little squirts

am second dog

my ear is fine

i want the squirts -

please, dad, do mine!

we lucky dogs

with Loving dad -

Best Medicine

we ever had!




Omg. This is too good
I had a really bad day personally and professionally and i really needed to smile. Thank you OP ❤️
This is so awesome! I am in love with this man for humoring this dog with the "squirt squirt squirt". This kind of thing speaks to someone's character, that he is willing to make that little gesture to acknowledge and appease this dogs quirky need to get the ear drops. Kudos to him!
Oh my goodness! I thought my younger dog might be the only one who was pretty sure she also needed medication (eye drops) when the older one did.   I also had to put the lid on and pretend to drop some in her eyes, as well as make a big deal over what a good girl she was, too.  

It may have also had something to do with the fact that she might have worried without the "drops" she might get a good girl cookie as well.  Dogs never cease to amaze me.
This just reminded me of something I had forgotten about. My grandpa used to give my grandma eye drops every day. When he would do that, their border collie would jump in the chair and wait for her turn. He'd put the cap on the bottle and pretend to put drops her eyes while she tilted her head back. This was 15+ years ago, and they've all passed away now. Thank you for reminding me of that memory.
Big, goofy Labs are the best. I like how Dog #1 (Katie?) returned to make sure Dog #2 (Josh?) wasn't getting anything special on the down low, and Dog #2 is simply happy to be there for the ear rubs.

The owner's great, too. "Squirt, squirt, squirt... all done!"

/wigglebutts intensify
Nawww he is just fakin and wants some ear scratches. lol
That is one great dog dad.
1st dog- "you know he bamboozled you, right?"  
2nd dog- "doesn't matter, got scritches"  
They both just seem happy to be involved, lol
God I love that shit eating grin as he rubs the second dog's ears. Good dad.
The second dog gets up like "Huzzah! I am cured!!!"
I've died of happiness.
I think he's just doing it for the ear rubs. Smart doggo.
I used to have to give my Welsh Springer Spaniel haircuts every summer, and I’d finish shaving her then dutifully “shave” my black lab who had so patiently waited for her turn and was seething with jealousy.
Haha! I love the sound effects! “Squirt, squirt, squirt”
HECKIN GOOD BOIS 10/10 WOULD BOOP
The look on the man's face, and the satisfaction of equality on the dogs is priceless (especially since he got TWICE the dose. Tsk tsk!).
I totally believe this.My mom’s dog once needed eye drops. I watched her administer them and then she pretended to give them to other pup. I laughed and asked her why she does this and she explained he gets upset because he feels left out. 
My dog needs ear medication and I chase him for 30 minutes trying to put the stuff in his ears. These are good dogs
“Omg it worked, I tricked him, I got petted” 🐶
Aww and Dad plays along 
That is so fucking adorable
That good boi is no dummy.  He gets ear skritches too!
Why can’t humans be as good as dogs 
It's like toddler rules but with dogs
Adorable.

   I lost my best mate Aibo (12 yr Lab ret) earlier this year. I miss him everyday. 

Miss ya buddy 🌹
Aw! What a great dad!
This is the best thing I've seen all day I love this
Same with my labs. One gets pain meds for her hips and everyone gets "medicine" (totally just balled up cheese).
Awe, I have a chocolate lab and a Habanesse. The lab has ear medicine and hates it so whenever I give it to him the small one starts licking his ears because he thinks he’s in pain lol too cute 
We have a dog who needs eyedrops and another who doesn’t.
During medication time, dog 1 gets eyedrops then dog 2 watches and asks for some.
Once dog 1 is done, we hold dog 2 in position for receiving eyedrops. We then touch the bottom of the vial to the top of her head and she’s happy and believes she’s received her medication.
My dog does the same thing. One has to have a skin treatment nightly. He hates it. Even though the first dog fusses and squirms through the whole thing, my other dog comes and parks it right in front of me as soon as the first dog leaves. I just rub her skin like I do his, pat her butt, and call her a good girl. 
The level of trust from the dogs is just amazing.

Back when my dog had diabetes, he trusted us so much, and when it came to insulin, he would lay down for the shot when it was that time of the day.

He was such a good boy, sure do miss him.
The first dog came back around and took a few sniffs and called bullshit on the con job. 
I love animals so goddamn much.
The old man trying to hold back his smile is so endearing.  What good dogs and a good owner, you can tell they are loved.
This is so fucking adorable I can’t even stand it. As an animal nurse, that is not just one but two polite doggies. Good boyes alert! 
He puts his hands up, that's how you know it's legit.
Everyday I see more and more proof of dogs being the silliest and goofiest and most innocent and most loving creatures 🙂
Oh my gosh! My mom does the same thing with her two little dogs. One needs medicine, and then the other she has to fake put drops in, “Boop Boop Boop!” And then he runs off and shakes his head like he actually got them put in. He’s reacting to fake drops!
I have been in a grumpy mood since coming from work but this wee clip really made me smile
Love the dogs and the Guy ! 
Such a good girl and good boy 
Awwwwh
Omg I miss my dog so much. I'm on a business trip and had a nightmare about my dog. 
I have a cat like this. He sits there and watches us with his head tilted while we give medicine to one cat and then he waits patiently for us to pick him up and give it to him as well.
I wish my dogs sat there for ear medicine, I have to wrestle my basset hound to the ground and sit on her to give her meds.
I had two dogs. An old one that needed medication and a young one that didn't. We'd give them both "medicine" every morning and evening (the old one would get actual medicine, the young one would get a small treat)  The older one has been gone 5 years, the younger one still with us still expects "medicine" you can't call it a treat or he won't take it. Has to be called "medicine"
My dog can't be quiet when he sees me putting make up on and I don't pretend to put some on him too.
You must be mistaken. That's not medicine. That's EAR TREATS.
My dogs are like this. They don't like being brushed or getting their nails clipped individually but if the two of them are together they fight for the privilege.
When you give your younger sibiling an unplugged controller so he can "play" games with you.
How sweet is that! 
My mom's puppy has severe hip dysplasia (German Shepherd and mastiff(?) mix) and he had surgery at 9 months old to fix it. After his surgery he was limping and getting pain meds. My dog, being the princess she is, was jealous of all the attention the puppy was getting, so she lifted one of her paws and limped around the house to make us think she was hurt too. We knew she was full of bull because she's done this before AND forgets what paw she 'injured'. 

Also whenever one of our dogs needs a pill, everybody gets a treat because otherwise they get jealous. And my mom used to own a grumpy old Collie who was smart enough to know when he was getting medication and would eat the treat and spit out the pill, so we would give all the dogs a treat to fool him into thinking it was treats time instead of pill time. Actually worked pretty well! He's been gone for 3 years now but we still do that with all our dogs whenever one needs medicine.

BTW: the puppy is 1 year 3 months and he's doing great. He's finally acting like a silly crazy puppy now that he's not in pain anymore. He thinks my brother's lab/ pit mix is his mom, even though she's half his size.
Squirt, Squirt, Squirt. :D
All doggo knows is their frien is getting earrubz, and wants earrubz too. 

I don't blame him. 

Solitary. I've never commented in r/awe, but that is some cute stuff right there.
Dang. My dogs all run when they see that little bottle. 
So pure.
Brilliant. My dogs will run and hide when I bring out the meds. I guess it's all about the technique. You make it really worth it with that massive ear massage
This is beautiful
r/likeus
nothing is a bigger deal to my dog than ear meds, holy jeez she goes nuts (Golden retriever)
Jesus christ. Reddit video is horrendous. The only video platform that takes 30 seconds to play and then pauses in the middle. 

USE GFYCAT. 
My pup has problems with ear infections so we regularly need to squirt a solution in his ears to keep them clean and healthy. I wish it was this easy with him! Nothing but a battle as he tries to get away. I don’t blame him though, I wouldn’t want someone squirting shit into my ears on a regular basis either. 
The way he said "All done" hahaha 
First time I actually said aww outloud
Such a GOOD BOI!
If this was on YouTube, there would be a DMCA takedown request for the TV playing in the background.
That’s has to be the cutest video to date. Seriously. This takes the cake. 
I wish my dog was like that. It was like trying to ride an unwilling horse through the house last night putting his drops in. 
This is a man with a good heart in this video. 
It's like toddler rules but with dogs
AWWDUNN
Can’t get over Dad lookin around trying to hold in his laughter.  
This is like when one of my dogs gets wet and gets toweled off the dry dog comes over to be toweled too.
I love dogs.... seriously the best thing mankind has done, taming wild dogs.....
What beautiful intuitive creatures. They love their person and just want to know he loves them back. Pure love. 
Today I bought a present for a 4 year old... and threw in something for his older brother.  Feels like the same thing.
Gotta love a big sweet Lab.  
This is ridiculously sweet. The father human's smile makes it for me. 
I love this video so much. Especially when the guys throws his hands up and says ALL DONE
Equal rights for all pups
That man was being adorable

Edit: I also love how dogs or animals can expect attention by sitting still and close, not looking directly at you or facing you but giving glances kind of awkwardly.. just waiting for their turn at affection
Nothing better than Labs !  So sweet
One of my friends had a German Shepard, when he was about eight years old my friend got a new German Shepard pup.  The older one was grazed by a car and had a slight limp but he was ok.  Soon the pup started limping too with the same back leg.  My friend took the pup to the vet to get him checked out but the vet said he was fine, nothing wrong.  So this new pup was just learning to limp because of the other dog.  
That smile from the human is fucking heart melting

so genuine and free
Oh dogs ❤️ 
u/kissdogs
My pup gets so mad that he doesn’t get insulin shots like his diabetic brother twice a day 🙄
[removed]
There is something actually really beautiful about this
He thinkin bout them pets
“Squirt squirt squirt”... 
Is he trying to fool the dog or himself? 
I cannot upvote this enough. Warmed my cockles.
That’s the cutest thing I’ve seen all day.
Labs are so adorable, I just can’t
all better now!!
the best <3
I actually had to do that last week. My other pup was so upset that she didn’t get “ear rubs” too
That is so cute. What good doggos 
Protect doggos at all costs 
My past few days have been weird and this was the most adorable thing I've seen.
Never seen anything cuter.
This is the cutest thing 
JESUS MY HEART
THESE DOGS ARE SO WELL BEHAVED
The excited wagging of the tail gets me every time
My dog need to have ear medication when my sisters dog was visiting. My dog hates having her ears cleaned and my sisters dog needed to have medication for his ears before, so when he saw me giving my dog the stuff he ran and hid. 
DOGS!!
My lab runs under the table when I take out the ear meds.  I have to take out the peanut butter and he knows that he only gets the PB if he lets me give him the ear meds.   
Anything for ear rubs.
My doxie boi Frank the Tank just had back surgery last week. I have another doxie that thinks he need to do physical therapy after I finish with Frank. It’s hysterical!

https://i.imgur.com/u7TYGn8.jpg 
there they are! 
I dont care about the drugs, i just want the hugs
Those dogs suit that owner as far as the owners look like their pets thing.
I wish i had a dad like those dogs have. 
Well that’s nice. Mine looks at me like I’m going to murder her when I bust out the ear drops. 
I have to clean my cat’s ear daily, followed by a treat for being a good boy.

Recently got a kitten and he wants treats too, so he also get’s a q-tip on the outside of his ear canal, he’s calm and quiet for them treats.
Man, my dog needed medicine like this - we had to double team, one person holding treats the other doing the ear thing.
me when I want to feel included
Such a brave strong doggo
This absolutely made my day. 
Vote for best dog owner!
I love this. Dogs are the best
Perfect.
The second dog has you bamboozled for free ear rubs and you think he's the one who's bamboozled??? He's one step ahead. If anyone's bamboozled, it's definitely you. Bamboozled. 
I wish my dog took his ear meds that well!!! The minute   It comes out he try’s to hide his head in the couch or beneath his blanket. And lord help us if he sees the wash and the cleaner sticks come out! 
I wish my dog was that good at taking ear medicine 😭😭😭
This is absolutely adorable.  <3  

On a serious note though, I just wanted to warn everyone that some ear treatment antibiotics can cause irreversible hearing damage in your dogs.  We took our Bull Terrier in about 6 months ago because she had sudden hearing loss only to find out the veterinarian who we saw her the appointment before prescribed an ointment for a "possible" ear infection that wasn't necessary in the first place.  

Our dog's actual problem was ruptured ear drums, not sure why or how it happened, and the ointment went into the holes, got infected and caused her to go deaf.  We tried general anesthesia and a cleaning treatment to get some hearing back, but it failed.  

Before a vet gives you ear treatment, have them check the eardrum.  We did it for years with multiple dogs and never had an issue, but it only took one time to change her life forever.

You can read about other instances online if you're interested. 
I did it all for the scritches..
this is so cute 
Lol, the second dog reminds me of Michael Scott
My guys did the exact same thing when one of them needed eye drops!  I had to fake giving eye drops to the other one.
Look at him stoickly waiting. Goodboye means business .
Where's the person with the poem?
We don’t deserve dogs 😭
Placeboggo 
We really don't deserve dogs, too pure!
My dog does this every time too! It just melts my heart. 
Hahaha cute
My dogs growing up did this! Of course they were labs
Dogs are the best
This is ADORABLE! He waits so patently for his turn. 
+1 goodboy point
What a great pet owner!!
Very sweet. Both the dogs and their owner!

So cute it made my day...
This is the most Labrador thing I’ve ever seen
Oh man. This brought back nightmares. We had a 17.5 lb old tomcat that was formerly feral as a pet. He had ear wax problems so got ear infections a few times. I recall working up a sweat and having my muscles be sore the next morning wrestling him with my partner to keep him down to even get a bit of a squirt in an ear. Its amazing what a defense an under 20lb animal can put up
Seriously how lucky are we to have dogs in our lives. I love them so much. 
Why are dogs so much better than humans? 
Haha reminds me of one of my pups. We have an (almost) 8 year old Bernese and a rescue berner we adopted a few years ago. The rescue has a bunch of health issues and always needs something new. For example, we got her a food bowl shaped like a maze because she used to eat extremely fast when we fed her. My other dog just HAD to try out her bowl. She was infatuated with it. Now she's having leg problems and got a new harness that helps us lift her back end up so she can walk easier. Other pup just HAD to try it out. She's a character... Just can't have something new without her being in on it. 
This was me with middle child syndrome! Lol. But not as cute!
“All done!” The best part haha
He just wants special ear petting too.
It's because dogs get endorphin pumps from ear rubs. Peddling cuteness for affection.....dirty, rotten, scoundrels.
Are dogs even human?
Dogs are about the best beings on earth.
When my dog smell me grabbing the bottle she hide under the table. She hate that stuff
What's the ear medicine for anyways?
ALL DOONNE! Everyone involved is so cute!
Every time I send home ear meds, I'm going to hope this is what goes on. 
It felt like the doggy wanted the ear rub and not the medicine part 
I wish my cats were this easy to give medicine too! Rather than cue up, they run off to the four corners of the earth. 😕
Good dogs :)
What a sweet man
scammed
lmao I never thought this could happen cuz whenever I'm dealing with an animal the others suddenly disappear off the face of the earth 🤣
Dogs are just the purest creatures on this planet.

That's one of the cutest things I've ever seen.
Can somebody explain to me what war medicine is? I know very little about ears so my knowledge is that they come in 4 states: can hear everything, can hear everything with hearing aids, can hear  an annoying constant ringing, and can’t hear anything. This is all based on human ears so if this is a dog specific thing, I’d love to know why they have ear medicine.
I want to marry that guy!
My turn my turn!
I just found out how much better it is with sound! :)
My mom's puppy has severe hip dysplasia (German Shepherd and mastiff(?) mix) and he had surgery at 9 months old to fix it. After his surgery he was limping and getting pain meds. My dog, being the princess she is, was jealous of all the attention the puppy was getting, so she lifted one of her paws and limped around the house to make us think she was hurt too. We knew she was full of bull because she's done this before AND forgets what paw she 'injured'. 

Also whenever one of our dogs needs a pill, everybody gets a treat because otherwise they get jealous. And my mom used to own a grumpy old Collie who was smart enough to know when he was getting medication and would eat the treat and spit out the pill, so we would give all the dogs a treat to fool him into thinking it was treats time instead of pill time. Actually worked pretty well! He's been gone for 3 years now but we still do that with all our dogs whenever one needs medicine.

BTW: the puppy is 1 year 3 months and he's doing great. He's finally acting like a silly crazy puppy now that he's not in pain anymore. He thinks my brother's lab/ pit mix is his mom, even though she's half his size.
I heard some where that ears rubbing is like sex massage for dog 
Good on everyone to play along!
Dogs are the cutest creatures.
Wow dogs really are the best. 😭
>Squirt squirt squirt

>Squirt squirt squirt

>ALL DONE

My girlfriend takes it with as much enthusiasm.
That dog is after the ear rubs. The medicine ain't got nothing to do with it.
Amazing. 
He just wants dem ear scratches. 
The second dog is just in it for the scritches. He knows there’s no medicine. 
We dont deserve dogs
Awww!! 😭
Awww :')
Fucking adorable
I wish our lab behaved half that well while we put his ear medicine in. 
This was so sweet!!

I suddenly want two giant yellow labs.
So wholesome!
Such a golden retriever thing to do, I love them.
And over here, I can't get either one of my two ear-problem-pups to sit still. I end up tasting it every time, as they fling the crap everywhere from shaking their heads before I can take my hand away.
GIVE ME BELLY RUBS OR GIVE ME TREATS!!
Eff I can't even get my dog to sit still for a second so I can put the darn drops in his ears. You know it's a struggle when not even a treat is of help. 
ALL DONE
Doggy cargo cult.
Labs ears need constant cleaning.
So sweet... like little children
That bud got easily fooled.
I wish it was this easy to treat my dogs ears instead of having a wrestle match with her.
hes just in it for the scritches 
Awe good man still pretending to put the drops in and made his cute doggo so happy! :)
Lol my turn 
Brett Favre?
Aww my god! 
I understand.  we had a much loved chihuahua who got pretend ear drops, pretend pills, baths when he didn't need one, etc.  
Totally sweet!
That smirk on his face says it all
One of my kittens has a broken leg.  To make him feel good we have to keep them both together in the pen at night.  They get used to the routine.
That is too cute!
That actually made me saw awww out loud.
Hahahahah
I love this.
Lol I remember when my rott had a eye infection and my lab got so jealous that he start hitting her ears for no reason lol
Munchausens by puppy?
This is the best thing I've seen on the internet in a while. So precious!
What a good daddy!!
Like a fucken child! Omg, so adorable!
Because he's a good boy, obviously. 
Ok ok, MY turn hooman...
Mine does this too!
What’s fur is fur. 
My dog hated his ear meds. The dude ran for the hills once he saw the bottle. 
All fixed!!! Love this! Thanks OP I needed this today! 
OK that's adorable 
I think it comes down to attention. I have a cat that requires asthmatic medication and the other one always wonders why I seek her out specifically. 
Haha our Bassetts are like that too!
The dog's thinking, those are funny squirt noises
Dog low key just wants it’s ears rubbed
My rotty, RIP, would love to have her ears cleaned and medicated. She constantly had ear infections every other year.
He just wanted those sweet ear rubs.
Aww, she just wants some attention too. So sweet. 
How come he was patiently waiting for his turn. My dog does not even stay still for the ear medicine! 
My turn, my turn!!
/r/woof_irl
My god you are so lucky she stays still!!! Impossible with my guy. 
THE BEST
This. This is why I’m studying to become a vet tech.
 how cute.  I was never able to get one ear treated, and especially had no chance to treat the second 
A Team
Pupper just wanted an ear massage. Dogs love them. I give them to my pups regularly. 
I love the “squirt squirt squirt” effect 🤗☺️
I have to do the same with my dogs whenever one has to take medicine. 
Omg, too freakin cute...God love em
I wish my boi would behave like that for his ear drops....
Good humans are sure to love their animals equally. 
Mometamax. 
Your dads face is priceless, he knows he’s fooling the pup and is absolutely enjoying it lol 
Baby ear medicine!
Swears that’s like me and my sister. If I had something my sister had to have it too lol
Doggo also wants the pats
God I love dogs.
This is the best thing I saw on Reddit today! Please post more of these two.
He’s just there for the ear rubs :)
Dad should put a drop or two in one ear one time so you can record pupper's surprised reaction.
So cute 
That guy is awesome. 
Nah he just wants the ear massage 
Ggk
I freaking love animals. 
All dogs are created equal was the first statement in the Doglaration of Independence,.
Little does anyone know he’s only doing it for the ear scritches!
Are we all really about to act like that good boye didn't know exactly what he was doing?

He just wanted the scritches, and knows that cuteness cuts straight to our hearts. 
My dog does this when I give my kids their meds. He wants meds too.
Omg that is too cute!! 
Oh my goodness, that was too adorable! What a good boy ♥️
All the other dog wants is to get the same amount of attention, basically. Adorable little attention hogs.
Lol! He’s just in it for the massage. 
This is not my dogs. They’d smell that medicine and run and hide. Ear rubs be damned!
The things that parents do for their children....or it could just be that the other dog wants an ear rub and attention also? Either way, the deal or pact between owner and dog is really cute and funny! 
I’m saving this post because it makes me feel all fuzzy. 
Too pure 
One of my dog is on CBD and the other one just wants what her big brother have. So now I have 2 dogs on CBD!
My dog loves getting his Mometamax when he needs it. Its super soothing for them.
My dog would whine and hide when he needed ear drops...he HATED them. He would tuck himself under the coffee table so we couldn't get to his ears.
Thank you for treating them equally!!!
It's all about the ear rubs afterwards.
I give little white dog her pills in  a  bit of peanut butter, little brown dog also gets peanut butter at the same time.  Getting him in the habit in case he needs pills some day.
I love the fact he pretended for him..awww
dogs are just the best!
My aunt's dogs are this way with insulin shots. One of them is going blind and needs insulin for diabetes and the other doesn't, but has always been very close to his brother so after one gets the shot, my aunt pretend pokes him too every single day. Ra so sweet!
Or he's just here for the massage.
This is so stinking adorable I LOVE yellow labs.  My girl is a scratch addict so if anyone is getting attention she gets jealous.  She tries to push my youngest out of the way when I am getting him dressed.
Golden retrievers <3
She just wants an ear rub
What a good doggy dad! :D
Free ear rubs!
 Dogs cure allergies. 
Our dog did this also when I had to put ear drops in our other dog's ear. I guess it made her feel special because she would wiggle her butt and jump around afterward. She's a weird dog though, the only time she wants human food is if we have pumpkin pie. 
That is the best human. 
Just like a sibling
Meanwhile I have to literally fight my dog just to clean his ears.
Dog Dad rocks!
This kind of happens with my dogs. My elderly dog is on an arthritis pill and so she gets it in a ball of bread every morning. My other dog will pout if he doesn't get a ball of bread as well.
We used to have one dog that needed to be shaved and another dog that shed so no shaving necessary.  
Any time we would shave the one dog we would have to lay the clippers on the back of the other one and turn them on so he felt like he was getting shaved too.
This makes me happy.
"Squirt. Squirt. Squirt."
This is so cute
This made my day. 💚
This put a huge smile on my face! You can tell how much they love him. Those are some lucky pups, and a lucky dude!
Bork bless these golden ones.
Dogs are so amazing.
Nah he just wanted the ear rub. 
I wish my lab was this calm when I give him ear medicine
Such beautiful animals. 
Oh yeah that's a feels good, man. 
This is so adorable 
What a sweet and patient doggy daddy.
Damn, my dogs run in the other direction
Dogs are the best !! 
I have to use that medicine on my dog too and he hates it. He literally cringes when I pull it out but I think he knows it makes his ears stop itching. 
The best part is the dog-dad giving that lippy look to the camera, his eyes are just screaming "Make sure you get this part"
I want an ear massage now. 
Good boy is just here for the ear rubs.
I think the other dog just wants extra ear scritches
This is adorable!!
Well, yeah. Looks like the first doggo got a nice ear rub. Gotta get that ear massage.
Golden retrievers!!! Is there a sub for this?
awwww so cute 😍
This is the sweetest thing! I love dad’s sound effects, too. 
Just so pure :')
successfully done :'D
I'm impressed they sit still for that. 
Omg my dog and I used to play chase around my house anytime I had to put medicine in her ears. It was always a huge struggle. 

I miss her dearly. 
Little Cesar's!
Labs are precious 😭 
This is the most precious thing I’ve ever seen 
goddamn is that cute!!!
u/bigblue026 
Wholesome. 
So cute!!!! I love it! 
Me too, me too !
THIS IS SO CUTE ❤️
The goodest of boys 
That background commercial sounds like something from rick and Morty
Can I be next?
"That looks good. I'll have what he's having."
My dog used to like getting his ear meds, but, I think he liked the ear massage, he was always licking his chops when we'd rub his ears. This is part of the reason I love dogs, they're so cute.
Mometamax or posatex? I can tell by the bottle. I still haven't figured out if that's a good thing or not. 
I wish my dog wanted his ear medicine!  He has to be pinned down.
Sooo cute!!
That’s just adorable!
Roofus you make such a big deal about the ear medicine but I can’t even feel them and it only takes a few seconds. Stop being a big baby. 
That’s absolutely fucking adorable
And to think that some people hate dogs?? I would drive a school bus full of dogs back and forth from the east coast to the west coast everyday! 
Skooert skooert skooert
What does the ear medicine do?
I freaking love labrador retrievers, especially 2!
Gazibo affect 
This is so wholesome. 
Hahaha if he gets it, I want it also !
Jokes on you he just wants an ear massage !
Are those yellow labs? 
right on!
This warms my heart so much.
This is wholesome 😊
Isn't it amazing how much dogs trust us? 
Nice try Little Caesars Pizza!
One of mine gets peanut butter with a pill each morning. The other one also has the peanut butter but without the pill just so she won’t cause a stick about it. Can’t miss out on anything...
Yo,  I have that same peanuts blanket
And a spoonful of ear scratchies.
He came for the head scratches 
The dog version of a hand job.  He wants it whether he needs it or not.
Dog say. Haha he fell for it. I just wanted a rub
One of my dogs has allergies so I give her a pill in cheese. When I adopted my second dog our cheese bill doubled. 
Thank you for making my day! This is too cute. 
Shes stealing ear rubs!
LOL we have to do the same thing!
How sweet is that! 
Squirt Squirt Squirt 
Precious! 😍❤️😍❤️😍
Thats a good dad
Dogs are the best
So cute
This literally made my daughter cry. 
Cuuute!!! All better!! 
no he clearly just wants the ear massage
This made my heart full
We don’t deserve dogs. 
Hahaha, that second one is like:

"... I see dem scritches you givin' out. Don't be coy now son"
Labs are the best. And my Dakota was the bestest girl so she even earned herself a tattoo
Love this
Labs and ear infections....it's the most common ailment for them.
Indeed, a couple of good bois
So cute! This guy reminds me of my dad. He would totally do something like this. 
That feeling when you’re ears are rubbed 
I love the smirk on the guy as he does it. Dogs are so precious.
Ll
My dog throws a damn tantrum when it's time for his eye and ear drops 
I was having a super shitty day today and this just made my day, thank you OP
He is just trolling bro
Omg


I had to do this with both my dogs too lmfao
Ear rub hustle level: placebo.
My dogs do this and I love them for it. 
Can’t stop giggling because this whole video is so cute :3 haha 
Im gonna assume the dog just wants the ear rubs
He's just in it for the ear rubs.
Very very good goldens
i love this!! thanks for sharing
the dog probably just wanted the ear rubs
The other one is cured too !
Check this kids out on Instagram @a.b.e._creations
Just want eer rub ples
That's SO adorable! 
Just wants the ear rubs! 
Wouldn’t have the same reaction with baths. 
6m

6
Oh my god. My heart lol. 
I think he did it to make the other dog not feel alone. He stood next to him, as if in support. Either way, super cute. 
He isn't gonna miss out on all them special hearing drops.
Fantastic! Love the guys face when rubbing the second doggo. Also, we have to do this with our kids with eye drops! 
That’s adorable! What a beautiful pair of goggies! 
My dogs do this too! 
Nice job dad !! 
Haha. That’s the only thing about labs. They always get ear infections and it can be a pain when there’s no way to control their craziness. But I love them and have two of them. 😁
The owner's face and the way he goes "all done!" Hahaha
Awwww too cute she is saying give me some love.😘
I guess you could say...

(•_•) / ( •_•)>⌐■-■ / (⌐■_■)

It was in one ear and out the other
Couple good pupz 
This super warmed my heart.
Good as new!  Thanks dad!
Solidarity, brother!
“I don’t need medz. I just want deep eer rubz.”
Dogs are so jealous, it's adorable to watch. If you give one thing to one dog, you must give it to the other! Depending on what it is, of course. Sometimes you just have to bamboozle them. 
Man now I want some pizza
Puppy 
I love you.
😍
One human has chocolate. The dog and the human also think the dog need it too.














Oh wait


I had to put ear medicine for these two dogs I was looking after for my aunt and they gave me hell every single day. this looks so easy. :(
so cute oh my goodness
Second dog: I don't know what's going on but those ear rubs look awesome. I must do whatever it takes to get them!
awwwww
CUTEEEE
I needed this :’) 
God , I love this, I wanna lab so much !
😍
The other dog's face while waiting for its turn 
Haha! He is so satisfied after that!
We don't deserve dogs
I wish mine did this. They run when they see that bottle with the long nozzle. 
Now the boy is going to think the girl is such a whimp when it comes to medicine time! 
made me smile :)
I do this exact same thing with my two dogs, one needs the meds other doesn’t :)
"Squirt, squirt, squirt"
Pupper wants scritches. 
Awwww. That is so cute. 
What a good dad!
And good boys!
I wish my families old yellow lab was that enthusiastic for her ear medicine.  She hated getting that stuff put in, but was happy to receive pats and a treat for being a good girl afterwards.
Heckin pup is totally bamboozled by the other one getting ear rubs. 
Complete trust in the system. That's why dogs need friends like us!!!
aawww, they are just so adorable! 
I have a yellow lab and before i switched food for him i had to constantly deal with ear infections, there was nothing more in this world that he hated than gettimg his ears cleaned. So this is just hilarious to me 😂
Such a good boy
If only cats were so easy.  :(
Omg adorable! I love labs! I have two too! 
"Squirt squirt squirt" so precious
The puppies love affection😘
This is too pure for this world. 
So good! So pure! 
thats adorable
So cute! I wish my dog was that calm when I have to give her medicine for her ear infection. She runs and hides under the table.
Such a good boy. I have known many dogs that would run at the sight of medicine bottles.
I love dogs
Ear rubs are supposed to be divied up equally between brothers dad. Ya hear me!
This is adorable. We do not deserve dogs. 
He wants to make his sister feel better by having it done too. 
U guys are awesome parents. 
He just wants his ears rubbed. Give the rubs.
Act Peaceful, act cool.
r/petthedamndog
OMG that’s precious. 
/u/castcrucio
I just wanted to say awww. 
Love the dogs and the Guy ! 
Huh, my dogs always hid when I took out the ear medicine.  
Omg that’s so cute
u/VaranusKomoensis
Is that a Pepe blanket?...
mine runs away 
Kinda like having kids no? 😂
I love dogs sm! 
It's cute how he entertains the idea that his other dog needs the medicine too lol cute little pair!
I audibly 'awwww' to this, great human dad
Cute

Very pure
Great dogs great owner 
Our labs seem to have ear infections a lot too, the black lab in particular has always had inflamed ears
HA!!! My dogs do the same thing!!! One needs them and the other gets in line. 
Dogs can actual be effected by the placebo effect, even receiving medicine from a human or vet can make them feel better just like taking sugar pills makes humans feel better.
aLL dOnE!
Non stop laughter
Adorable
Kevin Costner really let himself go there
That is just too funny.
My dog does the same thing whenever food is around.
Can anyone tell me exactly what breed this is? 
This made me smile. Thank you! Dogs can be such characters and I'm glad he acted it out for the dog so the dog didn't feel left out :)
I wish these were my doggos 
I sure wish it was that easy to give my Mastiff his ear drops. He fights it like you wouldn't believe 
All donnneeee 
Such precious dogs! This made my day
Violà!
Lol the sidelong glances by the dog in waiting.  
so adorable. Want that dog.
That dog has a severe case of FOMO.
This is the most pure shit, dogs are too good. 
fuck. i love a good pair of velvet lab ears.
Oh wow a fellow Eon! Oi!
Solidarity doggos
That gentleman looks like he's on cloud nine with the dogs 
Me, putting myself through unnecessary shit on a daily basis for no reason. 
That is so precious. 
My miniature schnauzer wouldn’t eat his food unless mom “put” garlic powder on it. She had put some on for a few days, and he loved it, but the vet told her it could cause kidney stones. After that, she would just shake the bottle - lid on - over the food, and he’d chow right down!
This is the purest thing ever
Ear rubs are form of medicine too.Happy boy - good boy.
It's hard to beat a Golden or 2 orrrrrrrrrrr 3 - - - - - - - - -.
So sorry for your losses. That is such heartbreak. You sound like a very kind and loving hooman to doggos.
Not sure if you're the owner of the dogs in the video, but if they get chronic ear infections, you can look into a medicine called 'BNT'.  One of our labs used to get really bad infections, and one of our vets suggested it to us.  Cost like $15 per ear, and they'd heat it in the microwave before injecting the goo into his ears.  It worked crazy good for us, and luckily, when we moved, the new vet carried it as well!
Silly boi
That guy reminds me so much of Jay from Modern Family... 
Those are beautiful labs!
this are the "good things" I like from LIFE. So awesome, little... yet GREAT things :)
r/MadeMeSmile
Labs and ear medicine....fun times.  Mine hid whenever the medicine would come out.  
Can you post a picture of Jericho today? 😬
I love the way these people love their dogs
Squirt squirt squirt... squirt squirt squirt... ALL DONE!
If only giving meds was always this easy! 
 I like the side eye. act cool, act cool.. 
Great book recommendation..Now on Amazon/kindle - COCKTALES: "SEARCHING FOR THE PERFECT WHOLE, NOT JUST THE PERFECT HOLE"


You can tell he just wanted the ear rubs
[deleted]
i love this video So Much
Oh those floofs. So good. 
 

That is beautiful 😊 long live the tradition of 9pm hot dog!
This is pure ❤
I have to groom one of my dogs almost daily. At the time I had a Corgi and he would wait until I was done with my other and then insist I trim his hair too. I’m snip the scissors around his behind and he was in 7th heaven. RIP little Mason. 
Hey just wants them ear rubs
Jokes on him...
Doggo only wanted his ears rubbed. 
That’s so sweet, I would play along too if I had a doggy like that, would t want to make them sad by dissing them 
Squirt squirt squirt
Even dogs know they need to be vaccinated
Is Reddit broken? This post has 50 comments and 0 upvotes ( well, one now) whass going on?
“I’m just here for the head rubs”
That's what they want you to think they believe... really just in it for the ear rubs.
[deleted]
/r/titlegore 
2nd dog knows what he's doing. He's in it for the free ear rubs. ;)
OMG MY HEARTTTTT 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭I cant omg I’m typing like my 7 year old niece 
Medicine or not that dog is in it for the ear rubs!
I already know this bookmark will viewed often and this link sent to other people, all the time. I will send this to anyone having a rough day.  This makes me so so happy. So many levels of happiness. 
Labs and them dang yeast infections. 
Oh 100k upvotes eh? Prepare to get reposted big time

I'm sure it's already been said, but that is a well trained dog. If they're getting bathed at a clinic, procedure is to clean out the anal glands, clip nails, and wash out ears the same way this guy is doing it. 
Don’t need “too” if you’re gonna say “also”. 
[deleted]
I know he's putting the cap on the medication but still isn't he risking giving the non infected dog what the other one has??

Still, awww...love his reaction when his turn is over..
We don't deserve dogs
Awww... How much do you want to bet it just wanted to ear massage that it came with?
its like having that one kid who always cries because a sibling got something new..even if its his sister getting new panties..its a problem.
Yeah of course. You can always buy a kid.
Please make sure you clean the tip of the ear medication bottle before putting the cap back on. 
U/justalittlecomment
