"It's been 20 years Mike, set me down already!"
Pup fluff also remained constant with age. Extra cute
So beautiful but so sad that the dog must be old now. Grand-dog.
Omg the first pic is super adorable! 
The cuteness decay function remained at 1


Edit: math
Nice repost
Either that dog is dead, 30 yrs old orrrrrr the math no line up
probably not the same dog tho. unless the dude on the right is way younger than he looks
What type of dog is that?
[deleted]
This made me smile so much. Dogs are everythingggggggg. ♥️
Damn that child grew fast
What kind of dog is that? Big ass dog! WANT TO HUG!!
Definitely not the same boy and if it is it’s certainly not the same dog
Perfectly Balanced. 
This picture is fake lol
Breed?
r/absoluteunits
A toddler and a puppy at the same time is quite a brave move.
Repost
Wolf to boy ratio*
Went from puppy and boy to man and wolf.
that kid's boutta suplex that dog
It's a repost.
  
They aren't the same boy and dog.
  

The ratio of repost and OC seems consistant as well
Those aren’t the same dog. The second one is @skookumthesamoyed on instagram, no idea where the first photo is from. 
I guess you could say the ratio remained ... ruffly... the same...?
"The ratio".....😂😂good one
LoL samoyeds never know what to do when they're picked up. They've always done that leg splayed out thing
Repost
What a soft and adorable ~~pillow~~ pupper 
Perfectly balanced, as all things should be.
You mean ratio of boi to boy
Litterally John Snows dire wolf Ghost from Game of Thrones
.........Boi
Well, it's either a different guy or a different dog. Dogs that size don't live into their teens.
He looks so cuddly! 
Repost
God it’s like once a month with this picture 
So cute! But it looks like his shoelaces are tied together :D


I love big boof pets :3 <3
hack meme, you cropped out the part where someone commented with the exact title
The title is the top comment from when this was posted last week
REEEEEPOST
Way to repost someone else's post with the top comment from that post as the title.
Can we stop reposting this as if 1) it's not a repost from less than a couple weeks ago and 2) as if it's the same boy and dog (which it clearly isn't since a dog that size would've died before that boy hit high school, much less early thirties). It's a cheap click based on lies, fuck off.
Sadaharu?
Dog: I'm too old for this shit
That looks like me trying to carry my white shag area rug after attempting to wash it in the tub this morning. 2/10 do not recommend. 


Perfectly balanced, as all things should be
this is the cutest shit ever A+
I only see two good boyes
Can somebody please tell me what kind of dog is that? I really want to get one but idk how they're called
He is a lap dog
Oh my gosh this is too cute !!!
A tragic superglue accident causing both man and dog to be glued together for life” 
SO that dog lived to like 20?
This is one of those post where I feel like the title is 90% of my investment in the post. 
What a majestic doggie!  And huge!  Please post more pics of him!
Nice bot account btw
The ratio of repost to repost stayed constant
Am i crazy or was this on reddit around a week ago?
Hugging this good boys for more than a decade - they must be close friends. 
Is that a great pyr 
In both cases the roles could have been reversed
I've seen this photo a few months ago on here. You think I'm stopid!? That ain't the same dog!
repost.
Nice repost 
Great Pyrenees!!! My baby is a Great Pyrenees / Golden Retriever mix!

150 lbs of pure awesome! Cleonitus the Brave \^\_\^

Hip dysplasia is now effecting his mobility :(
And the ratio of reposts to oc remained the same as well 90:10
Thoes feet though...

The^Pupper
[deleted]
Thanos “everything is balanced”
That toddler looks like he's about to slam that dog to the mat.
Perfect caption lol
Maby a White Swiss shepherd?

Every time I attempt to pick my 100lb german shepherd up like this, he whimpers and cry’s as if it hurts :( 
Precious memories
My chihuahua mix has gone from snappy to chomp-down bites, mostly to me. I guess b/c I’m sick. I would love to feel the magic of those full body hugs again. 
But why he chokeslammin good boi in the first pic?
What type of dog, I want one.
BIG BOI
I always look with envy at kids whose pets are giants. This is the perfect scenario 
Samoyed!
First picture, fluffy loves it.
Second picture, fluffy sick of his shit. 
That dog must be at least 20 years old if this is real
Oh my word! Super awwwww!
Guys, take in mind that the dog in picture two is the dog they got to replace number one, to the left, after it died. Dogs don't live 20+ years. 
there was a point where that dog grew much larger than the kid, how surprised the doggo must've been when that kid outgrew him.
Doin a consistent boy to boi ratio. 
*boi*
How long did it take to grow into the dog?
I didn’t know Samoyeds were the Highlanders of the dog world.
If you shave the dog a bit it'll look the same from the first picture
Dire wolf!
"Makes of dark clothing hate this man and his dog." —ButtFed
And one day you will take Madam Zeroni up the mountain....
I see that the ratio of boy love and dog love also has remained constant.  
What's the ratio of dog body to fur?
What breed is that?
What a shoob!
Are you sure that's not a pony disguised as a dog?
Dog? That's a damn polar bear
I have a big fluffy 55 pound Maremma sheepdog and I carry her like she’s a chihuahua. Usually not in a way that stretches her low back like that though. 
Yea but that’s not the same dog
there is so much love in these pictures. The first one is perfect. 
Kid looks like he's about to body slam that dog
/r/oddlysatisfying
That's a giant floof
2 points on a graph is not proof of consistent growth.
Frick, I want a fluffy Samoyed.
Nice pet polar bear. 
Looks like the kid is about to body slam that pup!
So it means we are gonna get a straight line graph..?
Unzipping tears.rar
False. For at least 10 years that dog was far largee than you were. Not a constant.
Haha it looks like a snowflake
amazing
Thicc 
Awwwww so cute
I don’t know why but I feel like puppy and adult puppy smell like cotton candy 
Is this a dog or a Dire wolf 0_0 
Are you sure that's a dog 
That is one big doggo.
Thats not a dog thats a fucking bear
You mean the ratio of good boy to boy
So adorable 
Couldnt even change the title upon repost?
boy to boy*

ftfy
 Awww 
A big pupper dont live no 30 yrs aye!
The golden ratio
Ratio of boi to boy*
What kind of dog is that
It's either a big big Big dog ! or Small small small Man !
2 points of data is not sufficient to determine a trend.
Quality woofer
r/math
oh god so cute
This repost got 60k up votes wow
Awww you were both puppies
My cousin had a white dog like that named Poops he was really cool.
The child on the left looks like he's mid body slam on the pupper. This would've been a very different before and after...
"Hmm you seem to be getting bigger. I better get bigger to keep up human"
Yeah that’s how the first one went, legs simply couldn’t hold her up anymore, then her mate passed in his sleep like a week later.. makes you think about heartbreak y’know? 
You could almost disappear in that fluff.
ROCK BOTTOM!!
You mean “boy to good boy”
You're a prolific reposter of this picture.
You stole this from r/tumbler
How old is that dog
Lovely hugs and lovely huge dog!
Waw!
Ah yes, Woofer's Constant. It's important to note Cuteness rises exponentially when Sub-Woofers enter the equation. 
Oh my ac
This is so doggawn adorable!!! There’s nothing like the bond between you and your dog. 
😍 amazing 
/r/untrustworthypoptarts
r/absoluteunits
Worlds oldest dog
Awwww how sweet 
I love this. So precious. 

&#x200B;
and he's still the best of all the good boys
big shoober
The more impressive thing would be to have a 25-30 year old dog. 
Boi to boy*
I have a dog that I’ve had since I was 4 but he’s small so now he’s like the size of my fore leg length wise lol
I have an alaskan malamute too, shes my baby.
Can I have both? 
Good genes.
Someone needs to graph this for r/dataisbeautiful
You finally grew into your dog!
That's clearly not the same dog though
 "It's been 20 years Mike, set me down already!" 
That’s a big dog 
 

Easily 30 though. These photos are not showing the same pair
OH MY GOD THIS IS SO ADORABLE 
This sub should be renamed to r/pets
Dude that even had the same name last time it was posted
it definitely didnt. he was bigger than you shortly after the first photo
This caption was the top comment last time it was posted. Lazy bots. 
/u/redloreax
That's one floofy boi, or girl because there are 2 common genders and the mutated 3rd doesn't really exist 
Technically not, the dog would've grown up and reached maturity much faster than the human, he just caught up.
But don't dogs grow faster than humans?

Even if the dog were still alive from the first to second pic
the fact you all actually think that’s the same dog and same person makes me realize how oblivious and dumb you must be to actually believe that. that dude is like at least probably in his 20s and by that dog creed they don’t live past like 12. like how do some of your thought processes work it blows my mind 
Did the ratio of dumbass too? What's pic one about? They're not toy's.
