Wait - where did you plant the tree? Does your wife still live in the same house she lived in in college?
I hope you don’t think I’m hijacking your thread but it reminded me of something I haven’t thought of in many years. After a couple of months of dating my husband, of blessed memory, And I was shopping at a leather store. I tried on a winter coat although it was summer at that time. He said he loved it and I said will you be around in the winter to see me wearing it? And he said which year? It was the sweetest thing ever
Son of a peach 
[removed]
I like how he eats with his eyes.
So where is the tree? 
[deleted]
This is next level karma farming 
Good thing it wasn’t a lemon tree. I heard there are  thieves..
I hope this is the part where everyone notices OP only had two comments in the past week for the entirety of his reddit account and calls him out for being a fake af karma farma but I'm an idealist.  
  
EDIT:  Aaaand here's the part where my inbox got hit with other another week-old bot account calling me a dumb tween who wouldn't be on the Internet without my mum and dad paying for it.  =)  Can't fight the dismal tide, folks.
Then the peach tree clapped 
Good job including the tree in the photo, it really adds to the story.
Im just sad that my one downvote isnt powerful enough
It’s brings tears to my eyes when redditors are finally getting smart enough to call out these obvious sentimental karma posts 
You should show a picture of the tree too if you want me to believe this story.
Why does OP never answer anyone on where he planted the tree while his wife was in college?? So annoying
Does anyone actually believe this nonsense?
And the name of the son: Albert Einstein 
Lies
You live in the same place you did in college?
That tree's name? Albert Einstein. 
I don’t see him eating anything 
You can really just post any old bullshit with a sob story and dumb people will upvote it.

Then you turn around and use that same account to spam all of us! It's the fucking reddit circle of life!
I planted a weed plant in my girlfriends backyard but we broke up before I could harvest it and she smoked the whole thing.
While it's a nice story, the tree is not pictured and this is a low effort photo. Downvoted. 
God, that is such a creepy fucking thing to say and do. Especially considering this is supposedly the first time you are visiting her. 
Did you move the tree when you moved? 
Every girl I've ever dated would have dumped me on the spot if I did that.
This could be a Nicholas Sparks story. 
This is so fake. Why crop half the peach out of the pic? Why not show the tree? Who says that line?

Fake and gay man. 
[removed]
I got someone to respond back on tinder once. 
Barf
I did something similar years back for my wife (then GF). I planted a small oak tree in a pot and made a wooden rope swing for her. I told her the tree would symbolize the growth of our relationship and we would be able to plant it in our yard and tie the swing on there one day. She didn't water it and it died 2 weeks later and her mom threw it out.. Im still salty
I downvote pictures of Redditor children that I don’t know or care about 100% of the time. Take this shit to FB bro.
New account with only one post and an ambiguous picture of a child? Congratulations! The gullible fuckers on reddit will gobble that right up! Bullshit.
[deleted]
How many trees did you give before?
Sweet story, but where's the tree?
one of the migrant workers on my familys farm planted a peach tree once...right in the middle of a cow manure patch...it had made everyone who ever tasted a peach from that tree incredibly ill
https://www.reddit.com/r/no_sob_story/comments/9gg8er/child/
I doubt this is real
It's like this dude has watched too many romcoms or something. Like big fish or the notebook. You bought a peach tree for your gf the first time you visited her? How old were you? Must have been fucking young. Also must have  built a house in the same place or never moved or something?  Also posting your child for upvotes on reddit is just weird to me.  I'm super skeptical about even putting my own face on the internet at all. This just smells like bullshit and if it's not than fuck off with posting your kids all over it,  wtf man,  respect yourself a bit.  This shit is gross. I'd be super pissed off if my parents had done this kind of bullshit.  So if it's real or not it's still just awful. Fuck off with this shit. 
My professor told me once: when should you plant a fruit tree? Answer: 20 years ago
r/aww IS UNDER ATTACK. THIS IS NOT A DRILL.
The fruits of her labor picking the fruits or yours.
What I don't understand is who the fuck are the 40k plus apparent people that upvoted this obvious shill? 
You are not going to post a picture of the tree?
[removed]
Fucking trash post on a trash sub
Wtf is this title 🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
Where did you plant the tree?
Tree or it didn't happen.
The Presidents of the United States of America, approve this post.


Kinda gay
That’s some intense shit to say for the first time meeting your girlfriend dude lol 
I definitely would’ve been like “Yeeeeeaaaaah ok.” 
What a terrible post and the last straw. Unsubbed
"Move into the country, eat a lot of peaches. Try to find Jesus, on your own." - Spanish Pipedream by John Prine
Has anyone said r/titlegore yet?
I don't want to have to get rid of this default sub too. Already had to ditch pics and gifs because it's all just turning into Facebook-level click-farming. 
Bullshit
Lol yeahhhhh right
Is /r/aww becoming /r/pics?
r/thathappened
I'm calling shenanigans! Where's the tree rhysoneill!?
"Ricky, hold up this peach! Daddy needs some internet points!"
Gaaaaaay
This isn't a puppy.. 
Why do boys always get the awesome eyelashes? 
I wonder how many peach trees he planted with girls til he got it right.... I just imagine over the hill from their tree is the orchard of shame and failed relationships 
Fucking pedos.
We bought 2 bare root apple trees and tied them together during our wedding ceremony, planning to graft them together. They died. So we bought a slightly older, bigger (ie not a stick) bare root apple tree that was already grafted and planted it when we moved into our house. 


My husband picked some of the apples this week. They weren’t very sweet...but it is cool to have a fruit tree with a meaningful personal history bear fruit.
gay
But.... I thought peaches came from a can
I am disappointed cause there is no tree, surely op will post a pic of said tree.
Do you have any other previously planted trees whose fruits other children (not yours, presumably) may be eating somewhere? :-P
Naked peaches are best peaches!

(Well, okay, fresh, ripe peaches straight from the tree are best peaches, but it doesn't hurt.)
shitty picture dumb title
**Picture of child with peach**

Who gives a fuck
gay 
Ok Ben Wyatt
Gay
You can buy a grafted peach tree in a ~70lb pot of dirt for about $150 at a nursery, which will yield fruit in 6 months if you get it in early spring.

For $200 you can get 3 or 4 different fruits on the same tree. This is because the trunk of the peach tree isn't a peach tree. They graft branches from mature 10-20 year old fruit trees onto the trunks of a fast growing non-fruit tree.

Tree's don't care who's limb is put on them, as long as the sappiness and pH is reasonable. They'll quickly heal. They don't have antibodies that reject transplants.

If you want to grow a "real" peach tree, you'd have to plant it in the ground and wait 15 years, but nobody does that, it doesn't get you anything but a waste of time. Potted graft fruit trees are great, but if you get multiple fruits be aware that as branches die and regrow you might lose certain fruits and be stuck with the winners.
Barf
This is a bad picture of a child near a plant.

Title game, I guess.
I can’t even get a man who can stay loyal, where the hell do I find one that will plant trees for me. ??
He isn’t actually eating it. Down vote til-proof. 
That's a nice kid, and a nice peach, but bro where's a picture of the tree?
Shouldn't you have bought 2 peach trees, one male and one female?
😔
I'm currently eating plums from the Italian plum tree my dad planted at my childhood home 45 years ago, and this is especially heartwarming to me. 
I'm getting tired of seeing people stories on this sub. When I come from r/all, I want to see a cute animal.
Thought I was in r/pics
OP tried this 6 times until he found a girl who stuck around. Removing the other fruit trees before the wife noticed was hard work.
Cringe 
This is the most fruit loop thing I've read all day. Good lord, downvote
No tree. Half a peach.

Here is a photo of my son.
That's filthy
I'm sure it's just coincidence.
I could eat a peach for hours 
That's creepy, first time you meet her and you buy her a tree and say that? 
Peaches come from a can. They were put the by a man... in a factory downtown. 

I dreamed about you wommmmmmmmaannnnnnn.
I planted a tree on both of my children's first birthdays. As the kids grow, the tree grows and I plan on having them climb them some day. Oh how sweet the karma will be that day!
[deleted]
That’s some deep shit on the first visit
His face shows his amazement that you two are still together
Watch out for peach-stealing whores.
I could eat a peach for hours
Well isnt that some hollywood love story can of worms right there 
 Can’t decide if that’s really awesome or /r/im14andthisisdeep material.
"girlfiend"

sounds about right in most of my relationships.
Should’ve been a lemon tree. Then you could’ve  catch those lemon stealing whores.
Looks like you really practice what you peach. 

(I’ll reluctantly see myself out) 
I read this as his first date and I was like "damn dude, coming on a little strong aren't you?"
Last time I checked, peaches come from a can.  They were put there by a man.
Millions of preaches, preaches for free. Millions of preaches, preaches for me.
I'm so lonely.
I want to know which one of you gave that kid his mesmerizing eyes.
Going to the country, gonna eat me a lot of peaches.
Dumbest shit I have ever read. 
Did you name him James?! I gotta know!
I think you just did it for the internet points but that's trying to prove intent
Just watch out for those peach stealing whores.
Op is a liar, that’s my kid.
You amazing life amazing motherfuckers making us normal humans look shitty.
Moving to the country
gonna eat me a lot of peaches.
That’s not eating. That’s fear of the hair round ball that will consume thy champion
So wholesome so hurt my black soul 
Your long game is strong. 
Waiting to see this as the most upvoted post in reddit..
Thats you?
I told my girlfriend, I really love your peaches, wanna shake your tree. We broke up soon after.
My kids use these little mini forks that my wife and I swiped from the Air Canada flight we met on 15 years ago.
Orchardomancy is powerful, but unethical. And dangerous

Should that tree ever be chopped down, your life will fall apart.
Cool story. Though, peaches come from a can...
What kind of climate do you have to live in for a peach tree?
we got rid of our peach trees- after four years, they had so many peaches one season that the limbs all started bending and ultimately breaking. then they got blight.  Ultimately- they were not worth the trouble. the peaches tasted good...but they were small, and birds, squirrels, deer, and other peach eating organisms got the bulk of them.
Plant 500, to save time for generations to come. 
He is staring at it like he’s never seen a peach!
Please tell me that boys name
Is james
Look up the song blow up your TV
This is strange, I had a thought about something like this just yesterday how I too would like to get some sort of fruit tree and plant it so it sort of grows with me and I and my future family can some day eat from it
The fruit of your loins eating the fruit of your love
this is gross in the cutest way 
peaches come from a can

they were out there by a man
How many years did that take?
I got you.. a promise tree. (This is going to be a thing)
Today’s my cake day
That's fucking adorable. 
He’s gonna have the poops
James and the giant peach 
He probably gave a peach tree to every girl he dated. Just happened to work out this time 
He ain't eatin' no damn peach!
The fruit of your seed eating the fruit of your seed. 
[Prine irl](https://youtu.be/oPwq0YoOy4g)

edit :link for context. 
Please post pictures of the whole family with the tree!!
A fruit tree is a great thing to plant around a home. Im always shocked how few people actually do, they are all pretty cheap to get and well worth it.
r/untrustworthypoptarts
Everyone, from now on, plant a tree on a first date... Let's make that the new thing for this month, like when the potheads were cleaning up public areas, yeah?
We wanna eat different peaches man
Took a while for you to reach me
Cause I waz hiding in the peach tree
Now let’s see the tree. 
I thought this was some lemon tree porn joke.then I remembered it was lemons and not peaches 
Nice one. 
Living the dream bro. Now take solace you live in a country not torn by war and petty arguments. Do what you can to protect what you have created.
Shirtless at college already! What an animal
Oh my 😍
Too perfect
Oh my God that is the sweetest thing I have read probably this year. Cute kid. Congrats!
This is the cutest shit ever ❤️
BUT WHAT DID IT COST 
This makes my heart ache at how wonderful a memory it is..
aww
How many threes did you have to plant to get to this point ?
When I was born my Aunty planted a gum tree and named it after me.  John was a sickly tree and struggled to survive in the sandy beachside soil but after thirty years John finally was strong and stretched into the sky.

And into the powerlines. One day the council came and chopped him down despite the protests of my Aunty.  Rest In Peace buddy.
This melted. MY heart 
When a girl only fiends for peaches, she’s a true friend
i say get liquored up & take 'em to the peach tree dance
I remember my friend’s dad planting an apple tree in their yard when we were kids. It took a real long time to grow - and we’d joke about how there would never be any proper apples on it, because the tree was just a tiny runt. The dad died last year and when I went to pay my respects to the widow, I saw that the tree was a full grown tree now. Almost burst into tears right then and there.
Thats incredibly awesome! 
Girlfiend.
is this real???? heartstrings broken
You lucky man, congratulation!
When I visited my now wife in college I said, "You roommate is hot. How drunk do I have to get you to bang her?"  I ate a couple of peaches that night, the hopeless romantic that I am.
Dawww look at that baby face =]
Meanwhile, someone bought us a lime tree as a wedding gift. That tree died. I bought a replacement lime tree. That tree also died. I'm trying hard not to read too much into that ...
I dont see a pear tree. Or a pear for that matter. 

Looks as much like a potato as it does a pear. 

Excuse my skepticism. 
What a peach (pear) of a story ❤️
Millions of peaches, peaches for free 
A society grows great when it's old men plant trees they know that they will never  sit in the shade of. 
More like you really loved her peaches and wanted to shake her tree.
Did you take her to the peach tree dance? Because you did!
Your son is beautiful.
Life and love are so beautiful. 
I think OP is dead.
what a fairy tale thing to do, can't hate. I love this
holy shit
Hmm, just tried that on a random woman down the street. So far it’s not working. Wish me luck. 
Very cool! I planted a crape myrtle about 8 years ago at girlfriend’s house. We’re now married and it bloomed for the first time ever last year. 

For the record the crape was planted just above it’s USDA hardiness zone and it acts a perennial. I thought I protected it enough, but it rarely sprouts new growth off old wood. 
lol that sounds gay
Well done!  Did you plant the tree somewhere that would be permanently accessible, or do you still live where you lived back then?
I'm happy for you guys, op.

A lot of people think marriage is this easy, fairytale thing with white picket fences and daisies and people blowing sunshine up each other's asses.

It's actually work, sometimes *really* hard work. It can definitely be too much for a lot of people to handle, especially when they start out young.

You have a romantic backstory to your relationship and a beautiful son.

May your lives continue to be as fruitful as your lemon tree.
your son has pectus excavatum
[Their Song](https://youtu.be/wvAnQqVJ3XQ)
https://g.redditmedia.com/ANfCQ2mamhmomhCoorTuDz_vz6A54tP-T1qZjdiFfYk.gif?fm=mp4&mp4-fragmented=false&s=121fc498575c74eb101646f772266e28
Cute story. But, We all know peaches come in a can, they were put there by a man, in a factory down south. 
“Ass-hooooollle!” (Meet the Fockers”
She’s banging your best friend Garry... your son isn’t really yours.
So where is the tree? 😒
I so hope you named your kid James 
u/odnanref333
Why is this child sooo cute?!? Also this story is super sweet and the image makes it even better <3  :’’)
Wow that's nice, and your son is adorable
I bet when planted that tree you would have never guessed you'd be cleaning a happy wriggling little boy covered in peach juice someday. 

 
This is so wholesome! :) 
That’s the most wholesome thing I’ve read all week
[deleted]
[deleted]
At a time when I really needed it, this nudged me towards believing in love again. Thank you 
[deleted]
The wife and I bought a house when we were just "the girlfriend and I." In the backyard there was a peach tree, a nearly dead pear tree, and an apple tree.

The peach tree got borers last year in the trunk and we had to take it down, but one of the roots shot up and now we've got a second peach tree that I've become super protective over.

The pear tree was terribly old, not producing fruit anymore. 95% dead so we took it down too. 

The apple tree grew beyond our ability to maintain it so last year we cut back the apple tree. It was oin the rebound so only produced one apple this year which we just picked and ate today.

Last year a new tree appeared and at first I thought it was an apple tree, but this year it reached (early) maturity and we discovered it was a cherry tree, growing up from a root from our neighbour's house. Got our first 3 cherries in the backyard!

... can't wait to get pregnant... :)
You should staple some bread to it

&#x200B;
Ain't that a peach?
nice peach-up lines
ITT: People who don't know trees can grow in pots when they are still young.
Play “Peaches “ by the presidents of the United States of America “.   It will resonate with you. 
BTW...best boyfriend move ever!
Tree isn't the only thing that bore fruit.
I just finished writing the screenplay for this because of you. It’s another Ryan Gosling movie but you’re just going to have to trust me.  Sign here x______, here x________ aaaaaaaaaaaaaaand here x_______
Where dat boys’ nipples at 
Peaches are tree ovaries.
Fuck me right in the heart, this is so wholesome
Your seed, eating your seed 
That would have been a depressing as shit tree if you two didn't work out. 
My father in law planted a seed the day each of our kids were born. On their first birthday we planted it during their party. All 4 trees were planted in a row together. Each year we'd take a photo with the kids and their trees growing as they did. We just sold that house. I hope they don't cut the trees down at any point. We joked with the kids that on their 18th we'll have to sneak into the property to take a photo.
Sweet story. Your boy looks really exited for that peach.
Awww He's a cutie
This seemingly sweet story has become so controversial that I expect DJT to pipe-in with a "FAKE NEWS--NO COLLUSION!" post at any moment.
Huh? Peaches don't from trees. 

Peaches come from a can.
They were put there by a man. 
In a factory downtown. 
And if I had my little way,
I'd each peaches every day. 
Sun soaking bulges in the shade. 

https://youtu.be/Tl3rsocMnDM
Is your son named James?
He is like holy shit a peach
Just when I was losing hope in my romanticized idea of love 😭♥️
That's one of the most romantic things I think I've ever heard on Reddit. 
Omg this is so sweet and romantic! 
M mm m I HAVE R ". 
That's awesome
Love them!
[Ate a lot of peaches](https://youtu.be/vZ6INAayEJI)
"Blow up your t.v., throw away your paper
Go to the country, build you a home
Plant a little garden, eat a lot of peaches,
Try an find jesus on your own..." - John Prine 

Edit: No love for John Prine here I guess...lol 
How cool. 
I hope sometime you listen to the classic song “Spanish Pipedream” by John Prine if you don’t already know it:) your post reminded me of it. 
What a gamble!
Thanks for reminding me how lonely and sad I am rather than simply remembering this moment that is very happy for you
Way to plant, nurture, harvest and create legacy my friend !
"A man has made at least a start on discovering the meaning of human life when he plants shade trees under which he knows full well he will never [sit](https://www.roger-pearse.com/weblog/2017/08/26/a-society-grows-great-when-old-men-plant-trees-in-whose-shade-they-know-they-shall-never-sit-an-ancient-greek-proverb/comment-page-1/)."
OP plays the long game.
[removed]
.... Eric?
I could eat peach all day
Need picture of wife
Straight out of a John Prine song. 
<3 <3 <3 <3
What beautiful eyes. 
This story can be a movie!
That is a seriously adorable kid ! 
Have you read Epitaph for a Peach, or any other books by Mas Matsumoto?
I can eat a peach for hours. 
they only take a few years to grow
What can be better than this to start a new day?
My heart is warm again...
Good job 
I could eat a peach for hours.
Now, you have to make sure this tree is well and thriving. No pressure. 
Oh my gosh, this is the sweetest thing I’ve read in a long time.  May there be many generations appreciating the fruits off that peach tree.
He looks so amazed about all of this. It's fucking adorable.
Well I am ugly face crying in the best possible way!  Congratulations on your love!  
Gonna go cry now 
That just peachy. 
Okay, this is some long-term game right here. Respect, player! Your boy’s expression is adorable, too.
Lucky you, my daughter refuses to eat peaches! 
Please stop, I can only cry so much
This reminds me of the back story to The Presidents of the United States song, "Peaches": "He allegedly wrote this song after sitting under a peach tree she had in her yard while waiting for her to arrive, to finally let her know that he liked her." Man I hate that song, lol.

[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peaches\_(The\_Presidents\_of\_the\_United\_States\_of\_America\_song)#Song\_meaning](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peaches_(The_Presidents_of_the_United_States_of_America_song)#Song_meaning)
So I totally read the first line as “The first time I visited my grandma (now wife)” Lol I thought what?!?!
“ ... His name is James.”
Damn, you took a gamble on that early confident all-in, and it bore fruit.
   Very cool!!
/u/ReyhanSadin 
I hope you named him James.
Is that kid even holding a peach? It looks like a fucking potato 
Do any people call you the space cowboy?

&#x200B;

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfvftHITZPs&feature=youtu.be&t=1m38s](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfvftHITZPs&feature=youtu.be&t=1m38s)
That honestly looks more like a pear than a peach 
I have a couple of peach trees that are direct descendants of a peach tree in my grandparents' yard. Mostly the birds and squirrels get the peaches. 
So romantic
That's so lovely!
You truly are one lucky guy.
This fourm brings my soul back
Why doesn’t your kid have nipples
where tf dis bois tiddies??
I didn't think this story could get any better...... until I clicked on the pic.  What an awesome shot!!  Congrats OP, what a lovely story.  

Question:  Is your mother-in-law the pits? 
Holy hell! That's so damn so sweet I'm getting a little nauseous...

Kidding, it's really a wonderful story! 

Edit: wow. Guess everyone expects marshmallows & puppies & no sense of humor. It was supposed to be a funny way of saying it was cute. But you guys continue being cookie cutter happy. 

I even added the "kidding" part for the sensitive people. Lol, r/woooosh
I hope your wife doesn't catch you saying she used to be your "girlfiend" lol
So adorable! Congrats
r/redditgetsdrawn
This is so beautiful. It makes me want to cry at how romantic that is and at how so very lonely and single I am right now.
That's awesome..he looks about as old s mine.  Loving these moments
This is actually awesome.

Way to go OP! You win life
Who is cutting onions?
Girlfiend. Haha. Made me laugh, very nice story tho!
I love your story so much!🍑 💚🍑💚🍑
I wish I had 100 upvotes to give. ❤️
Awesome
Your girlFIEND (per the title) is clearly not much of a fiend! This is super cute, congratulations 
Is he named James?
r/wholesome
Your fruit eating your fruit! 
Look at that baby!  :P  Congrats man, that's a beautiful event. 
Sometimes dreams come true! Congratulations!

Edit. Love these random downvotes. Strong evidence for quantum effects at the macro level! VQMD (Virtual Quantum Mechanical Downvoter)
Millions of peaches, peaches for free...
Wow just wow, so cool!
My heart just fucking melted, this is so sweet 
WHOLESOME AS FUCK
OMG, you sap
That’s just wholesome and awesome. Good on you OP. 
That is such an awesome story! Your little boy is so precious too btw! I love the look on his face "ooooh look what I have". 
That's fucking awesome, man. Good for you! Always great to see stuff like this
Goddamn, that's romantic. 
ADORABLE AND WHOLESOME
My cold, dead heart just took it's first beat! Ty!
Absolutely beautiful. Good.for.you.
All the luck to the three of you. Xoxoxo
Is your son called James?
You could say hes eating the fruits of your labour
Living the American dream; a healthy family, good food, and a beautiful sunny day. Who wouldn’t love that? Not to mention peaches are delicious as heck.
Damn that sweet af.

But whyd you marry a fiend?
How big is that yard? 
*All we are saying, is give peach a chance*
My life didn't work out like that.

But I love seeing and hearing about those that have this whole thing figured out enough to get where your story puts you.
i'm more astounded by how lush that grass looks. 

all we got over here in tex right now is a sea of crunchy brown straw-like shit.
Oy beautiful son of a bitch. 
I trust love again\~
Beautiful!!!!!
Awwww 😊
Fuck, that’s cute.
Bless your beautiful family !  This is the sweetest post I've read for a while. Thanks for warming my heart 
What a beautiful story! Your son is adorable!! 
She's the cutest thing that you ever did see

You really loved her peaches wanna shake her tree...
This is fucking beautiful. Wish you guys all the happiness in the world.
I'm not crying, you're crying
Cute son... but to be honest, I was trying to get a closer look at that peach. Because I am not a kind or considerate human being. Is that peach anywhere near ready for picking?
Wow. What a beautiful child. What a beautiful sentiment. And would you believe that I was eating fresh peach pie I had just taken out of the oven, when I saw it? You, sir, have made my day. I wish you all good things.
Wow...that’s so sweet and romantic.... so many awesome things at the same time. I love love.
Beautiful eyes he has inherited 😻
That is the sweetest thing in the world!
WHO THE FUCK IS CUTTING ONIONS
I hope you named your kid James
Do some people call you the space cowboy?  Do other people call you the gangster of love?
I planted an apple tree with my second wife. We divorced, I kept the house and the tree. I mail her pictures of the apples. 
Is your son named James? Is there a Giant Peach?
My heart 😭
Aww. So sweet!
SO CUTE 
That’s fabulous!
Blow up your TV, throw away your papers
That’s awesome!
This is so precious😭😍& y'alls little boy is adorable! Congrats to all of you! Good job taking care of the tree too!
Precious
Wow
Right in the feels
I envy you. 
Hell yes.
That is so sweet ❤
Well that's a happiness level I will never achieve  haha. congrats.
#lifegoals
Life goals
Wow. Congrst dude. 
Cute!
That made water come out my eyes.

I miss my fiancee.


EDIT: And somehow my dead fiancee is worthy of so many downvotes.
the love story i’ll never have.
That's great your still eating your wife peaches
I'm not crying, you're crying!
But did you eat your wife’s peach or she just ate yours... 
*If you don't like Beatles peaches honey...please don't shake my tree...*
[removed]
Delete this pls. 

Our girlfriends will see and there is no competing with this.
