Not unlike most actor photos later in life, Abbey has gained a pound or two.
Before = left

After = right.

We agreed on this years ago

That part when he had to put her down is one of the saddest moments I ever have seen on screen.
I haven’t been this happy about anything ever 
I remember in the theatre this guy I was with said to me "dude this guy is losing his mind, hes actually talking to his dog"

If talking to your dog is crazy then call me Shellie Duvall. I have full conversations with my dog before I realize I'm even talking.
We got our GS because of this movie! What a good boye. Sadly he died 3 years ago but he died happy running at the lake chasing birds. RIP Rex. 
[deleted]
Okay, that's it.  Shaming a former celebrity from years ago by showing pictures of said celebrity today.

This must stop!
She's an absolute unit now 
Abbey is now a legend.
That movie fucked me up dood
Samantha!
He was about 10 or 11 at the time. We adopted him when He was about a year and a half old. It was a hot summer day and Rex was out running chasing stuff. Our house was on a dead end road in the country. I got a call from a neighbor thst Rex was laying near the waters edge and hadn't moved in several minutes so i rushed over there. She I got there his breathing was real shallow. He seemed to be exhausted. I just sat there with him for about 15 and he was able stand but very shaky. I put him in my car and took him to the vet. They examined him and said they couldn't find anything wrong. The said that he needed rest and water but he died in my car on the way back to the house. He was such a good boy. Not a mean bone in his body.
she looks great. *Rise up this morning
Smiled with the rising sun
Three little birds
Pitch by my doorstep
Singing sweet songs
Of melodies pure and true
Saying, "This is my message to you"*
Glad to hear the dog is still doing good. That scene has haunted my nightmares. My mother was interested in that movie, and I know she'd like it but that one scene would ruin the whole movie for her. Does anyone know if it happens in the book, I might just get that for her, for Christmas? Otherwise nope.
r e t i r e d b o y e
That dog held the entire film together. The first half is well paced and in my opinion genuinely tense. I'll forgive bad CGI because it's held in too high a regard anyway when judging movies.

The minute that doggo goes to heaven, Will Smith is suddenly out in his car, plowing down vampires and hanging off a bottle. I understood his despair at losing his last link to his old life and by extension humanity, but it was so jarring and felt completely out of place for the careful Robert Neville. Then he's doing Shrek dialogue and the rest of the film I barely remember, didn't care about the woman or the kid. 

I read the novel this year and the ending of that is absolutely brilliant, and actually explains the title. This film had two different endings, both of which were shite. But this good doggo kept me going for about at least an hour, so thanks for getting me my moneys worth good doggo.
Well, now this film has a happy ending
I had a female husky and when she would act up I would tell her I was going to  do her like Sam. She just complained like huskies do. 
"Living her best life."

She's running a MLM business on Facebook?
LEGENDS NEVER DIEEEEEEEEEEEE
Only movie I've ever cried while watching it. Kill all the people you want, but don't touch the fucking dog!
I Didn’t know how bad I needed this news until I read it.
I didnt know how much I needed to know this until this moment. Damn that scene where she dies fucked me up long-term...
Sad story, if it's not posted already. Hopefully I dont butcher it:

When Will Smith was a kid, he had a dog that got hit by a car and died. He basically told himself then that he never wanted another pet, as he couldn't go through that heart break again.

Fast forward to I Am Legend, he falls in love with this dog Abbey. The dog didnt have an owner at the beginning of shooting, but did by the end of shooting. He *begged* the owners to let him adopt the dog from them, a "name your price" kind of thing, but they basically said sorry, we have kids that are expecting this dog when shooting is over, theres nothing we can do.

Good on those parents for not just taking money over the dog their kids wanted, but I feel like it would have been amazing to know that Will Smith got to be the owner of this dog. I wonder if hes seen it since shooting, and what the dogs reaction is (or would be, if he hasn't seen her)

Edit: so someone below posted the article: https://www.today.com/popculture/will-smith-falls-love-legend-co-star-wbna22264942

Basically it wasn't a family, it was a trainer that already owned the dog, and he wanted to buy it from the trainer. Trainer said no. 
This movie wasn’t great but they absolutely nailed her death scene.


That shit was so heartbreaking. They really understood how important dogs are to people and made the pain in this scene feel so real.
This dog is legendary 
That doggo is swimming in SCHMACKOOS 
She’s a fatass 😂
Man, she really let herself go. 
Loosely relevant to post, but important information nonetheless.

If you are someone who is most hurt by doggie deaths in movies, here is a tool for you to either help avoid movies or emotionally prepare yourself for a movie: https://www.doesthedogdie.com

Hope this helps.
And I am so happy that this good good pupper is celebrating her birthday and has gotten a bit chubby on treats :)
You don't know how good that is to hear :'( SHE'S OKAY, THANK GAWD
The dogs death and the mannequin’s head turn are two stellar moments in an otherwise forgettable adaptation. 
T H I C C nah, just fat.
Someone got paid out...
My own personal canon really needed this one my dude.
This makes me so happy!
Really enjoyed the movie but I won't watch it again because of the dogs death. Same for Frankenweenie, loved it but I'll never watch it again. I can watch badguys or even good guys die left and right but a dog? Nope, no thanks.
The man who owns this lovely lady lives quite close to me here in British Columbia ! He owns a little animal shelter called Urban Safari and worked not just training animals for movies but also as a queens guard in England. The guy is super interesting and really sweet. If you live in Vancouver, go meet him on highway 15! All sorts of fun to be had at Urban Safari and they always need volunteers too!
living her best life = slightly overweight = probably quite loved
There were 2 dogs that played the dog. The other was named Kona and has passed away already. Kona was owned by an old trainer at my company . Thought this was fake news at first knowing that Kona had already passed but did a little googling and saw that there was indeed 2 german shephards they used for filming.
THICC
She really let herself go. 
My dog is named Sam after her role in the movie. Glad to see she is well!
Oh thank God
Top 10 celebrities that have gained weight 
Wow, I needed this. I really needed this. Thank you 
Will asked to keep Abbey after the movie. What a dog. 

http://www.today.com/popculture/will-smith-falls-love-legend-co-star-wbna22264942
What?? She's alive the whole time??? Don't mess with my feelings
Abbey, I cried so many years for you.
“I aint going back and forth with you bitches, i’m living my best life” 🎶
Wow.  She really let herself go. 
Just another rich retired actor getting fat now that they aren't in front of the camera.
This movie is the reason why we named our girl Sam :)
Being an obese senior gsd, probably not her best life. Those hips are probably wrecked.
here’s a story about the filming of this movie..

I used to work down in Grand Central here in NYC and one day I had to come in early only to be greeted by a ton of film crew in front of where I worked. I was told I can’t go inside and to speak to the manager. We try to get ahold of someone in the store but no one was inside because of the filming. So we ended up calling our GM and was told this was expected and that the store had an agreement with the film studio. 

An hour later we go inside and we were closed the whole day because they were filming and we still had no idea what movie this was until we peaked outside of our window and there he was, will Smith right in front of our display window talking to the director. We ended up getting served food as well.

As for the store, they had agreed to meet our hourly goal which was about $2,000 worth of merchandise. So for the next 8 hours, a group of women and men shopped like crazy and bought whatever they can. Who knows if they kept the merchandise 🤷🏻‍♂️. They had a long time to return them and they can return them to any of our stores in he city with practically no questions asked. 

We didn’t find out about the film’s title until a year or so later when it came out and we saw part of our store in the movie (it was covered in plywood but you can still see part of the awning).
Apparently I’m the only one dismayed at how obese she is. She’s 13, every extra pound is going to be tougher on her, especially if she has arthritis. She was gorgeous in the movie, now it looks like she struggles to get up. People can control their weight, for the most part, but animals rely on their caregivers and if said animal is fat, it’s the owner’s fault. Fat culture is harmful to people, so why do we laugh at ‘thicc’ animals? You’re literally killing them when you overfeed. 
Am I the only one who can see that these are two different dogs?  


The dog in the movie had black back legs.   


German shepherds change colors quite a bit in the first two years, then settle down into their adult pattern. After that, they can get some grey and fading or darkening, but their markings don't change dramatically. Like going from black legs to brown/cream with no black at all.  


Compare the whole movie dog with the photo of the old dog here. They're not the same animal. Look at the hind legs and the ears, especially. The saddle extends down the tail of the movie dog. This old dog doesn't even come close to that.  


[https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/rifftrax/images/8/8a/Iamlegend.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20140819151655](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/rifftrax/images/8/8a/Iamlegend.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20140819151655)
This "best life" phrase is very annoying. 
I needed to see this
[deleted]
Oh thank GOD I was devastated. 
Samantha! 
Really?? Omg I loved that movie and the dog
Just in case anyone is like me and needs to know before hand 
The site 
Doesthedogdie
Let's you know if the dog dies 

As well as a bunch of other things that people sensitive to or about. 
She looks good. I wonder if she's had lot of work done.
Only actress ever make me cry watching a movie. 
Fat and happy
I cried harder when he had to kill her than when he died himself... rip... :'( it was so sad
That is such an awesome, wholesome thing to know considering the movie!!!!
Good girl!
We love Abbey! : )
"Living her best life" does that mean she's selling essential oils on facebook?
She would be living her best life with all that I Am Legend money. 
This photo needs to be available in every DVD case for suckers like me to see after the scene where she dies. 

It's nice to have the emotional reassurance. 
Pretty sure he snapped that dogs neck. Can’t be her. 
She is the reason I've only seen this movie once. That scene is so so sad. I remember tearing up. I hate when dogs die in movies.......and real life. Beautiful pupper I'm glad she's alive and I hope she is happy an gets treats everyday
Two German Shepards in r/all today.... hmm
I can't listen to "Three Little Birds" without picturing a dog getting strangled to death. I like that song. And I like dogs. Sad.
Fun Fact:

My immediate family purchased one of the stunt double German Shepherds from one of the animal trainers that worked on this movie set. Her name is [Susan R. Hanson](https://www.imdb.com/name/nm1020505/?ref_=ttfc_fc_cr1180). She also trained the cat in Stuart Little, along with other animals in other movies. Very nice lady, beautiful dog.

&#x200B;

Less Fun Fact:

One of the puppies that came from a different dog we bred was also named Abbey.
Hope her and Will can have a reunion
Thank you.
This is news i needed to know. 
The book was better. 
That good boy made me cry
This is the kind of positivity I need in my life. 
Making me tear up just thinking about this scene. Long live Abbey
Really happy about this.
I call BS.  I saw Will Smith kill it with his hands.
The part where she runs into the dark building and he chases after her is the source of my anxiety today
12 year old me is breathing a massive sigh of relief right now.
http://www.ladbible.com/entertainment/film-and-tv-abbey-the-dog-from-i-am-legend-is-now-13-and-living-her-best-life-20180914
oh wow, my brain can finally recover from her dying in the movie.
SAMANTHAAAA!!! 😭😭😭
The reason I wanted a German Shepherd!! So smart! So loyal! ;) Glad to see healthy and still kicking it! Haha
Looks like she stopped tanning. Thats awesome

Oh, thank you for this. This is the best news. 
Hey! I named my German Shepherd off of this dogs character. 
I shed so many tears over her! So happy to know she's enjoying retirement. Now to convince myself she's immortal.
Oh weird. She looks older than she did back then. It's cool that Will Smith is posing with her too.

edit: Oh. You put the before picture on the right and the after picture on the left like a heathen. ಠ_ಠ 
YESS!!
/u/jav099 chance Ky salga en la sequel ajajaja
Dude this makes me so happy. The scene where he had to put her down had me ugly crying. Snot running down my nose and hiccups afterwards. Thank you for givinge closure. 
So glad you posted this.  I hated her dying. I can watch the film again knowing she's ok.
She’s an old shepherd living life to the fullest, being slightly overweight is nothing as long s she isn’t living with degrenerative hip displacica and deafness. Loved the movie and its story and glad to see she’s living and enjoying life. Let’s see more of her doing shepardy things!
Doggo got fatto
What about his dog from Independence Day...?
I needed this. Thank you OP. Abbey is safe and not a zombie dog. 
This one single post has completely uprooted my devastation for her death in that movie. Knowing she is still alive and well I can die happily now.
A good round baby
Here's to one of the best characters in one of the best movies ever
How did they turn Sammy from a zombie...also pretty lucky they found him from all the other zombie dogs
I’m so happy to know she’s okay because I cried like a baby when she died 
My 16 year old dog died a few years ago and this was the movie my bf put on to distract me. I started sobbing at the DVD menu.. 
I didn't know I needed to know this until now
I would pack on some lbs to if I wasn't running from zombies anymore. 
The scene where Will Smiff chokes her to death ruined that Bob Marley song for me.
I was literally just thinking about this dog today... let me think about winning the lotto now
I promised a friend I would say hello to you today. Hello. 
What a chubby doggo
In my film as lit class we had to pick a scene in a movie and dissect all the different shots used in it, and some kid picked the scene where he has to put this dog down.  The teacher ignored our pleas to make the kid pick a different scene, and 90% of the class left the room for his presentation.
This was closure that I needed 
Her death scene made me cry
First doggie Oscar needs to go to this dog. 
Hey I worked on this! Literally one of my favorite films to have worked on. The death scene was gut wrenching to watch. Happy to see she’s still around. 
Legend ):
I can't even tell you how much better this makes me feel.
When she died in that movie my heart literally broke. 
SHUT THE HELL UP SHE LOOKS PERFECT 😭😭❤️❤️❤️😂😂
First post I ever seen to hit 100k. I am glad he is doin well.
You can't possibly think that's the same dog. People on Reddit are fucking delusional.
Full article here <3 http://www.ladbible.com/entertainment/film-and-tv-abbey-the-dog-from-i-am-legend-is-now-13-and-living-her-best-life-20180914
Will Smith killed the dog in the movie. Nice try.
I thought this dog turned in to a monster and died though 
Saw the movie once. Will never see it again. Glad to hear the dog is OK.
The dog on the left doesn’t even look like the dog on the right. Different coloring and patterns. 
Really let herself go. Guess that’s what fame does to you.
[source](http://www.ladbible.com/entertainment/film-and-tv-abbey-the-dog-from-i-am-legend-is-now-13-and-living-her-best-life-20180914)
She didn’t turn!! The cure worked! 
You think that's sad? Have you not seen The Fox and the Hound? 😭
I’m sorry, you must be mistaken because Will Smith has to put that dog down in the movie when it turned into the zombie thing. 
Doesn't look like the same dog
I saw this movie a few days after I had to put my dog down, not knowing about that scene. So happy she is now the legend.
Even though I see she’s alive and is a real-life doggo.:.. I still won’t watch that movie.  The fictional death of a fictional god character is too god damn much for me to commit to.
I heard Will wanted to buy her really bad after filming 
Yeah, she's good.
That’s Samantha!
I am crying 
Thank you. I can watch the movie again reminded that she's still alive.
Okay this offsets the pic of the german shepards on r/pics.   
That movie made me ugly cry
We had to put down my first ever dog at the age of 14 a few months before this movie came out. I’ll never forget the scene where Will Smith’s character realizes his dog was gone and was turning into one of those monsters and has to do away with her himself. Killed me to watch. Wept like a child.
I had a GS too his name was Tommy that bastard lived to be 17 I remember when he was 15 we were all wondering if he was immortal or not
Why you gotta give me horrible flash backs maaaaan? :'( glad she is doing good! 
Ol girl got thicc 
The movie was good until that part when we actually see the CGI creatures. It then broke the suspension of disbelief with how terrible they looked. But boy did it recover when Samantha fought against those vampire dogs and then later had to be put down. Good Lord that was sad.
Glad to know the dog's still kicking it
I need more “Where are they now: dogs.”
Love that movie
There was a bunch of GSD’s used for that movie (my old boss’ dog was one of them)
didn't she die? im really confused...
I WATCHED HER DIE HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE 
Wait... didn’t she die?
I have cried so many tears over this dog's death and you're telling me that its alive??????
THICC
Still waiting for a video game based on that concept and done well.
What is it with American films and killing animals? Any time a dog appears, my involvement dissipates, because it's sure to get murdered.
Hold up wait she didn't die what
Didn't they have 2 dogs play Sam? 
I love knowing that she's being taken care of and want just discarded after her career ended. 
Great movie and doggie!! 
Samantha!
Fuckin eh that’s awesome I cried so much when he had to kill that dog
She looks like a kangaroo
Pretty sure that dog died in the movie. Nice try! 






/s
I never knew that I needed to know this till now
Gordita!
I always considered that dog the best aspect of that movie....after that not so much.
My husky german looks like her. Protects me from my other asshole dog too like in the movie.
I'm glad she's doing so well!
I cried over this dog
Actually I heard she had to retire cause she got caught sexually harassing her trainer.
Wilson?
The book was a million times better than the simplistic Hollywood movie adaptation. So much potential but they squandered it.
Its amazing cause seeing her alive now makes up for literally the most heart wrenching moment in movie history.
SSSSAAAAMMMMMM! 😖 Mad at this movie for life. 
Legendary. 💯💯
I was holding it together during 'that' scene until he yelled her full name.  Lost it hard after that.
Chunky girl
It was so long since i watched that great movie and i remember that scene when Smith has to kill her and I always cry.Great movie
That scene, though... Great movie.
Omg. I cry every time at that part. And after in the store when he's just like talk to me!
Did they do makeup on her snout? It looks like they did in the photos
Why does she look like a kangaroo? Hahahha. But man when she died and was protecting Will Smith, that felt like a heart jerker. I can't really watch that movie because that scene makes me so broken. 
Can’t believe I Am Legend is 13 years old now.
I can’t watch that movie ever again, that scene makes me tear up just thinking about it 😢
She looks better than will smith
Best where are they now update.
Scared the shit out of me, thought you were announcing her death. 
Girls thicc now
Don’t look similar maybe the lighting 
https://www.doesthedogdie.com

Check this site if you don't like movies and shows where the dog doesn't make it. 
great movie. Title could be better.
ha i just looked up how the dog was doing because i saw a meme featuring an ar15 and a german shepherd and i come back to this on here 
I cried like a bitch when she died on screen 
That might be true except that the darker coloration on the face is different.. unless they... put makeup on the dog??
#THICC
Share this news with /r/OldManDog too!
That dog and her owner probably have more money than most of us ever will. 
Shes not alive... I saw the movie
Fun random fact I *just* learned, the kid from this movie is Wyatt from the series Ozark.
I think I remember reading that He became so attached to Abbey that he offered to buy her from her owner but they refused.
Doggy doggy what now?

*laugh track*
SAM!!!!
I just care if the dog is OK in a movie lol 
Sam! !!!
Don’t watch Hatchi either.
I watched that dog die. Don’t lie to me. 
She has had a little too many zombie dogs to eat I see.
I remember how the reveal it was a girl dog was oddly upsetting. Like, it made the death somehow worse. Which even at the time was very weird.


That said the ending of I Am Legend sucked donkey balls.
I saw her died tho.
I thought she was bit by the zombie people and had to be put down?
This is my favorite post of the day 
Not trying to troll: But how is this possible? The movie was released in 2008, which means it was shot in 2007 probably (11 years ago). Can you really make such a move with such an inexperienced dog (1-2 years old)?
 Get a JOB
wish I could say the same for her role in the movie
omg for a sec there I thought it was bad news ... peeww
I always thought they used a bunch of similar looking dogs for the movie?
They only used one pup
I'm sure she's lovely but she helped ruin that story.
How’s the puppy version doing?
Omg yes! I cried so hard when he killed Marley in the movie. This just made my day.
I am happy to hear this.   The first time I watched this movie and it got to that part I said, "If you kill the dog I will stop watching."  It happened and click, I turned it off.  Was a good 8 months later before a friend made me finish it.
I cried when she died in the movie
Samantha :(
SAAAAAAAAAM!
I cant listen to "3 little birds" anymore thanks to that movie.
By the way there is a website called Doesthedogdie.com , I always check it if I get suspicious
Saw in the theater for the Dark Knight 5 minute preview.  Stayed because I felt like ugly crying over a dog death.
I'm glad to see he revived her and cured her, but he let her grow alittle huh?
Is it the new thing to say someone is "living their best life" now? That's cool that it has become trendy to believe in multiple lives. I dig it.
Ok, now somebody give me good news about Boomer.
Sort of off topic but. Has anyone read the book? It’s amazing and dark af. Instead of a black dude it’s an old white guy that hates black people. There’s no dog but he does bury his wife only for her to come scratching at the door begging to come in later that night. Then in the end there’s no happy ending. He just gets crucified by the vampires. Well worth reading before I just spoiled it. 
This makes me feel nice. I may have cried when she died in the movie..
Man I loved that movie
In terms of dog money a blockbuster like that she's living the good life
Fuck yeah
I doubt this. Don’t they usually have a couple dogs on set? Marley and me had like 20 dogs. I know they were for different stages of the dogs life but each stage had a couple stand ins. I would assume they had 2 or 3 shepherds. I’m not the most well read though. I’ve been wrong many times before. I think Joe Demaggio had a hand in killing JFK. Guy bangs the ex wife of the most famous Italian in New York and gets his head blown off is not too far fetched. Probably believed JFK got her killed. It’s a crazy world we live in. I bet there were two dogs though. 
I hope it is a long time from now but that bitch better have a great funeral. 
why is it that Will Smith so often in his career worked with animals?
She so cute and rolly polly
This is gonna sound stupid, but I'm out of the loop, why are people saying, "I'm living my best life" all of a sudden. Like, I think I get what it means, but what's the origin of people saying it a bunch now? 

I hadn't heard it before this year, now I hear it a lot 
I wonder how dogs process things like movie sets. Like is it basically the same as doing tricks in the backyard to them? Is it stressful?
He's sitting weird these days, huh?
You have no idea how happy this post makes me. Especially cuz they had to fucking kill the dog in the movie...
I wonder if she like working with Will Smith? Lol
What a cutiee! She gained some weight too
Big chillin!
woof
Her male co-star got paid hundreds of millions more than she did. Unfair. 
I needed to see this!
When there is a dog in a movie the dog dies. I won’t watch it. Too sad. 
That's not the same dog...
I heard Will Smith tried paying an insane amount of cash for this dog.
Samantha!
Thicc

She looks like rather husky.
One of my favorite movies ever!! 
DON’T LIE TO ME I SAW HER DIE IN THE MOVIE 😭
Oh she plump. I love her. 
I hate when they break the lore - someone grab the shotgun.
but I swore she died in the movie...
If that movie was any good that dog might have a career 
Boy, what a book that was. I liked the movie, but the book was better. Richard Matheson, RIP, great author.
Didn't Will Smith want to buy her afterwards and the owner was like "No"?
It's almost like she never died at all
I would not recognize movie animals. I wonder if it's always the same animals stars but nobody expects them on the red carpet
Here legend will live on forever. She is truly a good loyal girl
She survived! And is rich from the movie. Thought the dog was named Sam.
this is the best news
I cried because of that dog in that movie
She’s a happy, old-girl!
Before I am Legend.. Ive never cried because of a movie.... but that choking scene.... it got me hard :'(
Maybe now I can listen to, "Everything's gonna be alright" without crying. 
Thank you and the Lord for this, that scene scarred me emotionally. 
"'Cause every little thing gonna be alright"
I thought you died! 
I thought you were dead!

I cried for you! 
The dog's death scene is the reason I can't bring myself to rewatch I Am Legend.
THATS A HUGE BITCH
I needed a trigger warning for this post 
Thank god
Fake news. Abbey had to be put down... He had to. It was a sad moment in the movie.
Wait I thought he killed her though
Great actor
OMG this is the best news I've heard in a while. 
wow 
SAAAAMMM❤️❤️❤️ 

Dude, she’s part of the reason that I’m no doubt getting a German Shepard when I settle down 
Seeing her pretend die in the film makes me extra glad to see her in good health....
That might have been the hidden trauma of my life and I perhaps just regained my will to live.
She thicc 😩shawtie done glowed up 
this makes me feel better because i was so sad when the dog died in the movie. 
I'm on mobile. Where is the fact check?
I needed to see this
This is the best update.
Wait I thought he killed that dog
Good.  It kinda ruins movies for me if an animal dies...
She is now thicc!
T
H
I
C
C
Uhh Will Smith killed that dog so this is fake news
I was so sad when that scene with the dog happened, Smith played this really well! 
She looks exactly what a 13 year old dog would look like
Dang, she lived way longer in real life, especially for a shepherd 
Needed this closure. 
Awwwhh she was just a baby back then <3
I thought Will Smith adopted her
Dogs color patterns don't match
This is adorable and I’m all for it but can we talk about how every before/after post has had the pictures posted as after/before?
Didn't Will Smith adopt the dog after shooting the film?
This dog is the reason I have my 6 year old female shepherd named Sam! 

She was such an amazing companion in the film that I immediately felt the need to get one myself. 
Not only did this dog gain/lose weight but he/she has been exposed to hair dye/bleach. Abbey is a true Hollywood starlet
Yay!!!
Thank god. Abbey made me sob 
Is this a backwards before after? Or did the dog get really fat?
I heard Will Smith wanted to adopt her after the movie but she already had a family.
Thank you!
She let herself go a bit. 
What a coincidence I just watched this movie for the first time last night, I suffered for Sam most of the movie.
Glad the neck breaking and virus worked on her. 
This makes me so happy!  That movie was ruined for me when the doggy died. Which sucks cause I really like the rest of the movie and the storyline. 
Oh thank god 🙌🙌
Just finished watching Sam die about 30 minutes ago.
I remember going to see this in the theater around Christmas of '07 because right after my family saw it, we went to humane society and I adopted my first dog which the staff had coincidentally named Samantha "Sam" (the same as the dog in the movie btw) and I kept the name. Such a great movie and I definitely cried when she died in the movie. 
She ain’t barking back and forth with no woofers
he looks like a big corgi in the picture on the left 
Thank you for reminding me I love this dog and love this movie I have now added it to my collection. Does the dog get royalties?
Abbey was always living her/his best life 
#Praise be to the newest Champion of Reddit, u/Travellingtrex!

[Let us not forget the Champions of yore...](https://www.reddit.com/r/ChampionsOfReddit/)
Talented boi
What a chunk master
Named my dog Sam after the dog in this movie. 
That dog made more money in a couple of months that I ever did in years
No. She turned into a zombie thing and had to be put down 
That movie was fake as hell. I knew Fresh Prince didnt kill him. 
I cry every time I watch the seen where she dies. So glad she’s alive!!! Lol
I still think about her so it’s good to see her!
Oh, shit :O.

One of the best movie and respect!
HER NAME IS SAM, HOW DARE YOU
Senior doggo like hoomans have wisdom in their eyes
Oh my god I thought you were going to say she died. I’m so happy she’s alive, she was such a good dog in that movie.
and just like that the trauma this movie caused me is resolved.
She holds a special place in my heart 💜 
My favorite movie ever. Nice to see she’s doing well. 
awww hi Abbey
I wept for this dog. It was an ugly cry
What manga is this
It always makes me sad to come to a thread with the intent of making an original joke only to see it’s been made about a dozen times 
is abbey a bit of an absolute unit?
Omg so random af but swear, at rehab me and a some people would convince people this dog, the owners dog.. was that dog and it was in Lake Arrowhead, California. 
This makes me so happy.
Thank for telling me his is still alive and alright. My heart stopped when he died in the movie. ❤️
Oh god.... now I remember his dog getting bitten.... :'(
Saddest part of the movie. That part almost mafe me dislike the entire movie, but I got a grip and understood it was only pretend time. Thus pic is sweet relief.
Really beautiful pictures 
That was the worst part of the movie for me.  Never watched it again as a result.
This looks like a before and after photo of Kirstie Alley
I've read the original book. It is ***very*** different from any of the movies.
