I’m no zoologist, but I’ve heard that chimps don’t hug as a greeting, it’s their communication of fear...
Brothers don't shake hands! Brothers gotta hug!
Wow this is too pure for this world 
My heart just exploded with all kinds of emotions watching that. 
Source? I bet the story behind this is different than the subject.
Trauma bonding...these are stolen monkeys. I dont support this
This is not priceless, it's incredibly sad. They are desperately clinging to each other out of fear. They should be with their moms. Primatologists have commented on this video in the past, they are too young to be separated and are scared.
And that my friends, is brotherly love
I doubt these two are brothers.

Chimps give birth to one young at a time, and these two are the same size (and thus the same age), so they’re more likely just friends.

And aside from the fact chimps make horrible pets, the illegal trade in poached chimps is really a byproduct of the bushmeat trade (shoot the adults for meat and maybe there are some babies left), and it doesn’t extend into the US. 
The kisses at the end!
Didn't someone post on the other thread of apes hugging that, that's a sign of nervousness not happiness.
r/LikeUs 
this is from 2016 and it has nothing to do with being rescued. Stop making stuff up.
The title reads exactly like a Buzzfeed headline/title...
Incredible! I hope they stay reunited! 
Tears police... yeah this post right here
Oh my heart.  Too precious. 
So, how did the caretakers know those to chimps were related when they were at the separate facilities? Were the previously chipped or something??


I'm not trying to be facetious, I'm genuinely curious on how the NGOs figured it out. 
This reminds me of every time my son runs and gives me a giant hug. There's nothing better. 

How the hell did I get sand in my eyes...
Two brothers. In a van.
This gif has been posted a hundred times with a hundred different stories. Yeah it's cute, but OP has no clue what's going on and is full of shit. 
Jesus god how can anyone experiment on primates.  Just despicable.
I'm not crying. You're crying. 
Chimps should be reclassified as Homo Troglodytes and given human rights protections, dammit! 
monkeys on leashes always gives me a weird discomfort feeling 
Don’t chimps usually only give birth to one young at a time? They’re the same age so I doubt that they’re brothers. I also doubt that legit rescue facilities would leash train chimps.
If these primates can feel the horror and pain of separation and the joy and relief of reunification, how much more so would our fellow human beings? And how worthless is it to contrive any distinction between races or nationalities? 
Yeah I'm gonna need a longer video please.
Oh, sure, but when I kiss my brother on the mouth, all of a sudden it's "traumatizing" to his "wife" and "children". Double standards. 
[removed]
I swear I'll never eat monkey again.
Awwwwwwwww. They look like monchichi.
Reminds me of that children’s book, “Hug.”
What’s an NGO?
I thought last time this was reposted people said this is a reaction from stress. Op what is your source so we can confirm please?
I work with two troops of chimpanzees 9 hours a day, been doing it nearly six years. These beautiful creatures are so like us its uncanny. Their range of emotions, thought processes, group politics are absolutely fascinating. First job I've had I love to go to every morning and I see myself doing it until I'm too old to carry on.
What’s the current story with them?  They didn’t separate them again right?  RIGHT?
I wish I knew someone who loved me this much. Lol
Its just called 2 brothers!!
NGO?
#Non-Human Person ♥️
They're scared. Poor little guys.
Two brothers! *chuckles* it's just called two brothers!
It's unsettling to see them do this while on leashed
It's just called two brothers. 
If you find this amazing, you should see what people do after 0 days of knowing each other shortly after meeting drunk or being matched on tinder
I’m a human only child jealous of two monkeys that have a bond I will never experience. It hurts but is beautiful to watch at the same time.
And there’s people who say animals don’t have feelings
r/likeus
I lost my big brother 3 months ago this was awesome and sad at the same time
MY HEART JUST EXPLODED.
my brother bullies me relentlessly.
They are so incredibly precious!!!
r/likeus
OK so basically I am monky
“Give me a hug; no homo...sapien” - Chimp probably.
Literal r/animalsbeingbros
Is it just me, or do they come together to make a heart shape at the end? ❤️ 
I needed that. Thanks for sharing.
We don’t give animals nearly enough credit. 
I love this, I just kinda wish they had those harness things for preschoolers rather than putting something around their neck 🙁
I wish someone loved me this much.
Just r/likeus
They know. 
I don't like the leashes. Let them free when they're reuniting w family.
Just so heartbreaking. 
Kind of ruins the whole “aww” moment when you realize their still in leashes
I didn't realize that hugging wasn't exclusive to humans. Also, cute!
monkeys on leashes always gives me a weird discomfort feeling 
This is so damn cute
I wonder how long they were separated? 
Aww little babies
Now I need to call my brother
what is an NGO?
r/likeus
[deleted]
Pure 100% love 
Straight bro-down-bananas 
Omfg.😍
Shouldn’t they be in a jungle somewhere?
The monkey lineage is absolutely fascinating. Primates for the win! <3
Rescued from what thier natural habitat?
Sometimes you see something that reminds you that amongst all the horrible shit in the world these days, no matter how increasingly hard it is to sift through and find, there are things all around us that show what a truly beautiful place this planet can be.

Day officially made. 
Just awwww
I can't stop watching 
Nibbas
I'm not crying, you're crying...
Well this title is 100% wrong, but I don't want to upset anybody with what is really going on here.
Something about seeing monkeys on leashes really gives me the creeps.
Where did these fucking onions come from? 

**Sniff**
'Bitch, get over here!!'


'Up yours!! Have a taste of my bear hug!!' 
kiss me brother
Sweet home Alabama 
I hope they ended up staying together at whatever NGO and then released together... 
Me when I meet another black person when travelling abroad
My brother got mugged last night, and this really hit me. He got 3 fractures: two in his head and one in his face. I love the guy so much, and he's had a lot of bad shit happen to him recently. He was so sad telling me how he was sorry and that he fucked up. He's a good guy and doesn't deserve any of it. I'm gonna tell him how much I love him and take him on a bro date this week.
This made my Sunday night, how beautiful.
This is a display of sentient animals. Animals do have feelings and memories. This is a prime example. Stop animal testing!
That’s gay
r/wholesomegifs 
A monkey on a string.
Evolution is real. 
So are humans
Oh my God, this has me crying.
This is what I needed to see, after listening to the 911 call after Charla Nash was attacked by a chimp.

They are meant to be free, not pets. Good work, NGOs.
Full of love <3
❤️❤️❤️
Crazy to think we're related. Wonderful little fellas. 
Let’s hope they’re not named Cain and Abel
Chips are evil as fuck tho... 
[Here's a pic of the father of these two, he has muscles like corded steel](https://i.redd.it/y5mwj0sgvln11.jpg)
I'm glad I make an effort to by cruelty free products. 
Maa brotha!
I hope they get to visit or live with each other 
Unbelievable  
But do they have a van and then a meteor hits? 
Oh my.. Someone is chopping onions 
This is too cute and makes my heart happy
My heart!!!
Wow how adorable 
HUG ME BROTHER
Cool 

Brotherly Love
r/likeus
I wanna hug them both
Pure love. ♡
😭😭
This is too cute
I feel as if I'm not worthy to see this 
It is me bröther!
I missed you 🤗 
r/likeus
Huiiii ma'am and 
Oh man that’s just to cute!!
Oh my god! How freaking cute is that!
r/eyebleach
Dude. These are people. Like. How do you look at this and see animals. These are people. 

They love each other. They thought about each other. They are people. 

I’m an emotional drunk. 
Yes, humans are the only species who have emotions...............
Hmmm, I tried to make a snarky comment then was forced to realize /r/suddenlyincest is an actual thing in honor of another thing.
Let’s make it a group hug.
Two brothers, in a van...and then a meteor hits!
Sooo sweet I almost can’t stand it. 
How about some slack on those leashes, jeez!
It's all fun and games until the alpha comes over and eats them.
1 second in and I started to tear up!  Got me right in the feels!
The cute is breathtaking 
WE ARE BROTHERS!
Amazing to me how animals could have these human -like gestures. We don't deserve them 
Its sobering watching how similar they are to humans. Evolution is so real and powerful 
This makes my eyes sweat. 
Jeez-Us!! This melts my heart!!!!!
nice black chinchompas
Look at those things...........could tear you to shreds
Take the monkeys off the leash you chumps
Love this. Makes me happy.
This video triggered diabetes.  Worth it.
r/likeus
What a beautiful moment 
How’d they figure out these guys were bros?
And that's when things got knocked into 12th gear
FINE take my upvote
Two brothers. In a van. And then a meteor hit.
/u/thunder_mc
I wish i had brothers like that :/ 
so beautiful. TT\_TT
Did they have them on leashes because they didn't know how'd they react? 
Who said monkeys are ugly. 
This is the most beautiful thing
I have ever seen
Please tell me these brothers were allowed to spend the rest of their lives together and not separated again.
r/JustLikeUS
❤️❤️❤️
u/remotectrl 
R/likeus
r/likeus
Fucking keep them together now damnit! Why did they need to be separated??
At least take the leash off the fucking things Jesus. 
Why you got these people on leashes?
For someone that's about as masculine as it gets... I think that's the sweetest thing I've ever seen in the animal kingdom.
Super cute 
This is so touching. I hope they get to stay together. 
Now imagine migrant families being reunited after forced separation
That's amazing. 
Did he show him da wae? 
I can’t imagine liking my siblings that much. Happy for these little fellas :’) 
Love it!!
This is what love looks like. 
Neck collars ruin the mood a little...
Somebody take the fucking leash off
Okay, that’s fucking adorable!
r/likeus
I'm not crying..
Heart melted. 
I hope they never have to be separated again
The love in that hug can be felt by anyone watching❣
First Monkey: MONKEY NEEDS A HUG!

Second Monkey: MONKEY LOVES YOU!
u/remotectrl 

u/Ultimategrid 

u/randomosaur 


I love this scene <3
Second to human are these creatures, and yet their emotions are more intense than human
Omg is he giving him kisses?
Green leash pats blue leash on the back “alright chill man”
Even though I’m not too fond of monkeys in general, this is definitely one of the cutest things I’ve seen today.
The leashes still make me me sad... Like the won't be together very long.
Not sure this is r/aww or r/heartbreaking why the fuck are we such assholes
OMG BABIES
Bros for life
I can assure you, my brother and I have never hugged like that. 
My brother and I are to awkward to show that much love towards another.
What is an NGO?
I will never not have the time to stop and watch a video of baby monkey brothers hugging, or a baby elephant taking his first steps and learning how to walk, or two dogs playing tetherball. Thank you Reddit.
They have a strong bond!
This is the best thing I've seen in a long time
Yeah, but animals are food, right?
Take off those leashes! They'll be happier together
Find someone who will hug you as tight as those 2 adorables
My heart feels funny. 
Moments like this is why I can't bring myself to eat chimp meat. :')
It's just called two brothers. 
he didnt say no homo...
They were both cool with the hug but it seemed like one was a little uncomfortable with the kiss.
As a mother of two young human boys, this has hit me in the feels hard!
😁
OMG as a twin, I can totally relate to this.
Stop,..it's too late to have this many feelings
Wish I was monkey :c
Build them a castle 
HO.  LEE.  SHIT.
I don't know, man. That this separation and rescue even happened is depressing AF.
Jesus, look at that thing. Itll fuck you up
❤️❤️❤️ 
My heart just melted!
r/mademecry
The sweetest thing! ❤
LMAO I thought this was about refugees meeting in Europe after reading the title. Was a little confused when I first saw chimps. Coming from r/all of course 
This is actually adorably fuckin sad. I've rescued two sets of sibling cats and I kept them all because I didnt want to separate them. People can be heartless thinking animals dont have feelings. 
i wonder  the reaction from the staff when they saw that
Any proof these are brothers?  Maybe just playmates! 

TWO BROTHERS
Bro, the cameras.  Yeah.  
Cute when babies, but adult chimps are the stuff of nightmares
This more sad then funny lol these monkeys been through it
Those things will tear you to shreds
Plz don't tell me they were split up again
Better every loop 
Wow, this made me want to go hug the brother I never had. Guess my cat will have to suffice. This is such an awesome moment.
This is just fills my heart with such joy
I thought they were lovers until I read the title
It’s like seeing a sibling that you love an care for many years later. 
"No, I don't want to kiss you on the lips"
I would pay $5 to watch this live were it possible to package and sell such an experience.
Brothas*
Every time I watch a video of monkeys they keep seeming more similar to us humans.
I just realized that monkey eyes remind me of Furbys.
vali-sugreev
Are they really that close to us?

Edit:  I mean like that. 

Edit: you know what I mean 
Holy shit. This is pretty incredible. Hugging is such a human thing to do. 
So they could actually recognize each other 
Woow....
Damn. That melted my heart. 
I had a rough day and this made me cry tears of happiness! Thanks op!
Hugging chimps ALWAYS get an upvote 
Two brothers. In a hug. And then the cuteness hit. And they ran as fast as they could. From their masters. And then the kissies came. And that's when things got knocked into twelfth gear...
Incredible! Thank you for sharing this. Just what I needed going into a Monday! 
anyone mildly uncomfortable with them wearing leashes? 
Everything in this video made my eyes wet, including the leashes 
This made me tear up...
This makes me happy
Two brothers? Are these guys I saw in Alien Invasion Tomato Monster Mexican Armada Brothers who are just Regular Brothers Running in a Van from an Asteroid?
Awww they are kissing. Saw recently test chimps released in a preserve who hugged each other when they realized they were free.
Holy crap.....this.......is........wonderful......period.
r/combinedgifs
So beautiful and moving. 
Dillion, you son of a bitch!
Just two brothers
I hope they get to live a happy life together 
Lol but there's a lot of kids being separated from their siblings, family because of politics.
That’s like me and my girlfriend after work every night. We have issues to say the least. 
Bring a tear to my eye ;)
Too touching! I love it!
Been a while since reddit made me feel the feelz 
This made my heart smile 
r/likeus
When I run up to my twin brother and start making out with him, I get looked at like a freak.
Aw they look like my nephews. It’s sweet. 
How do they recognize each other as brothers?
This is me when I look in the mirror. 
Awe 😍
This is actually sad.....
EXCELLENT exhibition of natural love and appreciation.  Tell me that this has a happy ending as far as their continuing lives.
r/likeus
Been a huge fan of apes since the new planet of the apes movies.
Are the brothers together forever now?
Ugh these angels.
This is why I'm against animal testing...god damn. 
This is beautiful. It’s incredible how close to human chimpanzees are. We definitely “come” from them... or from the same line. I want to support this kind of reunion.
Aww just like us
Aww

And we still put primates in zoos for some reason
Brothers … reunited … on a city street … in leashes …

Not likely
Imagine humans met in an alien slavery camp.
r/gifsthatstarttoolate should be a thing. 
My heart melted watching this..
They used to work at the same company and run into each other here and there, so they were familiar with each other before being reunited for a 60 Minutes special and giving each other a hug
This is probably the saddest thing I’ve seen for a while. Makes me feel horribly for the ones who never see each other again. They totally 100% suffer when they lose their family - :(
Humans aren't the only primates with love...empathy...
Have tears in my eyes. I'm so happy they were reunited. It just amazes me how smart they are.
I'm not crying your crying
Is hugging innate???
My heart is so full
Big hug
My own brother doesn’t even greet me like that. 
“Bro, They got you too!?”
That was so cute lol
Joe Rogan is somewhere watching this and smiling ear to ear. 
r/likeus
They’re just like us!
Lol ..xxx
The fact that they remember at such young age. Yet we cant remember what we did last night let alone being 6 months old like what these guys do. Animals in general are brilliant creatures yet we take them for granted. They each have a purpise in life big or small just like us 
Wow my heart 
Oh my heart...cuteness overload
Kiss like guys
"Animals aren't sentient" "animals have no emotions"
Brothers are priceless.
Ever seen something so beautifully cute that it actually hurts? I am in excruciating pain watching this sweet sight. 
Truly aww
We need laws which increase protection (legal status of) for sentient beings like monkeys, elephants, delfines etc. We can’t continue causing this level of suffering, it’s just not sustainable and justifiable.
Sceptic here...chimp twins are exceedingly rare. In all the time Dr Jane Goodall studied chimps she recorded only three sets, and usually,  one of the set will perish. This generates a nice fuzzy warm feeling and all, but i call bullshit. 
me when my brother comes back from college for the weekend. 
Oh my!! 😍😍😍
Wait til they become adults. Chimpanzees are evil little sociopaths 
Wonderful joy
Omg.. I didn’t know I could feel anything until now 😭
Evolution baby!!! 
I hope they get to stay together now?
This is so sweet but so sad. They can’t be together???
Literally r/animalsbeingbros
This is so heart-touching. 
I dont think primates hug in this fashion to show affection towards each other. Plus i dont think they can even tell who each other are since their carried individual scent is long gone.
bros before NGOs
I just watched War for the Planet of the Apes.
r/likeus
They should remove the collar round their neck
My heart melts. They are so much like us....or us like them.
Wait till they are told to share a mobile phone and Netflix account ......
HA! GGGAAAAYYYYYYY
Omg!!!!! My heart!!!!!
And they say we are related to this species 
Miss me with that ___ shit
I'm in tears. Not sure if it's just me.... 

Eta: buddy on the right is definitely the big brother. 
It's just noon here, but I know for sure this is the most wholesome thing I would have seen today. Thanks for making my day.
BFSM - Brother From Same Mother 
So can chimps be people yet or nah 
very emotional!
Jesus this world is harsh
This is the sweetest video ever.
AHHHH LOVE IS AMAZING:)
Is this how socks feel when they reunite after the laundry?
Makes my heart melt
Where can I buy monkey brothers?
Waiting for the comment that says that this actually them trying to kill each other.

edit. not exactly, but found it. https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/9idalb/two_brothers_were_rescued_and_treated_at/e6iz6ha/
r/suddenlygay ?
Nice
It just shows that animals have feeling too. It's so pure I cannot :')
ALL the feels in 3 seconds!
I'm watching this with two of my boys literally lying on me. A 2yo and a 4yo. If these two chimps really were brothers, my experience tells me they'd be killing each other. 
Sweet babies.
Never seperate them again! 
Nothing like brotherly love
This really shows the humanity in monkeys. Wonderful!
Someone give this dude a gold.
They kept us apart for too long brother, now it begins...
this is why i demand less than 4 billion people on this earth. imagine a world full of space for our fellow earthroommates. scenes like this everywhere and only half the pollution. please, people, not more than 2 kids a family and we can make this world a better place for all inhabitants, not only for us.
Humanity
Only if human brothers were able to do this!
The leashes make me sad. 
Melt my heart:)
No NGO would keep them on a leash.  This is a pet trade or exploitation in some other way!
Ppl shouldn't keep their children on leashes
Adorable levels off the charts <3 
This is true family love
This is adorable 
HUMANS WANT MEDICINES HUMANS TEST THEM ON HUMANS!!!
Hug! That's the true reunion greet... Beautiful moment! 
Damn, we really are just advanced apes. 
So, fuck this video for making me ugly cry at 1:57am while I’m trying to sneak around my kitchen for snacks without waking anyone in my house up. 
I feel weird keeping human-like things on leashes...
😢
Why is this still getting all time high worthy upvotes?
This makes me one hug them both. 
Wtf is an NGO might I ask?
Why are you making me ugly cry? lol
How do they know that's his brother? Maybe just assumed it was him lol... experiment same age apes
As a typical dude that tries to show now emotions, my fucking heart just melted this is the sweetest thing I've ever seen 
Fucking 100k upvotes for traumatized chimps. 
Proves we are related to those creatures, they have the same emotions..
It's worth A HUNDREAD THOUSAND UPVOTES.
Apparently.
Just beautiful! Brotherly love! Blissful hug!
This is literally me and my girlfriend everytime we get to see each other in the weekends when I'm back from studying 
Damn filthy apes... Making my eyes watery.
First I smiled, then I cried... Small chimps being domesticated from a very young age. These are not brothers, they are the same species who cling onto eachother in fear...
I’m crying.
:)
Is that poop in the back ground? If so, somebody better clean it up.
what is an NGO?
this is how planet of the apes begins
Damm they are soo r/likeus 
omg😍
😮😧😥😢😫😭
Omg, I'm totally not crying right now.
I just melted.
I’m not crying, you’re crying!
My heart just exploded!
The amount of comments pointing out that these little ones are actually scared and possibly poached makes me feel a bit better about humanity
u/mcfetuson
Be kind to animals. Always. They are the most precious. 
u/stabbot
One of my favorite on Reddit
I’m commenting so I can remember to show this to my mom in person.
Geez, get a room!
😍 love 💗 them, that is soo sweet.
REMOVE THE LEASHES AHHHHH
Whoa. This is Mind blowing to me to See non humans actually engaging in hugs. Today I'm understanding that hugs are not a man made thing. Damn
Wow! Where did you find this video?
Holy shit, this is heart wrenching.
I really hate how they have leashes. Poor buds :(
Ok. Who the fuck is cutting onions! 
My heart is melting !!
AAAAAAAWWWWWWWW
If they let these two little guys meet up like this, I really hope they will be keeping them together.
A chimp hug always looks like the best hug.
I rarely pay attention this sub, but damn this got me
incestual rabid monkeys
Brothers don't shake hands! Brothers gotta hug!
r/likeus
OMG my heart is melting. I'm off to hug my brother now...
Baby animals are cuter than baby humans. 
They are so fricken CUTE! 
My brother tells me to kill myself constantly... This is a nice change of pace 
Yeah, now tell me that we're not genetically related to chimpanzees and other apes, creationist nuts. Remove a little hair off those little fellas and they could be human kids. But yeah great aww material.
My brother and I were similarly held apart from each other since our teens. I always look up to him as the father I should have had. We catch up annually for a month now that he is permanently living in the UK and we pick up where we left each other as though it was yesterday. Love you Bro 
Are we sure they're brothers?
This is nothing too special... from my understanding, young chimps have a natural tendency to hug and cover other young chimps
Me when i find my pc back at the end of the day 
Animals are so much better than humans
r/suddenlygay 
we don't deserve this. 
Im not crying, YOU'RE CRYING
I’m not crying, you are.
No homo full bromo
Testing on animals needs to stop. 
Lol black people in the hood be like
Anybody else see this and feel like a piece of shit 
So cute
I like how the dude with the blue leash gave the little pull on his brothers leash ... " dudes, we're just going to hug, you can drop the leash now"
you couldnt think of a more clickbaity title ?

how about:"These 2 brothers were rescued and treated at different NGOs and you wont believe what happens next!!!"
Is there a subreddit for gay monkeys?
But theyre kissing on the lips...
[removed]
Imagine that guy in the background shouting ha! Gay

These are apes
https://youtu.be/jJ5u8JWHhMM
Joe come redditoves when animals do cute stuff but when it comes to babies or children it gets so much hate?
I thought they killed each other in brutal ways. 
Why would they ever separate them in the first place?!
Hey hermano
Cool, now why cant i have a monkey as a pet in europe? 
They started making out 🤔
Awww little monka monkas.
, from yzfgg 7'8&uc""8'+7";y
[deleted]
Damn mouth kissers
brothers makin out 
This just shows how smart animals actually are, especially monkeys! Hugs!!
All I see is the green and blue lines. Free them.
Eww they were mouth kissing 
Chimpanzees are nasty creatures, gorillas are chill af
So basically, we monky
Saddens my heart that humans use these precious animals for tests and keep them in cages. 
They even give each other kisses😍❤️
Tom Brady and his brother prob kiss like that
Not sure they said nohomo 🤔🤔
Not crying; YOURE CRYING 

😭😭😭😭😭
And christians will tell you "animals don't have feelings"
Poachers hate them for this one simple trick!
Yes, but did they teabag anybody?
Isn’t it interesting how close they resemble humans even after we have evolved from them? 
When I saw "two brothers" in the title, I just thought of Rick and Morty
Don’t be fooled. This is territorial behavior. Any moment they’ll gouge  their eyeballs and rip their testicals out. Why do you think they have leashes?
How rare are multiple births with chimps! That alone sets off the BS alarms. 
