The next day he’s eating cereal, going to school, doing his homework, and watching cartoons all while still in the costume. If someone handed me the power to be a t-rex, I’d have a hard time giving it up. 
I love that your daughter just went with it and is clearly having a blast running around with her brother. A+ photos right there
Whoever that photographer is did a great job.
You are awesome! So happy he has a supportive family! ❤
Waaaaay cooler than any other family photos.
This is great! At first glance I read your watermark as “Roaring Magnolias” and thought, “oh, they really like dinosaurs.”
This is the best thing ever! Our daughter is on the spectrum and always wears either a unicorn horn or Eevee ears everywhere we go. Like EVERYWHERE! It’s so normal for us now that when I fix her hair I put them on her right after I am done, or remind her to get them (as if she would forget) like reminding your child to grab their coat. It’s so awesome creating a life and space for our kids to stretch into themselves and not worry about petty rules like picture etiquette or that costumes are only for Halloween. 💜
Hmm, going to the DMV will be awkward.  

"Sir what's your name?"

"Rawr!"

"Please sign the electronic pad".

"I can't!  My arms are too short!"
"Mom, uh, finds a way."
Is the daughter dressed like Dr. Grant?
OP's kid goes missing  

Police: Do you have a recent photo of your son for us to use in our search?  

OP: hands picture of T-Rex son  

Police: Get Chris Pratt on the line, we got another one.
i am the boy -

i wear the suit

in all the pics

i look so cute

but deep inside

nobody see

the dinosaur

is really me

no body knows -

trapped here inside

is Real me

i try to hide

so thanks for All

upvotes you give -

you'll Never know

 the life i live. . . 




This is awesome. What does he think of the pictures?
This is so amazing I'm almost crying. I am high functioning autism and when I was growing up the only person in my world that acted like it wasn't my fault was my mum. Don't know what I would have done without her, keep doing what you're doing! 
Did you make this profile just so you can post this picture?
My favorite is the T-Rex spooning your daughter!!
This is so incredible on so many levels 
I glanced at several dozen comments and nobody pointed out or congratulated you for totally nailing the Dr. Alan Grant look. Great job!
This is lovely. 
I’m really not a big fan of pictures either and I was wondering why he doesn’t like his picture taken?
Oh, so when this kid dresses like a dinosaur in photos we're supposed to be happy and shit, but when _I_ do it it's all "weird" and "disrespectful" and "Ben stop clawing at the photographer this is a funeral."

Fucking double standards.
Looks like promo shoot for Jurassic Parks and Recreation
Omg! I love this! My daughter with autism is 31 years old now, but I'm going to give her the same offer! Thanks for the idea!
This is soooo cute and sweet -- my brother is also autistic and growing up we had several costumes for him. The lion was his favorite. He would've loved to have such an awesome looking Trex 😀
*sorts by controversial* I’m going in.
Wait till he has a fur suit in 15 years
Brilliant

This is quite possibly the best thing ive ever witnessed in my life. 
I hate people who exploit their autistic children for Reddit karma
If he hates having his photo taken, what are the odds he’ll be okay with Mom telling the world he’s autistic while sharing the photo on social media once he’s older?

Pretty slim, just like the odds that the photo and back story are even real given your new account. 
using your autistic son for karma. nice.
Oh wow. Those are nicely done pictures. I have to say, it's good of you to be adaptable to your kid's needs and find a compromise with him that's a totally badass win-win. I'm going to not look at the comments and tell myself in my head that the Internet isn't being stupid today and you're not being given shit for it. Carry on being the awesome parent of an awesomesaurus rex.
One of the best family photos ever
but don't you want at least *some* photos of your kid's face? like, can't you just take some pictures on the sly so that you have something for you? how long are you prepared to let him wear that thing for? serious questions
These are amazing pictures (subject but also the shot quality and colour balance)

What a wonderful and original idea. 

I wish I had kids ... 
This is freaking awesome, kudos to the photographer for capturing such awesome images. 

I have shot a lot of autistic kids as well, usually, I just grab my longest lens and stay far away, let the child and their siblings play together and take candid shots from much further away.

I may have to try the costume method, this is awesome. 
You're a great parent. I am autistic as well and hated getting photos taken as a kid and my parents yelled at me when I tried to hold a ball in front of my face for family photos :/
[removed]
r/trexgonewild
This is the best idea ever 
Holy shit this is grand
This is absolutely adorable.  Awesome parenting -An autistic person
10/10 Family Pics
10/10 Parenting
This is amazing, your son is amazing. Stuff like this makes me proud to be autistic. 
/r/politics moderator sighting.
When I was a kid, when I was a little boy, I always wanted to be a dinosaur, I wanted to be a Tyrannosaurus Rex more than anything in the world, I made my arms short and I roamed the back yard, I chased the neighborhood cats, I growled and I roared, everybody knew me and was afraid of me, and one day my dad said "Bobby you are 17, it’s time to throw childish things aside" and I said "OK Pop", but he didn't really say that he said that "Stop being a fucking dinosaur and get a job". 
wow, you just raised the bar for family pics
I dont even really like kids but these are freaking AWESOME! 10/10. 
My God this is beautiful, brings tears to my eyes.
The moral of the story: Pretend to be autistic so your family will let you wear a t-rex costume to the next family photo shoot.

That *was* the point of the story, right?
Good thing he’s just like the rest of reddit.
raww
[removed]
[removed]
Jurassic Park being my favorite movie of all time, this is the best photoshoot ever in my eyes. Bravo parent.
[deleted]
I see a future r/blunderyears in the making. 
I wish i could filter autism out of reddit its every day with this
Why does everyone have to played the child has said “illness” “condition” like relax it’s adorable wether he has Autism or Stage 3 cancer 
Life finds a way. 
This looks like so much fun.
Excellent family photos, and even better that it’s been posted to ‘raww’ 
I have autism and my parents would never do this shit for me
I wonder if you could ask him if he would like to see pictures of a t-rex chasing him?  And maybe if you ask nicely, his sister would wear the costume?
These made me laugh and cry at their beauty simultaneously. You just leveled up at parenting. 
[deleted]
Nice job enabling him. He’ll certainly learn important social skills that way. 👍🏼 
whats going to happen when he goes to a wedding?
That’s autistic
Amazing pics man!
My autistic gay transgender drag queen they kid hates having his picture taken too!
"Don't lose your dinosaur" 
[removed]
And with her dressed as Alan. A+ mothering right here folks
I think your dog has autism
anything for our kids, especially the ones who need a little more
The final 4 photos are so, so good.

You rock.
Brilliant.
r/mademesmile
Super Cute!!! Way to prepare him for the real world!!! Good thing they make them in adult sizes. Hopefully hos wife likes dinosaurs and not artic animals.....
hell im not autistic and i hate having my photos taken too...
Oh my god this is hilarious. You’re a great parent
A+ parenting
Thank you for celebrating him, this is so beautiful.
Life is all about compromise. This one happens to be wonderful.
This make me smile and laugh. Thank you, that is genius. :)
omg, this is freaking awesome!  r/mademesmile 
Genius!
r/awwr
These are beautiful. You gotta let kids be kids. 
This is the cutest❤
I never upvote children in /r/aww, but you have broken that habit. I mean, I'll probably keep not voting or even downvoting children in here, but if I do upvote any it will be for something like this. Keep up the awesome parenting!
Is your son named Tandy?

/s
Why say he is artistic if you don’t put any of his drawings🤔
Seriously beautiful on every level! Three cheers!
I love this, as someone who grew up with baggage too: people who love you and just let you be yourself without having to "fix" you are so wholesome
Autastic!
It's even better that she's dressed like Allen Grant. Great references. 
I'm not autistic but I hate having my photos taken.  


&#x200B;
I love how your daughter is cosplaying Sam Neill.
In the bottom left corner, you can see OP's neice's hat just barely trailing behind her as she's running away. I don't know if it's anchored by a thin string or if it's excellent timing on the photographer's part, but either way, it works to great effect! 
Loved it... 
I want to be dinosaur too.
Parenting win. Those are awesome
This is very artistic 
Where can one aquire an adult version of this?
These are the best family photos I've ever seen!  
This made my week!
Was this you taking the snaps? If so, you have real talent. Some beautiful, original, emotional shots dude!
Sick 
These are fucking awesome. 
That is awesome.  Our 8 year old is on the spectrum.  She doesn't mind pictures, but we have obviously had lots of compromise in other areas.  I love that you found a way for him to have fun and have his photo taken.
Huh, as an autistic person i thought that i didn't like my photos taken just because, but I guess it's more common that I thought!
You are a absolutely amazing parent.
Okay, this is epic 
Very reminiscent of Calvin and Hobbes.
I'm pretty sure these are some of the best photos I've ever seen.
I'd always heard autistic people like trains but I have aspergers myself and know quite a number of fellow aspies that are also in love with Dinos. I'd never really thought about it until now but I can't help but wonder why. It'd awesome you let him do this though, people with autism have to cope with so much on a daily basis I can only imagine how happy this made him and what I'm assuming is his sister 
I am getting my son and myself t-Rex suits for Halloween and I need a photographer to take family photos of us now.
I love this idea so much that I just might steal it! 

My son has autism and hates having his picture taken too. I recently married my son's stepdad, and the best pictures we got of kiddo at the wedding were when he had his stormtrooper teddy bear in tow. A costume would make it even better.
Double up vote if I could, made my heart melt. 
As an autistic person who had a rough childhood due to parents who thought ignoring the symptoms and pretending i was normal meant they'd go away and I would be, it makes me really happy to see that people like you exist. 
This made my day. I work in special education and have a soft spot for these special kids. Looking at these pics I swear I can feel his happiness shining through the T-Rex suit. 
r/4chan
I somehow misread this as my “autistic son hates his photo being taken...” looked at the photos and assumed the rest of the caption was”so we chased him around in a T. rex costume”. Was very confused for about 30 seconds. These pictures are priceless
Being that kind of father is one in a million. You should feel proud.
Those are awesome photos!!!  Raising our high-functioning autistic son has been difficult and my wife and I have not always been up to the challenge.  I applaud you for turning what could have been a stressful situation into a wonderful memory!
This so wholesome... Like bruh
These are so lovely. Fantastic job. On a technical note, I was curious what camera/lens you used to take these? They're beautiful.
I teach students with severe emotional and behavioral needs and this just made me cry. You are an amazing parent. Thank you for accepting your son for who he is. He is so lucky to have you in his life.
#parentingwin
My high functioning is usually decent about pictures, but this year he refused school ones. I'm hoping it's not going to be a tend, but if it is, I'm using this as an ace in the hole. You are brilliant and a fantastic parent!! 
Genuine question: why does it matter that your son is autistic?  To me, it's as if you said "my white son"; is it relevant to the picture? *I* would have said "my son doesn't like having his photo taken..."

Again, this is a sincere question. I'm not trying to assert or imply anything. I say this because I know on Reddit it's like a 50/50 chance that questions will be met with chronic down voting and borderline abuse. Just trying to get out ahead of potential miscommunication.
"Mom, I don't like the way I look on pictures"

"Yeah I can see that... Put on this monster suit, and you'll look good"

Way to go parents, next time try to encourage him to accept and be happy with how he looks on camera.
Dude, the quality on these photos is fucking amazing, holy shit. 
Will he grow out of this, or will we see him in one of these waiting at the alter as his bride is coming down the aisle?
Using the autistic card for easy karma? I’m sorry it’s just I don’t see why that’s relevant to the picture. 
Amazing. Made me lol  you mist be very proud as not everyone has such awesome family photos.

My brother has autism and has autistic friends and a few are furrys...which seems to a similar thing to what you're describing.

While I'm here... I've noticed a recent trend with people on reddit to actually use autism as a derogatory slur...a negative attack...an insult.

As once people might have said, "your a homo!" meaning homosexual , implying being gay was a bad thing... until society realised that wasn't acceptable discrimination.  Or how people use to say, " youre weak like a girl !" .... until again they realised that being a woman wasn't a weakness. 

 But now likely due to other groups becoming more mainstream .. we're seeing autism as fair game for insults material.  

This week alone I've seen about seven occasions where people use autism and deviations on the label as insults.  "Don't be so autistic" or " you're just like an aspi" or " I bet he has autism lol" etc.  

The irony is when I see this Im confused as due to the family connection I see autism as nothing negative or out of the ordinary and certainly not a group whose label is an effective slant. 
But that isn't stopping bigots from banding it around as if it was.  

Look out for this and if you see it...pull them up on it.... as you would someone making fun of lgbt+ or women or any group who is under or unfairly represented.  

Being autisic isn't shameful so calling someone autistic as an insult should never gain traction.  

Jesus this nonsense makes me mad lol wtf wrong with people.  If you don't agree with them there's enough bloody insults without having to involve minororoty groups who already have a rough time of it. Rant concluded.
Sorting by controversial has me convinced this thread is dumb.

Yall look before you downvote ? Good ppl saying good things sittin at -30 and absolutly asshole comments at 100 +

Faith lost. Just. Wow
Jesus, how many shitty parents of autistic kids are gonna exploit their children to a bunch of random strangers for fake internet points? Nobody gives a fuck about your kids.
Why indulge him? If for some reason you aren't always there to shelter him like this, hes going to have an incredibly hard time adjusting to a world that doesn't bend to his whims.
Absolutely adorable!!!!!!!
Frame them all!!! They are amazing!!
Beautiful photos!
The fuck is wrong with all the downvotes!? People butthurt about autistic people or what??
[removed]
This is a bot, 4k karma in one day and only this one image posted 5 times
Perfect! Parenting done right.  He's lucky to have you, and the pictures are amazing!
Looks like they had so much fun! Absolutely beautiful. 
Sam Neill would love this.
It's a religious choice. 

He's a Jurassicarian.
As somebody with autism, thank you for understanding. I don't like my photos taken either and it has been a great boon to my social life, but I've slowly pushed myself to do it because I realize that even my mother doesn't have any photos of me.. and that's just not how life should be. Thanks for sharing.
[deleted]
this is some pure shit right here
Your child isnt autistic, he's just weird as fuck.
Retardus Rex
does he paint or draw?  I have an artistic son.  He loves finger painting
I think i know what im asking my wife to wear when she has the baby!
Make sure you still take real photos though. Maybe one day your son will want to see pictures of when he was younger. Or your daughter might want pictures of her actual brother, rather than some dinosaur. I'm all for the creative pictures and think they are great. Don't put actual photos on display if your son doesn't like taht., But still probably a good idea to keep a few in an album.
Checks title sees gilded and no of upvotes... Of course they are all always autistic or suffering from something. 
A+ parenting! Thank you for being an understanding human being!! The world needs more parents like you!
I’ve always hated getting my photo taken not because I’ll be in the photo, but because taking photos is so incredibly long and boring for something that matters absolutely zero to me
Haha, that's so autistic. :'D
The watermark ruins it 
Great... the next generation of furries and weird porn. 


Thanks guy. 
Why did you have to include the autistic part 
We have /r/pimpyourmomforkarma lately I feel we need /r/pimpyourdisabledkidforkarma
My son also hates getting his photo taken. Doesn't mean I get to call him names. (ITS A JOKE, I'M MAKING A JOKE, NOT AT THE EXPENSE OF HIS CHILD, EVERYONE MATTERS EVERYONE IS SPECIAL, I LOVE EVERYONE. YOU HAVE A GREAT FAMILY OP, MANY BLESSINGS TO YOU AND YOURS)
Cute but... obvious publicity stunt. You could've gone easier with the water marks. 
I love it!
Is this post being brigaded or something? All these positive comments are getting downvoted! Either way, he
great photo! 
Nice photos, but I don’t know why being autistic has anything to do with it 
Welcome to reddit. As you can see we have very positive people who are happy for you and the angry people who have to find an issue with everything to make themselves feel better. Photos look great. Doing great as a mom!
[deleted]
Did you have to mention that your son is autistic I'm autistic and im the same as everyone else

Of course Reddit promotes disabilities... who could have guessed.
lovely photo, but why can't it just be "my son hates having his picture taken?" 
“My son doesn’t like taking baths, so we don’t make him do that anymore” 
Oh my goodness I love this so much!!! I bet he had a blast also 💕
Aw this is the cutest thing ever! So sweet!
Not all heroes ware capes.

Some have tiny arms.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I love this.
X's up!
And #1 Parents go to..
So cool ! 
Love this idea. Was this shoot in the middle of the day or something? The post-processing is very heavy-handed.
These are so much better than ordinary family photos. Good on you for having an amazing sense of humor! 
When I was a little boy, I always wanted to be a dinosaur. I wanted to be a Tyrannosaurus Rex more than anything in the world. I made my arms short, I roamed the backyard, I chased the neighborhood cats, and I growled and I roared. Everybody knew me and was afraid of me.  
And then one day, my dad said, "James, you're 17. It's time to throw childish things aside."  
And I said, "Okay, Pop."  
But he didn't really say that, he said, "Stop being a fucking dinosaur and get a job."  
But, you know, I thought to myself, "I'll go to medical school...l'll practice for a little while, and then I'll come back to it." But I forgot how to do it.  
  
The point is: Don't lose your dinosaur.
Best mom and sister ever.
Photos actually came out really well.
Awesome creative idea! Well done. Keep up the good work. There are always ways of working with autism rather than trying to work against it.
Hahaha
You gotta be yourself! Nothing wrong with an authentic family portrait 
Just admit you are the person in the suit :P
Only if I could get away with this lmao
This is the coolest thing on the internet.
This is totally awesome...like totally.
Hero
Is the sister dressed as Alan Grant from JP?
This made me smile from ear to ear. Thank you for sharing.
Not to mention how freakin’ awesome this will be for people who get Christmas cards from you. Most Christmas cards are boring with standard family photos. Now this one? Definitely goes on the fridge! 
You win!
Omg he’s gorgeous! 💕
Never change Reddit.
The first picture is my favorite. And they’re all soooo cute. 
This is the sims 4 become a bear in real life
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I8gY0IT0CuA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I8gY0IT0CuA)
LMAO
Aww you can just tell they’re gonna be friends for the rest of his life 
This is the best.
You should send some of these over to r/photoshopbattles
DR GRANT I JUST WANT TO GIVE YOU A HUG RAWWWRRRR
Oof
You are an amazing parent.
Could just be anyone but take my upvote anyways
Now I want a family photo shoot exactly like this
Putting the raww in r/aww
Grade A parenting plus you get that sweet karma! Serious though that’s awesome. 
What an amazing parent you are! There’s always a way!
That's one way to get great pictures !! 
and now you need a family photo with everyone wearing a dinosaur costume. 

they have other ones now. 
I love the first picture for some reason
I would describe these photos as r/wholesome
Does anyone know what lens was used for these photos? It’s fantastic!
i bought my son a trex outfit just like this and he has a blast with it!
I know some other people who identify as a T Rexes and attack helicopters, however this is full commitment. I love it. 

Also, my wife's cousin has special needs and dressed up in a Thomas the Tank Engine suit for some cruise photos this past summer. Your story put the same smile on my face. 

/R/mademesmile
Oh my god this is so wholesome
Same suit?

https://g.redditmedia.com/zaJpCnVgJxeiDxjq4Z3RVsgHPjhzYi-9uwBU4wifWzw.gif?w=320&s=26163f8899d843996d313410ec5a7df3
PeOpLe FuCkInG dYiNg.
That's wonderful!  I love the pictures! 
DUDE this is great, it's hilarious.This reminds me of Calvin and Hobbes for some reason
Does this count as furry
pure
This is great!
You are an amazing parent. Period.
These are some awesome family photos 
s
I don't remember this scene in Jurassic Park
This made my day brother, lucky to see such positive stuff. 
Man this is super nice! What's the camera equipment ?
Alan Grant and the trex.
Even though I haven't seen the movie, I think it's safe to say that this is better than Jurassic Park Fallen Kingdom
So sweet! 
You are a good parent! 
Hahaha that's so cute
Best... photo session... ever
"Dont lose your Dinosaur"
-Dr Robert Doback
Very nice!
Hahaha. These are awesome.
Awww my heart!!!
I know it's the wrong dino but...

"Alan!"
Mom/Dad of the year!
Awesome photos and awesome parenting. 
This new Jurassic Park movie looks absolutely frightening!
well know you gonna remember him forever as a t rex. Whether we liked it or not we had family photos taken. I think you should atleast force him to take atleast one none t rex photo 
This is fantastic! 
Sharpen to 100%
This is heart-warming :)
nice
T-Rex doesn't want to be phtographed, he wants to hunt.
You are the most amazing kind of parent. Since my daughter was born I've said I want the REAL pictures, the ones where were living and loving and laughing.
That’s really wholesome, I’m really happy to see he has such a loving family!
You are a damn good photographer ( and dad ( mom ? )  ) - do you have other albums ?
I saw the first photo and wondered if you had two autistic children 
I ❤️😘this 
It looks a lot more fun in a T-rex costume. I mean how many people can say they have a photo of them being chased by a T-rex?

You meant your son hates his photo taken, so you let him wear a human suit for family photos, right?
Judging by the arms I’m assuming cerebral palsy? 

M . Y bu y.   
This is the most heartwarming thing I’ve seen on reddit.  
I'm not crying, you're crying 
Best family photos ever!  
This is amazing!
Parenting done right. 
I too hate having my photos taken

If only i had a t-rex suit, glad you allowd him to wear it!
This is amazing, easily the best family photo ever taken
I love this so much!   Way to rockstar it!! ♡♡♡
Now that's parenting
“oK noW leT’s TaKe A NiCE onE sOMEOne HoLd Him STIll” 

my dads side of the family tbh 
(overdramatised) 
At first look, the smaller bottom right picture looks like the t-rex is eating his prey. 
This warms my motherfucking heart ❤️
Top quality costume too.
This is the *aww*est thing I have seen this week.
Lol

That is flat out awesome - great pics!
This is amazing! 
Photograph level 100  
Parenting done right.
that is so sweet, my parents didn't like having their photos taken either, I went to show and tell once and I was the only kid who didn't have any family pictures.  it was really sad, you're a good parent. it will mean a lot to her to have memories like the other kids and for your son to feel included, my faith in humanity restored
The quality of these pictures is astounding! 
My autistic kids hate having their photos taken as well. I wonder why? Cute photos.
This is super cute. Warms my heart.
Glorious
This is fantastic. Your kids are going to look back at these and smile so wide that they outshine the sun. Congratulations for being amazing. You are amazing. 
Best photo ever!!
This made me both laugh and smile.
You are truly, a wonderfull parent
Awesome
your son has a great family 
The 3rd photo down on the right is great.



"Brothers, am I right?"





Adorable pictures overall 
The pictures are awesome. Which lens did you use?
Idgaf what everyone says.. these are the best family photos I've ever seen. I wish mine were half as original and half as good! 
That last picture is my favorite omg.
I have a baby son and I hope to be as supportive as you when he gets older. You seem like a fun mom! 
The crazy sob did it!
It reminds me of this https://youtu.be/nZC4mXaosxM
Awesome! I want to be a T-Rex, too!
Mom rocks for making her little girl look like Indiana Jones, instead of a tulip, while big brother is 👀
I hate getting my photo taken too, but my parents never let me wear a dinosaur suit./s
No way to describe this but as wholesome as fuck
This is beautiful 😊
Solid win!!! Too cool!
Sounds like my little brother.... DAD!?
Your son is a T-Rex and your daughter is Alan Grant. This is parenting I can get behind! :D 
Anyone else hear the Jurassic Park theme music while looking at this photo? ...no wait I'm just really high.
This is the most beautiful thing I've seen all day (:
She’s dressed like Dr Grant from JP. 
🦖💚🦖💚
Words cannot express how much I love these photos..
This made me happy on so many levels. 
You are amazing 
I love everything about this. 
Legendary!
A family of t-rex :), but one of them is autistic so it has to wear a human suit to take photos, fascinating! 
i love everything about these photographs!!! keep it up :)
Flawless Victory.
Parenting like a pro 
What a good parent :)
I usually come to r/aww for animals but this is sweet too. 10/10 photos.
That’s some awesome mommying right there! What great pictures, too! 
cute as heck, I identify with the option that some days you wake up and you're in your dinosaur phase, and that's that.
I love this 
Absolutely love this 
they would love this at /r/trexgonewild
Man these shots are outstanding 
awwww

Surprised nobody has mentioned she's dressed as Allen Grant. Awesome detail!
u/titletooimagebot 
This photo shoot was a blast to do from the looks of it. A+
Those are beautiful! ❤ 
Why is it that t-rexes just ooze autism? Especially t-rex shaped pasta.
Paging r/wallstreetbets
These pictures made my day! 
Awww thats awesome. Thanks for sharing!
Dressed as Alan Grant. That's a nice touch.
Awesome parent!
I like the new direction Jurassic movies are taking. 
He's got a great smile.
I love the pictures and idea! I have two sons on the spectrum myself, so it gives me ideas. Thank you so much for sharing!
I thought for sure this was r/funny that is absolutely hilarious.
You’re the coolest mom ever, and those photos are so much better then anything “normal”.  Made my day.
I don't go along with the picture either
That's super dope!!
Mine does too. I can get a half a second smile. Every school picture has a forced smile lol
... is that why I don't like being photographed?
Brilliant

THAT IS ADORABLE!!!
This is wonderful! What an excellent idea. 
Hey Dad, it's me, your son!
Wish I could upvite multiple times
Bonus points for dressing your daughter as a female Alan Grant!
haha nice!
TIL I aspire to be this lady’s son 
Don't go in the long grass!!!
But.... nobody knows what the son looks like???
inb4 a REAL T-Rex comes
This is so great!
I'm reminded of Ed edd n eddy where Ed puts on a costume and believes he is the monster. Good episode and awesome photos.
Those are the best friggin' family photos I've ever seen - and your daughter is a patootie!
Don't get me wrong this is adorable and you guys do you, but I feel like if it were me I feel like I would regret not having photos of my child growing up. Or is this just a one time thing? How does school photo day go for him? Sneak some cell pics or something for yourself is all I am saying.  Great photos! I especially like the very bottom left one.
Parenting done RIGHT
This is cute. You know what would be more funny though? That classic formal wear and horse mask picture.
why is this so perfect?
I love this so much
Great shots !!
“Don’t go into the long grass”
These are great!

Awwwwwwww my heart is melting 
A+ parenting. This is awesome.
Aww
You deserve an award!
Ever let him listen to The Slider? 
Omg I absolutely love this!
Soooo bad ass!!! Best parent award!!
I’m gunna attempt to get my GF on board with me doing this for our wedding photos.
I swear these are screenshots of an actual movie.
This. This is love in its purist form. 
Your soul has made me feel better about the world in this instant. I wish you and your family peace and happiness forever. 
That’s fucking amazing op. That is seriously awesome.
some serious man of steel vibes, this is dope
*fbi why is the child restrain I repeat*
r/trexgonewild
I smiled so hard my face hurts. 
This is precious.
I wait for the day they recreate this shoot as Adults.
This is amazing! Good job, as photographer and mom :)
He will definitely turn into a well adjusted, usefuland contributing member of society.
Hopefully they turn 18 tomorrow cause you’ve peaked at parenting. There is no way to top Tyrannosaurus in the family photos. 
This is the funniest thing I've seen all week.
Instant classic

These photos are amazing!
what a great parent! Props to you
Hello mermaid 😊
That’s incredibly awesome. Rawww
Is that why your other kid is dressed as Alan Grant?
REEEEEEEE
Amazing!
Well these are delightful.
You're doing it right...
Wow, those are great shots.  Most excellent.
This is amazing. The professional touch is just great. Parenting skills are 10+! 
Wish I could give more than 1 upvote for this
This makes me so happy!  Like I'm in tears happy... ugh I cry over everything 
This is beautiful 
fucking beautiful
I don't like pictures of myself and would love to be a dinosaur. Fine, whatever, call me autistic.
That's just really fucking sweet
I'm buying a dinosaur suit right now!
You guys smell that? 
This is fantastic. Thank you!
Dam that's photos look friggin awesome. 
Clever girl!
These are the best family photos I have ever seen.  
And you dress your daughter as Dr. Allen Grant. You're a cool dad. 
I hate taking photos, maybe I should get a T-Rex suit. Hmmmm....
Ahh... the old hide the kid in a costume routine.. 
The second picture down, top-left...looks like a Tardigrade from behind.
In the 6th picture she looks genuinely terrified.

Edit: Grammar
The happiness in these photos makes me feel like a wuss
The depth of field and color and poses are top-notch!  What a gift your son is!  
PARENT OF THE YEAR
That is fucking awesome! The pictures are fabulous and I love the T-Rex. Looks like everyone is happy. 
These are fantastic photos!!  Such a great idea.
Parenting. You're doing it right.
Best parent ever. You freaking rock. 
Are you sure they didn't say you had an artistic son?

Holly Molly. This is great parenting. You got an epic photo shoot from this. 
I love photos like these, where they're cute with the title but would stand alone in their cuteness even without a title. This is just adorable.
Dad of the year
You liar, he loves it.
Fantastic photos !!
Absolutely spectacular.
I fucking love these trex suits. I ride around on my motorcycle sometimes wearing mine and the looks I get are worth it
A moment forever.
This is how you love your child. That kid is a hero, and so are you. 
I love this post so much
Wow that is.. exactly like that comic 
This is epic parenting. Bravo. 

Edit: Big thumbs and tiny screen make mrlockandkey and poor typist. 
This might be the best overall thing I've seen on Reddit.
Your son is the best guy ever! I love this idea! 😊
I love this post so much!!!! 
The top left picture really makes the entire photo shoot worth it 
Pretty much think you won the parent of the year award. 
Actually some really great photography, you should be proud of yourself OP
They are awesome!!!!
Best family portrait ever!!
Such a beautiful idea, why didnt I think about it before?
That's good parenting right there mate. Applause.
When I was much younger I would always dress up in a little flash costume. I did this from when I was 3 to when I was 6 or 8.
r/awwr
YOU FREAKING ROCK MY SOX! 
!redditsilver 
Very creative, 
Best goddamn family photos. Ever!
This. Is. AWESOME!
that's even more memorable than the pictures alone. 
Absolutely adorable! 
I thought this was a scene from Jurassic Park acted out by children for a second. Still awesome!
This needs to be posted on /r/jurassicpark
mr. beast approves
“Don’t lose your dinosaur!” - Mr. Doback
Parenting: A+
Photography: A+

10/10 would treasure memories and look at again and again. 
r/ParentsBeingBros
This is why the world is a better place than it used to be. 
All I can think of when I look at this is that porn video with the guy in the same dinosaur costume
Great photos and great parenting. 
This reads like satire
You wouldve been my favorite kind of parent when i was a kid
Ñll
It's too bad, but on the other hand these are unforgettable,  awesome pictures. 
My soul is warm
I love this.
❤❤❤❤❤❤
Now this is a Jurassic Park movie I'd watch!
That's awesome. 
These are amazing
Rar :3
Subtle reference to Alan Grant with your daughter's outfit! xD
You are a good parent. Keep it up. Those are great photos. 
This makes me happy :)
Must go faster Dr. Grant!
Well this is awesome
Omg! Amazing. Brightened my day too! Thank you. God bless your family and good heart!
I fucking love this!!
having my first in a couple months,  i need to tap into your Parent brain plz... 10/10 i would never have thought this was an “option”.  dude you are really in touch with how to make a balanced human.  thanks for sharing!
Parenting: you're doing it right. 
You are a wonderful parent and a good person!
Now, *this* is how you parent!
Parent of the year award is clearly going to you guys! I love this!!! 
This would also be my favorite "family Christmas photo card" to get. It's awesome!
wow dude, awsome job you're doing there
What an amazing photo shoot (and idea)! This brought the biggest smile to my face.💕
This is amazing.
You might want to blur your company name before some redditors decide to start sending you hate mail. I mean unless you're trying to promote your business. Just a thought.
I love this. And, what beautiful and fun family photos!
He makes a damn good T-rex.  Congrats, that is just awesome.
This is the first thing that made me smile today, thank you.  Sincerely.
This made me tear up. Beautiful.
:')
Damn. You are one solid parent.
That’s awesome parenting right there!! Xx
These photos are stunning! Whats your secret? Im a family photographer and would love to try this effect.
You are the best parent. Seriously. 
Dang, those look phenomenal. What camera was used?
Yep that sounds like something younger versions of us would do
This is incredible. 
This is amazing.
This is beautiful. Thank you for sharing!
wow these are better than any family photo I have tbh
Awesome shoot
This is the cutest thing I've ever seen. 
Clever girl :-)
I love this so much!
i didn't know how much i needed this!!!
Plot twist: OP’s son has been missing for years (or never existed?!) and clever ruses like this keep suspicious family members from asking questions. 


Kidding aside, great pics!  Good on you for finding a way to make what could have otherwise been a very frustrating/traumatic experience fun!
Absolutely heartwarming! ❤
This is A plus parenting right here. (I’m being serious btw) 
I've never come across a photo that made me feel almost every emotion. Happiness, sadness, confusion, inspiration and that feeling you get when you see a Cinnabon in an airport...or is that arousal?.... wait what happens when great grandma dies?......who are you again?.....where's the retweet button?..... what does slag mean an Irish man yelled at me today in Panera® and I got confused....he took my cookie........Sharon why did you take the kids?
u/not_burt_macklin_fbi
That's so awesome. You're a great parent. 
Lmao yes!!!
This is like a trailer for  forbidden love between a child t-rex and human child.
That’s awesome. 
Beautiful work there.

We have no such reason, just like to have costumes around to wear anytime. 

[Kong & Zilla Snow removal](https://i.imgur.com/IvKzmtb.jpg)
This brings me so much joy, thank you for sharing
Mom or dad of the year!!
You are an amazing parent.
Now this is the kind of inspiration porn I can get behind. 
r/trexgonewild
This is genius
Excellent parenting!! 
Oh my god this is melting my heart 
gold!!!
Tell him for me that he makes a great t-rex!
This is so wholesome~
These are awesome photos! I love that you guys embraced it and had some fun together. 
