Lol I can only imagine what these removed comments said.
[removed]
Be careful everyone, Lickaphen is known to be highly addictive. Side effects include extreme happiness and the urge to take the day off and go to the dog park. 
But it's also okay to need real medicine too.
Teaching your dog to lick holes, I see.
this is very nice but i would recommend other medicine too
r/wowthanksimcured 
These anti vaxxers are getting weirder and weirder 
Probably an unpopular opinion here, but I don’t like when dogs lick me. I’m all good with cuddling and petting, but licking is a hard no for me.
😂 Wasn’t expecting that. 
The only medicine I need ^(is antibiotics because I have an infection.)
Damn, I thought the answer was "more cowbell"
I’m gonna stick with my narcolepsy meds so I don’t fall asleep on the bathroom floor again thanks 
They tried to make me go to rehab

I said, yes, yes please
But... I still need my antipsychotics...
American medical system: That will be $10000 please and bone for payment
That's really flipping cute!
And antibiotics. I need those too. Doggy kisses don't cure lyme disease.
"Dad always thought laughter was the best medicine.
Which I guess is why several of us died of tuberculosis." - 

Jack Handy


And peanut butter right?
This is gonna get memed with weird things coming through the hole and I can't say I'm sorry about it.
Doggy kisses are great, but they won't fix the chemical imbalances already in my brain 
Looks like a weird glory hole.
Haha...so cute
Take these on dogtor's orders.
I was anxiously awaiting the background doggo's introduction and it did not disappoint 
I’m sure OP knows that actual medicine works, too. Calm down.
I am very glad that the thoughtful people in the comments are making us all aware that this isn't real medicine. You guys really saved me, I almost ditched my insulin for a dog.
I wasexpecting House's Vicodins
[deleted]
Figured out the part that a pet is going to be sitting behind the book.. didn't expect the hole and the lick :D
Top comment removed.


There is a 0% chance that this was not about a penis 
Cute but I might carry on taking my insulin just in case 😂
You have diabetes, Caroline. Your dog can't give you your insulin.
unfortunatly i also need insulin 
d'awwwwr,   
i wish i was neurotypical enough to only need a dog instead of mood altering drugs to not be a danger to myself...
Idk xanax is pretty cool too
The thought of a tongue papercut puts me on edge.
“Doctor he has multiple gunshot wounds!”
“Ah fuck it, just get a dog or something”
That’s fucking gross 
Braggart. Some of us need more than a wet tongue punch from a furbratt to stay healthy.
Eh. As much as I like dog kisses I still need my antipsychotics thanks. 
This is not helping with my bi polar manic schizophrenia but I'm no quiter
50 milligrams please. It’s been a rough day.
This needs to be available for order.  My wife's birthday is coming up.  And yes . . .I will be doing what you think I'll be doing . . . with my penis
>I'll just keep taking my [INSERT MEDICATION YOU'RE TAKING HERE] for my [INSERT AILMENT YOU HAVE HERE]

I think a lot of you are forgetting you're in /r/aww ...

*Obviously* no one is suggesting this is legitimate medical advice. It's meant to be cute... You're either all taking this *way* too seriously, or you're all *really* struggling to come up with an original joke.
Always upvote the flippist
Thank you for the giggle. 
I'm going to need a double dose, Doc. 
Ugh, self medicators these days are so stupid

/s
There's a lot of people in this thread who REALLY don't like doggy kisses.
Whats up with all the deleted comments
But also antidepressants
Adorable! Did you put peanut butter at the back of the Flipbook? I don't mean to ruin the magic.
Disgusting and degenerate.
I mean, I guess that works if you're not sick.
I also need that medicine.
A nice sentiment if everyone was born with perfect genetics and/or didn't develop random problems in their life.

It's easy to say stuff like this when you have no experience on the other side.

How disturbing
Aww sweet baby,  looks so much like my Coco.  I would love to know what this dog is. Coco's mom was a Chihuahua but I do not know about daddy. So, if you can help me determine what Coco's and this dogs relatives are, I would appreciate it very much.  (They both have the same face and floppy ears  and look to be small, like  10 lbs) Thank you
ITT: People taking this post way too seriously.
A friend of mine calls his dog Lex.

It's short for Lexapro, because the dog is his anti-depressant.
I also need them painkillers on account of my back
Watch out, the dog could get a papercut.
Ok that is damn cute. 
Every time I see stuff from him posted, no one actually credits him. Sure his name is on the cover, but did you know he's on reddit?

u/theflippist

His stuff gets re-uploaded pretty much the second he makes a new post, with zero credit going to him.

Fuck you OP


The best flip-book I've EVER seen! Total wasn't expecting that :D
[deleted]
I'm reading all the comments like Damn! I think everyone is reading too much into this. I think OP just thought it would be a cute video. The tongue coming out of the bottle was cute.  \*shrug\* I saw this as just a creative cute video by a person who really loves their puppy 
anti-vaxxers are getting adorable
The only medicine I need is a gun to end all my problems (: 
Sure hope your not trying to treat tuberculosis
Take my upvote, just take it 
Reminds me of the scene in the attic in the Goonies. 
What breed/mix of dog? Looks like Chihuahua mix
^eggs ^float
cute
The only medicine I need is wholesome memes. 
Not that it isnt cute but..

r/crappydesign 
The deleted comments are cracking me up!

&#x200B;
What happened here???
Not gonna lie, I was expecting a 🖕

Pleasantly disappointed 
Can they cure my friends diabetes?
The sad thing is that not even "doggy kisses" are safe any more. I saw on the news last week that some guy had to get all of his arms and legs amputated because there's a rare bacteria within dogs that can eat away at some people's tissue. He become a paraplegic because of his dog. Yikes!
Did the dog get a paper cut? Why is no one else concerned about this?
All the removed comments..gee I wonder why..lol 🤢perverts
r/suddenlygloryhole
I don't like being licked by dogs because you never know what they have been licking.  
r/dontputyourdickinthat
This is a wholesome version of those people who say "*all depressed people need is to go outside and be happy*"
Am I the only one who worried about the dog getting papercuts on their tongue?
Why were so many comments removed?
/r/wowthanksimcured
That is just too cute. 
This is amazing
Now that's wholesome!
The timing of this is perfect
Good boy was right on cue.
Dog kisses are nice but have ya ever just posted something from Instagram on Reddit without any real attribution for easy karma?
Couldn’t help hoping the dog didn’t get a tongue paper cut.
Has meme potential. 

The only medicide I need.

*flips to last page*

*Image of essential oils*

lm ao
r/wowthanksimcured
Same.

Also weed.
[deleted]
Come on guys it's just a cute little expression of how dog kisses are nice. Why are all these comments acting like it's a serious attack against real meds? I take antidepressants and I thought it was fun.
I really dislike this because it kind of gives off the tone that people who actually need medication are somehow "less than". 
Thank you for this ❤❤❤ I'm finally going to stop taking my bipolar meds now
Tell that to herpes.
/r/wowthanksimcured
Whew. I definitely thought this was going the way of "nobody needs drugs!" and was not ok with that trajectory. 

Holy this is such a cute good boy 😍
This is almost NSFW
It would be so awesome if they just had like a place you could go hang out with dogs the way they have cat cafés and you could just wait feed the dogs or play with them and just get like a dose of some love and it could be either pay through insurance or maybe like a five dollar donation or something like that!

Somebody with dogs and a sense of business planning and organization get on this immediately and make some money!!
(And boost our happy chemicals lol) 

It would also help save dogs from the shelters. They kill them like weekly or something IDK. 

ITT: People that can't read apparently. Title says "medicine I need" not "medicine everyone needs" or "only viable medicine"
/wowthanksimcured
#adorable 
/r/thanksimcured
Flippin’ awesome
/r/im14andthisisdeep
Fucking gold
I was hoping he'd stick his snoot through the hole but this is still satisfactory. 
I like the look of confusion at the end 
WOW 
I wonder what he used on the card though
Can't say if this is seriously cute or moderately gross. Lol. 
shoulda just been heroin
No thanks.
Dafuq. Lol
 Hertm palp
That's... Weird
I knew exactly what was coming but still couldn’t help smiling when it did
Snoot book!
What kind of dog is this??
The only tongue I need 😉
Wow it was a dog, how unpredictable
Cute
I send my love. That dog
I thought a nug was gonna be there
This is just what I needed to see today, thank you
Am I the only one who instinctually assumed there was going to be weed in there?
Oh, that ended weird.
Nice job

😄😆
Good God! Take all my upvotes you glorious bastard!
This is the greatest thing I’ve seen all day! 
❤️👍
I was upset yesterday about something and both of my dogs licked my face until I smiled then they laid across my chest. Dog kisses are the best medicine because they know exactly where you hurt. 
Where’s the bud 
This is beautiful and awesome.
A dog gloryhole?
[removed]
[removed]
*Dies anyway*
Do one for a penis 
[Removed]
A gram of Fentanyl 
I was expecting marijuana to be in the pill bottle 
Did not expect that ending 
My dog has seen me through tough times also. Upside it's not likely that someone will become addicted to dog breath kisses.
My dog doesn't like giving kisses. :'l
Haha...so cute
Who else heard the Legend of Zelda Treasure Chest opening theme?
AWWWWWW!! 😍
Credit to @theflippestflipbooks on instagram 
OK, but the point is, that puppy dog is cute.
Lol
I was expecting a nug if weed to come out of the vial 
Take your upvote you filthy animal... I mean cute as a hell and my widdle heart is fillwwed wid happiness now.
My puppy is 8 months and turned into a terror, and she doesn’t give kisses but she’s adorable anyway.
I mean I'd does say the only medicine *I* need.

Not the only medicine *you* need.

So it's still cute
I totally thought it was going to be more cowbell
I need heart medicine
[Removed]
Aww, this makes my day!
I need dopamine to make dope ass memes
*dies*
I swore it was going to be more cowbell 
So the dog ate the pills??
Like Pu*sy On D*ck xD :v
Like for the effort and pretty dog
Dude totally smeared peanut butter on the back of that card lol.
Low key gross
Peanut Butter?
After a long day of work, Kanye West goes to his Kanye Nest to take his Kanye Rest. He wakes up feeling his Kanye Best. Then he’ll get Kanye Dressed in his Kanye Vest to go on a Kanye Quest. He goes to hutch and becomes Kanye Blessed, then to a hotel room to be a Kanye Guest. Then to school to take his Kanye Test. He forgot to brush his teeth. Did he run out of Kanye Crest? His neighbor stole it, what a Kanye Pest.
Is your dog named Steve Buscemi by chance?
Giggity.
I love my dog. Shes laying next to me rn. But currently have 2 broke ribs, broken collarbone, and my pelvis is broken in 2 spots, and a big bruise all over. I cant move without some painkillers. But the kisses help too.
This was refreshingly original 
I bet that guy from Wisconsin who contracted an infection from a dog lick leading him to have his legs and hands amputated wishes this was the case.
This is so freaking cute!! 
That was funny before it started moving 
I was expecting a cowbell at the end. Don't know why though.

This is a wholesome version of those people who say "*all depressed people need is to go outside and be happy*"
Honestly this makes me angry. I'm like Lenny when it comes to cute things. I just squeeze too tight. Sorry not sorry. 
I have the exact dog as you!!! Except it had a underbite! What kind of dog?
This is really nice but I'm shit scared of doggos. I'm glad they can help some people though :)

It's also okay to get medical help, asking for help makes you stronger and I recommend you try if it gets bad.
The only medicine you need is 5million dogbacteria. Got it.

Jk, I love dogs.

Not really kidding though, there’s a loooot of shit on that tounge.
[removeded]
Ive heard of those before. Aren't those called glory holes???
What that tongue do?
Controversial but I cannot stand being licked by dogs, especially on the face. 
I love this but now I NEED to know why all those comments were deleted??? 
r/dontputyourdickinthat
r/wowthanksimcured
Yes, very blessed with the kisses
I know there is a glory hole joke here. 
Not gonna lie that was just fukin weird
Bu why Chiwabas? They hate everything
Somebody's an anti-vaxxer
Bu why Chiwabas? They hate everything
The tension is unbearable
I was just thinking “very cool but y not make this just a video inst as of showing u flipping it” and then u blew my mind awesome use of medium 
/r/dumbasfuck

/r/thanksimcured
How dare you, there are people that are allergic to dogs you know. 
You anger me greatly you swine.


Sucky suck
also penicillin
Ouch. Wouldn't wanna give that dog a papercut. 
Be careful guys. I heard this drug comes with heckin strange side effects. 
Man, I was hoping for a cowbell
Weird but alright
Excuse me that bottle is not child proof 
Peanut butter on the back of the second to last page? Lol
R/thanksimcured
Oh my god. I was wondering why there was a dog in the background 
I think that is the best kind of medicine.
This absolutely disgusts me. I don't know why
I like this, it made me smile. 
Greatest glory hole of all
So you have dog fetish?
*dies*
This thread, it's just a cute joke jeez...
This made me cry
Side effect for me: Hives
instructions unclear
*inserts dick*
Lol that's great
Okay, where's the r/unexpected crossover?
I expected a dickbutt.
Holy Fack the best Reddit post of 2018
im just gonna guess the deleted comments were sexual in nature.....
Wow the flippist really stepped up his game 
r/noisygifs anyone?
the only time i allow someone else's saliva as the neat freak and clean freak i am.
Ask your doctor if dog saliva is right for you.
Cute!
I wish dogs were what did it for me.
I can't believe there isn't a single comment about the dog getting a papercut on their tongue lol.
r/unexpected
this was beautiful, thank you
Staged
So clever. Cute too
r/wowthanksimcured
Ok, this is like those psychology test? I'm supposed to say what popup in my mind?
What a cute puppers
/r/awwpiates
Ha!
I guess that's why they pay you the big bucks.. Genius.. 
Aww sweet baby,  looks so much like my Coco.  I would love to know what this dog is. Coco's mom was a Chihuahua but I do not know about daddy. So, if you can help me determine what Coco's and this dogs relatives are, I would appreciate it very much.  (They both have the same face and floppy ears  and look to be small, like  10 lbs) Thank you
I am always soooo curious how long it takes someone to make these. 
OMG that little rat scared me ahahaha! Good one, I was totally expecting a dog. Thumbs up for you and your little rat pet.
That was very cute and I got a big laugh. Nothing more, nothing less.
That is cute.  
This is truly horrifying 
the old peanut butter trick

Love it!
I thought for sure I was on /r/trees and there was going to be weed in there.  Was pleasantly surprised 
What kind of dog is that? Very cute pup.
Adorable!
That was unexpected.
Shadowban Test
where can i buy a prescription for this medicine 
This video is all the medicine I need. 
[deleted]
[removed]
Thought it was gonna be weed
Cute!
A nice trained doggo
Thanks how do I get ten?
Dude I fucking *wish* doggy kisses could treat ADHD
The ending was totally unexpected and wonderful.
Xx- 9I.  I ccxf-  cfc   x.  -vii-)-,'- zjjj. -zxcc-i-z4zqtttttttttttttt.   9 ot88%  -
Cuuuuteeee
And insulin.
Uh no. You need a lot if you waste your time on this.
Cute lol
u/theflippist
It literally says his/her name on the front page
Lmao that is cute...



*but foreal tho take your actual medicine, you need it.*
This is so cute 
Dude waytostay calm under pressure when the last page didn't flip right away, I would have been sitting there for hours trying to get it right.
10 seconds earlier that dog was licking it's asshole. 
Good luck controlling blood sugar with that when you get diabetes 
 

Lol I can only imagine what these removed comments said.
What type of dog is this? My dog looks exactly the same but he was a rescue so nobody had any idea.
As someone on 10 medications, I wish doggy kisses were the only medication I needed. Ulcerative Colitis sucks :(
u/vreddit_bot
Ooooooooohhhhh I love this!
I'm having really inappropriate thoughts.
The best kind of medicine 
This is very cute! but as others have pointed out, let’s please remember that people sometimes need more to get through their lives than a dog or support animal. Stay healthy, people! 
Yes, doggie kisses are great, but this seriously comes across as some anti-science bullshit.  Medicines save lives—there is NO substitute.
This is kinda weird 
HAHAHAHA
Thought this was an r/trees post when i saw the picture
Did you out peanut butter on the back of the flip book? Be honest.
My Grandmothers cancer was cured by Dog Saliva. It's True!
You can always bet on Americans to make everything into some political statement

Congratulations.  A lot of the rest of us have physical and mental conditions that require legitimate medication.
This is fucking disgusting 🤢 
The amount of effort put into this post is awesome
Peanut butter on back of last card.
Ladies... 
Ngl expected weed😂
thats not what he uses that for..
> They say that laughter is the best medicine, so you can throw away those pills. You are cured. Actually, you better hold on to those. Just in case. 
What breed of dog is that
To quote Marge Simpson, "the only drug I'm on is Love for my Son and Daughter." 
not expected this dog face
That last page was really stickin 
My two pups keep me sane, and that's saying a LOT these days.
Ok, that's kinda cute. 
Who is this artist?  Love it
Paper cut!!!
While adorable, the doggy kisses do little to silence the voices
I was so scared that it was going to be an essential oil
I thought it was gonna be like "the only medicine I need iS nAtURe!!" or something like that. Was not prepared.
I would have accepted removing the book and showing the dog. I also very much agree
This needs to be available for order.  My wife's birthday is coming up.  And yes . . .I will be doing what you think I'll be doing . . . with my penis
Real talk though my dogs kisses are healing
This man went on to die of diabetic ketoacidosis.
I wasn’t expecting the interactive ending. So perfect and so true. 

Everyone knows this isn’t the only medicine anyone needs, but certainly one of the bestest. ❤️🐾

Edit:It ended too soon, I wanted to stare at those big eyes a little 
longer. 

Edit#2: I just want to be clear to those who are distracting others with their whiny, crybaby over sensitive shit...Just stop it. 
The title is “The only medicine I need” referring to OP, not the entire over-medicated world. 

Unfortunately, I am personally very involved in polypharmacy, but would LOVE for this to be the only medicine I need and at times, it is.
I love dogs, but I don't think doggy kisses will help with my diabetes.
My depression is cured. 😍
That's good that its the only med you need. With the damn goverment deciding that people with chronic pain (yes i am one, among the many ailments i have, i just had brain surgery 2 weeks ago) do not need pain control, that's about all you can get. 
So we shouldn't seek help if we are depressed? Just have a dog lick us? I know this is supposed to be "cute" but 8t feels like one of those "man up and drink your problems away!" bullshit sentiments. 
I think you all need some of this medicine, considering how serious everyone is taking this. Lighten up.
What the hell is going on in this comment section? It's like a bombardment from pharmacy companies.

&#x200B;

"No no, you still need meds guys!!!1"
Very adorable, but no. 
No. No no no. Fuck this. Fuck everyone who thinks like this. If you need medicine, take it! And nobody - ill or well - should NEVER discourage others from taking their medicine. Nobody should be shamed for it, or get told that the only medicine they need is an animal, nature, essential oils, or any of that nonsense.

Fuck this post honestly.
I'll tell you what, last time I had pneumonia when no matter how many snuggled and kisses my dog gave me only think that helped was antibiotics. 
Should be prescribed by every doctor
Please brain, stop ruining this adorable scene
This made my day 100% brighter. Thank you
But what about the doggy paper cuts 
What's the old Reddit gag? Sigh *unzips*....
That's awesome 😅
r/unexpected
🤣 I love this! 
This isn’t cute. People who do things like this where they discredit medicines, which are incredibly important, with stuff like “all you need is fresh air” are incredibly rude. I hope you’re happy with yourself, OP
r/thanksimcured
Awwww!  ❤️
r/wowthanksimcured is gonna love this.
r/wowthanksimcured
I'd reference r/thanksimcured but...
r/wowthanksimcured
gay and fake. You are going to seriously injure yourself or others if you you stop taking your meds!
Eh. Mildly cute but maybe it could be phrased in a way that doesn't buy into the groups trying to denounce actual medical science a bit less and marginalize people who actually do need medication?
Yes! You won the internet today! 
Alright, this made me smile. 
I did not ever expect this and absolutely not prepared for it. 
[deleted]
r/oddlysatisfying
Amazing made my day 
Careful, recently Doggy kisses led to a man having his limbs amputated
 lol
There was so much suspense just for a mild feeling of discomfort
The only medicine I need, however, is Geodon and Lithium Carbonate.
I think there is a lot more to this love affair. 
Was expecting cowbell
OP type of dude to spread peanut butter on his gooch
Was anyone else expecting more cowbell?
I was really hoping for this to somehow end with cowbell. Not disappointed though
Legit made me smile. Thank you...
You think that's good? You should see the other side
Video of it [here](https://youtu.be/2tkYL20OZnQ) if you need lick sounds.  Two other flipbook videos starring Honeysuckles [here](https://youtu.be/6lGFCbXU6U8) and [here](https://youtu.be/74YAAEfG6Bk) 
Dogs are nice but I need my dex
I kept waiting for a little weed nugget to fall out. 
Dude, wheres your fat nugz?
Creepy.
[The] (https://imgur.com/a/trXImFo) only Medicine I Need
ITT: people who dont know the difference between "I" and "you".
"Enjoy this cute dog"

bUT mY DePrEsSiON
God is that dumb
I loved this post and, despite what most of the comments say,  OP obviously isn't anti-medication.
Can’t wait to go home and kiss my dog! 
Hahaha, this is fab. So cute. 
WOW! That got a proper physical laugh out of me. 
r/wowthanksimcured
Where can I get one of these pupscriptions?
Some people say laughter is the best medicine but I think it's probably morphine.
Wow!
Poor doggy getting papercut tounge
It is a dangerous medicine, you can easily get addicted.
Gloryhole?

/r/wowthanksimcured 
I upvoted before I saw the pup. I knew it was a pup!!
Happiness was behind that book.
Happiness was hiding behind that book.
The only medicine I need is a couple of drops of doTERRA ON Guard in my enemas. 
Glory hole?
Wow you don't say? So all along the cure for cancer, mental illness, diabetes, aids\HIV, dementia, and more was right in front of our faces all along? Thanks asshole!
give credit to the person you stole that from
r/thanksimcured
r/wowthanksimcured
 

I am a 71 year old female, I was diagnosed of Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) in 2015 , my symptoms started out with muscle weakness, difficulty speaking, fatigue , double vision, difficulty swallowing and anxiety. I was unable to go back to work, I tried Riluzole (Rilutek) for about a year. Tried every shot available, but nothing worked.My ALS Disease got significantly worse and unbearable because of my cognitive thinking. In 2017, I started on ALS Herbal formula from Natural Herbal Gardens, the treatment worked incredibly for my ALS condition. I used the Natural ALS Herbal formula for a total time period of 3 months, it totally reversed my ALS. I had a total decline of all symptoms including muscle spasms, difficulty swallowing, drooling and others. Sometimes, i totally forget i ever had ALS. Visit Natural Herbal Gardens web-site ww w. naturalherbalgardens. com. I am very pleased with this treatment. I eat well, sleep well and exercise regularly. My attitude is extremely positive.
Right. Everyone stop. Reddit is now over.
Between you and me (and everyone on Reddit), it wouldn’t happen. I’m glad you redeemed  yourself in the eyes of Hitchens and Sagan
Cute but I can sew this going very wrong.
Was waiting for a little nug of weed to pop of out the bottle when it fell over on its side. 
Also SCP-500. But doggy kisses are a nice alternative :)
Lorazepam 
Redditers commenting:

While “puppy kisses” are all well and good this gif is extremely misleading...
r/dontputyourdickinthat 
Jaja WoW 
