I grew up in the UK so we didn't have Mr. Rogers and I feel like I really missed out. He is so pure and good.
>The man responsible for the elation on Rogers’s face was Jeff Erlanger, a 29-year-old from Madison, Wisconsin who became a quadriplegic at a young age after undergoing spinal surgery to remove a tumor. Rogers was surprised because Erlanger had appeared on his show nearly 20 years prior, in 1980, to help kids understand how people with physical challenges adapt to life’s challenges. [Here’s his first encounter with the host.](https://youtu.be/5BZlyxS37Kk)

>Reunited on stage after two decades, Erlanger referred to the song “It’s You I Like,” which the two sang during their initial meeting. “On behalf of millions of children and grown-ups,” Erlanger said, “it’s you I like.” The audience, including a visibly moved Candice Bergen, rose to their feet to give both men a standing ovation.

https://mentalfloss.com/article/504562/sweet-surprise-reunion-mr-rogers-never-saw-coming
I love how he doesn't wait for introductions or even goes around the stage to get to the steps. No, he sees him and he's just so excited he climbs over.

What a pure man.
Mr. Rogers immediately recognised him after so much time. He was a true idol and hero
I was wearing a red sweater to work (over my dress shirt) and a guy tried to roast me calling it a grandpa sweater saying I look like Mr Rogers. 

Jokes on you fool, Mr Rogers is my hero. 
I fucking love Mr Rogers. If only we could all try to emulate him, what a world that would be. 
If you haven't seen the documentary "Won't You Be My Neighbor?", you should. The scene with him as a kid got the tears flowing for me, and once again when this happened. 
This scene is amazing, just watched the documentary [Won't You Be My Neighbor?](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt7681902/), I grew up with this man on TV and I had no idea what impact he had on everything from anti bullying to the 9/11 PSA. I mean this is a guy that filmed his whole 1765 (I think) episodes in the same Pittsburgh Studio spanning 4 or 5 generations, and managed to help pretty well all of them.  He started his show just after the Kennedy Assassination, and Daniel the puppet came right out and asked about it, blew my mind! The documentary is heart wrenching at the end but it is totally worth it!
I’m from Scotland and Mr Rogers was someone I only ever heard about in American films and tv shows and there was never much context. 

The first time I was made aware of him as an adult was watching a video showing the episode where he showed kindness and compassion to his mail man who was played by a black guy back in the day when black people’s rights were being trampled. He seems like the right kind of guy to be proud of. I can see why people love him so much. 
I'm shocked at how easily he got up on stage. I would have had to roll my fatass onto the stage
I'm about as far away from a religious man as you can get.  But I can honestly say Mr. Rogers was a god-send.
Mr Rogers was a TRUE everyday hero
A most Genuine human being who is still making an impact 
[Source video](https://youtu.be/TcNxY4TudXo) of the encounter. Very touching.
I've never watched his show. This makes me wanna start watching it 
I remember having a very loud argument with my dad because I HAD to watch Mr. Rogers and he wanted to watch the stupid moon landing. 

I grew up in Pittsburgh and got to tour the studio where he filmed.  It sort of spoiled it for me a bit.  Empty puppets are creepy. But I did get to sit on Chef Brockett's lap.  
I think Mr. Rogers was more of a saint than many canonized saints probably were. Legitimately.
Mr Rodgers surpasses even dog rank on the best people scale.
The guy just went for the stage and ignored the stairs? Holy shit man lucky sob was extremely healthy for his age. 
He did an autograph signing at a store I worked at. I was manning the line up, and I met one dad and his two toddlers who had drove 2 hours to meet him. Upon seeing the line, dad knew they wouldn’t get the chance to meet Mister Rogers and poor dad began leaving with his 2 crying toddlers. 😢 I mentioned to Mister Rogers that a dad and his 2 kids drove 2 hours to see him, but just left because they weren’t going to make the cut off. He told me to bring the dad in pronto. I chased dad down just outside the store, his son was still crying, and I told them that Mister Rogers wanted to meet them. They were overjoyed. He asked the crying toddler to sing him a song. His kindness really struck me.

He is genuinely like the man you see on TV. Really easy going and a truly good hearted soul.


No hesitation, he gets up and goes to him straight away. So wholesome, what a great man he was. 
I’m a middle school teacher, and after I saw the *Won’t You Be My Neighbor* documentary over the summer, I fell in love with this quote that Mr. Rogers said at a college graduation speech: “You don’t ever have to do anything sensational for people to love you.” I wrote the quote out on some large paper, added a pic of Fred Rogers, laminated it, and now it hangs in my classroom as a reminder to my students that they are all worthy of love.
Oh now I want to see that documentary about him more than ever. Such a kind and loving man ❤️
i grew up dirt poor, and this man was part of my life as a kid it always fucking ulgy tears when i see him. even though i was poor i never felt alone or scared when we watched him he was a good dude
Fred Rogers is a saint and an American treasure!!
The more I learn about Mr.Rogers the more convinced I become that he was one of the greatest human beings of our generation. 
His philosophy on life is beautiful. 
My only regret is being too young to appreciate how special this guy and his show were. My memories of watching the show are a hazy collage, but gosh do I miss Mr. Rogers...what an amazing man. 
Seriously though, Mister Rogers [fought with his wife](https://www.explainxkcd.com/wiki/images/9/9a/temper.png)
Fred Roger's real middle name is McFeely (like the mailman in his show) which I always thought was great and have used as a video game handle for a long time. It wasn't until much later that I started to see how much of an incredible human he was and fell even more in love with the guy because of it. Just recently saw "Won't you be my neighbor" and tears up half a dozen times. Awesome piece. We all miss you, neighbor :')
I feel like we UK people really missed out on something. We don't really know who Mr Rogers is. 
My 3 yo just discovered the original Mr. Rogers. No Daniel tiger. I am also rediscovering him and its a great show!
He needs his own Saint candle
You should watch this entire thing on YouTube it’s beautiful 
Bob Ross and Mr. Rogers are proof that people of Faith can be excellent people. I hope people do realize that. I am a person of strong Faith and I try to be the best person I can be. A lot of folks do not like that. I hate that so many bring that reputation to us. 

Just know there are some out there.
America needs another Mr. Rogers right about now
I am 1 year cancer free at age 25 and am fairly certain I survived because of the goodness of Mr. Rogers. This video made my day. 
I was born too late to witness Mr Rodgers alive. What episode should I start on for the wholesome ride?
Just fucking cried. He was so happy to see him! Immediately got up and went to hug him like son he hadn’t seen in years. 
[deleted]
My kids watch Daniel Tigers Neighborhood, and I sing the song at the end, but it’s not the same without him changing his shoes and jacket so precisely 😢
He's like Mother Theresa if Mother Theresa was, like, a good and kind person with no agenda other than to help and inspire people.
Mr. Rogers is the type of man I want all Christians to aspire to be (everybody else too obviously). He is a great role model, and I miss him. :(
I've posted about this before, but I lived next door to Mr. Rogers. Exactly as wholesome as you think. He was the best neighbor. Quiet, kind, always waving hello. My parents were very strict about not "bugging" him, but as kids,my brother and I we're always too nervous to knock on his door anyway! He was a celebrity and we were awestruck every time we saw him. 
143 <3
I'm British, so I know little about Mr. Rogers.  However, you know those celebrities who seem completely wholesome in their public image, but who also seem like they have a dark secret of some kind?  Like Bill Cosby, for example?  Well, he seems nothing like them.  From everything I can gather, he seems to be 100% the real deal.
I saw this on the documentary.  What struck me: At that moment, Fred Rogers was zoned in on Jeff.  There was no one else in that room but Fred and Jeff.  To see the genuine adoration and care Fred had for his friend, at that moment, as he bee lined on stage to hug and greet his friend without any care for decorum or process of the presentation, was truly heart warming.    

  
Fred makes me want to be a better person, and I hope that just once, I like something as much as Fred does.  
How can I upvote something twice? 
We need more people like Mr Rogers on this planet.
I urge all of you to watch "Won't You Be My Neighbor?" I had always heard of Mr. Rodgers but I wasn't aware of the massive impact he had on children's TV, and TV in general. I wish I could've met him.
This shitty earth did not deserve Rogers, Ross, or Irwin.  I'm so lucky I got to watch all 3 in my lifetime.
That doesn’t look like Tom Hanks!
Damn and he goes out of his way to climb on stage and say hi

I wish I had half the goodness Mr Rogers had
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TcNxY4TudXo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TcNxY4TudXo)
I just watched this on YouTube and couldn't stop crying. Where is he when we need him? In Canada we had our version of Mr Rogers called Mr Dressup. Not quite as poignant but he helped me through a lot and so did Mr Rogers.

  


Source. You know. Because you want to cry.

  


https://youtu.be/TcNxY4TudXo
Guys, is it possible Fred Roger's was actually, in fact, Jesus?
I grew up watching this wonderful human being and raised my children using his loving words. A couple weeks ago, my 29 year old son came over and asked me to watch a documentary of one of his heroes with him. It was the Fred Rogers documentary. I had no idea he even really knew who he was besides what i had told him. It was a beautiful documentary, but it made me smile to think about how many other second generation kids must be out there growing up to be kind and loving souls because of this man. I will absolutely be sharing this post with my son. Thank you!
We never deserved Mister Rogers. Too good for us humans. 
I'm not crying you're crying
His reaction is so pure and filled with real joy. My hope for humanity  is restored.
I love Mr. Rogers so much.
My boyfriend’s grandfather was roommates with Mr, Rogers for a year at Dartmouth. Said even then he was exactly who you saw on the TV, incredibly nice and kind, never causing trouble. He didn’t know him for long but I just think that’s neat.
Mr. Rogers is probably the overall top scorer of the Good place
We didn't have Mr. Rogers in my country so I didn't grow up with him. As an adult I checked him out to see what all the hype was about and I can honestly say that he deserves the hype. What a beautiful human being. 

He's easily one of my favorite people and has become a hero of mine.
[deleted]
Well. That's enough internet for me today.

Seriously, after reading something so pure and wholesome, why keep hanging around and ruin it? We were truly undeserving for all the goodness Mister Rogers radiated 
The world is a better place for having Fred Rogers in it for a brief time.
I just can't love this enough!
True example of a great human!!!
He was too good for us. Too wholesome, too loving, just amazing 
Mr. Rogers is the true dad of America. Not convicted felon Bill Crosby. 
I loved the show while growing up. But I think it's taken me becoming an adult to see how truly magical this man, and his mission in life, was. What a world treasure.
Seeing this the day after the Ford/Kavanaugh hearing just made me break down in tears in the middle of my office.  I miss the country I grew up in. I miss decency.
I just came here to say that Jeff was my camp counselor at OSRUI in 7th or 8th grade. He was a really decent dude and I have positive memories of him. He was always super interesting and kind.
How awesome was Fred Rogers?
I'm convinced this is one of the greatest men who ever lived. I watched his show here and there but I never appreciated the values until I was older. And now recently I've been seeing so many wholesome clips/interviews with him that it makes me wish I watched every episode.

Rest easy Mr Rogers. 
I'm a grown ass man and I cried.
I need mr Rogers so bad right now 
We should have cloned hundreds of this man.
I love how he immediately recognized him and went straight to him for a hug. 
Never got linked to any scandals and was by all accounts, a generally amazing  guy. 

Rest his soul! 
I really wish we had a Mr Rogers around today. The world feels so scary and messed up, I wish someone amazing and kind would tell is it's gonna be alright :(
That *fuck all standard ettiquette, I'm so excited I'll just climb up on stage right here* response.  What a BOSS
Any one else impressed that Mr. Rogers able to step up onto the stage like that?  Mad props to anyone his age who can lift their body weight with one leg when the supporting foot is thigh height.  Add this to the list of why he is a hero!
So I lived in Pittsburgh for a while, and I actually met Fred Rogers two times.   The very first time I met him, I was a college student and he spoke with me and then gave me a hug at the end of a short conversation.   Three years later I run into him again and HE REMEMBERED ME!  It was crazy.  He immediately gave me a hug and asked how I was doing and remembered details from a 5 minute conversation 3 years earlier.

He really is this nice and amazing.
Mr. Rogers is like the ultimate person. We def don't deserve him. 
I miss this man so damn much. 
His 6 minute speech has changed the live of so many redditors! How can one man care so much for millions of children he never met? What a saint.

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fKy7ljRr0AA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fKy7ljRr0AA)
Fred Rogers really was one of the best people to ever live.
Is it raining inside today?
Mr Rogers is the man we’ve always needed but have never deserved. 
He's everything that is pure.
[https://vimeo.com/187345967](https://vimeo.com/187345967) original clip from the show 
BTW, Tom Hanks is playing Mr Rogers in a movie coming out in October '19...

https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DoHxyR1VsAALjqR.jpg
I wish we had more men like Mr. Rogers. 
This world just didn't deserve this man.
I love you Mr. Rogers. For the longest time you were my only friend and even now when I go through difficult times I still think of you. My son watches Daniel Tiger’s neighborhood and I always tell him about a man who was named Mr. Rogers - my friend. I miss you and I love you.
The kindest man on earth...he called People after the show just to talk to them and thank them that HE could meet them..he would also call them on their birthday to wish them the very best...him and bob ross are in super heaven right now
I have consistently mixed feelings about a reddit that unites behind someone who would want us to spare no expense to provide each other health care, because I just know not everyone who upvoted this post believes we should do it. Charities and go fund mes are not the answer and they're certainly not what Mr Rogers would have wanted us to rely on.
Mr. Rodgers left us when we started needing him the most. I wish he was still alive to help us remember to be *kind*.
I’m a simple man. 
I see Fred Rogers, I upvote. 
And now I’m sobbing in the middle of an airport 
This is the only human being on our entire planet that would have ever been worthy enough to use an elixir of life. I’m so sad 
I hope to God that I can be as genuine as him someday. Every time he meets someone, he literally makes them feel like the only person in the world 
the last decent republican
Public Service Announcement:

Mister Rogers' Neighborhood is streaming free on Amazon Prime (in the US, at least).
Supposedly interviewers had trouble trying to interview him as he was so focused on making genuine connections with the people he met- he was more interested in conversing and getting to know a new person than being the focus of an interview. There's many stories of him following the interviews with a letter thanking them for the experience and wishing them well.

I can well believe that anyone who met him was remembered by him no matter how long it had been. 
From this,I can't begin to fathom the influence he's had on people by being so genuine and caring; that one experience could, I'm sure, make people believe that there are more good people out there than they may have thought.

Whilst I grew up in the UK, and never knew his TV show, I enjoy hearing that such a lovely person existed .
leave it to Mr. Rogers to show the world how to to warm greet someone **without** groping them. 
If I had money I would give this gold

&#x200B;
I’m not crying, you’re crying.
Now I just want to watch Mr. Rogers all afternoon and cry. I miss this man so much
We didn’t deserve Mr. Rogers 
I don't know who Mister Rogers is but I like him already after reading the comments
god dammit Mister Rogers.....I was not ready to feel anything today 
I don’t know much about Mr. Rogers, and I didn’t grow up watching his show, seemingly a generation too late. But o have found myself tearing up quite a few posts related to this man.

He seems to be as wholesome as humans come. You have gotta love it. 
He’s the grandpa we never had
If it ever comes out that Mr. Rogers was a Cosby-style monster, I am just gonna end it all that day 
Mr. Rogers was to genuine and wholesome for this world. Im glad that I was able to be alive for a little while he was.
My favorite part of this video is he was so happy to see him, he said “screw the stairs” and hopped right up. Forget being at some fancy award show, he has a neighbor to hug. 
Mr. Rogers is the closest thing we have to Santa Claus.  
When I'm having a bad day I go to YouTube, type Mr. Rogers in the search bar, pick a random clip. Afterwards the day doesn't seem too bad. 
Mr. Rogers was such a G. He's like nah thus is my friend I'm going to say hi. I don't care what anyone has to say about it
Did anybody else see the Candid Camera clip of Mr. Rogers? They tried to troll him, but...
As an European. Who is Mr. Rogers? 
jesus christ who is cutting all those onions here
We don’t deserve him. 
What is there not to love about this man? He did a ton for children's, television, and many are the times that my daughter and I sat and watched his magic.
Literally the most wholesome human being ever
I will lose all faith in humanity if someone ever comes out accusing Mr Rogers of assault or something like that. 
When I see stuff like this, I'm genuinely sad that I grew up in a time and place where Mr.Rogers wasn't a thing on TV. I only found out about him a few years ago and it saddens me. He's just so nice
If you haven’t seen the Mr. Rogers documentary yet, do yourself a favor and go see it.  I’m a grown man (almost 48 years old) and I was close to tears the whole movie.
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TcNxY4TudXo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TcNxY4TudXo)

Listen to his speech afterwards. 

Full disclosure, you will weep like a newborn baby. 
I needed that to stave off the darkness today.  Good job OP!
Come on guys! This is my last day at a job of 12+ years today before I start my new career on Monday. I am emotional enough as it is. I can't handle Mister Rogers stuff today!!
Can we petition Twitch to stream 24/7 of Mr Rodgers neighborhood?
I'm a Brit so don't understand how important Mr Rogers was to some people but this video and the original got me in the feels.  You bastards.
if there is one guy in the entire world that should get the gift of immortality, its Mr. Rogers.  Hes such a kind, thoughtful, amazing person.  I miss him :(.  This clip is so wholesome i love it.
We truly didn't deserve Fred Rogers.
I prefer to think Mr. Rogers didn’t die he just entered the time stream. The amount of follow up he did with people he met only once is unreal. Thank you cards, birthday notes, phone calls. Journalists hated interviewing him because he didn’t talk about himself; he moved the conversation to them and what was going on in their life. Then he encouraged them or consoled them and followed up sometimes years later. 
Mr. Rogers was so excited that he nearly fell offstage! What a pure, heartfelt moment. 
I was feeling down but this has given me hope. 
If you could take 1% of the 1000% percent of goodness that is Mr. Rogers you'd be a decent person.
If you could take 1% of the 1000% percent of goodness that is Mr. Rogers you'd be a decent person.
I just broke down a bit...

We need him now more than ever.
If anything comes out about Mr. Rodgers being anything but the saint that he seems to be, I'm not sure I can go on.
Who's peeling onions all up in here?!?
To all the people ITT (myself included) saying how great it would be if we could all be like mr rogers: what are you doing today to emulate him and be a good person?
Why are my eyes leaking 
seriously people shouldn't every household have a framed picture of Mr Rogers on their wall?
I think that's what it's like in Heaven, when God sees us coming to him.  Pure Joy.
I love this man. Such a pure soul. If I ever have kids his show is what I will show them for sure.
Imagine if Mr Rogers had lived long enough to do an AMA on here. It would have been the most amazing AMA ever to have happened.
Love how he recognizes him immediately, so sweet
I'm from Pittsburgh, and when I was little my mom told me that in a way, we were really in his neighborhood, and that always made me so happy. Absolutely my hero
I wish I had more of him throughout my childhood.  I would have loved having him teach me life lesson up into my teens/early adult years.
We need Mr. Rogers now more than ever. 
I can't help but cry when I see or hear anything about Mr Rogers. In many ways his death synchronized so perfectly with the apparent collapse of human decency that it feels a bit mythological. 
When I saw this scene in "Won't You Be My Neighbor?" it was probably the tenth time I shed tears.  I felt like I cried during this because Mr. Rogers genuinely seemed like the most pure, selfless person.  When the credits rolled I found it difficult to not continue tearing up because I thought the world could use a public figure like him.  I'm a 32 year old man and I'd never been so profoundly affected by a piece of cinema prior to this. 
[deleted]
Mr. Rogers was truly a great American.  It be nice to see more t.v. programming that has the ideals and mentality of Mr. Rogers.  No agendas, no biases....just good ole happiness and joy.
We didn’t deserve to have Mister Rogers
We never deserved that man
I’m so glad that not only did we get to have such a wonderful person be a part of our lives but also lived up to everything positive said about him. What an extraordinarily genuine human being that man was. 

I love him. 
We did not deserve Mr. Rogers. I miss that man. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q3vp-EXQ5Rs&t=400s
He's *so* wholesome. What a world it would be if everyone were like him
There was nobody else in that room once he saw that wheelchair
I've literally never seen a reddit comment disparaging Mr. Rogers. Even when I sort by controversial.

Let the gravity of that sink in for a moment.
I love how he jumps on stage immediately without concern for pomp and circumstance, as few would.  If more people of religious beliefs were like Mr. Rogers in representation of their values, I would find it much easier to believe in a higher purpose.  
[removed]
I'm frickin sobbing at 1am over how elated he is to see this young man he knew as a child, it's such a truly wholesome and pure interaction. I can only hope to be half as good a person as Mister Rogers in life. 
Mr Rogers ... I feel so jaded, how did you avoid this feeling ? He was simply on another level of consciousness and empathy. 
i didn't read the title so i thought this was a gif of stephen hawking coming out to surprise bill nye.
Seriously - is there a man or woman out there with a heart and soul like that of Mr. Rogers?  The man was a Saint.
If there are any of those old, bitter men whose job it seems to be to bash everything young people think or do who actually want to know why everyone in this generation thinks he/she is a snowflake, this is it. It’s because good men like Mr. Rogers told us we were special and I will always believe the words of a gentle, kind, honest man calling me special over the words of an angry, arrogant, self-righteous man telling me I’m nobody.

Always.
I get so sick of people implying Mister Rogers was secretly a pedophile simply because he was a wholesome, loving man. Why can’t people just accept that there actually are people in this world that are pure and good like Mister Rogers?
I just saw his youtube documentary last night, 10/10 will rewatch the show now. What a guy
What a treasure you were, Mr. Rogers.
No matter what I see him doing, it’s always so goddamn wholesome. I miss him:/
When I was living in NH, Mr Rogers granddaughter (or great niece, can’t remember) taught a few times as a substitute teacher. She was a very nice lady so that family is doing something right. 
Mister Rogers reminds me that people can be REALLY GREAT!  People can be kind, and we can all try a little harder.
His wife is really nice too. She shopped at the little neighborhood store I worked at at the time.
Mister rodgers meets ricky berwick (circa 1990)
God he's just so damn pure. What a guy.
Needed this today, thanks.
The look of sheer Joy on his face! It's so awesome!
stop it, just stop it! my heart can't handle this much kindness and love. 
He was the best. I’m all teary eyed now 
I am so heartened that people still appreciate Mr. Rogers. 
Mr. Rogers was the friggin' best.  

Unreal.  Unbelievable.
Thanks for making me cry today, ill never forget that episode.  
God Bless Mr. Rogers. 
I'm not crying, you're crying. 
That better be in the movie. 
Never watched any of Mr. Rogers tv shows. I only know him from videos like this, stories I’ve read and pictures I’ve seen. Definitely wish I’d watched his shows as a kid. I’ll for sure be introducing my kid to his shows when I have one. 
I cried when I saw this
I'm crying and pooping at the same time. 
No, you’ve got something in YOUR eye. 
I loved that kid! He seemed like such a great guy 
I miss Mr. Rogers so much. This world could really use some of his loving kindness right now.
Fred Rogers posts never fail to make my eyes misty.
Heres the video https://youtu.be/TcNxY4TudXo
This made me smile so much. Mr Rogers is so genuine
Mr Rogers is unbelievable. Unbelievably good. 

He is the one person who might just save us if the aliens come to this planet, trying to find out if they need to get rid of Humans or not. 
[deleted]
Finally a story about a public figure that isn’t accusing them  of rape. 
I'm not crying at my desk at work!!! You are. 
What did our species ever do to deserve this man? Ugh... my heart <3
Mister Rogers is a saint.
I have never seen a thread with so much agreement and positivity between users its a miracle
We really did not deserve that man.
He was such a genuinely good man. I feel privileged to have grown-up during his prime. We miss you, Mister Rogers.
The world became a bit darker when we lost this great man
We didn’t deserve this man. 
I always loved the silence that Mr. Rogers incorporated into his speeches.

So, like Mr. Rogers would say, let's take 30 seconds of silence and think of the person or people in your life that have influenced you positively, that taught you the good that is growing within you. I know they'd be happy to know that you thought of them right now.
Mr. Rogers is one of the very few celebrities whose death moved me to tears. He was a very real presence in our home growing up, and it felt as if I'd lost a real friend. 

TBH, I always thought Mrs. Lady Elaine Fairchild was creepy though. 
He was truly the best of us.
The look on that man's face as he saw the gentleman on stage, was the look of pure joy and the essence of the human spirit. God I miss him. :( 
[click this if you want to cry. ](https://youtu.be/Q3vp-EXQ5Rs) his speech is short but powerful. 
Man, this guy makes me so damn emotional
One of the best humans to ever walk the earth!
After watching this, knowing what Mr. Rogers has done through the ages, I have a lot to learn about life. 
I love how his immediate reaction is to hug him. Just like old times.
I'm tearing up. I don't cry. And I'm tearing up anyway
Mister Rogers is an amazing person. Let's also not forget [he's the winner of the Ultimate Showdown of Ultimate Destiny](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4WgT9gy4zQA) on top of all the awesome things he did for people like the boy in the OPs post.
this shit had me in TEARS when they showed it at the end of why won't you be my neighbor... god Mr. Rogers was a gem even though I didn't get a chance to watch his show back in the day
Anyone else would  have sat there and soaked in his introduction and waited to be introduced.  Not Mr. Rogers.  Friends are more important than decorum. 
it's weird to see mr rogers in a tux.
Who's cutting all these onions?
Couldn’t help but notice that Mister Rogers’ house isn’t wheelchair accessible. 

Seriously though, a more genuinely caring person has never existed. 
Mr Roger's is the last great saint of the modern world Nelson Mandela was the last great saint of this era to unite the world in his honor after his death
Love this.  What a great man.  I need a kleenex.
I want to start a new religion and worship Mr. Rogers, but there's no way he would allow it. 
We did not deserve Fred Rogers. 
Man, with Bill Cosby turning out to be a rapist, Mr Rogers is all we have left!
[here is an amazing 15 documentary](https://youtu.be/VpFElnPJO9w) that is about how incredible Fred Rogers was and includes quite a bit of the person in the motorized chair, probably my favorite YouTube documentary ever.
He wastes no time getting up there to say hi to an old friend.  Unstoppable force. 
Mr Rogers is too pure for this Earth 
This man was too pure for this world. 
My favorite thing to do as a child was to watch a show on rainy days. It was always so cheerful and pleasant. God bless this man!
This is a person for whom, if heaven exists, will get a first class ticket.
Just sees one of his people and goes to them, that's a great human being.
I can't watch this video without tearing up everytime
Omg. So many tears. 
I’m not very religious but I firmly believe that Mr. Rogers deserves to be a saint. 
I hope my future kids love Mister Rogers as much as I did.
"Be kind whenever possible. *It is always possible*" --HHDL
Mister Rogers is a national treasure
Truly heartwarming
This world didn't deserve such a great man
He was to pure for this world.
I am having the worst day at work and this just made me tear up! Wow❤️❤️
This is when kindness is so deep you curse expletives. 
I don't understand how you can make money, essentially, from just being a nice guy.
Made me smile.
What a glorious human being. As a Brit, I regret we never had him as a role model growing up.
That’s pretty cool 😎 
Why didn’t this man ever become president?
I’ve cried enough this week, thank you very much. Ok, I’ll just watch for a second. 
Crying. This is so pure.
We didn't deserve Mister Rogers. But I'm so sad that we had him for a very brief moment in time.
I watched Mr. Rogers as a kid too. Even now as a grown up anyone who has a kind , gentle , loving voice like his grabs my attention immediately. It’s something about the tone of his voice that is so soothing and comforting. He was an angel on earth for us as children growing up. 
TOO PURE FOR THIS WORLD
Can we talk about how much of a showman Mr Rogers was to remove his arm from crossing over and covering the shot?
We need someone like Mr. Rogers now in this crazy world :( 
The “it’s you I like” scene with this guy always brings me to tears. 
Without question one of the finest human beings to grace the earth.  Our world would be a better place if more people tried to emulate him and the things he taught us as children.
I wish this guy could of lived forever beyond just in our hearts. He was one of the few positive things in my childhood. I truly believe with all my heart that watching this man and his show when I was young has been the one single factor that kept me from being a product of my environment. 
His face genuinely lit up.

&nbsp;

[It's a terrible day for rain...](https://i.imgur.com/vPD5S87.gif)
God I miss that man. 
Mister Rogers is a beautiful person. I wish he could spread caring and love forever
Bruh chill. I’m in college you can’t have me crying in the library like that
Where are the ninjas and why do they always bring onions!
This is some good shit. Ya boi is cryin'.
I aspire to be as kind and genuine a human as he was. I don't think my goal is met, but it keeps me intending to do the next right thing.
I don't really know who Mr Rogers is, but every time I see anything about him is on how great of a person he is, and it makes me want to get to know about him and his work. 
Loved the show when I was a kid. And still get kinda teary eyed thinking about that man. I wish more would follow his footsteps... Imagine if we had him as a president, I mean like holy shit.
I'm not crying, you're crying
Mister Rogers is one of the best humans to walk this earth
In a day and age where entertainers have an awful lot to say that most people do not want to hear, I'd listen to Fred Rogers any day. 
This man is the best
How can one person put so many smiles on so many faces. There HAS to be more people like him out there.
Why cant we be more like him.
I’m not crying. I’m not crying. I’m not crying 😭❤️
I'm a hugger, hug someone if you can, you'll be surprised by the happiness that comes from such a simple gesture.
Dignity, kindness, and compassion on display.
Boy is that in short supply these days.
Am simple man don't need many word see Mister Rogers upvote
If there is any such thing as an angel, Mr. Rogers was it. I am a better woman for having watched him. I am so glad my parents had me watch him even tho I grew up past his time. A true hero. His lessons got me through so much. When my sister was born developmentally disabled, his lessons brought me ways to connect with her and love her. I will always be grateful to him, I hope there are ways that I can show future generations of my family Mr. Rodger’s Neighborhood. 
We need Mr. Rogers more than ever these days. It’s too bad we’ve fallen so far from the pure decency he relentlessly championed. 
Man I miss Mr. Roger's :(
What's makes this all the better is that Rogers knows who he is.
If we could all carry even a portion of the loving spirit of this beautiful man in our hearts, the world WOULD be a better place.
I have a special spot in my heart for this man.
I remember when I was younger and thinking how weird Mr. Roger was, now that I am much older I have learned what an absolutely incredible human being this man truly is. And a complete badass! I have yet to watch his documentary, I just know I will be crying like a baby. Bob Ross is another incredible person. And I used to think he was lame as a kid watching his boring paintings but now that I am grown and have more sense, I realized he’s another incredible and extremely talented human. God Bless them both. 
He was a nice man. I was going to say something snarky but I just can't. Even on Reddit. What a good person. Too bad we have so few people like him today. 
The world needs more Mister Rogers. A badass who knows it, but chooses to be the nicest and most genuine man on TV. 👏🏻
Who's peeling onions?
For 35 years Mr Rodger's has been a household name in my family. Although, it does help that we literally live in his "neighborhood" (Pittsburgh). Before this post, my wife and I were talking about him. I can't wait for the movie. Tom Hanks looks amazing as the part.

My favorite Mr Rodger's story ever is when his car was stolen. The thieves realized it was his car after they had stolen it, returned it and wrote him an apology note for stealing it.
I just love how he didn’t go for stairs,just bee-lined to that young man to give him a hug... true Mr. Rogers to the core
From "won't you be my neighbor" documentary. If you are a fan or not a fan, go see it. Mr Rogers is my hero. We need more people like him.
To think, Fox news tried to make Rogers look like the problem.  
Watching Mr Rogers always makes me cry. 
I live in Australia and I'd never even heard of Mr Rogers until now. Man it makes me sad to know someone this genuine is no longer around. If only we had more like him today. 
No matter however long ago this moment was, it will always bring a tear to me eye seeing that genuine smile I used to see as a kid watching his shows. 
Fraggle rock, reading rainbow, Mr rogers, bananas in pajamas. Wholesome childhood
Just a reminder: GOP tried on multiple occasions to cut the funding for this man’s show.
Please ELI5 Mr Rogers? 
When I finally find that porn vid I've looking for for years
I believe kids wouldn’t be so messed up if Mr. Rogers was watched everyday before and after school. I’m 36 and I cherish Mr. Rogers. He definitely wasn’t a bad influence on me. Thank God for him. 
I never really watched Mr. Rogers. I got a creepy vibe from the show (those puppets scared me). So I've always wondered if it was all an act and he was a total prick like so many actors, but this kinda answers that. Such a genuine and heart warming reaction.
Ok reddit I've given up. I'm a non-american redditor and I have no clue who Mister Rogers is. So anyone care to tl;dr me who he is and why he is everywhere recently?
Oh wow!
damn. I don't know if I"m just exhausted after an all-nighter studying for my exams, but that made me cry
Mr Rogers never fails to make me smile.
Will you be my friend?
Great
He was a pillar of pure good in this world. We didn't deserve him. 
He was so kind. ❤️ he’s one we should have cloned :)
Wholesome
Just through his reaction you can tell Mr Rogers had a good heart. 

Still missed heavily. 
The one day I decide to put make up on to work...and its ruined by tears.

Such a lovely moment.  
That person is a man
Aaaand I'm crying at work
*openly weeps*
I saw this clip in his documentary just a couple of weeks ago. Definitely made me ugly cry. 
I’ve never seen an episode of the show as we didn’t have it in the uk when I was growing up but damn this gave me goosebumps. What an inspiration this has been and will continue to be! 
You can feel the kindness watching this. Amazing 
Hail Sinfonia!
This is the perfect way to start a Friday. 
Way to start my day. I literally shed a tear. We need more people like Mr. Rodgers. 
Genuine soul.
This guy was such an epic boss
Mr. Rogers shit is killin it right now.
Duck those onions. Like damn. 
I'm not crying ,
You're crying
I miss this man, he showed us what it is to be kind to one another. Truly a special human being
Try not to cry.... Try not to cry..... Cries a lot.
Hey its Ricky!
He's a great man. Massive respect
We need someone like Fred Rogers around right now. 
He’s so fucking wholesome and pure I can’t even 😭😭😭
I didn't grow up watching Mr Rodgers, but this stuff still makes me tear up every time.
I was so taken with his actions in just jumping up on the stage without thinking.  This was obviously some kind of formal event and yet his only thought was to greet and hug his friend.  Wouldn't it be great if more people had the heart and mind of Mr. Rogers.
Saw this happen on the Mr. Rogers movie.

I can confirm that it was the most wholesome movie I have watched.
 

I got to meet Mr Rogers once. Exactly the same in person. Wonderful.
mr rogers looks so much like bill nye from the side!
I'm not crying! You're crying!

Sidenote: I have truly become cynical when I think how heartbreaking it would be if a scandal about him came to light. I know it won't but I worry about everything .-.
This is the foreman, Mitta Rogers. 
Mister Rogers was the main reason I watched PBS. Even though we never knew each other, it was almost like he welcomed us into his home with each episode. Truly a wonderful and genuine man!
Looove this video 😫 he skips the steps to hug him faster, he was truly the kindest person to ever live imo. 
Rogers was one of the few genuinely good human beings. He didn't do good things for thr accolades, he did good because to him there was no other option. It was engrained in his person to be good
One of the greatest examples of a human in recent history.
Oh that man, pure love.
All I want for Christmas is a complete Mr Rogers disk set
God, I remember that episode.
I am amending "What did we do to deserve doggo's?" to read "What did we do to deserve doggo's and Mr. Rogers?"
I know the saying has become a cliche but I feel like it fits, when it comes to Fred Rogers the world truly is a lesser place without him.
He is the epitome of human kindness. Just genuine good will to others. What a stand up guy. 
I lub Mister Rogers. A wholesome soul. <3
The delight on his face is beautiful.
Truly a man we need, but don’t deserve. Wow. 
Why do I cry at *every* image of Mr. Rogers? 
He is the best
He is the best
Come back Mr. Rogers we need you
Mr. Rogers was an amazing human being.
This man is fucking my god.
What a gem of a human being. 
My eyes are all watery. I must have allergies. 
Look at the high step from old age Rogers here
I want Mr Rogers to touch me like this 
When you read he is partly the reason we have DVR LOOOL can you imagine. 
Mr Rogers really seems like a beautiful soul
So fucking wholesome kms
Man I thought I was done crying when the credits rolled during the documentary, but boy they went in for the kill with this clip. I was ugly sobbing in the theater because of how pure and genuine this man is.
Darrel phylbin mitta rogers
This killed me...

Jeffrey Clay Erlanger was an American advocate and activist for disability rights. He is well known for his appearance on Mister Rogers' Neighborhood when he was 10 years old, talking about his electric wheelchair and why he used it. Wikipedia
Born: November 30, 1970, Madison, WI
Died: June 10, 2007, Madison, WI
1 mister Rogers can save millions from suicide
 I remember Mr. Rogers winning the ultimate showdown. True badass
This world didn't deserve such a wonderful man.
Thank you for posting this... I needed it.
Thank you for this. I needed this today. The world seems terrible and I think we need some kindness. 
Everyone should watch the documentary Will you be my neighbor. I cried every other scene that man was a treasure. 
Mr. Rogers come back we fucking need you right now. 
I have been asked a few times "if you could meet anyone alive or dead who would you want to meet" Mr. Rogers all day every day 
There's very little I can say here that hasn't already been said, aside from:

I miss you, Mister Rogers.
r/wholesomegifs
I wasn't prepared for this 
The US sure needed this today.
I don't cry much but every time I see Mr. Rogers being pure I really really want to
Wow wow wow! I never grew up with Mr Rogers but I wish I did. Fantastic :) 
FULL BODY GOOSEBUMPS UGH. HE WAS SO PURE.
I miss that man
The look of pure elation on his face got me. #whoscuttingonions
Tear jerker gif if ever there was one. 
Mr Rogers was such a good man 
Just came from reading something really depressing. How grateful I am to open up Reddit and see this.❤️
I've never seen an episode of his show, I gre up in England. Everything I've seen of this man since I arrived in the US makes me think he was a genuinely nice, good man.
We never deserved him. 
Reread Dsddn ik
Why the fuck am I crying
How do we watch the movie? Is it on Netflix or amazon prime?
lil tumble there

&#x200B;
Everytime I see posts about Mr Roger,  I get sad that I never watched him because I grew up in Germany. 

But we had Peter Lustig from Löwenzahn.  He was pretty cool.
If only we could all be half as sincere as Mr. Rogers! 💕
Mr. Rogers is the walking epitome of 
r/wholesome
Epic reactions. 
Why can we not live everyday with love towards each other??? Obviously everyone here and during the actual taping was crying.. why because we all know we need to be more like mr. rogers. 
We need more Mr. Rogers in our neighborhood.  In reality, we live in a fucked up society sprinkled with a few good men and women. 
Can people stop farming this amazing doc for its best parts. I'm so happy I saw it before every post this week spoiled it.
[deleted]
Soyboy face
How amazing would our country be if Mr Rogers was alive and our president right now?
I cried real tears watching this.
He's gold
I think Mr. Rogers Show should be watched by a lot of adults nowadays. Might do a lot of us good.  
And melted
Amazing human being
He is the pinnacle of good. 
Pure joy on both of their faces.  Priceless.
Ok yeah I had a feeling I’d get emotional seeing it. I so loved Mr Rogers as a kid—and being from Pittsburgh, I always felt a strong connection to him. I think I shall rent it this weekend ❤️
Can’t wait to see the edits of this clip.
Love Rogers... still some faith in Humans!
What a guy. Can’t wait for the movie with Tom Hanks. 
Rip
I didn't want to cry this morning. Damnit!
I watched the Mr. Rogers documentary on a flight a couple weeks ago.

I cried for almost the entire duration. It was incredible.
Mr Rogers is a God amongst men.
I forgot he passed away nearly 15 years ago for a split second. Saw this and made me think "Man, he still looks the same". I miss him.
I'm not crying, you're...oh hell, I'm crying.
What a unbelievably pure soul. It's a shame he was taken from this world too soon.
Ok, true story, me and that man used to see the same trauma therapist when we were kids. Weeeirrrrddd.
The boy looks very similar to the guy Nathan in southpark. 
Just got goosebumps. Such an amazing man. 
He was too good for this world. What a lovely man.
His face is one of pure elation, what an amazing human being 
How awesome was Fred Rogers?
I always wish i could catch up with the kids I used to take care of as a summer camp counselor. It’s been 15 years. I hope their lives ended up nicely. Will any of them remember me? 
I love all of this. 
We don’t deserve dogs, much like we didn’t deserve Mister Rogers.
“It’s You I Like” is the song he sang to him when he was a boy. 
I watch it for the calming effect-I have it in my Meditations folder.

(https://youtu.be/5BZlyxS37Kk) 
Such a wonderful person, thank you for sharing
I miss this man so very much.
It's you I like. 
No te dio a la 
NO YOU’RE FUCKING CRYING DAD
A great read: www.esquire.com/entertainment/tv/amp27134/can-you-say-hero-esq1198/
I'm loving all the Mister Rogers posts lately
We didn't deserve Mr. Rogers, but we needed him! We all need to try our best at being the person Mr. Rogers knows we can be. :')
SOUND?!!?! 

This head movie makes my eyes rain...
I went to school with that guy. He's dead now. 😢
Mister Rogers was an incredible person
Love n

 The entire Mister Roger’s Neighborhood series is available streaming on Amazon Prime! Daniel Tiger is adorable, but nothing will ever be the same as the man in the red sweater so happy to see you back again, Neighbor. 
r/TheRogersNeighborhood
If cameras didn't exist there would already be a cult surrounding mister Rogers talking about all the miracles he's worked and we'd all be ritualistically consuming his flesh every week.
I’m not crying, you’re crying
I feel like this could be one of those “find someone who looks at you the way X looks at Y” memes!
Does anyone remember that korn song about mr rogers? Thats all i can think about when i see or hear anything about him.
Oh Mr. Rogers! He was such a calming presence to watch and such a good example of how to deal with difficult emotions. It was a great show for kids. I can think of a lot of adults who would benefit from watching the show today.
Can't watch this again. Teared up just seeing 2 secs 
Can someone explain the Mister Rogers hype to me? Looks like i missed a lot
I grew up in Mexico, so I never heard of Mr Rogers growing up. Hearing my husband talk about him and watching these videos, I realize I missed out on a great person
He was the best carbon-based life form created on Earth to date.
I think Special Books by Special Kids will be the next Mr Rogers. So wholesome.
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood...
please don't end up being rapist or something too. Please. Not this man. 
If you haven't seen the 4hr interview Fred Rogers did, it's on youtube and is glorious. 
God Bless this man.. It's so heartwarming 
Some say the Red sweater never came off 
The world is a much worse place without mr Rogers 
Growing up, my dad was angry and unpredictable.  Mr. Roger's taught me to love unconditionally.  I consider him my "other" dad.  The one who taught me to be gentle and kind and loving.  
I wish there were more people like Mr. Rogers in the world today. Sadly there are more people who want to be famous for the wrong reasons. 
Can this man do wrong?!
The happiness in Mr Roger’s face makes me happy.  😊
This was in the recent documentary and I’m pretty sure if you hadn’t cried yet this was the point you started.
The instant recognition, the excited and genuine expression, the no hesitation hug. He was the man.
Best neighbor ever. 
Shut up, you're crying... 
Ah that made my heart so warm. Thank you OP!
The world is a better place for having Fred Rogers in it for a brief time.
I love how Mr. Rogers is all " HELL YEAH BROTHER! CHEERS FROM IRAQ!"
More Mr Rogers are needed in the world 
I swear, if this guy turns out to be a predator I will never trust anyone again.
what a damn nation treasure that man is. 
This guy is so good that I fear some bad fucking allegation gonna be around the corner soon. Like that British personality that fondled kids but nobody was brave enough to speak about it when he was alive. 
I teared up seeing this. The genuine surprise and adoration Mr. Rogers had here just can't be conveyed properly. I miss that man so much.
Made me feel some kinda way 
I remember that episode.
No I’m not crying it’s something in my eye
Genuine and heartwarming; the world needs more people like Mr. Rogers.
A young Stephen hawking?
Didn’t watch his show as I was all grown up but from everything I’ve seen and heard about this man, he was just about the finest version of a human being you can be.  
Did Mr Rogers ever lose his temper?
Doesn’t anybody dust around here?!?! Damn allergies making my eyes water. 
So wholesome 😭😭😭
We truly didn't deserve that man❤️
This is one repost I hope to never get tired of. 
I love Mr Rogers
I think it's fantastic to see the amazing work that Mr Rogers, Jim Henson and others like them have made to help generations of individuals become better than the one before them. And then I read today's news ...
Here's an article with the full video:  


 [http://mentalfloss.com/article/504562/sweet-surprise-reunion-mr-rogers-never-saw-coming](http://mentalfloss.com/article/504562/sweet-surprise-reunion-mr-rogers-never-saw-coming) 
Thought that was bill nye. 
I have only vague memories of his show as a child but I wish I'd watched more.  He seems like one of the most geniunely decent human beings I've ever heard of.
😭
THIS IS SO WHOLESOME 
Tears. What a beautiful and loving soul. 
The utter joy on both their faces....
So are we going to get "organically upvoted" Mr Rogers posts on the front page everyday until the movie releases next year?
Shit, this made my day. I remember that kid and thought the worse. Damn, what a great day.
Goddamnit I’m ugly crying already.
Oh my god without even knowing the backstory I teared up
Saving this for a rainy day. So damn wholesome.
come back, mr. Rogers 
Is someone cutting onions in here? Dammit, right in the feels on a Friday.
This gets me everytime.
[Link to moment](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TcNxY4TudXo)
Go get em! You can do it!! 
I recall that Candid Camera (or some similar program) tried to prank Mr Rogers. As Mr Rogers checked into a hotel room, the bellhop took his bags to his room and pointed out that there was no television. Mr Rogers said that's fine he doesn't watch tv too much. The bellhop continued to push to try to get a rise out of Mr Rogers. Finally, Mr Rogers politely asked the man to leave because he had to take a nap before his evening event.

I've never seen the actual video. Has anyone else? Know about a linK?
We all needed this. It’s like eye bleach for that horror show yesterday. 
Heart of Astatine.
Man do we need mister Rogers back up in this piece
The real life mr.squirrels
r/mademefuckingtearup
Wholesome 😩
Thats good
Who's Mr. Rogers?

