U better have got a bunnings snag while u were there
\*Update\* the owner (who is a little confused about what reddit is)  is EXTREMELY overjoyed that you all love his pup. He does not currently have wifi but I am updating him on the post. Thank you all :)
You can have all the balls in the whole world
Every night, when I got into bed, I would play fetch with my dog. And every morning I would wake up and the ball would be right next to my pillow where he had left it after I had finally falling asleep. He passed on almost two years ago but I still have that ball in my night stand.
Lowest prices really are just the beginning 
You gotta buy the entire store, no other way. 
Puppy doodle: https://imgur.com/6jWigIc 

edit: I have a little subreddit of my regular art if you want to browse around.  r/AnthonyChristopherArt . It's not exactly cute though. 
Australian pupper detected.
Omg YES! 

We will get you 28 more balls. 13 rope toys. 33 bones to chew and 7 different types of training treats. 

😁😁😁
"Where cute puppies are just the beginning!"
We can take puppies inside Bunnings?!!!
Take all the balls. Take everything, sweet lil pup.
I think we all know he’s only looking cute so he can get his hands on your Bunnings snag
He/she could have all of them, all the balls

Whew Im glad Ive been responsible enough to put off getting a pup till Im more financially stable, ‘cause I surely intend to spoil the heck out of whatever lovely nugget I get
Does this pup have an instagram??
You ever see a puppy so cute, you burst into tears? I'm a grown man, what the eff...
YES! YOU CAN HAVE ALL THE BALLS YOU WANT! I AM NOT WORTHY!
I failed a test and this made my week do a 180°😄
GET THEM THE BALL!! 10 BALLS!! ALL THE TREATS!! WITH WALKIES!!
You can have everything and anything you want, omg.
Make sure you get a democracy sausage while your there 
You can take the dog to Bunnings?!?!
I work at Bunnings. I wish all my customers were as cute as this doggo
Best thing that I have encountered ALL DAY was this post. 
Oh, c'mon! How can anyone deny that sweet face a new ball?
Swear if you didn't give him a whole case I'm starting a go fund me and that pupper is getting the whole damn petstore
I take my schipperke to bunnings often !  Best place to take him for a walk when its raining
Bunnings is the best store tho
You can have all the balls! 
Yes!
Lowest prices are just the beginning!
Mommy, tell me my rescue story!
We can get whatever you want, little pup!!
For the love of god get that dog another ball. 
*“Can we get another ball?”* Why not! (Bawling over here at his cuteness). Here take my heart and monies too! 
adorable but I’m 99% sure this is a repost.

Cute pitty anyway.
[deleted]
reminds me of little big planet when your sackboi is smiling with his tung out :D 
We going shopping baby!! Yeah!
awww so cute
This takes me back about 3 and a half years. That little guy is the spitting image of my pretty girl Ashes.
Hell frickin yeah you can!
God I love pits I can’t go in a store and not get mine a toy 
I think this is actually the cutest puppy I have ever seen 
“Sorry bud, this is a hardware store.”
Yes. Yes we can. 
Yes
That good pupper can have anything it would like! 
You get anything you want !
Yes.
Omg
jesus christ. so FUCKING CUTE
That dog looks like it needs another dose of ball.
Yes!
Yes!!❤️
Yes. 
Aww the cutie can get whatever they want! 
You kiss that face and you kiss it now!!
Omg! He could not be cuter if he was a cartoon!
Yes, you can have all of the balls 
Better make it 500
Yes pupper all the balls.
GIVE THAT DAWG A BALL!! What a cutie
Bunnings is selling puppies now?
he can have WHATEVER he wants forever 
AWWWE he looks just like my Günther (a Blue Neapolitan Mastiff) when he was a pup, my heart 💗 
Yes. A million times, yes. 
Good lord. That’s it, no point going on. I have seen the cutest thing life has to offer.
I would pour my entire life savings into buying this dog more tennis balls
you better give him/her 20 bags of goddamn balls!!!
You can have whatever you want, little pupper.
I feel like if I was a parent and my kid asked "can I get another toy" Id be able to say not this time, but if a puppy could ask I'd be so broke.
Oh that cutie would get all the tennis balls they wanted in my store!
lowest prices are just the beginning
I'm in love!!! 😍
This is the only thing helping me deal with the AFL LOSS today. 
sweet
OMFG!!!! Holly fuck 
He’s the goodest boi ever!!!!
This is so wholesome 
Awe you better have gotten him another ball 😍
Perfection 
That little cutie can have whatever it wants! You must give the pup lots of treats and snuggles.
That is the happiest pup I’ve ever seen
I would buy that dog literally anything 
I can not upvote anything as hard as I just did this!
His tung is soooo perfect
Yes..yes you can. Take all my coins too. I love you baby. 😭❤
For you? Absolutely!
 

Better make it two
This is what I imagine my dog looked like as a puppy. I adopted him from the shelter, 3 years ago so I never got to see him as a baby.
Love it when people down vote when they have zero personal time with one. It’s the owner idiots not the dogs. 

This is so cute but god i hate when people put their pets in shopping carts. 
he is so HAPPY! lol cute pup
Hardware store. Maybe the good boy had a bad moment.  New door knob?  Drywall? Flooring? 
Bunnings sells puppers now?!! brb
Pitbulls to the top!
Why would you bring a puppy into the hardware store? 
Sure thing buddy!
What a cute dog!
its a new ball, or your work boots 🐾
Thank you for reminding me to buy my dog another ball. The last one has been missing for months.
you can get another upvote 
“Everything the light touches is yours” this good baby deserves the world 
Think they'll have a similar one in that model? I'm in the market for a pupper
“ Son, those are doorhandles. Not balls.”
I uttered a gutteral, ancient sound of love, from my belly. 
Da little floofy boy!!
That's one ☺ happy little guy
YES! YES WE CAN 
Aussie Aussie Aussie
Yes, we can get another ball.
I’m living in Russia right now and I miss bunnings
Ohmygodyousweetbabyangel I will drain my bank account and get you all the balls ;_;
Adorable! With a pup like that the only correct answer is "yes, we can get what ever you want!" 
Smol boy!!!
Y are u at the knob section ur supposed to get that good boy another ball
whadda cutie
Errrrrrrmageeeeeeerd!
So cute

I would give this pup every ball that has ever existed and then give up my life 
Adorable!
I'm at work and audibly gasped.
All the balls!

Oh. My. Gosh! So sweet!! ♡
My heart. Such a cute face!
Cutie 
Yes anything for you 
You can have ALL the balls, buddy.  
Gots to get that puppy luv.
My heart had molten.
you are obliged now to get him all the balls in the store.
My heart is going to burst!
What a great picture!
I love it when dogs have their tongues out like this...it always looks like they are smiling-so cute!! 
Upvote because Bunnings! Hope you got a snag while you were there
Give this childe to me at once.
😍😍😍😍
My goodness I love him so much he’s adorable (or she) 
If you don’t get him the ball your heartless 
It deserves all the toys it wants!
Give this good boi all the damn balls
Eye bleach.
Cute!
Oh my gosh that is pure love and joy in that face!!
All of my troubles have just melted away
On that adorable note, remember that retail workers are not responsible for sanitizing the shopping carts.  Bring your own wipes.
With a face like that it's hard to be mad. I'd buy you all the balls dawg!
WANNA SQUISH DAT FACE 😍 
Yes. Yes we can. 
I can smell that puppy breath from here.
sure, I won't dissapoint you & the dog
So cute!
Wow so cute
If any pupper looks at me like that, or just looks at me, they’ll get anything they want!! Sooo cute! 
Literally tue cutest dog ive EVER SEEN!!!
As many as you want, absolutely.
We can get you 500 more balls 😭😭
Literally saw this on front page, had to jump to r/aww and upvote this. Awesome doggo.  
Yea you can have another ball little fella, you looking beautiful
You better get another ball.

Awww get that baby anything he wants! 
At least 7943509802983489230849 balls for this pupper.
That’s the cutest, happiest dog ever.
You have to say yes
No balls, only snags. SNAGS!!
The face of joy
With that face? You can have them all!
Who's a good boy? I'm a good boy!!! 
I’ll take two please!! 
With a face like that, he can have all the balls! 
cute puppy. what kind of dog is it? sooo happy puppy. 
Is that a pitty puppy?
I love him and want nothing but the best for him for the rest of ever. 
Oh my god, this little guy.... this little guy is just the best. Buy him the entire ball factory.
Get this goodboy another ball!!!!!!!
(Btw I never could shop properly in Bunnings if I bring my dog with me. Mr centre of attention)
I would go broke buying everything for that pup
Fucking adorable
Unless you're gonna chuck a bunno's snag like a boomerang for him, I don't think that good boy is gonna find any balls there.
Very Nice
Damn that’s a cute dog
Yes. Yes we can. I’ll buy you the entire fucking store.
Stop. This pup is too cute. I can’t handle it
Adorable 
Oh look so sweet, ,, what kind of dog?
What’s the breed of this cutie 
I buy lengths of rope for my boy at the hardware store and tie them in knots for him to tug, fetch, and chew on. Now when we go he drags me right to that aisle!
i want him RIGHT NOW
Get it a ball and not what looks like a doorknob or shower head. 
Oh dat pit baby with the smiles!!  
Beautiful!
So cute
woof!
He is So Cute 
Give him whatever he wants. 
Or, even better, a snag on the way out! 
That tongue!
No balls at Lowe’s 

Sorry
The most amazing part of this post is all of the Australians in the comments going apeshit because of Bunnings lmao. That's what the lowest price will do to people.
Just one? Please? You already took two of mine
Pipples have the best doggy smiles. ❤️❤️❤️
Awwwww
And yess we can!!!
Give him all the balls!
Awww
Awwww what a cute sprinkler head chewer-offer!  Seriously...adorable 
Good luck keeping that pup with an intact ball. My boy that looked just like this when young will get a heavy duty toy and play with it for 5 minutes before it is gone
The most beautiful dog in the whole world
Heck yeah you can!
This was the best post to open Reddit to. Thank you kind sir/madam. 
Love love love!!!
Anything you want, you can have ALL. THE. BALLS.
He looks so happy 😄
Puppet Love!!☺
He's adorable !!
I want to give him pets so bad
I have never up voted before, because i, unfortunately am one of those terrible humans. But this literally made my day, thank you. 
To cute for words!! 
Take all the balls!
This actually awwed me to tears, good pupper.
Dogs are so simple, all they want is your time.
Omggggggg, I just fell in love x99900009990909000000000000
Such a cute pup!! I'm in love!! ToT! xoxoxoxox
I will buy that sweet baby any toy they want
I wanna have a pet dog already. im so lonely 😢
Can I borrow him for 15 years
What doggo is that?
Hope you guys got some snaaaaags mateee
Oh you sweet baby!
Fuck yes Bunnings 
DANG IT I’m never at the right Bunnings at the right time, I have never seen a pupper there in my life, let alone a freaking adorable blue tiny one 😩
With that face the answer is always "yes".
Wow, maybe the cutest puppy I've ever seen.
Yes you may.
I just wanna smash the like button. This is too cute 😍
Hell frickin yeah you can!
_BUNNINGS WAREHOUSE_
Why do I never come across cute puppas when I visit Bunnings? :(
Oh, c'mon! How can anyone deny that sweet face a new ball?
.......(puts ten balls in cart.......
Every 3-6 months I have a dream about a gorgeous little blue pibble pup falling into my lap (figuratively), and my SO says we can keep her. She's always a she and usually looks a little different each time, but we don't have the room for a second dog so it's uncharacteristic for him to say it's okay to keep her. The amount of love I instantly feel for this little baby is overwhelming. I can't wait for the day I can make that dream come true. 
There is nothing more adorable than a pupper with a ball! Reward this goodin' with a glow in the dark ball! 
You can have whatever you want with that smile, puppers!!!
This pic was the perfect way to start my day. 
i had no idea bunnings let you take your dog inside. this changes everything
😭😭
Upvoted for Bunnings 
After buying all the balls, OP is now broke, hence the near-empty cart.
Wow I am amazed. Apart from my dog being a lot bigger now as she's nearly 2, this pup looks exactly the same as mine! The white chest, little white parts on the toes, blue everywhere else. 
This takes me back about 3 and a half years. That little guy is the spitting image of my pretty girl Ashes.
Taking the dogs to get the snags eh?
No we ca.... okay okay, we can get another ball. Oh and some treats too. 
GET HIM ANOTHER FUCKING BALL!!! 
More importantly, did puppers get a Bunnings snag on the way out?
Either an Aussie or a kiwi :p
Get this man a fuckin' snag!
Bunnings don't sell balls.
Lowest prices are just the beginning 
U can have every single ball ever 
do they sell dog toys at places like this?
Aww...yah cutie Patoutie you can't get a million more balls, just being so cute and happy!
He stole my heart away
Why do I love puppies but hate little kids? WTF brain it’s your own species!
I want one
THAT SMILE
Cute pupper
What a beautiful puppy!!! You are lucky to have him!!
A puppy I can deal with. It's a pit bull on a heavy chain at home depot that gives me pause.  Why do they even let them in the store
Is that a pitty
You can have all the balls! 
Yes! And I'll up you one.. how about a ball... on a rope!
You can have a 100 more. A thousand more. 
Looks like my pup Freya at that age. Take many pics. They grow up waaaay too fast. I highly recommend KONG balls. They're the only ones I've found that are even remotely Pibbie "proof", as if such a thing is even truly possible, and most Pibs love tug-o-war, so a good thick rope is always hand too. Happy Shopping! 
What breed is the lil guy? He’s so cute!
No.  Go to your room.  -nobody ever 
Pit bull?
I honestly can’t even handle how cute this is. I feel like my head is going to self destruct. 
I didn't know I could bring my dogs to Bunnings
Please tell me you got him another ball!
When it grows older it will be a dangerous creature that will want to bite and could be mortal. So it is not cute at all
Uh, this is a hardware store. No balls. Its ballless.
I see that there is a lot of pitbull content on the front page. Do most people like pitbulls and is this why this happens, or could there be brigading? I really dislike this breed of dog and likely the owners.

&#x200B;

I'm trying to, but I can't find this cute when I heard about the frequency and number of injuries this breed and crossbreeds has.

&#x200B;
LOL Of course!
Cute Picture 
If that pup,doesn't get anything he/she wants, there'll be hell to pay from the Internet!
no but I will take one puppy,   this cutie here,   for two balls
He can have them all!
Please post more photos 
Doorknob shopping
Sadly, I don't think Bunnings sells balls. My local one, though, has a Petbarn on the other end of the carpark.
is that a blue great dane, so cute, i got one couple weeks ago and they are the best 
What. A. Goober! :)
Aww! He is so cute
In the case of my dog, it's more like, "can we get 8,162 balls?"
That’s so cute!!
They sell balls at the home improvement store?
YESSS
What! My tiny puppy had an injury and on the way home from the vet we tried to pop into Bunnings and the doorman said we couldn’t bring Jakey in. I wonder if the rules have changed or Parafield isnt pet friendly 
I really said awww when I see him..
OP if you didn't get a ball...you should be ashamed of yourself!
soft
One of the guys at work has the slightly older version of this pup. She’s a terror, but so cute!
I miss Bunnings... Hello from Thailand!
Nope only g’s
Thank you kind stranger who gave me gold :)
Be still my heart. This is what I imagine my pitty looked like as a puppy 💜
You leget dont want two. We just got two and they are a lot of work.
He doesn’t want a ball, he wants the sausage sandwich’s that they’re selling in the car park 
Absolutely 
Great name !! That smile will light up your darkest days 
BACOOOOON
At Bunnings Warehouse!
The important thing to remember is that we have low low prices.
Bunnos 👌
Are we getting new handles for the cabinets?!?

(I get that excited about cupboard accessories also)
Or is he excited for the snag on the way out?
No, lol.
Woah
Is that a cane corso?
Yes. You can have every ball that we can find. Forever. 
what kind of dog is this?
They don’t sell balls at Bunnings though ...
Yessss, you fucking may!
What kind of pupper is this?? So freaking adorable!!!!
Damn, that is gonna be your best friend for many years. What a good lookin dog!
Deserves a snag from there
cute chompfloof.  one day he will go from floof to bundle of barely contained muscles. pittys look so cool too bad owners tend to be tools.  hope they raise him right
Bunnings?! You best have bought that lil' digger a snag sanga mate! 
Not gonna be getting any bells from Bunnings Warehouse 
What a cute little kid. ❤️ 
cutest lil pbull I ever seen
Did you get ya free snag?
Precious! I want to pet him and kiss him right on the little puppy cheek.
Pup just wants a snag from the barbie at the front door, like everyone else on Saturday morning at Bunnings.
Bunnings!! Nostalgia from my year spent in aus
The lowest prices are just the beginning ;)
I think I've seen this dog! Altona bunnings?? 
Wish I can get one of those adorable puppies at bunnies 
Bunnings? What part of the world is this? New Zealand?
Yes. End of story.
You already got two... oh shit... nvrmnd...
What breed of dog is this? 
In fact, the dog is not talking. It's a text, in case you didn't know 🙂
NZ/AUS represent
Dude aussie!
WAIT! BUNNINGS WHAREHOUSE? WHERE WAS THIS TAKEN?
This looks like my pup! 
I dont want to have more than 2 balls
That's Frankie! I know this pup. 
[deleted]
,+
In":. 
Look guys, I'm all for your happiness, but if people don't stop posting their adorable staffy-puppy-in-Bunnings-trolley pics I'm afraid I'm going to have to get myself a staffy... just in case I ever need to go to Bunnings. As it stands, my life appears incomplete
Pits are such love balls 
Yeeeeeessss 😝
/u/Lilclanky 
[deleted]
Bunnings doesn't sell balls 
No, bad dog!
Dogs don't go in carts or even stores unless they're service dogs or it's PetSmart. Happy looking puppy though.
The new dogs in trolley rule is absolute garbage.
[deleted]
Downvote because fuck your overly cute animal
You are getting all the balls in your mouth
[removed]
[removed]
The sidestack slightly offset from the dexion is giving me last hour anxiety
Obligatory dangerous breed/dog comment. 
What a pretty dog I would make love to him all day 
That ain’t your dog gracy
[deleted]
At Home Depot???
[removed]
What a knob. 
Mitre 10 is better than bunnings
Good job moron. Now someone is gonna but their dog allergic kid in that seat and he’s not gonna have a good time
Hello future redditors!
Looks like Fortnite.
Is anyone annoyed by the totally not subtle pit propaganda showing up recently?

On a side note, I really want to stomp that thing's head in.
Kill pitbulls
Rape
[removed]
home depot, really dude. Take him some place fun
It’s fake! 
While at Home Depot. 
You’re at Home Depot 
