Years ago I had a City gas worker come out to my house to look at my heater in the basement.  Before he left, he asked if he could sit on my living room floor and play with my dogs.  I had no problem with that and neither did my dogs.
We refer to one of our cleaning ladies as our dog’s girlfriend. He gets SO excited to see her. She doesn’t speak much English, but she always tells him “Hi doggy!” and gives him lots of pats. They have a customer for life. 
I had a contractor come in to do a really brief finishing thing in my bathroom, and my cat who was very ill was on the stairs. He kept waiting behind my cat encouraging him to go up the stairs as my cat was trying to do.

My cat was so off balance, because he had a tumor in his head, and I finally had to tell the contractor, "listen you're going to have to go around him. it's going to take him another 5 minutes just to get up the stairs."

The guy felt bad about going around my kitty and I found a contractor that I would hire again in an instant because of how sweet he was to my cat.
[deleted]
We had some hardened looking construction workers working on a home we were living in. I let the dogs out front, but of course they ran around back to check out the guys. I went running after them only to find ALL of these guys crouched down petting and playing with the dogs. I damn near melted. You can tell a lot about a person by how they treat animals. 

EDIT: duuuuude, I said you can tell a lot about a person by how they treat animals. I never said you can tell EVERYTHING about a person by how they treat animals. This was meant to be lighthearted. 
Got scared at first, but then relieved when I realized this was on /r/aww
This makes me so mad.  As a homeowner you probably checked him out and thought you were hiring someone reputable and well reviewed.

He turns around and uses your own cat to harvest free karma.
I obviously made the right decision in hiring him! 
Find out if your contractor has a gf... asking for a cat loving friend.
Clearly this contractor is familiar with operating CAT equipment.
Is that your cat? 

House doesn't look finished (although maybe it's just that room?), so wasn't sure if it was a neighborhood cat that came in for a photoshoot and some love.
My husband is a contractor and when we talk about our days it’s typically about the cat or dog he’s bonded with at the job site, we even got a Pomeranian last year because of one he adored on a job several years ago 🐶
THIS IS SO SWEET!!!
“We saw you on our security camera”  
  
“Oh my god, I’m so sorry, I just, I’m going through such a hard time right now, and I’m so lonely, and that couch just looked so inviting, I swear, it was my first time and I’ll never do...”  
  
“What? We saw you taking a picture of our cat..wait...what did you do to the couch?”  
  
“What couch?”
This is probably gonna get buried, but it’s a story i enjoy telling. 

We were having a barn put in the back yard, so there were always about ten guys back there at any given time. My dog is a big ole 95 pound sweetheart, but of course he’s intimidating at first. About three hours after they first arrived i see that they’re throwing the tennis ball, sticks, and anything else he’d bring them (sometimes their own jackets and tools). 

About a week later, a couple different guys came to work on the roof. One of them sees my dog and immediately SPRINTS for his truck, while the other workers are just about falling down laughing. Eventually my big doofus was able to get pets so it was a win for him.

It’s strange to see a contractor wearing converse. 
My parents hired a contractor to completely gut their kitchen and part of the interview process was meeting the dogs and seeing how they all were together. The guy is going to be in the house for 8 weeks. He has to be cool with them. 
We had a cat once who loved our bathroom contractor. If he was here, she was always under his feet and rubbing on his legs. When she got hit by a car he came and buried her and put a paving stone over the spot. 
Honestly, when I see people treat animals well (like this), I tend to trust them a lot more.
[deleted]
Many years ago I used to have golden retrievers. Our first was a beautiful smart girl with a blonde coat. When she was about two years old she started stealing our girls stuffed animals and babying them. Until she got bored and destroyed them that is. Stuffed animal carnage. 

My wife decided we should breed her prior to having her fixed so she could fulfill her mommy instincts. She was such a good girl we already knew we wanted another golden. As it happens we knew a young guy who was trying to find a home for his one year old good boy. He was a rust colored ball crazy fella a little taller than our girl but kind of skinny. He looked like Shadow from Homeward Bound.  He instantly became my dog and my good girl started sleeping on the floor by mommy's side of the bed and our good boy slept on the floor beside me from then on.

It didn't take long until we had puppies. Our good girl had nine healthy puppies and we set a whelping box for her in a spare living room we never used. She took to them instantly. Watching her hover over them and look from me to them practically begging me to pet her pups remains one of the most heartwarming things I have ever seen in my life. The cat was allowed to jump in the box and inspect the pups. Our daughters were both under ten and they were welcome in the box. In fact the only creature in our home not allowed in was my good boy who paced nervously looking over the side of the box for a day only to be met with growls. That night he curled up in a ball and slept at the closed door of the whelping box. It wasn't long until mommy finally let him in and he joined her in the box absolutely mooning over what he made.

We took the pups to the vet with mommy a few times and everyone was healthy and happy. Many shots were had. After a month our good girl and boy found themselves in the middle of nine yelping warm balls of fluff. We would take time sitting in the box and playing with the pups and mommy was happy for the break. She would leave and rest on her comfy pillow for a bit but always knew when it was time to come back.

If you have never sat in a box full of golden retriever pups you have missed out on one of the most beautiful  experiences of life. It's an impossible feeling to describe as warm fluffs curiously nibble at you and then go about snuggling you until they need to be sure they have your attention over everything else including each other.  They grow so fast this time is so fleeting it's like a dream. It is impossible to be sad, stressed, or worry when you are sitting in a box full of golden pups.

One by one we found the babies new homes. By the time they were gone mommy was ready to just be our girl again. We had them fixed and our good girl and good boy were content with each others company and ours for a few more years. Our good boy lived until he was ten years old. He was ball crazy to his last day and my bedside still feels empty without him. My best girl was thirteen when she left us. Those last three years were hard on her but she never stopped smiling  that golden smile even as old age turned her blonde to white and grey. I think about them everyday and it makes me happy some pieces of them are still out there bringing joy to this world. 
We all need kitty snuggles
I wonder if he was posting on r/aww? 🧐
I couldn't resist either
This guy's CAT certified. 
That's one of the best parts of doing contractor work, there's a bully dog named popeye at one place, always happy to go back
[deleted]
Why were you filming your contractor?
Was at a client's  business working on their system, fretting and fussing over their satellite internet, drumming my fingers on my knees and I felt these sharp lil claws start up my pant leg. I looked dow and these sharp beady yellow eyes contrasted against a orange coat,  very intently staring at my fingers. 

 Instantly I knew that we were going to be in a tussle.  Sure enough, after I fixed  their service, Dyna, (short for dynamite) and i got into a lengthy discussion over who those fingers belonged to. All the while the secretary was laughing her head off. 

I saw the orange menace later on and she just walked up to me and flipped onto her back and mewed at me.  I saw she had been spayed and had definitely mellowed out, being a lovely dumpling of orange fur.   
Reminds me of one of my favorite quotes, that I believe to my core.

"Compassion for animals is intimately connected with goodness of character; and it may be confidently asserted that he who is cruel to animals cannot be a good man."
-Arthur Schopenhauer
Does this poor guy know he's under surveillance while he's trying to work? Not cool.
Is it only me or it's it a bit creepy to film people without their knowledge?
Cattractor
Reddit has ruined me.. I was expecting something horrible.. Then i noticed it was r/aww
I do trades work in people's houses and I always stop to play with their pets. I work at about a 50% efficiency when there's a dog around cause I can't stop playing with it
Getting the dank snugs
Before watching, I double checked which sub this was to see if was going to smile or be mildly infuriated. I smiled!
Ok but why did you hire a cat as a contractor, and what is that man doing in your house?
As some one who try’s to have a tough outer shell and be thought of as a tough guy I beg you to stop spreading this filth. Lol
i work for an ac company and i make sure to always play with the dogs that i see, fixing the ac comes second 
As a sub-contractor, my favorite part about going to new jobs is seeing the animals. My phone and snapchat is pretty much full of my encounters with customers old pups/Cats or new puppies/kittens, it makes work a lot more fun 
Give him a bonus tip in an envelope. Signed by the cat.
A man who is good at fixing stuff and kind to cats is hard to find! I married the last guy that met these criteria and 7 years later I’m happy to say I wouldn’t change a thing.
As a tradesman that does a lot of work in peoples' homes I get so disappointed when they don't have animals I can love on and play with. Meeting new furry friends is definitely the highlight of my job. 
Bearded, heavy southern drawl, boot wearing, Copenhagen spitting, utility contractor here. I will love on all of your animals. All of them. We've 9 dogs, 1 horse, several strays of  multiple species. 
Ah, the old hidden cam to catch your pet cheating on you play. The truth hurts, doesn't it?
so you film someone, and if he does something bad you would put it on the internet. and if he does something cute you would put it on the internet. either way, this dudes privacy is fucked....but i guess he is in your house so....
What's in the box(es)?
Clearly a redditor.
I'd laugh if the photo he took wound on r/aww
I’m an electrical contractor.

I will pat and take photos of all your pets (I ask the client before I take photos), and have a folder on my phone of all the special supervisors.
What kind of person hires a cat to be a contractor? And who’s that guy? :)
Our contractor took us aside to tell us that he loves our cat.  He said he was his little buddy hanging out with him the whole time and that he’s fascinated by power tools and not scared of them at all.  We have a really cool cat that everyone loves.  My biggest worry is he will be stolen.  😂 
A few months back a contractor had to replace some pipes in my studio apartment over the course of a few days while I was at work. Since it's a studio and i couldn't close her in a room, I was afraid my cat would run outside when the contractor came, or get scared. I am a little overprotective of her, I admit. I ended up meeting the contractor when he was scoping things out and told him my concerns. He smiled and went up to my cat and cuddled her. She rubbed up all over him. Turns out he's a cat guy. It was the biggest relief ever
WTF that inconsiderate ass. I can't believe how unprofessional he's being. He's literally standing on the boxes and distracting the worker! What a disgrace!
Whenever I go into someone's home to do a job I always assume I'm being filmed. Not because I'm dishonest but because I don't want to be caught picking my nose.
:)
Um what’s his number?
I used to do deliveries to farms and if they had cats the delivery would easily take a minimum 15min longer to do
As a contractor I'm fairly certain people have video of me spending way to much time talking to their pets, playing fetch, petting and taking photos to show my wife (and make her jealous that I get to hang out with super awesome pets all the time at my job). 
Real men love cats😋
Hey, I know him!!! 😆😆😆 this made my day 
I one time walked into my apartment to find the maintenance guy (having just repaired a leaky faucet) sitting on my kitchen floor, baby talking and petting my cat who was strutting around him and very much pleased with the attention. The guy looked so embarrassed when I walked in but I thought it was adorable. 
Plot twist: the contractor is trying to sell the cat
a little creepy. filming strangers. 

Nothing wrong with Cat Love.
Where's that reddit post I saw of the cat on the box things? 
I had to check the sub before I finished watching this haha
[deleted]
We recently moved into a new house and have had some finishing things done, like yard installation, touch up painting, etc. a few of the men who put in our yard didn’t look like the type who would love a dog, but every single time my dog went outside and went up to them, they turned into big softies! They would kneel down to give my dog love and my dog just ate it up. 
Plot twist: Neither you nor the contractor owns a cat.
Awe! This reminds me of the time I paid a roofing contractor 3,000 dollars up front and they took the money. Never to be seen or heard from again.
As an apartment maintenance tech this is the best part of my job.
I am a contractor and I do this. I also spend far too much time trying to get the strays at the brick yard to love me.
My cat is super, super shy and its taken a long time for her to get comfortable around our friends and family. HOWEVER, one day when we were getting cable installed, the cable guy was laying on the group hooking some wires up and she came out and just hung out with him the entire time he was working. The guy was cool and kept doing his thing but my cat (as shy as she was) came out of her shell and was purring and rubbing herself against him. I've never scene that happen since. There was just something special about him. 
Cats are awesome 
I’m guilty of this. Work in trees and I go to a lot of different houses. Any time I see a cat, I pet.
That man was hugged as a child. 
I had a tile guy do our bathroom while we were in Hawaii for our honeymoon and we had left our 3 dogs, 2 pitbulls and 1 Yorkie. We had told my sister to watch and feed the dogs while we were gone. When we got back, we asked her how everything was. She told us that the morning she came in, she found toys and a lot of blankets in the dog cages. We never let them sleep with toys. She continued saying when she came back to feed them dinner, she say the tile guy on break and playing fetch with all the dogs. He even set out the kiddy pool for them. They had so much fun and we got back with him and asked him if everything was true. He said yes and he's sorry if he stepped out of line, but he had always wanted a dog but he couldn't get one cuz of where he lives and he's never home. We thanked him greatly and gave him a little extra for his work. 
Is your contractor my husband? He always sends me pictures of customer’s pets! He says it’s the best part of his job. 
The work is coming out puuurrrfect
How dare he!!!! That is unacceptable. The cat needs to be pet 2 more times. Disgraceful.
AWWWW.

I love our HVAC company, because they've done good AC and furnace work in our house, are good to work with, their master electrician is an artist, and when they were installing our furnace I went into the basement at one point to find a younger guy sitting on the floor, working on the wiring for the new unit, with our huge orange male Maine Coon Cat sitting next to him, watching.  The cat was trying to "help," I'm sure.  The guy was totally cool about it and the cat appreciated being included.
Maan with that title I was so ready to be angry you won't even believe 
As a home installer for internet, i have been left alone in many rooms where animals have come to hang out. This video makes me think somewhere a homeowner has seen me do just this 😂.
I was also super friendly and played with pets (if I was given permission) when I worked as a Dish Network technician.

Except for one time.

I pulled up to the most ghetto trailer park in  Vegas, and was greeted by a dude that probably weighed 95 pounds in nothing but a pair of Jean shorts (no underwear... don't ask how I could tell).

He greets me and we exchange the usual pleasantries, then says to give him a minute to put the dogs up. "I love dogs! No need to put them away." I exclaim. I was so wrong.

He takes me inside and I'm greeted by a billion fucking chihuahuas, all jumping and barking and nipping and generally being annoying af.

It smelt like dog shit, and the wife was just laying on the couch while I tried to do my work.

This was a seriously horrible mix of redneck and tweaker living I couldn't even fathom.

This is the real kicker. From what I could tell, all their dogs had crazy names, but the only one I can remember was this one particularly annoying one that wouldn't quit biting my ankles.

The wife noticed it, and she called out to her husband, verbatim, "Roy, I told you it was Hitler that kept biting!"

I've never wanted to get out of somewhere faster than that godforsaken hellhole.

I felt really bad because they were really nice people, but their living situation was horrendous and there was honest to god more dogs than I could count in that tiny little trailer. I lost count at 14 because they wouldn't stand still long enough to get an accurate count.
GAH the way he picks kitty up & holds her close to his chest! My heart just MELTED ❤️❤️❤️

If all guys were like this there would be no need for a #metoo movement
...I guess it’d be more like #meowtoo 😏
[deleted]
main question being... why are you recording folk secretly? are you dennis reynolds?
This is weird 
[deleted]
Sorry to see your contractor was spending time playing with that human instead of working.
Do you spy on everyone that does work for you?
Spying on people is creepy
Plot twist: The cat is the contractor and it invited it's owner over to snuggle. Scandalous!
His Angies List rating is gonna be off the charts
Sets up a camera to see what’s taking the remodel so long. Find out he’s not slacking off and just really loves your cat 
MaN bReAKs iNtO HOmE aND HuGs CaT TiLl It DIeDeD ?
I once worked for a plumber and we were doing a reno job. Whole house was gutted and the family was living elsewhere. Their cat stayed. One day I'm eating my sandwich and the cat comes into the room with a dead mouse, lays down, and proceeds to crunch away on it. Me and the good boy had lunch together.
lol that would be me sending pictures to my friend like “look at this dope ass kitty” 
When i worked for Comcast as a technician i would ask that customers please leave their animals out, i know the general thoughts of comcast are that they aren't great and i agree but it's stressful walking into every house and the customers already have a negative outlook on you, so just getting love from a pet or animal throughout the day really helped me get out of bed every day knowing i might get this small moment of appreciation from an animal <3 
The adorable side of our self-imposed surveillance state.
As a former plumber that made house calls I can say this was the best part of my job. The customers I could do without, but their pets were always awesome. Unfortunately you also see some very poor living conditions for them.
I am a retired plumber, and everytime I got the chance to meet a customer's pet I always made sure to take the time to give them a few pats. it just made a crappy job a little better
There’s a guy who runs a Facebook page for his business (pretty sure it’s carpet fitting or something similar in your home) here in the uk who posts employees of the day, pretty much every day, and it’s just pictures of the homes he’s worked in’s pets. Fills me with joy every day
As a contractor, I love it when my clients have pets I can play with to sort of change things up during the day.
If your contractor cares about your kitty that much, I'm sure he cares about the job he's doing and your building/house just as much.  You got a good one!
Hello, this is your contractor. The job is done but took twice as long as expected. Don't worry though. I am going to honor the quote.
Does he know he’s being filmed? Otherwise adorable 
My dad used to work as a contractor. He would send me pictures of every cute pet he met on site. :D
I work in remodeling and I have to be honest, I miss my customers pets when the job is over.
This is sweet. Does he know that you know?

&#x200B;

When me and my SO lived in an apartment we had problems with our radiators that needed a few visits from the landlord to be fixed. Every time he visited he had one or both of our cats sitting right next to him staring at everything he did. So cute. He loved it.
I'm a contractor. I am pretty much like this guy. The guys at my shop, give me crap For Being a cat whisperer. Lol. Oh well. 
Anybody else spend the whole clip tensely waiting for something terrible to happen?
HIRE THIS MAN TO EVERYTHING FOR ALWAYS!!!!
I pickup/deliver large metal roll off containers for a living and today I encountered 3 doggos at a job site where I was scheduled to pick up a container. As soon as I got out of the truck to hook up my winch they came running. 20 min later after lots of head pats and belly rubs I got the box on and back on the road. One of em even went and brought me a short length of rope to play tug of war.
I used to paint houses. One time we were at a job and this little dog that lived there was constantly whining because he wanted his family to come home. I made friends with him by petting him and letting him know that the stranger in his house was friendly. During my lunch break, I laid down and he curled up on my chest to take a nap. 
Incredibly unprofessional. They should both be wearing hard hats and eye protection. 
As somebody who delivers & fits flatpack furniture for a living, if you have an animal and you let it loose around us, *fuck you*

Just kidding, we totally waste far too much time loving, cuddling & playing with your furry family. One of the best parts of the job is getting to meet new furry friends!
I thought this was going to go in a completely different direction. Slightly relieved.
Cheating on his wife and getting the love and intimacy that he isn't getting at home?
I've 'busted' our postal carrier 'sneaking' treats to my kitties whe she delivers. 
You can't even trust the government anymore. 
That's my kind of man
Somebody marry this guy.
I've totally done that in houses I've worked in.  I don't even feel bad.  Animals are better than people.
I am a roofer and I am 100% guilty of squatting or crouching down to get a picture of and give out scratches and pats to the client's dogs or cats whenever I am on the ground and they come to say hi
I work as an electrician and the other day I was switching out old outlets for new ones in a basement and the homeowners cat wouldn't leave me alone, rubbing against me, laying down on me, etc. 

It was the best day of work in a while
Ugh. I do plumbing, and probably the hardest part of the job is having to stop playing with the dogs or cats and get to work :(
That Contractor browsing Reddit later, *".....Oh thank god they only saw me petting the cat..."*
This is a common practice in the construction world. We also like to water your plants when they look dry. 
I thought it was going to be something bad until I saw what subreddit it was on.
I go around cleaning houses.  One house has a border collie, I got 15 mins early so I can play fetch with him before I start. He gets so excited when he sees me now
Scared me at first .. thought I was going to see something horrible ... what a nice surprise... made my day
Haha this reminds me of a house I did last winter. Home owner found a litter of cats on the side of the highway in -40 temperatures while they were building their home. I worked for a week on the place and just played with the kittens all day while we worked. Little bastards were a bit of a nuisance trying to play with you 15 feet up in the air but I was happy they survived. People are sick.  
I love this man so much and I don’t even know his name.
I work as a Dish technician & I always get distracted with customer's dogs and cats. 

I'll walk out to my van for supplies at different stages of the job & every time I get stopped for fuzzy rump scratches from the wiggly ones & friendly house sharks.
I am a low voltage contractor and I always make friends with the animals first
We just had some work done on our house and our contractor was such a nice guy.  My 2 year old was incredibly interested in everything that was happening and the contractor let him look at all his tools and play with all the stuff that made beeping sounds. 10/10 will hire again. Also a dry wall guy was singing songs from Moana while he was working.  Top notch guys.
I process permits for a construction company. Every contractor I know is a sucker for animals. One shows the entire office on the weekly pics of his "kitties". The others all have dogs and take them everywhere. 
I’m an officer in a smallish town. Once I’m done with the call I always ask people if they mind if I pet their dogs. I can’t remember anyone ever telling me no.  
Once we had an alarm call at a house and the back door was open.  Looked like it wasn’t closed properly and the wind blew it open.  When another officer and myself stepped in we were greeted by a little shaggy dog.  We started clearing the house and the little dog was running circles around me.  I just ended up holding him while I cleared the rest of the house. Gun in one hand and pup in the other.  They didn’t teach us that in the academy. 
Does he know you secretly recorded him and posted the video on a social networking site?
it’s important to take short kitty cuddle breaks throughout the work day to help maintain focus and a fine patina of hair on your clothing.
I would pay him for an extra hour just for being nice to my pet. 
Kinda creepy filming that
Man, I'd love to get paid $70 an hour to play with a cat!
10/10 would hire again!
Why were you spying on your contractor?
Probably going to get buried, but whatever.


When my basement was getting renovated, particularly when they got around to the bathroom, my older cat would sit at the doorway and watch what the guy was doing as if he was supervising him. I don't know if he got some scritches, but I hoped he did. About a year later my cat suddenly passed away, and the same guy came back to do some repairs asked where he went. 
That is so kind. Makes me think that he is a great father if he has kids (or a great father figure in general). Make sure to leave him great reviews (especially if his work is good too)!
Don't spy on people you bring into your house at least without telling them first
Imagine being this guy and seeing yourself on Reddit. Does he know he was recorded?
So you record somebody without him knowing and post it on the Internet, I assume without asking, to get karma ?
Tomorrow he jerks off in the living room, you heard it here first 
Billable hours
If you treat animals like that you’re bound to not be a total piece of garbage 
You sure don't trust your contractor. How long did you watch the recording for?
Does he clean the litter box too?
This brought a huge smile to my face. Thank you for sharing. 
I'd pay more for a contractor that I know treats pets so well. :) 
I am happy to come to work to I can cuddle the kitty.
I love the cuddles at the end.
Ok I'm intrigued to know if there are any pics or videos of me. If I see a cute cat or dog at someone's house I'm the same taking pictures to show my wife later.
I started watching before I saw what sub this was. Got worried for a minute.
What a cute little furball!

The cat, I mean...
Our air conditioner repairman took about 30 minutes to repair our air conditioner.  I pretty sure twenty minutes of that he spent scratching my dog’s ears and cooing at her.  Air conditioner works great.  10/10 will hire again.  
That's so sweet! 
I had a cable guy in my house trying to get our internet to work and my cat would absolutely not leave him alone. I kept trying to distract her so he could work in peace but he must have had catnip stuffed in his pockets because it wasn't happening. When I tried to apologize he started telling me about the street cats he used to feed as a kid in Argentina and how he missed them. Eventually he got the internet working (with a cat hanging all over him) and left only to come back a few minutes later. Apparently she decided to curl up inside his toolbox and he didn't realize it until he got to his truck. 
Please be really careful with carpets rolled up like that. My moms cat got curious, crawled into the top and could not get out.

He died. He suffocated alone in a rolled up carpet.

 I'm crying because my mom treated her cats like gold and he should have been loved another 12 years.
That made me nervous...didn't realize what subreddit it was 
A lot better than catching him banging your wife like that guy in the other thread.
Thank goodness this was r/aww, I thought I was going to see something really terrible. 
That moment where i don't know which subreddit this is on after i click and sit in fear and anticipation if it'll be good or bad. (I figured title wise it was a contractor being dumb or something and when i saw the cat i got worried i may have clicked on something from wtf)
Cat break!
Please tell me someone has found out that the contractor is a Redditor and those cat pics he took were posted.
You set him up to cuddle!
I’m a builder in the uk. I love working in houses that have pets, it’s like adopting a pet for the time we’re there.
Why is your contractor a cat? 
I read the title before the subreddit and immediately assumed something bad happened. Thank god I was wrong. 
The awwdacity.
In my apartment complex we have a bug guy come in every couple of months to make sure no bugs are causing problems. My cat is usually pretty curious but absolutely loves him. He talks to her, asks how she's doing and let her check out his supplies because she's nosy. It always makes me feel good.
I'm 89% sure I saw that bloke on *Builders From Hell*.
I bet the name of his business is , HUGS & RUGS 
Distracting cat. Clearly a change in conditions. Change order pending
Please tell me your cat negotiated a discount? Cuddles aren’t free!!!
OMG, that's so cute!
Hire him for everything.
“I’m afraid to say your job is going to be past schedule due to unforeseen kitten cuddles”
goood kitty, soffttt kittyyy
Looks like someone has a big discount coming!
I was scared when I saw the title then I saw the sub. 
Omg aww!!!! That's the sweetest thing I've seen all day!
I love animals. Maybe too much because it effects my ability to work consistently, but I'll be damned if someone prevents me from playing and petting animals. 
These cameras usually catch bad things, I’m glad it caught something nice!
He's stealing your karma!
This is me anytime I see a pet a house I work on. All of my clients seem to like when I acknowledge their pets. I love cats, dogos are great too. They always make my job a tad bit more enjoyable.
Dethpicable
My parents hired construction workers to install a wall, and it took about six days. They would make their own burritos and made some for my parents and me if we were home. After like the second day, my dad said they could use our kitchen.. the guys were so chill, and made the best god damn burritos.
When I went on Vacation for a month I stayed at my friends house for around 2ish weeks at the start and end of my trip and she has two adorable cats, and one day instead of going out exploring since I was a little tired I decided to stay in and just play around with the two cats and I would periodically send cat pics to my friend while she was at work to make her jealous of how her cats loved me more.
I’ve decided that I should just assume I’m being recorded my entire life. 
Paying that dude to pet your cat, and maybe a little remodel while the cat is napping. Sounds like a good deal 
Don't forget to stop and pet the kitties.
How dare he be affectionate with the kitty!!! I"m outraged! lol
Just don’t tell him you secretly film him all day or he will be gone
the best kind of clickbait 
Was holding my breath thinking something terrible was going to happen
Was relieved it was this awesome 😎
I’d hire him
Being kind to animals makes you more of a “real man” than being “masculine” as society defines it. 
I got worried for a moment before I realized what sub I was on. 
This is the type of softness we need in the world. 
I didn't check the sub before I started watching this. I thought something horrible was about to happen. 
10/10 would hire 
That was a pleasant surprise!😍😍
I had to check the sub I was in before I clicked play. Aww.
LOL! If you had a dog instead I would be doing the same!!!
I hope he paid the cat union kibble.
I was preparing myself for something horrid before I realized it was in r/aww 
Why were you filming him? Incase he didn't steal anything? 
My favorite aspect of being a contractors is getting to meet my customers pets!
Contractors need snuggles to. Source I'm one. Love my kitty.
He is a cat person. I salute you.
Omg I love him 
As an electrician,  if you have a dog or pet.  Please don’t be sorry and hide or cage the animal.  We love them too  and it make our days better with a dog at our side 
Note to self: Nests have camera.... 
We were framing a house in an upscale neighborhood and a bulldog, akita, and black lab would come by a little before 9:00. The bulldog would have trouble getting up and in to it so we widened the plank for him. He liked to nap inside and was the loudest snoring thing I have ever heard. The Akita was named ‘Shiteata’ because my friend saw him eat a turd. The lab would just hang out. They would all leave about 2:30 after 2nd break. They weren’t fooling us, we knew they were there for snacks.
get that man a cat 
What is a contractor? English is not my first language btw. 
What a friendly kitty 😻 
My dad does custom cabinets and any time the owner has pets (mostly dogs) they’re often put up so they’re not in the way/disturbing him, but he always yells the owner to let them run free as “he’s a guest in their home”. He always brings treats on the job, plays with them, and if the owner allows him will take them on a walk during his lunch. 
Hanging doors is such a pain in the ass. I would a kitty to play with at work. 
Can’t fault a man for that
What a cutie. Both the guy and the cat ;3

Yup. We do that sometimes. Well, some of us all the time.
I was home sick one day and heard my cleaning lady talking to my cat when she walked in. It was so cute. <3 
I use to be a carpenters apprentice until I realised the pay is not that great. But I can confirm that if your pets come into the job site, they absolutely do get a petting and told they're a good boy/girl 
I had a termite inspection recently and one of the inspectors was just playing with my cat like 90% of the time haha
I had a maintenance guy come out to fix some stuff and when he was finished he sat in my living room for at least 40 minutes playing with my dog and telling me stories about his dog. He said he just had to put one down recently and mine reminded him of his. So I didnt care and my dog seemed to really like him. 
When ever i get something delivered my super friendly cat comes and greets the person. One asked if it'd be okay if she could snuggle him because her cat just passed away a few days before. Of course I said yes. 
There is something so endearing about people who show genuine love towards animals and plants. 
Such a pretty kitty. Just found my neighbor is moving and debated asking if I could have their cat, they leave it outside, and its the most loving thing ever.
To be fair, it was the only way your contractor was ever going to get to those boxes.
but why did you video your contractor?
When I worked as a carpenter I used to do this all time. Bonded with many of the animals I met, and it broke my heart everytime the job was done. 
I didn't realise this was r/aww so I expected him to do something scummy, but I was very pleasantly surprised :)
Everyone loves cuddling a kitty!
If you didn't want your contractor on top of the supplies, why did you hire a cat?
Some AT&T folks doing work in our apartment saw our fluffy Sheepdog, Olaf. Our Furbo detected them. We were so amused seeing they were taking turns taking pictures of and with our furbaby. Lol! And Olaf was enjoying it so much. 
My fiancé is a contractor, whenever he goes into a house with a cat, he always sends me pictures!
He gives good kitty skritches. 
That right there is a cat man.  
That bastard was stealing kitty hugs!
I currently rent through a rental company. When the maintainice guys came to put on a new roof on the house, one of the guys saved a part of his lunch for my dog (part of a ham and cheese sandwich). He asked if he could share it with him. 


I told him he could. 


My dog made a new best friend that day. 
Fuck if that was me you would have caught my “animal voice” which is similar to how people talk to babies.
No one can resist a fluffy cat!
As this video is posted and viewed, ovaries all over the world are exploding.
How did you get it on tape?
I demand you all take these onions back because I did not want them and now theyre everywhere this thread is too pure 
My dad is a contractor and I love when he sends me pictures of the cats who like to spend the day watching him work 😸
This was probably the only good ending to the phrase "look what I caught my contractor doing!!!"
Waiting for the pictures of the cat from "the contractor" in 3..2..1..
Promote him to project manager.
Thank god he kept his pants on
Heeeeee!

Mind you, now he knows you filmed him, he's gonna pee in your sink. 
Caught him red-handed rubbing your little friend’s hairy body. 
I thought this was going to be bad, I’m so happy it wasn’t. 
I didnt know what sub this was and was expecting the worst
This clip ended way too soon,  I don't trust it. Contractor used a sneak attack. 
Better than our contractor, who took a shit on our floor.

&#x200B;

Literally.
Moderately better than finding your contractor a bottle of wine deep sitting on your porch smoking cigarettes 
Me for every cat no shame at all Im a cat whisperer
Wow, and not working. All contractors are the same /s
Any woman that has this man or any like him are lucky ladies indeed.. My heart 😻
He likes kitteh.
Sometimes you just need a kitty cuddle! 
A door able
I wish my contrarctor was a cat too :( 
One of the perks of the job right there. :)
I love it when my clients have pets that I can get to know. I carry dog cookies in my truck, good ones, the freeze dried liver type. As a plumber, there is nothing nicer than a doggo or cat laying on me while I'm on my back under a cabinet.
Plot twist: he knew the camera was there.
My husband is a contractor and he regularly texts me pics of people’s cute pets. So, thanks for having cute pets, guys! 
as a contractor i can atest to this.  the first thing i do is play with the customers dog. everyone seems to be so shocked that someone else actually loves dogs. my nickname at work is the dog whisperer because im the only one that all dogs like and i very rarely get barked at. 
I had a guy in to install a dish washer.  Walked into the kitchen to find the guy on his back making the connections, while at the same time scratching my cat "Larry" who was stretched out on his (the guys) stomach.  Belly to belly bonding.
So he was lounging around on the job while he’s getting paid by the hour?!  I’d report this man!

;)
That’s the universal sign between a naturally good person and bad person. If a bearded man acts like this with a cat in secret, he’s a softy at heart no question. 
I'd love to see the contractor's Reddit post: "Had a helper on the job today..."
Did you fire him?
If I became a contractor
Who is this man and is he married?
I used to deliver furniture and I had a friend that did as well, same company and shift but a different truck.  We would see how many cute animal pictures we could get or see how many we could pet and see who won at the end of the day.  It made me excited for each delivery and seeing the others being sent to me made me laugh and smile so much.
I would hire him on the spot.
As a contractor: the only thing cooler than being secretly filmed is being posted online.
/r/whyweretheyrecording
How a person treats animals when nobody is around says a lot about their character. All people should go through this test.
Had guys come in and fix our wifi. They asked me for a paperclip, so I brought one into the room with the router, and my cat is in the center of the bed, rolling and showing them his belly. He'd also come to the end of the bed and peek over their shoulders to see what they're doing. One of the guys was absolutely stoked; he told me my cat's chill.

10/10 cable guys. Hope I get them next time. 
I once admonished my dog for laying on a pile of carpet in the very middle of a room while carpet layers were working around him. They told me they piled the carpets there just for the dog so he would keep them company. Clearly they were just being nice; the dog was acting as their overseer and the "bed" was placed strategically out of their way.
10/10 hire him again! 
As a contractor, if you leave me alone with your pets and they're cool, you can bet your sweet ass I'm petting/playing with them if I go to take a break!
Men that are good to cats make me swoon😍
Unacceptable, he's playing with a human being, that's why I don't mind cats as contractors ... :P 
My kind of man lol
This is cute af but I also kinda hope you got his permission to put it up
It is so hot when I see men treat animals with love and compassion. 
Holy SHIT!!!!
Type "Look what I caught my contractor doing" into the Reddit search bar.  BEHOLD the reposts!!!
My husband is always meeting interesting pets at clients homes. He almost never mentions an interesting *person* he met, but he almost always has a “You would not believe this cat I saw today!” story. It’s so cute. Animal-loving humans are the best humans!
Adorable.
That’s a contractor you can trust. 💜
Makes perfect sense, I’m glad you’re keeping yourself safe. I’m glad that the contractor knows too, it is sometimes tricky to navigate the new world of technology, ethics, and safety.

I hope you have a great day too, and your contractor looks like a standup guy!
Good that he likes cats. Being alone in a new place is stressful to cats.Looks like they made each other's day.
Was he constructing a cat tower?
Why has it taken so long to finish the project?

They have a cat 

Understood 
What an amazing time to be a hacker 
Call the pawlice. 😀
did you tell him you were going to post a video of him on the internet for thousands of people to see?
As a contractor it's kinda creepy you're spying on him..
... but you don’t have a cat
That's so sweet. There's a lot of construction work happening in my neighborhood right now and every time I take my corgi puppy out for a walk we get stopped by one or two burly construction workers asking to pet the dog and gushing about how cute he is. Haha. I'm absolutely amazed at the sheer number of people who have never seen a corgi puppy.
Why are u recording him ??

Yeah it's your house and sure he's being paid but hope you asked him before posting a hidden video of him especially if he did nothing wrong 
And I'm done masturbating in clients homes.
Typical contractor not doing work, no wonder jobs take so long. Somebody get these damn cute pets out of here. 
Ugh when people film people without their consent and put it on the internet it really bothers me. Please tell me you got his consent.
Paranoid much? What do you come home every night and review all 8 hours of footage of some innocent guy doing work? 
My contractor banged my wife
Bro why you gotta spy on a working man? Fuck. What if he needed to rub one out and got it out of the way real quick in view of the camera? I suppose you'd get all weird about it and fire the poor guy.
This is Creepy
Why are you filming him?
PLEASE tell me you got his consent before posting this online!
I’ve chosen contractors before by how they interacted with my pets. I’ve noticed the price is a little higher, but they’ve always done great jobs and I know my pets are safe if I can’t be there during a project. I call it the peace of mind fee. 
Made me smile
You should crosspost to r/mademesmile because this made me smile. 
10 minutes later https://imgur.com/a/60qbTWR 
[deleted]
My ovaries just shattered.
do you let contractors know they're being filmed? 
Murderous jerk.  He put the cat up there hoping it would jump off and kill itself (and he was filming - the snuff cat industry is huge, I hear).  When that didn't work, he is obviously trying to smother it to death.  

&#x200B;

Good thing you have a camera to capture this abomination.
I will never understand how posting creepshots of people online became such a widely accepted thing. It's one thing if someone knows they're being filmed & is in public etc. But this guy is in a private house with a spycam. This is weird. 

And as much as I love cats & appreciate others who like cats... All he's doing is petting a cat. What's the noteworthy news here? 
I love this!
5 stars
Leave a cat near me and I won't get much done either.
Pay him double!
Haha, this is too sweet <3
Dawwww
10/10 would recommend 
Is true. People love cats xD
Marry him ! 
If the cat likes him, that's good enough for me.
Both your contractor and cat are cutie pa-tooties
Guilty of this too I love cats and dogs sometimes they are always a pleasant surprise on the job. 
I was worried for a second. Glad it was truly an aww moment.
I install appliances for a living. My favorite part of the day is meeting peoples pets and having them get all happy and want to cuddle. 
The Scandal!  
Everything seemed great until the contractor shit in the cat's litter box.
Yes spread the word about this guy so all the unsuspecting pet-owners looking for a contractor will know to watch out for this kitten-petter..
I feel like there's a /r/peoplefuckingdying title here somewhere.
Can't wait till he posts that video here. 
Catdads 
maybe he was going to find out the feline circumference of the room?

ie is there room enough to swing one?
r/humansbeingbros
That's just so adorable, what a great guy!
10/10 would hire again
Contractors are hot.  Contractor holding cat?  Incendiary!
Plot twist: contractor is her husband.
You know he's a good guy if he's an animal lover.
He's definitely got at least a few of his CAT certifications! 
He was definitely never on 'Builders from Hell.'
A Redditor filming a redditor. Inception activated 
is he sniffing the cat??? 

because I actually approve of that...
Give him a tip! 
This could be a title for a porn video
I'm sorry I've just spontaneously combusted and may set fire to everyone else commenting below me 
Awe that's so sweet when he cuddles with the cat.
Wow this is rare. 85% of contractors are scumbags. 
This is the most wholesome thing
He's the best contractor ever! 
I thought this was gonna be one of the "this guy threw my cat" Videos but this is cute
Looks like he's slacking off on the job to me  😉


                  
This is the sweetest thing <3

Plus! Your kitty is a friendly kitty! I bet s/he makes lots of buddies :)
Kindness is courtesy of the superior mind. 
PAY HIM EXTRA!
❤️❤️❤️
My first question is:  "Do you have a cat?"
I couldn't resist that kitty either.
So sweet!!!
LMAO. I figured he was caught stealing
Wait till the contractor posts his video on reddit  
This is so cute. Humans are so cute. 
Can confirm.  best part of my job is playing with all the animals.
This reminds me of my plumber. I’ve known him for years, so didn’t mind him in my home when I wasn’t there. My cat was obsessed with him. He came to install a new toilet. He called me after to tell me the cat sat with him in the bathroom the entire time. Then when he cleaned up and was about to leave, the cat jumped up on the coffee table and showed him his belly. He said he was sure it was a trap, but wound up staying an extra 20 minutes rubbing my cat’s belly. So adorable. 
Aww, that's absolutely heart-warmingly lovely!
As a contractor who often gets to do brief jobs in existing houses I can confirm: 

The family cat[s] and/or doggo[s] are *the* best part of the job. 
This is what I love about being a residential cleaner. The people are okay, but their pets are the bee's knees! (:
You hired a good one!
Is this from the new episode of "*Builders From Hello, You're a Kitty, Yes You Are, Who's a Kitty Kitty!*"?
Awwww! You better give him the best review ever, assuming his work matches the cuteness level
I love this! I get so jealous of my husband when he goes to customers' houses and gets to interact with their pets. I've gotten some cute pictures from him. My favorite was when he told me a cat was climbing up the ladder with him. Omg my heart melted. 
Not gonna lie, as an electrician, I definitely take a few minutes out to pet any friendly dogs or cats I see in customer houses. 
Heart is melting :)
The awwwwwdacity of this man!
That's it. That's the winner. The cutest thing ever
How cute 
This makes me happy.
That's so sweet, I caught my roofer going through my closets and accidentally cut my internet cord while working.
You should tell him you're not paying him to stand around and pet your 😺 all day. That's for after hours. 
“Judge a man by how he treats animals” ... that’s a good guy in my book!
Don't judge us.
Sincerely,
The contractors community 
Cats are great
At the exact moment the guy picked up the cat, I heard: "I never knew love like this before" because my Spotify list changed to that exact song and synced with this gif. It was perfect.
I think it's great how construction workers and handymen in general are all big, gruff and mean looking dudes but have a soft spot for animals.  A job I was on had a lot of stray cats around and some of the night shift guys bring cans of food for them.

source:  I work in construction and currently doing residential contracting.  I'm also on my way home after buying cat food for my rescue.
This man deserves a raise 
He is good around the house and likes kitties? Sign me up! 
We had a couple guys installing new windows at my parents place recently. They were definitely cat people. And our cats loved them back
Oh I want him ! ❤️ 
I have a dog. But same thing my contractor would come in greet my little puppy give belly rubs till it was puppy content. On the last day he brought her a chew toy.
That's how you know you're hired the right contractor!
I was prepared to be mortified until I read the sub. Adorable exchange.
Kitty Porn?  He should be ashamed of himself.
Too sweet!!!!!
Oh man reddit has ruined me.


I thought something baaaad was guna happen to kitty.

Crisis averted! Whew!

He snuggle kitty. Real nice. 
If only I could just snuggle my kitty during my work day...
I need to find this man! 
My cousin would be doing this too. He’s also in construction and loves cats. 
He's a cat person.
What's the big deal? He pets a cat
HAHA! He needs a kitty. If he thought that was cute. He would run out of room on his phone video taping all the stuff they do. I love animals. They are a true joy. The stuff my cats do amaze and make me laugh every single day.
Charge him for the hugs. 
Working and getting that sweet sweet karma
As he should.
Waiting for the contractors video to be posted...
That's good people right there
I really needed that wholesomeness today. Thank you.
Looks like my buddy ken, is he an electrician?
And now, a cuddle break.
That actually almost made me cry.
good marketer
As he's a big softie 😂
He deserves a raise.
Aww, he just added $50 to your bill for that special time.  I used to work for lawyers, I know how that works.
😭
We know that's you, Chrissy Teigen.
contractor dong?? Is that some type of snake??
It’s impossible to find good help these days 
Wheres the contractor? Tell him to check the front page.
That is someone who knows how to get the most out of some break time.  What a mench. 

&#x200B;
You should pay him in cats.
Good thing it wasn’t a cat burglar 
Oh sure, it's cute when a contractor does is, but when I go into a person's home and take pictures of their cat and snuggle with them, I get arrested...
Is he a licensed catractor?
Love this!!
Marry him.
Are you married??? Cause that's a keeper right there!
I install floors for a living and it always disappoints be when my clients lock up their pets. 
Hire that man!  Oh wait you already did
Dude, lifes golden rule, ALWAYS make time for catto's
i see we are being represented out there proudly, #thicc
What happened exactly? The video froze for me for the last 6 seconds.
This is so wholesome. 
im not paying you to cuddle on the job!
Two good boys
Awwwwwww
What a POS ;)
me irl as a contractor. I'd never get anything done in that house
I hate to say it OP, but I think your cat is cheating on you.
The bar is low for everyone to be swooning over a guy that was just petting a cat. 
He might simply be a lonely guy enjoying company with the family cat. Who knows?
I used to be a contractor and grew up with cats.  I married to someone that's allergic, so I rarely get to snuggle kitties anymore.  I would've taken my opportunity too.
I love that he's concerned about the cat falling 
Better than catching him sniffing your wife's dirty panties.
My dad works construction, mostly installing windows and doors, and sometimes sends me pictures of people's pets or cute outside animals he sees. His phone camera is terrible so I don't get a lot but he tells me about most of them. So sweet!
As a contractor and for some reason a sort of animal magnet, when ever I go into someone's home the animals are always coming to me. So I always get nervous but I love to show them a little love with scratches and playing with them. I hope they don't ever mind haha.
Be careful lol yea falling in love with your kitty. Still awww af.
Lol 
Guy I would hire!
You got a contractor to show up? How did you do it?
Guy I would hire!
Get this man a cat!
Didn't see what sub this was in, and was waiting for something horrible to happen. Much better result than expected!
Am I the fool? Should I have cameras up in and around my house + car?
U 44
Happen to be Berti Luke?
#CATMAN
Regardless of what that cat tell you those doors will not hang themselves stop listening to his lies
The FedEx guy that regularly visits my home always saves part of his breakfast to feed my dog.  
The wild gallowboob in his natural habitat.
Your cat is cheating on you! 
Snuggle breaks are a must for contractors.
What the hell would one hire a cat for? 
I'm 50% sure i saw that guy on "builders from heaven". I'm 75% sure it's the same guy. I'm 99% sure he was on that show! In hindsight i'm 100% sure it's that lovely bastard.
is this your way of calling him out?
While it is true that being mean to animals is a big red flag, being nice to animals really doesn't mean much. Plenty of serial killers have had/loved pets. 
That sorry S.O.B! 😂😂😂
*proceeds to bolt out of door with cat*
If you don't want to marry him, I will.
Marry him. 
I have two identical black cats that are brothers. They’re like tweedledee and tweedledum, constantly following each other around. They’re EXTREMELY SOCIAL and friendly, to the point that they’re usually very underfoot and trying to help out when handymen, maintenance, or pest control are around. All of these guys are big and gruff, but I’ve never met a single one who didn’t love giving them a little scratch under the chin. I found out my maintenance guy at my old apartment wanted to be a vet when he was growing up in Honduras. Some of the regular guys know me as the “lady with the cute cats” and have told me that my apartment is always a good stop on their route. A badge I wear with honor. 
Zzz, zzz zzz zzz,x,x xx x☠☠☠☠ XXX the same timeas thegroundwork for
Gotta say, I didn’t see what sub this was in before I started watching it. I almost scrolled by. Glad I went back to double check!
Just ruined this dude's entire reputation.... RIP good friend.
