He's an emotional support dog. You've been canned. 
*"yea if you could just go ahead and get me those treats, that'd be greeeeaaat."*

Edit: obligatory *thank you, kind stranger*  for my VERY FIRST GOLD HELL YEA
Karen, imma need those boops on my snoot by the end of the day
Where do people work that they can just bring their dogs into the office? If I so much as wear sandals to work I get reprimanded.
He's doing a great job! That desk isn't falling down any time soon
"We have reason to believe that you spend a great deal of your working time messing about on a website called Reddit. I have been told to keep an eye on you. So here I am, keeping an eye on you. Stay off the internets"
He's so cute! I'm sitting at my desk at work VERY jealous right now. 
Disclaimer: I gave him lots of pets and scritches after this photo was taken. 
Now you have two bosses.
Looks like lab work.
His face says you are not pulling your weight in the workload 
Best boss ever.
Um Chelsea you need to be finishing up your work or we won’t be able to stock bacon bits in the break room anymore if you don’t, and I get cranky when I don’t have my bacon bits 
So, having your crotch sniffed is part of the new security protocol?  
Plot twist, it was a drug sniffing dog and is alerting on you.

&#x200B;
Sorry for asking, but I was wondering what camera/(cellphone??) you used to take that picture, the quality is really nice!! 
I’m gonna need you to reschedule your petting of him to right now 
"I'm a labrador retriever, I'll prove it. Just get a labrador, and I'll retrieve it.

"Do you... *have* a labrador?

"Do you know where you can *get* a labrador?"
"Ey mate know where i can get a good scritch round here"
Well, now productivity is shit..
I have 2 Black Labs and they would do that. Dora would do it for pats, Cub would do it so someone can throw his toy.
Henlo fren, feeds me spagooters 
The lab reports are in. It’s positive, he’s adorable. 
lab dogs best dogs.
"Whatcha doing?"
He's got to be smacking that desk with his tail right now.
r/PetTheDamnDog
"iz error in spredsheet. fix now."
:) 

labs are the best
yep, looks like boss dog. 
Those are some beautiful expressive eyes
And his tail bashing against cubicle walls like a drum. 
Is his name Jake? I assume all labs are named Jake until proven otherwise. 
"Do your job, Hooman or I will tell my hooman...Also give me pets and treats or I will tell my hooman you don't like doggos."
WHOSEAGOODBOY
Damn. This has increased my dog envy tenfold
I love it when co-workers bring their dogs to work, especially if they are the curious and friendly kind. This one definitely needs some snoot-boopin time!
"Got any treats?"
Silky snoot 
*I smell goofing off.*
Heads up - they play dumb but are unbelievably ballsy food thieves
Does anyone have any advise how to get their dog this calm. 
And that tail is going *thump* *thump* *thump* *thump* *thump* *thump*
I love dogs, but my allergies hate them. 
No work would get done by me this day. 
Are they hiring?
This good girl right there needs a god damn raise for being a good girl. Also, it is too cruel to be an only dog at an office, so you guys need at least 99 more of them to make it a place worth working. No, I am not insane. Yes, I love dogs. 
Cutie baby 
No. That isn't "hello". That is "um...so Sharon....I can sell ALL of that snacks you have in your second to the bottom drawer and I suggest you share. Also....I need a pet!  K....thanks!"
Boop him!
“Snuffles was my slave name. I will now be called Snowball because my fur is pretty and white.”
My boss’s pitbull will come in pretty frequently. He always comes over to my desk for a good scratch. But I feel bad for him, he’s always dirty and I have to wash the grime off my hands afterwards. Also at the end of the day of scratches I need to sweep under my desk because of the extra hair that he sheds. I could probably make another dog with all that hair. 

If you bring your dog to work please make sure that they are clean. 
That's the first Lab I've seen that looks all business.  That's manager material there.
Good Dog 🐶 
and to put snot marks on your pants!
He knows you were watching NSFW
"Hello. I have a good snoot." 
They truly are mans best friend 💕
I have to be honest, I like cute dogs and cats and all, but that would annoy me at the office. It's inconsiderate to people who don't like dogs, have allergies, or just want to get their work done.
Just making sure you're doing good
My work day would be so much better if my dog was with me. One of my hopefully attainable goals 
Great, an unleashed dog between your legs when you try to work. Time to search another job.
Fuck this
She has a solid look on her face she means business! Better have those papers all done or she be your new boss! 
r/PetTheDamnDog
The dog matches your keyboard
*henlo
Nice of your boss to say hello under your table
Woofer wants tweats
I would get 0 work done with that adorable face nearby.  
black lab+office=karma
"Have you finished those reports?"
You're too naive. He came for pets and snacks.
Annoying 
As someone who used to work in an office: I see this lovely doggie, but my eyes immediately go to that $5 wrist-snapping Dell keyboard.
This photo reminds me of Neo's escape from work while talking with Morpheus.
Every black lab ive ever met has been an absolute sweetheart. Infact ive never met a horrible one.
See if my manager allowed a Labrador in my job, I'd legit never get anything done. I'd just pet the dog. 
I work with an animal welfare charity and this is easily the best thing about working there. People I work with bring their dogs into work with them, they pretty much have the run of the office. Just this afternoon there was a jack Russel doing zoomies in the hall. 
He's actually saying, "You don't look like you're working, Deborah..."
TRULY r/aww material.  Thanks guys, its nice to have some distractions from the day to day grind.  These people out here seem not to think about you as if you are human.  Much rather be free like this little guy right here.
“Get some work done. Punk”!
So glad it gives so much joy. Reduces tension
"you give me your lunch, maybe I don't piss on your leg'
I work at a company that offers a variety of services and preferential hiring to individuals with vision loss. Hardest part of my day is not snuggling all the guide doggos. 
My lab dog the exact same thing when I’m sitting at my desk. 
"I am really starting to like this hoo-man."

God that's as lab as it gets. They will do anything for pets and sit in the most uncomfortable unnecessarily tough positions under a desk or table. Haha
His face says, “you are not petting me because.... ???”
Your boss should seriously consider bringing her Labrador into my office.
This is the kind of work therapy needed!
That dog looks like HE is the boss!
We have an office lab too!

[This is Phil, upset at the thunderstorm outside. ](https://i.imgur.com/AV7fvbt.jpg) 
I used to bring my little terrier to work, but she was uninvited when she left a wee surprise under my bosses desk one day.
I've had black labs my whole life. Such a handsome doggo
Wow. He’s beautiful. Reminds of my lab that I lost this year ;(
40k upvotes? It’s a picture of a dog, you guys. 

I will never get Americans’ obsession with dogs...I mean it’s cute that you care about them so much and all- but like you guys go way overboard. You know people from other countries make fun of y’all for the dog obsession and think it’s just a *tincy* bit sad (i.e a replacement for the human companionship you lack). 

Anyway, I’ve never been able to say that out loud so feels nice to finally get that off my chest. Thanks Reddit!
It kind of looks like you've cornered him in your cubicle to maximize your time with him. Be honest, how much work have you done vs doggo cuddles?
How to increase office morale but decrease productivity
My desk looks exactly the same when my boss is bringing his wife to work :o
“Hey m, imma need those böńëś by Thursday 
This dog can smell people on reddit
Same face as my dog wheb she is curios about something
Really accusing stare there. 
OMGGGGG I WOULD NEVER GET ANY WORK DONE hahaha 
*"So this is the guy my owner wants to fire for being on that reddit thing all day..."*
You should crosspost this on /r/blacklabs
It's special when the dog picks you in a room full of owners :) or its a drug dog....
I thought my dog was on the front page for a second.
What a weird hat but he wears it well
Same here. The only difference is that this one found his own treats!  
[https://imgur.com/a/OD1cRFI](https://imgur.com/a/OD1cRFI)
Are you hiring?
She looks just like my Porter who I lost yesterday. Please give her smooches on her jowls,and give her some bacon strips. 
I love that keyboard
He’s reporting your behavior to the boss.
Such a lab look.
He looks about as thrilled to be at work as I do. 
r/dogsmirin
did he offer you a pamphlet?

Lucky people!
this dog wants treats 
My goal in life is to bring my dog to work with me everyday. 
I have the same dell keyboard
Insta-fired if i did this.
He doesn't seem so pleased with the amount of pets you're giving him ;)
This is a cheap ploy your boss is using to see which of their employees commit time theft at work on Reddit. You fell for it!
I know you have treats on your desk...
im in love 
Those eyes 😻
Awww!
I wish if my miniature schnauzer could with me to my dish washing job. He could eat all the food that drops on the ground. Who needs a mop to clean the floor when you have a dog who will lick and eat the ground clean? 
I love him
Why are you not petting that silly face? I already love him. 
"yeeeeaaaahhh Jeff im  gonna need you to come in on Saturday, thaaaaaaaanks."
Hey you!!!!
Boop the snoot
He's so cute!
Well since he’s under the desk I’d imagine you went to his office...
Aww
That’s a cute ass dog and I want to squeeze his face.
"Yeah... We're gonna havta let you go." [Holds eye contact indefinitely]
Linda, we've implemented our new TPS reports. I heard you haven't been using the new cover page.
"Get back to work!"
Those black labs are the **greatest**
Good boy
I wish our office would allow dogs 
Beautiful😍
Where are my TPS reports?
soooo, you got any cookies?
Got any biscuits?
Looks like you been feeding him
Can I have a job please 
Aww. So cute. His eyes.
"Bilbo Baggins?" 
We need more dogs in the workplace. 

I like to bring mine to the shop sometimes, but I haven’t done a great job training her and I’m afraid she’s going to knock over an old lady or something. 

I’ve never had a customer act though they were bothered by her, though. I just worry that I’m going to put her in a bad situation by giving her free roam of the store. 
Pretty sure thats a "you gonna share" face. 
What a beautiful animal. He looks exactly like my childhood dog, Buster 
His eyes says 'focus on your work and remember the deadline'!
Thats it.  Days over.
"Somebody been taking office supplies....."
&#x200B;
Every dog I see on here I want to keep, or hug. 
Hoped you enjoyed each other
That looks like my dog gypsy that died 2 yrs ago 😭
I’m amazed your lab was calm enough to be in an office! I work with dogs and most of my labs would not be able to stay on the floor haha.  
I’m the captain now!
Desk TOP support pupper!
"Hey? Has anyone seen the boss's dog? His seeing eye dog?"
*bark!*
"What was that, Jenkins?"
"I said he's not over here".
Those eyes, melt my heart
sweeeeet dooogie! :D
He’s saying, “get to fucking work.”
Puppers looks like he's saying "*I was told to monitor your work performance*."
Nope. Not hello. He’s keeping a watch on you to make sure that you’re working and not slacking or doing something else such as posting on Reddit on company time. 
Did he sniff your privates? 
That is an absolute textbook lab look right there.  Looking at you wanting affection, food or needs to go potty those are the only 3 things my labs ever want when I get that look.  
Cutie baby 
Looks like a “Get-back-to-working” dog with that expression on his face!
A classic Lab move.  Next he will sit up with paws on your knees and his head blocking your view of the monitor. This means it is time for a walk.
Love it
I barely get any work done as it is, this would be corporate suicide.
The way she's looking at you it's like she knows you're an employee 
What a gorgeous doggo!
So fucking beautiful.
Serious dog is serious.
You have been visited by a dog.
I hope one day my boss would allow this...
That dog is judging the fuck out of you.
I love businesses that have dogs. Hell, if I could bring my dog to work, I totally would!
It a trap
Hes looking at you like my boss looks at me. Definitely the bosses dog.
Desk rabbit.
r/Perfectfit
Boop that snoot please.
Checkin to see if it’s cool if you work this weekend

11
PETA! Where’s PETA? This dog is in need for PETA
He's spying on you, doing some recon for the boss.
Ahh yeah my mom said this is my desk now. 
“The fuck you doing at my desk, Susan?”
What did you take that photo with?
He’s beautiful. 
That's a gourmet doggo! Lookin good!
The snoot must be booped. 
Ah the wonderful earnest but slightly dim face of a black lab coming to meet you

I do miss my mutt
That dog eats higher quality than you do
“Hello. I am good boy.”
A 
Boss Dogg has got his eye on you.
Is it a 'he' or a 'she'
The dog expects you to be more productive, Karen
Labradors are great looking dogs!
That's the "I am onto you" look..... you better "bribe" him with scritches and lots of em.
So you took this with a space camera?
Sharper than a mug!
Cool
I'm going to need those TPS reports by 3
Could you tell me what's the keyboard ? 
Don't be fooled !!! That's  a robodog records all the office activity
He looks like a boss.
He wants to talk to you about those TPS reports...
Wow what a great boi
Cute Dog.🤗
Dog: Yeah, we're gonna need you to go ahead and stay late on Friday... yeah.
He looks very clean and very soft.
Reminds me of my old dog, Polo. RIP old friend. 
He’s so gorgeous! Should have a name like Bagheera or Cole.
"You honestly don't keep any treats at your desk?  This is supposed to be a dog friendly workplace.  This is going in your file."  -Dog
Look Squirrel! 
He’s totally judging your lack of productivity.
*work efficiency reached 0%*
Just came here to say that i love that kind of keyboard with a passion.

Loved the office doggo though :3
Pic makes it look like he might attack.,bit i know it wont. Have a choco lab myself
I can say I Labra-Adore this Dog!
Where do you work and can I apply
Looks like he's on a mission.
That serious face.  Upper management material xD
Desk. Rabbit. 
[I bring my dog to the office sometimes!](https://i.imgur.com/nDocRIu.jpg)
looks like you have an additional supervisor.  better get busy telling him he is a good boy or you will get a verbal warning. 
Hey bud
If I saw this face zero work would get done that day. 
Is his name Vizor by any chance?
Im going to need that power point on how I'm a good boy before the end of the day Carol. 
He’s precious 👍
"Doug, we need to talk about your productivity..."
Hiring?
I'm going to have to let you go
What a cutie!
Tried to smell your duh
r/dogswithjobs
This looks spooky like my office’s carpet and desk. And keyboard. What field do you work in...
Definitely a good boi...
Op how did you're boss dognap my doggo?
I was just sitting there, working away.....when suddenly, I got crotch-poked by this monster......I basically shit myself.
Does any one know the equation that represents; the gooder the boi the less the work gets done? 
Black labs are my favorite, they’re good dog’s, and they love water. 
Awwwwwwww ❤️❤️
"We were expecting to speak with a man. Can we speak to your boss?"

"My boss is a woman as well"

"Your boss is a woman? This is a very strange bank..."

Good boy.
You can never leave that job
I wish I could bring my dog to work 
I love labs. I've only owned labs and my current yellow lab is my baby. 
I would say you are in trouble with that look on his face.
Hey buddy I have that same keyboard 
Adorable!💞🤗
he looks so sad
Looking Good
What’s his name?
Pet dis good boi for all of us, OP!
WE BEG YOU!!!!
Fantastic looking lab... name?
"I see you are one of dads so called pets. Welcome to the pack.
That’s a nice fuckin’ pupper right there. 
So your TPS reports. Did you get the memo?
Cutest of boys wants head pats please. 😃
Cute dog! Looks like my Jennifer! :-)
He’s the goodest boy!
He's absolutely gorgeous.
Worker: Ok, time to work

Dog: Hi how are ya?
What a gorgeous doggo.
My work has a lab at the moment aswell! He looks exactly like this one :D
Time for the lab report
I was just thinking I wish I could bring my dog to class so we could play on the nice campus grass. He would not be a good boi though, he would be a very excited boi.

Edit: boi not bio...
Awww I want one now!❤️❤️❤️
Pretty sure I wouldn’t get any work done ☺️
what's for lunch?
More like..I know it's you mfer
Hey you! Yes, you! You got any of those pets and scritches for me?
BoopTheSnoot
Please tell me you booped that nose! 
"Why the fuck aren't you working? Put your phone away." - Dog
It's smug aura mocks me.
"I'm gunna need those reports by 3. Ruff."
“Get back to work Scott”
I wanna bring my pupper to work 😍😍😍
He’s beautiful
He looks a bit angry
Best. Dog. Ever.

&#x200B;
Get back to work.
good thing you knew she brought the dog in.  I think if nobody warned me and I looked and saw this big black beast staring at me, I would've screamed!  (been reading too much horror lately...think I'm gonna stop now)
Those are some judging ass eyes/
H E N L O P U P P E R
I have a similar work dog!

[https://imgur.com/a/HwD21lH](https://imgur.com/a/HwD21lH)
He is sooo adorable!   
Haha :)
True puppy dog eyes!
Those eyes...🐶💖

That boopable nose...💖🐶💖

My heart is yours, puppy 😍
Does she also love a good crotch? 
AWE😍😍Super sweet! #Bringyourpettoworkday
Hiya Cutie-Pie!!! Spread some love, Darlin' 🙂❤😘❤
He's definitely giving you the "boss look"...
He's judging you.
 I love that face! I wish we could bring dogs in where I work :/ 
help handsome buddy
No. That isn't "hello". That is "um...so Sharon....I can sell ALL of that snacks you have in your second to the bottom drawer and I suggest you share. Also....I need a pet!  K....thanks!"
Just making sure you're doing good
awww

https://m.soundcloud.com/nastoodope
He's making sure you put the cover on the TPS report.
Your boss is a woman? Now this is a strange bank...
Mine did too! I didn't get as good of a picture though[here he is](https://i.imgur.com/vZtTcpi.jpg)
#Praise be to the newest Champion of Reddit, u/mzzzz1!

[Let us not forget the Champions of yore...](https://www.reddit.com/r/ChampionsOfReddit/)
OK!
I HATE that keyboard...
What a handsome boye
Hello darkness my old friend 
Would just lie on the ground and cuddle with the dog all day
He looks like he’s telling you to get back to work and to no longer speak of the word “union” among employees. 
I know that face. What were you eating?
Great! Just wanna pet that big boy!
"You got games on your phone, human?"
He came and *then* said hello?
make sure he never leaves! <3
you stole your boss'es karma i hope they fire you 
Pretty sure I've seen this before.. 
Boss's doodle and my two jack russel mixes at work! 

 http://imgur.com/a/pxUxi63
Lucky you!
“Where are those reports on acceptable doggy treats I asked for earlier?”
Labs are the best
You mean "The BEST day EVER in the office!"  :)

I would not get much work done if that face was under my desk right now.  
Get that fucking monster out of the workplace
That dog certainly looks like it's your boss now.
WHAT A GOOD BOY :)
Sorry , Boops & Belly Scratches will my main goal of the day - work will have to wait. 
labradors are the best
Man. I wish I worked somewhere that allowed pets in the office. I’d love my job so much more. 
Imma need the kibbles, bits, and beggin strips on my desk in the next 10 minutes, Sharon!

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
Get out of my seat!
Good boy 
and on this day, no work was done...
He looks accusatory. “Are you getting your work done, Carol? Did you get my memo, Carol?”
That is exactly a dog hello.
Good boi!
Black labs are the purest 😍
Where does one find a dog so calm?

Mine would be running around like a nut, knocking over trash cans looking for treasure.
Awwwww he is so cute i just want to grab him from my screen a give him a hug😊😊😊😊😊😋
Great shot! Black dogs are very difficult to photograph satisfactorily. 
Making sure you're doing work
I'd have to boop that nose. Far to boopable
He looks judgmental 
He's got that, "why are you on your cellphone at work," look.
People bring their dogs into my office every few days. There’s a perfect explaination to why they go under desks like that.

Prime crotch sniffing spot.
Hewoo hooman, can I has pets?
Boop it on the snout!
just looks like a younger, less grey version of my sweet girl 
Hi Doggie!
I want to kiss that cold, wet, black nose. 
He came to say "get back to work"
Man, I have the exact same keyboard!
Hey we use the same keyboard at work
You think she's tough in the office? Go take a shit in the kitchen... See what happens
Probably trained to keep an eye on you 
Employee doggo of the year
what a gorgeous doggy! what's doggy's name?
That good boy is obviously Employee of the Month material. 
dog :) 
Got snaxx frenn
Nooooo, I'm at work and away from my Lab right now :(
I wish we could bring dogs to work.  Everyone would probably be ok with it except 1 supercomplainer who would say they have allergies.
[deleted]
Yea ..I'm gonna need you to work late tonight.yea.
My ~~Dad~~Mom is your boss and he says you have to play with me.
Typically adorable Labby behavior. Soooo cuuute!🐾
Aww I want!!
How are you not hugging him and giving him as many pets as he wants?
Herrrooooooooooo!
All work office should come with a resident doggo.
now thats a cute doggo, a good friend owns a dog of the same race
Bringing pets to work: you either get distracted all day and your honest, hard working coworkers start feeling contempt for you, or you ignore your dog and do your job and your dog might as well have been left at home.

Or it's awesome because nobody works hard at the company
How do I get a job at the dog office?
Beautiful
Omggg I cant even.. that face ....
Boss Dogg Doggystyle
Best employee
Good doggo 
“I’m down here for executive reasons. Keep doing your job. “
Aw isn't that so cute!
That's nice. It's a shame that people in my area come from stupid cultures where dogs are either hated or seen as dangerous, even if they're small and clearly harmless.
Hiya!

Was it "Bring your labrador to work day" today? Why did noone tell me?
Wish he would visit my work
"I'm the NSFW dog. Are you viewing anything inappropriate on your screen?....Well?"
He knows you have food.
"Why do you take that from him? I don't..."
He looks kind of serious. “I don’t see a cover sheet on that TPS report.”  
i have one like this 🤗🐶😭
“Give chimken nuggers or clear out your desk”
"I wear desk hat"
Tell him that reddit says hi
cute
What. A. Good. BOOOOYE. 
I think I found my dogs twin :)
"Why you are not working?"
" I know you have snacks in that drawer.  I could smell them!!!"
Hi.  I'm Old Gregg...
“Take me home. Your boss has secks with my b-hole”
/r/PetTheDamnDog
