This guy has quite a few videos of him hanging out with these two lions, which he rescued from a river after their mother abandoned them. He also hangs out with hyenas and has his own place in one pack's hierarchy. 
Good Lord, look at the size of those paws!!
Kevin Richardson, The Lion Whisperer on YouTube. Puts up amazing videos with these fantastic animals. He's really integrated into these animal hierarchies, and has really bonded with them since they came to him.
Title says 'lion' not lions. When the second came I thought it was over
I read that the trainers have to keep their ground when 'greeting' lions. If they fell, it could be deadly.
[I think this is the video this came from. Really amazing.](https://youtu.be/MNCzSfv4hX8)
Man: Look! Barry remembers me!
*Lion starts running toward man.
Man: Wait... That’s not Barry!! That’s not Barry!!!
Better hope that lion doesn't get Alzheimer's.
Somewhere out there, an antelope is seeing this thinking “oh that’s all they want?  Hugs?”
Dude is bold af to play with them and I'm super jealous. I'm just amazed that he doesn't get shredded around his shoulders. My cats have left a network of tiny scars from all the times they've accidentally snagged me. Seems like this would happen once in awhile with those massive paws. 
Makes sure he keeps his front to them... smart Dad!
You can tell he has to be kinda forceful with them so they don't hurt him by accident.
Is the Male lion "making muffins" at the end there? It might just be the camera but it looks like he's got just thr slightest bit of the "kneading" motion going on.
I hope the lion whisperer doesn't end up like the guy that did the same thing with grizzly bears.  They may look like cute cuddly kitties, but those are killing machines under all that floof.
Now that's 1,000 times more impressive and awe-inspiring than a lion head mounted on a wall. 
I know lions are huge magnificent beautiful beasts and all but I never had quite the right perspective to see how big, those fucking paws are bigger than this dude's head and almost the size of his entire torso. I am quite jealous, I wish I could just hang out with these kitties all day. I wonder how they would protect him in the event of danger. So cool. Nature is scary but this makes me smile. 
Of all the big wild animal lovers, this guy has the least chance of being killed by his I think. Something about his mannerisms / confidence. I remember reading that he makes the lions think he's dominant since he's known them from infancy and instilled respect into them from a young age. 
I vicariously live through this guys videos. I couldn’t even begin to imagine the emotion involved in this. Just awesome all around. 
That's Awesome.
I understand the risks.

I want to do this so bad :(
The most intriguing thing about this guy is that he probably has to make sure he has the same clothes on for each visit and not shower a few days beforehand. The smell of him attracts the memories for the lions more than anything else, which is most likely why he’s not eaten yet.
Lions would make great pets if not for their size, claws and murderous tendencies.
Very adorable and very very scary!
Yeah ... just one big nope here.
These lions have so much pride.
Throughout history the vast majority of time when this happened it didn't end well for the human
There are few things I can imagine being better than being hugged by a lion.
u/stabbot

Edit: [stabilized](https://gfycat.com/MeagerThriftyIberianemeraldlizard) 
Just keep in mind that this is one of the top predators and savage hunters and they are over this man like a fucking kitten...that’s some real bond there!!
This is one of the things I'm waiting for the singularity for...
Is this the guy in (I think) South Africa who has like become part of their pride and wrestles with them?
This is so much more of a “real man” than the pics of dudes with animals they just shot dead. So thank you!
The way the camera moves, is the thing attached to some long structure and then to his waste?
Why is it that big cats can be nice but you never see a house cat do anything like this?
All fun and games till they rip you apart
The balls it takes to really be sure it's the same lion... 
r/hardcoreaww
Spent the whole video trying to figure out what the GoPro is attached to exactly..
🎶can you feel the love tonight...🎶

I love you, food. 
Fuck.... that....
That's not a "Dad."  That is straight-up, standing gonads in human form.
It's incredible how huge they are! The lions paw is the size of the guy's head.
Man, seeing how these lions react, my cat is a little piece of shit. 
And my cat ignores me after im gone all day smh the hurrt
Scary..i can only imagine what kinda power they have. Neat. 
That’s like 500 lbs of murder kitty ! 
That 3rd person over-the-shoulder cam setup is so much better than a headcam for this because we'd just be seeing musty lion neck for 80% of this clip
It’s insane how even the most wild of animals can show emotion and affection 
This dude has the rare perspective of knowing how he'll die. And that's something.
To be able to stand confidently with a lion charging at you...that man’s got cojones. 
Either that guy has just a next level degree of stupidity that turns into bravery, or his testicles are more likely to be instated as planets than Pluto.
This world has so many beautiful creatures, I wish the common man was able to interact with them more.
That is 'shit my pants adorable' if I ever saw it.
How was this filmed?
I want to hug a lion. It will never happen, but I'd love to if it didn't mean my untimely demise. 
Wow.
The Lions are so rough
I want to hug a lion. It will never happen, but I'd love to if it didn't mean my untimely demise. 
I wonder what they smell like. 
[He has a youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/user/LionWhispererTV)
They're just giant cats. Giant happy cuddly cats. 
The part when they all hit the ground and Mama just rolls over on them... ❤️
After a very crappy week, that cheered me up.
im glad that went to plan, cause if not...
 Better hope those are your lions... 
So what's different about this guy from the guy that went to live with bears and got eaten? 
Does he have to throw them off and top the male as a show of dominance? Legit asking. 
What a cute murder kitty
I don't doubt other animals are capable of forming bonds as deep and meaningful as humans- but I don't trust anything or anyone enough to be cool with two charging lions.
I can't stop watching this... My heart is aching in the best way
Step 1: Make sure it's the right lion

Step 2: MAKE SURE it's the right lion...
Is hugging a universal language even in the animal kingdom?
THE BIGGEST TOE BEANS
And then they ate him. 
Camera man has some balls. 
I run from my own dogs when they run at me like these lions ran toward this dude.
This is amazing! That guy has big balls!!! It just reiterates the concept of relationships between people and animals.
[deleted]
My dream job.
Even lions can't forget the person who saved them.
That would be terrifying!! 
that's fantastic!
Simply awesome!
Oh my God, this makes me so happy!!
i wish i could befriend any wildcat like him or king ezekiel from the walking dead
Those kitties play rough 
Nope 
That's one of the most awesome, sweet things I've ever seen 😊
Dope guy
so much nope
Gotta be a clencher moment when you got two lions running at you like that, even if you’ve raised them.
So beautiful who is this guy?
Now that’s a snuggle struggle if I’ve ever seen one
Good lord, i’d give everything i have to to have lions love me like this. 
I would shit myself. I’m certain of it. 
Even big cats like snuggles!
My cat said hello by pissing in my purse.
r/sweatypalms
He's not dangerous, he's just a big stoned kitty
I thought this video was uncharted for a moment
This is bananas! 
Wow I wish my cats would treat me like this 🙄
Did you see that lions paw? Absolute unit. 
I guess his balls was filming.
I wanna be a lion mumma
That’s how my bull is, even tho friendly and fun you have to be careful cuz he’s heavy as shit
I wonder what you have to have done so right in a past life to earn a life where you get hugs like this from fuckin lions this go-round?  Whatever it was...looks worth it. That looks like the best thing in the world. 
This man..is a man that carries his balls in a wheelbarrow, because they are so freaking huge.
Is this some sort of third person camera waist-apparatus? That constant angle is so cool!
This is unreasonably adorable.
The paws on those things are so massive damn
/r/bigboye
r/sweatypalms 
Hey Lana he remembers me!!!!
Hell nah to the nah nah nah nah hell to the nah
this would be a great 50/50
How does this man walk with such massive balls 
I loved that he was like "Begone Thot! Where my homie at?"
Those paws tho, christ almighty
r/nononoyes

(Minutes later, off camera)

no
Beautiful 
Dude I leave for a week and when I return my cats barely awknoledge me. 
Such beautiful animals. I get so angry when people want to kill these beautiful animals. I just don’t know what type of person would want to do that. 
r/sweatypalms 
Mankind is truly a unique race of animal. The most mighty animals  from the stealthy crocodile to an enraged bull elephant  can get lucky and kill a lion but how many can call the King of Beasts a friend?
Testicle level 100.
You can’t tell me he didn’t poo a little when the first one pounced. 

For a fraction of a second he thought he was gonna die
This had two lions, so I feel like I should be able to give it two upvotes. 
I regularly watch his videos on insta to brighten my day. Great humanbeing.
I’ve watched a lot of his stuff on YouTube, he’s truly a fascinating individual who really cares about the work he does. We need more people like him.
And here my cats are ignoring the shit outta me 
I’ve seen this guy on YouTube he’s amazing!
does he attach the camera to his ass ? 
r/hardcoreaww
atleast they censored out his massive ballz
"damn you looking swole fam, what program you follow?"
oh you know, petting my cats and whatnot
Look at that skillful take down on the human's part. 
How the guy recognise the lion? Almost all the lion look the same? Hope he could let us know how to differentiate them.
This is like a furry's wet dream.
I know this guy has bonded with them and all that, but still...a full grown lion bounding over and leaping up at you head first is beyond terrifying.
 God those paws are so big. Could you imagine that swiping your calf, chest, or face? Those paws are nearly as big as his shoulder. 

 Also he looks so prepared when the lions come to him. Even when the male lion puts his head up he seems like he is pushing. I figure because how much a Lion weighs? (Correct me if I’m wrong, Lion trainers!)

  
r/nonononoyes
...and I’ve got this biggest balls of them all!!! That’s insane that you can build that kind of a relationship with an apex predator, just one little change in emotion and your watching those lions tear out your intestines 
It never ceases to amaze me how muscular and massive lions' front legs and paws are until they interact with a human.  They are freaking strong animals!
This is from The Lion Whisperer video on YouTube. The whole video is amazing! Check it out on the GoPro channel. It’s a little mini documentary on this guy
This kind of thing will never cease to amaze me.
That would be my incentive to go to the gym if I had lion friends 
I can not stop watching this I want his life 
I did this to. But I died in the game
Its a cheap trick, he's got some moon sugar in his pockets.
Cats are amazing big or small
Is that his real dad?
Unfortunately for the cameraman, they didn’t recognize him... 
Only a matter of time before I get to watch this guy on LiveLeak. 
If you've seen Grizzly Man you know how this story will inevitably end. 
It’s also curious how they recognize him. Either that or they hug and cuddle every human they see which would be awesome. 
You know for a second he has to wonder if that lion is running towards him in hunger...
I would be more surprised if he didn't recognize him
He has been living with them for more than 15 years. He developed his own language to converse with them. 

He is so passionate about them. It's amazing to watch.
 
He has his own park, and raised quite a few of them. There's videos of him laying down and chilling with them. 
https://www.youtube.com/user/LionWhispererTV

Link for those interested.
It's a great channel for a great cause.
“Remember who you are”-Mufasa
I want to hug a lion. So beautiful. 
This guy will get killed by lions. Calling it now

&#x200B;
it’s cool how he wrestles with them too. that might be a reason why they accepted him
This is supposed to make me go “awww” not make me cry. 
 I was watching this 8 hours ago...... all that juicy karma gone. 
This is the definition of some white people shit
This just warmed my soul. I love it.
This is so cute, almost makes me forget that these are such dangerous predators. <3
I want to cuddle with a lion. 
He is world famous old Kevin Richardson. One of the few people who do it for the love of the animals. If I remember correctly one of his pack died, a female. He was inconsolable. Can't imagine building such a tight bond with animals so rare and then losing one.
But yeah, as we've established it's Kevin Richardson. Go support him, he deserves it, and more.
Wow.
Less kavanaugh more lions!
Do the other lions look at each other with the same incredulity that humans do when observing furries in their natural habitat?
Very cool, at first I was like oh shit that lion is approaching way to fast. But I am glad it had s happy ending 👦🏻
[deleted]
Look at those murder mittens!
That's so lovely!

I would shit myself.
That's is so amazing. Even dangerous, wild animals can show love and kinship.
/r/PeopleFuckingDying 
God, I wanted the lion to rip his head off like "how did you expect this to go?" 
Aww! They really are big cats! Just really, really, really big cats! 😻
Kevin Richardson is a bloody legend.
That's amazing!!! 
Let me try this and I'll be dead within 5 seconds
I know they are still wild animals but.....BIG KITTIES!
One day he will be eaten.  
I will never experience that awesomeness. My life went a different path.  Kinda sad.  

But I also don't have to worry about being mauled by a bunch of servers and storage arrays either.
This guy has balls of steel. 
No. Nope. Fuck No.





That's it, I'm buying a lion 
I wish I could interact with a wolf pack like this, just once. They're such amazing animals. I wish humanity would stop killing so many of them. 
r/sweatypalms
We don't deserve lions.
I can watch this over and over!
Btw that guy seems cute, has two adorable kitties....I wonder if he's single? I'd might've greeted him the same way! 😏
Hell to the no
That's a high velocity hug. 
How is this possible?
I envy this man.
I love it despite the Level 5 pucker it induces to watch. It’s just thisclose to being r/whatcouldgowrong
Those lions fucking love this dude holy shit 
jeeeez those are some BIG kitties....
Kevin Richardson!! My celebrity crush 
Oh this is from the yt video iirc. 
That's a whole lot of purr purr
Such loving beasts
Plot twist: the cats and man have never met, he just rolled around in catnip before walking out in that field
Im so jealous of this guy
The lion whisperer is safe from raising them or something. The brave 1 is the cameraman who is nothing to them.
See, is just big kitties... why don’t they let me pet them at the zoo? 
I’m surprised he didn’t fall down with the size of those lions AND his massive testicles
I'M NOT CRYING! YOU'RE CRYING! 
WHO PUT THESE TEARS IN MY EYES??
Do grown lions behave this way around their biological parents/ siblings?
I need to hear these purrs. 
And you thought Russians were crazy for wrestling bears.
Would have been more interesting if the guy thought they were 2 completely different lions.
That cuddling looks painful 
Animals are so beautiful. 
Is this Kevin Richardson?
What is love? 
Imagine a lion running full speed straight at you & not even flinching. Now that's bad ass.
Lions are the biggest of Kitty's 
I wanna do that and live too.
I love how the male lion is more gentle with him. 
*her* dad (no mane)
Well the title was right, at least OP wasn't lion to us
That PAW! 😲
Can’t even train my gf cat not to use her claws, but these killing machines get it? 

There is no justice.
Just like I always yell at my cat when he's being disgustingly cute: "Ham!"
r/eyebleach
wow this is amazing
Papa bless 🙏🙏🙏
Hellll to the nawwww nawwww
This guy has a youtube channel, the lion whisperer. 
Some great videos there, couple where he answers questions while using one of the lions as a pillow.
This is definitely /r/nonononoyes material, not aww material
That boy has some large stones, now doesn't he
Damn that’s a massive paw
Luckiest man in the world
The only way I can pet the neighborhood cat is with a stick.
watched an hour long video on this guy he is a legend!
This starts as a nightmare 
Man, that guy has some power to be holding up the lion like that.
I mean.. how?? They're lions..
I just want to stroke a lions mane before I die. 
This made me start crying.  We recently had to put down one of our cats, and this gif is too sweet.
Where the hell is he the go pro attached.
That's a nice fuckinn kitty right there.
This makes be beyond happy. 
Wow, even if I raised those suckers from the day they were born, I still would be a little nervous
I can't imagine the feeling of one of the world's deadliest and most powerful animals having a soft spot for you. That's love right there.
whenever i had 2 or more cats i'd always have to break them up after getting jealous of whomever i was giving more attention to. i think in this case i'd just let them go at it
How can I have this job 
These always scare me. You can’t tell if the lions are running to eat you or greet you.
Such a big cat.
Beautiful and terrifying.
sick fucker downs a male lion and makes his woman his bitch
Oh, i thought someone called m..nevermind
r/sweatypalms
Damn that was scary andddd so cute. Murderer kitty can be so awesome at some point :p
Code brown!
He has a YouTube channel he uses to raise awareness and find his sanctuary. Would be nice if a mod could link and pin it. 
This is just so pure 
Both heartwarming and terrifying at the same time.
This gave me a lot of anxiety. 
Talk about a highly unusual camera angle.
The way they act in this clip makes me feel like they’re kitties, but I don’t think I’d be comfortable getting that cozy with actual lions.  Things are colossal!
Look at the oven mitts on that thing.
Thank you! Made my day! 
Lions aren’t dangerous, they just hungry sometimes...
r/maybemaybemaybe 
Kevin Richardson is awesome!

He's an actual conservationist, not like that joke Black Jaguar White Tiger who is just out to make money and fame for himself.
Inb4 lion whisperer dies tragically x years from now from lion attack
That has to be the most amazing feeling
That was terrifying to watch
What an incredible experience that must be. 
Is the camera mounted on his waist or something?
 Serious question. Why are lions so affectionate? They seem more so than other cats. Is it related to being a "pack" animal?
Alternate title: Man stands ground and survives attack from two lions
Shitty LPT: when charged by a male lions, grab his mane and raspberry his nose.   
That paw is as big as his head
This is the coolest thing I have ever seen
There must be a beautiful backstory, that I’m sure is in the comments, but still I like my imagination’s version better. 
god I wish that was me
"ahh come 'ere you big softie. Now *fuck off*! **YOU**, ya big sonofabitch, get in 'ere"

The lion whisperer, probably
Kevin Richardson from 'The Lion Ranger'
some of his interactions with meg and amy, the two lionesses he has raised from the time they were born i think, are pure /r/eyebleach
I could give all I have and going to have to live this moment...

It goes right to my heart. 
Dos he died?
My cat hates me and all other humans.  Are lions known for being affectionate as a quality trait? 
That's not his dad. more like a brother or a kid to the lion.
I want this to be the last thing I do in this life.
Didn't see the title or the subreddit and thought that was about to be one dead man
Boarderline wtf lol 
That is literally my life goal. There are no others.

Can someone point me toward some lions?
Big kitters
So does anyone want to explain why it's okay for him to do this? 
Murder floofs love snuggles too... huh. TIL...
I wanna see that camera mount.
Don't try this at home. 
Crapped my pants
Holy fuck. I would be shitting my pants. 
My fuckin cat isn’t half this friendly...
I thought this was about to turn into a real-life lion version of Joke #032094 ("Not The Same Elephant") but I'm glad it went the other way.
Cats are cats. No matter the size.
King Julien was right..."They are just a bunch of pansies".
Tbh if I saw 2 lions running at me like that, no matter who I am , I’d have hauled ass
I was afraid this was in yesyesyesno or whatever so I had to double check. Whew. 
Cute yet terrifying 
Can someone reverse this to make it look like an escape 
It's paw almost completely covers his head. I love lions and a part of me has always wanted to be up close to one until o joined reddit and have seen what they do to warthogs on r/natureismetal 
Mother fuck...lions are so much bigger than I ever realized. I’ve never seen one. I also never saw an ant eater until that post a couple days ago due to that post. I have a new fear.
I wonder if that underhook technique would work against Khabib Nurmagomedov.
This is incredible 
Does anyone remember Timothy Treadwell?
This guy has balls of steel holy fuck, he didn't even flinch 
Recognising "Dad" or "Dinner" 
Where and how is that camera attached?!?
Pure love... 
If you move your phone around while the video plays it feels like a vr experience
To shreds you say?
Why would this be the snuggliest hug ever 
Dangggg!!  Those PAWS are HUGE!!! 
The second one had me a little spooked.
*WOW* 😱😲😵 
That could've been a streetwise two TO-GO right there.. 👀 
Guess I didn't realise how big lions were until now, they're fucking huge!

Look at the size of that paw!
What is it with these white people??
THIS man is the king of the jungle. 
I dont know how to save but I need to show this to someone so sorry
Wow!
Silly question.  I’m allergic to house cats.  Would I be allergic to these?
I really thought this guy would have been killed by now. Good for him.
He works doing what he loves, his YouTube channel is heartwarming and very educational!
Those are big ass cats. 
Someone buy that man a camera stabilizer. 
This is so beautiful ❤
Big gurl and big boi meet big poppa.
Imagine the strength and will to stay standing with a full grown male lion leaning on you
Never seen a man takling down a lion...
I can see his body under full tension staying grounded...amazing
How come they don't bite?
This guy has balls of steel
Omg!!!!!😢😢😢😢😢
What job is this? How do i get to be this guy? Work at a zoo? A vet? How do i become a lion whisperer?

Im being serious i want this to be my career.
Why do big cats seem more like dogs than house cats? Most house cats would just look at him like, “meh. It’s back. Refill my food dish with sustenance for I hunger. And when I am done, I will allow you to pet me for exactly five minutes. Then I will be done with you. For a time...”
aww ohh my
Talk about love😥😭 that was so touching!
I don't care what the guy says, there's no way there wasn't an "I hope he doesn't eat me" moment as the lions were running up to him.
I wish you could to this free of fear one of them might nibble your head off. :(
This just got me all in the feels. Best thing I've seen all day.
I wish lions weren't such asswholes so I can hug them like this!
No matter how confident or close he was/is to those lions I’m sure he was holding his breath when the first lion ran up. Lol This is so amazing to watch. Thanks for sharing op. 
This will end badly.. Eventually. 
So you forget to feed your cat once, no big deal.

Forget to feed you lion, oh boy 
what about the camera guy....?
That was both amazing and terrifying. 
Love looks the same in every brain. 
I remember seeing a documentary on this. He raised them from cubs. It's so awesome. 
Crazy
I thought it was fake. Until I saw more videos. WTH. This guy is........crazy?
Always afront a predator animal.
FoooooooooooooooooooooooooddddddddddddddddddddddddohwaititsNOTFOOT! 
r/nonononoyes
Check his channel out, pretty interesting stuff. 

https://www.youtube.com/user/LionWhispererTV
Am I the only one imaging the weight and power behind this lion? Holding that guy up is a task in itself they way he's leaning into him.
So sweet 
"Lion's recognized a proper meal."
fake Christian the lion
How was this filmed?
I could only wish 
Yeah thats all very cute and all but jesus christ my last meal would have been flying out of my ass faster than that lion ran up to that dude if that was me
I'd just like a hug right now. I'd risk the near certain death too. 
10/10 would never do 

Though I do appreciate a person who shares and educates people while doing this crazy nonsense 
How come these big cats don't hug with their claws like regular cats?
Nathan? Far cry 5?
Fuck man, my life had been a waste 
That’s a terrifying aww.
Teared up a little 
Cats are cats
Nathan Drake, Lion friend
I’ve heard tale of a place that you end up when you die if you did some good stuff. Fairly certain that I just witnessed it. I’ll be doing good stuff as much as I can 
Awe 0w0 teh hooman and floofy h*ckin fren r SO cute!!!
I’m just glad nobody got murdered. 
Dude got bigger nuts than me.
I just want to say I am pretty glad that I wasn't on r/whatcouldgowrong.
No matter how big, animals love scritches.
Lion whisperer is a step away from lion food.
Needs to be crossposted in r/ohshit 
“It’s just a big kitty, boys!”
He’s sexy AF without the big cats. ::Sigh::
AWW... 

....SHII--!

Worthy indeed.
If only my cats would do this to me...
I wanna cuddle puddle with lions!!
More like /r/awwnaw
Aww, they're such happy mega murder kitties.
Right in da feels
/u/stabbot
Just falls on its back in comfort and submission. That's a bond right there. (don't be dumb) 
Cat. :D
I love this guy. He's got a great, informative YouTube channel that he updates regularly at his sanctuary. I highly recommend it. Some of the stuff he does is amazing. 
Holy fucking shit, the size of those paws! Could literally swipe your head from your body if he wanted to 
This is why personal subjective experiences and opinions about animals and breeds of dogs are dumb.  “I’ve been around them all my life and they’re the sweetest things ever, wouldn’t hurt a soul.”
That is some next-level trust this guy is demonstrating here.  
/u/stabbot

Edit https://gfycat.com/MeagerThriftyIberianemeraldlizard
Who is this guy.. I've seen him before?
Lions are fucking huge.
i’ve never watched a third-person gif before
Nonononononoyes! 
My cat(s) have accidentally scratched me when jumping over/on me, I can only imagine how much worse that'd be when their claws are huge. 
r/nononoyes would also appreciate this.
For a brief second I'll bet he shit his pants.   Are they going to remember????   Oh shit o shit.....   Na we are good.
My heart has to recover from both the cuteness and the anxiety I felt when I saw the lion approaching
I WANT TO DO THIS.

... but i also like living.
Those are some majestic kitty's 
That was gnarly as fuck bro
r/sweatypalms
Nope
Oh poopy! Oh double poopy!
I miss my cat so much I'd do anything just to even feel him bite me

This is that and then some 
They are just big kitty's.
If they are anything like the cats I’ve met, there’s a fine line between “pet me!” and “why are you still petting me?” BITE.  

Then again I keep going back for more so I don’t blame this guy. 
Awwwwwwws
Aww... 
Both terrifying and heart warming.
Now that's a sight to behold aslan cuddles he's dad
Fucking nope nope nope... awww
/u/stabbot, do your thing, please.
He literally wrestled the king of the pride. Balls hang low. 
r/nope
Absolutely fucking amazing!
u/stabbot
I looove all the nudges and rubs. A cat is a cat no matter the size!
Papa can you hear meee...raor! 
It's always amazing to me when big, wild cats act like house cats. Discovery Channel and BBC documentaries only ever show the vicious, deadly sides to these animals. I wonder how loud a lion's purr is. 
Nope the fuck outta that!
A? A lion? You got me bruh
I hope they recognize me!..I hope they recognize me!  I hope........whew! Im still alive!
Want job.
Love is all around. 
Those are big murder mittens
I have questions. Does he make sure the lions have eaten recently and aren't hungry when he goes up to them? It looks like they're out in the wild but I could be completely wrong, I'm only assuming. Maybe he leaves some food around so that they're good and stuffed and then waits an hour to go say hi?

How is this shot taken? It seems the camera is attached to him in some way, maybe by the hip? I'd like to see the rig.
Where the hell is that camera mounted to get that shot?
Wtf did i just watch
/r/themurderpuddle
I always wonder how many fleas are all over those animals he rolls around with. 
We had to watch a documentary about this guy in careers. he’s fucks with hyenas too
This is terrifyingly beautiful 
The lion king*
The part about this that just blows my mind is how obviously heavy these animals are. They aren't even putting their full weight on him, and the strain of maintaining a standing posture while these beasts "hug" him has him out of breath by the end of the video. Just stunning.
Thanks! This really brightened my day!
I’d shit myself and die
Rest in peace..I mean it looks like they're resting peacefully together at the end
 
Who's recording and how?
I'm very surprised he didn't get knocked over wow. That was a huge lioness charging at him at pretty high velocity
Thats nice
This is truly amazing.  Blows my mind!
aw dude thats sick i gotta try this shit
I am incredibly envious of this relationship
Love it
That is a man. There is no doubt that is a full on secure with himself man. Boom!
#askmeg
This wouldn’t have worked with the Mapogo clan. Those lions were badass. 
That’s actually amazing how friendly they are
Do they recognize his voice like house cats do? I’ve heard if you lose your cat outside you should walk around and speak a lot because they will come to your familiar voice 
Dave Salmoni 🔥🔥🔥 & brilliant!!! 
I wish my girlfriend would hug me like that. 
Good hugs!
Majestic... and horrifying haha 
that lioness is just like

"cuddle pile!!!!!1!!!!!1"
It's Felicity I know that wolf!
Yeah, that's gonna be a no for me dog.
I almost cried. 
The new Uncharted game looks great
Holy shit. If I had one wish in the world, I wouldn’t waste it on something like the power to fly or the power to read minds. My one wish would be to be able to interact with animals like this without the fear of being slaughtered. It’s amazing the bond he has with these guys. Super jealous 
ohhh hell noo, that must be an amazing feeling tho
These videos get me sobbing every time. No one should ever believe animals don't have thoughts and feelings. 
sooooo when are we going to have fully domesticated lions? possible? y/n?
Nope
This one never gets old
This is so amazing to see and the “dad” (human) just seems so bad ass. Who’d fuck with this dude when walking around with a male and female lion on each side of him? Lol

He just needs to add to the collection, tigers and bears, oh my!
Majestic beasts
What would have happened if he had faced the other way?
I'm not crying; you are. 
It’s like a little kitty cat
That looked like it was going to end very differently and very badly 
This made me cry
I need this love in my life
Leave animals alone. 
Looking forward to Grizzly Man II: Safari Boogaloo
Big ass kitty to be hugging on
Thats it mane
Awesome 
u/stabbot_crop
That is horrifying. What an absolute cat unit.
Check his drawers. 
They are more social than cats !
[Doby](https://youtu.be/JhyuAeieV4E?t=23)
Damn that requires quite the strength
this man just "took down" a lion....
I will never not upvote big cat - human reunions.
P
Awww just BIG doggos
Who’s holding the camera?
The cajones on this guy... jeez.
I bet that fluff is over 9000
How do you summon that stabbot thing?
jeez. I can barely keep my balance when my German shepherds jump on me. two lions???
