he’s so shiny!
I just recently became a dad.  Do I have to sweep my lawn now or is this a regional thing?
That is what the witch in life number three always used on him. 
I mean, it's a full body brush.  It's like a little kitty car wash.  What's not to love?
r/brushybrushy
Yard broom?
I have one that love to be lint-rolled.
If it's stupid and it works, it isn't stupid. 
One thing people need to realize about cats - they are VERY selective. Every cat is different. It's not unusual for them to hone in on random things and deem that as their "favorite." 

For instance, my cat loves a particular blanket so much that she will follow it to whatever chair I put it on and hang out/nap on it. :P
[deleted]
Can’t seem to get the dirt off this floor boy.
It’s a cat dad.



That is one shiny happy cat

WiTcH bRuTaLiZeS fAmiLiAr WiTh HeR vEhIcLe
Dad’s sandal game is on fire 
Cats are weird, man. 
Ahhh cats. 

Always there to remind us that random useless garbage is more entertaining to them than the stuff we spend lots of money on to entertain them with. 

Is my apartment floor covered with packing paper because I'm a slob, or is it because my cat was more interested in the paper than the cat tree that came in the box with the paper? 
I just watched this 4 times in a row without realizing it annnnnnnnd number 5 let's do this

&#x200B;
He likes it rough, maybe he's one of those cats that like booty slaps.
Black cats man.. I have three. They are a trip 
My mom had a cat that hated brushes of all sorts but she loved to be vaccuumed with the hose attachment. I aint lyin. The cat died many years ago and I always wished I coulda got it on video.
[Rake the cat?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F_JqkY2Pb2o)
i am the cat

who hates the groom

but Loving that - 

the dad's yard broom

my back he brush 

n keep me neat

n'er in a rush

aMazing feat!

my cat frens hate

the brushes, fine

but None are great

as This one - *mine!*




Look at that coat!  He’s a lovely, glossy blue-black color!  
Get those damn pesks out of my fur
Same logic as being indifferent toward the thing you had mail-ordered for your cat but loving the box it came in.
"Enough with these soft cat toys, give me the real deal."  - Cat
For how long has he been doing that? 
That's fucking adorable. What a great cat.
I love the "yes, right on my face" part
That’s a “danger tail” if I’ve ever seen one
I'm totally selling those as cat brushes. billions of dollars. BILLIONS HAHAHA
Cats are just contrarians about things being used for their intended purpose.

Boxes are not for packing and shipping.

Brushes are not for grooming.

Cat beds are not for sleeping.

And this broom is not for sweeping.
My question is how did they work out the cat liked this??????
Your cat is a special cat who wags her tail when she’s happy. 
Maybe you just aren't brushing him aggressively enough.
This is extra special to me because my dad loves his jet black cat in the most precious ways - he uses an unused bbq brush (crazy I know, but the cat loves brushing herself with the damn thing while my dad patiently holds it out for her)


The thing is, my dad is the last person youd think would bond with a cat. My brother sort of dumped her at my parents house and they had no choice but to take her in. She was a bitey, snarly raging bitch of a cat, and my dad is this manly guy who grew up with hunting hounds and always refused to get a cat for us growing up. Now they are like two peas in a pod, hanging out in the yard or the garage together. Mom says she wakes him up at 3am by purring on his pillow and he coos to her. I just cant believe it because he would be so pissed off at the thought of our dog on the beds. 


Sorry had to share. Too damned cute.
I love how hes actually just sweeping the cat. Not even trying to gently brush him with it. 
Look at those happy tail flicks. 
By the way the cats wagging his tail looks like it's about to light that guy up.
Cat likes the hard pets
Just like the witches used to do!
That is the cutest thing i have seen all day. 
Sandals. Shorts. Jacket. 

Dad confirmed. 
Show of hands, who has a “yard broom”?


Sorry to break it to you, but I think he just super loves your dad
Broom the Cat!
LOOKS LIKE IT'S SWEEPIN TIME

GOTTA SWEEP SWEEP SWEEP
The Cats never getting married. 
Don't mind me, just sweepin' my cat.  You know, as you do. 
Cats are weird. I bought mine all sorts of cat beds. An expensive fuzzy one, a cave type one, a strawberry shaped one, a plush one, a round drawstring one. She wouldn't step foot in any of them. Put a garbage bag down on the floor and she's on it! Put a piece of packing paper on it, you know the kind from amazon boxes, she's snoozing like the happiest kitty. So strange!
Ahhhh the keep on going reach.
Cats having a joke too close to Halloween for a  broom thrashing 
Cats are funny like that. Its like they know that all those toys I buy are toys, so they ignore them on purpose but chase after tin foil balls instead. 
That reminds me of my cat. He's very picky about the way he likes to be petted, sometimes he'll tolerate it but other times he'll decide he doesn't like and leave, or turn around and gently bite you. But if you're walking by and use your foot to pet him, he fucking LOVES that. 
My cat used to love being vacuum cleaned and would always get under my feet untill I gave her a good cleaning. 

Such a weird but awesome cat 
Kitty!  What a beautiful coat.  
Whatever works lol
Ah, I see you have a cat of culture as well
Looks and feels like mommy’s pink, bristly tongue 👅 
Every cat brush?   That’s a sweeping statement 
Have you tried a Kong Purple brush! It’s made of silicone and my cats that don’t like wire brushes love it. Buy it cheap on Chewy not in a store.
Probably smells like dead rodents or some smell cats are fond off. Swept up a few pounds of cat nip or something.
The man has dolphin legs, I'm so jealous.
It's like that one cat that loves to be slapped 
He likes it rough
I guess a witch lost her cat
this is cute, a very good post it makes me go like "aww"
Shine like a mofo!!!
Yard broom has all the smells. Take your cat brush and rub it on the lawn.
Boy, your dad has nice legs. Beautiful kitty!
Ah yeah... brush meh moah
I’m going to have to start using my yard brush to brush my hair because that shine is everything.
Imagine what people driving by think 🤣
r/BrushyBrushy 
“Did u rake the cat today” 
r/blackcats 
Meanwhile my cat runs from the broom like it's the reaper and it's got his number.
Is this considered good luck? 
This made me breathe fast through my nostrils 
I almost blew my lunch out my nose because I was not expecting him to be "brushing" him with such vigor. 
Broom the kitty broom the kitty 
You must brush firmly for maximum contentment.
Its at times like these when i wonder how this information was brought to light
That is a manly man’s cat right there.
Dang, your dad is really going at it. The cat must like it rough.
Meanwhile, my cat thinks the broom is death coming for him.
My cat prefers the lint roller for some reason. 
Do I attack? Na feels goods
I think you just gave me a business idea
My cat runs as soon as I take a broom out to sweep. 
Did he just accidentally sweep the cat one day? How do you even find out the cat likes being swept?  
Yup. My cats hate their brushes but just love my big ol paddle brush 
\*brushes face 

Cat: "homan no"

\*continues brushing face

Cat: "homan i sai--- ohhhh yes thats the spot!"
Well doing that means all the loose hair stays out side that's plus. Btw they make silicon gloves that work real well for grooming cats. Cat thinks you just petting it. But you will have a bunch of hair you can easily put in trash
r/brushybrushy
I had a cat that really liked being vacuumed
My cat that I had growing up loved to be broomed as well! Couldn't sweep the floor cause she was always in the way trying to get brushed. Thought she was the only one!
Got to love cats. Just like buying them toys and they love the box it comes in.
As someone who suffers from cat allergies, I approve!
Is it actually getting any hair off of him?
I have one of those bamboo back scratchers, and our cat goes nuts for it. She loves it so much more than any other scratcher we’ve ever got her. 
Cats just live to confuse us. 
My cat will cry if I sweep the house and do not sweep him. 
It probably doesn’t shock him with static.
Cats are so weird.

I love them so much 
The fuck is a yard broom? 

I knew cats were secretly witches in disguise 
Cats are weird. 
*agressive petting*
Sandals. Shorts. Jacket. 

Dad confirmed. 
Maybe you're not brushing the cat aggressively enough. Here, let dad show you how to brush hair. This is why all my girls hate for me to brush their hair. That cat is just a masochist!
All I can think of is how well off do you need to be to own a "yard broom" lol
Ngl this cat made me cry out loud because he so darn cuteee 
bet it's because it's already got it's smell on it so it doesn't recognize it as something foreign or dangerous.
I'm obviously not adulting correctly. I don't have a poop knife OR a yard broom. 
Seems to work far as making the cat’s coat look luxurious too.
His fur looks so smooth and lustrous 😂
Is it me or is that cat huge?
perfect October halloween post. A black cat and a witches broom. 
Who had the idea to sweep the cat in the first place?
That is one shiney cat. MORE BRUSHY.
Shiny Cat
r/thisismylifemeow
That cat appreciates only strength
As the owner of 2 black cats I can confirm that they are the silliest things ever.
I’m just imagining how he found out that the cat likes the broom... he was probably just sweeping the floor one day, saw the cat laying there (in the way most likely), and decided to sweep over him without even thinking twice about it... it’s a cat owner thing.
Ahhhh the keep on going reach.
That is without a doubt the shiniest cat on the block.
Shit white people say. 
As an American. What is a yard broom?
What's a yard broom...
Enjoying this while YouTube is down. Cute cat.
I kinda want a cat now. 
Cat.
Oh that? it's just our neighbor sweeping his cat. 
Honey, did you sweep the cat today?
tf is a yard broom
Yesterday I found out I have Aphantasia and that other people can see actually see pictures in their minds.

Today I find out people have brooms for their yards and use them to brush cats.

The internet will kill me by the end of the week.
Dude's a viking since birth
No rhyme or reason what they will like or hate. And just when you think you know them...you don’t! 
Try it at home with your cat. Go ahead, grab the broom and sweep the cat. I bet your cat will love it. 
My dog hates every dog brush but loves being combed with cheap, plastic forks.
Sweep da kitty 
Sorry Janet I can't make it...I gotta sweep my cat! 
My cat has an irrational fear of brooms. I’ve tried everything to relax him with it and it’s a strict no from him. Same with cat brushes it’s a wrestling match, I’m lucky he’s not the scratching or biting type because he’s long haired not brushing him isn’t an option. 
Man BRUTALLY BEATS CAT WITH brOOM
[deleted]
Da fuqs a yard broom bruh?
Isnt a rake a yard broom
Cats tail tells a different story..it’s one of tolerance or perhaps overstimulation, but not of enjoyment.
yard broom?
Yard broom? 🤔
Broom... black cat...  Your dad is a witch dude, you need to burn your old man. 
Yard broom? Huh?
My neighbors growing up had a leaf rake that they would use to fluff up and rake their shag carpeting.

So a yard broom does not surprise me at all.
I wonder if its a scent issue...
Buy that cat a yard broom!
Why is there a piece of burnt loaf on your lawn?
What the heck is a yard broom?
H he he hey hey man..... Oh nevermind keep going...
Should get him one of those rotating cow brushes https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpjCQD8ynZE 
He likes it rough
just like a cat.
This just proves money doesn’t make you happier, brooms do
That’s awesome! You totally made my day 🙂
We do the same to our cat. She loves it. 
My cat loves this too
My cat loves the de-licing comb. 
What does he think about crustaceans?
The little head taps are the best 
Reddit has taught me that this is some how sexual for the cat. 
https://youtu.be/F_JqkY2Pb2o
IANAC but man, that looks like it feels ecstatic..
Probably because it has a similar texture to a cats tongue. He would probably also enjoy soggy sand paper.
Somehow this is the most Asian thing I've seen all year.
ah hahaha- this is such a cat way of being. 
l a r g e b o i e
they taught us about this in high school, it's called heavy petting
We just gave up with brushes. My cat likes the sweeper  
This is hilarious and adorable! One of my cats hates to be brushed but loves the lint roller! 
Buy a cat deshedding glove! My cat loves it so much he drools and purrs the whole time. It's like he's high.
Look at that tail
Cat likes the hard pets
Cats are so wonderfully weird 
It's Ms Mcgonagall
Because cat!

&#x200B;
Agreed. I love my Edgar, Elizabeth and Penny to death. :)
Must try this
'Yeah human! Rub me' - says the cat in Stewie Griffin's voice. 
The benefit of that broom is the long handle keeping the hooman out of claws reach.  
 [/u/vReddit\_Player\_Bot](https://www.reddit.com/u/vReddit_Player_Bot) 
He a freak 
Hehe! That sweet nugget!
Fuck me like your rug! I mean broom...... me broom me. ......
Cats are weird.  One of ours hates everything but my hairbrush and concrete, another one will take anything
I dunno, that's that tail movement that says "I kinda like this and also kinda want to bite you."
Haaaaaaaa ! Cats !!!! We’ll never figure them out !!!
This cat is both a mad lad and absolute unit.
Your dad has beautiful, clean shaven legs. I’m jealous.
It's like a kitty carwash. Gotta get that extra shine!
Why did I just watch a gif of a cat being brushed with a broom
I’m dying at everybody being confused about a yard broom. #BroomGate2018
Cat like it rough 
I'm CLEAN, dammit.    I"M CLEAN!!!
I can hear the purrs of a satisfaction
Can we forget about the original post and talk about that camera holy shit wow
Weird cat
Why the fuck I cant stop laughing 
He's a humble cat, with Capt. Raymond Holt's gift policy—

Thou shall not buy "cat brushes" for him. If you got a perfectly good broom lying around though—
lol 👈
How did you even find out that he loves the broom haha
Fuck it, try steel wool. That masochistic cat might even be into it.
this IS a thing!
My Ex’s cat loved to be raked. Like with the flimsy plastic rakes. She loved that shit
What a weirdo. Lol
Maybe the thicker, more rigid plastic bristles don't pull his fur as much as the special brushes.
Why would he try the new ones when he already has a favorite? ;)
Mines the same haha
[Makes sense to me](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0GVVjd_exO8)
Yo, it’s not the Broom.  It’s your Dad. He’s a Boss. 
This is some quality /r/brushybrushy content right here
This is why my cat loves to get in all my dust piles 
I had a cat who hated everyone he would not let you brush him, but if you put the brush on the ground he'd brush himself on it. 
Different strokes for different folks 😉
Honey, it’s time to sweep the cat again! 
That is the cutest thing i have seen all day. 
Haha the small brushes for just his head
Black cats are awesome.
Cats is weird.
That guy shiny as FUCK
/r/whatiswrongwithyourcat
In the future make sure as dad ages he doesn't mistakenly grab the yard steel rake! Then again, its possible an aged cat would enjoy such an upgrade. Certainly any dog viewers would appreciate such a video!
Sounds like a perfectly normal asshole cat.
SWEEP ME, PEASANT!
Aside from the head brushes, this belongs on /r/asmr
I would start calling that cat Wilford Broomley.
Who WOULDNT?!?? 
Black cats and brooms. Very seasonal.
Cats are weird.
Omg I love his little paw
It's because you dont have to get to close to use it
You know life has gotten too easy when you’re sweeping the yard. 
Get the glove brush my cat loves it ! 
Yup gotta clean the dirt /s
You a witch??
Those are some fine dad legs right there
Awww...AHHHHHHH
Have you tried the furminator? My cat looooves it
Will you brush me like that too if I come lay on your lawn??? 
jajajajajaja
Ty for idea!
I can't imagine how amazing that would feel. 
cats are weird.
r/brushybrushy
r/brushybrushy
cute cat!
Cats are stupid and I love them. 
So too cute!!
My cat loses his shit when we pet him with a hair brush. 
I mean the broom* looks pretty soft
The cat is just messing with your head, you know.
Cat probably sees this as a giant tongue.
cats_irl
Cats are unique, just like us \^\^
My grandpa had the exact same broom for about 15+ years.
Maybe when he sees you sweep the drive way and then sees a car drive on it he is hoping that if he gets swept he too will get driven on. Domestic cats have evolved to be as suicidal as we are. 
Brushy brushy brushy brushy I love you ^(I'm gonna poop under your bed later) mm brushy brushy
So I need a yard broom and a poop knife. Anything else I should know about?
A man's cat 🙀! 

"Just give me the broom," he purred.
''Tis a very nice yard broom sir 
I thought cars and brooms were natural enemies, like dogs and vacuums
Neighbour runs out on to porch and yells, "STOP BEATING YOUR CAT!!"
Cause dad knows how to stroke... The yard. 
Your cat would probably loooove the Purrfect Arch.
This kills the cat
My cat loves getting brushed. As long as it's their idea!
Cat brushes weren't grand enough. Gotta use both hands wielding the broom! 
or the tongue-on-a-stick as the cat calls it.
r/noisygif r/noisyvideo
I need a cat
Whatever works lol
a known fact that cats don't like cat products
My dogs like this except with a rake. Ha-ha!
cat.exe has stopped working
r/BRUSHYBRUSHY
Dads doing tasks (specially garden ones) on sandals is an all dads' classic. 10/10
Time to take the leaves...and the cat!
Lol
My cat is into paint brushes https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AoRgX1ndlpw
That’s one shiny cat
Seeing this is rather is satisfying. I love to brush as much fur off as possible on my pets.
"Hurry Hard!!!"
Can’t you just get a brush with the same type of soft bristles? Hahaha
Awful rough with the broom, yet the cat is moving the heck out of it.
A yard broom, that's allot of dirt to sweep up. In america we have these things called rakes Next I want to see the side walk broom, the one that sweeps the ⛅ light up. 
I might watch this all night. 
My black cat is the exact same way! He loves to play with my broom
Blase Garrecht
that's one happy cat
He likes it rough 😂
My cat would never come home if I did this shit to him 🙀😹😹😹
r/sweepthedamnkitty
You need to post this in r/brushybrushy
r/BrushyBrushy 
Stupid cats 
How to give your cats flees 101
my hypothesis is the cat has seen him sweep the lawn and has grown envious 
Brooming so hard
He likes his brushing to be efficient & cover a long surface area. Nothing wrong that....
My cats fight over the broom. They like the dirty brissels to scratch their faces but then again they are a bit strange at times
r/gifswithsound
Broom + Black cat =? 
Isn’t that just making him dirtier ? 
Looks and feels like mommy’s pink, bristly tongue 👅 
You knew you were gonna post on reddit hence no face right???
Absolutely adorable.  Now buy a Roomba floor or carpet cleaner and see if he will enjoy riding it!
This should be on brushy brushy thread 
Yard broom? You sweep your grass?
As a dad wtf is a yard broom?
Does he just like it a little rough?
the best rubs are hard rubs
God I wish that was me
The neighbors must be looking over and just thinking wtf!
Also on the “what the hell is a yard broom” train. 
The brushes make the kitty feel pretty, but the broom makes him feel macho. 
TIL people sweep their lawns
My pet rules my household too. I've accepted my place. 
Excuse me while I sweep my cat
That cat's like, "why you brushing me so hard tho?"
How did you realise this was a thing ? 
Tail is twitching... I think he's unsure of how much he loves that.
dirty cat
Hahahaha what a weirdo
Lmao
such a shiny kitty!

&#x200B;
u/spamjunkie9697
No, he loves your dad
That coat is shiney. Very healthy!
r/brushybrushy
I can't believe this has to be stated almost weekly, but your cat likes it because your dad brushes all the way to the base of the tail where cats are sexually stimulated.
This is... tolerable.
I vacuum my cat when she's moulting. She's surprisingly ok with it. 
Lol
Yard...broom? Is that kinda like a poop knife?
Wtf is a yard broom though???
Why the heck does like every post have gold now? And there’s two new symbols? 
Must've been a witch's kitty in a former life! Haha, what an oddball. 

How'd you figure this out to begin with??!
Is he masochistic or algolagnic ?
I have always been about petting cats like dogs.  Freaks most of them out, but the ones that enjoy it never forget. 
So this is the start of the, Local Broomers?
Woah
Cats are so special. 
Cute
P.S : don't try this on your cat, doesn't work on all of them. I've learned the hard way... 
I had one of those. The vacuum worked even better. Big black boy kitty. 💕😍
Hmm... maybe this could solve shedding problems. 🤔😸
Funny. Most cats love to get brushed because it feels like scritches.
He likes it rough (ruff). 
Yes, good. 
May cat is terrified of a broom. But absolutely loves to be brushed. Cats are funny. 
my cat does that too!!!
Look at that tail go! That’s one fricking happy cat. 
Aw yisss
Haha, reminds me of my kitty. She looooves to sit on the heat registers in winter and blow hot air up her bum lol, cats are weird. 
maybe he just hates you. not hating, just look into it is all im saying.
Yard Broom??? WTF ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
I should try this with my dog
Cats are unique. I can only pet mine with my feet. He runs away if I do it with my hands
r/noisygifs
!redditsilver
My cat would beat my ass if I did that to him.
This must be the real reason witches have brooms
This is the quality content I signed up for 
that cat does not settle

only the finest broom in all the land will suffice
This makes me so happy for some reason. 
Funniest thing I’ve seen all day! 😂
Most of my cats we can get out from under the bed with a broom when we need to take them to the vet. They are scared of the broom. Except for one - she thinks the broom is a toy, and that we're playing with her.
Brushie brushie brushie
Just like the witches used to do!
Maaan these cats won't play with toys or sleep in beds we buy for them and now it's the brush! On the other hand my cat absolutely hates being brushed, and he might have wanted this treatment all along.
Judging from those slippers and his familiarity with a broom.... I'm guessing your dad is asian, isn't he?
thats the cats reward for being the best mole killer in town for their dad. i have a big black cat just like this named bubby, my dad loved him for that and just recently got a cat to take his place since i moved out. now bubby doesnt get to go outside from his downtown apartment where his sister muffins is really little and annoying him all day. sorry guy, im working 60 hours this week and 80 next week to get us a mortgage.
The scion of a witches cat.
My mom's cat is deaf and loves to be vacuumed.
My old cat like to be vacuumed using the hose attachment. 
stahhppp .... hooman ... no ... don't brush me .... ohh ... right there .... you hit the jackpot ..... don't stop now, hooman.
So we’re all just gonna skip right over this “yard broom” thing, huh?
This is the best 
TIL yard broom. 
That is not a gentle sweep...
w
This cat has an attitude
I AM THE LAWN! 

&#x200B;
Adorable 
Cats having a joke too close to Halloween for a  broom thrashing 
I mean, if you brush him anything like how you sweep him no wonder he hates it.
Of course he does. Because...cats. 
Cats are weirdos
Why do cats have a natural hatred for brooms? 
Aliens, all of them 
So shiny!
Why so many people weireded out by yard broom... A broom being used to clean up the yard, doesn't that sound really natural?
That 60FPS cuteness <3
Of course he likes it.  It smells like the yard.
I can see this being confusing to the random person walking past on the street.

&#x200B;
I wonder how it started.
If you're talking about the metal wire brushes, try natural fiber/boars hair brushes for people. My cats won't have anything else and one cat will TAKE YOU DOWN if he sees you pick it up, but will actively avoid you if you have one of the "pet brushes" in your hand.
Frugal cat ;)
What's a yard broom? 
That's a well-broomed cat.
My cat hates to be brushed,  I should try that.
OwNEr bRuTaLLy bEAtS CAt wITh BrOoM
She likes more rough.
Get out of here cat! Shew shew cat.
how the fuck did you discover this
Get your cat a horse brush! They have similar long plastic bristles. Personally from the looks of it, he would like the feeling of a ‘flick’ brush :) you can find them on amazon searching ‘Horse flick brush’

Basically, we horse people sweep our large beasts.
That makes me think of [this](https://imgur.com/gallery/PAK3nbw) 
is there already a r/imctaoai ...ismycattheassholeormai ...I don't see 1 yet
WTF is a yard broom?
Is a yard broom anything like a poop knife? Who all has one? Should I? Am I missing out?
Are you sure he loves it? The way he twitches his tail leads me to believe otherwise. Typically cats do this when they're annoyed. It's common to see this tail swishing right before a warning bite. 
What's a Yard Broom?
Keep your cat inside or don’t have one.
[deleted]
Looks like you're being a bit rough there
I don’t think it’s about the broom... it’s about your dad... 
Get. That. Booty!
Fucking cats man 
Yard broom?
What’s a yard broom?
Do you keep your yard broom next to your poop knife? 
You never get low battery if you're lonely.
this is why democracy is shit.
Some pussys like it rough
Am I whooshing or can you really not see that the cat obviously fucking hates it? 
It is so cute how this cat probably gets jabbed in the eye while making this video. I'm sure it's not the first time this cat was brushed like this and if he didn't get a bristle in the eye this time what about the other times?  If you must use the broom on the cat can you just not include the head. Just a bad idea but idiots will be idiots.
Funny🤣

His tail indicates otherwise...
Please do not do that to cats that makes me sad when people do that to there pets. 
The fuck is a yard broom? 
/u/shotoniphone69 
TF is a yard broom? You mean a rake?
