I would watch a live feed of this
For a brief moment I thought the cat was riding on the roof of a vehicle.

Your window is very clean!!
I just posted his living area . It’s a unused top bunk. We’re OTR drivers, and most truckers have dogs. We find cats are less work, and great traveling companions. We find the Snowshoe Cat breed loves traveling, water, and walk on leashes well.
Reminds me of a story I read once about a trucker who’s cat went missing during a fuel stop. He looked and looked but eventually had to get back on the road without the cat much to his despair. He arrived at his delivery and while unloading was shocked to hear some sounds from the underneath his truck. Turns out his cat had stowed away under one of his tires or something like that. The cat was covered in grease and debris but was otherwise unhurt. Anyway cute video OP
Are you an OTR truck driver? That’s neat that you have a pet. Do other people that drive keep pets? Where’s the litter box? Oh man I have so many questions. Thanks for pulling the things we need where we need them. 
My cat has a much different approach to this situation! 
I15 just south of Nephi . Your looking at Mt Nebo
I thought it was a motorcycle at first....that would be crazy. Probably impossible to do.
If you’ve passed this guy on the highway and taut Utah a puddy tat, then you did, you did taw a puddy tat. 
I wish I was that cat!
So cool. Does the car mostly sleep while you’re driving? Wander the cab? Bother you?
I'm loving the adventures of Maverick the trucker cat! Keep em coming! 😻
i am the cat

this how i ride

love to travel

countryside

am chauffeured by

my trucker fren

he drives the roads

from end to end

there's nowhere else

i'd rather be

my tail, it keeps

me company

don't need no house -

i'd rather roam

this truck fren, here

*He* is my HOME




So the cat poops outside? Not inside?
I am happy that different cats enjoy different things. My kitty would be scared senseless and literally climbing the walls of the cab. This cats seems to be happy, which makes me happy.
Omg what an adorable little wiggle butt!
Is that I-15?
That is one happy, lucky cat!
Where do I sign up to be that cat?
Dude for sec thought she was ridin between motorcycle handle bars but still a down ass puss nice work 🔥
My cats throw up and shit on themselves when they’re in the car..... I’ll trade you 
What did the midget say to the giant?
"Wow, Utah"
Pls... No accident. Be safe for kitty. 
This is the Truck Simulator we wanted, but didn't know we wanted. 
😍
So what happens during his late night energy spike? Does he ever just bound around the cab? Or is he typically pretty chill?
Dude, that is one seriously cute cat
Aww so adorable! Thanks for sharing with us! 
Fellow utahn here! Hello frin me as well!
Now I want to be a trucker so I can have a truck cat...
How many cats do you have? Looking through your posts I see you have (had?) other trucker cats.
I’d kill to be a cat living in a truck 
It took me a solid minute to figure out what was going on here. I was super impressed because I thought this cat’s bed was OUTSIDE the vehicle. I will now go drink more caffeine. 
Thanks for sharing
Cats are wonderful traveling companions. My husband is an OTR driver, and we lived in his semi with our cat for 3 years. One of her favorite things was to try and catch the wipers or the water droplets on the windows when it rained. Now that we have an apartment, she just constantly sits in the living room window.
This cats life is significantly better than mine. Why can’t I be a cat, life is too stressful as a human. 
Been a while since I've done any sort of country driving. I'm always fascinated with how no matter how long you drive for, the mountains seem so far
How many cats do you have? Are they all with you at the same time? I saw other cats on your profile 
One day I hope to buy my cat a truck.
I-15 northbound just south of Nephi. That stretch between Scipio and Beaver is so vast and beautiful!
[removed]
He seems to really enjoy looking out the windows.  I'm glad you're able to have a friend along for the ride with you.
ooohh post/cross post this to r/catcozyplaces!
I feel like it'd fit. 💜
[deleted]
It’s like he doesn’t know what to do with himself. He’s comfy, oh so comfy. He’s being bounced around like a baby in a bassinet. He’s playful. 

Should I relax? Should I play? Should I bathe? 


A blanket, a window, AND a rumble seat? Cat heaven! Just add a little cardboard!
All I need is 18 wheels, the open road, and my cat.
Ohhhhh!! This needs a webcam, so I can log on and watch the scenery with this  travel cat!!!
This cat needs his own Travel Channel!!! 
I would subscribe to a live feed of that. I work in a call center and I found it solo relaxing and in bonus I see outside where I never been before.
CUTE
Never fails to amaze me that it is apparently legal to have animals just free in vehicles in America. 

The cat is gorgeous by the way, and that journey looks incredibly calming!
A cloudy day in Utah looks very beautiful. Is it cloudy often?
Thank you for taking good care of a cat!!! 
That cat’s sensory output is trippin out.
I would watch hours of a live stream of exactly this
For an astounding, terrifying 5-10 seconds, I saw this as a basket sitting on the handlebars of a motorcycle ...
I need a live feed of this cat 24/7. You know. For health reasons. 
Thanks /r/Warframe 
ARE YOU KITTEN ME? 
This is awesome! Such a good kitty. I’ve tried to have my cat out of a carrier in my car but the first thing she does is hide under the pedals. Not ideal for driving. 
*From the makers of [trunk monkey](https://youtu.be/Rx6WB5YJia8) we now give you truck cat! Truck Cat the navigation system of the future! *




Kitty has a Hitler stash 🙀
No traffic jams 
More like "Good Morning from Ut-awww"
Thanks for driving down the right lane. Seriously. 
Do you have an Instagram for him? I’d follow it!
What's his name? 

I've already mentally named him Barnaby.
If you want to see how [crazy the views are driving through Utah](https://youtu.be/3370f2-RYnQ), check out this video driving to Vegas during the giant rainstorms that caused the Southwest Bloom a couple years ago.
I wonder if a cat would enjoy spending enormous amounts of time in a semi cab?
Holy trust. You must make up for their lack of familiar territory in love. What a special kitty. 
So cute. Can you get fined for this?
I would watch this forever. Does anyone else find this calming?
I thought Bubbles didn't pass his CDL test.
I could watch this all day 
Look at them /r/curledfeetsies.
i’ve never wished to be an animal but i really wouldn’t mind having this cats life 
What are the steps I need to follow to quit my boring IT-office drone life here in Germany and become a trucker with a cat in a cool landscape?! 

&#x200B;

In all seriouesness, that kitty is amazing.
If euro truck simulator vr gets a pet cat dlc, it's getting my money immediately.
This I know is going to be an unpopular opinion, but I feel this could be a safety issue.  I'm sure this cat is awesome and all, but I just worry that it would get up, rub up on the driver and could potentially cause an accident.  On the other had a complete lack of companionship could be equally dangerous.  I don't know why this stood out. 
So what happens during his late night energy spike? Does he ever just bound around the cab? Or is he typically pretty chill?
This is so relaxing to watch. Nice!
A friend of mine hauls horses for a living. She has a cat that rides with her as well. Coolest cats ever LOL!
Utahn right here

Love the cat, my cats would try to kill me if I tried driving with em
That is the most chill cat ever.  
This is incredibly relaxing to watch, your kitty is very adorable <3
What a life
So cute!
Man I can only imagine the smell when that little dude drops a bomb in that confined space. 
Desert Bus 3 looks promising
How long did ur cat take to get used to driving? Or did he grow up on the bus.
The toe curler. 👀😁😂

Now I personally like dogs better but this cats toes are a precious piece of art that certainly bring out the cuteness of this magnificent creature. 
I don't think I've ever seen a cat so comfortable in the car - especially while evidently on a long road trip on what looks to be a somewhat rough road.
Worth watching the whole minute 
Truck kitties are the best!!! Mine loves when birds land on the hood and grill to get the bug buffett :)
Love this so much
This is so cute it's stupid, what a cutie 
Dude, that is one happy fucking cat! I’m jelly 😔
...utawwww
Love this so much
That's one lucky cat. All they do is look out windows.
What kind of vehicle is this though? Thought it was a motorbike at first.
Utah wishes you a good morning as well. Enjoy some of the most asshole clenching canyon driving ever, but there's good news. It's mostly all accompanied by beautiful scenery and horizons that will make you hate going out East.
My snowshoe siamese can fetch basically anything I throw for him. Very impressive skill when we have guests over. He also enjoys greeting guests by divebombing them from on top of the refrigerator when they walk through my kitchen.
Sweet looking Kitty. I might suggest putting some sort of netting or barrier that he can still see through around his bed. That way if you got into an accident he won't be smashed against the windshield. 
We were just traveling through Utah with our teenagers throughout the night. Trust me, they were not nearly as cute nor fun.
That's really soothing tbh.
I guess someone is already living my dream :)
More like “Utaww.”
More like Utaww!
*Must clean that ONE spot 100X before I'm done!* Adorable OP. Looks like a cat with a very busy day ahead.
r/CozyPlaces 
This cat must be on lots of drugs. My cat bounces off every square inch of the car in a screeching panic, leaving the car interior absolutely covered in hair. That's before the car is even started.
Is there a one-hour version of this? I'd like to watch this when I can't fall asleep.
If anyone happens to see my message, and know what kinda cat that is. I'd appreciate it. ❤️
With as much as that truck shakes around he/she should hang a cat toy from the ceiling of the cab right above the cat's bed.
Cat person or not, better than pretending you're hanging out with a podcast host and co hosts all day on the road lol.  
Morning!
big rig kitty 😻
I saw this in daily dose of internet, is it the same cat?
Snowshoe on the move
Truly beautiful info op.  Thank you!  Your cat is precious!
Looks like my cat lol😂
Looks exactly like my cat.
I would so get distracted by trying to pet that tum and end up wrecking.
What's the opposite of this? Because that's what my cat would be doing. There would at least be my blood in the shot.
Utaww <3
That cat has a cozy bed and an ever changing view. :)
I wish my cat was this calm in the car. She freaks out in her carrier for a five minute car ride.
Can you be a trucker if you have lower back issues? I assume its a bad idea.
That looks so cozy
This version of MeatEater is a little closer to my speed 
Meow meow meow, yes I speak cat.
Uncle Traveling Cat
awww
I’m a local driver now but I sure have my days where I really miss the long hauls. 
As adorable as this is, I'd never take a cat on a trip anywhere unnecessary because I'd be terrified I'd crash and hurt them.
Awww ramblin’ keedy
I gotta say, Utah is my all time favorite place to drive through. Even when I stopped to get gas or food, the people were so nice. I live in Maryland so nice people are hard to come by. 
I have always had the weird urge to just drop everything and travel across the country. Also with a companion like a cat or even a small dog.
I am surprised there is not a sub already for r/truckcats
r/catcozyplaces
I'm sad I will never be this cozy. Also that's the most Utah looking road ever. 
I’m a stagehand and constantly meet new truckers that show up gig to gig. It’s amazing how cats and dogs can change how happy these guys are. Plus it’s always nice to show up to work and see a new puppo or kitter 
trucker cat? 
This reminds me of a cat I had who actually liked car rides. He'd complain endlessly if you were rude enough to stick him in a carrier. But if he was allowed to sleep on that shelf between the rear seats and the window? Bliss.

Sadly, he spent a lot of time in a carrier anyway because it wasn't safe. :(
Oh woah, your cat seems very chill about the driving. My cat thinks we're trying to kill her if we take her in the car
Wonder how they got the cat to be so well trained for travel, guess its something they just had to keep working on like just going on a road trip when it was young so it was normal for it. Ive moved like 2 times to a different state and so had all my animals(dog,cat, chinchilla, snake) in the cars we drove to our new place and i was just scared that along the way there that if one were to accidentally got out and we lose em in a state we and they don't know along the way to our final destination. 
The only way to travel.
Just one happy cat. 
So cute!
Soooo beautiful 
r/cuddleroll
This is the DLC we need for Desert Bus.
All I can think of is that song, “country roads” by John Denver. 
Too cool. Love dogs but cats are indeed far less fuss! 
I wish my cats like riding in the car that much 😫 one of them always gets carsick and throws up in his kennel and I feel so guilty any time I have to take him to and from the vet
Hitler Raccoon Cat. 
I hate to ask, but what happened to peanut?
Poor quality road...
Awwwww
Almost had a heart attack when I thought the kitty was in a motorbike cart, but no, the kitty is safe and sound inside the vehicle. My heart does not die today!
Truck Simulator needs cat DLC!
Lucky cat!
You are blessed. ❤️
If I believed in reincarnation, this would be my goal in (future) life. 
Agree with above. Live feed!!! 
Now THAT'S amazing!! Rock on!!! 😉
I'm a dispatcher and one of my drivers also takes his cats on the road. I think it's super sweet.
[deleted]
Another trucker cat!

I had a baby kitty when I was OTR years ago. Little stray I found in Compton at the Tamko shingles factory. She was with me a for a while before we decided to hunker down in my hometown after getting our fill of the country. :D
I don’t know what is happening here. Is  CG ? Flying carpet from Disney Pixar ?
toe beans 
How is the windshield not filled with cat nose imprints
Utaww 
No Better Place to wake up
I-15 northbound just south of Nephi. That stretch between Scipio and Beaver is so vast and beautiful!
I want to be that cat. Lucky bastard 
Oh man, panic attack relief video right here
This should be a live streaming channel. I’m hooked. 
I’m obsessed. Show me more!
I know this section of road far too well. 
I HAVE BEEN EVERYWHERE MAN I CROSS THE DESERT BARE MAN-CAT
That cat is living the life ... 
"Nothing bad ever happens in Utah!"
#Praise be to the newest Champion of Reddit, u/Calirose65!

[Let us not forget the Champions of yore...](https://www.reddit.com/r/ChampionsOfReddit/)
Hello there r/Warframe
I hate that drive.  Would be better with a seat like that though!
I've driven that road too many times to count
OMG.  I love your posts.
I don't know what you're driving (I assume it's a semi), where your destination is, or why you're driving, but this looks cozy as hell, and I'm insanely jealous.  I can just imagine driving all day long, hopping into bed at night and cuddling with this cozy critter, and waking up with an incredible sunrise shining through the windshield as I overlook some kickass view.  May your journeys be merry, and your kitty always be happy.
What a mighty fine cat
For a sec I thought the cat was on a blanket between someone's legs and that that someone was... umm... flicking it under the blanket
God, I love all that vastness of nothing. The cat is a bonus. 
How do you train the cat to go for a toilet break on demand? [serious]
I thought this was a cat on a hammock btwn motorcycle handles!!!! 
Roads don't get any better than Utah.
Literally the most relaxing thing I've seen this week
This is a government mind control experiment, isn't it?   I'm ok with dedicating my life to it, either way.
I wish I had a car cat.  
all i can think of is what would happen to this poor cat if you got in an accident 
Incoming hater comments about not having your pet secured in the car.... 
Why did it look like the road was moving when I first looked at this? 
Good morning from mars
This is very heartwarming. Thank you OP.
Good morning also from Utah
Living the life of Reilly! 🤗
Hello Ut-awww
Former UT resident.

Which highway is that?

Looks like the speed trap south of Nephi, or another speed trap near Beaver.

Both have a curve that makes this look like northbound I-15.
Adorable. Just an FYI for your cats safety, they make things [like this](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71y7v-t5gNL._SX425_.jpg) which has a leash connected to the bed/crate that'll attach to his harness. Or something like [this](https://shop-cdn-m.shpp.ext.zooplus.io/bilder/trixie/cat/car/harness/0/400/66077_pla__trixie_autogeschirr_fg_22_0.jpg) if you wanna be more minimal.
I just looked at all your posts and let me just say: you’re living the dream. Your kitties are so stinking cute!!!!!!!!
This looks so comfortable
I want to be reincarnated as OP's next trucker cat.

Looks comfy!
Meow meow fuzzywhiskers! 
I could not resist that loving invitation! I have a young playful kitten so I don't get as much love as I need yet lol
Almost to Nephi I see!
Cats Conscious “really My destiny is to stay hunkered down in this truck to provide my human companion company!?”

Cat “Best life ever, what needs done today? Oh yes my 11am nap”
That’s so cute! U have a pretty cat! 
So do truck cats go in a strategically 0laced litter box while the truck is moving and bouncing around or do they typically try to hold it until a rest stop.
Can someone tell me what the coloration of this cat is called?
Just waiting for this to stream on Twitch...
I want to be that cat. 
how cute!!! good morning......
Ooohhhh I love this 
So I googled OTR Truck drive, what other option is there to driving a truck if it’s not on a road? Lol
My mom is a long haul flatbed driver and her two dogs prefer to sleep on the dash as well. 
This is the sort of length all cat vids should be. Like, as long as possible.
How did this feline get a licence 
Utaww 
A couple of the drivers on the tour I’m on have dogs. One of them has a massive German shepherd. I can’t imagine a dog gets enough exercise living in a semi. Cats a small enough they can roam around the truck and play in the bunk to get exercise. 
Tell maverick I love him and would die for him.
My cat gets freaked in cars. Always makes me feel terrible if I need to take him to the vet. 
Good morning from borrowed land!
Took a trip out there a few weeks ago, beautiful place! 
So cute! looks like he's lovin life :) <3
Looks like you’re nearly to Nephi. I love Utah. Beautiful country. 
Real question how often does the cat go to the bathroom and where? 
Wish my cat was like this, everytime we take him to my sisters when we go on holiday he shits and then lays on his shit, one time he peed on me.
I could travel the world carefree if I had a cat companion the entire time 
Hey! How did my Sesame end up in Utah?! 😻😉🤣
Wish I was this cat.
Windshield is so clean i thought u were on a bike until i saw the reflection in the rearview mirror lol
What the hell kind of road is that? I grew up in what many people call a third world country and I'm still stunned by how bad that is.

Cute cat, at least it gets a free swing :) 
10/10 would watch this as a Twitch stream.
I wish my cat reacted that way to car rides. Instead, I have to let her roam the car and clean up the throw up later. If I put her in a carrier, she will harm herself trying to escape - she ripped a nail out last time.  I try to get everything done at once at the vet visit so she only suffers once a year. The meds the vet gave us to try didn't work unfortunately.
Nice try, but you can't bait me from that view in the distance. Take me with you!
Why cant my cat be like this, mines a lazy fuck

I recognize that stretch of road! Are you heading north bound by chance?
Rub that belly damnit!
Top 10 reasons I got in an accident:

1) My cat was being super adorable and distracted me

2-8) See #1

9) The weather

10) The other driver
WATCH THE ROAD!!!! xD
Mewtah?
Roadcat 
Fun fact: cats also do incredibly well as merchant marine, or sailing companions. 
Utawww
Good morning 
This is the best commercial for CDL school I've ever seen, also googling how to become a trucker lol
This should be on r/bettereveryloop
Crazy! I know exactly where you are in this. 
Rub his tummy!!
Car cats are best cats.
Is this a car? 
I love this so much. I want to be a cat, on a blanket, in a truck,  having someone drive me through the countryside while I play with my tail. He seems so content!
I want a cat now.
Looks like the drive north up towards Mount Nebo
Cute 
This is awesome! Such a good kitty. I’ve tried to have my cat out of a carrier in my car but the first thing she does is hide under the pedals. Not ideal for driving. 
good morning to you too! :)
This cat is really amazing! 

Our son located a home visit Vet to keep pets out of his car.  What a great thing!  I hope that catches on.

The battles I suffered through the years getting pets to the offices!

&#x200B;

None of our pets traveled very well, and certainly none of the cats.
Please put on some Neil Young, Long May You Run.
I live there!
I just imagine this song playing 

https://youtu.be/ov4epAJRPMw
My heart is melting! What a cutie <3
Made that trip earlier this year. Moved from Houston, Texas to Seattle, Washington and drove the whole way. To our surprise, it wasn’t Colorado, but Utah where the scenery was the most impressive. So many different types of terrain and elevation, then vast stretches of flat desert. Fascinating.
Can/would you tell me your camera setup and how’s it mounted? I need a cheap, high quality dash cam or at least a smart, good value one because there are so many bad drivers here in California.
spanktovision
This is 1-15 northbound, south of Nephi, right around Levan. [Here](https://www.google.com/maps/@39.569233,-111.937422,3a,83.6y,29.54h,77.69t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1s5uNKnW5bHTkDXcs6SgBPIg!2e0!7i13312!8i6656) is a Google Streetview frame corresponding to \~0:20 in the video.
Looks exactly like my cat that passed away last November. Also a snow shoes, same black nose, same mannerisms... brought back some memories. But he would flip out in sheer terror if he was ever in a moving vehicle! lol
Look out for the tumbleweeds!
Kitty has Chaplin moustache.  
I guess having a pet companion makes journeys a lot more pleasant.
Thats so mesmerizing to watch
Thats so mesmerizing to watch
We gotta get that bed on a gyroscope contraption for maximum comfort!
Oh my god that's just made my day.. too frikkin adorable!
I want to be your cat. lol
Living the dream! 
I love cats.
I have that exact blanket
Thats life.
Must be AWFUL in that truck when he drops a bomb. 
I was like “I recognize those mountains”.
Excuse me sir/ma’am, where may I apply for the job of being your cat?

Thank you.


What part of Utah is that?
I didn't realize until this very moment that I want to travel cross country with my cat. 
Where is peanut and cricket?
Morning, Driver! Be safe out there! Rubber side down :)
Test
We have to take the family cat 1300 miles in a car soon, I wish he was as chill. He's very nervous and freaks out at the smallest thing. At the same time, he's curious about cars. Cats are complicated. I wonder if we have to sedate him and if vets'll give you it. 
That cat looks so happy and content with his life.. I’ve never been so envious of a cat...
"On the road again, just can't wait to get on the road again..."
How's it feel to have the life
Aww, kitty looks so happy and relaxed
Looks so comfy and chill. I love sleeping in the car.
I’d totally watch a YouTube channel dedicated to this.
This is highly adorable!
Very long gif. Very pleased
This could be a Livestream in YouTube and I bet you'd get subs! 
We traveled with our cat in our 18 wheeler for 6&1/2 years!!! He passed from CHF 2 years ago.. I still miss him soooooo!!!
This should be one of those 24hr live cams. Only not 24 hr because the driver has to sleep.
Please make a youtube channel
Are you in Utah or is that your cat's name?
I'd sleep like a baby right there.  
Cool 
How is this entire thing a GIF? How do you make such high quality GIF that lasts so long?
We have the same blanket and our cat loves it
Ah that reminds me of taking the 84 down into Utah from Idaho. It's absolutely gorgeous out there when it snows. Only thing that would have made the drive better was a kitty companion!
That cat is so relaxed
I traveled half-way across the country for a funeral in the summer (Ontario - New Burnswick, 16 hours to and from) with a 9 month old Cocker spaniel. And out of those 16 hours, I think he slept for about 3. He seemed to be so interested in all of the space around him. Man did he sleep like a rock when we arrived.
He's got a wittle Hitler stash!
looks like the best seat!!
Why was that so calming?
How long did it take for you cat to adapt, did he/she like it right away or did it take a bit? 
It's got to be distracting watching that cutie.  Stay safe.  
Maverick is absolutely adorable!! And I love his set up! But no joke, I could watch you drive for hours
I‘d love to be that cat
Omg this is the SWEETEST THING EVER 
Love our Mountains here! And yes I said Mountains without pronouncing the " T " in Mountain ;)
It's funny how "Utah" means "Cat" in the Arabic Egyptian dialect :) 
So cozy!
Wow, you must know your cat.
Wheres the litter box and dishes? 
Is there a mirror? I would like to share this but I can't do it cuz it's reddits video 
I bet you could put together a good highlight reel of quick stops and such, not too mean but ya :)
 A truck driver with a little cat companion? In another life I'd totally do this :)
Hello sir, I would like to sub to your twitch feed plz
Yall wouldn't be heading to Hill would ya?
r/catcozyplaces
Oh.. my soul😍
What happens when the cat needs to relieve itself?
Are those the mountains you can see from Moab?
Dinner's at 5:30. 
Can I be that cat pls
For a moment i thought i saw one flying raccoon lickin its balls. Had to watch it 4 times to finally see the cat on a bike. Dude, i think my weed is from outer-space..
As someone who lives in India, I envy that traffic.
Are you guys going home, along a country road?
GOOD MORNING
 CUTE kitty!
Wish my cat was that calm during car rides...but she pisses on her blanket instead
This looks like the I-15 near Brigham City and Tremonton
Had two Siamese brothers (same litter), one looked full blooded Siamese while other looked like a Snowshoe, and they did both act differently, just thought the Snowshoe was kinda crazy.
!redditsilver
r/cozy
I thought this was a plane taking off for a good 30 seconds.
What a fucking life being a cat
Looks so dang comfy!
And for 1:01, nothing was wrong in the world. So precious. 
I am so fucking jealous of that cat. 
I'm surprised they don't get carsick!
Is he jerking off? 
I could have watched this for an hour.
I dream of the days where I will be as comfortable as this cat 
If you hit a bump, you've got a catapult. 
He’s doing so well. Good job!
Ha, that's awesome
what a lucky cat!
Truck it.

Don't track it.

(Cute kitty there)
Do you have an Instagram?
that looks like the drive on 80 headed to SLC from wendover just before the Grantsville/Toole valley... past that is SLC Valley and the heartland... how close/far-off am i?
Is that St.George, looks very familiar, only been there once but the experience was very aesthetic... It was 4 years ago
Now 
Funny name for a cat, Utah.
No bady cares about utah
I traveled cross country with my cat three times. (Transfers for work.) My cat spent the whole time in total terror. Poor Kitty. 
Im in St George right now. Man, Utah is beautiful
I-15 north bound... respect!
What a beautiful kitty aww 
Komfy Kitler
Looks cosy.
Oh my god.. 
Good afternoon from northern utah
Awww how cute! 
Utah was such a beautiful state to drive thru from South to North. Huge Mts, plateaus and ridges would appear in the distance, then you slowly crawled toward them along the highway and appreciated the beauty. Once you passed one set of natural beauty another would appear on the horizon and the hours on the road flew by. 
How do you not pet that belly?!
Utah is disgusting, hate living here 
Very catty indeed.
So cute 
TFW no car kitty.
What a fun little furball!
Man, that stretch to Nephi is killer-boring.
I have that same blanket! My two pups claimed it as theirs too, haha.
For some reason I thought he was on a bike
I was enjoying just watching the "thumbnail" for a few seconds, then though, "Oh, shit," and quick looked to make sure it wasn't from r/Unexpected or r/WTF.
As awesome as this is I could not have a cat like this in my car. I wouldn't keep my eyes of the cat and crash within minutes. :)
How sweet!
All the company I could ever ask for.
Can somebody explain what the little things next to the users name are?
That is one happy cat! 
I'm 15 thousand kilometers away and yet here I am, watching your cat being adorable. What a time to be alive. 
A great travel buddy!
You need to make a LoFi mix to this clip it would be amazing
What a awesome life this cat leads .. so cute😃🤗
WELL HELLO, TREASURE!
My parents live in Mona. Honk when you pass for me! 😁
Hi Maverick! :D
This is bliss
I need this in my life. I could watch this for hours.
Welcome!
I want this as a gif background
Is that a trucker cat??
CUTE
I want to be a trucker now
I want a life like that cat 
r/cozyplaces
This is just outside Nephi, isn't it?
Eastbound 80 just before delle?
That kitty looks so happy.. keep up the good work pal!
I wish I was this cat...
Sweet baby Snowshoe!  Right? 
/r/truckers
I 80?
*From the makers of [trunk monkey](https://youtu.be/Rx6WB5YJia8) we now give you truck cat! Truck Cat the navigation system of the future! *




I would love this on a stream.
Morning
Makes me reconsider OTR trucking!  What a sweetie
Can someone edit this and add this song? 
[Death Proof Theme ](https://youtu.be/m6Hn74KEBJU)
Then it would be perfect! 
Quality content 10/10 would watch a million times 
that damn cat is living his best life aint he

&#x200B;
I-15 North Bound just outside of Nephi?
How on earth do you concentrate on the road with that ball of cuteness in front of it?
What a crap road.
I want this cat's life damn it 
Don’t scare it
Poor cat... for real cat lovers: give them space to walk around 
I'd be too afraid that the cat would run out the door whenever I opened it.
Why can't I be that cat? 
I was hoping for a mountain lion, but that’s okay.
way cool.
if you and kitty are ever up pullman, wa. way,
stop in for a bowl of milk or something...
\>hello from Utah

Utah, strange choice for a pet's name tbh. Does it raise the ears when you call it?
Cats are made of noodles.  Such stretchy.
This is amazing! I wish my car was that easy to travel with but she hates being in a car and starts crying. However, she did well when I brought her home from the Middle East on a long haul flight.
Isn't it dangeeous for the cat to have no protection. 
Was expecting a Russian to jump in front of the car.
Vo bist Oo-tah anyvay?
What part of Utah?
Cats are so cute when they are bored!
Rt 80?
Is that Mnt. Loafer in the background? If so, I live a few miles from that
Utah is prety fucking breathtaking, where are you at here? i went to visit out there and drove up to Boise for a concert and that area looks similar to the scenery on that trip to idaho. Anyways awesome cat bro.
Looks like the Idaho/Utah border on I-15
Ur

After Tremonton headed toward Idaho? 
Comfy Kitty!
Don't be Mormon.
Is Peanut still trucking with you too? 
Just chillin!! 
Hope SCS Make DLC for ATS and ETS2 where you can get cat front of your window 
How do I keep a kitty while i'm trucking? He looks sooo comfortable. Do you have to walk him?
I-15 by  Nephi 
Now this.. this is beautiful.
15 fwy??
This is great i wish my cat luved car rides like this one does great video thanks
I wish you the best of luck. May you never crash and your cat never dies to ragdoll physics.
Do a stream
I just want to say, that window is very clean and I was worried the cat would fall out during the first few seconds.
I knew it was utah!! I know my home state!!!
Why was I hoping the cat would jump out or hit the window? 
The Internet has ruined my soul.
Cats are just the cutest animal on earth. Better than sloppy dribbling dogs 
Dude, if you do an emergency break your cat is dead, don't do this!
Am i the only one who worries about animals in cars that aren't restrained? I mean, my girlfriend owns a Great Pyreness (for those out of the loop, read: big ass doggo) so for him it is naturally to see the need for a seatbelt. He weighs about as much as a human being. But even for small animals... you restrain a baby in a car seat, you dont think a pet deserves some level of protection as well?
fortunately, the cat won't have too far to fly if the vehicle comes to a screeching halt.
I like cats.

I don't like Utah.
Jesus, ever heard of video compression?  That cat video was over 1 MiB/s and would have taken 50 floppy disks to store.  Please, think of the floppies!
Crate your pets.

Downvoted for caring about kitty's safety. If that truck crashed that cat is *fucked*.

Stay classy, Reddit.
So this is why truckers are always driving like complete idiots
Let me see you do this and I’ll have you fired, driver . 
Holy shit we have reached a new low? This is supposed to be content? There's literally NOTHING interesting going on.
There ain’t no good mornings in Utah smh 
How does she get enough exercise being cramped in the truck all day?
How to get into a car crash and have your pet cat killed 101.
If you crash your car that cat is going straight out that window and hitting all 9 lives on the way. 

(Restrain your pets driving) 
[deleted]
