"you're eating too much buddy" lol
Lol it seems like the gang brought a newbie to dinner last night. It seems shy and unsure of your husband.
I like how they just know he comes to save them lol 
They are so fat.
Hahahaha “1, 2, 3, 4, you’re eatin’ too much buddy, 5, 6...”
Did he got the last one out?
Those look like Toronto 'coons. They're so fat and adorable
The way he talks to them, especially the scared, one is just so gentle and sweet! I also love that they accepted his help haha 
Can we please have a daily video? Or have him start an instagram account? I’d watch this every day. 

Edit: this is the most upvotes I’ve ever received and all because we demand a dumpster raccoon family instagram!
Your husband is actually cuter than the critters. 
this is exactly a perfect excuse for a vertical video. totally acceptable here and actually helped with a great view of them climbing out.
I love how the last one is like "But what about second breakfast?"
"Thanks Todd!" 

I wish i had this job.
"Thanks, Carl, see you tomorrow morning."
I love their single file line up the fence like they all use the exact same path instead of traveling in any number of other ways they could go.
"The Last Trashpanda" - starring  Jack Black
The plaaaaaank!

The plank is our master.

The plank chooses if we go or if we stay.
The fact that most of them looked like they were expecting him to come is my favorite part. Well and the usage of "chunky boys" too. 
Crosspost to r/trashpandas and cash in all that lovely karma. 

They’re really cute by the way! 
Pawnee, Indiana
I hope nothing happens to your husband or he never takes a day off, haha!  Also, what do these trash pandas do on the weekends?
The last one is like: "Nah dude, I'm not finished."
why do they leave the bin open at night?
we de raccoons

n this our bin

evry night

we climb right in

n eat the schmackos

left behind

you can't beLieve

how much we find!

always plenty,

we have no doubt -

jes one smol prob:

we can't get out 

so evry day

we wait for fren

he help us all

climb out again

tonight, return

to feeding trough 

.....but what if fren

tomorrow *off??!*




RAKINS that’s what those furry little fuckers are Julian
r/humansbeingbros
r/absoluteunits
Your husband is a wonderful man.
I'm in awe of the size of that family of absolute units.
Someone has to take care of us!! Thank you! 
They remind me of Toy Story and the claw... except it’s “THE PLAAAANK”
Me and the 4 friends I have after hangover cure Chinese buffet. 
Wait a second! Zach wasn't done eating! You gotta let him finish his pudding first!
That night was epic, Bill! You shoulda been there! Anyway, thanks for the lift, we'll see you later brochacho.
b i g g trash pandas
You’re husband is such a great guy. 
They’re adorable bastards... A raccoon tore my MSR Hubba Hubba tent and I still hold a grudge.
Heh... always amuses me to see videos like this... and irritates me when people say animals aren't intelligent.

it's fairly obvious that most of these lil bandits are quite accustomed to this arrangement, and have absolutely *no fear* of the human(s) that set them free each morning.
“Guys you got to stop this, what if one day I don’t make it in time” caretaker to raccoons 
Trash panda trash squad 
Hi ho hi ho is off to sleep we go
Your husband catting with them is adorable!
They know the drill lol that last guy must be new to the gang
Husband going on vacation: "and every morning the trash pandas need to be let out at 6"
I'll speak on behalf of reddit in saying that we will be okay if your husband post a new video each morning.
r/gifsthatendtoosoon
Thanks, Bob, see you tomorrow!
Aw! What adorable little trash pandas. 
Your husband is wonderful!!!
what an amazing man you have❤️👌bless him!! 
I’m a school caretaker as well and have to deal with this every time I fill in for the head caretaker lol. There’s some vids I posted here on my post history. It brings such joy help the lil guys out. Everyone thinks I’m crazy but I love the thicc bois.
When raccoons are better fed than kids in Venezuela 😳
Did the last guy get out? I'm assuming so but the video cut out so abruptly.. I'm like "but but but did the last one make it out??"
OH LAWD THEY COMIN'

also I am sad that we didn't get to see the last one climb out.
Life would be easier if the lids on the Dumpster was closed every night, then live traps used to relocate them to the woods away from people.
Chonk!

Those aren't racoons. Those are beach balls with bandit masks on.
I love the last one is like "why would I even leave?"
Your husband is such a humanbro!!!!!
I like how they're like ey up Steve yeah come give us a hand again badman
Trash Pandas
To everyone who asks why don’t they lock/close the lid... It doesn’t work. Raccoons are incredibly smart.

We live about a mile away from a nature preserve and we have cats that go in and out (also neighborhood cats). Cats keep the rodent population down, so we feed the ones around the area. Cat food attracted the raccoons. Surprisingly, the cats and raccoons get along and don’t mess with each other. 

We were scared of them passing rabies to the cats, so we tried to keep raccoons out of our trash and our cat food tub by using heavy clamps that I even had trouble opening.

It took 3 days for us to find all lids open and the clamps on the floor. They won.
Well great, now I want a raccoon 
They are cute. Till one of them gets pissed and starts hissing at you.
/r/trashpandas
/u/vReddit_Player_Bot
Racoons and skunks are underrated for being the most beautifully ornate animals
They probably don't even try to get out anymore, "Eh, Fred will be here in the morning with the board. Eat up, boys!!!"
This happened to me once at my apt complex. I had nothing but a backpack to swing over the side to let 4 of them out. The last one touched my hand and looked at me for a bit. Was a touching moment.
As someone who lives around a lot of raccoons.... we're not short on them... not a fan of keeping them alive when they're digging thought the trash that often.

They actually live in higher density per area in suburban and urban areas than rural.

Oddly the best thing that happened for raccoons in my area was a barn cat that absolutely hated raccoons and would fight them in my back yard for nights on end one summer until.... the cat won and raccoons stayed away.

The cat would hang out on a tree limb that hung low over a pond next to my house every night and survey its territory.   It was one bad ass cat.   Amusingly it seemed to be part Persian so as a wild cat, it was kinda fancy.   It liked to leave us mice, voles, etc on our door even though we didn't really have much of a relationship with it... I mean I was kinda afraid of it.

Over about 10 years once in a while a foolish raccoon would challenge the Persian ... with no luck.

Sadly the cat's reign ended a few years ago and the raccoons are back.   No idea what happened to the cat.
Talk about a food coma! Those guys can hardly pull their own weight. :)
The last one must be a newbie.  
Where is the rest of the video? I'll probably never find out if the last one got out
They are so fat they can't even hop out of a dumpster that's hilarious! The last one in the dumpster was like wait wait I'm not done stuffing myself till I can't move yet...
Caretaker: I just have a feeling I've forgotten something 

[Garbage truck reversing beeps]

Caretaker: Oh crap
I just love how he talks to them so affectionately! 
I like how they were like. Oh guys, joes here, its time to clock out. Then like how you doing joe as they leave
The video goes on another 30 minutes where the human has a staring contest with the scared raccoon.
[removed]
It's not good to encourage raccoon populations by providing ongoing access to trash. Besides the deadly roundworm parasite they carry, they destroy a lot of gardens and crops. People in our area actively fed raccoons, so our earnestly saved investment and desire to grow our own food for health and frugality in our small yard is cut short. They will uproot every plant in your yard looking for grubs, and in our case it will cost many thousands we don't have to build structures to keep them out.
Why don't you just lock it closed?  Probably avoiding the eventual death of these animals when they're dumped and crushed one day?
Absolute unit of absolute units.
inb4 one of them gets rabies and murders you with one bite.
I actually expected chubby boys, from being bullied. 
"Thank you Mr. Thecameralovesyou"
Chunky kids indeed!! They need to spend some time at the gym. 
Lil king trashmouth!! 
That last racoon is like "Nah, Jeff. I'm good right here!"
Trash Panda exodus
That last one reminds me of high school gym class... 

"Nobody look at me while I try to climb this!" 
Survival of the fattest. 
Your husband has the most gentle voice and spirit in this video. I adore it.
*sometime around 4am*  

"Shut up Frank, the guy'll be here in a couple hours."
The majestic trash pandas ascend to their sky burrows after a night of glorious feasting
Trash pandas. True to form.
They're so beautiful! I wish we had them in the UK. 
So your husband is an awesome human being, you know that right?
They know the drill! 

Also, school lunch has like 0 nutritional value, so not surprised they are plus sized trash pandas
Was this filmed in Pawnee?
That last one who’s like well I don’t know about this>>
Your husband seems like he is such a genuine and good person !
I have a man crush on your husband 
This is crying out for a text treatment r/animaltextgifs
M E G A C H O N K
OKAY BUT DID THE LAST LIL ONE MAKE ITS WAY OUT?! 

Such cute animals 😭 
Good morning Tim.
Ralph, how's it going?
Anthony, how's the wife and kids?
"Oh sweet. 2x4 guy is here, let's go guys!"
I LOVE Racoons. I used to feed them by hand at a golf course I worked at. They would steal shit from the golfers carts because of it. I had a tip jar just for the Racoons so I could replace all the hotdogs, chips and beers (yes beers) they stole. Reassuring grown men that Racoons WERENT RABID just because they were out during the day was always hysterical! Awww, fun!
Worked as a cleanup guy at a waterpark. At the very back of the park was 3 or 4 large dumpsters in the woods. If we ever made the mistake of not putting the lid back on, or leaving any kind of opening, you can guarantee it would be filled with Raccoons the next morning.

The culmination of the story is that one morning we opened it up to find it was absolutely *filled* with raccoons. We put a board in there to let them out and counted them as they left. Counted a total of 26. 

They're cute, but they're definitely trash pandas.
Wow. Worst cliffhanger ever. Does he survive? Does he find true love.  I'm so over this Damn show. 
He's a good man for saving them. A lot of people could care less about whether they get out or not. I would help them too. 
A beautiful union between man and animal. And it all happened in a fucking dumpster. 
How is this aww? Close the goddamn dumpster so they can't get in.
Or he could just shut the dumpster each night...
A bunch of absolute units
If I was caretaker at that school, I'd take a gun and shoot everyone of those raccoons. I don't want those fuckers anywhere near the schoolyard if I can help it.
They are overweight! Maybe he should lock that container at night and do them a favor. 
why not just close the lid, school caretaker?
They're ALL eating too much. 

Also, rabies...
Tune in next week to see if Buddy gets out of the bin... 😩
Serious question. How are racoons not squished by dumpster trucks every day 
I like how when they're leaving they have that look of "why are you helping us?"
Trash pandas!
You can definitely tell who the repeat offenders are. 
I absolutely love this!  Thank you for sharing!!
Did the last one ever get out????
In awe at the size of these lads!
I have the urge to watch Pom Poko now.
Lmao, it looks so routine to them. "Well boys, looks like it's time to go."
Aww, they look like little robbers.
Vertical videos have become much more accepted with new smartphones being able to play video full screen vertically. 
What happens on weekends? 
The trash pandas have been freed
This is so cool and cute at the same time.
See ya tomorrow Bob!! (Raccoons probably). 
Do they all know where the next location is?
"The claaaaaw"
Oh god. Where are they going next ??? 
Those are some real chunky boys. 
We had to do this once at a restaurant I worked at. I tried a board too but they were too scared. That's when our dishwasher jumped in and just grabbed them by their scruffs and tossed them out. I tried to stop him from jumping in the dumpster but I don't speak Spanish and he didn't give dos fucks anyways. 
All these fat trash pandas know the routine get in the trash and mr teacher lets us out.
The new trash panda doesnt know who this so he is a little hesitant 
Aww these guys are so adorable. Your husband is a good guy for watching out for them!

Is there any risk of the garbage truck accidentally grabbing them when they empty the dumpster? Looks like it could be a Lil dangerous for them there
Haven't they considered locking the trash container at night? It can't be too healthy for the raccoons
The last one is like "bro, I'm not done yet. Give me 5" 
Racoon1: "Thanks man!"
Racoon2: "much obliged"
Racoon3: "thank you good sir"
racoon4: "thanks mate"
racoon5: "right on man, same time tomorrow?"
Racoon6: "I don't know you guys!"
trash panda waddle of shame
Omg what a bunch of chunksters.

The last raccoons the best.
That's it, you won r/aww. This is the cutest video I've ever seen.
Does that count as a walk of shame?
Your husband is awesome. 
"But I haven't finished my garbage..." 
the best part is when they get out of the dumpster it's a fat racoon parade
Talk about a family UNIT
I like the vertical video. Viewing it on my phone is nice. Forget the haters.
Omgomgomg thank you for this 
I don't know which I love more, the fatty fat trash pandas, or your husband.  He's so adorable talking to them and calling them 'baby'.  😍
Oh dear god they’re HUGE xD I want oddly
What a good guy
You ain’t gotta go home, but you gotta get the hell outta here...
r/trashpandas
How can something that lives in the trash be so cute?
Hey guys, our ride is here...
I applaud your husband. As does the rest of Pawnee.
Omg I officially love your husband. How sweet is this?!
Your husband seems incredibly kind.  It’s cute how he talks to them like they’re human babies!
Your husband sounds sweet. 
Last one is like "pls sir no eat me I'm not as fat :( "
Lol, I don't like raccoons, but that's adorable.
Your husband has a very sweet and kind demeanor. 

...I bet that both the raccoons AND the students are pretty fond of him! 
Did he make it???? I need to know!!!
I love the orderly exit up the plank then along the fence.
Something that shit amazed me is that raccoons that live in Urban areas are testably better at problem solving and are more intelligent than their Forest dwelling counter parts.
This is my favorite thing on the internet.
Its true school food does make you fat. No wonder we have an obesity problem with our youth.
Your husband is forgiven for managing to give me a genuine grin and giggle while viewing this while planning surgery ;)
r/humansbeingbros 
But does the last one ever make it out though?!?! I CAN'T SLEEP TILL I KNOW!! and what happens when he's on annual leave 😱
God damned trash pandas!
My moms favorite animal was raccoons, she would’ve loved this video. I love everything about it ❤️
Apologize? No need. Sometimes I don’t want to flip my phone every time I want to see a video clip. 
You don’t have to apologize for the vertical video. Once you zoom in it fills the screen perfectly and I don’t have to tilt my phone like it’s 2010. Actually, we should all be thanking him!
Looks like it’s SOMEONE’S first time at the all night dumpster.
I love how they're not even scared at this point, they're just like, "Oh good, the doorman's here."
I NEED TO SEE DAILY UPDATES FOR THESE TRASH PANDAS
What is this? Raccoon Ninja Warrior?

New guy didn't know the drill yet.
Walk of shame
Why not just close the container?
"No, dude, it's honestly fine. We dive in, eat our weight in Ooman stuff, then one comes by in the morning and lets us out. Has worked fine for months."

"I don't know..."

"Ricky, you're just a scaredy cat. C'mon. I promise, it's fine."
There's always one...
Ok to be fair, the content of this video *actually lends itself* to vertical video!

Seriously, almost all the content was vertically travelling, and the space you needed to see was vertical, not horizontal.  Everything has it's place. This happens to be a freak time where it's not silly.

 The only issue is how much screen space you lose because of YOUR viewing device.  Those with *vertically* tilted monitors have the perfect way to view this one video. 

Them boys eatin good
Lol I can't stop laughing at these fat little fucks.
I wonder if little king trash mouth is there.
Really shouldn't be letting them get into that bin, it should be properly secured. It's dangerous for the racoons and the kids at the school.
Your husband is darling! I watched it without sound, but it’s so much better with it! 
Someone needs to edit this with the theme of [The Great Escape! ](https://youtu.be/MbsuAbTTsV8)
When you accidentally recreate One Flew Over the Cuckoos Nest.
Remember in Grizzly Man, that one bear that didn't want to play, and ended up being bad news?

That last raccoon. Bad News.
The infamous trash panda
ENABLER!
God must have a sense of humor. He made the cutest animal ever also the biggest asshole. 
Darwin is rolling in his grave
Vertical is often the preferred format nowadays
TRASH PANDAS!! 
That's alot of trash pandas
Same thing happened to me on a construction site. First day I had to chase the little bugger around the dumpster with a 2x8 as a ramp until he finally got the idea. The next two days he just hopped right on and let himself out. The fourth day, I got to work and the dumpster had already been emptied. Felt bad. I hope he made it.
D-I-A-B-E-T-E-S-!
Raccoons can have a pretty funny personality. One time i was camping, I left the site to get water. My gf was in the tent and heard rustling around in our trash. When I got back she told me about it and I said it was prolly a raccoon or something (in OBX so certainly no bear) 

Sure enough an hour or so later I hear some rustling in the woods next to me. I shine a flashlight and there it was, the coon. I’ll never forget the look it gave me, like I had just walked in on a jewel thief in the middle of a heist. It backed off slowly and trotted off, in a “you got me this time” kind of way. 
I like your husbands voice 
I love how she apologized for the vertical video. Huge pet peeve of mine when my wife does that so I appreciate there’s somebody else that it bothers.
I wonder if they recognize him
Absolute chunkers 
Your husband is cool. I'm glad he lets them out and takes care of them. They are just doing raccoon things. They are alright. Not hurting nothing.
Hmm that's interesting, they look like the perfect pet. Fair play for having four, must be a fun house you have haha 
Literally Trash Pandas 
Dirty mike and the boys 
u/trainriderben
Oh my goshh they are so cute im litterally crying 😍😭
OP, is [this](https://youtu.be/U-V4O7rKvRk?t=183) also your husband? At 3:03
I love vertical video. Looks great on my phone and I don't have to rotate it. Haters gonna hate
SWEET MOTHER OF XENU DID THE LAST ONE GET OUT?!?!
Everything is Fat. In America 😂😅
Awww! So fat! And cute!
This is so sweet! I love how kind your husband is being to the raccoons :)
Nice guy. Love how he talks to them.
I don't know much about animals and their thought process so if someone does please chime in. My question is, do the animals recognize when you do something to help them and remember it? For example, will these raccoons remember this guy and think, "Hey he helped me and my family"?
But did the last chunky boi get out?! :-(
Watching a vertical video on a phone is great.   The whole vertical video is bad meme is outdated.
Last chonker has the first day jitters
There's always that one guy that doesn't want to leave when the party is over! 
Trash pandas 
Linda belcher would be proud. 
I love how gentle and sweet your husband is to them 😂 this gave me a whole new appreciation for trash pandas
I really need this to be turned into a Pixar movie somehow. Like the life of racoons or something. 
Bless these chonky trash pandas.
They seem chill as hell
Coon and friends
You don't have to go home, but you can't stay here
Pretty sure someone gave you the gold for the acknowledgment of vertical filming.
I'll speak on behalf of reddit in saying that we will be okay if your husband post a new video each morning.
I love how they inchworm up with their fat little bodies
Did the last one make it out?!?? I NEED TO KNOW HES OK!!!
It's Rob's family. It's nice to see that they are doing well. He doesn't talk about them much.
"Cheers,Phil...same time tomorrow?"
OMG! Did he get out!??! 
raccoons are cute people should let them be
can some one help me my school bully keeps sending pizza to my house and booting me offline can some one help me or tell me what to do i have his address and wifi ip 
Yo, anybody else see the fence levels from Mario Bros on snes?
Trash pandas smh
Or maybe just leave the board there?
Is there a contingency plan for when he's sick and can't make it? Do they camp out until he comes?
Did the last doggo make it out? 😥
And what they don't tear up, they shit on.
Natural selection is going to do some weird things in the future.
Your husband is so lucky, the trash pandas at the school I used to clean for, they were frightened to death and ready to fight. 
Good god you must live in Pawnee
Picky kids at that school, throwing out their lunches
Those trash pandas need to go on a diet
I like how theyre like "yeah yeah we know the drill. we're leaving"
CLIFFHANGER! Did the last one get out or what?

Also, the way he talks to them is so awesome. 
WHY IS THE PLASTIC NOT SEPARATED OUT FOR RECYCLING?! 
I know racoons can carry rabies and since they are wild they can attack and be dangerous, but ...Damn are they cute.
What a disgrace so much recycling is in regular trash and at a school. Great educational system. 
Need a follow up on the last panda. I need to know if they got out ok!?
The one that immediately raised its arms is like "gimme the ladder"
r/AbsoluteUnits
I can imagine your husband calling in sick one day and making what ever calls he has to tell his sub that there is an entire raccoon army that needs to be freed first thing in the morning.
anyone who can tell me if there is a reason why they seek the high ground and walk on top of the fence rather than the ground?
Pet one. 
It's like the animals that discover have-a-heart traps and constantly get re-trapped (during scientific studies/animal surveys):  
1) Hey, guaranteed food.  
2) Safe from predators all night.  
3) Get let out in the morning.

Win, Win, Win. :D
Thats an entire pokémon team right there
I’ve seen a post like this before but it only had one chonk. This is a treasure trove of pandas!
Ok guys, the bar is closing
Close the lid at the end of the day.
I don't think they are learning...
/r/absoluteunit
That's exactly how i used to act when my Uncle Jack used to try to get me to climb his wood.
Nice infestation you got there. 
Maybe he should try closing the dumpster every night?
Fuck raccoons.  Close the lid and walk away.  And make sure the kids and pets stay far away.
They are well fed.
So thicc
Don't raccoons carry a bunch of diseases and sometimes rabies? One of the reasons I'll always keep my distance if I ever encounter one
I'm sure this has been asked 100x already but why don't they just close the lid at night. 
Or your husband could just shut the dumpsters and latch it, he’s literally killing them. Sorry to be that guy but this isn’t cute.
So your husband effectively is taking care of wild animals, known for carrying rabies, at a school rather than taking measures to keep them away.

&#x200B;

"Caretaker" isn't exactly what I would call that.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
Coons are varmint. 99% of the oohs and awws in this thread are from millennials who have never had any responsibilities.
"School caretaker" is the best alternative job title I've ever heard for "janitor"
Thank god they're in a good mood, I wouldn't want to go near the little fuckers however cute they look.

What's gonna happen on you vacation day when the dump truck shows up and doesn't look lmao
Yeeeh has he tried just closing the lid?
op this is a repost you liar
I’m so glad your husband found them and gave them a way out. Unfortunately, there are a lot of people in this world who do have the kind heart your husband does obviously does. Even if he is not at the school every day, is it close enough that he could swing by on the way to the other schools he’s assigned? Just to let them out?  I understand that may be a burden, but I just can’t stand the thought of someone with bad intentions finding them. 

Please thank your husband for doing this and making a lot of random stranger smile today. 
Coons can be very aggressive, this is pretty dumb

&#x200B;
They are cute, unfortunately they suck. 
This does not belong in /r/aww. Raccoons are pure evil, you should see what they did to my chickens! Reached through the cage and ripped them apart.
Here is an idea, close the lid!

Chuck a molotov cocktail in there next time. Fuck raccoons. Vermin. 
There is nothing cute about Raccoons.
I'm torn... Personal and family experiences have lead me to seriously dislike raccoons.  But this... is definitely cute.
am i the only one who thinks this is actually kind of terrible? repeatedly feeding them trash deliberately and making them less and less cautious of people?
Call pest control for fucks sake. My own mother feeds raccoons and I hate her for it.
How fucking dope are racoons. I love this for some reason. 
So, so chunky! 
Bandits!
Looks like the aliens in the claw machine from toy story
*James Bond theme gets louder*
Fat bastards!
T R A S H C H O N K E R S
r/Gifsthatendtoosoon 

Not what I was expecting but I'm really glad he doesnt have to repeatedly let fat children out of a dumpster in the morning. This was nice. 
Those are some fat coons!
He's Canadian isn't he?
So did the last one get out??....or....
That sure are chunky!!!

This is the Pre-K class. You can tell because they're still working on lining up.
what happens if you dont let them out?
Those are some adorable trash pandas!
Reminds me of [SouthPark Scene with Cartman](https://i.imgur.com/SN0XlBs.jpg) 
Awww! Little King Trashmouth!
Do you two happen to live in Pawnee Indiana?
Trash pandas
The last guy is the smart one...MOAR FOR ME!!!!
Recycling at its best. 
Is it weird that the first thing I thought was "look at all that recyclable stuff in the trash".
Your husband should team up with the guy with the Garage Raccoons!! I'm new-ish to Reddit and not sure how to post links, but it was in r/cars and the post was inquiring about the effects of pee on tires. One of the best threads of all time. 
Trash Pandas
This is delightful. What a nice guy. 
Pom Poko
r/trashpandas would love this!
Stories will be told for generations... He will be a trash panda legend! 
a bunch of r/AbsoluteUnits
I ❤ trash pandas 
Thank you for saving these trash pandas 😊😊
They're used to it lol they don't seem cautious around him at all. That's just adorable.
I call the big one 'Bitey'
Those are some seriously chonky trash pandas
Fat ninjas
Does he get out? 
They're cute n all however I'm sure I read one time they are not ideal pets, is this true? 
Dudes! Where you guys going to party isn't finished yet!
Classic chunky Toronto rakeyns. They’re cute but they don’t give a f... they usually make a mess of your house/garbage and eat the squirrels. 
I'd be that last distrustful one.
Remindme! 2 weeks
C H U N K Y B O Y S
This is amazing.... please do a daily video!!!
*t h i q q*
I prefer this method of disposing waste over landfills
That is the longest walk of shame I've ever seen.
Rakins!
Absolute Units right there!
Silly scaredy dumpster bandit!
OH LAWD THEY COMIN
The crawl of shame.
He is so sweet! 
I love the one that grabs the plank of wood right at the start and places it like a ladder because he knows the drill now and he's gotten impatient waiting.
What happens if you go on holiday? Think some crazy Raccoon helper be needed ☺
Dirty Mike and the boys
Wait, if those racoons goes in on a friday do they have to wait for him till monday morning?
I mean this in the sincerest way- maybe he can encourage a sort of recycling program in the school, at least for water bottles. The raccoons would also have less to sift through ;)
Omg they're so adorabllllllllle
Your husband is wonderful.  Tell him thanks for caring about about animals and being a friendly Steward to critters.  Much good karma your way.
Racconeggs?
He sounds like an extremely nice person.
This video made my day! Your husband is a Rock Star!! 
I'm getting a Winnie the Pooh vibe from this. Maybe someday they'll eat so much they can't climb out.

When that happens, let's just hope they have a good friend like Rabbit to turn their butts into sidetables while they wait to get thin again.
There's a lot of calories in garbage, apparently.
OH LAWD THEY COMIN
They must be thinking..."Thanks Bob, same time tomorrow" 
Do the raccoons somehow open the dumpster?
r/trashpandas
Its so adorable and sweet I think I might cry 😢 lol
I like that when they climb up the bit of wood and go past the camera that each one is fatter than the one before it.
I wonder what their relationship is. Are they siblings? Just friends from the hood that hang around together?
That school needs to teach the kids about recycling.
Chubby little guys 
CHONKY TRASH PANDAS!!!

&#x200B;
Boy they are pretty fat.  Must be eating well
Yeahhhhhhhh!!!
Thank you for making my day!
 The last trash panda is wondering why is this human so kind to us
This restored a little bit of faith in mankind in me. Thank you
I just love these trash pandas
Damn trash pandas going through my crap again!
Poor little new guy.
I like how they just scoot-hop when climbing the board. 
r/humansbeingbros
Dumpster was full the night before.
Awww that’s so cute and sweet!
Weird that not one of them went: "HSSSSS"
In sf there’s ratcoons that come up to you for food
T H I C C
I love them so much
THEYRE SO CUTE!!!
they're so roly poly and cute
Chunky boys? I thought this video was going to be about some students. 

I am relieved to see it's about trash pandas.
Gib escape board plz
Coming from a place that don't have them, I never realized how good climbers raccoons are. They scaled that fence like it was nothing!
The trash is full of recyclables.
 Thank you sir. 
They have some CHONK on them
Did the last one get out?
/r/Trashpandas
Did the last one get out and join the gang??? 
They are sooooo CUTE!!!!
What happens on the weekend?
Those are some cute trash pandas!
There is still good in the world 
What happen to the last one?
Chubby trash pandas are better climbers than I thought
"Hey Bob"

"Hey Fellas"
I wanna join this chunky boi gang!
The great escape !!
The one new guy like, "I dont trust you."
Wholesome.
God damn thats fresh
Trash Pandas
Hi ho, hi ho, it's off to bed we go.
I thought raccoons were nasty, but these seem pretty docile.
SCARED JELLO BOY
The vertical video looked just fine on my phone, thank you for not filling the sides with useless crap so it didn't crop.
It's like coming out of a nightclub the next morning when the sun is out and you're wasted.
They're like lemmings.
r/videosthatendtoosoon
I miss my old Mainecoon mix, when he was a stray still living in the back yard, he was friends with the family of Raccoons that would visit, he would even slap them about if they started squabbling.
King Trashmouth and his court
You guys are so lucky. The closest thing we have in Europe is badgers, witch are scary as hell
oh. 'coons.
Left Behind 2: Trash Panda
What a sweet man. No wonder you married him. I like that he's not butt hurt about them getting in the garbage. 
The fat ones! 😍😍😂😂😂😂
This seems like a good time to bring this up. You should check out Huntsville/Madison's new baseball team, The Rocket City Trash Pandas!
It blows my mind that there are animals that big that just roam around town and backyards like its normal. I'm from New Zealand and the biggest thing you'll find in your backyard here is a hedgehog 
Trash pandas in their natural habitat.
Dem chunky boi's are getting out of hand.
Those are the fattest raccoons I’ve ever seen and I love them all. 
I thought he was gonna let a bunch of fat kids outside
Last one was like, nah I'm good.
Na na na na na na na TRASH PANDAS! 
This is an exception to my hatred for vertical videos
That's real cute and all but I do wonder how they get out on weekends?
  This is priceless.  I love the care he gives them daily.   They are totally waiting for him. 
This is the best thing I've seen all day. Thanks!
He should set up a camera to capture how they open the bin and get in! ;)
This is my favourite video for the rest of eternity. Thank you :)
Yoo I thought this was the dumpster from the walking dead when glen was thought to be dead
I really appreciate how casually he does this lol. 
Not that they aren't cute and I'm sure enjoy the free snacks, but have they considered just putting a lock on the cover to keep them out?
omg...how cute!!!
Each one was fatter than the last! I loved this video.
Thanks for the apology.
I wish I ever saw a raccoon, sadly I couldn't find one even when I visited America for 2 weeks, raccoons seem like cats who can grab stuff
One of them is very skeptical 🙂
Your husband is the leader of the trash pandas?!  All Hail Your Husband!!
BUT DID HE EVER GET OUT
/u/vredditmirrorbot
Dirty Mike and the boys at it again 
Trash Panda Trouble Gang
But does he ever get OUT. We need to know!
aka video of me and the fam at Applebees.
Awww I wish my country had these 
When they see him:
"The funs over boys. Greg is here again and wants us out" 
As they exit:
1st one:"Hey greg"
2nd: "how you doing greg?"
3rd: "I'm going, I'm going" 
I know they are pests. But I think they are so adorable :) 

I am always nice to my raccoon visitors. I will shoo them away so they don't ruin my neighbors garbage cans or spill the garbage everywhere but always in a nice tone and without malice. 

Had a similar situation a few weeks ago. It was at a big chain convenience store, right along a highway. I left the flap open but didn't try to dig him out. I still doubt that I made the right decision by not making a bigger effort to help it out. Still feel guilty and I'm trying to convince myself it got out okay .

On a more positive note: There's a shelter by me that puts out food for a huge feral stray cat colony, and there were 7 or so. Luckily I had my camera, got a lot of good shots.
I love the last one. "Can't I just stay please?"
Your husband sounds like a sweetheart.
What about on the weekends though?
They are literally turning into PANDAS of the trash 
Where is this?
My god i love trash pandas
Oh noes...runnn...runnn...runnn...
Also a school caretaker and had to do this regularly for raccoons and sometimes squirrels. 
I hope he never misses work on trash day... 8(
“Oh sorry. I’m new here. “
Not all heroes wear capes, but get him one anyway! Hell, get one for the raccoons, too... cause who doesn’t want to see fat raccoons in capes?!?! Anyone? Didn’t think so...
Dumb raycons!
T H I C C E M S
what lovely rascals!
The last one don’t want to live that life no more.
This video is like 3 years old
I love them
Trash pandas confirmed
Why not lock it overnight? So they don't get stuck? 
Omg, they even have fat tails..
R/absoluteunits should be blessed with this bunch of big boys!
It might be vertical but the man knows how to point a camera
r/humansbeingbros
r/absoluteunits
The MegaChonkers are so cute!!!
The video goes on another 30 minutes where the human has a staring contest with the scared raccoon.
Fatties
Sum  NIGHT BOIZ
Imagine training a new hire: "Alright newbie, after you unlock the school and turn on the lights you'll need to get the ol' board and free the raccoons from the skip out back."
I need help building a raccoon trap, got any ideas?
😍😍😍😍
That last one must be new around here.
He is sooooo sweet to them.  I hope you have kids in your life some way or another. <3
Did he make it????
Chubby trashpanda is chubby. 
That's a big nope for me
He could always get a better bin delivered, one with an actual rakon stopping lid. 

Yea I know, it's a Rickyism.
So chomky and roumd 😍
Is all that plastic (millions of years to make oil) going to landfill after one use? 
So does the last one make it out?
We have raccoons the size of dogs in Seattle!
G A R B A G E B O I Z
Don't apologize for vertical video. It's an entirely valid format. I watched this on my phone which I naturally hold vertically and the aspect ratio was great.

Just because it's not the best for every person doesn't mean it's inherently bad. 
Climbing on that chain link just like Mario!
or just shut the lid
They clearly haven’t missed a meal or a dumpster. Lol
Thanks for pointing out that nobody should record vertically. Those who do it and dont apologize should go to jail!

Those racoons can barely climb after the feast lol
Raccoons are the best animals change my mind. 
If this isn't on /r/animaltextgifs by the end of the day, I'm gonna be sad.
I dint get it. Why not keep the wood plank in there all the time. They trap them in the dumpster?
Does the last one get out? I need to know.
They are sooo cute
