Kudos to the teacher who made this happen.  Good lesson in humanity :)
I love how equally happy the kids are to be singing in sign for him. 
Good thing we have a janitor here to mop up my tears  😭 😭 😭
Videos of kids being kind to custodians will never get old. 
That's some wholesome shizz right there. 
Right in the feels...
Just realised that deaf is the perfect way to be if you work in a school. 
This is really beautiful. It’s great to see custodians being acknowledged and celebrated. In my experience custodians at schools get treated so much better than in other place but I’m sure that’s not true everywhere. My dad worked as a custodian when I was growing up for a subsidized elderly apartment building. Despite him being incredibly nice to the residents (all residents had his personal phone number and could call him at any time day or night for their clogged toilet or leaky pipe, hell he went out there are 2am because a resident said their door closed “too loudly”.) yet they treated him like garbage. 
One summer I worked as a custodian for a large manufacturing plant. Everyone I saw would tell me I needed to do a better job cleaning their cubicle, or I missed a spot over in x, even though it was just two of us cleaning a gigantic building and had cycles of what we cleaned on what days based on what the person in charge at the company wanted. Despite explaining this to them, they would continue to point out “mistakes” everyday. 
Please appreciate what custodians do and give them respect. The jobs has its moments, but is never a great time. Feeling respected and appreciated goes a long way. 
I wish the camera had been better positioned but this is awesome!  I am deaf and think this is wonderful.
Oh man, I had an awesome custodian when I was in elementary school!! This just reminded me!

His name was Michael (don't remember his last name), and he was somewhat old. He always used to yell "If you recycle, you can call me Michael!" He was like the only guy that reminded us to use the recycling bins. And if he ever caught you cleaning something up, he'd give you some jolly ranchers.

Didn't realize how cool of a dude he was until just now.
No sound on the video, couldn't hear them. 
I did the exact same thing he did when I saw the kids signing. This is just so cute!!!
This was his 60th birthday and he has been working in the school system for more than 20 years.  You don't need sound to understand the love on display here.
I'm not crying .. that's pee. Eye pee. I have a disease. Not important
What a great teacher
Fucking stop it with the custodian love reddit! My heart can't take this much fucking wholesomeness!

i may not hear the world like you,

but i can see your face,

n everything you say is true

i 'hear' it in a place

that isn't how most people hear,

i use a different part

my friends, i may not use my ears -

i hear you with my heart


There is still hope for this world
We had an awesome Custodian through my whole elementary school time.

I think one of the reasons kids always have this connection to custodians is that they're one of the only adults in the school who aren't trying to boss you around or who have authority over you, so they kinda become friends, like you're in it together.

Amazing. 
GaNg oF wHitE kiDs brUtalLy make blaCk CustOdiAn crY
These videos always make me think about times i’ve missed out on doing something good like this just because i didn’t think of it 
As a fire alarm service tech I talk to a lot of school custodian and facility staff let me tell you, these men and women are usually some of society’s nicest, down to earth people you can meet. I swear I never get a warmer greeting from anyone else then I do from these people. 
One of the Custodians at my wife's elementary school is deaf and reads lips very well. He LOVES when our toddler is with her at school because we taught him very basic sign language from infancy. They really do have a bond that we can't understand.
Between this and the foster dad post I am quite dehydrated
this just made my day a whole lot better
No sound needed. I’m definitely crying.
I’m too proud to admit I tried turning my volume up...
the boy in the red is bullshitting his way through it
They made his ~~day~~ life.
I was...somebody is chopping some onions...whatever, here's my upvote.
My dumbass tried turning the volume up 
Faith in humanity. 
Good way to start the morning. ❤️
I guess that after reading many comments on this post, my comment would be...
How about be nice to everyone. Treat people the way you want to be treated.
We never know what is going on in another human beings’ mind. We don’t know what kind of trouble they are in or what terrible news they received or whatever it is that makes them act in an “unfriendly “ way.
A smile and a word of encouragement will go a loooooooong way.
I have to challenge all of you here who has someone in you workplace who’s a sour puss or jus an unfriendly person. Try to change it by changing your attitude and approach. It may take a while but when you really try and put the effort in, you’ll be amazed what you can do with just being kind and approach someone without prejudice and no preconditions.
Treat others the way you want to be treated and you’ll see what a wonderful world you make this world become.
Peace ✌️ 
My elementary school janitor's name was Mr Manuel, and he was a friggin awesome dude. Each monthly assembly he would present the cleanest Graderoom with the Golden Garbage Can award... legit just a garbage can spray painted gold lmao. But I'll never forget him. 
I LOST it watching this last night. 
I’m a teacher and in undergrad several of my professors made sure to emphasize how important it is to have a good relationship with the school secretary and the building custodian. I make sure at the end of my Friday’s to go shoot the shit with the custodian in the boiler room. 
My mom is a school secretary so I already knew to be nice to those. 
This hits home. My mom is a custodian at a school and from what ive seen, they love her there. And she deserves every bit of it. She stays past what she is paid and goes above and beyond every day. 

She deserves the same love when she gets home. But that doesnt always happen. Shes always so happy when she brings back pictures of her favorite kids and teachers or when they give her things.

Firmly believe its gestures like this that make the job worth it. 
If this doesn’t warm your heart, then you are a cold bastard. 
This made me realize that sign language should be taught in school. Not necessarily a ton  of it, but definitely enough that everyone can communicate the necessities regardless of whether they can hear or not. 
Back in school we all respected our custodians, to the point where the one time some students tried to bully and mess with them the whole school went on alert to stop it. 
I'm curled up in a ball. Puking my guts out. Moving hurts like a goddamn volcano up my ass. But this..this is good
Holy crap, this is the cutest god damn thing ever.
"This looks cute! \*puts on headphones to hear it\*"

I'm an idiot.
Poor guys knee looks jacked up
Hes gonna remember that for the rest of his life
I think this is wonderful! People don’t realize how important our school custodial staff does everyday. They are the ones that keep the schools running! Way to go kids! He really deserves it! 😊
What is this wetness around my eyes? The fuck?
Wholesome af
Why people aren’t kind to custodians is just beyond me.  This is how I judge how people truly are. 
Videos like this make my heart melt.
The old man rub face beard thing gets me right in the feels every time.
This custodian appreciation thing is wonderful, please keep it up.
Sound doesn’t work on video /s.
Tried to increase volume then remembered the title, feeling like an asshole now.
SERIOUS: Is it still calling singing in sign language?  
NO, You are crying!
I read half the title and started watching and was like, "I wonder if I could turn on the sound for this, it looks adorable."

Then I read the other half
Still wish the video had audio..
Who put this bowl of onions here 😭😭

That gave me all the feels!
Did I just try and turn up the volume on a sign language video? 
I can’t hear it..
There's no sound!
this is wonderful...love still seeing signs of decent humanity. :)
Ok, but who was singing the loudest?
NOTHING CAN STOP ME I JUST VOTED UP 🎶🎶🎶
What a wonderful gesture! Kudos to the teachers for teaching them how to sign and to acknowledge him in that way!  

For all those asking for sound....  He’s deaf!  Try listening with your heart and your eyes..... from his perspective. To him there wasn’t any sound. 
I tried to turn the volume up but I forgot they were signing fml 
This shit made my eyes fog up.
At first I was disappointed there was no sound. Then I realized this is the most authentic experience.
Why is there no sound?
This just totally made my day!
The teacher is the real mvp here.
Thanks I’m sobbing at work now 
Custodians were always the nicest people. As long as I was nice to them, they’d help me out more than most teachers would 
First post I look at today, aaaaand I'm crying.
Needs a repost on r/humansbeingbros
This is the sweetest thing ever
Props to the teacher to taking class time to do this. Teaching kids another language is difficult, and she used it to teach them another lesson on appreciating those around us. Bravo! 
Why the fuck don't we pay teachers more?!?!!!?!?!!!!
I like this new trend of custodian appreciation 
Lovely 😊 I love seeing schools appreciating their custodians. 
Can we make this whole making custodians feel amazing a daily thing? 
I'm not teasing the guy but I walk like that after sitting on the toilet too long on reddit.
This reminded me that I still have a heart. 
Sign language is truly amazing <3
Ok, how many of you instantly tried to turn the volume up?! I need to know I'm not alone! 
I love that one kid who was just circling his arms in front of him the whole time.
Is there a version with sound?
This video needs sound
Was gonna ask for video with audio then I realized.... 
I tried to put the sound on.... to hear the singing..... ... .
Does he have a messed up knee/leg/back, or is he just doing a dramatic falling walk like you might do when you’re taken back by the magic of the situation?
Love this! I work for the school board and there’s no one besides the principal I respect more than the custodial staff... if I see kids purposely making a mess, I make them clean it up and give them a lecture on how hard the custodians work for them and me. It’s a thankless job and no one knows how much work or hours they actually do. 
am i the only dumbass that turned up my volume expecting to hear something
That really made my day, and it's only 9am
I want a sub specifically for people being wholesome to custodians
Custodians don’t get enough love. Good job kids, faith in humanity restored.
Once when I was complaining about mowing lawns my mom told me, “There’s no job which you’re too good to do.” At first, I took it as a slight. But now that I’m older, I really appreciate her saying it and I try my best to remember it.
Made my day thank you, there is still good in the world. Just a little bit sometimes is huge. 
r/MadeMeSmile
This is awesome. I supervise construction. I had one def carpenter working on my site out of 200 + workers. He communicated with everyone only through text and note pads. I took the time to learn and teach my team to say good morning and good night when we saw him. He was so excited the first morning I used it he started signing me and I had to explain I don’t know sign I just learned for him. We are still friends.
I wish I could upvote this a million times! 
School custodians are just the best people somehow.  They deserve so much more than we give them for the work they do and the things they put up with - and always with a smile. 
Can we get a link with sound ffs...
I'm dumb. Checking my volume cause I didn't hear anything
I'm not crying, you're crying. 
I’m not crying, you’re crying 😢
Too early for chopping onions in here.  /sniff
\-My hands so hurt...

\-Why?

\-I've been singing all night!
I love how much fun the teacher looks like she’s having while she’s signing with them! I love how much fun everyone looks like they’re having! My morning started out so shitty, I’m so glad this vid was the first thing I saw when I opened reddit.
I’m really dumb I turned this up expecting there to be volume 
My heart.
Yes, yes, this is great. But: Is this a StarWars shirt?
This is so great. That teacher is thoughtful. The kids learned more than just sign language. 
I'm not crying, you're crying.
Learning the best lessons early! 
❤️❤️❤️❤️
These kids touched this guys heart for life!
I have something in my eye. I'm not tearing up! 
Why did I turn my volume up
My son is taking ASL as his foreign language in high school. I hope so much that he has the opportunity to make someone happy with his knowledge.  Loved seeing this today😁
This!! And more of this kind of stuff, throughout the world. I need it, so I don’t loose hope in mankind. Thanks OP :) 
It’s nice to be important. But it’s more important to be NICE. 
r/mademesmile 
This was lovely
Isn't this same custodian we saw in the gym last week?
Is Teacher wearing \_leggings\_?
Videos of people crying for joy will never get old. I love these.
That’s amazing he must be really proud them after that.
I’m crying
Oh...my heart. Why does it feel stretched to breaking and then full to overflowing at the same time? I love this feeling.  What a sweet thing to do. ❤️
Always remember to be nice to custodians! When I was a sophomore dorming in college we had a "floor meeting" and I suggested, hey, we should give the janitor a thank you card for all he's done for us. 

Well, the RA looked at me like "uh, okay..." and honestly the weird reaction from her and her assistant made me back off. I feel bad I never thanked him, but I got so self-conscious about my suggestion. I thought, maybe that isn't really a thing these people do. I mean, I grew up with my mom tipping the mailperson at Christmas, so I figured being appreciative was normal. 
Who’s chopping onions??
I wondered why there was no sound at first but then i realised it
More wholesome than wholesome!
I thought it said "sids king" at first 
I’m not crying...It’s just been rainin’, on my face.
Well done kids! It is very well thought out!
This the kinda shit that makes you cry on your period 
One of my happiest memories from elementary school was giving my janitor a box of Oreos for winter break. You could tell he was so happy 😁.
Does he have a feather duster?  There appears to be a lot ...sniff ... of dust ... sniff ... in here. 

*reaches for tissue*
I remember if fourth grade we had a janitor named Martin. He was a hispanic man who couldn’t really speak english all that well. Anyways every time we would have an assembly in the gym Martin would always be on the stage doing a final sweep of the floor. Me and my friends just started chanting Martin, Martin, Martin and eventually most of the gym joined in and this continued every time he would appear on stage and you could see his eyes light up and he couldn’t contain his smile anymore. Martin if your reading, your the fucking man.
Eyebleach
Where's the sound?
Jannitor in a video : instant upvote
My. Freaking. Heart. 
Who brought onions?
This made me cry. Such genuine happiness. Don’t feel like I see these kinds of things enough these days. 
I’m stone cold and eyes did not water at all.
If I ever have kids I hope to God that they have teachers like these two. I don't have clear memories of math or science or reading lessons from elementary school, but I can clearly recall the lessons I was taught about being kind to others. 
The sweetest thing ever 
I FREAKING LOVE VIDEOS ABOUT APPRECIATING JANITORS 😭😂💕
Ok, this is fucking adorable! :')
Well that's wholesome.
this was a great way to start my day. thank you
my stupid ass was trying to find the volume control to turn it up
I'm not crying your crying!
I'm not crying, it's just been raining, on my face. 
Aww
Make me cry at work...
Yay!! So wonderful!! So mamy ways!!!
This reminds me of my elementary school janitor, a Vietnam veteran. The whole whole school lined up and cheered on his last day of work there.
Instant tears. To see children learning sign language is something, but see them put it to such compassionate use is tear jerking 
Expected to 'hear' the kids singing for a moment, and then realized, wait it's exactly what the custodian would have experienced. 
We need more of these kinds of thing in the news!! That guy looks legit thrilled about this!
I wanna fuckin cry fam...
I'm not fucking crying, YOURE CRYINGGG
Yo that’s wholesome as fuck
No shit here, it made my eyes wet.

How sweet.
It warms my heart to see the expression in the man's face.

&#x200B;
My dad is a custodian too and he loves his job, it's great seeing this. 🥰
These never fail to make me happy. What wonderful teachers these ladies are! 
We don’t deserve custodians 😭😭😭😭
❤️❤️❤️ beautiful 
This actually made me start crying. This is one of the best things I've EVER seen on this subreddit.
[deleted]
I cant hear anything bro
Reddit needed this today. 
MY HEART

my emotions
Why cant the news show this as much as they show the hate and anger they want you to see?

The fact that this made me tear up is sad. This should make me so happy, it did, but I wish I could feel that more often. I'm tired of being angry.
Those are some awesome teachers.
Me: I’ll just have a quick peek at reddit during my downtime at work 
Boss: what’s wrong?? Why are you crying!
Really?!? Isn't it a little early to choke me up with somerhing like this?
As the son of a retired Janitor, that would've made his year. 
The sound isn't working. :/
I feel that two things are inevitable in elementary school: Someone smears shit on the bathroom wall and everyone loves the custodian. 
IF YOU DONT THANK YOUR ~~BUS DRIVER~~ CUSTODIAN YOURE A RACIST
**Awwwww, how nice. That's sweet.**
Why do people never post the video with sound
Is there sound for this?
Why is there no sound?
Imma cry famz
Stop making my allergies make my eyes water up, you bastards.
nah im not crying, one of the kids must be cutting onions or something.
I read the title, then immediately paused the video to try and turn the sound on.

Ill be ok...
My father is a lead custodian and has the kindest heart of anyone I know! He works at an elementary school and takes his job seriously for the well-being of the students and staff. He never judges a soul, but he also never allows bullying or disrespect of any kind. He loves interacting with the kiddos, and each year he looks forward to surprising his co-workers with Christmas gifts. He expects nothing in return for his kindness. He does his work thoroughly, enjoys getting top-scores on all of his inspections, and spends plenty of time outside of work with my special needs brother and disabled mother. I adored having my father with me during my elementary school years. I saw him as a protector, and he was always super nice to my friends and classmates too.  I still adore him now that he's ready for retirement. I don't think he will ever lose his dedication and determination to his work! 
Can someone find me the one with sound
Videos of people shedding tears of joy or being genuinely touched by the kindness of others is my favorite thing in the internet. 
We had a custodian at my elementary school that was an amazing guy. He was nice as hell and all the kids loved him. One day our teacher was being a butch so he made a bs excuse to get us out early and gave us chocolate milk and cookies and sat and talked with us about it. He died in a car accident a few weeks later and literally the whole school cried. Rip Mr. Ray
Why doesn't the gif have sound I can't understand what they're saying
I’m not crying, you’re crying! ❤️😂❤️😂
Singing HBD to custodians is a much better trend to see go viral than trying to dance outside your moving car or waiting in a corn field dressed as a clown to scare people. 
This makes me smile. 
When I was in elementary school, like k-4th I would leave treats for the custodian who cleaned our classrooms, especially around holidays. Custodians are underappreciated, especially the ones that work in schools!
It’d be better with audio...

Yes I know I’m going to hell.

However this strange liquid started to come out of my eyes around the second loop. 
Cuts onions in sign language 
its existed for 8 hours and already has top gliding on r/aww, wow.

also very fitting that the GIF is silent.
I'm not crying! You're crying!
Turned the volume all the way up then realized the grave mistake I made Oops!
Where's the sound?
If I had a dollar for everyone saying something about the volume. I would reupload it with volume but I would lose karma or people might mistake me as a reuploader
It always makes me so happy to see schools doing nice things for janitors, and then seeing the janitor happy
Treating people like human beings, always the best way! Best teacher! 👐👐👐
When I was in elementary our custodian was awesome he remembered everyone’s name and high fived every one in the halls he was a bit wild so he fit his name perfectly (Mr.Wild)
I can't hear anything!  Can you please re-upload with sound!
I can’t get the audio to work
I love that even singing it in sign language Happy Birthday is hard for everyone to get in sync.  

Universal experiences no matter what your background or language make humankind a beautiful thing.
No volume?
OMG ! So Amazing the kids were looking happy ! 
That guy has a hell of a limp. 
Who left this bowl of onions here?
This is amazing, great to see first thing in the morning :)
A sister making a brother happy, I can dig that
This is so beautiful
That's awesome. And I hope they continue to treat their custodian with the same kindness as they grow up.
Hit me right in the feels first thing in the morning! 
Oh man I’m sobbing now this is so sweet
tears in my eyes love it.
My heart
Giving me all the feels this morning 
Too sweet!
Fucj I almost cried
His reaction makes me so happy
One of the kids accidentaly put the school on fire due to flame justsu
Why no sound?
This is a pure and beautiful thing. 
I always thought it was just my schools where the custodians were awesome people that deserved this kind of stuff. I love seeing shit like this. 
It’s fitting there’s no sound.
This is beautiful :)
This is one of the nicest things I have seen all this week. 
This is a pure and beautiful thing. 
It’s too early in the morning to be tearing up at my desk. 
This is beautiful
I laughed because the video has no sound.
Jesus, just be nice to people who deal with you, what you consume or what you throw away. How hard is that?
That head grab says it all
Is that really considered singing, or just aggressive signing. 
this video is so sad :( 
Here, have my awwpvote
How are they gonna top this one? Are kids going to do some sky writing for their janitor next time? 
I have a cold. I just woke up. I WASN'T READY 😭😭😭😭
No sound? /s
These kids half assed it.... 

Still wholesome af 
How does this not have more upvotes?! 
This is so precious 
This is the sweetest thing ever!
This was the best post to wake up to this morning 
Someone get these damn onions out of here!!!
Probably thought he was coming in to the class to clean up sick or wee and then gets a surprise like that 
Why did I expect sound wth
This is so heart warming <3
children will always bring a smile to our faces no matter the situation. I love what am seeing.
Custodians dont ever get the credit they deserve. This is very heart warming. 
We had a housekeeper in my dorm in college. Lois was a sweet elderly lady, and my suitemate and I would tap dance for her. She loved it, loved us, and we loved her. 

One of my happiest memories of college.
The feels are strong with this one.
Wow! 
I was like „this is probably way better with sound“...
This man looks like one of the sweetest custodians, he deserves this.
Did anyone else try to see if there was sound and then feel like an idiot?
As a custodian, I love this! It’s a thankless job but a moment like this makes all the crap (literal and figurative) worth it
r/wholesome
Where's the sound to this gif? Oh wait ...
I never thought I'd see anything from where I live on here! That's hickerson elementary in Coffee County. 
Yes!! More janitor appreciation posts!! 
Some of the singing is a little pitchy. But coming from kids, that makes it even cuter. Aaaawwwww....
This is the new grandpa’s and dad’s crying over gifts trend. 

Totally fine with both trends coexisting in harmony. 
This the shit i live for
Why can't I hear the sound
When did the kids learn sign language 
Tears-of-joy jutsu
His reaction is absolutely priceless!
Me and one of the custodians at my school are both metalheads, so he always asks me what I’m listening to. And since I usually sit alone at lunch he frequently talks to me about music/movies/video games and he seems like a really cool dude.
I was expecting sound, but it makes more sense this way.
I can't hear what they're singing
All the feels 
I often think I wish I could see the custodian from the small school I went to from 1st to 5th grades.  His name was Mitch and he was the nicest old black man you could EVER meet.  He gave the best hugs and I wish I could have another 35 years later.  There was only one class per grade and he knew us all.  
Very heartwarming 
In middle school I had this janitor named Mr. Stapleton. He was kind of big and gruff but also really nice. I'd always say hi to him coming into school and he'd always call me "little man." 

Don't know why but it always made my day a little bit.
This is the smile I TOTALLY NEEDED this morning.  I'm actually tearing up, watching his reaction.  Thanks for posting. 
Every viral tweet i see on twitter ends up on reddit after  few hours.
Our high school janitor got some gifts from our school and a deafening, earth-shattering cheer/applause on her last day before she retired. 
Felt like one of those "where were you?" moments around our school.

Margaret you're awesome.
Great. Now my boss wants to have a private meeting about why I'm crying at work.
A very caring act of humanity
I was set up selling antiques at an outdoor show at Jack London Square in Oakland in the 90s.

Behind my set-up was this little mini-bandstand... with enough room for maybe three guys or a barbershop quartet,  a permanent fixture (at the time anyway)

I hear something going on behind me, I turn and see that there are about a dozen little kids on the bandstand, their parents sitting in folding chairs, and some music comes on.

&#x200B;

It's R. Kelly's "I Believe I Can Fly." The kids stand there swaying and signing to it, the parents faces are beaming... I watch for a moment, and the realize I have to quickly duck into the men's room around the corner so nobody will see me burst into tears.

&#x200B;

Little kids, man. Little deaf kids getting support and love from proud happy parents... my own childhood was the total opposite, could not possibly be more opposite, maybe that has something to do with my reaction, but man... 

&#x200B;

I STILL get choked up when I hear that song because of that day... that stupid, cloying, horrible cheesy song... I see those parents and kids.
1. Try not to cry
2. cry an awful lot
They did an awful job
Made my fucking day. 
And I was annoyed because I couldn't fine the volume/sound button...
My volume isn’t working 
Can we get one with sound?
Oh my god that’s so beautiful!
I was wondering why there was no sound, but...
I love happy people
we heard it was your birthday
At my middle school the head custodian was a treasure. He remembered all of our names and was super sweet. And in high school we had lunch lady appreciation day. Everyone deserves recognition!
Now this makes me hopeful
That's actually amazing
Too bad it’s a gif so I couldn’t hear the singing
This made my day :)
Where is the sound?
/r/WatchPeopleLiveInside ?
Such a small, thoughtful act of kindness that will have such a positive impact on that janitor and the kids.
Kids are wonderful makes you smile and cry at the same time 
Beautiful 
heartwarming
Wow, no audio?
More please
That’s beautiful! These Kids are great... Glad they made his birthday a happily memorable one
My heart
r/mademesmile
Oh yea this totally made my day. Just what I needed 
One of the nicest videos I've seen in quite some time. Thank you for sharing. 
Willy doesn’t hear ya. Willy still cares. 
I love this!  I remember the custodian at my elementary school, Mr Jimmy.  Us kids treated him like a rock star and he may as well have been.  He was the nicest, funniest people I've met.  He loved all of us kids and went above and beyond every day. Thanks, Mr Jimmy.
Reddit you gotta stop making me cry this nearly dog
Great on so many levels.
Reddit you gotta stop making me cry this early dog
not sure why i felt the need to turn the volume up
There is goodness in this world. 
WHY ARE MY EYES LEAKING
When he puts his hands on his head, such pure happiness 
The people who have overcome the greatest hurdles take the most joy out of life
Turn the Volume up ay
I needed this 🙏🏾🙏🏾
my heart ♥️ 
Aww
I guess it's fitting that this video doesn't have sound. Makes for a really immersive experience. 
It's interesting to see just the change in posture.  He obviously has issues with his leg, and his posture probably suffers from it....but the moment he sees those kids, he stands up straight, smiling.  It's like he was 20 years younger for a moment.  Truly a special moment.
What an awesome thing to do, takes like 2 mins yet it will become a lifelong memory. That’s dope.
This is the beauty of what small gestures mean to someone. Hats off to the teacher and students for doing this! 
My elementary school’s custodian worked there for 20 years at the least. He was so cool. Wore leather jacket, rode his motorcycle every day, had a mullet, mustache, and still looked classy. He also gave great advice and always took time to console a crying or hurt kid. I went back there when my half brother started school and he was still there 20 years later! Gave him a hug and thanked him for the all the love he put into his work and care for the kids.
Something to the effect of "your worth is not judged you by the way you treat the people that you serve, it's judged by the way that you treat the people who serve you"
One of the most important rules for a teacher to follow is to be nice to the custodial/janitorial staff. Invite them to your holiday parties. Hook them up with snacks. Treat them with respect. If you do, they will take good care of you. If you don’t, don’t expect them to go that extra mile for you.
Um it’s not even 10am and I’m already crying
Didn’t have to play the video. Already getting feels.
Awesome!
Shit, I should probably know the Birthday of my cleaning people.
My elementary school janitor at Rohr Elementary School 1970's was Mr Dempsey. He was a nice Grandpa type, WWII vet and I would bring him treats when my mom baked. Thank you Mr Dempsey!  
this is wonderful...love still seeing signs of decent humanity. :)
Being loved and appreciated by children might be the most pure unfiltered love there is.
Love how some of the kids are like me trying to do YMCA:

IT'S GOOD TO BE A THE [something, something, wave hands around randomly]... A!!!
I crye
There's hope for humanity yet. Things like this make me sure of it.
heart-warming; kudos to the teacher and those great kids
Do they teach SL in all schools? I was taught SL at school.
No sound on this video. Can you re-upload? 
I love it
Thank you for that
But I can't hear them sing.. Oh.
Thank you OP for calling them Custodians. My mother was one and when some student asked for a 'Janitor' she would say "there are no Janitors. I don't know if you'll find any Janitors around here." 
Awww so sweet. 
Cryin 
Holyshit the world is beautiful!!!
This could be a very beautiful moment in a film. 
tath is awesome
What is this wetness around my eyes? The fuck?
This made my decade 
Custodians are unsung heroes. 
Video with sound??
What seems to be the problem with custodian's walking ? 
Where's the volume?
Ah man, I remember my janitor from elementary school. Every kid thought he was the coolest 
Fuck i love these videos. I remember when I was a freshman my school was teying to move Larry, this really cool janitor to another school so we all signed a petition to keep him so he stayed! He was so happy.
Reminds me of the comic where one parent says to do well in school or be a janitor; the other parent says do well in school and make the world better for them.

The first thing I do when I take a teaching position is find custodial and office staff and get to know them. They deserve respect and have secret powers--like the power to fast-track requests. 
This is awesome!! 
I can't keep crying at the office with this videos... 
In a world that sometimes seems filled with monsters and evil, it's good to remember that there are teachers, kids with kind hearts, and others, who will reach out and make sure everyone feels love and gets included in the community. 
thank you op for blessing us this morning 
What I would give to have the silent Happy Birthday song go mainstream.  It almost makes it bearable for everyone.
Ima cry this is so cute
My heart is so warm now
First thing I saw when I opened up Reddit today. Truly started my day with wholesomeness, thank you 
This is a fantastic lesson to teach kids. Appreciate and respect those who work for you and/or work to make your lives better.
I thought he was wearing a fake taxi tshirt
This is the most heartwarming video, I have ever seen. 
Made my day. <3
Reminds me of Fonzie on Happy Days, learning how to sing Happy Birthday to his hard of hearing girlfriend, and Richie teaches him some ASL!

[Happy Born Day To You!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LGHwtVCqSwc) - Henry Winkler, master of his craft.
I hope “make grand gestures to your custodian” is the new “thank your bus driver”. 
A grown man cries. 
Aww, I bet his whole day just shined after that. 
I adore this. Thanks for sharing!
Is there a link with sound for this?
This is the sweetest thing.
I cannottt!!! So beautiful! Things like this makes me so damn happy
Would better with sound.
This would be better with audio. 
My faith in humanity has been restored for another day😊
My heart....
This brings tears to my eyes, so sweet 
I put my headphones on to hear the sound...
This is just beautiful
This Is The Best Video Ever
Dam I thought the video was going to have sound.
By hit gait and left hand, wondering does he have Cerebral Palsy or had a stroke as well?
I needed this today. 💖
me: why is there no sound?
me: ...
me: oh
My dumbass turn up the volume to hear the kids sing in sign language...

God I need sleep. But I enjoyed this so there is that. 
Am I the only one here who, for a second, was looking for the sound button?...
MAKE HIM CRY!!!! DO IT, CHILDREN!!! DO IT!!!!!
How precious. 
Ok, who else thought “oh hey, I can’t hear it”?
How did they sing in sign language?
I put my volume up :( dumbass moments 
That is adorable 
Bless him
*Deaf 
awwesome
r/noisygifs
 this man would be very happy, all those children love him! 
Reddit3.13.2.219433 My
In elementary school I always loved the custodian! Mr. Ken! He was THE MAN! I'm not sure why, but all the kids loved him. He was just an average, nice dude but all the students treated him like a hero. One time a bunch of kids put tar all over the playset and I stayed after school to keep him company cleaning it. Mom was really mad because I didn't check in... And got covered in tar. Glad he didn't get in trouble!
This is tier two of thanking the busdriver
But why is there no volume?
That probably made this man’s year! 
Love this.
Proof that sweetness still exists. 
This is the nicest thing I’ve ever seen thanks op
Got shit in my eyes again. 
Protect these custodians at all costs
Take my hearttttt omg
si372usvabajajahs822 im fcrying so hardf
We are capable of really beautiful things
Made my day
This is just so awesome... Faith in humanity restored!
Don’t know why i expected this to have sound.... 
When our custodian drove our band a few hours away (for free, he insisted we didn't pay him) we tried to be nice and my music teacher paid for his hotel room. He paid her back anyway. JUST ACCEPT OUR KINDNESS AND $140!
That's awesome
Needed this today..
Perfect timing to get off reddit. Thanks to pinko. This was absolutely beautiful.
Beautiful 
This is beautiful
Love this! Made my day.
Someone once told me to imagine sign language was actually just gang signs and I haven’t been the same since. 
Soooo cute!!! Precious!! 😀😀😀😀😀
The asynchronous way they are signing looks like what it would sound like if they were actually singing.
My mom’s a custodian at a highschool and it means the world to them when people do small things like say hi, or acknowledge them. They work so hard moving desks and tables and waxing floors and cleaning the building. Some assholes piss on the floors, shit on the floor, put cans in the toilet and shit on it. People can be real assholes and they’re the unsung heroes of the workplace. So when you see a custodian just say thanks for what they do, you’ll see it means a lot to people like them.
I can make the blood gang sign
This is beautiful 
I didn't hear anything.
My highschool had 3 janitors, one of them was my aunt so I got to know them well, they joked that they all preferred to be called custodial engineers, that legitimately made me rethink everything about 'janitors', now I only call them custodial engineers
So sweet!! 
Does someone have sound? I can't hear a thing. 
Reminds me of our custodian at my elementary school.  "Mac" always had a big smile, never had a cross word to say.  We all adored him but I am sure he is long gone by now.  He brought so much joy to so many kids.
Need the sound fixed on this video, I can't hear anything. 
r/mademesmile
[removed]
Wasn’t planning on crying till at least noon but here I am 
this is awesome
Anybody got the video with sound?

This is how you make a grown man cry in front of children 
What is a custodian? Think they are called something else where I live? (Scotland)
I’m not crying you are! (I actually generated tears watching this)
I was about to turn up the sound in the video... then I remembered.
Best part is most of those kids will always remember how to sign this. 
Would have been better if the video had audio.
Even subtitles or something.
My father is a custodian and he has worked at several schools and it’s just so wholesome when he gets letters from students thanking him.
Funeral yesterday...wasn't supposed to cry today.  I'll take it, though. =)
Jesus that kid in the back is waaaaaaay off key
Lol his hands on his hips

*well I'll be damned*
I'm not crying, you're crying. 
This reminds me of the handyman in The Hand That Rocks The Cradle. The one who rode a bike everywhere. 
AWWWW!! this is so sweet! im really in tears!! God bless them all
I love this! My grandpa was a school janitor and my grandma was a waitress, it’s the people with the thankless jobs who are always the kindest and most hardworking. 
My heart... has melted 
Everyone deserves being sung to on their birthday! 
Version with sound?
I'm not crying you are
I was going to ask for a version with sound, but I realized I don’t think it would actually matter...
This is why I love Reddit. Right in the feels!
A happy and excited custodian usually seems to indicate happy and excited kids and teachers.
Where is the sound?!
What does a custodian do? 
This warms my heart. 
That's beautiful
w h o l e s o m e
I think it's suitable that this video has no sound 
Some of those kids aren't even doing anything lmao and some of the ones that are just haphazardly doing shit with their hands until it's time to point
my god.  This wins the internet today, and my heart.  I'M NOT CRYING YOU'RE CRYING!
At first i was like “huh, weird that theres no audio” and then i realized
There’s no sound.  Source?


This is the most wholesome shit
This is awesome
My sister just got accepted into a masters program for speech pathology this morning, this is gonna make her day even better.
I'm not crying. You're crying.
It's only 8 in the morning and you've just made me cry most of my daily tears. 

This video, and the one about the terminally ill babies. 

Jesus christ reddit, help me save some tears for the rest of my terrible day!
omg stawp!   too early to cry. !!
It's only 8 in the morning and you've just made me cry most of my daily tears. 

This video, and the one about the terminally ill babies. 

Jesus christ reddit, help me save some tears for the rest of my day!
I'm browsing reddit drunk and at first glance this looked like they dabbed on him sorry
This is great. I try to get to know everyone's name at work because I don't want them to feel left out or not acknowledged. I mean some of my coworkers don't know the name of the guy (Chris) who empties their trash cans everyday and it's like a pet peeve of mine.
Oh... well I'm gonna cry. 
This was so cute :) 
This made me smile...
Sound?
That's the good stuff
Ok, but who was singing the loudest?
These kind of videos always bring a tear to my eye.
This is so precious. 
As a school caretaker I love all of these videos ! Makes my heart smile.
What an awesome surprise!
This makes me so happy I feel like it’s MY birthday!
Plot twist- janitor never learned sign language! JK, this is truly great to watch and heartwarming af
This makes me feel good 
What’s a custodian?
This made water drip out  of. my eyes. My son is hearing impaired. Thank you  sweet teacher and sweet children. You made my day. Karma to you.
Is this the new thank your bus driver
Growing up in a deaf household these type of videos always get to me... good on this teacher.
No audio? Oh wait...

Great video, stuff like this makes me happy<3 and I hope these kids will keep thanking custodians and other works because they deserve recognition :D
This restores my faith in the world!!
This is so sweet Arduno play despacito,
Actually plays Megalavania like a boss
Nooo!!
Why didn't you upload a video with sound? 
This is beautiful
Now this is wholesome. 
God, kindness is such a wonderful thing.  
I feel so bad for all those people who live day to day with hate, fear and animosity in their hearts. 
A video. https://youtu.be/bvWaYMgmWoo

I just picked one I didn't check who uploaded it first. Thought you'd guys enjoy sound. 
I hate it when people don't upload videos with the sound on
What a nice thing to wake up too! Love it
During Jr High and High school, I had the honor to know school custodian's who sort of doubled as psych counselors and generally good advisors on how to live in the real world.  The door to the 'janitor closet' was always open, and there was always and empty chair and a willing ear.  And sometimes a bucket of the nasty stuff used to clean up puke too.
Where's the audio?
That's awesome.Bet that made his day.
Things I've learned since high school. Always make friends with the janitorial staff, it becomes a mutually beneficial relationship that will save both your butts more times then you care to count. 
Where is the version with audio?
It’s amazing little gestures like these that keep me from feeling totally defeated by the current state of the world. Love this so much.
This is the best thing. <3 This teacher really taught them a valuable lesson. His reaction is adorable!
Is there no sound for this video?
We need sound.
IM NOT CRYING, IM NOT CRYING
Just beautiful
watched this in public and STILL almost cried
I'm at work why u do dis to me
The kid in the front in the red tee shirt clearly had no idea what was happening and just waved his arms around until he got to the pointing part 
I put my sound on smh 🤦‍♀️ 
Related story. One of my nieces is deaf. We went for her 3rd or 4th birthday. Most of her friends at the birthday party were also deaf. Now when the cake cutting was gonna happen I was talking to some relative, and before I could start clapping based on whenever I hear the usual “ Happppppppyy birthdayyyyyy....” the thing was over. I got confused as to what just happened and then I realized, these kids sang in ASL, and obviously didn’t clap because they don’t have to make clapping sound and more obviously their hands were busy signing Happy Birthday in sign language. Long story short, I felt happy for my deaf niece after I realized that she has her own cute little world with friends who love her a lot.

Even after watching this video, I felt the something similar. First I wished it had sound but then I realized that these are people from my niece’s cute little world.

I need this with sound because I can't hear the song
just woke up and reddit has me crying why???
" look at deez lil crackas throwing gang signs. They make me so proud"
If this doesn’t tug at your heartstrings, you’re dead inside
This is beautiful ❤️
[deleted]
Jesus... this hit me hard. It’s really beautiful when people do things like this for other people. It restores faith in humanity for a few moments. 
I had the sound off. Was they all in sync
My dad was an elementary school principal at 5 or 6 schools when i was growing up - his best friend was always the janitor.

In fact now that im thinking about it when he changed schools he always took his secretary and janitor with him.
They were like part of our family
What are the green numbers with a diamond next to the gold marker on this post?
Where's the sound? 
Why did I expect sound in this video? o\_O
Ok i love life again
Made my morning. Thank you.
These beautiful damn custodian videos just make me tear up so hard. The love! It’s PALPABLE!!
Beautifully adorable. Happy birthday.
I'm not crying, stupid
Kids again for the win
Sobbing at the gym. For the first time not bc of the damn stairmaster.
opposite of /r/noisygifs?
All the school custodians who aren't getting kid parties these days are feeling pretty bad. 
this is so beautiful 
The real MVP 
This is beautiful
I swear someone just cut 50 lbs of onions near me or something
Why can’t I upvote this more than once?
Long may this appreciation of janitor trend continue. I want them honored alongside soldiers at sporting events soon!
Thanks for this. I heard the story on the radio and said he was blind. I had a lot of questions. 
That kind of news keeps my hope for humanity afloat. 
Is it insensitive to ask for a link with sound?
Glad to see kids are treating cleaning personnel better these days, atleast some anyway.  My granddad was a janitor at a school and every day kids would smear shit on the walls and purposely piss on the floor and sometimes they would get creative and shit in the sink. That's why i refuse to accept contracts with schools now, they pay more usually but the work is 10 times harder because of kids not understanding how to keep their enviroment clean and they don't understand another person has to clean up what they don't. Schools are the quickest way to get employees to quit because it's too much, so i just don't accept their contracts.
Lol looks like it's a new trend to see which elementary school can get the most likes being nice to their custodian. Is it just me, or does recording a kind act subtracts a significant amount of genuineness?
something something Sony something something copyright claim.
Thats amazing! 
We never amounted to this but everyone loved our custodian back in elementary school
This is awesome, I bet this made his day.
Can we get the video with audio?
My grandpa was also a deaf custodian - this is really special 
So amazing and cute. However Really should have blurred the kids faces. Unless all of their parents signed consent forms. I feel like people do not take into account privacy in or modern age. 
I’d die 
This is so wholesome I am actually crying. A post has never done this to me before 
It took me a second to figure out why this video had no sound..
That's it. I got my sunshine for the day. Bugging off before Reddit takes dark turn on me.
👐
I’d like to see a version of this with sound
This made me fuzzy. Might've teared up a bit. 
Custodians are some of the nicest people I’ve met. 
I can't lie. I was kinda hoping his reaction stayed the same, but they were all giving him the finger.
Where's the sound?
Why do all these custodian vids gotta make me cry? I didn’t ask for this damnit.
Is there an audio version?
nani?! what jutsu is this?
this is the cutest shit i’ve ever seen
This is fucking beautiful. 
This is just amazing 😄
So beautiful! Love all the custodian appreciation posts recently.
The greatest thing.
Wish this video had sound
More of this stuff, please. 
One of the reasons I started taking ASL was because I was going to be a traveling nurse. I never did, but I did continue with ASL.

I wanted to travel the US and help those who weren't understood. To help those who needed support in hospitals that couldnt give them enough attention.

My professor who taught me ASL told me those who are Deaf/hearing impaired have issues with hospitals because they dont feel properly represented. Since then whenever I'm working it always makes my day knowing I can help someone in ASL. Its never expected and it brings a big smile to their face.
How come there’s no sound?
Is it wrong that i turned my volume up
Amazing such a nice thing to do 
r/humansbeingbros
This warmed my heart so much 
I'm too drunk to watch. Too many feels 
This really brightened up my morning.
Wholesome
r/kidsarefuckinglegends
Is this what thanking the bus driver has evolved into? I don't know where I am anymore.
Why isn’t there any sound?? Oh..
I’m not crying, you’re crying. 
