The dad pillow
10 years and this guys expression hasn’t changed one bit
New shelves, nice.
This made me smile. The simple things in life are often the best things. 
Cat face dodging both photos like a pro. 
My twelve year old still snuggles me like this, it is legit one of the best things in my life. I'm happy this man has that too.

:edit:

Thanks for all the replies everyone, I'm glad others get to experience this as well. I have 2 kids, a 2 year old as well, but he is not snuggly at all. 
The cat turned into a potato.
When you’ve had to pee for 10 years but the dog hasn’t moved off your lap and you can’t bear to  disturb him... 
She's definitely his daughter judging by their facial expressions
It’s crazy that besides the girl growing up, not much changed.
Just like I tell my son:

"You will always be my baby"
Wait I swear the guy got younger wth
I don't know why this makes me sad but it does, in a sweet way. Time is one relentless marcher on-er.
They had a puppy and a newborn at the same time. Hardcore.
Lol looks like my dad, surrounded by animals and kids. 
Hope those pets live for 10 more years. 🤞🤞🤞
Why does 2008 have to be a decade ago? 

“Ticking away the moments that make up a dull day, fritter and waste the hours in an off hand way. Kicking around a piece of ground in your home town waiting for someone or something to show you the way
Tired of lying in the sunshine, staying home to watch the rain. You are young and life is long, and there is time to kill today. Then one day you find, 10 years have got behind you. No one told you when to run. You missed the starting gun. “-Time, Pink Floyd.  

Not directing these lyrics toward this family. The image just made me think of the song and how beautiful a gift life is. Cherish every moment, really live in it. When you find a moment you really appreciate, take a breath and smell the air. Take a mental picture of your surroundings, close your eyes and match the scent with the image. Hold on to the special moments because they are here, then they aren’t. 
How fast they grow, its so nice to see a dog with the baby to grow up with, i bet she had an amazing childhood with that dog.
Living the dream! Enjoy the moment
Relationship-with-any-family-member goals: check.
Adorbs ☺️
Her legs are really long from this angle though, like rivaling the dog long!
This is such an adorable pair of pictures! 
I see a picture of a well contented man.  And his lovely daughter.
Ten years, it’s like a blink of an eye... 
This man got iron knees, dog weight at least 40lb?
Dad is popular
What a gorgeous family :)
Level 10 dad stuff right there.

My damn millennial kids are all grown up with jobs and shit now, one of them's even got a husband, and I never get to cuddle anymore.

I'm here to tell y'all that being a dad and having a daughter that thinks you are cool enough to snuggle with on the couch is one of the best feelings any human can experience.  Not kidding at all.
The man's got an ass-groove.  I can respect that.
Easily the most wholesome thing I’ve seen in a long time
My wife and I are trying to get pregnant and this is exactly why for me.
[deleted]
The good life.
Thats what i call a binge watching  problem
It almost seems like this isn’t an intentional replication of the old photo. It looks like this is something that has happened quite often in those 10 years
Life is good.
As usual the cat got younger
So cute and warm!
This is a man with a rich life. 
Its more saddening to me,knowing that the dog n cat are not gonna be there in a few years for the daughter to grow up with.....its bittersweet actually.Fuck going to Mars...somebody make dogs n cats live longer.
That man has it all.
Notice how we lost weight and they gain em. Lol
[deleted]
Still cuddling his babies
I hope my little girl is still as snuggly with me when she's 10. 
dude is living the dream.
Damned cat shrunk.
This is too cute!
Aww beautiful family.
This is beautiful. You are a lucky man.
What a hero.
oh man. what life is all about. 💜
I love this
Such a sweet pic
What a great dad ❤️
#lifegoals
10 years. Talk about binge watching
I want a parent
Still look depressed 
asian john oliver looks miserable 
He looks very happy 
Congrats on the weight loss!
Glad to see the kid doesn't need the cage anymore.
Nice famlily
That's adorable
The cat is finally starting to warm up to him. 
The daddy looks thinner but the doggie looks fatter. I know who he loves best. (Seriously tho hope he’s well). 
That facial expression and hairline sums up fatherhood well.
Someone help them! Why have they all been stuck on the couch for so long!?!?
A dad that loves all his kids, the furry ones and the furless ones. 
You can tell this man is quality!
Blessed and content. The best things in life 
Storage is a wonderful thing.
Full of love 
Congrats on the weight loss!
Hanging out with your daughter and a few snacks never gets old
I like to think this picture isn't pre planned and it's just mom snapping a pic.  It makes me feel happy.  I like them. 
Dad actually looks about the same.  The daughter, however, looks like she's aged a good ten years.
That girl's legs are growing faster than the rest of her.
My dad is great but I never did this with him. I wish I had. It seems too late now. He'd probably still appreciate it.
Lucky man
The man still not amused lol.
This guy is aging backwards but every one around him is aging normal. 
This is it, I've found it.... The purest picture in the world
Everything changes but no the face of this guy.
He sacrificed his own hair to give it to the others 
You’ve been sitting on that couch for 10 years?!
Her legs are so loongg
See, guys? You don't all have to go bald as soon as you start getting a  receeding hairline. This guy has gone ten years and is still looking fine. Ignore Jim Cantore and just leave it alone.
You seem incredibly rich. Congrats! 
Congratulations man!
可爱死了
Do you think the cage in the first photo belonged to the dog or cat, or was there some third party in that house which unfortunately is not with them anymore in the second picture ? Like a hamster, a guinea pig or something like that...
This guy is living his best life
You all grew toghether as a true family! 
I lost my dad one year and 8 months ago and this picture makes my heart very happy. Lucky girl, I hope she has him for a long, long time to come. 
Damn, he looks so tired :(
Fuck, 2008 was 10 years ago.
This makes me so happy ❤️
10 years of dead arms, not being able to go for a pee and hoping for silence so they all rest but the greatest achievement in a man's life.
Sweet!
[deleted]
The impressive thing is how much the couch grew up. 
You look so happy.....
awesome
I hope that in five years my daughter will still want cuddles
So cute
That's one long tv show
Most of the time I think about how shitty it must be to be married and have kids. But then I see photos like this, and can't help but wonder how amazing it must feel to be posted up on the couch like this after a long day at work. 
fact that 2008 was 10 years ago bothers me :(
Even asian’s *pets* don’t age. 
Perfect Dad form
looks exausted
Just a few more years and he'll be through the Lord Of The Rings trilogy
She outgrew her cage. 
Looks like he lost weight though so that’s a good change 
Same t shirt and shorts
Glad to see the kid doesn't need the cage anymore.
I like that the cat shifted a little closer 😸
Simple question things beautiful memories😍
Hey great job you finally realized that storage solutions do help.
2008 was 10 years back. Well.
Everyone loves him. Still has an adorable realtionship with his baby girl. Seems like high chances of good fella. 10/10. I like it. 
He's lost weight. Good on him
This man hasn’t cracked a smile in 10 years.
Were they watching game 3 of the World Series? 
This just makes me so happy
She is absorbing his energy or he lost weight while she grew up
That must be a long movie.
The daughter has her dad’s blank expression. 
Some say he's still there now...
asian family with a new couch within 10 yrs of each other would you look at that
This guys cuddle game is strong.
Even the bedside table grew older
That's the kind of stability I want in life...
BEGON HAIR
Looks like he's still not happy with what's on tv. 
Goddamn! He's been holding that position for 10 years?
What a wonderful life you must live. I remember those days, and relive those times with my grandkids.
I love that the couch changed, but they made sure to maintain the spot for the cat. Heart warming! 
All of these comments about people loving their kids, it's wrecking me. I don't have kids yet but I hope one day my fiance and I will be as warm and kind as this post. 
They need to get up and stretch. Sitting there for 10 years couldn’t have been good for their backs.
 Glad to see his daughter outgrew the cage 
They never got up from that spot in ten years!!!
I love this :)
Dude looks broken 
Dang he must be watching something real great if he hasn't gotten up in 10 years
That is not the same dog.
Still watching same show I see 
I think this is him...?
https://petapixel.com/2011/05/11/the-man-with-1000-instant-cameras/
And as she continues to get older you'll continue to lose even more hair.  I have four daughters.  Pretty much completely bald now that they're grown.  God bless. 
By far the hardest thing to orchestrate was the cat being even remotely in the right place
Where is the bird? 
Aww man this picture makes me sad. It just shows the affection I never had as a kid from my own. He’s a good guy of course and worked a lot to provide but there was no contact. We hug each other rarely and when we do it’s like I hug a stranger. Actually, I’ve had warmer hugs from strangers.  Now I realize this might be why I have daddy issues lol 

...great now I’m crying 
https://imgur.com/a/V0tGWx7
In 10 years that dude just lost weight and got a haircut but otherwise looks the same.
Man that guy really shrunk
r/mademesmile
Awwwwww
Everyone looks exhausted 
/r/PastAndPresentPics 
Damn, that guy ages well.
I live this pic so much.  I'd have never thought anything of it five years ago.  
So wholesome
The first panels guy looks like one of the generic Heart of Iron 4 portraits
That guy looks better after 10 years
Look at the drawers, look at that now visible floor! Look at this man flexin on us and nobody even realizes
Nice 
I wanna cry 😭😭😭😭. So touching 
That is one long movie marathon.....
Dude looks like he's aged a decade!
After 10 years he still looks pissed off
Wow. I thought 2008 was just 2 years ago. 
I'm glad he was able to afford compartiment storages.
your dog still looks young !
You lost some weight, looking good!  She gained a lot of weight though...
Hong Kong?
Aww
Why do you look younger in the latter
u/levi_ding
u/levi_ding
That man is a true king. 
The guy looks good and he has a cute family. Lot to be happy about.
Now I want a Dog, Cat and daughter
 Anyone else who did not see the dog
Time waits for no man...but sometimes a dog, a cat and a daughter will stick around 😊
Lovely
But in the old picture the wall comes in at a right angle to the guys right
Well he lost weight instead of gaining! Props to him! Really funny pic though haha
That's a looooong program they're watching, damn!
Looks like dad got in shape 
Wow OP, you really shrunk
How is shopping at the IKEA’s in China? I work for them here in Texas and I’m curious how the “Swedishness” is recieved. The place in the (newer) pic seems to be entirely furnished from us, so you seem to have recieved it well.
He's such a good daddy, everyone wants to be with him.  Hell, I want to cuddle up there, too!
Livin the life there buddy!! 
Ugh there's humans in this picture. 

/s

Kidding aside, it makes me sentimental about my own kids (some grown).
He looks happier
Daddy’s girl 
Beautiful pic
Is that the little creep from the scammy PC-Matic commercials?
What Breed is that dog 
Nice concept..
A puppy and a baby at the same time? You’re a hero!
good
It seems to me that what we are inwardly today we will be so in the future. People don't change inwardly at all because they are still conditioned by attachment possesiveness and self interest which has been for centuries the travail of mankind.
Inevitable inward change can only come to one who dies to the self the ego that thing that keeps us conditioned.
What he was 10 years ago he still is apart from the biological.
Looks like that dog is about to abruptly stand up and crush your balls 
The cat looks the same 
I like this . Snapshots of simple moments.
I love pics like these
**10** years and that guy is still bored
Big Dad Energy 
This is so wholesome.
The quality of the picture and furniture  changed 
Underrated life goal. 
Everyone seems a bit more unhappy in the second picture
This is beautiful.
This is winning at life.
Your dad grew old a bit
He looks bare chill
So beautiful view
That dog stole all of his hair.
This is absolutely beautiful 
I like how the clicker is in the same spot too. 
Omg precious
The cat’s paw 😭💕
*IKEA Intensifies*
That’s a man who has it all. 
They've been sitting on that sofa for a long time 
Consistency! Something you don't see very often today! lol
This proves it, cats are demons and don't age unless they choose to.
The 2008 picture looks more like 1998
10 yrs and he still hasn’t painted that wall. 
❤
I clicked on this picture while listening to Remember Me from Coco and it's too much.
Hairline looks the same, it's just the forehead that's gotten larger.
❤
Cat like never change~😏
he turned into ari shaffir WOW
Beautiful
I love this
The weight he lost, the newborn found
i am sad for mister dogo. he doesn't look so good.
How long is this film?!
Dad looks younger now than he did ten years ago!
😔
Cat is still alive, wow
Legit life goals here
He gained a remote control  
That's a cuddle pile right there. Those are the best piles 
Cats have clearly found the secret to not aging. 
Cat got fat
I didn't even see the dog at first until I noticed the crate missing in the 2nd pic!
Ermuhgod! Yasss!
Maximum comfort 
I miss sitting like that on my dad. 
the best part is that nobody from the first picture is missing in the second
Except hair density, that guy didn't changed at all. 
So many more pixels!
I love it how wholesome asian familys are. Kendama familys especially
That made me aww so hard
I’m pretty impressed by the match actually. Most if not all the furniture has changed.
His daughter's hairstyle looks like Ichigo's from darling in the franxx
That man is the cuddlemaster
So sweet! Wonderful father’s day gift!
some say they're still sitting like that to this day...
I love tollers, they're such good dogs!!
Look how happy he is now!
And the dog and cat still haven't let him stand up!
The remote hasn't moved very far either
If he's anything like my dad he's probably wearing the same pair of shorts.
Is this Chris Yeh?
Dam I really miss my pops 
Damn... dude aged well for a decade. 
Kitty has apparently absorbed the Dad’s weight. 
I can’t believe they were stuck there for 10 years.
There Will Be Blood sure is a long movie. 
10 good years it seems
Everybody Loves Daddy. ❤️
Must be watching gone with the wind. 
He did not age 😀
Cuddle Master.
brb gotta call my dad :')
You, you... Lost weight as a dad? How?
I miss snuggling up to mum. If I do it now, there's a 50% chance she'll say something that will make me feel shit about my life. I miss being a kid, where the most scathing thing I could hear is about how I need to play on the computer less... 
Why are my eyes watering?! Doesn’t anybody fucking dust in here?! 
Damn they’ve been sitting there for a long time must be a good show 
The next 10 year picture.. :(
I strike this same pose often. Sans cat, though. Keep it up Dad! 
What a wholesome
At first I thought this was a weight loss transformation pic looking good homie
Why post the same picture twice ;)
Wow... His hair grew back into his head! WTF!!!!!
The dog became the shorts
He looks so tired from not moving for 10 years.
He looks like he hasn’t moved an inch.
The only thing that got smaller was his hair
I’ve forgotten how many times I’ve seen this pic in Reddit
So much has changed and I love it.
How’d you not age?! 
Oh man
That dog is the biggest baby sitting on his lap like that 
Best Dad
How old is that cat?
It’s 2018 and she is still a little kid? This is ridiculous. 

Just being ridiculous myself, obviously. Great post. Hell yeah!
This guy knows how to obey the Pet Rule. 
That looks like a 10 years pretty well spend.
Sweet😊
Legend says he's still on that couch.
This is beautiful!
Cuddle pile!
Cute picture. Though is that kid going to real tall if she is like 10-12? Looks only a bit shorter than pops in the picture.
fucking 10 years and the cat is now as small as 10 years before 
what a lazy piece
He lost a little weight, others gained
Is it me or does this guy look younger now?
“I’ve had to pee for soooo long”
Awwwwwwe
Congrats on the new storage system. 
One of the few days to have *lost* weight in that time. Fair play OP, for not letting yourself go.
Honestly he aged really well
The title of this photo is "Happiness".
I feel loke thats how much time passes after I take to big of a dab.
This guy has life figured out
He looks 10 years younger now
Cat got smaller
Great dad +5000
This is absolutely adorable 
Didn't they have a photoset of every year in between?
He sat there for 10 entire years? That's dedication right there.
Awesome pics.
Boss Dad!
Nothing changed yet somehow everything changes.
GOALS 
That’s so cool!
That man is smothered in love.
Going to sleep with a smile on my face :)
The hair on that baby is the cutest thing in the whole incredibly cute photo 
I just peeped that 2008 wasn't that far away
Love it how everything in the background changes. But the persons are still there :)
The dog and him switched diets
Them knees must be shot.
What a chill guy.
Gave up on the cage.
You lost weight. Congrats
He got a haircut
Proves that depression can last a long time 
homeboy just lost a little hair (still rad) and got better lighting lol
This is a quintessential representation of what it means to have pets.....and of course a lovely daughter!
Wow, the dad looks much healthier now!
❤️❤️❤️❤️👍🏻😘😘👍🏻
u/mariibariie
That's the expression of a man that has seen one too many things at IKEA.
She's so cute!
Waaaaaaah
A good Dad can make all the difference. 

Keep up the good work. 

She's a lucky girl.
So cute
What is he watching? The answer may surprise you. Join us tonight to find out
The whole family's still together <3
How did he get younger
Man, this guy gets all of the snugs. Every single one.
This guy still looks like he doesn't give a shit about all these
Dad lost some weight. Plz take care of dad 
That is truly precious. 
He got a filing cabinet
Beastmaster
I miss my dad :"(
Dad goals!
Awww, that is super cute :)
I wonder what they're watching.
He looks good too, looks like he lost some weight 
These are true life goals 
r/mademesmile 
How to family.
http://www.icepop.com/family-identical-photos-10-years/
The cat never moved from the couch shoulder 
what ties it together is that mellow look on his face
Beautiful photo I wish somebody clicked mine too 
He lost weight epic!!
I strive to be this dad, you're an inspiration 
Dad went on a diet. Nicely done! 
This is Beautiful 😍 ❤️
i love this!!!
He lost weight, but didn't age
Man, must be something really good on TV.
Great family photo!
Couldn’t imagine having a newborn baby and deciding it was a perfect time to also get a puppy. Juggling the two must have been super tough for awhile. 
This is so lovely.
#Praise be to the newest Champion of Reddit, u/likeallstuff!

[Let us not forget the Champions of yore...](https://www.reddit.com/r/ChampionsOfReddit/)
You aged well
Everything has changed except the love. 
This is why I want to be a dad, that moment
RKS Shirt?? 
: )
This just depresses me.
Proof you can keep stuff alive. 👍👍
Times have changed
Same dog?
The older you get, believe it or not, time seems to move faster. I remember my wonderful Mom and Dad like it was yesterday and that was a long time ago.. Count each day as a blessing and saver it.. Linger in it because those who can are the luckiest people in the world...  
Not much has changed for him, yet she has lived a lifetime.
What kinda psycho gets a young cat and puppy and has a baby at the same time 
And in another ten years, alone on couch with wife taking an empty photo.
RIP birb
[deleted]
OMG I didn’t even see the dog at first❣️🤪
10 years and everyone still bored 😂
Have none of them moved from that spot in 10 years?
This is a very long 10yo kid. 
The dad looks younger 10 years later.
Hey guys i dont know if its the right place to ask it but i have a male cat, 1 years old and i also want a dog in future. How do we make them friends you know they dont like each other at first. 
Third time looking at the photo and I finally see the dog everyone is looking at. I thought it was a blanket. Guess it's eye check up time.
How long does a cat stay alive ?
Where’s the dog???

https://reddit.com/r/rarepuppers/comments/9rui07/10_years_ago_and_now/
that moment when you realize there is dog as well
[removed]
A man provides
That couch looks so uncomfortable.

EDIT: DOWNVOTE ME ALL YOU WANT YOU KNOW IT’S TRUE
This cured my cancer
Now that takes Netflix & Chill to new heights
Looks like this guy is enjoying his life as much as hid did 10 years ago
[deleted]
You’re telling me that girl is 10? She looks like she’s 16-17
[deleted]
[removed]
Real thoughts. 10 more years and he'd probably be alone.
He looks sadder now. :c thats sad
/r/thisismylifenow
HOW DID THE CAT SHRINK
He's still dead inside
[removed]
Lap it up mate, because soon she'll blame you for everything wrong in her life lol
The man's face looks like he just gave up on life. 
He’s got maybe three more years of that left then she fucking hates you and wishes you’d just get out of her room. 
A lot of good progress!

Except for the hair
[deleted]
This man is dead inside..... 
And they say black don't crack 
She's got some big ass feet!
Damn, 2008 was already 10 years ago. 
What happened to the bird?!
Fucking 10 years. Hope the customized girlfirend is worth the waiting.
Aside the fact this is Reposti from a few months ago.
[removed]
dang he really aged.  i wonder how old he is.  i guess aging from 30-40 is not a big a change as 40-50
its creepy if you think that its not the same girl
The daughter doesn't fit in her Cage anymore
Is he pantless in the second picture?
[deleted]
[removed]
So the pets aren't dead within 10 years 🤔
Not to burst the bubble, but who is taking these photos? 
Rip guys hair
Give it a few more months and you won’t see either the dog or the girl.
From asian to caucasian
[removed]
[deleted]
The girl looks mature for 10.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Somebody give this gold please I‘m only a mere peseant
[removed]
[removed]
He was too old for this 10 years ago, still too old for this now. 
This makes me feel uncomfy
"It's something special watching your wife grow up..."
Am I the only one who thought this was posted on r/WTF at first?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Damn she lank

Larry Nassar?
It’s time for something new
Yeah but its 2018 and he's touching her so this is inappropriate. Where's all the raging femmes when you need them.
All the picture does is make me feel uncomfortable. I feel jealous for anyone who can see this and not feel that way.
[deleted]
Look at his face at 2018. Focus on it. It will tell how the live ate up his helth and his youth. This pic telling us the truth fucts of live. 
[removed]
[deleted]
