I don’t usually throw this around a lot, but Merry’s rocking some P. Swayze level hair 
Merry is a good and kind soul. Give extra pats plz. 
Stoic AF. She is beautiful!I used to have mice and I love her!
Those ears are so damn cute it should be illegal!!! 
i would die for merry
Mice are underrated!!! What a beautiful mouse 
I would give everything I own to Merry! What a precious little sweetie! 
He is adorable!  I have pet rats, but that mouse makes me want one! How would you compare their temperments to rats?
How old is this cutie!? 
[deleted]
Extremely cute, sadly my cats are murderous bastards and would kill it in seconds.

I get many mice brought home living in the countryside, unfortunately it’s rare I can release them back into the wild.
This mouse is now my background pic on my phone
Please give Merry a second breakfast from me. So cute.
Is this a specific breed or mutation? Like dumbo rats? 
That little mohawk.
Does merry know Mr Jingles? 
Like Merry, I think we are willing to keep our ears and eyes open to fresh content. Handsom fella.
Awe I love him! ❤️
FLOOF
What a charming little mouse. 10/10 would cuddle.
Belongs more than squidgy humans. Actually elicits an aww. 

Do your mice live in a tiny red walled abbey?
Merry (Mouse Jerry)
How old?
Cute :-) where is Pippin?
Merry has those little wild hairs like one of my favorite mice had! Her name was Pepper. She was brown and short haired but had random wild long hairs mixed in, perfectly encapsulated her spunky personality. I miss her everyday, I had wonderful mice.
Merry deserves a warm house with a cozy fire and some tiny biscuits. 
She's beautiful!! <3 I keep rats right now, but I've wanted to try mice. They're so little :3 How old is Merry?
11/10. Would give second breakfast. 
How long do they live?
Can you please post more pics?
Awwwwww Merry definately belongs in this sub 😍 please post more adorable mice
Where is pippin?
She looks wise! Give her all the pets and treats! 
Turns out I like mice ...
WOW!!!!  12/10 cuteness!😍😍
How old is Merriadoc?
Merry is beautiful lil forest creature 
How to you resist holding her to your cheek, because she is so dang cute and fluffy!
I love dis mouse...
I just bust an uwu
I know a mouse
I breed special mice, so I love them! Yours is very pretty
She looks awesome 
so cuute!
Her little right hand that she’s leaning on that’s on your finger. Wow. So cute 
Little mouse, big ears ! ❤️
I love every pixel of this image. 
Omg!!!! I love merry!!! How old is she? My hamster, Scooter, is 2.5 years old as of Oct. 10. 
oh my goodness 
Such luxurious fur! Supermodel goals.
Never had a mouse on my life, but I'll be damned if they aren't among the cutest of animals :)
Is it just me or is every mouse post accompanied by a "idk if this sub likes mice but here" caption?
So. Precious. *Squee*
What a cute mousey puppy
Precious. Did you get them from a breeder?
I love mice, I think they are adorable.  Merry is extra floofy and adorable.
That’s one mighty fine mouse you got there.   Those ears are stupid adorable.
Had two mice in college named Frodo and Sam. Both girls, just didn’t want the giant balls that the males have. After about 3 months of getting along, Frodo killed Sam and ate her face. Gave Frodo away after that. 
Oooook.   I just sent this to my wife all happy and feel good and she replied “looks like cat food.”

Nuuuuuu!!! Merry!!!
I got a friend named Stuart who would love to meet her 
Damn. Broke 100k. Apparently this sub likes mice just fine.
What a cutie.
She looks so wise!
OMG! That hair! So cute!
Merry looks so wise! That magical hair!
The very cutest of all meeces for sure. 
Jerry*
I like mice. They are cute and friendly. But how do you deal with the smell? They are so much pee-stinkier than rats and hamsters. That's the main thing that's kept me from keeping some.
I love him/her. 
She is super cute!🐭
So beautiful!!! ❤️ I love mice. I would get some, except I already have 4 aquariums and a cat. 😅
The little head tuft of hair is perfect. I'd watch an anime about you and this mouse 
Sweet pea! 😍
Mice are amazing! They are man’s true best friend as they have paved the way for us to make so many scientific advances
Ive never thought a mouse looked cute until I saw Mary. She looks nice. 
Those ears! <3
floof
Did you name another Pippen? 
Do mice have personalities?  How would you describe Merry’s?
So regal 🖤 Love to Merry
Omg Merry is so precious 🐀💗
I like my mice super cute thanks!
Never thought a mouse could look so wise 
Yep, she's got the Brandybuck nose.
I had no idea how much I wanted a pet mouse until this very moment.
You should have named her Merry Kris. 

Merry Kris Mouse. 
Mista Jangles! Is that you?
She’s to adorable for words. She’s got me with that hair! 
Hail! Hail the appearance of the One Who Is Like Us Yet Deserves Extra Cheese And Cake! Hail!
"there's a bit of cheese out there, I just know it"
That’s one wise looking mouse. 
Those precious ears!
Do mice care for their owners?
Do you have a pippin?
Where can I get one of these adorable mice?
It’s so stinking cute!
Sweet squeaker!  I love mice so much!  I would totally have some, but since I have to physically drag [this bozo](https://i.imgur.com/mV2xK0X.png) away from the rodent cages at Petsmart, it's probably not a good idea.
You have a real life Disney character right there.
Have you ever wanted to just climb a tree, look down at the lil baby and shout “MERRYYYYYYY!!” ?
Oh my god it’s a fairy. To cute! 
So do you have one named stuart little or nah 
I feel like having a cup of tea with Merry.
So sweet!!!!
“i dont know how this sub likes mice” 46k likes later
That is an adorable mouse!
How old is she?
Merry seems like a wise kindred spirit! 12/10 would befriend him 
Holy ears!
So your other mice are not your favorite? 😭
I heard that rats make better pets than mice, what's your experience with this?
ITS SUCH A PRETTY LITTLE BEAN
MERRY IS SO CUTE 
an old friend of mine had some rats, named one of them Icarus. she occasionally sent me pictures, but they're gone now unfortunately. cute little things
She is an absolute delight, tell her she is perfect and give her some tiny lil pets or scratches for me please ♥️
Do the others know Merry is the favorite?
Adorable! How old is Merry?
Merry is kind. Merry is important. Merry is smart. Merry is good. Merry does matter. 
This is a fantastic mouse
She's beautiful
It's so tiny I want to snuggle it!
12/10, would pet.
Ah yes, Mouse Jerry. 10/10
What a cute lil pet!
Merry is aDORable! I actually love mice.  When I lived out in the country my black cat, Alex Van Halen would catch little field mice when they'd come in the house during the colder months.  Alex is a good boy and would let me take the mice out of his mouth and I'd let them go away from our house.   Tell Merry I said I love her ears and give her a pat for me. <3 
very softly pat that mouse for me 
If it's worthy of a boop, we like it. Merry is indeed worthy of a boop.
Those ears ☺️ so adorable! Despise the hate rodents get! They can be just as adorable as any other creature. 
the answer to your question is, this sub loves mice. 
I’ve decided this sub loves mice n we really love merry. 
Is is a certain species? 
I am not a mice/rat person but this one is adorable
Mice are cute, until you see one in your kitchen and realize you don't have any pets. 
How old?  My fiance and I rescued a little field mouse from our cat.  That was more than 6 years ago and it's still alive!  We keep it in an old glass aquarium, with the same bedding and stuff people buy for hamsters.  Along with regular hamster food, my fiance feeds it all sorts of veggies and stuff.  She read somewhere that our mouse has long exceeded the average lifespan.  In the wild, lifespan is not very long at all (3 months?).  But even for an indoor sheltered life, she still doesn't understand how it's still alive.  It's blind and deaf now, we think.  She taps the glass and it comes out of little cardboard house she made, then she sets food/water in front of its face.  
HOW do so many people not like mice?! She is beautiful! I love her and now I want a mouse... I have to kitties though and I don't trust their sneaky asses! 

Also... can we see more pics of Merry? Those ears are too much! <3
I hope there's a Pippin.
What a beautiful mouse. My mouse Luna passed just this morning, totally unexpected :( take good care of Merry!
THIS IS THE CUTEST OF ALL THE CUTES
Love this little guy! Mice are so cute, i dont know how anyone can hate them!  (๑•̀ㅂ•́)و✧
Mr. Jingles?
I LOVE HIM AND WANT TO TAKE HIM. HOME OMG HE'S SO FREAKING CUTE! ❤️❤️
Sooooooo cute ! Those earssshh!
A few years ago I got two male mice for my birthday. They were great, except they stunk like hell. One day, my parents secretly swapped them for similar looking females since they’re typically cleaner. I didn’t notice, and about a month later I found one of them laying on twelve pink little sausages. It turns out that one was actually male,  and now my mice were parents. We kept three, and gave away the rest to a pet store. I think it’s perfect karma for swapping my mice. 

TL;DR My parents swapped male mice for females. One was still male, and a month later there were babies. 
pls kiss that little soft face for me
Pet mice are okay. Mice getting into my house walls and chewing on wiring is not fine. Those mice get caught in traps without any remorse from me. 
How old is he? :) 
WE LOVE MICE
Those ears, those whiskers, and She looks soft and fluffy.  Give Mary a snoot boop from me and thank you for sharing ❤️
His friend is a fool of a mouse
aww...she's soooooo sweet ♡
Merry is adorable! 
Omg he’s so cute!! Thank you, I needed him in my life! 
Reepicheep the mouse
#Praise be to the newest Champion of Reddit, u/UR-NotAsGoodAsCoffee!

[Let us not forget the Champions of yore...](https://www.reddit.com/r/ChampionsOfReddit/)
Those ears are so cute. 
Mice are completely underrated! She’s Adorable.
BABY FLUFF (I have 3 fluffs of my own! I've been raising mice since 2014 :3)
Such a cute little mouse!! I just want to cuddle with merry
Oh my god, soo cute! I love her ears ^^


I’m sure pet mice are fine but for me personally. I had an infestation in my old apartment after some hoarder neighbors moved out and the mice moved to our place. Mouse poop every where it what seemed to be overnight. 

I think I still have PTSD from it as last night one ran across my living room as I was chilling playing some red dead and winding down for the night. 

If you’ve seen the fly breaking bad episode, it was similar to that as I was flipping over my couches trying to find where it came from. 

I eventually cornered him but wasn’t fast enough to trap him myself so I instead set several mouse traps around the area and went to bed. Fifteen minutes later I heard the trap snap. 

I don’t like hurting animals. It down right breaks my heart but I cannot have them running around, multiplying, chewing through bags of food, and pooping everywhere. 
Fuck that, hate mice with a passion
I had a pet mouse for a while. It was a feeder mouse my friend put in for his snake to eat during a party. They got drunk and blew a bunch of smoke into the snake aquarium and the snake refused to eat it. Long story short I adopted the little guy. It's name was Miller and it lived for about a year and a half. It's the only mouse I've ever seen that loved tummy rubs.
I love mice.  When I was 8 years old, I started a new school and this girl befriended me. She had an amazing imagination. We used to pretend we were a mouse family during recess. I was the mom, Velvet and she was the daughter, Snowball. We continued this storyline for years.  My next tattoo will be of two mice--one black (Velvet) and one white (Snowball).
Definitely cuter than all these people posting their damn crippled kids and shit.
I am melting
Adorable little creature! <3 
Oh what big ears you have!
Merry has wonderful ears. 
She's adorable. I love her mohawk. Rock it, Merry!
Wow what a pretty little mouse! 
HI MERRY!
That is one majestic mouse! 
The ears of the mouse look great.
This was a missed opportunity
Aww that is the absolute cutest mouse!! What kind is she?
Oh Merry made me pause and bite my lip! I wish our fancy mouse would sit this still for a photo. 
What a cutie!
Ears made of delicate tissue paper! I love you Merry 😍 
That's cute as shit 
Mice can be very nice!
Merry's adorable. Look at those ears!
This sub better like mice otherwise I'll give everyone here mice-o-thelioma and I don't think y'all want that.
What kind of mouse is that? Those ears look so big for its head. 
So cute!**

**2D only
What an absolute beauty! 
Beautiful mouse! I always liked them! 
so cute!
You sure that's not a bun? Dem ears!
Very cute
I love mice, and she is majestic as fuck! I didn't know they could get that fluffy
She’s gorgeous!! 
She is beautiful! I loved her name 
Reddit brings out the best in all creatures !
Now that is one cute mouse
Merry is positively gorgeous!
Adorable! 
Adorable! 
She looks so soft!!!
r/oldmandog 
Cute! <3
She’s just precious!!
Wow! How sweet is she!
Oh she’s lovely!

Because Merry is a gorgeous little OAP she reminds me of Mr Jingles 😭😭😭
That's the most mouse looking mouse ever.
LOVE!
Oh my God those ears
We take those

So fuzzy!
She perty cute I do have to say.
She’s so cute!! Are their types of mice? If so do you know what this one is because she looks kinda regal compared to the ones I’ve seen.
So cute 
Hey my mom always said never pick favorites!! 
I want to know EVERYTHING about Merry: Favorite snack, fave game, movie, her inspirations. She is precious. ❤😍
10/10 love cute mice
Gorgeous little guy
"I am NOT a merry man!!"
that is a good mousey :)
I love mice, so cute.
That is so cute!
Bienvenue au cirque de mousse!
You made the front page! I remember this in r/petmice :)
This is the cutest mouse I’ve ever seen! I love the mane. 
How are mice as pets? Do they run away if you let them free around the house or do you have to keep em caged? Do they recognize you? 
So beautiful!!! ❤️ I love mice. I would get some, except I already have 4 aquariums and a cat. 😅
So beautiful!!
How old exactly? I've ways wanted to get rodents as pets but the short lifespan would be too heartbreaking. :( 
What a cute little mouse...I love him!
This little baby is like a cartoon mouse. I wanna give it all the kisses. 
I’ve had 3 rats and 3 mice. They are my favorite pets. I want to get another rat soon. 
Zardulu confirmed.
I would get mice if I didn't already have a cat.
Merry deserves a life of a thousand years
So cute!
How precious!! 
I don't speak for others but this literally made me go aww loudly. 😂❤️😍
Give your mouse a pat for me 
Mice are smart as hell. Just realized how good of pets they would make 
ear:body ratio is perfect
Oldest? Like how old? Year? They don't live too long
How old? 
She's beautiful! We've had pet mice for years. Our last ones died about 6 months ago. Hoping to get more soon ❤️
Merry looks like the sweetest of the mices!! When I was young I had a few nice and loved them dearly, one of whom I named Bob mouse so I could call him BM for short... heh
How adorable! Wish more people would post mice! I used to keep pet mice and they for sure bond with their people! 
Merry titmouse
does 'ee like pippins?
Holy ears!

What a cutie.
Merry Christmas!
This. This is why we like mice.
So cute
How old is he?
Do you have a mouse named Pippin too? 
Your oldest mouse. So he/she's two years old or so?
That one photogenic mouse... Cute af
Of course she's welcome with ears like that. Too cute! Please pet her between the ears for me!
 My sister had a mouse that looked so much like this guy. She was dying one night so I held her and breathed warm air on her for a couple hours. I honestly thought I'd just give her some warmth before she died but then she started to perk up and tried to clean herself. Eventually she ate and drank and preened and just hung out in my hand. We were good friends after that. She lived a really long time too.
Those ears are amazing! 
What a wise looking creature *hats off*
Is that a normal mouse? It seems cuter and fluffier than a regular mouse. It's on super cuteness steroids!
Oh my god that is the cutest mouse ever! I love him!
EVERYONE CAN COOK! 
Beware Toj the cat!
Oh my goodness! Can I pet her?! 😍
what a cutie!
Merry ChristMouse?
Nice used to be my favorite pets! But it’s been so long since I’ve had one as a pet! :( 

I used to put mine in a ball so it could roll around the house!
He looks like a very distinguished gentleman.
So precious!! Mice are seriously some of the best pets to have. I never was able to have any of my own (yet), but they were my favorite animals to take care of when I used to work at a pet store. So sweet and smart 💕
That's one handsome mouse
How old is she?
where did you get your mouse? i was interested but my local petsmart mice were all very sickly looking 
I read this entire thread in a British accent. 
Mice are interesting creatures. I found one a couple of weeks ago while camping, he/she was just chilling on the inside of my tire of my jeep. I figured it was just looking for somewhere warm to crash for the night. 

I didn't want it to get stuck or killed the next day so I was able to mange to catch it. Held it in my hands for a minute (had gloves on) and brought him back to fire with me. This mouse snugged itself into a portion of my shirt and kicked it with me next to the fire for a good 30-40 minutes until it bolted off. Even though I'm used to traveling alone, it was cool to rid of solitude even if it was with just a mouse. 
Her little mohawk is adorable!
All I want is to stroke his little cheek while he sleeps in my hand. Please spoil him!
Don’t let r/sneks see
Name's Merry.

Merry Christmas. 
Mouses always create trouble in my house, they destroy everything from sofa to food to clothes. This post is really opposite to my case
Merry is a cute.
Merry is super adorable and definitely belongs in this sub! Please give her some extra love from me and my merry band of animals (2 cats, 2 guinea pigs, 1 rabbit).
Beautiful!
Awwwww! Lovely bean!
Should’ve named him jerry
So how old is Merry?
I'm currently trying to evict a few mouse from the back of my fridge, do you want them? 
awww i want to pet the cutie 😍
Those rose petals ears are so precious!
Looks like a reincarnated Einstein. 
Merry is charming. More please
Out of curiosity, did you get him for Christmas?
Aw!  She's a sweetie.   Idk what my resident murderers  would think of such a cute housemate.   Their elder was a great friend of his ratkin but I wouldn't risk those beautiful ears with these younguns.  Best I should admire her and congratulate you on your happy lil squeak. 
You can see her wisdom.
SO CUTE
Based on the current 22.8k upvotes id day yea we like them 
What a beautiful mouse! Out of curiosity, how is caring for them like? What kind of food is best, cage sizes etc. 
Do you also have a mouse called Pippin?
Coolest mouse ever. He would be that awesome wise wizard that helps the protagonist.
MARTIN THE WARRIOR! 


I AM THAT IS
I had a pet rat when I was little and it's probably the sweetest pet I've ever had, 20 years later I still miss her. It's always saddened me how poorly people think of rats and mice, I realize that city rats is a completely different ordeal and probably not as sweet (lol) but I prefer to think that we all just a product of our surroundings than any animal being inherently bad.
So cute)
Merry is a beautiful mouse! I love mice. I had a couple of pet mice when I was in middle school. They were the cutest damn things. I cried a bit when they passed. 
This sub likes all animals. Every title doesn’t have to start out like that.
Xfce
How old? 
I used to have a dwarf hamster closest thing to a mouse I've owned.
That's one cute fuckin' mouse.
Next time show us that 4 turtle students of Merry's
Merry Christmouse!
Aww
How can anyone hate these fluffy little creatures?
She’s so beautiful 😍 
Aaaawwwww!!! Adorbs. The eeeeaarrrss!!

'Tis a very cute mouse. The high council permits it. And would like to pet it.
Looks like Rod Stewart
OMG!   Merry is sooooo cute!  💕💕💕
Disney should make a movie about Merry. 😍
I love her 😍
Well, the sub has spoken. Looks like the concensus is, yep - that's a go on the mice. Have an updoot and a nice day \*tips hat*
I ❤️  Merry!
I now love mice
Adorable :)
Cuteness is cuteness, no matter the species! And Merry, my friend, is cute af! !!
Oh he's  adorable! :D
We actually rescued a feeder mouse that got loose in someones house that had snakes. My daughter couldn't stand the thought that it was going to be fed to a snake. It lived the life of Riley for almost three years. Beautiful cage, treats, toys and it even got to know the cat. Moose even had a state funeral with a glass coffin. I still cant believe the amount of money I spent on that mouse :)
Awwww.

I miss our mice.

My dad and I had a selective breeding experiment for a while. We found out that wild mice would live longer than store bought ones by almost a year and wouldn't get tumors, mange or arthritis as easily.

We set out to breed the tamest store bought mice with the tamest wild ones. We found out that four generations in was enough to cause significant behavior changes such as tameness, affection and curiosity.

The interesting thing was that the tamer ones were always calico.

Almost all of the mice learned to jump and hang from the underside of the lids of their enclosures to get attention.

The last mouse of that generation lived four and a half years. The final month he fought death FIVE times.
I've never seen a mouse with hair like that. What kind of mouse is it? 
That's a fine mouse 
Can I buy this type of mouse in Sweden.
Omfg too, way way too adorable 
Merry has even bigger floop flopper noise picker uppers than my bebe ratto, Rogue. I love it. 
I love mice, but I always feel slightly sad whenever I see them because of the Green Mile. 
Mousie!!!

They are such wonderful little souls! 
She’s beautiful and I love her. Also, Merry is such a good name for a mouse 
Suffice to say, I think we like them
Ay ay ayyyyyy, what a little cutie!!!!! I just wanna softly rub Merry against my cheeks and kiss her little furry head all day long! 
GIMME!!! 💜🐭
How are they compared to hamsters? From my experience, hamsters are the spawn of the devil. 
Magestic! 
Majestic asf
CUTTEE!!!
I love him! Those ears are so cute.
Very cute. 
Very cute! How old is Merry? 
Awww I love mice, they are awesome pets!
this is the most adorable mouse i have ever seen 
aww cute how old?
Absolutely adorable. 
Adorable🐭
Omg that long feathery hair looking like its windswept and the content look she has.. I never thought I would say this about a mice but  darn it, she is darling!!! 
eeeeek
I don’t think I’ve ever seen a mouse so majestic 😍
I love her!!!!!
I like them small and furry so this will do
He’s looking away from the camera - what a Modest Mouse
Does Merry have a friend named Pippin?
Is he named after the hobbit?

A few years ago I had two female mice that I named Goldberry and Galadriel. 
smol 
Such a beautiful mouse! Just so adorable :)
Do u ever stroke her little ears?! Or does she hate it? I feel like I wouldn’t like someone stroking my ears but HERS ARE SO PINK N CUTE JUST WANNA TOUCH
Oldest? How old is she?
I love mice, they were my first pet. My mom used to sew pockets on all my shirts so they could go with me places lol.
Is he named after the hobbit?

A few years ago I had two female mice that I named Goldberry and Galadriel. 
so cute. ♥️
I love this 
He looks so wise.
I like furry animals. Rabbits mainly, but I recently had a hamster. She lived 4 years and she was a sweetie til the end. 
That is a hecking cute squeaker. Plz pat. 
Awww! Mice can be cute! Also what camera are you using?
she's adorable!
He's getting rather old but he's a good mouse 
Not usually a huge fan of mice. But this guy, is like, totes adorbs.
Mice are such wonderful pets!! Merry looks like a sweet and wonderful friend!! 
you can't fool me I know Mr. Jingles when I see him
Those ears 😍
I love Mary and her lil big ears
Merry has some magnificent whiskers, if I can say so myself! How many other mice do you have? And, is there a family photo of said mice? :D
Those tiny little paws 💚
Aww, what an adorable little thing! I just recently came into owning a mouse myself, they're wonderful little creatures.
An hour ago the upvotes were at 29k and now they are at 39k I think this subreddit likes mice.
I love his ears! Such a cutie!
Oh my goodness what a cutie 
Can we get more pics of merry?! And pics of other babies if you have them?! 😍😍
Cute little one ! What kind of mouse is Merry , with such big ears . 
Merry looks wise and magical as heck
I am in love with Merry’s ears!!
There's this book about a nice with a sword that I never got to read. Kinda reminds me of the book cover.
Very cute!


If you don't mind, I have a question. One of my science teachers from high school had pet rats in her classroom, and were sometimes allowed out in the middle of class which was super awesome. However, they tended to leave poop everwhere (such as my friend's pocket when he realized they could slip right in). Is it possible to "house train" them, or do you risk droppings every time the mice and rats are let out?
Oldest? How old is she? I had pet rats and it broke my heart how short their lives were. My adolescent heart couldn't take it.
If Einstein was a mouse
As long as it's a pet - fine. The ones my cat chases around the house at night - those creep me out.
He's getting rather old, but he's a good mouse.
[This is my favourite mouse, I call him jerry](http://imgur.com/a/cW9aqJ4)
I love Merry!

Why is he/she your favorite?!
I need snuggles!! Gice extra super love for me ! 
Awww, how old is she? 
Aww she’s adorable!!! 😊
 I thought this said Jerry, you were going to be in for a rude awakening...

Cute mouse tho
Merry, I love you.
Wonderful . I love fancy mice. I had mouse mansion - 4 big metal cages fixed together for 4 mice with lots of tunnels and things to climb. 
I had two meeces when I was little and they were my beloved friends. I'd love to have some now, or rats, but i got kitties so...
Does he have a partner in crime named pippin? 
Mr. Jingles is a circus mouse
Does he have electric powers?
Seems modest too
Omg toooo mousetacular
Of course I like mice!
So sweet
You are forgetting Jerry. Now all you need is Tom.
What a darling. 
Soo cute! 
The upvotes say that this sub lime mice a lot.
missed opportunity to name him splinter.
This is adorable
Mr. Jingles!
Mrs. Jingles ?
Oldest most bestest mouse. 
Where's Tom?
Merry is wonderful and beautiful ❤️
I love mouses!   She is beautiful - those ears!!!
She looks like a cartoon!!  😍
He is so cute!!!!!! 
Just keep him away from Mom.

Jokes aside,  he’s too cute.
SO CUTE
This sub likes mice because of awesome pictures like this!
Fancy mice are great but wild rodents aren’t too fun to deal with. 
Merry is too cute! And I can’t speak for the whole sub but I LOVE mice! Rodents are my fave. 
Aww
How old is oldest? Hopefully greater than 2 years? 
Awww, How adorable is Merry.  So sweet. :)
You are not supposed to have favorites! But still very 
cute 
All hail mullet mouse 
I hate mice but that one is really cute
So tiny 😍
Goddamn it. I do research with mice and now I feel like a terrible person because he’s so precious and I’m indifferent about rodents at this point
dont post this on r/sneks
A friend once brought his mouse to sleep away camp and I was one of the few people obsessed with it. His name was Arial and he died one day at camp, and so we threw him into the ocean. It was beautiful
Cutie Patutie!
I absolutely love him 
So cute!!
Thumbnail reminded me of The Green Mile.
He looks like he trains ninja turtles in the sewer 
You would have to be heartless to NOT like Merry. Or scared of mice. - But how could you be scared of that?

This sub could use more diversity imo. Cats and Dogs are cute, but there are so many more animals that I would love to see here.
Rodent
Very cute but I feed them to my snake so I’ve got a bit of a cuteness barrier to not be so sad about it 
Omg those ears!

I had a rat called Merry <3
Merry looks like a gentle soul, so lovely!  


I'm in the middle of reading Redwall and my appreciation for mice has skyrocketed.  If you haven't read it I highly recommend it, it feels like Lord of the Rings in Mice-Land...or a less gruesume Watership Down (which is my favorite book bc I adore rabbits).    

we love mice, keep posting him/her :)
Excuse my dumbass but I thought mice are only white, I know that doesn’t make sense but I just never thought about it, my eyes have awakened, I have ascended. 
The old mice of wisdom! 
How old is she?
AWWWW 😭😭💕❤️💕❤️
Must have a great personallity to be your favourite. Assuming is not by Merry’s looks. I’m not saying it’s not beautiful, but the other mice might feel bad about not being favourite 
Nah mate that’s mr jingles 
I absolutely love that 51 thousand people like your mouse. 

(I like her too, in case that wasn't obvious)
Cute little guy. My wife works with mice and I've grown fond of them.
How old is sweet merry? Please tell her I love her and give her a kiss on the head from me ♥️
I wish I could upvote twice.
Hey can you send me more pictures.Also send me more pictures if you have other ones!Thanks! :)
So tiny and adorable!  I love rodents!  I own cats so I won’t ever own one. I’d rather not terrorize them. 
What kind of mouse is she?  It looks like her ears and fur are longer than normal.
Welp, my heart just blew up and I’m crying. That things is so friggin cute!!! Give him/her hugs and snuggles for all of Reddit. 
How old is Merry?

I'm curious if the above question will answer as ell as then and improving our impression of Merrys age because if Merry is really old for a Mouse I'll be impressed, Only because I don't a lot aout Mice
Idk if it's just me but I always feel like when I say I like one animal more than the other to someone, that animal will know and get sad 
AWEH!! I use to have pet mice as well <3 this makes me happy!!
you can’t pick favourites
That is the cutest mouse ever
Ok, I am not a fan of mice at all, but that little nugget is precious. 
You didn't include a picture of Pippin???
Christmas.
I had mice as a high school kid.  I probably didn't clean their cage enough, it was always smelly.  They were great, lots of fun.
Mr. Jingles 
It's hard for me to understand people who are afraid of mice. I mean, look at them! They're so cute.
Møøse bites can be veri nasti! Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Mouse! :)
the cute on this one though❤️
I used to work at a ski resort. A mouse lived under the lift shack and would come see me daily because I started giving it snacks off my lunch. Eventually he would let me pick him up and stay on my shoulder. Hank the Mouse. 
This is the most precious baby I've ever seen. I would lay down my life for Merry.
I love her 
I would die for Merry 
I'm not sure if this will be seen but how do you handle your mice so they don't bite!? I've had rats, mice, and one  hamster and they've all bit me except my rats.
What a cutie!!!
Ohhh ohhhh!!!! She’s lovely!!!!

Edit: mousey gender 💜
One wise boi 
That's a heckin good cheezey girl
Ah he’s gorgeous 
I've only ever had rats. Do they have a lot of the same health issues? She is damned cute and I may now get a mouse as well. 
Need a video of u petting and giving her lots of love if not I cant sleep tonight
Does she have a Pippin?
Wom and Merry.
\*squeeeek\*
10/10 I'd put my nose in those head hairs.
SHE IS ONE CUTE RODENT
It is so cute!
Damn fine mouse ya got there! 
I miss my Pepper, he had his PhD and he was my buddy 
Merry Mousins? 
LOVE!!! How old? Such a cute!!

How many pet mice do you have?

&#x200B;
Oh my gosh!! So darn cute. ❤️
😻😻😻😻
So adorable!
I would die for this mouse
She is soooo cute ❤❤❤ so fuzzy 😀😘
Looks like my dog 
He's getting rather old but he's a good mouse
Contemplative pose. 
Soooooo cute
Omg 😍
Cute! Love the long ear fur. Is it Merry as in Merry and Pippin? Cause that would be super awesome.
Merry is also my most favorite mouse now. ❤️
Great photo, beautiful mouse!
Oh my stars!!!! I think that is one of the cutest mice I've ever seen! Please post more!
Awwww
She is beautiful!! 
Aahhh look at Merry's cute ears! 😄
He looks so wise
We like em roasted, with a shot of pepper on top

/s
Meep, look at those ears 
I dont know why but i wanna clean his ear. Do you do that for mice??
Merry's got a little party going on in the back there. I dig it.
Give a head scratch to Merry for me! So pure 😇
That’s Mr. Jingles, it has to be.
Mr. Jingles? 
THAT FLUFF! I love!!
THIS IS CUTE. 
What kind of mice is that? Thinking about getting one 
Christmass
Had pet mice for year's, They're very pleasant little animals except for the short lifespan.  Domestic mice are afraid of heights so you can give them a little backyard connected to their enclosure as long as it's high up, They love having the extra space and are curious about anything you put in there.
Lots of karma and a dead inbox much.
I'd have a pet mouse or rat if they lived longer.  I can't stand heartbreak.
Your hands are creepy
That mouse is God damn adorable. Thank you. I LOVE mice. We need mice in this sub. 
we like mice!  especially rediculously fucking cute ones!  Please pet him/her/it for me and toss him/her/it a treat from Stimpson J.  thanks.
Okay so I’m terrified of rodents. One of my biggest fears. But omg, even I can admit Merry is adorable! Just sitting there like a little angel. 
Where's Pip?
As a City Health Inspector it warms my heart see such a cute mouse not stuck to a glue board underneath  griddle unit
What kind of mouse is she? Ive had fancy mice as pets and they were awesome but they were very antsy and restless most of the time so they wouldnt sit in my hand like that. Plus they didn't have those luscious locks.
How old is Merry?
I would die for Merry
You have a pet mouse and you didn’t name him Jerry?
What a waste.
Apparently this sub likes mice a lot. 
Amazing hair. Give her some love from me!
You mean most favoritest
So you have another named Pippin?
I wish the ones on my house were so behaved and majestic. I could give them away as pets instead of trapping them :(
Looks to be in a merry mood!
*jerry!!
Those are the biggest most sweetest looking ears!!
Dear op, that is the best post I've seen today. Thank you. Also, please send mouse.
Good name! Hope you treat him right!
That white poof of floof on his head is adorable 
not to be dramatic but i would die for merry.
I feel like mice should only have human names 
Merry looks like he could be the noble son of Reepicheep.
a modest-looking but still sonically inventive mouse, to be sure
I have never seen a mouse like this
Master of Buckland?!
Why don't you think this sub likes mice? Are you some kind of mouse rescue god?

Wait you don't like mice? Wtf is wrong with you.
Either this sub is for cute animals or it isn't

Merry cutesmas
Of my 35 years on this planet, up until about 5mins ago when I opened Reddit and scrolled down my front page, I have never been a fan of mice.

Merry has changed this.

I love Merry. 
As a Canadian I’m not a fan of your spelling of favourite. 
Eeeeee her little Mohawk!
Aww! Reminds me of Mr. Jingles from The Green Mile!
But do you have one named Pippin?!?!?!
OMG how cuuuute. Love this mouse.
I hates hamsters, be do mice act differently?
Cuter than I expected tbh! 
She’s cute! How old is Merry??
Omg: I’ve never seen a floofy mouse before!!!
I got a friend named Stuart who would love to meet her 
How old is "old"? How long do they live for? He's so cute and wise!
That’s a great friggin mouse!
So cute!
OP, you knew damn well this sub would love your little bundle of fluffy happiness! 
She looks like the most adorable little lion 🦁❤️
I’ve had a few mice before and they’re the cutest thank you for reminding me about how cute they are
So what I always wanted to ask: why do people have small pets? And what do you do with them? 

I get it, they are really cute - but other than that? You can't really play fetch, you can't go for a run with them, you can't really fight with them or cuddle them too hard because they will suffocate or break their bones, you can't ride them and you can't really go hunting with them or idk go for a swim?

So you are just stuck, holding and petting them all the time and maybe watch them? Or are there some cool fun activities I'm not aware of? 

No judging, just really curious. I'm mainly fascinated with bigger pets that I can interact with and go outside and have fun for a few hours.
I thought people loved all their children equally 
Now I miss my mappy 😥
HER LITTLE PAW IS ON YOUR FINGER LIKE YOU GUYS ARE HOLDING HANDS THIS IS SO PRECIOUS FUCK
please tell me you have another mouse named Pippin?
We loves them meeses to pieces.
Are you sure thats not Jerry? If i had a mouse i would name it Jerry.
It’s a good mouse. Upvoted.
STAAAAAAAP! HOW ADORABLE!
While I don't want them in my house, your mouse is cute as a mouse button.
very nice picture
Reminds me of Master Shifu from Kung Fu Panda 3. So stoic. So calm. And Majestic AF. 
He a circus mouse
u/NotAsGoodAsCoffee is merry a certain breed or type? So cute and love the long hair!
Merry is beautiful!!! I hate that mice get such a bad name, they’re so sweet and beautiful. That hair is just lovely!
Merry looks beautifullllll. 
Better walk away from the computer now, not gonna see anything cuter today. 
That’s a cute mouse. Would definitely feed cheese 
This is the cutest mouse I’ve ever seen
What a cute fluffy baby! 
Wow merry looks like the most merry mouse ive seen. Some think its Mary, but nope, just Merry because why not have an adjective as a name.hope you have a merry Christmas Merry, also be sure to not call him Jerry, or even Sharry, just good ol Merry
Mice are totally acceptable. Rats....no.
I'll love this cutie til the end of time ♥️
TIL: I like mice. Especially ones named Merry :)
Cute as heck
Compared to rats.. how intelligent(or not) and how affectionate(or not) are mice?, Also what's the difference in behavior and personality traits between rats & mice??, Lastly which one makes a better pet?..
I don't like mice but I like that mouse
*I find it a good idea not to name the mice.*
