That cat could eat you

*if it were so inclined 

**which, as a Maine coon, it is unlikely ever to be
You have a tiny human.
RIP that litterbox
This isn’t my cat. But [here is another angle of it.](https://imgur.com/a/2IsWy2d)  Now I want one!
What breed is it? Ron Perlman?
I bet it takes dog sized dumps 

Giving that cat hugs must be heavenly 
[deleted]
What the hell does that thing eat? Gazelles? Zebras? 
[deleted]
I'm assuming this is the source material [https://imgur.com/gallery/vEKraBu](https://imgur.com/gallery/vEKraBu)
r/absoluteunits
That cat looks like it was stolen from some magical forest and grants wishes. I want one.
This cat also [helps out in the kitchen.](https://i.imgur.com/KZuNKgq.jpg)
I’ll trade you my golden retriever for that cat. 

Maybe not, but we could do a week on, week off custody thing. 
I have one called Chester. Amazing cat but are so hard to maintain and it's hard to cook when he can reach everything I am making! 
Is this real
I feel like he probably has a myriad of spells at his disposal. Possibly speaks multiple languages too.
I kinda want to propagate the rampant breeding of Maine coon cats... feel like cats should be closer to this size. Would likely be handy in the post apocalypse. 
Cat box: third garage.
Looks like r/girlswithhugepussies material.
That. Is one big-ass cat...
Maine coons FTW! The build on your cat looks more like a bobcat/lynx than a house cat. Also, he looks regal as all hell in this photo.
That is one majestic kitty.
Falkor, is that you?
I have a couple of chihuahuas that need regulating.
r/GirlsWithHugePussies
My Norwegian Forest cat is a good dog. Always greets me at the door when I come home from work. Under foot when I’m preparing food. Watches tv with me on the couch. 
How much would a kitten of this breed cost?
What an absolute unit. I bet a purr sounds like a plane taking off. 
Your horse looks weird
Your cat looks like a forest spirit.
It’s a Maine Coon! Sweet, doglike and huge. You can sit next to them and put your arm around their shoulders! They are truly a “dog” for cat lovers 
That cat is bad ass - & he knows it.
Ron Purrlman
f l o o f y b o i
I have a question for an owner of one of these cats.  Are they ever aggressive towards humans?  It seems like one of them could kill a person pretty easily.  I'm not normally a cat person, but I could see myself owning one of those bad boys.
Maine Coons are big, but I think are some things going on in these photos. Combination of a small human and perspective with the lens or something to make him look bigger than he actually is. 
I would be totally okay with this. ♥
r/floof
Must have! Imagine the cuddles
XXL maine coon awesome. 😍
It looks like a Pokemon
Instead of mice it leaves dead capybaras on your doorstep. 
Imagine the toe beans on that bad boy 
Cats are the best dogs anyway
I read this as “when you want to be a golden retriever but are only allowed to be a cat” 
When you wanted Ron Perlman but could only get a cat
Mane coon ?
CROOKSHANKS!
Ride on his back to Narnia!
What a pretty kitty.  I'll take that over a golden retriever any day.
Golden Retriever of Souls
Some woman and Ron Perlman dressed as a cat. What am I missing here
Golden Catriever
I didn't know Mountain Lions got that furry...must be its winter coat
l've  seen cats that big, about 20 years ago 

he was so gentle and calm. 
I have a kitten Maine coon! Cannot wait for him to get that big!!!
This cat could probably kick my ass
If you hold The Power Sword up into the air around him, does he turn into a ferocious mount?
In awe at the size of this cat. Absolute mew-nit
Golden Catriever
r/absoluteunits
If you told me this magnificent beast is really a 1000 year old wizard who prefers sleeping in cat form, id 100% believe you. 
Maine Coon?
Majestic af. 
When you want a Clydesdale Horse but are only allowed to get a cat.*  
Isn't that one of those wild Norge forest cats?
New gen of Pokemon looking promising.
It looks like a furbie
That's not a cat, that's a tank. 
What breed of cat is this? o.o

&#x200B;
WTH
WOW. MEOW. Bigass cat!
Like the sofa. 
Is that a cat or a lynx ?!
What a majestic looking cat ..
The size of this lad..
Are you tiny or is he huge?
I'd rather have that cat than anything!
I need this
Maine Coon?
Oh my GOD that cat is so beautiful lol and BIG big 
Imagine the money going into lint rollers...
I just got a Maine coon...cute little thing...for now lol.  His mom was 23 lbs...so my guy should be 20lbs it more.  My dog is 21....I'm a bit worried lol.
Wtf kind of beast is that? That thing is huge!
Is that a fucking lynx???


The MAJESTIC FLOOF
Must have! Imagine the cuddles
r/absoluteunits
My friend described cats by the size of which it would approach you at full speed. He would definitely label this majestic creature as: "Oh lawwwwd, he a commmin'."
Maine coons r huge.. I don't know if I have one or not...
New gen of Pokemon looking promising.
What kind of cat is this?
What the fuck (no offence) that’s a massively long cat
I want a Siamese version..
A Siamese cat with that size would be great. 
That's a huge cat!  Maine Coon?
When you wanted a golden retriever, but your cat ate it
I have a maine coon pretty close to this size who sleeps on top of me every night <3 it is both wonderful and incredibly uncomfortable.
When that kitty knocks something off the table, it STAYS off the table.
WTF do you mean “only”? This is a far superior animal.
That cat is majestic!
I pulled up this reddit post to show my mom and I hear her in the other room saying "omg look at this maine coon, I want this cat!" and I was telling her "mom come check out this thicc cat" and I walk over to show her and we have the exact same cat on our screens on different social medias and im like 

UwU

you know?
I pulled up this reddit post to show my mom and I hear her in the other room saying "omg look at this maine coon, I want this cat!" and I was telling her "mom come check out this thicc cat" and I walk over to show her and we have the exact same cat on our screens on different social medias and im like 

UwU

you know?
You have a mythical creature, not a cat
That's not a cat that's a pokemon
What a unit
In awe at the size of this lad.
Is this a house cat?  Or is normally in the wild.  Unless the girl is tiny I haven't seen a domesticated cat this big. 
Holy fuck. That's a mother fucking unit
Absolute unit.
This cat doesn't meow, it roars.
Kiss the paw hooman 
Look at the giant happy paw on that kitty. So happy!
What a beautiful cat
Maine Coons are so awesome
nice khajiit ya got there 
That's a pokemon
Awwwwwwww. Dat a big puddy!
You can go hunt with that cat :D
Hefty chonk
That cat looks like Ron Perlman. 
Legendary Pokémon
Looks like a Maine Coon/Ragdoll cross
An image of a sleepy female and one large feline on top of a cushioned seat
Thats a big ass cat
Is that a Maine Coon? 
How is this not already posted in r/absoluteunit
Is that a huge cat or a little person?  I seriously can't tell.  Or is it both?  That cat is the biggest monster of a cat I've ever seen
Who does that

 Beautiful maine coon. Is it a main coon? I think it is. 
Wow gorgeous!!!!
In aw of da size of dis lad. Absolute UNIT!
That cat can eat you 
Large boi
OMG!!! I’m in love!! He can’t be real!!! 🤓
I want
Absolute unit
/Awwwww_bsoluteunit
Bubastis III?
Holy jeeezus!! That is the hugest house cat I've ever seen!!!😲
Is this real? I want to see a video of him.
That’s one huge kitten! 
It looks like a pokemon.
A maine coon or perhaps just a hobbit child?
I want that kitty
What a gorgeous Kitty
Isn't that a lion or something at this point?
I WANT ONE OF THESE CATS SO BAD!

house bobcat
Is there a sub for scary and  cute? r/awwhhhh! ?
That cat is ~~big~~ thicc.
/r/absoluteunits 
Mane coon ?
r/absoluteunits
Wow, that's a big puddy cat!
What is this? A human for ants?
What kind of a cat is this?
I'm jealous. I want. 
"Cat" is kind of subjective here......
That is a cat?  

When i step in the room and he looks at me, i might get afraid.  

But i would not be surprised if he just had a sweet meow.

He is gigantic! / Or you are tiny.

&#x200B;
Haha I bet furballs from that thing would be huge. What a lovely large cat!
That's a luck dragon. 
*spits coffee* I said a cat, NOT a Lynx!
At what point do you stop buying cat toys and go on to large breed dog toys? 😂
The cat is a big 
If this isn’t an r/absoluteunit then I don’t know what is
This cat is a Pokémon. I’m pretty sure. 
It's probably a golden retriever in it's Halloween costume
Is it half Kneazle?
That a zoo cat
Maine coon right? Those things are huge
Why would someone allow a cat but not a dog?
Well I think I just found a Yeti LOL! :)
So apparently a lion was the big cat of choice
Pretty sure it ate the dog
Woah I did not know they made house cats that big!  I bet that is awesome to cuddle with at night. 
r/murdermittens
That's a liger!
Maine Coons are basically dogs anyway
u/toadisoursavior81
Woah I’m in shock at the absolute size of this good boi 😱
OH LAWD HE COMIN
Croikey that’s a big one
biG floof,,king of the couch... 
What a fucking unit
That paw could probably conquer the whole world.
Absolute mewnit 
And I thought my mom's Mainecoon was huge
r/absoluteunits
Your cat is huge and beautiful. Wow!
r/absoluteunit
Absolute UNIT
Excuse me, what the fuck is that. 
/r/absoluteunit material right here 
i want!
now that is a large cat
Wtf is that 
That’s a fucking Pokémon 
Tell me that's a young girl...
Where do you even find Maine coons? They are. Beautiful!
You should post this bad boy (or girl, whatever) to r/AbsoluteUnits
Maine Coon, also known as "the breed that look like Ron Perlman."
Don't mind me, thought this was r/absoluteunit
Give it five minutes before that couch is completely coated with fur
Absolute unit, lol
Ron Purrrrrlman cat.
What an absolute unit. 
Khajiit does not enjoy these human beds. Too messy for khajiit, cant even change fur without my slave screaming. 
What the fuck is that 
What manner of beast is this? 
That cat is majestic af
This is so not real lol. Regular domestics don't get that big. Actually main coons do or whatever they r called do get pretty big.
A absolute unit of a kitty
I wanted to ask if a huge cat really exists. Forgot about the existence of LIONS
That's a beautiful Main Coon Cat.  Love that breed. 
r/girlswithhugepussies
It’s a better upgrade.
Oh my god that cat is beautiful
That is hilarious! 😆😂🤣
That cat looks like Ron perlman
Jeez. We have a 20 pound British blue Shorthair and we thought he was big, but this cat is humongous.
In my family we always joke that our mainecoon cat acts like a literal dog. She pants, comes when shes called and is uber friendly, lol it's so true
I would ride that thing to battle. 
I have a maine coon. Ye yells, he yowls, he is demanding and belligerent. But he is loving, caring, playful and loyal. He also says "ack" when he is hungry and squeaks like a rusty hinge when he needs a drink.
Never try to ignore a coonie. It hurts. A lot. 
I want one from that litter!
I hope house cat pets continue to get larger.
I need a Maine Coon
My wife and I have just bought a Ragdoll kitten, who sits perfectly in the palm of my hand, and after only a couple of days has bonded with both of us, and our dog.  Just the most affectionate and cuddly kitten ever.   
Cats are crazy when it comes to hunting. My dad owned one that was missing a leg and it still fucked birds up
Totally works. She/he just needs to have a goofier expression and you practically have a goldie. 
Absolute unit
This looks like the kinda cat you'd ride into battle
r/girlswithhugepussies

edit: sfw I promise. 
A coon is still on my bucket list 
TIL it's not mancoon, but Maine coon
This is what I was hoping for when adopting a kitten from the shelter listed as a Maine coon. She ended up just being a Maine coon mix. She's just regular cat sized. 
Is this a Maine coon? This thing is a unit.
Oh lawrd he a comin'
What breed is this. I'd actually consider getting a cat if they were this badass
I find the scale of that cat to be fascinating. The majority of domesticated animals are selectively bred to be smaller and cuter. I wonder if it's possible to selectively breed larger cats that will retain their domesticated traits. Imagine a tiger but with the personality and easy control of a house cat. 
Only? I'll take a cat over a dog any day!
What type of cat is that?? My cat has very similar markings and fur patterns,.and we can't figure it out.
wow majestic af
That cat would tear out my jugular if I tried to pet it's stomach
r/girlswithhugepussies
Is this photoshop oooorrr...?
What the fuck
A Ron Perlman 
Almost looks animatronic....what...
Like the sofa, where is it from?
That’s a nice looking Pokémon you got there 
This thing reminds me of Snarf from Thundercats.
Are you sure you don't have a pet lynx?
Wtf
Is that a lynx
I don’t want to imagine that beast mad at you 😂
That is a very regal cat...
WANT
That is one of the largest Maine Coons I have ever seen online
He doesn't look real! I want to give him the biggest head scratches ❤️
That's a big boy!
That couch, though! ❤️
Ummm tf am I looking at
Beautiful!
My 19lb Maine coon is like half that size. This is a male which that probably weighs 25lb+. 
Ever since production of Hellboy 3 wrapped he's just been lounging at home. 
Do *not* piss that cat off!
Quite the ring dang do
It looks like a cat from a childhood puppet show I’m not remembering. Fragile Rock or bookmice or something 
Ooohhh a pretty Maine Coon!
That kit is magnificent. 
That is the most majestic animal I've ever seen 😍😍😍
S/he is very regal. 
You mean when you get a Kneazle? 
Yeah cats are just waiting to overthrow humanity but being so small we never saw them as a threat.

This changes things
that sucks
Wow! Impressive!
r/absoluteunit
Is that a mainecoon or a tomcat
O LAWD, HE COMIN!
A hefty chonker
What is this beast
Holy shiza this is the biggest Maine coon I've ever seen
This cat is intimidating 
Indeed that is not a golden retriever.

It seems you have a golden-pushes-shit-off-the-counter-while-staring-at-you-menacingly.

good quality. send more pics.
Love it.
In awe at the size of this lad. Absolute unit.
WANT.
That doesn’t make any sense having such a big cat 😂 
Silver deceiver.
What the fuck? Ha!
That cat looks like one day it’ll start talking and tell you about how you are the chosen one to go on a magical journey to save a far away land then morph into its true form.
This is a test post.
Wait!!! is that real?
What type of kitty is that?
Extreme meowtz
Absolute unit
Is she 12 or 20?
What kind of cat is this? 
A b s o l u t e u n i t
Unit.
Is it possible that this may be a Norwegian Forest Cat? I have a hard time distinguishing between Maine Coons and NFCs.
That's a big ass cat......damn the cat is hefty
Having never seen a cat this huge in person I am still in a sorta denial any cat could be this huge.
Would you be allowed to let a cat like this outside. It would murder everything. Maybe even small humans.
Absolute unit! 
Holy catman.
OMG just looking at it makes me sneeze

&#x200B;
Is he really that big? 

Lla can&##"×=©€>11na seas can w¢
This is amazing 
O lawd he comin? Sittin :) 
So you meet in the middle and get a bobcat. 
Absolute unit
something something absolute unit
r/absoluteunits
Oh lawd 
is this a huge turkish angora?
Danm what typa fucking cat is that unit?
Sneaky
That’s a fucking unit right there 
Weird looking dog
r/absoluteunit
Do NOT rub that belly.
Baby sabretooth

Does anyone know what breed this is? It’s a bit big for a Maine Coone
Khajiit has wears, if you have the coin.
Smarf
It's gotta be shopped? Or it's just an illusion angle. If not, that cat is absolutely HUGE!
Wtf is that
Absolute fucking UNIT!
Golden Catriever
Where do you find Maine Coon kittens without paying an insane amount of $?  I've always wanted one but not for a $5k adoption fee at a breeder.
I had a chance to pet a cat like that. Their fur is so smooth and silky!
This cat is huge !!! 
WUT
Wtf
I would love to have a cat but not one that is the size of a dog. not sorry. 
I'm scared. 
Norwegian Forest cat
r/absoluteunits 
I would be amazed every time it didn't kill me
I didn’t realize how close the camera was to the cat. I thought the car was taking over half the couch at first. 
“allowed?”
That would be a Golden Pushercat
O H  L A W D  H E  C O M I N’
That's Lotus!! What a beautiful cat!!
a silly question, but um how do you manage all the faeces sticking to your cat’s fur?
Never knew cats came in monster sizes
Gargantucat.
House pet demons, cute
Woah, this guy is domesticating big cats
Big, golden ball of fluffy joy!
Not pictured, the most tremendous dingleberries you have ever seen.
What kind of puma is that?
Khajit IRL
Maine Coon?
Not  real.  Show more 
What the hell is that thing???!
I would love a housecat this size.   
I'd love to own it, but I hate to imagine how my family's beagador would react to it as well as having to clean up his litterbox.
I hope his name is Helios, or something else sun related.

(I am assuming its male because of the head) 
That’s a Coeurl if I have ever seen one
What breed is this?
Achooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!
OH LAWD
:O
Jesus that cat is in the territory of " The cat ate my baby"
Now *that* is a proper house lion.
thas

thassa big 'un
That is a regal looking cat.
More like a lynx
That is not a cat
Not sure if your cat is big or youre just small.
/u/titletoimagebot
What an absolute unit
I'm sure someone gonna cross post this to /r/absoluteunits, then another picture to show the girls is only 2 1/2 tall in /r/confusingperspective
Looks like a final fantasy Boss!!
that’s a small woman
Eh, close enough. 
r/absoluteunit
Ron perlman cat
I want a 🐦 a couple of 🐱's and a 🐕
That is the most majestic beast I have ever seen.

&#x200B;
Fluffy Boy
What type of dog is this i need one
What the fuck that cat is gigantic. Didn’t even know they came in that size.
Man, I'd love a cat looked this, I just couldn't handle the responsibility or give it enough attention
Fox-eared asshole
Maine Coons are basically the golden retrievers of cats, so I'd say you did pretty well
Snap! We have the girl version and she’s still only about a year old but still our mini lion :)
http://i.imgur.com/ZKfsRlG.jpg
Close enough
Bubastis
r/awwtf
I love my Main Coon!! He is not as big as the OP, but he is bigger than my Shi-Tzu. Poor baby is 19 years old and has terrible arthritis. 
[removed]
What do you do if that thing tries to kill you?
Absolute Unit!
Ron Perlman 
damn thats a unit
The most luxurious cat money can afford.
Is that a lynx?
Those toe tufts are perfect
You must be um...petite
what kinda cat is that?!
What kind of cat is this?!
As a city Health Inspector it's heart warming to see such a cute little fella not stuck to a glue board behind a refrigerator
A magnificent dog (cat, just enjoy and love.  It will be worth it)
Magnificent...
r/absoluteunits
How old is he? Our pure bred Maine Coon is still not looking like this ( 1,5 years old ) 😭
r/absoluteunit
Where’d you get the couch from tho
Looks like Ron Pearlman
I can imagine getting scratched by one.
Majestic af.
That's a kavat, not a cat
looks exactly like Ron Perlman
That's either a tiny person, or a giant cat...
i have a 150 pound Newfoundland, one night i was late getting off work and he couldn't hold it so he pooped in the cat's litter box. kind of  freaked me out at first thinking the cat left a 7 pound turd in his box... but it was nice of the dog to be so considerate 
That cat looks like it will give out wisdom to kids in a children's cartoon.
That thing will kill you
I want one
I must have one....
Majestique
Magnificent!
Looks like a damn Pokemon.
Golden fur and being a mammal are only similarities 
What kind of dog is that???
Wow is that a baby lion?
I love him!
r/girlswithhugepussies
I'm just thinking about the hair that cat sheds.
My cat sheds everywhere!
Majestic.
Is that even a house cat?Looks more like a tiny lion.
What type of cat is that?
Muh-frekin-jestic 
Then you get a Golden Cat Reaver.
Nah that’s Ron Perlman 
Very L O R G E Cat.
This cat is an r/absoluteunit 
r/absoluteunits
That's an ocelot.
Sheer evil.  
Such a pretty kitty! 
Excuse me what is the cat version of a boofer
Bobcats aren't normally that furry.
Its gotta be half lynx 
You compromised and got a lion?
Oh what a magnificent beast you have!!! 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
Falkor strikes again!
What?
That is a LARGE cat
AU! 

That cat looks like a blond Ron Perlman. 
In awe if the size of this lad
Absolute unit

Holy shit, that’s a GIGANTIC cat!!!

How the he’ll did it get so big???
What’s it like not having allergies?
W    H    A    T
Absolute unit
When you want a lion and you get a lion
Now that is a CAT. What a beauty.
Is that a lynx? 
He is glorious! 
Big kitty
Stunning
/u/titletoimagebot
Ron Pearlman taking no shave November too seriously 
That cat is significantly cooler than some golden retriever.
That's not a cat that's a beast!
ABSOLUTE U N I T
Holy greatness 
When the landlord says no dogs period.
Wow. 

 What kinda cat is that? 
OMG! I thought my long haired grey was huge.
Wow how...how do you get a cat that big
r/AbsoluteUnits

If he would beat me like my Cat does i would be dead by now 
He has become the long boi
How are he do it?
If this is somehow real what breed is it?
r/absoluteunit
Is this a lion?
What kind of cat is this? Very majestic.
This isn’t even my final form
I have a Golden Retriever and his name's Chad. 
I bet they're expensive cool giants to
I want one

What type of cat is this?
What the facking huge cat! Nice!
Reminds me of the black and white Maine coon I once had named Lucifer.
is this is first post that reach 100K?
I miss my Maine Coon so much 😭😭😭
I give my Main Coon a number 2 shave all over but keep her fluffy tail. Why,  because I'm in Australia and it's like wearing a puff jacket in 35deg+ heat.
Bad photoshopping. Lines don’t match on the sofa
I want one I love that cat
"excuse me lady but you have an apex predator on your couch" 
A Norwegian forest cat?
If so I have one they are great.
Yeah that's too big. No murder fluff for me.
Closest thing to a Golden Retriever a cat can be.
/u/cerys98
looks more like a lynx
A silver disbursor works fine
Holy crap 

Is that person tiny or cat mooohooosive?
What kind of breed is this?
What species is that, he/she is so cute
How do I acquire a cat as large as that. My cat is a jet black Siberian. Love him so much 
I don't think its wise to let your pony get on the sofa like that...
That cat takes shits bigger then your head guaranteed
/r/GirlsWithHugePussies 
Teacher: "Cats will eat you after you die if left alone long enough"

Me: "no way a cat could do that"

*See's post*

Me: "ah I see"
Close enough...
So jelly. That's a handsome cat
Didn't realize that Leopards could be domesticated.
Holy cat-dog!!
That cat looks territorial
When you're only allowed a cat, but you end up with Ron Perlman 
Ron Perlman lookalike
And what exactly is this sweetie hunting?? My heart? Jokes on you knucklehead. You already have it.
bubsy without shirt
Wow!! 😻
If that cat told me to kill someone, I would.
