Boston terriers are awesome but keep your mouth closed unless you like dog tongue 😝 
That is the smile of those who have found heaven on earth, perfect contentment.
Lost our Dixie dog a few months ago.  Same dog, same name... great breed
Dogs are the purest embodiment of love. Great pic OP and congrats on your little shoulder warmer!
She looks so happy to have joined your family! 
Does anyone else love that deep inhale a sigh a cat or dog makes once they’re laying comfy and warm on you?
This is way too pure.
Dixie is a strange name for a adult male with a mustache. 
I will never not upvote a Boston, especially not one as happy and serene as this. Enjoy every moment with her. 
Come join us over at r/BostonTerrier. We love them so much, you could post your girl Dixie 10 times a day and no one would complain. 
I would rescue all the Boston’s if I could
Nick Frost, your new dog is ADORABLE
Bostons are such great dogs. We have two.  They love people and are so smart. 
Is that Nigel Thornberry?
That’s a fine dog to go with a fine mustache. 
Smashing!!
The face of a dog that won the puppy lottery.
You both look blaaaaazed
Have fun. My BT is around ten and still hasn’t slowed down. Still would love to get another one. 
Enjoy! I’ve had two Boston’s in my life. Bubba and Bella. Bubba was with me 15 years, Bella is 17 years young now. They will love you unconditionally! You guys look so happy! Enjoy a lifetime of love from her!!!❤️
As a Boston mom I just want to say welcome to the world of being a Boston parent you will love it
The stoned dude or the dog?
Awesome tho!
I can’t tell who’s higher
If you two were any sweeter the ants would carry you away.  
Awww. I have an [8-year-old Boston Terrier myself named Sophie](https://i.imgur.com/VbzCBxK.jpg). If you've never had one before, let me tell you - you're in for *a lot* of fun and joy and love. They're so awesome, and they'll make you so happy. They're such great dogs. Thank you for rescuing her ❤
/r/eyebleach material right there!
The most wholesome doggie smile 
Iggy!
You're okay girl
That’s a cute dog you have Nigel Thornberry
Does a dog's smile like that actually mean they're happy? 
Such a cutie!!
Beauitful :) rescuing fur babies saves my soul a little 
Is that a painting of your dog in the back 
I remember when I had a pup like this. He was a very energetic little guy. His name was Toto
I too have a Dixie. It has shortened to "Dix" over the years which is awkward to yell in a park when she's acting like a dumbass. Happy pupper you got. 😍
How high are you?
The dog looks pretty happy, too!
Well Dad looks high as a kite! Sounds like a perfect Sunday to me!
What kind of dog is this? 
So is that part of your shirt, or is she sleep drooling all over you?
What shutter speed did you shoot this at? It’s not even blurry at all! Impressive photography skills considering I’ve never seen a Boston sit still! Very cute. 
Fun fact : dogs dont smile 
how high are you?
*LOVE*   Watch out tho; their tongues are 'surgical' and will invade your orifices. 

Edit: just saw others mentioning this and your reply.  Lots of long tongue kisses for you in the future ;) 
She is relaxed as if she was with her mother!
He's gorgeous!
she lovvvvvvves you!
I also have a Dixie. When people ask why we named her that I say, “She’s like the cup, short and stout”.
/r/PuppySmiles 
Stoned as hell :)
That is adorable. He looks so happy, as do you xD such a lucky dog (and person haha). :3
It is very happy now.
Your post made me very happy...

We rescued a Boston and she is an amazing little animal, I have never loved a dog like I love her.
Rescues > anything else.  There is a tangible difference in how they feel and act toward you.  I've always bought from breeders and pet stores until recently.  Rescued my border collie from the humane society and she's by far the most loyal and loving dog I've ever known.  


Sturgill Simpson?

Have you seen the famous Boston Pout yet 
Ahhhh! Boston terriers are the best. Way to go!
beautiful smile, and he has a nice mustache too! 
Awww! We have a Boston too. Such a great breed. At 11 she still acts like a pup and is a major goofball. She is snoring contentedly next to me right now making little snorting noises lol.
Boston’s are the best!! We have 3 “rehomed” ones 👍🏼
Rescued a Boston! Wow that’s amazing, they aren’t often rescued breeds. Have fun Boston’s are the best! :) 
I never thought i'd see the day my brother made it to the popular page! I still have to meet Dixie in person 😍
That might be the best doggie smile I’ve ever seen
The puppy is so content with life!
Awww
This is a wonderful pic that made my heart lighter ty
Dixie!
Still a better love story than Twilight.
Aww, she is sooo happy! I just lost my Boston the the other day who would have been 14 years old today. I miss her so much. 
Oh my god
That's one epic smile (:
You got anymore pics?
Aww she looks so happy 
The cutest baby of them all! 🤗 So adorable 
Cute dog 
I had a Boston Terrier named Dixie when I was little. Pretty sure she was possessed by something worse than Satan. Fun dog, the little shit. 
Aww so cute... Care to share the backstory on how you rescued this sweetie dog?
Man, congrats on finding a Boston terrier in a shelter. 
You've got a pal for life there bud!
My childhood cat died today, your picture helped cheer me up a little because he was also a rescue. Thanks OP.
That's so cute a picture of you and your dog
So precious :) Unconditional love
Looks just like my boy!
Awww what a cutie❤️
Awww. I miss my baby Maya. Now onto a life filled with love. 
Boston’s are best!! 
What a cute little guy....or is it a girl?
Dude you look like you came straight from r/trees
Ha i think i just stole a horse carriage from this dude in Red Dead 2.  
Are you a fireman or cop because you look like one no insult
Oh my heart, that smile is worth a bajillion words. Bless you for caring for that doll. ❤️
She's a little sweetie! 
What's the dog's name? 
That dog is in living her bliss. Very heart warming. ❤️
Nice! What’s the dog’s name?
Your eyes say it all
Oh That's So Beautiful 
Ha, I always knew Nick Frost was a dog person!
TIL that Barry Pepper is a Redditor 
Odd name for a dude with a mustache, but to each his own. 
“You my papa now” 
I love Dixie’s mustache 
Smashing 
Awsome 
Did it come with that porn stache, or did the groomer do that?
Is this one of the thornberries?
She’s adorable! She looks just like my brother’s dog. 
He’s a handsome boy...that beard..how he cuddles puppy...

Good job
The dog looks pretty happy, too!
Dixie has quite the moustache 
Are you Nigel Thornberry 
SHE LOVES YOU OMG
Is your last name 'Greener'? I have a buddy you looking identical to.
HAPPY PUPPER
Reminds me of [this scene](https://m.imgur.com/gallery/Uqj9xFa)
Which smile?

:)
Very good baby!
Perfect pupper
Boston's are my favorite.  I'm listening to one snore right now!
This picture warms my heart. Thank you for rescuing that sweet baby!!!
She's so beautiful! Congratulations on your new addition!
God I love Boston’s. Super expressive dogs
Glad that the guy got saved. That moustache though 😆
I hope every living being finds this level of happiness. 
I fucking love Boston terriers. I had a great one named Tuffy and he would run around and snort and do crazy fast spins and backflip off your leg. Miss that dog.
is dixie the human or the dog?
Boston's are the best! I could care less if they fart and snore. They are smart, loyal and great with kids and other dogs. 
My sister had a boston terrier when i was 5-16, sammy was great. He was suffering from cancer and he had to get put down. Before they went to the vet my sister held him in her hands, crying for hours in the backyard in the grass. Great dogs.
r/puppysmiles
Hi Nigel Thornberry
I rescued my old man Boston terrier about 6 yrs ago— he was the light of my life!!! Congrats on your new family member :) 
Funny enough, one of my best friends had a Boston Terrier named Dixie growing up. She was the coolest dog.
Dogs=pure goodness. 
Do sweet!
[deleted]
When is super troopers 3 coming out!??
aCTuALLy DoGs dON’t sMiLe 
French bulldog?
Oh my gosh cuteness overload!
You're baked hahahaha
Rescuing a pupper - 10/10

Puppers happiness - 10/10

Mustache - 11/10

Fantastic work all round friend.
My dog only smiles like that when she's about to throw up 
How wonderful! Best to all of you! ❤️
story?
Which one is which? You both looked like you rescued each other
Oh my God!! So cute!!
So much happy. 
Good human.
I love Dixie give her all the pets for me. I'm not drunk I just have fun 
Oh my goooooood
Omg this is precious!!!!
[deleted]
And what is the dogs name?
Doggie in love with  you ...Bow Wow
Whose smile? :)
Love hooman fowever and more
Well isn’t that just really cute 
So adorable!!!
Blessing.
Awesome
We have 2 and have had a total of 3 and they are the most loving dogs anyone could ever imagine
Earning the love of a dog, is a most special gift. 
Aw, my favorite doggie is named Dixie too.
Your eyes say it all
Beautiful!~
What a sweetie omg 😍
Make sure she wants for nothing.
This makes me happy 
What an amazing pic. Smiles all around.
I love this. ❤️❤️❤️🐾❤️❤️❤️🐾❤️
He clearly likes it!

Omg that is beyond precious! She is obviously well loved and loves you back 100x more. Dogs are the best!!
Now that is just too cute
Rescue dogs are the best!  I got my rescue from a bum and he smiles like this all the time.  It melts your heart!
Oh man, gonna go hug my Boston now 
So happy <3
Bostons are awesome. Way to go. 👍🏻
Dixie is happy now.
Can dogs actually smile and be aware that they're smiling?
That is the sweetest thing!! The epitome of happy right there!
is that a painting of Dixie behind you too? Legend icon star. 
We rescued a guy around the same time and he does the same thing to me! I posted a pic a few days ago. It warms my heart when a rescue finally settles in and realizes they are loved.
Awww...bosties are the best!
Awww She is so sweet! What a lucky pupper and human. 😊
Nawwww, I just want to kiss that smile. 
The smile on the Hooman says it all. 
Bostons are so loving. Best apartment dog for sure. They can be loud but they have the best snuggles
Looks like you're both stoney bologna.
You're smiling Because of Winn Dixie 
Aww she's adorable!
I'm glad Dixie found a nice dog to take care of him.
You two are gorgeous 🤩
Good on you.  Great photo 
Do you want me to melt into the ground?
There really aren't any words to describe the amount of contentment, love, and joy in this picture.
I have 2 Boston rescues. Current 2 make my 4th and 5th Boston’s in 20 years. Amazing breed, and rescue is the only way! Congrats on the love!
Rock solid.
The dog looks high af
Destined to be with you all 😭
So special!  I love Boston Terriers, we have two. 
Who's the imp. The lady hiding in the corner by the wall that mouths imp to me or me? What's up with you interdimensional things 
You look like some guy from some western that I’ll never remember 
Yessss :)
You look pretty blown brotha.
Did you like rush into a burning building or buy one from the pet recyclers?
What. The. Fuck.

Perfect picture!!  

Frame it man, it's incredible.

❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Not a whole lot fills me with warm fuzzies quicker than the sight of a happy dog. Thank you for showing her the love and compassion that put that beautiful smile on her face. 
That is one ugly cat.
Love Boston’s. My little girl is failing now, breaking my heart. Enjoy your little one!
That is one ugly cat.
It can't be!. It's you!. Iggyyyy
Is it just me or does this guy look like a fire fighter 
Lucky I've been trying to find a Boston. Super jealous 
Super aww 🤗
Yes it looks like you got him a nice shirt too!
D’ooohhhhh!!!!!!! Sweet girl!:)
I love this photo so much 
Uh, is that you Keith? 
Uh, is that you Keith? 
That’s beautiful. Thank you for being such a nice person. 
BT's are the best
Hot damn......so cute and loving....
That is one happy pupper.
Farva and his dog. Beautiful
Smashing!!!
Oh my the cuteness just pierced my soul
cute :)
Erlich Bachman, this is you as an old man
Awww, what a cute smile...I bet she just farted
"This is my human. There are many humans in the world, but this one is mine."
to you barry.
omg
Dave is the person, yes? 
Daisy seems nice, but what's the dog's name?
Doing God's work, man. I'd love to rescue some, once I get a place of my own! 
“Hey Farva what’s the name of that restaurant with all the shit on the walls?”
Dixie is cute as heck. What is the name of the puppy?
Now that is one happy pupper! 
One of my first pups was named Dixie! Great name, and super rad, pup! Thank you for rescuing them! Also a rescue owner. That's a great thing you did! 
-biting lip in anticipation of Karma-
Boston Terriers are an absolute joy. Enjoy it! 
Glad you guys found each other. Be sure to give that pup plenty of hugs
R/bostonterriers 😭😭😭😭
Glad to see that reports of Barry Chuckle's death have been greatly exaggerated.
What a special pup. I moustache you a question about Dixie, is Dixie always this happy? 
Dogs don’t even smile like humans
Actual dog people understand this 
Yes but who is the dog
Puppie is smiling, so cute
Ahhh Dixie has a cute mustache and red shirt. 
Dude, how much did you guys smoke before this? Haha
That’s awesome! I just wanna give her kisses!! 😚
Dixie has a nice red mustache and red shirt.
Dixie loves her dad - the cop.
Are you Steve Lemme?
🔠
Boston Terriers are the best!
You’re a lucky man 
I used to have a motorcycle I named Dixie, but my Dixie wrecked.
I just gotta put it out there, you look high af
You’re a lucky man 
10-guy is all grown up.
They both look really high.
So sweet!
U did well mate. Congrats on a job well done. I dont know who is happier!!
U did well mate. Congrats on a job well done. I dont know who is happier!!
Good for you Kripp!
So very sweet. Are you sure who rescued whom?
Yeah but can we talk about that dogs smile for a second? 
Are you Nick frost?
GIVE ME THE CHIILD
Awww she loves you!
AW! I had a pitbull pupper named Dixie. She was a big doof. Congrats on your cutie!!
Luv Dixie's little moustache <3
u put the dix in dixie 
AW! I had a pitbull pupper named Dixie. She was a big doof. Congrats on your cutie!!
I desperately need to see more of Dixie.
Why am I crying? Damn ninjas cutting onions again..
adorable dogie :)  
Test

I ❤ you for being wonderful people and rescuing little, Dixie! 🙂
You’re an absolute angel. This makes my heart so happy. 
That mustache says it all.
She looks like the happiest dog on the planet! :)
Dixie's mustache is great
What a happy pupper :)
Awwwwwwww
Your smile or hers?
Dixie's mustache is great
Nigel Thornberry is that you??
You’ve both been on r/trees too long I see 
Just out of frame, Dixie is pooping good.
And the doggie has a great smile, too!
Bless you, kind human. 
Dixie believes you and feels relaxed with you
She has a cute mustache
She has a cute mustache
Maximum friendship ... love that dog's happy smile, now tell me they dont have facial expressions... 😉
Oh that is fucking adorable!
I have a Boston too, she is a very good girl how old is yours
They rescue us

Dixie's new owners are the best. 

Another happy story
This made my night. Bless you humans for doing this.
Such a content cutie
Thats one content looking dog. Good stuff.
He is. Now happy
OP looks toasted in this pic.
What is that a painting of behind you? 
Adorable.!!!! 🐶 
Are you Bryan Trottier’s cousin?
Incredibly cute. A man who is sweet with animals is immediately hotter. 
😍
Pattern on the t-shirt or drool patch? 

That’s One happy Doggo! 
Boston's are the best dogs.
A picture says a thousand words
She looks like she could be my pups little sister and this absolutely melted my heart
Wholseome AF and I just love it so very much 
Yours and her smile!
This is literally the cutest and most wholesome thing ever! 😍
Bostons are the coolest!
headbutt bulldog
You gave this sweet little baby a new lease on life. Thank you ♥️
OH MY GOD my heart just melted out of my chest 
So happy
Now that's a happy pupper!
Nice
[removed]
This smile is telling, Dixie is in heaven on earth.
Lk
The guy looks like Mike from Spaced!
Which one?
More awesome pics of Dixie please!!!
I have a Boston Terrier and honestly I think they are the sweetest little balls of fur.
I’m surprised you can find a Boston that isn’t a puppy bc they are such great dogs. I had mine 13 years and he passed 5 years ago and I still think about him monthly.  
I have so many questions. What is she? Is she full grown or a puppy? Can I have her? What's her personality like? Can I have her?
r/mademesmile
Cutie!
Can we just stop and take a minute to talk about how beautiful his mustache is?
Took me a while to figure this out. I've got sleepy eyes still, and the dark brown bit looked like a rat and the grin like a rat tail!

Eventually saw one happy girl though!!
then what's the name of the dog?
Yay
She is so content! Thank you for rescuing her!
Such wholesome
You sir, just made my day a little brighter. Thank you.
This is wonderful. That smile makes my heart sing. :) 
R/bostonterriers 😭😭😭😭
Is that you, Iggy? 
Is this a pure breed Boston terrier? Cause I have a mixed Boston terrier that looked just like this as a puppy.
r/PuppySmiles/
I'd say she is a tad greatfull, feels good doesn't it. 
Oh my god so pure
Wow, just look at that smile. Beautiful. 
Go Dixie, you hit the jackpot beautiful girl 
Why does it look like he's wearing a table? As in it looks like the dog has its head on the table and so do you? 
That's amazing, the dogs really cute too 
Boston’s are wonderful dogs Enjoy
Ah so cute😍
Boston's are literally one of the best breeds. 
Oh wow this absolutely melted my heart This is the most genuine smile I’ve ever seen
That mustache says it all my man...that shit is STRONG!
I love his mustache
Awesome
Which one? They’re both so cute.
That’s one happy pup. 
Awww this needs to be cross posted in r/wholesome
My heart dropped bc I had a Boston Terrier named Dixie that went messing a year or so ago... I still think about that dog often, my absolute best friend :(
Hey friend, so how many weeds did you take prior to this picture? And did you share it with your owner cause he looks baked as hell.
Awwwwww
Y'all both look super happy. 
I'm glad, that makes me a bit happier today. 
Thanks. 
Cute! And the dog smiled too!
Dixie is also my sweet girls name..and she is just as rotten.
Dude, are you Sturgill Simpson?
And your smile *bleeds* incest

I think this would go well on /r/dogsmirin
Smashing. 
Nice!! I have a frenchton! 
Best breed ever!
I loved you in Super Troopers.
omg hes so cute
You look like the dad on Wild Thornberries
I wish there was more people who rescue dogs than buying dogs
Beautiful. Boston's are an amazing breed. You will have so many happy times together.
Hero! Dixie looks so made up 😁
She woves you hooman!
That smile certainly does. Awwww. Have a good life together
The doggie smile is good too
I spell God: DOG
So sweet! 
Dog hugs are the best!
Used to hate Boston Terriers, but they just have such amazing personalities that make them amazing.
[deleted]
You look so stoned.
We rescued a 3 month old pit pup yesterday. She and her siblings were being raised by a meat dealer south of Mexico City. Mom and 4 pups were saved and are now in OC California. 
Is the name Dixie because the coat has segregated colors?  
We don’t deserve dogs
[deleted]
Awww! Doggo smiles are the beeest! And a friggin' schweet stache to boot!
Car crash? Burning building?  Hostage situation?
You look like that Norman guy meme
Yes but what about the doggo’s smile 😝 ?
I absolutely love Bostons ever since a young one showed up at my relatives place and I got to swipe him up <3 Was ~8 months and the very first we did when we got him home was get him snipped LOL Dont worry Tobi, I'm a vet student, it's for your own good :3 

EDIT: Ok... The downvotes must mean yall thought I snipped him but I did *not*. I took him to a real vet but of course he comes home minus 2 testicles and plus 1 cone with the face that said "why ;-;" 
Aw! What's the dogs name?
“Dogs can’t smile, rah rah rah stop anthropomorphizing reeeee”  obviously /s , I get in this argument a lot. Clearly dogs smile. I’m definitely on your side, guys. I love dogs and love seeing them smile. Just fed up with people arguing about how they can’t smile and it’s harmful to “pretend” they can.
Amazing, are you sure that isn't "Photoshop"?
You look like you vote republican.
[removed]
Dogs cant smile bro
Its called Stockholm syndrome you monster!
