Mine just runs full speed into the screen door every time. I’ve stopped repeating the screen lmao

Edit:repairing
That's a dog who has run into a closed glass door one too many times
She didnt even open the door correctly
His nose clears the door!  Get this dog a physics textbook smh
My dogs are good at spotting the door, but not the screen, so they just run into the screen at full speed, to make sure.  
I love how his nose CLEARLY goes beyond his imaginary line. But he still goes with what he knows.

Good doggo.
"Halloween was a few days ago why is the Christmas tree up in there? " - dog probably
That’s the cutest thing I’ve seen today. 
Looks like a dog that ran into one before, mine is small so I had to place reflective tape along the bottom of screen for him..
Put a sticker on the screen door for the pupper.
Source: Jensen Kendall on twitter

Edited to add, yes they already put their tree up, video is from this year on Nov. 3rd (I saw her commenting about it on her twitter).

New edit:  this silly pup now has an instagram since he's so popular (almost 700k likes on twitter).  His instagram is akelathegreat (cool name!) and he is a 1.5 yr old shepherd/husky mix.
or he is a vampire...
Lucky owners. I had a sliding screen door until my German Shepherd Mix ran through it fast enough to unhinge it. 
Once bitten, twice shy
I have bad news for you...I believe your dog is a vampire. 
According to the owner, the girl constantly thinks that it is a swing door, when it slides to open 
PTSD from all the super clean glass
We’re just not going to talk about the Christmas tree that’s already up ......?
Yeaaahh....I wish my dog did this. He tore the screen door and it suuuuucked.
This is one of the greatest things I’ve ever seen
What a well-behaved dog!
So did she close the door after? 
That's not how that screen door should open! Now we are the ones being tricked!
He’s just being polite. He knows he’s invited and welcome if you do that with the door.
You should get a sliding invisible screen door
Fool me once...
Nah, he knows that it’s open. He just wants positive assurance to come on in. What a good boy.
Awesome but I want him to not go through if the pretending is too lazy or the attitude isn't chipper enough
Oh my goodness, what an adorable dork. Also, kind of sad that he probably ran into the door one too many times to get to that point. >.> Still, adorable.
Or maybe he’s a vampire...
Im diggin the early Christmas tree..unless this is an old video..
Silly girl, it's clearly a slide door not a swing door.
My dog bats at the doggie door a few times before she feels assured that the cover isn't on. 
My dog is kinda like this. We'll open the door but he won't come in until we gesture for him to come inside. 
I love how patient he is. Neighbour's used to have an annoying little yappy thing that would wake me up every bloody night barking outside the door and jumping up at the glass if it was left outside for even 30 seconds...
Cute lil dummy :)
Adding to the comedy is that there is a huge open window right next to it. 
NO CHRISTMAS!!! Turkey day isn't even close yet.  This better be an old ass video!!!
Maybe the Christmas lights on November 5th fool the dog?
I love how the girl smirks upon realizing how silly the dog is
Bamboozle me once, shame on me

Bamboozle me twice...
“I am not falling for that one again!”
That’s hilarious. Great dog though! 
Awwww, he's so derptastic!
Ahahahahaaha, this is so adorable omg <3
That girl is over it lol great eyeroll
D'awww....he's the cutest 
Derp
Dog may be a vampire
Even the little girl thinks the screen in still there, what a crazy family.
Im pretty sure the dog had a traumatic expiriance with that door before. Thats why he is extra carefull
That dog has run face first into an invisible door one too many times. 
So did she close the door after? 
its funny that he knows that he doesn't ever truly know if it's open or closed
ok but why do they got a christmas tree up on november 5. assuming this was filmed this year.
Apparently it’s Christmas....
Put stickers on the windows. 

He’s hurt himself and is afraid to do it again. 
so funny😂😍
He may be partly blind
Christmas tree 
Too cute. I'd say he ran into the screen or glass door one too many times. That's why ours doesn't run through the patio door anymore lol.

My retriever used to do this all the time. You would have to open the door, call his name, and stick your hand through the door to pet him to show him there was no screen. He ran too fast into the screen a few too many times and it scarred him. 
He even sticks his nose through what 😂
That’s not how you open the slide door. 
My dog is kinda like this. We'll open the door but he won't come in until we gesture for him to come inside. 
Maybe he’s actually a vampire and he’s waiting to be invited in.
I have a glass sliding door and my dogs never ran into it no matter how clean, but it gets annoying because when my one dog is finished his business he runs to the back door and starts scratching like crazy while wiggling side to side, and gets his dirty paws all over it.
r/dogsarefuckingstupid
What breed of dog is this??? Our dog looks JUST like this and we have no idea what she is! 
Nope, no more bamboozles for this good boy
That was the best thing I saw all day 
_Who kept the dog out? Woof, Woof Woof Woof._
The dog is trauma for the glass door...funny :)
It’s a big dog!and so cute!cool!!!
Gud boi
Gud boi
Oh, he knows. He just wants you to come get him anyways.
It's silly, but this is the kind of stuff you remember.
What happens if they actually close the real door?
The humans are powerfull wizards, I've felt the power of their forcefield before.

 -Dog probably 
You already have a Christmas tree up?!
Love the kids expression... Like, "yea, we do this"
Isn't it waaayy too early for Christmas??
I would not be surprised to find out that in the dogs mind, the act of "opening" the screen door is you allowing the dog to come inside.  What I mean by that is that the dog realizes the door doesn't exist, but until you perform the action to allow the dog in, they won't actually come inside.
Someone please is explain - how early is too early to put up a christmas tree?! 
There is only one explanation for the snout clearing the door and the efficacy of poorly imitating the opening: 
The dog sees Beings that you do not. You physical presence is required at the door, not your imitation of opening the door.
Dogo is a vampire. He needs to be invited into the house.
Could be worse my dog ran into ours once and before we fixed it. He turned it into a doggie door. So now the corner of the screen is always lose because it's his dog. Damn beagle lol
Maybe she is just being polite and waiting for permission to enter?
Well trained dog , won't enter without permission. 10/10
Good doggy
This is the most precious thing I've ever seen. Good boy!
My dog bats at the doggie door a few times before she feels assured that the cover isn't on. 
He don’t get fooled again!
"who's a dumb dog...?"  You know you can say anything you want to a dog as long as it's in a nice voice.  Before you hang me out to dry here, I know he's a good boy!  #doglover 
The amount of things I pretend to do to make my dogs do things is ridiculous. I’m always giving them “new” food after the other went near theirs or I’m pretending to move the baby gate when they could have already fit through the doorway. 
😂😂
I love so much dogs, they're so loyal and friendly most time, mainly with children, they're defend us if someone try to attack us <3.

Unfortunately in my property they don't accepts pets on building =/
what an adorably stupid dog

I love it 
Nah. He's a vampire. 
Christmas Tree in November?? 
Cute doggo!
Twist: he knows there's no door, he just enjoys making his family get up and do stuff. Dance, puppets!
He probably thinks of it the same way he'd think of a command.
Somewhere between good training and convenient trauma. 
I hope she doesn’t open it like that when it’s actually closed.
so cute the dog!
My old dog used to do this due to running into the screen slide multiple times throughout the years.

Rest easy big guy.
Fool me once, shame on...shame on you. Fool me — you can't get fooled again.
That boye likes a grand entrance.  That boye trained his owners well.  
Plot twist: the dog is actually a vampire.
There's a beautiful sunset outside.

r/whatswrongwithyourdog
Plot twist:

Doggo is a vampire
Confirmed. The doggo is a vampire.
aww... what will you call it?
Loyalty or Foolishness?
he must be invited in
What a stupid bitch. (The dog AND the stupid bitch....)
This boy made my day...he is damn cute😍😍😍
he didn't open the door at all
:____ )
Aww... I think the owner got punked by the dog. The dog just want to make the owner opens the imaginary door before he makes the grand entrance like a boss :D
Already got that Christmas tree up
That boi got some serious trust issues.
He's actually a vampire and needs to be invited in.
Dogs are derps haha.
You know that boy ran his a$$ through a door and got in trouble 
some dogs run smack into the door and never try again.

my old dog ran into it so many times that we had to put vinyl window clings on the damn thing at his eye level so he would know to stop.
My mom's rabbit has learnt to open the baby gate she has installed to keep him in the family room area.
Omg that’s precious hahaha
She def can’t be a Door Woman...
Smart dog 
/r/whatswrongwithyourdog 
These are dumb creatures 
That’s a good dog hehe 
The look on that kids face is like "you have got to be kidding me dog. This is like the hundredth time..."
Fool me once bro
Illusion: 100
It's a vampire...needs permission to enter
Christmas in summer?
Upvoted for the Christmas tree!
PTSD from bumping into doors one too many times! 
Only one explanation, this dog is a vampire.
I used to have to keep our sliding glass door dirty or else our 135lb Rottweiler would come charging across the yard whenever my father came home, slam into the glass, injure himself, and screw up the door even more.

Poor dude.

My stepmother didn't believe me.  Decided to clean the glass since I was 'too lazy' and got the scare of a lifetime as he tried to barrel into what he thought were her waiting arms.

I wish he would done what this doggo does instead, buuuut he wasn't really smart enough. 
Such a good boy for waiting! 
6 hours up and Ladbible already stole it. 
It's too early for a Christmas tree!!!!
Despite my dog that constantly thinks that the glass door is open.
Good boy!!!!!! 😍
Do they pretend it's Christmas year round?
I love dogs that have that 'M' thing going on. 
Thanks I love it
an example of "learned helplessness" 
If you don't open,I just don't go out,I don't want to be hit by this glass door again.
He is a very good boy! Too good even!
Old dog? Cataracts maybe? 
Do it again, but this time open the door far away. 
he's a vampire, he needs to be invited in.
he's a vampire, he needs to be invited in.
Shhhh? My door only Creeks
[removed]
This is so cute
the goodest boi on this side of the rainbow
Everyone knows you’ve got to invite a vampire into your home!
What If the dog actually sees a invisible door to another dimension and he can only safely go thru this door to our realm of a human opens it? 
awwwwwww, my dog just attacks me
He made the mistake once, he won’t do it again.
My favorite part of this is the dogs nose passes the threshold of the door and doesn’t realize it. 
Poor little doggo has smashed his head into the invisible wall too often in the past. Now not taking any chances.
That dog is thinking.... Wonder if these silly humans still think the door is closed.
Suckazzzzzz!!
My sister ran into our screen door when we were kids. Our dog straight bulldozed through it.
This was my dog except there was an actual door where the screen had ripped so I had taken it out. She could have just walked right through, but no, I still had to open it 😔.
Too early for that Xmas tree.
r/whatswrongwithyourdog
This is precisely the difference between cats and dogs. 

Cats aren't this stupid.
What breed?
We really don’t deserve dogs. They are too special. 
When you’ve got trust issues 
Your dog is actually just a vampire. Lol, you dun goofed.
o p e r a n t c o n d i t i o n n i n g
That is so pure and adorable, I cant even describe it.
This dog has clearly been through somethings lol 
such a cutie!
Haha that girl has had enough of that that dogs shit lol 
Gah- I hope this is an older clip and they don’t have their Christmas tree already up. 
Good dog
I feel like this dog ran into that door pretty fast one time, and ever since then he's been like 'you won't trick me again!'
Maybe he actually knows that the door is open. But still waits for the "opening" gesture so that his owner is OK that he enters
My dog and dad did this once 
OP who are you because I’m tripping as that looks exactly like my little cousin in this video!?!?!?!?! I have watched it 20 times now 😂
Meanwhile God forbid we have the screen and glass doors both closed, because as soon as the glass is open she dashes through and boops into the screen.
lmao
It's just wrong to put up Christmas before Thanksgiving, (I'm a Saturday after turkey day gal) but I'm more upset over there not being a tree skirt. 
good dog good dog 
Meanwhile on Fridays this dog is out on the town drinking milk throwing back treats telling his homies, “So i can get these peasant owners of mine to open doors that don’t exist.”
I feel like this dog had a horrible experience with the screen door, and that he’s just making sure it’s open.
That's a silly big doggy. 
He's a vampire... Can't come in unless invited 
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. 
Count Barkula knows he must be invited in first.  
My dog reacted the same way when we replaced our back door for a glass one. My dad literally had to push him out the door!!
Definitely dont blame him there after probably running into an invisible (to him) wall so many times
Good boye so patient 
The doggoo probably ran full speed when the door was closed, 
Beautiful
Hahaha dogs are the best
Its Puppy Traumatic  Stress Disorder
If you pretend to open while closing it, will this booy hit the door?
I love the tired yet amused expression on the kid's face. She's done this before.
Dog is actually a vampire and needs to be invited over the threshold. 
He has trained his caregivers well. Lol
Aww such a sweet derp. 

But I kind of understand because from his eye level he would be looking straight through the glass pane and so he wouldn’t be able to tell if the door is open or not. 
100 percent chance this inspires a new Malcolm Gladwell book. 
I love the carpet! Someone help me find it!!
that's better than the opposite. I'm an expert at repairing screens. One dog thought it was her job to liberate the screens. 
"Don't forget to close the door"
Do you guys not have bugs?
Perhaps he is a supernatural being and he's just polite. 🙃
The most baffling thing about this video to me is there’s a Christmas tree up and the door is wide open. I know there are places where the climate is temperate and  this is totally normal but as someone from the Northeast, that part boggled my mind 
Pretty sure that's a vampire dog with short term memory loss.....
did Druids smear dirt over your carpet?
Such a cutie! (the dog, to be clear, I'm not that kind of Redditor!)

Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me muthafuka.
It is quite plausible that dog actually knows the door is closed. He's just commanded to "stay" until given a signal by the owner which was timed with getting the girl to open the door. Dogs are dumb but not that dumb xD
Just toss a tennis ball at his face. Show him there isn't a forcefield.
/r/whatswrongwithyourdog
Peeks head through the invisible door. Still waits for you to let him in, that's precious.
He’s probably confused as to why the Christmas tree is up!
LOVE
Ha! I respect that :) I love Christmas as well, but I think my wife would kill me if I tried to put up our tree right now. 
What kind of people already have a Christmas tree? 
Good boy. Safety first!
The force is not with this one.
Just put a large sticker in the glass.
Y’all put that tree up early!
Oh my gosh! Adorable!
I love dogs so much :( someone please send me all ur doggy pics 
Aww.

He must have had previous experiences where he ran into the door.
RE the tree in the room: was this video taken last year?? Cause Halloween ain't even cold yet, I'm not ready to see Christmas trees yet... :(
Or, more likely, he’s waiting for a common sequence of events: I wait here until a human comes over to give me permission to come inside. Dogs are the most rote learners imaginable. 
That Is adorable. 
r/WhatsWrongWithYourDog
Thats me in a nutcase when im drunk
what a good dog

&#x200B;
what if he's just very obedient and overthinks things?  i don't see a derpy boi, i just see a good boi.  a dog that really thinks the door is closed would simply scratch at it.  he knows it is open, he is being polite/obedient.  good doggo.
My fav part was when his nose clearly passed where the door would be..
I'm more worried about how that door moved. This girl might be from the future.
Open for me hoomens!
That invisible door won't stop me from entering the house! 
Made me think of my cat. She will 'hide' in plain view and act like no one can see her and peer out from 'behind' the imaginary thing she's pretending to hide behind. 
There are dogs who run's straight outside even if there is a obvious door or a glass door. Then there's this dog. 
Imagine the mind fuck if a second dog just walked thru the imaginary door
This is one of the best things I've ever seen
She’s so sick of his shit. Lol
Or hear me out the dog is a vampire and needs to be asked inside, but I have to say that is the cutest vampire I've ever seen. 
Try putting a 2 sided magnet on your screen door at eye level for him.
LOL
Illusion 100
Hehe... wait until they find out night that the dog is actually... NOSFERATU!
After running into the screen twice my dog does the same.
What did you learn too late in life, dog edition
Its November why is there a Christmas tree up. Or is it from last year?
Lol
She looks like she is going to pretend to close it.  Wish the video was a few seconds longer.  :)
You should close the screen and pretend to open the door.  See if he runs into it for the lols 
Seems he learned the hard way and is taking no chances. 
Life is better with dogs! I really love them! 
Poor thing must banged himself real bad in the past. 
“Guys come its cold, guys plz no open the door”
What would happen if you pretend to open the door while actually Closing it?
Now THIS is it chief!
Aww he's well mannered! 
The Windex dog
When we were installing a new fence in our backyard, we took down everything except for the gate. My Pomeranian ran up to the gate and waited to come in. I kept calling for him to run around it as there was no fence left, yet he kept barking waiting for me to open the gate lol. 

  
Dogs are dumb but cute.  

I'm a little angry that if I was to leave the patio door open during Christmas I would give all my relatives hypothermia :( (I.E Canada)
Machine learning.
Fool me once....we’ll, you just can’t fool me again!
That's a good boy if I've ever seen one.
Aww my Saint Bernard dozer is the same way with the leash we hook him up on when we put him out back. We don’t put him on a leash anymore, because he doesn’t go anywhere, but he doesn’t come inside until we bring out the leash and drop it in front of him.
My dog would stay outside the door and wait to be unclipped from his line (we didn't have a fence) even after we stopped using the line, he wouldn't come in over the threshold unless I reached behind him and made a click noise like I was unclipping him. 

I miss that dopey little guy. He was great. 
People already have their Christmas trees up?!
Pretty sure this dude learned it the hard way after 2 new glasses and 2 bruised noses.
Do you guys just not have any insects whatsoever where you live? If I leave my door open for more than 8 seconds, I get a shitload of moths and flies and midges and all sorts of other nightmares in the house.

And I live in a damn suburb!
That dog is secretly a vampire. He needs to be permitted to enter in a language he understands.
Is it December on the other side of the planet?
Naw this is just dumb hoomans. He tells his friends how he has his hooman trained to open the door for him. 
Perhaps it was just one too many childhood trauma.
r/animalsbeingderps
u/vreddit_bot
Adorable!
Your dog is a vampire.
I feel like Windex is gonna wanna use this clip for a commercial.
He's obviously hurt his nose too many times. He learned from his mistakes. So he's smart.
Lol. I can watch funny dog videos all day. 
I think the dog is just trolling......... it knows the door is open but wants you all to pretend to open it anyways :D
This so cute😍
I know this is not the case here, but it's insane to me how dogs go nearly blind but compensate with their other senses and no one can really tell.
Never have I used ROFL so truthfully before now.
Two problems I have with this:
1. Why is there a Christmas tree up already? I would hope this is an older video but I don't know.
2. Who opens a sliding door that way??
A good boi.
Dumb re dog
As a Canadian it makes me uncomfortable seeing a Christmas tree, outdoor greenery and an open door. 
At one point, before the young girl "opens the door", his nose definitely "goes through the glass"
Merry Christmas!!!!!
If you have a "invisible buried dog fence"  then he might think his collar might go off unless you do that
"According to his owner..." read as "The person who originally posted"
What do you mean he...thinks...?! 0_0
u/vreddit_bot
Who the fuck opens a screen door like that tho
Little early the have the tree up though, it’s only November... or does the time difference mean it’s already Dec over there ?
Dogs are not that oblivious, he was just trained to stay until receiving the signal he could go.
Trawwma.
Now pretend to open it by it don't and see what happens.
Or its really a uninvited vampire. 
Are we already putting up christwas trees?!
/r/AnimalsBeingDerps 
He even put his face past where the screen would have been lol
Maybe he's a vampire. 
Thought a sliding door would be better.
A Christmas tree already?
I suddenly understand Mr. Peanutbutter so much more and Dianne so much less.
No one gonna mention how the christmas tree is already up
dogs are so dumb lol, don’t know how anyone could prefer them over cats 
Classical conditioning 
What an adorable idiot. 
"I just love mimes. I trained these hoomans very good. They put on a mime show for me every day!"

&#x200B;

Because doggeh's nose went through the 'closed screen door' at one point.

Either that or he just wants permission to enter. :)
Stupid doggo
bit early for a christmas tree
Probably bumped his head so bad into a clean glass window before...
So animals have memory of previous incidents? No way. They are inferior to humans according to Christianity... and Descartes. 
Plot twist: the dog is actually a vampire and needs to be invited in
Vampire puppy, really cute
You have a Christmas tree...... IN NOVEMBER?
I heard there are theory about some dogs, which says they need permission from human to enter the house. 
I heard there is theory about some dogs, which says they need permission from human to enter the house. 
haha.. very adorable dog.
What a dumb dog
That is a good dog

You probably have a hundred+ of these comments 
But it cannot be overstated 
OMG we just had halloween and the Christmas tree is up already. Hope its a repost from last year or something. 
Maybe he doesn’t want to enter the house uninvited! Such a well behaved puppy! 
Or maybe he ran into one too many times when it was shut and has now learnt his lesson, in which case super smart puppy. 
r/DogsAreFuckingStupid
Maybe he thinks the hand motion is what gives him permission.
Poor soy boy
Hey dude, I think that dog might be a vampire
I’m the woof, let me in, let the Christmas begin
I think that there is a low, but non zero chance that they accidentally trained their dog to ask for permission to come in. I mean, the owners probably reacted generally positively when the dog started doing this. 
This must be the work of an enemy  
「ＳＴＡＮＤ」!
Basically dogs remember where doors are, if you have a dog that will wait outside until you open the door, when you remove the door, they're still gonna wait outside until you open that door...
A cat wouldn't fall for that shit.
Lol that's dumb even for a dog, had a great laugh, thumbs up
I love how his nose went through the “glass” but he still had no idea haha
What a dumbass 
Fool me once, shame on me!
Fool me once, shame on me!
That's a pup that ran into a closed screen door once thinking it was open, now he/she is gun shy and doesn't trust that door.  

Something similar happening to my dog, except it was an unfortunate encounter with a folded up metal chair.  The chair was leaning against the wall in the living room when I tossed his squeaky into the nearby corner. In his haste to retrieve he ran, slipped on the linoleum and knocked the chair over causing a mighty, metallic crash that scared poor Jack onto the couch and into my arms.  Ever since that day wherever that chair was Jack was most assuredly not. 
lovely, I guess he must butted his head against the door before.
i laugh so hard
What an idiot
Lol. Classic
My late dog used to do this as well and one time I actually closed the screen door and he ran into it. He had even bigger trust issues after
That is such a good boy.
'Dog fools Human into opening imaginary door.'
I suspect this dog has had feline training.
At least the dog has good manners
That’s great 
Illusion: 100
you already have a xmas tree?
no, i have dog like that.. he is just very polite and asking for permision to step in. 
Well he puts his nose inside so that sure isn't  the case.
Adorable :)
R/animalsbeingderps
Adorable :)
That dog smashed its head too many times.
He’s just been trained by people to only move when someone comes near the door and does the opening motion. Remove the door and he’s still trained that way. 
Staged af
Lmao. The dog doesn't think there's a screen there. Its waiting for you to give a signal for it to come in. You've accidentally trained the dog to wait at the door until u do that. You could probably get her to come in from across the room by doing that motion
Tree up already?
Am I missing something!!
Is there anything more stupid than this dog?
Why the hell is the Christmas tree out already?
Thats a polite dog 
At 12 years old, our dog used to sit like that in front of the oven door, scratching at the glass for us to open it. 
What is with the Christmas tree? 
Maybe he's a vampire dog, and needs to be invited in.
Safety first
Puppyhood trauma is strong with this one... 
这只狗一定有过撞上玻璃门的惨痛教训😀
What did we do to deserve dogs. 
Your floor looks like portuguese rice pudding

&#x200B;

[https://xtudoreceitas.com/receita-de-arroz-doce-a-portuguesa/](https://xtudoreceitas.com/receita-de-arroz-doce-a-portuguesa/)
Suprise.. 🤞 how many religions do you believe in
People are going gaga about the nose crossing the door border. Alas if doggo knows that much he would have a degree in engineering. 
What kind of a door swing is that.
Human, cast your spell of opening!
This has got to be one of the cutest things I've seen in the last 30 days
I guess in who knows where (usa maybe) this vid was take is okay to put a Christmas tree this early I'm not judging just amazed. 
Are you trying to heat the outside??  Jesus.
That's a doggo who's been bamboozled one to many times as a pupper.
Anyone else fixated on that gorgeous sunset? No? Ok I’ll just watch it by myself
Smart boy, you can never be sure with these stupid glass doors 😆
Or he enjoys making you stand up for no reason, what a cut dog
Try "removing" the door while he watches... Maybe that'll fix it.
Maybe he's a vampire? 
Sometimes the door is only in your mind.

Sometimes the Door is Ray Manzarek.
It's funny because his nose is already over the threshold in excitement of her coming over to *open* the screen door, hehe.
Dogs are fucking stupid.

I love them. 
This some cute shit
Love how his snout is already in the room before the door is opened.
Spoiler: it's not the dog, it's the kid who thinks you have to open the screen door. They trained the dog to go along with it.
That is the face of a dog who has ran into the screen door way too many times. 
He sticks his head through the doorway before she even fake opens it and he didn't figure it out. LOL.
Does he always wait for somebody to open it.. never even impulsively tries to come through??
I call bullshit, it’s clearly a sliding door and doggo would know that because he is clearly a best and smartest boy. 
Vampire dog needs to be invited in. 
Maybe he's just a vampire doggo
Probably he bumped his head on that door whe he was a pup 
thats adorable. 
I think the dog is broken
That's a dog who ruined a few screen doors in his time. 
Thats what being high is like
r/DogsAreFuckingStupid
TIL: Cats are smarter than dogs
Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
Yeah it’s cute and all....but who opens a screen door like that!?!?!
Ooooor you secretly have a vampire dog and he needs to be invited into the residence every time
I think he's really nice. 
OR it's a vampire hound, & must be invited in.
He must have hit the door one time to many.
His owner probably got him to run into the screen door too many times, now he has Post Traumatic Screen Disorder.
Stupid dog
/r/dumbdogs
Why is here a Christmas tree smh
These gifs will never not be adorable!
I like you.  The Christmas tree is already up! #BandTogether
Once burnt, twice shy.
So funny 
Plot twist: the dogs a vampire and requires you to invite him in 
love dogs😁👍🏻
😃perfect. dog is friend
when I fear to try again on life away! haha
99% people think dogs are smart. But they haven’t seen this dog.
Good guy repost
I like the way you said "his owner's".  Probably makes the fur baby tards cringe. 
Smart doggy 
r/dogsarefuckingstupid
This is both stupid and smart.
it's November why do u have a  c h r i s t   t r e e
Wow.

Dogs can be dumb.
Such an adorable idiot.
/r/AnimalsAreFuckingDumb
He's not not dumb, he's being polite and waiting for permission to enter.

And "permission to enter" for him = motion of opening the door.
Ok c'mon. Surely this is a sign of mental illness in dogs that nobody is talking about.
Dogs are so adorably stupid.
My hope is that he knows full well the door is open and just really enjoys this joke. 
It's not even Thanksgiving yet. 
/u/seoulbunny 
cute
Run straight at him and jump over him. That’ll give him a fright 
We have a dog that sort of does that.  He's actually waiting for permission to enter.
The gesture means *you can come in*.
That's not how screen doors open 
im more questioning how the girl opened a screen door like that
He doesn’t actually think it’s closed, it’s you waving your arm that gives the signal for him to go
r/kickopenthedoor
Did anyone notice they have their Christmas tree up?
Dogy
This is a stupid dog
Brainless degenerate 
Omg what an idiot hahaha
That dog is a good boy!
We don’t deserve dogs. 
“According to his owner.....” apparently you haven’t watched the video you posted. Dumbasss title!
