One time I was very sick with the stomach flu and couldn’t make it to the bathroom on time bc my dog was under my feet trying to get attention.   I projectile vomited all over her and she gave me the same look.   Just like why... why would you do this to me human 
That's why you need two dogs - the second dog would have the first dog cleaned up in no time (and be happy to do so).
Halo announcer voice: “Betrayal.”
Once I accidentally spilled a 6 oz container of ranch dressing on my dog, but he loved it.
apologise even though it was his fault
now bump into him when he's taking a shit to show dominance
He’s only sad because he cannot reach to lick it off. 
He's sad bc he thinks you intentionally spilled milk on him :(
No use crying over spilt milk... unless your dog look at you like this
APOLOGIZE TO THE PUPPY!!!
My dog always tries to bump me in the kitchen so I drop my food, this would show her!
It's Dee's fault... stupid bird. 
Probably cuz you’re taking a picture instead of cleaning him 
He knows bathtime is next. 
He blacc, he want a snacc, but above all he don’t get why u put it on his bacc. 
My dog made me stumble and spill a bowl of queso all over her this was a similar response except she was licking the queso off her back. 
hey, dad, it was my fault - the mess i regret

i'll lick up the milk, n the rest we'll forget

i don wanna blame you for being the spiller -

but I'm still a Good Boy - no cereal killer!
he looks so betrayed
[Reenactment of the crime scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nJtxMnvY3_4)
Black dogs are the cutest! 
Poor baby. They know when they done messed up. But I had a little pit bull who tripped me. I ended up on the floor, my sandwich went flying and Gloria ate it before coming back to give me ham-flavored kisses. She was only sorry I hadn't made two sandwiches.
LOOK AT WHAT YOU'VE DONE TO IT!
It's the "Hey, why did you do that" look
Awww that look on his face broke my heart. Clean him up!! ❤
Pet him
Meanwhile owner is taking 10 diff pics from all angle before he/she finally cleans the poor baby off lol 
/r/donthelpjustfilm
Awe poor little guy!
Ok so when my boxer was still with us, he had a tendency to knock over everything even as a trained dog since his hind legs were genetically stronger/more nimble (vet said this was rare and even paid us to send him to lab to test a few things out) and one day learned to knock over things to get food from it. For example I was coming home from school and got a hot and spicy chicken with some fries from McDicks. I went into the kitchen to greet my grandma and this big motherfucker kicks the fuck out of the coffee table where the food was on and splat goes half the fries down on the floor. I came back to a mess of potatoes all over and this smug bastard looking at me as if saying "aww thank you, you shouldn't have". I still miss that bastard every single day.
he thinks he did something wrong. COMFORT HIM! 
Since this post blew up so much I thought I'd share an update, this is Lucky watching The **Purge: Election Year** at my election party tonight. [Photo](https://i.imgur.com/tjbhOZD.jpg)
Oh my god!!! 😭😭
r/iasip
He's only sad that you dropped food and it landed somewhere he can't reach it. lol
Clean him up, you MONSTER!
cocoa dogberry crunch. 
Based on his face looks to me like YOU bumped into him. No innocent doggo would make that face. Apologize! 
Cereal killer
I know you didn't mean it, stop giving me the sad puppy eyes!
> he was very sad about it.

Only because dogs can't lick their backs very easily.
Is that Life Cereal?
Sometimes when I'm working at home my canine buddy will slip into the kneehole of my desk without me seeing him.  When I move my feet and accidentally bump into him I get the same look, like, "I'm sorry, please don't be mad!"  Makes me feel bad every time...
No nut November is getting out of hand...
I like it when dogs show the white part of their eyes. They look so cute
my doug would became a olyimpian contortnist and lick the serials
I'm just picturing OP frantically getting their phone out while trying to keep the dog looking ashamed. 
Am I the only one that thinks it’s silly to make your dog sit there with cereal and milk all over him so you can go grab your phone? He looks so sad. 
I sorry man, i didn't mean to. 
this is the k9 equivalent of "dude, drop the phone and get me a damn towel or I'm rolling in your bed"
That facial expression says it all.
That face
He’s more sad that he can’t lick the spill off his back. 
The worst part about owning a dog is it's always your fault
I like that most pics of black dogs look like just a dog shaped hole with two eyes 
Our roommates have a border collie that insists on laying in front of the entry door to the garage. It swings out instead of in like every other door in the home. 

Every. Fucking. Time. We pass through the garage we smack her with the door and she jumps up and acts like we startled her. Little dork. 

Edit. Poor wording
ofc he is sad.... you spilled *food* on a part of his body where he cannot eat it..... you sir are a tease!!!
That's the universal dog look for "Why was I punished in such a fashion? I only wanted to be as near to you as your own feet"

I love all my dogs but they totally believe they are as much a part of me as my own kidney, and try to be as close.  Leading cause of dog related accidents are paws stepped on with much the same look on their little faces.  I never know if I should be mad or if they should be...
Hooooman what have you done lol 
apologize bitch 
Black labs are the sweetest most loyal dogs ever. Any time they mess up, it's a complete mistake. Only thing is they make mistakes all day.
NO NEED TO CRY OVER SPILT MILK. 
omg those eyes!
[deleted]
He’s like “how could you” lol 
Once, I had the flu and I boiled a pot of soup. When I went to carry it back to the couch my dog tripped me and the boiling hot soup landed on him and down my legs. It was awful! I had to rush him into a cold shower. Left a tiny burn :( forever making it up to my dog
Do you guys spill your cereal on your dog before or after pouring the milk?
My best friend accidentally dumped a full 32 oz cup of ginger ale on her 16 year old Pomeranians head. He almost didn’t notice. Poor old man.
You dumb bitch. 
i hope you apologized

How dare you. I just had a shower. You can read all in the eyes. 
Look at that face. Forgives Him!
Lol! 

Awwwwwww he’s so sad now.

Such a good doggie!
Hahahahah, love it. 
Traitor! I came here to give you love, instead, you drop your cereal over me. :( 
Poor pupper 
Poor dog :(
dat look. such sad.
Awe he looks sorry! I hope you gave him some cuddles after
"But why did you do that?"
Y o u   B e t t e r   S a y   S o r r y
How could you
He is just gorgeous! What breed is he?
Please tell me you pet him after :-(.  Dat face
My dog looks exactly like your dog but I can't attach her photo. :)
In the arms of the angel...
Buddy spills shit all over his dog and his thought is "I should take a picture of this for Reddit" My first thought would be to clean up my poor dog so he doesn't have to sit in shit while I grab my phone and snap pics of him. 
sad because he can't reach it all teehee
you mean you bumped into dog
He's done this before. He's a cereal offender. 
He's only sad because he can't reach the cereal with his tongue.
Be more careful with your cereal!
Aw, mine would've been eating/licking it from her back as a victory.
Oh, you 
goodboi-e-O's 
And you took a photo instead of cleaning your dog. 
You took a picture instead of cleaning it up?
DoNt TaKe tHe PhOTo cLeAn ThE DoGgO
"Oh here we go again. Can you just clean me up instead of shaming me on the internet because of your clumsiness"
Maybe you poured cereal on your dog for a post
Umm, I think we have the same [dog](https://imgur.com/Zb2jR6J.jpg)

Edit: you can't see it in this picture but her back left foot has the same white toe
r/donthelpjustfilm
YOU APOLOGIZE TO THAT DOG RIGHT NOW
u/kissdogs
Exactly the look my dog would give me under similar circumstances. Very glad to have never thrown up on her though.
MILKY BOI
Y U do dis?
Aaaww and he can't even lick it off. His beautiful 
The dog cried over spilt milk.
definitely not the dogs fault
Better wash him rather than taking a photo
How about instead of taking a picture you clean up the mess you made. 
This is extremely upsetting. Clean and hug him!
My cat just head bumped my hand while I was holding a glass of wine. Got all over the cat, and myself.

Doesn’t even have the decency to look ashamed of himself. 
His face makes me want to say I'm sorry!
"Why.... why would you do this to me...?"
He’s just milking it.
Why u nuted on ur dog back. I mean it is no nut November 
Was he sad cause you punished him by busting a nut on his back
TRAITOR
One of the very few things that made me instantly laugh for real on here. Poor guy! 
"I thought you loved me"
Milky boy
Beat the crap out of it
So sad that you had to take a picture instead of to clean up your best friend. Shame on you. 
Cereal killer
Your phone in one hand and your cereal in the other and you say your dog bumped into you?   Blame the dog.  
Well yeah you’re taking the time to take a photo instead of helping your best friend out - clearly betrayal is in his eyes 
That reminds me of the time I dropped a bowl of strawberries and cream over my dog.  When she discovered the flavor of the delicious cream for the first time she was not sad about it at all! 
He was only sad because the cereal didn't land in his mouth.
Bc you are taking a picture of his shame/maybe he thinks you did it on purpose 
Your dog is sad because instead of cleaning him up you took a photo of him and posted it online like a goon.
bro I’d be more tight about you taking a picture of me lmao, like dude will you put that down and clean me
And you take a pic instead of cleaning him off. Nice.
He looks sad, and a bit scared he's in deep doo doo.
How about you give him a shower and clean him up instead of taking pictures while he's covered in milk and cereal? Oh wait, your fake internet points are way more important!
OP puked on his dog and the dog is sad. OP apologize.
get a towel instead of taking pictures smh that's why he's sad 
DID YOU FUCKING APOLOGIZE!!??
Apologize to him this instant
Is he... crying over spilt milk?
There’s no point in crying over spilled milk
Clean him up, you MONSTER!
ARE YOU SORRY?!?!?
It very obviously was an accident he bumped in to you, right? 
Im on his side
I thought you wrote he was very upset about it. 
[deleted]
awww poor little guy

also RIP loss of cereal 

just... an all around tragedy 
RUPALOGIZE RIGHT NOW
this is why you should always eat cereal from a cup
Frankly I’m surprised that stuff hasn’t been licked and gobbled up yet!! I think your dog is broken🤔
Pupper deserves the *Big Cosy Bath*
Well... do I really have to tell you what to do here?
Beautiful dog! 
u/titletoimagebot
The water shape on his back looks like a dragon!
you monster.
This happened to my dog but my mom was carrying a boiling coffee pot, we immediately dunked him in a cool bath, he got a scar on his fur.
Much better outcome than that cat + lady using a tablesaw story from r/personalfinance recently.
he's still looks cute tho.
Poor thing.... if that happened to my dog he would’ve eaten all of the cereal.
"I can't even reach it with my tongue! Plan foiled!"
I hope you said sorry
He knows it means bath time. 
Apologize! Then give the best dog a treat.
r/petthedamndog
Cooottt
bumps into you and makes you feel like a jerk about it. And they call cats assholes. /s
So cute :D Give him a kiss for me 
Aww why you do dis
Poor doggo. Pupper didn’t mean it!
He’s looking at you like it was completely all your fault lol. My dog used to do the same when it bumped into me. Luckily there was never any food spilled on her but she would still give me that look of “why did you do that?”  Even though it was her fault. 
I'm pretty sure our dogs are twins. Hi alternate dimension me!
Cute dog. 
Cuter choice of cereal.
Holy shit that looks like my parents dog! Is it also a terriador? (Terrier/black lab mix)
What kind of dog is this!?😍
Is ok fren.
I peed on my cat once.

He was a kitten and would sprint around the house without any idea of the risks. Just so happened to do it as I was going to the bathroom. Held his paws on the outside of the bowl and got a nice little stream before he ran off...
Another victim of harvey weinstien produces her photographic proof (2018) colourised. 
"But– but– I'm not part of a delicious, balanced breakfast!"
So you took a picture of him instead of cleaning that milk off?...
That is a face that says”you could have given it to me if you didn’t want it, I wanted it!”
My dog would be eating the cearel off his back 
How do we know that white stuff is milk.
Poor doggo
Awww...give that pup some belly kisses, pronto
Unless he's an only child, I expect there was a very happy dog out of frame eagerly waiting to help clean up.
I guess it wasn't his favorite  kind huh?? Haha poor poochie!!! 
I think I want a dog. 
“I can’t believe you’ve done this”
Only a dog could turn something that’s their fault into their human’s fault, but do it such a way that their human is laughing.

He looks so guilty, yet I think you should give him a hug
He looks super-cereal.
So instead of cleaning the dog, you get your camera out. For shame!
at least wash ur doggo first before posting a pic
u/titletoimagebot
"You frosted me with your flakes..."
Top 10 anime betrayals 
My dog does this on purpose and sucks down the food like a vacuum before I can catch him.
Man's best friend. 
He knows he has to have a bath now
What a beauty, maybe he's just saying, yo butt head, next time get it in my mouth.  My dog would be butt hurt as well, but would never miss out on the opportunity to clean it up.
Or is that the why did you do that to me I LOVESSS YOU?
He looks so betrayed lol 
They look like they're ashamed, but take the opportunity to roll in an animal corpse whenever they find it. Wouldn't feel too bad, OP.
No, he's sad you decided to take the time to take a pic instead of cleaning him.
Awww what a cute yet soon to be stankass boy! That is truly a sorry look.
Same thing happens with my shadow when I'm carrying a bowl of cereal to my bed at 3am 
Looks like my hand ;B
I thought that was a paintjob on the dog. Guess i should go to sleep.
She’s sad because it’s out of her licking reach!
Aweeeee those eyes!! I hope he got lots of pets after 
Really?!? Raisin Bran again???? This shit right here...
SAVE HIM
Cause he couldn't lick it.
Don't worry we all have " Accidents" that are really just passive aggressive revenge against our pets. My dog ate my sandwich so I took a long time to give the meaty treats Ha ha ha. (Evil laugh)
He’s like “why you do dis?”
is this your dog?
Poor fella
Hahahaha thank you for actually making me laugh!! My dog would be tooworried about how to eat that cereal to be mad at me
You monster!! That pour soul now has ceral milk all over her!
Poor baby probably thought you threw it on him!! :(
Does this mean bath time now?
Why did you put this on me 
Oops, looks like it's BATH TIME!!! Yay!!!!
Looks like we have the same exact dog. When I adopted him the humane society said he was a lab . Got dna test that said he’s a lab / stafford shire terrier/ chowchow mix. 52 pounds of awesome! What kind of pooch is that
You should be sad, you made your dog sad 
I laughed out loud at this omg
Look what you’ve done hooman.
Hooman v Dawg: The Ceral Defence.
Cinnamon Toast Crunch?
If that were a cat he'd be thrilled
My dog looks exactly like that!
''y u do this''
Quick !!!! Where’s the cat to clean that dog up ????
What is he?
Those eyes speak a thousand words
Did you at least share the rest of the cereal?
He thinks he did something wrong, show him he didn't 
I just heel dropped my dog while sitting up from the couch. I need forgiveness. 
Blackie?
Clean her before you take the picture 
This is the same look of betrayal I get when I accidentally bump into my dog or somehow hit him in the face. Of course after a minute of my profuse apologies he then gets suddenly excited and hurts me back somehow.
Were you?
Plot twist: He's an amphibian who is absorbing your cereal through his skin and is just tricking you.
Well say sorry!
The look of absolute betrayal.
I love dogs more than just about anything in this world, but when they just move into your legs/feet while you're walking I'm always at the verge of yelling WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOUUUUU - but then I remember that they only do it because they love you and want to be close at all times and then I cease to be angry lol. 
Life, eh?
Stop blaming the dog, blame humans.

Only thing he's sad is because he can't reach his back to lick it. LOL. Cute dog.
Looks like my dog! Does he have a curly tail?
Looks like we have a cereal killer in our midst. 
The only thing my dog would have been sad about, was not being able to reach the cereal on her back... :')
Look at those "What did I do to deserve this?" eyes lol
My husky bumped into me while I was holding fresh out of the microwave soup. It ended up on her, me and the carpet. I burnt the fuck out of my hand and fortunately she was okay. I was really sad about it because I was pregnant and looking forward to the soup. 
oof
Why is your dog two-dimensional
That’s the look I get from my wife when I spill milk on her-
/r/PetTheDamnDog 
Feist mix? I have one! I love her. She's such a spaz. 
I suspect he is sad mostly because he can't reach that spot.
i did this to my cat once but with hot oatmeal :[
“You said you loved me”
Im so sorry... but can i lick it???
He’s upset because you’re not licking it off
He looks like Michael Scott after Pam spills the eggs all over him in the Michael Scott Paper Company episode haha
CLEAN DOGGO UP, you FOOL
So instead of helping him out you took the time to take a picture of him to immortalize the moment your dog fucked up?...I probably would too lol 
He's clearly a cereal killer.
Your dog looks very polite.
at least it wasn't hot soup bowl, hot oatmeal bowl or hot spaghetti plate :)) why do we always say bowl of cereal? we don't say I had a plate of pizza, cant it just be cereal?  
That reminds me of a certain couch ..
Damn, can't even lick that...
His face says: I can’t even eat it!
I did that once to my puppy with tomato soup. He walked under my feet. I had to clean him up and I had almost no soup left 
SHE DIDN'T MEAN TO BUMP YOU, THOUGH! Look at that faaaace!
PUPPPY
Time to nickname him ‘Milkbone’
Taiwan dog?
You bumped him
He deserves an apology!
What's all the white stuff
He’s adorable!
That's not a big dog. You must be a small person.
You spilled food but I can't reach it with my mouth.. wahhhhhh
Golden Grahams?
Boom; sad dog. 
Oops!

“Hold on bud let me pull out my phone and take a pic for that sweet karma before I clean ya up”
They don't understand accidents so he thinks you did that on purpose.  You monster
They say dogs don’t understand when you make a mistake, so he’s pretty sure that you just dumped that on him out of anger and now he’s sad, according to the theory at least. 
He's more mad that u documented his failure and shared it with the whole doggo world 
😟
If I did this to my cat, she'd at first be so angry, but then be really happy.
I can’t believe you’ve done this. 
Honestly he’s probably more just wondering why you’re standing there on your phone instead of helping ya boy out 
I tripped over my mums dog (sadly passed) and spilled all my cereal over her. She just started licking it off. Miss that dog. :,(
Say sorry to him repeatedly and tell him he's a good boy!!!
You need to have this printed and framed under the title "Good Boye Cries Over Spilt Milk", then sell the shit out of them
Use a cup with a handle.

Easier to transport and drink the milk out of.
Aw :(
What kind of dog is that? He looks just like my black lab/pit!
Life cereal? Nice 
Those eyes!
He’s sad because he knows he’s getting a bath.
Awwh poor doggy :(
free snack
"I can't believe you've done this" -Dog
Now he a creamy boi!
That’s the look of when you get milk and cereal poured on your back.... wha wha 
"Human, how am I supposed to eat it back there?!"
He's look was terrifying. 
Why did you throw your gross food on me? :-(
My cats sometimes like to weave through and rub against my legs as I walk their full water bowl back from the sink. I fear that one day they will learn their lesson the hard way, but at the expense of my leg skin. And then being cats, they'll probably do it again a week later.
His expression says it all.  
"*EXCUSE U!?!?"*
I can picture you setting this up and your dog thinking "Why is he Rubbing milk on me?" lol
your dog looks so much like mine!! what bread is he
That poor baby 
[obligatory](https://i.imgur.com/JuongYL.jpg)
HAHAHA! 
I like cereal
He's sad because he cant get at it to eat it. 
Man I remember when my old roommate tripped over another roommates boxer after heating soup and dumped it on the poor dog. That scream he let out. He was ok and didn’t need medical attention. Still felt so bad for all involved. 
Lmao so hard! Reminds me of my cat!  Thank you for this!
This face really makes me miss my pup. Little dude would have this face if he was in trouble which made it impossible to be mad at him. That paired with rolling on his back. Love your pets as much as you can.
Now we have to decide who pays for the damages. You, for eating cereal so wrecklessly, or him for bumping into you. 
Maybe you bumped into your dog. He looks innocent to me
Awwwwwww
/r/petthedamndog
Oof
Are those frosted flakes? 
How short are you/how big is your dog? Your arms should be well above the point where he can bump you
Frosted flakes?
Y u do this 2 me i was good boi
HELLO
Where's the cereal on the floor?
Maybe sad because you reached for the phone to snap a pic instead of helping doggo? Jk. 

That happened to me too. Except it was significantly messy. 
Why did you put this stuff on me??
"Look what you did, Karen!"
Doggo get the spill. 
Why have you forsaken me master
Maybe you bumped into him. See things from his perspective.
Holy crap he looks just like my dog 
Aawwww poor baby.. I hope you told him,that it wasn't his fault but yours for being a clumsy human.,😉
"Hahah you dumb bitch." has never been a more appropriate reference.
My cat did this, I was holding a knife. I almost stabbed my face. My family laughed.
Omg when I see that look on a dogs face I just can't. 
The new doge

I'm surprised the dog isn't in heaven. I've dropped a Pop-Tart on our border collie, he picked it up with the corners hanging out of the edge of his mouth, and led me on a chase for about 2 minutes till he was tired and gave up.

I miss that boye. He was one of the best dogs to ever exist on this earth. 
Tell us the truth, OP. Did you yell at this good boi? 
Don’t cry over spilt milk little guy!
I think you bumped into him. Admit it.
That face though 
Almost embarrassed 
You better not have yelled at him
"Ah fuck. I can't believe you've done this."
Haha bless it
The dog is like. What did you to me. lol 

How hard is it to choose your first dog breed?
He's hoping this doesn't mean a shower for your mistake. 
I think sad eyes because he can't lick it up lol. 
Such a sad bean :(
My best friend accidentally dumped a full 32 oz cup of ginger ale on her 16 year old Pomeranians head. He almost didn’t notice. Poor old man.
He has probably seen better meal times.  Give him some love so he doesn’t think that there was anything meant about it.
Look u got the dog all dirty
Shame shame shame
why does he look like a galaxy
77.7k likes and 777 comments as of now.
What kind of cereal and dog OP?
I cant believe you dumped cow juice on me
"How DARE you."
He is a cutie!
Aww lil buddy, is ok.  
Is this a dachshund/black lab mix? Looks similar to my girl, got her from a shelter so hard to find any like her! (I'm just guessing on the breed mix of mine, I have no DNA tests or anything)
Omg you monster ruined his perfect coat. Boy does he look pissed
Lmao why you did him dirty like that?
That’s Life.
Human! Are you trying to feed Toothless cereal?
Quick draw on the camera!
get this dog away i had him in my nightmares
r/disneyeyes
https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/9uvww8/to_that_redditor_who_spilled_cereal_on_doggo_i/?utm_source=reddit-android 

This is my doggo. I raise you a doppelganger. 
Doggo is not impressed
Furries and their made up excuses...
First thing I'll do is take a picture of the poor dog instead of cleaning them and comforting the poor thing.
We need to have a trial to see who's fault it is.

Let me make a trial meter sign.
Excuuuuuse you.
Awe what a cutie what breed is he? 
First reaction take out phone and snap a pic for the karma fairy.. -milk will dry and flake off at some point.
r/cleanthedamndog
Wow, his back looks like a peacock feather!
Oh Sandra...you dumb bitch
Et tù brutê? 😢
YOU bunped the doge, liar!
/r/cleanthedamndog
Aww
Mi pelo 😆 
Naw bro your dog is sad because you took the time to take a photo and let the milk soak in instead of wiping it off.
[removed]
My small dog bumps into me so much that I'm surprised she is alive.
He's sad because his tongue cannot reach it for the cleanup.
r/cleanthedamndog
Sweet Mother of GOD!!! What have you done to him?! 😂
His eyes are killing me. 
Your dog has Moomin eyes.
Poor doggo!
Is that cereal or dog food with milk?
Poor puppy. 
I think you need to pick up the dry cleaning bill on this one
What have you done human in my mouth not back 
Shower time !
"y"
 Man v.s Dog: The Cereal Defence
I can't explain it but this scene looks like a Renaissance painting or something epic
Dog is not sad. This is the face that says "you clumsy fuck, watch where you going"
why tho?
Call Peta, he grabbed the camera and wrote a post on reddit before cleaning up the poor pup!
How can you ever be sad when you look that gorgeous. 
😭❤️😍
I see you have the same shitty carpet in your apartment too.
She’s like “seriously, Tom?!”
im sad for your carpet
Y u do dis? 
You ruined his outfit!  

(He is so adorable!)
He's only sad bc he can't reach it to eat it 
I have a story... Will Share later..... so funny...
He’s sad because now he needs a bath
aww! love dogs but dislike dirty pets :/ So cat it is
Low key dog looks like a painting
What a sweet boy!!!
Give that furry buddy a bath and a treat!  
Imagining OP throwing cereal onto their dog for karma is pretty funny
I would tell the dog lick it bitch.
U shall die for hurting doggo
This picture should not be taken out of context 
dafuq?
Poor dog
Lol
Soggy boy.  

Going to smell putrid if he didn't get a bath.
This is awful but it happened to me and my dog, only it was hot tea. Luckily she didn't have any injury but it was so difficult to get her out from under the bed, poor baby she felt so betrayed :'(
There's a lot of spill factor. The dog is responsible for the damages to the interior.
Awwww no crying dog tears over spilled milk
This is definitely my dog, how did you get him
APOLOGIZE!!!
Good pic but I couldn’t let the dog sit there while I go get the camera
looks like you failed no but november 
The look of ultimate betrayal
How could u do this to me hooman
Your dog is a god damn beauty
Aww :(
I myself also barf on my dog
Poor little Labrador
I wish I got a photo but a couple years back my long haired black dog tripped me while I was baking. Covered in flour!
Dude, just lick it off. Confuse the dog.
Treats not skeet
At least she wasn't carrying steaming  hot soup
Why did this sweet sad looking dog with cereal all over him get so many upvotes?
You fussed at him, didn't you.
You monster!
Let the cat lick it off.
Lol.. I get that look all the time from my pup.. He is probably like "dude seriously..look where your walking" lol haha.. Still super adorable and funny! 😉
[removed]
So you left the dog sitting in milk and cereal to get your phone for a pic, next time un-sadden your dog by cleaning him asap 
Dogs don't understand that sort of accidental guilt. This dog is expressing "Don't beat me again" .

This dog is abused. Report OP. 

&#x200B;
Sad because he can't reach da back to do da lick...
" Am i a joke to you"
Your seal looks very concerned.
I can't believe you've done this...
More like excuse me this isn't gonna clean its self m8
U took the picture first then cleaned him up. Got dam
Hey doggo, it’s all good.

Don’t guilt over spilled, milk.
Pretty sure you bumped into him yelled at him then cover him with cereal and milk. That dog is so sad.. 
Stop taking a picture of your dog and clean the milk off of it heathen.
And you decided to take a picture humiliating him further for all his doggo friends to see. Shame on you
You are a horrible human being.
You should be reported for animal abuse for making him feel bad
“I’m shorry about your shereal.” : (
This is my I prefer dogs over cats
If the dog bumped into you the cereal would be on the floor.
Apologize now!!!
Alexa play Despacito
I hope you kicked his ass
Dumb bitch clean it, don't take a fucking picture of how shitty you are.  
