The colour gradient on his tail is phenomenal. 
r/supermodelcats
That tail! 😍😍
Majestic af, especially that tail.
Anyone knows what breed it is?
I think it know that it's beautiful.
/r/MaineCoons
That is indeed a fine door. Is it real wood?
Professor McGonagall? 
i am the cat - so regal me

awaiting here so patiently

maybe pause, before i roam,

or greet you as you come back home

to say goodbye as you are leaving,

comfort you if you are grieving

elegant - my regal pose

my feline majesty, it shows

i'll watch the world and guard this door,

reflect the ins and outs its for

reminding all - eyes open wide

whate'er awaits, on the other side . . .






"Regal" in German means shelf. /r/stuffoncats
r/floof
😲 so majestic
This is the most royal looking cat I've ever seen. 
this cat is more attractive than my entire family
Beautiful.
Holy Mary mother of God, pray for me, that is a beautiful creature; my eyes do not deserve to behold such a wondrous creature. It’s tail is a northern stormy sea, body is Everest towering, pink lil nose a rose, eyes the crown jewel. A dignified regality beyond our dimension; something we will forever seek to reach in humanity, but something we can never understand. 
Can someone explain what the deal is with using "unit" for pets?
Exceedingly regal
r/absoluteunits 
That is the most glorious tail I've ever seen. 
WOW beautiful kitty! Read a lot of the comments below asking about cats on a leash. We have a near 2 y/o Maine Coon Mix guy from the local SPCA. Best 10$ we ever spent! We adopted him at 8 weeks and right away got him used to the harness and a leash while he was still a baby cat! He now knows thats the only way he can go outside. And the cat is just such a character! So much fun to be around. I will tell you, he is always is trouble! He looks for it! And once a week we have to clean under our bed becasue that’s where he takes everything he decides his his! No kidding, last week, he had a box of Frosted Flakes under there! That’s our BBLeroyB!
Mythical creature 
Norwegian Forest cat?
This belongs in r/supermodelcats. Beautiful.
Wonder what it's looking at...
Looks kinda like my cat, but my won’t pose for photos.
Majestic posture.
The most majestic I’ve seen
Looks like it would be voiced by Jeremy Irons
r/supermodelcats
Anybody else getting sick of everyone’s obsession with describing things as a unit?
Pose. Style. Look. Such a classy model!
Man Im not even in to cats and this one is stunning
I love this unit fad
This cat KNOWS how pretty it is...how could it not know?
Oh my God that tail 
Looks like a Banksy 
He has a quest for you - or wares
This regal unit looks absolute.
Wow, i think thats the longest tail I've seen on a domestic cat. Beautiful salt and pepper unit. 
Floof is over 9000.
"Unit" is the latest annoying overused word. 
My word, how beautiful!
that's look like a perfect , cute and gorgeous army person.

&#x200B;
Gorgeous!

&#x200B;
Just gorgeous!
Oh that tail is glorious! 
Main coon!
How do you take pictures of animals like that, I’m taking a photography class in school 
Much majestic!
That cat is beautiful and the photograph is wonderfully composed.  The warm darks from the asphalt and moss contrast well with the cool grays from the cat's coat.
Wow, what a gorgeous animal. 
She looks like royalty! If we ever crossed paths, I would bow in her presence ;) 👑
wow what a beautiful cat
Cutest cat I've ever seen.
/r/SupermodelCats
beautiful 
Extended cat.
This princess is majestic
Your majesty 👑 [curtsy] 
Now that's a pretty kitty 
That is one beautiful creature. 
Is that a 'Maine Coon' Cat? My neighbour has a similar I and I heard they were really expensive
That is one hell of a tail
I love this kitty.
😱
I love them.
"Your majesty, the ooohhhs and aaahhhs await you"
Fucking Majestic
If Tobi Kadachi was a cat
my Maine man
That tail is something else 
The cat's tail is prettier than me.
I think this is THE MOST BEAUTIFUL cat photo I’ve ever seen. 
I could keep Just that cat’s tail as a pet. It’s basically its own animal!
Fucking majestic. 
Quest giver 
Ohhh, wow what a gorgeous cat <3
Majestic af
Majestic af
Cat. 
In awww at the size of this lad
Beauty 
That step would love a nice power wash 
Wow!! Stunning!!
I hear Andrew Lloyd Webber music for some reason.  
Eh, wow! Some distinguished cat. Great composition, thanks OP for the eye candy!
That cats coloring is like a watercolor painting
A BEAUTIFUL tail that might be double the size of the cat. Absolutely gorgeous. 
That is a serious cat. 
The cat is so beautiful it seems unreal.
Looks like he has tail extensions lol😂 gorgeous
Looks like she/he needs that fur all ruffled from a giant hug! Too soft not to touch lol
I think your door is burning
Such a beauty
It would be so delightful to be able to hug and kiss this cat.  It is so beautiful.  
This cat is really sophisticated! I love his color very rare! 
Wow. And I'm not usually a cat-pic-up-voter-guy but that deserves an exception. Wow.
What breed of cat is this? 
No kidding!  Beauty.
"No Mouse Shall Pass"
This cat is better looking than me
Can people stop using unit incorrectly please.  Love, Scotland x
Waiting for hooman to come home 
What a beautiful cat. Can't believe how long the tail is!! What breed is he?
That's my cat.
That tail would be something to chase.
Does that cat belong to Lady Lovely Locks?
Beauty and grace
So much hair to cut poo out of 
So beautiful! 
I didn't scroll far enough til I saw the tail. Holy crap! 
I hope his name is Sebastian. 
Majestic af ! 
That's an aristocat. 
I would worship this cat. 
What a magnificent cat! That coat! That tail!
That's a cat.
My gawd that tail 
In awe at the size of this lad.
I love literally everything about this photo. 
Oh wow, the coloring is gorgeous! 
Bet it coughs up some regal hairballs with that long hair
   
What a handsome man! 
What race is this cat? So beautiful
Fookin' absolute unit, innit?
Ah yes, the “my tail gets covered in sticky feces after a shit” type of cat. 
ugh. i just sighed out loud at this. beautiful maine coon. i want one so badly!
That tail is loooooong,
Beautiful.  Breaktaking.
Showed this to two of my coworkers. One said "I like its tail. Its like a unicorn."
The other said it looks like a Pokemon. Lol
Im in awe of the pedigree of this lad. 
Wow that's a majestic cat 
As a man with two cats with hair on the short side who brushes them regularly but still finds cat hair everywhere, woof.
So beautiful and majestic! 😻
Wow
Needs some /r/powerwashingporn. Beautiful Maine Coon though!
and that spider in the top of the screen
Can I have your address, I’m going to take this cat.
This cat is probably thinking, "mere humans, bask in my beauty"
Maine coons are taking over reddit
r/majesticaww
Dat tail.
super...looks like tiger,,,,cat
What breed is this? 
Mhm mhm mhm quite glorious indeed
Majestic
Damn, cats make everything fancier.
cool.
Beautiful.
Top 10 powerful Anime characters ..
What an angel 😭😭
Regal? Absolutely!

Unit? Hmmm......

This cat is like a Prince/Princess! 
That is one beautiful cat.
That tail is a straight up feather duster 
Officially my dream cat. 
I could work for this cat. Without pay. For life. 
Absolute regal unit
Anyone know where someone can get a cat that looks just like this?
Nice.
Majestic kitty.
Absolutely gorgeous 
That is a beautiful cat
nice beard.
That tail can't be real, right? It's SO long!
He needs a peasant that walks behind him holding his tail off the ground 
Majestic af
Kinda looks like my cat that I don’t have
I thought the tAil was a caterpillar  ...
Oh my, beautiful! So regal.
None shall pass.
That there is some sort of mythological fairy-cat or something.
I figure if an elven princess had a cat, it'd look something like this.
Beautiful.
Majestic as hell. what kind of cat it this?
What majestic creatures. This one in particular tho. A king of many lives
That's a majestic unit. In awe at the size of this lad. 
Majestic!
I wish I was a cat
This is quite possibly the most beautiful cat I've ever seen!
I thought units were girthier
Fuuuuck that’s a beautiful cat, too majestic for words 
This picture hit me so hard I said “oomph!” out loud. It’s stunning! The cat is absolutely gorgeous but the cameraman made it amazing. Good work!
This picture is oviously about this stunning piece of wood work.
Gets me wondering why everyone's so obsessed with that cat.
How is this cat more beautiful than most people wow
In awe at the poise of this lad.
I got a Maine Coone kitten like two weeks ago. She's already growing  so fast and her paws are massive for a kitten of her size. Little fucker waits for me around every corner, attacks my feet and peels off into the darkness.
Majestic as fuck cat. 
Fucking Majestic! 
I'm old, yet I have never seen a cats tail that large, and Ive seen a lot of cats!!
its tail is beyond any measure on the scale of epicness
Gorgeous 
OMG that door is regal
Omg! I love it. 
Look at the majesty of that lad.
What kinda cat????
Look at that princely baby!
That cat has laid quite the trap on that step
That tail is like a cape 😍
This cat is ridiculously handsome.
Jesus, I feel like when it walks someone should behind it, holding it majestic tail up so it doesnt touch the floor
wow, such beauty.
I want this animal
This cat is so beautiful! Although, I am having a hard time seeing past having a steady diet of cat hair. I love long haired cats but wow I don't miss inhaling small kittens throughout the day.
Wow! He’s gorgeous!! 
Holy moly that tail 
Wow! What a beauty!!
The tail. 👍
That tail is a whole separate unit in itself!!
r/awwbsoluteunit
Definite royal blood. 
Now that cat is ridiculously photogenic.
That cat needs a good brushing. Can you imagine the size of the hairballs that can must puke up?
Ive seen this cat before. That tail is amazing from behind. 
Saw the same photo on the #MaineCoon instagram page.  Bunch of gorgeous coon photos there.  
Must be helluva work in cleaning the fur on this one.
That’s the most beautiful cat I’ve ever seen 
If I may, I'd like to buy that house and all surrounding houses contingent upon this Guardian remaining in this position for ever. 
Wow. This is one gorgeous feline.
That tail!! 
This cat launched a thousand ships.
That’s the most beautiful kitty tale. Ever.
Anyone else see the album cover Led Zeppelin IV?
This regal unit kind of looks like an kitty version of an Aussie :) absolutely beautiful! 
Magnificent kitty.
I really dislike cats but this guy might change my mind. 
Swooning here!
It's majestic!! 
"Human, you may take one photograph.  One. (flourishes tail) I'm prepared.  Now be gone."
Absolute meownit
Maine Coon?

/r/absoluteunits
no human can ever be so beautiful!  - if that tail is real you ought to call guiness to find out if he/she is longest cat in world.
Such a music breast. :O
Wowwww
This isn’t just any cat, this is an M&S cat
Love it! Beautiful cat and beautiful photograph!
Wow. Handsome kitty.
That tail is gorgeous 😍
r/absoluteunit
/u/SaveMeTheSlunk look at this tail
Maximum floof
What kind of cat is that?! It’s beautiful!!! ❤️🐱😻
How fucking glorious
Majestic af.
Holy crap! Ive never seen a blue maine coon! 
Someone spent more on their cat than their front door.
That’s one fucking nice kitty right there. 
Omg, that magnificent tail!
I would pay for the privilege of grooming that gorgeous tail
I’m not worthy of looking at this cat 
MC Hammer
What a pretty cat!
Wigee
Beautiful
I'm in awe at the tail on this lad
Hirsute
Majestic.
That is a beautiful cat 
This is an official Pokemon 
r/floof needs this pretty baby
This absolute unit
"Hi, my name is AF, Majestic AF."
Is it bad that I say the picture of this cat and immediately assumed that she has a bitchy personality?
That tail tho
Does anybody know if this cat is on Instagram? I would like regular pictures of such a unit.
That is the MOST majestic looking cat I’ve ever seen.
That's an amazing tail and a beautiful cat.
Amazing. At first I thought it was a porcelain high class cat sitting
Unit, that’s fun and unique terminology. I like this trend. I’m gonna find a unit for myself. 
That is a kitty with Super Powers, for sure. 
E L E G A N T F L E U F 
What do you call this breed/type of cat? I want one. 
Omg I just want to comb/ brush that beautiful tail. I’ve never seen a cat with such a tail. 
Almost impossibru composition. perfeto!
Oh my.. so beautiful!
That is a tail to make other tails jealous 🤩
Her majesty, The Queen of felines !
I'm a unit but not a regal unit like this one.
She is so beautiful I want her! I'll call her Starlight <3
Good Lord! What a Unit!
In awe of the royalty of this lad
Dam what a tail....

I don’t mean that in a sexual way, just taking note of an amazing tail on the animal.
How fabulous!
Wow that is a gorgeous cat. 14/10 would want to be rejected by it. 
What kind of cat is he? I've never seen such a majestic cat.
What a majestic fluffy tail. 
What an elegant kitty! Maine coons are so fluffy 
I want a tail like that.
What kind of quest did it give you 
My friend has a maine coon but i've never seen so much fluff.

&#x200B;

Much wow.
I am in aww at the size of this lad
This cat looks like it’s waiting to give me a quest
That's a Pokémon! 
This cat looks like he wants to send me on a side quest.
Oh my!
So that door is actually a portal to a magical universe, right...
Kitty
Are cat tale extensions a thing now?
It’s this a Maine coon?
Graceful! 
Magnifique! So regal!
I want to give him all of the treats. 
Damnation! What a tail!
What breed is this? 😍 gorgeous 
We have a Maine Coon. Breaks my heart that she had an accident and had to have her tail amputated. Now she's just a Maine :(
Thanks for the wallpaper!
He knows he's fabulous.
Not a cat person, but I'll make an exception for this one. 
Those paws is very tempting to touch
r/bandnames
Magnificat!!!!!😺😻😺
What a fucking goddess 
Just majestic...and very cute!
That tail is fucking magnificent! 
Oh.My.Gosh.  Beautiful animal
"Winter is coming."

-This cat, probably. 
Exquisite! 
Pritty kitty
Wow... maybe too regal for me. Does this kitty even lend itself to foolish things such as "playing with humans"?

My cats are all silly goofballs. Lol
Gorgeous!
Wow. I bow to you royalty. 
I wish I have one 😔😔
Damn regal af
I NEED this cat! That tail! The floof! The oomph! I'd die for this cat.
Just found my next art project.
What’s the breed?
Wow that is one long tail
I am jealous of a cat's hair. 
So majestic omg 
Is that a Norwegian Forest Cat?
Beauty 😍
"This regal unit" anagrams to "Atheist ruling"
Always upvote cats 
I never saw this, not even on the Internet before. Thank you for sharing. 
Palatial Regalia!
That stance. It knows it's sheer royalty. So beautiful.
If my kitten isn't this majestic....  


 I'll still love him.
My cat allergy is kicking in from here
I wanna pet that cat.
I've heard of catdog, but cathorse is a little extreme.
Oreo ice cream
"I''ll sweep the kitchen for 2 treats"
If having 5 cats didn't sound so bad, I would be scooping up a cat like this. So beautiful!
That’s a nice fuckin kitty right there 
Breed name please
Gorgeous cat <3
😍
Regal AF
Regal AF
Guardian of the house 
Mai Catness! :O
this has to be the most majestic cat I've ever seen 
Lovely cat
That is one majestic cat. God damn beautiful. 
Cats know how to work it.
This is important: 666th comment
Wow, gorgeous cat!
Bet it gets shit stuck in its tail ALL the time. 
That tail is like a mermaid tail. Beautiful.
Gorgeous!
That cat is more beautiful than most people.
Most gorgeous cat Ive ever seen
Something about this touches me, i think i might paint it. Ill update on a later date. 
GORGEOUS!

&#x200B;
Hmm.  Okay I have never seen a tail on a cat being that long? And I have had dozens of cats in my life and it has to be fake? 
Bet his tail brings all the other cats to the yard.
Thousands of years ago cats were worshipped as gods, and they have never forgotten this.
Absolutely majestic!💕
What breed is this? I want one!
That tail is stronger than my biceps
Oh my god! 😻
That step has seen better days.
Definitely regal but doesn’t make me wanna go, “awwww”
It’s a cat. 
All that long brushed out hair will soon become a yard broom. Not all pretty cats are automatically aww material, this one didn't do it for me. Also some days, there's just more important shit going on, and for this to hold the top spot on the front page, it seems undeserved. And why are there so many bot account one liner comments?
Looks like a real asshole 

Jesus people does it really need the (s)
Can’t be America. Otherwise the two cars would be like a Durango and some sort of suped up pick up truck, that no one ever actually uses as a pick up truck or actually needs.
Needs a good pressure washing
Absolute unit.
Gorgeous cat! That tail is too long!
C unit.
