I've said it before on reddit.

Cats don't just want to go outside. They want to go outside WITH YOU. They want to explore with you and play in the grass with you and nap in the sun with you. When I figured that out I started taking a blanket into the front yard and my cat and I would lay out there while I played with my laptop and he scratched at the trees.

Looks like Op's son has figured that out.
Precious, what they talking bout?
This picture makes me happy.
Today my son pretended that the cat scratched him to see it get in trouble.
[Their relationship in one picture](https://imgur.com/a/VbVqcOS)  She's not even mad here. That's just her face. I got her from the pound when she was a few years old. I have had her 11 years and through a million moved and boyfriends and now she gets to be with me as I live a sedate life as a mom/wife. Don't overlook adult cats! She is the best impulse buy of my life. Photos are mine taken by @caseyraephoto on insta
Kalvin and Hobz 
Reminds me of my childhood cat. I put a cabbage patch kids dress on her and my nana made me a matching one.

We dressed up like twins for my cats birthday.

I love cats.
This is a beautiful picture
sometimes we get in trouble just because we're very small,

we maybe leave our pawprints on the floor or on the wall

or maybe spill our food out of our dish upon the floor

or when we get a treat it's not enough, n we want more

if you ever feel like you have tried to do the best you could,

but realize it's not quite right, cuz it's hard to be good -

jes know there's always me here, fren - life sometimes is a test

you're perfect in my eyes, my boy, n i love you the best



[deleted]
Calvin and Hobbes
Reminds me of my son and my cat, Hoover.  My son is always chasing him around and trying to pet him, sometimes a little too rough.  Hoover tolerates it most of the time.
I don’t get how your cat doesn’t run away. My cat got out and was missing for a week. How do I train cats to stay by me or be able to be indoor or outdoor?
This kind of blew up! I own the rights to the photo but credit must be given to our family photographer. She gets the most beautiful pics of my kid and pets. @caseyraephoto on instagram 
My parents had a cat named CJ when I was born. This cat loved me and I loved the cat.

 My grandmother said that when she came to help my mom after they came home from the hospital with me, CJ didn't leave her alone with me if my mom was out of the room. CJ just sat directly in front of my grandmother and starred her down.

When I was able to sleep with CJ and not risk suffocation, my parents say she allowed me to treat her like a stuffed animal.

The story of CJ is one of a truck stop box kitten. Somewhere on the side of a California highway, my dad heard her call.
I’ve heard Calicos are sweet. I thought it was a saying, but each calico I have met is loving and affectionate. 
You printed and framed that, right? Right?
This picture is taken by a professional photographer . Really good picture. The cat, the boy, the lake/river. Truly amazing 
Well I must share about my Ollie.  He was born March 23rd of this year.  I got him from the Human Society.  He was fostered from his 2nd day of birth.  Neutered.
So.  He has this thing he does.  He burrows his head into my neck and just stays there.  Purrs and drools.  Yes that's right: drools *like a river* drools.  During the whole time I am talking sweet to him...very softly.  This lasts about 5 minutes and afterwards?  My whole shirt is soaked.  At his 1st year appt w/Vet?  I asked her about it thinking something was wrong.  She got this softest look in her face and said "he just really, really loves you" and I know it.  When I cut his nails?  He stays still and if I look down at him?  He is looking deep into my eyes w/this look of trust that's unnerved me.  I love Ollie.  Sadly, he won't sleep w/me at night.  
I used to yell at him "I'm going to get a dog Ollie that will sleep w/me" or "Okay, we're getting another cat".  Not even threats worked, lol.  So I ran into a friend who's foster cat (6mos) was terrorizing her two very small dogs.  As she described it: my little dogs used to walk around w/their tails waging and happy and after the kitten started wanting to play...they walked around w/their tails down and fearful every minute.  I felt so bad and I thought Ollie and I could use another.........
So now I also have Mr. Baby.  He was taken from a hoarder (62 cats) and was so covered w/fleas they couldn't tell he was a Ginger.  He and Ollie and best of buds. Sadly?  Mr. Baby doesn't like sleeping w/me either, lmao.  Oh well.  I've adjusted.  hahahaha

Thanks for letting me share. 
She has a “tortitude”. We have a fat tortie as well, and she ONLY loves my 9yo son, she will kill anyone else with a look, but runs to his bed and waits for him and even will bath his head, blech 

The tortitude in tortishell cats is truth. 
It seems like they are two old souls who haven’t seen each other in some time.
Beautiful.
My cat, Snuggles, was my best friend in the whole world. She stumbled into my life when I was 2 years old and she was a tiny abandoned kitten from a factory. She had made it all the way across the main road just to find us.
We had the best adventures! We would go to space in Rockets out of cardboard boxes, Report the news on tv’s out of cardboard boxes, we made our own dens and went camping in the front room, we would sit outside in the rain under a huge umbrella on top of the coal bunker thinking about our next adventure together. 
She was the best cat in the world. 

Your little boy is going to have the most wonderful memories of his lovely friend. 
Good boy.  Good girl.
They remind me of Calvin and Hobbs.
This is the kind of picture that goes on your mantle for life. 
This is the sweetest picture ever!
Sorta reminds me of Grawp from Harry Potter. Imagine having this thing around that's twice your size and very clumsy, but you know it's full of love and doesn't mean you any harm.
"You see that child? That is the blue demon."
Cat:  "You think there's some fish in that lake?"

Kid:  "Yup."

Cat:  "I sure could go for a fish lunch right about now."

Kid:  "Me too."

Cat:  "Yup

Kid:  "Yup."


r/accidentalrockwell
After arguing politics all day I really needed to see this pic. That's a boy and his tiger. 
This is beautiful. Absolutely beautiful. 
Your post made me tear up. The photo and story are so beautiful and I completely agree...older animals are amazing and have so much love to give!!!  I hope you frame that photo, it really is lovely 😊😻
Beautiful picture.  She knows more about the world than he does.

&#x200B;
Calvin and Hobbes
This pic reminds me of Calvin and Hobbes :)
This is some Calvin and Hobbes shit right here 
I love this so much.
I have a tortilla (<---oh, I'm definitely leaving that AC. I meant tortie!) and she is verrrrrrry anti-social. A lot of my friends didn't even know I had her because she would always hide and only be cuddly with me when we were alone. (rescue kitty. must have had some issues when teeny tiny. ☹️)
When she was 4 years old, I met someone and when she came over to my place, I warned her that one of my cats would hide and it had nothing to do with her. Well, what a surprise. The minute she saw her, she climbed on her lap and put her cute little paws around her neck and got really cozy. I couldn't believe it.
Fast forward. It's now 10 years later and that someone is now my wife and her and my tortie have been the bestest of buds since. I have loads of pics over the years like [this](http://imgur.com/a/kXZNeiW) from my wife. 😺
Seeing your 2 babies like this makes me so dang happy. Also, high five to adopting an adult kitty. I wish more people would.
Damn, that’s adorable.
I got 2 kittens the week I got my PTSD grandkids to raise. Those cats trained the kids by scratching when needed and now the cats get hauled all over the place just like the OP's cat. They are both sleeping with one that has a pretty high fever now. They are best buds in a way they'll never be with me.
IRL Calvin and Hobbes?
That shit better be in a picture frame on the wall!!! 
I dont normally get choked up. When I do its because I am reminded that I cant see my best friend. 

When I was a small boy I had a tortishell cat as well. We were pretty inseperable. Playing mario? right there on my shoulder. Homework? Right there on the desk. Always stayed at the foot of the bed. Would meow when I got up. One of those rare intelligent cats that would walk outside or stay with you no matter what. Would hiss if you tried leaving without saying goodbye. She put up with a lot of shit too. Unlike your son I have no pictures. especially ones like this. 

I would trade everything I have and more, not a single sacrifice I wouldnt make if I could spend just one more day with my friend. I dont normally care for photos but really like this one and if your son even feels half of what I did by the time I was 11 (my cat was old by then so we all know what happens) then he will really, realy appreciate you took this for him. To each their own but I wouldnt show this to him until later in life though. Safe from the teenage angst and all that. 
I didn't expect much love from my cat to my son. She was always just irritated that my belly kept kicking at her when she laid there. We came home from the hospital with him, and she was intrigued. She always checked him out. Eventually he started to try crawling and eventually she started getting right in front of him and wiggling her tail. Like she was playing with him. She got him to follow her around so much.

And now they're damn near best friends. He makes her little cardboard box condos and sneaks her food. She doesn't have to add to the friendship. He's happy his cat loves him. 
This thread is two weeks old and this will probably never be noticed, but I just wanted to say kudos to you OP for eternallizing this moment. It is a very powerful picture.
This is the most wholesome thing I have seen in a while, and it has given me the warm fuzzies 😍
http://images.fanpop.com/images/image_uploads/Peanut-Wallpapers-peanuts-99522_1024_768.jpg
THIS is the cutest thing I have seem all day! What an amazing photo you captured! 
This is a fantastic picture
This is such an awesome photo.  Looks like a stock photo or a motivational poster.  
[removed]
Reminds me of my childhood cat. She was so patient with me it was like having a third parent around. It’s good to see others sharing the same bond!
Anything the light touches is yours! 
What about that place ?
That is the vacuum cleaner  closet, you should never go there !
How adorable! Little ones and cats are two of the cutest things in my book, and I LOVE cats and babies together!! Reminds me of my dear cat who I picked from the shelter at age 3. She remained with us for 10 years before dying from some sort of stomach issues. I miss her every day :( Nothing like the bond between a child and cat!
I recently had to have my cat put down because he got hit by a car, might sound crazy but he was the only thing keeping me sane when I first got him, wasn’t in a great place, bought him back home with me to live with the whole family and he’s been so loved by all of us, this picture Just brings back so many happy memories ❤️
Thanks for sharing 😌
She a tortie, of course she's tolerant and loving.
Humans do not choose their cats...Cats choose their humans.

BASTET BE PRAISED!
So adorable! ❤️
This is adorable 
Some animals just know. It’s a wonderful thing
You are a great photographer 
My dad's cat adopted me when I was born, would always climb into bed with me at night to keep watch.
This is adorable on a level that I am not sure if I know how to express....now I must go find one of my cats and hug it till it hates me

Amazing picture. He’ll love this when he’s older 
I think some cats recognize the difference between children and adults. My cat has put up with all kinds of bullshit from me when I was little, 3 kittens, and a puppy. He always uses a softer touch when dealing with babies.
Our tortie passed last year. This picture made me smile thinking of our beloved little kitty. She would have loved our baby.
Your son has loved \*his\* cat. Not your cat anymore bud, sorry.
One time when I was in highschool I was waiting just outside the school and a kitty cat from one of the nearby suburbs came over to me and sat next to me at the curb while I waited for my bus to go home. I was on an I.E.P. and I got out earlier than everyone else. For a few more days after that, the same kitty sat next to me in the same spot while I sat at the curb of the sidewalk. One time when the bus came, the kitty wanted to get on the bus with me. I felt horrible, the kitty gave me the sad kitten eyes. 
[deleted]
Anyone else get a total "Calvin and Hobbes" vibe here? Love it!
Please enlarge and frame this picture and hang it up in your house. It's so precious 😭❤️ 
Any chance your son's name is Calvin and your cat's name is Hobbes? :)

Thank you for sharing this beautiful photo!
Excellent picture. You should blow it up and get it framed.
I rescued a stray cat, super cute, beautiful blue eyes. She walks around out house but wont get near us, she starts complaining as soon as we get a few feet away. Recently, a couple with two girls moved in the house next to mine. My cat wont stop following them around and taking care of them when they are outside playing. She lets them grab her and rub her belly. Im pretty sure cars know they are children and are super gentle to them.

 I love cats, so damn much. They are perfect little creatures. 
Man, this was me and my cat growing up. She was a barn cat, wild as all get out. But she'd just sit and chill with me. Even into my pre-teens. RIP Evinrude. Named her after the brand of outboard motors cause her purr was so loud. Thanks for bringing back some good memories, OP. 
I love this picture a lot.  
"Tolerates that love"

OP knows cats
When treated gently, kitties treat our young as if it’s their own. They love and snuggle, spend time, and stand guard during illness; and teach their owners about the limits of power.
Cats really are a wonderful. 
Look at the scenery together
I had a similar cat when I was born. She could stare people down from sitting in her chair, but treated me like the most important thing in the house. 

The first time I was allowed to get up and make my own cereal bowl, she ran back and forth from me to my parents meowing at them until she was told I was allowed.

She treated me like her little brother.
That's not tolerance. The cat loves him, too. 
Wow. I left my cat with my parents when I moved in with my allergic husband. The first time I brought my baby over the cat took one look and disappeared. I basically never saw him again (he was fine to be clear, just hiding from the scary baby).
This picture does things to me
...Yep, and now I'm totally regretting not having a son and not having a cat right now, don't mind me, I'm just muddling my way through the front pages here, excuse me...
I haven't seen my cat in 4 months and I fly home from Uni in a week and this post has made me so excited to see her.
This is the perfect photo. It reminds me so much of my best friend of over 20 years.
r/eyebleach
This will be a stock image soon
right in the feels
Can we have more pictures of this?
''there's probably fish in there''

*What's Fish?*

''Delicious! You must try one''
Real life Calvin & Hobbes right there. 
This picture is heart warming! We had cats all my life (i'm 21) and I couldn't imagine my life without cats. They can be so loving and cuddly. Don't get me wrong.. Sometimes cats can be little brats but they still show a lot of love.
I used to have this kind of relationship with my first cat. She used to climb up on my shoulders or follow me around and we would talk to each other. I was so sad when she got older and was starting to go, she was so strong. At the age of 18 she passed away while I was stationed in South Korea. When I’m having a rough day I sometimes can see her in the corner of my vision. 
This is a real life Calvin and Hobbes. You need to start a comic based on this taking photos of the two and photo shopping in dialog bubbles 
I have a young son and we had an old orange tabby girl named Jaffe who just really took to him.  Even as she got very old and sick, she'd perk up when he'd come around and they'd play for hours with this little glitter wand with tinsel at the end.

Every night, before bed, he'd get his "Jaffe snuggles".  

We all miss her very much.

Thanks for posting this.

Son: Gee, Cat, what do you want to do tonight?

Cat: The same thing we do every night, kid - try to take over the world!
This comment will probably get buried but any chance you could like to a full size image somewhere? I'd love to set this as my desktop background :)
Kitty Cat is son’s Co-Momma❤️
[deleted]
Probably the only time I will upvote anything involving a child on r/aww

Excellent pic
Great picture
Really cool picture!
Awesome pic!
This photo us perfection 
Awww so cute
I love love love this. Torties rule. Beautiful pic 
I adore inter-species friendship and love. It just gets my sweet spot! Thanks for sharing ;)
Oh I love this. So sweet
Fucking aww!
Sitting by the water, contemplating life. Sweet! They are adorable.
My little girl cat is really gentle with my niece. The other cat flees like she just robbed a bank. When she was a few days old she slept beside her baby carrier singing a song of her people. 
Awww that’s so cute!
That’s a beautiful shot. And story. 
She's just playing the long con to make sure your son is another future cat slave.
This is beyond precious.
Looks like my former cat “taco” 

rip taco, your tail was ripped off while sleeping in my moms car when she started it. you made it 10 years while in the process of fighting off other cats that came onto our property. bro disappeared one day and even at that young age i knew what happened. rip bro. haven’t owned a cat since 
Why do my cats suck? They hate my kids and hit them as they walk by. I wish my cats and kids had this kind of relationship.  
thats sweet, i had a big white Tom cat i wagged around when i was that age, im sure to tolerated me out of love too
You're going to like this picture, I guarantee it
Sweetest photo ever.  
This is so sweet. Reminds me of me and my own cat. 
So cute. 
That's a beautiful shot. Thank you for sharing this little bit of joy
This is probably the cutest picture I’ve ever seen on the internet. 
This is such a great photo. One to frame on the wall for sure!
a vy warm and sweet photo :)
Pets are wonderful 
Such a great picture. I wish them both many happy days together. 
Wow.. this is one of my fav pic ever. Two conscious beings experiencing life in its simplest form.
This picture is awesome, they both are enjoying the view of the lake. I wonder what those two are talking about?
Good god I think I just grew an ovary.  I love this photo so much.
We had a cat when I was growing up that would let you poke it. “Cuddle it” and generally mess with it until you were about 5. Then it decided you were smart enough to know better and would hiss or swat to  stop you. 
My favorite cats I’ve had growing up were a calico and a tortoise shell. 

I’ve had a couple tabbies and a siamese, but they were never as loving and personable as my calico and torti were.
"For some chicken, I'll eat your homework"
Lovely picture 
A beautiful picture!
This is the best picture ive seen this year.
This is called true love....selfless and unconditional😍😍😍😘😘😘
I'm thinking about having this printed and framed.  Love this picture
The picture of any companionship. Tolerance, love, forgiveness.
They are very cute together and it melts my heart. 
I got my cat at 14 and I’m 23 now. He is amazing.
This is a great picture. ❤️
This is special.
This image genuinely makes my whole day
that picture is simply awesome. what a freaking great shot and subject matter!
...and this, young lad, is where you should fish.  Back in my day, we would fish with our paws, but I hear you humans have something called a fishing pole.  
God I love this picture so much 
My family has had the same line of cats for 22 years. They started from a stray barn cat from my uncle and soon enough we had a heard of pure white fluff balsa every couple years. Each time some would get lost or die a new litter cam from the cat literally called mama. She died when I was 7. I had her last done a big hulk of a cat who yelled constantly and could bruise my young body. He eventually went missing when I was 11. We thought that was it for the white cats, then our neighbor told us a stray cat took his garage from him. She had 3 tiny little white kittens with her. The two that survived became the two cats I have today. They are more loyal and loving then most dogs and have been a major part of my life. Once their gone that will be it and I'm not ready for that.
Both my mind and my heart calm down at the first look 
She found her human. Love this so much 
Must be bubbles when he was kid 

You’ve got to blow this photo up and hang it with a nice frame!
This is perfect. 
“Everything the light touches.”

“Everything?!”

“Everything.”
This made me smile today. Thank you.
'In that pond my little human pal, there are a lot of fish. Now go and get your Mom and Dad and tell them you want to go fishing. I will share the fish with you'
This needs to be a meme. Caption should be "just look at those assholes".

The kid and the cat saying it. Not me calling them(kid and cat) assholes. 

Kitkat
Cat's are funny. We have an elderly cat, that I is.. let's say... stubborn, vocal, and overall just not very pleasant, but she's getting old so I cut her some slack. My 8m/o daughter can do absolutely anything to her, and she will just chill and take it, purr away, and then come back for more a few minutes later.
This picture is the best most sweetest piece of happy Ive seen today.. 
Is that a /r/torties I see? Hard to tell from this distance
This photo signifies innocence, love and care, all in peace :)  
Calvin and Hobbes 
u/wolverine-claws



Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
This is Red Mountain Park in Mesa, AZ isn't it? Lived near there for a long time.

Cute kid and cat btw. i just got my 7 year old his first cat and he's absolutely in love with her.
Except the cat was probably plotting to drown your son. 
this made my day, so did the commenter, their all so cool and inteligent
This picture is everything
That’s awesome, I have a Siamese that is the same way with my two year old. 
Best friends!!! If you ever needed a babysitter who better then her? I love cats! 
This is so f’n adorable.
Great pic! 
This is beautiful 
This is so precious.
Such a darn sweet photo. Melts my heart dammit.
Now I want to have a kid and a cat. Beautiful snap mate 
May I use this as a desktop background?
I love this so much
This is seriously the most adorable photo I’ve seen all week. Thank you, OP
Fuck I love this picture.
just aaawwwwww
This made my day. ❤️
/u/titletoimagebot
I have a tortie named Sage. She is sweet to me, but hissy to everyone else. I'm so glad your son has a bff like your cat.
u/TitleToImageBot
This almost brings a tear to my eye. One of the best pictures I have ever seen! Thank you. 

[deleted]
Well god damnit this is cute as hell
She looks like a tortie princess so understand your confusion.
Its awesome 
Beautiful image.
Would love to see what both of them are thinking.
That is one of the best pictures I've seen in a very, very long time. 
If they head butt then the love is mutual
man this is like a stock image and perfect poster material
Wow nice picture how does the cat sit stil out in public do you have a leash.
😻
Literally cutest picture ever! 
This picture just made me tear up. I have cat I’ve had for three years now and he’s the best little friend I could ask for. 

I hope if I have children one day, he will bond with them just like your son and fur baby. 
The best picture ever
This is the most precious thing I have ever seen! 
OC? I like it!! 
Aaawww
Buds^
This is a pretty picture
....which shows love!
I enjoy this pretty pictures
i like the way the grass waves
Get another cat that can learn from her! So when this old gal passes, he has another cat to lean on. 
did anyone else notice the blue water?
This is adorable
I really need this right now.
Little boys are a lot like cats
this pic needs an award
This is such a beautiful picture
You should definitely print and frame. ❤️
That's a pretty kitty
You can tell that it's almost fall
Is his name Calvin?
Congratulations your cat is meme worthy 
Why does that cat not move?
That is such a beautiful picture! From a fellow cat owner and parent, this fully warms my heart. I love to see how my cats love my daughter. 💕
Heart melted. So sweet! 
I am wondering what your son is saying to the kitty right now "like what if cat was really spelled D-O-G?"
This is adorable
He is pure and she is evil, together they are Pure Evil. 
Oh my heart....
Great photo 
Quite possibly one of the most touching photos I've ever seen and I know nothing about your family, yet I feel like your family is loving and close just seeing those two.
Reminds me of our son and two cats.   Very awesome.  
This is so beautiful. I can’t wait to have my own children one day and get to experience the kids and the cats forming adorable bonds like this. 
In the words of Chandler "could this picture be any cuter?" 
This picture is so nicely taken. 
r/torties

This is so heartwarming. You were able to capture some amazing quality photos you’ll treasure for a lifetime. And this is coming from a non cat person. Lol 
This made me cry because it so adorable! Beautiful picture! 
My heart 😭💝
Tolerate is the operating word here lol
So fucking precious
This is so so adorable! 
That picture is cute AF, definately a keeper.
This title fits this image beautifully. What an adorable family. They will surely have great adventures together. 
catdog
That's so beautiful. Fantastic pic
Gorgeous Calico! 
Classic cat. Doesn't love you back, just tolerates your love. I love cats.
So cute!!
i think your cat is an especially nice and patient cat, and your son is lucky to have her. my daughter has loved our cat since the day she was born, but he just doesn't give a shit. ㅠㅜ
Amazing. I’ve currently got my 3 week old boy on a pillow to my side and my 7 year old tort on my lap. This photo is my dream for them. First fur, first human... becoming best friends. 

This is confirmation of what I want for those two. Thanks for sharing. 
Oh the cuteness!!!
I noticed how most cats are super gentle with toddlers, even when they are being unruly and playing rough. The cat would just tap it a few times with paws, never pulling out the claws and scratch. 
I love this so damn much. I have a cat who is my whole world, and my husband and I are going to try to have children soon. I can only dream that my future child will have a relationship with my cat like this. 
Calvin and Hobbs 
Lovely cat. Reminds me on my Freya. 😭😭😭 miss her so much
I had a similar cat protector as a kid, name was black cat. I hope they have a lot of really fun adventures!
My cat has always loved my son like this. He’s super protective and always follows him around outside. 🙂
Your cat thinks your son is the family pretty.
This ..is ..beautiful..sir.
That’s a keeper 
That's your son, but he's HER boy.  My late cat loved my son with a passion as they grew up together.  It is sweet as can be.  
This is beautiful.
[reminds me of this album cover](https://f4.bcbits.com/img/a4185572700_5.jpg) 
If I was a parent and a pet died that my child loved I would have absolutely no clue how to deal with that. I guess thats why we have reddit. Sorry for being sad or whatnot
A boy and his cat. 
That picture - wow. Forever a family heirloom. You  love it now, but can’t even begin to imagine what it will mean to you later. I promise.
Awesome click... I also clicked my daughter's pics ND video with 3 kitty on backyard 
I grew up with a tortie who looks a lot like your girl. She was one of the sweetest, smartest, sassiest cats I've ever known. If I was crying, she would find me and comfort me. When my mom yelled at me and my brother, she would bite my mom on the ankle. She passed away when I was 10 years old, 8 days past her 21st birthday. She had a good, happy life, and was a staple of our family. I'm glad that your son gets to grow up with such a good companion. 
Reminds me of my old cat. Myself I am now 13 but my family had a tortoise shell tabby until last year. She was around even before I was born so she was like my sister and I’s older sister. She was very tolerant of everything we did. We pick her up and hug her for minutes and when we were done she would just hop on down and walk somewhere nearby and have a nap.
/r/AccidentalRenaissance 
This really is the sweetest
Come up with a funny caption, and you have a million-dollar greeting card
That's such a nice picture. 
I hope this is both your cat and your son, what a lovely photo

&#x200B;
*flashbacks from Of Mice and Men*
That's how animals love. Unconditionally.
Lovely photo!
Warm and fuzzies
Torties are the best! So much personality. 
Fuck I miss my cat 😢
My kitty Momo tolerated my siblings and I as grabby toddlers, but totally loved us any way. Our family was lucky to have 21 great years with him. 
He's going to be a very good person.
upvotes for everyone!!!!! 
People tout dogs as the most affectionate, which is true... But you either have to earn a cat's love or it has to just..know...that you're worth loving
Such a beautiful image. Thank you for sharing, made my day better :)
Animals are great as long as they are treated right and loved they'll treat you right and love you back. 

Great picture 
Plot twist: OP is the cat
Toddlers in suspenders are always adorable.
This is something that I hang to my wall
Omg, you cannot stage that. 
This reminds of that scene from Inception except there’s a little boy and cat instead of a little boy and girl
Welp, time to add this to the list of cats that can never die
That's living.
That is indeed a fantastic picture!
Aww, so cute.
What a perfect shot. So many cats grow up with babies and children, and you think the cat must hate being dragged and hugged and dressed up, but they love it. They love their person unconditionally. They tolerate the grabby little hands and grow to love them forever. As your son grows up the cat will love him even more and its beautiful.
Cats are the most wonderful creatures. I've never had a cat that wasn't filled with love and personality. These are beautiful pictures, thank you
I love seeing the love between babies and their pets. We have a fat kitty (5-ish) who loves his boy (2.5 y/o) and his boy loves him just as much.
https://imgur.com/a/w7Yyf0h
My heart just literally exploded 
This is incredibly great.
My little brother used to sneak out at night when he was like 3 and sleep with the our two rottweilers in their dog house my dad built. It probably had a sleeping pad the size of a double bed, was like 4 feet tall.
This is good enough to be a stock photo! 
 A ghost, though invisible, still is like a place  
your sight can knock on, echoing; but here  
within this thick black pelt, your strongest gaze  
will be absorbed and utterly disappear:  


just as a raving madman, when nothing else  
can ease him, charges into his dark night  
howling, pounds on the padded wall, and feels  
the rage being taken in and pacified.  


She seems to hide all looks that have ever fallen  
into her, so that, like an audience,  
she can look them over, menacing and sullen,  
and curl to sleep with them. But all at once  


as if awakened, she turns her face to yours;  
and with a shock, you see yourself, tiny,  
inside the golden amber of her eyeballs  
suspended, like a prehistoric fly.  
Heart warming and lovely photo. 
If it's a cat they "tolerate" love. If it's a dog they love you more than you love them. 
This picture could be a stock photo lol
[Waiting for this.](https://i.imgur.com/wG5NXtz.mp4)
I think that cats loves that lil boy. Look at them sitting together. Cats only love when they want to. 
Beautiful cat. I envy their bond.
Oh my god. I started sobbing. 
Beautiful ❤️
This pix is like a beginning of a good book...like a Winnie the Pooh story
My son and my now ran away cat Sam had this kind of relationship. Didn't make any sense but he loved that kid and spent as much time as he could with him. 
You should totally post this on r/redditgetsdrawn
Tortoise Shells are always kind of moody.
Pblbj
Ooooooooh my goddddd 😫😭❤
This is so fucking heartwarming and everything about it makes me feel good and stuff
The same thing happened to my little sister and the cat that was born about 2 months before her! She has basically abused that cat since the day she was born, and the cat has only hurt her 2 or 3 times EVER. They’re both 5 years old now, and they’re still best friends.
Oh my fucking god the feels .
“Tolerates”?
Love everything about this photo and caption. 
Very cute. The picture is warm.
He took the trouble that was there in her eyes, which you thought was there was good
r/accidentalrockwell
I don't understand why, but this photo has me on the very edge of weeping openly. 
This picture warms my heart! ☺️
this is some CalvinHobbes X WinniePooh crossover that I didn't know I needed in my life
"I love you, Cat."

"I know."
Great picture 
This picture literally added 100 years to my life! 🥰
This kitty belongs in r/supermodelcats
Would love to see more pictures of your son and cat. 
Torties are wonderful
What a great photo!
beautiful pic and relationship!
Since which was born
She just loves him back
Love 💕 this so so much 😻😻
My heart just melted 
Post it to: [/r/redditgetsdrawn](https://www.reddit.com/r/redditgetsdrawn) 😊
Are those little suspenders I see?! My heart has officially exploded! 
This is so precious 😭 
I don't have any particular interest in having children of my own, but there's something really special about the bond between an animal and their young hooman 
Oh my gosh, my heart just exploded with love
Makes me miss my old cat. We were best friends :( I never got to say goodbye.
I wonder what they're thinking of? Such a beautiful, calming picture. They look like they have an amazing, tight bond. 
I experienced many emotions looking at this photo
Hey thats in Forest Park in St. Louis right? Love that place! 
We're gonna need moar!
I needed to see this tonight!
This is all I’ve ever wanted tbh. 
No
He looks like CR and that cat is Pooh :) This made my day
This is beautiful
This looks like Alice Keck Park in Santa Barbara!

&#x200B;
Mm-hum...yup.
What a great picture. It's inspired me to pick up my camera again.
It makes me feel happy weepy. They are so damn cute!!!
So perfect. Congrats!
As much as I love this photo I can't stop thinking that they're very close to the edge, no?
This is getting upvotes insanely fast 
This reminds me of when I use to read Calvin and Hobbes as a kid. Hopefully they'll have a bond like that. 
Torties look perpetually disgruntled, but I've had two and they are the most loving cats I've ever had 
Sweet and wistful....
This is too cute
The real Calvin and Hobbes.
This is precious. As a kid who grew up with a cat ever since I was born, I can relate and it makes me miss having one in my adult life.
I love cats. I miss my cat :(
Do you mind if I keep this picture? Do you have any higher resolutions?
Instantly reminds me of pooh and Christopher Robin 
Cool...
Watch out mom might cut off his head 
What a delightful picture. An unconventional composition that makes the picture all the more powerful. Nice work OP and also lovely to hear of their unique bond.
It’s a nice photo, but does anyone have an idea as to why it’s one of the most upvoted things I’ve seen today?
r/calvinandhobbs
That has to be your permanent phone background. What a great moment!
So amazing, this is like something from a children's book.
the picture is amazing
Beautiful pic of them together
My god. Such a beautiful pic.
Be careful. The cat might be manipulating your child. Kids are very impressionable and cats can sense this and will use it to their advantage.
I download this pic bro and put it on everything!
HOLy crap! That looks like lake of the isles in mpls!
I wish my sister's cat is like your cat. Unfortunately, she likes to attack without provocation and had thoroughly spooked my sister's daughter. Once, she saw the cat lunge for my face (thankfully only getting my glasses) and bawled for ages.
Thos looks like a poster for a matt damon movie.
they understand each other for life.
😍
Cats: sometimes tolerant of affection.
about to get 100k upvotes holy 
I honestly would do anything to get back to the time when this was me.. At one point we had like 14 cats at my grandparents house and that's when I learned how each of them had its own personality :)
Oh my heart!
That is so pure 😍
This is a beautiful thing you do, this pic.


I love this, another post in this sub that legitimately made me say "aaww!"
It’s so rare the Internet makes me physically smile
I want to see a comic of them (sorry OP) 
So darned sweet.
/u/baeata
Cutest little thing. Ever :((
“tolerates” honestly that’s cat love if i’ve ever heard of it
Chill outdoor cats are awesome.
This is a really great pic! Seriously, it’s good good
That's a dog.
Can you post some more pics:)
Wait. .. since who was born? Your son or your cat?
make my day! thank you
This picture is gonna break records 
BRB gotta go hug my cat 
My heart ❤️ 
Best buds plain and simple.
I love this photo, it made me smile. What a great bond 💕
beautiful story
Looking for fish?
That's such a beautiful picture. 
I think it's "his cat" now.
that's beautiful
I sincerely hope you don’t live in Florida.
This is how I want to raise my children!
Beautiful pic
A boy and his cat. That’s purfect.
Too cute
Man does this make me miss my cat. His tubby ass was always my best friend, no matter what.
awwww this is the cutest!
gosh.. this warmed the fuck out of my heart. Thanks. 
This is so sweet...melts my heart.
Very few pictures have struck me like this one.

Thank you.
Adorabel
I wish I can have something like this
Please tell me his name is Calvin!
This made my morning much better 😊
This picture truly show some love! 
I absolutely adore it
This is quite possibly the best photo I've ever seen.
It's so adorable
Sweet pic
This is hands down the sweetest picture I've ever seen. What a perfect memory. 
This picture makes me feel peaceful.
My parents had my black cat before me and when I was born he would heave himself into my crib. My parents were scared he would smother me cuz he was so fat, but he became my guardian and slept on my bed till the day he died 💙
Grown ass man here, instantly moved to quiet tears first thing in the morning.  This photo is really going to be something special for your son through his life.
looks like the meaning of life in a pure sense
Beautiful picture! 
Reminds me of my old tortie. She was so sweet and social around new people. This picture actually made me tear up, thank you op. 
My son's first word was the name of our kitty. :)
No lie, my current cat is like my spirit animal or something. I've had cats and dogs growing up but I really connected with this one eyed fluff. 
It is not possible to tolerate love
They both look adorable
CAT
We should buy a boat 
Precious!!!!!
Omg it looks so similar to the [little prince and the fox](https://giphy.com/gifs/fox-trailer-the-little-prince-l41lIJ4HfRlezFJXq) 
It’s a perfect picture, pure, wholesome, and for some reason I wanna say thank you. And that’s all I have to say about that. 
We recently saved a stray kitten he loves my 2 year despite how rough he is with him my son will pick him up squeeze him throw him choke him beat him twist his head I fear he mite kill the cat sometimes but the cat didn't care he still cuddles up next to my son trys to play with him there best friends and it's beautiful I just hope that cat survives my son's love lol. Edit:for the record we don't just let the kid abuse the cat we stop him tell him no and try to teach him gentle touch but it still happens from time to time
Christopher Robin (2018)
'Tolerate' is definitely the correct word for cat love
looks like a greeting card or a calendar.
This post has warmed my heart!  

Thank you for rescuing an older cat, and for raising a little human to love and respect animals.  
amazing picture.  It reminds me so much of my childhood and my bond with my first dog.
Saving this picture to cheer me up when I'm down. 
I have a tortie too and she is the best cat ever.
This.
Is The Sweetest.
Photo.
Ever.
Might be the only one being sad about it. My 2yo daughter loves our cat but we have to let it go to another family because she seems to be allergic to it...
I love this so much! I have a tortie cat too who is also very sweet. I always laugh at the vet when they tell me that tortoiseshell cats just "have an attitude". I don't see it lol! Thank you so much for sharing this. :\]
Amazing picture! 
OMG this picture is amazing, I hope you have it enlarged and framed in your home, love it!!
He will remember her forever and she will make a lifelong lasting impact on his life.  My sons each had a favorite cat and those cats were such a big part of their formative years.  
this may be my favorite internet picture thus far. 
One day he’ll grow up and realize that that dog is a cat. 
r/calvinandhobbes 
I’m not crying. You’re crying....
This is just so adorable and pure
Cats love people too. There are lots of ways they show it that I can't remember, but one is when they look at you and do those long, slow blinks with both eyes.
We had a cat when I was a baby. One day my parents came in and said it’d died. I was devastated. 10 years later they told me it didn’t die, they took it to a really nice farm because they thought it would attack me. So dead cat not dead and got to live on a nice farm
Blow this pic up and put it in a frame!!❣️🐱
I wonder what they're thinking about.
This is such a poignant photo. It made my eyeballs sweat a little bit. 
I wish i had a relationship like this with my cat....
I wonder if my cat would like kids, she instantly loves everyone she meets but has never met a child. 
This photo makes me feel warm
This warms my heart. 
D'aww!
Love..
Seriously, love this photo 
that is an adorable photo
This is absolutely adorable.  Thank you for sharing!
awww *sniff sniff*
Today is the best day
meow meow meow     ok sounds good to me  lets do it
Can confirm tortoishells will do this
I know ex-cat-ly what you mean! 
Lovely picture. Would it be weird to use this as a background wallpaper?
So what do you want to do today? The same thing we do every day ... TRY TO TAKE OVER THE WORLD!
Cool repost
No one owns a cat
I saved this pic to my phone. It really struck me. If there's a heaven and I got in, mine would look just like this pic. 
very nice picture!! Best friends forever 
This could be one of the best pictures I’ve ever seen.
This is the purest thing I've ever seen 
Awwww, so blessed. My son and his cat have the same kind of relationship.
 

### Real Friends
Grow together❤️
We found a ferrel kitten in our yard many years ago. He was the "best friend "to all our grandchildren with patience and tolerance I would never expect from a cat. He was just so sweet and loving. We had him for 21 years.
I like this picture
What a great photo, I love my kitty Cardi K... 
Wonderful title and picture. They’re adorabe!
I love this. It's the same with my daughter and our golden doodle. I wish pets lived longer. I would love to see them grow old together.
Precious!
This pic really melts my heart
CALVIN AND HOBBES
I have this in my saved threads, so that I can come back to it any time I need a smile. 
10/10
Now that’s a living room framer!
That cat is 100% named after a philosopher and answers all the kid’s deep questions. And if the kid’s name is Calvin...
gimme de awards!
Calvin and Hobbes
This is EXACTLY like Calvin and Hobs
Best buds.
Everything the light touches
spoop
This is a repost from photoshop battle... why would you that? 
I love her! I’m so glad you found such a great family member 😸
Gonna suck when the cat passes on
"My" cat

&#x200B;

lol
Please don't downvote me.

I'm really curious as how to this can get over 100k upvotes. I really like this post ye but what makes it so amazing that it deserves that many upvotes? OP could have easily been lying. It's not a rare photo that could be taken. 
Yeesh, you editorialized the fuck out of that title. 
"everything is a dildo if youre brave enough" i dig that
Mombots and Mombies, obviously
Not trying to be a jerk, but is that a stuffed cat?
Unfair to say cat merely tolerates it when clearly cat loves your son just as much. Your title contributes to the stereotype that cats are not loving
He needs a dog
Get that boy a dog, the dog will love your son In a way never imaginable. 
Blah blah no one gives a shit about your kid
Cute picture until you realise it’s kept prisoner in a home and only allowed outside to get staged photographs. 

ugh. 
This is the most upvoted post on reddit that I have ever seen 😮. How ?!
I would not feel that comfortable with my son sitting that close to a river but that’s just me. Cute pic tho 
It’s gonna suck when the cat dies.
[deleted]
Doge > filthy cate
Yo I’m just here for karma so I can post on r/memeconomy please support a homie’s cause 
[removed]
