Haha I like that we can tell he's talking to them as he pets them
With the exception you coming home, he is the highlight of their day. 
My dad walks really early in the morning and he’s always repeating a story about these two chocolate labs that always come out to see him. He’s uncharacteristically giddy when he’s telling us and it’s always the same story.  He carries small treats to give them (owner is fine with it), rubs their heads and knows their names. I’ve noticed he’s kind of depressed when the dogs aren’t out in the morning. It’s the little things
our mailman has quietly over 2 years won the trust of our greyhound who is afraid of men. i didn't even know he was doing it but one day i heard a kind gentle voice talking to her at the gate and after a few weeks she would nervously but excitedly whine when he delivered mail. this summer she crept up to him on shaky legs with tucked tail and he was able to pet her for the first time. all in all, an A+ human being.
This really changes that old stereotype of the relationship between dogs and mailmen.
People who show love to animals like this are fast tracked into my cool club.

Edit: My first Reddit Gold! Thank you kind stranger!
My dog would have peed on that package.
I’m having a really hard week and this made me feel so much better, thanks OP!

EDIT: It sounds like others are struggling right now too. Hugs from a stranger and I hope everything gets better soon. <3
if i had a postman like this i would order stuff so he had to come drop things off every single day to try and make his and the dogs' days better always. 

edited for spelling
My dad was a mailman for 30+ years and always carries dog treats with him.  He walked the same route all those years and every dog loved him. Now cats on the other hand...
Hold up,  can we talk about that package drop? Thing got the ground without a bounce,  tilt,  rotation,  just perfect angle of ground and wall plop like the DVD lettering bouncing around your screen finally coming home! 
This is awesome my dad was a mailman and always kept treats in his mail truck for the dogs on his route. Years after he had retired I was having x mas dinner at my cousin in law and a older neighbor lady that was now alone since her husband passed away was joining us and she kept saying u look familiar too me and we couldn't figure it out since am pretty sure i have never seen her. Well later on she said o I got go back home and let the dog out and the kids wanted to go over and play with dog since my daughter was one and am a animal lover I join them. The dog was waiting at the window and was getting all worked up as we were walking up. She opens the door dog dodges threw the kids and is just going nuts on me running around me and jumping. I look at the older lady and she is tearing up saying that's it you look like the last mailman we had I haven't seen her act like this since he stop delivering here she loved him it was the joy of her day. She literally went thru like depression when he retired. We then figured it out after she showed me a picture she took showing my dad and dog that my dad was her mailman. My dad and I  would stop over from time to time to visit and take the dog for a walk. Unfortunately about 2 years later the dog passed away. But she was so thankful she said seeing her dog being happy to end meant the world to her. 
My mom is a mail carrier and probably spends more on dog bones than gas
I take it your dogs can't wait for the next mail delivery.
Shit like this gives me hope for humanity, the simple act of hanging out for a couple minites to show some dogs some love, it's not world changing but I love it
You should leave him a Christmas card with a picture of your dogs on it. 
It's funny to think your dog could have friends you don't know about. 
Aww that's awesome, they still get love when you're not home!
I want to be a postman now! 
My boyfriend is a mailman and he does this all day long. 
Expert box toss too
I love when he leans in for doggie kisses 😘 
I'm a home inspector, and sometimes I'm inspecting an occupied home when the seller isn't home, but the cat(s)/dog(s) are/is.  I love it. It makes my day so much better when I get to love, pet and play with an animal for a while. Brings a little joy to my day that might not have happened otherwise.
My head cannon for this mailman is that his dog died and he hasn't gotten a new one yet and he just wants to spend some time with some pups.
Reminds me of my dad! He's been a mailman for over ten years and lovessss dogs to the point where he buys a giant box of dog biscuits to give to all the doggies on his route. He's even gotten Christmas cards from just the dogs 😂
What cams are those?? In the market for some lol..
I take it your dogs are mailman lovers. Super cute. 
My Dad recently retired from Nestle Water where he was a water delivery guy. My Dad started that job when he was in his early 30’s and retired at 66. He never took an office job when them as he got older. He loved being on his truck and delivery water to people but what he says he loved the most was getting to know all the “route dogs.” He knew every dog’s name and he would give them treats when he saw them  (with the permission of the owner.) He has been retired for a year now and I recently asked him if he misses working. He said “No not really, but I really miss my dog friends.” 
A good mailman knows who's really in charge in the neighborhood and is quick to make best friends.
That was an incredibly accurate package toss as well
Mailman delivers awww
This is so wholesome.
Aww that’s probably one of the best parts of his day!
So nice! 
time to think about a change in career

&#x200B;
If it takes longer for my mail to be delivered for this reason I’m okay with it. 
I think this was one of the only things I really enjoyed about doing pizza delivery a few years ago, just getting to pet people's dogs while they went to get money. There was one house that let me stand in their hallway out of the rain while they fetched theirs, and their dog would wander out wagging his tail. It was just really nice to essentially earn money for petting dogs.
Plot twist: puppers have their own Amazon account. Place orders just to get pets from mailman.
Good man.
I suspect that's the kind of mailmain i would be.  Dogs are so much better than people.
i mean that's cute and all, but he kinda spit in your yard lmfao
Former letter carrier here! I loved the friendly dogs on my route and many of my carrier friends brought treats for their favorite dogs (even though it’s a HUGE no no). Ellie, Chester, J Lo, Honey, and Lilly were the highlight of my days and I still miss seeing them every day. 
I love when he puts his hand on his hip for a brief second as he’s waiting for the dogs! 
He didn't kick the package all the way from his car....what kind of mailman is this? 
Wow. What a special human. How he stood there and waited for them to come out. Just taking a second to have some joy in his day. Great video.
Man, I bet my mailman wishes he delivered to your neighborhood. My guy came by today and had a can of pepper spray on BOTH sides of his bag AND one on his hip. You'd think he was delivering mail in the Bob Marshall Wilderness and was expecting bears.
USPS

United States Pupper Scritcher
lol he has a favorite too but like a true dog lover he gives the white one the half ass scratch rather than just ignore him.
You know what would be cool for him? Maybe a little sign that's tucked into your porch where only someone who approaches that close could see, that says something like "We love you too, Mailhuman"! And maybe an occasional treat for him. Like the federal dog he is lol
Someone is getting a Christmas present this year 
I think your dogs are mailman lovers 
Wholesome af
If you’re ever home when he comes by (even to the end of your driveway, I’m assuming he delivers packages to your door & letters to the box, that’s what I’m familiar with) you should take the time to go out & greet him at his truck & invite him to come up to your porch to formally meet your dogs. It’ll make his whole day!!
I'm a mailman and I do this
Sweet! And he gives the dogs equal attention. What a great person! 
Its nice to see two natural enemies getting along
That's the mailman you leave a holiday gift for.

...I'm focusing on the time that you posted this and the time the video was recorded
He has a lot of experience around dogs; if you watch he extends his hands face down to allow the dogs to sniff instead of going in for those out of this world back scritches.

From what little I know of dog behavior this is especially useful in dogs that don't know you. It gives them a way to identify you while they feel safe (your hands aren't in "attack positions" if that makes any sense?)

It's interesting I think. I began doing that with my new puppy and she is a lot more comfortable around me than she used to be.
Since its the internet, I was waiting for him to grab one and run off. Sorry!
My favorite part is after all the “dawww” he turns around and spits on your flowers 😂
Used to work for at@t installing u-verse. One of the best aspects of this job was finding people's dogs.  

One dog I remember was  hunting dog.  He was out back with me when I was working.  He brought me a ball, he goes gets it and brings it back like a good boy. I then have to go into the crawl space to finish my work.  It was about 2 feet high.  I'm crawling on my belly for about 30 feet to my work area and as I'm working this dog comes in also on his belly with the ball in his mouth.  So I proceed tp play fetch in the crawl space with this dog and he is chasing the ball on his belly.  
Your dogs are mailmen lovers FTFY
Hopefully that package wasn't fragile!
Not dog related, but the postman that comes to my work is there at the same time everyday. Makes a coffee in our kurig and goes pee while it brews. I say hi to him everyday and with it being cold, I bought him a thermos. So now he can take some extra coffee on the go. He had a vacation recently and it was really weird not seeing him for a week. 
I am a mailman and can honestly tell you this is the best part of the job. 
While this is really cool, I think it's really uncool to put footage of someone online without their consent. It may be legal, but it's totally uncool. 
Was nice till he spit by your flowers
That’s the same sugar that gets me thru my day!
I wish someone came to say hello to my dogfriend while I was away each day.
All very nice, but I hope you got his permission before posting this on Reddit. 

It's a nice & personal private moment for him that he might not want put up or feel inhibited by if he knows that any actions he does will be exhibited and be seen by so many witnesses (this is one of the reasons why you have a camera in the first place, yeah? To act as a deterrent against certain behaviour). 

Even his employer might pull him up for if they see it as "wasting time" for a delivery, as crappy as that would be - better to enjoy what you've seen and enjoy the knowledge you've got a good mailman who enjoys these moments of peace in their job. 
Hope it wasn’t anything breakable in the package
Good, wholesome content
I think he has a favorite. 
and I think he has a favorite
Awww, I love this!
That’s probably the highlight of his day. So sweet 
D’aww. Wholesome as heck.
I take it the dogs are mailman lovers
A mailman who my dogs adore, who adores my dogs, will get a nice Xmas present.
I like how he stands there, literal hands on hips awaiting his little friends.
He's just investing in his future
You have a very nice lawn

On the other hand, the hero fears not, that, if he withhold the avowal of a just and brave act, it will go unwitnessed and unloved


u/undercoverpiethief 
I hope that the increase of home cameras will reveal not only the bad folks but also show us moments like this. I also hope that most will be like this. Such a cool moment!
Probably the highlight of the fellow's day. If I could play with a dog at work for 1-2 minutes my life would be so much more bearable.
This is what makes us humans... 😌 It’s the simple things that makes us happy, 
I’m so de-sensitized to bad news that I was completely enthralled with a video that wholesome 
I like how he stood there for a moment waiting for the doggies to make it outside. 
SOMEBODY GET HIM A RAISE 
my reaction to pretty much every dog I've ever encountered my entire life.
I like the dogs on my route more than the people. 
My mailman pissed in my front yard today
I just love how I can tell which one is his favorite. 
Sometimes you just need to pet some dogs to get through the day
[deleted]
I'd totally say this is weird... But if that were my job that'd be the highlight of my day... 

Brb just applying for new jobs
This could stay at the top of my feed forever and I would be happy. 
Who else cranked the volume?
Completely defying the stereotype!
Your mailman is a good boi.
He was having a ruff day
I take it your dogs are mailman lovers as well!
We're used to almost all dogs being hostile with us so this exception is most welcome. 
Is that a puggle?! That's my personal favorite breed. 
I love this! Our old mailman used to carry treats for all of the dogs along his route and my dog was always stoked to see him approaching. Our new mailwoman won't even deliver our mail if the dog is in the front yard :(
This is so pure.
mailman/keeper of the peace.
My comcast guy works with a bag of doggie treats in his pocket. He must make a lot of friends! 
Omg invite him over for Thanksgiving!! 
"Why is my mail late?" "I have to pet all the doggos." "Never mind, my mail is right on time. Carry on."
This warms my heart. So sweet!
I love how he stood there and waited for them to come visit him.
This is so sweet!  It reminds me of my dad who is a mailman and always keeps a huge bag of treats in his mail truck for all the dogs on his route.
The white fluffy dog is super interested in the package lol
Dogs cure cancer
My cousin is a mailman and actually goes out of his way to buy treats for the dogs on his route. The guy doesn't even own dogs at the moment, but loves him. One of his coworkers mentioned how e en the toughest, meanest dogs let him stroll by like nothing now. 
Probably the only love her gets on his route.
There’s a certain way people pet dogs that you can just tell they have a good heart
It is a wise letter carrier who takes the time to make friends with the dogs on his or her route.  And a happier one, I imagine.
We got a new temporary delivery person a few months ago and she was so great with our dog. My wife and I wanted her to get the route permanently so I sent positive feedback through the post offices website. Well, I get a call back from my local office as couple hours later telling me how shes not allowed to pet dogs, shes been told to never do it again, and it's a serious violation of policy. We never saw her on our route again. I was so mad and felt terrible about it. 
How about that stellar box toss though?
Ugh this makes me miss summertime...
We need more wholesome mailman gifs in this cruel dark world
We must protect him at all costs.
If your home gets broken into I know the first suspect. Those pups would lick his ankles as he's stealing your Sony.. 
Bet you his supervisor sees this and gives him shit for not wearing his satchel. 
That CCTV camera is better than my mobile camera
my first dog was best buddies with the ups guy. my family started using amazon early on so he was always delivering packages to our house, and she was constantly trying to find new ways to escape her fenced in area so she could get in his truck with him when he did a delivery with no one home. the driver loved it, pretty sure one year he had a christmas card with him and my dog sitting in his truck together
risky click of the day.
Awwww they love him but that white one adores him!!
I realized I was a pessimistic when I was expecting to see him steal the dog. 
Finding it very difficult not to shed a tear
I love how he just waits for them. And I bet they were waiting for him too! So pure. I love this. 
Brings a tear to my old, jaded eyes.  

Thank you for posting this.  It's lovely. 
People need dogs. I miss every single one of my old dogs I don't have anymore. 
We don't see her but he's attempting to court the homeowner (Sandy, 53).
This guy knows how to distribute his pets, truly a dog lover. 
The man spat on your daffodils though
Or a serial killer and he’s grooming the dogs for the day he plans on striking they dont bark at him, giving the homeowner an alarm of intrusion. (I’m a lawyer.) sorry blame law school. 
I'm a letter carrier and m my fur babies are the best part of my day. 

I carry dog treats, cat nip, and nuts for squirrels and crows. 
I'd deliver mail to you any day. Just pm me your address. 
I think I might be a mailman lover!
The best part to me was that he actually did everything right in terms of approaching them... back of hands, at their own pace, no food. 10/10 would let pet again.
You have a nice front yard, good work on that
Transcript of his conversation:

"Whhhhhooooooshagoooooooodbwwwwoooooy.??? Yoooooooooshhhhhhhhagoooooodboyyyyyyyyyye!"
Are we all going to ignore the perfect little toss he does that land the package right up to the door? 
How he literally waits for the pups to wake from their snooze to come greet him.. this ain't his first rodeo. 
I take it your dogs are a Mailman lover.
He doesn't give a fuck about that package.

He's there for the dogs. :)
I take it your dogs are mailman lovers.
When I was a teenager out dog loved our mailman. The dude was nice and always had dog treats with him. The thing was, she then loved EVERY mailman or -woman and would always run to them frantically wagging her tail, no matter where we met them.
Luckily, mailpeople always have dog treats and seem to be used to this because my dog was pretty big and having 35 kg of dog running excitedly at you could be weird if you didn't know why.

My dog used to LOVE our mailman. My parents lived on a 13 acre plot and my dog would go out everyday to greet him. He showered her with treats and pets and best of all scritches on her butt. They moved (got a new mailman/woman who I was friends with and made routine drop ins) because my brother had a baby and gave their house to he and wife and everything was cool. And then I messed everything up by having a baby of my own and now her job is apparently super serious and the mailman/woman (who’s my friend and my dog knows her) is her number one enemy and must be destroyed. When I brought home my daughter my dog decided it was her duty to protec and attack. But mainly snack. 
So wholesome! 
The lives our dogs live, that we know nothing about.
He's just buttering them up so they don't mind when he robs your house.
Does he know you recorded him and put it online? 
All hail USPS, bringer pettings and gifts for our master!
Now that I think about it wouldn’t becoming friends with dogs make his job easier. Even if you don’t care for them at lest they won’t nip and bark at you. 
I have been a postie and I can say that every dog I saw or got to pat was a highlight of my day. I'd get home from work and tell my patner about all the dogs I saw that day! It's the best part of the job.
maybe the dogs are mailman lovers
Looks like he's wiping a tear at tear when he walks away.
When I was a UPS helper this was the only thing I liked about the day. 
He works not for the mail but for the dogs.
Awh, I love how he stands there and waits for the dogs to come.
I like how he waited for the dogs to come, after he delivered.
Adorable however that’s how people spread disease 
I like how he props his hand on his hip like he's waiting for the cashier to get to the front to help him.
seems like your dogs are a mailman lover
2 hands, 2 dogs.....coincidence? I think not!
That perfectly executed throw against the door, gotta let the doggos know you're there.
I liked his golly into the planter at the end
IT LOOKS LIKE THEY LOVE HIM TOO 😭
He might dognap them soon...
I love how he sticks around and waits for them 
Holesome as fuck
I work at a doggie daycare, and we usually get a package every few days with new toys or treats. One of our dogs Juliet, a 1 year old golden retriever, knows a chewy.com box from an amazon box and will STALK us relentlessly until we open it and show her the toys inside

Not quite the same, but I like to think she'd hug the mailman if she was up front when he came to deliver
You cheating little turds. Is this what you're up to when I'm out of town? Just getting back scratchies from everyone and anyone.
My mailman was terrified of the 130 lb lump of hair and love laying on my front porch. He asked if my Bernese Mtn Dog was a "long-haired Rottweiler." 
My carrier is on a first name basis with my dog, she even slips him treats through the screen door. The fact that she got to know him when he’s an 80lb German Shepherd, and saw through his big bark is awesome. Pretty trusting of a strange dog. 
What camera model and specs ?
Oh boy, a spam account getting 95k!
Your dogs are having an affair with the mailman. 
This is the sweetest! I love that he places the parcel and waits because he knows the puppers will come out the see him. 
When I go to the shops, on my way home I drive down a particular street because a giant black poodle lives there. Sometimes he’s laying in the front yard, other times he has a doggy friend there, and another time his human was getting home as I was driving past and the dog was so excited. Made my heart happy. 
I take it your dog is a mailman lover.
Been a mailman before. We had dogtreats at the office to bring to the dogs on the route. The dogs recieved our mails even though we had nothing for their owners. It was simply a joy for everyone. 
It's his dog break
After tons of cam videos showing trashy deliveries is nice to see this
Nice to see something getting ‘stolen ‘ from a front porch besides packages. A little love stolen here I would say! And the doggos love the mailman too! Sweet!
I walk my neighbors dog and when she sees the mailman she RUNS to him, because he’s earned her trust with treats. So every time she sees him her brain goes TREATS!
BYE BLUE HUMAN WE LOVE YOU SEE YOU TOMORROW
I 💜 him. 
Heartwarming <3
We don't deserve dogs 
Hey this guy could have really needed the love an animal at this moment and your pups were there for him !:)
Aww he dropped your package then waited for your dogs to come get pets. This mailman knows what's important.
Just goes round huggin dogs all day
That's a man who needs a hug
If I was a postman, it would literally take me an extra 2 hours a day to do my rounds cause I would pet all the doggos.  We had a UPS man that used to bring my old dog a treat and pets when he dropped off a package.  Bailey used to be able to hear his truck coming WAY before we did.  He could even tell the Fedex truck from the UPS truck.  He would ignore the Fedex truck because they are doggo haters.  One day he got loose and jumped up in the truck before poor Derrick could deliver the package.  I think he would have gone home with him.  Traitor.
Not sure if OP will see this but I wonder what cameras those are... they're super clear!
What camera system you got there? Very good picture. 
if they ever go missing, you already know who did it! 
I love it.  He waited for them to come out :)
May I ask what camera system you have? This is pretty crisp and clear.
I deliver mail in a rough part of my town. Whenever I can get lovins from animals makes me so happy. I have the same "baby talk" voice for every dog I come across, vicious or not. But its embarrassing when I get caught loving on a "vicious" pitbull with my special voice. Lol idk if Homeboys appreciate that. 
Nice camera bro. What is that 1080p?
That could've taken a turn for the worse, given all of the dog-snatching stories I see on the news nowadays.

&#x200B;

I'm glad it didn't.
Hardly his fault since both of those dogs look to me to be good boys.
I am the one who knocks (and pets your dogs)
what a good boi
The spectrum of dog personality is the simplest, most obvious way of understanding, relating, and connecting to the personalities of every other living thing, including humans.  A skittish cat is the same as a skittish dog.  A scared dog, to the point of aggression, from neglect and/or abuse, is the same as a person; an aspect of humanity that's confused into complexity.

It's obvious, and it's sitting right there in our world, but a lot of people don't seem to see it.  Understand how something came to behave some way.
My old mailman (he retired) was the best. He always took a few minutes to play with my dogs and had a baggie of cheerios for treats for them. If they wernt outside he would open the mail flap and say hello to each of them by name. He was the best mailman. He lives just a few blocks from my parents house so we still see him sometimes. 
Love this! Such a sweet moment 
The brown dog is genuinely sad when the postman leaves. I’m so jealous. 
 My lab goes crazy the first few seconds someone comes up to the door. The mailman always talks to her through the screen and she’s always quiet when he comes up. 

The other night, my boyfriend and I were walking her around the neighborhood and she saw the mailman at another house. She got SO excited. It was the cutest thing. 

I always appreciate it, we have another mail lady who is not super friendly with the dogs. It’s very obvious when it’s her vs the main guy. I know not everyone is a dog person, but we have the ring and can see how disgusted she is when our dog barks. She just really likes people and wants belly rubs :( 
Such good dogs!

Please give them both a pet from me! They are so cute. 
Ok time for a dog walker to chime in. Walking dogs while people were at work from 9-5, I ran into a lot of mail carriers. Now, I used to have a paper route, I can appreciate the risk dogs pose to mail carriers. Dogs can get aggressive toward a stranger in a uniform that comes onto their property. 

But what always pleased me is that mail carriers never ONCE declined to take time out of their day to fraternize with my walk groups. A lot of the were pleased to help me with the socialization of dogs, and spend a few minutes making the dogs sit for treats. Most of them demonstrated a knowledge I’m not too used to seeing (outside of the dog professional field) about dog body language and socialization. And I get it, they’re being smart. They encounter territorial dogs on their job and are happy to work with others to create solutions that don’t involve shooting a dog. 

Now compare this to uniformed professions (cough police) where dogs are routinely shot and killed due to lack of knowledge of dog safety and dog body language. They say that where you have only a hammer all you see is nails. I believe that where you have a gun, all you see is targets. Where you have only your hands and your brain you see opportunities to familiarize yourself with dogs and learn their body language so that they happily invite you onto their territory. 

Props to this mailman for rewarding friendly behavior when he sees it. Smart and forward-thinking, considering his profession. 
Mailpeople are great. The dude who delivered mail to my office is chill af. All I could think about the other week was how scary the mail bomb situation must have been for them.
Is that a Puggle I see? I have one...they’re the best!
People that are kind when noone is watching. 

This dude for president. 
Leave him an ice cold beverage in your mailbox or next time you're expecting a package. He'll appreciate it more than you can imagine.

Source: ex mailman 
. . . .

I was waiting for him to steal at least one.
Unsure how I feel about that spit at the end....
There's a cat that lives up the street from where I live that sits in a chair by the front fence. I always go out of my way to walk past for a minute or two of pats. Makes my day every day.

One of Jordan Peterson's 12 Rules for Life is: Pet a Cat When You Encounter One on the Street. Already adopted it myself before coming across it but it's a goodie!
Nice form of stress relief right there.
Fuzz therapy
Our mail carrier loves our two dogs, and they love her.

They always seem to need to go for a walk just as she's finishing delivering mail on our block (she parks her van in front of our house). 

We have two Boston terrier/pug mix (Buggs), one is ~12 and the other is about 6 months. If it's nice out, our mail carrier gets on the ground and plays with the dogs for a minute before heading to her next street. 

Also - like the gif, she keeps treats in her van.
The mailman at my old house would take my Pit Bull with him as he delivered mail on my horseshoe shaped street. He would come to the door, hand me the mail and Shadow would walk out and walk with him on the route and he dropped him off as he was leaving. He loved it because it was a sketchy area. Kinda sucked/funny as hell when a substitute showed up one day and my dog ran out to greet him because of the uniform. Turned out ok but scared the poor guy half to death. The post office actually had a memo for my house to beware of the very friendly, scary looking dog afterward.
My dad is a mailman. It’s pretty much the highlight of his every day life. I commonly get texts from him that are just pictures of him petting dogs he finds on his route. 
Dogs are better then cats 

Change my mind 
Yeah the dogs are cute - but that drop was a thing of art. Perfect balance, completely flush to the stormdoor, kept it safe to the house in case of rain, that throw wouldn't have damaged a basket of eggs. That's some quality delivery there.
No one is ganna talk about how he just lobbed that package?
omg that is so damn cute 
Now imagine if those were your kids.
Did he know he was filmed ? Did you ask his permission before posting his video on the Internet ?
My ❤️is smiling 
Scritches from the USPS.

Thank you for sharing. 
Sometimes you just need some puppy loves. 
I take it your dogs are mailman lovers 
*Mailmen are friends, not food*
Dog break
Can I be your mailman? 
Can we just all appreciate that throw (gentle and precise) 

The dogs are cute too 
FeelsGoodMan 
This could very well be the best part of that guy's workday. Or possibly even his entire day.
I read this as dog lawyer at first and was having a hard time
This probably made dudes day. 
Glad he likes your animals. But hopefully nothing fragile in that box as he tosses it to your door 
I LOVE shit like this.

Such a stop and smell the roses moment. Everyone should have one of these each day.

Best thing I've seen all day -- caught on tape: kindness to animals. 
Expecting just a self preservation cookie, but pleasantly surprised!  Love it,  thank you for sharing!  
As a mail carrier, I LOVE loving on dogs. There are a few that aren't so nice, so I like to give the good pups extra loves
Ugh. This is me. I'm also a postal person, and I live in the south. My routes are filled with mutts, herd guard dogs and pitbulls, most not properly trained or cared for, and usually have hackles up. 

It makes me so sad, sometimes, and then I have the wild urge to just get down and make kissy face or stick my hand out to introduce myself. Postal life is tough for dog lovers....
I see three good bois.
He comes back at night 
If they don’t love us they bite us so we would much rather be friends!😀
Haha I love how he’s like.. “okay guys come on out let’s do it.”
If you like dog loving postmen, you should check out @upsdogs on Instagram
And your dogs are mailman lovers
I love that he waited for them! 
My moms dog gets so excited when the mailman comes by. He always brings him treats and scratches his head. She lives in the middle of the country so her yard isn't fenced in and her dog is a big muscular boxert/pit but a huge baby. That mailman wasnt even phased just went right up to him for head pats! Now Rocky waits by the door every day around noon and when he gets there my mom always takes him out to see him it's so cute!
I'm impressed by his package slide-throwing skill.13/10 good mailman
Thanks to reddit for dispelling the old cats vs dogs, dogs vs mailmen tropes.
The other day I went pick up food for my dogs and while in the store a little 4 month old puppy lead her owner to me for some loving. Even with dogs of my own having an unknown dog come up excited to say hi brought some happiness to the day.
And here we observe as these natural become fast friends, which is proof that on the wild all things are possible.
I'd do the same thing
Im gonna be that guy.... be wary, he could be getting familiar with your dogs so they dont bark when he breaks into your house and takes your stolen chandelier from Tiffany's you've been hiding all this time.
Government employees fooling around on the job??? Call 911!
I love this guy 
That's not a very nice thing to call the guy who delivers all the shit you order online.
The dogs are mail man lovers too.
I love how he waits for them to come for all the pets. Must be their routine.
OC?
Awwwwww that's the cutest thing. 
A dog lover *and* one sweet ass man. You can take that to the bank.
r/mademesmile 
Lol in my head I saw him snatch a dog and waddle run away into the yard, but not towards the car..?
So, the whole thing about "dog biting the mail" it's just a myth? I don't know what to believe anymore. 
Your lawn is gorgeous! 
Sad thing is if this were pit bulls this thread would be locked. Just a recent observation I’ve noticed.
Your dogs love him right back.
What a sweet guy 
/r/Eyebleach 
I love your patio! 
So sweet. Though I dislike cameras, I love seeing the  goodness.

George Willis Cooke

On the other hand, the hero fears not, that, if he withhold the avowal of a just and brave act, it will go unwitnessed and unloved


I want a job where I can give scritches.  I work retail and see service dogs and want to go give them hugs and scritches, but alas, I know better.  

I did get some scritches in with a dog at Lowe's home improvement last week, a guy was taking his young dog anywhere he could to train him to behave in public and acclimate to people and situations.  For a 6 month old pup, he was so well behaved.
If only there was sound. I’d love to hear what he’s saying to them! 
Dogs: A mailman's best friend or sworn enemy depending on the house. 
What breed are those dogs? I wanna get one for my mom ❤️
I’m like this with any pets. If you are walking your dog I’ll have to stop you. Makes me sad seeing a dog and it being a service dog. :( I want to give pets 
I’m a mail lady and my job rocks. Driving around town by myself and running into cute puppers all day is living the dream in my book.
We have a big orange cat that we named Floof that basically lives outside our house and every day I can hear the mailman talking to her outside of our door and it's the cutest thing
The people who deliver the mail in my area (UPS, USPS, FEDEX...ETC) are all great. 
I always pet the dogs and some of the cats on my route, I don’t have too many aggressive ones, I also walk, so they see me a lot more. 
Mailmen have evolved☺️
Someone's getting a gift card for Christmas!!!
Sadly, little moments like this are a thing of the past, at least here in California. Our postal carriers have GPS devices that monitor their every move. If they pause longer than what management deams  "long enough to make delivery" they get a call on their cell asking them to move it along. Sad. 
Is he crying or sweating? Lol that dude deserves a raise
I take it he knew those guys were coming! 

Edit: he purposely hit the package on the door to get the doggy loves! Day made :)
I used to be a courier driver, and there was one house that had 3 big ass dogs. They were the cutest things. They'd wait for me at the fence and as soon as they saw me they'd go crazy. I would always be behind on my runs because I just had to stay and love them big silly floofs.
I don’t know whether to be mad or satisfied by the package throw and placement...
Must be a regular, there’s no way anyone else has that much time to waste.  
My mail carrier leaves treats for my dog every day. She’s the best!
I love when he waits for them to come out
Nice to see a mailman GIF on here where he isn't launching the package from 50 yards away.
See how expertly he tossed that parcel?
He needs to be their godfather. 


I used to live in rural WA State and our mailman and my dog had a wonderful relationship, Yogi knew what time and would wait in a bush. Then he would dash out, jump in her truck and she'd give him a treat. 

&#x200B;

Whoever filled in for her wasn't surprised. Anyone on her route with a dog was waiting. I often wondered how much she pent. 
This makes me happy and sad. Our old mail lady loved dogs and always had treats on hand. Even if we weren’t home or if our dog was inside she would leave a treat on any package she dropped off. My dog even got used to just looking over, getting the treat, and going on her way. 
Puggle snuggles. 
:)
I think I can say, this is the first time I have ever seen two things:

1. The dog is not trying to attack the mailperson.
2. The mailperson is not scared of the dogs and/or running away. 

But wow, that is a good heartwarming moment.
 
That is SO PRECIOUS!!!
So sweet! The little white one reminds me of my girl! My small princess, however, would prolly bark (or yell. It sounds like “AAAAHHH!” Really loud lol) at him from a distance. What a good dude!
This is so beautiful, I love this! He was able to take less than two minutes of his time out of his day to make these little puppers so proud, kuddos to him! The world needs more of these people !!!
Plot twist - He's just winning em over so they're not a problem during the eventual home robbery.
Finally some upsides to this post 2012 world.
My mailman is the same way. Whenever he has mail he always stops by our gate to give my dog a treat. It’s v wholesome. 
Plot twist he lives there!
And you get paid for this! 
I mean.. who isn't
I was waiting for one of them to piss on the package but saw I was in r/aww
I can just imagine what he sounds like and what he's saying to those rascals.
Life is nothing more than a series of moments. If you decide to love in, and live in, as many as possible, things can be alright. 

This guy is doing alright. 
He got so many kisses
My dad was a mailman. They provided him with pepper spray, which he never had to use, though he went through a lot of dog biscuits over the years. 
You don’t know what the guy is whispering to it 
Oh, my heart!!
Hope you tip him during the holidays. (Probably has been said, too lazy to look thru comments)
My old mailman would sing my dog a song he made up about her while feeding her treats. 
I remember back in high school going out with this girl and she said "my dad really likes your dog".  Me "How does your dad know my dog?" I hadn't even met him yet.  She said, "He's the mailman".
I have to relight a very brief story. When I was a new postal service letter carrier in the 1980s, my mail bag was equipped with a can of Halt, a pepper spray kind of solution that you spray at troublesome dogs. I seem to remember using it once or twice but it did little more than piss off the already angry dogs.

Some old timer talk to me and said don’t use that stuff. He had a box of milk bones that he kept in his sorting area and he gave me a bunch to put in a pocket in my bag. From that point forward, I would simply be friend every dog by giving it a milk bone. It doesn’t take long before all the dogs see you and wag their tails as you approach.


I loved how he waited for the pups to come running.  
Oh,one of the dogs stays so sad,looking at the mailman going away.
He's sharing secrets with your dog.
That epic little jump at the end lol. 
The secret lives of dogs...
Hahaha. At least he can enjoy that job.
A true person!
The UPS driver would always bring little doggy treats with him to my house as a kid 
This made my night, thanks for sharing.
I love this article [3 Things I Learned ](https://www.theodysseyonline.com/lessons-thank-u-next) 
I need to become a maillady so I can 1) get in shape and b) meet all the doggos and puppers 
In RDR2, if you pet dogs they won't bark at you when you gonna do something shady. 
You have to imagine that, in a stressful job like that, this could be the highlight of his day.
You can tell he has a huge soft spot for the shorthaired pup.
Garsh... dogs get it.
He's a good boy
> I take it my mailman is a dog lover.

ಠ_ಠ
I know the dogs on my mail route better than I know the home owners. I always make it a point to give pets where pets are permitted. Some dogs are not into it, and that's cool, that's their job. Just, you know, I'm not gonna force it. Especially since I can get written up if a dog has a bad day. 
Awe!!! I am sure it is rare when he sees dogs that are just as happy to see him! I love our mail carriers! 
I wonder what secrets that dog whispered to him. 
Makes me so happy 
This looks like my dream job 
I'm actually quite sad that I didn't get to pet the peppered-brown pit that I usually do while delivering today.
Dogs look so sad at end
This is definitely the best part of this guy's route.
Your dogs are cheating on you 
The never ending tail wag! 
They are buddies! 
Both just stoked the see eachother!

This put such a big smile on my face. 
I'm a mailman, I would do the same thing. I carry cookies in my truck and when the doggies see me it's like kids with the ice cream truck. I've been on my route for a while now and know almost all the dogs. It's one of the best parts of the job for a dog lover.

But as with everything, there are some that still don't like me. It's usually the small ones. The big pittys, boxers, Shepards are usually the sweetest. 
My dad is a letter carrier, he always carries a box of treats in his truck to give to the various dogs on his routes.
I’m not crying, you’re crying 
u/vreddit_bot
I was waiting for him to take a shit. 
I'm not crying, you're crying.
Purest thing I’ve seen on the internet in a while ❤️
But why did you wait four months to post?
Reddit has destroyed me... I was waiting for him to do something horrible
I never realized I wanted to be a mailman. 
If the dogs know who they are it helps to keep them from barking.. he’s just good at his job
Puggle?!!!
Our mailman carries dog treats in his pocket for our dog. We have a similar set up in our front yard. 
They will probably be terrible guard dogs though
Why the spit at the end??
Mine used to leave our dog cookies in the mail.

Koko would wait until we came home before eating it, letting us see it "See? I'm a good boy, even the mailman thinks so" before running off with it to eat.
Some of us do like dogs! It’s the worst part of owning a German Shepherd, I think they’re adorable but 90% of them don’t care for me at all. 
Very sweet, thank you for sharing :) 
Yet another perk of online shopping. Please buy all the things online and keep this healthy relationship going. 
That man deserves a christmas gift from your family this year! Or maybe a puppy
This is really sweet!
How could anyone not be a dog lover.
There can be peace in our time. 
When I was a kid our neighborhood had the coolest fucking mailman. He was one of those guys that was immediately everyone’s best friend but in an honest and non annoying way. Gary. Gary ran our block. He played with the dogs. Would take them out of peoples houses to delivery the mail on the block with him and the dogs loved him so much they never ran away. He was known for walking right into peoples houses if he saw you in the living room and siting down on the couch with you. Classic Gary shit. Everyone loved that dude. Turns out he was drunk and nobody knew; drunk on the job on day and he hit a teenager, they were mostly ok, well he got fired and then depressed and ended up shooting himself in the mouth. Nah just kidding I made that all up but I have always wished I had a badass mailman story. Fucking Greg is so boring. He’s never going to get laid. 

It almost feels like your dogs are cheating on you...
Thought it was going  to be a video of a guy stealing your dogs 
Make sure to give him a Christmas gift/tip. He deserves it.
When I woke up this morning I knew one thing, there was no way a mailman could make my cry today, I was wrong.
My neighbor used to call my pit bull to the fence and share some of his orange soda. That dog hated his wife so much, and she could never figure out why.

Months pass, and I realize that my dog had stopped barking at her. Sure enough, I look out the window one day to see him drinking orange soda out of her hand.
Barkbox delivery I see. I'd expect to get greeted by those sweet pups as well.
So pure!!
just watching people love on dogs is almost as good as loving on them myself ugh I love it 
People who treat animals with kindness and respect are good people.
So pure, i love it
I love it. I do the same thing. I love meeting and making new dog friends.
This is smart mailman tactics. Get all dogs on your route familiar with you so they don't try and kill you when you bring mail/packages.
I actually have a related story! I live in a very rural area, to the point my dogs freely roam outside even when I’m not home. The UPS guy always brings treats, so all 5 big dogs know to rush out to greet him when they see the big brown truck. One dog in particular, a pit mix, jumps into the truck and actually runs down the length of it to say hi to him while he’s grabbing the mail out of the back. The delivery driver loves it and knows all of them by name
Dogs really amazing
Way better than your dogman being a mail lover, that’s for sure!
I bet that is the best part of his work day.
I love how he waited for them to come out! 
My mom is a mail carrier and she keeps dog and cat treats in her jeep, even though she isn't supposed to. But she has her favorites and gives them treats after she gets the ok from the owners. She said there's a cat that has lunch with her most days. Not so much now since the cat will be inside due to winter. 
Did he just toss that package to the floor?
Our propane man would literally show up at our house without propane just to say hey to our two long haired German Shepherds. We came home one day and he was sitting on ground with our two dogs giving them chicken. (My dad let the dogs out they weren’t outside dogs). I’d like to also preface that we are in a super small town where it’s a mile from a neighbor and you don’t lock your front door.... so he wasn’t gonna do anything bad to them, he was super cool. 

One day he came to give us propane, and hadn’t been to our place is a while. He came out of his truck with two bones and was calling for the dogs. When they didn’t show up he knocked on the door and was like “hey I’m here for your propane.... I have treats for Dudley and Koda.” 
We had to break it to him that they had both passed away since he had came last. He started crying and hugged us. 
You never know how people are doing or what small things make them happy. 
Clearly his favorite stop of the day 
Bro... he totally just neglected that white doggo.
I don't know OP, to me it looks like he just loves dogs. 
I think he needed those moments with them as much as they were excited to see him. Looks like he's had a long day. I LOVE my mail carrier. We have a large box with smaller like p.o. boxes for each apartment where I live. If a package shipped to my apartment is too big for the box, she doesn't leave it at my door like other mail services, (Looking at you, UPS, leaving a brand new cell phone on my stoop, very clearly marked with a major cell phone provider's name ALL over the box.) she brings it to me personally at work. I mean, my work *is* also on her route, but the fact that she takes that time and that care is why I love her. Plus my cat likes to creep on her through the front windows of my apartment. 🤣
cuteeeee
do the right thing, send it to his wife so she knows what he's doing when he's at work
Buddy of mine has delivered mail for years. Says meeting friendly dogs along his route is the best part of his day every day. Knows several by name and keeps a big jar of treats in the truck. 
And they love him. 
I thught he was going to steal the dogs. ;)
That’s totally me, I’m disgusting I let random dogs lick my face
My dad is a letter carrier as well and he carries treats in his vehicle for the dogs on his route!
Wait...did the mailman just wipe some "I WAS depressed, but now I'm happy" tears as he walked away?
What they lack in guard-dogging they sure make up in cuteness!
Awww this probably makes his whole day💕
This warmed and then melted my heart. This is so sweet. 
This is so sweet.   
Thank god it’s only the dogs cheating on you with the mail man.
My mailman just stomps through my flowers.
I like how after he threw the box down he just waited 
My German Shepherd  is a mail man lover.  Years ago I had a MM that would give her a treat. Now whenever she sees anybody in a Postal Service uniform she runs up and sits in front of them waiting for a treat.  It's the only time she misbehaves and I can't stop her  from taking off by saying "no".
Anyone else ugly-crying over this? No? Just me? Cool. Coolcoolcool. 
I guarantee you he left them with a "Yall Begood".
It's cool to think your dogs have a loving relationship with a man you rarely meet. Like their living their own lives and forming their own social circle while you're at work
I've spent many hours with cats during my mailman rounds. The people are fun, dogs are weird, but cats always make my day.
I'd be leaving bottles of water allll the time for this dude.
Your mailman is a good boy.  
This made me smile on a hard day. Thank you. 
Even the spit at the end is cute
Are you really mad that this is why your packages are late ?
I always find it amusing that our dogs have relationships with people that we don't. There's a man from our neighborhood that walks his dog everyday and he always stops and gives our dog a treat. Everyday. She gets so freaking excited when she sees him.
Hes just trying to build their trust so he can get rid of em later. Probly gonna ship em east before the end of the month.
You better keep having dogs, or else you're never going to get your mail
I work around strangers homes and they are definitely the highlight of my day, Without a doubt.  Thanks to all the dog owners who raise their animals kindly!! 
I believe your dogs are mailman lovers 
This is the wholesome content I came here for 
Honestly with his job, that'd be the dopest part of my day. Dog petting and getting paid. Good man. 
Did he water the plant at the end?
You should ask him to take a picture with them some time soon. Make it a really good one if you can, and give it to him in a nice frame for Christmas. If you can't manage to get a pic of him, grab a good pic of the pups and give that to him, maybe with paw prints done on it. 
Okay there has to be a subreddit for mailmen doing shit on camera 
Captured dogs are cheating with mailman. I think you should call lawyer now.
Hopefully no one ever tries to break into ur house :p
Is so sweet how he just wait for them to come out!
I met a new dog in my neighborhood and it is an older rescue dog who appears emaciated but dignified.  (I also have a dog I rescued and she is very shy and calm. ) I was quite taken by his demeanor amid the chaos in his life and he was such a sweet calm dog.  His rescuers are a young couple who live in temporary housing for the yearly crop of residents at a local hospital.  I was so taken by this dog that I volunteered to pet sit if they ever needed.  The woman seemed happy I offered and volunteered that they had been checking Rover to find someone.  The next time I saw them I gave them my phone number and again extended the offer.

Well apparently that was weird as ever since then they appear to go out of their way to avoid me which is apparent as we live within a block of each other and both walk our dogs in the same neighborhood park.  Didn’t realize my enthusiasm would have been viewed so negatively.  
This is so wholesome... I can't even.  I am literaly ded. 
You know he is a pro because he let the dogs smell his hands first.
The mailman cares more for his mortal enemies than his federally appointed responsibilities  boys this mailman gets a pass now change my voice setting(up dogs)
Plot twist; he’s just earning their trust to come back and rob the place! 
So cute. Your dogs are cute too.
I love how he stood there for a moment and waited for them to come out. He could have dropped the package and turned right around and left but instead he gave himself a little doggy playtime, which is probably a wonderful therapeutic addition to his day.
As a mailman, a friendly dog makes my day so much better!

&#x200B;
Who isn’t really
Yes he is and obviously he has a favorite and the favorite has him!
Did he spit in to your garden at the end!?
There are no bad dogs.... just bad owners
You can tell this is a regular routine for him too.  He puts down the package and then just stands there with his hand on his hip... waiting for them to round the corner and attack!
Looks like your dogs are mailman lovers. 
I wonder if he has a dog at home who looks at him like, "who TF have you been letting?!"
This is how I would be as a mail person or delivery person. GIVE ME ALL THE DOGS! And CATS! 
I know mailmen, delivery drivers, and cops who all carry dog treats at work. 
I’m a mail carrier seasonally and the dogs you get to meet on your routes is definitely the best part of the job. Makes all stress go away to pet some good boyes 
White doggo gonna totally pee on that box. I guarantee it.
Our mail carrier delivers dog treats every day for our two dogs. Getting their "mail bones" is the highlight of their day. They LOVE her.
It's almost like the dogs are cheating on you!
r/mademesmile 
What's in the box, what's in the box!
OMG the white dog at 0:54
This is so dang beautiful 😍
I takes it your dogs are mailman lovers.
"I'm getting chocolate and denture cream!"
Booming online retail sales are good news for the US Postal Service, but its carriers are incurring a cost: more dog bites. 

Dog attacks on postal workers rose last year to 6,755, up 206 from the previous year and the highest in three decades, as internet shopping booms and consumers increasingly demand seven-day-a-week package delivery and groceries dropped at their doorstep. The high for attacks dated back to the 1980s, at more than 7,000, before maulings by pit bulls and other potentially aggressive dogs became a public issue. 

Los Angeles topped the 2016 list with 80 attacks on postal workers, followed by Houston with 62 and Cleveland with 60. 

The Postal Service released its annual figures Thursday as part of National Dog Bite Prevention Week, which begins Sunday. 

A longtime cliche of movies, dog biting of mail carriers — or at least dog chasing — is no laughing matter for the post office. Medical expenses and workers' compensation cost the Postal Service millions of dollars each year.
I like dogs too, but I really felt that forehead wipe after bending over for a minute
A that's precious seeing someone be intimate like that 
789
He’s learned survival skills for sure 
I bet he gets so excited when he reads the address to that house on an envelope, I know I would c:
Really sweet until he spit on the flowers, haaa.
This made my day ❤
Step 1: mail package to stranger’s house
Step 2: dress as mail man and deliver said package
Step 3: be friend stranger’s dogs
Step 4: Break into house steal ALL THE THINGS while petting dogs and escape.
Day after boom boom nightmare day. Definitely good dogs to be so happy the day after.
I take it your dogs are mailman lovers. 
Who isn't a dog lover?
Puggleeeee
Sure hope he is in your will as that doggies godfather.  He seems to have quite a connection with the tan one. 
Aww is it weird I wanna hug your mailman 
I also like the way he tossed the package and it landed well. Stated the swing low to minimize impact, kudos mail man.
Some body gives this man a medal... Or a puppy 
There's just something about people being kind when they think no one is watching. It gets me every time.
That’s sweet
When you catch someone doing something good without them knowing that anyone is watching you know you got yourself a good person right there.
I had a friend who was a postal worker who always carried milk bones with him. All the dogs on his route loved him. He showed up to the bar one Saturday night really sad. Turned out that one of the dogs on his route died. He was so happy for the family when they got a new puppy that he brought her a chew toy.
Well, that's just the highlight of my day.
My mail man has a dog he brings on his route.
Okay woah are your dogs siblings? My girlfriend's grandparents have two brothers that look just like that duo. You would never know they're the same dog breed
My dads mail lady does this too! My dad has a 100 lb pit /boxer mix. She is intimidating to look at but super puppy like.  She would make the worst guard dog. The delivery people just walk right in the yard and give the dog a cookie. 
Puggle alert! There are such good doggos! 
This is so pure.
Either that are he's getting the dogs used to his scent so he can sneak in your house undetected!

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

 Just kidding this is adorable. 
What a sweet mailman 
I really like your yard :) 
hes just warming up to them so they dont bark when he breaks into your house. 
So op and I have the exact same dogs...
The plot twist is they are that mailman's dogs.

He's definitely an older employee, probably close to retirement. Those employees tend to be a lot kinder to dogs and take a liking to them more, there were less rules before where you could carry dog treats, now that's not allowwd. But most of them still do. He's also not wearing his satchel, which you're required to even when making a package drop at a residential. Which also gives away him being a longer employed postal employee. 
They're more about their day and less about the work. Awesome people typically though!
I deliver car parts to auto shops and nothing makes me happier than when a shop has a dog or cat there. I will spend time to pet/play with the animal knowing it is slowing my day down because it makes me happy.
Unless he knows your wife and he's met them before?
My mailman is 'scared' my tiny ass old Chihuahua barks at her like what
Gr8 guy😼😼😸😸😸
This man is an angel. 
Local news, get this guy a GoFundMe for...something
Bad idea for a mail man:  get the scent of other dogs on you.
This is so pure and sweet lol 
Well that mailman looks casual.
This is the only acceptable reason for my mailguy to be late.
I wish there was audio, I bet he's doing ALL the baby talk. 
He needed that.
Man's best friend
We just gonna ignore the fact he threw that parcel
Dogs aside,  I can't get over the high quality resolution of this video. 
Former mailman (for 10 years) here. Can confirm that happy dogs were a big perk of the job. Badly trained and poorly treated dogs weren't fun at all though.
I’m not sure how I feel about you posting this video of your mailman (presumably) without his permission 
that package toss was super satisfying 
I take it your dogs are mailmen lovers.
Lovely
