That "burrito" command was next level dog training stuff.
I'll tell ya what's unreal! The quality of this video.
Moxie is very obedient, [even on her birthday.](https://i.imgur.com/6kuwasr.gifv)
Source: @moxiethetoller on Instagram  
Moxie is a Nova Scotia Duck tolling Retriever aka toller. A high energy hunting breed. The breed needs a lot of training, both physical and mental training.   
If the breed doesn't get enough of training - they can develop stress - which then again would be bad for both you and the dog. 
Her fucking accent is the cutest thing I’ve ever heard
Woooo, Oslo. I'm from Norway everyone!! Acknowledge us! 
I think he's not a friend with the [rottweiler](https://youtu.be/atKU21JwQrc) 
I’ve never seen cuteness in such high definition before!
Broccoli is soooooo good.
I lost it at burrito
The first time Reddit has notified me of something worth seeing. I never thought this day would come, but *deep breath* thank you Reddit mobile app notifications.
That dog is beautiful 🥺 
What kind of dog exactly is she ?? 
Burrito? i need to teach my dog that
i am the dog

so vegan me

i do the tricks

for broccoli

obediently 

for my girl -

i sit, give paw,

i drop, i twirl!

so many tricks, 

i've learned a bunch -

then Finally earn

the broccoli *crunch!*



[deleted]
Is this a Nova Scotia duck tolling retriever? 

Edit: read your comment confirming my suspicion. What a great breed! 

I thought your fingers were history. 
Her accent is SO FUCKING CUTE. 
My sister's black Chinese chow loves eating carrots. I feel like he's a psychopath.
One of my dogs, my Frenchie/Boston mix loves vegetables and will basically eat anything you give him because he trusts that i wouldn't poison him. My husky mix ***will. not. eat. vegetables.*** Hes so dramatic about it too. Ill give him a piece of zucchini from my Chinese food and the second it hits his tongue he literally *spits* it out in disgust. Some times if i make some soup or stew, ill give them a bowl of it in the am when its cold and Meko will pick the itty bits of meat out and that's if he even bothers. I have to wonder if he has the gene some ppl have where veggies legit taste horrible.
Damn that was a clear vid! Thank you for the high res! And your dog is adorable!
Doggo takes broccoli to backyard to plant his own crop so he doesn't have to put up with this shit.
NOVA SCOTIA DUCK TOLLING RETRIEVER!

my old girl just passed away this past summer, this video made me really happy :)

[here she is in better times](https://imgur.com/a/JYQt2YZ)
How can I upvote this more than once?
Great stuff. I can't even get my dog to sit.

Every command ends up lying on her back for a belly rub. Doesn't even want the treat.

She's all for the belly rub.
This is how my boss sees me, 


"here's some bullshit reward, go do everything!"

Me: "Yay I get to eat!!"
That frame rate is unreal
My corgi would beat my ass if I tried to offer him broccoli florets. I shudder to think.

Awesome pooch!


Dog farts already smell pretty gnarly. Can’t imagine broccoli dog farts lol
That is a really good quality video
Did I just see a dog dab 
That is high quality video 
Bra jobbat! Ursöt vovve och du är riktigt duktig på hundträning! Är det en Nova Scotia Duck Tolling Retriever?
My dogs farts are already atrocious, I couldn't imagine them including brocolli. 
took her treat and ran off with it!
Amazing! What a smart dog. 
I'm glad you've come and posted your own video! I was the one that warned you on your instagram that somebody else was posting things saying Moxie was theirs and taking credit for it! =)
Burrito 
I thought my dog was well trained, holy fuck!
Doggo need the brocco
This dog is just gorgeous!
My little guy loves carrots and kale. He hangs out under the cutting board waiting for his veggies. It’s super cute.
I gave my puppy broccoli once. She loved it. It was so cute when she was chewing on it and she had ball.

And then the broccoli farts started. Never again.
If I loved broccoli that much I would have a much nicer body right now
My dog would bite me if I told him to do that many tricks
The only thing worst than dog farts.... dog broccoli farts. 
I wish my dog was like this. If she sees a treat that she really loves she just mix up all commands she ever learned in hope to might do the right thing. This is absolute adorable. I love my little idiot
My min pin used to stare a hole into me and vibrate whenever he saw broccoli or carrots. He was a weird dog. I miss him :(
Trainable? Loves brocolli?

Found the opposite of my spirit animal.
This training reaches an entirely new level when you find out he did all that for broccoli 🥦 
Convncing the world he loves broccoli was his greatest trick.
BURRITO 
The burrito!!!!!!!
burrito has to be the cutest command I've ever seen 
This is a fluffy version of my pupperino. And I love him 
That was so cute i almost cried.
I was waiting for the next command to be "do my taxes" jeez.. All that for broccoli??
My pup loves broccoli, too. Funniest thing.
Gross lol: Broccoli + doggo = nuclear doggo farts 
What camera is this?? A phone??
This video was filmed in a higher quality than my own eyeballs 
that dog: very talented, knows french, likes vegetables 

me: kinda stupid, can tell people what’s in my pencil case in french, don’t touchy the green stuff
Replace the broccoli for money, and that’s me every day at work. 
Toller? 
I would have thought he would prefer collie flower!
dogs like vegetables?
The frame rate and quality are insane what the heck
Oh my godddd is this Moxie?! I follow her on instagram this is so adorable.... 😭
impressive.  that dog is smart af to learn and remember all of that.  
Thats very Well train good boi
This dog is probably healthier than I am
I had the sound off and thought pretty doggy memorized that entire routine. Was extra impressed.
Now fetch!

*throws broccoli at window shattering the glass while doggo dives out into snowpile completely unharmed*

Broccoli received. rAmen.
I would trade my 6 year old child for this dog.
With that accent you can get me to eat broccoli too.
Broccoli is the best !
I have a mutt that loves veggies as well. We limit what he gets and how much though because unfortunately he has a bit of a sensitive stomach. :/
him need the crumch
The cuteness was unreal 
My aunt used to have that kind of dog. We used to joke that she was my cousin since my aunt didn’t have any kids :’)
Possibly even more bizarre than our calico cat that ate Funyuns.
I wish I would be so excited about broccoli.
Broccoli dog farts are a rare treat
I bet that makes her farts stink sooooo bad!
Why is the video quality so good with this one? That alone stole my attention..
cute dog.
Priceless absolutely priceless 
What the fuck kind of dog is this, I need one 😍😍
How owners even BEGIN to try and teach their dogs these tricks is fucking behind me. Bravo. 
Those movements are from The OA. 
That dog is more trained than me😂😂
What kind of pup is she? Mine looks like a mini her

What type of camera did you use for this? I feel like I’m in your house. It’s crystal clear triple HD!
What would he do for a Klondike bar?
My cat used to love corn on the cob. He’d eat it off with his little teefies. 
my cat watched this video with an insane amount of intensity lol 
All that for broccoli? You're cruel
I can't fathom how bad broccoli dog farts must be.
Wow. Smart dog, diligent training.
I’m more surprised by the quality of the video. 
Broccoli, Brussels sprouts, and asparagus are the best veggies don't @ me.
The quality of this video is unreal!
It's been a really rough past 3 weeks. I needed this. Thank you.
i mean, you train your dog to burrito but not to refain from snapping your fingers off when he takes food? priorities, i guess. the burriro was amazing.
This dog is training for the hecking military. He will be the best military doggo of all time
[removed]
Finally a notification that's worth me opening my phone and procrastinating over!
Dog trained better than some humans, gj.
"The things I must do for a freakkin' broccolo"
Give him the darn broccoli! He really wants it!
Brogleboi
This amazing
Dog eats healthier than I do. 
Omg that burrito command! Think i need to call poison control now for cuteness overdose
That is one super smart doggo there.
AHH what a beauty!
oh my glob, so cute ;q;
That's fantastic.

I'd be reluctant to feed a dog broccoli; any cruciferous vegetables gave our old dog horrendous wind....
Haha when my boy is about to get a treat he *Loves* before I can even give commands he'll sit, lay down or shake my hand lol it's so precious 
Haha the "shame" one was great. 
Is the dog doing this ironically?
When he put his paw over his snout, I was like, “Give him the broccoli! What more does he need to do??”
I needed that smile today. Thank you :)
I swear the nose cover was almost a dab
THE FLAT FLOOFER! I have found you here as well! Today has been a good day!
My dog is called Broccoli, so your dog would probably like him 😆
Loving broccoli was also just a trick. Nothing is real.
Eyyyy another norwegian!
Nah, their love for you is what’s unreal, the broccoli is just a bonus :)
Ah! Where does she go with her treats? She seems to run off in the one and the cucumber one!
Aww please let me have him.maybe he can teach my baby's to do the same
I just fell in love with that Dogo.
That dog is gonna fart nerve gas all night.
My border collie is obsessed with cucumbers. 
This was the perfect CHOMP ending
Oh my goodness so many tricks with this cutie
Good doggo and good owner
I too, like to smell my own farts
shame? Dab*
Did the dog just dabbed?
Omg I love this breed so much!! You’re so lucky, it’s so hard to find breeders here 
What are you recording with? The quality looks amazing 😯
No proof the dog ate that broccoli.
He can have all my broccoli 
What's unreal is the quality of this clip...

How is this perfectly clear and crisp but every video of someone hurting themselves always looks like it was filmed with a potato..
What an adorable little weirdo.
I won’t even spend the effort to reach to the table for a piece of broccoli, dogs ducking love food.
he dab
Well fuck if a woman talked to me with that accent I'd probably do anything she wanted too
Aaaaaw we got a roller to. Amazing dogs :)
Nova Scotian duck toller. Beautiful dogs!
Tollers are one of my favorite breeds!
Someone put the “hit or miss” music on this from Tik Tok
The love hate relationship between dogs and broccoli baffles me
I wished I liked broccoli that much!

What a cute doggie you have there <3
He/She is so beautiful! 
I am amazed Moxie does the shame almost instantly she utters the word. 
Maybe Swedish dogs don't fart but I sure wouldn't feed my dog broccoli. 
I'm watching this while listening to Twenty One Pilots - Fairly Local and the doggy's moves where in perfect sync with the music. Made my day!
He likes his greens like Popeye
So talented!!!
Gimme the B R O C C
That dog is smarter - and healthier - than me
Trent hunden godt! :D
OMG!  My dog loves broccoli (eats it all the time) but for training, only cheese will do!  What a brilliant dog (and trainer)!!
What breed is the pupper?
My dog goes this nuts for raw Collards, though he's not nearly as well-trained. 
Ain't -  no -  tellin' what I'm finna be on
Healthy boi
*CROMPCH* 
My papillon LOVES broccoli! She prefers it cooked though
God my dog is an asshole. 
This is the most graphically clean video I have ever seen on the Internet; how does this run so smoothly?

It’s because they a good boi
Oh my goodness that pup is adorable! What breed?
I wish I could get my dog to do that 
I need the name of that stool in the background!
Why do dogs take their food/treats and run off with it? My dog did that too..
If my dog sees broccoli, she sniffs it, takes a bite, then spits it back out. 
What amazes me about this isn’t the dog but the discipline it takes to train the dog.
Is she a movie dog? She's so obedient they could definitely use her. 
Oh my gosh, how do I teach my pup that burrito trick?
God... my dog sucks.
Your dog is amazing.
The Swedish accent is way too cute haha
Yes.

This is good.
You never think about the fact that dogs could recognize different languages until you see one doing so. 
Same tho
The tricks are neat but how did you get the dog to like broccoli? 
I don't comment often, but this deserves a comment: He's such a good doggo! 
Healthy boi
Dude turned himself into a burrito... for some broccoli. What?
This is Private Bark reporting for duty
IRL Nintendogs
My dog hates broccoli bit loves burritos 
Should probably train the dog not to maul the treat when giving it him / her.  My hand hurts just watching it.
One of my clients at doggie daycare is a duck tolling retriever named Cooper. He is by far the smartest dog I’ve met in 12 years of doing this. He is always watching. He is always listening. I swear he is following our conversations. His parents said they had a bunch of words they could not say (vet, car, walk, park, eat, store and several more I can’t remember.) They couldn’t say them and after a while they noticed when they spelled them he knew what they meant too. He is insane smart and super cautious of people he doesn’t know but once he knows and loves you then you are worthy. 
That is the cutest dog ever
And here I am like "well, my dogs shit on the carpet when it's not perfect weather outside."
And here I am with my dog. I asked her to give me her paw, she rolls. 
This video is more clear than my actual vision 
My dog used to like broccoli! Only the stems, though. He went nuts over them 
Adorable 
Wish I could train a dog like that. Fantastic stuff.
she love the b r o c c
lovely trained dog, you know how to teach the next level skills ^^ do you think that's difficult to teach stuff to different dogs or is more or less the same? 
I like how it gets carried to a secret place
That’s so beautiful!!! I love it when owners feed their dogs real food
This is amazing!
He was vegan in a past life.
This dog is healthier than me 
All that for a peace of broccoli? r/WhatsWrongWithYourDog
I like her furniture
VERY GOOD DOG. 
Is that a Swedish accent? Sounds similar to my cousins
H E A L T H Y B O Y E
Mine does that for kale. weird.
This camera is really smooth
The 60fps is real
I love rollers <3 I mean.. Tollers
Love it lmfao 
That dog is better than me, wtf? 
I would feed that pup broccoli all the time!
My mum doesn't even love broccoli that much.
That video quality is better than real life 
Woman speaks to Elvish dog in forgotten Elvish Dog tongue.
 How do you train dogs to do that?
Lollll!!! 

He’s such a good doggie!!! 

Smart doggie too! 
I wish more people would do this. My dogs live almost every vegetable short of zucchini and cucumber. 

Carrots are one of my pups favorites!
Åh!!
Burrito lololol
I'm a big fan of Moxie, but I have one question: She looks a bit on the small side, even for a female Toller. How much does she weigh?
Lol. I once had a dog that would do anything for broccoli- thanks for sharing your wonderful dog and wonderful training 
That is a beautiful, intelligent dog. 
I teared up a little
Jag älskar din hund.
omg that burrito!
Whenever I order Chinese food it comes with steamed broccoli and my dog loves it.
How could anyone downvote this
Daw! She's adorable. ❤
My dog also loves broccoli... However, she's too lazy to do tricks
What a GOOD pupper!!
shame aka dab on the haters
I’m so happy I’m not the only one!
good boi you are
Can I leave my 3 y/o old kid with you for a couple weeks?
My dog used to LOVE veggies that had a crunch, especially celery and lettuce stalks. I wonder if this is a similar situation.
Is this a specific breed?  Our first dog looked very much like This one but we were told she was an indeterminate mutt. 
That’s wonderful. Also, I bet that dogs farts are unreal. 
This is wonderful :)

&#x200B;

Thanks for sharing
That dog hit one hell of a dab.
He's such a good boi!
Okay this was a fkn absolute post. Never saw a vegan dog before 
My cat poops in a box tho
My dog's both love frozen broccoli. I use it as treats. They won't touch it fresh though.
It’s still cool seeing her all excited about broccoli. 
My basenji is a broccoli fiend.
Unbelievable!!!
My dog dug up the broccoli that i waa about to harvest and ate it all. 
What a good dog!!
Why does it like me so much?
How many fingers did you lose? lol
This is one of the cutest doggos on the internet
Dog.exe stopped working.
My pit bull LOVED sautéed asparagus.
I dont' know what language that is but damn that's so pleasant to my ears.

The "burrito" sounded like my cat's cute purr noise 💘
Anyone else think the paw taps on the floor are extremely satisfying to listen to? 
Soo many tricks!
This made me exclaim "Oh my God!" out loud and I'm glad it happened. I should get a dog...
CRONCH
I dunnow why, my poodle loved broccoli!
Loved the burrito trick 
Aww cute toller
r/HighQualityGifs
Broccoli doggo = best doggo.
This is so cute I'm going to implode.
Shame and burrito are the best!
I know this sounds insane but I know a girl who looks just like this dog 
Awww, I need haha
I also love broccoli above all other veggies. 
i’m more amazed by the quality of this video...
Yikes, I wont even do that for broccoli!
Trodde du var norsk, pga mangelen av svensk tonefall, men det var en nydelig video! Utrolig flink hund. 
My dog loves raw kale, turnip greens, etc. Its all about they grow up with.
my puppers LOVE Broccoli too...it doesn't love then back, though, so it gets" gassy" around here when they eat it
Eat broccoli was probably the hardest trick to teach this dog. ^/s
How do you even train a dog to do this stuff, I plan on getting a husky or other big dog breed and plan on training it cause I love dogs and there is a massive bit of land near where I live that I can take the dog to.
Is this a Nova Scotia Duck Toller? 
Why is this video so fucking smooth??
So Cute!
Definitely not me
I’m more impressed by the camera to be honest. 
This is so cute!! My grandmas dog won’t even touch greens lmao 
This is unbelievable!
Everything about this video makes me happy. Thank you for posting :)
My dog just spits broccoli out but she loves carrots
Is this in 60 FPS or something? The recording is super smooth.
OMG! This is soooo cute!!!
You would think more dogs would love broccoli with how bad it reeks.
Damn! My ole girl will sit for a carrot this is next level haha
What phone are these great quality videos filmed on?
Made my day seeing a Duck tolling retriever she looks almost exactly like my Autumn I couldn't stop squealing!!!
My beagle is a crackhead for broccoli
I think it’s the love of broccoli and fingers
you have nice house OP
I love my husband, but right now I think I love this dog more. 
Man I would’ve thought his owner was offering a female dog in heat based on that performance.  
Beautiful dog aside, I'm impressed with the video quality. Is that a phone you're using to shoot with?
My Toller loves greens. She can’t do tricks for shit though :)
Good dog!
I'm so happy to know my Toller isn't the only one who loves broccoli!!
I used to have a lasa apso who would bark repeatedly whenever my sister washed broccoli. She absolutely loved it. And more than a few times we caught the dog stealing it from the rabbits.
This dog is a Nova Scotia Duck Tolling Retriever - for anybody who is interested! =\^-\^=
I gave my great dane a bowl of broccoli one night. THAT was a fucking mistake.
Buhreetoh
He love the broc
"burrito
This is bad ass
"rrroll left"
OMG I wanna marry your accent
Good boy
I can’t even get my dog to not piss places....
My dogs are obviously defective. 
That dog looks like Sakurai
meanwhile my dog scares herself with her own farts. 
I want this dog.
C R O N C H 
That FPR is unreal!
When I tried teaching my dog multiple tricks in series like that she eventually, uh... "outsmarted" me, and would just jump to the end of the sequence, or go through them all very quickly as soon as I gave the first command... now it would be really impressive to see these tricks run in a different order!
Hva faen
Holy h*ck he is a good pupper i bet
The cuteness of that puppo is unreal!
Damn.. I wish my puppy gets to know all these...very impressive 
Is she a Nova Scotia?
My mother had a dog who LOVED green peppers.

Oh. My. Goodness. Too stinking cute!
Was eating broccoli, dog comes up. Let him sniff broccoli and he tries to eat it. I let him, but he spits it out in disgust. Sad feeling from my lost piece of broccoli. 
GOOD BOY
I want that dog
How? my dog would shun me for even offering brocolli
r/BeAmazed
Er du norsk?
Holy moly I didn't know dogs could speak french
cats can’t have broccoli. 
Can I have your dog please :)
That’s a healthy happy pupper 
In the middle of the party dog get off me
This dog loves broccoli??? I can't hardly get mine to eat regular dog food!
H E A L T H Y B O I 
Burrito command OMG that is great.
Hhahahaha
My dog goes mad for carrots.
At first, I thought I heard "blyat" instead of "blanket"
that was really grejt
Enjoy your smelly dog farts.

Still cute lol
Doggies LOVE broccoli and stems.
My dog will do a maximum of 2 tricks per treat all u will get after that will be angry wooofing.
I know who I’m giving my leftover to
Umm...can you come train my Norwegian Elkhound? She's next level crazy sometimes lol.
How do you train your dog to ‘burrito’?! Need that in my life!
Was the second one supposed to be a dog dab? If so I retract all my previously held faith in humanity
Wow that framerate!!! 
Tollers are killing it on Reddit this week!
That’s an alien
The video quality UNREAL! 
MOXIEEEEEEEEEE
This dog is awesome but I’m more hunting for what this video is shot on because the quality is incredible 😍
My parents have a duck toller. She's also super smart and likes to eat everything. Any food can be a training reward.
The love for 60fps is real 
When I prepare broccoli, I pour out the hot water with broccoli bits into my dog's food bowl and let it cool. Broccoli soup for dogs! Never had a dog who didn't love it.
But it's broccoli 
The farts my dogs let out when given broccoli as a treat was enough to make me stop using it, lol. 
Me irl
60fps looks so weird to me. It looks too fluid, kinda surreal. It’s like a dream.
clever pup!
This dog in on another level, I bet you it's smarter then human babies of the same age.
How old is this dog? Like 9 months?
This subreddit never fails to make me smile 
So many wonderful trick ideas. Me and my dog thank you ❤️ 
Then promptly runs over to eat it on the carpet. Wonder why dogs do that mine does too.
Is that a duck tolling retriever?
Wait, can dogs have broccoli?
I just died on the inside....
Moxie the Toller! She's on Instagram. And she's fantastic. 
Video quality is nice
This video quality is amazing 
I would do all these tricks + more to not eat broccoli.
I needed that today... Thank you :) 
You eat broccoli?!

- Tiny Tina
OMG s/he’s cute 😍
Can you imagine the horror that is broccoli dog farts?
Now If only my children were half as enthusiastic as this beauty about vegetables. :)💕
Who put these tears in my eyes??
Every dog I've had does maybe a couple tricks before they become frustrated that they haven't gotten a treat yet. 
She took it out and buried it. 

Good dog.
"Only 12 commands... That's the best bargain in uhhh, how do I tell time again? Ooh more tiny trees"
Amazing ! 
Vile weed!
What a smart dog.
I thought this was from r/trees when I saw the title
That dog had to work for his broccoli 
My cat likes Brussels sprouts
She’s going to bury it.
You’re living room looks like you bought the complete set at ikea 
I think I just got dabbed on by a dog 
Amazing!!!  Ahhhh
How could you not upvote this guy ? Here’s my 100 upvotes pal.Enjoy that broccoli
But.....broccoli dog farts?
My brothers dog would do every trick he knew in order not by command for ice cubes! So ridiculous! 😂
Everything about this is adorable. 
Aren't dogs naturally carnivorous? 
Monch the brocc
Mmm cool dog
I can smell those dog farts from here 
Am I the only one who is blown away by the quality of this video FB and IG are lacking
The dab was great!!! Lololol
Can't relate
Wow!  That’s Nova Scotia Duck Tolling Retriever!!!!
Man... it's amazing how many languages dogs can learn. Wow. 
goodest boye of all time
That is a beautifully well-trained dog. 10/10 good dog, 10/10 good owners
Farts intensify.
My dog liked carrots.  
Ah Crazy. 😂✌✌
That is some hq
My duck toller also loved veggies. He especially loved asparagus and broccoli stalks. 
im so great to saw that amazing..
My sister's dog is the same way about zucchini. He won't even bat an eyelash most of the time when I have meat but if I say zucchini, he loses his fucking mind. He will dance, bark, do whatever he thinks is cute enough to get him a chunk of zucchini. 
60fps doggy is the best doggy
I'll never complain about broccoli again 
Was that trick called burrito? And did she turn into a burrito? 
Aww burrito so cute 
This good dog will always eat their veggies!! What a great dog!
What kind of doggie is this?
Good dog~
I'm not sure I like anything as much as this doggo loves the Broc.
But what kind of camera is being used?!
Man I want that dog! 
Broccolli lover. He's so cute.
wut
meanwhile when my dog half sits I'm so happy I give him half a steak.
Me IRL. HAIL BROCCOLI!
The world is a rich tapestry. 
This pupper is cute and the way the orders are being called is cute too
Would everybody please get a good phone like this?
How do you get a dog to learn burrito??
Please tell me how to train my kids to, say, clean their room on command and then eat broccoli.
This dogs so adorable. Breed? 
I’m not going to lie, I thought the dog was going to fold the blanket.  
Breeeto!
That dog REALLY loves his broccoli
That cute dab tho
I wish my kid was this excited for broccoli
What a furry ray of sunshine 
So incredible and cute!!!
Damn. That dog almost looks real
My dog is similarly enthusiastic about sweet potatoes 
I love the accent and now want a dog.
Happy doge 
Healthy
BROCCOLI BOYE
This is the textbook example of a something that keeps on giving.
Can someone please set this to “Broccoli” by Dram and Yachty
Moxie is now my favorite! 
This seems like a fantastic breed, how much exercise and training does Moxie usually need?
Næmmen dette var søtt!
i love you mister broccoli!
Fantastisk hund :) 
Duck rollers are awesome!
Wowww such a good babyyy
Patch error
That fps is isane!!
I’ve never seen a dog in that many frames per second before. 
What a smart dog!
How pure! That dog is too precious!!!
This is one of the most impressive things I’ve seen a dog do. 10/10
ADORABLE😍😍😍😍
awwww such a cutie pie!!!
What a cutie! More please!
But the broccoli farts...so very real
I bet that dog farts like mad!
Wish my doggo could do some of those tricks
wtf..my dog will run away from vegetables.
He must be a really smart dog to do tricks and understand the nutritious value of broccoli. 
My dog HATES broccoli 
Love tollers. Getting one in the spring :)
This boy is sooooooo smart omg
I'd do anything to go to Norway.
What a clever doggo! 🐶🥦
Awesome! I've got a 4 year old border collie named Rowdy whom is my official chicken minder/accidental paw to the head to hold em chicken killer. The past 2 years I noticed in my garden ,broccoli gone and tomatoes gone with just the stems and hull left. I was planning on catching some wabbits when here comes Rowdy stealing tomatoes out of my 5 gallon bucket with broccoli hanging off his chin. Mystery over. No wabbits, sorta live chickens and one happy Rowdy.
Raw broccoli farts are the worst.  I can't imagine raw broccoli *dog* farts.
That dog deserves all the broccoli he can eat
My dog hates broccoli
Had a ginger cat once that was obsessed with broccoli. 
Yessss! My whippet was all about broccoli 🥦 unlike Champ in Homeward Bound
i wish i love brocolli the way this dog does 
This dog is smarter than millions of humans. 
Cute pet, my Maltese loves broccoli and cauliflower.  
Burrito???? I'm writing that down for our next dog. 
Hey, I can do all of that too if you threaten me with broccoli! 
I feel like the dog knows something about broccoli we humans have yet to figure out. Tell me more. 😃
Is this a Nova Scotia Duck Tolling Retriever?!
pure
This reminds me of Homeward Bound! Except M.J.F.' character wasn't too fond of the stuff.
This is beyond science
Oh, My moms dog goes absolutely crazy for peas and red bell pepper (you know, the non spicy one)
Borkoli*
That’s a really good girl 😍
bukke rulle! That accent was amazing!
Welp, this dog propably eats more vegetables than I do
I should try this with my kids
Damn how do you even train the rolling blanket shit?
What an adorable baby!
Can you train my kids to eat broccoli
You should post this at u/whatswrongwithyourdog.
Broccoli dog farts must be unreal!
This doggo can have my broccoli any time
HEALTHY BOYE
He protecc 

He atacc

Must importantly 

He loves the brocc
took the brocolli to hide it under the couch asap, with the rest of his uneaten brocolli stash 
Cute. I once read that you should only give dogs broccoli stems.. apparently the heads can cause so much gas and bloat it can flip the stomach, which can be deadly. Just FYI
Broccoli is really good for dogs.

My grandmother fed her dog a mash made of broccoli, brown rice, and chicken hearts and the thing lived to be 20.


That dog is scary perfect...almost sociopathic 
Dang it I wanted to see him actually eat the broccoli.
> Trending
> 0 upvotes

Still super cute though :) Upvoted!
That's no dog, dogs usually refuse to even look at the broccoli or spit it out when the bite it, hmm probably a cat or something
Mine needs hers steamed.
Are dogs allowed in Ikea now?
Goodness!  What's a dog gotta do for a crappy piece of broccoli!  
that's one humble ass brag
I mean I like broccoli too, but I'm not putting on a performance for it... Chocolate, however...
WTH, I've never seen a dog like vegetables... Fake News!!!
I want a girl that will ~~look at me~~ do those things like that dog does ~~at you~~ for broccoli. 
that gog probably just covets anything given by its owner lol
[deleted]
My pug loved broccoli also and expertly trained me with her mesmerizing cuteness.
What kind of pupper is that? 
Ahhhh Moxie!!!! I’ve missed you!!! You need to post more on Dogspotting Society!!!
Spaniel?
Do dogs generally like broccoli or is this kind of specific to the dog in the video?
This pug loves broccoli even more https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BuNRzo9REH8
 u/reddit_bot
How did you get the doge to like healthy foods? Can this work on cats or nah? 
That is one hungry dog.
I haven't seen this asked yet... What's the language? The only command I could recognize there was for "sit"!

Without cheese sauce even! This is magical!!!
Demoleish brocli
Capitalism.mov
 No. No cheese whiz, no hollandaise, no chocolate sauce, just eat it. Come on. Here comes the airplane, there you go. Open, open, into the hanger, there you go.
Give him the fuckin broccoli!
This is so heckin’ cute!!!
/r/givehimthebroccolialready/
So it juggles while riding a unicycle for a burger.
She? deserved more broccoli for all those tricks. 
What camera are you using? It’s so clear and high def!
I bet those eventual dog farts are going to be unreal too.
Does it give him gas? 

I can only imagine how bad broccoli dog farts must smell.
What breed is this? 
Adorable!  I do have one question though.  Do dogs get broccoli farts?
The passion for broccoli is another trick. The real reward should be something like a steak.
Is she a Nova Scotia Duck Toller?
Is that dog from Colorado,because it's a big fan of the tree 
Alright where's the comment saying that broccoli gives dogs autism that usually pops up in these threads
Aww cmon just give him the dang broccoli !
Duck toller? 
Weird flex but okay
Made my day, what a bond you two have this is one I will not forget. 
Weird flex, but ok
Do dogs ever do tricks that they just actually enjoy? Or do they only do them when they want something?
r/fpsporn
What kind of dog is it, it looks just like mine
The dog is welcome to my broccoli.
My cat used to hang out in the kitchen whenever I was cooking in the hopes of catching something delicious that I dropped.  Once I dropped a piece of broccoli, she ran up to it, either sniffed it or bit it I can't remember, then proceeded to meow at me while walking out of the kitchen.
Weird flex but ok
Oh my god she's beautiful, does anyone know what kind of dog she is?
Show me your training tips...
r/gifsthatendtoosoon

Doggo wanted to just get it out of the house and buried it out back after the gif was cut short.
What kind of dog is that 
What kind of dog is this 
What kind of dog is this?
Ummm I didn’t see any comments about flatulence?

I bet this dog seriously rips some sick ones.
Probably an iron deficiency, and eating broccoli is preferable to eating dog shit. Or, it’s just an odd pooch.
My kids do that shit to AVOID broccoli.
/u/stabbot
Not too much. Poor pup will have awful gas. We learned the hard way (as in our dog was in pain from it)
Border Collie mix?
u/vreddit_bot
This dog would be perfect in Korea!
Anybody know the breed? Absolutely gorgeous
I hope this wasn't done in the UK! Don't wanna end up in jail.
Too many tricks for 1 broccoli...
What kind of dog is this?
What breed of dog is that?
What breed is it?
I think he just get the broccoli to make his owner happy he just keep it under the coach.
/u/vreddit_bot
That dog must have some serious smelling farts
What kind of dog is that ?
Yep. But the type of dog? Haha
That was freking adorable 
Bwanzai twee
Wtf did I just see a dog dab?
My cat loves carrots.
Where can I buy this nova scotia duck tolling retriever? I’ve never heard of this breed before
What breed is he/she?! I need to know! :D
One year later a cache of broccoli is found under the couch
No dogs are meteors
Your dog is beautiful at any rate
Good 
Is this the same dog in the Vistaprint commercial? Very similar! Beautiful smart pup!
pulling out all the stops 
Is this in English or a different language. If  English, the accent is beautiful 
DUCK TOLLER LOVE!!!!!!!!
Where is this beautiful cutie? I would travel anywhere in the world... just to see those gleaming eyes 
I would do this too tho. 😂😂😂
/u/vreddit_bot
Ah yeah
This is like 1000 fps
Inspiring 
What breed? So cute!
Way too much work for some broccoli. 
I love her!!! What breed!?! Anyone?!?
