New kitty on ride home?
He fell in love with you. That’s what it looks like ❤️
That cat looks soooooo happy. 
What a cute grin. 
<3 black cats

/r/blackcats
He's in love :) Black kitties are the best. 
I am so jealous of all of you whose newly adopted pets give you so much love.  We rescued two brothers over a year ago and the only time they let us touch them is when they are sleeping.  
Look at the love on that face. Congrats on your new whiskered master!
Omg look at him holding onto your arm 😍 
/r/Catsmirin 
I love him
....then in my dream i'm in a car,

wondering where the heck we are...

on a cozy lap i sit,

trying to make sense of it,

with the engine sound i purrr

as someone gently strokes my fur....

then i awake, and i see you - 

*its Real!*  - you've made my dreams come True!


Finally someones petting the cat
And my cat pukes every time he rides a car :/
Put cats in carriers. Especially if you don't know the cats behavior patterns.
Awww this brought tears to my eyes. A few years ago I lost my kitty that I've had since I was 9 (she was 21 years old! Long life, I like to think a good one). She was the same kind of black as your kitty - kind of a chocolate black with black stripes. She always looked a bit more brown in the summer, especially stretching out in the sun, like a dark chocolate bar that was happy to be melting. Had that pleased cat smile that just made everything better.

BRB CRYING. I wish you many happy years together! 
He's looking at you like he found his new Mama.
Congrats! Black cats are the best. They love to be loved, and from my experience are the most human toddler like. 
That face! This Kitty deserves only the bestest cuddles and smoochies and treats! The bestest!
That little smile <3
He looks soooo happy
I had to do a 4 or 5 take to make sure that wasnt me. My wife & I recently adopted a black bladed mitten sack & they look similar.

https://imgur.com/a/TJgzsZu

Hes a bit of a goof.
/r/catsmirin
He found his forever slave 
You're best friends forever now.

Edit: yours and you'res
That is the look of love.
You got the bestest kitty🐱👍🏻❣️😊
Those eyes ^^
I adopted a black cat several years ago because she walked right up to my wife and I and kept head butting us.

As soon as we got home she was stand offish for weeks. Was a few months before she started sleeping on the corner of the bed/sitting in the same room as us. 

Took her to the shelter for a checkup a few weeks later and onenof the workers was so excited to see she’d been adopted. When I asked why they told me that several people had adopted her and then brought her back for not being “playful enough”. What fucking jerks! She’s a velvety princess of darkness!
I luvs u, U luvs me...ok?
Are you normally a cat person? If not, just be aware that cats purr out of stress and fear too. It can be a desperation move of "I'm completely helpless here please don't hurt me". Don't be offended if he gets less friendly as he starts to feel more safe and secure at your place. It will take months for his normal personality to shine through, and you won't really know if you have a cuddly lap cat for real until then :)
r/catsmirin

Edit: of course it's real
Black cats are special.  Very protective but love to be loved on.  Good job OP.  
is [this ](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/9ye6oc/this_is_severus_adopted_7_hours_ago_already/?st=JOOIYI3G&sh=b97ccb39) the same cat?
I've been unsure whether or not to adopt a cat for some time now, but all of these cute kitty posts are pushing me closer and closer to adopting <3
Looks like a very healthy and happy cat! ❤️
My black cat wraps around my arm like this too. Then digs his teeth and nails in and tries to remove the arm... It's wicked!
Aw, look, Kitty is smiling. Black cats are the cutest.
r/BlackCats
Welcome to the black cat owners club
Thank you for giving this happy guy a great home, you're a tremendous human.
Got me to go "Aww" nice job you two! 
WOOOW, A CAT
He looks so happy! <3
I need a new kitty, from the animal rescue
"Give me food human" cats are deceptive but cute. I love them
Brave one you are. Loose kitty in a car? Very dangerous 
That's one happy cat :)
HI PURR MACHINE!
You Are The One.
Aww, good for you for adopting a black kitty!

I've had my cat for a couple years now and it makes me smile sometimes thinking of how happy I make him. It must suck being in a shelter and having people come and go constantly, never feeling like you have "a person". 

Getting adopted and being able to hang out with your best-bud every single day must be heaven for them :)
adorable 
he's getting ready to destroy your house. Ask Frankie Muniz if you don't believe me.
Salem!
bombays are very loving. i find mine likes plastic toys like gatorade scoops and liter bottle caps.
You are his forever. That's a face of adoration right there
Aren’t you the same guy that posted the cat sleeping on you after 7 hours of bringing it home? Lol
That's a bond for their entire life in those eyes. I hope you're ready for it <3
He's very handsome! What's his name?
Aww, you just made me remember when my little baby was still a kitty!
Altough she was a little asshole on the day of her rescue😂 Still would rescue her again anytimes❤

Have a beautiful and long life together! All the best!
Looks like a kitty I had that ran away.  (I'm in southeast Michigan).  I like to think he's been picked up and adopted by now.
I love his little black nose! So cute 
“Thank you so much for giving me a home! You won’t regret it!”
Want pet
He looks happy! 
And I don't know if anyone else spotted it, but he has a bit of striping in his fur! Very cute!
Oh my goodness what a precious baby!! I can’t get over that look of affection in their eyes 😻
He owns you now.
Lucky. My two cats shit themselves in the carrier. 
Happy boy 
I also have a short hair black car. He’s amazing. Thank you for adopting that little guy. He looks like a gem. 
Do not think for any reason that this is just a cute pose. This is actually how  your submission begins! Trust me i have two cats. I regret nothing but i can't say no to them.
CATACLYSM 
It all started with that smile



That damned smile 
Awww I have heard and, witnessed through my cat socializing experience at the animal shelter that black cats are the most affectionate kitties!!! 
I fucking love kitties.
What a sweety!!
I take it this is Severus?
Black cats will change your life. Such a happy pic.
You're really brave to hold a new cat in the car. I'd be worried about his anxiety pee and poops.
That’s the sweetest thing. Is the shelter on social media? If so, you should send them this pic so they can post it. I guarantee their adoption rate will go up. 
/r/blackcats
find you someone that looks at you like this cat looks at OP
You have been chosen!
Oh Sam I miss you. Every black cat I see is you. I do hope someone found you and took you in and you love em.
Do you mind me asking if he has a tail? Because my kitten looks exactly like yours and he has no tail.Odds are they aren’t related, but your kitten looks so much like mine that i had to comment.
He looks so happy!!!!!!
How old? He looks exactly like the kitten we just adopted on Thursday!! 😯

https://imgur.com/a/TOZCz7Y
Black cats are the best!! They're crazy but also the sweetest, congrats on the new family member!!
That's one fuckin nice kitty right there!
Does 100% look like my cat. 
/r/kittiesmirin
That cat looks happy as fuck and clearly loves his new human already. Congrats! But not all people know this: Cats can purr if they are distressed, sick or in pain too, they do it to calm and "heal" themselves, 
/r/catsmirin
That's what love looks like
You are my human, for life. I have 9 of them.
Your kitty appears to be a “black smoke” hence the dark tabby like stripes on its forepaws. Also indicative of light/white roots and dark ends. This coloring is very rare. 

Congrats on your new baby!
I read some BS article saying that the reason we love cats is because we cannot tell how they're feeling from their facial expressions, so we end up projecting what we think/want them to feel.


Now show this picture to that author.
The cutest little man!!
I just got 4 feral kittens and momma kitten. they're all black. 

Now to get mom fixed and find the kittens homes where they can be fixed by their new owners. I think my brothers may actually take them. We'll see. 

But love black cats, these little guys are super adorable. 
What’s his name? (I have boys: Rodney, Rubeus, and Kevin. They could easily have been Nori, Uni, and Dashi... or Muffins, Bagels, and Waffles. Of course.)
Its a self-soothing mechanism
Kitties, just beautiful creatures. Can be giving you the sweet look.... probably still plotting how to kill you though
You can even see he's in the middle of making a biscuit with his left paw! Happy kitty!
Is this in the uk because I know a cat that's really similar
Is he part Siamese?
His looks really like one. For example his face and legs are really Siamese like

Omg look at his little face. 
My heart just melted 😭
So cute
Such a sweet baby!
You can see his stripes! What a beautiful little cat.
That smile!!!!!❤️❤️ black cats are the best
aw! Happy kitty!

&#x200B;
Look at that grin !! :)
Pet me moar fren hooman
"I loooooove you, hooman!  You are mine forever and ever and ever!"

&#x200B;

EDIT: added more "ever"
I wish someone looked at me the way that cat is looking at you!
That is the smile of one beautiful happy boy
I wish my a-hole cat looked at me the way this guy looks at you. That's a lot of love in those eyes. Very happy for you! I hope you both enjoy each other's company for many years! :)
/r/catsmiles
“Human you are my favorite”
Wow so lovely hug her tight 
That lil guy looks completely relaxed and totally at home ❤️
Oh my goodness. As a black cat owner, this makes me so happy. 
The love on that face. Pretty kitty! I’ve never had a black cat that wasn’t a sweetheart.
What an adorable admiring look in his eyes!
Aww. I love a black cat. They’re my favorite. 
What a precious cat, great memories ahead.
Thats cool, my cats just throw up and poop in the car to show their love.
He looks just like my cat shadow. Apart from the eyes (of which Shadow's are blue.) He looks like a clone. Please never let him go. He is precious like my little Shadow's mate, named precious (also a black cat) and their kitten: Gizmo. I hope you give your cat lots of love and hugs and kisses. Do us all a favor, love him much. He's only going to live for a fraction of your life, but you will be his friend for most of his life.
Smiling and purring! Congrats to both of you!
That's one happy kitty. 
his eyes and face says, he is very happy to get you.
Aww he is so happy.  
Grats on the new bub!! ❤
Total sweetness 🤗
congrats on being chosen by an adorable cat, they often very appreciative and willing express that.
My kitty is all black with a white bikini patch on her belly she is the best.
Awww I love my kitty and wanna go home now and pet her...
Probably a nervous purr.  My cat purrs the while time at the vet and in the car.
You appear to have stolen my kitty.
Awww such a sweet boy
Black cat is best cat.
That is one happy kitty. Congrats, OP and kitty! Also, black cats are awesome.
That's how our baby looked at us on the car ride home from her adoption too.  A year and a half later and she is the biggest lovebug I have ever met!  You are in for a real treat.
I’m away at college and he looks just like my kitty back home. Oh my heart. 
So handsome! Congrats a butt ton!
This makes me so happy :) He is so sweet
My cat did this too don’t let em fool you they will forget about you in a week 😂😂😭😭 in reality it depends on the cat, some you love them so much  but they just use you for love and food on their time 
Aww ❤
Staying calm and not trying to kill someone during a car ride, what kind of  magic did you cast on this cat? 
That is a look of love
What? That looks like my olly ♥️
Thanks for adopting. He looks so happy and grateful. 
Look at that happy boy!
Aww his cute little kitty smile!
Is there an r/catsmirin. Cause there should be.

Edit: there absolutely is 😁
u/Alianirlian Miro?! 
The look of happiness! Must be a great feeling knowing you’ve given him a home! Congratulations OP ❤️
We just adopted a little guy that looks just like that! We named him Squirrely Dan.
If you put my cat in a car, crate or not, he freaks out and shits everywhere and then prceeds to get said shit all over himself. I still love him though. 
Looks like an amazing kitty!! You should look into getting him a travel backpack. I got one for my girl and she LOVES it. I take her everywhere with me and she just chills contently and occasionally sits up to stare out of her spaceship window. 
I had those exact jeans! Flood of memories. 
omg <3
He just needed you to love him, his wish came true 
That's pure love
He’s so happy 😻
My first cat was a black one too! His name was Handsome and I'm happy to see some black cat love 🐱❤
Aww this reminds me of my old cat MarieA - she looked almost identical, always purring and affectionate... Especially when you were on the toilet! 
The adoration. So sweet.
Luckyyyy my cat used to meow the whole time when riding in the car
He's beautiful!!! 😻
Reminds me of picking up my cat, she was living in a cardboard box, I pulled up, she came right to me, happy to be held, she was wondering what the fuck was going on for the first quarter mile, kept meowing looking out the window, then she settled in my lap and slept for the rest of the 70 mile drive home. 

The next three days she slept on me, now she's a spolied brat who always sleeps near me. 
Oh, what a beautiful fur baby. Here's hoping you have many fluffy years with him, OP!
Black kitties are the best. I have a cuddly black one too.
Lucky you! My cat pooped in her basket on our ride home! 😂 (I think your cat is adorable by the way!) 
Now he can has cheezburger 
What a happy, sweet boy ❤️
I wish someone would look at me like that. Those are goals right there!
Aw, he's the happiest of boys. Look at that little smile. 
"I love you so much, and when you touch the secret spot I'm totally going to maul you! Not even sure which spot that is yet, but I'll know it when I fee... BINGO!! Omnomnomnom. "
Ughhhhhhhh I love caaaatttssss
I'd purr too if I just got a new servant that takes care of all my needs and the only payment I have to give them is my presence. 
Hello hooman, you iz mine now
My black cat has the loudest purr box, it's the best sound ever.
He looks like my beloved black kitty. I had to say goodbye to him about 2 weeks ago. He fought CHF as long as he could because he wanted to take care of me. He was the best lap kitty ever, and his purrs were very loud. His doctor came to visit him and help him say goodbye laying in bed with me getting all the snuggles. 

Enjoy all the purrs. It’s never long enough. 
Some cats really understand what is happening when they are adopted.

Usually the ones who are older and they have seen lots of other cats go before them.  (From what I've seen.. I'm attaching human thoughts to a cat I know)
My kitty has the ghost tabby stripes too!! His became a little more visible as he got older, it's super neat! Your new kitty is such a cutie pie!
Black cats need to be adopted so badly. They get killed more due ppl and their superstitions. 
Looks so much like my girl. Including those adorable little stripes on the arms. I call her my black tabby.
What a precious priceless beautiful baby! I adopted years ago a beautiful black cat and he was full grown, he had the most beautiful long black fur all around his neck. I named him Bjourn and I truly loved him. He was about 3 years old and we had woods all around our house with lots of mice in the woods and of course in the winter they always found someway to get to into our home, no matter what my husband did to plug up outside entrances these tiny rodents and the chipmunks to would always find some unknown way to get into our home. Our beautiful boy cat Bjourn was the most AWESOME AMAZING MOUSER & CHIPMUNK CATCHER!!! We never ever had mice or chipmunks in our home after beautiful Bjourn was adopted by us❤️
Looks like my kitty Miggy.  
“My human finally found me!”
That’s a good baby. Thank you for adopting an adult
Well damn. Reminds me of my own cat so much. Glad he’s found a home. 
Awww is right, black cats are the best cats! Post in r/blackcats 
Honestly Im a grad student and my motivation is set on finishing my thesis so I can get a job and support my future pets.
Happy Kitty!!!
That is the face of pure happiness! Such a cutie!
That look <3
Almost identical to my cat Figiro, except mine has green eyes instead.
That's a look of love! <3
I’ve never seen such a doggy cat
Black kitties are the sweetest. I miss my Siyah so much.
That face "my human! :)"  

Seems like an affectionate little one. Congrats.
Love how some black kitties show their phantom stripes, so beautiful 😻
PLEASE GIVE THIS KITTY SOME WET FOOD FOR ME.
Do cats know that they're being adopted and are going to a new place and are going to get lots of love? And does it matter to them? 
/r/mirin 
cats are awesome
What a happy, happy, content kitty! I bet they were push pawing too!
I've never seen a cat smile. That's one of the cutest things I've ever seen 
Awww man, what a little guy! Any more pics of him? First cat I'm getting is a black one for sure.
lovely!
T-T This makes me miss my little black cat. He was such a sweetheart like this one.
That smile is just adorable.
Aww well done! 
FYI: Cat purr when they're anxious and scared, too. But this one looks very HAPPY!
I hope to be as happy as that cat one day
Looks just like my baby kid!
purrrfect
What a beautiful and happy boy!
Oh I love that face! He looks so thankful to be rescued. 😬😬🤗🤗😭😭
You must wear dark clothes for the rest of your life.
Now that’s a look of love 😍
Thank you for saving a life.❤
Yep, he's in love... <3
Adorable. Hits me in the feels a bit. My early teens to late 20s cat looked almost the same. Had a short kinked tail so he was named Stump. Smart cunning little shit with an abundance of affection on his own terms. Enjoy :)
The look of gratitude and adoration is palpable. I have a black cat of my own. Best decision I made. Enjoy your new house panther!
The way he looks at you, priceless. 
You should also post this in r/animalssmiling
That's a happy fucking cat
The way he's squished in there looking up at you is so perfect. What a cutiepie.
 looks just like my baby doll, Stir-Fry. I miss my floofer.
My cat looks up at me like that when I hold him and I love it
Obama your momma
Nothing bonds you to a cat more than when you first adopt them. It's amazing how happy they get when they're finally free and they have a home.
I adopted my black cat, Sir Pounce, a few years ago. He was scared the whole way home. How he cuddles in my lap and purrs super loudly. Forever homes are the best it seems.
Is he newly adopted? I'm getting the impression yes? He is in love with you and he is profusely thanking you for giving him a forever home. Even though we all know he chose you😜

My husband doesn't even look at me with that much love and adoration and he's crazy about me!
Well to be fair, purring can be an indication of stress.
He's just glad his human finally showed up.
Why
We adopted a cat and all she does is look real cute but then attack our hands.
Of course he was, knew there was a loving home just waiting there!
That is the look of a cat that just found it's person.
Toothless
Black kitties are absolutely the best. Congrats on your new overlord!
🥰 Aww
Aw he looks just like my cat ❤️ 
Don't be fooled.  It's a rage-purr /s
What an expressive wee face 😍 
Purrr🐱fect hooman😁❤💕
Black cats are the best cats :)
...smiling too
r/catsmirin
I wish all cats smiled like that. I really don’t like cats but that one makes me want to a little more. 
what did you name it

What's his name?
Black cats are angels
Señior fluffy
That face! The paw over the arm! Love him so much! 
He looks just like my little guy! Congrats on your new friend :) 
I had a black cat, he was the the most affectionate pet I’ve ever had. I still miss him.
The amount that this looks like my cat is terrifying. Like I thought my mom was on Reddit all of a sudden... Even down to the polydactyl toe!
Such a precious kitty

&#x200B;
💖 black cats.
You’re a good man. 
Cat.
Bombays are the best!
r/mirin 
What a handsome boy! Sweet little face.
Black with black stripes! 😍
The face of pure joy! 
Looks exactly like my cat. My cat is a loudmouth.
What's his name? He's lovely. I think you will be very happy together
Mirin 
Its love at first purr....
Oh my goodness this baby looks just like my black kitten at home. So handsome. 
He looks happy. 
Oh you can see his little stripes!
How do I get a cuddly cat?
Look at that cat smile!
I a m screaming kitty is gorgeous
Best cat I ever had was a black cat.
I want more photos!
He is saying "You are my slave meow". 
What an absolute sweetheart! Enjoy many years with your new best friend! 
Finally got a hooman of his very own. 
Oh how sweet! I love being able to see the stripes in a black coat!
Such a happy baby!! Expect his motor to never stop.
Aww, he reminds me of my cat.
Kitty adores you. 
Omg, can I pet him? 😍
Has to do a double take. We just adopted a black kitten. They're the best!
"I'm feline it. This gonna be good." :3
At last somebody who is friendly.... 
Awwwww looks like my cat did when he was little. 
Looks so furrrrry
If you could bottle the look expressed in his eyes,there would be one hell of a lot of love to spread around! Absolutely wonderful moment captured :)
Aww!! So Cute!😻
He might just be reacting to the placement of your left hand
He is purrfect
'Your my new mommy(?)?'
r/catsmirin
Whoa his markings are cool, black but still striped 😍
u/xy-coder 
You my friend, have just been adopted by a kitty cat 😻😻😻😻😻
If you just adopted him off the side of the road in New Orleans can you please bring my cat home.  I swear that looks like my boy and yes he loves car rides.
r/catsmirin
Is her fur black on top and white near the roots? Kitty looks like the mini version of my purring friend :)
Eat it
Awww..he is so beautiful, with his subtle black stripes on his getaway sticks...also, those eyes, those whiskers, that little rubber nose...he is a cute floofball. Good luck, and lots of fun with him!!
Weird flex but ok
I love it 
<3
looks like you bought same jacket as her fur to get closer to your purr :p
I think that cat is figuring out the best tactic to kill you while you are sleeping. Beware!
Looks like a Bombay. But not totally with the darker black stripes
Is he black or brown?   He looks a lot like my Havana Brown.  
Im going to need some updates OP
My cat would be fear pooping all over that car.
Cool kitty !!!
What a cutie!
What's up with the repeat posts today?
He's gorgeous! We recently adopted a little black cat, and he's amazing!  I have a soft spot for them, I think.   I hope you'll both be happy together :)
He loves you so much already!!!
Oh he's so beautiful, look at that face. He knows he's got a new family. I've got two and of them is black, he's such a big baby as well, just like your new boy.
After getting a new cat 3 years ago ive become even more in love with them. I love mines like its my own kid. He shows me alot of love and i think he knows id die for him. 
This makes me so happy!
NAME HIM THACKERY BINX
Cats always look to smug but this is one happy boy.
That’s heaven. (For the human)
I'm sorry I believe you have [stolen my cat](https://i.imgur.com/gK3DKKm.jpg)
Look at all the love in his eyes! He adores his person.
THE LOOK OF LOVE!! 😻😻😻
A comment mostly for myself but.. I miss Milo!

He even had those stray white hairs like here too. Enjoy your kitty!
That kitty look high as shit
What a candid heartfelt look 
He looks just like my cat ! I won’t be able to see him for a month, I want to pet him so bad right now 😭
That’s how my black kitty was on the ride home too. Five years later and I’m pretty sure he believes he’s a real human and I’m his biological mom.
He looks so happy! Congrats. Black cats are the best.
Honestly, my black kitty Obie is the sweetest cat I’ve ever met in my entire life. He’s just a big bucket of love, you can pick him up and carry him and move him wherever you want and he’s just like, “this is great, I’m totally cool with this, just keep on paying attention to me.” Everyone I know who has a black cat says black cats are abnormally extra sweet. 
Look at that smile!!!😻
Aaaawwwww, reminds me of my boy Ollie :D 
Aww,he's hugging you.

So sweet! <3
OMG, he luurrrvvss you already! You are both so lucky.
This makes my heart melt 
Hes so happy!!!!
That guy looks super effing happy!
Aww he's still got his secret stripes. Black cat stripes are the best!
Aww, looks happy.
Congrats! This makes me want to leave work and chill with my cats ha 
Black cats are adorable 
Now that's a look of love right there! What lovely black-on-black stripes. What's kitty's name?
Look at the little face! He's so happy and knows that he's going HOME finally!! Aww!!! 
My heart is melted now . . . So cute!
 You're safe now little mate.
Rare I see another charcoal tiger kitty🐱😻
Someone needs to make this one of those “get you a girl that looks at you the way this cat looks at it’s owner” memes.  ...though I’m sure it’s been said and done lol. 
Look at his sweet happy face! I have a black cat too and he is very loving as well. Have a happy life together :)
He's adorable.  I love the faint stripes on his legs.
Damn.   Good for u for not getting a kitten. Ur the man! May you have good fortune forever!
Suckerrrrrrrrr!

-The Cat, probably
You appear to have an exact clone of my kitten. Complete with stripes and same eye color.
What a happy boy!! ❤
Hooman arms > Cage bars 😻

Glad he found his hero!
Sweet
Get someone who looks at you like that cat looks at his human
that looks like my BBC!(big black cat) but it gets carsick and usually does all 3 (piss, poo, throw up) on way to summer cottage where it can be free outside (2 hr drive)
So cute!
I just see its eyes. Its the same color of your tshirt
That is one happy kitty!
Aww such a happy kitty 😍😍😍
Cute cat , he looks so happy probably thinking he has now a owner and a forever home. Kudos!
Someone found their human, and their new pack.
Oh my word. Look at that love 
So nice to see such a happy kitty!!
[deleted]
My kitty Beetle did that on his ride home too!!! Except he insisted on being in *my* lap, the driver, rather than the passenger's lap. and he was a slippery little man. 

That was the only time he cuddled up to me in months! It's taken him a while to adjust to his new home and life, and he's obsessed with my boyfriend. In the past two weeks or so he's been cuddly with me. It makes me wanna cry. 

His behavior makes it seem like he was abused in his previous home, he went from a few different foster homes to a few different adopted homes. Now he has a forever home :) He and my other kitty clicked immediately, and now they're inseparable little black fluffballs and a force to be reckoned with (only if you're in their way of tuna).

Sorry for going on a tangent about my boys, I just love them so much. 
Help... dying... need moar pictures....
That look tho he looks so poor happy
Cute kitty, reminds me of my cat that just passed last year.

You should really have the cat in a carrier.  I once rescued a kitten that was hit on the road.  I placed him in the floorboard and he crawled up under the passenger side dash.  I had to have my dash taken apart.
thank you for adopting a cat and not dropping $2K on supporting [fucking] breeders.  Good for you.  he/she's adorable! 
I was going to say the purring is probably because he's scared to be in a car, but that's a happy and comfortable looking cat!
Is it dangerous or harmful if stray cat bites you ? 
Cats purr when nervous 
My cat can kick your cats ass 
cuz u r on the rag
You don't happen to live in GA, do you? I lost my black kitty about a month ago. The issue is all black cats look the same and no one bothers to check the microchip on a cat :/
Wait until you get home, won’t even remember who you are and will completely ignore you lol. Cats give zero shits
He’s waiting for a virgin to light the black flame candle. 
That's a stress response, but he's super pretty.
That will show him who’s boss
