I love the way they work around the cat. Like it's amazing that this is something they go and do each night, but even more so to me that the cat starts in the middle and waits for the worlds best whirlpool to suck them up and carry them away to cozyland. . 
I will never in my life be as god-tier comfy as this cat.
Looks very cozy for the cat, but one of the dogs is laying on a ball. 
Not sure if the warmth is from the dogs or the heater ❤
This is quite possibly the cutest thing I've ever seen! 
Cat: "Heated bed, assemble.   Very good."
Real pack mentality here.  The two biggest members are keeping the littlest pack member safe in the middle 
That’s what I call being successful in life 
They even form a heart
cat: "time for bed fellow dogs"
Is there a definite list of all the cute gifs/videos for these doggos/cat?  It appears to be the same cast as - 

https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/9vv0rf/go_get_your_brother_for_a_picture

https://i.imgur.com/IQ0qrem.gifv

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5EsJ_rVJ9To&feature=youtu.be

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tOY0akenssE
That is so sweet.
This has to be the dog that's always posted pulling the cat by the leash, right?
I wanna be this cat
They make a heart.😊❤️
i am the cat -

these my frens here

i like when they

curl up so near

i keep my spot

here on the bed,

they circle round

then hang their head

some cats have kits

at night they hold, 

but me - i'll keep 

my bed of gold


Good god, if that's not the cutest thing I've seen all month...
They look as if they’ve been asked to do a demonstration of it. At the end they all look a bit awkward like they’re wondering if they can get back to what they were doing before you asked them to show reddit how they sleep. 
Nothing warms my cold, frigid heart like seeing cute dogs and cute cats interacting in friendly ways. Look at them. *Look at them!* They're so goddamn cute! They're friends and they love each other and it's *fucking adorable!*
Further proof that cats run the world.
Is my spot?  Okay is your spot.  I lay here next to claw puppy.
"Human sacrifice, dogs and cats living together – mass hysteria."

--Peter Venkman
Golden’s are the best. 
Just got news I didn’t get a job I really wanted and was in the last stages of interviewing for.  This cheered me up immensely. ❤️
"Hey foodgiver, can you get the lights on your way out?  kthxbye"
r/thecuddlepuddle
Must be uncomfortable for the right dog laying on that ball
Cuddle puddle
Is your house a cartoon?
That cat just has the drill down 
When I see things like this it makes me wish my corgi and cat weren't bitter enemies.
Their bodies are making a little heart
The dogs almost make a heart shape!
And they have a heater 😍😍😍
Sir, you have a beautiful family.
two dogs and a radiator, that's pretty cat comfortable.
The royal guards.
Well looks like I'm getting two dogs now.
Cuteness overload!
lol wow.  what a perfect video
My God but that's cute. I think my eyeball's just melted.....
When going to sleep becomes a coordinated operation. 
Is it wrong to be jealous of a cat ?
These besties just made my day 😊
You don't know if they sleep like that every night though OP, if it's just another one of your shitty reposts.
Omg! This is so sweet!
But that ball! it's gotta be jabbing the dog all night long. 
Cuteness overload ❤️
My cat just walks on my face
That cat has has 99 problems but having warm cuddly friends is not one of them!
Does anyone else see the cat looks like it’s smiling? Lol
S’mores!
How vanilla oreos are made
[deleted]
Christ, get a bigger bed for those dogs, or at least spend twenty and get another
The sweetest little cuddle puddle!!!
Threesome. Should be marked NSFW.
comfy!
Priceless video!!!! A love love relationship. Thank you for sharing ❤️
Awesome. Animals are just awesome. 
Get outta here with that cuteness! Gahhh!!
Two gold's one cat
Awww snuggers!!
The cherry on top is when the dogs form a heart with their bodies ❤
Comforting friends 
Perfectly balanced 
What is more comfy and toasty than a nightly pup sandwich?
This made me smile so hard!
Pets are THE best
S L E E P Y B O Y E
Daw, I wonder if the cat actually stays snuggled in all night, or if he has to get up for 2am zooms at some point... :p
Awww I want to be in that cuddle puddle
This is how i wanna die

Dogs cuddling me to death
Snuggly Voltron
If you look hard enough they form a heart shape.
Most adorable thing I've seen today
😍
This is so cute it angers me
Such beautiful and amazing animals
I’m super jealous of that cat. 
That kitty is the only one who knows how lucky he is. Too cute! 
Cat checks his bed before finally laying down like..  "yup, everyone's in the right spot.  Night" 


Meow sandwich
Id take that same spot!
That cat has got it right!
So very precious
That is adorable!
"It's good to be the king."
And this song pops into my head, "...Singin' hey diddle-diddle with the kitty in the middle ..."
Maximum floof
I wish my German Shepard would do this with my kitty. All she wants to do is chase my poor cats around. Even though my damn cat instigates. 
These three pets are the stars of reddit now. They have so much stuff going on every week
finally a cat can sleep in the dogs bed 
Brb off to buy some golden retrievers 
Good owner.. There's a little space heater for the kids
I cried
Right next to that power bill engorging fire hazard.

Chill - I have like 3.
How did you like that heater? I'm thinking about getting the same one. 
For a second I thought the second Goldie was going to accidentally body slam the cat laying down but it perfectly angled itself so they both could get maximum snuggles 😽
They’re the three best friends that anyone could have. They’re the three best friends that anyone could have....
Have you ever come home drunk and joined them?
So sweet!!! I love it!!
Ah yes, the ceremonial circling of the wag-ens.


I'm here all week. Try the fish. 
Why the f would you wait so long to post thos, if it happens EVERY night
My heart ❤
They make a heart ❤️ 
THIS IS FUCKINGN ADORABLE
Too flipping cute!
Thats cute even though i kinda hate cats 
They literally form a heart.
This is the cat that the golden picks up and removes from starting fights!
I can almost hear them saying “Right lads, it’s sleep time, you know the drill.”
Cate: "See human?  The Doggos are now also mine, and they provide me with warmth at my whim.  Now go bring me food and drink."
This. Cutest. Thing. Can’t. Even.
This is what they do on camera and off camera they fight like cat and dogs. 
That cat is SET UP. 
Most definitely a lie. It's rather obvious the dogs are uncomfortable and ordered to lay down.
The fact you add "every night" surely means it s not.  
I guess Human can't stand the truth.
r/eyebleach

My happiness is immeasurable and my day is made. 
Why are animals better than humans. We gotta figure some shit out guys
This is magical.
This is so cute😍😍😍 Never saw a cat being so comfortable with the dogs....
My heart isnt melting your heart is melting
r/CuddlePuddle
Neck cramp 
This can’t be real! Too cute. 
All we need now is the video of the tabby cat looking in on this post.

Cat turns to camera and says, "that's **plain weird**."

&#x200B;
They look like two proud cat parents. 
Out of everything I've ever seen on r/awe, this is the only one I audibly said, "awwwe," for. 
I cannot even handle how adorable and endearing this is....
So funny how they all get into sleep formation!
Heaven is indeed a place on earth.
Dogs are pack animals. They’re cute too. 
Aren't these the same dogs that broke up a cat fight by picking this cat up by it's harness and carrying it away?
I'm surprised that one on the right can sleep on a ball
Pupper on the right is weighing whether he should get up and move the ball under him
They look like an older couple who just got a kid that doesn't want to sleep by him/herself haha
My heart! Ahhh so cute 
The dream is real
Their body language doesn’t look natural. This is a trained trick.
AnIMAls fOrcEd to PerfoRm fOR RedDit AudIeNce uNDEr tHreAt oF DEath
Bed made from minions. 
Dog on the right not actually comfortable.
i dont care if this is a repost its too cute!
How doesn’t this have 1billion upvotes
As long as the ball is protected 
Dibs on middle!!
Please let me be that comfy cozy kitty
They firm a ❤️ 
Aww. So cute. That kitten is such a lucky one
You lucky lucky lucky person!!!!
I swear golden retriever are angels sent down to us
Five year old me sleeping between my parents when I have a scary dream
Is this the same two dogs that keep pulling the cat out of fights?
My heart... can’t take it. Too pure 
Does it bother anyone else that the dog laid on the ball?
That is just the cutest. I have 2 chihuahuas and a cat and they all disagree with each other. This would never happen in a million years. 
oh noe that one on the right is sleeping on a ball
God that's soo cute😍
Lovely
Sofa always have to do at least a 180 before laying down! Why??
This is the most wonderful thing I've ever seen.
I really want to join that cuddly sandwich
Adorbs. 
Ah yes, my servants
OwwwwO
My dogs wont even sleep in the same room lol
Whoever it is piling my heartstrings, please stop
This looks so cozy. 
Catto has some god-awesome Floof guards 
This is one of the sweetest things I've seen on Reddit in a long time! To be fair, I absolutely love Goldens. 
More videos or it didn't happen! 
And meanwhile I can't even have my cats walk past each other without fighting.

They are sisters though.
They all want a piece of that space heater! Whenever my wife clicks on hers the dog and two cats come sprinting to lay in front of that thing!
So they just sleep every night uncomfortable af?
SWEETEST DAMN THING I'VE SEEN ALL DAY
It’s a heart with a kitty filled center!! 
They kind of make a little heart shape too
This absolutely melts my heart.
I don’t think I’ve ever seen anything cuter. Thanks OP
That's the sweetest thing I've seen today!!
Oh my! So loving! 
Good. man, you left a heater for them 
I just wanna climb in there
Gentle giants
So cute! I'm curious as to Why so many people own Goldies? I'm not complaining, just curious. I see them all the time. Is it some new dog fad or something? Are they over bred? Hmm...
It makes a natural <3 shape! :D
Oh god, my heart.
That is Adorable!!
Lucky cat.
This is a cuddle valley if I've ever seen one... 
My cat kinda does the same, loves going to sleep tucked between my legs near the crouch 
Aww they made a heart shape, what a heart warming scene with the kitty choosing the warmth of friends over the radiator.
Universe is amazing 
I would feel really left out if these were my pets
How can I get in on this?!
Looks uncomfortable sleep for the dogs
Aren't they the trained dogs from the videos where they pull that cat away from a fight? 
Kitty looked right into the cam and smiled three times. As if any confirmation of contentment was needed.
What a beautiful family!
Dog forts are the best forts 
This is so sweet 
This is top five most heart warming things I've ever seen
That is like the cutest thing ever.
this is like sleeping inside a tauntaun to a cat
So cute😍
It’s even shaped like a heart
This I think is why Reddit exists. 
I saw someone use this in another post already. I have no problem with reposts, but just thought I would point that out
How do they know when is time to sleep? 
Oh my god. That is TOO much cuteness!!
Can you post more of them doing this everyday
Would make my days 
so like a sack of potatoes!! then?
The cat sits down first.  I love it!
<3
I’d pay $500 a night to get in on that slumber party. 

The dogs formed into a heart!!!
I want that for me. Is that weird?
Omg, adorable! And love how they form a heart with the cat in the middle, just purrfect!
That’s very nice to have pets caring for each other (add me!)
What a life that cat has. A great house, food, family who loves him/her and two dog brothers who also ..are her bodyguards?
This makes me want more than one pet
Space heater basically makes this shooting fish in a karma barrel :p
What a happy, snuggly life.
Shadow, shadow and sassy. Poor Chance didn’t get in on the action. 
How many dog biscuits did this cat paid for this kind of security?
*my pillows know their place*
So pure.
These are the same dogs who carry the cat around like that one video where the cat was in a a fight and the dog carried it away
Omg my heart 
I just created multiple throwaways to like this more. Easily my favorite thing I saw today 
Two good dogs showing respect for thier feline overlord
This just negated my horrible day in a snap.
That is so precious. I wish I could witness that every night ❤️
i wish my girlfriend had reddit so i could show her this blessing of adore 
Not a fan of cats but seeing them interact and be loving with puppies makes me like them
Nothing like a cuddle puddle
Goodness, this is too much
That is the sweetest thing ever.
Animals are a blessing
MOMMY DADDY AND BAAABYYY
d’aaaaaaawwwwwwww
They cuddled in the shape of a heart ♥ 
A little adorable heart sleep snuggle 
Your cat is a proud dog owner I see.
I closed it out of jealousy that my cat and dog aren't there yet, then I reopened cause damn thats cute.
Bullshit! Cats don’t sleep at night!
Awww they’re so adorably organised. Looks so warm and comfy.
The best thing about my day. Thank you!!!
It's a heart!!!
*this is how they sleep in this video I found online
I love them
Can I use all my karma to be that cat in my next life?
Looks like a big furry heart. 
There's a space heater like one meter away, of course the animals are going to pile up right there.
This is why I want another dog. My pup is very high energy and we cant always meet his needs. If we got him a buddy and a doggy door to let them roam our backyard and play, he would never look sad ever again 
Is this the cat that always gets dragged out side by the dog?
Lucky kitty! So sweet!
That's too much. I'm pretty sure that video just broke me. The amount of Aww+animals being bros+cute+StopIt!!! Resulted in, what seems to be, a system shut down. It was a good way to go, though. Too bad I never got to se
That dog didn't care that he laid on the ball
Comfy as fuck
the cat's like, "awwww yeeeeeeez"
So these dogs sleep face to face with each other and pretty close to the face of a cat but I always get dog butt? 

What the fuck
Kitty choosing sleep with the doggo’s instead of nocturnal activities. Priorities done right!
Snuggle buddies awww
The kitty connection. 
r/eyebleach
cosy nest
Awwwww
OMG, this is the best thing I’ve seen in awhile, they truly do this every night?!  ❤️❤️❤️
Sound?
I just had to put my 12 year old golden down on Thursday. Haven't been able to go to work and pretty much in a constant depression since then. He was truly my best friend and has been with me through everything. I thought watching this would make it worse but it might be the first time I've actually smiled since last week. Thank you.
How do they wake up though?
Polyamory just works for some
Goldens are just the best. Terrible guard dogs, but great at everything else that makes dogs so wonderful. 
Ez 70k combined karma here.
r/animalsbeingbros
Most beings... don't want to sleep alone.  :)
That is one happy cat
They made a heart around the kitty!
I’d hate to be the one to try and mess with that cat
Are these animals up for adoption? If so I want them all please. 

I'm not kidding. 
With the space heater right in front of them.... No wonder, lol
Goldens are the BEST!
Now this is a quality aww video. Made me actually giggle a little at how cute it was.
Is that a heater?must be really cold
If I sleeps on my ball noone steals my ball.
I call this a catdog sandwich.
/r/kittypupperlove
/r/thecuddlepuddle
Isnt this the same pair of dogs and cat that the owner basically abuses for internet points? Pretty sure its them and this is probably staged 
This is so cute
Best ever
How many more threads can we get this in u/sirmakoto?
Awww!! That looks exactly like my cat! 💚
It forms a heart 😍
I'll take 1037585027496927294069361074067263940 of them!
Check out moneybags over here, with a space heater for his pets.  
I can't afford to use one of those on me!!!
Cuteness overload!
That’s cute as shit.  But laying on that ball made me uncomfortable    
This guy has had 4 posts make it to the front page today alone. I smell a karma farmer.
Golden’s are the best. 
Can't find it said yet, sorry if I missed it...

r/cuddlepuddle
Your house just be huge
Aw love it! While I’m over here shouting at my dog to stop tormenting my two cats or vice versa. 
Oh the farts ;)
Our Golden is a marathon runner in his sleep.  This would not work and would be incredibly dangerous for our cat!
♥️
Preparing for comf off
Whooaaa! Too adorable!!
They are all best friends
I love animals
Would pay $$$ to be that cat
Buds
I’ll say it again, Goldens always seem to have the best personalities 
Wow lovely! 😍
That’s adorable 
Awe!!!!
WHOLESOME
How perfect ❤️
Awwwe they make a heart!
I envy all three of them. I want IN on that love sandwich right there. 
rip your vacuum cleaner though
This is golden. 
Being the youngest sister with 2 older brothers
Ohh the cat 😭 I was just waiting for the cat to lie it’s head down in comfort. I wouldn’t have been satisfied otherwise. 
So sweet! I wish my dog loved my cat. 
Omg I love this!!

Awwwwwwww
It's like that awful movie Savages
Why can’t humans get along this well?
tWo WoLvEs TrAp PoOr CaT tO eAt LaTeR
The digs make a heart around the cat! 
I love this
IM DEAD
Can’t you grab a blanket and tuck them in?
Is it just me or did the two dogs form a heart?
A hot dog made with dogs providing warmth for the feline sausage
Such symmetry.
I just died from how cute this is! 
I can odd!
Kitty sandwich ❤
And the cat gets to hear them both snoring
In Lumpy Space Princess’s voice: Ah, my heart! 
They look like they are just waiting for you to turn off the lights so they can start their party
That's so sweet!<3
r/cuddlepuddle
This is in China isn't it?
Golden Retrievers = warriors of light
Cuteness overload
does the cat even need a eater?
It’s like a heart shaped doggo bed!
Awww.  Love this. 😊
I wound do anything to be a part of this. 
I wish my pets would do this. They take up 90% of my bed 
Stupid question. Do the dogs maintain specific sides of the bed where they sleep? 
And when one of the dogs rolles over in their sleep?
Your catness
It’s an actual dog bed
So I entered a tunnel on public transit as this video was playing and now it won’t load anymore. Does anyone have an alternative link? Must have cuteness overload!
Awwww, they take care of their feline sibling 
I awwed out loud! 
Nothing more cute than cats and dogs being best friends! 
Hmm!
this should be the most upvoted post of all time.
THEY'RE SLEEPING IN THE SHAPE OF A HEART(ish)
Looks like a giant heart awe!!
Golden heart with a kitty center aww
Must not be that cold if it's only a two dog night.
Together they make a heart! So cute.
Good doggos.
They form something like a furry heart with their bodies. 
Second dog just laid down on a ball. She’s certainly not the Princess & the Pea
I love how the cat just seems to get sleepy the second positions are assumed. So sweet 🤣
In the shape of a heart too! ❤️
I wish I was dead this is so beautiful 
So sweet!!
Good for you for having a heater for them. My cats gravitate towards any source of heat so I got them a heated blanket. They cant stay away
God..move that ball from under him.
I love the way that dog on the outside seems to make sure the dog on the inside is comfortable before he gets onto the bed to sleep. So much love
A golden kitten sandwich 😍
Damn goldens are great
That’s so sweet. 💕
That is the most snugglybuggly thing I’ve ever seen and I want to be right in the middle of it
Don’t just film, move the ball for doggio!
This is so strange. My mother shared a different video of this same cat and one of the dogs in the same house. I could tell by the collar on the kitty and tiles on the floor.

For the record, the dog grabbed kitty by the scruff of his neck and dragged him along the floor to where he wanted him. Kitty didn't mind.
Turn the heat up! 
Goldens are the best!
i wonder if the cat actually sleeps  
mine are very active overnights,  
it's why i keep my door closed,   
let them run amok while i sleep.
Wonder if the Cat knows she's adopted yet >.>
They are careful not to smuch tiny funny looking doggo
what kind of dog are these precious little guys? they look like golden retrievers with some kind of mix.
Best Thing I’ve Seen All Day! Thanks!💜
They even form a heart shape!
I don’t know if this one is the repost or not 
r/eyebleach
omg that ball under the 2nd dog must be soooooo uncomfortable 
Day 363 they still haven't figured out yet..
The goldens lay down & their fuzzy butts form a ❤
Animal tetris.
I can't not upvote this.
It's a heart!
Cats always find the best spots in the house
Yin, Yang and Mu
Can't believe...Been waiting where a cat shares.  This is even one upper with two dogs.
Now that is just too damn precious
Did it bother anyone else that that second dog laid on a ball?
Damn I ❤️ animals
That is a lucky kitty!! 
Hmmm....  threesome
They need a larger bed. 
These r literal angels sent from heaven 
We have 4 dogos, 5 cats it's more like a dogpile on the bed for room
This gave me super allergies
This is the cutest thing I’ve ever seen. Got an audible “aww” out of me. Thanks!
This better become the top post of all time
Warmest spot in the house is always where the cat is!

My heart 
I love how the second Goldie was like "Ok I'll sacrifice myself just a little so miss kittie can have comfort" 
Hope that radiator is dog proof. I had to get one that automatically turns off when knocked over because my lab kept bumping it over. 
Damn... I guess I have to share the bed.
squee!
Oh my God this is off the charts levels of cute!!!!! Aaaahhhhhh!!!! ❤️ ❤️ 
Cat controls dogs 
It's THOSE retrievers and cat. Now I know why the cat puts up with the dogs bullshit on occasion
What beautiful coats these animals have
Too cute!!
That’s cute
Goals ✨💞
I needed this furry happiness today. Thank you :)
I wish them the best dreams
God I wish that were me. 
One big butt-shaped heart with a crack in it as it should be 💔🍑
So guys, we did it. We reached 100k upvotes
There is no comfier place on earth than where that cat sleeps every night 
Is your cat more doglike than cat in it's typical behavior?
Two dog night
Today's most re-posted gif goes to....

It is adorable, even if the title is bullshnitz. 
“You’re the ugliest puppy I’ve ever seen, but I love you anyway because you are mine.”
That is one comfy cat. 
I love pupper piles!  So much love! 
Are you freakin’ serious!?
i propose a change.. me in the middle?
Kitter love is best love. Am jealous. 
Oh Zeus that looks so comfy. 
That is one lucky cat!
r/kittypupperlove 
Gosh dang it. I’ve seen this family like 6 times now on Reddit and each post is more incredible than the last. Will someone PLEASE find out who this family is/where we can see all their vids
This is too sweet!
That tennis ball can't be comfortable for the doggo on the right, but he powers through for the comfort of his buddies. He's the real champ! 
This is wonderful. 
Awww the shape they make is like a heart 
That’s love right there
Omfg !! So super awesomely cute 
Omg this is the best! I would love that for my dog and cat . .if the cat only knew what he's missing out on
They formed a floof heart
I don't care how many cross posts or repost I see, will updoot every time 
THE WARMTH GUYS! Can you imagine. oh. my.  lanta.
Wayyy too purrecious 
This is so cute and I will show every person I see tomorrow this video 
Awh! All of the snugs!
This is cute
"And we're the three best friends that anybody could have

We're the three best friends that anyone could have

We're the three best friends that anyone could have

And we'll never, never, ever, ever, ever leave each other"
I don't understand how people can train their pets to be this good. I had 2 kittens once and on the two separate occasions they got out of the house they were killed by the stray dog outside. 
Ugh, my heart, jfc ♥️
Well crap. If that isn’t the cutest thing I’ve ever seen. 
Awww
And we're the three best friends that anybody could have
My cat would be sitting on that heater, smelling like burnt hair for the rest of winter
I don't know why but this makes me so happy!
I don't know why but this makes me so happy!
Ahh the space heater. 
I can now die a happy monkey 
This must be where the original heart ❤️ shape came from.  
I would like to be that cat
omg i'm in love. 
Tell your pets that someone they don't know from the internet loves them
I'm going to need footage for every night to confirm. 
Their sleeping posture is good
THE CUDDLES!
In fact, they are all very cute.
Now I want 2 retriever and a cat.  Onwards to animal shelter!
Omg! So sweet! These dogs are beautiful! They’re Golden’s right? 
Are they sleeping in front of a heater??
Look at how the cat gently moves its tail so the second golden retriever can lay down.
Golden retrievers are gifts to humanity 
I think it's the same pets in that gif where two goldens dragged a cat away! This might get burried but here's the owner's homepage:

https://weibo.com/u/3134961002

There are tons of videos there and she sounds like a lovely person so I hope she gets more traction!
It would be nice if this was real. But these clearly aren't OP's animals given his insane post history. 
The dogs form a heart with the cat in the heart, gawwww
That kitty is loving life.
This is what I wished for. I had a gotten a kitten this summer and then later adopted two rescue mutts who had previously been fine around cats per their fosters.

I had been introducing them to my kitten slowly, and hadn’t seen any issues apart from them wanting to eat her food. I kept a baby gate up so the kitty had the run of the upper floor, and the dogs had the ground floor, and that had been fine for weeks.

Then last week, I came home from a coworker’s funeral to find that they’d randomly decided to bust down the gate. The dogs had gone upstairs and one of them attacked and killed my kitten. 

Now I’m stuck trying to find a new home for the one that did it, and hoping I’m not wrong about the one I’m thinking didn’t.




Whose dogs and kitty are these? I keep trying to find a source for these videos but it’s just viral reposts. 
Crazy how animals all sleep together.
Highly suggest 2 twin size memory foam toppers layered on each other. Extra comfy and warm for my doggos and cheaper than I’ve seen some dog beds! Love this
I can’t wait to get a Golden Retriever. It’ll be my first dog away from my family!
Omg this is too much!!! 😍
Animals are soooooooo cooooool !!! Warms my heart !!
The dog on the right was like, “Excuse ME, that’s MY spot. Ugh ... nevermind.”
I just died. 
this is the cutest thing ever
Heaven 
Protect him!!!
doin a protec. dont nobody try a bamboozle on our kitter fren. 🐶🐶
r/eyebleach 
They need a bigger doggie bed
Utterly adorable! 
Must protec catto
The two goldens make a heart.
I want to snuggle in that pile of floofs so bad
I wish i was that cat
Two big kittens protecting their small pupper sibling. So sweet
This is the greatest thing. 
they make a heart 
I want a web cam of these three streamed every night so I can pretend I'm that comfy. 
I bet it’s so warm and cozy
Sometimes I hate being human... this is reason number one. Waking up in the morning and leaving for work seeing my dog comfy as hell. Wonder what it’s like.
My dog will eat my cat, before they will sleep together
Ohhhh - they’re heartshaped! ❤️❤️❤️
Assume the positions boys.
Aww. That is precious!
Aww. I think I need this in my life
u/gifreversingbot
r/shareddogbeds
It looks like the yin and yang symbol 👍
Is this post the highest Upvote to Comment ratio or what?
Adorable!
If that ain't love, I don't know what is.
I will never understand how a dog can lay on a ball and not be bothered.
My heart ❤️ this is so precious and sweet. That is hands down the comfiest cat in all 7 kingdoms. 
That kitteh must be warm and toasty. 
If this isn’t the cutest thing ever idk what is
Sooooo cute
This is the sweetest thing I have ever seen!!! 
Is your house extremely cold?
How can you not upvote this!?
Too cute
My mother has a kitten and a dog that was an old stray. The kitten every night would sleep ontop of the dog, reminds me of that, sorta.
So pure. So beautiful
OMG that is just too cute!
😭 Are they related? 
Imagine having two gigantic Clifford-sized Goldens so as to experience this at cat-scale
r/cozyplaces
This is the cutest video that I have seen today. My dog and cat  avoid spending time together but these three are amazing.
this is so sweet, faith in the world restored. 
I like how they form a heart
so cosy! I love how they gently fit around the cat
I want to be that cat
/u/Amyelbattawy 
r/TIGHTPUSSY
I legit almost cried
cAt GeTs cRuShEd BeTwEn tWo MAsSiVe LoaVEs oF bReAd
My poor heart
It’s so gosh darn adorable 
Homeward Bound
Making a hug heart
/u/henrylittlekitten
We will guard u
I love how they form a heart :)
I feel comfortable from looking at this picture
I'm crying
R
Re
Rep
Repo
Repos
Repost
Repos
Repo
Rep
Re
R
Awwwww so cute!
Aww, such cute. 🙂
u/larimuss
I call bullshit. Those dogs didn't look happy
r/thecuddlepuddle
I sleep with my 2 big dogs (yes am single), and we have a formation we all get into also. One sleeps in between my legs with her nose poking out end of bed and the other sleeps in my arm. By the morning they both have their legs sticking straight into the sky 🥺. Sometimes the one in my legs gets hot and spreads out and I wake up to a gas-pedal (am a woman). It’s delightful 
my little heart can't take it. 
Fuck, I want pets so bad. 
Jesus those dogs are fat. 
Your boy just gonna sleep on his tennis ball all night?
R/eyebleach 
Wow... I never thought I'd see something so cute that it would make me puke. Weird flex, but ok.
this will be an interesting breed... radog
The dogs are just proyecting their toy. 
I dunno looks like a trick to me. 
How sad will it be when the first one dies. 
I wonder if they’re allowed to move
No words. LOVE!
I want this!
Someone reposted this for 19k karma
Squish that cat.
2 dogs and 1 cat 😅
[removed]
The pups look like they are low key terrified of the cat. 
2 golden retrievers and a cat.

36,500 upvotes in 3 hours.

This baby is gonna end up one of the most upvoted reddit posts of all time.
The cat's like "HOLY SHIT, INDIANS ARE TRYING TO RAPE ME"

ABSOLUTELY ADORABLE 🤩🤩❤️ 
In the shape of a heart 💙
Cat be like: ah yes, giant fluffy pillows
Sorry to break up the cutefest but I worry the cat may have some sort of ailment the way those dogs are so protective over it.
Ugh 

r/gifsyoucansmell

🤮🤢🤮🤢🤮
