This wise old cat has seen it all and knocked most of it off the table.
The cat looks cranky in both photos.
Is the cat going for the record of longest living cat?
wow that cat is old
How is it that neither of you look 22 years older. I want what’s in your water 
Secretly your parents have been buying a series of identical cats as they die off. That's the 5th one so far.
22 years...are you sure she isn't an animagus?
How fortunate you are. All I wanted was for Bob and me to have a few more years together. We only had nine together. I am glad for your happiness.
That cat looks fed up with your shit 22 years ago & it looks fed up with your shit now 
Wasn't expecting someone I went to High School with to be in the front page... But yet here we are. Hi!!! 
You’ve aged 
The kitten hasn’t 
Currently on the trip home from euthanizing my 17 year old cat (Cancer.) I'm so glad you've had 22 years with this kitty. Cherish them and give them a kiss for me. 
Do you think you did anything extra or special to have the cat survive so long? 
Expecting an r/creepypms post later
Please let me, a straight female stranger, tell you're both beautiful.
The cats 22 years old ?
You looked like the girl who reprogrammed the ED-209 in RoboCop 3.
She loves you.   

It's why she's still in this world. 
That's a perfect couple right there 
This is my wife. 
Hey today’s my birthday! I’m 22 and counting!
Damn Sarah Steele, you still look cute.
I hope my cat lives that long!
r/seniorkitties 
22 years? That's a lot, I hope mine lives that much ♥️.
Still looks like a sweetheart <3 give him a head pat for me.
Kitty is still a kitten at heart. 
Vet tech here, out of curiosity does she have any medical conditions at this stage of her life? She looks amazing also.
[removed]
No matter how old she is, she's still your little baby...
Ayyyy never thought I'd see someone  I know on Reddit! Rock on duder ❤😊
My kitty is 14 and I keep thinking *"any day now and I'm scared."*   
Hey, maybe she'll make it to 22 and prove me wrong! 
The cat looks just as agitated 22 years apart 
You were quite the photogenic kid! 
You look like a 90s child star...just generally, not a specific one.
That's a cute calico. Wishing her many many many more years.  
Are you the daughter of Michael and Holly Scott?
Kitty grumbles at being taken pictures again (after 22 years) 
Girl: let's take a pic
Kitty: oh f*ck. Again???
We loved how our kids grew up with our Kitty, who passed away earlier this year at the ripe old age of 24.  She came into our family 6 years before the first of my three kids were born (now the kids are in high school and university), so she was and always will be my first baby:).  Enjoy your beautiful calico in her sunset years!
Wow! My MIL also has a 22 yo cat. I think that's mind blowing. 
What an absolute knockout.

You're pretty too.
So cool to see your cat get to such a good age. My cat Orion made it to 18.5 years old. Enjoy your kitty 🐱. 
99% of the comments:about how the cat is old n cranky
1% of the comments:other
Absolutely heartwarming and truly an “awwww” moment for me as a viewer.   Thanks for sharing.  
Beautiful pictures.
According to [this chart](https://icatcare.org/advice/how-guides/how-tell-your-cat%E2%80%99s-age-human-years), your cat is the equivalent of about 104 in human years. 
I feel like the cat’s name should be buttercup
She does not look pleased. XD
Did you go to wvu? 
Im sorry is someone cutting onions
Can we please fucking perfect beloved-pets-live-for as-long-as-we-do technology? (As I look at my big 7 year old boy, dreading him leaving)
You please be VERY nice to this cat
Pirate pride! 
I buried my fuzzy girl last summer, she was 21-22 years old but she couldn't continue.
This is fantastic. I had an almost 21yr old cat which was amazing and also quite devastating when we lost him. He’d been with me for half my life ... 
What you feed her I need some for my dog😭
How wonderful to have a lifelong friend! You’ve both aged great!
Holy crap..
Anyone else see the little girl from that movie Paulie?!
Any tips on care? I obsessively love my cats and cry just thinking about the future without them. They get more love than children honestly - do you do anything special or unique? 
What's your cat's name?

I had a kitter for 23 years. When we started out, I was 35. When we said goodbye, we were both old men. I cried harder over him than anyone in my life.  Shit. Here come the tears again. Humans stand to gain a lot of understanding from these furry beauties.
This makes me think of my daughter and her cat.  We got her a kitten for her birthday two years ago (she’d been begging for years for a cat) and the two of them are best friends.  The cat waits by the front door when it’s time for my daughter to get home from school.  
Congrats!
What do you recommend for cat food? 
Awesome! Nice cat senior.
This gives me hope! My cat is 17 but I worry everyday he will get sick. Beautiful cat btw
This is really sweet. You have a great owner. She holds you so delicately as she did 22 years ago.
She looks like she still sick of your shit
Aww! My calico was 17 days short of being 21. She was cranky and judgmental and I loved every minute of it. We called her The Gooch. <3 
I want to hug the cat, the more grumpy the cat looks, the more I want to hug it 
Somehow it was 19 last year though..? You must be bad at math
https://m.imgur.com/gallery/cYr6qkQ
This made my day.
I love this too much 
Man,we really are our smaller selves when we grow up...
That's a heckin' long time!
Awwww
How sweet! I once had a cat that made it past 20 years <3
I'm looking at your kitty and thinking, "Wow, this cat is from the 90s!" I'm thinking my sister's 13 year old cat is old but he seems to be ripe!
Good for you.  I just had a cat for 20 years that passed one week after her birthday.  Sad day.  I miss my cat.
Cherish that kitty!!!! My first cat lived to 22 with me. saw me through all major parts of life. When he had to be put down due to kidney failure, i was devestated. Hardest thing i ever had to do. Lost my best friend that day. 
[deleted]
Why do cats live longer than dogs?
Congrats on the engagement OP
Super cute 😍 I wish I still had my childhood doggie 😕
Hold her tight. My cat, Dusty, whom I still to this day remember picking out and naming as one of my most vivid memories, died over Thanksgiving break, a thousand miles away from me. I was hoping I'd get to see her again over Christmas, but unfortunately some things will never come to pass, and others that we love sometimes do.

RIP Dusty, I am sorry.
Wonderful friendship <3
I love those elderly cat paws 😗
Beautiful lovely cat. Enjoy every moment with her <3
Awwww you get mama of a lifetime award from the Kitty Council
I think I can give up all my savings if my dog could live as long as your cat does 
That's great! Here's to many more for you both.
Doesn’t look a day past 15!
Wow so that cat hasn't murdered you yet? Looks like it's been plotting for every single one of the 22 years lol. 
Two pretty girls growing up together. Nice
My parents got me a calico cat when I was 11, she was ultra shy when we brought her home, it took years to get her to be comfortable around me and not run away, but once she finally calmed down she loved sitting on my lap and was the sweetest car ever. She made it past the 20 year mark too. They must have good genes. I miss her all the time.
Wow. Amazing. 
Did you change ethnicities?
OP how crazy early is Chanukah this year?
Is she an indoor only cat?  They live longer.
2 x cuties 
Cute and beautiful 
Its like killlllllllll mmmmeeeeeeee
Your a lucky man if this is your Mrs cos mine is like that got a body like when I met her st 18 good luck bro I’m happy an I praise that it keeps on 
r/seniorkitties 
What an amazing bond you must have. I LOVE stories like this. Thank you for sharing it :)
At 22 your cat is very good looking. I had one that lived for 18 years.
22 years huh? I'd like to buy that cat a drink.
Very sweet. Her fur looks clumped though in her old age. This could be from chronic dehydration due to kidney issues. You should have her kidneys checked. If she had kidney problems the vet might want to put her on sub Q fluids to increase her quality of life.
Looks like she went from "Do I have to put up with her?" to "Pls kill me now".
I had my Torte for 19 years. She got dementia at the end of her life and the last year lived pretty much on my bed. I still miss her, her little face that lit up like the sunlight. She would wait for me every day. She stole my pillow every night. If I moved my face her claws would draw it back. I'm glad your cat is still with you!
To many more! She really looks like a grizzled I'm veteran in the second photo. 
U R BLESSED 
Super, I wish you both health and many more years together.
God I’ve had so many old cats.  Thank you for reminding me. 
I'm surpised you still have a face after holding that cat for 22 years...
The first photo looks like a 90s vhs movie cover
That cat is a year older than me, it’s an odd feeling to know that cat could drink alcohol before I could
My grandma had 2 cats that lived to 25 and 24. Got them at the same time. I was like 6 when she got them and they died a couple years ago
Hugs to you and your little floofer. My orange tabby is nearly 20, and every day with her is precious.
My big boy Sam was with me for 23 years.  Cherish every day.  Beautiful Girl you have there.
For some reason this is really sad to me.
Cute old kitter!
Both are adorable. You and the kitty have aged extremely well. The curly hair rocks! And the kitty’s nice harlequin coat is excellent as well!
That's an old human
I got 17 years with my kitten I got when I was five! It’s such a special bond. This made me smile (totally not tearing up...). I’m so happy you still have each other! 
Ayo gurl. Dey call me tyronell. Hit me up les do dis
I have that same flannel. 
I didnt know cats lived that long.
I wish you many lomlng happy years with her. Its been a year and 7 days since i had to put down my 18 year old cat. I miss her so much.  
Both adorable 💚
This may be weird/annoying feel free to ignore, but my gf and I were debating. She thought you looked half white half Asian, I thought you looked Hispanic. Any interest in settling it? 
Very cool grumpy old cat too.
😍
This girl looking like that girl from spy kids
You invented duckface in the 90s!
That cat has raised an excellent child
used to look like Rafa Nadal
I didn’t even know cats could live for so long. Mine died at 9
This is the most upvotes on a post I can remember wowie 
But google says that cats only live 2-16 years
awwwww both of you are so lovely! what it feels like so to have a fur baby from your perspective?
Wow. Cute cat, that's cool it's been around and your friend for all those years. It amazes me how long cats can live for, my friend's cat lived to 20.

I know sometimes dogs can live to be that age but it seems to be a far more rare occurrence. I hope your cat remains alive and healthy for many years to come. :) 
That's a lot of loving for that cat. She still looks lovely.
The cat looks like "I'm too old for this shit"
Long time to be married. Nice. 
That cat outlived your eyebrows
Awww you look so sweet together.  You  must have taken great care of get.  What an adorable  kitty and wonderful kitty mom! 
oh God, im going to have to live with my cat for another 15 years?
I wish you would do this again but with arms folded like before with white overalls.  
Can we take that girl out and get more of that cat?
Ok, but how old is the cat?
Sorry to tell you 10 years in that cat died and was replaced 
RIP inbox

*a moment of silence for this account*
She looks like my ex... and now the depression is back
You two are adorable! What's her name?
She is beautiful! 🐾❤️
Congratulations, you were at risk to grow up to look like Sarah Silverman but you avoided it, and you made it to Angie McDowell turf instead. 
You have amazing natural eyebrows and you butchered them lol
Pic one - "Could scratch but not worth". Pic two "I should've scratched".
She has gorgeous colors on her face. That's my favorite part of calicoes, they all just look pretty in their own way.
I'm interested to know what type of diet she has and what kind of physical activity does she partake in?
Wow. This cat has taught you so much about life and love, I’m sure.

I got my dog when I was 9 and had to put him down just a couple of days ago after having shared 17 wonderful years together. I brought him with me everywhere. All of my actions, from major life decisions to tiny barely significant ones, were taken after considering him first.

He taught me how to love unconditionally, how to be strong for others, how to care for someone else and put their well-being before yours. He formed me, made me who I am today. As he fell asleep in my arms for the last time I made sure to hold him tight and thank him for everything he’s given me. These pets are truly amongst the greatest gifts you could ever give to your soul and identity. They make us so much better.

Sorry to make this about myself but it’s still quite recent and raw for me. I’m so lucky and thankful for all the time I got with my love though, and I’m happy you’re still in it with yours. 17 felt like forever - and you’re 5 years ahead and still going! That’s incredible! Give your kitty an extra squeeze for me, will ya? :)
Really? If true, this boggles my mind. None of the cats I have known lived longer than 9 years (approximately) I would say. This cat of yours lived for 22 years? This is incredible. Surely deserves my commendation for the post. 
My cat was a ragdoll who lived a solid 18 years and was survived over the years by 3 bulldogs, 2 german shaperds, 2 other cats, and a solid month at the outside world, I thought all hope was lost til he just, felt like coming back home. over the years he switched owners with me and my brother, my brother suffered from PTSD and he was actually a great companion for my brother.


That cat lived, man. I miss him.

What breed? 
How much cats can age ? 
Neither of you have changed in 22 years. 
What a beautiful cat
Both of you have grown beautifully. 
you have progressed in age and cat as it is
that cat is 22?!
What’s your secret?
Your cats cute love cats
 Got a cat around the same age and she’s grumpy and deaf
That is amazing! What the hell do you feed her? and have you let her roam around outside?
Seeing this gives me hope that my cat will live beyond her 12 years!! Congratulations on the longevity of this relationship ❤️
Awww! <3
What a cute furball. Never knew cats can live 22 years. I guess, one learns something new every day. Thank you for sharing.
You both look trapped in time. 
Woah for a second I thought you were lavagirl. You look pretty similiar!
Beautiful!
Omg you look like my best friends little sister when you were younger 
The cat or you?
I hope my cat lives that long!!
If I may say, you're both aging gracefully. 🙂
U/nacciman
This is absolutely beautiful.

I wasn’t allowed pets as a child and now me and my mum are crazy cat ladies so I appreciate this so much!!
Cat in the second pic looks like he’s sayings “why is this still going???!”
Gives me hope! I'm at 12 years. Wish I knew how to attach a picture of my C@li(she's a calico too!)
I’m too old for this meow 
Wow
Isn’t that ancient for cats?
2 cute
And a friend forever.
UwU
Your cat old
I love how cats can have SO much written on their face.

Like in the first photo you can tell the face says "I will tolerate this from you"

and the second photo: " I tolerate this only from you"
My girlfriends cat is 18 and is being put down this Monday :( cherish the moments you have with that cranky thing <3
you're 22?
Wow I love kittys
Wow! 22 years! You have been taking good care of each other.
The younger picture the girl looks like the main character from robocop 3 
Thought it would be an useful answer, I get a dang trending about a subreddit I'm not even subscribed to..
That's so beautiful <3
Oh man I hope my boy lives to be more than 20 years old..he looks adorable
this is adorable 
Holy crap, I’m not a huge cat person but that is awesome. 
Bless you and your cat, OP!  


Give her scritches from us. 
Shes so fine
yeah i think ist really cool but this is 4chan amirite

Awwwwwww.
My lady calico lived to be 21, she was adopted into our family before I was born, by a few months. We would joke she lived in the house longer than I had. And she was also a loving/cranky calico. 
الىتابا
[https://discord.gg/fbt6fh](https://discord.gg/fbt6fh)
As a kid, you look like Nadal.
Love long. Live long.
I think she looks very contented in the new picture.
Nice.
Cute rabbit
How is the cat alive
Awww that's amazing ❤❤❤
The cat looks fully grown 22 years ago, how old is he/she? 
Dear OP if  may ask, how is her appetite and level of activity? Is she an inside/outside cat, any special diet? Thanks. Very pretty kitty. 
Is your cat single? 
you're what i picture louise belcher looking like in real life
This makes me so happy! My cat just turned 17 and is diabetic :( we’re hoping she lives a longer life
She hates to do anything other than eat sleep and poop lol
Awwww! I picked out our family’s first cat when I was three years old. She lived to be 20. Your old gal is in great condition! ❤️

The photo on the left looks like your cat has two faces. 
OP enjoy every second. My cat lived to 21, I got her when I was 6. When I went away to college she held a vigil in my chair at the kitchen table every day I was gone. When I was on my own it would have been cruel to move her with me (family experience with old cats moving is not positive). Because of that I wasn't able to be with her when she passed. I miss her every day.
Doesn’t look a day over 3!
Nice 
Two best friends! 
when she was a  child she looks like rafael nadal
Awesome photo. 
if you’re looking for a cat father I humbly volunteer as tribute. 
Cat still looks healthy, is she ? Btw the oldest living cat died aged 38 [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Creme\_Puff\_(cat)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Creme_Puff_(cat))  1967-2005
So lucky to have that much time together. 
You look like a young female version of Nadal on the left.
My tortoise shell cat Pippa who we had to have put down in April last year lived to be 23, I had her since I was 2! My absolute best friend and I miss her every day. My you two be the best of friends for many more years to come!
My grandparents had a cat that both me and my mother knew while we were young, and my mother is just turning 50, and me just turning 22. I swear it would have become a Guinness World Record cat, had they sought them out. I remember it used to lick my finger and sit on my belly, in bed, while I read, or watched television. 
How long are cat years to our human ones. I remember hearing dogs have like 7 to our 1.
That's amazing! What a long and full life, and a couple of beauties!
2 pics 1 attitude 
Was the human the girl from Robocop 3?
😭❤️❤️❤️
> 22 years and counting ..
how old that cat? mine doesn't even reach 5*yo*
Holy crap that is one old cat! Congratulations!
Both of you aged so well
Cat looked pissed back then and still is 
Aww
r/oof
So cute!

Your cat's handsome, too. 
Keep going buddy👑
Same collar?
You’re going to be inconsolable.
Soon!
You are so lucky. My black cat died at 18yo. All blind. I miss her. I was the only one she didn't hate.

EDIT : /r/blackcats
No collar now 
Not many more numbers to count
You're very lucky!
Wow! Have had my kitty for 10 years now.
The cat aged well
Took you a damn long time to count to 22.
You dudes aren't that bad after all.Keep on keepin' on.
My guy turns 5 in a few days. I hope i get him for another 10-15 years
<3
DARLEEEEEEENE!
Ap 
She's very pretty. I had a cat with the same colours but markings in different spots. Miss her so much. However old she is she looks well :)
im i only only one whos not wanting to believe  that that cat is 22 years old 
You are both look good enough to deserve this like..
You both aged great!
i like her face. very happy post.
Wow! Both of you look really good considering the time that's past.
Awesome. Enjoy every precious moment. I lost my cat, Custard, last year. She lived to be 20. I miss her every day.
That cat is a legend 
Has anyone ever told you you look like the Eisenberg girl that used to be in the Pepsi commercials?
Doesn't look like the same cat to me
Haha i don't know why but he looks older in first pic
You look like the little girl in the shot freak-out vid
Same cat?
Damn you look familiar but I can’t place you. Hmm I gotta think about it. I’ll get back to you
Fire
You're very blessed. I have two that will be 16 in February. I'd love if they were still here in 6 years. 
Loved you in Fly Away Home
Cat looks pissed 22 years later 
Both look amazing. 
Sick
Is that the same cat?
Wow that is so cool 
My housemates' cat is about the same age. It's amazing how long they live for when they get all the love. 
Girl you are so lucky!
Your cats purrdy and your purrdy
Love. Lucky girl!!
22 is incredible.
Hope he dies soon 
Looks like my cat that we had to put down because she had cancer
I hope she's still in her first life
Search by controversial. The comments are as hilarious as you want them to be.
sorry but, im already tracer
Aww glad you have each other :)
3...2...1...!!
What a cuddle nugget.
Love.
That nose! 

(Is my comment about the cat, or the girl, you’ll never knowwww^w^w^w)
I could love you both. Adorable 
Wow!! 
That’s amazing! So sweet. 
Aww, my kitty Anais will be 22 in April, it's so wonderful to have a fuzzy friend for so long ! 
thats awsome I didnt know cats live that long
The cat hasn’t aged?
I’ve never owned a cat but this photo is bomb♥️♥️♥️
This is amazing
Good for you two, that's awesome! I had a friend whose cat was 23 the last time I saw her, I moved but I still wonder how long he lived for. She had him since she was a toddler.
I wish my cat could live this long.  I miss him so much.
Aww. That's a lovely senior cat :3
would
Congrats
She's a beautiful calico and I wish you both many many more happy years

you or the kitty?
Well it appears that only the cat aged 22 years!
Wow.

My previous cat lasted 18 years and I thought that was long.

My current cat I rescued 5 years ago.
Both of you are cute af
She's such a cutie! I love her fur pattern
That is absolutely amazing & so cute!!!
cute cat
Sweet kitteh!
You probably get this a lot but you look exactly like Five from Dark Matter
I’m finna eat that cat
Beautiful pics you have over there but i hope guys we live till the end together...😉😉😉
And you both look adorable.
1.) Grumpy cat and girl 
2.) Grumpy cat and woman
oh my GODDDD. :D
Is that Mavado?
We have a calico mix that looks similar to yours. I hope we get that long with her.
I seen the photograph on the left somewhere before - I just can’t remember where.
When the average life span is 18 years but you say "fuck it" and stay around an extra 4+ because of the free food and occasional 5 second belly rubs. 
Wow. I didn’t even know cats could live that long. Side note, you were an adorable kid. 
I remember who you look like. Sara McMann the ufc fighter. 
How is your cat alive? I think he was swapped with a different cat.
Legend tells this wise old cat knows the meaning of life, a complete unifying theory of physics and how to mix the perfect mojito. She simply just doesn't give a fuck.
The imprint is strong in this one 
Beautiful and heart warming. Thank you.
It’s so awesome a cat can live for so long and look so healthy; must be love!
love in both yr eyes -- so beautiful!
Wow that's awesome :)
FOREVER
Neither of you look like you have aged a day
I love seeing these pics with the younger person then see how both change over the gap. Like to picture how my soon to be preteens will look when they are older.
So much love to you and your baby 
Happy happy to you both. What a gift. My girls - sisters put up with us for 26 years. Love them every day
I love you 
Cats can live that long?!
Just imagine the bond they have..
That’s an old cat
How did you get younger? Are you a wizard?
I'm so very happy to see pictures like this. I hope she stays with you for many more years.
My sweet darling kitty passed away at 22 years old last year. She was cremated the day after Christmas and she's sitting atop the mantle that she loved to jump on when she could still jump. 
I was going to say you should've worn the same thing in the 22 years later photo but then I realized there are probably very few places to find white overalls in adult sizes in 2018. 
op:my cat/my baby

cat:PUT ME DOWN HOOMAN/MOOOM PUT ME DOWN!
That cat went from cute to pissed 
I swear to god, unless you’re Danish, I think I met your spitting image yesterday... and I don’t mean the cat, although it’s gosh darn cute (tho I don’t think it likes to be held like that).
Our oldest made it to 21, practically knew it my whole cognizant life. Our others didn't make it so long but she was a calico too.
Holy shit how can a cat live that long!!
Maybe because of you
Lovely!
Almost looks like the little girl that was afraid of needles!
And both available for me and my cat. 
That cat does not want to have his picture taken
22 more years
Is this the same girl from that overly dramatic vaccination video?
I reached over to scratch my 11 year old cat's ears.
How does everyone’s cat on Reddit live to 20?  I’ve never met a 20 year old cat in my life. 
The catitude is obvious. 
She’s so adorable, and she looks like she has a lot of personality
I work in a animal shelter. Today, someone returned a 16-year-old calico cat who sat in the shelter for a long time this spring before they finally adopted her. She was originally surrendered because her owners were moving. I like her a lot. Turns out, a dog has been chasing her around constantly and causing her tons of stress. 

All this to say: thanks for posting this. I needed this today.
Happiness
That cat looks just slightly more indifferent now as she did 22 years ago. She's still a sweetheart. Heres an up-meow.
She’s got big feets 
Long live the cat. The title reminded me of Pyrocynical’s 250,000 video though.. 
I miss my calico kitty girl :[
I had my furbaby for almost 13 years. She was killed by my roommate's wolves :'[
Sup.
Many tears of happiness!  I had my first and most beloved cat from age 9 to 32.  23 years. ❤️
I hope you two keep making wonderful memories with each other!
https://i.imgur.com/xukh3Q7.jpg
You look exactly like my best friend it’s creepy 
Both of you are beautiful 
Do cats become mean when they're old?
Huh, I have that shirt
I have a calico. I heard they live long. I guess yours is proof. She is beautiful! Enjoy!
I love this! I got my calico when I was 5, and I just turned 23! I have practically the exact same picture on the right of me and my old lady.
Y'all are both real purty.
This is so beautiful. I just got my first cat a couple of years ago after wanting one ALL of my life and he is my favorite. He is everything to me and I can’t wait to share many years with him. 
I'm trying not to fight back tears.  Our Siamese Bandit is probably on his last Christmas after 15 years.  We got him shortly before Christmas 2003.  He's had a good life but going home will never be the same ever again....
What a trooper
So beautiful. That kitty has been loved and cared for.
My family recently got a kitten and reading all the "hey you're getting a cat" junk I realized my husband and I will be nearly 60 when the cat passes  if our cat lives to what the pamphlet said is average expectancy of a cat these days 💖
Wow your cat let's you touch it?
Plz tell me im not the only one who thinks she looks like dio in the first pic
Darlene?
this reminds me of my first cat love- a true gift ❤️
She is so beautiful and obviously very loved. Thank you for sharing :) 
You or the kitty? 
Time travel has really come a long way.
You're both beautiful!! 💖
I put down my cat of 18 years 3 weeks ago. Cherish every moment you have with them. Take all the photos you can.
Looks like her parents replaced her cat after it "disappeared" with one that has a brown nose.  Bet that "same" cat lives to be 31.
This made mt day. Thx reddit!
Looks so much like my calico Chloe. She passed away earlier this year at age 20. Had her since I was 7. Her purring got me through some of the toughest moments of my life. I miss her everyday. Appreciate the time you have with your beauty! 😊

Still a grumpy old kitty.  
and that fur baby is still precious!
You or the cat?
Wow, you're gorgeous!

*and you've got a pretty cute human, too.*

Edit:spelling
This is such a wonderful picture.  Thank you for sharing!
I have the same shirt but as a Pajama instead
Had twin house cats growing up. Lasted 19 years. That's definitely a big advantage over dogs. Dogs die too early.
Hope you both have many more beautiful years, together! 
Hoping for more years to both. Cat is very old now though.
22 yeqrs of love hate relationship 
My little bean is going to be around 1 year old in March 
Awesome ❤ 
Awww, how cute!

...Cat's pretty adorable, too.
Not gonna lie, I'm pretty sure your cat wants a divorce...
Looks as tired as I feel
Do you even age?
I like your face.
The cat looks like it hasn’t aged at all
How cute..
Did the cats' markings change as she aged? How common is that?
what a regal bearing, beautiful creature. cat looks nice too..
Doesn't look a day older than 21
You or the cat?
What's the difference between cat years and dog years? I hear all kinds of different things. 
[B-b-b-b-bird!](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/19/be/b9/19beb9e8debf839f23eb4173622ae9e9.jpg)
 You look like one of the editors of Highlights magazine... just watched the documentary on Netflix.

Super pretty. Oh.. You too gurl. 😊
Angry baby I love her
Both of you aged well :) 
Her long life is a testament to how much love she's gotten over the years. 
Beautiful!
My cat was about 23. He was put down earlier this year. I loved my old man kitty. 
You havn't changed much at all, neither has the cat.
Jesus he/she looks angry in the second pic
this is random but did anybody ever tell u that u look like the actress elaine cassidy? thats the first thing i noticed in this pic haha 
Wow both aged like fine wine.
I love seeing posts like this as it gives me hope that our own cat, Keanu, will be with us for a few more years. ( He’s going on 18 )
L
Purrrrfect eyebrows
Yay congrats 🎈🎉🎁
Not entirely sure who's 22 here...
Granted you’re both the same in each picture, I still have to say neither of you look any different.
Im 11 yrs old whats wrong with you?
Nope never been there; I thought I had seen it posted on the web before.  My mistake sorry.
She's a cutey
You to the cat, “I don’t know about you, but I’m feeling 22..”

The cat, to you: “Get away from me human, you’re not my real mom!”

Nah but seriously, beautiful photos, and congrats to the 22-year old cat! I had two cats - one lived to 17, the other to 14. (RIP, Dante and Connor: always will remember you both of you guys...)


And the cat doesn’t look too happy about it 
Ohh so heart warming ❤️❤️😍❤️❤️
RIP YOUR DM’s
This is great nyan :3 
What if cat died and her parents replaced it with a very similar cat. 
Truly amazing. The longevity of cats today is doubled. In the 70's and 80's a cat that lived to 10 was rare. Bless both of you.
I can't even keep a cat for 5 years. They run away or die :/
That cat really older than me though..
Ss
Russian?
What do you feed and do to your cat to keep it healthy?
How old is the cat? So old?
I hope you have many more together!
"Will you stop carrying me"
"No"
"Dang it"
Is she the girl from spy kids
Old kitty
Eyebrows on FLEEK
Are you Jewish?

The only reason I ask is because you are so gosh darn beautiful!
I hope my one cat makes it to 22. I simply adore him but I havent even had him a year yet. He and his brother (same owners, but different parents) got abandoned at my mom's animal hospital (She isnt a vet, she is the head of the front office). My sister wanted a new cat and had been hanging out with her cat for a while, and we didn't want to separate them so I got 2 cats now
The color of his/her coat is dope af
My daughter got her kitty for her 3rd birthday, and he is really the love of her life. I PRAY that she still has him when she is 25. I can't fathom how she will deal with his loss.
The bird kill count must be extraordinary.
[deleted]
What a cutie! 
That’s awesome
Okay, this photo is absolutely adorable! Gotta say though, loving the monochrome plaid shirt OP, that second photo is just awesome.
Beautiful!!! 
I love this 
My beautiful girl lived for 19 yrs. Take in every second!
I’m so envious, my girl was 16 when she passed away in March.
The cat looks so grumpy, i love it.
She's too pissed off to die. 
Aww! My calico was 22 also. Best wishes to you both.

Ps: she was not cranky but was very prissy.
Wow talk about aging well, that’s amazing
Absolutely love this!
You resemble the little girl from Paulie. My favorite movie growing up 
Damn! She grew up hot! 


The human girl in the picture looks ok too, I guess
Am I the only one here thinking why is nadal in pic 1?
ok

Well aren't you cute! The chick in the pic is okay too 
Dang that's a beautiful face you got there!!
It's kinda cool how her colors have changed.
Stick a fork in him because that cat is fucking **Done**
I like your eyebrows.
Were you 0 in the first picture? You look 22 now. Lol
You’re pretty cute. OP’s cute too.
Wanna do a double date with our cats? 
I’m 23 and you are so much more beautiful than me omg ): 
Glad she grew into her ears.
My cat lived until 26.  I thought he would never die. I’m pretty sure his last 3 years he was a zombie, his breath was dank as shit and he drooled on everything.  Found him stiff one morning.  Bent him in half and buried him in a Corona Light box.   Rest In Peace Mr. Kittles. 
She looks old 
Jeez that chicks eyebrows are on point! 
Damn ugly cat! They are the best! Makes me miss Gypsy- she lives every one of her 9 lives
I hate cats
WOW !! You were very cute as a  little girl and now Damn hot as a young woman.. holy mother of God 

PS ... I'm not a huge cat person but yeah .. your cat looks awesome
Do you not age?
I always wonder if animals that live with us daily know we "grow up & change" or just see us the same way all through their life!
Why is nobody mentioning how much of a total BABE the cats owner is?! Sheesh! What a woman! 

Oh yea... cats old and stuff
[deleted]
[deleted]
And 22 years later that cat is still tired of your shit.
[deleted]
[deleted]
r/awfuleyebrows
Yes she’s beautiful 
[deleted]
What are you gonna do when it dies?
Your eyebrows look amazing btw. 😊
Awwwww
Not sure who got cuter the cat or you!  (Finger guns, spin and exit)
[deleted]
pussys are cute
My goodness the owner is a smoke show. 
Wow!!! I love this!!! Very cool.
Please re do your eyebrows 
Giiiiiirl those brooooows 👌
Your eyebrows changed
Both parties have aged quite well.
Both of 'ya are pretty good looking!
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
