Cats bring "offerings" to people and other animals they are trying to bond with. 
Videos like this are dangerous OP.

I don't have enough time to care for a cat but whenever I see videos like this I get the overwhelming urge to go out and get one.
________

Edit: Or 2, or 5
"Here, I brought you some string."


"String is good, thank you."
He’s so cautious bringing the toy over, it’s so fuckin cute. My cats will snuggle and be sweet to each other about 30% of the time. The other 70% is them fighting or chasing each other back and forth down the length of my apartment. Usually in the middle of the night. 
I've had a terrible week, really sick of everything at the moment, and this has put a big smile on my face and really warmed my heart, I know you don't want to hear about a strangers problems and such, but thankyou for sharing this post, it's really made a difference to me

Edit: I can't believe how much this has blown up, thankyou everyone, this really is a caring and beautiful community we have here x
Ur in dire need of cable management 
That's one smart kitten using their smarts for good. 
This is incredibly sweet.

...now if only my husband would let me get one 🙁
You have the same kitty fountain we have. My kitties love ours. 
I own brothers, and when they were young one of them would get these little hair ball coughing fits. The other one always stopped what he was doing and go be near him. A few times he put his little kitty arm around the coughing one’s back. I wish I had it on film, I almost died the first time I saw him do it. 
i LOVE looking at the backs of kitties’ heads 😩 there’s something just so adorable about the shape of it
This little baby will grow up to be the world’s first feline UN Ambassador. 
[deleted]
My cat takes my socks from the laundry and puts them in the sink, bathtub, toilet...anywhere there might be water. Refuses to explain why.
My family has an old (probably 18-19 years old) cat and all his life he has been super shy and will run at the slightest bit of attention. However, we adopted 2 kitten brothers who are full of energy and love attention. Since then, we have seen a huge character shift in our old man cat to the point that he lets us pick him up and hold him with no complaints.
My male cat does that! He carries his toy (a bit of chenille) all around the house while meowing loudly until he finds one of his sisters to give it to as a present. When the sister walks away from it, he picks it up and stalks her until the gift is accepted 
Black cats will forever have a special place in my heart. My people give them away or abandon them because of the superstitious traits following them. 

My girlfriend has an all black cat, Luna, and she’s about 4 years old now. She’s so timid and deathly afraid of everything. It makes my heart hurt knowing that she’s living in constant fear, I just want her to feel comfortable in her own home. I’ve loved her since the day I laid eyes on her and won’t ever stop. 
Older older brother 🤔
Aww sweet baby
He's sharing his prey!  That is such a gesture of love.
Gifsthatendtoosoon :(
This is the cutest thing ever!! Thank you for having room in your home for a fearful shy old guy!! Warms my heart.
Does shy kitty have a place to go "up"? Cat shelving, cat tree, etc. Perching above can help fearful cats gain confidence.
My heart!
We found a tiny kitten outside of our house and kept him. He’s been tormenting my sweet senior kitty for the last 9 months. I sure wish he were like this. 😭 
r/sneakybackgroundfeet
Those wires are a fire hazard. 😲

Cute kitties tho!

Edit: And the wires are next to a water bowl?! God no.
:)
Now that is just precious!
Those cables hurt to see
😩
Clean up those exposed cables
FIRE HAZARD CORDS
This looks exactly like my cat who had cerebral palsy, he is the sweetest creature who ever walked the earth. He walked like he had tape on his feet and all he wanted was love. He also had a tendency to sleep on my face.
This is five minutes too short. 
AWWW!!
My golden retriever constantly brings her toys to her older brother, except she does it to show them off and never lets him actually have them...
that behavior is the one selfless caring thing kittycats do. Almost everything they do benefits them, but every once in a while they find a little present and bring it to you, or another cat, or a kitten (which i assume is the real source of the behavior). Just when I get totally sick of the snooty cat, they will bring me their favorite toy and drop it on my foot and wait for me to play with it.

&#x200B;

of course sometimes the present is a skinned mouse, or a damp wad of dryer lint with bits of cat food stuck to it, but it's the thought that counts.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
I got my first pet (as an adult, as in not pets I had growing up) when I was 30. My husband took me to the shelter to pick one out, and I chose a 6 month old, terrified, little light-orange kitty girl. The first YEAR  we had her she lived under our bed. She NEVER came out in the day time. Her food and water had to be under the bed or she wouldn’t eat or drink. I couldn’t stomach the idea of a litter box under my bed, so I placed it nearby and she only used it when we weren’t nearby. About a year later we brought home a tiny kitten we got from a friend. After watching the kitten and how she behaved for a couple days our older kitty came out to our living room and comfortably laid down in front of us!!! The next day she sat near us on the couch. The day after that she played with a toy. We don’t know what happened to her before we got her, but she clearly needed someone from he own species to teach her how to cat. She is still jumpy, but she is happy and loves her spot on the family couch, and always gets special love and attention from me and her dad. 

We don't deserve animals 
Bröther, are you still upset with me ?
Look at me bröther. Here's a string to make up for it.
Definitely the sweetest thing I've seen today! 
Were they spooked by something right before? Both their tails look puffy...
r/gifsthatendtoosoon
[Hmm...](https://i.imgur.com/nzxbK.png)
My cat use to have her own lil loot box. I had a shoebox in my closet, empty, with no lid. My cat would store interesting objects like pop bottle caps,  that plastic strip you’d pull off of orange juice cartons, anything small and shiny. Since we’ve moved a few years ago she stopped collecting.
Cats are cute, but I like dogs more, but cats too, but dogs, cats?
 Those wires! My God fix those wires!

*edit typo
Does anyone have a mirror? Videos not loading on mobile site.
What breed are these kittys? They are super poofy and cute
Too cute. 
That electrical strip with the cords all over the place screams fire hazard to me. I have parents who are originally from a part of the world where the electrical grid isn't so stable so yeah I was raised to see things like that as a potential death trap. 
Awww we have that water fountain too! 
Cute!
Whereupon the brother immediately flips said toy into the air and runs away with a huge, bushy tail..

cute video!!
Really wonderful video.

Thank you for sharing
/r/gifsthatendtoosoon 
hes trying to teach him to hunt lol.  cutie patootie. 
wtf why is the kittens tail so poofy and cute
Love that soft, encouraging little boop on the head he gives his brother after dropping the toy in front of him. And then he seems to start to settle down on the other end in hopes of a bit of play?
What kind of cat is the brown and black one? He looks so fluffy and soft.
gotta get those cables sorted
Cats are the best ♥️
Now we wait for the idiots at r/whyweretheyfilming to take this.
So cute
My heart just exploded.  So cute.
Yeah we get the older brother is older 
WE DONT DESERVE CATS!! 

And they know it ;)
And people say cats are emotionless and evil.
This is something my baby cat does to her older sister (they're the same age, but baby cat was the runt of the litter although now she's fierce as anything) - she'll bring over toys to show her how they 'work' as the older one doesn't like unexpected noises so she needs to see if the toys make any noise before playing with them. 
Cats that love each other are the best. 
That’s it I am getting a cat. Way too cute!
My heart is having a hard time handling this. I should probably call in sick tomorrow.
WHAT A SWEET BABY
OMG
Man, his tail is so thick.

So cute!
Yes I have 2 female cat's they are sister's Fessie the smaller one has to sleep on my head every night lol now I can't fall asleep without her doing this to me lol but she and puggy her sis caught a mouse in the basement that was brought to me on my chest in the middle of the night . Wtf it's like they were saying look mom !! We brought you a gift to say thanks for loving us lol. Cats are very funny creatures to say the least.
Obligatory: OMG how cute!

Also /r/gifsthatendtoosoon

Don't get me wrong, I just would have liked to have seen the older brother's reaction.
I have that exact same toy OP. It was given to me when I adopted my cat, where'd you get yours?
He even gave him a kiss at the end. 
This is actually cute NGL
Your kitten is adorable and a sweetheart!
This is the wholesome content I love :’)
This is so cute my heart hurts
Just a side note about the shy and fearful kitty (and idk if this is mentioned anywhere in this thread. If so I apologize for the repetition). I would try your shy guy on some cbd for pets. I'm a human that cbd has helped a lot with anxiety and mood. I know several people (even my doctor) who give it to their pets, and it's made a huge difference in their pets' stress levels. Look into it...Thanks for sharing your furbaby video, it's precious.
Must be something about that specific toy because my cat, who doesn't like any thing, loves that toy. She packs it around like it's her child. 
That is so sweet. I've never seen a cat do that before.
That is so sweet awe.
Are they full brothers, not half-brothers? If they are full brothers. I didn't know it was possible for one cat to have a tabby coat and one to be all the same color. Can that happen? I know people call cats with different fathers who are in the womb at the same time with each other siblings, but they technically aren't full siblings. I haven't been able to find out if it is common at all for cats with the same mother and father to have extreme differences in the type of coat.
You forgot to mention he's the older brother.
Catit fountain! Ours took a while but now loves hers 👍
The older brother has reason to be fearful hes afraid the house gunna burn down because of that fire hazard of a outlet mess. 
Older ... older brother. 
I'm going to cry. Animals are way too good for this world.
That is just way too adorable. Did you recently get the kitten? I'm sure it'll help the older bro cat to socialize and learn to do cat stuff. :)
Omggggg ‘hey! I love you! Want to see my new toy??’
i love how he looks at him
My kitten bites everyone and terrorizes my older cat. :(
Hes like isnt this neat lets play
Peace offering
We got the same thing!! It came with that water flower you see in thebackground.  So cute!
Wholesome. 
Respect for his elder I love it 
[deleted]
Hey, I have the same water fountain. It is great, and the only fountain my cat likes to drink from. 

For the longest time she would only drink from a running tub faucet and no matter what I did she wouldn't drink from anything else. I think part of why she actually drinks from that fountain now is because the height is just right for her to get to it. 
This is the cutest damn thing I've seen all day!
We like when animals display human like behaviour. The same will go for machines one day. 
Beautiful moment :)) 
Cutest thing I have ever seen hands down!!! 
More!!
Nice hardwoods 
Now you play....PLAY!
So he's a scaredy cat. 
"Check my toy out, bro!"  
"I'm not feelin' it."
Oh my :)
Kitten loves his big brother!
Checks out. This is adorable. 
Wow that is a big kitten 
[deleted]
r/gifsthatendtoosoon
He wants his friend to play with him.
I am glad people of reddit enjoy cats as much as I do. :)
This is adorable! Damn, now I want a cat. 
Nice mess of cables 
Such a sweet kitty! ❤️ 
Eeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!
Is he older though?
Gonna have to ask for a backstory on why the cat is so skittish.. not liking where this is headed for you....
The way he/she is distracted by the toy
First of all, I have that toy as well for my two kitties.

&#x200B;

Second of all, I agree that that is one of the cutest damn things I've seen. 
He is afraid of The Cable Demon!
Which one is older?
I also have a shy shadow fluff of knives
Holy fuck that's adorable.
want one 😭 
Ours have this toy, the love it! Cute video and even cuter cats
I had a small black fluffy cat that hasn’t come home in several weeks and he reminds me of him :( adorable 
May I suggest covering those wires? I have a close friend whose cat electrocuted itself.
We have that same water fountain except the flower is pink!
Omg so sweet ♥️🎅🏻🐈
He's so old you gotta say it twice 
My cat won’t touch that water fountain, wound up giving it away. 
Your user name is my Birthday! Also, that's the cutest thing I've ever seen. 
His fluffy tail is awesome. Like a fox tail. 
That toy pack from Wal-Mart was the best purchase I've ever made
We had the same toy, it finally broke, our Data boy loved to play fetch with it.
Our one cat would not do that,  he is stingy lol
D A R K N E S S  BRÖTHER
So cute. Your cate is nice.
This is super sweet. The comments make me really grateful for the shelter cat I adopted. She does absolutely nothing. She loves everyone and everything- except kids, but I don't blame her because I don't like them either. I can't believe she was there for an entire year and no one wanted her. Sucks for everyone who passed her up.
My cat Rose is obsessed with that same toy. You jingle the bell and she will wake from a dead sleep to come get her toy.
Sometimes cats can be assholes, but then other times, they can be adorable and sweet just as much.

This made me really go awww <3
So cute.
im so upset im not letting either of these cats right now
That’s really cute, I was worried they would have run away
My bun taught my rescue bun how to play with toys. It was the sweetest thing ❤️
Oh. My. This. Is. The. Cutest. Shit. Ever. 
What a good kitty! 
Your grey is a perfect sweetheart. Thank you for this.
Foot
What breed of cats are those?? The brown one's tail is so pretty!
Your black cat looks like a soot sprite!
i dont know the name of the subreddit 
just saw this video and my expression was "aww"
after seeing the subreddit name 
Coincidence at it's work
You have 2 cute floofs my heart feels warm 
Why is the other cat like that?
Our cat has a toy with a cat in the hat on the end, and he always brings it to us when he wants us to play with it for him.  It’s adorable 
What kind of cat is the one that's bringing the string? I like his tail
You're one brave soul to be having those open wires around a young cat lol. Kudos for bravery!
This was my kittens favorite toy when we first brought him home, it was the only one he would play with (he had an awful car ride home) Walmarts cheap cat toys coming through again. 
Hold up. You got one of those running water cat waterers too?! I love mine. I never forget to water the cat now bc the thing makes this horrible noise when it even thinks about going low. Also the cat enjoys it more then her cup
I have pregnancy hormones and this made my cry tears of cute.
Idk. Looks like the shy cat is more concerned about guarding those flops
The sweetest thing I've seen all day
“ brother, I have brought string. Take it brother”

So sweet!
This guy cat, look at all the cat gears on the floor 
I can’t handle the cute of this.
That tail! It's so fluffy and lush!
r/eyebleach
Sneaky foot
r/eyebleach
Awww this is so fucking CUTE!!!!!!
That’s so sweet! 😭
The only thing I see is that power cord fire hazard 😲
I have the same water fountain!
I love everything about this I want more cats 3 just isn't enough 
"and with this, together, we will take over the world"
My gf and I have 4 cats together. The first we got and had it by itself for a year. It wasn’t super social but loved us but didn’t play much. We got a second kitten after we moved to a new state and immediately the older cat became more social. Not we adopted 2 more about 4 months ago and each cat is now the most social I’ve seen, and it makes for some great video content!
“Wait, these are shoes; oh here you are!”
My heart 
“Bro do you see that? What issss that?”
Good kitten!
Dyatlov pass mystery. Super creepy. 
My bad kitty brought me a headless rat last night. :/ put it on the porch by the door.
Is that a toy snake?
Sharing the kill!
Our kitten has that exact same toy.  She loves it dearly and won't let us touch it.  Our older cat couldn't care less.
I have that same Catit water fountain! Love it!
How entertained are your cats with that ball tube thing on the right in the video? I've debated on getting one for a while. 
Yeah, the deathtrap of electrical cords really steals the show.
"Bruuuuh, look at THIS shit!"
This is pretty darn cute.
That’s animals being bros right there. 
Awwww 
I love your kitty water fountain. Mine uses it only when it’s got super fresh cold water and NOT with the flower attached. But they’re great!
Adorable, also I had the same water fountain for my old kitty. She loved it.
I had the same flower pot! My cats loved it, I'm getting them a new one for christmas
This reminds me when I'm discovering new things with my friends
More of these two please
Heckin W H O L E S O M E content
oh man, my heart! so cute!
That floof tail!
that kitten is beautiful. so stocky!
This is the cutest thing ever. 
Ma heart, ma soul 😭❤️
what a cute little potatoe :3
Omg such cuteness!!❤️❤️❤️
This is actually the sweetest thing 😍
These literally look exactly like my cats who did the exact same thing, the new kitten brought a toy to the older black cat. Crazy coincidence?
Aww that’s adorable 
That is darling
Marry me black kitten...
I have the exact same water fountain for my cats. 
u/December2nd why is your name my birthday 
This will probably get drowned out by all the other comments, but my 14 year old cat has been super skittish her entire life, we got some feliway diffusers (2 cover the whole house), and she has chilled out a lot since. There are probably other brand, this is just the one I use. There are also sprays, wipes, and collars. The collars have been known to hurt cats before, but the sprays and wipes are supposed to work well, I haven't tried them yet though.
Have that same fountain. 
My cat used to have that exact toy when he was little, but he’s worn it out. 
I wish my cats would do that
This is incredibly cute. And their fur is so beautiful! 
This is incredibly cute. And their fur is so beautiful! 
I just saw this literally after watching a thing about lions my David Attenborough, cats have a really tight bond and look out for each other, other prides (cats) though - not so much! The similarities between big cats and our pets are amazing.
We have the exact same toy for my kitten and he drags it all around the house the same exact way!!😍
Ever heard of a Fire HAZARD////???????
This is absolutely precious, omg. 😍
See bruda, no fear. 
Cool
So, so sweet. 
my heart ..
I can't see it. I'm I stupid? Evil? Just on mobile?
So preciousness omg 
Too cute. 
Lurker here, this warmed my heart
My heart melted. Thank you.
Wholesome Sunday Awww-ness, right here
Tidy that cabling!
Tidy that cabling!
Tidy that cabling!
Yeah that’s very sweet ❤️
So sweet :3
So cute! 😻
❤
So precious ❤️
r/gifsthatendtoosoon
My heart....
Those cords are scary... Especially encouraging play with like shaped toys.
I have a 6yo cat who is also scared of everything! I just got a kitten who forced her way into The Elder's heart. I have been amazed at the confidence that has come out of the older one with the companionship of a fiesty kitten. Bonds can overcome anything.  
https://www.reddit.com/r/sneakybackgroundfeet/
That is so cute and so adorable. 😁😙😚☺🤗😸😽
r/gifsthatendedtoosoon 
Heeeey we have that same water fountain :D. It's my sole duty to clean and refill the damn thing on a weekly basis... haha. Love this vid :-)
That's cute all all but damn u need to do something about that cable management. 
That is sssooo cute!!!!!
The floof of that tail is amazing.
That mess of cords is killing me inside
I’m surprised the older cat is so docile. Usually they are very aggressive 
I once had a dream of being bit by a cobra. I even felt it. Then a really hard nip. I open my eyes to see out kitty looking at me. Turned out that I had slept past her usual feeding time. Daphne was the most beautiful Siamese\Himilayian. She adored the big yellow Lab. 
AWWWEEEE MY HEART!!
Holy octapus, Batman!
What happened after that? Did big brother start playing with the toy?
Which one is older?
A shy black cat?! Never met one of those.
Awww i wish my older cat would put up with the younger one more often. 
Cat picks up toy and sets it down, 100k upvotes lol
So very sweet :D

Beautiful cats, too.
I had the same toy. Cat ate the part to play with.
I just got that same toy for the baby kitten I rescued off a crack head looking to find her a home.

I wish my grumpy/shy old man took her trying to share so well as yours
My cat used to bring me gifts from the outside, and some of those were still moving!
That's so sweet! People who say cats are aloof and independent, must have had minimal interaction with them!
I’m Sorry 😐 about that
This is so adorable
Aww. This is so sweet.

I don't know if you're in the USA or not, but have you considered having a Veterinary Behaviorist consult? It's not fun to live in fear. Behavior modification and psychotropics can help increase quality of life.
So cute I would take that kitten if it was for sale Its so cute that i would buy it for 100$
Soooooooo cute
Is he older?
What breed is that. Why is it so big?
FLUFFY
Ooh I have that water fountain! Aren’t they awesome??
Also you’re kitten is so sweet 💕
r/likeus 
Awwww...  what a sweet kid!  <3
He wanted to play 😿

Also, have you considered asking the vet to rx something? Benzos like clonazepam and diazepam are wonderful for kitties. So is Benadryl. Incredibly cheap too.

Prozac and amitriptyline are good too. Phoebe won't touch it. She knows I laced her tuna juice. But benzos dissolve very easily w little taste so she gobbles that up.

Being shy isn't fun 😿 but medication really helps. Don't be afraid to discuss this with your vet and discuss the shy behavior.

If you go the benzo route, please ask that they rx small doses. Big benzo pills tend to crumble, even with a pill divider razor blade. 

For most things, Phoebes is great with 1.25 of valium/diazepam and .125 of clonazepam/clonopin 

For things like vet visits, fireworks, and other big stressors, I up it to 2.5 of diazepam or .33 of clonopin. Just crush it, but it in tuna juice. But beware, they become an eating machine. Benzos make cats & dogs ravenously hungry. It's actually a part of treatment for when they're recovering from gut or tummy issues and need an appetite stimulant.
Wish I wasn’t allergic to cats!  
Little Sweetheart. 
Y SO SERIOUS?
Is this a sex toy of sorts?
Cats are so god damn cute im gonna get one even if im allergic, who made them so cute?!?!
How sweet! 
Careful with that water fountain. Nasty stuff gets clogged in the pump, be sure to dismantle and clean it. Also, the filter really doesn't do much so don't rely on it.
Anyone know what toy that is?

My kitten used to have that same toy! She loved it but it has gotten lost somewhere in the house. Anyone know where I could find a replacement? It came in a multipack of various toys, but I got it as a gift and the the gift-er cannot remember where they got it. 
Sweet.
my heart is offically full today 
Cuteness!
I wanted there to be 1000 comments, so hi!
My friend gave my cat the exact same toy. 
/r/animalsbeingbros
Whats up with the older cat? Why so shy and fearful?
So sweet!  💖🐈
Anyone have a mirror? This garbage server isn’t loading.
She is so cute 😍
"Bruuuuh, look at THIS shit!"
Cuteness overload.
Sort those cables out.
>older brother

what?
I’m watching this on December 2nd 
You said older twice 
He is so shy and fearful, that he is older twice 
So so so precious 
This isn't cute or amazing at all
Very frustrating that this video won't play.
Most of me is going "aww".
The other part is going "Dear lord someone please fix that power bar situation".
Holy hell that powerstrip...
I’m more concerned about your cord maintenance than the cat offering. 
[deleted]
What does the title even mean I can’t work it out?
Where’s the cuteness? 

It’s literally a cat dragging something to another cat. 

Cute... but clean up your house bro.  
Is he older?
really.............this gets upvoted????
So we’re just going to ignore the fact that the cats eat off sheets of tinfoil? 🤷‍♂️
