I also like that you had to distract him with a treat because he would have instantly tried to bite the paper (:
Just saw the vaccination post and your comment, you have an awesome dog!
Oh my gosh. This cloud is perfection. 
Pretty sure that pupper would eat his own mouth given the chance.  He's basically a white, fluffy Nibbler.
At least SOMEBODY's vaccinating their kids!!!!!!
I'm going to go home and pet my dog now. 
[deleted]
For the people who didn’t see the [the vid he is referencing](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/a19uwa/fluffy_cloud_is_given_a_vaccine/?st=JP25HGRU&sh=c180002f) 
10/10 good boy! Would pet & cuddle!💙💙
I'm from England and 'bummer' is a really bad but funny name for gay men here.  
I'm convinced you made that cushion out of one of his weekly sheddings.
Can we as a sub become fairy dog parents to this floof?? I want to send him presents for the rest of his life omg.
Bummer?  I hardly even know her!!
Vicious floof vandalizes property
Why is it so cute
What is he?
/r/doggohate
I just saw the comment on the other video, and just saw you posted this a minute ago, that timing was so good, I love UR DOG!!!! so fluffy
Internet points, bro.

&#x200B;

You couldn't resist. :)
“Fuck your sign.”-the dog
That fucking sign is sooo cringey I became autistic
My grandparents had a Samoyed when I was a wee lad, and I grew with with American Eskimoes. They're all clouds, and are made of floof and happiness. (Seriously, though, Sammies and Eskies are adorkable dogs with great personalities.)
Cloud hurls tree fragment through the sky.

Bummer is such a polite boy for thanking everyone.
Do you have another named Lazarus?
I don’t know Bummer, but I would absolutely die for him. 10000/10 best boy. 
YOU ARE SOOO CUTE AND SUCH A GOOD BABY!! 
His response lacks sincerity.  I THINK YOU PUT HIM UP TO IT!!
r/cringe at that sign
A fluffy cloud of good boy!!!
This is the happiest bummer I have ever experienced.
That’s a bummer.
Samoyed dogs seem like real life cartoon characters.
soo fluffy!
Is there a reason you named him Bummer?
I want one of these puppies so bad. Samoyed right? They are really expensive though! just seen some one for 2000$
80% fluff 20% woof
My dog talks like an adult.  
Downvoted for karma farming.
That dog is a cheat code. Instant upvotes
Why owner has to write like shit
Talk about whoring your dog for like, Jesus christ
Please stop with the incredibly cringe sign... otherwise, cute dog
"Henlo" is cancer and doesn't even make sense
Every time I see a pet with a sign I think - This person has no kids.
r/circlejerk
Classic Samoyed eating/playing with anything in front of their face
I'm sorry but I have to down vote. This dog doesn't give a shit that you gave him a shot or that you are video taping him to put on the internet. 
Seems more like "mommy wommy dozent wanna gwow up and wants sum mowe vawidation and attention"
You’ve posted his trip to the vet at least three times in the past 165 days, why?
They’re so unbelievably cute, I want one D:
A very cute floof !
Beautiful dog there! Quite playful too, 
He is adorable! 
You are lucky to have such a cute dog
Big Bumby is the best of boys 
What a good pupppy :)!!!
Cute dog
He's such a gorgeous good boy. 

"This treat is nice and all, but OH MY GOD, IS THAT *PAPER?!!*"
He's adorable and he knows it!
What a good bear
He's so great!
Goddamn that's a big boy.
im in love with this cloud dog
Your dog looks like a plushie. He's so cute!
Soft pets and good boys to you, kind pup. 
Can I borrow your dog ? Forever?
Sweet good boy!
That’s a nice cloud.
This is so precious <3
Samoyed?
That’s pretty fucking cute 
Ugh, my heart just melted. 
I'm not sure if he likes the treat or the sign
I would have to ask you if I could pet your dog if I saw him.
Bummer is a very good boy.
Why is his name bummer? 
Yeah get that card! Very cool dog indeed. 
samoyed's are so cute! So fluffy I love them
Oh, bummer!
Link to previous post?
LOL reminds me of a cat when it started to lose attention and flipping that sign.

If I ever get a sammy I'm naming it Cotton Candy.
Oh my sweet baby Jesus this dog is so precious. I just wanna squish him! I need a Samoyed in my life 
Why is his name Bummer?
Samoyed!!🤙
OMG, he is huggable 
What a beaut
I love that he tries to eat the sign 
this was the best part of my day. 
That dog looks cleaner than me..and I just showered.
Bummer is so pure. I love him
That sign had it coming let's be honest.
A GOOD BOY!!!
Why do people make dogs talk that way?
im in love rn
not to be dramatic but I would die for him
Damn what did you not get enough karma? Thirsty much?
He is cloud 9. 
Why do people need to write stupid shit next to their dogs?
this is so cringey I can't handle it
here we can see the karma farmer in his natural environment, tending to his crops.
cringe
Oh no... He's autistic now...
OP is just here to claim more karma.
I’m crying, the way he just throws the paper around. He’s so fluffy. ♥️♥️♥️😭
He’s adorable. 10/10 would snuggle puppy cloud
That sign is directly for r/doggohate. 
Oh god the sign...
get it
Well that's. just. great... Bears. Hear that,  Ed? Now you're putting the whole station in jeopardy. 
You know he ripped the shit out of that paper as soon as the paws came out
Bummer and Lazarus were two very famous San Franciscan dogs.  Does the namesake come from that?
Now we know what you do with all his shredded fur....
Presumably you knew what you were doing when you gave him that name
Awwww it was precious!!!
Pampered bummer!
Bummer is best floofy doogie!
You're welcome!! 
B I G B U M B Y 
Soo cuteee
He’s just the best baby ever
I’m going to need to take your dog home. Please and thank you.  
I want your cloud. I need a cloud. 
I want to pet so bad!
Tell Bummer I love him.
Hi Bummer.  You're the cutest :D :D
This dog is a blessing

Vicious cloud attacks piece of paper.
This dog makes the feel like the happiest I've felt in ages 😭😭😭 I love him please give him a hug for me!
I had a crap day and both your videos helped cheer me up. Thank you from the bottom of my heart 
I've been following bummer's instagram since the last time you guys posted here, glad to see he's as cute as ever!
His ears are good. 
That's a fluffy and cute bummer you got there. 
Please let him know I love him
Maybe because I’m high, but I was waiting for him to flip around the sign and show a different message.
... My god I love him. 
nice video
r/animalsbeingderps would love this
What breed is this floof ball ? I keep seeing em but I don't know the breed !
My heart just melted 😍😍😍 
I was expecting him to flip over the sign to show another message
The fluff is strong with this one. 
These are my favorite color dogs😍😍😍
I need you to do me a favor and give your dog the love I am sending him through this phone. 
I hope you have told him that he was a VERY good boy
Oh my god 😍
Lol\~smart dog XD
I love him.
So cute...
I like people who follow-up!
it's very handsome !!!

&#x200B;
Good boy! 
He's adorable....Is he a Husky? If not what is he? How big is he supposed to get? I love the looks of him...precious. I had a husky years ago. She passed away. (she was 17 yrs old) 
Oh! Oh no. I can't!
So cute
Aaaaah can I cuddle him, please? 😍
/u/gottaglow dat fluff tho haha
Dang, I thought there would be a message behind and you had trained him to flip it around.

That would have been one smart dog.
You can't call a dog Bummer where I come from...
You: Dog. 
Me, an intellectual: Goofy Floof.
Seriously interested to see if any anti-vaxx folks are worried about your dog getting autism. 
No he doesn’t. He can’t 
I would do anything to cuddle that dog right now. I'm so worried about exams I feel all my worries would melt away. 
my dog, Arsebandit, loved this video
He needs a huge cuddle for being awesome! 
He's so precious, what's his breed?
Doesn't seem too appreciative 😤
So damned cute just saw both, your floof is so adorable, barely even registered the shot too :)
Someone stop that dog, he’s hurting big bumby 
This is the karma pupper
Stupid human I don't spell like this, I'm going to destroy this shit
Destructive floof ❤️
Why is making the dog talk like it’s mentally challenged cute
He’s like “heck this stupid sign”
[removed]
He really did is best what a good boi
You are the cutest poof, Bummer! 
Congratulations on your new social media dog. Make sure to pay your taxes.
What an awesome name for a dog 
Can this dude be the new logo for r/aww plz
Make sure Bummer tells Jenny McCarthy that he’s not autistic now. 

Then shit on her lawn. Like a BIG shit. 
I need a video AMA of this dog where it's just him biting question cards.
Whyd ya have to make that sign? Damnit
I see a Karma grab
Watch out! I’ve heard vaccines cause pawtism!
"woof!"

translation: please rename me
Y’all need to pump the fucking brakes
yawn
[deleted]
He’s a floof cloud who spells like Geoffrey the Giraffe, what’s not to love? Glad he’s healthy and vaxxed! ♥️
Omg everything he does is cute
Man, looking through your posts. This dog really rakes in the karma for you.
This shit is just as cringey as furries
Did you get him as a replacement for the one you skinned to use as a bed throw?
What did you do in your previous life to deserve him OP?
Now make a thank-you video for 2 front page posts in a day <3
So fluffy...I wanna pet it. Just saw your comment as well lol adorable dogo 
Such a floofy snoot!
That dog is a cheat code. Instant upvotes
Him fighting that paper tells me that he doesn't approve you using him for sweet internet points.
i wan gib dog scronches
Vaccinations cause autism and contain mercury. Even for your pets, it is really not a good idea. Also I have no brain and I eat rocks.
omg you vaccinated your dog???? do you know ow dangerous that is? there have been many cases where the AIDS virus has been given out in the form of a "vaccination"!
(this is a joke please don't hurt)
He’s a very good boy. ❤️
The dog is thinking "why'd you write it like that, you know that I'm fluent in five languages. Damnit, Martha, the internet thinks I can't spell."
So in fact vaccines really give autism! Your dog got vacced and you caught autism OP. I'm sorry for you.
His autism is already kicking in
Missed out on some hefty karma from earlier. I don’t blame you for trying to recoup.
Silly Bummer said to heck with the treat I wanna eat my sign!
so damn fluffy... what breed is he? 
Is Bummer an American Eskimo or Samoyed? 
Beautiful puppy baby, thanks and is your puppy a white Chow  ? Anyways thanks
Fa Fa Fluffy. 
Is it just me or is this dog like one of those machines where you put money in to watch it do somthing? 
How are you not going to link the vaccination video?
Is that the broccoli-pizza-dog???
How’s you domesticate a cloud!? 
Bummer says fuck this paper
Hiiii Bumby!
And a new reddit mascot pet is born
Oh my God I think I'm going to cry
I vote big bumby to be reddits official floof boi 
I just... I just want to hug it.
BUMBY!! U SO AWESOME!
Bumby, sweetheart! 
“Is this food?”
your dog is awesome!!
I just snuggled my good boy 💖 yours is a cutie! 
Nice dog :)
In Russian Samoyed means "self-eater". If I was in his place, I'd eat myself because my body would look like a bun. 
Looks like that RV cats got some competition.
I originally didn’t upvote the vaccination post but I had to go back and updoot after I saw this!
Adorable and great you aren’t an anti-vaxer, kidding no one really is they are just pro+death
I thought he was gonna turn the paper around and there would be another message... the suspense was killing me. 
I upvoted cause I have the same Breed but your is somehow much fluffier

We don't have pet spas and stuff here. And my dog is bit of a prick anyways
Hi Bummer. I like your name. 
I love this dog
Did he get his name from the kids' book *Claude the Dog?*
Any suggestions on where to adopt a Samoyed?
I love and want to squeeze him
So cute, convinced me  to own my own Bummer
Adorable
🤩
Bummer lol
Is he a Samojed or what race is this? 
What kind of dog is this??
 ಥ﹏ಥ
/u/ReyhanSadin 
I hope you live in the Arctic with a dog that fluffy!
I seriously can’t express how genuinely happy this dog makes me. 😍😍
"Oh a toy"
What kind of dog is he?
my heart feels full
Yas I love everything about this 
He is a clear candidate for dog vaccinations!
Yea good boy, chew that card up
What breed of dog gives you a cloud?
(:
Brave Bummer, told you it ain't hurt, right? 
BIG BUMBY!
So lovely puppy
cuteness alert
Omg Why does he go for the paper?? Lol is he just a destructive cloud?
Why is this pillow moving?!
What a massive boy
You called your dog....bummer?
What breed of dog is that? Sooo fluffy I love it!
OP are you trying to spread diabetes because this video is too sweet 
Beautiful little cloud
Is this dog named after Emperor Norton's dog, Bummer?
[deleted]
He looks like a very fluffy good boy. I love him
CoconutRiceBear has some competition!
He’s so gorgeous! I’d want to play with him all day everyday :) 
Why would you call this beauty bummer?
Rich looking dog! But more than that, he is really a darling.
Are you Lazarus, or does Bummer need a pal?
HI GIANT FLUFFBALL
He was so quick in destroying the paper.
He’s so precious
Nice Dog, looks like an ice beer. Unique
Which breed is He ?
I can watch him doing this whole day.
Found you through this SR. Followed you for the pup vids. 
Damn I miss my Sams. 
SOOO cute!!
I love how you coordinated your sheets and your dog
Is your dogs name Bummer? Does it mean the same in the US as it does in the UK? 
Its so fluffy i want to die!
He is so freakin cute! ❤❤❤
I assume your second dog was skinned for the rug then? 
Good cloud (:
The best decision of my life was to start using reddit.
"Fuck you Reddit sign" 
K
What a wonderful cloud 
I think Bummer just got featured on 9gag's Instagram account. Followed. Congratulations :) good boy got featured. 
Why is his name Bummer?
Don’t look like he does he’s eating the paper...
Another occidental psycho who confuse dog and god ... 😢
Beautiful puppy and you can tell how lovable he is. I got a Samoyed about 5 months ago and he’s currently away for a week long training session - seeing your video made me realize how much I miss him after just one day. 
Aww .. what a cutie
nice
In awe at the size of this absolute unit 
THAT'S A GOOD BOY
Is that a Sammy? They're so adorable!!!
I really wish I can pet a Samoyed I want to know what their fur feels like
how can a dog be this cute, like seriously this must be illegal!!! i love him so much. 
What breed is the cloud 
" I didn't write dis"
That paper is obviously to blame for the new sore spot. Rawr!!! 
It's so fluffy I wanna dieeee
Can someone please tell me what kind of dog he is!
im in love rn
Enjoy your karma
What breed of dog is it?
Nom nom nom

Dat karma double dip. Masterful play
Oh I love him
Why so cute
So cuuuute
We want more videos !!!!
Did you by chance name your doggo after a dog from the childrens book called Claud the Dog?
A true munching beast 
He is good
go Bumby
(:
Your welcome bummer!
Top ten best sequels!
Haha you'd get alot of weird looks calling for that dog in the U.K
This is the first time I saw 100k upvotes
Why was he name Bummer?
So cuuute 🥺
Ahh Fluffy Cloud!

L
I love you, fluffy ball of joy!
Owner feed me snack. Then sign I attack.
Way to go, floof!
I want to hug him. Big Bumby iz good boy!
Such an adorable lil cloud pupper!
Great, just freaking great--your poor dog OBVIOUSLY has autism now.. I mean just *look* at him! What a shame. Certainly hope you're happy with yourself.
Just saw the vaccination post and your comment, you have a great karma farm.
Why would you name him  bummer
You realise Bummer is a gay slur in the UK right?
Lookin pretty autistic to me... lol
What a nice floofer. 
Such a good floof cloud.
Karma Cloud!
~~~ON PATROL FOR ANTI-VAXERS DO NOT BE ALARMED~~~
Thanks floofer buddy.
They keep that fuzzy comforter around so he knows what's in store if he gets out of line.
Is it just me, or is he beginning to show signs of autism? /s
I’d pet the shit out of that dog
Too precious 😭
I have been following BummersBlunders for a bit, he's just so adorable and lifts my spirits every time he's in my feed!
Very nice sploof
WHY IS HE SO CUTE? WHY THE SKY SUDDENLY BRIGHTER? WHY LIFE IS SUDDENLY GOOD?
Henlo fren
it's like cotton candy with a mouth omg (':
The dog is adorable but the dumb baby talk really needs to stop. If Scooby Doo taught us anything it's that a dogs grasp on English is fine, they just can't say 's' that well.
Ew, henlo. Why do you think your dog is an idiot?
I literally just upvoted\watched that video a few seconds ago and got a notification about this post as soon as I finished.  
This is the cloud that got the vaccin! Omg, i upvoted the crap out of it 
What kind of cloud/dog is this? I want one 
Using Samoyeds for Karma is cheating... let me go grab Luna 😊
No offense but I would die for Bummer. 
[deleted]
Does Bummer have an Instagram? Asking as a potential follower. 
At first glance I thought it’s Steve Balmer and got really confused. 
Awwww yayay I love this doggo 
Oh my goodness this is one of the cutest clouds I've ever seen.
Gonna need to see like 900 more videos of Bumby 
23k+ upvotes in less than 3 hours 
LIL SNOOBER
Edit: wtf why the downvotes 
Looks autistic. 
Take it, take my upvote. It’s yours now. The Good Boi demands it

Edit:Spelling
BuT vaCcInAtIoNs CaUse AuTiSm
What kind of bear is that?
That... is an absolute unit
monch monch papur 
you named your dog "Bummer"? well that's a new type of evil.
is your dog's name bummer as in the synonym for unfortunate? or boomer?
Is the pup autistic already?
Hekken good boi!
[deleted]
Do you have a video of this pupper "talking"??

:D
Oh my gosh, just followed the account and I’m so glad you’re around SF! I’d totally love to take some photos of Bummer when I get the chance since I’m local to the Bay. 
AWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW

&#x200B;
Great doggo, 12/10, would snuggle forever.
dogoo
Gib treat to fuck yo sign real fast
What kind of puppo?
Fake dogs can't write
Beautiful pupper.
Rip paper just got destroyed by doggo lol
Your account is the adventures of a cloud boy and it's AMAZING! 
Cute lil Bummer just had a vaccination. Is he a pupper, pupperino or doggo?
He snacc the papar
He protecc

He attacc

But more importantly

He don't give a fack 
F l u f f y b o i 
S U C H A G O O D F L O O F E R
Karma farming
What kind of dog is this ?
You could not call your dog Bummer in the UK. 😂
Much cute

Very floof

Wow!
Henlo doggo 
Reddit: Vaccine? Say no more and take my upvote
He's cool, but he's no Mr Bubz.
Do you want upvotes?

Cuz this is how you get upvotes. 
>Henlo Reddit, iz me Big Gumby

Fucking die
I swear, I personally think Reddit made these cloud doggos extremely popular pets. They're always on reddit. Just like what Reddit did for Corgis.  
This is how you reclaim that lost karma. Haha 
Cute floof.
[deleted]
oh noez!! big bumby is killing ze paper!
This deserves more gold
Big karma farm
o hai bumby! big fuzzy hugs for u. 🤗
Bummers are deaf.
Please do not bring this pupper anywhere near me. I'd involuntarily steal him and then die of cuteness overload.

He's the GOODEST  of all boyes.
Jaeddit?
If you want your puppy to live, only use legally required vaccines. 
Did he get autism 
Um, actually, vaccines cause pawtism...
Fast forward 5 years. Bummer (now a seasoned tactical doggo) has survived the nuclear apocalypse.  Together, Bummer and /u/theBeardlyHuman seek a suitable location to settle down. The hardened Bummer is weary of nearly everything due to the seemingly endless supply of raiders and looters. Headpats have long since lost their value along with the dollar. Bummer sees what looks like movement in the distance and narrows his one good eye.

"Good boy" master says before patting him on the head with one hand while waving at the stranger. "We've come a long way but we've finally made it to solitude and don't let this man distract you from the fact that in 1998, The Undertaker threw Mankind off Hell In A Cell, and plummeted 16 ft through an announcer's table."
OH no now he haz autism :(
That doggo has some amazing penmanship ! I mean yes the R in Reddit is backwards, but, he’s a dog ! Keep up the fantastic work and maybe one day, all doggos will be able to read and write like this one can. I’m also happy to see he’s not a part of the whole antivax movement that’s been plaguing the doggo world for some time now. Keep fighting the good boy fights doggo !!! 
And they say lightning doesn't strike twice 
This is awesome.  I myself have had a puppy, and he had a disease, which needed a vaccine.  This vaccine was adminstered unto him, and then he became some kind of super-dog, flying about, saving me from muggers, and defeating evil-doers.

Pep-pep shortly flew away from me, seeking further unfortunates to assist, and I am certain he is saving crime victims even to this day, returning purses and tackling would-be purveyors of hate.

I salute all the animals among us that are halting crime, saving society, and making us all better people!
Does he have autism now
Lol jk
I’m sorry your dog now has autism
K a r m a w h o r e - who the fuck posts a “thank you for all of the karma” post
