This is the shit I want when I'm old. It makes me happy that they can still have a good time
He's a keeper!
Oh my god! This is the dream! Her face in both photos is priceless!
Great at how good they are at using a computer at that age. 

Beeutiful and sweet as honey. 
Marriage goal! 
She's just buzzing with excitement. 
Pure relationship goals right there. 

Also, Why was this the next post I see after accidentally visiting that less than “safe for work” bee subreddit.
So freaking sweet.
If this isn't me and my husband in 60 years, we need to go ahead and end this now. Because I need to have this. 
He could have gotten a second bee costume, but it was cheaper to keeper.
What I imagine Tree Trunks would look like as a human
My grandfather always tells me (his in his 70s) that he doesn’t feel any different in his head than he did when he was in his early 20s (which is how old I am). So whenever is see old people like this showing youthful spirit, it’s so cool. It’s a reminder that there’s probably moments that pass by while they’re amongst the party, and perhaps amongst younger people that they get little glimmers of being youthful again. It’s a shame that age disables them from being able to get out there more often. When I see this old woman I try to picture what she might have looked like at 22. She’d probably have just as big a smile on her face. Feeling the same emotions. It’s strange and bitter sweet. I know this isn’t a novel concept or anything, I just hope more young people think this way about old people. We’ll all be there one day.
This definitely won whatever costume contest they had at the party.
That's very wholesome, thank you for sharing
[*All I can say is that my life is pretty plain,
 I like watching the puddles gather rain~*](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=3qVPNONdF58)

Yogscast Lewis wants his outfit back
/r/bee_irl
Link the review (if possible)
Only one can wish for a life with someone that sticks by you. Bless them
Haha those are old person photo faces from the days of film cameras. First photo, big smile, next 15 photos, "Why the hell are we taking so many photos?" face
This is a top level of awesomeness!!! They're seniors and still super cool! 😎  
Best thing I've seen on the internet.
Enough with the slutty Halloween costumes already!
NEXT LEVEL WHOLESOME
OH MY GOD I CAN'T WITH HOW ADORABLE THIS IS. 

*dies from cuteness*

Thank you for this. 
This makes me so happy
Guys, don't be rude, just let them be.
Bitch better have my honey! 
I like seeing older people having fun. I really hate how society makes it like when you're older, you can't party or be an individual any more. Life should be a choice as long as you're contributing to society.
The image with both of them looks like some kind of surrealist reinterpretation of American Gothic. I love it.
Omg they are adorable! Where’s the link so we can all visit it at times?
I want to "bee" like that when I'm older!
You can tell by the way it bee
If I hit 80, every day will be Halloween!! 🧡
I hope they like jazz
Of course her name is June. But, I was hoping that it would be Bea.
Is there perhaps another review left by an L Brindley?
All I can say is that my life is pretty plain. 
I hope my legs look that good in tights at 88!
You can’t see the guys face but you just know he’s proudly smiling.
They look like such a riot to be around. 
That's where he get his honey from! 
This makes me happy 🐝
This makes me happy and all but i feel like her husband could be in a horror game when he's in the bee keeper outfit.
She looks just like the woman I loved. This is where I thought we'd be in 60 years.
I hope I'm up and moving at 88 or 92! These folks are killing it
I hope I have my wife with me till the end, in my eighties or whatever I reach! Great post and great spirit 
He's a Keeper.
Awwwwwww.....
.....wwwwwwww
Queen Bee!
I say we fill Michael’s office with me.  My husband owes me a favor.

Really?  Does he do good work or...

No, Jim, I married a bad apiarist.
You could say he's a keeper. A bee keeper. 
I kinda want to see an American Gothic pic with him holding the sunflower like a pitchfork...
"You like jazz?"
I love this so much! The fact that they left a review WITH pictures...we are not worthy. 
This will be me and my wife when we are old, I love her, shes fucking awesome 
They surely give some serious old age goals!
My heart is in a million pieces now they are the cutest 
This is the purest thing I have ever seen in my life. It really warms my heart. 
I just showed my wife our costume in 40 years. She loves it!
Just another Royal Knight protecting his Queen <3
I bet that in his eyes, she’s the keeper.
My heart 🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤
She's tearing up Paris tonight. 
Beauty is in the eye of the bee holder
Serious issue, shallow thought. Anyone know if her husband is alive?
Today has been shit and this turned my frown upside down 
Isn’t that the little girl from that Blind Melon video?
8k Karma for one post
Only one of them needs a nametag
This seriously warms my heart. Thanks for sharing ❤️
Wow, the No Rain girl has not aged well!
You know they going to have freaky bee-sex later
All I can say is that their life is pretty plain.
Saving that one under my cute folder. :) just awesome!!!
My heart! <3

Link to the review?
Elderly Relationship Goals 
This made me smile. Have some gold.
Nice costumes 👌
this warms my sad little heart 
This makes me feel warm and happy and just a little sad inside.
cute :) 
fucking adorbs
r/mademesmile
Hive goalzz
Too bad they didn’t meet on bumble.
*when your partner is ugly but you wanna do a fun couples costume*
Looks just like my Aunt Bea.....
Guy's a fuckin cradle robber.
He even took her from bee-hind later that day
FAIL there was no beekeeper in the Blind Melon video
At least their not in a bee costume and a flower costume and the flower is in a sex swing like Lahey and Randy. Or Indiana Jones and the bee. 
When I looked at the photo before reading the title, I thought the second pic was someone else cosplaying with a mask as the lady in the first pic 
She’s trying to get plowed.
[deleted]
Do ya think they like jazz?
Its like a "Where are they now"  picture of the little bee girl from that Blind melon music video (No Rain).
Ready to play for the Steelers
I don't see Batman in the title anywhere but when i first read it i read it as bee and Batman and was confused, and didn't even notice thehusband the first glance. I'm so...flabbergasted...where did..
why Batman..
Hive been waiting for a review like this. 
This is so precious 
now I have to listen to Blind Melon
Olha umA belha.
U/the-berkwegian
It's your pollen or your wife, senor
El chapulín? 
They were probably the buzz of the party 
Bee movie
That’s adorable. 
wow I was too tired to go out for Halloween and I'm 33. they just made me feel like such a loser they party harder than I do.
This thread is so great 
They went to a Halloween party? I wonder what kind of party. Probably not one of those hype parties 
Shut up! This is so adorable I think I’m going to die.
She's so skinny! Grandma needs some granny food
This makes my heart happy ❤️💕
Hide the pain Harold’s sister
He gives her smoke.
Lewis has gotten old r/yogscast
Easily the cutest thing I've seen all day.
He wants her honeypot!
Just practicing for a play at the Blanchford Recreation Center.
I love imagining old people in their prime, I can just see these people now doing the same thing 70 years ago when they first met.  God, getting old is scary.
This is terrifying.
And adorable 
I’m sure she’s stung him a few good ones over the years.
A Cut and color
They totally had kinky sex in those outfits.
Is dat one bee a queen bee
if i was a flower growin wild and free alls i want is you to be my sweet honey bee. 
Immediately started singing "No Rain" -Blind Melon
This is the girl from the Blind Melon "No Rain" music video. Feel old yet?
This looked so familiar to me, the  I realized that I bought this costume off of Amazon for a fun run. Our team name was the "basic bees" 
I needed that. Thank you.
What does amazon have to do with this 
This is adorable 
She looks like how Treetrunks sounds.
They’re so cute 🐝
This is goals.
Adorable
Sobbing. 
Wholesome 
r/amazonreviews 
4 years younger than him...nice. 
"Are you sure my costume isn't on backwards? Somehow I felt more confident before."
So sweet! 
This is adorable and wholesome and I feel happy now.
My toddlers favorite thing is bee's he would absolutely love this. 

&#x200B;
I literally wore this bee costume this Halloween lol 
Aww that flower just does it! It is sooo cute!
She's going to sting him real deep.
Sorry I couldn't stop posting it.
It's BEAUTIFUL.💜💓
This is so cute. 

For anyone who likes this, look up the Bee Lady of Hull in England. It's my home city but this lady is famous for dressing up as a bee and spending hours in shopping centres raising money for charity. She's ADORABLE. 
Thank you for posting this after NNN!
This is gold! 
When any guy gets too friendly with her, he shakes his head slowly.
very very very nice! keep each other! 
jeese Blind Melon has been around a long time.
Ugh, hate it when Reddit ruins my mornin "love is dead" chant. Ugh, would hate to be like these adorable bops. Would also hate bi-weekly races on neon mobility scooters. Maybe a weekly date where we get to eat food only the youths get to eat.  Ugh. all of it
This is so adorable! What a great couple costume idea!
Man, the sequel to Bee Movie is weird
This just goes to show old stings still pack a punch
So Beautiful
So cute!  Glad to see older folks having a good time - keeps you young!  
Amazon reviews are always a gem. Occasionally you'll see a review and they'd post random pictures, either a selfie or something else. 
#lifegoals
The sweetest, cutest thing. I am dying.
Don't think it, don't say it

Don't think it, don't say it

Don't think it, don't say it

Don't think it, don't say it

Don't think it, don't say it


*IT'S HIP TO FUCK BEES*
How is this an Amazon review? Not denying they aren't  addorable. 
Too cute
They’re the epitome of ADORABLE 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
Unbeelievable 
Must be a lovely girl when she was young
Relationship goals!
92 and 88?! He's robbing the cradle!  He should find someone his own age.
Don’t call old people cute, it’s incredibly patronizing.
This made me so happy :)
He looks so young! 
I wore this for Halloween too! 
Lol I have the same costume.
Singed in season 50
C'mon Honey!  We'll bee late for the party. 
So what’s all this buzz I’m hearing about an amazon rev-   Oh. I see =)
Animals are the Best!!
They chose the costumes, doesn't that mean they liked them?
Aww. With everybody leaning towards dating and hooking up en-masse these days it's nice to be reminded of two people that, albeit assumedly, spent their lives together. 
This is too damn wholesome
I’m happy she decided not to go for the “sexy bee costume” instead. 
Beekeeper
Aweeeee
Someone give me the instructions on how to have this type of ending. 
Love
That is the cutest thing I've seen today. Old people are so adorable.
But what did the review say?

This is awesome!
her nametag says Irene I think. I was hoping it said Bea.
This is all I want in life...
 I love this so much!
It’s December,,,
I don’t want to be rude but the husband scares me
Relationship goals! 
Live seeing pictures like this. Giving a middle finger to old age in the best way. 
Note that is fucking adorable! ❤️💜❤️
They've been married for 74 years now!
This is unbearably adorable
This is just too cute! 
Well that's just the greatest thing ever. 
OMG I don't think I've ever seen a cuter thing in my life
This makes me want to live that old.
Awww she’s his honey 
Ugh. Die already. 
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8435  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/47287)
Omg this is adorable 
This is absolutely pure. 
Goals for decades
Not cute at all
I bet they're dead now
[removed]
i guess they like watching the puddles gather rain
Made me smile 
This post is sweeter than a honey bee!
This just made me happy cry at work, thanks guys!
I don’t get it what is the review about?
This is the cutest, sweetest thing I have seen in a long time, and I look st corgis all day
This is adorable 
Which one is the woman?
So cute I can't even!
Why the hell am i crying?? Do i need to change my HVAC filters?
lol
I just want someone to save me, oh oh oh oh
Cue the nutbags claiming that it is oppressive because he is the “bee keeper” and she is the “bee” which shows inequality or some fucking stupid shit like that!

For what ya worth I think it is as sweet as fuck.
Don’t know why but Their photo reminded me Stan Lee all of sudden 😶 RIP Stan Lee. 
Oh, man. This could go places with a younger couple. BDSM Bee and Beekeeper. Just add a leash and a riding crop.
Why are there two pictures...one with the husband missing?  
iT's A wAsP
She looks happier when he's not standing next to her.  Also, most of you posters will be divorced... Multiple times.  So forget about it. 
[deleted]
This is what anybody cheating on their wives/girlfriends should wear for Halloween. 
Oh fucking YUCK that shouldn’t be legal
[deleted]
