[deleted]
This gave me a wonderful laugh! Thank you! 
Next year we need you in a Santa beekeeper suit eating some honey laid out for you 
Either you have a very small hive or a lot of naughty bees.
That is one of the cutest things I have ever seen. 
Can I ask a question? What plants are helpful for bees? I read lavender so I’m planting that in my yard but anything else? Thistle? Want to help the bee population as best I can! 

Also. Cute pic!!
Bee-sons greetings!
Could that BEE any cuter?? 😍
I feel like the queen is being shafted and didn’t get a bigger stocking.
Wanna-bee keeper, that was a clever idea!
How do I get on the list to get a card?!?!?
Is it tough managing bees? What about predators and disease that could wipe out a hive, also is a bee suit mandatory?
I. Love. This. ♡
This is fake.  Pretty sure bees are Jewish.
Very cute. How are your bees?
That's cute! Painting of trees is cool
Oh, Christmas Bees.
Oh, Christmas Bees!
How lovely are your
Queen Cells.

Your pretty Queen of wintertime
Makes baby bees in summer time.
Oh, Christmas Bees.
Oh, Christmas Bees!
How lovely are your
Queen Cells.


This makes me happy inside! 🥰
That card is the bees knees!
Bee-u-tiful!

I’ll see myself out...
So here’s an honest question: where do the bees go in the winter? Do they hibernate? Do the bee keepers provide little space heaters for the hives? 
This is the cutest thing I’ve ever seen. I’m strangely emotional, I didn’t know I thought bees were cute? Could be because I’m pregnant but who knows 
I misread the title as "barkeeper" and was really confused
If you find a girl with 10,000 bees, marry her. 

She’s a keeper. 
This decoration is quite buzzworthy.
The stockings are super cute, and I love the paint job on the hive too!
That is so cute & inventive. 
O Christmas bee, O Christmas bee

How tasty are thy honey
Absolutely love this! I’m sure they all beehived this year!
I've had a difficult day and this warmed up my heart. Wonderful picture. Thank you.
Are those little bee stockings???!!! AAAAHHH! Soooo cute! 
If that is the size of your bee's feet, you are in deep trouble dude!
That's amazing! Love it!
That is the best!!!
That is adorable. 
There are the number of bees socks, right? I hope that all bees would get something special from Santa.
I read it as bookkeeper and couldn't for the life of me figure it out
So. Precious. Why am I crying?!?
I think my husband is annoyed at how loudly I squealed!  This is the cutest thing!! 
I...why is this so adorable?

I would be thrilled to get a card like this.
My goodness! What do their wishlists say?
Your bees have gigantic feet!
I thought it said bookkeeper. I was confused
Very cool, now where are the other 10,000?(:
Honey, will you bee mine this Christmas?
What a merry apiary! 
r/realbeesfaketophats
I like my women like I like my coffee... COVERED IN BEES!!!!! 
Question our neighbor got bees & they were all over our water faucets last summer, swarming. Talking to her about it wont do anything based off of previous encounters with her. She has them right on the fence line  & legally here it needs to be 25 feet from the fence line, again I doubt 25 feet will change anything. Any advice on dealing with this next summer?
Awesome!
This is the cutest thing I've ever seen.
C'est adorable!
Are you sure that none of the bees follow Judaism?
Real talk can I print this out and hang it? 
You are missing about 30,000 stockings.
I somehow have a feeling the amount of socks is off.... 
Omg I love it
This is the cutest thing 
What kind of pitiful ass hive only has 84 bees? And how will they know which stocking is theirs? None of them are labeled....
It was so cute it made me say fuck. 
Oh I love this!!!
How bee-lightful! 
That’s adorable!
That is fabulous!  Is there a kid who could roll a little piece of fondant into each one?  Those bees would love that! 

How many hives do you have? I love that you painted this one!  How far away from your house is this?

I wish I could help you with the fondant!!  Merry Christmas! Thank you for keeping bees!  You help us all :)
THat is so adorable 
This is the cutest thing I've seen!
well this is adorable...
Awwwww...
I love this way too much 
omg, have ALL THE UPVOTES! This is so adorable!
Hehehe, that's adorable.
SO CUTE
Way too clever and cute. Love
That's adorable!
I have nothing to do with bees. Actually, I'm fatally allergic to their stings, so I fear them a little. 

BUT I WANT THIS AS A GREETING CARD. TO SEND TO EVERYBODY IN MY LIFE. 
This has been said many times but I want this post to get as much attention as possible because

This is adorable!
Now everyone is going to ape your idea. 
But honey it's cold outside
Is there sugar syrup in those stockings?
Oh you beehave yourself..
Hello, fellow South Coast-er :). Will you be(e) selling any of your bees' honey in the warmer season? I'd love to support a local beesiness
OMG!  This is the most sweetest thing.  Oh my heart...!
You forgot Jimmy!  Where’s his stocking :( 
I’d like to learn more about that hive entrance screen.
Oh... BEEkeeper. I thought it said bookkeeper and was horribly confused.
Looks awesome kdawg
Awww, little bay-bee stockings. 
I read this as "I'm a barkeeper.." and stared at the photo way too long trying to figure out why it was aww. I'm an idiot
bee slave owner! 
If this card doesn’t include the phrase beeson’s greetings, you will have failed as a Christmas card-making beekeeper. 
[deleted]
I thought you said book-keeper at first, and could not figure it out for the life of me. 

This is so cute!!
That is THE CUTEST thing I have ever seen.
This is the bees knees
Absolutely adorable - and what a clever card! I want to get into beekeeping and this year I finally bought a piece of property where I can keep them. This post is definitely my favorite thing I've seen on Reddit. Thank you for sharing!
I follow you on Instagram! I love this so much 
They - They be sayin, "Damn, those bees got some big feet".
This is adorable but a real missed opportunity that it doesn't say "Bee wish you a Merry Christmas" 
Hive yourself a merry little christmas
This was all I needed to see this Christmas. I’m in tears from laughter. 
I adore this! I can imagine them all sleeping soundly, knowing that Santa is coming because they've all been good little bees this year.
What is this? A Christmas for an... Bees?
Sweet painted hive. We painted one more of a light blue. Do you notice that the darker color has an impact on inner temp?
Your card really is 'the bees knees' of Christmas cards!
Adorable.
Honey, its cold outside.
Are you going to put sugar cubes in the stockings?
it's the least we can do for their dwindling population

&#x200B;
Stop it. This is going to send me to the dentist I’m clenching so hard from the cuteness
You deserve every single one of the 100K upvotes (and counting) that you've received. I've done nothing but chuckle and smile today since you posted this.
You should totally sell this online, I'd take them all! Coming from someone who's usually non Christmas card like, that's saying something...
Not going to lie, if this was for sale I would order some.
Imagine the countless names.

...And this one’s for Jude, this for Jake, this for Rudy, this for Max, this for Esther...
I was reading barkeeper and looking at this picture like an idiot ....
well then, beesons greetings!
Send to Buzzfeed
😍😍😍
You should dunk all of them in a lil pollen! 
Upvote for CUTE! :D
How do to keep track of who's been naughty or nice?
AWWWW!!!! That is so cute! 
paging /u/mindofmetalandwheels 
That is adorable!! A creative and beautiful idea!
I would frame that card.

Honestly, you could sell prints of this. 
can I get on that card list please cause this is adorable 
put a flower in each of them, they will be delighted.
Oh my God this is the cutest thing I have seen in my whole life. My dad was a beekeeper when I was young, I love bees!! 
That’s the sweetest 
So cute. 
My heart just squeezed. This is so cute. Wow.
I like you.
Purely out of curiosity how have you been combatting the many issues our poor honeybees have been facing with pesticides and parasites?
So how are bees doing right now? Crisis better?
Hello HONE-r 😁
THIS IS SO PRECIOUS <3 You should sell this photo or make postcards out of it! Too cute, thanks for sharing. 
So are a lot of modern beekeepers using the the new beehive where you pull a lever splitting the honeycombs and the honey just drips out slowly?  Or was that a gimmicky as seen on TV idea that doesn't work in real life?
I think you are probably missing a couple hundred stockings. Those bees were bad?
84

For those of you who needed to know like me, the number you're looking for is 84.
This made me a little misty-eyed because it's so cute. You got lucky bees. 
You should've bought some flowers and cut the ends off and threw 1 flower into each stocking, that way it looks like they all got one flower as a present for xmas. :)
adorable! 
Omg this is the cutest thing I’ve ever seen
This is the sweetest thing I’ve ever seen. I want one! Do you have a mailing list???? How do I get one??? 
Did you make them? Or buy them somewhere? I've been looking all over for tiny stockings for my mice!
You're a dork. 
This is so good!! Give all those good good bees my holiday blessings :)
Cosign
Cuuuuuuuutttttttteeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
I wish I was on your Christmas card list! This would stay on my fridge and make me smile until it faded to nothing. Adorable!
How hard is bee keeping? 
Simply bee-autiful!
omg. that’s so cute. i’m ded. 
Maybe a little sugared violet in each one?
Hope your bees stay healthy!!
Not enough stockings 
I love it!
Squeeeee 😍

I love it so much!
That cant be enough stockings!
Ha!
  I just laughed out loud!  Thank you for such a heart warming post!  Truly hilarious!
I thought this was a gif at first, I was expecting the picture to move!
I wish you the best year ever, for all of our sakes. Really. Plz hug bees for me. 
You beeter watch out, you beeter not cry
You beeter not pout, I’m telling you why
Santa clause ain’t bringing you shit cause he hates bees 
Well, this is officially the cutest card I have seen so far. 
Freakin awesome, man
That's so great of you. But what about the other 10,000 bees?
BEES?!
I laughed like a cute little girl
[deleted]
I read this as "Bar keeper" and was wondering where the booze are.

I have a problem...
That's a fancy looking super. Hobby or work
This is one of the cutest things I’ve seen and it warms my heart so much <3
I love bees 
That’s hot
I read this as "barkeeper" and was so confused
Sat here of way too long looking for the bookkeeper reference.
this Christmas card is sweeter than honey! Absolutely adorable - all bees are on the nice list as far as i’m concerned!
Cute!
You had me so scared I just found a family member on Reddit, the foliage is identical
Thank you for your service! 
r/Christmascards
Do bees hibernate for the winter?
For a post from a beekeeper, this isn't stingy at all!

Edit: wording 
TIL beekeepers don't have a lot going on in the winter. :P Just teasing you, that's pretty cute.
I saw your post on a few beekeeping FB pages and tons of tiny stocking, or possibly antlers, are on my list for my hives next year. Best to you & your bees - may the Varroa Grinch stay far away. 
that is simply adorable!
Love it! So creative. Merry Christmas to you and yours.
This is amazing! I love bees, they're cute Lil fuzz butts.
How come the hive looks like a PC tower?
Love for your hardworking crew...I like it!
I don't get it.
This is the cutest thing I’ve ever seen
This is so adorable 
This. Is. Fucking. Adorable.
I hate seeing people's Halloween costumes but I really enjoy seeing people's unique Christmas cards for some reason. Thanks for sharing OP, I like it. 


I read this as bar keep and I was thoroughly confused as to why there were many tiny stockings hanging on what I thought was an electrical box.
We keep bees too!! However our bees this year were assholes. You couldn’t even mow around them without being attacked. Our prior years of bees were very docile. I think ours are Russian this year? A friend split his hive with us, which was very nice. But it made them a little more difficult to be around. 
I don’t ever recall saying “aww” out loud in response to this sub, but I did for this :)
reads “bookkeeper”...stares confused for five minutes. 

rereads beekeeper “awwwww” 
This is so cute! I'm trying to teach my 4 year old that we need bees and that they aren't scary. I'm going to show him this. 
Read this as bookkeeper. Took me a while...
This is kinda sad knowing there's only 84 bees inside the hive when there should be more :(
Freakin' adorable! 
Unbeelievable
Absolutely genius and hilarious.
Let my beeeeeeple go!!!
[deleted]
You just made my entire family crack up. We’re loving reading the comments too! We’ve been thinking up names  for all the stockings 😂
Aww! My friend is a beekeeper and he is going to love this
Do you like *jazz*? 
Those bees must be HUUGE!
I have a feeling you’re gonna need more stockings
Omg so precious, how do I get on your list?
I’ve made this my phone background - unBEElievably adorable 😍
WHAT AM I LOOKING AT
Merrbee Christmas!

This is wonderful.
God bless Epi-pens, every one.
12 stockings in a column
7 rows

12x7 = 84 stockingses
Please tell me you named each bee 🐝 ... I know ya probably didn't, but the idea is cool. 
You're gonna need more stockings!
As a former (albeit part time) beekeeper I approve.

I think you missed one...
Wow looks like you will bee having an amazing Christmas this year.

Merry Christmas and Happy New year
OP, this is the cutest Christmas card I think I've ever seen!!!
I thought the title said " I'm a bookkeeper, and this is our Christmas Card this year".. Was so confused.
As a fellow beek, I think this is possibly the best thing I've seen in ages. It's a beautiful photo and the sentiment is incredible.
Your watermark says 2017
Omg that is the cutest thing ever!!!
I wondering ihave somting in my home this coming christmass 
Lotsa ladies getting nothing in their stockings this year.  Great job OP :(
Deck the hive with wreathes of flowers tra-la-la-la-la la-la-la-la
Man that's adorable. 
Honeysuckle for everyone! :D
how does someone without any background in this field become a... beekeeper? Actually really interested in this.
This is adorable!! You made me happy !
I can't Beelieve you've done this. 🐝
Honest question, how does someone get into bee keeping? 
Questions, if you don't mind. 

Do you primarily keep bees to sell honey? For hobby, or for a career? 

And lastly, do you ever let them swarm ?

Thanks. 
I adore this.
Wholesome and cute. I swear these posts are what I need right now. 
Oh... oh no I can’t. Oh it’s too much. 😭
You win my aww heart this year! 
Is there something on the right side Im supposed to notice? I think theres more deadspace than the supposed focal point.
What entrance reducer are you using? Never seen one like that before. I’ve only used wooden ones in the past.

Really cute idea, and a great card!
Before I read the title, I thought you strapped a bunch of fireworks to a Keurig.
Is it cold there? What do the buzzy boys do when it’s cold? 
Dude I bet you get so buzzed
How’s does one make money from being a beekeeper? Government contracts? 
This is freaking adorable
Took me a minute to get it! Thanks for a laugh!
Awwwweeee. This made me smile.
I love that.
That's so fucking cute. 
Lol, that might be the cutest thing I’ve ever seen 
How do they know whose stocking is whose?
That’s adorable. 
Excellent cross-post from /r/mead!
That's actually super fucking cute
EEEEEEEEEEEEE! 
So my gf and I wanted to start a few hives! Any tips or pointers for beginners? 
That is adorable 😊
r/fakealbumcovers
definitely read that as bookkeeper 
Thank you for your service. As a pest control technician I hate killing bees. But people are too cheap to hire a bee keeper. And I legally cant retransport them.
Where do you even get those mini stockings and clips?
Bdndj
This is ABSOLUTELY FUCKING AWESOME! AMAZING! CREATIVE! THE EPITOME OF COOL!  
This is so adorable omg
awwww!!!!!! this is so sweet!
Damn it. Now I want one
You need like a million more stockings there huh?
Why not just treat them with this routinely?
What sort of care do bees require during the winter months?
Is that modified Langstroth hive?
That is GENIUS!!! 
So how many times has someone quoted Eddie Izzard to you?
Ed oset?
I have a hive in my backyard, I'm intrigued by the system you have for the entrance. We recently had the hive swarm, we also had the entrance as a big ol hole instead of whatever metal grill type thingo you have there, what are the benefits/downsides of your setup vs mine?

Edit: I live in Perth western Australia fyi.
Dammit maw, quit cuttin the onions
This is the cutest shit I’ve ever seen
Thats adorable.
Omfg that’s so adorable
I hope all your little fuzzy friends stay safe with all the climate stuff going on lately.
OMG, I have to show my hubby. He's a keeper too!
I thought I read "bartender" and had to look at the title again. I was so confused
Do you get attached to your bees?
Hehe so cute
My kinda people! I love this!!!
This just made my day! Thank you!
This is awesome!
Dad level: 1000
They been getting robbed?
Cute I love bees
This is incredibly creative and adorable. Nice work. My in-laws keep bees and i sent it to them. They're going to love this.

Really nice work!
Read "bookkeeper"...very confused
You should sell these cards and promise to use part of the proceeds to expand your colony, or buy them gifts. 

Please buy your bees gifts. 
Dear vegans... 
I need a tiny stocking for my husband’s fish tank. Where did you get these?
This is too cute!! Happy Holidays you guys! ♡
so adorable.

not enough stockings.

So clever!!!
Wait aren’t the males thrown out during the winter?
Bwahahaha!!  😂😂😂
you only have 84 bees?
This is incredible 
No stocking for the queen? 
What's the thing on the porch, mouse guard?
I enjoyed this.
This is completely ridiculous! Each bee has six legs, so that means only a few bees will actually be getting gifts! How’s that going to make the other bees feel? 
I thought you said bookkeeper at first and was very confused... this laugh took a lot longer than it should have to kick in 
omg this is genius!!  😬
I used to keep bees with my grandpa and I can't tell you how happy this made me. I'm grinning like an idiot. 
This is adorable!
Bee-u-tiful
Honestly, I kinda thought there would be more. I had no idea so few bees could make a hive operational.
You don’t free bees. You keep bees. 
That's the most adorable thing I have ever seen!  It makes me feel bad that the bees are not each going to get their little piece of fondant.  If I lived near you I would come and fill the stockings for the bees.  I basically live in a wheelchair and have TONS of free time!  😀
Needs a bigger mantle to hang them stockings from
Lol! I love this so much ❤️
That is the most adorable thing I've seen in a long time.
Adorable, but it feels like they should all be pointing the other way, no?
Please keep them safe. We must never resort to robot bees 
Mmmm... pretty sure bees’ feet are WAY smaller than those
Bzzzzzz.... Bzzzzzz..... 
hpbd mcgee
I read that as bookkeeper and was very confused
Just finished the novel The Bees. Learned so much! All reiterated in this post. So cool!
Read beekeeper as bookkeeper and went to the comments to figure out what damn book you were referencing. 
My girlfriend just lost her mind over the cuteness 
Bees on Earth and goodwill toward men.
This is so cute omggg
Happ-BEE Holidays
I was hoping the pic was gonna be an envelope full of bees
I love it
This might just be the cutest thing I have ever seen.
That is adorable
I love the mural on the hive! Some loved bees right there 😊
[deleted]
I read it twice thought it said “I’m a barkeeper” and stared at the photo for too long “wtf this makes no sense”
That's a lot of stockings. How hard is it to get presents that they'll enjoy AND fit in the stocking? 

It's the dilemma of the century.
This is relevant to my interests.
This is just about the cutest thing I’ve ever seen!
I read this as bear keeper and was extremely confused and didn’t understand. Even glossed over the bee puns and chuck it up to bears liking honey. 
I’m a beekeeper and your watching Disney channel
I don’t know why but I always thought bee keeping would be super expensive. I’m thinking when I retire I’ll get into it. 
Brilliant 
There are many stockings because they most likely have many bees, as they are beekeepers. 
Originally read this as you being a bookkeeper 
So adorable!
You should add names to each stocking 😊
Wait, is it flipping me off?
That’s almost the cutest thing I’ve ever seen!
I read you were a bookkeeper.. and honestly couldn't figure out what was going on. 

That is the cutest shit I have seen all week.
Love it 
This is soooo cute omg <3
Omg so cute!!
This gave me a giant smile. How sweet
This is so funny and also makes me feel so happy and warm
I love bees and I absolutely hate Monsanto and people who use pesticides that kill them.
Oh god it’s so pretty. I had to zoom in to realize it wasn’t simulated 
[deleted]
That is very pretty. Love it.
Thats so cute it makes me wana cry
Wow just wait til they’re teenagers :/
I can’t even express how much joy this brings me! 
Great Van Fleet sucks balls! 
I would pay to have a sta k of these as postcards or greeting cards
Idk why I was waiting for a video to start.
Great idea! My dad and I are gonna get into bed keeping in the spring! He'll love this 
This is freakin' adorable!
So cute and creative!
Hahah awww this is so cute
Hey there beekeeper. Yesterday I drove around doing errands with a bee stuck to my windshield. He would not get off no matter how fast I went. He just stayed there sorta grooming himself with it's front legs. I felt bad for him cause we were four miles away when I got out to pick up an order and he wasn't there when I got back. He's pretty dead huh?
but thats not even nearly enough for how many bees are inside...
This is so cute!!

What happens to bees during winter???
I'm curious do you actually put something in those? Like a mini jar of honey or something of that nature :P?
this is the cutest shit i ever seen
This is, no exaggeration, the single cutest thing I have seen in my entire life.
wOw,, That is Totally Epic 
Yes!! 
I want a Christmas card from you!! That is the cutest thing I’ve seen in a long time!! Thank You for sharing
You could give the gift of bees so people can start their own hives. Just pack them into old Altoid tins and wrap them.
I read this as "barkeep" and got SUPER confused on why a beehive had stockings :^
Bullshit. Bees don't wear socks.
Hey, u/reptiliandude... thought this might be up your ally. 
Where'd you find these tiny stockings?!?
That’s amazing. 
I read that as 'bookkeeper' and couldn't for the life of me figure out what was going on 😅
This is literally the cutest thing I’ve ever seen. I LOVE wholesome stuff like this 
Love those bees, they the real heros. 
tiny :)
I can’t beelieve it!!
I thought those were car keys at first.
Omg I love it so much!
If this isn’t the cutest thing I don’t know what
I can't  love this enough.
What cute little stockings ❤
My heart! That's so damn cute!
I’m guessing you’ll need a few thousand more tiny stockings? 
Haha This is very creative and nice of you! Go bee keeper!
Couldn't one of the bees be Jewish? (Fun fact: The Hebrew word for "bee" is "Deborah")
Greetings, fellow Acushnet resident! ;-)  Super cute! 
I read beekeeper and thought it said bookkeeper, which led me to zoom in and out for a minute trying to figure out (1) what I was seeing and how it related to bookkeeping, and (2) why anyone employed as a bookkeeper would theme his/her holiday card around their profession.
But you gotta put names on each one so Santa can fill them accordingly
Really cute :)
Beautiful 
Ah yes... a man who truly loves his work.
Bee keepers unite! My family has been beekeeping for now 5 years. We all love it one day my dad just woke up one day after all of us (4 kids including myself) and started to read about it then after a few months got a single hive now we have I believe 9 all of them of pretty chill not a lot of stings. I dont have any pictures of the hives on my phone, but seeing this after making a new account makes me happy. Beekeeping is super important, and cool thing about honey it will never lose value. 
Beautiful hive!
It took me a while, as I read "barceeper" 
Sorry for the ignorant question...  But, it gets really cold in MA during the winter.  What happens to bees?  Do they hibernate?
Do they cover the bee's knees?
My husband and I have been wanting to build a farm and one of our interests for it  is beekeeping. How would we get that started up? I love bees, and I want to take care of them. How do I do that?
aww too cutee XD do the bees get curious about it..?
This is so cute!
So what do bees do when it gets cold anyway?
Must be a fresh new paint on the hive there! Very clean!
Thought the post read “I’m a bookkeeper”. Couldn’t figure out the joke for a good minute lol 
First off, this made my heart melt. Second, I have always thought beekeeping was so fascinating. Is it as cool as I think it is? 
Hell yeah acushnet!!
Wolfie you diabolical...
I love my mom, she's my best friend. Until recently (I moved out of state with my boyfriend) we have always relied on each other to pick each other up after a rough day. 

I couldn't be there for her today. But I did send her the link to your post, which made her day and brought us a little closer together. 

Thank you kind stranger
theres no way that's enough stockings 
Your Hive is really nice. Well done if you did this yourself!
First read "I'm a barkeeper" and was hella confused
Oh my god that is SO adorable. Thank you for posting this! I really needed the smile!
Hahahaha. That made me laugh very loudly. 
Have you considered selling the picture to a card company? My parents keep bees and I'd love to get them this card!
I love bees 
Where is the large one for the queen? 
I read barkeeper and tried to figure out what sort of cocktail machine this was and why it would be cute. 
They’re all facing the wrong direction. No way they lean right. 
This is ridiculously cute.
Your bees are alive? 🐝 
[deleted]
This is so goddamn cute 
I read barkeeper at first and was very confused 
Awwww this is actually so cute wow
u/cexj111
We use to have bees and this is the best thing I've seen all week. May your holidays BEE sweet.
One of the cutest things I've ever seen 
I'm crying at how cute this is. I love bees so much
Why I love Reddit 
This is literally the cutest bee thing I have ever seen. 
Do you paint any other hives or was the tree design just for Christmas? Looks awesome. In Queensland ours are white as it helps with the heat in summer (as well as foam insulation). Yours seems really high off the ground, is that due to bears?
😍
I read barkeeper and was confused
All my bees died this year due to collapse disorder. I don't know if I will start over next year or not! 
Question for a bee keeper: does harvesting honey kill your bees?

I got into a debate about this. I said “no” because otherwise, the honey industry would be single-handedly responsible for the extinction of a species. And then how would bee-keepers even exist?! They’d have to get a new hive every year. 

Please comment your answer so I can either shove it in my friends face or swallow my pride and admit I was wrong. 
This is unBEElievably adorable! 
I read "barkeeper" and was like wtf
I didn't read properly and thought you're a barkeeper, so I didn't understand the pun before I checked the comments lol 
I sincerely hope I'm not the only one who read it as BARkeeper and was in confusion for way longer than I care to admit.
Love this..👍
It's BEEginning to look a lot like Christmas.
This is so creative, cute and festive! I love it! 
I read it as bookkeeper and I was so fucking confused 
You only have 84 bees, or do only the favourites get stockings? 
This is great, but I want to see more pics of this stand!

I need to move my bee in the spring and was trying to think of platform ideas.
That's amazing. As lame as this sounds, the closest thing to beekeeping I'm doing right now is in Minecraft 😂
I plan on trying it one day though for real, it's on my bucket list. 
This **made** my morning! Thanks OP!
Not enough stockings
BEADS??!
Quit pushing your culture on the world
Do you not wrap your hives?  Been a beekeeper in MA for many years and have always wrapped them.  Do you have luck with survival with them not being wrapped?
ah a "low pop" be hive. or do they share those stalkings?
Go check out r/Danked 
Wowzer
Should've put bee related names on them!!😂
I was so confused by this till I saw it said beekeeper not bookkeeper lol.
I don't know how to read.

Simply because I read " I'm a bookkeeper." 

Sat in confusion for 4 minutes trying to understand the post..

Can you tell im new here? 😂
Awwww teeny tiny stockings ! 
I think this is the first time I have been able to use the word apiarist in a sentence. (Ok, that felt good, check that off the bucket list.

   What an awesome pic, thanks for posting. Very giggle worthy!-H
Is it jut me or does that look like a very weird pc
Can you please plant a cannabis garden near by and I will oh you triple for your honey?
What is this?! A home for bees?!! It needs to be at least 3 times bigger!
Weird flex but ok 
Those poor bees
I only wish that I had more than one upvote to give, op. This is amazing :)
I think you are probably missing a couple hundred stockings. Those bees were bad?
Not to be the grinch but there’s no way there’s only 84 bees in there 
why do I not understand the number of upvotes...am I missing something from the picture?
While this is super cute.... winter is the time when all the females kick all the males out of the hive to die. It's very likely that right below the frame of the picture is a small mound of dead bees. 

I'm a realist. Sorry.
Dumbass
Duuuumb, you know they are bees right?
Love it! (Please downvote me)
Wow, what an underwhelming card. 
