That batman looks very uncomfortable but not determined to leave, like “ ‘aight, I’ll be here but this ain’t over”
Blankie and Batman. Everything you need to go to bed. 
Is that a coat for a blanket?? This is more than I can handle. 
The Bark Knight
[deleted]
That’s so sweet! They put Batman with the puppy so he’d protect him while he sleeps!
When my wife or I take a nap, our 2 year old brings us one of his little blankets every time.

It is my solemn duty as a grown ass man to say "oh thank you!" and snuggle the shit out of it while he watches.
[deleted]
Oh my goodness!! The cutest!!!! Your child must just be the sweetest 
now i lay me down to sleep,

i pray deez frens are gonna keep

me with them here when i wake up

cuz i am jes a little pup

don need no cape like batman wears

long as i know deez humans cares

jes give me time, frens - you will see

your 'super hero' i will be!
Oh this warmed my heart, thanks for posting.
Batman is going to be missing a few limbs in the morning. 
Batman can rest easy under good boys watch!
your child knows how to treat this angel 
Look at how much love has already been injected into that puppy's life! Congratulations! On the doggo, and the sweet young child of yours! 
aww his little smile 🥰
R.I.P to that batman in the morning. Ive been around my fair share of puppys and I know whats in store for Mr. Dark Knight.
Stupid question, but what's the breed again?
Has that bat had its rabies shots?
Is this the sequel to the Scooby Doo & Batman crossover?
Goodness gracious. Pup pup is gunna have an amazing life! 
How do you tell a four-year-old to put a dog to bed?
My heart has officially melted
Adorable but has anyone ever mentioned your four year old looks like a tiny Batman. They will bond and be the bestest of friends.

cheers
r/ThatHappened
You have a good 4 year old
/r/thathappened
It was already cute without the fake story 
It's so important to teach kids how to love/respect all animals at a young age. Absolutely hate seeing kids be allowed to treat them like shit, knowing they'll grow to abuse more animals.
Press X  to doubt
So you left your dog with a four year old and then called the four year old and told them to put your dog to bed?
I have that exact same batman plushie! Won it from a prize grabber like 10 years ago.
That's honestly one of the sweetest things I've seen in a long time.
Omg. That is sooo freaking adorable!!

I guess you guys played with that puppy until he was too tired to move!! That is awesome - I can tell he’s going to be very happy with you guys <3
My heart can barely handle this! Sweetest pic to start my day! Batman will keep puppy safe. Your child is on his/her way to being the best friend to that pup. Happy Holidays!
Your 4 year old just made a new best friends. Dogs are the most perfect beings. 
Because everyone can sleep safely when Batman is on the job !
Somebody has to protect the puppy through the night. Your kid is clearly making the right choice with mini Batman.
The cuddler we need not the cuddler we deserve. 
The Bark Knight.
You've done well as a parent
A+ dog sitter! Pay that child!
What a picture. Ooooooooooh to be four again!!!☀️☀️😩❤️😍
He learned the love, tender care, and sweetness from you.  Great job!!
Your kid is going places
You are winning at parenting. :)
Sleep tight, pupper 
Well you did say to do that.
Thanks OP now I'm crying at work 😭❤
I have a strong feeling that lil' Batman is going to become that puppy's forever friend.  Take good care of it.
Yeah I’m sure your 4 yr old did this...
Cause people ask their 4 year olds to put a new puppy to bed. 
Please tell me his name is Scrappy
Your kid is an expert in making puppies feels safe.
Boy did a bang up job, puppy looks to be sleeping great.
The look of happy on his face is the best 
I recognise that pet bed. Is that from Kmart?
Those dog beds are the best. I know cos my little doggo loves them so much!
This is so pure oh my god 
Cute 
I just want to know how he got the dog to actually stay asleep. I've owned dogs my entire life and even IF I managed to get one to fall asleep like that, he'd wake up and sprint back into play mode the second I'd get up
Your kid is the sweetest to be so thoughtful and to share with his new family member. 
No fear for a new puppy when batman is there.
Golden tater tot nugget of cuteness. 
Awwwwwwwwww
Now everybody knows this doggo is not batman cuz we saw them both in one room together
Little people are better than the rest of us. I will die on this hill
I'm Batman. And I'm all snuggly buggly.
dreaming of bat shaped laser pointers.
that pup is gonna grow up in such a loving family
The Bark Knight
Someone please tell me what kind of godly adorable puppy this is so I can go find me one right this moment 
my heart :}}}}}}}}}}
Well yeah, Batman will protect the puppy. That kid has a good head on their shoulders! 
This is so cute I dropped my phone
You're proud, right?  


I would be proud.
Name the puppy Robin, and then it'll be Batman and Robin together.
I am literally made angry at how cute this is.

It's like my sentimental emotional capacity was overrun, so other feelings had to pick up the slack.
Hi batdog
Your little one is a sweetheart.
"It's not who I am underneath, but what I do that defines me."
I get that you have a cute dog and took a cute pic but goddamn is this fucking fake ass reddit LARPing getting old and pathetic. Should have said your kid was crippled and you'd have twice the internet points...
 /r/thathappened
Seems like you have two good boys in your house
Hahaha

“Alfred, cancel my appointments tonight”
It's at times like these I remember being young, and I'm glad I too had a puppy to put to bed like this.

I'm gonna go find some milk and cookies and cry a lot.
Oh shut the fuck up OP. You did not. That shit is posed af.
He got a batman for his puppy. 
Look at the puppy ears 
Everyone needs a protector. 

Even Batman. 
THE CUTEST!!!! my lil chihuahua tucks herself in. She has a blanket she burrows under and we keep it on her dog bed....which lays in the middle of my human bed. haha
holy adorableness, batman!!!
Safest puppy in Gotham 
This is so cute, it ACTUALLY HURT ME
My heart just exploded all over my phone
i upvote because of batman and also the puppy is cute too

&#x200B;
they will be besties :D 
He looks like he could star in his own solo film as Scrappy Doo
A stuffie batman for the baby to sleep with ahhhhh my heart! 
I think I need another dog and I already have 6... you can never have too many animals right?.... right? Please someone tell me I’m right
Batman will protect pupper! This is absolutely adorable.
You should crate train
Gotta say, your kid nailed this.
Double aww..
Looks like a puppy version of Scooby Doo. The collar is the same colour too.
My heart is melting. This is just sooo cute!
So cute!!! 
Adorable!!! 😍
Could anything look more peaceful? Aside from Batman. 
Good taste
I sleep good at night knowing Batman is watching over me. You will sleep good at night too.
We all know that this little adorable puppy is shitting everywhere but how can it still be so adorable is still a mystery. 
This is beautiful 
This made my heart & soul so happy 💕
I loooove how the dog stays sleeping like that.
A good boy
Ahhhhh 😍
Did she consciously put him sleeping on his back like a human? 
Whats the puppy`s name? Martha.....
Dog: uhhhhhhhhhhh it's not what it looks like
Big w shopping i see
Lollllll bat puppy!!!
Gotta have the Batman!
I can't squeal loud enough, this is SO UNBELIEVABLY CUTE!!!
Such heart-warming scene
A watchful guardian, a silent protector.
Aww Bruce is protec lil puppy, it's adorable
Hahahaa! Omg this is the cutest! Thanks for making me happy today 
This just made my day. So adorable. Thank you! 
I approve this.
Good job kiddo!
I can’t wait to have kids 
My face is doing something...omg I'm smiling 
Everything about this is perfect
Absolutely adorable !
How did this happen? If I look at my sleeping dog and even breathe he will wake up and look right me. 
Aww! So cute! 
Awww, what a precious puppy.
I think my heart just exploded!
I 'm petman.
What kind of dog is that? A vizsla mix? He looks exactly like mine did as a puppy.
I want to hear the 4 year old talking to the puppy as he tucks it in
Wait, people these days enforce bedtimes for *dogs*? What
Adoroble
That has to be what my pup looked like at that age!!
The puppy is gold and it's  adorable
How adorable 🥰
I’m just speechless lol
That's a first place aww award.
-dad walks in-
Son, put the puppy to sleep already.
-walks out and kid brings out phone-
How to put a puppy to sleep?
-dad finds dead dog the following morning-
\- heart m e l t s-
are you kidding me? im at work. im trying to get a million tasks done. and now this is all i will think about ALL DAY
Omg, it's looking an amazing. Is It real?
So sweet! 
Your 4 year old is already a better parent that you.
They're going to be best of friends, no doubt!
I cry. So wholesome 
This is absolutely adorable! 
That’s what you get for naming the dog Robin. 
Is he (the puppy) a fan of Batman?
Is your puppy Scooby Doo?
 To be fair, it’s not difficult to get a puppy to sleep.
Aww so Sweet!! First thing i saw on reddit ! Sweet ! 
Mission accomplished
Bat hound has been born.
Hope he dont eat Batman
Is your puppy Scrappy Doo? 
Dachshund?
My cold dead heart is melting !
I see nothing wrong here...
Awe how sweet!  This is the cutest thing I've ever seen
I had that same doll and the superman version as a kidd!! 😍
I'm sensing Lego Batman-vibes about this.

*"Ugh, last time I'll ever leave my handsome post for this."*
And he did a great job
PERRITO
Melt melt melt melt melt ❤️
Is your dog scooby doo?
Omg, you have such a sweet kiddo. :) And an adorbs puppy. :)
💕💜💕
You're 4 year old is a good boy 
I can easily track the bed. 
I used to have a plush Batman when is was a kid and it looks identical to that
♥️♥️
I got a puppie three days ago that looks exactly like her omg
This looks like the morning after and Batman appears to be saying.. "Well this is a first, I could get used to this".  He's got a family again. :)
i can't handle this level of cuteness. My ovaries just exploded.
This is the most adorable thing I’ve ever seen 😍😍😍
I put my service dog to bed exactly like your 4 year old. 
Your four year old definitely has a new best friend! 
This is adorable. Those little paws! 
You called him Scooby right?







 RIGHT?
can someone call this out as fake already or do i have to 
Words cannot express how adorable this is 
I see no problem here.
How sweeeet!!! Oh my goodness! My heart! 
so cute!
This is the type of content that humanity needs
What a good big bro!
That is going to be one very loved puppy!
He just wanted to make sure his new best bud was protected.  So cute!
Hello great server you have got kindy pm me for your promotioal offer 
Soooooooooooooooooooo precious! Your son feels safe and loved. What a beautiful way for him to show it.
Batman doesn’t look too pleased to share the space.   The doggie, on the other hand, is in rem sleep.  Your son did great!

he is so cute!
/r/puppytoys

Puppy toy discussion, ideas and experiences.
That is just so cute!
[deleted]
Such a cute puppy boy ❤️
I don't even like kids but omg my heart.
Lucky you got there fast enough, Batman won't last 5 minutes when that dog gets up... Speaking from experience 
A pup named Scooby-Doo/ Batman Crossover!
Wait... you told a 4 year old to put a puppy to bed, and IT WORKED??? WHAT MIND CONTROL IS THIS?!
One sleepy boi
So damned adorable!
Looks like a job well done!
"I'm Batman."
Pure love!
6th Robin confirmed? 
Cute as a button!!
How sweet! Children are so sweet and pure. They give me hope!
how am i suppose to be a asshole at work today when you guys keep posting things like this ? 
4 yr old is better at putting things to sleep than i ever will be
Well he is definitely safe!  That is so cute.
your pup looks like a mini scooby-doo :’) maybe next time, shaggy will join batman to put the pup to bed! 
Where can I buy that ‘no bullshit batman’?
Because he's the hero the puppy deserves, but not the one it needs right now. So we'll put him under blanket. Because he can take it. Because he's not our hero. He's a silent guardian, a watchful protector. A dark knight.
Definitely from Australia. Hello Kmart dog bed. I also have the same one
Had the same Batman when I was little! Wow totally forgot about him 
Nice picture with Batman and Scobedo
That pup is in for a good life!
Well that’s a new level of cuteness 
Safety first. 
Batman and bat hound 
Please name your puppy Robin! 
That is so precious..
You have a good son. He’s treating his beloved puppy right
It looks like Batman was put to bed, not puppy, but I'll still drool because of cuteness.
That looks like the happiest puppy ever!
Batman got his family back!
Holy shit! The kid killed the dog and is trying to blame Batman
This made my day!!! So precious ❤️
SO CUTE!!! 🌟😍😍
Oof. My heart. That is so precious.
Aww
So pure ! I’m not a fan of kids (ugh, the reddit cliché) but would 100% hug your 4 years old. All tucked in with his batman. It’s so caring and adorable 
"Hooman! HOOOOMAAAN!

Look, look look look... 




...I's Batdog."
r/mademesmile
Cutest thing ever

Cute
Puppies kinda tend to be “new”
^(I'M BATMAN)
#ForTheWin
Why do I see things everywhere with this patterned fabric? What do all of the crosses/plus signs mean, if anything?

Anyway besides that...soo cute!!!!
I want a dog/cat reallllll bad :'(

Btw was he adopted? hope so. 

Edit: Which cynics down voted this?
Twist: the puppy was dead.
Plot twist; puppy is died
[deleted]
