Old man looks great at 79. Glad he has a new roommate to help keep him young. 
My dad (80) is like this. All I hear is my dad yelling, “Damn cat!” & then when we’re not paying attention, he’s him petting him & saying “Who’s a pretty kitty?” 

Edit: Thanks for the Silver, kind person! 🥰
It’s always the dads who are cat-haters and then they end up babying them the most once they have one. My dad didn’t want a cat at all and eventually ended up hand-building an indoor ledge that matched up with a special outdoor bird feeder so the cat could “watch live cat tv” out the window. 
My dad was exactly like this!  NO CAT, THAT CAT MAY NOT COME IN THE HOUSE (\*sounds of pathetic kitten mewing\*) ALL RIGHT SHE CAN COME IN FOR ONE NIGHT BUT HAS TO STAY IN THE BASEMENT

Cut to: "Who's a good girl" and carrying her just like this to her dinner dish every night.  And working around her at his desk at home, and sitting in his armchair with her on his lap until SHE decided to leave.
The cat has a huge shit eating grin
I recall my beloved family cat we had for nearly two decades. My father claimed to despise her because she made a lot of kittens. As the years wound down and we sold the farm and moved into a suburb, my sister came of the age to move out of the house for college. My sister stated  casually, "I.m  taking Heather (the cat) with me." My aging father scrambled in from another room and roared "Ain't no one takin' that cat 'cept **God!!!"**

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

EDIT: Thank you for the Platinum kind Redditor. I have no idea what to do with it but the sentiment is appreciated., I assure you
Adorable! *THAT DANG CAT!*

My dad was the same way when I asked him to watch 4 kittens I was fostering. I made it through finals week and I returned to my Dad’s to pick the kittens up. He had created cat beds in every room so that “Sam and Minnie can supervise” him.

I do not know where the names came from, but that was when they became my feline siblings.

Edit: The other 2 were already spoken for, which is why he only named two. Here's the [kitten pile photo](https://imgur.com/gallery/4SV4ScD) he sent me while I was studying.
Love it! My dad was the same way with our dog. 

When we first got him: We don’t need a damn dog

Now: [directed at my mom] The dog doesn’t like that kind of mustard on his sandwich (he will fix him a little ham and cheese sandwich in a single piece of folded up bread)
I am that guy, though younger. I "don't like" cats. Being practical, though, I took home an unwanted kitten from a farmer's market to be a literal barn cat and help with mice in my barn. Let her stay in the house just the first night, and I couldn't stand to think of her fighting with raccoons etc. She's been a house cat for 10 years now.
My dad never wanted cats but I really wanted one when I was a kid so we got a rescue. Fast forward 20 years later and my parents have 14 cats and my dad remodeled the patio and built a ‘catio’ for them. 

***Edited with link to parents catio and (some) cats [https://imgur.com/gallery/cHGwYsB](https://imgur.com/gallery/cHGwYsB) 
Ha. Your dad is too sweet!

My mother was like this for my first dog. Said she wasn't even going to touch him, dogs are gross! Now she's claimed custody of him because she lives by herself and says "he prefers living with her" and "he's too old to be uprooted". I take him to my place on a strict fortnightly schedule like some kind of estranged step-parent still trying to stay relevant in their child's life. I always feel a little sad and guilty for letting her take him but they're so happy with each other :'( -shuffles off irrelevantly-

edit: [Here's a picture of mum and Hugo](https://imgur.com/web9RoC)
Hehe this is totally my mom. She went from “why did you adopt a cat? Cats are stupid” to catsitting weekly when I traveled for business. Then it went to being the proud cat grandma that has to see her grandcat between Thanksgiving and Christmas every year (now that I don’t live in the same state anymore so I have to fly my cat back home for the holidays too) 😹
That cat knows she's won.

But so has the old fella. 
My dad is like this too! He was against me having a cat, and asked if I was going to “return him” when I moved across the country for grad school. 

He called him the wrong name the first three years and complained every time I brought him home. Then two months ago my mom offered to pet sit while I was working out of state, and sent me daily videos of my dad feeding the cat ice cream and crooning to him. 
My dad (75 years old) has photos of everyone in our immediate family on the fridge. What’s really cute is that he includes pictures of our pets too. 

My mother told me a few months ago that my dad had placed a picture of my cat on the fridge and I thought it was so sweet. Even though I live in another state and he doesn’t see my cat except on holidays, he included her in our family collage. 
Every person is really a cat person 


They bond with your soul man 
My dad always talked about how nasty cats were. When my ex had to leave for army duties, my parents ended up agreeing to care for the cat. My dad especially ended up falling in love with that cat. Designed and Built a custom “cat door” that fits into a window frame. Even patented the design. Set up bird feeders and rocks for strategic “bird watching” for the cat. Did a bunch of garden work to create a nice space for the cat to rest/hide/sneak up on squirrels. Would only buy him the best of the best when it came to food. Bought him treats. Watched cat documentaries to learn about his needs. Took my mom on “pet store” dates. They cried when my ex came back and took him. 

Edit: my house became littered with random Costco boxes that the cat used to sleep in / hide in. My parents were going through some difficult times and the cat really brought them together and was very therapeutic for them. 
She has her own room????
This was the same scenario with my dad. I had to leave country and needed a home for my cat quickly. "I don't like cats. He can stay with me for 2 days" I just smiled....a year later, he was texting me that they were eating crackers and cheese and watching hockey together.
A few years later when we put the ol kitters down it was the first time I saw my father sob.
i am the cat

n this my man

am training him

the best i can

he carry me

to bed each night

is learning how

to do it right

my every wish

is his command

for I am Cat -

miss '*steal yo man*'


That is the face of a princess getting what she rightfully deserves.
Cat is definitely on board with this special treatment.
My grandfather called our dog a rat when he saw first saw him. A week later, our dog was in his lap every second he was on the couch, he took him for extra walks, and fed him meat under the table. 

My dad was also against the dog when we first got him. Eventually they became hiking partners and doted on him. 

One time, my mom saw a one eyed kitten at the vet up for adoption. She was so sweet and young and we had fairly recently lost our previous cat, that mom wanted to bring her home but wanted to ask my dad first. My dad's response was "I don't want no one eye'd cat", or something to that effect. Eventually Mom convinced him to let us just bring her home for a week, as a trial period. I don't think the cat was here for a full 30 minutes before Dad agreed that we should keep her.

That was... 16? years ago, and that cat is still with us. She is old, but sweet and loving as she can be. The funny thing is, she HATES my dad, and only my dad. It's almost like she knows he insulted her.
Aww. My dad was like that. He resisted our first cat, he wasn't allowed into the house at first, and only relented when we'd do it when he wasn't home. We went from that to him needing his own cat after my cat (which I had to leave with them) died. He made up a feeding song which my sisters and I still use to feed our cats, and used to make up songs about stinky cat butts while scooping the cat box. He and my mom had 4 cats when he died. His cat was so lonely without him
What a smug face.
My dad did that for both cats. The first, Eevee, was just to stop my mom from complaining about having a cat. The new kitten, Pika, he was very strongly opposed to. He said one cat was enough. It's been a week and both cats only cuddle with him.
I can relate, I never grew up with pets other than like goldfish or the occasional turtle. My son wanted a dog since he was 3 I told him for his 5th birthday I would get him a dog thinking he would not remember, silly me. Well we finally picked out a dog, well she picked us and we adopted her I had no part in it really since I wasn’t there at the time and it was so spontaneously I just got a phone call asking if they could bring her home and I said yes. Everyone swore they would do everything for the dog and I wouldn’t have to do anything and since my wife was raised around dogs I believed them, again silly me. Well this dog has been glued to me since day one and I her. She doesn’t even like for my wife to touch me most of the time though she is an absolute sweetheart of a dog. Honestly never wanted a pet but now I don’t know what I would do without her.
Lmfao!  My dad is the same way!  He takes her out on "walks" and carries her around outside to get some fresh air.  He's also a big burly black man so to watch him take the cat out every night is a hilarious contrast.  My cat will be turning 17 or 18 this year lol poor girl.
My dad told me he didn’t want me to bring home my golden retriever and that he wouldn’t even like her. Now he won’t leave the house without her and sings to her before bed, which he shares with her by the way. 
Grumpy old man who has heart softened by an unwanted pet is my favorite Reddit meme. 
Your dad is a ringer for the grandpa in blue bloods
My dad is a cat guy. My bf is a cat guy. Cat guys are good. Dogs are awesome but they also are the kind of animal that begs to be loved where cats need to be won over and I appreciate a person who makes that kind of effort.
My dad hated my cat when we first got him when I was young. He even got furious when he had missing chess peices (he is a grandmaster chess player) from his 100 year old wooden chess set, and he ended up kicking our cat Shadow outside for the first time. I remember I had to sneak out and pick him up and shelter the poor refugee in my room. Years later he would talk to him and they were almost inseparable. It's amazing to see how he got under his skin. Recently Shadow died and I never saw my dad emotional, he was legitimately sad and upset and stayed with me in the room with him after he passed. He sat there and gave him pets for over an hour. To this day his ashes are in our living room and he puts his hand on the box everytime before he goes to bed.
My grandpa did this with a dog that just showed up randomly one day. We put up signs, checked with vet, etc. Nobody every asked for it or called, no collar or tags. He was a big boy but he seemed to like us and became kind of protective of the house pretty quick. Anyways my grandpa kept saying, "That dog can sleep outside, he isn't coming inside" and he would kind of step towards him quickly to scare him sometimes, just didn't really seem to like him. I went to boarding school for a while and when I came back he was sleeping in my grandpas room every night and hanging out in the living room watching TV during the day.
You dad looks great at 79. Great picture! Is it just me or does he resemble like the old guy in blue bloods a lot!
That is sweet. I am glad she found a home with someone who loves her like family.
Similar thing happened to me. I didn’t really want any pets. Ex gf wanted a cat. So we got her a cat. At the shelter the cat was all over her and he scratched me. We got home and I let her spend some time in the bathroom with him. A few hours later I decided to go join in and visit her new kitty. The moment I sat down he crawled into my lap and went to sleep. From that point forward he slept every single night on my chest. Whatever room I am in, he’s either on his scratching post in that particular room or on my lap. 


Needless to say. When she cheated and fucked off, I got a cat. He’s such a good kitty. 
The first cat my sister cajoled my parents into getting was strictly an outdoor cat who slept in the garage at night.

Then there was a severe cold wave and the cat was allowed to sleep in the mud room, which unlike the garage was heated. Only "temporarily" of course. Until it became routine.

Then the cat worked himself into the rest of the house, first temporarily for short visits but soon enough as a routine matter.

Then I want off to college and was gone for a few months.

I come back for a visit, and my mom is setting the dinner table for six places instead of the expected five.

Me: "So, we're having company over. Who?"

Mom: "We're not having company over."

Me: "But you're setting six places at the table, instead of the normal five."

Mom (pointing): "That's Smokey's seat."

And sure enough, when dinnertime came, the cat came to the table, sat in his appointed chair, and was fed at the table, on china.
Cats are just awesome. I sleep in my cat's room and bed every night. The dog does too. We have to be quiet and not make such movement in case she kicks us out.
that is so sweet, i did a double-take too because she looks just like [my cat](https://i.imgur.com/lubb9ivr.jpg) (on the right, though i suppose technically both lol). i'm convinced calicos have special personalities!
She looks so smug about seducing him to the cat lovers' side.
"Don't get me wrong, I still don't want this dang cat, it's just here so I gotta do this" 
As a man with 3 cats this makes my night. ❤️
That cat totally ones him. Look at that smug face! So sweet.
That cat’s face is one that says “I won”.
My parents (60) went from "no animal in the house!!" To "let her sleep in our bed in day" in 10 days.
Summary of everyone's dad and cat's love story.
That's the face of one happy kitty!
My grandfather is the same way?? He’s always saying “don’t feed that damn cat!!” when a stray comes around...fast forward a few years after a stray, and he’s feeding our cat using a tiny pink pail.

He jokes that he’s going to kick my toy poodle across the room, but let’s her sit in his chair with him when nobody’s looking. I’ve caught him petting and being nice to the animals after he screams and yells at them to everyone else. 

Melts my heart every time. 
So many comments here... mine would probably get buried but I feel like I have to share my grandma’s story here.

English is not my first language, so please bear with me.

My grandma was 92 who passed away a few years ago.  She was the grumpiest and strongest woman I have ever seen.  For no reason she seemed to be hating animals so much.  She always said it was very common for people to eat pets during famine caused by WWII, cat, dog, bird etc. Her son died of starvation.  She never said she ate animal but I believe her story because I once saw her grab a pigeon when we were in London for travelling.(My mother stopped her). Scared the shit out of me.  Honestly she was the type of old lady kids hated and feared of.

Back when I was little, I reaaallyyyyyy wanted a cat, then one day she brought a ugly cat saying he was used to catch mouse (in my area its still very common for old people or shop/restaurant owner to have a cat to do this).   I named him Patrick.  Funniest thing is Patrick was a grumpy cat too.  I had Patrick for 20years, seldom to see my grandma and Patrick interacted, never petted him, never hugged him, never say anything nice to him.  Always said ‘I am going to kill this damn cat’ BUT when they interacted, it was the sweetest thing to witness.  She kissed his head once, it really melted my heart.  When she was hospitalized in the final days, she didn’t seem to be interested in anything, however when we talked about Patrick, showed his photos to her, she always smiled. Not a big smile, but enough to tell that Patrick really had a place in her heart.

She passed away in 2014, Patrick died of kidney failure in 2015. 

I miss you grandma and Patrick.
Introduce him to the 79 year old lady on the front page :)
[deleted]
It is the whiskered master who sets the rules 
Dads always do this 
Your dad kinda looks like Henry from Blue Bloods. 
After our first cat passed (OJ) I got my dad a kitten, We named him AJ (looks like OJ as well) Dad swore against getting another cat after Oj passed, "I'm not getting another i cant do that again" Got Aj as soon as i could and that old man has loved him since. Oj was 21 when he passed, we got him when he was abot 14, AJ is my dads first real kitten. It's amazing to watch lol.
My parents warned me not to get attached when I started volunteering at the animal shelter. It’s been three years since I started, 2.5 since I adopted my dog. They grilled me to make sure I really wanted him, since he was my first pet to take care of by myself. Now, my dad LOVES when I bring my dog over to visit, and my mom spoils my dog more than I do. 

It also helped them realize that they were ready to adopt another dog (they lost their last two within months of each other), and now both dogs are best “furiends”! 
Cute cat adoption story incoming:

It took a lot of persuading for my dad to agree to adopt the 8 year old neighborhood "outdoor" cat named Harvey. The owners kept him outside and every day he would come up to my mom's front porch to meow until someone came out to pet him. The fact that he was left outside still irks me. He's been *declawed* since kittenhood and didn't have a collar.

So after my sisters and I learned he was about to be given to a shelter, we begged my dad to adopt him. He said no. My sisters and i were devastated, especially since he's an older black cat, which we learned are less likely to get adopted.

A few days later my dad did something my family calls "pulling an American Idol". After overhearing my sisters and i talking about Harvey again he said to us "I've thought about it and, well i don't want harvey........

"....to go to a shelter. We can adopt him." Longest pause if my life.

Now Harvey is a happy and healthy* lap cat at the age of 17. My dad loves him. He calls him his son and whenever my dad comes home stressed Harvey will gravitate to him and keep him company.

I sometimes find my dad sitting in the livingroom at 1am, i'll say "Why are you up so late? Do you not have work tomorrow?" (He wakes up at 6am normally.) His response is always "I cant move,  Harvey is on my lap."

*he's in good shape, he's just deaf. The vet says it explains his excessive meowing.

tldr; my dad finally agreed to adopt a really sweet cat. He often says it was one of the best decisions of his life.

Edit: [Harvey gallery](https://imgur.com/a/EnwG2hr)
He doesn't look 17, he's always been a smol boi :)
Erghhh my dad is always telling us "damn cat better behave!" Always looking stern but when nobody around he'll baby talk to the cat like "ouhhh my ollie ollie, big baby aren't you?" Then they cuddle as they both fall asleep. 

Drives me mad at times.
That’s such a dad thing to say. My step dad says how much of a pain in the ass our cat is, but I still always catch him cuddling her at night! 
That cats face says it all. 
Reading through all these comments reminded me of something. My Dad is the gruffest, ill tempered old git ever at times. But he has a soft spot for all animals. One time he found a robin caught up in fishing line hanging from a tree branch. The poor thing was already gone. He carefully untangled him and then buried him below the tree in a little grave. 
My dad went from “don’t bring your cat over to my house, stupid cats, get a dog instead” to “when are you bringing the cat down for a visit” and coming out to grab her out of the car without even saying hello to me lol 
That's adorable. My husband has bonded with a stray kitten we found near death last summer.  In 26 years this is the FIRST animal he has ever shown any real interest or affection for, and Iv always had at least one cat and dog.  DH literally pets the cat in a back and forth motion dragging the fur backwards on its sides,,,  cat dont care, cat LIKES it and head butts him on the face for more.  Lol 
This is my husband in 30 years.  "Ima kick that cat!" to head boops at his computer desk. 
Everyone changes when they try my mom hated cats like they were her worst enemy yet when I got a cat she never let me hold it
But it every room is her room
I'm pretty sure all "cat haters" would flip flop if they had one.
I's still waiting for my dad to secretly love my kitty.
cat slave.
Isn't that the guy from blue bloods?

I think the best thing about this post is definitely the cats face, making that common kitty stare like "yeah bitch I knew you wouldn't be able to NOT love me. Carry me like the queen I am". Cats man, what can ya do. lol 
[deleted]
Your Dad looks like Henry Reagan from blue bloods!
My mom! Shes one of those people who thinks they like animals but then treats them like mobile plants that she hates because she really didn't want the extra responsibility. But she will never acknowledge that. Anyways, my basically pet soul mate (best pet I've ever had) she basically just decided to not like for no reason. He couldnt go on furniture the previous cat could. But my new boy? Shes absolutely enamored  with. She calls him spoiled but she doesnt protest or get pissy with him on the couch or chair or window with the plants. Even actually pets him. I'm as thankful as i am annoyed by this development.  
Is blue bloods still on?
Ah my dad was the same way and now we have 6 dogs. 
Once you’re old, you acquire the “Impervious to animals” perk. However it’s debuffed by any time spent with animals.
Based on her expression, that cat is really enjoying the good life.
JUST LOOK at her smug little face. That's her human. She knows it. She owns him. It's all over, gramps. 
You infected him with that weird parasite cats give humans. 
Cats are Kryptonite to dads. My dad used to complain about the cat day and night and now 4 years later they watch crime shows cuddled up together by the fire 5 nights a week
That’s my mom with her two chuhuahua’s. She loves the dogs more than her kids. Can’t blame her ;-)
My dad also got angry when I brought my first cat home but now he talks to her as if she is little kid.
My mom ‘hates’ our dog, but my dog loves her and when he got hurt recently he went and hid by her cuz she’s the only sane one in our family. She refused to personally take him to the vet (cuz she ‘doesn’t want anything to do with him’) but was yelling at my dad for taking forever (like 5 minutes) to get out the door with him. Didn’t even bat an eyelash at the $600 vet fee. Can’t fool me woman.
cat knows its won, just look at that face. 
My dad was like this, I bring my cat Isabelle with me everywhere she loves car rides.

Anyway he wasn't happy about us bringing her over for a few days, at first we just kept her in the basement (fully finished not a dungeon) because my dad has a dog, someone left the door open and dog came down to investigate, cat and dog got along great. So cats upstairs at this point, dad sitting on the couch and Isabelle jumps up on him and just lays on his lap and takes a nap, this is the first time she has done this to someone and he warms up to her a bit..

Later that night I'm looking for her everywhere as I was going to bring her downstairs to sleep with us, looking looking looking figure she's not in my dad's room finally open his door and he's sleeping and she's all cuddled up to him..

Every time I visit she always goes straight to him, I'm pretty sure she has changed his view on cats.

Isabelle:  https://i.imgur.com/eM9E9iv.jpg
My mom went from “where did you get that dog?! You need to give her back!” To “where’s my dog?! You can’t just take her whenever you want!”
My dad (70) is like this. All I hear is my dad yelling, “Damn cat!” & then when we’re not paying attention, he’s him petting him & saying “Who’s a pretty kitty?”
This is exactly what I said when I got a call from my ex on my way home from work saying “surprise we have a kitten!”. I said I don’t want a cat, you know I can’t say no to a kitten so please keep it away from me and it’s going back in the morning. 

She caught me sneaking it into bed that very night and we took her back the next morning. 

That evening I couldn’t bare being without her so I told my ex to go fetch her ASAP!

And that’s how I ended up [with my baby](https://imgur.com/gallery/x3ImkI4). Of course I kept her after the breakup!
My dad (sort of) did this with my childhood dog, Max. He would call him a nuisance and say "in Kenya we don't keep animals as 'pets'." After bed time, I would often sneak downstairs and he would be sharing chicken with Max on the sofa, watching football.
That's one smug ass looking cat
Cat only needs a little while to infiltrate the hearts of humans :D
A tail as old as time. 
Hahahaha. That cat knows. Look how smug. My dad is the same. I remember we wanted a bunny and he was anti bunny. So my mom took my out to get a bunny. He kept being anti bunny. Until we found out late at night he would take the bunny out, put her on his chest, and pet her as she ate his chest hair 😂😂
My dad never wanted a cat. So we got a cat. Now several years later all the kids have grown up and moved out and he has 3 cats that all have everything their own custom built cat trees he built to name embroidered stockings hanging above the fire. 
My mom moved into my grandparents house with 16+ cats. They stayed in the garage, well taken care of. My grandparents had a dog and one cat of their own and my grandpa wasn't as fond of the cat as the dog. Slowly he started to really take to a couple of my mom's cats and his favorites made their way inside. My grandma passed and took a huge toll on him, now the cats are one thing that helps him cope and distracts him at least for a few moments of the day. Now he's a cat guy.
I feel all dads are the same. We lost our male Sphinx a few years back out of nowhere and my dad took it really hard. My mom and I started talking about maybe getting another male so our female wouldn’t be lonely anymore. My dad didn’t want anymore cats “I’m tired of cleaning all the shit and feeding them.” We ended up getting 3 more. 1 female and 2 males and my dad couldn’t be happier. I took the runt one of the males to my place but the other 3 are living the life sleeping and being rubbed my dad every night. 
Is it just me or does your dad look like the patriarch of the Reagan family in Blue Bloods (Len Cariou)

Dat cats' face...

"Dis hooman resisted, it haz futiled"

Priceless.
My dad was the same way when I got my cat. They ended up getting super close - she didn’t let anyone besides me and him pet her and even I was iffy sometimes. She was an indoor/outdoor cat but when my dad died she never came back inside our house and adopted a different family up the road.
The look on her face is so smug like "what, you thought anybody could hate me?"
Is this before or after the balloons carried his house away?
I love it when tough men go soft for animals♥️
I love that you said "her room." We have a room for our cat too and didn't know if it was "normal."
my grandpa was the same he always said he didn't like animals or pets but now he's always talking to the cat and she's always sleeping with him. 
My dad is the same way! He hated the cat when we first got her and made her stay in the garage. Now he talks sweet to her, calls her his cat, and they snuggle daily. She tamed him. 
Ol softies 
My late father was exactly the same.  I'd bring my cats home with me when visiting,  and he'd call them "dumb mousers" and then when he made himself breakfast, you'd find him frying up extra bacon for all the dumb mousers, who were sitting at his feet, waiting.  I miss my dad. 
My 12 yr daughter was given a rescue cat by my sister  (without asking us first)  and my husband was not happy. He told her to "keep that thing in your room, I don't want to see it, hear it or smell it". One day she "accidently" got out of her room and sweetly climbed on the couch and onto my hubby's lap, curled up and fell asleep.... he melted like butter.   He now baby talks her and wakes up with her in the middle of the night to tuck her back in.  

Unbelievable story how we got her.... My sister and brother in law rescued her.  Took her home and had my daughter and I come over to surprise her with her. I knew I had to convince my dog loving husband to allow her to bring her home since we have a dog already, so we left her there.  He couldn't say no to her so we planned on picking her up in a week right after my sister moved. She packed kitty up into a crate, loaded her in the back of her pick up and began moving things over to the new house. Got there and kitty had escaped. She had no idea where/ when she pulled a houdini, it was 5 mile move! She called me crying that she had lost her.  I figured, oh well she's gone., there's nothing we can do.  

On her way back to her old house for another load,  on a long stretch of a woodsy road. They spotted Kitty sitting in an open area..as if she was waiting for a ride. They pulled over freaking out in disbelief yelling for her but she ran off. Thyey could not believe what they just saw. She called me and I took my daughter over rto help with the search. We couldn't find her, she was lost again. We had an idea to go to the local shelter and borrow a trap.  We left in the area where we saw her, put a bowl of food in it and left.  The next morning, they found her in the trap.  

The probability that we were going to find her was almost 0. ....we thought for sure she was gone.! She was meant to be ours.  We absolutely love our Kitty Kitty.  
Same thing happened to my dad after my parents had to take care of, and eventually adopt, my brothers cat.
Look at the smug smile on that kitty's face! Loved for sure.
BULL FUCKING SHIT!!!!


There's no way he's 79, he looks way too good to be that age.
"I don't want that dang cat!!!!!......    


To ever leave my side omgiloveyousomuchyousosweetgimmekissesandcuddleses"
I never understood cats. My wife said let's get one. I said no. 11 years ago we compromised and got two cats. Now I 'get' cats. Little shit balloons are the most affectionate and loving creatures you could imagine. You get back what you put in with interest. 
I’ll get a photo when I go over this weekend for Christmas celebration! It isn’t a fancy one, but my mom does have a grooming station 
Lol that cats facial expression  tho, what a sense of accomplishment on its smug little face
The expression on the cats face screams "I win".
Look at that cat's face. That is one well trained human! 😄
Aww, looks so much like my kitteh: https://i.imgur.com/541GoO3.jpg
Look at that smug cat
The cat's like, "yiss bitch"
I wish I could give this all the upvotes!
People who “don’t like cats” just haven’t met the right cat. Possibly any cat. 
Excellent... the circle is complete
Same thing happened to my mother-in-law (89.). The only difference is she made him a bed on the back porch. So far, she will not allow him to come inside. 
The face of the cat is saying "you're mine human " 
Cats sure are good at making humans their slaves 
What's the bet that all these cat haters in the world that end up being cat-lovers have just been infected by the Toxoplasmosis parasite?  The cat knows how to manipulate you into loving it.
Wait, so nobody is asking what is on the computer in the background?
79? Doesn't look a day over 60
He looks like a “that dang cat” kinda guy. 
Sometimes i think i love cats more than whats good for me... Miss my two cats at my parents place so much. Atleast i know they are being taken care of and are loved. 
The look on the cat's face. She so smug
It’s crazy how cats can just come into your life and change things. When my ex left and the last of my family moved out, I was left here with several cats that nobody wanted to claim. One in particular always stayed inside because she didn’t care so much for the outdoors. Over the past few years she became the closest being in my life. Yesterday I had to put her down due to a rapid decline in her health that the vets couldn’t diagnose. I hope your dad enjoys many years with his cat as I did with mine. They are such special creatures. 
Dad didn't want to get attached, but cat looked at him and said 'Oh but you *are* getting attached', and really the moment the cat was in the house it was too late. 
It's so sad that so many men still forget about what affection means and that it's just... _okay_ to express that affection. And pets are usually so cute they can't help themselves. Still, it'd be nice to lose the usual resistance to such an idea. 
That's why he didn't want the cat - because he knew he would have to carry the damn thing to bed every night.
Me on cats as a species: They're an introduced pest that should be eradicated from the country.

Me on almost any individual cat: Aww, who's a cute little fluffer, aren't you adorable!
My 70+yo aunt real badass comments that she doesn't feed her barn cats. They can go and catch mice. Then in winter gets up 5 am to cook them warm porridge 💚
Cats have a tendency to do that.
Is someone splitting an atom behind your dad?
Got food poisoning. Puking for past 6 hours. My urine looks like its orange soda and I want to die.

Ty for this 
All dads are like him...... I caught mine one time whispering to the cat : you know I love you a lot, but dont tell anyone!
Reality is that the cats end up owning you.
This reminds me of the Bill Burr comedy segment of when his girlfriend randomly brought home a pitbull
Are all dads like this?

My dad hated my cat and would threaten us to have it given away to someone when he's annoyed with the cat. Now he js my cat's best friend. Everyday he plays with the cat for about and hour and the cat waits on the porch for dad to come home
Just look at that smug little bastard (the cat).
I see this a lot with men who resist pets. I think part of the puzzle is the fear of opening up and the bottled up emotions some men can keep inside also coming out... It's a risk to open up the dam when it's about to burst!
My dads 54, and we got our dog about 6 years ago and he was not about getting another dog at all. So whenever he comes to greet my dad when he gets home from work it usually follows with “ get outta my way mut”. Funny enough, I always notice after a few beers if my dog come near him he pets and hugs him. Pretty comical. 
My dad always sad that he is a dog-type man since we had a german pointer 12 years and that he hates cats. Couple years later my exgirlfriend pushed me to adopt a cat. Few months passed and my dad had cancer that made him tetraplegic. I had to move out to my parents house to take care of my dad, and of course my cat Bonci had to go with me. Since than, Bonci became terapeutic cat. Normally, when I lay in bed with him a single move of a hand is enough to make my cat angry and go away. But with my father- even when he has a seizure and his jumping in bed like a pneumatic hammer, my cat just lays on his legs and wait when my dad calm down. Bonci sits on his laps abd they just cruisin on the wheelchair all around the house. They are the best friends now. You just have to open your heart a little and amazing things can happen;)
I am seeing a lot of daughters posting about awesome dads.

One day I hope that I can be put in the same bracket.
Cats can convert people sometimes.
My Father hated cats almost all his life, until the “right cat” claimed him.
A feral cat whom he named “Fitzroy” decided to claim my Father as his property, as part of his territory.
My Father came to treasure that cat.
His face just says “don’t you judge me”
Just like my Mom.  Now she loves my cat more than me
She looks so happy to own him!
My dad went from “it’s your dog! If you misbehave I’m getting rid of it!” to taking her out to play fetch all the time and worrying about buying her a blanket. 
I feel like this is in that big book that all dads get. I first learned about it via a Calvin & Hobbes strip.

You learn about terrible jokes/puns. You show disdain for cute animals despite loving them tremendously. Having a thermostat-sense.

I'm sure there's more but I'm not a dad yet.
Nah, he's definitely not 79, looks way younger :)
My dad was initially against me bringing my kitten home. These days, he comes home and greets her before greeting everyone else. He even holds her and tries to pat her to sleep! She would struggle in everyone else's arms except my dad's
Same with my dad, except with a dog. Hell would freeze over before my dad would EVER allow another damn dog into the house, and then his wife’s little sister couldn’t take care of her chihuahua anymore.. “Fine, we can keep the rat but that thing is not my responsibility”. Took him about 2 weeks and now the tiny dog sits on his lap 24/7 and gets carried around like a baby, and the only person the dog doesn’t hate and try to bite is my dad. 
I asked my dad for a cat for years and got a "no" every time, until my older sister got through him and we picked up a kitten and my dad has been giving the cat kisses and hugs since we got her. But really tho, it's so sweet to see moments like these.
Aww, a tortie.
I love that a cute face can change a person's  outlook of things
Tsundere pet owner doing what every tsundere pet owner does (I did, do and will do this with my pets for the rest of my life haha) 
Love is undeniable..true story
The blissful smugness in that cats face is too much!!!
Exactly what happened to my uncle. What was more endearing is that my uncle trained the cat to say goodnight to all members of the family before going to bed. Briefly, before the zoomies kicked in. The cat lasted till he was 21, I think. My uncle will be 80 in a bit. 
You're either born a cat person or you become one through old age, because cats are fucking awesome. They're not needy, they don't need to be taken for walks, they poop themselves! They're the perfect little companions. Currently my oldest cat is curled up next to my thigh and the youngest has made a little pillow fort on the couch, she's quite hidden and content.
Damn 102k upvotes in 10 hours...wow...
My dad was the same way. He apparently hates cats and never had one growing up. Now they take naps together on the couch.
look at her face, she knows she’s the queen
She looks happy and content 😊
My dad was the same way. I wanted cats as a kid, my mom took me out to adopt a cat behind his back one day because he was VERYYY against the idea of having cats in the house. We came home with not only one, but two brother cats. My dad was justifiably pretty pissed off but eventually he warmed up to one of them. I wouldn't say he was close to the cat, but he opened up to the idea of cats.

A few years later, a cat was hanging out on our back porch right before winter. He didn't tell anyone, and behind my mom's back he brought her inside one night. That cat was very much HIS cat. Slept together, lap cat with him, the whole deal. 

That's why I'll never believe someone when they say they aren't a cat person. They just haven't been claimed by the right cat yet ;) 
Grandpa from blue bloods anyone?
That is me with our dog.
I didn't want that dog and now I carry her like a baby to my bed every evening. 

God damn it. 
Is his name John Mahoney?
The cats face is pure smug of "see?"
I think this happens not because they don't love cats, but because they do, and they know how much work it is to provide the care they know they deserve.
Awww
I brought home a friend's goldfish once and my Dad said "I don't want that thing here!"... 

By the time I got out of the shower I came out and saw him leaning over, face 2 inches from the glass "I think you should get him a friend."

Now I have two fish.
Like my father I law. He said he never want dogs or cats in his house. He said always "It is just a piece of brute". Now his neighbour died and left his cat behind. He began to feed her and the cat lives now in his household. Now it is "My best" and he is full of joy.
My Husband said we would only have dogs after our cat passed away. We now rescue abused cats. We have 9 cats, all saved from death, and he walks in the door saying "Where's the babies?".

Your Pops looks so kind. Wish you and him Happy Holidays. Oh, and kitty. 
A great cat will do that to you. Mine sleeps on top of me if her bed isn't next to my pillow in our bed.
lmao the cat knows she's got him wrapped around her finger! 
My first cat who was older than me at the time , didn't really get a lot of attention in it's older years. I guess my dad had a secret attachment to it because one night when he didn't know I was listening I heard him petting her and say "Nobody appreciates you like i do" , it was a pretty cool moment.
Cats are addictive.
My dad does the same thing haha. He like to say that he studies the cats religion. If my step mom asks him to doing something he says "In book 3 "Meow" chapter 1 paragraph 15 I can't get up till Sir Elton John III gets up and moves first." Hes been saying it for a while now and just the other day told me why it was so funny. The numbers he uses 3, 1, 15 spell cat....
When we first got our cat my dad (then 44) was very against it. Now, the cat exclusively sleeps on his lap 
When we first got our cat my dad (then 44) was very against it. Now, the cat exclusively sleeps on his lap 
Old men are like cats, that's why they get along so well.

Trust is earned, not freely given.
Anyone call that number? 
I like his watch
Awww they are so sweet. This makes me miss my cat loving daddy so much. Thank you for posting ❤️
Convince boyfriend(now husband) to get a dog. 

"I don't even like dogs! Okay, but it's not allowed on the couch or our bed. Blah blah blah" proceeds to give a list of rules. 

Dog arrives, he's here for a total of 16 hours before I come home to find them curled up together napping on the couch. 

Now we have 2 and they both sleep in bed with us. 
I moved back into my parents house with two cats. My dad is allergic, so outside they went.

It started getting cold outside...so he bought them a mini house to stay in. Then that wasn't good enough, so they went into the garage at night. Of course, being cats, this meant occasional supervised trips into the house. Then longer trips...and then they were housecats again. 

My dad fell in love with my oldest cat and when I moved out, I couldn't separate them. So now he just takes allergy shots.

It made a huge transformation in my dad. He was very... particular about things and had a bad temper. Once the cats were in the house, all of a sudden it was "aww darn, cat accidentally pooped outside the box" vs. the previous "who the fuck left their plate out." He still gets flare-ups but is overall way more chill. I don't know what is going to happen when that cat dies. He is 12 now and has been with my parents longer than he was with me.
Nothing like dads and cats. <3

My dad is a bit different than most of the stories here. Dad LOVES animals, and he's not afraid to admit it. He has always been against getting animals though, because of how much it hurts when you lose them.

Still, if given the chance to save an animal, he will. Their current oldest cat was found as an abandoned kitten in a truck my dad was fixing up. It was summer, and I was home from college. Dad said that when he catch it, it's going to the shelter. We caught it. It never went to the shelter. Dad said he never really thought the kitten would go to the shelter, really. He knew we'd keep it, even though we had two cats and a dog already.

They adopted another cat recently, in a manner I still don't understand. Something about some guys having the cat in a fish tank in the back of their truck, if I remember correctly? I really hope I don't remember correctly, but dad knew he had to adopt this cat. It's really helped TC (truck cat), who at the time, was the only animal in the house. (If this is confusing, the two cats and dog we had when we brought TC in were pretty old.)

They actually did something similar with an older dog. I guess the owner was going to have him put down, but my parents adopted him and he lived for another few years. He was a good, if very loud (one of those small smush-faced dogs with breathing issues), and enjoyed his time taking camping adventures with my mom.
My dad did the same before we got a cat
Happens to the best of us. Dang cats. 
My dad didn’t want a puppy, but the rest of my family wanted one so he finally relented. Every week he comes home with a new dog toy.
Was your dad in blue bloods?
Shit! If your dad’s that old, how old are YOU!
So sweet :)
My grandfather did the same thing!!! Grandma loved cats, grandpa abhorred them. After grandma passed, grandpa stole a neighbors cat (basically) and she was his heart and soul until he passed this June. He had her so spoiled she would only eat the gravy off canned cat food and then whine that she didn’t have anything. Never touched the actual food. 

I was the very lucky recipient of Mouse when he passed. She’s the best damn cat I’ve ever had. 

Cat tax : https://imgur.com/a/10UnjfU

Cats can be jerks - but lovable jerks most of the time.
Whoever doesn’t love them obviously doesnt understand them. They can be cute, funny, clever, loving, and  affectionate companions. Best of all, not high maitainance like dogs.
When we got our previous cat, my dad was not very keen of having him at first, even saying that he "regretted taking him" somewhere during the two first weeks.

This cat lived for 4,5 years with us and he developed a special bound with my dad. When he died of a heart attack [the cat], my dad was absolutely devastated. I haven't seen my dad cry a lot in my life, but he sure did a lot when that happened.
Wow your dad looks a lot like the grandpa in Blue Bloods such is one of my favorite shows. 
Soft kitty. Warm kitty
I think that's the requirement of old daddies. We Japanese has a term for this behavior: Tsundere. It's the best.
look at the smug look on that cat's face. perfection
To love is to be vulnerable.
Hahaha!! That's great. They always melt your heart
I hope your Dad said that like Boomhauer :)
I never seen so many upvotes on one post.
My heart! I love this so much. Thank you. 
Awwww 🥰🥰🥰🥰😍😍😍
Reminds me of my Stepdad who complained almost constantly about the new puppy coming. Now, they are attached at the hip and snuggle every night.
Smug cat is smug.

My dad is exactly like this
This is the cutest thing I've maybe ever seen. 
To be fair this could be exactly the reason he didn't "want the dang cat". Old man knows his weakness!

I'll likely prefer to be known as a well-done curmudgeon by this age.. not a "cute old man with the little kitty"
Is... is someone watching windows media player in the background??
Glad he got with the program.
My mom (68) didn't want a cat, but now when she's returning from the grocery it's a total catastrophe for her if she didn't buy any treat for him. This morning she was apologizing to him for she accidentally shut the door right before his nose. 
[deleted]
My dad tried to convince my mom from going to the vet to put my old blind cat down and instead having “my uncle Gary shoot it in the woods and bury it for free.” My dad cried at the vet when we put her down.
My dad is the fucking opposite. He's asked for dogs a lot. And then when my sister bring her boxer and chocolate lab mix over they would play a little rough and he can't handle it. He doesn't get emotionally or physically abusive, but you can tell. We got a cat, my mom feed the cat but all the cats we've had are outside cats, doesn't matter if it's cold outside. All but one of our cat has ran away. They don't take care of the cat even when it's clearly sick. I've only been able to take care of it recently when I graduated.

When I move away I'm taking that cat with me! And they're never getting a cat or dog again if I can help it.
I know a few people who "didn't care for cats" until they got one and became the most adamant cat-lovers.
Another person falls under a cats evil spell. More cweam! More tuna! More feasts that are fancy!
You just know that man knows how to make a well-done steak and make sure his water ain't got no lemon in it.

"You want a job? Well just go up to the manager and ask for one."

"I just don't see why pretty girls think they need to shave their heads" 



Ahhh... Grandpa... 
My mom is 42 and says, " No dogs allowed in the house."

Im like, " By the time I buy my house. I will adopt a puppy."

I bet my mom will say, " Who's a good puppy!"

I'll say, " Remember when you said no dogs, lol."
I prefer dogs but the cats that behave like dogs I like too. Basically any animal that follows me around and like being pet is ok by me. My boy rotties follows me everywhere and sits right next to me , my girl rottie prefers her couch but she will come looking for me when she feels lonely or needs a scritch.
They have the same facial expression
Your dad looks 62 at best 
My mom hated when i brought home the puppy, having her signature “WTF DID YOU DO” face and literally asking, “why did you get that?”

Now she tries to get him to sleep in her room every time, buys him gifts all the time, etc. lol
My dad loves to play with cats but he is not brave enough to face my mom if he ever manages to get some nerve and bring one home.
Me and my sister are really unlucky in that regard because we are allergic to cat saliva. I loved to pet cats and stuff but now I just can't because whenever I get into contact with them my eyes swell up to a degree I can't see anything. There are pills to prevent that but I still get the sniffles.
Sometimes the most difficult hurtle is love. 
My stepmom took me out to get a dog. Admittedly, one of many stupid decisions on her part. 

My dad was furious. He didn't want another dog. 

I named him nibbit because he kept giving me little nibbleswhen he got excited in the pet store. 

My dad still has nibbit about a decade later and they're best friends. 
Yeah.. My daughter had to have a cat.. I said no absolutely not.. You will just move out then I will have two animals that are mine.. Fast forward 9 months later she moves out and I now have to fit the cat and shih tzu in my lap on a nightly basis....  I can’t say I didn’t know it was coming...
Sometimes gramps justs needs something to love. 
This is also my dad (55). Within a week they were inseparable. 
My family owned a cat until we moved and had to leave her at my grandparents'. My grandma loves her but my grandfather (who is dealing with pretty onset dementia) haaaaates her. Everytime he's in the car riding shotgun and happens to be going by the Humane Society, he always says he wishes he wouldn't forget so much stuff because he keeps forgetting to return the cat to them. He's a melancholy kind of cute.
My mom was violently allergic to cats. But allowed us as kids to have one. She would call him the "damn cat" constantly. But over the years she would flea dip him and take care of him. Even when my room was his preferred place to sleep. 

And she was the last one to see him leave at 15 with feline leukemia. She did a cross stitch that is in the guest room that says "love me, love my damn cat" and any time we visit we see it. Reminds me how much my Mom would go so far for her kids.
Your dad looks like the guy from the disney movie Up
A lot of the people who care for animals the most will be the most resistant to adopting new ones because they understand how much time and energy it will take to care for them. The people who are gungho to adopt a new pet every year are often the type who don't train their pets, skip yearly checkups, and overall neglect them.
Same thing happened with my big brother nut with a dog, he was like: we are seriously not getting a dog, well there he was petting her and sleeping with her
I used to rescue cats and bring kittens home to try to socialize them and find them homes. My mom likes animals but would rant and yell 'godamnit I said no more cats in my house, I'm not taking care of them! You better find them homes!'

Well I got a new job suddenly and had to move out of town before I found homes for 5 of the kittens, so I was going to take them to a farm (all the shelters within 2 hr radius were full). 

And that's how my mom got 5 cats. She couldn't bare to put them on a farm 'after they've become used to inside life'. I get my soft heart from her...
This is was a successful  domestication  by the cat!
That’s adorable 
I have no cat nor Dad, love seeing this kind of pics, so heartwarming! 
cat is not good for asthmatic people.
Dad has got the “oops you got me” expression.
Cat has the “see he’s my slave now” expression.
Cats are too pure for life. They get a bad reputation but the pure thought of my cats toe beans makes me weak haha cats are the best 
Ha! Reminds me of my father-in-law before he died. My mother-in-law's parents had rescued a stray not long before they died and so she took in the cat when they died. My father-in-law insisted he didn't like cats quite vociferously on the regular, but when my husband's young cousins would visit he would firmly dissuade them from disturbing said cat as it took its daily long naps in his in box warmed by his desk lamp. 

Which is when we began to notice every afternoon the cat would settle into his in box on his desk and he would redirect his desk lamp to warm kitty's chosen spot. When we teased him, he grumbled about it keeping "that animal" off his keyboard. 

It was also around that time we began to realize the cat would settle underneath the end table by FIL's favorite chair whenver FIL settled in to read the paper or watch TV. The reason was FIL would slyly reach down underneath the table and scratch under the cat's chin and behind his ears. FIL thought we couldn't tell what he was doing due to the placement of the aforementioned table in the corner, but it turned out you could see everything if you looked just as you rounded the corner from the kitchen.

When my FIL's cancer got bad and he was in a lot of pain the cat stuck with him all the time. Wouldn't leave his side hardly at all. And my FIL had not one bad thing to say about the cat then, either. I think it comforted him a lot to have someone who wasn't bothered by any of his bad moods or anything, just always wanted to be near him and give him love.
The smug look on the cat's face is priceless. She's like "I have him wrapped around my little finger..."
r/suspiciousquotes
Cats know who dislike them and intensely focus whatever little love the posses on that person. Like a cat? Fuck you. 
I think this is all men with cats. I didn't want a cat. My SO wanted cats. So we compromised and got two cats and now I can't leave the house without half an hour of cuddles. I got a bunch of cameras so I can keep an eye on them from everywhere, etc. 
"Dad hold my cat" "why?" "Its for reddit"
His reaction is basically an older person's full blown smile.
My dad (63) doesn't particularly want any pets, and will tell people as much, but whenever he's owned a cat, they are practically inseparable, every cat he's had curls up and sleeps in his lap, a feat I've never been able to get any cat to do with me.
My dad likes dogs and cats☺
My dad is similar. He was so mad when I bought home a kitten about 5 years ago that I thought he'd have a heart attack. 

Since then have acquired another cat and both have nicknames which I hear him calling them when he's giving them a good stroke. He thinks no one is around but we've all heard it.

(Scruffy bollocks and shaggy bollocks, not sure why, both female)
My dad wouldn't let me get a cat until I turned 18 and started paying rent. Now the cat sleeps with him every night, and if the bed isn't made my dad will go make it so he can lay in a fresh bed.

He hasn't made my bed for me sense I was six and i'm his actual child.
I can understand his hesitancy. Owning a cat is generally seen as feminine in our culture, while owning a dog is seen as masculine. I get that on an instinctual level. Dogs are much more manly in the traditional sense than cats. 
Your dad's face reads like he wants to love and protect her forever. I love it.
I miss my cat :’)

Rest In Peace Lucy. 
He looks like granpa from blue bloods
The cat has its own room?! I want my own room...
He looks great for 79!
Cotton Hill?
Cute. side note your dad’s skin is amazing he looks in his mid 60’s at most!!
My step-dad is the same 
Good for your dad  - eternal soul saved!
Her expression is like "ha, got eem!!"
Such a  cunning and funny Dad
My parents don't like dogs (or rather any kind of pet animals tbh).

My mum had a Pomeranian but it died and she couldn't stand it (and the dog always hated her; came to her only when it needed food or wanted to go to loo)

My dad's distant relation died because of a dog and hence my dad is allergic to it. 
My dad didn't like cats. Until he and his wife got two. Then three.
Now they don't like to go out because the cats will miss them. Smh.
This cat is going to have one spoiled life 
Happens every time 😉😇😻
Your dad is cute
Aaaw look at that sleepy face ready for bed
Thats how parents' love works.
TLDR: same situation with my dad but with a dog. Adopted dog, dad became attached, dad got sick and bonded with the dog. Dad for better. Dog died, and my dad still misses him 2 years later.


Although this is slightly different, my dad was the same but with the dog that we had. Never in my life had my dad owned or taken care of a dog, since all his life he grew up with cats. An important point to note is that my family is very religious and one day my mom was flipping through magazines and saw a picture of a Lhasa apso dog with white and brown fur. She thought to herself that it could be cool to own a dog like this.

One day we received a call and it was an acquaintance of my mom’s who had called and told us that a family she knew had a dog they had to put up for adoption, and was wondering if we’d be interested. My mom who loves all animals and especially dogs, was thrilled after hearing this and immediately accepted the dog to come over as a screening. When the dog cane the acquaintance came with the dog’s breeder and all of his items (bed, toys, bowls, etc) and basically dropped him off for us to take him. At first my dad was utterly opposed. He wouldn’t look at the dog and was frankly disgusted. Now slowly over time my dad would play with the dog and change his food and water bowls and most importantly feed him beef and other meats as the dog would sit by my dad at the dinner table patiently waiting for some meat.

As time progressed my dad became very ill almost to the point of death. He had multiple rectal infections and was in agony for four years. During this time the dog (we named him Kody) would be by his side at home accompanying my dad. Shortly after his injury my dad also lost his job and times were tough for our family but we preserved and Kody stayed by my dad’s side through the four years that he was injured. Once my dad got better however, Kody started getting sick and eventually stopped eating and drinking. He went down from a strong 20 pound dog to a scrawny 8 pound nothing in a matter of weeks and we eventually put him down after we couldn’t stand to see him barely move and not even sniff his favourite food: beef. This was over two years ago and my dad still talks about him and calls for him sometimes. Makes me sad thinking about it but yeah.
That was me with every single cat. I was a dog person, damn it! But kitties have won me over somehow.
So sweet. Every time I see a similar post I get closer and closer to "I should force one on my dad too." But I haven't started proper work yet and as I'm still living with my dad I kinda respect the "my house, my rules" thing. 

But right now I thought that maybe I could do it like a few weeks/months before I move out and see what that entails. 
The cats face, it looks so dam comfy
Your dad looks like a classic all American old man from central casting 
My dad is like that with his dog. Carries it and talks to it like a baby.
Well, they learnt to love us...so
This entire thread is so wholesome, I love it!
Resistance is futile. 
She clearly hates it /s
My dad disliked my cat after we took it in, but 2 years later my cat now has an outside hut with insulation. LOL.
I would like to have a kitty like that
My mom hated animals in the house. Not animals in general, she just couldn't stand hair in the house, or the smell. I moved in with a girlfriend 5 years ago and we broke up a year ago, played a broken heart card and brought a puppy home. House stinks like dog, floors are full of hair at times (she's a nurse and I'm at uni a lot), but she loves him. Every time she unlocks the door the doggo assaults her with attention and won't go away until being pet for at least two minutes!
I work at a nursing home some of the residents we get have to leave their fur friend behind and it hurts them so much it makes me so sad but we have a lady who comes in with her cat and dog and they all just love it.
He secretly always wanted that dang cat
Her face is so smug. She’s like “yes my plan is working nicely!” So cute 
why do we like cats so much?
The cat got its own room??
This man is 79?! God bless him, he looks great! 
All dads are like this when a cat is first introduced.

It is inevitable.

Well cats can do that.....they have a very bad habit of taming you🐱
Your dad reminds me of Uncle Stan from gravity falls.
Ohhh look at the cat's face, it says I own him lol
That Darn Cat.
Heart ❣ stolen ❣️
That's how Dads work.  Scratch that....that's how men work.
Happens Every. Single. Time with men...especially the older ‘dang cat’ variety of man.
Where do yall get parents like this? Mine still hated my rat.
Well calicos especially have this power over people. They're hard to say "no" to. 
papa bless
We took a stray in and she was pregnant with 5 kittens. Too many for us and we got good homes for 3 of them but ended up keeping the ones we literally couldn't give away to save them from going to a shelter and ending up go knows where. Trouble is these 2 kittens just don't trust me, despite saving one from choking to death it runs away whenever I'm around. What's the best way to get them onside?
My dad is the same way! He'll "complain" every day about the cats hopping on his desk, getting fur on his bedsheets, etc. But every time the cat gets on his desk he baby talks him and pets him. When the cat hops up on his bed, they cuddle. I know he loves them more than he lets on.
That’s how they get ya! :)
The cats face is just like "awwwwww ye this is the life, I'm queen here"
Yeah both my parents were against me having a cat. Dad would call her a scraggy old thing. And mum is allergic to cats so her disposition was to do with that really. Now they both love it when she comes and sits on their laps.

P.S. Did you guys know that when you live with a cat you get used to that particular cat, so even if you are allergic in general, you stop getting affected by the cat you live with? It's awesome. 
Look at her smug little face.
The cat knows. 
This is how I carry my cat 🙃
Cats will do that to you
That’s really sweet. 
Ye, when I lived at home I had a cst. And my dad said he  didnt like it, one summer when we got home from a little vacation, the forst thing my dad did was going and hugging the cat
My mom hated the idea of getting a parakeet. But when we did, she immediately fell for it and occasionally chirps with it
Looks like the old man from blue bloods? 
aww old habits die hard
Character Development 
Looks like a happy cat!
That cat’s face says “Yeah, I’m pretty used to this by now. It’s a good thing I’ve got going on here.”
My old cat had to be put down today. Dad was also sad and helped take care of her so she could go in peace. They are amazing little souls
I can relate to this with my dad (60), he refused to get a dog, but now he loves them the most. I think that he didn't want to be in a position to lose something he loved. 
He knew what would happen.   If he got a cat he’d have to carry that damn cat to bed each night..... or it’s gonna get into some plants while he’s sleeping a make a mess of the house.   

He’s gotta babysit the cat every night.  
My dad also has a tricolour cat. She’s fucking scary. No one ever pets her even less holds her because she will turn on you and claw you to death. The only one she didn’t attack was my grandma. 
This man is brave. 
It's that he doesn't want the cat.. it's that at that age you want to stop dealing with loss whenever possible.
Reminds me of my grandpa. We rescued a half-Collie/half-Golden Retriever dog from the pound when I was a kid, but he didn't want us to. Later we saw him pull a chair up next to her in the backyard, talking to her & petting her :D Miss that man so much. RIP Gramps! <3 
This is how I'm going to be about kids............ 
Your dad looks like Victor Garber! 
bless this man
That's the brainwashing power of toxoplasmosis
Happy cake day!
Haha maybe he took time to realise that cats are the only thing that cant be ignored😂😍cats  are special. 
That's the power of cats ladies and gentlemen.
My brother went from not liking my family cat to now in his apartment sleeping with one (who is his fiancés) and treating it like he has a child
Can never resist a cat
Lol well it do be like that sometimes 🐈
Your dad is  almost 80?? Looking good!! :) 
Cats are great companions when they're not assholes. If my grandma were more mobile I'd get her a cat.
This was my dad when we adopted a small abandoned kittennas our 4th cat. Ended loving the shit outta every one of them.
Dang Cat 1
Dad 0
Cats, uh, find a way.
Cats do have a way of charming a person. 😻😻
Oh my God, my dad was the same damn way. “No damn cat”. Every night and morning it was all about the cat when my mom said that she was going to get one. It became his cat from day one. So sad that he missed out on what a cat can add to your life. RIP Dad, it’s finally Moms cat ! 
That kitty looks just like my kitty! [Here’s Marcy!](https://imgur.com/gallery/SPQ8CcU) 
To be fair, that looks like a particularly precious cat. You can't expect dainty paws like that to walk themselves to bed.
OP, thank you for posting this, the thread is now filled with heartwarming stories of gruff old people making room in their hearts for furry friends. I’m so comforted by all the love. 
I’ve never liked small dogs. Every experience I’ve had with them has been awful. I love dogs though and I’ve never owned one myself except for the family dog when I was a teen, but he was a big dog and my step mom took him in the divorce. Well my gf had to give away her pit soon after we started dating and she was absolutely heartbroken and rightly so. Less than a year later her sister surprised her with a little mutt named Banana. I was happy she got a dog and she was beyond excited. She actually started to cry uncontrollably when they walked her in. But the dog was small and I was dreading what I thought this dog would eventually become.

Of course I fell in love with it soon after. She was the sweetest little thing in this planet. So full of energy and just wanted to play and cuddle. She had a rough upbringing too so that made me all the softer towards her. I’ve got so many pictures and videos of that dog being the smartest, cutest, most loving thing ever. 

This girl and I broke up not that long ago. As heart breaking as it was I was equally as heart broken over losing that dog. I miss them both a hell of a lot, but Banana never hurt me, just loved me, and that makes the pain much sharper.

But I know Banana is being well taken care of and is as happy as can be. I’m just happy I got to be a witness to that even if it was only for a couple of years. Love your pets and your family, folks. You just never know. 
Tortie magic
It happened to me too! I used to hate em but now my kitty has changed my mind. 
This is so sweet! 
Love transforms us all!
Yep they grown on you, my Maltese is the same, carried from the couch to my bed each night. There's issues if he has to walk, lol 
It’s funny I have my own impersonation of your dad in my mind haha 
I love this. 
The cat is like "EEEE BOIIIIII"
my grandpa was the same way when my grandma brought home their puppy, that changed quickly haha.
Classic parent move
And this is how cats domesticated themselves.
Us old farts become kinder as we age, I actually let my wife decorate the bedroom and kitchen. Own the house 35 years been married 3.
Was your dad a professor of sedimentology at a college in NH? 
Her face says it all, "Don't you wish you were me?"
This is so sweet! I wish I could do the same with my mom. She is afraid of all animals. So much so that we had a pet for a single day before she had to find a new home for it. Imagine bringing a pet home, barely coming up with a name, and then \*poof\* gone.
My husband is THE SAME!!
My dad is the same way. When I moved to my current state I asked my mom to keep my dog until we got settled. My dad was pissed. We grew up with no pets in the house. He went from she sleeps outside to she slept with him in the bed with her head on the pillow beside him. Then when I asked for her back he refused. He just now gave her back to me 10 years later bc he’s getting older and sick and can’t give her the attention she needs. 
I have heard cats domesticated us and they only meow for humans, if this is true, kudos to the feline. 
This warms my heart. My dad was the same way with our dog. When my sister brought him home he said ‘I don’t want that fucking dog in my house.’

The next morning we caught him petting him and feeding him scrambled eggs saying ‘who’s a good boy?!’

We had that dog for 17 years. RIP Ducky.
My dad (80) was the same way about cats.   
He didn't hate them but found no use in them.  People were always dumping cats and dogs out in the country where my folks live.
But one kitten born to a stray female that we fed won him over. 
A Maine coon I named Cody(he passed some years ago) changed my dad's attitude about them forever.  
He loved that floof like a son. 



When I met my boyfriend (now husband) I had one cat and was thinking about getting a baby cat to be her friend. He was very against it but now that baby is 4 and his daddy carries him around and gives him more kissies than I have ever gotten out of him. 
That's sweet
smug ass look on that cat's face. 

i love cats.
My dad was this way when I brought home a little stray named Misha. When I moved out a couple years later he refused to let me take Misha because it was 'his baby'. They do everything together, even when my dad shaves in the morning he has Misha cradled in one arm so they can coo at each other.
Its always the people that don’t want cats that cats tend to love and follow the most. 
I don't suppose your dad is a school teacher who only has [one nice outfit](https://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/northamerica/usa/10159091/US-gym-teacher-becomes-internet-hit-after-wearing-same-outfit-for-40-years.html)?
I think all dad's are like that. My stepfather found a litter of rabbits when mowing (the mower ripped to top of the burrow off) 

After a few hours of watching from back near he house and no rabbits coming as it was getting dark he brought them inside and hand fed them all. They lived for a just over a month and suddenly all died one night together
My dad is the same way with animals! He "hated cats" when my stepmom got a rescue kitten, and within like 2 weeks she was posting pictures she secretly took of him cuddling the little fuzzball while he thought no one was watching.
When I first met my husband he told me he HATED animals, all animals.  Now he spoils my cats worse than I do.
When I was a kid the same thing happened to me. My dad didn't want a cat but my mom, my sister and myself all did. We finally got one, and when we brought the cat home my dad mad sure to announce that it would be my sisters and my responsibility to train the cat to go in the litter box, and make sure that she didn't get into anything.

We were both really young and my cat didn't want to be held 24 hours a day. So my cat would sometimes hide from us. But at night my dad would be the last one to go to bed, and if we got up in the middle of the night and went to the living room we would see my dad snoring on the recliner while the cat was in his lap purring. Happened all the time. They loved each other. 
When you don't have a cat, you don't have to clean or feed or deal with anything. He's not saying he won't love an animal. He just would have chosen not to have one.
He looks like the grandpa from up
Cats Know how to covert you. And then they have us all under their furry thumbs. 😍
Поясните прекол просто я из деревни
I have nipples Greg, can you milk me?
Your dad looks like a real life version of Mr. Frederickson 
my parents are the same way. i had begged for a cat for my entire life and then the neighbors took in a stray that the husband was allergic to and now he's my cat and he's my mom's favourite living thing on this planet
This man does say darn he says dern.
Anybody else pee on the side of the toilet to make less noise?
Guess that Cat loving brain infiltrating virus is actually a thing
Your dad looks like hes going to paradise falls by tying a bunch of balloons to his house :3
Reddit will break your heart. 
Ah yes. A severe case of toxoplasma infection. I suspect his older immune system just couldn't deal and now he is programmed to love cats.
That face says: I’m not as disappointed in her as I am in you.
Damn, an entire tsundere arc in one sentence.
Isn’t it a calico?
Resistance is futile!
That’s my dad af with my Yorkie. He always says he hates her, then proceeds to sit alone with her at night and read and love up on her 
I miss my cat.
Your dad is cool cat.
LOL they are both adorable!
😍
He looks like the guy from up
Minnesota?! These guys are so anti-cat until they meet their kitty
He looks racist.
Dads never hate cats
Caught, cat handed !!  
At first I thought it was Mr. Dressup!
professor Martin Stein from the flash had a cat?
My dad didn’t want a cat but now it is almost as if it is his cat :)
so cute!
He looks like every prof I've had 
Why does your dad's head look like it's photoshopped into the frame 
It’s only because you idiots don’t know how to do it right. 
There has to be a subreddit dedicated to this concept. Or is there already? 


He's adorable 
So lovely

People sure do get attached to their animals as they get older...no doubt about it.
That cat is literally looking down on OP 
My dad was the same, so sweet
Top 10 anime redemption arcs
Wow! That reminds me of my grandmother (90). Begrudgingly watching my sister's cat for a couple days. She at first said "Leave that cat in the basement" but later that evening, the cat was cuddled up next to her on her bed sleeping...
The cats win every time. 
This is sweet
I said this in a different post a while back. My dad (51 at the time) was always explosive angry growing up. Brought a kitten home 3 years ago. I dealt with the explosion. A few days later he got attached. Now it’s like watching this weird version of my dad with the golden child 😂
I think its more fun for him to love her personally. And he wants to look tough with his emotionz in front of others. 
Same with my grandpa and pit mix
My grandpa is the same way. When we got him “stupid cat.” Now it’s suddenly “his cat”.
Absolute maddad! The cats always win
Your dad looks like an old TheJwittz, the pokemon youtuber.
My cats all chose my gf :-(. Except for one, but sadly she died during anasthesia when fixing her. What hurts the most is that her sister, which still lives, chose my gf, even though I raised her. I had to hand bottlefeed them, as they were abandoned at 2 weeks, every 3 hours for almost a month. That means getting up 3 times during the  night to heat milk and make purritos and force feed those little squirmy shits. Worse part was that they were allergic to the damn formula, and after a few weeks (when they started to shit) I had to start washing them in the sink aswell. It was all worth it though, because they were awesome, but deep inside it hurts a little bit when she prefers my gf which basically did not do shit...
My dad, also in his 70’s was the same way about my doggy when we first got him. He became best friends with Winston all the way up till his passing. They became inseparable. 
Same thing with my mom and stepdad. They were adamant about having no more animals, until a stray kitten jumped onto their shoulder a few days ago. I’ve seen a side to my mom I haven’t seen since I was probably a baby. As they say, “Jerry” adopted them, not the other way around.
My dad (65) was the same, when we got the cats 4 months ago, but now all he wants to do is feed them and cuddle with them when ever he is sotting at home working
Look at how pleased that cat looks. "ive gotchu now old man." 😆😆
When older people say they don't want pets I just assume they have a reason for it other than not liking them. I would probably be just like this person - no dogs, no cats - but would immediately warm up to the new pet. I just don't handle the eventual loss well *at all*. The real cost of giving an animal a better life is the pain that comes afterward, like you are agreeing to take on their potential pain and loneliness to be paid at some future date in order for them to have years of happiness. It is always worth it, but not everyone is willing to step in front of that bus willingly - like this person, some people just need that extra push.  
  
I think a lot of it also has to do with the way some people view life. Some worry about future events, others live life in the present. I am one of the former - "If you never say hello, you won't have to say goodbye." - The Greatest Adventure, The Hobbit
Classic hah
some boday like  sleep w/ cat but sometimes it's weard  but its cute 
Your dad looks like the main character of Up
My dad very much insisted we would never get another cat (we already had two). My mom then finds a kitten abandoned in one of her rentals by the tenants that had moved out. My mom begs to bring it home, just until she can find it a new home. My dad says no, knowing that once that kitten was brought home it would never leave. Eight months later she’s still here, my dad affectionately calls her “Slink” and “Critter”, let’s her sleep on his chest, and likes holding her so she can catch the “buggies” on the wall.
My grandfather has always been like that. Any pets they've had were my grandmothers and he kept away claiming allergies, though when one of their pets passed away he was always hit the hardest. He was so standoffish with their pets that none of them really interacted with him on their own. 

Fast forward to our current cat, she crawls all over him, wakes him up for cuddles, and hangs out on the back of his recliner and naps with him. My grandfather can't get enough of her and is seemingly amazed that she wants to love him up. In the mornings he can't wait to tell us about her antics from the night before. 

Recently, I found out what probably was behind his aversion to pets *and* why he doesn't like chicken. He was born at the start of the depression and at one point in the early 40s they had a chicken as a pet, he named it and fed it and they ran around together. It was his buddy. Until my great grandmother had him help her turn Chickie into Sunday dinner. Can't blame him for being standoffish with pets. 

I'm so glad our girl is just a lovey who hasn't met a lap she doesn't like. He's fairly sick now and I'm glad he has been able to re-experience the love and bond that can only come from a furball. 
Your dad looks to be a great man!

My mom once brought home a kitten, and my dad was absolutely against having another pet.

That very same night, I walked into the living room and my dad was asleep on the couch with little Thumper asleep on his head.

Throughout Thumper’s life, she loved the hell outta my dad and would act like a perfect little angel around him.

Anyone else comes by, and she’d flip out, scratch, hiss, etc.
your dad looks like the grandpa in blue bloods. 
Wow your dad looks exactly like my dad. Any chance you are decendant from the english house of Nevilles?
66666......
Not gonna lie, this pic is adorable

That being said, your dad's facial expression gave me the impression that he was in a hostage situation.
My grandparents did this. My shitty addict uncle disappeared (and later died, good riddance) after he had been staying with them for a while. Left behind this feral ass cat he named “Kittie” with an ie for whatever reason. My grandma hated it. The cat would hiss and bite and scratch but wouldn’t just go somewhere else, refused to get put in a car, etc. Grandparents bought food, then a scratching post, then a bed, tower, toys... it is firmly their cat now and they love her to bits. She’s their baby now and I honestly think it’s really great for their health to have someone to take care of day-to-day. 
Reminds me of when we adopted our only cat. A decade back my Brother rescued this abandoned kitty from heavy rain and it looked like it won’t survive the night. My mom was like only for this night and then spent the entire night keeping the kitten warm, so we knew mom was converted. Dad was like nope no cat and went to work the next day. Dad had this habit of lounging on sofa watching tv when he came back from work. So that evening he came back from work and we were unable to find the kitten in the house. Turns out she was sleeping in the crook of his neck while he was watching TV. We had her for 8 years. She knew we were her slaves and acted like it.
It's been a long rough road, but we can now commence with final plan of the feline over throwing of our governm...... I mean what a pretty kitty
That’s the face of a cat who knows she’s won.
Is this the dude from blue bloods 🤣🤣🤣
Cats can do that to you. My partner didn’t like cats but he has fallen in love with my cat sunny. I overheard him the other week telling her how pretty she is. 
"the hooman slave now does my bidding my plan has worked" 
This is why he didn't want the cat.
This guy looks like Rob Dyrdek's dad
My grandmother was the same way. She always had a cat, but she *insisted* it was only for keeping away pests. Every single cat had a name, but she would generally refer to all of them as "Mouser" regardless, as if to prove they were only there to fulfill a purpose, but every once in awhile you'd catch her being cute and cuddly with them.
This is how cats domesticated themselves, you only thinkkk you don't like cats...
The cat has trained him well. Good kitty. 
I'm a dad. With a cat. I'm waiting for the helicopter guys to come to the door to see if I have any 'lake-droppers' to share. 'Damn cat' is a moment of wisdom. The word 'kitty' is a moment of ownance.
Is the actor len caribou? Plays grandfather on blue  bloods? Would be the same age 
Is your dad Henry Reagan from Blue Bloods
"Victory is MINE"

\~Cat
I love cats..
Say what you want about cats they are damn good at training their people.
What is going on in the background there?  It looks like one of those sci-fi movie parts where someone is doing some genetic engineering.  The cat is nice too.
Maybe that's why he didnt want it. He knew he would love, and he didn't want to love anything but your mother
my condolences to your dad. 
Wow their own room? 
Good ol' toxoplasmosis at work
That cat's face says yes I won and yes I have my own room. 
Your dad looks like Sydney Bristow’s dad.
А есть ли русские?
Precious!
Old man always like cats. 
My dad's also like this. He will threaten the dog telling him he'll send him to the vet and put him to sleep or kick him out of the house. The next thing you know both of them are cuddling each other to sleep every night. 
Tim Cook
Your dad looks like the former president of Iraq XD google it up 
Your Dad looks like the grandpa from UP...
Your dad should star in a live action remake of "Up".

&#x200B;
Dangit Bobby
Your dad looks like the old man from "Up"
Old people are lonely 
That cat just took your place in the will.
Your dad looks like the old guy from up
Well thats because THAT cat is not of the "Dang" breed. Jeez man cut the man a break. He did raise you so you should savvy his lingo by now. Happy for them both.
Tim Cook?
your relationship with someone else's cat is nothing like your relationship with your own cat
Her room?
GODDAMNIT!!! a cat has enslaved yet another human!!!! when are you people gonna wake up to the threat these animals present!!! it may already be to late, there is one outside my room right now demanding treats!!! I.....willl....fight...the...urge...to...pet...and..feed...it!!!!!!!!!
My dad never let us have cats growing up. He got old, started dating a lady with a cat, and now it's his best friend. At least it made me grow up to be a dog person. 
Isn’t it a calico?
this is how i am with my cat. i bitch.. then i love 
I mean there is a difference between not wanting another mouth to feed and loving a living creature once you have it. 

Edit:this isn’t meant to be negative but rather that some times you don’t know what you love until you have it. Some of the best parents I know never wanted kids.
finally an ol’ bastard finds love in nature... now lets praise him.
Thank you for using quotes correctly. It means so much to me. 
That is super adorable. Your dad looks so happy, OP! 

Side note: what in the world is going on on the television? Seems like some meta futuristic stuff. 
Your dad looks weirdly like my high-school physics teacher, dr. Russell. 
Thought it was John Mahoney at first.
Your dad appears on DC legends of tomorrow
In the background, someone is hacking the gibson.
Cats require love. Lots of love. It's only rational to be reluctant at first, before becoming a cat's love slave.
I've yet to meet anyone who didn't fall in love with a sweet cat when they met one. Even my dad.
Calicos are the best 
I am pretty sure your dad stole my cat lol looks just like her!
Love
Dad:"we homies now"
Awww... best buds 😀❤❤❤
This will be my dad in about 10 years
It be like that 
That's a tortoise shell for you
This is my dad in the future. 
No one can resist the peanutbutter chocolatey cuteness of the tortoiseshell kitty!
My best friend used to hate cats, and so her family. Now she has two and her grandma treats her cat like one of her kids.
Pussycat power 😂
That's how it always happens with converted cat parents lol
My husband is always saying "shut up cat" when our cat is asking for food during the day..but he is the first one to get up at 5 in the morning to let the cat in and give him food. 
Tortie girl so pretty!
Reminds me of my dad. We never had pets growing up because my dad doesnt like animals. One day a small kitten followed my sister home from grocery store and my Dad fell in love with it and we kept her.
does anybody else think that this dad looks like Uncle Stan from Gravity Falls?

also,, adorable pic,  i want him to be my dad
Love this. My father was a grumpy Vietnam veteran but puppies and kittens were his weakness. I exploited that a lot as a child. ❤
Aww I love her little sleepy eyes.
Love it
This is precious! 
This is precious. Commenting to save to my post history forever.
Classic dad-cat relationship. Love it.
he feels needed again.
My dad used to absolutely despise cats, up until we got ours. Now it's common to see him pick them up and start petting them, and when you call him out on it he always says "Ach, these two are alright"
Cats are the one household creature that people dislike until they actually own one.
haha that's awesome. She knew how to win him over.
That’s the power of cats. 👍
Ahaa the cat has enslaved your father
Cats 24576322201 / Humans 0
Lol the Cat is like “yee boi I have him under my spell now”
Wow
When a cat lets you carry them like a baby, you know they trust you 100%
Tortoise Shell. Sweet girl.
This is known as the "Tort Effect" simultaneously they are both the worst cat of all time and the single greatest gift from god that needs to sweep in their widdle bewd yes they do AH YES THEY DO
Animals become pets

Pets become family

It changes people
Torties have that effect.
Dawww omg
That is a very smug girl
[deleted]
Cat looks so smug
aawww...they look so sweet 
Love it...so it often goes.....
My dad's 69 and I saw him today saying "I hate you. I dont want you in my house" very sweetly to our dog while rubbing her belly and smiling joyfully at her.
Lovely 😊
When my grandpa visited, my cat was freaking out with happiness. He loved the old man so much. Wish he wanted one for his own
Picture of man holding cat
Normally it’s pimping your wife or girlfriend for karma, this time it’s a grandpa... I’ll allow it. 
She's So Cute I love Cats too. #LovedCats 
That cat has a looks that says, "you know I'm nocturnal, right?"
AKA a photo of a man holding a cat. 
Then, he ate the cat.
A cat with a regular sleep habit? I’m amazed. 
Thats that bacteria cats carry with them.  It eats the amygdala down and subserviates the frontal lobe.  Makes people cat lovers... also kills babies and fetuses in some humans.
Toxoplasmosis is a hell of a parasite. 
Must have caught toxoplasmosis
Nobody knows that the cats room in a torture chamber.
That's the look of "what? Never seen a hypocrite before?"
“Manly” men don’t want cute animals cause they know it’ll bring out their affectionate side
This is extremely cute. Bless your dad, and kitty
Toxoplasmosis.
