He's clearly partially your dog, because he clearly loves you.


My boy was an every dog. He used to head over to my neighbor's, go in, and wait for the their teenage daughter in her bed for her to get home from school. He had been doing it for the better part of the last 3 years.

When he passed a few months ago, neighbor's daughter confided in me that he was what saved her. She was seriously considering suicide when she was about 14. She said, she knew that Omar loved her so much, and looked so forward to seeing him in her bed, waiting and wagging.... the thought of abandoning him seemed so selfish and cruel.     

We lost him suddenly 3 months ago. It was my neighbor's daughter who has been my main support....a 17 yo helping a 46 yo. Process grief.    

All I know, was that my good boy had that effect on just about every one who met and loved him...which was quite a few ppl, as he did what this good boy did.       

Edit-some [pics](http://imgur.com/gallery/bH5A0). 
[deleted]
Not your dog? I'm afraid you don't understand how this works. 
Does Hig know [Carter?](https://imgur.com/gallery/lsoomRq)  

They seem like they’d get along.
Wait you’re telling me you actually post? And not just comment about the undertaker? 
1: Does your dog bite?

2: No

*dog bites man*

1: I thought you said your dog does not bite!

2: That is not my dog. 
I wish my house came with a free porch dog!
I lived in the rural south for awhile and there were definitely packs of roaming dogs.  I didn't know most of the dogs names so I had nicknames for them all.   I will never forget the time I drove home in a terrible thunderstorm with hail and got home and opened my car door and before I realized what happened a soaking wet terrified dog who I fondly called "Ugly Dog" was in the car huddling under/behind my legs.  I had spent the previous four months working that dog up to letting me pet it by feeding it cheese and I wasn't going to betray it then.  We sat in the car for 90 minutes and waited out that storm.  That was my BFF dog for the next two years while I lived there.
Rural dogs have friends.

Our neighbor's dog Talon would stop by our house to pick up our black lab Emma, then they'd head down the street to pick up a beagle and a German Shepard. Then they'd come back to my house and hang out and play and swim in the pond. One time, even a pig was a part of their crew (I didn't realize it until I got ready to take everyone home, which is just putting everyone in their kennels at their house! LOL
Hig is a good dog.
You need to regularly update us with Hig and Scooby's adventures
Might not be your dog but it seems as he's claimed you as one of his human's.
Hig has adopted you. 
The idea of letting my dog just roam the neighborhood is such an alien concept.  My idiot dog would bolt at the first opportunity, terrorize any cats or squirrels along the way, get lost, and starve.
Hug must be acknowledged. Also please pet Hig. 
He may not be your dog but your Hig's designated hugger. 
He may not be your dog, but you are his hooman
We had a neighbor dog who used to come to our house and scratch on the door to come inside for a visit and a biscuit every afternoon. We too had a dog. I find that dogs do better with each other without fences and leashes. People not so much.
No, wrong. He *is* your dog.
Unexpected polt twist.  
"Oh Mr. WILLLLLLLSOOOOOOON!"
Whoa. Shittymorph is so reddit famous (infamous?) to me, and this is so... personal. 
The dog chooses the owner, Mr Potter.
There’s a r/thisisnotmycat but not a r/thisisnotmydog 
But you are his hooman.
He sits and howls at your door because he's trying to tell you that your house is haunted.  
He's the Dog Particle.
I had a dog named Hig! He was such a good pup. I was keeping him for a family that traveled on a mission for 2 years. His name was Hig cause the family name was Higginbotham lol delightful bunch 
There's a lot of evidence that wolves picked humans as their companions early on in the evolution of dogs. This is their end game. You have been chosen. 
Too  bad he doesn't have a sidekick named Boson
My neighbors dog ran all the way down the hill into my backyard and up onto my deck then bark until I opened the door and gave him pats, he did this every day in the summer
I fkin love Hig
I wish doggies would come visit me 
“Myeeeee new frieeeend won’t come ouuuuutt and playeeee! Awoo!!”
Dog is good boi, pet the dog.

Did you knock some money off the price of the house for those rotting steps? They need to be replaced, and painted and/or made of rot resistant wood like redwood.

Also, do those steps not have a landing at the door level?
Well, he might not be your dog, but, you are definitely his human.
Hig might not be your dog, but you might be his beau, son.
The neighborhood dog that comes by my house will paw at the glass door if we dont get her attention right away. My dog will then...screech? If he isn't let out right away.

That's the country lifestyle.
Hig may not be your dog but you are definitely one of his humans. 
My gsd will go next door and sit patiently to wait for her best friend (pug) to come out and play. It's adorable and hilarious.  
My local tile place has a dog called Cooper. I think he's a pit bull cross something and he's the biggest sook in the world. When I first met him he was asleep at the front of the shop and I gave him lots of cuddles and a treat from my pocket (I carry treats around for my dog.)

Anyway, I went back a week later for more tiles and Cooper wasn't in the shop. I figured maybe his owner wasn't in. Then, waiting at my car for them to bring over my tiles, I heard Cooper barking.

I looked around but couldn't see him. There was a pause and it was like Cooper knew I was looking for him because he barked again, more loudly. Then I saw him outside on the grass looking over a stack of pallets at me. As soon as he knew I'd seen him he started wiggling so I walked over and gave him cuddles and a treat then walked away. As soon as I walked away he lay down in the grass and didn't bark again. He'd obviously gotten the attention he wanted and was happy.
I had a neighborhood dog who would come by to visit with me every morning.  Her name was Sam and she'd come by and we'd "talk".  I'd ask her how she was doing and she'd happily bark back.  We'd go back and forth with her just loving me talking to her and then she'd wander off.  She was smart as a whip too.  I'd gather kindling for the fireplace in the woods and she'd tag along and help.  First time she did it I thought she was bringing me a branch to fetch.  Nope.  She just wanted to help.  I miss that dog.
Not your dog?

You poor naive soul. 
I think he's just trying to tell you about the time in 1998 when the Undertaker threw Mankind off Hell in a Cell and he plummeted all the way to the announcers' table.
He may not be your dog, but you are his human.
Reminds me of a german shepherd at my mother's house.  He lives down the road but come by the house to hang out with her whenever she is out gardening or something.
He might not be your pet, but he is your dog.
I had a similar situation till my neighbors moved. I used to live in a wooded area. I'd open the car door and all I would see is these two red eyes staring at me from the shadows 4 feet away and quickly approaching. CJ, the dog, a black mutt that probably had some lab and boxer in him, would routinely scare the living shit out of me. Sometimes, he was at my door. Sometimes, you'd go around to the trunk and he'd be there. Always scarring you with his enthusiasm to see you. If I could have abducted him, I would have.
Hig needs a hug
Precious
Hig makes me want to be a better man. 
Classic Hig.
He may not be your dog but you are part of his pack!
He is not your dog, but you are one of his humans...
The dog chooses the wizard, u/shittymorph. It’s not always clear why. 
go home, Hig. you're drunk.
I’ll probably get downvoted, but am I the only one who thinks this would be super annoying and not cute at all?
Please hug hig.
Go pet him already! 
Yea I’m gona need video of said howling 
We're going to need video of howling. 
Good Boi needs pats
He cute 
Hig is not your dog, you are Hig’s human. 
idk why but I like the name Hig for a dog. 😝
awe good doggo

&#x200B;
Let him in you monster!
I am still expecting the undertake somewhere here in this thread, when is it coming /u/shittymorph. I see what you're doing
Hig is a stalwart lookin pup. Be honored, OP. He has accepted you into his pack. 
Your mornings would never be the same without him now
Hig is not your dog, but you are his hooman. 
Good alarm doggo
He is like the Jehovah's Witnesses of dogs
Nah, but he's your friend.
Sounds like you guys are in the same pack and he wants to take you hunting
How many howls would Hig howl if Hig howls are hug howls so hug him too?
Looks like you've been adopted!
"Does your dog bite?"
Hig is not your dog. Maybe hig is a boson?
He’s a little bit your dog. Or at least, he thinks so. 
He may not be your dog, but you are obviously part of Higs pack.
If Scooby Doo had a buddy to go on adventures with, that dog would have to be named Hig.
Let him in you monster!
The fact he is not your dog, makes it that much better.
That thing tied around his neck is the Hig's bow, son
I like Hig
Congrats on your step dog 
I was hiding under your porch because I love you.  Can I stay?
I have a similar situation. This is Chowder, in my living room. Chowder does not live here. https://i.imgur.com/wGWg4Eu.jpg 
He IS your dog, you just don’t know that.
I approve of this dog's name.
Hig is a good boy
Time to summon Hermes Argeiphontes
Growing up in Jamaica. Hig would be like  the Roosters in our community. The alarm clock you never wanted ... cockadoodledoo flap flap flap ... 6:30 AM every morning of my childhood those rooster (s) were never late.  There were no snooze buttons either cuz one Rooster began the chain for other Roosters to start their cackling 
Hig is a weirdo.
Hig IS your dog, you just don't know it yet.
Ha! My neighbor's golden retriever does this at my side door every day. It's less of a howl and more of a desperate whine, though.
Is the spirits looking for you 
HIG is such a cute name for a dog
What is the origin of that name?
It takes a village to have a dog.
Make him your dog?
Oh my GOD what a star! 
Down right love dogs.  Hug might not be yours. But he’s a your good buddy!
Hig may not be your dog but you are his Hig
Aww
He is now. 
Scooby is such a perfect name for your dog, holy crap.
You *think* he's not your dog, but.... 
Do you have vid of this good boi howling? 
A non troll post from u/shittymorph??? what is happening
He may not be your dog, but you're part of his pack.
Legend 
Also, Hig is adorable!! ❤❤
Funny
he’s so *good*
Good day sir
Give that boy a snuggle!
Hig has claimed you. So open up the door up and get to petting! 


(I’m only kidding as I’m sure he wouldn’t keep returning and staying if you didn’t already spoil him.)

You are definitely my favorite type of animal person!
Awwww so very cute. 😘
What a good boi 
He is now

&#x200B;
This is so wholesome Shitty, I love seeing pictures of Scooby. Thanks for this morning gem!
He's your dog now!!  Sang on Hig!! Sang on
Hig? lol who names their dog that
He is not your actual dog, but definitely you are it's human
Please pet and acknowledge Hig for me.
You give that good boi some love!!
My in-laws have two dogs due to the neighbors. When they had their own, the neighbor dogs would come over to play and mooch treats. Now they just mooch treats  ¯\\\\\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ 
Maybe hig is trying to get you to follow hig like lassie 
He is not your dog but you are his human.
Just because he is not part of your pack does not mean that you are not part of his pack.
No, but you are Hig's human.  Congrats on your new owner.
Mr. Shittymorph, welcome back. We... missed you. 
You're part of the pack now son.
Soon as I read the title, I assumed it would be either a lab or a golden.

Surprise! :D
At least you've named him.
And here i thoguht you meant He instead of Hig 😅
Dude your dog is Scooby Do
Where's Hig's Boson?

Nevermind I'll see myself out..
He’s THAT dog, huh? 
Open the door , human : said hig
He is a cat.
love you shittymorph you are the dude/ dudette

keep doing you, sweet dogs 
"love MEEEEEEEEEE" - knows u in ther
No own only pet 
Haha!!!
Awww he’s coming over to visit scooby and is howling for him. 
Video please. 
He has you trained I see
Lol!!!
He’s yours now.
“WITNESS ME!!!”
He may not be your dog, but you are now his human. 
He must love you  to keep  visiting.  Enjoy each other 
He’s looking for his boson. 
I think I love Hig. This is too funny. 
All it takes for you to make him your dog is a collar and a dream.
You, however, are Hig's person.

Hope you're OK with that. Hig obviously is.
Ha! Not this time, /u/Shittymorph

Edit : the one time I actually notice OPs username. Dagummit!
but you are his human.
man's bestest friend ever
I’ve read a dogs owner isn’t necessarily their favorite person. He’s chosen you as a friend
Is his owners at home when he visits you.  Dogs ARE pack animals, and prefer to be part of a couple, crowd, pack.  My dog did the same, when I was away working.  My neighbors would give him a treat and let him stay with their dog, until I returned.  (They would leave a phone or txt mgs, letting me know he was visiting.  Nice, very nice neighbors!  Now, that I'm retired, he stays with me! 
That's fantastic.  It was funny enough picturing him howling waiting for you to let him in.


You're his friend now, like it or not.
I'm cheki' yoo, hooman. Now chek meeeeee!
You are his pack ‘tho!
Doesn't matter. **LET THE GOOD BOI IN**
Good boi is lookin' for some lovin'. Give him a pat.
At first I thought "Don't all dogs howl to get let in?" then I read the second line and couldn't stop laughing lmao.
He is not your dog you are his human
Well now he is
Awoooooo
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣‼️🐾
We need to see a short gif / video of this with audio.
Oh my gosh you LET HIM IN!
H I G
Hig is a good boy.
You’re one of his peeps. 
Hog don’t care who owns who
Where's the video?
Witness Hig!!!
He wuvs you!
He’s in love 
10/10 great story telling.
He sees you and your dog as part of the same pack as him. He might think hes the pack leader tho based on his howling making you come to him.
Are you the one that had the dog with the stick trying to get up?
My neighbors growing up and I college had a hunting dog they'd let roam the neighborhood.  She's a super good dog and so sweet.  Any time she was out she beeline to my back porch and do a little dance at the back door until my brother or I came out and gave her pets.  Then she'd go on her marry way.

There was also a young German Shepard that would escape from his home on the other side of the neighborhood that always came to visit the front door for cheese.  He'd just hang out all the time.
When my retired neighbor up the hill from me was in his back yard and my golden saw him, she’d mosey on up, open the gate with her snout, go for a quick swim and hang out with him until he would tell her “ok, go home Raya” and she would come back down. 
He needs a treat an a hug
HIG may not be your dog but You my friend are definitely his human...
🙂 
That’s what you think.
He may not be your dog, but you're his human.
Hig might not be your dog,but Hig certainly thinks you're one of his humans :)

Keep howling Hig!
u/SchnoodleDoodleDo
We definitely need a video!!!!!
Sassy boy
Have you told him?
If my dog this I would feel super betrayed. Hig you dogwhore
He may not be your dog but he's decided your his person lol
I love him!! 
Looks like he's in his spot for catching sun even though the sun is not out. My dog does this all the time.
Well you're his human now!
I have a dog called Zakk (I love Zakk Wylde songs) .

Zakk is half of the time in my house and half of the time hanging around with a "dog gang" (3-5 dog-fuckin-gangsters) having some wild fun since I live in neighborhood that is surrounded by a Forest.

I am getting used to listen to neighbors saying interesting things about my dog. There was a little girl that used to call for Zakk when she is in her way to school, Zakk follows the girl until she gets in the bus stop and than returns home.

Funny thing: Zakk smiles when getting close to someone (look likes an angry dog, but is not) When you realize that is a smile you can't unsee it anymore. For me, Zakk is always happly smiling.


----sorry for bad english---

On of my cats had a cat friend a few doors down who would come calling for my cat. I would let him out and they went off and had cat adventures. The neighbor told me my cat did the same at their house.
That is fantastic 
Hig may not be your dog but you are definitely his friend.
That title made me laugh. 
Well your his human
But he's clearly picked you! 😍
Even better
When my retired neighbor up the hill from me was in his back yard and my golden saw him, she’d mosey on up, open the gate with her snout, go for a quick swim and hang out with him until he would tell her “ok, go home Raya” and she would come back down. 
My dog doesn't bite..... 

I thought you said your dog doesn't bite?!?!

That's not my dog.
So what you’re telling me is that you’re Hig’s Bosum buddy
Well open the door you monster 
Not your dog, but you're part of his pack. 
he’s so *good*
That’s just goddamn adorable 
Ummm my friend has a dog named Hig who looks just like this!! Do you live in Montana??
This kid is an actual minion 
Hig
Not to be overly dramatic but I’d gladly die for hig.
This needs to be a video.
Dogs don't belong to humans. Humans belong to dogs.
Do you call him Hig Boso when he misbehaves? 
Need video
He's calling his family to your place for what I can only assume is dinner. 

Are your neighbors doing alright? Or he just may prefer your cooking over the one he gets at home.

"Hey Ma! Come taste this shit! This is how you cook for me!, Ma!!! Ma!!! Get over here"
Our Dog has this relationship with our neighbors as well. He loves them. They love him. We feed him and pay his bills. 
Human? Huuuuuuman? I WILL SING YOU THE SONG OF MY PEOPLE TO BRIGHTEN YOUR DAY!!!!
His back looks like an owl.
I think he's warning you about the ghosts in your house.
Too funny he looks like a beautiful dog
Is he someones dog?
He may not be your dog but you are definitely his hooman ;)
That dog must be fucking annoying
Why do you have steps going up to your casement window? 
Oh god that’s so cute I wish we had a video!!!
I wonder if the name is from the book "The Dog Stars". That was the main character. His dog's name was Jasper, though, who was almost the other main character. Great Book.
Well this was a rollercoaster 
Hig knows who this is and is just in it for the free Karma. Good boy Hig.
💛💛💛
Does your doorg biiite? 
The fact the title doesnt say anything about the undertaker is dissapointing 
This reminds me of that dog that can smell cancer.
Hig may not be your dog, but you might be Hig's human! 
Word 100
You're not the owner, You're his Friend 😁
He may not be your dog but you are one of his humans.
Cute and adorable up until about 9:00 or 9:30.  After that . . . . .
I still have faint memory of golden retriever that use to visit me when I was 4ish. I would lay out in the hammock in our back yard in the summers and a wild golden retriever would appear. This went on for a couple days throughout about a month. I would pet him for a good bit and then I would say “ok you should leave now, don’t want your parents to yell at you” and he would simply just walk away. I’d tell my mom about him but she wouldn’t believe me because our yard is 90% fenced. I miss that dog, I havent thought about him for awhile so thank you for this post. I’m 25 now and always wondered who’s dog it was and if he’s ok after the last time he visited me (~21 years ago)
My dog is like this, absolutely loves other humans. [he likes to sit outside the park play area when I take my daughter, he gets the most hugs there. ](https://m.imgur.com/r1SugS0)
Him doth loveth you, OP.
Aww he loves you.
Yes he is
How come you know his name? If it is not your dog.
That need for a stranger's appreciation doesn't seems to limited to humans. 
Hig is welcome on my porch any day
Similar to something I saw on solitechworld.com
Video would’ve been better. 
Your steps are his home away from home
Yeeat
Hahah 
Those stairs are very old
That is so funny!  I have never heard of such a thing before!  You are very lucky indeed, OP. I would take this as a sign that you are such a good person, that dogs come and visit you, rather than the other way round!
We don't have a dog like that too. He hangs out, eats and sleeps at my place. Demands all kinds of scratches and love. Ain't my dog though and his owner has made that clear. 
But you are part of his pack it seems...
😢😢
Hey man, your jokes are great and I appreciate them thoroughly. However, more than anything, I always love seeing posts about your dogs (be they YOUR dogs or not). What you and your friend from the shelter have done - in regards to Scoob - is inspiring. I love that pup. 
"you will be my human and that's it"
sad
Zo lief🙂

what a friendly dog. i remember my old days with my pup. he do it differently. He likes to howl every time he's hungry and he doesn't like eating veggies.
He’s being controlled by the sleepy owl on his back! 
I think there's something charming about a dog who sits on your steps and howls. /u/shittymorph or no.... I mean do you have a human who would do that for you? ... I thought not.
Need audio please. 
Luke I am your dog.
Maybe he wants to be? 
1998 when Undertaker took your dog and delivered you a new one! 

Glad to have you back, buddy!
Is his name a reference to “The Dog Stars” by chance?
awoo <3
When the dog trains you.
nope, but you’re his dog
Awwww, You is pack. ❤️
Oh shit it's shittymorph, better keep my guard up!
I need to move to the country.
You are his human tho!
How do you do reddit so well?
I feel like these posts where "animal/person always does thing" are slightly lacking when it's so easy to record the event as opposed to taking a snapshot.
You got stairs leading up to a window?
That’s my dog 
Oh god.

I just double tapped to 'like'.

Running my show's Instagram account is taking the Reddit out of me. Someone help!
When I was young we lived in a small town in upstate NY. A large Huskie-Collie mix named Bingy adopted us and other families. His claims to fame were lying in the middle of Main street during parades and sleeping under the gazebo in the park. During concerts he would wake up and start to howl. 
Best porch gift EVER!!
Yeah you say Hig isn’t your dog but Hig disagrees. Hig is partially your dog.
Hahahahaha silly dog. I LOVE IT!
It sounds like you owe Hig a few petting sessions.
Video, por favor. 
ADOPT THE DAMN DOG!
Other dog in the neighborhood know him as

Hig, the human whisper
He's probably already peed a circle around your stairs as well to deter any other howlers. 
Hig is your dog now. 
Can we see a video of him howling?
I️ HAVE ARRIVED
SO CUTE!!!
Hig rules.
What kind of dog is this?
You've got it backwards. Clearly you belong to him.
Awwwww Hig is adorable ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
GOD BLESS HIG
I just realized your shittymorph. I was expecting an Undertaker reference in the comments.
Where's the video! 
Wait for it....wait for it...fuck. Nothing 
Take a video and post here!!
I think he likes you. 
looks like he worries about. There may be some cats or raccoons in the area he want to make sure you are safe. thats love if i have ever seen it.  
He just wants some lovins!
I had a cat that did something similar. He would scratch neighbors storm door and he would let the cat in. The cat went inside and lounged around his house chilling with his pug for like 3 hours. When he was ready he would go to the door meow and he let him out. Cat came home and passed out on my lap. 
Hig is an awesome name. I loke it. 
It's been 7 hours. Where is our Undertaker trap?!
*MUST ASSERT DOMINANCE*
This post made my morning.  Would love a neighborhood doggo friend.  My dog would be super jealous but I’m sure would become best of frens.
He's just performing his daily welfare check.
This is me annoying strangers trying toe make friends.
I love him
Video
I do love this goodest boy ever!
Pet meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
This is wonderful. Is it a neighbors dog?
I suspect you are withholding the fact that you sneak him a treat if he does a coloratura howl. 
Good boy.
.....hes cute 
No vid?
Congratulations, you've made a friend for life who will love you no matter what. Make sure to always open the door.
Let that handsome man in! 
/r/petthedamndog
He looks adorable even from behind.
I'd be honored if Omar bumps into my dog over on the rainbow bridge, maybe even play a game of chase :)
We all need a Hig 
Haha
Dognapped 
He is *our* dog
You are Hig’s human though. 
Now he is ur dog get use to it
Why did you have too die Sherman? :,(
You will always be my true first best friend. 
#DogLivesMatter
1000th comment
You have been chosen..
Baby
My kids do the same thing when they get off the school bus and my dogs (inside) howl back at them. Eventually my kids give up and go to grandmas.
 

wel. Dogs love everything and everyone
But you are his human.
So higgin' cute
They had us in the first half, not gonna lie.
My dog does this too, she will howl at the neighbors until the come out of their house to my driveway and pet her. 
Like many, I didnt think any of it until you mentioned undertaker/mankind. I'm still confused
[removed]
[deleted]
Does your dog bite? 
He hates you
Does he bite?
Nothing a .223 wont fix 
Apparently, you are his hooman.
If open the door and boot it down the steps fuckin howling and shot.
Why would you assume it identifies as a dog?
hig might be an abused dog, he asks for help, just sayin
