Inu want no scrubs 
He can holla any time.
That title + pic made me giggle
This scrub is that kind that *WILL* get some love from me! Oh yes, son, I'm talkin' to you (and scratching you behind your velvety ears)!
Brant Street Burlington!
Good boy just wants a little TLC (Tender Loving Care).
> a scrub is a guy who thinks he's fly  
he's also known as a busta

truly some of the finest lyrics of the early 21st century.  And if you disagree you're definitely a busta.
"What's with all the tlc references"? OP:"I have no idea what you guys are talking about "
905. Whaddup ~~Mississauga~~ Burlington. I haven’t seen a SilverCity in a lonnnng time. 
At least he is not chasing waterfalls. Waterfalls is the name of his tail.
I do want him though

(Sorry T-Boz, Chili and the other one)
That is so Burlington of the dog
He's out of your league...he's out of all of our leagues 
This was posted 3 days ago. On Dogspotting. With the same caption. SMH. 
What's wrong girl, you don't want a lil' Shiba Inu? 
Is this at Brant and the North Service road?

edit: answered my own question. Yes it is: https://www.google.ca/maps/@43.3440276,-79.8252059,3a,59.2y,290.01h,90.66t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sNQu59YbRJiV1NKfKbmFIPA!2e0!7i16384!8i8192
That pup is NO scrub! He can get a lot of love!!!! DOGE!!!!
Are we reposting from FB Dogspotting now? 
I could make an exception for this scrub. 
Much friend, such fluff
Hey, I know the exact intersection where this was taken! 
I kind of do want that scrub though, contrary to TLC’s advice. 
Shiba Inus are the coolest ones
Guys like these allways get all the girls... cant they just apreciate a "nice" guy like me?
This makes me so nervous for the doggo! Ive seen a dog fall out of a car window. They weren't driving fast & the dog appeared to be ok. Please keep your pets safe while they are in the car. 
That...that is a scrub I want. 
that scrub gets love tho
Look an FJ Cruiser!!
sup dog
10/10 WOULD holla back... 😉
Such holla.
I lived 11 years in Burlington and never saw anything close to this great
No you didn't this post is years old.
Awesome title!
I ain't to proud to beg. To give that pupperface some loving 
The puns made my day. 
Burlington Ontario?!?
Lol it looks like he's winking
Adorable but now that song is stuck on my head and now I must hate you.
prolly doesn't want no pigeon.
I wish I could trust my Shiba like that.  First time we slowed down he'd be wriggling out the window to go see what was going on outside.
that scrub is a guy who CAN get love from me
[deleted]
wow
I want all the rubs

Belly rubs get all the love from me

Hanging out the passenger side of his best friends ride

Trying to howl at meeee
“Ayo mami, what’s good?!”
Also know as Buster. 
 No, I don’t want no doges.
That does not look comfortable. 
Shout out to my fellow 905ers (though I made the smart move to the 705, sorry guys!)
No, I don't want no kibble

No, all you do is dribble

No, owner didn't chip you

No, and your breath's an issue

&#x200B;
Maybe he was .... dog calling you 
Haha
Hi there Busta!
the dude in the mirror is flipping you off
[deleted]
is not scrub

is doge
"You're cute, I like bad boys"

&#x200B;

"well, lady, you got the wrong car, only gud bois here!"
/u/gottaglow hey sexy 😏
As an Aussie, this was slightly confusing. That pupper is sitting in the driver's seat!
“Hey yo shorty what that thang do?”
That reference is 26 years old.
Smooth fucker...
TLC, with tears in their eyes and smiles on their faces: This scrub is okay though. 
This is a k9 that thinks it's fine and is also known as a doggo... lookin like class when it's lickin it's ass won't mate with a mutt #pass.... No I don't want no scrubs, a scrub is a mutt that can't get no love from me. 

Disclaimer: I love mutts and I'm sure this pupper does too!  This was strictly for song purposes only!!
That is the window height of a dog that has jumped out the window before. 
Thats coz he likes what he sees
I love this whole thing 😂😂
This is good for Dogecoin
I'd holla back at him for pets.
Title game is strong with this one
Omg I needed this so much. Literally found out today my boyfriend of 2 years has been cheating on me since March with my best friend who lived down stairs. This is the one thing that’s made me smile all day. Thank you♥️
No, I don't want no Shibe

A Shibe is a doge who can't get no love from me
Trying to howl at you.

There there. I fixed it for you. 
Upvote for TLC
That ain't no scrub! That's a handsome dog.
Saucy!
i want that scrub
*helloooo stranger...*

*wink*
I love this.
Toronto?

Chu say dawg?
Get yo ass back in the car 
Looks like a very cool boi!
Howler*
This good boi is the opposite of a scrub
And in the background the Starbucks he'll take you to for coffee before the Cineplex movie date 
I can not deny this truth. Post your TO pup and I will give him all my upvotes!
Is he winking or grimacing from the pain of being rolled up in a window? 
nononono
I have to say this because I know this intersection...

*HELLO FELLOW BURLINGTONIAN!**

Small world reddit
Shibe is judging you. 
🎶Dont go chasing waterfalls, please stick to the golden retrievers your used too....
Whus poppin
Kinda looks like he is stuck
Looks like he’s winking at you
Ontario?
Even Beyonce would want that Scrub
Whats the breed of the doggo
He's a heckin cute shober
Hate it when guys wolf whistle at girls
Great caption!!!!!!!
Toronto loves it Dogs. The city is very pro pets but Dogs in particular get treated really well all over the city. I would see water bowls and dog treats outside stores everywhere. And there are tons of dog friendly parks in the city. 
r/dogelore
The cineplex slogan would make a good caption for the dog
hey pal, wanna hear a story
So freaking cute!!
That dog got game. *Picture me Rollin*
TLC reference... Take my up vote. 
Oh now this song is going to be stuck in my head for days lol.
Otherwise known as a busta. 

Cute busta, though. :) 
I spent a good second looking for the dog in the mirror because I thought it was a split image at first. 
Dog: Hey good-looking, what's cooking?
He needs to creep. Creep. 
Yo babe....wanna get ruff? :P
I know exactly where this plaza is. My new mission is to drive around town searching for this no-scrubs-wanting Shiba. 
Don’t call me a stalker, but I know where that place is lol. 
Scroob 
new meme format inbound
Scruba Inu?  

That dog has class.
That is a waterfall I'd chase all day b.
Is that Brampton

What type of dog is he/she?
It would be perfect if his name was Buster...well Busta
Sure this is my mans ride, yea. But this aint my car like that ain't your hair.
So weird when you see a picture on Reddit and know exactly where it was taken.  My brother got t-boned at this intersection many years ago! (He's all good)
[deleted]
he's got that smug look on his face like 'i got this already lemme just look at her a bit.'
I think this needs to be edited so there's something in the rear view mirror too
FJ ! 
Without a doubt the best title I’ve seen in a year of Reddit. 
This from Burlington, On?
Hey cutie
What a stupid ass owner. 
What do you mean “trying”? Hes doing it. 
That's me behind you.
That is one hella cool dog.
Thanks!
I don’t want no scrub
12/10 could holler at me
Hey grrrrrrrl
That toronto traffic tho<
Actually I think the cute dog wants to ask you out on a date, or a walk
I've never seen someone refer to a dog as a scrub lol. Don't even know what that means 
Starting January 1st, this is an automatic license suspension and cancellation of insurance policy. 
r/WhatsWrongWithYourDog
He’s a good boy
A+ title 
I’m conflicted because I’m supposed to not want no scrubs like this but I like this scrub. 
I want that scrub
Ayy Burlington!
You’re no holla back girl
Nice try Silvercity
Is that the Power Centre in Burlington? 
r/shiba
That's clearly a Busta. 
Those dogs are expensive as fuuuuck. Looked for one the other night and people was 2 large 
I bet he lives at home with his mama. 
https://imgur.com/ubKyDjw.gif
Brant St.? Damn I haven’t been there in a decade, thanks for the nostalgia.
Ahh Burlington.
ROTFF!!

Sooo...he aint gettin no love from you?
Are you serious? What a DOG!!
andd thats why he has its own crypto 🤣🤣
I'm not a furry but I'd still smash if they wanted me to
It looks like the guy behind you is flipping you off. But im sure its just that speck on your mirror
wtf this dog looks abnormally cute and self-aware ♥ what's with that wink? and that pose?? @_@
Kudos to having your side view mirror properly adjusted. 
Shameful that there are a generation of people that won’t understand this 😞😞😞
"I saw you cut off that old lady back there. 

Such rude, very traffic" -Doggo
That scrub can can holler at me 
So many won't get the title. 
Also known as a Buster.
I bet he lives at home with his Momma...
damn girl the back of yo head looks ridiculous 
No one's mentioned it. But he almost looks more like an Akita Inu than a Shiba to me 
Why is there a highway in the rearview mirror but a parking lot in front of you?
Dammit now that song stuck in my head lol
I had his bro try to check me out in Osaka, Japan this year.

[https://imgur.com/a/WrKVFi8](https://imgur.com/a/WrKVFi8)
Mr Steal Yo Ride
“How you doin’? “
Doggo "This is your first time?"
*wink*
Another polite Canadian!
excuse me, first off.. a scrub is GUY who thinks hes fly, not some dog that's probably name buster. 
Doge to the moon :)
It looks like he's trying to pick up chicks
What is your general feeling of wants regarding scrubs?
[removed]
u/titletoimagebot 
😂😂
You're the scrub.
Rush hour in Burlington, ON 
Aye girl, let me heal ya root chakra!
Is that a fucking chimp in the car behind you?
What's upper?  Whatcha doing for breakfast and supper?  
Shit man, I wish I was this smooth 
Chief are you quoting tlc? Cause your quoting tlc.
Turrono
10/10 would let holler at me. I would hollar back, girl. 
Ayyy Burlington. Used to work at that exact same Cineplex :)
South Florida? 
😂
Lillll shibaaaaa 
Instagram @hellyeahdogsincarwindows
Stealing your heart regardless 
This is the best thing to have ever happened in Burlington
Such cute. Wow
Burlington!
How you doing~
That’s the drivers side.

Source: UK
Was looking at "bottom" pic for ages looking for a second pic of dog in distance then realised its the same pic, not a split one 😔
Nice picture fellow Ontarian. 
Did they get any love from you?
At least you weren't catcalled
Hey babe, you ever have your face licked by a short guy in a fur coat? 
nice
What a creep!!  Really cute though did you holler back? 10/10 I would holler back 
*AY YO, GIRL*
Did you give the digits..because that the look you're getting.
This will probably get buried, but when this song came out I was very young, but my mom wouldn’t let me listen to it, she’s a sweet innocent southern lady, who can be a little out of the loop, but she thought the song meant “I don’t want a man who scrubs.” As in a man who bathes. Who tf would write a song wanting men with poor hygiene outside of punk rock?

Love you Ma.
_“I guess this is growing up...”_
The only thing that I can think of is the direction of the car. It's really screwing with my head.

The picture shows it at an angle with traffic, but the mirror shows it aligned with traffic.

Don’t goooo chasing tennis balls. 
Oh yes sir I’m talking to you.
He can have all the love from me 
What's a Scrub?? 
I haven't seen a silver city logo like that in ages. Ontario ftw! 
This wins the internet for today. That’s it. Shut er down boys!!
Anybody else see that in the background 
Shout out from the 416 here! That’s a wonderful specimen you found there.
Is it creepy that I was motivated to figure out you're in Burlington?
maybe credit the person from dogspotting for the image and caption 
Brant and north service eh
The most interesting doge in the world
Oh whose trying to squish that dog? 
Excellent title, OP. Well done.
Haha look like inu is the driver 
Upvote just for the title 
Used to be at silver city indigo. Used to be in lunch room playing dominoes.
^^good boy
On the passenger side for crying out loud!
Is the guy in the car behind you in your mirror flipping you off?
I always forget the name of that breed. But have always thought they were very cool lookin dogs
These comments have renewed my love for Reddit 
r/titlebliss
*holla 
Careful I heard he sniffs anyone that has legs, butts.
Can anyone read this comment without singing the song?
Tired Doge?
What does scrub mean outside the FGC?? I thought I was in /r/tekken and this was one of those weird post they like to make.
Omg omg. I'd squeal if I saw him. Lisa, get back in the car....
Proud to say I saw this on dogspotting the other day and hit it with the heart reacc at like 100 likes can't believe it blew up so hard! 
Am i the only one that thought the mirror was a seperate picture?
Hell yes TLC 
Can't get no love from me........well, maybe that scrub can
That’s a scrub I’d definitely want.
Damn. All this time I thought I didn’t want no scrubs. 
Shiba inu! You can howler at meh!
Should dogs wear seat belts for safety?
Dat wink tho
Sup from Burlington
Any of you fellas lookin’ for a good boy? 
Beautiful 😂😂😂😂😂
I thought there were two pics in this post before realized that it was the side view mirror and facepalmed. 
About a week ago
I tought it was 2 pictures combined lol
Can haz scrub?
If you say that scrub can't get no love from you, I'm going to assume you're fibbing.
I want that scrub.
Cute pic and I hate to be a stick in the mud but that’s actually really dangerous for doggo in the event of an accident. 
Fucking cat callers.
So cut
Isn’t this North Service Road and Brant Street Burlington?
Silly Shiba 
wink
All I noticed was the insane amount of traffic in your rear side view mirror 
 Niagara or St Catharines? 
Only posting a comment because No Scrubs came on exactly when I pulled up reddit, happy coincidences! 
This is great! 
Silver City! It's a race!
I think he's kinda cute. Can you give him my number for me?
Tell him he's Barking up the wrong tree
Take your damn updoot
Now THAT’S a scrub I actually want!
Shibes are so cute when they do that winky face <3 
That silvercity sign is nice too. 
I like that we can see the whole picture and everyone stuck in traffic together.
Silver City Burlington! I used to work there roughly 20 years ago.
Once a Fox always a Fox! 🦊 
lol this guys first post got 2 silvers, 1 gold, and 66 thousand upvotes. Welp
Awwww. 
How you doin?
I’m so excited to see a post from my city make the front page ❤️
Hey! Burlington. 
I WILL GIVE HIM LOVE
Floof “Hey Girl...”
The doggo approves
Upvote just for the title
That’s one handsome scrub.
Only scrub I want 
Bastille does the best version of this song. Sorry TLC 
Cute!!
He wants scritch, on his, behind, oohh noooo
i don’t want no scrub

Don’t go chasing waterfalls 
So funny!
That scrub can get some love from me.
I’d let him 
Let’s just hope he don’t go chasing waterfalls. 
Looks like he needs free air, someone farted! 
"Dogcalling"
Is his name Buster?
Notice that they could only put the window down a little bit. Shiba Inus run.
Burlington, Ontario?! 
Title gets my upvote
[What in tarnation!](https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/022/022/tarnation.jpg)
Those lyrics remind me of a very uncomfortable time in my life. 
I would hide my girl
Hey kid want some free candy 
Holy shit is this in Burlington????
frizbee n da back, sunwoof top  
diggin da seen wit da doggo leen
Now it's in my head.  Thanks. 
GTA Doge.  Such 905. Wow. 
Love it! Good catch
Ayyy girlll
I feel like I recognize that area. Is this somewhere in Canada?
This is Brant Street in Burlington, Ontario, Canada.

Source: Me who drives this road daily
Ha ha Mr.Steal Yo Girl
You take your upvote and go!
Doge bruh moment 
Top notch title.
So cute lol ✨
Caption 
Where are silver city stores located in the US
r/woof_irl
Busta 
“You got a fuckin problem buddy?”
😂
If this dog catcalled me, I’d actually appreciate it.
😂😂😂😂😂
Pigeons*
Hahaha that's cute and witty.
*trying to howla at me
but he’s hot 
That's no scrub. A scrub is a guy that can't get no love from me. 
Ayo wassup lil mama you down to play fetch?
Doggo: 

               Hey girl...
               
               *winks*  
               
               Got any plans 
               this weekend?
From this dog's sassy grin i imagine something like:

- Hey buddy! Hey, you there!! Yes, i am looking at you!
- What?! 
- Fuck you! 
You sure you don't want his number? Cuz if you're not interested...
Your title game is on point OP!
Someone please ps a doge in the car thats in the rearview mirror lol
What kind of street is this ? Look local but the mirror reflection look like freeway LOL
Burlington! 
Heeeeeeyyyyyyyyy~~~~~
[Seriously? Another TLC reference?](https://giphy.com/gifs/michael-keaton-11vioRH69DzM4g)
 Gangsta lean
I want that scrub
Woah, is this in Burlington, Canada? I think I recognize that intersection...
correction: I now want exactly 1 scrub
What a buster
❤️😁
This scrub can holla at me any day.
Wow, You need to either clean your mirror, or you are an amazing photographer, because everything in the mirror is depressing and dark, but once the shibu inu (is that how you spell it?) Came into view, everything looked better. So the photo is showing how the dog "brightened up your day" (Sorry to those I'm probably copying.)
That is a song i have not heard in 15 years. Good god. 
Oh dont think he has any problems getting them bitches.
He be like "yoa...wadup dude?"
The camera person was really trying to take a pic of the person who almost rear ended them.
Beautiful title
Doge
You've been bamboozled. That ain't no scrub, that's doggo. 
Howlin out the passenger side 
Cuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuute.
good looking guy 
905 represent. 
The fact that you didnt need to blur any license plates is satisfying
That is hilarious. 😆😂🤣
10/10 would him holler at me
I don't want no scrub, but I want that dog...
"What's up Dog ?"
He's also known as Buster.
This gives me a lot of anxiety. Is it just me?
How about some credit to the original poster on dogspotting? AKA me 😏
Only scrub I want 😍
Classic Brant St. Backed up like that.....
Good to see my hometown on the front page!!
/r/BurlingtonON
Fun fact, this picture was taken in my home town. First time I've seen something on FB before it gets to Reddit!
Fly boi 
"What's up Bub"
I'd holler back 12/10
Let him!
Yo dawg, wat up?
Ive tried like 10 times and its impossible not to read this title to the melody of no scrubs
Mr. Steal Yo Girl
A little Burlington, ON action. North Service Road and Brant Street, gotta love it!
I laughed at this out loud and then saved it specifically to show my girlfriend, which I just did, and she laughed out loud too. Thank you.
(Paw on shoulder and puppy eyes) hey.
A yeah ago I had no Idea what a shiba inu was.

Now it's all I want!
At least he didn't 'cat'-call you

Ha.ha.ha. I'm lonely. 
Awww he is no scrub he is a cute boi. 
*SO*, lemme give ya somethin to think about...
Burlington?
Ok what is really weird is i was literally listening to that song and i closed YouTube and went to Reddit and this is the first post i come across. This is why i never get off Reddit.
Canadians are pretty cool eh? Just look at this dog! 
Toronto!!!!
"Hey fren, you up for some licks and cuddles?"

 -Shobe
He's just tryna holla at bitches
Are you aware that's a TLC referance?
Edit: really getting downvoted for a movie referance, really?
[deleted]
...but you want *this* scrub.
I dnt like dog 
