I will tolerate you exactly...this much. Now go away
I like how the St. Bernard held the kitten down just long enough to remember but not long enough to think this is death.
i like that he has a t shirt on 
I know it's a repost but I love this vid - watching the dog slowly getting to the point where he's had enough, nailing the cat and the cat's clear understanding that it's been served at the end.
If you can annoy a St Bernard, you are a special breed of annoying. 
[deleted]
[removed]
Kitten started going for the eye, and that Bernard was like, “Alright, that’s enough.”
This belongs on r/bettereveryloop 😂😂
That's enough little one
I had a large tabby cat that would lay on my mom's kitten because it was the only way to get it to stop tormenting him. We'd hear angry mews and find my cat laying there innocently with kitten paws and tail sticking out from underneath him.

&#x200B;
No matter how many times I see this Gif, I laugh.
The new season of Tom and Jerry looks great
The dog pressed paws on this game.
Very cartoonesque at the end. Funny!
That dog had enough 😂
Doggo: Don’t touch the jowls, don’t touch the jowls, don’t touch the jowls...THATS IT!!!
This is basically Ron Swanson and Leslie Knope in cute animal form
Fighting a boss at too low of a level.
I guarantee no lessons were learned. 
[removed]
Patience... Right? I feel like it's patience.
Staaaahp
....
Plomp
....
RHEEEE
....
Fwoom
r/DontHelpJustFilm
And of course after all that the kitten doesn’t go far. She’s still like ok I’m out ... back to torturing you.
Looked like kitty got a little too close to big doggo's eye
“Okay that feels nice. Okay, I think I’ve had enough. Stop. I said stop. Fine, I’ll make you stop.”
I like how he is looking at the humans with the "are you going to do something about this little shit" look, and then decides "fuck it, I got it".
Knowning cats, not a single lesson was learned.
“My bad”
You know... I could crush you if I wanted too. 
Link of the video:  


[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EeNTZZCnShc](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EeNTZZCnShc)
There's a hardware store up the road from me that has 2 St. Bernards walking around. Whenever I go to have keys made one of them walks from the back room to me, I always kneel down for face smushes.
r/yeayesyesno
it's like the mountain fighting mcgreggor.
Wait... Does the dog were a t-shirt?? 
When u love ur cat so much u accidentally choke it 🤭
Hahahahahahahaha
Lol headlock
These always make me so nervous. 🤐 if the dog had decided to stand up he would have killed the kitten. 



Edit: I would like to add that it is very obvious that this is a sweet, gentle dog that I don’t think would ever intentionally harm this kitten. But no the dog doesn’t understand what force it would or would not take to snap this kittens back. 
The dog is life and I am the cat
Dentist Kitty
Adorable 
The bernard has a shirt on lmao
Man that cat’s lucky it didn’t mess his spine up
[deleted]
Awww that kitten looks exactly like my kitty did at that age ❤  Snowshoes rock!
This dog definitely has pashins. 
straight outta disney...i almost cried that was so cute
Playing dark souls in a nut shell
The butt-wiggle of Survival
I think the kitten was making fun of the dog's jowls, then the dog had simply had enough.
I don’t care how many times I see this - that little escape wiggle will always make me giggle. 

Always.
This is what a fight between Josh Norman and Taylor Lewan would have looked like. 
Anyone else only realize the dog was wearing a shirt after rewatching the vid like 5 times?
Even good patient dogs have a limit.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but would this not fit into r/AnimalsBeingJerks ?
Man this is funny! Great post!
Sometimes you have to be reminded of your place.
Does that dog even know where he is?
"Yep...yep...k, know what? Nope, we're done."
That is the cutest thing ever 
They never learn.
aw so smol
gotta be a nipple here somewhere...
Lol. This reminds me of the time my friends dachshund was annoying my chocolate lab/husky mix. He had enough and just pinned her to the ground with his paw.
My dash of cute for the evening 
And forgotten the next...
I know the main focus isn't this, but at the end, the way the dog's face just *squelches* into mush when he puts his face on the ground is amazing.
I adore the kitten's attempts at putting its head directly into the dogs neck rolls.  Then the dog is like "Ok, enough." 
Why is the dog wearing a shirt?
Damn, what a shutdown. 
Dig
YOU DIED
I like to imagine there was a little cork-popping *ploop* the moment he gets unstuck.
is this breed a St. Bernard?
Paws..
I swear I’ve seen this exact thing happen in some cartoon.
When the higher rank is done playing with white belt. 
/r/donthelpjustfilm 

Never fuck with anything that can eat you whole.  
Reposts were posted today
T-shirt dawg
How do people that post know if it’s a repost or not? Can’t really judge OP
Hehehe that panicked "oh shit" wiggle!
Those little feets at the end working to get out!!!!!
I've had enough of those pointy little claws, now bugger off meowing pest!

Would that my dog would be so polite! The last time the cat tried the 'all cute in the dogs face' the cat earned a HOLE in his chin from a dog tooth!
What a gentle dog. So sweet.
Giant floof boy absolutely demolishes tiny scritch kitten
That cats just like "Jesus dude."
That dog is a saint.
Is that bernie wearing a Tshirt?
In the end the kitty's face when she looked back lmao
Do no one is going to talk about why this doggo is wearing a t-shirt?
Paw or claw to the eye, that is the line.
Ouch.


Let's hit that 100k tho
Dog is genuinely disappointed that he didn't squish the cat at the end.
This is my all time favourite gif
I know this is r/aww but I'll be this guy...

No matter how well behaved the dog is, this much of a size difference is pretty dangerous for the cat. This large of a dog can easily injure the cat even if he doesn't mean to. 

btw if the cat and dog are at similar sizes, then the cat usually dominates the dog. At least that's what happens in my case. If my Mini Schnauzer and kitten are in the same room, my Mini will get playfully attacked constantly and will try and hide in the corners to get some sleep.
I dont think this really belongs in /r/awww
OMG, thanks for this post lol!
WHO DISTRUBS MY SLUMBER!
r/pussypassdenied
Awwww Mom, look he's trying to choke him to death 
THE BUTT WIGGLE OF PURE FURY
I love the butt wiggling to get out. He wasn't afraid though. He knew the puppy didn't mean him any harm. 
r/hitanimals
Cute dog!
Unexpected friendship 
Dog got tired 
I love this dog breed 
What kind of breed is that dog 

Beethoven and Tom 
When the video starts, my stomach drops because it looks like the kitten's head is in the dog's mouth and kitten was almost dangling.
Ok... ok... ok...  *THUMPT* NOT the eye!
Anyone got this with sound? 
“AHH YES I WAS WONDERING WHAT WOULD BREAK FIRST?!”
And that, sandspur, is why we dont fuck with brutus
What type of cat is it I kinda want one now
The little guy is learning.
Alright dude you don't wanna play. I can take a hint
Kitten too close to doggo's eye? Cute. 
Beethoven don’t mess 
[deleted]
He laid down the law
Vicious dog mauls little kitten
Esto responde la pregunta.-como se dice "dejame de romper las pelotas" en idioma perro.
Aaaand done.
-Apple hey Apple..
-Shut up! Duh.. 
*Sumo*
"get off me, get off me"!!!
For the millionth time, I need a Saint Bernard 
If you can't hear, you will feel... 
my heart
The weak should fear the strong. 
Squisht. 
OMG, it's Cujo
u/vreddit-link-bot
oh boy this might just be the greatest thing i see today

&#x200B;
I’ve seen this 100 times but I’ve never realized that dog is looking dapper in a shirt. 
Can I endlessly pet both of them, please??!!
Very cute . Wanna hug both. 
&op Why is he in a tee shirt
I do love different animal interaction
Thought it might be something medical or just some kitty protection but figured I’d ask
When you’re the little spoon and your sweating from everyone’s body heat 😆
The dog’s like Mufasa and the kitten Simba.
Remember in [The Dark Knight Rises, when Bane casually puts his hand on Daggetts shoulder as a sign of power?](https://youtu.be/rY7stDTWjRI) This is the animal version. 
[deleted]
Marching feet!
I like his shirt. 
I like this video but have you ever seen Cujo, I'm scared to hell of St. Bernards since seeing that. 
The cat at the is looking around like shit.
r/watchanimalsdieinside
A lesson learned is a lesson earned
good thing cats don’t break easily 
Man this is the most St. Bernard thing I've seen in a while apart from my St. Bernard
That is interesting! 
Laughed out loud. Literally. 
This just looks like a Tom and Jerry sketch
Omg the struggle that little ass went through was adorable!
Beethoven ain't having none of that shit!
Isn't this G-bear and Leo? 
Amazing video
LMAO😂
this is kind of reverse cat and dog interaction

&#x200B;
so adorable!
"There's only so much I can take"!
 I know it's a repost but I love this vid - watching the dog slowly getting to the point where he's had enough 
So fuckin cute
Heeey!  Bad cuddling 😂
.
Wasn't there a old fleischer era or other studio cartoon with a new baby kitten playing with a saint bernard? Immediately thought of it when watching this.
Is no one going to mention the dog is wearing clothes? 
Kitten: let me kiss all over your mouth. Kiss, Kiss, Kiss, Kiss...
Poor cat prolly felt squished 
Oh! Those wee kicking toe beans! So sweet! 
Trying to defeat a boss 50 levels above you
This is so cute
Crushing strength achieved, proceed with further instructions.
Lol. Hard lesson 😂
He's a good boy.
As a cat person I hate that so many people found this cute. Cat could have been hurt. 
This is why you never chew on shoes and cables.
You’ll be forced to deal with an annoying kitty. Or is that a puppy? .,.
Looks like he can eat you whole....in spite of the tee shirt.
OMG his eyes at the beginning, like, "here we go again" LOL, so cute!
So gentle yet so not 
Lesson 1: Don’t put shirts on dogs 
OHGODNO
What a freaking beautiful dog
Good boye.
"Listen here you little shit"
Nice!
That is one good boy dog
How do you keep filming that tho
Aww cute, I like the part where the dog's large paw is pushed down onto the cat's spine, causing it to bend in a way it isn't supposed to as the cat struggles to get out. 

Gotta make those cute videos!
bahahaha awww
Sweet
That is hilarious! 😆😂🤣
Hi
Beethoven
FLOP
SHOOK
*wag*
me too
Lol
Get off me kitty 😂
Cool
Crushed
Awwwwww
YOU GOIN' TO JAIL NOW

#YOU GOIN' TO JAIL NOW
Hi
LOL so pretty 🤣
Cute :)
Little guy was just trying clean up the puppers drool
:)
This dog was trying out that video of gutting a rabbit through its butt.
I always feel bad for dogs that have to live under the same roof as cats
So would people still think this was "cute" if the dog rounded on the kitten and chomped it to death? I personally hate pictures of tiny kittens and big dogs together because BAD things can happen VERY quickly and that's all i can think about when I see them.. Are you prepared to put that kitten out of its misery if things go west? If not then don't put big dogs and little kittens together!
Yeah, Awww, but also, maybe stop filming and stop your cat’s spine from being broken
God dogs are so ugly. Remove that cat from the dog now or the owner. That’s animal cruelty and pet abondentment. Al dogs can go to hell 
Jesus Christ,THE KITTEN WAS LOOKING LIKE IT WAS DYING
I do this to my cat when she won't stop pawing my face. I snuggle her until she wants to get away from me. But she only gets the lesson for so long.
[deleted]
R/woosh 
