LET HIM IN
[deleted]
Took me longer than I'd like to admit to see an owl instead of a squid.
Owl be home for Christmas 
Maybe its bringing your Hogwarts letter!!
r/superbowl
Yer a wizard, Harry.
[deleted]
You're going to the frontpage, harry
Make sure to save before continuing Link.
Are you missing a toddler?
Might be a Goblin King
Hope you didn’t like using your front door
He was just keeping watch like a good night owl.
Did you throw a pokeball at it?
I envy you SO MUCH!!
The majestic feathered cuttlefish. You don't see many of these anymore. 
Wow!  That would be a treat to see!  He's beautiful!
According to Native American tradition, owls (particularly white owls) bring death with them. If one flies over your home, anticipate someone near you passing away. What it means if they sit above your door I have no idea!
 The real question is whether it came with a letter. 
Go watch the movie The Fourth Kind...I’ll never look at owls like this the same. 
[deleted]
Made me think of movie the 4th kind. Hope everyones ok your way 
As someone who has seen the Fourth Kind, this terrified me for a moment. 
Caught one of these by hand once. It had gotten in the attic at my job and flew down between 2 walls and was stuck. I stuck my hand down there, it latched onto my arm with its claws and I ran outside screaming and it flew off.. Very interesting moment 
Sorry.:: this is terrifying - wait, now that I see the owl I dont see predator mixed with an octopus elephant.   It is cute 
WHY NOT ME
Superb Owl
You've been abducted by aliens. Also, your daughter is missing. 
Really wish I could see the squid, I saw the owl from the get go. 
lol I thought it was some wierd sea creature for like a whole minute
I’m totally amused by the commenters who are surprised to find out it’s an owl. 😁
The letter from hogwarts finally arrived. 
My first thought is that you live under water
I thought i was like a cuttlefish 
It’s an alien for sure. 
Legit thought this was a squid. Felt stupid. Came to comments and found I wasn’t alone 😬
First thought: Holy fuck! That’s a big sucker fish.

Second Thought: Do they live in some underwater contraption? 

Third: Is it a giant moth? 

Fourth: I’m so confused...

Fifth: Fuck me, that is a majestic birb.
Congratulations on your acceptance to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry!!
David Bowie is that you!?!
Would have freaked the fuck out at first if I saw that 
I just watched The Fourth Kind. You're fucked OP, run. 
You have been blessed by the forest spirits... Put up some owl boxes!
Watch for alien abductions in your area....
r/superbowl
Now that I think about it, pretty much all folklore has owls as harbingers of death. Other than Harry Potter, I can't think of one culture that welcomes an encounter with an owl...
Cthulhu, is that you?
*It's not really an owl...* ◉_◉  

EDIT: Ahem, Downvoted? Guess someone didn't watch "The Fourth Kind" ......
owls are so goddamn majestic 
Do you have any memories of bright lights or probings? :P
You are being surveyed for obduction
Thought it was a damn squid, jesus christ 
These barn owls really are otherworldly. I was walking past our barn one evening, just about dusk, and saw a ghostly white face staring out at me. It was terrifying until I realized what it was.
Took a hot second to realise this was an owl. Was very perplexed because it looked like a cuttlefish with a fluffy tail was outside your window 
Was he/she carrying a letter of acceptance to Hogswart?
Most people see an owl or a squid but my dumbass still sees a cuttlefish
r/Superbowl
Your dog looks weird
Symbolizes change coming. If ur into that kinda stuff.
Congratulation on you admissions to hogwarts
Congratulations on being accepted to Hogwarts! 
It's the owl from that song! You know, "Owl Be Home for Christmas"?
Someone is going to hogwart
 😃
And it’s almost r/superbowl season!
I’d highly recommend checking if he has a letter for you 
You've got mail
Its Jareth the Goblin King come to steal some babies!
So when do you head off to Hogwarts? 
At first glance, I thought this was an octopus and that you were in some type of underwater vacation spot. I see now that it's a hootbirb (:
I didn't have my glasses on and thought this was a giant nautilus for a moment.
That is a superb owl.  The kind they talk about a lot in February.
At first I thought that was an octopus 
Did your Hogwarts acceptance letter come in today?
I could have sworn this was a squid!
Am I the only one who thought this was a squid for a solid 30 seconds
Guardians of Ga’houl are maintaining regular patrols this Christmas season to ensure you and your loved ones are protected from a drunk elf riding a sleigh that took out an elderly woman in a hit-and-run last year. 
The owls are not what they seem.
This is a sign of good luck, and just around the new year... maybe your 2019 is looking bright. 
The owls are not what they seem 
Quick, open up, it's your Hogwarts letter of acceptance!!!
Did he have your letter from hogwarts? 
Thought Cthulu came knock to your door...
I thought it was a damn octopus.
Molech has been pleased by your offerings. 
Is this r/accidentalrenaissance ?
Wow! 
A superbowl for sure.
Who is it?
Good luck, bad luck, pregnancy or death. Owl omens are fucked. 
I was just about to ask how a cuttlefish is sitting at your window like that haha
I thought it was a squid...but it didn't make sense.  I need to turn my brightness up.
Is that an octopus
Seriously thought that was a Nautilis
r/superbowl 
I thought this was a gigantic cuttlefish at first 
r/superbowl
I saw a cuttlefish floating in mid-air
r/superbowl
Superb 
r/superbowl
/r/confusingperspective

Thought it was a squid, then an elephant for a half second, then finally hooted along
Total r/superbowl 
Congratulations, you have been accepted to Hogwarts 
Deadass thought Cthulhu was at your door for a second
Man we got some blind people on reddit. I knew it was an owl before even clicking on the post on mobile 
/r/SuperBowl 
Did it, or did it not, give a hoot?
r/superbowl
r/superbowl
Not gonna lie I thought this was a cuttlefish 
Lechuza!
I thought it was a cuttlefish or octopus at first 
toasty boi :)
It’s an owl showing off his cool new Fleather jacket
r/confusing_perspective
What does the letter say?

ps: sorry for the reference, I just started reading Harry Potter
I would invite my sister over for breakfast and recommend she bring her Yorkshire terrier.
Cuddle fish.. Ohh an OWl!  Wow never thought i would confuse the two
r/Superbowl
That’s just David Bowie trying to steal your baby brother.
he protecc
he attacc
but he also ˢˡᵉᵉᵖ
Cthulhu is trying to get into your house.
First I thought it was a squid, then I thought it was a giraffe. Finally figured out it was an owl. 
What a handsome lad

When I first saw this I thought it was a massive snail on your window, then I thought it was a giraffe, then back to snail, and THEN I finally saw the owl
You should post this to r/birdsofprey if you haven't already.
Holy calamari it's an owl
My blind ass thought that was an octopus
Everybody saying Harry Potter. 

Yet this looks like one of the main owls in the guardian of Ga’Hoole book. 
Hoo hoot! Link... Look up here! It appears that the time has finally come for you to start your adventure! You will encounter many hardships ahead... That is your fate. Don't feel discouraged, even during the toughest times!
Did you assume your letter from Hogwarts finally came? 
Well,  open your window he has a letter for you
r/suberbowl
r/superbowl
She looks like she’s about... 5 books old.
Message
Ngl, thought that was a squid at an aquarium...
Congrats on your admission to Hogwarts.
The owl is so beautiful! You are so lucky, I am a little bit envious of you, I love owls. 🦉🦉🦉
Still looks like a squid to me. Giving up.
Who is it? Who? Who? 
I thought this was a fish at first
Yo man. Straight up thought that was an octopus.
Man if you’ve haven’t seen The Fourth Kind, I’ve got some bad news for you friend 
Well tell that to Kanja Klub
Quick ask him how to get to the center of a Tootsie Pop!!!
That's beautiful! I've lived nearby the woods most of my life and I've never seen a barn owl. But grats on seeing one! Must be a good omen! 
Stunning owl 
I thought this was a fucking giant cuttlefish
Yer a wizard, GodsFavoriteAngel
Died that look like a squid or octopus to anyone else squinting?
I kept seeing an octopus head and thought chthulu came knocking 
Got accepted to the  winter session at the school of witchcraft and wizardry?
I’m so glad I wasn’t alone in wondering what the heck I was looking at. That was so stressful. 
Congratulations on your acceptance to Hogwarts.
I thought it was a sepia watching you
Love owls, but does anyone agree they sometimes look like giant moths...
You're a wizard, Harry! 
And a dead cat on your welcome mat. 
Looks like hedwig
it's your birthday Harry Potter! 
Harry, is that you?!!
I doubt anyone will see this, but WOW this is an AMAZING photo!

When my mom died, she was fascinated by hawks. Seeing the detail in your pic of the owl reminded me of her.

Thanks OP!
It's beautiful, I love owls, especially Barn owls, though I would never own one in fear of not being able to take care of it properly.
What in the name of God, Alá, Buddah, Zeus, Chandragupta, Quetzalcoalt, Amateratsu, Yocajú and Shamash is that?
Hagrid? Haven't heard that name in years
Hogwarts delivering a letter you better open that window!
Fact:   Squidowls nest above doors during the day and retreat under the sea to hunt and socialize. 
Whooo was it?
At first I was like elephant? Then Octopus? Then oh an owl
hedwig?! is that you?!
[deleted]
That thing could kill you and your family. Don't let him in. 
First thought: DEAR GOD IS THAT A SNAIL?!?! WHY IS IT SO LARGE?!?!?!

Second thought after looking at picture from different angles: Ohhhhhh! It’s an owl! So COOL!
I don't think you're supposed to be telling muggles this.
Have you ever seen the 4th kind?
This is The Fourth Kind
/r/Superbowl 
LONG LIVE HEDWIG
That's an alien bro.
Have you ever seen the fourth kind? Main reason why I hate owls was watching that as a kid.
For some reason I thought it was a cuttlefish at first
Your Hogwarts letter awaits!
Soooo, you either have a parcel from Hogworts,  or a quick dish of impending doom at the door.  I would make some coffee and wait this out.
Am I the only one who gets freaked out by owls 
r/superbowl 

That is, Superb Owl, not Super Bowl
Thought it was a squid for a second!
Very lucky, owl's are nature silent badasses
It took me 2 seconds to realize what it is lol
i though this was a fucking squid
r/superbowl
I always wanted one for myself until i learned its illegal in the US unless its for their safety or therapy 😭😭 beautiful feathery friend
r/superbowl 
Isn't that a cuttlefish
Took me a while to figure out what I was actually looking at.
r/superbowl 
I only saw a snail at first...
/r/superbowl
So awesome. 
Gorgeous!! You lucky dog 
So so jealous 
So beautiful. 
Oh my, I would've filled my phone with pictures.
Happy owloween
Leave some chunks of meat out on the ledge there and it'll likely come back more often :)
Give the precious birb some food and a blanket

I wonder if that window was significantly warmer than the other available perches.  
Ok, legit thought this was a cuttlefish for a quick second. I'm dumb.

Edit: ok I'm glad I'm not the only one ahahaha.
Such a magical creature. Did you look up what message the owl brings? I heard one last night while in my home. I’ve never heard one in the place. It was such a treat!
At first glance, I thought this was a cuddle fish
Barn owl? Where in the world is it?
Would he fall if you opened the door or does he have a ledge to sit on where he wouldn’t be disturbed? It would be so cool if he made that his home 
I would sit and watch it for as long as it is standing there. 
Are you pin pals with a wizard?
Oh wow, beautiful
I thought it was a squid. r/confusing_perspective
Ur a wizard 'Arry.
At first it looked like a cuttledish...
I thought that was cthulu
Everyone’s seeing a squid and here I am seeing a whale 
That is one wierd squid owl mutation.
Better get your mail and give him five knuts.
Beyond jealous. 
r/unexpectedhogwarts
Let him and he probably has a letter for you from Hogwarts!!! Lucky!
Is that a cuddlefish?
“Yur a wizard, Harry”
I thought this was a moth and i was scared shitless.
Quoth the cute owl: Wow, you snore.
A rare northern penguin. 
You’re so lucky 
That's obviously a moldy potato, don't know what you "squid" people are smoking 
I thought this was underwater 
Best day ever. What a sweet surprise 
r/SuperbOwls
I thought it was a giant anacondas head
It took me two minutes to realize it was an owl
Took me about 5 minutes to make out that it was not in fact a fish perched at the window, but an owl. Those are some interesting camo techniques
I would call off from work 
Well theres your hogwarts letter... probably a little too late
r/superbowl
Am I the only one that saw an owl face in the imgur link?...
You've got mail
I would so have a bird roost of sticks and supports ready for the next time it goes hunting, and try to coax it to return, and again in Spring to nest in the box. We had a robin nest in view like that, then when it was out foraging, I placed a mirror above the nest, and everyday our kids watched the stages from eggs to hatchlings to chicks to fledglings to hovering on the edge, shaking, then flying away. Better than Netflix.
It took me a sec to realize it's an owl. That's an awesome thing to find.
HEDWIG!
r/superbowl man. Wtf
I don't know why but I saw a squid initially.
Thought it was a cuttlefish for a sec lol
I'm with the others... Took me a few seconds to realize this wasn't Cthulhu.
What a majestic creature!
Imagine how terrified you both would be if you just walked out and didn't know it was there. 
Probably liking the heat through the window. 
Hes waiting for you to come out so it can attack, muhahaha 
Squidward?
Who is it? 😏
but I know it's not an owl
Thought this was Cthulhu for a second 
You've got mail. 
My wife would lose her shit if she saw this..... She is terrified of all things that fly. 
The 4th kind?...
Looked like a squid at first
Lets go to hogwarts
Can I ask where one must live to have an owl at your door?  
You’re going to love hogwarts!
Your place must have close to zero rodent problems.
Nappy boi
Beware the goblin king
G gorg

A gorges

Gorgedt

A gorges

My gorgeous grand daughter. 
I had no idea what I was looking at until I read the comments. None.
I'm so drunk I thought it was a flying squid 
Superb. 
LOOK AT THAT SLEEPY BOY. WHAT A FUCKING CUTIE. 
$1.50 for feathers 
I now want to build a house with a bunch of bird nooks all around it, though I'm guessing that would take quite a bit of construction to also keep them safe from predators.  I would just love waking up and seeing a bunch of different birds everywhere.
What a beauty. There are some barn owls at a local sanctuary so I have touched them, I wouldn't attempt that with a wild one though but maybe you find a feather? They are super soft. Their call is also like a screech so you may hear them at night, a bit eerie but so cool. I would love to have one chill on my property. I felt like I had seen a celebrity when a rock kestrel landed in my yard.
[I shall never adore an owl ever again](https://i.imgur.com/VYP15lL.gif?noredirect)
Wow. You are blessed. Off to Hogwarts!
This is so beautiful 
What is this, what am I looking at?
Very cool Mr Obama
I feel like this is a bad omen 
I thought this was a cuttlefish at first and was REALLY confused.
Is this an alien elephant? 
This has to be some kind of good omen!
/r/AccidentalFourthKind
WTH is he doing?
I'm so confused. My first thought was squid.... Then potato. 

Please send help. 
What a good sleepy wise boy. 
Ok, so i am not the only one who thought that this was a squid.
Sleeping cuddle bird
Fuck owls, they killed my cat
Feel so bad all their homes are getting torn down and they just chill at peoples houses... sad 
   He’s very pretty though! 
I’d kill to see a barn owl. 
>It's not an owl *sobbing*.......... IT'S NOT AN OWL!!!!!
That's bad juju in Native American culture....
Did you get accepted into hogwarts? 
Gorgeous boi 
I saw a curious elephant pushing its face to the glass for so long...
r/superbowl
Thought Cuthulu came by for a visit for a moment there. 
Thanks for making me question reality 
Does it come in black ?
Well, this is a new one. Now you can’t use your front door OP.  
Be careful owls are known for dragging your soul to hell.
Nevermore
If the movie *4th Kind* has taught me anything, you should be expecting a visit from Aliens soon.
What a beautiful creature
Big beautiful barn owl. Watch out for small dogs and cats!
"Hey uh, got any...mice?"
Shhh he's sleeping
/r/suberbowl
Squid
I seriously was confused because I didn’t see an owl at first. I saw something like a squid-cow, and then just a squid, then an owl,
If you wake up at night and it’s staring at you...  Never sleep again!!!!!

Edit:  The Fourth Kind
Harry?
r/superbowl
Kill it. It's a witch
Trying to reconcile with the cuddlefish swimming on your front porch
I was looking at the back of the owl for a face and thought you had Cthulhu in your windowsill 
Totally thought this was a cuttlefish.  
It’s sleeping
“It looked like a normal owl.

But I know it’s not an owl.”
This is a barn owl. In my area they are a species in decline. Please consider reporting your siting to ebird.org who collect valuable information on bird populations.  Thank you for sharing this great photo - you are lucky!
Truly superb
The fourth kind!🤔
So you 100% didn't open the door for the entire day, right?
Congratulations on your acceptance to Hogwarts!! 
It kinda looks like there is an owl making the same expression as him with his feathers
I kept seeing a cuttlefish at first and was incredibly confused. 
I'm thinking.he was a little chilly. He found a warm place to roost. Now if he can swindle a free meal and maybe a spare blanket, he'd be set.
Snow White I presume?
That is an everything bagel.
Weird
I wouldn’t leave my house so as not to disturb it. So precious. 
It's a Christmas miracle!
Are you a wizard and get some mail?
That's so cool, you're so lucky to have that sort of thing happen
that’s a good omen
That’s a nice lookin trout, Where’d ya pick up that beaut??
The thumbnail looked like a camel head.
so adorable omg
So majestic 
Everyone and their dog is saying Hogwarts letter. 

No way.. that owl stuck around.. that Owl was observing. 

That owl.. is the goblin king. 
Powerful medicine! 
If you have pulled the Owl card, you are being asked to use your powers of keen, silent observation to intuit some life situation. Owl is befriending you and aiding you in seeing the total truth. Owl can bring you messages in the night through dreams or meditation. Pay attention to the signals and omens. The truth always brings further enlightenment.


https://scottfoglesong.printandwebdesign.com/21-owl.pdf
The 4th Kind would like to have a word with you 
That's an owl and it can fuck you up
Did you get your letter to Hogwart?? 
Do me a favor and let em in
Have you never seen the 4th kind!!! 
So beautiful. Such amazingly wowww. 
The Goblin King has come!
r/majesticaww
Not gonna lie i was terrified for a few seconds
Gorgeous! 
I like the second face in his wing 
Nkt gonna lie, I totally thought that was a cuttlefish for a second there
The owls are NOT what they seem.... 
Thought that was a octopus/squid to begin with.. then again I’m pastered. Merry Christmas everyone !
You just got invited to Hogwarts. 
Are you experiencing and missing time? 
It looks like it has frog eggs plastered around it.
Did you go out the back door today?
Beautiful! I love your new mailman! 
Who sees an elephant?
This is an alien bruh
But living in a castle, that was expected
Once I realized it was an owl. I was thinking of cosmic owl from adventure time
The 4th Kind, anyone? 
He slep
Good lord. I thought it was a cuttlefish and was trying to figure out how one could get above your front door. 
Took my brain a couple seconds to understand why I was seeing brick behind that cuttlefish. 
Yeah. I thought that was a cuttlefish. 
Count your blessings, the owl is cuter.
I legit thought this was a cuddle fish but couldn't figure out why the one end was fuzzy and how it was floating outside your window. I showed it to my daughter who then told me it's an owl and asked if I was ok because "Duh Mom!" 
A cuttlefish?
Aww! I love barn owls! So cute taking a snooze! :)
I thought this was a cuddle fish for the longest time 
Anyone else seen ‘The Fourth Kind’?
r/superbowl
😍 an owl!!!
I saw for a while a giant squid in your door and I was afraid until I realized it was only a bird friend.
[Here's a baby one I held this summer :D](https://i.imgur.com/kcvOxME.jpg)
Wow, where do you live? I would love to see one in person.
It took me an embarrassingly long time to figure out that this isn't a Lovecraftian monster
r/superbowl
To the romans owls were symbols of death especially when one was gound above a roman emperor. Now one is above you. 
 Thought this was a Nautilus and thought “THE FUCK IS SO BEAUTFUL ABOUT THIS?!?!”
SCARE IT
That's a barn owl you guys and catch it and train it
How did a trout get to your front door? 
I thought it was an octopus first...
I thought this was some weird elephant thing for at least 25 seconds
4th kind.
Don't you have a chimney or an open window? How were you expecting to get your Hogwarts letter?
The Lord of the woods has come to bless you. 
Thought it was an octopus lol
Looks like a cuddlefish
You have mice in your house
yer a wizard harry
I like to singa about the moona and the Juna and the springa
Horrifying
Owl be damned, it _does_ kinda look like a squid!
And the coolest thing that I come across is a pigeon. 
Love that 🤣
Owls are birds that slept in later and later until they evolved to become cool and get shit done at night.
Looks like a cuttlefish to me. 
👍👍👍👌👌👌👌
Hoo can it beeee now?
Nevermore.
This KINDA made me sad. 
What is that
shrimp?
I gotta admit. I didnt think of a squid or Harry Potter as I saw that. I thought of Wan Shi Tong.
Dude the *chances* of this are so ridiculously slim. At least where I live anyways. You are so lucky 
r/superbowl
I can only see this as a fat owl
Owl my God....its hootiful 
I find this neat from my living room but I would have a full on melt down from fear if this happened to me.
Took me a good 20 seconds to realize what I was looking at. 
Omg at the beginning I thought it was an octopus, an alien, them I realized it is an owl. 
What kind of magical utopia do you live in to see owls like this? All I can see where I live are shitty crows who are pissed off for no reason.
Simply stunning. 
What is it
The white owl
Did anyone else think it was an elephant??

GORGEOUS!
Did you have a storm recently? A few years back I woke up to a Burrowing Owl hanging out in the same place. He'd been shaken up by rough weather, returning to my patio for a few days before venturing forth.
at least it’s not featherless
nice

&#x200B;
My Patronus on Pottermore is a snowy owl!
That squid be fowl...
Wow, how beautiful
Ahh it’s an owl
"Harry, here's your bird"
One fancy ass owl
I love the speckled little flecks in their feathers. So pretty
What does it taste like?
It's the Goblin King. Watch for giant cod pieces and keep your children close.
Aaaaw
Beautiful🦉
Why did it take me 10 mins to figure out what that was
Looks like a cuttlefish peeking in.
It's an alien.
"Hi, do you have time to talk about our lord and savior Cthulhu?" 
Did you wake him from his slumber?
You know if you want a unique Christmas dinner, I bet it would be a change to Chicken or Turkey.
Hedwig???
The wise one. 
aliens.
Oh wow. Beautiful. 
So you got in Hogwartz, sweet! I'm still waiting for my card :/
That's a weird looking elephant
They are beautiful but petrifying. They fly silently and have razor sharp talons.
I thought this was a cuddlefish hahahah
I Thought that was an octopus for a second
A barn owl
This morning one tried to take one of my small animals... What if this is the beginning of the animal take over of the Earth because they've had enough of our mistreatment of it.... You heard it here first folks...
Sleepy sleepy 
We’re you accepted into Hogwarts?
So beautiful 
That's a rare ass bird dude
It's got your invitation to Hogwarts
wow, you got in to Hogwarts!
Spectacular!
Disgusting beast. Kill it with fire.
Beautiful.. I love owls
It's Hedwig!
You ever see “The Fourth Kind”?
Big octopus with his nose pressed against the winder 
Hedwig LIVES!
I have one of these fuckers outside my house.. They are beutiful... Until you spend all night trying to sleep cause HOOOOO HOOO
I thought the top comment would be about Hogwarts.  Apparently we’ve moved on.  
Personally, I'm just really happy to come to the comments and find that I was not in fact the only person to see squid. 
r/superbowl
My thought was ...squid? Wait no it’s outside it must be a GIANT COCOON NASTY BUG THING WHATTHEFUCK...oh, it’s an owl. That was a wild ride.
r/superbowls
Enjoy Hogwarts!
What an adorable cuttlefish owl
Dude let it in and help it, earning an owl buddy to bring you mice
No more problems with mice! 
Hoo was it?
He is sleeping
Hedwig?
Woah!!!! It is probably your spirit animal! So so cool!!
What’s up with the spider webs?
Barn owls are easily my favourite owls. 
Zzzzzzz
What's this?
Am I the only one who didn't see a squid?
According to this thread, it's probably a squid carrying an invitation to a magic school.
I genuinely don't see what this is supposed to be
I genuinely thought this was a painting 
I love big hooters!  Owls are nice too.
You remind me of the babe
Cats are weird nowadays 
Wow, how lucky!

Did it bring any mail?
Your letter to hog warts is here 
For one second I was gonna start yelling out lines from the movie "The Mist"!
I’d be terrified if I saw this.
Oh no, the 4th kind!!!! 😱😱😱
That is so awesome! 😀👍😁😙😚☺🙂🤗😍
Ever seen the 4th kind? 
Lechusa! 
Harry Potter joke 
r/superbowl
That's not an Owl...
Perching there upon my door,
Quoth the owlet, "Nevermore"
OP: thanks for the karma owl!
/r/awwtf
r/superbowl
Damn.
That’s like striking gold. I’ve never seen a wild owl
He snooze where he choose
My grandmother loved owls and when she passed the same minute I opened a magazine and saw the owls I looked at the clock and about 5 minutes later I found out she had passed at the same time. I have my own owl collection now. 

I have some owls that likes to hunt in my yard now 10 years later and I love seeing them! 
Lost time!!!aliens,lol
_"Knock-knock-knockin' on R'lyeh's do-oo-ooor!"_
Nevermore 
That has to be some kind of really good omen. 
I thought it was a fucking fish for a second 
What is it? 
You’re next in line for abduction by extra terrestrials 
Ok. That is not a squid, it's an owl. Hello. Duh. 
This means you have been abducted. Sorry to say....
You have spotted a Pidgeot!
BTW cuttlefish, not squid.......
Yeah I thought this was a Nautilus and I was really confused
I thought it was a squid too!
You're either a Disney prince(ss) or yer a wizard!
According to The Fourth Kind you've been visited by an alien...  check yourself for weird bruises.
I done thought that was a massive floating cuttlefish waiting for you
I guess you're not leaving the house today
Thought it was a huge snail stuck to your window 
It's not an owl!
It took me way too long to figure out what the fuck this was. I thought it was some weird ass giraffe-hippo hybrid alien shit pressing its face against your window and I'm like is this an animal somewhere that I've never heard of? Is this an elaborate fantasy-art? 

And then I see it. 
Blessed 
Holy whooo Batman, I can't believe it. That is fantastic!
If this has been said I'm sorry, but how do yall see a squid ????? Lol 
Personally, I'm terrified of barn owls.
Took me a long time to realize it wasn't a plecco fish
I’ve seen the Fourth Kind.... I know what’s happening
Did you get your letter to Hogwarts?
What is this thing? 
Is that a squid?
Wan Shi-Tong visited you!?!? 
Gorgeous! 😍
I saw a shell at first... 
Oh how majestic.  I could be so lucky. 
Twit twoo 
Looks like a cuttlefish. 
R/Superbowl

I still can’t see it.. it’s a squid and that’s final. 
This is a sign of death be safe
Living and working in mass and RI I saw my first wild owl last week sitting on a power line basking in the morning sun.  I didn't take any pics so It didn't happen but he or she was magnificent! 
Is it a barn owl? 
Beautiful! 
r/superbowl
r/superbowl 
r/Superbowl
S l e e p y b o i
That's one weird fish, but still a cutie
Never who?
That looks just like the transom in our last house in Missourah.
Kept trying to figure out how a cuttlefish got out of the water...
r/superbowl 
He came to inform you you had been accepted into Hogwarts but owls arw unaware of the time change despite them being quite intelligent and magical birds, so he wanted to nap and make sure you got your invitation the moment you woke up.
The poor baby is cold and wants to come in and share your Christmas dinner with you ♡♡♡♡
Not going to lie I’m a little drunk and it took me a while tow work out what the hell that was
I thought this was a slug
r/absoluteunits
Great pic!!
Can't fool me, Jareth
Cthulhu? 
Wow what a beautiful animal
Well, you're not leaving your house today.
Thought it was crustation from the Jurassic period,  or a cuddle fish. 
Lucky! That is one gorgeous owl
Sleepy boi!!!
This isn't in Nome, Alaska is it?
It took me a minute for my brain to process what this creature was lol beautiful owl though !!
If that was on my front door I wouldn't leave the house for fear of waking him. Kinda like when the cat sits on my lap. "Guess I'm calling in sick today."
It’s attracted to your spirit! 
How long have you been a Disney princess?
Looks like a cuttlefish at first glance
Bro, have you ever watched "The fourth kind" ?
Cthulhu is that you?  
I thought that as an octopus
THATS A HUGE ASS BIRD
Using the warmth from the window. Smart as well as beautiful. 
Beautiful barn owl
cool. a cuttlefish! you live underwater?
Owl boot.
Hello gorgeous one.
Cute cuttlefish!
Wow! That’s so awesome!
shie
There’s no post on Sunday’s. 
Yeah, you got abducted
Wtf am i looking at here?

Y'all gon get upducted lmao.
Before clicking on this, I fully expected this to be a cat because everyone posts cats on here, but boy was I pleasantly surprised. Owls are gorgeous creatures.
*Zero disrespect to cats btw, they are also lovely little things.*
You got into hogwarts!
Good morning Cuthulu. How are you? 
Took me way too long to realize this wasn't some Lovecraftian horror watching you sleep through the window.
I wish this happend to me :")
What the absolute heck. I saw a squid at first too and ran to the comments to see if I was the only one. The human brain is weird AF.
Magical
Hoo goes there?
You're a hairy wizard!
Awww Happy Christmas, Mr. Owl.
Beautiful animal
Are you ga’hoole? cuz he’s the guardian
I thought this was a cuttlefish for a full 20 seconds and was trying to think of any recent natural disasters with huge flooding.
It's a barn owl right? 

 Idk why,  but they always struck me as different from other owls. 
I saw a predator skull 
You must have a lot of critters to eat in your neighborhood
r/superbowl
Damn that’s cool af
At first i thought it was a fish stuck on ur window 
awwww
Took me a while ...
That’s actually an Aljen keeping its eyes on you. Source - The 4th Kind
I thought there was a giant snail stuck on your window 
Such a cute dog
I thought this was a fish at first glance.

Someone is holding up with a stick
Smart birb doin' a chill on your windowsill
I thought it was a giant squid at first ....
Aww that’s a barn owl
Others have said it but I totally did think this was a squid
Amazing!
I thought thos was a fish
Looks like aerial cuttlefish to me 
Someone draw the squid on top of the owl because I don't understand how anyone could see this as a squid.
What happened next :O
I thought it was a freaking cuddle fish. Haha 
“Me am just slep here nows, thankyoo”
He's sleeping, you cannot wake him. You are stuck inside forever. My condolences to your family.
I would adopt it!
Does anyone know what species of owl this is?
Guess what!
r/superbowl

I thought this was a very large snail at first. 
I see an owl........ it’s not an owl.
Package thieves - 0:1
Looks like Cthulhu is peeking in
Now you can't leave
Was gonna hop in to the comments for some hate while the image loaded with my crappy phone internet, fully expecting it to be another cat picture....

Yeah I'm good.
"Hello, boss? Yeah, I actually can't come in today... oh, no, everything's okay; it's just that a yuletide spirit animal just stopped in to let me know it's a 'stay at home' kind of day."
Why did I think that this was a giraffe?
It looked like a cuttlefish at first. I was confused.
r/superbowl
Looked like a cuttlefish 
If he were awake, I'd have been terrified before anything
Looks like brother Michael 
True story, I was walking in to deer hunt one morning in the dark and had a barn owl take off from a tree less than six feet from my face. I almost peed my pants!
That’s a pretty owl. Thought it was a huge chicken breast for a moment. Lol 
I've seen fourth kind. You're in for some shit 🦉🦉🦉
Let ‘em in
Are you Harry Potter ?
