I can feel his happiness, this just made my day. Thnx
That flop at the end! Just like:

*plop* "This is awesome! Thank you! I'm done for now!"
Note: He has not moved from that position, and has been asleep for the last two hours. Good boy, 12/10 would adopt again

Edit: Wow!! Thanks for the gold...and silver...and platinum.,.Thanks for all the love, Ryder and I appreciate it!
What a happy boy! Shelter dogs are so appreciative.
This is the best thing ever and (I hope) he will probably keep doing it.  I adopted my nugget a year ago and she still does this. Now she even helps make the bed in the morning by jumping on. I usually end up burying her in blankets and messing around for a good 10 mins before actually getting to making up the sheets. 
Best days ever. 
This is what pure happiness looks like.
"IT'S MADE OF SOFT!"
Thank you for adopting a shelter pet!!
"THIS SMELLS LIKE MY NEW HUMAN I LOVE IT!"
I love this so much. I remember when I adopted my senior pup from the shelter he came to my house and sat in his bed and literally was KNOCKED out for like 10 hours. All his stress was gone 😢
How'd you get a video of me looking for my glasses in the morning?

Such a good boi though *internet pats*
He’s going to feel that same way for the rest of his life thanks to you. However, the way he’s going to make YOU feel for the rest of his life is going to be even better. 
Bed bed bed bed bed bed bed!
😭😭😭 Thank you for saving a furry friend. I can't imagine how hard it must have been for him the past few months.
Your bed? No, our bed now hooman. 
Pure joy!
That's awesome, sensory overload! 
that's what i did after three years of being homeless. 
That's his now. Good luck getting in edgewise. 🤣
Thank you for saving him ❤️
I think your good karma has just gone into overdrive!
That look he gives the camera at the end is just precious 
that face at the end

"Oh! .....how long have you been recording?"
That last position, says it all..boom.and I'm sleeping..
Hi please tuck that very very good boy in for me. Don’t forget the goodnight cuddles and kisses as well. Thanks. 

P.s extra kisses and cuddles will be greatly appreciated 
Awww that's so incredibly heartwarming. You can feel his joy, he's marking the bed as his. "This is mine, it's really mine."
I make the same moves when the sheets are freshly laundered.
You made him very happy. Have a good life together. 
On the real, I hope you gave him a bath first
Every night before bed I throw the shirt I'm wearing on the floor for my dog. She does this same thing. Makes me laugh every time! 
"This is great! Where's your bed though?"
This makes me really happy to know that he's really happy 🙂
Rubbing his scent *ALL OVER* that bed. 
We adopted a dog a few days before Christmas and he spends as much time as he can getting in real close, putting his head somewhere you have to stroke him and then sneezing in my girlfriends face. 
We recently adopted a cat, let her out in our room to immediately establish a safe/hiding area for her.  She looked around, jumped up, laid on my pillow and went to sleep.  I couldn’t even be mad, it was too cute.
In my household, we call that “much rubby.” My dog, Rigby, even does it on command! Pure happiness. 
That’s awesome!!! You’re a good person!! We need more people like you👍👍👍
"oo, I'm gonna sleep there! And there! And here! And there! And over here!" 
I'm so mad this doesn't have sound
If I could upvote this a thousand times I would.  
What a beautiful dog! Glad you found each other! 
He looks so happy & excited! This is so heartwarming - congrats on your new bestie!!
Canine and human stinks successfully assimilated 
Oh my goodness! What a happy boi!!
Omg. I'm crying. 
I'm not sure this will work out...he doesn't look very happy... think you should give him up. I'll take him.  Not for my own benefit AT ALL. 😏😏😏

Thank you for adopting not shopping! Hope you and your gorgeous floof have all the fun - i suspect someone is gonna get spoilt  ! 😊😊😊
“I’m home!!!”
Good boi goes from rags to riches! I hope you enjoy your new creature comforts! 
He’s putting his scent on it. Kind of claiming it at his new bed.
Things we take for granted such as beds every night and here we have a dog going crazy cause he can finally sleep on one. Can’t imagine having to probably sleep on concrete for two months. You two enjoy each other! 
Now you can't ever tell him to get off the bed...that's his domain now 
I must feel the bed with every part of my body
Welcome home sweetie 
This is actually dog prison rules. "If I rub myself all over it then get lost!"
dang makes me miss my doggo, happy that you chose to adopt 
Awwwwww!!! Happy blanket worm!! 
I would frog splash this boy and give him all the pets and cuddles.
My heart just melted. :-3❤️
Oh my heart this morning! Such a sweetie. 
You're a hero and he's a cutie
Your doggo needs to audition for mattress commercials
We got our dog after he was kicked out of his old home onto the streets. We’ve had him since 7 years now and he does this every morning after he wakes up, and every night before he sleeps. He is incredibly appreciative and it’s honestly the cutest thing ever!
That makes me happy. What kind of doggo is that? Pitt mix? 
Well, that's all his now.
Oh my gosh, what a sweetheart! 💖
Where is the sound?!
Tuckered out after 52 seconds
If I have one experience in my life where I feel half the awe and wonderment that this dog felt experiencing a bed, I can die without regrets.
Sometimes dogs are great at reminding us that it's the little things in life that matter.  A cozy bed is essential!
"They ain't got nothing soft like this on the inside Boss."
I like the chalkboard wall. I feel like you should draw your dog in your bed on your wall. Preserve the memory and stuff.

Also, good boy. What a good boy.
I love all the dog experts on here, please tell us more 
He’s so happy!!!! THESE are the best posts!
It's 5:30 am and now I'm crying.
Please tell me you gave this puppers all the snuggles.
Why are you not in there cuddling with him?  Get to it man!
I have just decided that if I get a dog I’m adopting. 
I love at the end he looks at you like- this is okay, right? 😂
We rescued a 7 year old Pitbull from the pound.....before she was in the pound she was owned by a homeless person who took VERY good care of her. But we didn’t think she ever payed in a comfortable bed or a couch....the day we brought her home she did this exact same thing on ever piece of furniture and rug 
Beware of flea though
Is the pitbull the official dog of Reddit? 
It's warm and soft and smells like his new human. 
I can't hear all his little snorts and grunts but i know they are there❤
He protec

He attac

But most importantly, good boi roll front and bac.

Why is every rescue dog a staffy?

Edit: Anyone know the answer? Seems this has annoyed people
So he's familiar with the softness of The Bed :))
My dog does this every time he walks into my bedroom...
We decided to let out 1 year old pup in the bed. That is basically what she did. 
Oh, my heart! That bed has been claimed, now you must moosh yourself around him to sleep. Thank you for adopting ❤
Love him forever. He deserves all the love. You are his family now.
My man! My dog looks almost EXACTLY like him and we also got him from thr pound. Any idea what breed/mix he is? We think our dog is part Pitt but were not sure.
mah heart
Good boy 
I love this so much.
He loves you. 
Me on xtc
That's adorable. That's a seriously happy pupper.
Is that a chalkboard wall? :O
Thank you for giving him his happiness.
dogs are rays of sunshine 
OMG the end, when he just lies there still. It was like a visual sigh of relief that said “Home”.
Do you mean you lost your dog for 2 months and just got him back from the pound or that you have just adopted a dog which has been in the pound for 2 months?
Aww bless him looks like he has found is forever home best of luck defined one happy dog 👍😂
Aww what a goober. No matter how low I am in my life I can always see a happy dog or cat and still smile
That is what I look like after being away from home for a while...it looks like he found his new home peaceful.
I love him! And you for adopting him.
This cloud thing is very comfy
100000% positive this will be the actions of your soul bc that good boi will love you SO intensely for all his days. 
Great video. Great foreshadowing. Great person you are for giving this good boi a loving home.
Not to be that guy it’s awesome but might wanna give him a bath and wash your sheets now playboy when I got my girl from the shelter she was filthy
how can someone see this and still want to adopt from a breeder 
What a good boah. Looks like he found his spot
he makes me very happy 
right at the end .. ANNDDD now im comfy
All dogs should live this well. Thanks for adopting him!
I predict you will find yourself hanging off the edge or curled up on a corner. Or getting yourself a bed. As long as he's happy.
My 3 rescue babies still do this when I put fresh sheets on the bed. 
That was a beautiful thing to see to start my day. Thank you. :-)
This is how you know you’ve done the right thing 
That's his bed now. You get to sleep in the smaller dog bed
Awe so happy for him ❤️
Experts: what’s going on here?
I think it’s safe to say he feels right at home. 
I'd say /r/whatswrongwithyourdog but there is absolutely nothing wrong with this dog. Enjoy his company, he looks like a sweet mush.
I get the same way when i put on clean sheets
He's rolling in your scent.
This is me after a camping trip. 
He is marking his scent. This is now his bed. Congratulations, a doggo has just adopted you. You are now a servant to a cute pupper.
I am pound of you for adopting this sweet boy.   But you let him sleep on your bed day 1 and not trying to teach him his spot?
First of all— congrats on finding each other! Looks like a perfect match. My girl spent a year in a crate. When I brought her home, she just slept with her long legs stretched out and it made my heart so happy. That was 6.5 years ago- best years of my life. Wishing you the same. 
I'm sure it's already been said but just to reiterate, man, we do not deserve dogs.
He just called dibs on every inch of that bed. And you better give it to him!!
MRW I’ve been in jail and get home. 
Anything mixed with pit flops around like a land seal


You ever see a dog roll around in something nasty?  He is bringing that scent back to you so you can enjoy it.

In this case, he was probably running around in your scent so that everyone else knows that he is part of your pack.
I’ve had my rescue for like a year, and he still does that every single time he gets on the couch after being outside, like he thinks during every walk that he’s gonna go back to living on the street. It seems unlikely that he actually remembers his life a year ago since I read that dogs don’t have great or human-style memory, and it’s not like he doesn’t want to go for a walk, but damn is he happy to be back on the soft couch afterward. 
Just so you know, that’s not your bed anymore. That’s his but I bet he’ll let you sleep there too! 
Be prepared to learn to sleep on 1/8th of your bed if he ends up like mine.  Apparently it is only comfortable for digs to sleep sideways instead of end to end in bed.
My allergies are acting up just looking that this.
Out of curiosity , doesn’t his butt hole leave traces of poo in there ?
/r/whatswrongwithyourdog
This is cute and all, but as soon as that wears off you'll realize you made a huge mistake letting them on the bed like that. I've owned many pets and my family has always owned dogs. My grandma would let her dogs on the bed and it got really gross. They'd lick their assholes and since they're lying down, their tongues would also rub against the sheets and spread saliva-ass all over. The hair gets everywhere and don't even get me started on the farts. Also good luck trying to find room/staying asleep with a dog jumping in and out of bed and readjusting all night.
These kind of videos make me sad because I think all of the dogs in shelters waiting for a moment like this that never get them.
I wouldn't really be comfortable having a dog from the pound rub itself all over my sheets and mattress...
I misread it as a pond and expected a giant fish in the bed. Please don't ask why.
Aren’t doggos the best thing ever?
Your bed is stinky now. Cute dog, though.
Congrats on the adorable pupper. Now you'll have to buy a bed for yourself. That one's his now.
Ive stayed in a few high quality hotels in my life. I react the same way.
Do you want fleas, cos that's how you get fleas
Crazy eyes! 😍
I should propably get my dog a bed and blanket like that...
Our dog does this but also on carpets... Guess he has lower standards.
u/vreddit_bot
This is so heartwarming, I’m gonna cry
Dawwww, such a happyboye!  Hope you give him lots of love and let him steal your covers every night!
The feeling of comming home
"aaand this parts mine, annnd this part is mine!"
I think it's more about getting your scent onto him.  He likes you!
We adopted our 2 year old Chihuahua in August from a rescue group in Washington state that got her from a shelter in southern California that euthanizes for space. It's rare to find a shelter in Canada that euthanizes for space so I'm so glad the group in Washington state saved her. She's a wonderful little girl! Rarely barks (only to protect the house when someone walks by or rings the doorbell which we ate totallyokay qith), totally housebroken, is great with our 11 year old cat (they are fast becoming besties), is shy at first with new people until you sit on the couch so that she can come to you and loves to play with toys as big as she is!

We moved from the Vancouver, BC area to Winnipeg, Manitoba in October. Turns out my SoCal girl loves snow (way more than rain that's for sure). Even at -20°C she still wants to go for a walk although I'm not wanting to! We spoil her rotten so she has parkas, sweaters (knit by me) etc but she won't wear her boots! Her favourite place to sleep is under the covers snuggled up to me or in her dog bed in my office if I'm working in there! When I tell her it's bedtime she is in the bed before I'm even in the room! Lol 

Adoption is the best way. BC had a shortage of adoptable dogs because the BCSPCA has done such a great job there so we adopted from the US. Now if we could just get other areas to stop over-breeding and/or treating certain breeds like throwaways once the novelty wears off. 🤨
I was homeless (sleeping on couches -- not down and out) for a few months once and did the exact same thing when I finally got a place and put a bed in it. I feel this dude.
Warm feelings to my heart. This shit brings.
My pit mix spent 6 months of her 1 year life in pupper prison. She loves us so much and loves the bed. 
You are excellent human to doggo. Doggo loves bed. 
Gonna need some eyebleach here, stat!
Aaaand now you have worms
Oh how sweet and just absolute bliss 💕 thank you for taking an animal from a pound - it’s a horrible place and I am too selfish to volunteer at a place where animals have a time limit. I volunteer but only at no kill shelter but am always heartbroken when I see pictures of dogs and cats being led to their death. 
I am so happy for you and thank you again for saving this baby, he deserves everything 💗
R/gifsthatkeepongiving
So cut. Salute man who allow cute in bed.
Why am I notified, I’m not even subscribed to this sub
OMG this is so heartbreaking! :)
does anyone know why pounds have so many stray animals like where the fuck are these animals coming from, just people abandoning them or what.
What an absolute sweetheart! I’m so happy you have this super boy as a forever friend as he has you as a forever home! What a win-win! Give him a big ol’ scritch for me :)
He'll roll in shit exactly the same way.
This makes me cry...I'm so happy for him but I hurt for what he has been through and what the others are going through 😭😭😭
I think he's getting your scent on him as he knows he's yours forever.  Also, that's his bed now and you'll get to share a small and tiny portion of it.
Can confirm. Pit Bulls are vicious killing machines of well made beds.  Can't make a bed anymore :(
Aww happy doggo!! That's awesome! Congratulations of your new best friend and furbaby!! 
I had never had pets other than Guinea pigs before... Now my partner and I have two cats and we love them so much!! Never thought I could care about an animal so completely before. Best thing in the world!! <3
Congrats he is so cute!!
must've been a child in the bed at one point and the pitbull is excited to attack the child when it finds it
Your dog owns that bed now. 
“YOU’RE MY DAD AND THIS IS OUR BED AND IT’LL BE LIKE THIS FUREVERRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!”
Who lets their dog roll around in their bed? What happened to training it?
I can feel the happiness but it makes me so sad. Another 5 months until my dog gets to come home!
You will never get him out of that bed!
That. Is a present all unto itself.
"ITS LIKE A CLOUD!"
That is awesome!
Ohhhh bed. This is so relatable
I wish I wasn't allergic to dogs... I'd have one for sure. I just have to enjoy them through other people 
That is one happy dog!  You did good.
That's me on the weekendd
Me too, little buddy. Me too.
Awwwwww. What's pound? 
Well... I guess you have to find yourself another bed because that's clearly his now. 
Just wondering, why two months?
So adorable, what a good boi 🐶🐕
Alex?
What an angel.
I absolutely love how long this video is. Makes my heart happy
I got really high on shrooms last year and all i remember is rolling around in my sheets and bedding feeling all the soft feels for hours, it makes more sense now.
Things are looking up!
Me every single day! And he’s so cuteee!!!~
My pound pup still does this 🤣
Awwww, such a sweetie pie! Thank you for giving him a forever home. :D
Where's the dog?
Awesome and congrats! Really cool! 
r/Takeanap
Ahhh yes. The “Happy Roll” - from the Sumeric “Hapus Rolio” meaning ‘Fuck Yeaaaah’

I love it when dogs do this. 
This is awesome. The pure delight and comfort he is experiencing is clear to see. Good for you guys on adopting and may you have many years of happiness together.
I think he is trying to get covered in your scent or maybe commingling both of your scents on the bed.  
This is the best video
This might be one of the most obnoxiously adorable things I’ve ever seen.
more people should be getting dogs from the pound. GOOD ON YOU. hes looks amazing!
It looks like you have a dog tornado forming on your bed. The super cell is picking up speed and spare blankets and pillows!! 
Me when I realize it's the weekend and I know I can get comfortable and sleep for 4 more hours.
Tired, just got in bed and read the title as: _I just got my boyfriend from the pound_... At the same time the video started playing and I thought it was a dude wiggling around...

 
also u just gave him a bath and hes trying to rub off the smell of soap on him. most dogs do this after a bath.
That is pure happiness right there
Same
OMG my dog does the same thing !! But faster lol, feels like she just wants a smell out of her nose
You better go back and get him repaired his sit/stay switch seems to be broken

Good doggo 
Me, after a whole week of busy work. 👌👌
Is he trying to covering himself if your smell to become one of the pack?
This is Good

awsome
your dawg has a dong
It’s cause your sheets skint bro
That’s one happy pup. I adopted my best friend 5 years ago and she did the same thing about a week after adopting when she realized she was truly home. I’m so happy for all of you!!!!!!
Oh my god he’s soooo cute!!!
How I feel every time I get into bed. 
I think one of the most satisfying things is scrolling reddit and seeing a video that makes you go “awwww” and then you check the sub and it’s /awww. Like job well done 
That dog will love you forever, that's for sure. Beautiful sight to see. 
I misinterpreted the title, thinking that you had put your dog in the pound for two months.

Congratulations on your new friend! 
Nirvana
Such a happy face at the end. 
Ma boah
Keep taking care of that good boy, and he will take care of you!!
Looks like a Red Nose Pit x (Rotty x ?) ???

I have a full blooded Red and they are *characters*.  I can see a lot of him here, just the way they act.  Wonderful dogs, quite stubborn but easy to please.
/r/gifsthatkeepongiving
Omg this is pure joy
Dawwh what a good boy!!
This is precious :') Thank you for picking that pup and making him so happy! 
So... Who's going to tell him that this isn't his bed?
You've made a boy very happy. I can't wait to get my rescue. 
Good on you!
please come here and say it
It's his bed now...human sleeps on the floor 
How my fiance sleeps.
That's also me on the weekend!
Did you already have him and he spent the last two months there? Or did you just adopt him?
My feels...too much joy!  😁
He wants to get his scent in there nice and deep

I give it 10/10 pets
jajaja
That is too cute. 
Me when I get home to my bed after a long vacation 
What a good boy.  More people should really rescue dogs instead of paying ridiculous prices for pure breds
The very end! He’s just like, “oh hey...this your bed?” I love it!! Thanks for adopting and not shopping!!
I treat my two rescues the same way. I tried to crate train both of them. It took seeing this video to finally realize why it didn't work.
I want to just have a giant projection of this playing in my room at all times. Nothing makes me happier.
Yea that’s his bed now
That's a happy doggo and you are a good person for giving him a furever home!
I’m so glad I woke up early this morning because now I got to see this as the second thing on my feed so worth it and I’m so happy 😀 
I hope you gave him a bath!
Where was he before the 2 months?
Sure, when a dog does it, it’s incredibly happy and adorable. When I do it, it’s weird and embarrassing him in front of his friends...
/u/stabbot 
So happy for him ❤️
So happy too! Good on you :-)
Thanks for adopting!!!!
I wish I could adopt a rescue dog.  
I would too. No surface is ever as good as a soft and warm bed 
This is one adorable pit.
My pit rescue did the same thing! She still LIVES for soft blankets. 
Thank you! This makes me so happy!
Thank you for adopting!!
Bless you for rescuing. 
I can’t wait until I’m able to get a dog to call my own.  Thank you for adopting!
/r/WhatsWrongWithYourDog
Bless you for rescuing.  I've got 5 second or third-hand dogs.  
He like the soft 
It's delightful to see. Best wishes to the both of you.
Lmao this is what I do on beds
This is also my reaction to feeling a bed usually.
You sure he doesnt just have an ear infection? My dog does this all the time, have to give him ear drops on the regular.
Props to you for allowing him on the bed.  I hope you two have a great life together!
Thats fantastic. Best of luck for a long happy life together!

&#x200B;
My username harks back to 2 editions of a single-frame comic from “VIZ” magazine. The comic was called “rude kid”.  If inane toilet humour is your thing, then I thoroughly recommend you seek out a copy of Viz.  Such cerebral comics lie therein as: Buster Gonad and his unfeasably large testicles, the Fat Slags, Sid the Sexist, Johnny Fartpants, and many many more.  I found Viz in the late ‘80s. It is still published and has a website. viz.co.uk  if I remember correctly. Go get some!
He looks something like my ol pup. So cute! If he shows any intelligence or skills use them in play. Get a [Kong](https://www.chewy.com/kong-extreme-dog-toy-large/dp/38493?utm_source=google-product&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=hg&utm_content=KONG&utm_term=&gclid=Cj0KCQiAsJfhBRCaARIsAO68ZM6A6bVUzTRJMsUHk_vgkDApB2CrqTlg5HzntwcMh4_8oeQZE0i4fy4aAoBfEALw_wcB) if  he is a chewer, the pet store may not want to sell you this. 1 is all we never needed. Deer antler that was "going to last a month minimum" lasted 5 days. I make the Kong interesting by putting hard foods in it and she solves how to empty.
Much happiness for you and you pupper :)
Beautiful! I hope you know he’s gonna love you 10x as much as he loves that bed. Enjoy! ❤️❤️
This made my whole week. Good job! 
"is this Egyptian cotton?!"
Thats a thing of beauty.

After just coming from that ‘last white rhino’ sub I needed to see that. 

👍🇦🇺
Adorable, thanks for making my morning! How old is he?
The ecstatic, happy, comfortable, content, JOYFUL look in his eyes at the very end, was so wonderful!  You made my day by posting this, thank you!  Adopt one, until there are none! Thanks for taking a chance on a really good boy! 
What a Happy dog 👍
That is an awesome video. Every dog deserves a nice warm comfy bed
cute
Aww
looks like my dog after i put fresh sheets on the bed. EVERY. DAMN. TIME. 
This is great!
Kiss!
Wow, this is like a bigger, boy version of my girl. Same colors, even the same patterns, and same behavior. She loves the bed and loves diving into the covers and twisting herself up in them.

The general rule of thumb is that if I'm perfectly comfortable she doesn't have something she wants. If she's perfectly comfortable I have no covers and/or only 15% of the bed available to lay on. 
I’ve got the same bed sheets vro 
He's really feeling it alright..!!!
Hollie did similar- slept in one ever since
To me it loks like he is trying to get rid of the collar
Hate to burst your bubble. Nothing to do with the bed. It's the bull terrier and nesting syndrome that we've named it. They love blankets haha.
Poor thing must’ve felt miserable. What a good boye.
Marking his territory by rubbing all over it 

He loves you already
He is getting ready to ask you if you want to do karate in the garage. 
This video made my day, thanks OP :)

Can’t wait to go home to my girl and give her lots of kisses and hugs.
https://imgflip.com/i/2px10z
What a little ham! I'm so glad you adopted him.
The two dogs we have adopted did that for days. They just basically have to sleep peacefully for a few days After getting out of the shelter. I guess because they can't sleep well surrounded by other barking dogs on concrete:( so glad he's happy!
He will love you forever 
He owns you now lol
That bed is no longer YOUR bed. Its HIS!

Did you see on the bed? because my Boston did this whenever she found rabbit pee 😂

Also this is fucking adorable and thank you for taking this pupper in.
Aw he will steal your heart
That's basically my reaction to going to bed every night too
What a sweet bully! 😍
'Scuse me while I rub my smell aalll over...shew, I'm tired! 
He will love you forever <3
I have a dog!
this just makes me so happy :) 
I like how he nods at you like yes, you, I love you!!
This dog cannot believe how lucky he is.  That right there is a friend for life.
This is my new go to feel good video!!
I love this video! He is adorable. I also love hearing all of your stories about your dogs & cats💓.  Reaffirms how awesome it is to have this kind of unconditional love.  I have a rescue dog, Rocco. 20/10 would do it all over again. He’s the best.
This is also how I would react in the circumstances.
Congratulations for saving a life and getting a best friend for life !
Poor dog was at the pound, they had him sleeping on the floor like an animal.. 
That lip smack at the end though...
I know this routine. The end says. Okay, good spot, I'll sit. 
love this!! I usually cant find my dog because she is under the blankets. lol
I do that when I’ve been away for a while too.
He looked  really happy, best gift! finally he got his forever family 🤗😘
That’s his bed now. Not yours. 
Precious love
This makes me want to buy a farm just to adopt as many dogs and cats as I can. 
We have 4 dogs, he is trying to rub his stink on the bed.  If you have a backyard hope he never finds something dead in the backyard.  He will rub his self all over it and then head straight for your bed.  Enjoy.
I'm tearing up watching him.  It's impossible to quantify how grateful a rescue dog is.  He knows that you SAVED him.  Congratulations on your new addition!  Have fun on your wonderful adventures together!
This is me when I wake up on the weekend
Stoooooop!! Omg I’m crying now. This is one of the sweetest videos I’ve seen. 
OMG, he looks so happy! Always keep him that way :)
Our dogs do a variation on this ritual most every day. Not all at the same time, but at some point during the day, each one of them will get up on the bed and flop and roll around in some manner. Two of them bark occasionally during the ritual, the third just groans. All hail the mighty bed.  
A different kind of zoomie?
Awwww❤️❤️❤️My forever home he says 😊👏👏👏
Good boy
Don’t mind me. Just pregnant and crying. Time to adopt all the dogs.
Damn, it only let's me upvote once. 
Leave me in the pound for 2 months did 'ja. Let me rub some fleas off for 'ya.
Thank you for this 🧡
I love him. He is a good boooooooooi 😍 
Awesome, man. He looks truly happy.
That is incredibly sweet 🥰
He’s playing Nightcrawlers
Dis mine nao!
Absolutely adorable OP. My dog does the exact same thing if I wake him up in the middle of the night, rolls on absolutely everything and throws his back legs everywhere lol.
Sweet boy <3 Him the goodest boy
Too cute. Also, dont forget your towel. 
This is soooo sweet ❤️
Made my day.  Keep on puppin 
Clearly, he's discovered his natural habitat.
That is a bundle of energy.  I hope you can take him for walks or he's gonna be a handful.
I absolutely love the pause to reboot at the end. What a wonderful dog!
The only video I need to see all day. Congrats on the new member of the family!
Shed shed shed shed shed shed SMELL LIKE MEEEEE soft warm thing!
Did you lose him then find him or is he a new member of the family?
I can understand his feelings: beds are inherently cool.
Is that a chalk board?
Kind of makes your think where he was staying before the shelter.
Oh my gooooooooosh. I needed this today ❤️❤️❤️
My dog does this after every bath.    Congrats on the new family member. 
This is a great start to my day, thank you.
The goodest boi, I love him so much
He's so good!!!!
You’re good people 
My dog does this every day, but it's more like "using the rug as a napkin after dinner." And this is why we shop at Ikea.
My dog does this when we are about to leave dog park
What's his name? He's adorable 😍
That’s exactly how I look getting back to my own bed after a vacation.  
His happiness makes me happy. Glad you two found each other.
They don't have beds in shelters?? :'(
The sweetest thing ever, thank you for rescuing! Also looks so much like rescue pup!
Im not crying!
Awesome
His bed now
Get ready to be pushed out of your bed every night for "needed space" and you are never getting him out of there ever again. Hahaha. Congrats on your pooch! Pitties are the best.
bUt piTbULLs aRe dAnGEroUs. Please this little pup looks like he has a heart more caring that most people 
There really is nothing like home 
Hes so cuteeee
Comfy doge
It's just trying to get the collar off.
He is a beautiful dog. I’m happy and thankful for both of you. You saved him or he saved you, regardless never forget that and also love for him ❤️. You’ll do great. Happy New Years. 
Let's all snuggle!
Good boy!
This video made my day. 
We got my cat from a rescue place, he didn’t sit still for 48 hours haha
What a happy pup! He’s so cute and it’s so good to see his joyful reaction to being HOME!
At my house, we call that the sheet shark game.
Wheres the sound?
In our Family we call this ritual “Happy Pup!” Look he’s doing “Happy pup”. Our doggo will do it on command. Love it! 
Dogs are just furry humans with no filter or fucks.
Sweetest thing ever! I love the eyes away the end. Lol. I wish all people would adopt,  rather than shop for a pet.
Pittys are such goofs, be ready for more derptastic events.
Our dog (who was dumped at a sanctuary) does this whenever he comes back inside from doing his business.  My fiancee plays a game called "where's the puppy" where she yells that and he pops his head out from the blankets for a second before continuing to roll around and grumble.
My dog used to roll around like that on the desiccated carcasses of animals in the desert. He would then get up and want lots of pets. I'm assuming your bed smells like dead animals because of the dead skin that sloughs off you and he wants the smell on him. Enjoy.
I see you've got a bed tornado. I hope having a made bed isn't important for you. I have 2 tornadoes and they seem to wait for me to make the bed every day. 


My pitbull does this, he's a nervous rescue from Mexico. He loves being under the blanket and getting lost, and then eventually emerges with a tightly-wound blanket around his body and then sleeps. He makes his own little emerges with a tightly-wound blanket around his body and then sleeps. He makes his own little Thunder shirt. When he's playful, I like to play peek-a-boo and he tries to find me.
🥰🥰
He is saturating himself in your scent! Dog love!
Oof he’s such a derp! 14/10 
I love this pup
He’s looking at you all, “oooh what’s the thread count on these?!! They’re so soooooooffffft!” 
This guy is going to be a great snuggle-bunny! Have a very cozy winter together. Congrats!
"Lemme just rub my face ALL OVER your bed, just because I love you so, so much!" <3 

congrats on your rescue baby!
Wow that is so awesome!!! What a sweet happy boy. I’m glad you found each other 
My dog does this all the time too lol. Good lookin pup, know his mix? 
Who's a good boy? You are, redditor! 
I love this. Thank you for rescuing. What a happy pupper!
Thank you OP. This made my day, and you are a very good person. :-)
You should be ashamed of yourself. All that cuteness and not one belly rub....... Just disgusting!!!!!!! JK, I hope you and your dog have the best life together! There is no love like a dogs love. 
I feel just like this when I put fresh sheets on the bed!
Im a cat person but this is cute
SWEET RAPTURE
Gotta find that sweet spot.
thank you for saving him! What an adorable show of joy and love. Thanks for sharing.
You’ll always be his hero, enjoy your life with your new good boi!
This makes my heart happy! 😍
“The things we take for granted”

Things I wish my spoiled ass dog would say when I try to show her these videos 
He is rubbing his scent on the bed to claim it. 
Amazing, congrats! Two years ago I brought my beagle home from the pound where he'd been for ~5 months getting his hair grown back. First thing he did was run around, then fold up his bed and start humping it haha Never has since so we think he was just super excited :)
OH wow this made my day, thank you! The part at the end made me laugh when he just stops and gives you the side eye 😂
"FREEDOM! **FREEEEEEEDOM!!!"**

Shelters are such a hellscape for dogs. They're about as far from a dog's natural environment as you can get.
Such a happy boy.
OMG this is so sweet and I could watch this all.day.long...
I think having this on loop in the background could cure depression. SCIENTISTS. DO YO THING.
That fellow is gonna fall in love with ya pretty quick at this rate sir. Thanks for grabbing him up.
Also, it's a sign he really loves you because he is adorning his fur in your smell! 💝
What a sweet pup!  Made my day.
This is so precious
"Dis is mine" -Dog, probably.
Thats his bed now
He's got a lot of comfy bed to catch up on! Thank you for adopting, OP. It makes such a huge impact, especially on their beautiful lives. ;w;
I saw in another post so maybe it will work here: check his/her anal glands
To anyone who down  votes this fuck you
Welp, it's his now. You don't mind sleeping on the couch, do you? 
My dog (also a rescue but we got him as a puppy) rolls like this every time he eats anything. We call them “happy rolls”. Give him one mini Oreo, he’ll roll around on the floor in pure happiness for a minute. Give him one chip, same. Give him his regular dog food, same. It’s so wholesome how easy it is to make him that happy.
The ending got me dying lollll 
Make sure he doesn't have fleas before you let him all over ...
My dog is from the pound, over a year later, same reaction.
Good pibble
"Dis is doggo's now."
You let them keep him impounded for two months!? Tsk tsk!
You picked the greedy dog!  He's taking all the cold spots!! Hide the pillows!! 
You have so many laughs and cuddles in your future 🥰
Why was he in the pound for two months?
I imagine him thinking, "oh boy, oh boy, oh boy! This is real bed! It's so soft!" Make sure to give him lots of love and treats ❤️❤️❤️
Pit-lab? He looks like my pit-lab. Really good dogs makes me sad how many people misunderstand pits
Thanks for saving me human. ‘‘Tis my bed now. 😉
Happy boy!  This will become a regular thing, so much squish.
That's how I get into bed too.
Did you adopt him or was he stuck there due to getting lost and racking up fees? 
Such happy! Make heart grow. Much big.😍
Absolutely awesome - one happy pup has found a good home!
It’s so sweet how he keeps taking peeks at Op to make sure it’s ok that he’s on the bed!
Very cute, but oh man... All the dog hair that'll have to be removed from the sheets. 
Was he in a no-kill shelter?  Seems like a long time to “be” (read: ‘continue BEing’) in the pound. 
Such a good boy!
I don't see the big deal. I do this every night after work 
r/meirl
Turns out he just had fleas.. 
I think he’s saying “I hit the jackpot!!!”  Love this!  Everyone ends up happy!
Aaaawww, he's so cute congrats :3
So very heartwarming! Enjoy that good boy!
“And this over here is your crate”

“HAHAHAHAHAHA no”
You are this dogs hero ❤️❤️❤️
Feel good video of the year!! TY OP!!

When my dog gets close to my car, she smells the tires to see where I've been. 
Thank you for this blessing
Good thing he didn't spend too long on the inside, eventually becoming so adjusted that that's all that makes sense to him anymore
He already loves you so much!! It was certainly meant to be...
when I got my girl from the pond she was very nervous and shy. She sniffed around our apartment. Always tiptoeing, suddenly stopping quickly looking around. She seemed so insecure and scared. She walked around, quite restless for a while until finally finding the bathroom. She immediately entered that room (very unlike she entered the other rooms) walking straight to the center, sitting down and looking out the door at us, just as if to say: "O.K. guys, found it, you can close my kennel now" ... it was heartbreaking, she was still quite young, but it seemed like tiled lonely cells was all she ever knew until then.
I love it so much
bUt piTbULLs aRe dAnGEroUs. Please this little pup looks like he has a heart more caring that most people 
So glad he's got a forever home now.  He is the bestest boi.  May 2019 be a year of long walks/hikes, tennis balls, treats, learning tricks and cuddles for days.  Thank you for taking a chance on a pound puppler.  Peace.
What breed is it? Good looking mutt!
Dogs in human beds are disgusting
Lol I let out a burst of laughter when he just finally decided he had enough of going spastic and just plopped down and finally looks at you like "yeah what"
So. Many. Comfy. Positions. Which one do I use first!?
Oh my gosh he’s so happy! Made my day!
Dog: “must get comfortable..why is everything soft”?”
Yeah and i was finally rescued, i love hoomans
Oh Mah Goodness :D
Thank you for all of this.  Just woke up for work, opened reddit, and clicked on this.  My first smile of the day. 
Aww, so cute!
What a goofball. Awww adorable!
Thank you. I needed this today. Happy adoption. 
Good boy u deserve it!
I want to adopt a dog, but my landlord will not allow it. All tile floors, sadlyfe.
I would come and hug this little buddy immediately :)
I like the little sideways look at the end like "Oh shit, did they see that?" 
I don't think so. I think it's a lazy bastard who doesn't want to go work
You really seem to know where your towel is. 
Such a beautiful moment forever ruined by being immortalized vertically. 
So sweet. What a happy soul. Bless it!
I seriously hope this is how he wakes you up each and every morning.

edit: words.
This is wonderful! Totally bawling my eyes out, right now! Such a lucky, adorable doggo! You're a good human💙 
You know this dog's gonna be mad loyal
 Videos like these wants me to adopt a 1-3yr old pound dog for my 11 year huge husky to tame him in being a good boy before he goes to “Vahala”  I’m just not sure if I’m discipline enough>_< to be a caretaker of two boys in one house. Should I search for a specific breed? 
I think he is marking his territory. Good boy.
Every time I see a pup in such joy, I lean more on wanting to adopt one.  
Alas my schedule prevents me from that :(
[deleted]
He is so cute 😍
Bless you and your boy!!!!!! 
Omg I’m obsessed 😭😭😭
Google the two week shut down.

Actually cried watching this.  I am so grateful for my two rescue girls.
Love !!!!!!
u/The_Dowager
"I never knew there was this much soft in the whole galaxy"
That's a lovely feeling. I do the same everyday after work!
is that chalkboard paint on your wall
Do you know what breed it is? He looks a lot like my female plott hound 
His bed now.
Lol the bed belongs to him now ... move on over😂😂😂
I can hear him scream OH BOYYY a million times
[removed]
The last three seconds of this, where his eyes are darting back and forth like "Have you watched me do this, ok you have... hi!"  Dear god, priceless.
These NEVER get old.  Thanks for the rescue and for sharing!!!
Aaaannd someone is cutting onions in my home 
He found a home!
I...  I love him so much.. 
So sweet, so pure.
From concrete and chainlink fence to bed cuddles
Happy doggo
we need sound
I love dogs man I love dogs so fucking much
[deleted]
Gud boi does a heckin snuggle. 13/10 would pet and cuddle. 
[removed]
Lolo
Too pure for this world!!!😍😍😭😭❤️❤️🐶🐶

Edit: Yes I get it down voters.. Too many emojis for Reddit.. Too much basic bitch talk.. Sometimes I forget to be jaded and emotionless on here.. I’ll work on it.. 
😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
R/animalsbeingderps
Hope for swift recovery
Hope for swift recovery
Aww he’s so happy finally free to bite some small children 
Life is good for this darling 😊 So beautiful ❤️
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Could you not make me cry? That would be great. 
 
Thanks 
 
Why did I get get downvoted? 
I will kill myself right now that’s so cute fuck
[removed]
