Tiger has a full belly . Must have just ate something.

&#x200B;
Cat left brain: Is this a box?  

Cat right brain: We can make it work.
Imagine walking by a puddle and seeing a tiger's had just above the surface
[deleted]
The last few seconds he went full airplane mode
I was expecting bubbles, "relaxing".
The temperature surely
Why are tigers such sick water pimps but my cat freaks out if he even sees a glass of water. 
If it wasn't for the fact it would see me as food, I'd love to own a tiger.

Bills for food would be horrendous though.
Dip ma toe to jacuzzi bebe.
That look at the end.. "Is that.. Is that a fucking camera?! What kind of pervert puts a camera in the bathroom?!"
That video made me feel like a peeping Tom! 
I think he left out a huge fart in the last frame. 
“Is this bottomless or can I...ope I feel the bottom all clear”
I like that he looks nothing like Shere Khan. 
It’s crazy how tigers and lions are just big ass kittens.
Tiger Spa Day.

&#x200B;
Random fact: tigers like to shit in the water. There are many photos of tigers in water that are really just tigers taking a dump. 

I worked as a zookeeper and had another keeper tell me about this as we watched her tigers enter the water and proceed to crap in front of a whole hoard of amazed people. 
I like how a whole ass tiger can willingly lower itself into a bath, but if my house cat gets even a drop of moisture onto its body it turns into a fucking demon.
[deleted]
When you want to swim but you just got your hair did!
r/justlikeus 
That water looks way too stagnant to drink 
He's probably defecating ... tigers do their business in water. Just look at his face, I mean he totally looks "relieved and relaxed."
If Sher Khan was this smart he had been alive
Top 10 anime hot springs episodes
My dog does this in the lake. No swim. Only sit. *shuts eyes*
Thanks so much for this. I've been looking for this clip for... 2+ decades? And here it is. I remember watching this one night in like 1992? 

Commenting here, mostly to remember to rewatch and find source.
I just wanna chill with this kitty lol 
It seems like tigers might be one of the few creatures in the wild that can fully and totally relax, 'cause only humans will fuck with 'em.
Me when I am checking how hot the water is in the bath so I don't burn myself.
[last scene]
“Wait did I turn the gas oooooooooooff—YES I did”
I imagine walking through the jungle.  There could be 400 pounds of baddassery quietly submerged near you... waiting.  
Me getting in cold water
Filmed: me getting into a pool/the water at a beach
I'm disappointed he didn't use his tail.
On that last frame when he hears something and his ears move back and his eyes look up... you know that thing that made the sound is dead now...
Beautiful animal.
Oh man, the slow look up is the best.
One big murder kitty. 🐱 
When you don't want to get your hair wet
Looks like my mom getting in the pool.  
Title might be misleading. Tigers enter water backwards to avoid getting water in their eyes and on their faces.
Every time I see a tiger posted on aww I wanna snuggle it, too bad it’d prob eat me
Reminds of Looney Tunes when the character would test the water before getting all the way in. 

“Oh!  Ah!  Ah!  Eee!  Ahhhhhhh...”
I feel almost dirty watching this Tiger enjoy a soak. As if this were a hidden camera and I was watching my neighbor Leroy have a bath. Horrified, and yet oddly fascinated.
God, I love tigers.
Can you imagine just walking through the woods, finding a refreshing looking, nice little pond to take a relaxing swim in.

You slowly get in, float around for a minute, open your eyes and then notice, right in front of you, is the floating head of a tiger eyeing you up.

Then suddenly, a bunch of air bubbles comes to the surface of the water. The tiger looks at you in disgust and just swims away. 
That last glance up. "Wait, is there a dogfight overhead?"
It's like me getting in a hot bath
It looks like he noticed the Camera at the end 😳 
Just a cat bath. 
This boy is comfort able !!
Think about accidentally walking up on that
My understanding is that while tigers like water, they hate having their faces wet and therefore, usually enter water rear first.
Is the tiger making poopsie
Those eyes at the end are due to the tiger hearing those that had set up the trail cam returning.
Like an old man easing himself into a nice, warm bath.
omg i love tigers so much
This is how I ease myself into a hot bath or a cold swimming pool 
You don't evolve into the King of the jungle without learning caution. . . 
What a cute dog
Me getting into a hot bath.
What is up with Reddit videos, they basically don't work, can people not just post youtube links?
I was hoping the tiger would use its tail😞😞
I have dwarfism so I have to climb down backwards off of stuff regularly.  My ex used to make fun of how I never trusted anything and would check over and over again before hopping down.
Temperature  ✔

Depth  ✔

Drinking quality  ✔
Even murder machines need a spa day.
That Tiger is thicc
Lol his toe dip 😍
"Now how deep is- oh okay it's pretty shallow"
That thing looks so mean, most bug cats are kind of cute but tigers always have this rip your face off look, and lions.  The rest have a look to them like they could be friendly
How incredibly adorable ☺️
Come on in. The water is grrrrrreeeat.
Tiger tub 
I’d love to curl up next to him in the water! 😊
r/likeus with that nervous lowering in.
Imagine walking past this. Just see a little body of water, and then boom, a full ass tiger is in there chillin.
Things so deadly shouldn't be allowed to be that cute.
Interesting that a wild cat likes water more than domestic cats do
This is seriously me trying a hot bath. The face after its submerged is perfect.


 *someone knocks* "I'm taking a bath!"
Smart cat.
My kitten does this but in the sink
[deleted]
The tiger in the film is a well-documented male tiger called "Charger" who lived in Bandhavgarh tiger reserve and was 17 years old when he died in 2000, one of the longest lived tigers in the wild.
That tiger has mastered self-care in a way humans wished was possibly without consequences
C H O N K
When he's relaxing he's just like
"Human?! There was a camera here?"
why does the water look so gross
Because you used v.reddit I can't conveniently send this to my cat-loving girlfriend :/
Sadly, these beautiful beasts may be gone within the next 5-10 years because or outrageous oriental medicines and fashion.
When animals assess a situation like this, they are literally thinking. But in what? They aren't thinking 'I need to check the depth/temperature'. But that's what's going on in their head, in their own language/understanding...what does it sound like?!?! Rar?
Looks like my fat aunt getting in the pool 
r/likeus 
Incredibly beautiful 
Every time I get into a hot tub
At the end he realizes he left the oven on. 
I can here him mumbling some song as he tests the water, ba-da bump pa, tiddle lee dee...ahhhh that's nice. 
Checking the depth before going in is a date method everyone should know.
0:14, me in the tub after work. 
He’s gets in the tub like me #ActOldNotOld
Man, it’s weird watching wild animals do things other than hunting.
Most probably he must have learnt it the hard way
Me before I trust someone 
My man is chillin in the hot-spot 

He got a hot date so is time for his yearly bath.
Me when I think the water is too hot 
In the end, that look...he just pee’d. 
Not dumb
Seen that documentary. It was informative. 
This is so old I saw it on TV like fifteen years ago.
Sploosh
This is awesome
Me in the bath
The Big Bool
Cautious kitty 
I love this so much
Aww, cute murder kitty
This is a natural hot spring. And when he becomes alert at the end of the gif, it's because he heard people nearby--the people who placed the camera. When they reached the spring they didn't know that a tiger had just been there. 
He’s so pretty! Nature really is amazing. 
One smart motherfucker
r/LikeUs 
Lol so cute, i love this 
He’s like, ‘Noice... mmm well where’s my beer? Mmmmmm’
Incredible how they get these angles. 
Comfy kitty.
Ir labs
If I fits I sits 
His eyes go big at the end because he farted. 
Good read for Tiger lovers, they are fascinating and sadly so endangered:

[The Tiger](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/7624594-the-tiger): A True Story of Vengeance and Survival by John Vaillant

I think it’s going to be a movie soon.
I can see Mike Tyson hopping in there
Nice kitty!
Btw I also like the way his right leg spreading upward like a man chilling .. the only difference is, the absence of beer in there. That’s also how he remembers, with those eyes looking up towards the end. Poor big catman. 
I love that he’s super chill, then clocks the camera and his eyes widen in sudden realisation he’s been filmed this whole time. 
At the end I think he noticed the camera.

"oh man this is soooo relaxing. I'm gonna have to come ba..... The fuck is that? Am I being filmed!?" 
r/hardcoreaww
That's exactly how I get in a pool.
Lion king 1 1/2 based on a real story then
,
its a cat so it was definitely more concerned about the temperature
My daughter does this going down stairs.  She must be a tiger.
Secret clear!
Always wanted a pet tiger. However, 100% of people with pet tigers get mauled to death. Then I see a video like this and I just really want one.
Those eyes going wide at the end... Run.
This is the most beautiful thing I've ever seen!
I was expecting a few bubbles to pop up at the end. 
Funny how big cats are still cats. Cats are gonna cat yo. 
So there we were, hiking all day. Tired. Weary. The map said a beautiful, tranquil spring was just around the corner ...
Beautiful!
The forbidden kitty 
Go Tigers!! Beat ND!!
r/hardcoreaww
This is so cute. 
smart boi
Tigers terrify me.
me @ 2019 
Rough day at the jungle office.
me getting into a hot tub
Bath time 🙂
That's how I get into the pool! This post is soooo relatable....
Let's get out of here while it's soaking!

Laughed when it was just his head, then again when the eyes widen. Hollywood sign this mf up!
So cute. I love this. Pure serenity.  My favorite big cats! 
Tiger in captivity I presume? :(
That expression the tiger made when he sits in the water to relax is legit me every time I get in the shower and the water temperature is just right <3
Hey that's good

Actually he was just easing his balls into the water
Lol I didn’t think animals relaxed in water like that. That’s cool 
Please please please stop killing tigers 😩
Coolest video I've seen. 
He protec
He attack
But he also 
Like to relacc
bwubble bwath
I fucking love nature. 
I keep picturing the old bugs Bunny ,getting into a bath tub/ boiling crock pot, gesture.
r/hardcoreaww
Whats that old saying, never check the depth of water with two feet? :)
At the end it looked like the tiger was gonna eat the camera man
Don't think there is a more beautiful animal 
Even the animals are getting big brothered
His eyes going wide,
Did something just touch my foot??
The way he just sits at the end
Looks like me trying to climb down a hill.
Tiger Vs. Killer Whale, go...

Round 1: Open Water.

Round 2: Whale has beached itself like when feeding on seals.

Round 3: Zero gravity.
That face at the end: "Have you been watching me this whole time?!"
I aspire to be as relaxed as this big kitty 😍
Tiger : just perfect, jumps in
That face at the end!
I was waiting for a few bubbles to surface at the end. 
Most zen tiger ever 
There was a little moment when he realised he'd left the gas on
This is so cute
r/calvinandhobbes
God I love these beautiful creatures
FUCK I LEFT THE OVEN ON
I love it!
Congrats to NatGeo on the successful use of a rectangle
Why the fuck did my phone ring 6 times in 5 seconds for this? 
Whatcha doin'? 

Jus chillin'
Me getting in the tub
r/hardcoreaww
Tigah spa 👍
mmmm sewage bath
No he checked if it was to cold
Question:  are their crocodiles large enough to eat a tiger? Do they have to worry about that in their ranges?
It was probably checking to see if his paw didn't *disintegrate* in that *nasty ass water*.  I'm surprised he didn't give his paw a "sniff-test" before entering... Yuck!  
The perfect moment to end on, his entire face awakens with awareness (-.-) (°-°)
Balls deep in my limit
Man big cats are such graceful creatures. 
Exactly how I get into a bath. 
If that cats name is Eddie Murphy 🤣
00:16 - When it goes in
its sooooo beautiful
Not one bit happy about that editing, I was waiting to see if he would get a shiver when his nuts hit the water.
smart kitty
*mhhh oh Yeah   thats the temperature*
That tiger looks so uncomfortable while checking the water it’s amazing XD
Does it see something at the end?
Don’t go near the ‘ol swimmin’ hole. It’s got tigers.
Aww yisss
Same
Live your life like a tiger checking the depth of water: Balls First
r/meow_irl
This was not about a Panzer.  I am disappoint.
r/likeus
Probably dove in the first time and caused himself an ouch. 
good boy
Majestic.
This is me getting into a pool. Everytime. 
Me in a cold pool
Happy kitty
Aahhhh, the kids are finally back to school.  
This is so adorable thank u!!!
Smart cat.
Probably wasn't checking depth. It them cat instincts telling him he's supposed to hate water.
I wish the water was more clean though.
r/likeus
me testing the water before climbing into a bath that's too hot, probably 
that's literally me entering a pool, and it will probably take me 5 mins to get half of my leg in.
TIL - I’m a tiger during kids home at Christmas break. 
I've never not gotten into a hot tub this way.
My cat in the tub, 2018. 
Awesome!
😂 Awesome 
Is he also checking temperature? Looks like he’s soaking in hot tub
Just like me getting into a bath.
I like how I always can relate to the name of that subreddit.
Richard Parker! 
Me every time I go to check the temperature in my pool 
Fuck I do that
Oh my fuckin god, thank you for sharing!!
# 𝐌𝐚𝐣𝐞𝐬𝐭𝐢𝐜.
I love the little sips he takes at the beginning 
I wanna be a tiger
Smart boy 
Great vid
Do tigers pee in the water as some humans do?
Is this something they normally do in the wild or it's just this tiger?
Yeaaah, get in there big gurl!
Source: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rln2lfxRMp8](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rln2lfxRMp8)

Video from 2011, National geographic
LOVE it how he looks up as a fly or some buzzing insect flies over him during his relaxation!!!
I thought they hated water. 
Meanwhile, scores of drivers just plunge into any flooded intersection they see, ignorant of the depth until their car is flooded and being washed away.

In Vegas, they used to use pictures of those washed away cars on billboards with the tag line, "it's an intelligence test, stupid." 
It looked like my father naked in the hot tub for a minute
So relatable! Amazing job capturing this! Mindblowing 
Awesome ❤ 
Maxin' and relaxin'
Literally me getting in the bath 
“To catcha da fishy, I have to think like da fishy.”
Hehe how cute is that
How can he be so relaxed in such a dirty water?
moood especially since i can't swim
This taken in captivity? Dude has dad bod
Coolin off kitty. 
Do tigers groom themselves like cats do?
Probably wants to make sure there are no crocodiles 
All that's missing is fart bubbles.
Beeeeeg caet, smoooooooolll caet, I luv all caets 
I thought cats don't like water?
The tail dip gets me
he needs clean water 😭😭😭😭
Fur-bearing murder tank idles in bath.
