“File me under ‘get me the fuck out of here.’”
Vet’s office?
Your cat is somehow liquid and solid.
I'm kind of impressed that it tucked its tail in too. Mine usually hide while still waving their tail around like a signal flag. They try so hard to be sneaky and scare each other, but the tail always gives away their position. 
Weird.

I saw a cat for a brief moment, but then it vanished.
[deleted]
That cat is terrified 
This is the "OUT" box, isn't it????
I'd like to think it filed itself under "C"
"The vet can't see me if I can't see the vet."
It's a damn good hiding spot tbh
No, this is brilliant. You're going to look for him under 'C' for cat... but that tricky bastard is actually going to be found under 'F' for feline. 
you're gonna freak out one day and realize your cat is missing and somehow got out, you're going to search and search calling out the cat's name all while panic slowly rising in your chest... only to find him curled up in damn near plain sight yet hiding better than any military camouflage ever never seen. 
Me hiding from my responsibilities.
He's just filing away the CAT scan results.
A “Hey hunny, I can’t find Mr. Fluffybottom, have you seen her?”

B “Have you checked under “F” for Fluffybottom?”

A “Ah-hah! Found her!”
r/TIGHTPUSSY

definitely belongs there
I love how he tucks his tail in! 
He fits, he sits. Like a glove! 😂
Having a piddle on the most important document in the room, without being obvious, is great revenge. 
He thinks he's a Stealthy boi
I always feel so bad for when cats are scared like this, but dammit why do their reactions have to be so funny 😭
Another video providing me evidence that cats are in fact not from Earth
I used to love doing this with my cat. I'd say " I see you" ... he'd run around the room looking for the perfect hiding spot. He was so awesome. 
My cat sucks at hide and go seek. [Proof](https://i.imgur.com/7tPDl2D.jpg)
#Activate catmoflouge
I love how neatly he packages himself in that small space. My cat will shove herself into any space she sees and just let whatever’s extra hang out. This guy actually puts in the effort to tuck in his tail. He must be a pro at this.
*Illusion 100*
Aaaaaaand incognito.
that cat isn't playing - he's terrified !
I only see an organized desk. 
If I fits I sits level 3,000
He actually looks like he's peeing in there. 
OMG that tail twist at the end is the best!
Aww baby. So scared but so cute. 
Pretty good hiding spot!
To be fair, it is a really good place.
Honestly that’s not a bad hiding place. 
This is a great way to organize your cats
File under: CAT
A cat that files itself? 

So cute. He even tucks in his tail. 
No, he’s scared.
Me, hiding from my responsibilities.
Yeah no that's not hide and seek that's vet office terror 
When your cat scan files itself 
Looks like he's hiding something all right....

"One second, let me get your files" *pulls out cat* 
"I'll just go ahead and file myself under 'Snuggly'."
He’s pretty good 
That cat is frightened by something so it is desperately attempting to hide.
In my area there is a vet that does house calls and is cheaper or the same price as clinics, helps the animals not be as stressed
I think vets need cardboard boxes or something. I hate seeing cats so terrified.
I love how he's sure to tuck every bit of his tail in with the rest of him.
Sorted.
Me avoiding responsibilities
When someone tells me to sort myself out
Aww baby kitty, why are you scared?
That’s honestly a bit creepy- that hiding place (paired with the body positioning) is too smart. Keep your eye on that kitty
Self-filing kitties are so convenient.
Glad we’re starting off the new year with people getting irrationally upset about a cat at the vet’s office. 

New year, same Reddit. 
If I fits, I sits and hides. 
Never finds me here. 
“My eyes are hidden so they can’t possibly see me” 
So cute!
Wait where'd the cat go? 
I would play he's a good hider
Did you find him?
Filed under C, for Cat.
My cat plays hide and seek with me all the time...she will even play fetch...
Skill level 1000
That's a cat that has seen a spray bottle once too many times 
He wins
Cat magazine :)
Terrified kitty at vet. Not at all cute.
File under “F” for feline. 
If you were, he just won.
That a vet office isn't it? Of course he's going to try and hide there. 
"If I can't see you, you can't see me!"
Nope... you're not going to give me any shots. F You!!!
Guess you'll never fully understand how scary doctor visits can be until you can't find your balls after one of them...
Someone possibly scared of storms/thunder?
To be fair.. he hid, and you found him. You got played, son.
I thought this was adorable until my girlfriend pointed out that he’s at the vet and he’s probably terrified. 

Poor kitty 😭
Not a good spot I have to admit 
Holy crap. When cats do that, they’re trapped and terrified. 
Awww how cute, a terrified cat. 
Tail retracted like an old timey vacuum cord
I didn’t know there were so many feline psychologists in the world,   What are the qualifications for a job like this? Other than the ability to spout complete bs and then argue about it. 
He's a very good hider
Poor little guys so scared.
So cute!
Filed under C for Cat
If I fits, I sits
So cute!!!
My cat hates travelling. When we moved to a new apt, she wedged herself into the space between the wall and the mattress just like this.
Oddly, she doesn't hate the vet per se, just how one travels to and from the vet. I think it makes sense - automobiles are *weird* for animals. 
"I'm a book!" - cat
Scared cat. Fireworks?
If it fits it sits
Looks like he's been threatened and is very scared.
Lovely, but it seems a little strange to just post a desk.
I can tell this is the vet, but the body language REALLY reminds me of my cat hiding from thunderstorms.

Aside: And for some reason hiding under the kitchen sink is safer than hiding under the bathroom sink...? To paraphrase Madonna: Cats are a mystery / All kitties must loaf alone / I hear your yowl and say / That I am your drone 
To be fair, he IS pretty well hidden... in plain sight.
The tabby tail tuck at the end! 😍
r/oddlysatisfying
Cat's don't really "play". This one is scared shitless and is trying to hide. 
Korat with puffied tail, he got spooked, he's not playing :(
Wondering how long he stayed like that for. Perfect hiding spot.
Aww poor little dude. He's scared. :(
All these videos lately of cats being scared, and loose, at the vet. I only have one cat and don’t go to the vet that often. But when we go, my cat is in a carrier. Then I remove him and hold him during the process. It’s never been just toss the cat in the room and start filming. Sorry, not really finding this cute or funny. 
Aww sweetie.
No he's terrified. Poor guy. 
How is that hide and seek? How is it aww? Its not morbid or abuse but it doesn’t really belong here. The cat is discomforted because they’re at the vet.
That cat is terrified and extremely uncomfortable.  It's not cute or amusing.
Feline Filing 
I want to be a cat so bad. 
Maybe try to comfort your cat instead of filming him 
Kitty looks scared. 
Fuck, he's good.
Notbad.gif
Hide level EXPERT.
Nope, i think the cat knows he’s at the veterinary.
Kitteh 
This is one of the cutest damn things I’ve ever seen!
And he knows how to play the game! 
If I fits, I sits
Dat curly tail
Kitty won.
Hes *good*. Hes really really good.
classify cat
Wish my filing was this easy
Aaaaaaaand the cat vanished.
Well if I can't see me, he definitely can't see me -The Cat (Probably).
that is some serious ferreting.
Sneaking to get something.
He's got mid manager qualities.
Lol
Sweetie. 
Sneakiest kitty I never saw
My cat does this on towels or clothes on the ground and then immediately pisses on them. 
There are few things in life better than a big, fluffy, goofy gray cat 
My cats are the masters of hide and seek.  I lost one of my cats in a completely empty house for 2 hours.  It wasn’t a very large house.  If my skittish cat doesn’t want to be found, you aren’t finding him. Period. 
Filed in the outgoing kittens 
That's pretty damn good. 
stealth: 100
r/catsareliquid 
I know a cat at the vet when i see one.
You have been filed. 😋
He's smarter than you, then.  
perfectfit
awwww babyyyy ;-;
The Secret World of Alex Cat
This is cute. My cat I rescued and saved from death is an asshole. I’m a dog person and I’m used to loving all over my animals and this cat will have none of that shit lmao . 
That cat is definitely fearful of the vet and did this hide.

In human psychology this is called **Object Permanence**. After a certain age humans understand that objects continue to exist even when they cannot be perceived. However, in small children (before they develop fully) they think of they just cover their eyes they become invisible. 

I am sure the cat thinks much like a small human children. This video is good evidence of that too. If it hides its face really well, so that it can't see out, it assumes that its body becomes invisible to everyone else too.
He's so good.  
Master of camouflage.
Quick! Hide!
If I fits, I sits
He’s probably taking a dump.
who thinks we’re playing hide and seek?
I love how he is even continuous enough to hide his tail. 
Everyone, hurry! Take your places!
Chartreux ?
It’s been a long time since I’ve come to this subreddit and not seen a major movement in the comments about how the post is not r/aww material.
Cats are liquid
Activating cloaking device
That is what my kitty does when I tell her we are going bye-bye in the car.
L-e a -<<
No no no k km ok kp 

Y m
What do you mean “thinks”? You ARE. And he’s winning. 
My vet is great. 

My cat doesn't like office, but will sit in window watching birds.

Vet will examine him there...
Cats will go into anything and fit in
/r/TIGHTPUSSY
That is hilarious! 😆😂🤣
Your cat name Snake?
Invisi-cat 
Chinese farm bots get over on reddit.
That is one scared cat.
Thats one smart cat
I can’t see you sooooooooo you can’t possibly be able to see meeee
Your kitty is a lolsquid. (Liquid and solid) Thank you Patrick Star for that mashup word.
"If we can't see us, they can't see us!"

-Cyanide
Perfect way to end this year! My feelssss.
Aww he’s scared comfort that kitty 
I need this as a .GIF! 
I get why this sub Reddit is called aww it's because it makes you go AWWWWWWWWWWWW
Not a bad spot. If I walked I'm without knowing where he was I might miss it. 
Who?
If he can’t see the vet, the vet can’t see him. It’s science.
He wins automatically 14/10
“If I cant see you, you can’t see me!!”
Master I am book
I literally would not notice that.
Further proof that cats are liquid
If it fits, I...get filed?
Russian Blue!  I miss my girl every single day. Best cats
“If I can’t see you, you can’t see me!”
I'm just a fuzzy book
Filed under C for cat. 
Ah, I see you have been to the vet too. 
😂
He's been watching planet earth series trying to blend in like an octopus 😂😂😂
Fuck that’s a good hiding spot!
Good place for a catalog
Perfect fits👌 
Master of disguises
It’s too perfect 
Fuck'n. 
Cute. 
Why aren’t you? 
r/oddlysatisfying 
Wheres the kitty?
"whooooo wants to go THE VET?"

easiest trick to teach any pet.
So cute!! Love how his/her face is smashed up against the wall, waiting. 
W
Boss: Mr. Whiskers! Did you file that paperwork I asked about?

Mr. Whiskers: *files himself* he can’t see me if I can’t see him. 
Cat : you can't find me 
Filled under Fuzzy
“If I fits, I sits.”
Sweet, the latest report just got delivered, how purrfect
I LOVE YOUR CAT SO FUCKING MUCH!
My indoor cat loved to run outside every chance he got. Of course he'd be crying to come back inside after 30 minutes.

When we went to the vet he buried his head in my arms and refused to move. He'd never done that before. Ever.
Love it. He filed himself! 
Our cat once filed herself... Under M for moron because she managed to get trapped in a filing cabinet overnight. We had to find the meowing cupboard and she popped out.
If I fits, I sits.
That curling tail is amazing
“I can’t see them, because they can’t see me!”
If you can’t see them, they can’t see you. 
200 iq cat
Nah I think he's just taking a shit. When you got to go, you just got to go.
That's impressive. 
My cat only plays hide and sick. D:
Cats, the almost ninjas of the Internet 
Peeing?
If it fits, I sits
Are you sure he's not taking a piss? 
If I didn't see it move there, I wouldn't even know there was a cat in my office. 
If it fits he sits, so damn adorable.
If I fits, I sits
Buy
Our cat does something similar to this except it’s usually next to a laundry basket or shoe and he thinks he’s blending in(he’s black). It’s usually when he did something naughty though. 
But still, when he ticks on the tail....
Can’t find what’s hidden
Gotta file your catxes for 2018. 
Yo that’s a good strategy 
How do they know??? 
What cat-egory is he filed under?
Actually, he's taking a piss. 
In coming..... out going.......CAT!!.....h.r
\- I can see you kitty!

\- No, no! Is me folder!
\[insert cat/office pun here\]
That's a really good hiding spot too lol
Or he is using the bathroom.
r/CatsAreLiquid
That’s a damn good hiding spot. 
Now thats is funny
r/catsareliquid
So cute!  Lol
I am magazine. 
R/cattrapisworking
Hide  and Seek level 100!
Dumb prick 
He wins
u/gifreversingbot
“If I cant see them I’m invisible”
If he fits he sits. 
I'm a vet tech. We once lost a feral cat, someone brought in after trapping it, to be spayed. The cat jumped straight up in the air and through a ceiling tile. We were using a needleless vaccine injector on it. It freaked the freak out. We never did find it lol. We laughed and laughed about it. I'm sure that cat is still living it's best life somewhere way the hell away from our clinic lol! Of course, if it had been someone's pet we would have tried a lot harder to find it. It definitely was no where in the ceiling though. It was GONE!
Filed under cute. 
Looks like it’s peeing to me 🤷🏻‍♀️
Play with him u monster 
“If i cant see them, they cant see me”
L-O-V-E  HIMS
Aww poor thing 
 He wins
Why do cats love small boxes so much?  Anybody have a scientific answer for that?  My cat would probably murder me if she could do that and know that she got to sleep in a shoebox afterwards.
The best.
He poopin
r/stancenation

I thought this cat was an otter lmao
If fit I sit.
Damn, where he go??? Fucking black magic I swear.
Just like me and my dad!
Good job leaving that slot empty for kitty!
i mean that is pretty darn good
He so cute I have four cats too lol
The tail tuck is awesome. 
If I fits, I sits.
Can't see him. 
r/tightpussy
Or your cat thinks he's an important file that needs to be put away. 
Who thinks you're playing hide and seek?
He disappeared.
Cute cat but terrible at hide and seek 
Totally fooled me.
Cat-o-File
Sneak 100
r/catsareliquid
[deleted]
What a cute slinky guye. 
He'd win 
If you tell him that his hiding spot is bad I will literally find you and stab you 30 times in the chest >:'(
“If I fits I sits”
I'd never find him. That cat is smarter than me.
Cat’s taking a piss
Where'd he frickin go?
Russian Blue?
Is he a munchskin?
Cant hide that trunk kitty 
What cat? I only see files.
So.... Chats are liquid 
This cat is part ninja, if I didn’t see where he/she went it probably would have taken me a while to find him/her. Really cool but then again I’ve never had a cat probably pretty normal. 
You file under c for cat or a for ass?
cat document.txt
That cat is terrified 
Looks like he wants to be mailed hahahah!
Who does? I don't see anyone, just some filing folders on a desk.
Whered he go???? 
That is a damn good place for a cat to hide. Got the profile and everything. 
r/catsareliquid
Tax statements... Invoices... Fluffy bum... Forms...
Wish you had tapped him on the shoulder to let him know you saw him. Would've loved that reaction.
Cat parking only, what the hell is this other stuff doing here?!
I'm wondering if there was a vacuum cleaner or hair dryer in the mix?
You think you guys aren’t playing hide and seek 
Haha he thinks because he can't see us we can't see him. 
And he's damn good at it too. 
Anyone know what breed of cat this is?  I have one similar but I was never able to find out what breed she is. 
Once he tucked his tail in, he knew he was invisible. 
No he doesn't. He couldn't possibly. Still cute though. 
I can't see you.....you can't see me.  
I still think from when I was a kid that it would be awesome if I can’t see them they can’t see me.
r/catsareliquid 
It's a beautiful cat
I don’t get it - all I saw was a cat walk by and disappear! r/blackmagicfuckery 
Incatnito 
Who? I don’t see anything...
Cats are ninjas... but this one is still learning 
If i fits, i sits
r/catsareliquid
!
Well isn’t that absolutely adorable?
Awwww so cute 
That cat is shitting itself
He slides around like Randall from Monsters, Inc.
Would never of fpund him.
Well damn he's good at hide and seek. 
Wow a cat that files itself 
Actually looks like he's taking a shit lol
Awwww wwwwwwwwww
“If it fits, I sits.”
Moves like a rat more than a cat
If it fits I sits
r/TIGHTPUSSY
Looks like when kitty goes litter
If I fits I sits 
just a boring video of a desk, i dunno what you're talking about
No he just yearns to be paper
Trying to blend in, eh?
Anti Vaxx Cat
How do their bodies do that???
Lmao. Compact kitty!!!
He looks like a slippery otter.
To be fair if the cat were hiding like that and I were looking for him, I probably wouldn't find him. 
no he's scared and will probably stress poop and piss and stink up the whole place
The pheromones of distressed, stressed, ill, and dying animals that are a part of the process of healthcare, must be overwhelming for many animals. 

Leads me to wonder if the same is true for hospitals, after all not just the atmosphere but many report feeling unwell in a hospital (with the condition they themselfs are not there for a procedure), could the same be true for homunas on some level....
Please tell me his name is Waldo 🔍
"And if we were playing, I won."
Keeping wildlife, um, an amphibious rodent... for, you know, domestic... within the city... that ain't legal either.
The cutest!!!!! Such a behbeh!!!!
holy shnikies, almost 100k likes!

meow.
/u/gifreversingbot
He's terrified
You are playing hide and seek now
does look like a vets office. definitely not an "aww" moment!

Covert kitty
I think someone is leaving a mess to clean up. 
Ninja warrior level 
What do you call those things he hid in?
Breaks my heart, he’s scared and trying to hide because he’s cornered. I hope the owners didn’t just mock him but consoled him in what looks to be a vet office 
Fun fact: Cats don’t like white and empty and open environment when they wanna rest/nap or somethin so they always like dim/enclosed areas in their time of vulnerability like cat family usually does.
I is bad . I puts self on wall.
Awwwwwww ❤🐾 so cute!!!!
Is his name Boris?
*Wow, such floof*
Super cute.
He thinks hes a cat
The cat put himself in a time out
Snek 
“If I can’t see me, he can’t see me!”
cat.
Further proof that cats are liquid
Haha, 10/10
so cute
I want to do the same thing when I visit my dentist.
Okay I don't like cats very much but that's pretty cute
Hey what is the breed of this cat? 
SNEAK 100
Really needed to pee and couldn’t find the litter box.
My cat does the same thing she was able to find her way behind some bags of treats and hide. It took the Vet and my mom a few minutes to fine her.
SEEK YOU MONSTER
File under C for cute!
That reminds me of my house panther kitten who hides in a white bathtub when he doesn't want to be caught.
Ralph Wiggum: I’m a books now. 
You sure he is not relieving himself?
r/catsareliquid
I love ferrets
I’m assuming this is at the vets office lol. I just love the cat videos!
They'll never think to look for me in here... *shifty eyes*
That tail tuck gets me every time.
Awee. so cute
r/TIGHTPUSSY
Make the cat disappear how he do dat 
He knows someone is playing with vacume cleaner
The cat is scared and this is sad. This submission violates the rules. If you're going to remove other similar posts, then remove this one. How long it's been up shouldn't matter.
Initially, I thought, omg, so cute. Then I realized, this cat is terrified. He thinks if he can’t see anything, no one can see him. 
How did u fit?!?! Cats are flexible 
Filed under c for cutie
And so, the Blair Witch claims another victim...
Or taking a shit in there
I definitely audibly Awwed
I mean your cat is terrified, not trying to play a game.

https://imgur.com/a/rd3FtaC/

My cat does the same thing when she’s any place unfamiliar to her. Especially the vet. Poor kitty :(
How do you make a post to this sub? Literally just got reddit a day ago.
lies....that's a vets office and the cat is terrified.Nice fake posting,dude
This breaks my heart 
“The animals of the world exist for their own reasons. They were not made for humans any more than blacks were made for whites, or women for men.” -Alice Walker
Poor thing 😢
He's really distressed☹ looks like the vet or something
When I was 4 years old at the doctor you could have caught me hiding behind the lamp shade like Scooby-Doo or some shit.
That puffed out tail is a flight-or-fight response.  WTF is wrong with you for posting that thinking it's cute or funny.  You're disgusting or you are clueless on how to read animal's cues.
I think he thinks someone's going to hurt him 😦
/r/WhatsWrongWithYourCat/
 r/shit
I also think you are playing hide and seek
*Play-Doh-y poop comes out front holes*
I would have died if poop came out of the holes at the bottom
So..... down vote?
This is a fucking stupid title. The cat isn't playing hide and seek. We can tell it's at a vet office and stressed out. Trying to play it off like the cat is playing hide and seek. Gtfo.
Weird flex but okay 
