It wont be as easy when she gets bigger lol.
WHY DO I KEEP PUSHING AWAY THE THINGS I LOVE?!! Oh, he's back
I’d love to try this with my puppy but I can already hear my mom saying, “Oh my God my floors!’ 
Outrageous  Video : Evil man ruthlessly tortures puppy, repeatedly preventing her from a drink in the kitchen. 


Edit : Ty generous giver of silver, my first reward  ever. 
ZOOP! tap tap tap tap ZOOP tap tap tap tap
She's just playing fetch with herself
" Please, I just want to love you!  Why you push me away?"
This is exactly how I wanted to start my new year. Thank you! 
You can see why scrappy became such an arsehole to scooby and the gang 
Again again again!
Is there anything in life better than a puppy? I don't think so.
I just keep thinking of this sad scene where the dog owner is trapped in some rubble and pushes the dog out to try to let it escape and survive but all she does is come back to her master
My Father always did this to our Shih-Tzu and she loved it. He would call it Doggy Hockey. She's been gone for about 12 years now. One of the best friends I've ever had. Sorry for the emotional spill but this just instantly brought back a flood of memories playing on the linoleum floor with her and a bunch of Legos and toys. 
[deleted]
i am de pup

am play  inside 

i loves it when

we do de *s l i d e*

i run to fren

across de floor

he push me back

i run for more

de play is good -

is much rehearse

but don know why

am in reverse . . . 



What breed is she?
Yeah that's cute and all but sliding around on slippery floors as a pup is thought to be on of the causes of hip problems in adult dogs. 
Don't want to stop the cuteness. But if you overdo this, the friction will cause the skin on the paws getting hurt. Had a cat that was running around like a crazy on such floors when we played fetch until he left tiny little bloody paw prints on the floor. 
I think it's more your favorite game than hers. 
She gets to run to her human without ever having to run away from him. 
/u/gifreversingbot
Dude, that's not a game. She's wondering why you keep pushing her away. My father used to do the same thing to me
I want progress videos of this as the dog gets bigger. 
I love how she loves it!
Good puppy playing fetch with its own body.
Was dying to watch you hug her at least once throughout the video :/
*Your* new favourite game. Puppy just wants to cuddle.
u/gifreversingbot
This reminds me of when my wife and I moved into our first place together with our new pup. r/aww

And then when we moved out and found the crayon that matched the color of our "hard wood floors".
Is it though?

&#x200B;
My dog and I know this as playing "shuffle dog"
My name is dog     
this is my dad     
dis is a gif of   
the fun we had    

I do a run to   
he do a throw  
then across this   
floor i do go   

Is very fun   
to do a slide   
just like my very   
own disneyland ride   
I could watch this all day. 
He just wants a hug. 
No sound?  Come on, we need to hear the "Weee!"
Wish I could give this an award
Pushes dog into wall
Floppy puppy bodies T_T
RemindMe! 364 days
Aw. Aw!
u/stabbot
So cute!
Aww I miss hardwood floors now. Especially when the dogs have the zoomies!
I wonder how you found out that he slides.
I can watch this for hours
RemindMe! 1 year "bigger dog sliding on floor"

!RemindMe 366 Days 
RemindMe! 365 days
Like those old toy cars you pulled backwards and then they shot forward lol
Yo-yo Dog
Would be even more satisfying if this was made into a gif.
It's not time to put socks or boots on them feet. Film it 

Fetch yourself 
OH MY GOD THE LITTLE HOPS
Remind me 365 days
I used to do something similar to our puppies; difference is I would slide them sideways using their fur instead of their paws. It cracks me up every time I see them get up and rushes back to do it over again. Bunch of cute derps. Haha. 
My cat doesn't like this game as much as I do.
!Remindme 365 Days
Her?   Or HIS?
THE FULL BULLPEN!!!
your beautiful wood floors yikes!!! 
Scrappy Doo!
So cute 
Why does this look like a treadmill for dogs? 
SHES WORKING OUT!!!!!
I totally haven't watched this 27 times and missed a vital part in my program..
Scooby & Shaggy: the younger years
So cute oml
Fuck your floor right lol jk so much fun 
Wait few more months and you will be the thing that get pushed.
What brand of dog is this?
Know how I know you’re renting? Just kidding. Looks like fun! 
My dog and I play the same game, only he tries to bite the shit out of me.
Doggo: Why should I fetch when I could become the fetch? 
This makes me want a puppy so bad!
Aww it,s cute
Wow, a well-educated little dog. He is so lovely!
It's like playing catch, but without needing a stick
Playing _with_ a dog gets a whole new meaning
SiCk FuCk ThRoWs DoG dOwN hAlLwAy 
Have you tried turning it off and on again?
Cool
Could anyone else HEAR IT AAAH
ruffleboard
!RemindMe 1 year 
My heart just exploded 
Ka is a wheel. 
!RemindMe 365
!RemindMe 365 days
Scrappy Doo.
Before someone posts to r/PeopleFuckingDying with a title like “POoR defENCeleSS pUPPy jUSt waNTs LovE bUT HUMaN OvERlORd puSHEs AwAY REPeteaDlY”
what is her breed?
So cute 😍
You mean HIS new favorite game. 
r/bettereveryloop
Is she a puggle?
😅😅
!RemindMe 366 days 
How come she play so long with him . She so cute
He’s made a rod for his own back there, when the dog is (multiples) bigger........
“Why do you want to keep pushing me away, I love you!”
RemindMe! 365 days
great game loool
This is traumatic.
Awh she look like having a blast 
I feel like the tiles are secretly made of ice
I could watch this for 3 days straight.
Give it some scooby snacks while youre at it
Weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Sadly that's what my gf do to me all the time :(
/r/petthedamndog
RIP your floor
I'd take a dog over a kid any day. I pick up an Irish Setter today and can't wait. 
When my family brought home our first puppy, I used to do this with him all the time. Little guy left us recently but this post made me remember something special. Thanks so much for sharing it :)
Scrappy dappy Doo
It works with ex-girlfriends too!
I do this with my 40lb pit mix; truly a blast for everyone.
Pretty sure she just wants hugs :(
Can’t be good for the wood floor. 
"He keeps pushing me away but my love is stronger."
i wish i had a dog
Clearly no one here understands Stockholm syndrome. 
u/larimuss yeeeey
Plot twist: The Dog just wants love from the owner but gets rejected 
after the fourth push, enough.now she's just trying to run by you.
You should call him boomerang
"Why are you pushing me away hooman I just want to love youuuuuuuuu"
If you love something, let it free. If it comes back, it was meant to be.
Now, just add a tiny mop to each paw.

Boom. Clean house.
Cuuuute lol fast forward a few years when she's muuuch bigger and still wants to play xD
Oh god, please be weary of this. My dad used to do this to my moms dog. We all thought she loved it because she kept coming back like this. Eventually she got the the point that if anyone puts their hands on her sides, she full on attacks. Luckily she weighs all of 3lbs, but it’s been 5 years now and she’s still like it. 
My only question is how this was discovered
She's making you play fetch with her as the ball.
10/10 - 11/10 if there were sweet sweet pupper fetch noises. We demand the raw footage. 
I can't watch this without hearing a sliding noise in my head lol
I was distracted because I have the same exact flooring. I know no one probably cares, just speaking my mind. Anyway, I'd try this with either of my dogs, but they're 80 pounds.
Don't do it once unless you are prepared to do it twenty times. 
I wanted you to pick her up and cuddle her so bad
INB4 reddit thinks this is animal abuse
I love to do this with my dog
This is a good workout for you too!
I used to do this with my long gone Chihuahua when he was a puppy. (I tried with my current Chi when he was a puppy and it just hurt his feelings.)

We don’t deserve dogs. 
That gonna be bad on that flooring...
What kind of dog is this?
Waiting for the poems
clean floors, bro
太可爱了，我在中国的短视频软件上看到过这个
These dogs with blueish collars always make me think of Scooby/Scrappy Doo.
r/DogsOnHardwoodFloors
Puppies are fun, until it stops mid game and takes a ‘piss’ everywhere.
Needs sound so I can admire the r/tippytaps
This is cute, but if the breed is prone to hip dyspraxia slipping so much at a young age could set them up for issues later in life.
How does one figure this out ? Did doggy bug you and you're like "f off and pushed doggy" thus this reult ?
RIP your hardwood lol love the puppy slides ..will be interesting to see how she does when she's older
Hate to be a buzzkill but I don't see much evidence that the animal is enjoying this.
Most likely his new favorite game. 
Looks like the dogs trying to get around him, probably for food! Looks cruel to me😤
She actually wants to be close to him but doesn't understand why he keeps pushing her away
That friction is too less right? Her paws won't be burning or something? Idk i hope it shouldn't, she is too cute so I was just worrying. She is loving it then definitely it shouldn't hurt or burn but idk maybe I'm overthinking. 
I think we have the same flooring! Don’t have a pupper to slide around though :( 
Is that real wood or porcelain tile?
What if she just wants a hug and you keep pushing her away?
That is so adorable 
Does it ever stop?
zhooooom!
Do it again!! Do it again!!
Dogs love laminate flooring. Endless slidey mayhem.
This made me smile so hard it hurts 
I do this to my dog! She's fully grown and about 10lbs but thinks she's a german shepherd. I flip her on her back so she slides farther and doesn't have to worry about her feet. The fluffiness makes for some extra protection too!
I JUST WANT A HUG!!!
If I tried this with my cat he would just lay down and expect cuddles. 
Not as good as the trash panda being thrown onto the couch like a kid being launched in the air by their oddly buff uncle in the pool at grandmas house. 
Used to play this with my dog, except he's about 5 times the size so I could only push him about half the distance, and he's so strong he'd be back almost instantly.

I got exhausted and the floors got scratched.
r/noisygifs
We used to do this with my dog, except we would spin her around in a circle a few times before we pushed her across the floor. Then she’d start running immediately even while she was sliding backwards, just like a Looney Toons character.
WHY WONT THIS LOAD
This would be a really good opportunity to teach “here”!
Why you look like Andrew Luck?
Remind me! 366 days
RemindMe! 1 year
I also want to play the same game with my puppy. But the main problem is that I have no puppy as my mom don't like puppies
!RemindMe 365 days
Puppy curling - the newest Olympic sport...
OUR* new favorite game
Can somebody clip the video and loop it and post it to r/bettereveryloop
Remind me!

I want a puppy now 😅
I don’t know where I’d be without dogs 
I can hear the little steps every time she comes back and it’s so adorable
Kamehamepup 😂
RemindMe! 366 Days
In reverse this would seem funny
What breed is this?
If i try this with my cockerspaniel half breed he runs away after the first try and hides under the table.
Aww!! My life story in a gif!!
Try sliding her on her back. Our terrier loves it! He also enjoys being spun around.
So cute!
Baby Scooby! 
That's gonna be one strong pupper!!
Looks like it's your too. :)
this is cutest thing I have seen today
I loved doing this with my beagle till one day her claws had gotten a bit long and she basically completely destroyed the hardwood.
My cat likes to be picked up and tossed onto the bed. She always runs straight back 
!RemindMe 366 Days 


!RemindMe 366 Days
Aww so cuuuute. 😭
!RemindMe 1 year big doggo slide
Playing catch with the dog
Roses are red, violets are blue,
Nuuu! Can't you tell she has detachment issues ;-;
RemindMe! 500 days
The FULL BULLPEN!
reminds me of scrappy doo
Man repeatedly stops terrified puppy from escaping. 
So cute :3
!RemindMe 367 days
Needs to be recreated when she's bigger but like at the point where she disappears she comes been fully grown 
Is that a ridgeback? 
I remember the first time I got a dog
We had smooth floors like this when my dog was a pup. Her favorite thing to do was go running then slide under the dining room chair & she stopped under the table. She could entertain herself this way for ages. 

The first time she tried to do it when she had grown too big, she ran into the chair which fell over her (the four legs were around her, not ON her and she wasn't hurt at all). She froze and then just looked at us like it was our fault or that we had changed the chair. She looked both mad and upset. 

She wasn't hurt so it was hilarious. 
Wouldnt a treadmill be easier on the woodgrain?lol
In Soviet Russia, dog fetches you! 
If you get tired.. I’ll be happy to take over 🥰
Looks like fun, but I hope she doesn’t get any splinters in her little pads.
At least pet her when she runs back
Used to do this with my puppy, every single day for like 1,2 hrs. He loved it, so did I :) 
my father use to do it with me
RemindMe! 365 days
So this is what the upstairs neighbors are doing...
Looks like scrappy doo
Reminds me of a relationship I was in when I was young.

"LOVE MEEEEEeeeeeee...."
[deleted]
Thanks i needed this after the video of the tarantula above
"What do you push me away? LET ME LOVE YOU!!!!"
Why can i hear this gif?
OP you will be replacing that laminate floor in a year.....
!RemindMe 366 Days "little puppy sliding on floor gets murdered and replaced by identical but much larger dog sliding not as far on floor"

RemindMe! 365 days
I have always done this with my cocker spaniel when she was little :) Good girl is 11 years old now.
Your going to burn her feet. Real talk playboy. 
Her little ears flying when she runs!! 
RemindMe! 1 year "dog sliding"
is that zeroyalviking
"why hooman doesn't want me?"
Scooby Doo
I have that same kennel. Except I got it for my two cats. Its uh... really inconveniently too big for my sedan when assembled. Just barely fits in the backseat with the passenger seat almost completely forward. 
r/noisygifs
a pup named Scooby Doo! or Srcrappy Doo
Hmhmh
RemindeMe! 366 days
Good exercise!
Wow so cute.

I can hear the nails go clack clack clack on the floor.
Pushing my friends away like...
Thia reminds me way too much of me (puppy) and my partner (pusher man) smh
That's Scrappy Doo!
The video has already repeated for 10 times, but I'm still enjoying it.
AWWWWW MY CAT USED TO LOVE DOING THAT TOO!
Poor little paws wearing away 
Now I just want a little dog to play this game 
Cute boys and me.
Is that Scrappy Doo?
How do you know? 
So cute 💖
My favorite game: rejection 
Oh my god already kill me with the cuteness of this dog
Mastiff puppy? 
/r/noisygifs 
My cat likes to do something similar. I’ll pick her up & toss her lightly onto my bed. She’ll flop around for a second, then comes running back to do it again.

She also likes lying on the wood floor and letting me spin her around.
When you asked for a boomerang and you got this dog...
My cousin's beagle loved this game too.  Except the floor was carpet so I gently lobbed her a few feet and she could hardly get back to me fast enough when she landed for another go.
I read a meme once that really changed my perspective, "Maybe it isn't that dogs like to play fetch, but rather they hate losing things?"

So this automatically made me think, "Maybe he doesn't like being pushed, but rather hates being away from you?"

So maybe, this is torture for the poor pup?
What if she just wants a hug?
RemindMe! 366 days 
This is a perfect opportunity to teach “come”! The dog is already playing a game that involves running back to you and allowing you to grab them. Just start saying come while they’re running toward you, say yes when they get to you, and then sliding them is their reward.

I cannot play this game with an 85 lb lab.
It's also a great exercise move
Am I the only one who can listen every single slide?
I tried this, don't recommend, dog jumped on my face and bit me
!Remindme 365 days
I said "wee" every single time.
This is an r/perfectloops in the making
Her new favourite game...? Or is it HIS new favourite game? Haha too cute 
Puggle?
It reminds me of how we try to get kids to run around and get tired before bed.  Wear them both out this way. Human and puppers. 
Anyone want to put this in reverse to see what it looks like?
Can we talk about the beautiful hardwood floor? Me likey
*Whoosh!*
"Huehuehuehuehue"
What a good puppo! 
My best friend and I would do this to hid golden puppy across the wood kitchen floor, she loved it and it was so cute.
Everything about this is perfect and what I needed to start my day. From the tail wag to the ear flapping... so much cute! 
dog: HUMAN LOVE MEEEAAAAAAAH
Slide puppy, slide. 
r/dogsonhardwoodfloors
Scrappy-dappy-doo!!
"for cryin' out loud, just hold me!"
Dog 1:  My human is great, I play fetch with him.

Dog 2:  My human is better, I play fetch WITH him.
You monster, how could you push such a good boy away. 
Mine loves that too!
Should read 'His favorite game'
Wait I think I saw the same thing from an other angle  it's lurking somewhere on reddit
Wow
Lol thats funny, can not stop laughing.
u/vreddit_bot
Scrappy Doo?
Scrappy Doo
When you wanna hug your friend, but she's pushing you away.
Gonna do this with my pupper
This is the most fluffy thing I’ve seen today. 
She looks so excited doing this. 
I used to do this to my exes rabbit. I’d slide him across the floor with my foot and he’d come running straight back and lean on my foot until I did it again. I really miss him 
Nice try dad, we know you are just trying to tire her out to get her to fall asleep.
Cute
RIP flooring
Dogs are the happiest creatures
Wow
this isn’t a game...*its a form of battle* 
OMG what kind of dog is it? Puppies are so beautiful
I tried playing this game with my cat... she hates it.
My friends ferret loves this game 
"Why do you reject me, senpai! T_T "
Loons line fun to me too 🐶😁😁😂😂
For those who want to hear the piddle paddle when she runs, [here’s the video with audio](https://imgur.com/gallery/Bw3UBSN) 😊
I used to do this with my chihuahua when he was little except Id zoom him down the whole hallway
Maybe you are harrassing her ..
That’s the human’s favorite game. The puppy just wants to be with him.
I am sorry I have less idea about dogs but Which breed is this? 
Looks like little scooby doo
r/noisygifs I can hear the swiiiiiiiiiish sound :)
Her..... or his favorite new game? Looks like fun.
Gonna be quite the workout in 6 months
"Dad please I really gotta go..." 
Fun way to tire her out too. :)
Goodbye hardwood floor. You served us well
Oh good I hope that's not real hardwood floors 😱
Nyooom
Meanwhile my dog only comes into the kitchen if he absolutely must, and he walks on the tile like he's treading water.
Paw burn 😯
u/stabbot
I can hear the paws sliding on the floor in my head. 
cute puppy really 
His* new favorite game 
I tried this with my sister but she just got mad 
Human = me
Dog = my responsibilities
She looks like Scrappy-Doo
What if the dog was just trying to love him but was confused because he was pushing it away?
'all I wanted was a hug :'( '
My dad used to play this exact same game with our ferret. She'd slide along the floor and then race back, mouth agape and 'weasel war dancing' the entire way. 
That might burn its little paws just FYI 
good thing I dont have plans for the rest of the week *presses play for the 57th time*
My Carin Terrier LOVES this game! Imma go play with him now. 
this will be harder once it's full size.
I hear the floor screaming in pain. 
I did this with my kids in their footy pajamas.  Same result.  They're still here to this day.  SMH.
My cat does this too
I used to do this with my sheltie when he was a pup rather than cleaning the floor. Furry dogs > Swiffer mops.
Those are the kind of scratches I want on my floor
Making her very strong, when she's bigger you won't be able to push her away haha.
RIP flooring
!RemindMe 1 year
Looks like Scrappy Doo
Where'd you get Scrappy doo?
Mirror mirror on the wall, why do I slip on hardwood floors?
Aww I do this with my small dog and she comes back for more! ❤️
RIP that hardwood floor. 
RemindMe! 365 days
If you love something let it go, and if it comes back you're meant to be.
Am new here🤗🌹🙏🇵🇰
Totally gonna do that with my cat today when i get back home
Dog Yo-Yo. Do-Do!
What breed is it??
RIP Ur floorboards
Rip the floors

Just wait until she's 60 lbs
Very cute dog
My grandmas chihuahua loves doing this 
You're gonna get splinters in those little paws.
I keep saying “weee!!” out loud along with this 😹
/r/petthedamndog
Your dog is lovely 😍.
aww
This reminds me of my old cat who died in 2018 
Sisyphus puppy! 🐶
How to ruin hardwood floors in one easy step.

(Worth it tough)
Scrappy-dappy-doo!!
Is that Scrappy Doo
Who with a small dog doesn’t do this?
Remindme! 350 days
Jesus I thought that was Chris o dowd
Although she's enjoying this, it could hurt her in the feet. I was playing with my dog the same way once and he bumped on some metallic object. The worst part was I didn't even notice it until he started bleeding pretty heavily. 
That’s what the Pergo floors are for.
Now this really made me smile!
Shuffleboard dog!
GIMME MORE!! GIMME MORE!! WOOOOOOOOF!!
MORE! MORE! WOOOOOF!!
This looks like a fantastic arm workout! 
Is that scrappy doo?
RIP hard wood floor 
Aw can I have her
RemindMe! 365 days 
Lil scrappy doooooooo
Adorable!!!
Awwwwwwwww
What color are those floors?😎
Disclaimer: someone has already made this joke. :-(

Essentially, you're just playing fetch with your dog, and the thing the dog is bringing back to you, is itself. 
Look more like he's trying to run to some food source behind you
My kids loved this when they were using their walker
She has become "the fetch".
JUST LET ME HUG YOU DAMMIT
I've come bargain Dormamu!
I could watch this forever😄
!RemindMe 366 Days
Yeah I need a puppy.
RemindMe! 1 year “Bigger dog sliding on floor”
Torture!
I

Just waiting for someone to explain that this behavior is only seen in dogs suffering from neurological damage, personality disorders and excessive tail wagging syndrome. 
[deleted]
That just looks like you being a jerk. The dog is obviously trying to run around you but you keep grabbing it and shoving it back again.
I do this with my dog all the time. If i only knew that i would actually get 50k upvotes for this..
my new favorite game  
Don’t forget leg day!
Slide me, hooman.
Oh God the hardwood.. he must be renting. 
omgg i needed this today. so cute
R.I.P floorboards
I'm going to do this with my pitbull puppy!!!


Edit: he bit me. There's so much blood omg
[deleted]
her favorite game is abandonment?
Is nobody else concerned about the puppies paws? 
[deleted]
This is animal abuse you should be ashamed!
Do you want to scrach your wooden floor? Because this is how you scrach your wooden floor...
Are you Justin Vernon from Bon Iver?
[deleted]
i saw a puppy get run over once  :(
fake. pupper is continually trying to get at something behind the dude, off camera. this is a guy keeping the pup away from something like a treat. 

edit* see this is why reddit can bug off. downvote cause i upset your feelings. dont provide a counter argument. or get butthurt cause you know i'm right. haha. i just got golded recently. and i said no thanks. my personage does not hinder on internet points. in fact, i told my patron, to nix in the future and pander to you lowly folks that so enrich their lives through social media validation. haha. you only prove my point so succinctly. its so tasty. 
[removed]
I know it's fun, but you can't possibly like the repetitivd nature of it.
