Sometimes I forget that babies are born knowing literally nothing and every human had to learn things like object permanence and how to roll over from their back to their belly. 
I'm way too pregnant to watch this gif at work
Took me way too long to realize the title meant:

1. Mommy right next to you
2. Mommy on phone

I was expecting a twin sister to be on the other side of that baby...
The happiness that this baby is showing right here in this video is so vibrant, it could make the sun seem like a dull light in the sky 
I'm a Grinch when it comes to babies, but this one warmed my cold heart.
How old is that baby?

I'm using my alt account to say I am crying, but not because of how cute it is, but because I am so tired and jealous. My baby is 2 months today, he has the same dino onsie. It's been such a struggle. He hasn't smiled yet (he's close though) and either he is sleeping or crying. Some days are better than others, but the colic... My husband and I are broken. I want to be able to laugh and play with my baby but it feels like I'll never get there. I'm praying to see that level of play and interaction in my son someday , but right now I'm in hell. They say it gets better... I just want him to smile. And to sleep. And to interact with me. And not to scream for hours.

I love him so much, I just want him to be okay, not miserable. We're all miserable right now.

I know all babies are different and my son is at the peak age of fussiness, but seeing GIFs like these reminds me of how I thought motherhood would be vs how it is, how lonely and tired I am, how scared I am for my husband's sanity, how my baby is nothing like this baby. 

I would kill to have this moment with my son. 

And I can't stop crying. 

EDIT: Wow, thank you all for your love and support. So many hugs!! I feel less alone right now, thank you internet humans. It's tough, since we don't have any family in state, and I'm alone with him all day. Although logically I know it's a newborn phase and it will be over soon, having *so* many positive replies has given me some hope on this dark day. I don't usually post "poor me" replies, but this gif was like a punch in the stomach and I had to get it off my chest. Everyone says it gets better, I have to believe that. Thank you for reading. 
r/youseeingthisshit
Little guy's mind is blown! So dang adorable :) 
This post makes me want to hug my mom.

UPDATE: I have hugged my mom.
I need sound, dammit!
*ovaries exploding *
I’d accidentally drop the phone on the kids face.
Is it just the fact that I just finished binge watching The Handmaid’s Tale or does she look like a tan, brunette Elisabeth Moss? 
Most of the time I'm pretty against ever being a dad but shit like this makes me clucky af
That baby's mind just got blown.

&#x200B;
I expected a twin....
It's fascinating how babies have developed this "cuteness" that allows us to forget about their 3am cries and smelly diapers. [They're essentially helpless to predictors, but they're adorable enough to make us sacrifice our lives in order to protect them.](https://www.howitworksdaily.com/the-science-of-cute-why-do-we-find-baby-animals-so-adorable/)
[deleted]
I was trying to make a mental note to remember to do this with my baby but now I realize I shouldn't. I drop my phone on my face three times a night.
#DROPS THE PHONE
She looks like someone I've seen in TV
This is the first time I’ve seen my ex in years and it’s on my reddit feed 😂😂 fml 
I’m taking such a nice poop right now
This reminds me if the vid where the baby meets hers fathers twins. She was all confused.
I thought there were twins (the mother and her sister) and a baby... why does it say "TWO of mommy"?

kindly explain.
My dad has an identical twin and let me tell you, many hijinks were had until I was old enough to understand the concept of twins.
I can see the brain cells connecting. 
Object permanence is a real b**** when you're young lol. 

Adorable
This is one of the sweetest and cutest things I have seen.

Thank you for making the internet a better place with its presence. 
YOU and baby made me smile... Good Day- Thank you! :)
How he looks at her and then smiles ❤️
That's super heartwarming and adorable.
I wish there was sound for this clip!
Knuckle dimples...... 
That baby could be the star of a show called "Babies I Don't Care about."
I was waiting for the face swap...
No
I dunno why strangers parading millions of other strangers intimate moments with their children makes me uncomfortable. 
I thought this was gonna be the gif or whatever of a baby finding out his mom has a twin and became super confused lol. 
Oh god, I have this fear that i would drop phone to baby face.
It’s these kinds of moments that make me think maaaaybe I want a baby.  And then I get over it. Super cute tho. 
Alright this is officially my favorite gif of 2019 so far.
This just made my 2019!
That happiness is just pure. Cute thing
This is just the cutest thing I've seen in a long time! 
Oh my ovaries!... Wait, I have ovaries?
Omg this makes my heart flutter!! 
Simply precious 💕
I don't normally find things with babies cute but damn was this adorable.
Jesus, but I miss these moments with my kids. They can do cool things when they are older, sure, but it's never like this.
Watched my friends kid discover her thumbs the other day and how to use them. It was so adorable watching point at this and touching stuff with them.
Omfg this is precious 
This post was the most upvoted post across all of Reddit on January 3rd, 2019!

^(I am a bot for /r/toppostoftheday - Please report suggestions/concerns to the mods.)
That’s so good 
#Praise be to the newest Champion of Reddit, u/-EG-!

[Let us not forget the Champions of yore...](https://www.reddit.com/r/ChampionsOfReddit/)
Lol, crack babies.
a comment 
We should all be like babies. We should be more present in the moment. We should feel the breeze against our face; hear the chirping of birds in the morning and crickets in the evening; see the wonders of nature arounds and the boundless canopy of blue above (unless you're in China).
this baby could be the star of a show called babies i don’t care about 
Patrick Stewart looks younger by the day.
This is so precious, also you’re a beautiful mother :)
he was trying to figure out how to baby 
I wish I could afford braces.
Why was this in the animals section
I thought this sub Reddit was only for animals because I mostly see animals
When this baby turns 30 he will upload this gif to r/oldschoolcool and make front page because his mom is attractive.
Kinda feel bad for babies. Being 30 in 2050 is going to suck.
Oh man, that's an adorable and happy baby. My son had those same PJ's, and he just grew out of them and it made me sad. 

Edit: well fuck you all, too lol
Oh my goodness! Playing like this with babies is the best. Look at how he stokes her arm! Such a loving sweet moment. Great job Momma! 
This is so cute!! 
Watching this with my wife in labor and delivery right now.  She was just induced, and this helped keep her calm! 


Wtf this is just standard baby faces. This is dumb. 
r/youseeingthisshit
I wonder what the developmental impact is. Both of having a moving image of mom, and having this device (phone or tablet) that’s almost like a prosthetic consciousness for many of us these days.
Cuteness overload!
I thought it was going to be a twin thing.
This is always how I want my dog to react, but that guy doesn't give a shit. 
This video made my day!
That baby is sooooo damn adorable!
Omgosh you two are adorable! Made my day.
Priceless!
Soooo cute!!!!!
Ohmygod, hes adorable!!! 
I have a 2 month old and it’s amazing to see how much joy they get from things we wouldn’t think twice about. I can’t help but smile when she smiles. It’s so goddamn infectious. 
Oof, my ovaries!
At what age does one loses the capacity to reach this happiness level? 
Kept waiting for the camera to pan right for the twin.
Why do most babies look like Tyson Fury or Tommy Robinson...
That baby looks like a 60 year old man
Someone explain to me why I hate this. The baby looks stupid. It annoys the hell out of me. What is wrong with me!?
This is one of the sweetest things I’ve seen on Reddit.
Love the way mom plays along and also seems quite surprised to see a duplicate beside her!
Adorable...both of them❤️❤️
My kids have grown, but that little face brings back memories.  This time is too short.  Treasure every second.
I would've loved to hear the sound on this video. I love the sound of baby coos and laughter. 💖
Mom and baby are both super cute. Love this 

Edit: why am I being downvoted for this comment? I do not understand reddit. 
So nice. 
I'm just gonna put this in the eye-bleach folder.
r/youseeingthisshit
This is getting out of hand, now there's two of them
Hahaha! Beautiful!
What a beautiful smile
Beautiful baby. 
I don’t want kids.. but this makes me want one! So so sweet
My God, that's just sheer delight.

edit: not that internet points r real, but how on earth is this a controversial thing to say? That baby looks exultant.
You could just see his little cogs turning. "Wow Mommy, is amazing, she is in two places at the same time! Clever Mommy!"
r/youseeingthisshit
Cool dinosaur suit, buddy!
This made my day ❤ Thanks for the dose of cute
I would give anything to have my 10mo old lay that stationary for more than 4 seconds
Pure unadulterated happiness. saving this for a bad day.
Stop objectifying children on a public internet forum for karma
[deleted]
The sweetest 💜
Ohh gosh, made my day🙂
The best is when he grabs get sleeve like "you seeing this?!"
This absolutely melts my heart 
The baby is like... holy shit, she's here, it's cool, wtf is going onnnnnn
This is why people have kids. For moments like this.
God I wish this had sound! 
I had the same reaction to the "Joe's BBQ and Foot Massage" the first time I watched it. 
gonna take that baby a while to learn object permanence
I expected her twin sister appear on the other side of the bed 
This reminds me of a youtube video of babies reacting to seeing their parent's identical twin. Lol
How old is the baby? 
I was waiting for mommy's twin to show up, wasn't disappointed 
The baby learned what a front facing camera was before most things.
I'm seein' double! Four mommies!
Lol I expected to see a twin of mommy. It’s even more adorable this way! What an adorable little baby!
That make me “AWWWW!!!” out loud. So beautiful! There is nothing like that wonder and joy babies feel. I loved that. Soak it up for me. 
Welp. Now I want a kid. Thanks a lot! 
That face makes my ovaries hurt 
My heart just exploded. 
Father to a now 2 year old daughter, easily the happiest time in my life, children have a way to make you happy, unlike anything else in the world.
These videos did nothing for me until I had my first kiddo. Definitely changes how you see things!
Definitely thought her twin sister was gonna be on the other side of the baby.
Such joy! Both of you!
I hate babies. I really do.

But this one was too cute lol.

Don't tell my gf
Made my day!!
This reminds me of my cousin seeing my grandmother and her twin sister (his grandmother) together for the first time. His grandmother was holding him and he saw her twin sister and started crying because he thought a stranger was holding him at first. The looking back and forth with sheer confusion was priceless. 
no joke, that baby seems crazy conscientious. kid looks like 5-8 months. very cool
That baby is cute where can I order one 
Aww.
Cute videos like this will make parents think about doing something crazy, like having another baby. 
Are they twins?
I don't know what it is about when a baby has a paci in their mouth and smile so hard it falls out, gets me every time. My daughter does it and I can't stop smiling/laughing when she does and then she get's going, too. It's just great.
Cute baby 
r/youseeingthisshit
I need this with audio!
I kinda miss mine being that age... He's only 1 :/
I was expecting the mother to have a twin laying on the other side of the baby and the baby gets confused when he sees two of them.  This is pretty damn cute though.
Gosh darn adorable. Simply heart warming.
Every time I see this post I upvote it forgetting that I have already upvoted it.
I thought this was going to be that one gif of the baby being handed back and forth between mom and her twin b/c it couldn't figure out what was going on.
Best thing about baby-watching -- seeing them discover some fundamental truth of the universe, then laugh like crazy -- "Wouldja just look at this?!?! This is so cool!!"
This baby is expressing pure joy with his mother.

Never change, baby. Never change.
So so beautiful! You just got to love the innocence of babies! 
God I wish I could find the .gif of the baby with his mom and her identical twin and the baby goes into joyful overload.
Oof my ovaries! What a cute baby!
Aww
When you just can’t believe that you’re seeing TWO of Mommy.
I wish this had sound! My son is 2 weeks and it’s so incredible to watch him discover an entire world around him! 
So there's no source with sound? :(
Ok, you win 2019 in the first week
OMG! he is adorable,❤️❤️🙏🙏

Pretty people..I can’t stop watching the sweetness.
I love this video too much to express
This woman is 100% an actress, isn’t she? I know her face from a TV show. Who is it? 

Edit: I was thinking of Alex Osipczak, Spencer Owen’s (SpencerFC on YouTube) girlfriend. I swear this woman looks just like her!
This is the kind of smile I was needing today 😄
This. This is amazing
Was wondering the same thing...
84% upvoted... who downvotes this? One of the most adorable posts I’ve ever seen on reddit.
Sometimes my infant looks out the window and I can tell she’s just thinking “...*soon.*”
I just kept thinking "where's the twin sister?"
Amazing!!!! ☺️☺️
That is seriously the most amazing video! I am so jealous I don't have that for my own records!!
Goddamn I can *hear* that laughter.
I can't even handle how adorable this is, I can't! <3
This is the truly love
I am unbelievably attracted to this woman. I don’t know why. 
Cute human made another cute human. I like. 
Tripping out Momma!
Aw you can see how much he loves his mummy already 😊
I love when baby's eyes get big like that
my heart.. omg 😇
/r/youseeingthisshit
The look they give you is utterly heart turning. 
Peggy!  I need 220 words on my desk by Friday!
So mf cute 
Okay. I'm not a fan of kids..but MY GOD I NEARLY DIED OF CUTENESS OVERLOAD!!!!!!!!!! look at the love and joy in his eyes!!! So pure and untainted. He's just existing, so happy with mummy, who also has the same pure and shining love in her eyes!!! This makes me feel lovely, like my soul just got hugged 💕
God where is the audio when you want it so bad! Made my week! 
Those huge open-mouthed smiles babies get are literally the best thing ever.
Awww... just enjoying the dino jammies just like Thing #2 grew out of so fast.  We need expanding fabric so the best baby outfits can be worn longer!
This made me smile ❤️
Omg! Soooooo cute!
Cute baby, but this lady has the nicest teeth! I’ve never admired teeth before.
There is a one year kid of my cousion, she gets really confused when she sees my mom and her grandmother (both are sisters) which look very much the same.. she gets on ones lap and sees  other and then wants to get on anothers lap and gets stuck in a loop xD
just read curiosity 0245's comment.
that movie - AI
OMGosh! when the "mother" abandoned her bot. i was crying  sheets of rain! left the theater hyperventilating! my husband walked away from me. had to walk through the lobby, gulping and holding my breath alone. when i got in the car, i sobbed all the way home. AND, i wasn't even pregnant! 
i have (mother) abandonment issues
You both are cute. Not trying to be a creep though.
This is so cute 
This is the most adorable video ever!
Aww! I love how he turns to mommy all "ARE YOU SEEING THIS?!"
Handmaid's Tale spoiler alert
This video makes me so happy AND sad. I miss my boys being babies. 😭
I miss that stage!  How adorable.
The only thing that brings me joy is seeing the love of a mother for her child. 
Was not a baby person... Until now. 
Is there a version of this with sound?
Awwwwwww
So heartwarming seeing his surprise and excitement.
Oh my christ this is so wholesome 
Dammit OP! I need sound!!!
where is the other?
u/vreddit_bot
That is one of the sweetest things I’ve ever seen!
Okay okay okay. Now THIS is the cutest thing I’ve ever seen.
ITT: me trying to keep telling myself i dont want kids
r/youseeingthisshit
This is so pure happiness :)
Imagine if she dropped the phone on the babies head
The perfect baby dosent exi-
Nothing quite compares to the comfort and support of seeing your mom.
My gods, I had to watch this video about ten times! Thanks.
that is so cute
I love watching them learn and discover. I wish we could keep more of that child-like wonder for simple things as adults. 
This is too precious 
Thanks for posting. Seconds of adorableness counteracts hours of stress.
link to video with sound?
Excellent. Twice the moms, double the milk.
This just made my day :)

Goddamn this site has gone to shit
/r/Eyebleach 
r/mademesmile
At first, baby is amazed then mommy is too. 
This makes my heart so happy. Waiting for my baby to wake up so we can play! 
That's sweet. :)
He looks like a very happy baby.
That’s just about the happiest thing ever!
This made me smile. Take my upvote 
This is adorable!!!
This the best thing I've seen today! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Warns my heart
Absolutely adorable!
Oh man I just want to hug him 😍
Well this is just precious. 
[deleted]
He handled that much better than the little girl whose dad had a twin.
Is it weird that the mom's happiness pulls my heartstrings more than the baby's?
I think this is the cutest thing I've seen in a very very long time! Thanks for posting! It made my heart swell...
Adorable baby. 
Under his eye
This is a 20 on the 1-10 Adorable Scale!!! AWW!
I've never sat down and thought of having kids but its videos like this that inspire me, so cute.😍😍
This is the most precious post of 2019 thus far. Can we just end the year now on this high note?
100% pure unadulterated adoration of mommy, and baby.  My youngest just started college and I am sooo envious of this young mother and the beautiful years that are ahead of her. 
That smile at the beginning made my day... what am I saying ... my month! Thanks for sharing. 

Edit: Typo
Nice. 

That phone just got parental-psychology related to it. 
That moment when object permanence starts firing inside your brain...
I was waiting for the mom's twin to lay on the other side until I realised this is about the phone frontal cam :P. 
awe oh my goodness this is soo cute
Lmao!
I will never forget the first time my son laughed at me so hard he lost his binky. It’s burned into my brain. It’s a beautiful thing. 
Awwwww! 
Mind.Blown.
So sweet!
Just made my day 
I thought I was immune to baby-fever 😳
My son has this same onesie!!
Baby fever is very real and I have it 
Sooooooo frickin cute
Adorable! How old is this baby? I have a 3 week old and I can't wait to have these sorts of interactions.
This made me smile ear to ear. Even on a bad day. Love it.
The expression on that baby is so genuine. Made my day. 
This baby is incredibly aware and intelligent! 
This is why I love babies and can't wait until I'm old enough to have one (but I'll have to since I understand how big of a responsibility they are)
This made me want a baby 
Omg this is the best and just made my day. ❤❤❤ 
This whole thread makes me so sad I dont have one of my own yet. But I get to watch other kids daily learn new things, and I get to teach a bunch of spunky 3 year olds. So I guess I still win. 
I want a kid

You should make small video clips of him everyday and save it on a harddrive and gift him when he turns 18
My son has just started recognising our reflection in the mirror too.
They really bring so much wonder and joy! :D
Goddam that’s a cute kid
Omg that's too friggin cute
I wish there was sound!
This may be the sweetest thing on the internet. They just won 2019!
My ovaries are *SCREAMING!*
amazing
[deleted]
I don't get the description. English is not my first language but I think my level is pretty good. Why two??
This is getting out of hand! Now there are ***TWO*** of them!
🤣🤣🤣
Am I the only one who thought she's going to pan the camera to her wife? 

I completely forgot that selfie camera on phones is a thing. 
God I never want kids but this makes me come soooooo close to changing my mind lol
Where is the sound?
I don’t want kids but this is definitely making my ovaries feel things. 
That was the cutest thing ever!!
I love this!!! But it needs sound!! I know this baby is laughing that super cool giggle all babies have 
I want sound!!! Cute baby lol.
My nephew grew up seeing me over skype since i live in a different state. When i finally flew over, he stare at me the whole entire time in disbelief
This is so cute 
Cutest thing I've seen in years. Made my day. So beautiful.
This is one of the sweetest things I've ever seen. Like...help. My brain is broken.
Momage á trois.
Use me as ohhh that’s sweet button
I love this!
My daughter is almost two, I'm seriously missing days like this. Makes me want another like now! 😭 (But I can't)
Currently pregnant and just found out we are having a little not. Watching this video made me tear up. It makes all the pain and sickness of pregnancy worth it, knowing I'll get to see a little smile like that someday soon.
I wish there was sound! Cute vid!
Ughhhh this baby is so precious! I can’t handle it. 😍
Oh no. Now I want a child.

Nononononono.
So a baby gets 100k upvotes but all these other dogs and cats (which imo are cuter) barely get a couple thousand? Smh. 

Edit: maybe I should put a \s
My dumbass thought the mom was a lesbian and there was gonna be another mum on the right side 
I think we all forget this, but smartphones are literally magic.
That mad my cake day so much better, thank you op
Omfg! That’s all. I am having a hard time focusing. 
Gif gets better every rewatch.
I want one
Aaaannnd now I want another baby 
Oh my lanta!!!
That's a really beautiful woman
What an ugly fucking turtle
Double Love. 
Hahaha babies are so stupid! 
The look on the little one's face in the thumbnail image captures the moment perfectly!
This is awesome!
Makes you wonder how there is hate in the world.  If there is one thing we have in common it is love.  
Kids are just the best 
Okay why am I crying
This makes me almost want a baby. almost.
This is the most adorable thing I've seen in a while
This so damn pure & adorable. ;_;
I love this. My baby girl is intrigued by selfies too
Needed a dose of goodness... Thanks for making me smile
Woah...WOAH...WOAAAHHHH So much love for you both ❤️
omggggg 😩😍
What a darling!!!
The ice cube in my chest just melted.
that babies reaction at the end is my reaction when my gf calls and offers to bring me food
[/r/thatsreallycute
](https://i.imgur.com/17K4tjM.jpg)
How he reaches for his mom's arm so cute
The thing that makes me feel the anaolite best in the world is when my son is happy. A big smile playing or just happy 

I HATE upsetting him, but has to be done sometimes as a parent and breaks me.
[removed]
There is so much beauty in the world. Thank you for reminding me of that OP. I needed that today. 
I don’t understand the title 
Is that Elisabeth Moss?
This took me a hot minute to understand.
yes two cute mommy
This is how you teach your kids that you have superpowers. Teach early. Teach often! :) 
Omg I never had smiled so hard. This makes me want a kid now just because of this. 
This makes me want to be a mommy
I un-upvoted this just so I could upvote it again!
I was expecting the phone to drop on the baby’s face.... I’m sick... send help pls
I didn't want a baby until now
And ANOTHER ONE in this *doesn't know shape yet*?!
Reminds me of this gif:

https://m.imgur.com/gallery/Qusqko8
Lol, this reminds me of the baby who saw her father’s twin brother for the first time.
I love this 💗
This made my 2019. So cute, thanks for sharing. 🤗
This is beyond adorable! Thank you for sharing your precious child with us. 
Pretty mom
Aww I love this!

This made my day!
One of the most beautiful videos on the internet. Happiness at it's best. 
Beautiful; a real bond between mother and child!
That is so freaking adorable! 
I don’t have any kids yet but seeing wonderment on a child’s face is always the best thing. It’s something I look forward to.
That is too precious!  Such surprise on his face!
I’ve had 3 of these little miracles in my life and that look of love between momma and baby still melts my old shriveled up heart. The answer to the question, “why are we here?” is different for everyone, but for me, this gif sums it up pretty handily. It’s love. Pure, selfless, love.
That's a smart baby to even recognize that. 
Omg so flippin cute!
This is so pure 
Yo this is the cutest fuckin shit I’ve ever seen
Someone's downvoting in the comments
This is really beautiful. It makes me cry. I love babies. 
I tried this trick when I had a new kitten.. was much less cute and much more freaking the f out and scratching me.

that is literally the cutest thing ever <3
This is the most adorable thing I've seen in a long time
I feel like I don't even deserve to see anything this wholesome
r/bettereveryloop
Lol too cute 
Omg this is the cutest thing I've seen in a long time!
Too cute
Kids are precious...
This calmed me down before my exam.
Thanks mommy and baby. 
Goddammit. My ovaries grew back.
Cute kid 
Had a bad day 
 
Feeling sad

Then I saw awe and smiles

Happy, Happy world

Now feeling glad

Thank you this might be the best thing I’ve seen all day!
This kid's never seen a mirror?
r/youseeingthisshit
He looks just like his mommy
This vertical video gets a pass, but only this one time.
Wow now that’s cute.
I was expecting vomit to come out of his mouth and into mommy's face. 
Adorable!
Man I can’t wait until my boyfriend accidentally gets me pregnant. 
I want experience pure joy like this baby 
Aww
Aww!
This got me thinking of my nephew when he was a toddler... would just fuck around with him in my arms for hours. Now he's 16 and a spoiled little shit. 
Omg, favorite thing on the internet atm. 
It reminds me of my 4 month old baby (19 months now). Makes me regret of the times i didn't spend with her :( 
Man this warms my cold, dark soul. The looks on both of their faces! I'm gonna go call my momma 
This is making me teary eyed. My little boy looks at me and smiles so big and it literally is the best feeling in the whole world.
Reminds me of my own drunken nights out. What's in that pacifier?
:D Thank you for this
This right here is why people have kids. It's so much work, but so much fun, and that just raw joy and passion for life is infectious!
[deleted]
Not odd. Just. Don't  know
the girl is purrrty 😍
I was best friends with this mother back at my old company! 
Oops... *drops phone*
I am in love with this cute guy. 
can some one post the original link with audio please?
I was expecting another twin to show up and confuse him. 
I'm saving this post for a rainy day when I need a good laugh.  That little guy's mind is blown! 
Young babies are FASCINATED WITH FACES. I  LOVE baby laughter! I can be having a day from hell & then hear a young baby like the one above let out a big ol' belly laugh & instantly my heart is lighter & the terrible day doesn't seem as terrible. When my oldest daughter was about 4 mos. old, she would burst into peals of laughter whenever I'd sing, "John Jacob Jingleheimer Schmidt", especially at the end
 when you go- "NaNa Na Na Na NaNa!" She also might've been laughing at the face I was making.

Omg!!!...super cute!!!
Yea, I know of a kid at my old school who does the same, weird thing is he's 15. Shows how some people think I guess.
Lol to cute.
Does that mean she’s lesbian? Sorry i’m really tired and can’t even understand why i have a name
