The best part of a house party is finding the pup 
I mean everyone is standing awkwardly with their phone. I too would rather play with the dog
Let's put lasers on but also every mood ruining house light on as well! You wouldn't want to actually *enjoy* the lasers now would you?
Lol I’m the same way. I went to a new year party last year and I spent most of the night outside with their dogs playing fetch. No regrets lol. 
Couple of years ago at a halloween party, I stumbled into my friend’s bedroom (drunk as a skunk) to use her bathroom because the other, main one was being used.

Upon the bed was a fluffy cat. I went and used the bathroom, and when I was done I laid on her bed to play with the cat.

About 30 minutes later a couple friends also stumbled into her bedroom, looking for me, and found me playing with the cat.

Then we all played with the cat together, until more people stumbled in and also joined the playing-with-the-cat party.

He was super cool too, not afraid of the loud music and all the people. Just wanted some scritches and to play with his catnip-filled mouse. We were all entertained for about an hour.
This is why I have a dog and a cat who thinks he is a dog. At any social gathering I sacrifice the pets to people who kinda want to be there but don’t want to be social. Go love on my pets, they will tell you how starved for attention they are.
Seems like a better time than standing around and staring at your phone with a cup in your hand.
"Who's a good boy?"

"YOU'RE A GOOD BOY!"
The dog IS the party.

&#x200B;
To be fair it looks like a dead ass party. The dog is definitely the better option compared to joining the people just standing around in the kitchen looking at their phones

Oh, that’s me every houseparty with a dog ever 
This entire post: OMG that's totally me! 
Yeah.  Me every time. Dog or cat.  Makes no difference.
I once entirely ignored a crowd of people who showed up at a party I was at because they brought a corgi and the corgi decided he wanted to lick my face.
That is literally me at every party I go to that has a dog.  I usually leave not knowing more than half the people there, but the dog and I have become best buds!
I love how the dog is laid all the way back with a paw over them like “you’re going to stay and hang out with me, right?” 
*ahhhh-* ***booop!***
Out of topic, sorry but that is a very god damn boring party
I'd honestly just spend time with a dog in a party than with people. 
I was invited to a Friendsgiving hosted by my husband's coworkers and I spent 80% of the time outside playing with their two dogs and our husky that they invited over to play with their two dogs.  I really only came in to eat stuffing and pie.

&#x200B;

Felt bad 10% of my 80% of the time out in that yard, it was one of my favorite days ever

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
[deleted]
Juul in her hand  🤔
This NYE we had a house party with 3 dogs. Being alone during NYE has never been so easy.
Honestly looks like they were having more fun than the rest of the party.
Anyone knows the song name? 
Yup, that would be me. Dogs, cats, any animal,  I will immediately gravitate towards them.

&#x200B;
Op where did you get this video? This is my friends apartment haha.
I do not miss these parties
This is what I was at every party.  Now that I'm a veterinarian, and I see dogs every day, I don't need to go to parties any more.
1 girl 10 guys. This is definitely real... 
Why is there always a brown couch with some kind of flag over the couch at college parties? 
Well isn't it the point of a party? To find the dog?
Someone who really knows how to have a good time at a party.
/r/13or30/

&#x200B;
That’s nice and all but word of warning. Never stick your face into a dogs face that you don’t own. 
YO IT'S PAT!
It’s a good boi
The dog is like.... uh.... a little space please?
Found the introvert. 
Maybe i'm being harsh, but this party looks incredibly boring. I'd rather be hanging out with the dog too. 
I went to a Halloween party back a couple months ago and I was dressed as a playboy. Someone brought their really young puppy and as I was just chilling in a lounge chair, they put the puppy on my chest. Now the puppy fell asleep and I was drinking and petting the puppy in a puppy voice and one of my friends came up and said "You drunk?"

I replied "Nah, I'm a playboy, all the bitches love me."

I probably was drunk.
I'm always that dude.  We went to a Christmas Party last weekend thay had 7 dogs :) and a puppy :)
I wouldn’t know if this was me since I’ve never been invited to any house parties 
You can actually see the "WHOS A GOOD BOY" 
Just one of the guys 
I stayed at a hotel in a small town in the mountains where we celebrated New Year. They had five rescued dogs...I think you can imagine how that went...
The introvert's solution to surviving a house party --> BEFRIEND THE DOG :)
Party looks pretty lame 
That looks like a lame ass party
Better then staring at your phone like everyone else. Lame party lol.
I love playing with the animals at parties.  My friend has a setter that is just the most fun dog.  Get a little buzz on, and play with the dog if the vibe sucks.  
Found the introvert. Just kidding, the introvert is in the bathroom.
Party looks dead turn out the lights
Man, I’m glad my high school/college days were back when cell phones weren’t smartphones.   

It just looks depressing now. 
This would soooooo be me....lol
Me. Every. Single. Party. Find the dog or cat ignore the people.
Is that a sword or sheath?
Can relate. Dogs are usually the best people I meet at parties
Quavo & Lil Baby - Lose It
The dog doesn't look that happy
I've always say I usually hate parties unless there's a dog or cat there too. 
"who are you and why did you wake me from my nap?"

-Dog probably
That dog is looking at her like "hooman, you are so fucking drunk"
Boy that music sucks
[deleted]
wE dOn't deSeRve dOgs

awwwwwwful subreddit
Good lord, is that how kids party these days? Pityful
Finder of the gold.
Definitely dog > lights on laser "party"
meet a yellow lab, they are like the stoners of dogs, chill with everybody, happy to be noticed
You can tell when a dog is enjoying your company. 
What song is that?
> going to parties 

> if going to parties not being afraid of the dog 

absolutely not me irl 
Animals > humans
Totally me
This is me in a nutshell! I usually play with the dog/cat at a party.
Went to someone's housewarming a few months ago. They had a 4 month old puppy, our other buddy had a brand new 8 week old puppy, and another friend brought his 3 year old dog. My buddy's fiance and I literally spent the entire night playing with the three dogs while everyone else was playing beer pong and all sorts of stupid shit. Best party I've ever been to.
https://www.theonion.com/least-popular-guy-at-house-party-really-hitting-it-off-1819575855
Come on we all know that the dog is the most important part of the party.
Id rather be doing that than talking to people who ask me to repeat myself cuz they are on their phones.
Me IRL
Song name anyone?
I'd love to say that I've outgrown this, but I've always been more comfortable around animals than I am people.  I have gotten to where I can converse with just about anybody, but really... I prefer the dog.  LOL

Tf is with the gay ass "music"? 
Priorities. I'd do the same.
Dogs are a party are the best thing for introverts like me. 
That looks like such a shit party. Majority of people standing there looking at their phones. What’s the point of even going to a party if you gonna do that. Just stay home 
That’s a solid mutt right there, and with all the lonely dude-bros id be right there stroking that good good boy 

Edit: minus points for the Vape, but still performing admirably compared to the other party-goers 
I also choose this party's dog.
It's not like she is being any more anti-social than ever other person in the party cause they all have their phones out.  
Spent 12 hours at a party off my nut throwing the house doggo his red rubber bone. Lost all sanity but no regrets
Had a bunch of friends over recently and everyone showered my cat in love and affection. She was passed around like a collection basket in church. She was euphoric the entire time.
She gonna get laid
Not going to lie, if I'm at someone's house for a gathering and I heard they have a cat or a dog, I'm low key hunting it out all night until I find it.
You mean any situation that you find the dog. 
Everyone was on their phones. That party looked lame anyway. 10/10 would hang out with the pupper over those boring ass people. 
I went to family’s for xmas (iactually like them a lot, so i was very happy to be there) and they have a border collie named Shadow.

He’s pretty much a friend to me. Even though i had fun with the family, i spent like 75% of the party with Shadow.


This me. 
[deleted]
Me at every party!
r/notmeirl

I don't go to parties, probably because I don't like people.
She needs a boyfriend, or a dog.  The dog, choose the dog.
That don't even look like a party -.- no wonder he playin with the dog.
I lived in a frat house during college. Which meant we threw massive parties for a small eastern ky town, like 2-300 people in a 8 bed room house. 

Anyhow I had a full blooded border collie that I rescued. Chick magnet. I would just let him run loose during our parties and get boops from everyone.
Seems like she is one of the two people in there who's actually having fun tho.
She moves like a character from sims
Yeah that's basically me

Cause I barely know anyone at the party

I never got invited to a party

Can I pet a dog now thanks
Am I just old or does this party look super fucking lame? Except the dog party on the couch. I'm into that...
Also how to find the coolest person in the room.
I have never found anything on the internet that I identify with as strongly as I identify with this video.
Everyone using their phones, glad in my times everyone were joking/kissing each other. 
i like how hes casually holding his juul as he pets the dog 
Poor dog just trying to bury his head in the couch to drown out that shit music. 
Are you sure this is a party? It looks a lot like a bus stop to me.
jesus christ that looks like an awful party
That looks like a really boring party
I’d much rather play with the goodest boy than some awkward people I’ve never met nor will ever see again
This has been me for as long as I can remember: 

Toddler: drool on the dog, share some of its food.
Child: play tag with the dog.
Teenager: get drunk and wrestle with the dog.
Young adult (today): cuddle with the dog, make sure drunk friends are okay, and dog has food, water, and has been let out to pee.

When I was growing up, we couldn’t have dogs at our rental, so I would fall asleep petting and cuddling my imaginary dog. 

Now that I’m 26, I live on a farm and have my own dogs to cuddle, and they’re the cuddliest dogs I’ve ever known. I wake up in a lifelong dream every day because of those goons. Remembering that quashes my existential worries in a heartbeat.
This is a social anxiety thing big time,  we talk about this a bunch. I don’t even want to go to parties.  UNLESS.  There are animals, cats iguanas, llamas, dogs:  doesnt matter!
Christ that music...
Yeah that’s me    
Poop
Why does that person look so little?
In Pakistan, my husband says there is no such thing as a party. If you say party, it means dinner party. There is something false about gathering to drink. I love dogs. This party was going to the dog. 
HUMAN: Who's a good boy

DOG: Call the police.......this bitch is nuts
On New Years Eve I went to a party that had eight dogs. No party will ever top that.
I saw about 2-3 people on the phone so obviously not a lot is happening.
Hell, that's me pretty much anywhere there is a dog.
Guy or girl petting the dog. You be the judge...
[removed]
That party looks like shit.
Would relate more on a social level with the dog.
Lol everyone’s on there phone it seems anyways so might as well play with the doggo
I use to do this and everyone would tell the owner that it I was molesting their dog. And I was. 
Makes me very fortunate that my "house party hayday" was before the smart phone era. None of these kids seem like they're having any fun. Too distracted.
Can Reddit just ever let people enjoy things, or does it always have to be a cesspool of armchair vets, people talking about how much the music sucks, or judging everyone’s social life based on a clip short enough to be on vine?

Fuck off already, yikes
Why do Americans put their flag fucking everywhere?!?
It looks like they're having a better time than anyone else too
Hahaha that dog is so cuteeeee
Stoner with his vape and dog.

Best place at the party 
I would go just for the doggo.
Every house party with a dog I've been to, majority of the group is gathered around the dog. And the dog is in heaven from all the attention. I wish I was the only one with a dog. 
we found the introvert
Every Introvert Ever.
Dogs are kinda better company than people
Yuengling on the coffee table.  Upvote
Parties are so weird.. are those people just standing around?? 
Dont matter, but is that a chick or a dude playing with the dog? 
Jesus American party's look awful. No craic whatsoever. They're all standing there on their phones.
/r/SwordOrSheath
For me it would be the cat. 

Listen down voters I am not ashamed to be a cat lover. 
Lol every introvert who's been dragged along's idea of heaven....theres a dog!!!!
I like dogs way more than I like most people so I'm down.
That's me, but with cats. 
I feel attacked
Old people n animals. 
Looks like she is the only one having fun
She's having way more fun than anyone else there lol
I'm almost 49, and I still do this.  One day I'll be shuffling into parties using a walker and I'll immediately seek out the dog and hang out there until I (probably) doze off.  Didn't you ever wonder why old folks put tennis balls on the feet of their walkers?  To attract the dogs!
I met my bf’s dad this past weekend and sadly, I was probably more attentive to his dogs. WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO DO?
Yeah you can be at a party anytime but not with a nice animal.
Literally me
Me. Usually greet the pets before the people.
Looks like a boring party, I’d be chilling with the dog too. 
This is a party..?
Yep. That’s me.
Reminds me of a party I had at a friend's. I spent a reasonable amount of time in a deck chair outside as his dog fell asleep on my lap.
I would do the same and considering the "party" she's got the right idea.
As a classic introvert this is the only way I have fun at parties...
Thats me. 100%.
Me
Yep, das me at every party.
easy to find the person actually enjoying the party. "youre a goodboy, yes you are."
“You said there would be bitches at this party, bro!”
Is that a... a JUUL!
Super👍
Marry that woman.
This person I relate to ... Love animals 🙂 
There's a house we always go to to unwind after a club and they have the biggest dog. He's a pitbull/bulldog mutt and he's massive. 100lbs of cuddles and farts. He gets all the pets and scratches from everyone. 
Ill be at a party where everyone is high and drunk (i dont do either i just think its fun to see what crazy shit people on weed have to say) and ill just pet their dog and talk to people 
This is usually people who grew up wanting pets but their parents never let them have pets.

So myself pretty much. I love petting and loving dogs but growing up poor af I could never actually have a dog so I would spend hours meeting friends just playing with their pets and petting them until they were sick of me. 
This is me at every party with dogs. 
That's me
I have a pug and our house parties are basically "when is it my turn to play with the pug."
Every time.  Even best friends can not hope to get my attention over a pup.  
I can relate
Me every time lol
EVERY party I go.... If there is a dog in the house, playing with it will be the rest of my night. Just can't resist.
Fuck everyone else when I see a dog at a party I fucking make sure he/she knows it's a good dog
Good for them, this looks like a terrible party anyways..
Wheres the party?
That dog looks terrified. 
Of course it's a dude wearing a baseball cap inside lmao
Hey look, it's me!
Totally relate 
When the LSD hits is more like it haha

&#x200B;
Someone is making the best connection of the night...Money is on this person.
What a lil baby dog
“Party”
This was me at New Years Party
i love how their holding a juul while petting the dog lol
What kind of "party" is this? Jesus christ
That is me every time.
Went to my wife's company Christmas party which was hosted by one of her co-workers.  It was a family friendly party, so a bunch of people had brought their kids.  The hosts also had 3 big, very loving, but very poorly behaved dogs.  They don't do anything to train them besides yell at them from across the room.  Things quickly got a bit nuts as the dogs started chasing the kids and stealing food from people's plates.  My wife's friend and I spend the remainder of the party giving the dogs belly rubs in the sun room, closed off from the rest of the guests.  Best work party I've ever been to.  Every 20 minutes or so, my wife would bring me a snack or refresh my beer and everyone was much happier, especially me.
Love how he’s got one hand on the dog, the other on the juul
Good to see radford represented in the video lmao. 
I have never seen a video that I have related to so completely.
Anybody know what kind of speaker that is? Shit looks so dope & I’m a sucker for RGB.
The dog doesn´t seem too comfortable tho. He´s like "ok dude I get it, nice to meet you too. Now just let me continue with my nap please"
ITT: People who don’t understand what a pre-game is
This is why I only date dogs
Drunk people a dogs best friend.
That's a party?
I like how the dog holds a paw against the person's chest. Like "Dude, I need my space, please".
my boy even got the juul in his hand
I'll just grab the first baby I see. They're so awesome.
She looks like shes having more fun than anyone else!
I've done this a couple times! I'm not really a people person but love me some dogs (not that way you sick people!). Hate being dragged to shit but always a huge plus when there's a doggo to hang with.
Not gonna lie... Totally me. And probably most of us here.
This is me. 
That's me whenever there's a cat at the party. 
I would do that. I love dogs, and Im generally not too fond of people
That's much more fun than the actual party.
That is exactly me at parties
Helps if you're rolling.
Are those Christmas laser lights inside? Those things blind me enough when I'm walking down the driveway.
Definitely looks like they're having the most fun at that party
Hell yeah. 
that's where I would be
Two good bois
It’s funny cause I think she has a vape in her hand
r/killthecameraman
Is she straddling that dog 
Can’t tell if they’re a guy or girl
Went to a Halloween party last year.  Definitely spent most of the night sitting on the couch with her dog on my lap.  Pretty great party.  
Well would you look at that
Lame ass party
When you’re a dog trying to sleep and suddenly a happy human is in your face.
That passes as a party these days? Zombies looking down at their phones? Jesus we really did things different back in my day 
Is this the plot to she’s the man, but now infiltrated a fraternity? 

Seriously though I can’t tell if it’s a chick or dude petting the dog
Dogs are so much more pleasant and engaging than people.


Yoo dogs at parties are the shit, the ones that just chill with the people.
That's so me.
Dude must juul 
The dog always finds me...and I don't like dogs.
"Hey guys come over so we can play beer phones and whatever"
Looks like a ducking dead party
Most people who do this are just socially awkward 
Yeah
its the most exciting thing going on there.
u/alt-no-more
> idk wats goon on but i like it

- dog probably
this is so true
r/meirl
100% me
This is me I love animals 
That's an awkward ass party.
That party looked dumb anyway.
Is that a chance the rapper hat? Cmon guys 
SAAAMMEEE
Me irl
I went to an ex friends house and instead of most of the time sitting and gaming with them I just played with both his dogs.
Me.
I am also this person at parties. I would so rather mingle with the pets than the people. People suck, and large crowds make me anxious. Usually crowds make animals anxious, too, so we can usually just hang and calm each other down. It's nice. 
I'm sorry I've never been to a party but that looks dead as hell. Everyone is on there damn phones 
Maybe if the party wasn't so fucking lame... Even my kick backs in college would pop off more than that; they look like they're all milling around a DMV or something
My only reason for going to a party is the dog. 
I’m certainly no Ralph Lauren (aka Ralph Lypschitz by his given name) but I’d like to know where this party took place and what kind of community produces the fashion sense that this girl apparently has, or doesn’t have, as the case may be.  
Only 1 dancer per time plz!
He’s having the most fun there 
This would be me! 
This is absolutely me with cats at parties.
The best!!!! 
Probably some of the most stimulating connection they’ll get at that party. 
I'd be napping with that dog by 8:30pm
Lmao what a lame ass party

Well this looks like a party before teens realised alcohol exist. As awkward and uncomfortable as I remembered. Oh hey look a dog!
me everyday since i got a dog
I think its pretty selfish that people have parties and bump loud ass music, while making their pets suffer. Like this poor dog. 
Do kids really all go to parties and then stare at their phones?
thats a pretty lame party tbh
That party looks lame af
Is that a dood or a chic with a cap?
Awwwww :)
I've never related to anything more. A mood. 
I go to strangers hoise with friends and it just seems easier and less awkward to hang out with their pet than the stranger. 
Any gathering I'm at if there is any type of a animal, I'm done socializing something more important requires all of my attention
This is so wholesome lol 
The dog looks terrified
fucking weirdo
That’s me too. Dogs are perfect. 
Is that a guy or a lesbian?
does light in frige stay on?

True. Doesn’t mean it’s badly trained. Maybe just not trained at all. A lot of family dogs don’t really need to be trained they just know how to coexist with humans. Trained dogs usually have their own spot or crate to chill. But I think I saw the owner posted that that spot was actually intentionally made for the dog. 
> "Wow, dogs seem to really like you."

I get this a lot, and dogs do seem to like me, but I think it's mostly for reasons like this. People get together to have fun with other people, the dog will be hopping around and everyone's doing their best to ignore it. Not I, I *HAVE* to give the dog attention. The pupper will circle thru the group of people and everyone ignores it or gently shoos it away, until he circles back to me and gets all sorts of pets and attention again. It doesn't take many laps around the room for the dog to realize I'm the one who wants to play
Don’t let r/vexillology see that US flag...
 That’s so me right there🤣🤣🐶
I went to Ireland with my family a few years back. When we got to one of the places we were staying, I saw they had a couple dogs. I ended up staying outside and playing ball with them for a good half hour
Ha ha ha, I do that.
This is me 100%
This is legit me 100%
Having more fun than anyone else there I bet 
I have a big crush on that human. The dog is beautiful as well.
Why is there a 12 year old at a house party?
That person is all of us. 
That dog was thinking ,Are we going to do this or not ? Blueballs ain't my friend.
This was me at my girlfriend's family's house for Christmas... lol
Pat???
Me
Every time I'm somewhere socially, I look for a dog to hang out with.
Omg yesssss
"Oh okay, you cute devil! One more time!"
The only real reason to go to a party...
That looks like a girl I used to work with named Chelsea. She used to make me laugh SO HARD and was a genuinely beautiful person. 

I miss her!
I hate when I walk into a house party and every damn light is turned on.  Of course people retreat to their phone or a nearby pet - it beats being examined under hospital lighting.
Pretty dead party already if you ask me
I did that multiple times in college with various fraternity mascots.  

Doesn't sound right, but it's the truth.  
my dogs would get scared of the bass D:
Holy shit, my parents have that couch!
Leans in for eye contact and says in that special voice reserved for dogs and babies: "you're handsome and perfect.. *leans back, pets, leans in again* yes you are!"
New username , woo
Haha
Pass the juul bro VN
I've only seen a couple videos like this, but anyone have more?

Pooch is surprised and pleased to have the adoring attention!
Watch on mute
I invited a girl over to my house one night after work and I ended up being the third wheel to her and my cat.  Afterwards, when I saw her at work, she would always ask me how my cat was doing. 
That would be me cause I have two pup at home but later on would go meet and great with other people 
Classic use of the Juul
Respect to the one person in the kitchen throwing shapes and trying to get something that resembles a party going 
So true on many levels
Heres a [game](https://grey2scale.itch.io/pet-the-pup) all about doing just this.
Rubbing elbows with strangers at party is overrated. 
The only appropriate way to handle being around other people.
That's just the best. Anytime you go to someone's house and they have a dog, it's the best thing in the world.  And as a cat lover as well, I'm always happy to be in an animal lovers home.
Yeah but this party also looks kinda lame
Haha that’s me! 
I've been that guy. Many times.
Dogs are way better than people sometimes. I don’t blame her. 
looks like a shit party why they got the rave lights going with the lights on 
It me. 

If there is a dog, a baby, a toddler, or a young child in the room I will be 1000% more interested in hanging out with them than with any of the adults, thanks.
i relate too mich too this
This whole comment section is a circle jerk of people making each other feel better for being socially awkward

There’s nothing wrong with being socially awkward but jeez...the top comment is someone claiming they literally spent the majority of a New Years party playing with the dog in the yard. Most people would think you’re an asshole for coming to a party you’re invited to and not interacting with the other members of your species there
No big dog for me I like little dogs
A Juul and a pup
Greedy bastard, keeping the doggo to themself
Best thing of this party was a dog. 
Jesus I can relate so badly! Nothing like cuddling the dog at a party xD
Best party everrr!
Love that it’s the clear stoner kid who is playing with the dog
That moment when even the dog leaves you and you're sitting there awkwardly because you were too boring friend for actually everybody in the party.
Me... Everytime... Dammit...

WHO'S A GOOD BOY! 
*goes back to playing with dog*
Credit: _shutupmeg/twitter
Me when I’m stoned at a party instead of drunk 
Even if the dog ignores me as much as the people do, I will still choose the dog.
No phone, not awkwardly standing around, actually moving to music, this is the life of the party right here ladies and gentlemen. 
that's usually the lonely person who doesn't know anyone
My hero.
Dogs thinking get your drunk friend away from me
[Relevant Gemma Correll.](https://c1.staticflickr.com/8/7026/6425407653_b8d15f8963_z.jpg)
Hey I’m just getting back from my car I have a car that you have a lot for you I have no proof 
I love the fully lit room, with a light show. 
Best company in the house.
Me at every social gathering 
Introverts unite!
It me. 
dog was like " who da fuq iz you??
The dog looks like the most interesting person there.
100% me
That's my kind of person.  
I’m on the same page with this I love dogs! but I find people have this arrogant aloofness about being “the cool one who hangs out with dogs at a party cuz I’m a dog person and I love dogs and you don’t” it’s almost like a weird arrogance thing. Kinda like when a girl says she only hangs out with boys cuz she doesn’t like drama. It’s a “I’m better than you thing” random niche pet peeve of mine.
Hey I know this girl 
The one time I drank a four lokos was the closest I ever came to being blackout drunk. I think i only had one... but i might have drank maybe part of someone else’s. 

But i was a very responsible drunk though. Even... uh if i made poor choices when i was sober. Anyways, i wound up hanging with people I barely knew because the person i came with bailed on me. ...I swear girls are the worst wingmen... never go drinking with girls they suck and are selfish and irresponsible as hell... 

Anyways... i made sure to stick with the people i barely knew because they knew where I parked my car before i went to the parties with them. So we bounced from party to party... and i was struggling to even walk at that point it was really annoying that they dragged me around like that. But I recall going to a house and they hung out with their friends and I just flopped down to the nearest seat and pet their dog the whole time. It was literally all i could functionally do at that point. 

Eventually I crashed at their place while they had sex in the other room. They were ex’s and the girl, as usual, got drunk and thirsty. But to be fair they were nice enough to let me crash on their couch. The next day he drove me back to my car and I drove home. 

I learned two things that night... 1) never drink a fucking four loko... although they changed their formula anyways so thats good. And 2) don’t go to parties when someone else is driving and you don’t know the area very good. Because it sucks hard when you’re piss drunk, you don’t know where your car is, and you barely know where you are and you’re at the mercy of someone else taking care of you. Thats a scary place to be... even if things turned out alright, it could have easily not. 

There was a couple other times i got almost that drunk in college but i was at least able to walk home. I tell you what though, when you’re drunk and you’re walking home at night... it feels like you’re fucking walking the oregon trail... i swear. It takes 6 months... someone gets dysentery... you have to wade rivers... its crazy. 

So my advice is, just don’t get that fucking drunk. But if you are, at least do it at home and no where else. 
That is me af
Dear boy)))
Good boy)))
Its not a party without the Dawg. 
That's me, I simply gravitate towards the soul that acknowledges me and is happy with my attention. 
Is that a huge couch or a small person with a huge dog
The dog made it the party imo
All dogs score at a party. It's a known fact.
Every time! Dogs are the best 
Putting your face near a stranger’s dog like that is how you get your face bitten.
Are you kidding me? This individual and dog are the only two at that 'party' interacting with another living being in person.
Dog:"do I know you?"
I had that same shirt till I went to the last Gallagher show and got water melon and cake smashed all over it. Ducking good times. 
This is the *best* person at this party. 

And they found the *best* goodboy to be with.
That is the lamest house party I've ever seen.
That’s me for sure
Me everytime. Also with the cat if he's friendly. 
me, every time. 
r/meirl 
Wow, the youth of today throws shitty parties.
Lol the juul in her hand.
[There's a game of this.](https://grey2scale.itch.io/pet-the-pup)
This is me when I go to anyone's house, especially family lol
How tf does a dog have more game than me
the doggie is the main attraction, man! 
Comforting the poor dog having to listen to that cacophony. 
This is SO me!  No human would be as unconditionally loving as the dog will.  Aww <3
Damn this is a sad ass party, everyone's on their phones. Please tell me they're playing kahoot or something 

Edit: kahoot
When you make a creative meme and post it to r/memes but then someone reposts a picture that they probably found on Instagram and gets Silver and 43K upvotes
You can tell she wants the D (o g)
Punky Brewster crashin the party...
That dog has a concerned look on its face.
Haha this is literally me... screw people ill just go play with the dog!
That’s me 
yoiu mean when your the party and someone sees you
Me as fuck. 
Ok. I'm old and have become cautious in my old age, I guess.  I just want to say that I really hope this person knows this dog, because this is a great way to get bit in the face. Yes, this is cute, and I love dogs way more than people but being weird right up in a dogs face while extra and unusual stimuli is happening all around is not smart. Ok, lecture over. 
Dog vape
No shame in that at all. That’d be me everything time!
This is so me 
They are living the dream
Totally me 
For all you people saying "this is me". That is a damn lie. None of you ever been to a party.
R/furry_irl 
wats that song name shits fire
That’d be me. No doubt 
What song was playing?
All those shit bags are on their phones. The most engaging conversation you're going to have is with that pooch. Good for her! 
Doing this to a dog you don’t know seems like a great way to get snapped at and bit in the face
This is exactly me at every party. I'm so awkward but dogs love me. I used to get wasted. Now I look for the dog.
And everybody is texting each other because they’re too awkward for a face to face conversation. 
With that garbage music, that ain’t no party. 
U gotta give credit to the person u stole dat from
That would be me.
I would do the same.
Dog was like, leave me alone bitch. Leave me alone in peace
How could you not be a part of the party with that jam playing. Inspiring shit
absolutely.
The doggo is unsure, I senses danger.
He short af
Sometimes the best conversation is with the dog. 😊
This was me whenever I visited my gfs parents. They were some simple life sorta folk who I could never really hold a conversation with. Tried to tell her dad once that the big ants we see swarming in the summer are queens looking to brood, and he was like “Nope, there is only one Queen.” I tried to explain to him that there is typically only one queen per nest but usually every year they give birth to new queens who swarm, mate and looking for a new place to make a nest of their own, but he wouldn’t hear it. 

So then I started playing with the dog. Now that dog is dead and I don’t visit them anymore. I have no dog to make me look too preoccupied for their shit. 
That is so me!
Hardly a party lol
To be fair, that party seemed lame. Almost everyone was on their phone. I would kick it with the dog, too. 
This is good material
Over here.
This is both my wife and I. 

Is it sad we love dogs more than humans? 
House party, Juul, people standing around but not talking to each other on their phones...yep this a high school party
As a person who goes to one of the top party schools, I can confirm this is exactly how parties look minus the doge
I like how the song goes "life of the party" right as the camera goes to the most lit person at the party.
Totally me at friends, family, customers homes.   I immediately go to the dogs.
Omgggg 😍😍
yea that would be me
Lmao "party"
D
Looks like a boring ass party anyway
Now that's a star of the party
almost every party I've been too thats mostly strangers I'd rather hang with the dog and whoever else finds the dog.  I struggle to talk to humans for 10 minutes and then find someone covered in fur who isn't wrapped up in bullshit.
 It's as if someone perfectly captured my essence and distilled into a gif
This thread is like 200 comments of people saying the same fucking thing. PLEASE LET ME READ SOMETHING DIFFERENT, ILL TAKE ANYTHING!
looks like they are having a 1 on 1 party. 
That's me.  Well, it would be me if I found a friendly dog at a party...
Sounds about right.
Lol that’s something I would do too funny

Not cool to call a girl that
Doggo,.. Please
Is that you Devin?
Love has never been truer. 
I F T H I S A I N T M E
This is so me. Dog or cat 😊
Me af 
I got to parties TO look for dogs 
Me but it's anywhere I go regardless. If you think ok going on the concrete to pet dog, you damn right I am
Me every time! 
No offense but that party looks depressing.
😂😂
He picked the dog over the juul, so proud
This is me
me at my friends sleepovers (i want a dog)
The party animal. 
Then you get bit and want to sue. 
That's the only person who appears to be having fun.
I'm like 99% sure I know the girl with the dog. Is this PSU?
I love parties with pets. They are my excuse to be anti-social. 
You found the puppo!!!
And the dog was just trying to make it to the fridge and back to his room without anybody hassling him.
It me
I am unabashedly that person with all animals.
Hahaha!! This was literally me at my first ever house party last year.
r/me_irl
"Let's pretend we're all bored except that person and the dog, and post it on social media!" /cynicism
Snapchat recently showed me my NYE memories and there's a bunch of pictures from a party two years ago but almost all of them were of these baby chickens in the dudes garage. I musta spent 95% of that night petting chicks.
‘Twas me on New Years!
#same
I think that’s just her phone
The dog doesn't seem too excited by all the attention.
This dog looks like it's tired of the people at this party. I would feel the same way if someone was that close to my face.
He’s the only good boy there
I'd rather chill with a dog than stand staring at my phone
Best party ever.
Yesss. Says the extreme introvert.
Parties are awful. Being around other people is awful. She made the right decision.
ME
That's me. I see a puppo or doggy, imma pet da doggo or puppo! Unless they don't want to be touched, then I just admire the doggo or puppo from afar.
Leave it to the lesbian. lmao 
That party looks boring as hell. I'd be doing the same.
This looks like one of the most ~~tame~~ boring parties I've ever seen.
that is the deadest party with the worst music I've ever seen
That "party" looks boring as fuck 
Those kids are literally just standing and staring at their phones, so what party?
Damn that party is not lit 
Which one is the dog? All I see are a couple bitches
Fucking hell I wanna blow my brains out what kinda party is this garbage?
Looks who's having the most fun? It's a toss up between the dog and the cool cat playing with them.
That is SO me at parties! I used to take the dog out for a walk at my friend's parties. 
So me lol
Meee
And in that guy's defense that is a really shity party
