Or the Isle of Dogs poster
[deleted]
*looks at op*

Or hell in a cell, right?
For the love of god, someone with more talent than me make an Azkaban Wanted poster for this dog. I need it in my life!
Here you go: https://imgur.com/S0skGd6 edit: I have a little subreddit if you want to see some other drawings, r/AnthonyChristopherArt 
Rex Von Woofter

Wanted alive for the crime of destroying local constabulary Timothy Morton III’s trash heap!

Reward: 20 dollars
Poochyena!

[https://i.imgur.com/ap9OWNE.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/ap9OWNE.jpg)

&#x200B;
The Good Boy, The Bad Boy, The Ugly Boy
Boomer!
He looks like the real-life version of a mean cartoon dog. With all of the live-action remakes, Moose might have a future in Hollywood.
Bolts nemesis 
Red Dog Redemption
r/photoshopbattles
Pretty sure I saw this guy in a Pixar movie 
He has some fucking stories
He’s lookin’ for the small mailman and the one who smells of prunes.
This reminds me of Isle of Dogs!
I did this:

https://imgur.com/a/2xOEN1O
He’s uniquely awesome
What type of dog is Moose? He’s got a beautiful coat and a wonderful “smile”!
If Moose could talk, he would side mouth. 'Hey you there, I got bone to pick with you'... Clint Eastwood style. 
Kind of ruggedly handsome.  
[deleted]
I am smiling Susan! Take the damn photo already!
Isn't this the guy that wants to date Retsuko? 
Gmork from Never Ending Story.
Moose looks like what I imagined Sirius Black's animagus to look like. Hes beautiful 
r/redditgetsdrawn
Reminds me of Clint Eastwood.
Moose has seen some shit, you don’t fuck with the Moose. 
Greatest Dog pic of all time.
Why is every dog on the front page suddenly named Moose lol
Who's a wanted boah? 
Yes he is!
You mean, Mooth?
This looks like the dog in the back of the truck in Planes, Trains and Automobiles (with Steve Martin and John Candy and one frozen dog)
[deleted]
A three-legged dog walked into a saloon and said "I'm looking for the man who shot my paw."
He looks like a Crash Bandicoot villain. I love him!
if anything I’d say he’s an O’Driscoll
That's BOLT! The famous acting dog. 
That's Bolt
Moose looks like a Pixar’s anti hero
[It's high Moose! I drew your dog as a cartoon cowboy. Hope you like it!](https://imgur.com/a/NLScMGm)
Confused by lack of undertaker. 
I'm sure he's a good boy, but that dog looks evil af
Moose is an Australian Stumpy Tailed Cattledog right?
I wanna boop his snoot😍I can’t love this picture enough 
They call him moose due the severity of his war crimes
Moose robbed 12 banks in 1789 and he got away with every single one of them. 
 He belongs in my heart
Get that dog a bandana, stat. 
I want to smoosh his face.
Looks like he could a been a villain on Up!
Yes! Wanted in this household! He’s cuuute! 
He could double as one of the hyenas from Lion King
If this dog isn't used for movie posters or artwork, it would be a terrible waste.  What a uniquely good looking boy.
"I'm looking for the man that shot my paw..."
‘I come in peace. I didn’t bring artillery. But I’m pleading with you, with tears in my eyes: If you fuck with me, I’ll kill you all.’

-Moose
Snarls Barkley should be his name
Wanted: Moose
2,000 dog biscuits
Wanted for being a good boy and making mischief. 
May like belly rubs
He’s kind of the real life Boomer!
That should be a dog in Red Dead Redemption 2.  He's awesome!
He’s a Pixar villain
Aww! Maybe a military recruiting poster?
Beautiful boy 

Howdy 
Cattle dog! Ours looks like she's perma high and we love her. 
Hey Moosey <3
Wouldn’t wanna meet that guy in a dark alley. Lol
He should be a bodyguard for an innocent kitten 
[the Forest Whitaker eye](https://www.reddit.com/r/donaldglover/comments/8hs6ac/ok_and_then_you_give_him_the_forest_whitaker_eye/)
if you haven't yet.  go see "isle of dogs" now.
This has to become a meme.
Adorable
Or he's in the next Sin City movie.
Florida dog bites Florida man
My SO just looked at me like I lost my mind.  I’m in tears.  

I don’t know how his owner hasn’t died from laughter.  I’d never have a day without a smile. 
Hahahahaha a face only a mother can love.. 
He must have plummeted 16 feet through an announcers table after being thrown off hell in a cell.
Liar. That's a poochyena
He looks like the villain in a movie about talking dogs. 
Wanted:
Moose, the charcoal kid
 Bounty five treats and a belly rub
Looks like the tough guy dog in a cartoon movie that’s actually a big ol’ softie.
He looks like Alpha from Up. Except a different color palate version. 
He looks like a badass gnoll warrior.
Reminds me of isle of dogs looks like the best kinda boy 
Ummmm Moose looks cray.Just sayin.
FBI’s 10 most wanted.  Crimes against humanity, genocide, drinking out of the toilet 
Hogger?
My wife’s reaction: “How many packs a day does that dog smoke?”
Andy Serkis keeps one upping himself. 
This is chief from isle of dogs 
https://imgur.com/a/HGpSCkh
Wanted very very much.
Moose ain't messing around.
Looks like a dog, actually
[deleted]
That's some A-level mad doggin'.
Moose also looks like a wolf
Yo, you could make a fantastic Wes Anderson film with all the great animals you’re meeting. 
That’s Debo’s dog now!
Or a Disney cartoon lol
What's happened to his beautiful eye?
I want to be friends with this guy.
The baddest boi around 
Da Moose is LOOSE!!
I 💘 YOU MOOSE!!!
Bitches go crazy on that smile.
It reminds me of the mob hogger from wow. 
Yup.
Doggo: What are we having for dinner

Human: Hawaiian Pizza

Doggo:...
I love him. 
Looking at this made my day today. Thank you both 
That's a small moose. 
Ahrrr...fire on the poop deck!
This looks like the cover of an awesome action game about awesome dogs :)
Playtime is over, Star Fox! 
He looks like that dog from Isle of Dogs.
Reminds me of a dog from Isle of Dogs. I dont know which, but he reminds me of one.
That's Deebo!

[https://i.ytimg.com/vi/TUGU0McDzOg/hqdefault.jpg](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/TUGU0McDzOg/hqdefault.jpg)
Misanthrope?! I don't hate my fellow dog, even when he's tired and surly and tries to cheat at poker!
Hes so cute! He reminds me of the guy from Grownups. 💛
There’s always a tumbleweed nearby 
"I. am. not. an. animal!" Wait...
Ayyyyee Ahmm Mooose the Fearrlesss. I will wackk yooour head offff iff yoou geeet neeear meee.
He looks like one of the dogs on Isle of Dogs.
I want him!
Looks like he might have dry eye. 
He looks like the real version of an animated dog that has adventures. Probably voiced by Jon Hamm or someone.
Moose lacks looks, big on personality,
Moose is a cool name for a poochyena!
I Bite.....I don’t know why...
He looks like the type of dog that just got out of the pound and is ready to whoop someone's ass. LOL
This dog is awesome.  I want him.
It's like if Jonah Hex was a dog.
Mosse reminds me of Professor Screweyes from we're back.
Wanted for unauthorized cuddling
Mooth 
WANTED FOR BEING A GOOD BOY
Isle of Dogs 
He looks like the kid that beats up the bully who steals your friend’s lunch money. Get em, Moose. 
Real villian of 'isle of dogs'
He looks like one of the dogs in the “Isle of Dogs”! 
When will pup teeth braces become a "thing"?!?
Almost looks like Alpha from Up!
Baron Underbeight!
Please Hollywood, cast this dog as an evil villains pet?    Bond villain's experimental dog or something
That’s not your dog that’s a screenshot from red dead redemption 
He's got that razzle dazzle!
Moose looks like the dog from the comic about the retired war dog and the kitten. 
Moose looks like he's tired of your bullshit.
Buddy Thunderstruck is legendary!
Wanted: Petted or belly rubbed, like a good boye.
He looks like Bolt from the animated movie with his facial expressions
"Do you want any freakin' fries with that?!"-Jack Nicholson 
He's gorgeous!
Is he mad :(?
the color of his eye seems so majestic
He kinda looks like the scary uncle of the dog from Bolt
Should be on a gta loading screen 
Wanted by me 😊
He looks like a character from Isle Of Dogs in real life and I love it!! 
Yeah, a wanted poster in Knockturn Alley, I’d say. 
It's photos like these that inspire Disney
He could totally get into the salty spittoon
I came here to lick ass and chew socks and I'll all out of socks 
This would be my profile pic
Yeah, that dude look suspect
here's his cat partner    

https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/ady22h/my_cat_looking_absolutely_majestic/?utm_source=reddit-android
LV. 50 doggo 
He looks like the villain in an animated Disney movie. 

Still a cute heccing doge though. 
The dog looks like a character out of Wes Anderson's Isle of Dogs
Heterochromia is cool af
Or a Disney character 
The reward for Moose' capture is 10,000 biscuits!
Can do a harm tooth. 
Showed this pick to my wife - she said "awww, he's Beautifulish"
for some reason this reminds me of the movie Isle of dogs
Looks like his nickname should be Jigpaw
he looks like Haida from Aggretsuko
Kickass
i love Moose's face. may he have many pets and belly scratches
This looks like the dog from Bolt, I mean...totally different color but the same face!
that’s no moose. Nice try OP
Reminds me of Mr. T the lion

He’s wanted in that I WANT to give him a smooch on the forehead. 
Cute
Looks a bit like a hyena from one side
He’s a badass security dog in a Wes Anderson film. As the film progresses we learn about his tragic past and come understand him as a sweet dog with a big heart. 
r/toofers

He should be the mascot for that sub!
Gimme them treats.  
That's a straight up Yolandi face. 
What kind of dog is this?
That isn't a moose bud hate to brake it to you like this.
His facial structure reminds me of Bolt.
This should have been the main villian in UP. 
Look like the guy with crooked eye from Adam Sandler movies.
 Eyes without a face, got no human grace your eyes without a face 
Reminds me of the doofy hyena from Lion King
Red Dog Redemption III
"wait'll they get a load of me"-Moose probably
Coolest ears of all time. Have him make puppies, I want 2
He could be the dog on the cover of Goosebumps: The Barking Ghost 
He looks like he’s disappointed in you
definitely wanted



in my heart
Red Dog Redemption
Deebo?
Post inspired me to make this real quick, enjoy

https://imgur.com/a/1PPFAN5
Looks like the comic villian from Secret Life of Pets 3....
He reminds me of alpha from Up!
Mad boi 
Wanted: For being a good boy.
I saw an evil BOLT
Badass Doggo
'Wutcha looking pup?'
Must have stolen his sweet roll. Gotta use a bribe and tell some jokes.
He looks like Boomer from Far Cry 5!
Streetlamp LeMoose?
Thats his "GIMMIE YOUR WALLET" face
Good boy
This is the resting bitch face of a dog who’s seen things!
Moose is one of my absolute favourite Instagram dogs, he has so much personality! His Instagram is mooseboy16
Insanity wolf?
Beautiful coat, beautiful eyes.... 
This will be a long lasting meme. 
He’s magnificent.
Brutus is that you?
He. Is. Adorable!!!
Is this what a confused doggo looks like
This is the dog I'd picture seeing in the cab of Clint Eastwood's pickup.
r/AustralianCattleDog
Do you feel lucky, pup?
Mad Dog McGee
Almost looks animated. 
That's a black and white bolt
He looks like a James Bond villain.
So i fucking love this dog. 
Bolt, bark!
Best sidekick dog ever....
Looks like he's holding fart in
"I'm lookin' fer the man who shot my paw...." 
Moose is a gorgeous boy
I’ve heard of some stupid names for pets... but moose? You the type of person to call his pet cat rooster. 
...a wanted poster in a Bugs Bunny episode.
Far cry 5?
At first, I thought this was a weird looking moose

I recognize I am stupid
Thanks for the gold kind stranger.
Moose looks like he's here to kick ass and chew bubblegum, and he's all out of bubblegum.
His name is actually Clint Eastwood. And yes. He does. 
When Bolt tried being scary
Nyaaw such a cutie, Reminds me of [Bolt](https://imgur.com/a/F72doM1)
Oh I love wen Moose’s mom post pictures of him on Dogspotting ❤️ hope his eyes are healing great after his eye surgery! 
WANTED... Dead or alive
Cattle dog babe! 🖤
He is so ugly he is cute. Love an evil smile.
Moose: Demolitions Expert
“Whatch lookin at?!” 😂😂😂
Moose is a badass! 
Can we get an r/photoshopbattles on this?
50% badass 50% evil
RDR2
I want this dog
He looks like he belongs in fantastic Mr. Fox with that scowl hahaha
Or one of the dogs from Up.
He wants pats 😡
OP this would do well in r/photoshopbattles
So gorgeous though!
Could be in the new lion king movie 

https://i.imgur.com/30CCf2u.jpg
When you smell your own fart
He looks like a Uruk hai soldier 
Stitch from Lilo & Stitch anyone?
Just like the Moose Mark Messier?
Video game sidekick 
that pup has seen some things
The villain In Up 2 🤓
It would please me very much to see this dog in a cowboy hat
Sirius Black!
❤ yes I want him ❤
Breed of dog?? 😍 He’s gorgeous.
**WANTED**

Alive

Moose "the Good Boye"

Suspected in nabbing of treats from the local repository, murder of a chew toy and for pooping on the lawn of his neighbor, Mrs. McKinley.

Reward of $1500 for the successful capture and transport of wanted pooch to the local owner. An additional $500 from Mrs. McKinley if you also spray him with a bottle of water and say "bad dog".
Good to see [Gmork](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_The_Neverending_Story_characters#Gmork) is alive and well.

I guess he took down Atreyu.
he looks like the darn bad guy from a pixar movie about talking dogs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Rabid
You looking at me ?
He looks like he has some stories to tell!
Video game character dog for sure
He looks like a dog version of Snake from Metal Gear Solid! 
[My first thought...](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/shaunthesheep/images/a/a1/Shaun-the-Sheep-crazy-dog.jpg)
It's fuckin Brutus.
Looks like Brutus from those comics with the cat named pixie lol 
Boomer ❤️
Black version of Bolt
The lion king hyena 
He's holding back a sneeze...
I seriously thought that dog was wearing a tiara!
Looks like the gruff Pixar character that the cuter annoying character eventually brings around.
Would have named that boy Arthur
Wanted for snuggles and face smooches.
Wanted: Pets and Scritches.

Reward: I'll be good boy.
He looks like bolt
Clint Eastwoof 
this dogs will walk you.
He looks like angry Bolt, Bolt from the Disney movie lol 
Canine Clint Eastwood :)
[Wanted! The Scoundrel known as Moose](https://imgur.com/a/zX0bizw)

Needs a photoshopped cigar in his mouth
It’s the dog from Far Cry 5 
Beautiful and terrifying! 😆
That's a dog. NOT a moose!
He looks like Bolt on Retirement 
Dogmeat from Fallout 3!!!
Star Wolf? 
Done ! Please upvote this post too
But he is still a gud boi
He’s a good boahhh
Beautiful boy 😘
That's a Fallout dog.  
Is your dog a Australian cattle dog? Mine has a underbite aswell.
I like your face Moose. I would have adopted you right away, but it looks like you've been lucky.
Sirius Black, is that you?
Wasn't he in The Lion King? 
Boomer?
Aww, heterochromia pupper!
I'm pretty sure that's a dog I mean where are them antlers
Cranky cute 
so handsome
He just needs a toothpick and a leather jacket now !
Moose is one of my fave follows on Instagram! He's such a good boy
It's LITERALLY been a month, and I've been procrastinating at this.

Moose has a face that needs no introduction. The kind of pupper that, when you see him, you know him, and you steer clear of his path (unless he wants pets, then you fucking GIVE them to him)!

With that in mind, [here's my first foray into Photoshop.](https://i.imgur.com/ze5fjc2.jpg) Hope it's to your liking!
What breed!?
I want that dog for cuddling purposes! 
There are a lot of dogs named Moose on reddit recently.
He'd fit right in on a Gorillaz poster :)
Can i have gold please never gotten it 
This doggo is 10/10! Looks like a lovable badass!
Is he a Blue Heeler?
Resident evil dog
Ok, so this ugly fuck can stay, but the mod remove disabled dogs missing limbs because it’s sad?
/r/WhatsWrongWithYourDog 
u/shittymorph I love your dog for real for real. Mr. Steal ya girl lol
More like a Melissa McCarthy poster.
[Gmork](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/villains/images/2/2f/Ogmork.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20120217040244) 
I bite. 
That's not a moose thats a squirrel
r/Whatswrongwithyourdog
Oh!! Such a boopable nose!! He looks somewhat like Clint Eastwood.
I want this dog so much
I love him.
Gmork
ed from the new lion king movie
[It's Boomer!](http://www.google.com/search?q=boomer+far+cry+5&tbm=isch&ved=2ahUKEwiQlPn63N_fAhXMAt8KHaQ2CggQ2-cCegQIABAB&oq=boomer+far+cry&gs_l=mobile-gws-wiz-img.1.0.0l3j0i67j0i8i30.21804.22609..24036...0.0..0.160.823.8j1......0....1.........30i10.ESo6L78UXzQ&ei=PmY1XJD9GsyF_Aak7ahA&client=ms-android-sprint-us&prmd=insv&biw=412&bih=670)
Pssst! Hey Bub...gotta light? 
[Grrr](https://imgur.com/a/dhpEqnF) 
he looks Like he just wants to be cuddled. 
Not buying what there selling. This doggo is menace 
I love him 
r/accidentalwesanderson
Wanted: ~~Dead or~~ Alive; well fed, groomed walked, and loved
For some reason I see Flynn rider from rapunzel  
nice dog in office??
He looks like a dog villain in "Isle of Dogs"
Moose looks like he belongs on the isle of dogs. Moose looks like a good boy. Go Moose.
You wake up in the middle of the night with that bad boy staring you down, there will be no going back to sleep.
Gmork?!
You got that right coppa you’ll never get me alive...yeah...yeah...whaaaa

Beautiful dog. Quite majestic. 
He looks kind of terrifying here

https://i.imgur.com/I7RMEz7.jpg
Level 1 Crook: normal dog


Level 35 Good Boy: The precious child I'm looking at right now.
I thought this was Hogger from World of Warcraft  for a split second.
Looks like Akela from Mowgli movie
Do you feel lucky, punk?
how is this a moose? i thought these are called dogs
Bolt 2 Evil Half Brother
He looks like a hyena on Lion King 
What a great pic!!!!
Russia today finished the holidays. I will go to work with such a face.
Like the name and he looks like a good boy!
Brutus IRL
Mad Dog Tannen.
That's straight out of isle of dogs!
r/natureismetal
Doesn't even look real 🤣🤣🤣
Mean muggin the mail man
thats a dog not a moose you dumbfuck
Sirius Black!!
Bolt has seen shit. 
DMX but a dog
My dog always shows her teeth to everybody. She runs up to them and licks them though.
That smile reminds me of Bolt!! 
Too lazy to scroll down.. but looks like Whoopi Goldberg’s hyena character in lion king.. but like, the cutest version of that. 
Reminds me of the hyenas from Lion King
I bite.
That's a dog, not a moose
That’s a great pic
I always see you post him on Dogspotting Society!!! 
OMFG I LOVE BLUE HEELERS
If what I learned from Daniel Tosh is correct, this dog has downs 
He looks like a thug in Zootopia 
Pretty sure this is the dog from far cry 5
GOD I  love him. Maybe he could teach my German Shepherd pup to come when called. 8 months old, fast and thinks it is a game.
He looks like the villian in Zootopia 2.
He looks kind of like "Pinduli" an endearing children's book about an ugly hyena.
r/floridadog
Reminds me of Boomer from Far Cry 5
Wanted for stealing my heart!
He is a ruff rider
Second moose today.
He reminds me of the leader of the dogs from UP
Looks like the bad dog in really good dog film.
Him he bootifulest boi.
What breed is that?
Moose once bit my sister!
most amazing thing i've seen in a while
He's a cutie
My first dog was named Moose too!!!
No one else think he looks like Jack Nicholson?
Das is not moose. Das is good doggo 
Looks like that one bad wolf from kung fu panda 2
WOOF.B.I: Where did you bury the bones! 
‘Pet me!’
I tried.

[Wanted Moose](https://i.imgur.com/dM8sb9e.jpg)
Dude looks like one of the dogs from "Up". Not Dug, of course.
Amazing photo! 
Wow.
This looks like the cro magnon of canines
Isle of Dogs
could this be the next derivative sensation???

... Grumpy Dog...?!
Looks like a dog to me, but I've never seen a moose in person 
The dark version of Bolt. 
He’d be the villain of an animated dog movie
Rawrrrrrrrfsuwjxcxiakahdhs!!!
Looks like one of the guard dogs from Zootopia. 
I love him 😍 
My Reddit algorithm is just showing me dogs named Moose lol 
Looks like one of the dog in the movie "isle of dog"
Good boy? I haven't heard that name in years
I love seeing your posts on dog spotting society!! 
I see your blue heeler and raise you my 18 year old red heeler. Best. dog. I. ever. had. She looked like a dingo. She didn’t act like one though. She was my dog. Miss her every day. I’ve got a gsd and he is awesome, but my red is always there. 
"Stay off my lawn!"
[Basic Poster](https://imgur.com/a/e7ZBtsq) One MEEEILLION dollars.
He looks like a cartoon vilian dog.
I wuv his face!!!
Mafia dog.
Moose! He’s a good boy follow his IG @mooseboy16 🥰
Look at those teefies! 
I can't help but think that Hell In A Cell was all just an excuse for you to show off pictures of your dog to hundreds of thousands of adoring fans. Well played, son.

Edit: goddamn you have some good interior design
I feel bad saying this, I'm sure he's an incredible dog, but Moose looks like he was taxidermied 25 years ago
He is wanted. I’d hug him to pieces.
https://imgur.com/gallery/ob5PlBJ?s=sms
Is this lil pup a heeler?
You can't tell me that there isn't a tiny woman sitting at a table balancing on the top of his head.
Lookin’ all #Isleofdogs. 
Tough guy eh? How about I just roll you over and rub your belly? Then what?
WANTED

DEAD OR ALIVE

REWARD 10,000 Tins of Dog Food
I love him
He looks like one of the Hyenas, Banzai, Shenzi and Ed from the lion king  

[Wanted]

Bed space thievery

Non-consented snuggles

Possession of illegal substances (Treats)
That's a dog.
Born to Meme
Why is every dog on reddit called Moose
Cute
This dog is the grizzled protagonist whose inner self is revealed by a kinder, probably younger, companion.
Looks like bolt but he got rabies 
Hyena lookin boye
Kinda looks like Farcry 5's pupper, Boomer! 
When you thought it was your fart you were enjoying 
Looks like Micah Bell from RDR2
I still love him. Don’t know him but I love him. 
That's actually a dog... 
He looks like the kind of dog whos seen shit, a dog with real bravery.
Why are you not giving me what you are eating damnit. 
He needs a fedora and a machine gun to go with that beautiful mug. (Seriously, he’s a beautiful dog.)
That actually made me laugh and see it in Red Dead ... perfection! I’d go bounty him! 
Dog from up?
Yes, he is wanted for stealing my heart 😍😍😭😭😭
Looks like the dog from Bolt
Looks like the Fortnite back bling
Rawr
Starwolf!

He looks like talking head from an old PC game like Fallout or something. I can totally see him sending you on some crazy quest.
In my head, I can hear him reciting all the lines from that "Unforgivable" video from a few years back.

&#x200B;

For the uninitiated:  [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t\_KkIrtl8t0](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_KkIrtl8t0)
That’s not a moose, that’s a dog. 
Love your Australian cattledog.  Ours is the bestest of boys
He has the smug Dreamworks face down. Your dog is an actor. 
It's Wolf O'Donnell
That's a dog.
/r/AccidentalWesAnderson
Gorgeous. Moose looks 🥩 (that’s a neat heart)
He looks like Bolt!
Reminds me of boomer! On far cry 5
That's a hecking cool and bad boi right there 
^grrr
I thought he was wearing a tiara for a second
Seriously. I want moose.
Looks like Boomer from Far Cry 5
Looks like a real life adaptation of the lion king hyenas... is your dog part hyena?
“I’m lookin’ for the man who shot my paw”
Scaryn't
its a good bad boye
"get off my lawn"
I hate to break this to you but that’s actually a dog, not a moose
Or he found someone on a wanted poster. 
He looks like a Disney Pixar dog. 
How is this an awww? He looks like he has rabies 
He looks like he could be a character in Isle of Dogs.
He looks like a salt and pepper version of bolt
10/10 would still scratch head
Aww I follow him on Instagram
Lucky Poochiano
Have you seen this dog? We have a reward for his arrest
Or he’s saying “I’m not a damn moose, call me moose one more time”
His eyes are spectacular  ^_^
[ALL POINTS BULLETIN : NEW WANTED SUSPECT](https://imgur.com/gallery/OfrrAMJ)
I’m scared shitless of dogs, but Moose looks like a very good boy (inside).
cool, its not often you see an ugly dog
He’s just beautiful 
Moose looks like he belongs is a cuddle sesh. 
Omg I love him soooooo much!
Half grumpy dog - half.. grumpy dog.
Please when he goes to doggie heaven get him taxidermied in exactly this pose
Moose looks like he has a few warrants out for his arrest.
Haha that's a great lookin dog lol and his name is great to! Moose!
... uh, that’s a dog.
When I grow old, I want to be your dog.
Build that wall , Meeses tend come across our border, bad dudes. moose13. Scared. 
I just want cuddle him op
He looks like a ruff guy
The most EPIC dog I've ever seen!
[This expression reminds me of the evil dog Preston from Wallace & Gromit's *A Close Shave*.](https://dbtwgukw5oo4.cloudfront.net/styles/retina_to_desktop/s3/film_ACS_dtop_4.jpg)

Free HD link to the movie if you're feeling nostalgic and have half an hour to kill: https://youtu.be/3NKLjm2qoU0
Thats a fucking badass looking dog right there
This looks like a still from Disney's BOLT 
i lold
Beautiful. Is he a blue heeler? He looks like my heeler mix but with pointier ears.
Do you feel lucky, Pup?
Shoulda named him Mongo
After the child star got into drugs Bolt fell on some tough times 
He looks like one of those hyenas in The Lion King. Lol. 
They told me Good Boy, I told them give me all the bones or the guy gets it.
He’s quite intimidating,is he a sweetie?
He looks like one of the henchdogs from Up
Love that face..😂
Im on a holiday in Canada and met a dog named moose today. Now i see two reddit posts today of dogs also called moose. What is this?
Someone had to break the news to him... that’s not a moose 
Wanted: Moose
Reason: For being super adorable
Reward: many dog treats
That dog has watched too many Dirty Harry movies. 
r/whatswrongwithyourdog
more looks like a German shepherd
https://youtu.be/pmCJIk5H5ZI
He is so handsome!
He is wanted. 
Good ol' Moose. I see you posting in the FB group often.
Did some stole the dog's girlfriend or what 😂
Kurt Russell of Dogs ;)  SNAKE MOOSSSKIN  
Australian cattle dog? He's gorgeous btw
No undertaker story?
Looks like a Jim Henson creation.. 😆
Looks like Bolt!
The baby gate in the background looks like a little white tiara on his head. 😂
Character study for an Isle of Dogs character (for shure)
he reminds me of the dog in the movie bolt!
Wanted in RDR2
I got you!

https://imgur.com/gallery/L3zD17b
mean muggin good boi
Yeah, wanted for stealing my heart!
I would name him dillinger
He *is* wanted!!!
i am going to stay away from him! what a picture. iPhone? 
Love the color of his fur. My dog is also named Moose lol
Or be the cutest Disney villain ever 
I may be wrong, but is that not a dog?
Looks like a crash bandicoot character 
Remember the movie bolt?
Moose Van der Woof
He looks like Bolg from the Hobbit movies
He looks like the dog from Bolt with that expression, or the dog in that web comic with the retired police dog and the kitten 
That's not a moose, that's a dog
Moose ain’t right. 
Am I the only one who thought he has something on his head?
Or on a GTA loadscreen
My heeler-mix does this with her lips when she’s specifically excited to go outside. Cool dog you got!
Getting some serious Wes vibes and a half

Now I gotta rewatch Fantastic Mr. Fox
Should be in /r/RoastMe 
This is the case when you can be unpleasant outside,but kind inside.
Awe... A face only a mother could love...and everyone else.
I love him
You gotta love that face! Lol so handsome in his rugged way!
[Seemed fun](https://imgur.com/XXxwmNE.jpg)
Which one of the characters from isle of dogs is he?
Wanted

Reward: 10 000 kibbles and bits
How offensive is it to name a species after another species? How would you like it if your name was moose? Fish? Duck?
Boomer! 
He looks like "BOLT" :) 

&#x200B;
I follow him on Instagram! Made me happy to see him getting famous on Reddit today! @mooseboy16 on IG!
Looks like the hyenas in the Lion King
r/WhatsWrongWithYourDog

&#x200B;
So you gonna pull them pistols or start whistlin Dixie?
Why can we assume sex/gender of a non human animal but not of a human? 
grr
It's nice day for a... white wedding. 
Omg I love him so much!!!!  
He must be hiding from the Interpaw.
Reminds me of Ed from The Lion King
I mean, I want him. 
LOLO!!!
I had a dog named Moose, and he almost looks like your dog, but with a different color scheme.
I don't think that's a moose. /s
don’t mess
I like your rug!
You are wanted Moose :)
༼ つ ◕_ ◕ ༽つ GIVE BAN ༼ つ ◕_ ◕ ༽つ
Am I the only one who sees some Clint Eastwood grimace here?!
Reservoir dogs 
“Bitch betta have muh scobbies”
Looks like a houndour
Eh I think that’s a dog....
Fantastic Beasts: Crimes Of Grindlewoof
He done good boah
He took Buford "Mad Dog" Tannen too literally
Hate to break it to you, but that's actually a dog.
Fight Club
Your dog is actually the alter ego of my dog. No joke they look the same, same colouring, one brown and blue eye.
One of you is about to catch a quick fade. I suggest some head movement just to be safe you dont want to get Ronda Rousy'd by your dog!
It's Gmork from The never ending story
He looks like a Disney villain dog
He looks like bolt 
Bolt IRL
Blue heeler?
Hahah! This face! Who wouldn’t love it?!?! He could be a cartoon!
You're my boy blue

That's the Best Boy . . . . and you know it😗
He up for adoption? Cattle guy and pipeliner here with a soft spot for cattle dogs. Heeler pups especially.
Why are there so many dogs named Moose?  
Mean mugging pup
DMX final form
Kinda looks like Johnny Knoxville 
[r/AustralianCattleDog ](https://www.reddit.com/r/AustralianCattleDog/?st=JGUARIDT&sh=044fd74b) 
That’s a nose that must be kissed. His left eye tho does look like he just watched Bird Box. My Westie did, too Moose.
Snores like beast.
TIL shittymorph is multifaceted and doesn’t only know about the undertaker. Also this dog seems like the “mean” character in an animated film that turns out to be super sensitive and helps the protagonist.
red dog redemption! 
Literally me when I smile
r/toofers

&#x200B;
Looks like he's imitating ice cube
Oddly enough I think you're right. 
He looks like the dog from the brutus and pixie comic on instagram! 
Kind of looks like featuring ludicrous off a big mouth
Looks like he's "Gonna give it to yah." 
That’s a dog not a moose good sir.
Looks just like Alpha from *Up*
Moose looks like Booger from “Revenge of the Nerds.”
This could be Arthur's dog in #rdr2
No dead, only alive. 
Who let this dog out?
Since when do you post anything other than Hell in a Cell comments?
Moose looks like a Cujo rather than Bambi with a big rack. 
Who's a good doggie?
that's actually a dog.  
Moose have antlers, that's how you can tell them apart
Actually I think he looks like Heida.
Mel Gibson is Bad Dog
I want that dang dog. 
The behind the ear scratchins on that good Boy! 
Starfox 2.0
Wanted: He did nothing wrong, i just wanna meet him.
Get that dog an eye patch
He literally looks like dog from Isle of Dogs
Harvey Dent's dog.
Villian in a kids movie
Haida from Aggretsuko?
It’s Haida!!!
And my cake day aparrently? 
Aww he's smiling. 
Is everyone calling their dog Moose right now? 
That’s definitely the shepherd version of Forrest Whitaker y’all. 
Wanted!

For: stealing snacks, murdering shoes and terrorizing the mailman!
I thought it was one of those pets they sent to the taxidermist. 
You have a doh named Moose? GENIOUS IS SAY, BRILLIANT!!!
*arf!*
He looks like the bad guy from Bolt
This is the dog version of Clint Eastwood 
America's Moose-t Wanted.
Wanted: good boy
He’s got that “Tiny” Lister look
This dog was designed using the art style from Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark. 
He looks like Bolt’s unseen twin nemesis. 
He looks like Bolt's evil twin.
Wes Anderson plays himself in Isle of Dogs 2.
That’s not a moose that’s a dog
Anyone else think about DMX "X Gon' Give it to Ya"?
It kind of reminds me of bolt from that super speedy dog movie 
I don't think he likes having his photo taken lol
A dog named Moose...
This is fucking scary
Boomer from far cry 5?
He looks like a dreamwork animation,
Or that dog dude who’s crushing on Retsko in Aggretsko (probs misspelled that)
Ur dog is ugly and I love him
Moose is giving me some angry Oblivion guard vibes
He is wanted, by me! 
This dog belongs next to Clint Eastwood in all of his westerns 
“You’re a special kind of stupid aren’t you?”
Doggy Trejo
I love his stare of pure intimidation. "What are you looking at bub?"
What kind of dog is he?
He looks like he ran with that Marston fellas gang. 
'Man flesh'
Wanted Alive 

Sentencing: Constant belly skirtches 
LET MOOSE KNOW I LOVE HIM
What a cute dog. I love its pointed ears and it’s varied colored eyes.
That's Boomer
r/photoshopbattles
😂💯
This is my smile, Cheryl!
"You'll never take me alive copper, meah, seeeeeeee?" 
Isle of dogs 
You mean " Moose the Brute".

Some say he can skin a man alive just by looking at him.
Your dog almost reminds me of Crash Bandicoot. 
I'm sorry to tell you this, but somebody sold you a dog instead of a moose
It looks like my dad arguing with my mom. Lol!
But he has really white teeth. 
Awww 
He looks like Sirius black 
He’s still a good boy
This dog looks like he’s a military man 
Any chance op is fan of Dresden?
when yyour not ready for a picture taking but suddenly clicked the camera button..
What’s wrong baby? Why the mad face? Who hurt you? 
Not a wanted poster but, I make:  https://i.imgur.com/MrXz517.jpg 
Dogs name should be OUTLAW

Yes he does
Haida!
[he be lookin like brutus](https://i.imgur.com/KcT5wYE.jpg)
This reminds me of Bolt for some reason. Like he is the real hero not the villain. 
Looks like villain in doggo world. Ol' Woofy McBite
Wait...that’s not a moose. 
Moose was my slave name... Call me, MOSES
For stealing my goddamned heart. He's lovely
Handsome Queenie, reminds me of 2 face...would  make a great villain in a dog movie.
To me he looks like one of Scar's hyenas.
I love Moose! 
“I’m sick of your shit, Brad”. That’s what I hear in my head. 
It's hiiiiiiiigh noon. 
