You can finally count them now!
Look at that natural eyeliner
Where is the sound you monster?!
Ahhhh! THEY'RE SO FLUFFY AND SMALL
Fiancé “what’re you looking at?”
Me “hot chicks on reddit”

Man--their eyeliner is *on point*! 

I have never achieved that look--I can now add "bested by a chicken in the makeup department" to my list of failures (ha)...
Oh god, I’ve never wanted to hold anything so much before 😍
Are those Bantams? They are so floofy!! 
Stupid question but I don’t know these things-how do you know it a fertilized egg that will hatch and a regular egg?
Very cute. I did a quick watercolor of them [chicks!](https://i.imgur.com/0q6X9Wy.jpg)
Every couple years or so, my family and I stay a summer at my mom's old house in the Philippines, which is a full-on farm. Rice, pigs, chickens, you name it. Anyway, there came to be one chick whose mother was gone (most likely eaten ._.) so it kinda wandered around the farm aimlessly. My brother and I took a liking to it, so we fed it and gave it water and even cleaned it. It got so comfortable with us that it would often wander into the farmhouse on its own, even with humans standing at the doorway. No animal ever wandered in, if only because they didn't want to, but this little chick came in to find us, and we'd pick it up and play with it.

Anyway, that's my story. Chicks are cool.
Awww they are so adorable! I had a hen with chicks once, and you came in and all the chicks would be under the hen getting warmth, when suddenly tiny little heads would just pop up out of her feathers.

Thanks for sharing them with us! 
oh god they're gorgeous i love chickens so much

&#x200B;

and they have perfect eyeliner
[removed]
Congratulations on becoming a grandparent!
Ground Eagles 
I feel so terrible watching this in awwe, but still like eating chicken; this makes it tempting to want to be vegan.

&#x200B;
Aww they look so sweet and curious about the new world they are in!
I'm amazed you were able to get close enough to take this footage. Our mother hen would threaten to end you, and she's said it with enough authority that I've started to suspect she might actually be able to pull it off 
I’ll bet mother hen is so proud and happy!
(((smol peck)))
[deleted]
Everything about their little faces is adorable!! 
[removed]
Awww, such cute little velociraptor spawns!
Aren't they a little young to be wearing eye shadow.
I love their coloration; they're quite beautiful.
This sub needs more chicken posts. Haven't seen those here.
Real life Pidgeys!!!
[removed]
I grew up around chickens. I can hear those little peeps :)
#S

#M

#O

#L
We had healthy Chickens on the way. Then a fox just shows up and kills the mom and the eggs. One of the clusters he killed the mom and the eggs froze
Oh my god they're fucking adorable! I do totally needed this after a horrible day! Thank you so much💕 I hope to see future pics of them growing up loved & cared for alongside their momma💕 This is pushing me to very highly consider becoming a vegetarian💕
At least I can appreciate this because I don't eat meat 
My in laws have a horse farm, where they also have chickens.  I don't know why but I've always been slightly terrified of chickens (even though they seem to like me). But damn, those bebes are adorable! Even the mommy looks cute!
Now if only we can all stop eating these cuties 
I love baby chicks 
My old boss used to raise 20ish chickens every year at his place. One of his friends would stop by once in a while to feed them. He left the gate open one day and they got out.

My boss also has two German Shepards...
That eye liner is really on point. Mine always looks like rubbish.
Mazel Tov!
They always have the loudest chirps though
Consider how lucky your chickens are.  9 billion chickens are killed per year, and none of them experienced this
Omgggg can I have one
What’s the upkeep like for chickens?my family has been talking about it for ages, but never got to it! 
peep peep peep peep peep peep peeep peeep
Aww! Such cute looking baby dinosaurs!
Peck. Peck peck. 
Great. Now I want a chicken. Thanks for that.
Smol
These are dinosaurs, not chicks.
You might wanna check out the mail man... one of these things is not like the others....
Floofus and Goofus and Gloofulus 🐈♥
Awe. Adorable
[deleted]
Plugging /r/backyardchickens if you want to see more chickens!!
Woah, their eyes are beautiful! 
Smokey eye 
They are adorable... She looks like a pretty chicken! 
Beautiful. Take good care of them 
Cutest chicks ever
Awww! They're so perfect!
They’re beautiful!!
lil' baby chickers! 
Super cute!
Super cute! What exactly do chicks eat at that stage? I know chickens pretty much eat anything that they can fit in their beaks..
Awwww babies too cute xxx
Omg the most glamorous bird babies I have ever seen. 
Precious babies!!
congradulations!! 🐥🐣
Chicken always Look like they are lagging / have a Bad ping lol.
r/animalsbeingmoms
🎶 Three cool chicks🎶
I just realized I have never seen a chicken...chick before 
Aw, they are so cute! I love them.
I love them! They are *adorable.* I want chickens so bad, one day. 
Baby T-Rex ♥
Oh my they’re so great! 
More cheeknzzzzzz
What make up tutorial can I find them on?
baby dinosaurs! 
Awww look at them. So fluffy and small. I want to pet them :D
Smol chicks
You’re treating it well. Her feathers look very healthy. 
Baby chicks are so fun, and it is so much nicer when they are raised by a hen. Hope all goes well for you
New chicks on the block.  
Just hatched and already got the eyeliner on
And their eye liner is already better than mine.
Give them my best regards!
I’m in love! 

How do they adapt as newborns? Are they fairly intuitive to their surrounds or do they need guidance? 
:)
Those are some pretty chimkins
This reminds me of  Ed, from Ed Edd n Eddy
[deleted]
Ninja chicas! Awww
Those are some good lookin' chicks.
Protect with them everything you have. 
Congratulations! 🐣
If only they stayed that smol. So damn cute.

But chickens in general are cute. Kinda derpy. 
Congratulations, mama chicken! 
Chickens are the cutest little beans. I used to volunteer at a farm and I loved tending to the chicken coop because they were all so cuddly. If you pet them, they’ll close their eyes and purr. They’re underrated little guys 
Adorable!
JEEPERS CREEPERS JUST LOOK AT THEM ^^^^PEEPERS!!!!!!
One of the cutest babies in the animal kingdom 🐥 
Damnn so cute 
They look like owls!
Eyeliner on point!
r/BackyardChickens
Real question here: how do I keep my neighbors chickens from digging up my yard? They have ruined one patch and I just want to give it a break from the chickens so it has a chance to grow back :( (I tried asking my neighbors to do something but they either don't know English or they pretend not to. I don't hate the chickens, I just want them to give that spot in my yard a chance to recover.)
Now that's the kind of chicks i wanna pick up. And snuggle. And take pics of. They're so adorable!!!
Raising chickens is one of the most peaceful and frustrating things in the world.  But a momma hen and her babies is enough to melt the heart of the most calloused man and great treatment for PTSD.
Do you know that they are the living descendant of Dinosaur? They may grow big and scary. 
[deleted]
Biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiirbs <3
Momma chilling with her peeps.
#Ifoundthechickens

Look at that yolk game. Drip drip
Wholesome
They are so adorable.
I really miss my chickys. 
Cuties
tiny and brand new hello there little ones
They're adorable.
r/chickengifs
Congratulations! 
Awwwww! They’re adorable!!! I love the “eyeliner” look on them! What sort of chickens are they?
*Hen
Just look at that handsome motherclucker.
Omg. Baby chooks are fuckin CUTE. 
One on the right is me, eyeliner but no shadow heh
Awww look at these adorable little floofballs 😍 
Cutest thing found on Internet today.!!😍
Oooh! They already have eyeliner on.
Cool, what kind of breed are they?
Omg they are goooorgeous! I have a thing for chickens in a good way 😂
Sic semper tyrannosaurus!
They all have eyeliner on
Aren't they a little young to be wearing eyeliner?
Gotta cancel my plans of having KFC later 😯
When I see videos like this and then think about the food industry it fucking kills me inside.
And just what are your intentions with these chicks?
I won’t hatch chicks anymore after a bad run of only getting males and having to take care of them.
Easter Egger? Congrats on the peepness!!
"Just"??
r/noisygifs
[removed]
Congratulations to the new proud chicken momma! And to the new proud hooman momma too! Good on you for her taking her in :)
These chicks are wearing eye shadow.
They are so pretty!  Their eyes are quite catching!

sweet eye shadow
This title makes me think I don't understand chicken lingo.
This is so perfect and calming especially with as hectic as the current world affairs are.
Fuzzdots!
Those are the cutest chicks I have ever seen!! 😍😍
It's a good thing you waited to count them!
They're all like, "Hey, let's peck at some shit"
r/noisygifs 
They’re already going through their emo phase!
You must live in Florida
They look like little owls!
Healthy baby peep peeps! Are they Americana?
What a blessing!
My Easter Eggers have that coloring and eyeliner. Whatever they are, they are sweet!
Those eggs are fkn moving!!!! 
Those are some big boys
Look at all dos chickens
/r/egg_irl
Thought the one to the right was a bunny at first
This makes me miss having chickens. Their so cute and funny to watch! 
Is the light golden a female chick?

They look like owl chickens! Lol so cute! 
Why do 2 of them have darker coloring patterns. Is this to differentiate sex?
Wait, chicks are born with feathers? TIL I thought they'd be featherless
Chicks man
So the chicken came first....   By those eyes, assuming the parents have different eyes, then the chicken came first.
Does the darker coloration mean anything?
All my life I thought chicken chicks are only yellow.
Such perfect babies!
Idk why my first thought was *gasp* her eggs have been ^ferilized
Congratulations, momma chicken!!! 
Adorable lil chicks! 🐣 🐥 
They're precious!
CHEEP-CHEEPS!!!
Someone pls make r/AnimalTextGifs of this. It will so r/aww
so cute 🤗
Is that a homegrown chicken? The ones that we bought all had their beaks clipped
man chicks are so cuuuutee!
Who's the father?
Congratulations!!
Bhhkeerrrrppppp!!!!
She's a keeper!
Did a chicken or hen hatch the eggs? that’s the real question.
LOOK AT ALL THESE CHICKENS
Birb is the word.
Beep beep beep beep
Device use*d* to take the video?
Nice, playing the long game for fresh chicken.
I want one 😍
I would keep a live webcam of this on my second screen at work if one was available.
That mama hen must be so proud!
What breed is the hen? Ameraucana? She looks great!
Chicks are always cute  than chicken
Fluffy dinosaurs!
Wow thats amazing
Awwwww . I miss having chickens 
That baby looks like it likes to singa
Too cute, congrats!! 
So fluffy we could die! 
Do chickens do the whole regurgitating feeding thing? I don't know, and my gut tells me they don't, but the way the blonde chick looks towards mum at the end like, "Excuse me? Food now thnx?!" makes me second-guess myself. Anyone know?
WHAT? This is SENSATIONAL
Those are some sweet chicks.
So sweet!
Don’t let them jump into the fire :-)
IM SORRY WHO GAVE THESE LITTLE BABIES THE RIGHT TO BE SO ADORABLE AND ATTRACTIVE?!
Bock
I wonder if dinosaurs were this cute when they hatched?? 
They're so smooool
They're so pretty!!! Awwww 😍
Awww there so cute, "I'm loving it"
I can’t handle the cuteness ❤️
Aww, congrats and they are adorable!

Reminds me of the chickens I used to keep as pets...
Looks like 3 little Pidgeys
They are so cute, especially the fur around the eyes
They’re beautiful!
Oh my i am actually melting
Dumb question, but how do mother hens feed their chicks? Chickens can't produce milk can they?
Finally something other than dogs. 
I am keeping old bloodline of aseel breed they are very friendly to human but they are born to kill their opponent
So like, they grow up and stuff now? Man, nature is trippy.
So cute and cuddly
They do look pretty healthy 
They grow up really fast though. 
Cheep cheep cheep
They look to old to be just hatched. Or am I wrong?
Good looking flood poppers ya got there
Pío pío pío pio
Congrats to mommy chicken!! 
Friendly advice : check your chicken coop for any small holes and patch them, animals like ferrets and stoats tend to introduce themselves in and kill the chicks. And lock them at night if you plan to make them go outside during the days. I lost 8 chicks a few years ago because of that and i dont want this to happen to anyone else. Good luck !
Look at all those chickens. 
This is what this sub was made for.
oh wow, so cute! What kind of chickens are these?
Are these Rhode Island reds? I've never seen a RIR chick. 
SUPERB!
Look at all those chickens!
Aw I miss the chicks on my grandads farm. He died today. Always hated it when there were new chicks because there seemed an unusually high ratio of cockerels. 

That one in the middle looks full of cockerel attitude to me but I’m probably wrong, usually was. 
No names?!
They're so cute!  I love their little masks.  
Awww! we used to have chickens. I miss that amazing little peeping of new chicks. :) 
So adorable.  Just little balls of fuzzy cuteness.
Great make-up btw. Is there a rooster among them?
I thought I was still on r/Wellthatsucks and was waiting for them to get eaten or something.
They’re adorable! ❤️
Duck you! where’s the sound?
Those babies are gorgeous!
If these are your first chickens, make sure you get them a REALLY shallow water dish, they can drown in anything over about an inch deep. 

Otherwise, enjoy your new babies!
So cute 😍
Oh thanks for posting this, brought back such great memories for me.


This is adorable, but I wonder what our ancestors would think of so many people getting excited about something that used to be such a common everyday thing. As we communicate through the air on our tiny magic screens...
They're so cute!!
They look like porg
Now you have 4 chickens, living the life
Not gonna lie. Expected them to be yellow when I saw the post name. 
Aww! Congrats!
Do chicken get overly aggressive when they hatch new chicks or it's just me?
Cute 
You get more chicks than me.
Wow so cutes
Cuteness!
Does she let you pet them or is she protective? I have no idea how chicken work. Cats and dogs are fine with it and even bring their spawn to you for inspection. 
The miracle of birth
They are so tiny
I also have 5 chicks at my home
[Look at all those chickens!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NsLKQTh-Bqo)
theyre so damn cute i want to rub them on my face n smell their heads! 
I hope they don't end up bring fired. 
Congratulations! 
Why are two of them owls? 

CAF tho
Max sosi
It looks like they have lashes so cute!
oh my god its so cute!! 
Three cute fur balls
Cute and curious bunch!
Please tell them that I love them!!!
They call them chickens, but Ive never watch them chick.. oh! There they go.
I had a pet chicken named Pokey. She actually knew her name and came running to us when we yelled Pokey. I really miss her :(
Huh. My first time seeing chicks that aren't yellow.
What are their names?
So do you move chicks left and right 
Here chicky chicky chicky
smol chiccs <3
Was wondering just today when to use that smiley! One wish granted!
Did you name them? 
Those are some cute chicks
They look like little peckers...
Is that hen a Faverolles? She's pretty!
TIL not all newborn chicken are yellow
You know I've always wanted to have chickens to have fresh eggs. Are they a lot of work? Expensive to maintain? Need a lot of space?
Amazing that she lets you look at them so close.
When our chicken had chicks she was always very protective 
Curious, are you doing this for eggs or meat? I've got no problem with either, just curious. 
[removed]
[deleted]
There SWEEEEEEEETTTTT!!!!

I've never seen a chicken chick
Cute, until you clean their pen. Honestly disgusting animals.
The vegans sure love to comment here. 
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Just three chicks? Rookie numbers, keep up hen! 😡
I feel evil for thinking about chicken nuggets.... I am going to hell
[removed]
[removed]
Wow I see God's purity in those baby chicks thank for sharing
[removed]
[removed]
how good did they taste? 
[removed]
[removed]
chicks are cute, but damn, i still eat chicken...
Are they organic?







Too soon?
[deleted]
[Proud papa] (http://wetpaint.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/6/w630_99587059.jpg) 
more food 
Good. More food.
Ahg... Why does chicken have to be my favorite meat :( 
SHE MADE THOSEZ!!!! LOOK AT THAT NATURAL WING!! YASSS QUEEEN
man yall cant take joke
How them taste?
It's a miracle which must be shared with the world!

(Which happens millions of times a day at chicken farms.)  


But baby animals!   
(Which turn into ugly big chickens in a few weeks eventually)  


I'm conflicted by this one.
[removed]
You didn’t eat the eggs quick enough
[removed]
I've thought of names for you. Ready?

Breakfast, Lunch, and Dinner.
[removed]
You hatch 3 and my dog has eaten 3 of my neighbors. Cool coincidence. 
Throw the males in a metal grinder
[removed]
[removed]
