Love the way they both tilt their heads
“The best moments of my life are those spent knocking things over at 3 in the morning with you.”
Not pictured: the face bite 1 second later
The perfect cat picture doesn't exi-
I don't want to ever see another picture of these cats again, I just want this to be the one pure memory I have of them, because you can't get much more wholesome and cute than this
Very wholesome.
...and they lived happily ever after.
Why do I feel like the tabby is about to jump the other one hard after this photo? 
let's spend all nine lives together - one is not enough

i want you here right by my side when things are getting tough

nothing's ever purrfect, friend, but with you i am strong

together we'll get thru the worst - you always right the wrong

n if someday you've gone away, n i'm left on my own

i'll find you, friend, were e're you are -

don't wanna be alone






These look exactly like my two cats...
In my experience with cats, this was immediately followed by a chomp to the top of the head or neck, and lots of hissing.
Oh my gosh this looks like an older version of my kittens. My gray cat is even developing a spot of white fur in the same place. 

Picture: https://i.imgur.com/CSGkAut.png
She looks a little young for him
He’s about to bite her head, you can tell. 
*queues Barry White*
Cat owners know how this ends.
When cats have a better love life than you  ... but at least they are very cute! 
I need a pal like this 
Two seconds after this picture was taken the cat on the left clawed the cat on the right! 
Man, cats are just the best. 
That's the gesture a cat makes right before biting another cat's ear. 
Can anyone give me advice on this:

8 months ago we started feeding a stray cat and it continued to come to our house and slowly it made our house it's home. She goes out for long periods of time but always returns to our home. 4 months ago she gave birth to a female cat and a male cat. She took very good care of her kittens and was very protective and wouldn't leave the house except for shitting and peeing. And sometime last week she broke her leg(in a fight with other cats i think). Now she's the complete opposite. She growls at her kittens and is somewhat offensive and almost treats them like her enemy.

What to do?

EDIT: Grammar - non-native English speaker.
Cats are not assholes.
proof that there is something wrong with people that don't like cats.
... he purred and knocked her off the table.
"Hey, baby. How about you come back to my cardboard box and let's crack open a 10 year old can of tuna."
True relationship goals 
How did you get a picture of my cat?

https://i.imgur.com/k10n1AO.jpg
Reminds me of bluestar and oakheart from warriors
Cats are dominating the front page, the revolution is finally happening! 
u/ViscousVortex 
Can't figure if right is a kitten or left an absolute unit.
This is probably my new favorite picture.
so ronery
They are such pretty kitties.
i wish i had a human counterpart like that.
u/title2imagebot
🎶 Now I need you more than ever 🎶
Can we talk about the chicken painting now?
Awww...😭💞😿
Meanwhile, my older cat is currently chewing on my younger cats head. 
Wish a cat would hug me like that too 

I just want some love 
3 seconds later...*bite to face* because cat
9 lives to spend together in love 😻
 when you realise that a cat has a better love life than you :(





still happy for the cats tho
This... 
Awwww! He's holding his paw on her back!
And ten seconds later they were fighting again.
This image is both lovely and melancholy to me. I used to own a cat called Lula and another called Bilbo. Lula died in 2015 but the grey cat in the picture looks just like her. Bilbo is still alive and looks identical to the other cat in the picture, the black and Orange one. I know it’s just a coincidence and that I’m overthinking this, but it reminds me of how those two acted so much.

Please spend as much time with not just your cats, but the people you love too. You never know when you will say goodbye.
We also know they could jump at each others throats in a matter of seconds, as soon as one of them is done with either licking or being licked, that's even cuter. 
Stahp! Too many feels!
👋The aristocats!👋
A cats life time with the ones you love is worth 100 human life times alone.
What a sweet photo - I love cats!
Awwww that's so incredibly cute.
Made me say “aww” out loud
It's unusual to see this kind of love between cats that aren't sibs 
*/em melts*
Oh my god, stop it with that title :') 
https://youtu.be/IHdGdTwVQfI
SO CUUUUUUUUUUUTE
Best title ever.
Relationship goals 
This is the cutest picture on the internet right meow. 
Pals
We have 2 cats and they have the same  furr and do the same thing! When they both lay on the couch they will literally start hugging eachother. 
/r/catsmiles
Dude I swear the one on the right it literally my cat wtf
Are these the same cats from a few days ago
Awwww, so lovely and so much love.
Kitty on the right looks EXACTLY like one I had a few years ago. He ran away unfortunately and I’ve never seen him since :(
Oh that is so sweet
The real Thomas O’Malley. 
“If I had two dead rats, I’d give you one.”
QnQ
I have actually, i used to have cats as a kid, and also i cat sit quite often for my cousin and another friend when out of town...but refuse to own them anymore
Is that a Korat on the right side? I love that breed.
Cuuuuuteeee
This is PAWsome
The demurely crossed front paws! Ded.
Nope. Can't do this. Too lonely. Forever alone. 
When's the wedding?
Aww
This could be a poster for a live-action version of The Aristocats.
These must be very common pairs because I have the same 2 cats. Except my tabby is the small one and the grey one is the giant. 
The little one looks just like my cat 
This is the most romantic moment I have ever seen!
Help I'm crying
Adorbs.
How long until this turned into an exploratory, bite-your-ear session? That is how it always ends with my two, and the little one still falls for our, hoping that this time, this one time, it will be different. "He'll lick me for real! I just know it..."
If this is going anything like my cats, the striped one is cleaning the gray ones head - at which point the gray one will instantly not enjoy it, leading to a fight
I have a black and grey tabby and a blue cat too!
That looks more like "this is a good snuggle" on the right and "I am so about to bite you!" on the left.
Its all fun and games until the penis comes out, then its death.....lol
I have cats and this cat on the left is about to nip the others dome haha
ah yes, another reminder that animals have better love lives than me
Nom
What Breed is on the left?
Adorable 
We have a cat that same shade of grey with the same white mark on the chest

Love it 
I need you more then purrever 
Best fwends. 
The gray one has crossed feetsies and it is adorable.
This is where I goo AWWW so cute. True love. Loved how they close their eyes. I love cats.
That grey cat looks EXACTLY like my cat
Right b4 one decides to attacc the other
so cute!
So sweet. 
Looks like a trophy wife to me or for that matter a Cougar looking for someone a little younger :)
Wow looks just like my two cats wish they were this friendly though.
Caption Gold
Awh nice photo Op
Wow, I actually said aww outloud before I could stop myself
This looks like my two cats, except my gray one isn’t grown up yet. She’s still a tiny baby kitten.
Seems legit
The gray one looks exactly like my girlfriend's old cat/my cats brother, Romeo. I miss that pissed off little fucker :(
Purrfect 
Some real Aristocat shit right here 
It's true love
Sooo cuuutee
Bsst mates
The brown one is identical to my cat, Patches.
this is so cute!!!!!*

*I say as I side eye my two cats who literally can’t be in the same room as each other

(they’re getting better but I can’t leave them alone with each other) 
oh this is a love 
Damn this deserves to be framed. It’s so perfect!
good couple
I wish my cats got along like this :(
What type of cat is on the right?
The witty, perfect title line makes this cozy pic resonate our souls. 
(OP: SELL THIS TO SOME CAT CHOW COMPANY.)
#relationshipgoals
I bet all my money that some furry has used that as their pickup line 
I don't even know these cats but I want to get this framed.
I dont know if can ever get tired of seeing this repost(3rd time) because of how wholesome it is
Ill have no one I'm my only life
Remind me of cowboy bebop tiger striped cat
Sooo cute!!!
Holy crap they’re almost identical to our grey baby and her boyfriend! I’ll upload a pic when I get home (((: 
this is so adorable omg 
I have something in my eyes. 
The friendship is good
This picture is so powerful. Us humans can learn a thing or two from animals. It’s amazing the amount of love that you can sense from just a picture. 
It kind of looks like tiger girl is thinking about biting grey baby on the head
Look like Rakan and Xayah
Aww the cat on the right (grey) looks exactly my cat grizzly (we called him that because when he was a baby he had a REALLY long snout)
I like that rooster
I can't get over the crossed legs, adorable
Now that's cute
Nine? You Megan, seven right?
All guys here. Send this pic to your significant other. It will guaranteed make her cry. 
Why is this reposted every 5 days?
I love this!
Her legs are crossed.. my heart..
This makes my heart warm 
Ok dear,let me go I have to go potty.
This is me and my GF. I will love her till death. 
Korat (right)
In my experience this is when my one cat starts attacking the other and chasing her around the house. It's lovey for 30-40 seconds and then all out war.
This made my heart feel so whole I can’t explain it. Beautiful.
gahhh thats cuuute [https://imgur.com/hUc0Kdn](https://imgur.com/hUc0Kdn)
This is the reason I love Reddit. 
I wanna see a cartoon of these two now 
The crossed over paws hit me deep
💖
Do you know the breed of the little fella on the right. He reminds me so much of my cat
Meanwhile my cats can't even be in the same room without hissing. Great.
Aaaaaaahw
You can hear this image...
What kind of cat is the grey one? Looks too cobby to be a Russian. 
The grey one looks just like.my kitty including the white patch, did a double take!
tHE gIrL ihS dA smAwlL oNE aAnD bOyY iS baBiG OnE 
Right now don’t move.....
OP - you have dopplegangers of my two kitties! Your tabby is slightly larger and your gray is slightly smaller, but what a crazy coincidence
So cute
My Russian blue has the exact same spot! It’s my favorite thing about her.
Mufasa and Sarabi
The title and pic would make a great hallmark card suggestion if this hasn’t been made already. 
"Wanna go around again?" - Phillip J Fry
I have a blue Burmese just like that. Burmese are funny cats. They're basically dogs:

* They follow you around the house
* They LOVE every person they meet
* They want to lay in your lap and cuddle 24/7
* They sleep in your bed

They're the sweetest cats you can imagine <3
I'm sure biting and wrestling came right after this scene...
Nine lives - I’m cracking up here
Best couple <3
The cat on the right looks like mine. I don't know if it's a grey fur thing, but she looks/weighs the same as she does 18 years ago once she grew up.
Cutest couple award!
.........?.,.... M,. 
Lowkey r/titleporn
Cuteness overloaaaaaad!!!!

 https://gfycat.com/goodpoorhoopoe
awww

posts like this cleanses my soul
Aaaaaw
Let's spend 9 lives together
Now I need you more than ever 
Too cute, OP 
I miss my indie cat :(
I have a cat that looks like the one on the left. She just finished trying to attack the other cat that lives with us after leaving in a huff. 
Oh my god, the little gray cat is a clone of my family cat Misty who we lost ten years ago, down to the little asymmetrical white patch! She was the runt of the litter and always very tiny and seeing this photo made me so happy! Thank you!
Knowing cats, this was right before a fight
Left cat looks exactly like my cat :O
We have two Russian Blues and one has the same white spot as yours! Sandra Day O'Pawner sends her regards. 
So sweet! I love cats!!
Is that his girlfriend?
Note the ears....fixin to bite the head.
Smooth 
Okay that was adorable lol
/r/likeus
Good picture! I have a Seal-Point Siamese that is just as loving! Cheers!!
This so cute meow meow
Looks like they have no idea about the”seven lives itch.”
The grey one looks just like my lovely kitty, shes 20 and really snuggly
ABSOLUTELY ADORABLE
This is so freaking cute 😭❤️
That is so sweet!!!
Fuking skaaaweeeeeeee 🤗
Aww so cute 😍😍
This could be us but we aren't cats.
OMG that is the cutest cat picture I’ve ever seen! I just want to stare at it.....
me: *aggresively bookmarks this post*
Couple goals. 

In my next life I want to be a house cat from a good family.
There once was a tiger striped cat. This cat died a million deaths. Revived and lived a million lives. And he was owned by various people who he didn’t really care for. The cat wasn’t afraid to die. 

Then one day the cat became a stray cat which meant he was free. He met a white female cat, and the two of them spent their days together happily. Years past and the white cat grew weak and died of old age. The tiger striped cat cried a million times and then he died too. Except this time he didn’t come back to life.
That's a beautiful photo. 

I can't help wondering if the next frames would have been a lick, a bite and a tumble off of the table lol
nice photo. surely it would be "spend all 18 lives together." 9 lives each.
Cutest pic I've seen all day 
Meowvolus, so cute
Aww! *Single tear drop falls*
Very odd. I have two cats that are identical to yours. Except they have a love/hate relationship!
That gray cat looks like an older version of my kitten.
,y6
Omg they look exactly like my cats except mine are brother and sister
They look like my cats tigger and indi!
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AR8D2yqgQ1U](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AR8D2yqgQ1U)
wholesome
I feel like I know enough about cats to know that the right cat is in love and the left cat is about to attack. 
Is that their baby’s carriage bottom left?
So cute!
Wish my man looked at me like that... 😂 
The title really makes this. ❤️
500th comment. This is so cute, 
This make me sad
This really made me "awww". 
Very sweet <3
I'm about to make this my screensaver 
Aww
Is there anything cuter than this?  I don't think so!  ❤️
So adorable 
First time being upvote number 100k. Exciting times lol
Bitch you ain't the one who sleeps in bed with a night
How are they so perfectly the cute cat version of the couple from Up?
This should be a hallmark card.
Super duper cute! 💕💕
Isn't it 7?
The one on the left looks just like my old cat!!! 😭😭😭😭
Awwwwwwwwwwwwww😂😂😂😂
Very cute 😍
Omagosh true love indeed, perfect pic! 😁
Wow! These kitties have better lovelife than me.😂
Cute *-* 🐱🐱🐱
They have a serious "Lady and the Tramp" vibe. So sweet! ❤
This title got me in my feels dam 😢
Just a dwarfdude farming some karma. Nothing to see here
Makes me so sad for my Annabelle who lost her Joey a few months ago. He was her best friend and the sweetest cat you could ask for. 😭
I hate cats by all means...but this picture...this one single moment in these two cat's lives...made me kinda re-evaluate my lifelong experiences. 

So, yeah...a dog person just became a little weak. 😘
That just made my morning 😻😻😻
So beautiful. Takes my breath away.❤
A male loving a female. How dare I assume their gender 🙄. 
Until one of them sees a cat outside and attacks Best Friend in frustration and displaced aggression. Best Friend will then be terrified and urine spray everywhere to feel more secure...

&#x200B;

Edit: for context, the pic is cute. My cats used to be like this until one of them saw a cat outside and he couldn't get to it so he attacked the other one (displaced aggression and it's apparently not that uncommon). They never forgave each other and I could never get them back together, despite trying for 3 years. I had to rehome one to my best friend and I kept one. I miss the days when both my cats got along. 
