This video is 8 hours too short 
That cat was in a good place but I found myself really wanting the dog to get a little more comfy. 
You could sell access to that feed. 
That dog is either smaller than I thought or that is a massive cat. 
That's exactly what I needed to start my Monday. Thank you, op. 
The dog is like "I must be strong for us while she is weak." 
Wow, thanks so much for the Reddit gold and for making this go viral!! I’ll try to answer a few of the most common questions. 

* The dog’s name is Joule, and we got her as a rescue about 4 years ago (she is 5 years old now). We think she is part Vizsla. She had pretty severe anxiety when we first got her, but has come a long way.
* The cat’s name is Kelvin. He’s about 4 years old. We got him as an older kitten about 8 months after getting Joule. The camera angle makes him look big; he only weighs about 11 pounds (Joule is 32 pounds).
* I’m using an Amazon Cloud Camera to record them. I usually keep the live stream open on the corner of the second screen of my work computer, so I can watch them be adorable. During the workweek they snuggle up and sleep together the entire time we are not home. They very rarely do this when we are home.
* At some point I may work it out so there’s an accessible live stream of them. Until then you can follow them on Instagram: ginger\_cat\_and\_vizslas
Kitty needs to read “He’s Just Not That into You.”
Cat: "You make a nice heat bed."


Dog: "You make a nice heat blanket."
Can you post footage of the pup laying down as well? I'm really anxious to see him as relaxed and chill as his buddy.
"We shouldn't be doing this Tim, this is wrong..."

"Then why does it feel so right?" 
This dog's face is all cat owners when their cat decides to give them the honor of having him/her on their lap. "Can't. Move. Might. Disturb."
Puppy has the face of Stockholm Syndrome.
Go Cuse!!!
Pup looks upset that his owner has gone out, so kitty comes to make him feel better. thats how I saw it anyway.
Go Orange!
Let’s go Orange!
Film set. New romantic movie.
Cat: "Oh, yeah, nap time!"

Dog: "But when is hooman coming back?"

Cat: "NAP. TIME."
Your pupper looks so sad that you left.   I love the cuddles. 
Go orange!
Like husband and wife after putting the kids to bed
r/KittyPupperLove
You're now obligated to post a longer version
Proof that cats will point their ass at anyone's face...
Why do dogs always look like they’re on a hostage video whenever they’re being affectionate with cats?
Dog: you’re tired already? We just woke up!

Cat: just hush and lay down, we have a lot of naps to take today. 
I think my heart just melted
I bet that makes the drive home so nice. PS. I really like your blanket. 
[First thing I thought of](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmzuRXLzqKk)
Nice flag in the background 🍊! My parents have 2 vizslas and they are a handful. It’s nice to see the two of them cuddling up like that. If you’re a fan from upstate NY, I don’t blame them in the least for wanting to share some warmth. 
I would love to have a bonded dog & cat. What’s the secret, getting them both as babies, or just the kitten? Dogs seem pretty accepting of anything they don’t sense to be bad. 
The dog does not look like s/he's much caring for it. 
aww that's lovely, I could watch more! :)
Oh my God. That is insanely adorable. 
Thank you for sharing! This is adorable <3
Is that a small dog or a big cat
/r/masshysteria is a very quiet sub but I want to see more dogs and cats living together.
This needs to be filed under r/gifsthatendtoosoon because I could watch this for literally an eternity 
Cute, my dog barks until we get home 
Human is gone now...we can finally be alone.
I absolutely love this and want more!  But I have a request:  do you have any recordings of the dog looking more relaxed, as if he's enjoying this as much as the cat?  I feel anxious for the dog when I watch this.
Thought it was getting a bit nsfw at the 40 second mark
SNUGGGZZZZ
Which one is the big spoon? 
privacy.. dude. 
Looks like the dog is in the middle of thinking of an excuse so he doesn't have to spend the night 
Everyone is gone. Time for our secret love. 
Lol people would pay for a live cam of this everyday. Did they grow up together? Its rare to see cats and dogs so affectionate like this.
Awww the dog is such a gentleman! Waiting for kitty to get comfy first 😍😍
I think we need a montage
That is too damn cute!
Taboo relationship. 
Puppy wants the cuddles but knows they're being watched.
Aww. Pupper's like he's on a first dste:

"What do I do?"
How big/small are your pets? They are both beautiful but your cat looks so big and cuddly.
I feel like you captured something so touching yet secretive.  Very very adorable.
OMG that is sweet.

&#x200B;

Why does doggo look like he is uncomfortable and wants to run away? I can tell the cat is sincere though.
Soo adorbs. The cat is like come on dude, lay down and snuggle me!
Legit never wanted that video to end
cat wants to cuddle and the dog is indifferent. Are you streaming from a parallel universe?
Does your cat help your dog with his/her separation anxiety? My dog has reallly bad separation anxiety and I’m debating getting a dog or cat to keep her company. 
When your girl just yelled at you but wants to cuddle after 
My heart!!! 😍😍😍
Not sure if small dog or absolute unit of a cat.
Please make a YouTube channel of just this. 
Cat: The Human has left, you are mine now. *Asserts dominance*
That dog looks soo uncomfortable 
"My mind is tellin' me, 'No!' But my body... My body is tellin' me, 'Yes!'" 
Your dog looks embarrassed that someone might see him letting the cat cuddle with him. 
Your pup reminds me of the polite stranger ignoring a fellow subway rider falling asleep on them.
Live stream this on Twitch and you'll never have to work again :)
This should be a live stream
Bill Murray warned us of this.
Dog acting like cat and cat acting like dog.
Dog reminds of all those: "when did you miss a hint that she likes you" threads
Christ I think I just developed diabetes watching this.
Looks like the dog doesn't want to get sued for sexual harassment..
The dog looks vaguely embarrassed.
Dog has this "I don't know if these feelings are normal" face. 
Hey OP, is the cat as snuggly with the lil' pupper when you're home, too? 
*"She must never know of our forbidden love!"* 

Extremely cute until I realize this is the view that Samsung and LG smart TVs see when they turn on that hidden camera from headquarters.  Me sitting on the couch in underwear is not as cute.
i kno a dog

whos very nice

i like him lots

i like him twice

so when we lay

on couch of men

we groom a lot

i groom my fren
That dog clearly knows that what they're doing is wrong. 
I miss the human


It's ok, I do to
I am going to be dissapointed in this sub if this doesnt make it to top of all time.
Thats so cute! 😻
The dog has a look on his face that says "I'm being used"
That’s AWESOME, Cat looks more relaxed than your pup ?
Adorable!
Snuggle buddies. 
I need more of this, much more.
OMG so cute!!!!!
more please
Cat sucking warmth from dog "friend"
That is so clever and adorable. 
Cats trying to convince dog like, “come on if we just put aside our differences for one minute in front of the camera, Hooman will get that sweet, sweet Karma and maybe we gets treatz. 
They do this every day? That is adorable. 
what kind of pooch/ how old?  What a great family you have!
That's either a small dog or huge cat
MOAR!!!
Go Cuse
Cuse represent!
Syracuse!!! 🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻
Definite awwww! Go Cuse!

Meanwhile house is getting robbed haha. I thought dog was big until I saw cat.
+1 for the Syracuse banner!
Are u by chance from Syracuse or just a fan?
I just feel like I’m watching a truly private cute moment like this isn’t for my eyes this was for them
We za hoomanz now
I love this!
The cat just wants to be held. Puppy would not comply
I think that your cat is picking up on your dog's minor anxiety and is trying to help. 
Either that's a tiny dog or that's a big-ass cat
We’ve got a level 5 clinger
The dog is really like : "I absolutely don't know why I'm here but I come because it is prohibited!" 
Yay Syracuse grad!!!!! 
That dog was fearing for his life
That dog is a bit freaked out.
Dog: "Day 483: I don't know why my owner's human smiles at me everytime she leaves. Somehow I think its because she is able to free herself from its grasp while I am stuck here to be used as a throw pillow. I strongly resent its butthole and the way it tries to make me stink the same way it does. At this point it is all about surviving. Journal, I look forward to surviving until day 484."
The dog!!
“Oh wow, this is awkward. What have I done with my life?” 
Syracuse!
GO ORANGE!!
Syracuse I see, makes sense they're snuggling, they're just trying to stay warm in our terribly cold weather recently.
How could people look at this and say cats are assholes.
Go Orange
Go Cuse!!!
Why does notification squad always tell me about the first post that I see in my feed anyways?
This is wholesome. 
Take my upvote AND MY HEART
The little head doot the cat gave the dog. So presh 
Dog knows he’s being watched.
Tabbies are the best.
r/AbsoluteUnits
I can't tell if that's a tiny dog or a huge cat, but they're cute!
I enjoy your pets' color scheme 
Syracuse FTW! Go orange! The pets are adorbs too. 
Why does the cat look like it’s got an ulterior motive?
Check out Bubbalovesrue on instagram. I thought it was the same cat and dog. 
Please make this a live feed and we will GoFund you a billion dolalrs
The cat’s head rubs are what sells this for me. That’s a cat’s way of saying “I like you enough to call you mine”
The cat's like, "shh shh, just let it happen, just let it happen".
holy shit,,, my god damn heart....
My mum’s cat used to do something similar and it seemed as though he could actually tell the dog was anxious, almost like he was reassuring him. Either way this is adorable AF, love the fact they’ve left aTV or radio on too.
That’s either a very small dog or a very large cat
To dog:

\- Blink twice if you are being held hostage to this cat 

\*Dog discretely turns head away from cat and blinks slowly\*
That cat owns that dog.
Dog: "Jesus Christ, human left again. This is awful, when will he come back??"

Cat: "Oh good, the human is gone again."
XD Taboo relationship 
I want episode 2.  And 3 through 499.
Looks like the dog is mad and the cat and isn't speaking to it and the cat is trying to apologize. 
This gives me hope for peace in the Middle East. 
You should set up a two-way live feed so you can praise them for being so adorable all day! 
I want to watch this forever
I’ll keep you wild. You keep me safe. 
I didn't want this video to end. <3 Can we get a live feed of your couch every day??
I love it. Tell them they are lovely.
Nice Syracuse banner!
That dog looks like me in my hs years when any girl would actually hit on me for once. Awkward and confused
this has got to be the most adorable thing I have ever seen.
Babies.
The dog needs to lay down so can can get set up for the nap.
Is the cat huge or the dog small? Cute couple you have there.
They need each other
Your dog looks like me when my mad gf comes over for a cuddle.
My video got stuck on the part where the cat has his ass in the dogs face. I thought OP did it on purpose at first. 
I feel like I just watched a forbidden love story.
Very endearing.  Ending too soon 
Romeo and Juliet of the animal kingdom 
Because Hungarian vizsla.
I need an hour of this.
You need to put this on twitch
The dog looks like a teenager boy on a first date unsure what to do next. The cat is a teenage girl in this and is giving all the signs and wanting a first kiss.

What a cute video! This needs to be longer!
AHHHHH bless em. 
This is the definition of what this sub is all about. Love it
You should think about turning your heat on. 😂
Cat: hey warm thing, lie down already.
Feels like the dog is getting forced into it. Unwanted contact hahah. 
I never ever wanted that to end 
That's how my girlfriend acts when she wants me to order pizzahut
The dog is going, i dont know her, i swear.  
Omfg. This is almost illegally cute
the dog doesn't look that into it.
Such restraint. My dog would be sniffing the shit out of that cat's butt. Metaphorically speaking. Also literally, probably
Should i drop 10 platinum awards or what? So cute
Doggo seems wisely cautious as to not make too many movements. You can see on his face he knows that one wrong move, or a slip of the paw onto that cat's belly could unleash a firestorm for scratches and hisses. 
This is *literally*,the cutest thing I have seen all day. r/PandR
Dog: “Don’t leave us Elfaba16...”

Cat: “It’s ok she’ll come back soon. Hug?”
do you realize how perfect your life is right now? this is what i want!
Those little butt shuffles to get comfortable...❤️
That’s cat is so fat 😂
Are they cheating on you? lul
Omg how do I upvote this twice
The dog is like. ‘Ok then, but don’t tell my friends.’
 I like how the dog just sits there and waits for the cat to come then the dog kindof sits there uncomfortably while the cat gets situated 
They naughty 
Are they in a relationship??
Forbidden love 
I love how he was waiting for the cat to come and snuggle. 

This was the best thing I have seen all day 
Is the cat comforting the anxious dog when you leave? I'm gonna die of heartbreak if so 😭😭
Reminding me of my cat being so loving lately
This post was the most upvoted post across all of Reddit on January 14th, 2019!

^(I am a bot for /r/toppostoftheday - Please report suggestions/concerns to the mods.)
It looks like the dog is sitting like that because he is proud. He believes he is now responsible of taking care of the cat since the owner has left for the day. 
Yeah I’mma need one of these at least once a week. Fuck it start your own subreddit.
This reminds me of Ross and Joey's nap.
good god that’s fucking precious
Doggo looks conflicted
Giant cat or tiny dog? 
“Ok pup, you know the routine. Sit there while I adjust”
This is one of the cutest things I’ve ever seen!
Go 'Cuse
Let's go Cuse!
Syracuse! Let’s go 🍊 
Is it just me or does the dog know he's being watched?
The dog looks so robotic. Reminds me of me and my ex 
They are lonely, together.
It seems very likely that the dog is paying very close attention to someone off camera
r/wholesome
Lol the dog looks so confused
The dog looks concerned the entire time as if he just wants his owner to be home.
Is it just me or are these two acting a bit too human?
The dog KNOWS they are being watched.
Why do people keep using vreddit? It's so incredibly slow.
I would seriously watch this as a web cam.  So peaceful and it did bring a smile to my face which I needed!
Best thing!
Your couch looks comfortable as fuck.
I'm gonna cry, oh wait already started 😭
That cat is the dog in that relationship
The pup looks like a girl whose friend have left her and the cat is the guy who goes in for the kill. 

“It’s fiiine baby! I’ll look after you!”
Perfection
Now THAT is the shit I need to start my day. What a pair!
Poor pupper doesn't look too sure. Lol
this is the cutest damn thing, those are some special lil critters
Reversed roles
More please
This is the ultimate dream here!
Too much for me to handle. 
This is the purest thing I've ever seen
Well if this isn't the cutest shit I've ever seen
This wins the Internet for me today folks
I’m thankful for you! 💜💙🖤
So much sexual tension
God that is so adorable I love it
I was almost expecting them to start talking to each other to pass the time once they got comfy 
I'm in love. Just beautiful!

I love cats so much, they are the best cuddlers. 
This is painful for the dog. 
Making sure Princess Lady is acclimating well?
My cat does this with my dog as well :) it’s so sweeeet
That dog is the cat's slave, he doesn't want to be there.
God. Now I want a cat even more. Are ginger cats more snuggly and mellow? 
I can't decide why I needed this so much.
More please!  I'd like about an hour on youtube.  Better than TV.
awwww
u/strawberrypajamas 
Love this!
This ended way too soon. 
The thousand yard stare of that dog tells me that kitty has mood swings from time to time and snuggles are only allowed when kitty says so.
I love how the dog is like: Ok, boss just left but maybe he is just coming back in a few seconds, we should wait him cause he is definitely coming back in no time.


And the cat: Ohhh yiiiiis, the slave just left, couldn't wait to get on the couch and sleep all day long without him annoying me.
This deserves more upvotes!! 
Oh hey, it’s April and Andy from Parks and Rec!
This is the cutest thing ever!!!
They are posing for the camera. So obvious!!
The dog looks like he’s afraid his wife will find out that he has a cat as a mistress.
That dog does a wee smile at the end 😍😍😍
Remember when you were a kid and your parents and teachers and TV and well... Everyone lied and told you dogs and cats were mortal enemies? 
The first sign of a bad dog owner is when they let the dog on the awwwwwe a kitty! 
the cat only wants a heat source.  lol
Dog- "Dude....personal space"
This should be cute.  
Aww, what a sweet dog.  
Please be a cat, please be a cat, please be a cat...  
Yay!
Jesus Christ that is a cute dog. I'm such a sucker for any brown / pink nose. And the perfect size. Just waiting for her owner to walk through that door. Instant love. 
I wish my dog and cat would do this, but the cat used to be a stray, so she is very standoffish towards the dog. The dog just wants to be friends...
0:16
Do they not snuggle when you're around?
They both know the camera's on them, one doesn't care. 
This is the cutest thing I have ever seen
Cat: This leg is not working for me, dog. 
Cat just wants that spot.
MORE.
Thought it said "sTruggles" and was like "that was the weakest conflict I've ever seen."
I'm about to cry this really is one of the cutest things I've ever seen! I don't know what to do! 
Go Cuse!
Holy shit! That is so fucking cute omfg. 
The dog looks like it's being blackmailed by the cat: 'function as my bed or I will tell our owner about that time you stole pie out of the fridge'

Super cute tho! I love when two species interact. 
That cat easily penetrated that doggo's zone defense.
The snuggle is real 
The dogs looking around thinking “how long do I have to be the cat’s pillow today?”
I feel like I'm spying on an intimate moment. 
Do you know what breed/mix of dog? My buddy has a similar looking one with unknown parents.
do they really do it everyday? like a routine?
OMG, you bastard! You stole my cat! [https://imgur.com/a/coFRkHR](https://imgur.com/a/coFRkHR)
Is it just me or did the doggo start smiling once the cat started to snuggle? 
The dog is playing hard to get :)
Hey op is that cloth in the upper left on the shelf for the cat to hang out in or is it drying out?
#metoo
Damn yo that's cute AF
Moar Moar Moar. 
That's either a giant cat or a tiny dog 

Super cute 
Daddy walked through the death portal. I take care of u nao. 
I want a hentai version of this ....
Either that cat is giant or I vastly overestimated the size of the dog.
Is that a house elf!? For real that's cute though
Dog is the victim of "non-consensual" cuddling. 
You should do a twitch livestream of this
Sure they doun't fuck with each other?
Looks like a forbidden love!
Did that dog just wink at the camera
😍😍😍😍😍
Dog: " but... but where did human go???"

Cat: "shhhhhhhh......."
Precious! My cats just fight. 
This dog reminds me of my dog and the cat also reminds me of my dog. She'll sit at my side then get up and walk over me to get onto the other side of the couch, just to jump over me to get back to the same spot she started just to to get comfy. It helps that she's small.
Watching this video made me want to get in my robe and snuggle my kids and dog. 
Why are they wearing collars? No offense
This is cute. Also, the dog knows he is being watched.
Joey trying to Ross to take another nap, Lol.
Too cute not to upvote. Animals do the funniest and cutest things when they think no one is watching. 
This is the most cat and dog thing- cat being super particularl, dog just content to be there.  Really adorable!
The cat clearly knows this, MY DOG!!! That's my doggy woggy!!! :))
Done! Give me
cat: "Oh I love you so much, I don't even know what personal space is"

dog: " I can't kill you without my owner finding out, but if I could, you'd be a goner"

&#x200B;
How sweet omg my heart 
Something has that dog's attention or he is wary of something.  Not sure.  You have anything that moves around in the direction the doggo is staring?
WHY CAN’T MY FUR-CHILDREN GET ALONG LIKE THIS?!? 😭 so heart-warming. Damn. 
If it’s possible that a dog can look like Father Doogle...then this dog has nailed the middle-distance look! Very cute! 
I’m ded from the cute. 
[Kooky](https://imgur.com/gallery/DuBfjYC) approves. 
Interracial 
And that's how foxes were made
I think that dog is terrified that the car is going to totally snap and destroy him.  But I usually think that about cats.
"I have shown you my butthole.  This means I trust you.  Now, move over, I'm going to get comfortable."  - Cat
Either that cat is massive or that dog is deceptively small, I can’t tell which, too distracted by the adorableness. 
Awwww kitty loves doggo so much! 
The world's just a bit better with these two in it. 
Testing
It's a classic struggle cuddle.
That is so sweet! I wish my cats were so predictable! But I would need a few more cameras to capture them!
god i wish my cat and pup where like this. my pup always wants to play with my cat, but she’s twice his size and it scares him. her idea of “play” is pouncing on him, and he reacts by swiping her face with his claws, so now he hides whenever she’s around. this is so adorable
Oh my heart ♥️ 
Watching this feels... Wrong, some how....
The cat thinks it's a dog.  The dog thinks it's a human.
I swear cats prefer dogs to other cats. 
This may be the cutest thing I have ever seen in my life. 😍🐱🐶🐩🐈
When animals learn about 'Netflix and chill'
Go SU
That dog knows he’s being filmed. lol 
Please submit this to Chris Cohen Animal Translations on You Tube. 
me trying to snuggle my man after i pissed him off 😂😂😂 u/wesgj98 
I hope they’re watching their shows. 
If the dog gets up and freaks out, then you know to check the external cameras.
Something about this feels dirty to me. 
OMG I'm dead. I'm speaking from the grave rn
Loving the Syracuse banner! Go Orange!
r/kittypupperlove
Let me know if you figure it out! I have 4 doggos and would love to stream them. 2 Shibas a Pomeranian and a mix. I’ve been thinking about doing it as well. Also, your babies are adorable!
The dog like ahh today also gonna be a bad day no hooman around; meow is like don't worry we have each other. 😁
That straight up made my eyeballs melt.
It looks like puppers is a little nervous and floof is comforting her! Cuteness overload
That is SO cute
How much for this high quality service live? 
So do you just cry all day or what
This could make a pretty good prequel to Catdog.
The doggo is wise to you spying antics
This is the cutest thing I've ever seen!
Maybe the cat is just trying to help the puppy with it's anxiety of the owner being gone. 
Well that's just adorable. 
And here I have two cats that have lived together for years that won't even get that close! Wow
Kitty comforting pup cause he misses you?
Cuties!  Whose wedding pic?  What is the white thing beneath it, please?
Would u have freaked out if they would've started talking English? 
So frigging cute! 
That is the dearest scene. I need more of this in my life.
"I knew I should have broken up with here weeks ago! "
Cat seems a bit more into it tbh
Is that a small dog or a huge cat?
Fucking adorable 
That is ridiculously adorable!  :-]
Omg ;-; so CUTE
Caturbate
Dirty Live cam, everyday from 8-4
That cat is an r/absoluteunit
❤️
Please tell me that when you get home they proceed to pretend to hate each other...
“On a date, kinda nervous” - Doggo
I’m jealous of all parties involved 
The dog isn't quite sure if he's given consent yet...
dog:  She’s coming back...i think i heard a car door? wazzat?! no....oh wait?!

cat:  relax. she’s gone for 9.25 hours.
At first i thought that the dog was big but then the cat came in and I was confused. 
I'd pay to watch them too.  So freaking adorable!
Doge: “Dis my duty. Must cuddle deh cat and protec deh cat. I will stan guard. 
That was a relaxing way to spend a minute of my time while at work. Very nice. 
The dog definitely knows 
This could be a low key IRL stream on twitch
😍😍😍❤️
That's clearly the cat comforting the sad , slightly miffed (at being left alone) dog...

This is adorable but I need to know: Is your dog v small or is your cat gigantic?
Twu wuv 
Thats so awesome. My house devolves into Thunder Dome the second Im outta the driveway. Ive watched it on the cameras and there is a very real Lord of The flies Vibe to it.
Low key looks uncomfortable
Oh my god, this is next level perfection 
This is the sweetest thing ever!
One of my favorite things ever is seeing a dog and cat as best friends 
So cute omg
This was the most precious thing I’ve seen in a while
oh my goodness, that's just too much joy.  
Dog isn't into it
That’s probably one of the cutest things I’ve ever seen- they’re comforting each other because your not there. 
This is the most precious thing in existence 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🐱🐶
Awwwwwww. Cho chweet
Your cat is a dog, and your dog is a cat. 
Your pets are having an affair
I hate to brake the news to you but those two are definitely banging and we can all probably get in tbl for kitty porn....
Either that cat is super big, or that dog is kind of small.

Definitely said out loud "holy shit that's a big one!" When the cat came into view haha
That dog looks like he's being held hostage by that cat,😂 while the cat is getting all comfy and cozy. 😳
BEAT DUKE!
LET’S GO CUSE!
MORE - I did the same with skype 
Now kith
Still has better social life than mine
i wanted dog to lay down and relax
SNUGGS 
What breed of dog is that? 
Pooch is like "boy am I glad no one is watching"
Just curious, Syracuse fan so orange collar wait no let's get a blonde/orange colored fur dog and heck why not an orange tabby. Nice.
"I know...he's coming home again...don't worry...just...mmmfgfff, we can lay together...just...come on, ya bony wierdo...lay all the way down. " - Cat, probably
“Master must never know of our forbidden love.”
Go ‘Cuse!
Man, I wish my cat liked my dog this much. 
Aw wow. They really love each other.
She wants to give it to him !
Uh Jane. Please. Not in front of the camera.
The dog was just rolling with it.
Ever thought of naming them Garfield and Odie? 
Can we just have a 24/7 feed of this please?
Im gonna need 100 more minutes of this.
r/crochet 
When are you giving notice at work, to get in on the daily snuggles?
Why would u film this every day? 
> Every day I *blah blah blah*

I expect a new post tomorrow
Adorable 
The dog is such a sweety!
OP, can you pls make this vid a bit longer? I want moreeee!!🥰
Growing up I was convinced that all cats were girls and dogs were boys... this video reaffirms that haha
you have an instagram for them eh? interesting. it's almost like you've planned out how to monetize this already!
Their love is a forbidden love. 
This is an invasion of privacy! /s
Yesssssssss .. just a lil fuzz butt in the face before settling😹💛
That’s the sweetest thing! I have been thinking about getting a cat for my dog. I worry about him being lonely during the day. Im just not sure how he would react. What a lovely video though!!
Cats monologue: fuck you, I am the star of this show. I will make myself comfortable at all cost; fuck you twice. Oh by the way, fuck you again. 
Go Cuse!!
khkhkhkhkhkh
Dobby is a free elf
This video ended wayyyyy to soon :( 
Cuse!
Does the cat and dog cuddle like this when you're home?
❤️omgoodness!
I think my favorite part is actually the very beginning when the dog is alone. That empty stare and the blink is really cute and hilarious at the same time. I'm totally seeing 'Santa's Little Helper' from The Simpsons.
Ok this is the cutest thing ever but why does your curtain say "Small Goose"? 
oh .confience  jaimme ca 
Your dog blinks it’s eyes independently of one another. Interesting 
Go Orange
This debunks the entire premise of their secret life as pets
that's one of the most adorable things i've ever witnessed in life. 
im about to cry because this is so freakin cute
I love how they look so color coordinated!
Go Orange! 
Doggo: “Owner is not home, time to jump on the couch tee hee... oh no.... catto might hurt me... catto is not moving. This is my life now”
This dog doesn’t seem to be giving consent hahahaha
ITT: Someone’s got a cheatin’ spouse...
Dog looks like he wants to tell the cat they should just be friends but is afraid to say it.
That’s some inter-species shit going on right here
That's the sweetest thing I've ever seen! Pls share more!
That was pure gold. Thanks for sharing.
Is it just the perspective or is that a rather large cat?
Dog: Alright let's get this over with...
Kitty loves his puppy 
Looks like forbidden love. Soon, you are going to find yourself with a creature that has the loyalty of a dog and the cleanliness of a cat.
As the owner of a pit and cat that dog is scared to move lol. Mine have a love hate relationship, they terrorize each other then cuddle
was wondering what kinda dog is that? My buddy looks just like him and have been trying to figure out what breed he is 
You creep lol.. but that's cute 
r/LikeUs
Another sign of the apocalypse, cats and dogs napping together...
MOAR PLS?
Awwwwww cuties ❤
I can die now. Thanks.
MASS HYSTERIA
The relationship look one sided
Funny how the cat wants the snuggles. Usually dogs are the more affectionate ones. 
Sometime in the past the cat and dog had an agreement and the result was you sit there and I'm gonna snuggle up to you whether you like it or not.  And dont move. 
I wish my pup was nicer to my cat so they would snuggle like this. He's just too rough. 
That dog looks like a hammerhead shark tho
They are in love. That’s so nice
This sparkle my heart!!! Thanks for sharing!!!
I wish mine would do this. But usually the did shoves her nose in the cats crotch and he don't like it.
You can see the moment the dog realize he/she an't move from the couch. Thank you blessed assholefelinelapwarmer
Give them some privacy 
This shit was adorable as fuck!
is that cat huge or is that dog small?
The dog is like piss off, but... ok
Awww
Wish my cat was like this lol. She once smacked an 85 lb pit bull in the face for trying to snuggle
Go cuse
I have two cats and a dog. I wish so badly that any two of them acted even half as loving as this towards one another.
Good move. That's adorable.
'Cuse!
Dog is nervous. 

"Does cat want to snuggle me or murder me?"   
More pls 
r/likeus
This makes my heart melt. Orange kitties are always the sweetest.
Too short of a video! I want to watch all the snuggles!
This is how both of my cats treat the dog. They love him, like a dumb younger brother/pillow friend. 
Dog is watching human off-camera
Go Cuse!
Best frens
I was kinda hoping to lie down and get comfortable...ok...um...never mind. I guess I will just sit here awkwardly...

Dog probably
/r/KittyPupperLove 
Cat: ILY cuddle me
Dog: Seen 2:30PM✅✅
This made me happy!
That cat is nicer to that dog than my cat is to me 
This is the sweetest!
that cat is nearly the same size of the dog geez
Oh hello fellow cuse alum!
More please 
Wow, I literally thought that was our cat and dog at first. [Pet tax](https://i.imgur.com/JcMWhtz.jpg)
Different species and they love eachother. Humans hate eachother over skin color and race. 
Oh god that is so cute! Also, looking at that Syracuse banner and orange collar, I'm going to bet $100 one of them is named Otto.
the dog would be more relaxed if he had a live stream with you haha 
Ok, I watched this one three times.  Any others? 
bro knows he's on camera to start 
Poor dog is being violated!
My marriage depicted by pets. I’m the standoffish dog and my ex is the needy cat. 
That made my day. and i really needed cheering up.
Come on... that video was waaay too short. We deserve a new video capturing both of them sleep
that scooching backwards! hahaha
Post of the year so far
I suggest you take the collar off the dog when you are not at home. There are several reasons, primarily health risks: https://www.pet-tags.com/pet-care/do-you-leave-your-dogs-collar-on-24-hours-a-day/

Additionally, you might know how much a dog enjoys being scratched under the collar. It is the same as if you wear socks all day and finally can take them off. 

Same applies to the cat obviously. 
It’s like the cat knows that the dog is nervous, so it tries to comfort it. 
puppy kinda looks like the new guy in prison
The dog kind of looks like he's being forced to do this against his will. 
Just like a cat.  Gotta stick their butt right in your face first.
Love! Post more please!!! 
:me and my hookup trying to find a comfortable cuddling position 
Wow! Thank you so much for posting this. It definitely brightened my Monday. =-)
/r/gifsthatendtoosoon
hey,
Joey and Ross!
Dog is acting like he knows someone’s watching... I thought they were about to bone. 
Due to the perspective the cat looks like a giant
I have so many animals and none of them love each other like this 
The crocheter in me is loving that blanket
I did this one time and I just saw my dog hump a toy and go to sleep.
Go cuse!! 
The video glitched and paused right at the part where the dogs face was in the cats ass and i dont know what to do how do i stop this
Dogo is like *babe, chill, we're on camera*
Video 18+
The dog is my boyfriend and I am the cat. He’s just trying to lay there and watch TV. Then I come in and move everything so I can get comfortably right into his personal space. 
When you have a boy over, and Mom and Dad leave the house...
Go Orange
Pure love 
r/eyebleach
This is so sweet, pure love ❤😊
"Nobody must ever know about this dog"
"It ok kat, hooman are gon"
Kitty kitty... lay down already doggo!
What breed is the dog?? 😊
they are bestfriends!!!!
I need more. 
CUUUUUUUUSE!

Also, cute pets. 
I'm the cat, husband is the dog, voila my marriage 
Oh my gosh 😭

:3 get a room you too :3
i need more footage 
Garfield and Odie are way snugglier than I remember...
This cat is totally in love with his couch buddy. I don’t think it thinks they can cuddle close enough 
So sensual 
"OK, listen - when the humans are home we pretend to hate each other, got it? When they leave, we can let our guard down.  No one will ever know . . ."
my fiancée wants to do this so bad
Human sacrifice, dogs and cats living together – mass hysteria.
This is a daily occurrence?! That is so amazing. 
Your cat looks big. I love big cats. 
This my dog and cat. Then 5 minutes later it’s a huge fight lol. I’m not really sure why they have such a love/hate relationship.
SO CUTE
Cutest thing I've seen in days
I'm always so amazed when cats and dogs get along. Where I grew up cats and dogs still fought the 1000 year war.
“Cuddle time!”
Both males and neutered my cat and dog were partners in crime. They would also cuddle together and nap.
That is adorable. I think the dog is like "Will you settle down already? The game is about to start!"
That dog looks like he knows to just let the cat do whatever. Real master/slave thing you got going on with the animal. 
The dog appears to be confused👍
our cat does this to my female lab. She gets that same wild eyed "wtf" look that this dog has.. LOL
Their secret is out of the bag
Awwwww
Wag twice if you are OK
[removed]
This is so precious, I've never been more happy watching a video in my life
 A symbiotic relationship

Like how kitty nuzzles the cute dog, saying I love you
@ginger\_cat\_and\_vizslas is their instagram
Aww snuggle babies 
Too adorable
Nice collar
Looks like an old married couple.
I do the same thing except the camera is hidden in my roommates bedroom so I can capture her and her boyfriend snuggle. 
My heart! 
The cats is me coming back to my bf for attention after I just yelled at him lmao
Can't move or kitty will get mad! 
I love how the dog is just thinking please don't scratch me
The forbidden sniggles
