We had a dog named Watson here, yesterday! Now we have Mycroft. All we're missing is Sherlock! 
Fluffy tail - Check

Wearing socks - Check

Adorable - Check

Yup, that's a nice fucking cat right there.
I misread that as Microsoft and thought, "this guy really likes windows" :)
Quick doodle: https://imgur.com/tin0xoz
An upvote for cuteness, a double upvote for name. 
What breed of cat is this?
It’s so fluffy I’m gonna die! 
Get another and name it Sherlock. Then get a dog and name it Watson.
Come on someone name a dog Moriarty.
I’m sorry you had to wait 28 years. The cat is beautiful. I hope you are joyous now with a new companion. 
It must feel so great!

It will be 15 years before I get another pet, that day will be glorious. I really miss having a pet. 

Cheers 
Look at those ear floofies!
Cat name of the week.

Easy win too. Seriously great choice of name. 
Very regal!
I honestly thought this was "Mycrosoft" at first...but my cat's name is Browser so maybe it's just me
Good name! My cat’s name is Sherlock!!
Good name.
That's a fuckin gorgeous kitty
Meowcroft!
Congratulations!!! In love with the ear floof 
Hello Minecraft!
What was her name again? Minecraft? Microsoft? 
Mycroft Ai? 
Can someone please explain how one picture of a cute cat gets 24 upvotes and the other gets 9,000 upvotes?  

Serious question. 
What is the name of this breed of cat? They’re so adorable.
That’s not a pet, that’s the love of your life right there. 
This cat got a perfect score on its SAT
You've waited 28yrs to have your first master more like 

What kind of cat is this 
Look at Mycroft posing so perfectly too! 
Ourcroft*
I like his ear whiskers 
[removed]
[deleted]
I don’t know why but that is such a Mycroft. Great name choice!
You might want to think about getting two. I had one for 5 yrs and she was all by herself. I work long hour days. I finally got another female and zoey my oldest is a completely different cat in a good. 
Help I’m locked in Keith Urban’s basement 
He look nervous but he ready 
at least it doesent have windows
Omg hes so fluffy I'm gunna die 
I love your cat.  He's gorgeous.
Cute cat. Hipster name.
For a second when it said mycroft, I thought it said Microsoft. I got very confused for a couple seconds.
Their name sounds like a Irish person saying Minecraft
Looks soft.  Like Mycrosoft.
Such a beautiful cat! 
looks so soft
Holy shit he is cute for a supervillain
How majestic!
She reminds me so much of my kitty who I loved for 17 years.  I hope she’s as loved as mine. ❤️

https://imgur.com/gallery/xDZ3suB
Who else mistakenly read the name as "Microsoft"?

&#x200B;
I submit that is not your pet, that is your supervisor. 
I’m the smart one Sherlock....
I Am The Smart One
You waited 28 years and couldn't even spell "have" right
I bet your cat looks at you dumb when you call it's name
what breeds this?
Why would you name your cat that
Ayup gonna pour one out to Mycroft 
Love the name! He will be up to no good I guess lol
Awesome name
wait a minute
Congratulations! I’m was just sitting here with my dog (Butters) sitting in my lap and watching my cats (Laverne and Shirley) play in an empty box and was thinking about how much joy they bring me...and I’m an old curmudgeon. Pets are the best!
Adorable kitteh and GREAT name choice!
Look at those ear tufts!
Worth it. 
What a great name for an adorable kitty
Your Croft is an adorable cat
too much fur.  the hair gets everywhere.  
he looks exactly like a mycroft!!
She knows "sit"!
I’m totally in love!!
That’s hell of a damn cat you got there! 
Cat's got Dr. Seuss feet. Fantastic.
(S)he's gorgeous! Congratulations. I'm sure they'll make a wonderful family member for you, and a great first pet!
Watching over Sherlock I presume?
Get out of my room I’m petting Mycroft!
Omg I just wana hug it so cute. 
Mycroft<3
/r/Supermodelcats
When I havr...well I know I'm gonna be...
What a proper name for a feline. Get a smaller one named Sherlock soon! 
O man that cat already knows it will get spoiled. :3 
So so so so so cute 🥰 enjoy him 
That is going to be one spoiled kitty.  Congratulations on your new furry baby 😻
So expressive!
Looks like a Mycroft. 

Fitting name
That is a super handsome kitty! I hope you are worth him OP!
I'd wait 28 years for her, too!
The fuzzies coming out of Mycroft’s paws 😍
Where is Sherlock?
Congrats on making the move and getting your first pet! :D I've always lived with pets, and they never fail to brighten your day. I wish you and Mycroft the best! 
Wow not really a cat person, but what a beauty
I could just have missed it in the huge amount of comments, but I have to know: Sherlock or seaQuest reference on the name?
Hello Microsoft
I've heard this name before somewhere in some movie or video game. Can someone please refresh my memory? 
Well, hello there mister Holmes!
That cat looks exactly like Judi Dench. 👍
awesome! I didn’t have my first pet until 26 (I’m 37 now), my cat Gracie. still got her. here’s to many years together! 
What a handsome fellow!
He seems very polite 
Mike Roft? Wow, what a name.
So Sherlock’s brother turned into a cute cat?
Cat be like: "the east wind is coming hooman, its coming to get you!"
" 'I am a . . . solitary . . . man,' he said. 'I do not suffer fools gladly, and I prefer to spend my time alone with a book and a decanter of brandy.' "
I waited a long time for my first pet too. It's THE BEST. I have two cats now and honestly it was the missing puzzle piece, my life is complete.

I wish you and Mycroft the happiest and fluffiest life together.
Some friendly tips on how to properly treat your new gato:

1.If you want to put restrictions on certain things just point you index finger out above his head and repeat "no" while pushing gently your hand towards him. This will help with some basic rules when it comes to your space and hygiene for your house, for example he'll try to get a hang of your food while you eat if you treat him from time to time with it, or maybe get on top of furniture not necessarily productive for him to be in, such as a dinner table.

2. Also, play with him, an intelligent pet requires this kind of interaction quite often, even more if you don't let him out the house, that will make him bond with you really quick. 

You can emulate small preys with objects, or even play hide and seek or tag each other lol it dont even take more than 5 min; don't forget lazers, and identifying bugs for him. 

Playing with you hands  is common, but it'll get obnoxious for him and you in time, and it also can backfire because everytime you go touch him, he'll start biting and clinging his nails onto you.

3. It may be funny or cute seeing him angry and annoyed, just don't push it to much, if you are interacting with him and all of the sudden he gets aggresive, just let him be...cats are real temperamental, if they don't like something they'll let you know right away. Give him his space, as same as you would like space in your life.

4. If you want to keep furniture save, put scratchers all over the place, or just on rooms he visits the most. Also, clean his box daily, just 1 time is enough.

5. Change his water regularly and call him for his meals if you can, nothing like seeing him all excited heading for his plate, he may even thank you with a disctintive short "purr" sound. Not a meow, it'll be more like a short vibrating sound.

6. Once bonding level 6 is achieved, he may bump his head on you to say hi while in purr mode, massage your belly or even just rub on you   to  show you his affection; bump your head with his' to achieve maximum bonding level. His tail will be curved to the side every time he tries to interact with you in this way.

7. If you see him wink at you, he's telling you he cares for you, so wink back! If you catch him staring at you, wink first and he may wink back, which in my humble opinion is just fucking awesome. 

Hope you find this helpfull! You got yourself an awesome cat, treat him well and you'll get the same response back! 






Mycroft?

&#x200B;

I hope you're giving him a good .... Holme(s).
That's a beautiful kitty! And a bonus face in the right ear!
Magnificent
This is the right name for this cat.
Your Mycroft is so cute! And it looks like your Mycroft and my Sherlock could be brothers! (Same grey with white belly patch and white socks, but less floof)
meet microsoft
Totally Worth the wait. Super cute cat
it was like 06:45 and i read “Minecraft“
[deleted]
Initially read Mycrosoft
Mycrosoft
mycroft or..yourcroft?
Not to mention sitting with front paws perfectly side by side with head ever so slightly tilted, nawwww.
What breed? Amazing cat, fantastic name.
I read the name as Microsoft then mycrosoft and thought you were trying to be funny with the names then finally read it as mycroft
What a beautiful cat! congratulations, and welcome to the world of being owned by a cat.
he's just a little kitty with a litter box. he gets two meals a day. he's a very good kitty. he's so fluffy and nice and he plays with strings he's so cuddly he's just the most amazing cat ever!

he looks cute and sweet :)

kind of looks like the long haired version of my cat Bo. Gray and white cats are VERY sweet and squishy in my experience. And they hide how smart they are by being quieter than other cats. Bo doesn't meow that much. Just when it's mealtime, lol. Or when I get home... jk I guess he meows all the time.
Y'know when you lay eyes on someone and you just instantly know what their name is, and it turns out you're right?

That is this cat.  This cat was Mycroft the moment I saw it, the name is absolutely perfect for this fluffy little ball of cute.
That face says “how long do I have to stand like this?”
Is it just me or is the Batman symbol outlined on its chest?
It’s got a downvote on its chest...  
everyone UPDOOT as much as you can!
Your cat is beautiful! It’s so wonderful to finally get an animal when circumstances dictate otherwise. 

My longhair dachshund is named Mycroft, I’ve never seen anyone else with the name!

I’ve only had four people know what it was from as well, and most of them knew it from the stories. We get a lot of “Minecraft?” “Microsoft?”.

The jokes are great though. “That’s not My Croft, that’s Your Croft!” Bonus points if your first name is Lara :D I get to pull “this is Lara’s Croft” whenever I’m feeling silly. 
Mycroft? What? 
Meincrompth
Should have named Meowcroft. You missed a chance.
Where’d you get the name from? Cute though 😍
Sorry I didn't understand you correctly.

Did you say Microsoft or Minecraft? 
No Shit Sherlock.
Shame you couldn't wait three more seconds to proofread your title.
28 years to think of a good name, and you came with Mycroft? (:
I think you misspelled Microsoft
First pet....names it Mycroft....your winging it aren't you lol
is Mycroft short for Microsoft which is short for Micro-Fiber-Soft?
He looks like a Pomeranian cat 
So cute!! 
Awww! I have a pig named Mycroft! 
Now you'll have to wait 28 more because I'm petting that catto and bringing him with me.
Your Croft is adorable
What was the editing on the floor for
Soooo cute oh my goodness
:DDDDDDD
Microsoft
worth the wait.
Such a cutie! Perf character name choice! 
Adorable, obviously. 
Everyone meet Microsoft.
Welcome,  Mycroft! 
What self posession.  He deserves such a great name.  Good kitty.  
Mycroft is the perfect name for this cat.
OMG! so fluffy im gonna die!
Great name!
He looks just like a Mycroft!
Is name Heinlein or Sherlock inspired? Adorable kitty, hope you have decades of snuggles and play together.
Pussycat!
Now you need another called Sherlock (since they were brothers in Doyle’s stories)
Precious!
Doyle or Fforde?
Some ear whiskers you have there Mycroft 
Lol. You didn't get a pet. That cat got a human.
Well hi Microsoft!
Fucking cute,  I don't think this one is an asshole, but he's gonna be a bad ass in 15 years.  
Have a brother cat named sherlock
That's the cat version of nice Midwestern librarian. Good job. 
That name, yes.
Wow mycroft looks so perfectly floofy
OMG, so fluffy and cute!!!!
BEST NAME YES
Mycroft, could I borrow your notes from lab? 
Could almost be a sibling of my cat, they look so similar!
 Mycroft look so nice and kind though
hi angel 
Get another and name him Sherlock
Mycroft Holmes
What took so long? Congrats! Mycroft is beautiful!!!
The game is on!
So....Myceoft?
But .. this is not a dog. 
Why.

Jk, congrats! He’s SO cute!
Literally so gorgeous that my heart hurts with the desire to have a cat again.
Mycroft is perfect! Congrats! 
Omg she’s beautiful
Show or book?
What about Sherlock?
Cat
Cat
Cat
Cat
Cat
Cat
If you don’t mind me asking, why 28 years?
Cat
Cat
That is a cat
GORGEOUS. What a beautiful cat
Mycroft's holme.
He’s called Mycroft but he seems Micro and soft...
He looks very polite
Look at that dapper little gentleman! Congratulations, OP. 
you are lucky to have a cat like this
Elegant.
I read Microsoft 
So elegant.
So FLUFFY! Congrats on the new family member my dude. 
What a cutie! Congrats!!!
Looks like a shy one. 
Mycroft Canner?
Solid Maine coon mix op. 10/10 congrats. 
Damn he really does look like a Mycroft 
i thought you named the cat Microsoft for a minuet 
That is the face of an angel! 
My cats name is Miss Monster but she’s the most docile cat ever :) we both have name out cats weird names
You made a good choice.
Sherlock or Avernum? I'm gonna pretend it's Avernum.
Get him a partner and name him Purrlock.
Sooooooooo fucking cute!!!!!!
Very proper
Yup, a cat.
Beautiful
That’s not a pet ... that’s a cat 
Very pretty!
This cat has already started plotting your death. 
He's cute, but I doubt my cat Moriarty would like him very much
Looks very..... fully functioning
You choose wrong
Isn't he a handsome boy
My cats name is Sherlock. Think they’d get along?
28 years and you haven't learned to proofread before you post. 
hey youuuuuuuu
Cute Kitty 
Had to alch my armadyl godsword to feel manly again
Well put together cat to say the least! 
Gorgeous!!
She's so pretty!
KIIITTAAAAYYYYY!!......*phew* hi
<3
Meowcroft
She's perfect. Definitely worth the wait!
sharrlocc
Ugh
That's a fuckin nice kitty
wait im not hating or anything but does this post get upvotes because u waited 28yrs? or because the cat is adorable lol
Great name! Now where’s Sherlock?....
H a v r
If the cat is peeing inside/on clothes/carpet/bed it probably has a UTI.

(I say this to all first time cat owners, because even many vets don’t know this)
So many tufts! 
Floof!! Congrats on your new family member! :)
I DID MY WAITING, 28 YEARS OF IT !
is Mycrosoft?
I hate it when a cat is more beautiful than me. And it happens a lot.
Dapper as fuck.
That cat's cute AF.
I’m glad he found a good Holmes. 
It's like the cat is asking, "So is this gonna be a regular thing?"  I hope so! 

Congrats!  I'm jealous since I can't have one of my own right now.
Literally thought it said Mycrosoft lol
The only reason I downvoted is because you WAITED TOO LONG!!! (just kidding no downvote also congrats on the hellcat that adopted you)
Oh my lord I am gritting my teeth so hard . So damn cute !!!!
I love how you named him Mycroft.
Mycroft got all those up-votes...    by shining a laser pointer at Reddit Comments.
I love the furry ears
Off to Terrible start with that name...
Gonna guess the breed is a ragamuffin, looks very similar to our cat Rufus (in his case Dufus will suffice, he's not the brightest bulb in the box). If your gorgeous day is a ragamuffin, they're an off-shoot of ragdoll cats, with very fine almost downy fur, ear tufts, and for some reason they love to be cradled like babies. Thanks for the pic, Mycroft looks like a lot of fun!
The name tho Sherlock's brother
He needs a little brother named Sherlock. 
Mycroft is a handsome boy! Congratulations on him getting his first pet human! 
Love the name, love the Kitty. 
That is a fucking adorable cat. 

Also, I like the ear-hair. 
Purrfect name
Earstache on point.
Artyom
Idk why I read "Microsoft"
oh my ...beautiful

&#x200B;
Someone give this kitty a top hat 🎩
Shut the Front Door - that is one stunning, adorable cat!!! Enjoy :}
J
I read that as Microsoft 
That's a gorgeous first pet. Congrats. 
Welcome to the #Familiesw/Pets side ! 
Oh my god! Looks exactly like my childhood cat Fedy! I used to read to her and feed her graham crackers. Adorable kitty!
Pretty kitty
She looks like a puddle shrimp
Beautiful cat!
Did you want a cat as a 6 or 18 months old baby too? 
its is a big floof
So adorable, you have been adopted by a beauty.
DON'T FUCK IT UP! 
why mycroft
Prepare for an intense hatred that you will sometimes enjoy.
Cutie
Awesome name!! 
Beautifull cat.
New member in the family❤️❤️❤️
Mycrosoft!! :D
That's a beautiful little monster
Bruh that’s a really cute cat 
That most Mycroft-y of Mycrofts 😍
Adorbz!
goodness i thought it said “Everyone, meet Minecraft.”
Nyancroft.  (\^.\_.\^  =)\~  
get one more and name him sherlock so they can squabble all day long and declare one another as their arch-enemy.
Don't get the name.  Beautiful cat. 
MA! Ma! Theres weird looking cat that looks like grandma!
What's a croft
Behold the adorable furry face of a soulless murder-fluff
I love his name!
Plain af
He IS a lord
Hello kitty!
Looks like a good kitty. I got my first pet at 25 last year. Me and my girlfriend adopted a cat who was 8 years old at the time. We love her and she’s happy being with us, we like a quiet home and so does our cat.
Look at that face-chaos awaits! Congrats 
You know something? That cat LOOKS like a Mycroft. Don't know why, but he does. 
Mycro(so)ft Companion 
Mycroft looks chill af.
I think he's quite S O F T
Why are redditors so bad at naming animals?
Those ear-whiskers could detect a soviet missile launch from Des Moines.
Holy shit

How majestic
Mycroft is the perfect name for that cat!
What a beautiful floof. Worth the wait! 
Looks like a Mycroft with the judgy eyes.
Probably the cutest cat I've seen in my life 
Such a poser! But my vote is for the name! 
The ear hair on this one...beaut! 
Congratulations 
I am also waiting to get my first pet since my parents didn't allow me to get one...will get one as soon as I get my affairs in order......congratulations man!!
Minecraft 
Havr???
Oh gosh I just want to hug him!! I love the little hair whisking down from the ears.  Looks so warm and cuddly!
Yourcroft is very cute
😍
Is he soft
If I havr, I’m gonna be The Who havr’s next to you
Yourcroft is very cute
Shes so pretty 
Come that name
Omg you’re going to fall in love. I’m so happy for you. 
Love the name!?!?
Mycrosoft?
That’s one of the cutest cats I’ve ever seen!! 😻
Beautiful cat.
The Mycroft yo your Sherlock 🕵️‍♂️ 
 Cool name!
28 000 upvotes for 28 years
Ear sprouts! Toe sprouts! Floof!
Those ear tufts just won't quit.
I REEAALLY want a dog a cat. I'm in school though, and I have little money. One day I'll get them. One day when I'm in my fifties probably when I have a little more time and money. 
*gasp*
You waited 28 years so you could name a cat Mycroft
Cute

Yourcroft is very cute 
Mycroft? like the jerk brother of Sherlock Holmes?🤙 sweet kitty
Havr goat 
Majestic floof.
28 years is worth it 
Looks so shy!!!!! Omg so fruffy 
He's lovely! I hope you both get on well together :)
Crushed the name. MYCROFT. Love it
And we'll be Sherlocked
Your gonna go into the vet and say that name? 
I've been waiting for 27 tears and still don't have a pet. I can feel your joy. 
Mycroft will bring you happiness. :)
OP too lazy to read the title.
Mycrotch
i’m assuming you are a gloriously white person. As only one of my Caucasian brothers and sisters would name their cat Mycroft.
I thought it said Microsoft, which makes sense. He's micro and he's soft
_GIMME NOW_
If it was a human we would be disgusted with long hair coming out of the ears. Here it's super cute. 

Congratulations on the cat! :)
Is your name, Lara?
Of course that cat is named Mycroft. You say it. I look at him. That is 100% a Mycroft.
Just watched a Sherlock Holmes movie yesterday. The name really stuck with me. Great name choice.
If he is soft, he is microsoft
I think of Minecraft with that name
kitties with socks give me life 
Little Mycroft belongs to r/supermodelcats 😍 So photogenic. 
Your cat has the image of a young man/boy in their right ear.
28 years to typo the title.

Unbelievably cute cat tho!!
Looks like my cat, is she cymric?
Mycroft, so soft.
wow awful name
Hey does this cat have round pupils?
Don't have all housecats the slit like one?
All he needs is a lady companion called Lucy furr.
Please get his booster at 16 weeks in case of maternal antibodies.
Upvote for an awesome name and a gorgeous cat! 
He’s beautiful!
Hope you havr a real long time!
That is the most elegant, beautiful cat I have ever seen. I am crying because I love cats and I am alone.
My god what a beautiful animal
 Annoyed at the lack of Sherlock references.
Mycroft ey? Do they have a brother named Sherlock!
Lemme preface this. You're cat made me think of this beautiful girl with cats. 

I hope its treated the same way you would any person you love. 
He’s marvelous!
I'd pet this critter.... I hate being allergic to critters.
Gorgeous
He looks very polite.
Cute and with extra long ear-brows!
He looks very soft. Mycrosoft.
I would die for him
I love the name!
He's gorgeous! What breed is he (or she)?
My cat is called Moriarty :D
weird urge to reach for my old man ear-hair trimmer..
How many years were you planning that name?
Mycroft a g
your puss looks majestic.
Dumbest fucking name I but it’s not like it cares what you call it 
Cat owner. Sherlock Holmes "nerd/geek"

Yeah. Cat people are weird.
I want him to be my Croft. 
😍😍😍😍😍
I think Mycroft is a very suiting name
When can we meet Mycrotch? 
I opened this, and awed out loud. Cuteness overload. Definitely worth the wait. Enjoy your new companion!
M̶i̶c̶r̶o̶s̶o̶f̶t̶  Mycroft
Majestic! What breed?! 
That's a fine fucking Kitty right there. 
holmes, mycroft holmes
it’s spelled Microsoft
Hey mycroft, what's the weather forecast for today
gonna install some windows next?
REALLY CUTE!!! 
What kinda cat is this? He/she is beautiful!
That is somehow the perfect stature for Mycroft.
Omg that cat is so fucking cute 
Thank you for introducing us to Yourcroft. 
He looks like a Mycroft.
he looks like a cuddle bunny, just so cute
Hey Mycroft, where is Sherlock?
Named after the Sherlock Holmes character or the Jasper Fforde character?
That is a NICE cat!
Definitely looks like a Mycroft. Perfect name for a perfect kittie
>Fluffy tail - Check

>Wearing socks - Check

>Adorable - Check

>Yup, that's a nice fucking cat right there.

Yep, top comment got it right. My question...how did you come up with his name?  It's sort of unusual, even though I've heard quite a few that are more unusual. 

Happy 1st cat day. 

E. Aww, he has white murder mitts. So cute and innocent. Watch your back. /s
Love the name!
Where is his high functioning sociopath of a brother? 
Perfect in everything, So cute
that is the cutest living thing I have and ever will see 
GREAT name choice. Love the Holmes reference. 
I'd call it "Microsoft" by mistake
Made by Mycrosoft
I thought you named her Microsoft
Congratulations what a sweetie pie!
Lol this dude named his cat minecraft. gamers rise up!
Oh Mycroft is a fantastic cat name! 
Congrats! Is he the ragamuffin from Softkitty?
He's absolutely beautiful!

Totes adorbs. 
That’s a fuckin cute cat
You’re done 
Love the name
Mycroft is perfect! I love the name too! We have a marvel/Asgardian theme, we currently have a Loki so I feel like we should keep it going lol. 

Pls give Mycroft lots of scritches and pets from me! 
He’s GORGEOUS CONGRATS 
Excellent choice of name!
Microsoft
WHAT AN ANGEL😫😫
One cute catto 10/10 would recommend for fluff
R u a fan of Sherlock Holmes
The most beautiful cat, your very lucky.
33 years and still counting :( I want one soooo badly.
Mycroft is an amazing, and quite perfect name for this kitty
I wish I could upvote this a million times. 
Omg I mmmmm not a cat person but that is one cute fucking cat
She is cute 
Omg what breed is that, I want the same cat in the future
Is he soft ?
Mycrosoft
Omg what a beautiful cat! Were there more kittens in the litter and are there any left? I want one!
Perfect name
Oh what a superb Nom de Purr!  And what heavenly fuzz! Dear Mycroft. 
Outta the gate with the cutest cat I have ever seen.....well done.
💖
Omg he’s precious!
Why did i read that as minecraft
Must you be that British to name that adorable guy Mycroft?
When are you getting Sherlock?
Great name. Mine’s called Moriarty. 
Welcome to the wonderful world of purring and sand paper kisses!!!

SO DAMN CUTE AND FLUFFY. IT KNOWS HOW TO POSE FOR A PICTURE TOO. IM OBSESSED WITH CATS BUT I DONT EVEN HAVE ONE!!! WHY AM I SCREAMING?!?!?!?!? I LOVE CATS
that cat is so... aaaAAAAAAAUUUUAAAAAAGGGHHHH!!!!!!!
Minecraaaaft 

Congratulations!! It's the most overwhelming, exciting, lowkey scary yet highkey rewarding experience. Hope you guys have a lifetime of happiness :)
Gimme
Wow, this is one gorgeous cat.
Now you need a Sherlock.
Hi Mycroft. Your very cute.
What breed is that? Maincoon + British short hair? Cute AF!
You’ve waited 28 years too long my friend! 
Those hairy ears are something special!
That cat looks adorable AND majestic! 
Your cat is fucking adorable!
Regal AF
Where did you get that name?  I love it! 
hi, i'd just like to tell you that i'd die for mycroft
I'm whisper screaming it's so fucking cute
Worth it
He looks suitably solemn for the occasion.
I hope to god you have a leather sofa. 
Microsoft?
so everyone is gonna act like he did not say 28 years? 
WHYYYY?!

I NEED TO KNOW :/
Super cute! Look at the fluffy tail and hairy ears 🖤🖤
This is one of the most adorable cats I've ever seen!
Hi Microsoft
minecraft
Looks sweet-natured. Congratulations!
She’s beautiful, wish you happiness with your wonderful new pet 
Am I the only one worried about the typo?
havr a nice time with it
He looks like mycroft lmao
Elementary!
Beautiful
It would seem Mr. Holmes that you’ve found the purrfect flat and the right human. Well done sir.


Now you need to get a brother named Sherlock.
Mycroft Holmes is that you?
The kitter looks so sweet and innocent. Love their eyes!
Mycrosoft
Welp, the next one your get has to be named Sherlock...
Adopt don't shop
Look at that adorable, scheming bastard.
Why people always gotta give their pets weird names ? 
Sherlock's crafty brother....
We love Mycroft 
LOOK AT THE EAR FLOOFS 
He looks perpetually disappointed with his high functioning sociopath brother
Cuuuuuute.
So handsome! And I love the name! 
Mycroft has finally found the best of all Holmes.
28 yrs.... thats so long !!! Mycroft looks so adorable.
I want a cat like that 😢 
whats this breed?

&#x200B;
Congratulations on your first fur person. Great name. Brother of Sherlock no less.
What a fucking beautiful feline. 
Great name, beautiful creature.
Mycroft is gonna be a huge asshole to you but thats okay because itll be your asshole that you can cuddle with is fluffy haha 
Congratulations on your new furred family member! May you have many happy years of cuddles & scritches together!
So, why are cats so famous these days? 🤗
Nicccceeee. 
He's so cute!!!
I can't wait for this feeling.
28 years, just to name this beautiful creature Mycroft. Cat looks lovely 
Did you get that name from South Park? Didn't South Park talk about what Mycroft is?
Why call your cat minecraft lmao
TANSTAAFL mate
I always wanted a long haired cat that looks like that 😍 I love the ear tufts and the slight grumpy face
Been watching some Sherlock have you?
Very lovely!
[It's so fluffy](https://i.imgur.com/c732z.gif)
Precious, I'll be able to do the same this year and I'm 29. Can't wait!
Really cute! Take good care of her.
The cats eyes even doesn't look evil!! :O
Wow such a fluffy cat, a very beautiful cat congrats.
😍😍😍 oh its little bib and ear fluff 
He looks so well behaved 😂😂
And may you enjoy many many more years together.
Not pet...best friend!
Hello,kitten!
Mycr-s-oft
CUUUTE
congratulations! 27 now. still can't have a snake. 
Did read it as Mein Kampf?

Some of us are waiting their whole lifetime for a cat 😪
Go get another one and name it Sherlock!
Almost Heaven
I love the tufts of ear hair! So cute
Hi mycroft 😊
Mycroft is heckin adorable!!! I've been waiting 26 years to finally have my own pet... Guess I'll have to bare it out 2 more years.
Your cat looks so cute! 
28 years to come up with a name. 

Choses Mycroft.

Ok.
Perfect name 👍
Finally, my long-lost brother! Finally! Now we can commit all the crimes!... I mean, solve. Solve them, sure.

https://ic.pics.livejournal.com/wolfox/3113306/214695/214695_800.jpg

(his name is Sherlock, and I sure hope your cat is more of a gentleman than ours Holmes family member is)
She’s a beaut, Clark!
Rule number one be mindful of your door at all times lol
Thought it was your first pet, not your first croft
OMG this cat is so damn adorable!!!
That mf cat is Adorable af!!! 
Mycroft is such a great name.  Are you a Sherlock Holmes fan or is it by happenstance you chose this name?
OMG looks exactly like my Josie RIP ❤️ she was the sweetest cat ever!!!
Total adorableness!!!
As a Sherlock Holmes fan I approve. If you get them a friend may I suggest Moriarty or perhaps Carbuncle if you want to be less obvious.
Mister Holmes! 
I lovr her
Oh cool. My kids love minecraft.
Why did I think that said Microsoft? 
All he needs is an umbrella. 
Beautiful. I don’t even really like cats. 
Perfect pet! Congrats
Ourcroft*
Well worth the wait. What an absolute floofy cutie pie! 
That is literally Mycroft Holmes in cat form. Excellent choice of name.
Like Sherlock's brother ?
Congrats on being adopted by a beautiful kitty OP
I thought it said «Microsoft». 😂 Would be cool too. That is one CUTE cat tho 😍
He's a cutie.  Hi bud.  Take good care of your new human. 
Where’s Sherlock
Woooooooow, handsome af. Good choice 
Shitty name but that cat is cute as fuck.
Gorgeous. 
Wow!! Beautiful cat!!!!
Hello adorable :D 
"*Unwise*, b*rother mine*."
What? Microsoft?
who is the guy in the right ear?
Well I’ll give you a mulligan on the name 
Welcome to the Feline Fascination club, Mycroft. Rules of domestication include laying directly on keyboards and the top of your slave's head, forgoing expensive toys in favor of a ball of foil and that flies are sky raisins ❤️
That posture
Adorable
 Holy moly, one of the cutest cats I have honestly ever seen 
My name is Mycroft or Microsoft. 🥺
Wtf is a mycroft
You may soon find that one just isn’t enough!  Hello Mycroft! 
Not often do I go vocalise "Awft, he's good" in a pet voice on a crowded train. But boy do I not regret it 12/10, best floofer.
Now you'll have to get a sibling named Sherlock. 
Holmes, sweet Holmes.
68K likes of a picture of a cat



I’m proud Reddit, we’ve done it together, one by one.
Oooh I just love him! 
Cutest ‘little allergy causing ball’ of fur
She looks like my friend's kitty
Mysoft 
What a little darling!
So sooo beautiful!!!!
Worth it!! What a cutie. 
Your croft is wonderful.
Your Croft looks nice.
So floof
Is he the smarter brother?
why u call your pet microsoft
So Majestic ! you are well awarded for your patience
His 'face' looks so young. Adorable, and congratulations for both of you!
Heh heh. We have a little Mycroft too!
Great name! Even cuter kitty! 
Now you need a Sherlock
your patience has been rewarded. congratulations
Congratulations! Now get get her some food and a clean pile of laundry to lay on. And make it snappy.
Cute cat. Solid name. You doing things right OP! Congrats on your first pet
LOOOVE the name!😍
Mycrowsoft
Oh gosh he has the most adorable old man ear hair!
This is a ridiculously attractive kitty
Off to the Diogenes club.
28 years, 13 words, 1 typo.
Thanks for the cat name!
Omg so fucking cute
DAMN BOI HE THICC
So, a Sherlock fan? 😁
So, his name is just Croft then
Oh my goodness.. 
He’s going to be majestic. 
Worth the waiting 
HI MYCROFT!
Awww even the ears are furry, very cute 
Mycroft Holmes is so adorable
r/supermodelcats
Mycroft Holmes? Omg i love you
He needs a companion named Sherlock
Wow <3
Aww
This cat was born to be a reddit star!
Ear hair game on point
He’s a beauty 
I read Microsoft at first
I applaud you on your choice of name. Definitely the adorable face of a mischief maker. 
That's a *damn* fine name! And an adorable kitty, too!
Helllooooo
Why did you wait that long? 
Purrfect 😻
Now he absolutely needs a brother named Sherlock!
That's one smart looking cat. 
I thought it said it said Microsoft for a second
Looks like such a proper, posh kitty. Mycroft is beautiful. 
28 years and that's the best name you could muster? 
Omg this is the best name and cutest wittle kitty
It is old fashioned. Mycroft XP

Absolutely amazing cat...
"Dear brother mine"
Should've named Windows smh
There is hair growing out of his ear
/r/supermodelcats
That’s some serious ear fluff
Mycroft is bloody adorable and I love the name!
Beautiful tiny lynx<3
Very well. Better and must obey it
Probably the most beautiful cat I've ever seen.
Which breed is this?1
That cat looks fancy enough to be a Mycroft. More class than a tuxedo. I need etiquette lessons from this kitten. So refined. So dapper.

Also, is he a Maine Coon? Bc them tufty ears and those big ol' paws!
Where's my boy Moriorti at?
Congrats.   He is cute.
Love the name 
Super lovely angel. Enjoy your lives together. 💓 💓
Now it's Yourcroft!
Majestic 
That is a majestic fluff
So pretty and cute!!!!!!!!! 
OMG! Kitty actually looks like a Mycroft! Cuteness level: godlike.
when you're an adult and get your first pet, you'll always appreciate an animal more. 
What a cute baby!!!
Puurrrrrfection.
Hi Minecraft 
that's a fantastic name!!
Aww so cute
Well he Sherlock's good!
I’ll have to turn on Mycrof soft updates
So adorable!
Lara Croft??
What a sweet little mineau you have.
I really lovr your cat! It's so cutr.
Cute... Agresssion... Rising... SO FREAKING ADORABLE I WANT TO SMOOSH IT
Brilliant mycroft!!!!😍
You pet him! You pet him right now!
That is one damn cute cat! You sir have won today!
congratulations really I love bets and specially cat :)
Meowcroft
Mycrof if fluffy
Very cute cat, congratulations 
My god that pose!
OMG, those ear tufts!  those paws!  those eyes!  that face!  that tail! that bib!

He's perfect!
...Mycroft? Yourcroft! Beautiful kitteh
Nice cat name.
What a dapper little fella!
Well worth the wait.
Hello, you is adorable. I’ll take two clones please, k, thx
His face ❤️
With that name, I wanted him to be a ginger. Nonetheless, a beautiful cat!
Floof! Love it
I love her
Love the name!
I cant believe mycroft is such a perfect name for a cat! Definitely gonna name my cat the same when im 28 too :D
Don’t judge Mycroft because he’s beautiful. 
Petition for OP to get a goldfish and name it Sherlock. 
Soft kitty
It’s early and I read Microsoft. 
That's not a croft. That's a cat
He a fluf boy
This is like the ideal cat
