Is this the doggy equivalent of love at first sight?
Jesus, how could you not?
They just want to be loved.  You can tell the ones who have experienced love and loss. 
These slow and caring pets on the dog's head already tell he made a place for him in his heart :sob:
‘You are my human now. Resistance is futile’

Wow, my first ever Silver! Thanks etc 
I would have adopted her as well.

I got my kelpie from the pound. Every other dog in the place was barking their heads off at the front of the cages, but he was sitting with his back hard up against the back of the cage not making a sound, and every fibre of his being just screamed THIS FUCKING SUCKS!!

I knew he was the one that needed to come home with me.
I don't want a dog

i can't have a dog

I can't afford a dog.

I don't like dogs

(Dog hugs)

How do i restructure my entire life so I can live with this dog forever?
That dog already loves him, how could you not adopt  him?
Correction the dog adopted him  ;)
What a great story 
When I adopted my cat years back he did just this. Jumped on me like this dog and flirted his way into my heart. Lost my little buddy to cancer a year ago and recently visited the shelter where I got him. I broke down when I saw the room I first found him in. I guess I had a hard time understanding why he wasn't there waiting for me to adopt him a second time. Still, it doesn't mean I can't give that love to another shelter animal some day. Adopting a pet is one of the best feelings ever and even the shy buddies will be eternally grateful to you for it. I'm still glad I got to experience that bond.
I have lost count of the days

Since I saw myself left here.

I don't know if it is days, or weeks,

Or months, perhaps a year?

&#x200B;

And I've lost count of the people

Who have looked, then passed me by

As another, cuter, younger,

Went and caught that human's eye.

&#x200B;

And I've lost count of my brethren

Who have come, and who have gone,

Some of whom for I am happy,

Some of whom for now I mourn.

&#x200B;

So I'm done with being idle,

Done with sitting in this pound.

I am going, and it's final;

You're my human.  You are found.
Her* Unless this is a breed with long ass nipples that I didn’t know about?
Id like to believe your story,  but you sure that's a male dog?
This is how I ended up with my Aussie. Went with a friend as the “hey I’m going to BFE can you come” guy. Ended up there for more than an hour talking to the family and this one puppy kept following me wherever I went. She just wouldn’t leave me alone. Left because life didn’t really lend me the time to raise a dog. Half way down the dirt road I broke and went back for her. Life changed for the dog. 7 years later I’m about to walk into my house and calm her down so I can get through the door. Hope I get at least 7 more but it still won’t be enough. 
“Yep, I think I found the one. I would like to adopt this human please!”
When there ain’t no sunshine when he’s gone
My first cat Clyde, did this to me.  We were walking through the shelter looking at kittens, who were all up in the eye level top row being adorable and smol.  I stopped and checked out a little Siamese who eventually seemed uninterested enough for me to move on, but when I went to move on I felt claws in my calf.  I looked down and saw these huge grizzled tabby paws wrapped around my leg.  So I bent down to unlatch the beast and met Clyde.  He was older, and had a long healed, but busted tail that wrapped around itself in a circle and had been there so long the shelter practically paid me to take him.  He was ugly, and he was huge, and he was old, and everybody thought he was a bobcat because of his tail, but the 5 years I got with that old man were the best.  Sometimes they just pick you, and when you get picked they're the best.
Did he actually? Any proof? I wanna believe but the internet has made me doubtful.
Reminds me of my first dog.  I never had a dog growing up but we had a cat for 17 years and I always assumed that I was a cat person.  All of that changed in a second when my wife gave me my first dog when I was 38 on our anniversary.  The second I saw her I knew she was going to be my best friend.  She was a six year old Rottweiler that had obviously had pups recently and had a broken canine tooth that just made her adorable. 


 The shelter told us that she was found on the street starving and she had several broken teeth. It took them a month to get her healthy enough to adopt.  She was the sweetest dog and got along with our cats and kids like they were her own pups.   We had eight great years together where I made sure that she never missed another meal and she made sure that my feet and lap always stayed warm before she passed at the age of fourteen.
I couldn't find anything on the authenticity of the video after a quick Googling, but a few of things support OP's claim:

* background barking supports the animal shelter setting
* as does the cheap, plain collars the two dogs are wearing
* guy has a big camera that journalists would use
* he's wearing (what looks like) a journalist-y vest
* he gestures to someone off camera as if to say "Do you see what's going on here? What IS going on here?"
I love dogs 
Even if that happened to me, living in a really small appartement, I wouldn’t be able to adopt it. It would probably be more sad if I did.
What a sweet doggo ☺️
Pretty sure that is not a him but rather a her that recently had puppies...
He was saying : ur my human now. Plz dont leave me! 😭😭😭😭😭❤
and It turned out that the dog recognized his bestest friend from his previous life when that journalist was just a little boy
Not to be that guy, but this was posted in r/gifs and you look like a karma farmer for accounts.

Please prove me wrong and put up some info on the adoption.
To me, the purest thing in this world is when a dog or cat clearly chooses you as their person like this dog did. A few years back, I lost my dog that I raised from a pup through a bad break up. It took me a few years to want another animal in my life. I ended up going to an animal shelter, I walked around where they kept their cats, went around to see which cat basically would be attracted to me (because I knew cats especially had to choose you), and none of them responded to me. Getting to the point to where I was thinking that none of the cats wanted me, I went to get sit down on one of the cushions so that I could at least play with some of the kittens, immediately once I sat down, a male tabby and a female calico jumped right on me, and they started yelling at me that I was basically going to adopt them. That day happened 5 years ago, and they love their home with me
How could anyone leave him .My heart breaks for him he just wants to be loved.Im sure the dog sensed something good about this particular human. I hope this post is true.
“The journalist eventually adopted him.”

The ONLY correct ending to the story.
Usually you pick out the dog. But sometimes the dog picks you.
I just adopted a chow mix. He's 11 months old and was a stray who had been starved. His shelter experience was horrible and his foster moms place was chaotic at best. I've had him for three weeks and I've never met a more grateful dog. He is so scared of absolutely everything but he trusts me and he gets so excited to do anything with me. When I have to chastise him, he's immediately a little shamed and looks up at me with these eyes that seem to say "oh sorry, I really didn't know" 

Despite everything bad that's happened in his short life he's the happiest, most playful dog and he just tries so hard. I can't wait to see him grow into a sweet confident dog. 
[deleted]
Dog Adopts Human: A Love Story
Didnt know dogs could be journalists, the more you know

I want so badly to adopt a shelter dog, but it's just so needlessly expensive. My apartment complex charges a $500 pet deposit, only half of which is refundable. Then it's a $75/month increase to my rent to have a dog in the house. That's only if I clear an in-home inspection from the complex operators. All this stuff before any adoption fees/registration/medical expenses. I make like $1700 per month and I don't know if I'll ever swing it. 
I can only see my dog on weekends because of college and every time I tell her I have to go she grabs my leg like that so that I don't leave her 😥
How could you not?!
I’m going to allow myself to believe that this is true.
When we first adopted our girl a few years back, I swear she'd never been loved before. She's a pit-lab mix (2 years old at the time). She hated snuggling, didn't seem to know how to play with toys/humans, and always acted as the alpha around our other sweet girl (boxer-bulldog mix, 8 years old at the time)

Now, nearly four years later, she absolutely craves love and attention, loves wrestling with me or my 10 year old son, plays all the time, begs to come with me when I run errands, and - my favorite - RUNS to my son or daughter's bed every. single. night. to have a sleepover. For my son, she lies where a pillow would be and he uses her as one. For my daughter, she lies next to her, under the covers. 
Funny, this is also how I got most of the men I've dated. 
Works every time. 
Did the journalist.  It's breaking my heart seeing this dog beg for love.  
Adopt don't shop. 
There's an OG dog at that shelter who, over the years, got cynical over many owners coming and going. OG saw the despair of the newb and sat and talked to comfort.

"You'll know when you will have the opportunity."

"But how?"

"I can't answer this, child, only you will know."

True story
Jesus Christ. Who could say no?
Take me home friend. I will be your best friend - Doggy.
That's adorable and heartbreaking,  because a reaction like that is probably a result of neglect. I'm glad that journalist was their that day.
Actually it would appear the dog adopted this journalist
I went into a petsmart to buy a collar and food bowl for a tiny pit mix my brother gave me. And when I walked in, there was an adoption event going on. I looked over and made eye contact with the most adorable and chubby puppy. I went and got what I needed but couldn't resist going to look at him. They told me he had been returned twice. They let me hold him and he just licked the shit out of my face. That was it. I didn't have the $150 adoption fee at the time so being the grown up I was, I didn't pay my cell phone bill that month and took the chubby guy home. Best decision ever. He was my heart dog. Was always by my side. I went through a lot and at the end of the day, he was always there to comfort me and be a friend. My best friend. He didn't quite make it to 6. He had a tumor in his stomach that kept growing and was too large to do surgery on. The vet gave him 3 weeks. I felt like someone kicked me in the stomach. My little guy hung on for 6 weeks. I think he did for me cause I wasn't ready to lose him. He let me know when it was time. We took him to the emergency vet at 5 in the morning. They let me love him for a bit before they put him down. We locked eyes one more time and he gave me the sweetest little kiss before she administered the shot. Was one of the most heart breaking moments in my life but I'm glad I was there to be the last thing he saw before he went. We don't deserve dogs. 😭
I’m not crying you’re crying. 
Jesus, this video is currently making me absolutely bawl.
Right in the feels 
Yesssss she/he adopted him ❤❤❤
Man. Dogs 🐕. 
We don’t deserve dogs
If a dog does this to you, it’s a done deal.  My little  lab/pit mix (rip) was supposed to be for my uncle, but when she made a beeline for me and jumped in my lap, it was game over.   I miss her, but glad I got to have that bond with her.
My current dog picked me. My inlaws were getting a puppy and her littermate walked over and laid her head on me. She's such a fearful dog that she had never let anyone pet her before without being caught and held in place to get shots and whatnot. But she chose me and i'm the luckiest person ever.  She's made of love.

Well,97% love, 2% fur and 1% dog smell. She's my oxytocin dog.
You kind of have t adopt the dog after that
This is how I adopted my Norwegian Forest cat, Jax! I was at a Peaceable Kingdom, a local non profit shelter. I was checking the cats out, opening the crates and testing out their personalities.

I opened Jax's crate and he came out and climbed up my knee and started nuzzling my face immediately. Dude did not want to leave my side. He was the coolest cat in the world.

[RIP, buddy!](https://i.imgur.com/opEOfTm.jpg)
Our cat picked my husband (then boyfriend) when we were out looking for a cat for me. I was dead set on a male, black kitten, and checked it all the black cats I could find. I had nearly given up, and then the last room we went into, my husband sat down on a bench while I looked at some cats on top of a shelf, and our girl crawled out of her hiding place, crawled up onto his lap, and wouldn't leave. We knew this was our cat, so bright her into a separate room while the animal shelter gathered all the paperwork. Took her home that day and now she snuggles on my husband's chest every night at bed time. Here's to at least 10 more years with her! 
I bet he wears the same cologne as his original owner. 
The abundance of nipple suggests the tire should read “adopted her”, but that’s just my observation.. happy story ☺️
My pup came straight up to me and just sat her head in my lap when we were looking through a litter of them.  I knew I had to take her. She was so tiny when we first got her that she climbed into my hoodie pocket on the car ride back home.  Heart melted.
Sometimes they choose you
“Dis human. Dis one’s mine.”
I WANT DIS HOOMAN

I KEEPS DIS HOOMAN

MY HOOMAN
I don't know what it is but these stories absolutely leave me in tears 100% of the time, while stories about humans I am completely indifferent towards. 
Dog: *makes eye contact*

Journalist: I guess I have a dog now
My cat that my girlfriend and I adopted from a shelter did something like this. She conned us HARD.

&#x200B;

We were actually there to see a different cat that we saw on their website. The cat was barely at the age where she was allowed to be adopted (very young). We asked to see her and hold her and she was adorable. The lady working told us to be careful because she was a little "mouthy". My GF and I were like oh really? Not sure if we wanted a cat that was a biter. We had a feeling the lady working really just wanted to adopt the cat herself. So we looked around in the other cages to see what other cats were there. 

&#x200B;

I look down and see this adorable tuxedo cat just looking at me like an innocent kid. So i squatted down to pet her through the cage. She was so friendly so i asked if i could hold her. They took her out and i held her and she was so calm and loving. She seemed so sweet. We were hooked instantly. We ended up adopting her that day.

&#x200B;

She tricked us SO HARD. We got her home and tried to keep her in an area where she could get acclimated to being in a new environment for a few mins. That failed instantly. She jumped over the couch and ran into the kitchen where she found the tiniest hole in the crown molding under our cabinets and she ran inside of it. We freaked out. We thought she was gone. It was so dark in there and we had no idea where that hole led to. We thought it went in-between the apartments we lived in. Luckily we were able to hear her moving around and eventually (after about 35 mins) we lured her out with a string. Well really we lured her paw out and my GF grabbed onto her for dear life and pulled her out. Safe to say maintnance got a call the next day to patch up the hole.

&#x200B;

To finish the con, the cat turned out to be the moodiest, most mouthy cat Ive ever owned. She is a sassy b\*\*ch who loves to bite your hands if you pet her too much. She won't ever lay on you (which makes me sad). She begs for food ALL DAY and even when we eat dinner. My GF didnt want a dog, but somehow we ended up with a cat/dog anyway. 

&#x200B;

TLDR: Adopted a cat who tricked us into thinking she was an angel. Turns out shes a huge B\*\*ch. But i love that B\*\*ch to death and wouldnt give her up for anything.
What kind of dog is he?
We got adopted by a beautiful tortie who just appeared in my neighborhood. We had seen some of the neighborhood kids carrying her around. Then she discovered us, and wouldnt leave. She was super sweet, and super smart, and was very careful not to misbehave and not do anything wrong. She wouldnt even sit in our laps, even though we made it very clear that we wanted her to.

We wondered where she came from, and decided that since we were close to the highway, someone must have wanted to drop her off somewhere, so they pulled off our exit, found our neighborhood and decided that someone would adopt her there, and left her.

Then my grandmother came to visit, and the moment she entered the house, our cat focused on her. When she sat down, the cat leaped into her lap, closed her eyes, and began to purr. She had never gotten into our laps a single time. We realized that she had lived with an older lady who had probably passed on, and her family dumped her in our neighborhood, hoping she'd find a home.

I suspect that the journalist in this GIF reminds this boy of someone that he loved once. I'm glad they ended up together.
this is my tactic at a nightclub
Fucking onions
my heart just melted 
Reminds me of when I adopted my Wilfred. He came up to me and gave me the famous Wheatin Greetin and a huge smile. He was a year old, smelly and scruffy as hell. The shelter said 30 puppies were coming in that afternoon and I should wait to see them too. I said no need, this is my new dog. 8 years later, still my bf
You know how they say "your dog chooses you" definately evident here. 
When an animal picks you, it is the most amazing experience! I'm happy for these two! I'm sure they'll have the greatest love story!
A friend of a friend rescued a bunch of cats from being drowned. He couldn't take care of them and i wanted to help out so i went to his place to get myself a cat. There were 6 of them and i had a hard time picking one out. Then this little guy who sucked at meowing but was the loudest just started climbing up my leg. It was the cutest thing. I thought to myself "guess i'm your new owner" and took him home. Turned out to be the best cat ever and i love em to death.
The dog chooses the ~~wizard~~ human, Harry. 
Precious pupper 💗💗
You can see by the dog's expression that it must have had someone that it loved with all it's heart, and they either died or abandoned the dog. Poor old thing.
Oh, we don't deserve them. They are angels. Woof!
My heart aches for this good boy.
That's a viszla mix for sure. Got a little bit of the looks, and 100% of the heart. Velcro dog at its best. 
My friend adopted a dog that had been abused by his 2 previous owners and now he enjoys even the smallest things. It’s really cute to see
That other dog was like, "ok, this guy is already adopted". 
And this is why I can't go anywhere near dogs in need of adoption. I would bring all of them home :(
For those of you who can't adopt a dog for whatever reason but wish you could get some doggo time anyways:

Go to your local shelter or ASPCA and just visit the dogs. My local ASPCA had visiting rooms full of toys and treats, you could ask a volunteer to visit any dog and they would bring them to the room for 1 on 1 time. My GF and I would kill 2 or 3 hours every week spending 30 minutes each with several dogs. 

The volunteers were always so happy to have people visiting even with no intent to adopt, cuz these dogs desperately want contact and positive human interactions can only help a dog looking for a home.

I'd say easily 60% of the dogs we visited, I thought I would die if I couldn't adopt them. It's really hard sometimes but it was worth it.

This goes for cats, too, although they had a cat room just full of like 20 loose cats you could hang out in
I'm not a dog person myself, but that was the sweetest thing I've ever seen. 
He should make the dog a little backpack to carry his camera gear, n they could be partners.
That dog is female....
So sweet. When i was a middle schooler, my mom took me to the humane society to adopt a dog and i sat on the ground outside in their fenced in area and my little Toby came up and sat in my lap and finally felt the love he deserved. He was such a great dog and I miss him dearly. 
When your dog chooses you. So precious! Good on this human for adopting this lovable cutie.
30 yrs from now we'll probably be able to understand animal sentience drastically more than today and horrify ourselves by our past treatment of them. 
Sometimes you're just chosen. Nothing you can do about it.


Awww! He picked out his person. I would love to see a follow up picture of how happy he is now. 
My Toby was recently recovered from a hip surgery. When they let us meet him he walked up and out his head on my knee.

He's the goodest boy.

100/10, please consider adopting if you can. You can't buy love, but you can sure adopt it.
Yep this is it this is my human. 
This is why I never go to animal shelters. My home would become a zoo. 
God look at the way the dog looks at him/her!! Looks to be in love..
That's a Must Adopt situation everytime 
It seems to me that the dog adopted the journalist.
**Dog:** Yes i want this one
This is how my boys ended up with a 4 year old calico. All the other cats and kittens just wandered around them at the shelter but one came up and sat on their laps and licked their hands and faces and I knew it was over at that point. She's been with us almost an year and a half meow.
Always great when the dog picks the owner. My Lola did that with me too. Kept pushing the other doggos away. ❤️
The pleading in the dogs eyes is heartbreaking. Good that the journo adopted that dog. They deserve each other for life!
[my sweet Mia girl, before I adopted her, and now. ](https://imgur.com/gallery/abdfqDV) 
Are you sure the dog didn’t adopt the journalist? 
If we're lucky we get to chose them..... but if we are REALLY lucky they choose us! ☺️
Was taking the family to the lake for a picninc, we stopped at a store to get some supplies. The animal shelter had a pen set up in front of the store that day, showing off some dogs. Of course, the kids had to look at the dogs. One dog they liked, it was a cute puppy, but I was dead set against getting another dog. We bought our picnic shit, and were in the van to leave. When I went to back out of the parking space, I felt like I was leaving my dog behind.  Really weird feeling, that I was leving my dog behind. So it was a "Kids, let's get that puppy!".  Sugar ended up being the only dog I'd ever had in the family (even as a kid) that was really "my dog".  
Well what else are you supposed to do? I can see myself going home later that night like “honey! We have a dog now!”
I've had my now old girl since March 2004, I was wandering around the rescue centre looking for a dog as you do. On walking past her cage she is sat at the back not interacting looking at the floor. She was about a one and a half and had been there 9  months with nobody wanting her as she never learned how to behave. Her blurb said she was very excitable which was at odds with what I saw so I asked an attendant about her.  Obviously, I was then guilted into taking her which I have never regretted. 
He'd have to be heartless to leave that baby behind. Edit: wow catching a little attitude for this comment. I realize adoption is a serious decision. I should've phrased it something to the effect of "... To not fall in love with that baby."
All right, you asshole.

It's not even 7:30am, and I'm getting ready to go lift. I'm not supposed to be getting all weepy and emotional. This is *entirely* too sweet and touching.

How dare, sir. How dare.
His name? Dwight Schrute.
♥️
Poor guy has had it, thanks for taking him home man ! 🤙
The dog just knew they'd found their person!
Plot twist that was the dogs plan all along 
Mine
Great, I'm crying now. But I'm at work. Bravo, bravo.
I'm not crying, you're crying
This makes me wanna go home and hang out with my little rescue
Just wants to be loved.
😫😫😥😂😂
The fact that animal shelters euthanize dogs who don’t sell is appalling
Why I can't go to an animal shelter 😅
My heart.  My whole heart.
You are the chosen one. You didn't adopt him. He adopted you! 
I am not ok....omg <3 
You’re my human now.  
I just love happy endings 😭
Any updates? More story for this guy
Thank you for adopting!   You are a great person to see the attachment and give the pup a home!
Bless her heart, I’m so glad she chose him! People who abuse animals make me sick!
Super aww
Dude, how can you not adopt this dog. 
That dog knew what was up...LOL!!!
The dog said to the others....
This is how you get the hell out of here.
Poor little thing.  This breaks my heart.
He chose his person.😊
Can't upvote enough.
Do you want to get adopted? Because that's how you get adopted. 
The Camerman just got adopted! 
Both my cats "chose" me in a similar fashion. 

Just latched on.
I love them so much 
I had never before seen a dog try to embrace or cling to a human for other reasons than jumping their leg, until I started seeing images like this on reddit. Do they mimick our hugging behaviour, attempting to be more acceptable to us? Makes me wonder... They're all good dogs, and I hope they find decent homes.
This is how we ended up with my dog. He jumped up, hugged my husband, and refused to let go! He’s all love and cuddles and fluff.
"he is my human you see.... mine and only mine"
I need these kind of stories in my life so bad. Thanks!
When I went to meet my current pup for adoption we played fetch for a few minutes and he loved it. He seemed to be really focused on the ball and playing than on me. When it came time to head out his owner put him in the car and we were just talking about logistics if I decided to adopt him and as we were talking Cyrus came of the car and just sat between legs and that's when I knew! 
This breaks my heart. The poor thing knew he wanted out of that place. The look on his eyes... Good for the guy for adopting the little soul.
I choose you
I think the dog adopted him by the looks of it
I fear this sort of thing happening to me. 
Imagine if it were this easy to adopt a child
He's the goodest of boyes, I'm so glad he has a home now 

TY OP you made my day
This is not a “him”. Just saying.
Human: Huh?

Dog: Mine.

&#x200B;
I choose YOU. You’re my human now.
so precious 
 They want a person the can love them so much. Such a heartbreaking video. If I am rich, I will adopt a hundred of dogs. 
There’s more people there than just him, that dog knows which person he wants to love
He has been chosen!!!
That look of love!
I'm not crying, you're crying!!! 
Wow, I would have adopted that dog, too. 
Ohhhh. That was so unexpectedly beautiful. Must be raining in my bedroom as my eyes are wet now!
[I don't know what it is that makes me love you so](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IrJhlVODG3w)
At the chance of sounding corny... who adopted who?
"THERE you are!  I've been waiting for you!!!"
adopted her*
This warms my heart on this winters day! My dog also chose me. I had been watching out for a dog and I saw an add for a corgi mix that was going into the shelter the next morning if he didn’t find a home. He was being pushed out of a house that got a puppy and was over their dog limit for their rental. I went by the house very late and the minute I walked in the dog attached to me. He wouldn’t leave me for anything while I was there and didn’t care to say goodbye to the owner. 

Best $30 I ever spent. He had been locked away from part of the house and had clearly endured some abuse based on behaviors. Going on our fourth year together and he has developed into an amazing dog. He loves dogs, cats, and children. I was told he was probably an Aussie mix, HA! Beagle/Corgi it turns out and boy can that nose find him some trouble!
I choose you human 
10/10 I would adopt instantly. 
The wand chooses the wizard Harry
Aww, animals are te best thing ever. I can't even imagine a live without animals. My dog is the best and sweetest creature there is. 😭
"Mine!" -Dog, ~~probably~~ exactly.
“In case you didn’t know you are mine now.”
Perhaps an old friend from a past life reunited within the physical cosmos. 
This makes me so sad and happy all at once. 
Adopt, don't shop!
Melting my cold, shriveled heart. 
"Many humans come, but you are the one for me! I claim dibs on this human."
We don't deserve dogs. 
I don't think I have ever seen a more worthy #1 front page post
That puppers had a strategy and she was going to stick with it till it worked!  Glad for both of them :)
I mean, how could he not adopt that dog. He was clearly choosen. 
How the hell did we humans ever get so lucky being on a planet with another species that is so giving, and loving, and strong in companionship? I know the whole "we evolved together" thing but wow, we really REALLY don't deserve the level of love they give.
Thank you Mr. Journalist guy, thank you. ❤️
How could you cover a story at an Animal shelter and NOT leave with a dog.  If I was a journalist I would turn it into an expose just to see doggies  for days 
My dog is old and close to the end, so all clips like this just makes me cry. 

Guess I'll cry for like the ninth time today now
"I choose this one"
This is heartbreaking and heartwarming at the same time. That beautiful dog knew which human he needed and when he saw him, he latched on for dear life. So very happy the journalist adopted him! He's an everyday hero without a cape. :)
"I'll adopt this human"
The second rabbit my ex wife adopted was in a shelter. She told me all about her, how sweet and special she was, so I went with her the next day to see her. As soon as the rabbit was out of her tiny cage, she hopped over to my ex and literally extended her full body up to my ex's shoulder (she was sitting) and tucked her head and ears into my ex's neck.   

When my ex and I had our worst fight yet, that rabbit, Lily, hopped over to me and comforted me as I was sobbing after the fight. She crawled into my lap and licked me until I stopped. She knew I was at my low point. My ex saw this and graciously admitted that Lily was my girl and that I should keep her in the divorce.  

Lily died in my arms three years later (1 month ago). I miss her every single day. People don't realize the capacity for complex emotional lives that rabbits have. They're no different than dogs and cats in that regard. They're just more delicate and sensitive and sometimes take longer to open up. But when a pet chooses you... it changes everything, if you let it. And for the better.
ViCiOuS aNiMaL gRaBs RePoRtEr By LeG r/peoplefuckingdying

But seriously that is one cute dog
You good person. I stay with you.
A dog that has had the experience of a warm home and a loving owner will never accustomed to the cold life in a pound. 
It is so sweet that he adopted you. 💕🐶💕
Sometimes you choose your pet and sometimes they choose you.
I choose you hooman!
You're my human now 
We mostly fostered herding dogs, mainly border collies. We recently got a 3 legged hound. I was really not looking forward to it but he needed help. Man, he was such a good boy. I loved how his personality came out after we eventually took off the rest of the leg (the original leg loss was due to coyote/bear trap so it was never actually amputated - sad!). He was such a goober and just wanted to love from a distance as he got closer over the weeks and months with us.

&#x200B;

I couldn't believe how perfect of a home we found for him. I saw a side of his personality I didn't know existed with his new home dog sister. He was running around like I had never seen before - I didn't even think some of the things were possible with his 3 legs! So happy for him.

&#x200B;

If you're thinking about a dog: 1. Please don't buy, only rescue! 2. Foster first - you may find out you didn't want as energetic of a dog as you thought you did. I always thought I wanted a big dog that looked cool and needed 5 miles a day to walk. My fiance and I fostered our first foster and she was so chill - we ended up adopting her. Her relaxed attitude is exactly what I needed in my life. My roommate had my former active "dream dog of 5 miles a day" and she absolutely looked miserable sometimes. I remember thinking just how much I would regret having a super active dog - even if it was a husky with blue eyes. Trust me, the "look" of the dog means nothing. It's the personality. Forget the shallowness.
I don't really like dogs, also I'm allergic to them...but fuck...
It's too early to cry damnit
This is how we ended up with a rescue dog. I took my husband around a shelter for something to do on a Saturday. Couple hours later, meet the new furry member of the family! 
When I met my wife, she had a cat that she got from the SPCA.  They had a booth in the mall, and my wife walked by and Phoebe the cat came out from the back of her cage and started meowing at her.  She went on her way and on the way back, the same thing happened.  The staff said that she had been hiding in the back of her cage all day, and only came out when my wife walked by.  My wife decided to get Phoebe.  Someone else was interested in her and had put a hold on her.  After a very long weekend of waiting, my wife heard back that the person had passed on Phoebe and she was all hers.  

&#x200B;

Phoebe literally picked my wife as her owner.
Correction: the dog adopted the journalist
Doge has figured out cheat code to getting adopted.
Why do I look at these kinds of posts at work? 
Dog to human, "I need a home and you need a friend, let's help each other out".
That's his soul-doggo.
Nope, Nope, Nope...you ain't movin'...*you are my human now...*
I choose you, human. I am your dog now. You are my human. 
how do you **not** adopt a poor dog that does this. 
All your leg are belong to us
There are many humans, but this one is mine.
Some owners choose their dogs, some dogs choose their owners.
I'm not crying you're crying.
I should really dust. 
You've been chosen to be alpha. You must oblige. 
Just a heads up that’s a female dog
Best #aww all day! *she says loving up her two rescue dogs* #adoptdontshop
She looks pregnant 
This happened to my friend. She went to a cat cafe where all of the cats are available for adoption. One kitty, who had been just watching everyone from under chair, immediately went inside my friend’s purse once my friend set her purse down. If my friend approached another cat, purse-kitty would zip out, stand between my friend and the other cat and hiss, then jump back into the purse. Purse-kitty refused to let my friend leave without her.

Obviously my friend adopted her. The two ended up being a purrfect match and she loves kitty to bits. Animals know, man.
It's kind of funny how sometimes things just click like that.

I recently picked up a puppy at a breeder and had my pick of one of three dogs. While two of them ran around and played and sometimes came over to see me, my future dog Maggie just waddled over to my feet, looked up at me for a few seconds before taking a nap on my shoe.

Decision made.
Proof positive that dogs choose us, too. 
Holy, this kind of videos make me sad and that there are domesticated animals out there without homes. Yet happy that some get a chance at happiness.
Adopted him
Its a girl lol
Adopted her*
Yeah this would pretty much do it no question lol
I work at a shelter and it kills me every day to see how many dogs end up there. They all look and act sad all day every day. The only time you see a shine in their eyes is when you open the doors for them to play. Some of them don't even get adopted for months on end. Thanks abject cruelty I see and experience every day is slowly consuming me. Some days I wish I could end my life because of all the suffering. My heart breaks over and over. It's so unfair for the animals. They are not supposed to suffer. We should for what we have done to them. What we do to them. Yet, we all live vicariously. What God would let this happen?

So unfair. So fucking unfair.
This is so cute. 
Our dog is a rescue and we were given some complete sob story about her. 

When we went to meet her they were expecting us to take her that day but, she was horrible. She was the poster dog of "they aren't themselves in a kennel". 

She was super attached to the lady who ran the place and just completely ignored us for an hour in favour of staring through a gate looking for this woman. Despite only apparently having been there a day....(adoption from the previous home...it was a lie).

We took her for a small walk to honestly discuss how we should say no or that it would be a trial as she was manic, ignoring us and seemed so highly strung we weren't sure she was the right fit for us and didn't want to let her down and bring her back in the long run! 

She was meant to be spayed but was intact and in heat. 

We knelt down to fuss her on the walk and she hooked her feet over my husband's knee and although she wouldn't acknowledge him it was a glimpse and a reminder that she might be different given time. 

So we took her home.

The first night we took a bed for her upstairs but she climbed on ours. The moment we got under the duvet she jumped up and got under it right along with us. Proper hugs were had that night and the next day she was a completely different dog. 

Four years later and we have worked with her that she is a complete sappy thing. Can't imagine life without her. 

Would always recommend giving any shelter dog a chance. They can be drastically different in a home and it is worth the effort and the wait! 
I'm not into dogs but I wouldn't be able to resist this and would have adopted him as well.
The longer I watched this, the sadder it got. I saw this video 2 hours ago and came back just to write this. I'm also stoned so I may just be emotional.

&#x200B;

The first time I watched this I smiled because cute, like everyone else. On the 4-5th loop something in the background began to stand at the forefront. The noise. Barking and hollering and chaos. I get that feeling just watching this very short clip. Imagine that type of environment being your reality. This dog is not making a sound. With how he presents himself, he is just wanting solice. Even when the camera comes near him, he moves his face like "leave me alone" yet clings to this other being, enjoying the small moment of comfort. When this guy adopted this dog, I can imagine the feelings this dog must be feeling, being able to wake up in a home.

&#x200B;

Bless the world. This makes me take a deep look at certain things. Also I'm high, sorry.
The owner doesn't choose the dog, the dog chooses its owner
I have a dog like this. She's amazing but,  honestly,  she's always like this.  It's a bit clingy at times. Like when im trying to cook, going to the bathroom, cleaning,  or rushing around the house, she needs to keep her face on me. 
Sometimes it just happens you know. I somewhat believe dogs trade souls to get back to their owners. I lost my best friend Hugo a year and a half ago. He was a 13 yr old Siberian Husky who got cancer. I died inside with him as I held his hand and they put him to sleep. Two months later a lady asked if I wanted to foster a husky who was bought by a nurse who kept him in a kitchen when she was gone 12 hrs a day. I assume she wanted a dire wolf then regretted the decision. I drove out to meet the dog and I swear to God I thought it was Hugo. He looked just like him, acted just like him, and jumped right in my car. The mannerisms are uncannily similar also. Sometimes I end up accidently calling the new dog Hugo out of habit. 
Animals choose their people. 


I adopted a kitten from a local rescue who partners with Petco; as I was walking by the enclosure, the little guy threw himself against the window and started with the grabby paws through the openings in the side. 


I took him home that day even though I had convinced myself I didn’t need another pet. He pulls my sheet up every night so that he can crawl under the blanket and snuggle to sleep. 
My [cat](https://i.imgur.com/r4JLttL.jpg) grabbed my hand and pulled it into the cage so he could snuggle.
Dog to his friends, “yeah rescued this one. He’s a stray but eventually I was able to tame him”
I was chosen by my cat Jill seven years ago. I looked it up to see animals choosing humans and there are thousands of examples and vids. I often wonder when an animal chooses you are they thinking “ It’s you!! I’ve been waiting so long for you!!”
Damn, all heart strings pulled!
This just made me tear up.
Best thing I've seen in a long time and I love it.
# I LOVE DOGS SO MUCH
I’m in tears
Yeah - it seems a lot of times animals choose us.

My boy Floyd (a cat) climbed on top of the cage lock and stretched out his tiny paw to hook my jeans.  He was the size of a small guinea pig.  I was looking at some way more attractive but cooly indifferent, all black sister kitties from the cage above.

I put them back, got the shelter person to open the cage, wherupon he climbed up my shirt, jowled my beard violently, and feel asleep, looking dead.  His sister, Molly, was sitting like a chicken on the small litterbox in the back of the cage.

I held them both for a little while, and nticed the death sticker on the clipboard next to their cage.  That was the waning last day of visitation - they would have been euthanized that following week.

They found me, really!  Floyd, aka the Gangster of Love,  lived 21 years - I couldn't have asked for a more kind, loving friend.  Molly is still going strong! 
Dogs are the best, quite possibly love my 2 dogs more than my wife and kid.
So I googled this to find the news story and make sure the journalist adopted this dog and all I can find is a repeat of this same post. Does anyone know FOR SURE if this dog was adopted or I'm going to have to go there right now! Not ashamed to say this is breaking me and I'm crying. Probably the hormones but WHAT FUCKING EVER, I need to know this dog is ok.
Beautiful clip. My first dog,a fox terrier, got into poison at the neighbors and died on my lap on the way to the vet's when I was 10. Many dogs later (now a father) I happened into our local Tractor Supply during dog rescue days. I saw a puppy whose little eyes took me right back to my Scooter.

My son had been asking for his own dog for months but we already had a family dog. When I saw the puppy I made the "mistake" of getting my son from the truck where he was playing his video game. I have a pic of the first hug he ever gave our Oslo.

Now that my son is at college Oslo and I share my pillow every night.  Every morning it's like my first dog is still with me.
Dog: Get me the fuck out of here, sorry whats your name?
Journalist: dave
Dog: right sorry, get me the fuck out of here dave!
If you look at his tail you can clearly see that this dog was terrified. He was basically begging for help. 
Awwwwww.. my heart
The cats at the shelter were like "ok listen up dog,  this is how you do it."
isnt that a "her"?
This strategy doesn't work as well for Tinder dates.
The goodest of boys
This is how all animals at animals shelters feel. Treated badly or not they all want love and all need help.

People need to stop breeding for profit and others need to stop buying animals from breeders.

Always save a dog, it's much more rewarding for the dog, as well as you. 
Sometimes they choose you. Glad he took the good boy home. 
Does this work with girls? 
Imagine if dogs were truly self conscious and understood the world around them even slightly like we do.  They all share this video with each other and suddenly, they all get adopted on the spot when the next person comes around.

I have a dog, I love my dog, do not want another but if this happened he'd be getting a roommate.
r/WhereDidThoseOniomsComeFrom 
dog knew they where supposed to find each other
My new dating strategy. 
Cutest form of extorsion 
Bless his little doggy heart forever.
❤️
Ooooooh i hope you’re proud of yourself; i want to adopt a dog now
It's beautiful when animals adopt humans :')
This is how we ended up with our Boy. All the other dogs were more interested in the play yard, but Milo wanted to only give us kisses. Easy choice there as far as we were concerned.
Love and food....Animals basic need
“I found my human” ❤️
Aww pure love at first sight 😍
Imagine you just found your soulmate, and you're a dog. 
I like when you see the guy's hand go up like, "What can I do here but pet the dog! He likes me!" 

Happy to read this journalist took this doggo home. 
When the doggo chooses you and the universe align perfectly. 
Dogs and cats seem to see or understand things that we as humans, cannot sense.
I don't get it and it makes no sense but they seem to have a "nose" for good people.
Such a feel-good story
Mine ! 
I love when animals adopt humans 
i’m not crying. you are. 
https://imgur.com/wQduKca
Reminded me of this dog that walked up to me while I was waiting outside my friend's apartment in Delhi. He just wanted some warmth ♥️
HE CHOSE YOU. 
my 3 year
baby sister said that's so cute dog
If lil orphan Annie had seen this maybe she would have just held on to Daddy Warbucks instead of making a whole song and dance about it. 
She too was ginger, after all.
She just holds on and whispers sadly." It's a hard knock life." 
You too are ment to be
Hasn't let go to this day.
I want that dog! She seems like the type who’d like to spoon, binge watch chick flicks, and share a bag of popcorn wiff her new mommy. 
That dog knew that the journalist needed it that's unconditional love that only dogs offer 
Think that’s a her...
Please protect and love them for us all 
That gets me right in the feels. 
Sometimes it's just meant to be.
A friend got adopted too. She already intended to adopt a dog but from all the dogs she saw there was that little one who just stared at her and went straight to her lap.
My heart ... 
this is so sad. but so happy he was adopted.
I'm afraid of visiting shelters, because i feel i would end up owning a animal "farm".
"You have been chosen"
OMG I'm melting. 
This hit me hard in the feels. Ooouf 
When you've found the right one, you grab on to them and never let go. True love. Love at first  sight.  💓💓
This just melted my heart. Dogs are the best.
If 'Never letting you go' had a face
Dogs choose you..  you dont choose the dog .. that is so sweet.
Whelp as soon as he latched on and gently laid his head on their hip it's a wrap. Then the stare of 'Please don't go'. Nope. It's too early for this. This is so sweet.
The dog look a lemon colored coat beagle.
I adopted beagle last year with a lemon
colored coat.  She is a wonderful dog.
What a lucky lucky guy the journalist is..
Please be real please be real pleaseberealplease
Such a sweet animal.
« The animal chooses its owner mister potter »
I'm not crying on the toilet at work, you're crying! 😢 
She's just a lonely good girl. 
Literally hurts my heart
Plot twist it was the reporter's dog in the first place who dropped him off in the shelter. 
Looks like a Her to me
Sometimes the dog picks the owner.  

A friend of mine came home and there was a stray on her front door.  Stayed there for two days.  Coco became the best pet she ever had.  She was such a cool, laid back dog!  
You don’t choose the dog. The dog chooses you
What a sweet boy. I would adopt him too!
I chose you, human-chu!
YOU LEAVE WITH ME OR YOU DON'T LEAVE!
I believe every human as a dog waiting for them out there. It’s a crazy connection science has yet to figure out. 

It is extreme luck but my dog has the same birthday as mine and is everything I’ve ever wanted in a dog. Adopted her, she jumped in my arms like we have known each other for forever no other dog there did that. 
Was heading to bed. Saw this, had to go back to dog and get down on couch instead. Couch naps are good too! 
This hurts my heart. My achey breakey heart. T.T
I heard you were the best boy...
I wonder if these dogs can recognise which humans have the power to free them. Wish they could all have a good home.
Awwwwwwwwwww! 😭😭😭😭😭
Love these Dogs video
My first tears of the morning. Beautiful and touching. 
Man's best friend :')
My university does MLK Day of Service and I signed up to volunteer at the Humane Society.... I’m 80% sure I’ll come home with a dog. This video melts my heart. 
You mean the dog adopted him
Poor thing...how could anyone be so cruel to such a pure and innocent animal. This storys always make me cry.
Oh my goodness, heart just exploded... pow!
That’s some good love. No way I could have left without that 
The chosen one
Looks female.  Bless. 
And then when a richer better owner comes along he’ll do it again and again, until he’s the president’s dog. Then phase 2.
naic
Mashallah! How can you not love a lover?
Ugh, it's too early in the moring to have this much feels! 
This is beautiful. 
Anyone know who this journalist is? I’d really like to see a follow up video of them at home.
u ma savier? u ma savier.
I have a feeling a past dog he once had may have been reincarnated. 
I want a link to that story with video showing a happy dog,  damnit! 
That pupper knew it belonged with that person 😢
I'm not crying you're crying 
I'm not crying you are!
"This is my leg. There are many like it, but this one is mine."

"Actually, um... That's *my* leg."

"I'm assuming you want to keep your balls."
They sure know how to get to us.
I need this in my life...
Cute
Well I’m now subscribing to r/aww 
Animals are just the best! 
<3
Faaark, this breaks my heart
"I've adopted you" - dog probably
I legit shed a few tears to this. What a cute dog... 
how do wonderful dogs like that get to shelters?

&#x200B;

I would think its the shitty/bitey/barky/angry dogs that get sent to shelters...
I choose YOU, human!
I cried
My human!!
The dog chooses the human, Mr Potter. It's not always clear why.
"I choose you reporter dude!"
Wow. I mean, sometimes they adopt us yaknow.
Can’t wait to see my dog this morning 
Oh my goooooodness what a sweet angel ^-^ all they want is our love. Food second. Kisses first. 
Sometimes pets have to make up our minds for us. 
Smart dog. 
Omg.. I need an update

&#x200B;
Now That's freaking great! Now all the adorable little doggos will think that all they have to do is latch lovingly onto a journalist doing a fluff piece and sucker them into a forever home... /s
Little did you all know this was the very same pup the reporter drop off at the shelter 2 years ago. The dog had plenty of time to grow his vengeful plan, and when he saw the news van pass each day his ears perked up. Until finally the van stopped and his old owner got out, not even recognizing him. The dog knew it was time to put his plan into action.
Who adopted whom?
Did not want the video to end so quicky! cute :)
Aw my heart ❤
I choose you!
I love him so much.  That’s the sweetest. 
You don't choose them. They choose you.
What a sweet boy. He just wants to be loved. 
"human, I choose you"
I'm not crying... 
I'm so happy this beautiful animal was rescued. She knew what she had to do :)
Sometimes, the dog chooses you :) treat him good bud, he deserves a perfect life 
I'm not even much of a dog person, but if a dog came up to me like that I'd definitely adopt him too.
I'm not crying, you're crying!
dogs are more loyal than human
O M G 
You'd have to adopt him at that point 
This is the sweetest. So sad they’re in those positions in the first place. Amazing how this dog is clinging on for love. Awwwwww ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Such unconditional love.  Amazing.
Game, check, Fur-Mate!
Such a great ending 

He has been chosen. 
That’s love. 💙💙💙
have pictures/videos of him happy at his furever home?
What a journalist/dude!
Realized that this subreddit looks like raww
Somebody must be cutting up onions around me... again 
Ugh, my heart
Who's cutting onions??  
This is how all four of mine got me. All have found and picked us. Including our first one who we have had for 9 years now. 
It’s like the dog saying ‘don’t let me go! Please don’t let me go’! 
Dogs just like us human and they know who they can trust!!!
This is so wholesome, Alexa, play non-meme music
Awwww puppy
Nice

BRB, going to go force cuddle our three rescue kitties (who are not kittens anymore, but will always be our babies)

All that aside, that is an awesome vid. Pup just wants some love and comfort.
Hooman I choose you! 
Aww :( I think that dog saw his bestfriend. Those eyes looked that he wanna with him. Forever.
Onions so early... dammit!
That's how they get ya
He has been claimed 
That is so effective, doggo!

This is why I don't like going to the Shelters - I would have / have had a menagerie in no time.

I have 4 adopted cats and one adopted dog now.

Record was 9 cats and two dogs - yes, it was a bad addiction. I got better.
Oh my heart!!!
As a dude reeducating shelter dogs for over a decade now. This still breaks my heart
How do you say no to that
Animals do sense good person and this guy nailed it 😊👍
God....Dog spelled backwards
Pls, take me hooman!
But just as a side note it's a she. A male dog doesn't have 8 nipples 
I love.  He love
 We all love
No doubt they pick you! 
My cat chose me, I came to the shelter right before
feeding time. they got the bowl out and all the cars ran to the bowl except mine, she came right over to me and started jumping at my hand to be petted. It's been 16 years now and she still greets me at the door and sleeps on me while I'm having my morning coffee.
I think I need to be adopted. 
I was a dog person growing up. I moved in with my partner and they were cat-sitting a shelter kitty. It was just me and the shelter kitty. She walks up and just rubs her face on me until I pet her, then she flopped on her side, leg up in the air demanding I scratch her belly like a dog. She was happiest when I'd pet her like a sweet pup. Then she brought me a toy and I threw it for her and she brought it back and we played fetch.

Now I am Bubbles from trailer park boys with her. 

I think she knew what she needed to do. Or maybe she was a shelter kitty desperate for love.

all told, this pup reminds me of the way she was when we first got to know each other.
Come on!!!! I JUST did my make up!!!!
Oh how moving! 
Please be my dad 
Aww he just wants to be loved 
He is just so pure and loving, it almost breaks my heart 💔😭
Grabbed by this dog **who** wouldn't let go.
Dogs are just the best
Oww, my feels
omg my heart
The dog chooses the human, Harry. This much has always been clear.
My heart!! I want a dog so badly but I'm too busy to be a good caregiver. Waaaahhh!!
Breaks my heart but incredible happy he adopted  the dog. 
Thanks, Reddit -- I need more shit like this in my life! (Especially these days, sigh)
When (now 125#) Leo chose us at the Humane Society. 

https://imgur.com/gallery/RASN78G
That's precious ❤
You got to do it. He picked you hoo-man. 
Who adopted who? 
what a nice affectionate dog.
No that's fine, I didn't need my HEART.
Yeah, that Boi would be coming home with me.
Reminds me of how I got my doggie.  My now fianceé had been asking for a dog for a while and we took a couple trips but I insisted the timing wasn't right (we were preparing to move) but just as we were leaving an adoption event one of the fosters came walking around the corner with Ella.  When Ella saw us it was like something, I dunno what to call it.... something special clicked, and she walked right up to the both of us and leaned on both of us at the same time and turned her head up and looked into my eyes and gave a gentle wag of the tail, and I knew in that moment she had picked us and I was instantly in love.  I knew I couldn't leave without her.  The first couple weeks were rough and I had to give up some things I had been saving up for but it was the best decision in our lives.  She is the sweetest girl in the world
This makes me so happy.
That dog was probably thinking, “I’ve been waiting for you!”
Now that's what I call fate. They fell in love at first sight! Sooooo cuuute!!
It’s Thursday, and I’m preparing to spend the next 10 hours of my day at work. Right now, I don’t really care because this made my day.. thanks for sharing 
Dang video made me just make up an excuse to go home from work for a bit and hold my good boy 
I have three dogs, two of which are rescues. My most recent is a Beagle mix. We had been looking for a male beagle for awhile, and found a beagle-specific rescue. We saw a puppy on the website that we wanted, so we filled out the application and did the interview. 


Anyway, they end up putting you in numerical order, so number 1 goes first and picks their puppy, then 2 goes, and so on. We were number 11 out of 12. By the time we got there, our first two picks were taken. 



We we both kind of bummed about it, but we looked at the other dogs anyway. Then one puppy, the one whose picture on the website was... rough (to say the least) got up from his nap and walked up to me. He was much more gorgeous than his picture suggested. He walked up to me, and just looked at me with those sad beagle eyes. Then he walked onto my lap, nudged his head under my hand, and went to sleep. 


I didn’t even need to stop and consider it. I filled out the paperwork with him sleeping on my lap, and he slept on me the whole 3 hour car ride home. 6 months later, he’s a little jerk but still my buddy.


This was definitely a case of the dog picking me, and not the other way around. Because I made it veryyyyy clear to my wife that we were ONLY going home with one of the two dogs we had picked out on the website. She still busts my balls about it to this day. 

EDIT: Just to make it clear, there was much more than 12 puppies. There were just only 12 people selected for that round of adoptions.
\*adopted HER
Greyhound racing is being banned in Florida so there a many greyhounds that need a forever home. 
Thank you! 
r/mademecry
Meant to be! 
You don't adopt a dog the dog adopts you.
When it's meant to be, it's meant to be. 
Top notch training at that shelter.
CANT STOP CRYING SEND WATER IM BECOMING SEVERELY DEHYDRATED 
I'm gonna go cry now. Brb
So handsome with all that red hair.
such a good doggo 
Must not cry, must not cry!!!!!! Be a man..... 😭😭😭😭 Cutest thing I have ever seen!!!!!!! 
Most of the time they pick you.
Her, right? Looks like this pup has been a mother. 
Awwwww.  I woulda too.   Glad he got a daddy 
Almost made me cry!! So touching! 
A dog did this to me once also.  I also took him home. best dog I've ever had
I'm not crying you're crying!
I wouldn't have been able to leave with out that dog. That's the sweetest thing I've seen! 
“Dis my hooman nao”
It's meant to be!
"And THAT'S how you get adopted!" Dog probably...
Sure, when a dog does this it's all "aww" and "so cuuute" but when I do it to random women it's all "get the hell off me" and "restraining order".
I want to find someome that looks at me like that dog looks at that journalist.
When an animal is in need of love...you can see the emotion on the puppets face. Wow 
The dog's like the next person that walks in, I am going to cling on till he takes me home.
News flash: guard dog prevents journalist from finding drug ring
my dog does this every morning and every morning i fall in love with him again
"This human. This is *my* human."
What a sweet boy. He picked his person!
Idk if I could have walked away without adopting that dog either........ And if I did manage to walk away if probably feel sad/bad about it for a while.
the journalist got adopted, not the dog
My dog will climb on my left arm and lay her head on top of mine, The only problem is her elbows are really hard.
That dogs gonna be sooooo needy tho
Thanks for recognizing how loving this dog would be and how much it will add to your life.
Ninjas chopping onions..
I don't think the journalist adopted the dog... The dog definitely adopted him.
Now that’s how you get adopted. 
This momma is crying 😭😭 my hearttttt
I can’t stop watching. 
This is why rescues are awesome.  They just seem to appreciate you so much. 
Sometimes we adopt.... But other times we are adopted.
Sweet doggy. I think she’s female. Nipples. Glad she has a good home.
I need a follow up to this story!!
*adopted her
So wonderful! 
This made my day 
He knows..nice
Why u gotta make me cry first thing in the morning?
I think that’s  ‘her’. “Adopted her”
When my father's first dog, Taffy, passed we got a call from someone we'd never met about puppies of the same breed. It turns out our close friend had mentioned Taffy passing to a co-worker, and that co-worker knew someone with puppies of the same breed! (Black Lab/Golden Retriever). We go to look and this little puppy comes barreling out of the house and hugged my dad's leg in the same way. Toby came home with us that day. He and my Dad were best friends for 16 long years. He passed this year, and I don't think Dad will ever get another dog, but the bond they had was something special.
Dog at first sight.
How incredibly sweet! He's just loving all the scratches and he won't let go xo 
You belong to me now hooman!
The dog’s plan worked
Serious question, can a dog (or any animal for that matter) actually imprint on a person? I've seen other videos of animals who have their "favorite" human and the bond is so special. 
I'm not crying, you're crying 
That journalist? Albert Einstein. 

But seriously this is so wonderful. 
I just straight busted out crying when I saw this. Like ugly crying. 
Happened to me. Went to the animal shelter just "thinking" about a dog. Didn't know what we wanted,  but knew that there were some breeds that probably wouldn't suit us, among which - Springer spaniels. Too much work, too crazy. Guess what? Among all the wagging tails and barking, this beautiful spaniel just looked us in the eyes and lifted a paw. She chose us. That was 7 years ago. Best decision we ever made. And not once in 7 years has she ever lifted a paw again.. 
"you have been chosen, human." 
Yea there's no way I wouldn't adopt that dog. I could literally be broke as shit, I'd take a loan out just to adopt him.
You dont choose them, they choose you.
Maybe they reminded the dog of a previous owner, or someone else they loved?
Reminds me of our family dog we adopted 12 years ago. I was a teenager and my mom wanted a second dog for their lab/pit mix. She told my father and I to go to a shelter (the one she adopted the other dog from, no kill shelter) and we left. We went there and saw many puppers and dogs ready for adoption and excited to see everyone. I didnt find "my" dog there. Told my dad i wanted to go to a pound. Went online and found the highest kill pound in our state and we were off for a 3 and a half hour drive.

When we got there my dad asked about puppys and the attendant took us to look at several litters they had. My dad fell in love with a little brindle boxer, who was extremely cute but everyone there was looking at those litters and excitment bursting about how they wanted one and telling employees to grab their favorites. While my dad talked to them i wandered off looking at other dogs and thats when i saw her. A sad, pittiful dying young dog. She was about 6 months of sack of bones terrified hiding in the back of her kennel and wouldnt come to the gate. A red nose pit which was the exact breed of dog i wanted. I told my dad who asked if we could take her to the play area to pet her, the empolyee reluctantly said yes but told us she hadnt been temperment tested yet so we would have to visit with her under supervision so we did. First thing she did was sit in between my dad's and mine legs laying against us shaking and whining. My dad told me if thats the one i wanted we could have her.

We told the employee who told us if we were sure and that she was already scheduled to be put down the following day and had not been temperment tested. They informed us we would have to put a payment down to even hold her for testing so we did. She tested fine and she was fixed and vaxed and they informed us she had round worms and tape worms and gave us the medicine for it. We brought her home two days after meeting her and to my mothers dissappointment was not a puppy. My moms dog instantly fell in love with her and wanted to play but the new dog was not feeling well at all. I ended up taking her to my room and on my bed where she multiple times vomitted up green slime filled with dying worms. I cleaned and cared for her for weeks. Once she felt better they were inseperable for years. Until the older one died just a couple years ago at almost 16.

She was so depressed to have her long time doggie friend die. But, my parents did was i did last time. Went to the same pound and adopted another young adult pitbull, blue nose this time. Who "my" dog just adores. 

All dogs deserve love and family and im so happy that at a young age i was able to convince both my parents that you dont need to get puppies and that pounds are the way to go.
This made me miss my dog so much I almost cried
My Luna pup we adopted the day after we were stationed at Fort Benning. All the other dogs were barking and so excited but when we got to her kennel, she was just leaned up against the door with her head drooped down. We immediately asked to meet her and when we went in, she didn't make a sound, just slunk over to my husband and daughter and leaned against them hard. We pet and snuggled her for 3 minutes and asked for the adoption paperwork. She's been with us almost 3 years now and is our best girl. She loves walks, carrots, and patrolling the yard while Dad works in the garage. She also found her voice and has the sweetest, most expressive eyes. 
thats how I got my gf haha
I want to leave work right now and go hug my dog!
Awe what a good boi. We truly dont deserve such amazing animals as companions 
Love at first sight
U guys are the real super heroes
I think the dog adopted the journalist! 
I don’t know why my eyes leaking?
That’s awesome! 
This really made me happy. 
You guys, I can't.
Maybe his before life’s family member?
Doggo literally latched on like “MINE”. ❤️
You'd have to.
If all dogs were smart like this they be adopted.  
You are my human! 
This is amazing. Fear of hurt and rejection prevents me from expressing vulnerability and asking for love. I need a human to hold on to me like this, that's the only way I'll get over my fears.
He is a very good boy 
You are my human now
What's the quote, "you don't choose them, they choose you"?
You're mine now Hooman.  
This is how we got our shelter cat.  1st time we went this one tortoise shell was all chill for everyone that passed by, but went nuts for us to pet her.  My wife thought she was ugly and kept going.  A week later I was at a different adoption location & saw the same cat.  All chill until she saw me; again she went nuts for attention.

So I took her home, 14 years ago.  Still have the cat, not the wife.
wow I had to turn this off before I started fucking getting misty eyed at work, I've never seen such a clear desperate cry for help than this 
I love dogs.
Would you be mine? Could you be mine? Won't you be my human? 
Clever girl...
Hims a her 
That is so freaking wholesome
More like the dog adopted the human
Thanks. Crying now 😭 
Definitely a pregnant female 
What a sweetheart. I know it's tricks. Smart pup. 
"I pick you.  Let's go home"
I am routinely approached by street dogs that just want petting. Food is plenty. They get lots of scraps from the people here, but I guess it’s the contact they want.  Plus they smell my pups on me.

One in particular likes to sneak up behind me in the streets and stick a cold wet nose in my hand.  Usually gets in my way demanding pet tings and will accompany me to the edge of his territory.
I think him is a her.  Neat story though if true.  So much of the internet seems fabricated these days..
My heart ♥️ 
This just melts my heart
I choose you
The dog liked that human and adopted him.
That pup adopted HIM! They say dogs choose their hoomans more than we choose them.... 
They choose you, not the other way around...
You mean the dog adopted the human.
How awful would it have been if the words journalist and dog were switched.
Aww he just wants to be loved, don't we all?
What a good girl
good boy dog
Fuck me I'm leaking.
MY HUMAN! AT LAST, I HAVE FOUND YOU!!!
they choose you. My pitty bronco did. Best dog I have ever had.
I call dibs on this human!
That pup is more human than some people I know. 
What a beautiful love story
How lucky is this guy? :')
It is a profoundly deep link between these 2 species. Millennia of domestic symbiosis. Pictured here.
What did we do to deserve dogs
Very special! I would too! 
This is how I get girlfriends, too, but I bait them with chocolate and entertainment.
There’s something amazing about how shelter pets pick you, not the other way around.   
He chose her 
I'm so glad he adopted the dog.  What a sweet boy he is.  💕
That moment when it changes from 99k to 100k from upvoting...

&#x200B;

Besides that, such a great story. People really need to rescue dogs and stop buying from breeders.
Sometimes the pets pick the owners. 
The dog chooses the master, Harry.
