[removed]
Wait this made me think, what do firefighter dogs actually do? I know the used to run in front of wagons to warn people to get tf out of the way but what do they do now??
It sounds like they want to train him to be an Arson Detection Dog. [https://www.boredpanda.com/firefighter-dog-burn-victim-mascot-jake-william-lindler/?utm\_source=google&utm\_medium=organic&utm\_campaign=organic](https://www.boredpanda.com/firefighter-dog-burn-victim-mascot-jake-william-lindler/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=organic)
He needs a super hero name to go with his origin story. I'm proposing Barkdraft.
This made my heart explode with happiness!! I bet he is a great firefighter!! 👍🏻💕💗
Poor little guy but he looks so proud all grown up. 
Strange, I'd imagine the poor pup would be scared of fire after that.
[deleted]
Oh shit he’s probably immune to fire now
You were merely raised in the fire. I was born in it, molded by it.
i am the dog, once victim, me

burned in a fire, so horribly

saved by the firefighter friends,

my life spared by what fortune sends

n as i heard once in a song -

'*what doesn't kill you makes you strong* . . .'

n so i choose to others save 

Fire Fighting Dog -

am Very *Brave*
[deleted]
Sooooo Sweet!
The hunted becomes the hunter
That's a not a dog, it's a seal. [Source](http://www.reddit.com/r/pitbulls)
Ah yes from the proverb, “Having been booped, I must boop” 
Real life anime protagonist 
The fire took everything from him: his family, his home and his confidence. He will forever carry the scars the flames gave him on that fateful day, but he will never forgive them. His desire for vengeance, to right the wrongs this awful force commits, overwhelms him. Today he runs along like-minded folk, working toward the same cause, but none carry quite the same reasoning. For the dog... The dog craves REVENGE.
I'm not crying, you're crying.
"Pit crew" ™™™
*From that day on, I knew my purpose in this world was to break the cycle of my tragedy.*
Pretty sure everyone at that fire department loves that dog fiercely. 
pleasantly surprised by the lack of diharrea in controversial, considering it's a pitbull
r/dogswithjobs
He has a better job then me 
[epic movie trailer voice]

When he was just a pup, it tried to kill him.

Now, he fights the same enemy every single day.

Always a whisker ahead of death.

It's Ruff being top dog.

Join us this summer as the heat is turned up.

In cinemas across the country. PG13
Awh he managed to grow up happily
Wow, so heart wrenching!
What is the dogs job in firefighting? 
Firepupper
This dog is better goal oriented than I am...
He followed his dreams. 
The dog who lived. I'd dub him Harry. Good dog.
I'm not crying! You're crying!
He's a really really good boy
HE LOOKS SO HECKIN PROUD OF HIMSELF!!!!!
New member of paw patrol?
he looks very serious. 
Favorite thing I saw today! 
What breed is he? He's absolutely gorgeous!
That short hair means doggo cant be furloughed. 
I’d give up people in my life for him 
Good mother fucking boy right there
Voluntarily? How? How would he know about human activities and professions?!
Do he bite the fire?
People who bitch about this dog "running into burning homes he has PTSD" they're not going to send a living creature in to a dangerous situation, fire dogs are primarily used as emotional support,  his job is to love and be loved, it is possible he's a search and rescue dog, but that's not going to be search and rescue in a burning house. Firefighters risk their lives to save strangers dogs do you really believe they're going to let *their* dog into danger? Jesus.
OMG! That's soooooooo pretty !!!!
his face at the bottom right is so goofy in the best way possible! Good boy!!!
He becomes a VERY good boy!
What a wonderful dog and story.
So cute! Tough little pup! 
Adorable
This just says that anyone can do anything. That dog is not a dalmation and was injured at the start of his life, but now a hero that saves other people's lives. 
The hero that we need.
Holy fuck that made me cry
That poor thing. Glad he’s ok now
Awww
[r/dogswithjobs](reddit.com/r/dogswithjobs) 
Wait. So some firefighters found a dog, saved it from a fire, and stole it from the dogs owners?!?
Uhm is it just me or is that kind of awkward? Like commemorating Jesus with a cross. "Hey Dave you know that Puppy we saved from a burning house? I have an idea, hear me out - "
UHTENN..hut ... EYYZ..front ... EARS..back.

Ready for inspection.
Nice way to retraumatise him 
He looks like he’s so proud of himself in that last picture. 
Fire pupper! 😍
Wouldn’t he have trauma from the initial fire though? I wouldn’t expect dogs to have that some thought process of “I’m doing this so others don’t have to suffer it.” 
I mean, this is cool at all. But imagine you're a living being that doesn't understand human language. You get burnt to a crips because of a fire... then humans give you a job that puts you near fire. 

Sounds a little traumatizing. Hopefully they just have that pup hang out at the fire stations and not helping with the fires. 
anyone else think this is a little mean? he could have like, puppy ptsd
I wish I could upvote this more than once
LOOKIT HIS WEE LIDDLE BADGE!
His grown up eyes say:

This is my watch. My duty. I know the pain and will give my own life so no other creature ever knows that pain.Not on my watch for all my days. 

Such a GOOD BOY! 
Did they crop his ears? Please tell me they are just tucked back....
He looks like the goodest boy omg his badge and vest, I CANT!
This sub is toxic as fuck. There is literally not a single picture that at least 30% of you won't bitterly complain about. Unbelievable. 
Somebody thank this boy for his service! 
You guys and chopping onions in here.
Wow I can't believe he decided to become a firefighter after that.
This is the department I work for. Will confirm he is a sweet puppers. 
wouldn't it be traumatic for the dog to go back to fires???
Imagine having to relive the worst day of your life again and again.
That sounds uplifting, except the dog didn’t choose to be a firefighter. It’s the humans that are forcing him to relive his nightmare experience over and over.
“You merely adopted the fire, I was born in it. Moulded by it.”
"You merely adopted the fire. I was born in it, molded by it."
Could anyone please care to elaborate what's all the fuss about fire fighters in the U.S.?
I know this is not the adequate subreddit for this question, but if you don't mind?
I'm from Europe and for us their job is sure important, but we don't glorify them.
So I don't understand why Americans do that?
what a beautiful boye!

he looks so proud!
What happened to his original owners tho?
So... you're putting him back in to the most traumatic time of his life, night after night?
But wait. Where did the scar on his head come from that is visible on pics 2 & 3?  Doesn't look like it was related to his original injuries
Now THATS a good boy
Take that upvote and choke on it. I'm on the verge of crying...

I love pits!
Is that a dogo argentino?! Beautiful!
Fuck sake Reddit. I am trying to go one day without tears!
That precious face in the last picture. It’s like “what should I do with my paws?” “Am I doing alright?”
That is the cutest fireman I've ever seen! 
Top 10 anime comebacks 
That horrible moment when you downvote on accident and start frantically smashing the upvote button like "OMG NO!!! WHAT HAVE I DONE!!!!"
God bless those that cared, saved, and loved this dog. I am sure he is a brave asset to the firemen.
Is there no trauma or ptsd instilled into dogs that suffer stuff like that?
Now the dog gets to relive the trauma every time theres a fire
Hims a handsome boy! Yes hims is! Edit: B. Lindler... If you are the firefighter that rescued this doggo, you're my fucking hero, too. 
What a good dog!!!!!
Way to go puppers
Beautiful
U all are saying this as if the dog decided for himself to become a firefighter... 
He looks so proud.

&#x200B;
Noises just escaped both myself and my daughter that made everyone turn their head. 
I love that badge.
“hey you lived through a fire, you should go back into more fires”
This dog is so determined!

"Never again!"

Truly the hero we deserve.
Fire Marshal Bull.
They learn to love and trust us.

Good boy.
Origin story
Oh...the....feels.
I'M NOT CRYING! YOU'RE CRYING! 
He looks so proud!!
Such a good boy omg 
They might not bring him near any fires as a support doggy, but I wonder if the smell of fire would evoke anything? Apparently not, since this looks like a good dog. 
You merely adopted the fire. I was born in it. Molded by it.
He linked the flame
Let me guess, his name is “Sparky”. 😊
Great way to decompress after seeing terrible shit and gives a dog a good home. Fire departments should make this a standard.
Great motivater to have around for the firefighters. I fucking love animals! 
He’s a hero ❤️
OMG those burns on his poor body :(
Uh, his name is Jake! 
r/dogswithjobs
Ow.
My heart is melting.
Good boi. Ears back ready to listen 
Wait, what do firefighter dogs do now again? I forgot...
I thought Reddit was crazy about docking and clipping?
That puppy's name?

Steve Buscemi. 
What a good boy 😭❤️
I'm sure he "volunteered" out of his free will, with no way whatsoever influenced by the firemen. 
I think we all can be proud of that good boi .. Pitbulls are quite fearless i have two myself and my oldest whos ten now has amazed me with how loyale to a fault he is. .I could definetly see a pitbull raised by fire fighters would be eager to help in anyway if trained properly.They can and have proven to be good working dogs!
I love Pitbulls.
Pits really are the toughest sweethearts.
Is that the same pup in both pictures? The one with wounds on his back doesn't have facial scars. 
[removed]
Well this doggo deserves extra the treats and belly rubs. 
Give this upvote!!
Cute. Take an upvote cause this reminds me of AOT
Yeah im sure he 'chose' his profession.
Do people in this thread actually think this dog is LITERALLY fighting fires? What is the department doing? Strapping a hose to his back and sending him into the building?
Poor little guy. Goodest boy ever. 💕💕🐶
That's another pibble for the cause of greatness!
proceeds to bite a child
Bravest of good boy's.


Alright, downvote me... :s
Hey buddy, remember how traumatized you were by that fire that almost killed you? Well guess what? You're gonna relive it every day now, as your job! For no pay! 
THE BEST BOY
That vest is legit af
From aww to Arrrrr. Good doggie 
I LOVE thissss!!!!❤️ So, is he adopted by all the other firefighters or does he go home with someone?😁
W o r k i n g B o y e 
WTF, did he ask to become a firefighter?
How does this work? Did his family donate him to the fire department? Does he still live with his family and still attend training/shifts? Is his family not ok (physically or financially) and the fire department adopted him?
He has scars.. Poor doggo
“Thx for saving me from fire”

“Now you want me to go back into fires? Tf”
WALTER
Yeah, that's right! Take revenge!
my goddamn heart!!!!!
Oh how the turntables 
r/GetMotivated
It's the same breed with my baby. Oh how sweet you are 
If Pixar doesn’t have this slated for an upcoming film...
This time it's personal!
Probably because the owners dog died in the fire and had no where to go....
Although it's cute, how traumatic is this for the dog? 
12/10 very handsome 
[removed]
What an adorable pupper!
Awww he's such a brave boi, bless him <3
That poor little man!
What a handsome young man 
Omg I can't 😭😢
Previous lil boo boo😘
The absolute best boy. 
The scars make him stronger
The burns on his back...poor guy
SUPER EXTRA GOOD BOY
Adorable 
What a good boi! 😍😍😍 13 out of 10!
Here is an interesting fire fact. The first municipal fire service was in Edinburgh. It was founded in 1824 by James braidwood. 

https://www.scotsman.com/lifestyle/scottish-fact-of-the-day-edinburgh-fire-brigade-1-2525304
If that dog's farts are like my dog's fart, it's great he's at the fire station. My dog's farts require a paramedic too. 
What happened to the dogs owners ☹️
The goodest of boys
A BRAVE HARDWORKING PUPPER
He looks so smart! 
Holy shit! I thought he was wearing a sweater. Sweet little guy.
The greatest origin story
😭😭😭💘
With great power comes great responsibility 
I hope they named his Sparky
His ears back and chest out like such a proud doggy 
I would watch this anime..
What a strong good boy. 
Cutie!
I ❤ this. Happy endings make me happy....
Who in my office is cutting onions right now?
I wish my redemption arc was this good. 
Oh sweetie. Good job buddy!!
Origin story!
I'd watch that anime 
Oh my heart just leapt out of my chest!
When is the netflix show coming?
Awe bless him!
This is actually really cool, i love that he was rescued and wasnt traumatized (or too traumatized) to be anywhere near fire again!
sweet baby!
He looks very proud
Looks like a good life... 
Cute! 
Aw thats cute
FireBoi
He looks more like a cop.
I'm so fricking proud
What an amazing doggo. Would adopt 10/10.
How the tables have turned 
Somehow this reminds me of Batman
aw what a good pupper :c
Omg what a good boy !!!!!!
That's one of the best origin stories i've ever seen.
r/dogswithjobs
I'm not crying, your crying!
He will forever be one of the goodest of bois
Is there a subreddit for sort of, 'collage' story telling like this?
Glad he’s ok 
Ha😂😂
Pretty cool, looks like a good boy. I wonder if some of the firefighters is the owner, or if the firedepartment owns him etc? Any answers?
He is a handsome boy on his new job
So cute
GOOD DOG!
Needs more floof
He's also be a good ambassador for burns victims too.
I don’t know if I agree with training him to run into fire after being saved from it :/
I can’t look at these wounds...
Bestest boye 
He's the dog batman
Most precious
Good dog.
My new greatest hero.
What a trooper 😍
He’s so cute... pit bull terrier, right?
Im happy he's ok! Him becoming a firefighter dog is like a great superhero origin story!
Proud. 
That is a good boy if I ever say one
He is the best boi! 
That's what we called a  Determination. Love it
Aww poor baby :( glad he is ok now and he even became a firefighter puppy!! Have a great life❤
What a handsome young man! 
That's a good boy
Something tells me there is a very sad story behind this.
HE. IS. SO CUTE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What did humanity do to deserve amazing dogs? 
Good boi!
That dog is braver than like 15 percent of the population
The goodest of boys
This is definitely an anime.
Is OP Benders cousin, Blinder? 
That’s a damn good boy than 
Where did his ears go??
when do we get to see the Disney adaptation?
When I saw this and looked at the last pic I said “aww you big ol fire dawg” lol I love him
He is absolutely adorable!!!
Awww! 
so happy he pulled through. He had a destiny to fulfill. Reminds me of the book "A Dog's Purpose"
Cute

A FUCKING CHAMP!!!!!!!!
I have much respect for this dog.
Good boy!
This is so great! 
aww
r/bestboys
What a good, brave pup! 
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger, ftw
https://www.gameofthronesquote.com/images/sandor-clegane/its-my-damn-luck-i-end-up-with-a-band-of-fire-h7v.jpg
Brave Boy :)
What a good boy 
he outsourced the heat! 
He's a fighter, appropriately becoming a firefighter.  Nice puppy.
He looks so sad in the first picture
He deserves all the treats.
What an awesome pup! That is fantastic! 
BEAUTIFUL.  God bless the fire people, police people,  rescue workers and helpful morale boosting pets for ALL you do. Thank you 
Was he shot with guns?!?!
He’s a good boy and he deserves all the treats and scritch scratches 😍😍😍
Firehouse hooooouuuund!
Poor puppy! He is so brave and a smart looking firefighter!!!
*heroic music in background*
Omg! Thank you for this pup’s recovery! Wishing and hoping healthy and happiness for this pooch! 💖💖💖
𝘊𝘳𝘺𝘪𝘯𝘨 𝘪𝘯𝘵𝘦𝘯𝘴𝘪𝘧𝘪𝘦𝘴.
Is there a story to go with the pics? I love a success story
This is the definition of hope.
Better firefighter than me for sure.
This is a creature that knows how to be grateful.
I wonder how long this little guy will be a probe. ;)
What kinda dog is this?

I feel so bad for his wounds. 
Wow. This is so Awesome thanks God the Dog is Very Fine 😊
Badass
Such a strong boi 
Beat the thing that once defeated you
Sweetie
The best boy!! 😓
But, “pit bulls are evil!!!”
"I was born from the fire..."
He looks so brave and noble 
Ohhh, his poor back! I want to give him so many ear skritches.
❤️
What a tough pup ❤️
He became a good fiery boi :D
Poor guy. I think he wants revenge. Good choose boi ❤
those are some nasty burns
Marshall the Fire Pup! ( Paw Patrol but wrong breed)
Best firefighter!
******~burns my house down~******
SAVE ME!
He's adorable 
100% I will trust that face!
Now das a goot boi
OMG!! Love at first sight, DOES exist!!!
Got fired last week, I need things like this.
Dogs are great!  Always just wanting to be loved, love you back, protect, and have your back.  This little guy looks so proud to have such an important job.  He was rescued and now he's rescuing others.
Phew! Ruff life. Glad the puppy is okay!!
Its like he's Robin and the Fire department is Batman
Awwe, what a handsome, brave pup!! 💙
Awww poor little guy!
u/nemolumen u/Classof14 
Why does he have so many scars, when not all are from "the fire?"
Oops, never mind. They are all from the fire.😞...😊❤👍👏
Just look at those charred Mark's on the poor pup. 😥So has he been, all this time, raised there at the firehouse? He looks gorgeous, really. Not just saying so because of the tragedy. In his eyes there's a soul who understand what's happened to him. 🤗 A very lucky pupper, indeed.❤😊
* insert funny joke here *
[removed]
I ❤ this. Happy endings make me happy....
He wears his vest and wounds with pride! Love it!
Top 10 character arcs
He needs a super hero name to go with his origin story. I'm proposing Barkdraft.
❤️❤️❤️❤️
Brave, handsome boi
ORIGIN STORY
I wish my dog wasn't so stubborn, I wanted him to be a service dog, but he didn't pass the training, he was too interested in sniffing around.
Love him! Such a brave boy! Stay safe out there!
Is this a dogo Argentino? It looks like the breed!
this dog is an absolute unit
Look at that proud land seal! So handsome!
Aww his poor body. Good job puppers!
Good news doggo, we have a job for you.
Oh yeah, what's that?
You remember that burning building we pulled you out of? You're going back in!
Ffffffuck
How the turns have tabled.
Is his number 000 to make it a paw print on his helmet??
Pup seems a little conflicted over his career choice. 
Dats a good firewoofer
Improvise. 
Adapt. 
Overcome.
It's not like he can choose to become a firefighter.
So handsome
WHAT IS HIS NAME?
That's an origin story I can get behind
Brave boy
Forced labor yayyyyyy
Underdog to Superdog! Way to go!
Great. Saved him to enslave him!
this is the most wholesome and my heart can barely contain it
The greatest success story
Greatest thing I’ve seen today
He looks so proud
Too damn adorable!!
Hey that's Jake. He is my family's dog.
"Know you had a traumatizing experience with fire so we're going to make it your job to work with it the rest of your life, and if you don't like it well you won't be loved or fed, hope you can cope!"
Pitbulls are fighter dogs... firefighter dogs
The great pitty of FIRE
Imagine almost dying in a fire and then every day you go to work trying not to die in fires. 
Wait a goddamned minute. 

Did the dog ASK to be continually put back into this situation? 

Commenting before reading the thread, as is the way of the internet, so I’m prepared to be schooled...
Its cute and all but I think they didn't think critically. 
Exposing a dog to fire who was traumatized by fire (especially when a pup) is not smart. The dog needs to be away from fire. He doesn't look too happy as an adult dog. This is honestly sad in my opinion. 

Of course hes a pitbull. The best dogs always are 
This is kinda fucked up. What if that good boy has some serious doggy-PTSD around fires?
Handsome good boye
Ironic: he could save others from fire ... and also be saved himself?

Sorry, that doesn't work.
Such a good pup! ❤
Pits are the smartest dog you can get
Oh no it's a pitbull everyone be scared now. Scariest breed ever. Hahaha people are dumb sometimes.
Thats too adorable
Someone needs to make a movie about this
Imagin if he dies to a fire 

ONIONS EVERYWHERE
I hope they didn't actually have him go back into fires to save people. 
Firefighters and their dogs Are the real heroes. The opposite of police and their tortured dogs. Acab
Oh great. Nothing like forcing him to constantly relive his horrific incident for the rest of his life. 
thank you to the owner for your obligation- healing the wounds  and loving him for everything he is-  he is beautiful
He's got those Forest Whitaker eyes, adorable! 
Omg those sheets! Those sheets are 101 dalmatian sheets from the 90s. 

I still have mine they are the comfiest sheets ever!
Baptized in fire. 
Best origin story yet. 
How do you keep those burns clean?  Is it safe to put a burn cream on them?  Lidocaine?  I just imagine that poor little guy whimpering all night  
What a good ol boy
This is such a beautiful and motivational story. I recently have been feeling sad and anxious because of recent tragedies but this has really inspired me and I love this dog for being such a brave boy. Love and respect to all of our four-legged friends
Thank you for your service and glad you made it out alive!  WOOF WOOF!
This dog has a backstory that movies are made out of. 

Why is lieutenant Bork is serious all the time? It’s just a fire. 

Son, you see those scars on his face? The lieutenant has seen some shit that would ruin any doge.   
10 'dog years' challenge done right 😅
Omg this face!  
"Officer Bowzer reporting for duty!"
Quite the origin story
He’s like the batman of dogs. Scared of the fire then becomes the fire fighter.
Ok, who else had those 100 & 1 Dalmatian flannel sheets that he's wrapped in as a kid?!? 
A great "aww" post with a side of some nostalgia. 
Seems to fit well in /r/frompuppytodog.
[deleted]
He looks well disciplined. 
This Dogo has seen some things 
Animals are the best thing about our planet. 
I wish there was a special filter of animals in pain that I could apply.  I love NSFW humor and don't really GAS about people, but seeing an animal hurt breaks my heart.
A fire almost killed him so he dedicated his entire life to killing fire that's hardcore
IM NOT CRYING, YOU’RE CRYING !!! 😭
Hello animales love

awwwwww

i feel so bad for the dog

&#x200B;
These pictures brought tears to my eyes.  You are a hero for saving this little pupper!  Whoever you are much props and many thanks!
Ugh... Imagine being in that kind of pain and not being able to reason.
D'awww...
Nothing makes me more sad than hurt animals... I’m literally crying. That poor proud pupper
Somehow I find it cruel to make this dog probably traumatized by fire once go at it again.
JoJo reference?
ACAB?
I can tell, it’s pretty sad in those pictures...
GOOD BOY 
Hey beautiful 😍
Oh mah gawd. Lookit that face!!
Good boy!
Good boy
We don’t deserve Dogs!
Usually traumatic experiences for dogs follows them later on
Probably be downvoted but why do the last two pictures shows serious scars on his head but the first picture shows no signs of a head wound?
Bad ass dog
This is kind of fucked up. That dog is probably emotionally traumatized by the fire. Who decided that the best course of action is to make him keep interacting with them? Obviously the dog didn't tell anyone this was what it wanted. Someone just thought it'd make a great "overcoming" story, but that seems like a really selfish decision for an owner to make for a dog that's been through that. 
[deleted]
My hearrrtttt
Firedog is the bestest dog!
New Arson inspector.
I’d give my life for this doggo. 
AAAAAAWH
The most handsomest fire fighter there ever was!
What a badass
beautiful dog! Looks very proud to be part of the force. 
He gets his revenge!
Who put these onions here!?
[Video of the good burn boye!](https://youtu.be/E9U22QOQETs)  Had to see more of him and found a short about him on YouTube. He’s called Jake!
What a badass
Awww
Monkey see monkey do
Good doggo 
The goodest of em all
he’s so brave i love him 
Handsome fella
Wow; now I am crying at my desk thank you very much
The goodest boy
THE BESTEST BOYYY
Yea he can breathe the smoke now
I protek, I helps
heroic pittbull runs into burning building to bite one more child
They should make a movie, "Fire hurt me before, but now I fight FIRE!" 
Just another reason dogs > cats 
r/GetMotivated
zOMGTHATSADORABLE! Now, I know that all doggos are good, but, what a good pupper! 21 out of ten! That's right. Dog got blackjack in a game that's not only not blackjack, but, not even a game. Honorary Ph.D for this gorgeous beast! 
Stop 
