surprised the dog didn't get a swat, whenever my dog pokes his head through the cat door they bat him
His face popping out for a sniff killed me. 
Great idea and execution. Has given me an idea... that I won't follow through on. 
[removed]
people used to do this with their children https://www.goodhousekeeping.com/life/news/a33058/hanging-baby-cages/
We have a catio for our 4 indoor cats. Even in minus degrees they demand to go outside. They love it.
Kitty’s outside voice 😻
r/Catswhoyell would appreciate this :p
Op is this a catio you bought and assembled or made on your own? I really want to do this for my cats at my parents house I'm just not sure how to do the kitty door. 

This looks like an amazing catio!
Very cute and a great idea for this space made just for the cat. I am sure he/she enjoys it as much as he/she can.

edit: both of them xD
[removed]
I was expecting some cat slaps.'I TOLD YOUR DARYL. NOT FOR YOU!'
Every catio post I see just makes me wish I lived somewhere that would make that work! (Apt with lots of doggy neighbors)
Talking kitty 😍
[deleted]
I love his little meows 
Now my cat is pointing a gun at me and told me to build one. 
Now they’re a true team. Doggo can bork at the people that Catto was looking disapprovingly at.
i built one for our cats last may. It wasnt all that hard even though i never built anything before. besides the wire mesh on the outside I also stapled screening over it to keep mosquitos out

My big orange cat also has small meows. 
Now you need to build a dog cabin, just to be fair.
Catios are great! My neighbors had one, and it allowed me to get to know their two indoor kitties. 
It’d be neat to make something like this, but I worry with our cats, they’re young and get into “everything.” We don’t even open windows for them right now because they try to climb the screen as soon as you turn around. Do you think they could mess with the fencing enough and eventually get out, or is it pretty sturdy and well fortified?
That's actually nice for the dog too. He can still look around and get more fresh air when he/she wants to.❤ Very inspirational.
Can't they just go through holes in the fence?  It looks like they can easily squish through there
That is such a great idea for indoor kitties! Also I honestly can't believe people are being so rude about indoor cats in the comments O_o
Why not make it a full on petio?
All the responses of  “let the cat roam free”

Are there cars where you live?
Your car has amazingly cute “meows”
"Hi! Welcome to my crib. This is my awesome patio and that's my dumb roommate."
All of a sudden I can't help but think that cat patios should be standard fare in all houses and apartments.
I love it!!  We are planning on building a cardio this spring.  Our one cat keeps trying to escape every time we open the door.
Aww those meows are melting my cold dead heart.
That soft meow has melted my cold heart. Then derpy Mcgee poked their snoot out the cat door and I dang near died laughing. 
My cat could fit through those holes even if she couldn't.
This is both good for the cat & the local wildlife, especially in places like Australia or New Zealand.

Letting your cat outside on its own can be dangerous as larger pets, feral pests, or predators could get to it, or the cat could hunt rare local wildlife, some of which could be venomous or poisonous.

And that's not getting into feral moggies that want to harm or mate with your pet cat.
The local wild animals thank you, and me as well. This is such a great way to give your pets fresh air but not let them murder animals.
Excellent for birb watching.
Ahhh you have a talky kitty! I love talky kitties so much! 

(With two of my own.)
My dad built a catio for his cats... that starts on the second floor balcony, rounds the corner of the house still high in the air (with a couple cat doors leading into windows along the way), alllll the way to the other end of the house, then builds down to the ground floor.

I want one of these someday for my cats, and I know just the person to hire.
Your catio is beautiful! We have a very modest one ourselves. And I do mean *very* modest. It's like the redneck catio compared to your lovely wooden one.

It's a 10x10x6 dog kennel made of chain link, with the corners and roof covered over with welded wire fencing. I wired it all into place by hand with pliers and baling wire, like I was sort of sewing a giant metal tent. Then there's a sort of shaped welded wire tunnel that leads from a little drop-in, wooden window 'socket' I made to fit the open window with a little store-bought kitty door in it, to a nice little wooden ramp. 

I nailed some garage door and pipe insulation around the wooden socket so it could press neatly from inside the window outward, then my husband connected it to the ramp with more screws, so to move it, one would have to lift the ramp (which is damnedly heavy, and try to push the socket back inside against the half-closed window -which would be hard, considering the catio is both A. padlocked, and B. wired with CCTV cameras, like a sort of feline Supermax. Also, the two of us together couldn't do it once we propped the table inside against the socket, which is how the cats get up to the window to go outside. So it's not a bad design, for as frugal and ultimately removable as it is. No holes were drilled into the house itself, it's all done with careful measurements and frictional press fitting.

So the cats get a 10x10 foot runabout space outside, which I weed whack inside and have some catnip planted around, and they can go in and out as they please. I put some plastic shelving into said catio for them so they can climb a bit, and there are some trees to shade it. The whole project was about five hundred dollars, though most of it could have been done a little cheaper had I watched Craigslist longer and used more found materials. 

From the road, it looks like we must have some giant dogs, and now and then some of the kids who have their bus stop nearby will dare one another to go see the 'dogs.' A kid will sneak across our yard, usually tiptoeing, see the empty catio, realize there's something very weird about there being a ramp and a tiny flappy door, and then suddenly, kittycats run out! 

Sometimes they scream in surprised terror. Sometimes they clap and cheer as they laugh their heads off. It's most entertaining. When my catnip borders come in, the closest neighbor kids like to crush some and sprinkle it for my cats. A lot of them aren't allowed cats at home, so they come and commune with mine while I do gardening. Now and then I advise on homework, my husband helps them fix and maintain various toys and bicycles, and since our daughter arrived, we have a lovely supply of older children to help get her properly socialized and teach her proper kid games. Being the crazy cat people is not a bad niche in our neighborhood. 
The dog is like : "Heyyyy, that's pretty good !"
[deleted]
Genius!
Sniff sniff
Bravo!! We don’t have any good windows with which to start a catio and I’m so sad about it. Your kitties are lucky!! 
The best part about this is “catio”
Dog be like, was that a code 3 alarm I hear? 
He looks so happy!
More footage, please. This is amazing 
I'm a simple guy I see kitty I like
Oh my godddddd! So cute 😄❤
Dude... I am jealous. 
I would have used chicken wire for the fencing. Cat can definitely get through those big squares 
Do you get vertically gifted critters visiting you? Squirrels, trash pandas, house elves?
So uh, that fence looks like the cat could easily just walk through. Plus ive seen the bastards slide under doors.
" thank you" "thanks so much" "thanks"-cat

"hey freindo whats happenin out here"-doggo


Props on you for keeping your cats inside, cats are horrible for wildlife and I with more people did it frankly.
Keep the local bird population in tact
I need this for my cats... one of them is always dying to go outside but we lost a cat that way so we rarely let them
Ours is much simpler https://i.imgur.com/RlVSWkk.jpg
indoor cats? do they not/are they not allowed to go outside? 

p.s. very cool, good job
Enjoying nature?
Thank you for keeping your cats behind doors.  Cats kill over a BILLION song birds a year in the United States alone.
I honestly think more people should do this. How much safer would cats be if people built these for them to use? There are so many people out there that hurt cats intentionally... It's not worth the risk. 
Great idea! Cats shouldn’t be outside unless on a leash, watched at all times or in a safe environment like this. 

Thank you for doing your part to take care of your own pet and the wildlife around you 
What do you do about bugs?
I need to know how this was made. And see more of it. I have being trying to figure out what to build for my cat.
Build a Dorch, a porch for the sole purpose of dogs
That is a GREAT idea! And the two of them are so cute\^\^
Is the access point the window? How do you stop bugs from coming in? 
The galaxy is on Orion’s belt.
Is the dog  a Chiweenie? Dachshund /chihuahua mix? I’ve got one of those.  

Love the catio!
It... really looks to me like a cat could squeeze through that wire.
The dog appearing was unexpected but very cool haha. You certainly did a good job though, looks good and seems like the cat is loving it
I like the idea! It let's your cat be happy, while also helping keep animals outside safe. Cool!
Someday I want a house/condo with a screened in porch to be able to do this for my future kitties. And then I'll be able to hang out with them outside too.




~~Plus I just love the idea of screened in porches in general because outside but no bugs.~~
My uncle made one of these with a treehouse and a suspended bridge to connect it to the main area.
SO I'm guessing that you don't have any kids
This is the ONLY reason I would purchase a house. 
I will definitely be getting a catio for my first house. 

My uncle has a similar concept, and told me he paid just over $10,000 (we live in Canada) to have someone build everything and secure it. 

How much did it roughly cost you in terms of $$$ and time?

Jackson Galaxy would be proud!
Huh..so cute
I can't wait to be able to do this for my cats. Future me is going to buy a house for my cats' sake. 
Thanks for the idea
u/devcat1023 
To heck with a “catio,” instead I think people should build a “pooch-porch” or a “pup-deck” !
for sure got food in your hand
What's that breed of dog?
This made me spit out my yogurt laughing.
Nah he's not jealous, he is glad to see the cat can't get out .
your cat has amazingly cute “meows” 😻

I like the idea! how happy this kitty would be. 


I love this! Any chance for a non-reddit share link?
u/babiedumpling We need to build one of these onto our future house.
The dogs out there seeing what the owner is up to.  😂
We are in the process of buying our first house (*why is there so much paperwork?!*), and this is something I really want to do for our cat. We have the perfect window for it off what will be the computer room.  
I highly doubt the dog is jealous... they are far superior to cats and above petty feelings of jealousy. 

Long hail all dogs. 
Whenever i buy a house im definitely going to think about doing this and buy everything and then think about it for 20 years and never do it 
Should make a channel just to share random videos of these cats on the catio
Those meows! 😂
Made a small version of this. Cats loved it, but kept getting fleas. Anyone know of any flea-netting I could use? 
I’m sure you have good reasons but why can’t he go completely outside?
Now you have to build a dogio!
I am more thrilled with Doggo
sticking his head out "uh - uhhhhh, smell, mmmh outside, me likey! Oh ohh the Cat. .... what's that smell?"
Damn, this is great!
Sounds like you need a pupio too!
Please setup a live web cam.  I could watch this all day!
u/lilithabunni  might be a good idea. sort of the one I told you about.
This is genius!  Why didn’t I think of this before and why don’t more people do this?

Damn... I’m gonna build this for my cats this summer!
Catio is an awesome word, but for some reason my brain wants to pronounce it "cay-show." Same thing happens to me with cations, too.

That dog poking his snout out is the most adorably doggy thing ever! <3
Love the idea.

&#x200B;

Needs mosquito barrier, cats need to be on heartworm preventative. Rare, but main FIRST clinical sign is sudden death (pulmonary embolism).
You guys actually think indoor cats are locked inside with no simulation , attention and are all miserable... 

Sounds like the only attention you guys give your cat is when you let them outside 

Hmm
Responsible cat ownership at its finest. Kudos to you.
Dog: "can I come out?"

Cat: "No, its a CATio.  no dogs allowed."
Oh man I want to do this soooo bad. I had my cats declawed early because we live on a main road and they were tearing up the leather inside. I immediately regretted it. This is something that seems amazing for them since I can't in good conscious let them run around freely outside without front claws. 

&#x200B;

 Btw, anyone thinking of declawing, do not. Unless it is medically necessary. 
My dad built a couple that were more like window unit air conditioners so we could take them down when it rained. Our cats loved them, and the neighbors always asked about them.
> The dogs quickly learned they could stick their heads through the cat door to look and sniff outside.

Or for other purposes. 

On a chilly autumn afternoon, Mittens decided to spend the rest of her day watching the sun set from her catio. While the weather wasn't ideal, Mittens preferred the biting cold over the inside of her home where that idiotic dog, who she called "the beast", roamed. Thank god for the owner for having built this enclosure, giving her a place of rest from that foul smelly beast. 

Something made the beast different from Fiddo, the other canine who resided in the interior. Fiddo was respectful of Mitten's territorial bounds and even indulged her by attempting to engage in cat social customs. On the other hand, the dog held little regard for any of her territory as it invaded and retreated on a whim, leaving behind a foul stench in its wake while disturbing her nests. It seemed the dog held some kind of grudge against Mittens ever since she'd arrived, for he never acted in such a way toward Charlie, the other feline. Anyway, Mittens could not figure the reason for its meanness as any attempts at polite discourse ended in tense stand offs. Sometimes those moments led to duels which Mittens came out the worse from, even if she won, as the dog's stench would stick to her body for days after such close encounters. 

But this enclosure granted a respite from the constant vigilance she had to maintain to survive within. Sure, there was the occasional fox or coyote that attempted to make a meal of her here, but the defenses the owner had built held their ground and Mittens could quickly make her way inside. With a sigh of relief, Mittens lay down and closed her eyes while trying to make the best of the gusty day. 

Then came a noise from the shrubs. At first Mitten paid no heed to the disturbance, until it grew closer. Must be another fox, she thought, and prepared herself to enter the small passage to the interior only to be stopped by the beast's ugly face. 

"Going somewhere?", it growled.

"This is no time for jokes, dog" Mitten hissed. "One of your wild brethren approaches and I must head inside."

"Oh, I don't believe it's one of my brothers this time, cat. Take a gander."

At this point Mittens thought of cutting the conversation short with her claws, until the earth shook from the direction she'd heard the noises from. Her face quickly darted back toward the shrubs, where she saw a tremendous monster with thick brown fur emerge. It salivated at the mouth and held a fixed stare at Mittens as it trudged toward her. It could easily tear down the enclosure. A pang of fear electrified Mitten's body, causing her to try to enter the home again, only to crash into the dog's face. Desperate, she made her plea. 

"L-listen dog, I don't know why we've fought so much in the past, but this is too cruel even for you" she gasped. "Let me in, I beg you, I cede all my lands to you and I will only occupy a small nest where I won't disturb you."

The dog simply stared, and the approaching monster's footsteps grew louder. Finally he let out his decision.

"I wish for not only your territory, but also for your permanent absence to avoid the chance of a reprisal. It is time for you to exit this home and this world."

Realizing she had no other choice, Mittens, wide eyed, let out a desperate yell and gashed at dog's face like she'd never done before. Though his fur granted some protection, the dog's face could not withstand the assault without suffering painfully deep lacerations. Yet the dog withstood the assault and held his ground. Mittens desperately swung her claws at his face, ever aware of the approaching steps, until they came to a halt. She jumped back and stared in shocked awe at the full size of the monster, who towered over the prison she was trapped in. 

The dog did not move a muscle, not even to nurse its wounds, to witness the carnage. Only after the bear had left did he remove himself from the windowsill. The countless skirmishes over the years were over, and the war was won. Yet the pleasure of victory was short lived. The beast now desired for more, and set his sights on Fiddo and Charlie. Their time would soon come, and the interior would become his kingdom. 
What a cute meow.
I built a catio for my two indoor cats and had to reinforce the "screen" with chicken wire because my escape artist kitten kept pushing herself through those squares!! 
Looks great. Just make sure to talk to your vet about appropriate preventatives now that they go outside. They are more likely to be exposed to mosquitoes, ticks and fleas so preventatives may be a good idea to keep them healthy and enjoying the catio.
This is amazing. Be sure to vaccinate them still! 
!!! EMERGENCY !!!

THE CAT ACTUALLY SAID 'MEOW'!



thank you for your time; have a nice day.

Don't cage the birds, cage the predators!
Dumb question but you seem to have big garden, why is your cat an indoor cat.  We’ve had many cats over the years and by default they are very curious and love to go outside. 

Edit: why the down votes for a valid question. 
Why do you not let your cat outside? No hate
Thanks for doing this! Cats kill migratory birds and this solves the problem!
Why not just let them go outside normally?
Thank you so much. 

I love cats but in our day in age they do not need to be out door pets. They are an incredibly invasive species. They kill millions of birds every year and spread multiple diseases. 

On top of that outdoor kitties get a lot more sicknesses and are hurt alot more than indoor. You created the best of both worlds and I applaud you.  
How dare you deny your cat 

- getting hit by a car and other injuries 

- killing wildlife and being an invasive species 

-shitting In other people’s yards 

- increasing the chance of meeting someone who will harm your cat 

- increasing the chance of getting sick 

- fights with other cats 

-increasing the chance of your cat getting stuck somewhere, not coming home or getting picked up

That’s actually awful!! You need to let your cat run out right now!1 

Couldn't you just let the cat go out?
Why dont you just let it outside 
Are indoor cats an actual thing, or is it people not letting the cat outside for some human reason?
I feel like a "catio" isn't needed 
After a quick debate, cat and dog give this setup ★★★★★.
I built something similar when I moved to teach my cats where we live before they were allowed to be outside as much as they wanted. 
Hard learning them to use the catdoor and not the window after. 
I like how she don’t half to worry about hawks or coyotes. 
[deleted]
Why not just let them out?
Why not just let him out?  Cats kinda like sort of thing
Some people don't have clean drinking water and this guy has catio
WHERES THE DOGIO
Orange bois are my favorite kitties.  Shout to the puppers who is good enough frens with kitty to shove his snoot in the shot haha
How come I can just open a window to the outside world for my indoor cats and not have to worry about them running off? Most of the time, they stay within a 10 meter radius of the house. I've never had to worry about them running off. Are my cats just unique or what?
Let your fucking cat outside 
I’m going to sound dumb, but when I grew up we had two cats that went in and out as they pleased.  What makes an indoor cat an “indoor” cat?

Thanks!
I just let mine outside. I don’t like keeping animals locked up in confined spaces. It’s unnatural.
What a great Catio. They both seem to like it.
That has to be the sweetest meow I've ever heard. What a cutie!
"Yeah no just hanging out here don't mind me"
Nice roomates! 
Cutie
clearly the cat is swearing at you to get the camera out of it's face
We have a screened in catio for our three cats. The litterboxes are out there too. Its great.
"Let me into your clubhouse!"
"No."
"Let me in!"
"NO"
This is awesome!!! I want to make one, I think my cats would love it. 
Cat: Hi!

Dog: Keep it down out there, I'm licking my balls in here
Great Idea!
My two chubby boys would go bonkers over this......
I am also jealous 
Wonderful!!! 
Gorgeous 🥰🥰
That’s awesome!
Dam, that is an amazing idea. Great job!
Your dog looks like a goober and I fucking love it
A neighbor down the road has a ... dogio?   It's an outdoor kennel structure (fenced area) they can get to through a dog door to the garage and then a dog door to the 

There's actually a third dog door that is often left open to the outside world from the dogio that is unlocked by their collar.  In the summer (as far as I know the third door is locked in the winter) you'll find two yorkies laying on their front porch furniture and one of them (the younger one) patrols the yard.     Both are quite friendly and the older Yorkie has established himself as the lead dog in a neighborhood of sadly poorly trained dogs (going crazy when we walk down the sidewalk, etc).  When they get out of control (barking) the old Yorkie will walk down the sidewalk and bark a few times, all the less trained dogs outside just quiet down and go lay down somewhere.   

I'm always impressed by them as these two Yorkie's are basically free to roam but manage themselves well.

As far as I know the people who live at the house are hardly ever home but dogs seem quite happy.
His big fangs I love them
HEY FRIENDS I CAN FITS TOO SEE
Why do you build a dogio?
You guys are good people. 
Cat still mad. Dog still happy. 
Somehow, that cat will escape. 
That's a neat idea, but in the -40's right now I don't think my cat would go in it anyway. :P 
Then build a doggio
Loves catios
My grandparents just have a cage at the other side of a window for their cat. This only really works if you have a window close to the ground though.
This just made my year
I need my own place where I can do shit like this..
Can you show the whole thing? Please. 
My cat needs this.
What a spoiled little brat! You can see it in his lazy little eyes. Good job! 
Looking so cute ☺️
That's the most unique "meow" I have ever heard so far.
brruh i should do this soon
OP,

I want to do this really bad, on a smaller level. I have a small apartment with a pretty large balcony. So my idea was replace the balcony door with one that has a doggy door (so i dont lose my rental deposit, lol) and then make something to connect from there. Almost like a giant version of hampster cages that link together.

Problem is, and if anyone reading this can help that would be great, my cats never go outside. They have their shots and are 100% up to date with everything, but I am worried that this will expose them to stuff they aren't used to. They're both older, at around 10 years each, and I worry that maybe their immune systems won't be able to fight off a sudden flurry of new things. Does that make sense or am I overthinking this?

I am also terrified they will get out somehow, but that's another story.
What is the deal with the cat and dog speak I see all the time on reddit? 
That's a wonderful catio! And he clearly appreciates it! My dogs also want to go onto my cats' catio, but they can only do that if they are calm, which is not very often, lol.
Damn that's a swank catio!  Nice work!
Slap a dog door and ledge right below the window and you're all set! 
Dog is not jealous: he can’t even tell the difference between his situation and the cat. As far as he is concerned, that whole thing was made for him.
I'm planning to build something similar in the spring. Any tips?
Couldn’t the cat get through the wire keeping it in?  Does he/she just not attempt it?
My cat would escape this unfortunately, good idea though
The real cage is in his mind (head explodes).  The dogs are trying to tell the cat it’s a cage.  I bet they still actually get to go outside.  Lol 
If this was California, a whole colony of ants would have gotten in.
Love the disdainful air-sniffing when the dog stuck its head out. "Bitch you stank"
cool.
My mother in law had one built for her tiny dogs she got. It's super reinforced because she was worried about Coyotes. Gives them access to about 20 sqft of patio so not bad. They are potty trained out there so she just goes to hose it down every day or so. Pretty good for people who aren't in good enough health to walk their dogs. 
Translation of the cat's last meow: "Oh hi doggy!"
Get those doggies a pupio now dangit
I love you for this. 

Kitty gets some sunshine time, but is not in danger from cars or predators - and the local birds are safe.

We plan on screening in our porch.  Half for us, half for the kitties.
Squeeky toy!
Awesome
Aww, that’s adorable! You’re such a great owner OP!
Please give the dog some belly rubs for me ❤️
This might the cutest thing I've ever seen, I can't take it.
We did sort of the same thing at our house! We made a little cat door and a ramp concealed by a cabinet that goes out to our screen porch so we don't have to leave our front door open
OP is a top tier cat owner. They went above and beyond to let their cat have some freedom without letting them be an outdoor cat and being a bad owner/neighbor/citizen. 
That is a mega idea!!
This is my primary reason for wanting a house! But I live in Seattle so oh well..
Dog Probably: "Dumb cat, doesn't know how to use a sniff hole properly"
In 1000 years your house will be found and they will have proof that we worshipped cats.

Sike world will end by then.

But this is so cool. When imagination and technical skills come together for magic!! Dogio is next??
It really looks like the cat can get through the fence if it just tried.
That is a very happy kitty meow! 
Aww, this is brilliant 👍🏻
Love the colour of the wood, is that recycled?
Lol nice "catio". I like it.
I love seeing catios. My finance built one last fall for our rescue so he can watch the traffic from our second-storey apartment balcony. After being outside for a few minutes my fur baby becomes so "squirrelly!" He zooms around and becomes so talkative. 
Catio for cattos
nyaaao
This is amazing! We are planning on building one for our cats this summer and this is the perfect design!
I'm so happy for this kitty
you must be a great owner
such sniffs, much like
your doggy is cute af
That little voice :)

&#x200B;
It’s so funny cause the dog can’t fit in for some reason.
That little mew is so adorable! 
Thanks for the idea!
Shots fired in the war between cats and dogs. Might as well be the Gaza Strip. 
I love it, I have a catio that I need to pimp out this spring. It’s just a 4x4 but maybe hang some window planters on it. My windows wouldn’t accommodate your set up unfortunately. 
A d o R a b l E 
Get back inside you fuckin pleb -cat, probably 
They are saying “Some treats, kind owner?”
"Bob! Bob, someone's come 'round, come say hi!"    
"Huh?"
Done! Givve me 
My wife had been talking about something like this for our indoor cats.  Awesome!
This has to be fake. Of all the cats I know, if I put this much effort into making something for them, they'd refuse to use it just to say "fuck you" to me.
You need to build a dogio now. 
That’s super cool!
While the gif was loading my screen froze on [this](https://i.imgur.com/R3UvcJ4.png) 😐
I stayed in an Airbnb in San Diego that had one of these for their cat. It was so cute. 
Happy cat is happy.
Are your cats making too much noise and making your other pets jealous when they escape to their catio? Think there's no answer? You're so stupid. Kitten mittens!
SO CUTE
I'm hoping to build a catio next spring. This one looks awesome! Is the bottom portion attached to your porch or just the ground? The cat door you built is such a simple work around to the "how do I leave it open without losing ac and inviting in the bugs?" problem I was having.

Do you happen to have a build anywhere for this this? I would love to see it!

Edit to ask: how did you attach it to your siding? My husband is insistent that I don't drill into the side of the house because he doesn't want me to cause any damage. I haven't gotten that far along in my planning yet but I'd love to know what you did!
Man i really wish I could do this for my cat, he gets really antsy and bored in my apt.
I’ll bet the cat could squeeze through those holes if it wanted. I’m always amazed by how small of a space a cat can get through. 
Catios are great!  I would have used a much smaller fencing though.  Looks like the cat can stick it's head through.  If that fits, the rest can.
U need to make something for the dogs now OP !!
Catio a Go-Go is the hottest new club on the strip.
That's a happy kitty
I'm going to go out on a limb and say you don't have an HOA
Make the door wide enough for the dog
We have one of these too and we call it our cat coop! 
Anyone else read it as "case she oh" first? I'm going back to bed 
This is baller! I would recommend adding a fine mesh screen around the outside to help protect them from ticks/fleas/mosquitos though.
Dont think this works. Cats are liquids when it comes to small openings
You see the cage and you think: "finally not a car or a dog"...
Does anyone have experience with those large outdoor fence domes for cats? Been thinking about getting one. 
Dog door is too small
Hey, I made one of those too!  Mine's called "Kitty Condo".

https://i.imgur.com/VTVb5Zd.jpg

"Dad get out of my ROOM!"
People used to do this for small children in the city because they thought fresh air was required 
OMG just living the dream.
Can I have your cat I really want it 
upvoted for the word "catio"
God that meow. Makes me miss my cats. 
Did you have to get a permit to build this?
I spent several weekends screening in our front patio for our kitties, but they're not nearly as interested as I hoped.
What is he saying??
I can hear those little meows so clearly what an adorable little peanut whiskered little dude 
2 
So cute!  I love it!
Ah yes the catio. The ratio of cats. 
What a great idea! I want one for myself too. 
We got the same thing! Just a little bit bigger :D
Upvote is for the dog.
I'd be worried the cat could wiggle through the wire fencing. I've had cats. They're basically liquid. 
I love the way he meows, like he is saying thank you I’m enjoying this so much human! 
Wow maybe ill build this for our future house!
My future home will have a catio! Love it
dogos are more important 
Well yea, this is blatant favoritism 
I live in a second floor apartment with a sweet porch. Every year when it gets warm. I crack a window open and let the cats hang out there. They absolutely love it. They get so mad when patio season is over.
Come on its 2019 how about a little equality. 

The dog deserves its own area too just look at their head poking through that hole how can you not make one for them?
omg great idea!
That precious lil meow!!!! AAAHHHH SO CUTE!!!
dog heard meows, came to protecc
I absolutely need a catio should I ever own a house. 
Lol what the hell is up with all the commenters asking why you don't just let the cat outside? Too lazy to build anything like this or play with their cats I guess. I mean, dogs and toddlers also WANT to roam outside unsupervised, and no one questions why that's a terrible idea

Awesome catio!
Nice!! My cat is jealous!!
Couldn’t they still get fleas this way?
I have a large dog crate that's not in use that I have considered repurposing as a catio. This kitty looks pretty content to not be able to Chase any critters.
Animals are the best man 
Couldn’t the cat get through the fence? 
the best cat 
I've got the same thing (well, very simplistic version of it). The cats love it. 
How do people keep indoor cats in during Summer when all the Windows and doors are open? People don't put these on every window.
A lotta cats could get out through those wires. Apparently not yours tho.
So cute! Catio goals 😻
I... Am... Also... Here!!!! 
You have a video of how you made it?
/u/vreddit_bot
/u/gifreversingbot

Edit: Damn. That would have been cute seeing the dog going back in. 

Edit 2: lol, the bot messaged me saying it was banned from this sub. But was [still nice enough to give me a link! Not as great as I’d hope. but still cute. ](https://m.imgur.com/gallery/Ux4UwsL) 

Edit 3: I give up. 
Hell yeah! This is something exactly like what I [plan](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/9panzc/a_volunteer_at_our_local_cat_rescue_turned_on_the/e80lq0v/?context=3) to make for my 2 indoor cats this spring and my older indoor and not-so-much-anymore-outdoor cat!


I have been trying to sell this to clients all year, I want to build one so badly!
We built a catwalk that goes from an upstairs window to a tree, and there's an enclosed treehouse for them to climb around inside.
What kind of meow was that? I've never heard that before 
That’s cute as heck
We were just talking about building one for the spring. Our idea was just a doggy door with kitty tunnel attached into a crate outside with the grass popping through the bottom for him. This seems much more practical!
excellente and very good idea
Aww one happy kitty!
We can't do anything quite this nice since we're in an apartment, but we're going to ask about putting up chicken coop wire or something so we can take ours out on the patio, at least. If that's a no then we're going to get one of those pet playpens for her to wander in while we're out there.
Also cat "you farted or is that dog?"
are you sure the holes in that fencing are small enough? ive watched videos of mice fitting through openings the size of their heads and I wouldnt be surprised if cats were the same. 
An indoor cat... what
One of my neighbors had one of those made for their cats. My cat was so jelly.
coolest thing ever!
Now it’s time for a doggio.
Looks like a fun way to torture the dogs.
let ur cat go out or else they will be depressed
Love it, love it, love it! 
That dogs face though! At the end he's like if I could just squeeze a little harder... 
Rip headphone users
The native bird population thanks you for keeping your ruthless murder machine contained.
your cat looks outdoor-compatible lol
CATIO
I want one of these SO badly! My cats would absolutely love it.
You have to build a dogtio now!
I wish this were a longer clip. 
A dogio for the dogs now
We've always just taken our cats out in the yard with us, then back in when we go inside. I'm the type who can herd cats though. Train them young with a leash, show 'em who's boss.
My neighbours have a Catio, he would come out and greet me every day on my way to and from school. If I was staying late to work on something he would freak out. He’s a good cat.
Cat can def get out of it wanted to right?
RemindMe! 365 days
You know dogs like fresh air and nature too... Maybe you should like... 
Why do you keep indoor cats? No hate, just curious.
I watched this way too many times enjoying the scratchy meows
Oh my goodness, look at that happy cute little face. This is goals! How much did it cost to build?
I wish I could do something like this on my patio. I can't just let them out because all three will fuck off into the neighbours yards or the street.
Aww such a happy kitty
Didn't read the title right away. Glad I didn't, because ended up I reading the last line just as the dog poked their head out.
This cat sitting in a green forest with the sun pleasantly resting it’s light upon the surroundings is making me depressed. I hate winter so much.
This is something I want to do for my kitties some day!
I need to do exactly this! Amazing
Hello there Mr. Buttis
Wow.  That could be it's own industry.
u/laney925
Haha, the pup is the best part of this 
But the dog is cat sized, why can't it sit on the catio?
that's speciesist
This is the best. 
everytime we see one of these, my wife brings it to my attention that we need one. so thank you OP, i know what conversation ill be having later 😂😂
Look at their sweet faces sniffing the fresh air!!!! 
We actually did this last summer, since our cats wouldn't stop meowing to get outside.
 A very good idea)
My cats love being outside. I live in an apartment & they love to go outside on our balcony & just lay there. My ginger boy will jump up on the roof & explore, but he always comes back. 
I love catios! My kitties need one bad. 
Don't cage the birds, cage the predators!
Someone PLEASE make an animal text gif out of this
Hee hee what a talker!
This is a great idea 
This made my day ..
We did that too! Put the litter box out there. Works great! And less smell. 
they made something like this for kids living in apartments  didnt they?
That is actually going to be amazing for your cats health this makes me so happy 
I appreciate the fact that the cat didn't immediately swat the dog in the face. Seen too many asshole cat vids, so I was expecting it. 
Just blowing up on reddit and instagram now! So glad you put your last video on reddit, your Instagram posts make my day. 
Typical dog haha: gets to go outside multiple times a day, yet still prefers to disturb the one space and peace the cat has "outside."
“Mom, tell him to get out of my room!”
Jajaja the dog it’s so funny 
This cat is so cute 
I have a cat I'd better can this 😂😂
"Mooooom. Come here. Moooooooooooooom. Dexter's invading my personal space again."
That's a lovely idea - it would be nice to have a fully enclosed, much larger area for indoor cats. My problem is, my 120 lb. German Shepherd (who's like a bull in a china shop) would probably try to barge his way through a window opening like that and ruin everything. I'd have to have a small kitty door leading outside. I love it when people care about their pets this much.
Lovely
If I ever get a cat then I am doing this
Love this idea !!! 
lol that's amazing. 
her meow is adorablllllllle :)
There not jealous if they have a yard they can actually go out in. 
That cat speaks perfect meow.
I think net is better since the flesh can not get through to your cats.
> “Great catio...for me to POOP ON!”
- the dog
great now you have to build a dogio
I don't have mad skills, so I bought a chicken coop for my cats. With a few adjustments...they like it just fine!!
[Hey, what's goin on on this side?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iBTOwxUuG4o)
A catio! That name is as good as this video. 👏👏👏👏
Man, I want to build a catio so but the window he would have to get in and out of opens on the side, not top and bottom. 
Cat-io
What kind of horse is that?
Meeeow
You can close and lock the window still?
Do your indoor cats cry/whine to go out in the yard, or to go out the doors more since you created this catio?
Please make one for the dog!
HAHA I love this!

Maybe a doggie-door for the pupper?

Just a thought! Great work, OP!
But how do you keep the cat from spilling through the holes?!?

/s
The way you did this is perfect! Friend of mine did this but the cats had access to the ground and they dug their way out and lost their cat for a few days.
Clearly you need to build one for the doggo  too
« I’m gonna smell even more air . «  looks like je was sniffing hard LOL 
meep
I'd love too see a r/DIY of this! 
our cats would love this, great idea!
How cute is this!?

❤️🐕🐈❤️
awesome
This is awesome! Cute kitty also :)
We have one of these too :) it’s a little smaller though 
Those dudes lowkey just stoned
That is awesome! 
Hell, I'm jealous. I wish someone made me a fenced in enclosure to enjoy the outdoors without having to interact with actual human beings 
So where did you go for your parts? Did you build the cage walls your self or can you buy them separate ?
This is such a cool idea, definitely saving for the time when I buy my own place 👀
This is such a good idea!
Dogs should be grateful they have true freedom
Dog I think is just happy to be there.
Damn that's gorgeous bro, how much did that cost in materials?
Just gotta build a puppergola next.
That'll up the re-sell value..
If you watch without sound,, that looks like a really vicious cat
Catio is the best word 
Well we can tell who the favorite is! 
I’m jealous.  That’s cool 
poor dog.
Amazing. Thanks for sharing!
The dogs gonna hate

I don’t even really like cats too much but now I want one so I can build it a Catio :’)
I suddenly want to play Minecraft
Is that kitty a purr box? Or is that the sound of something else?
I bet someone could make this a kit and sell them hand over fist.  I've certainly thought about a few options for something like this, and others have done this similar to yours.
That is a great idea. I also love that little guys sweet meow! Super cute.
My cat doesn't understand what a cage is. He would try to jump out and hurt himself :(
Yeos I are kat. Me wan sunn
Good for you!  I built a similar setup for my fur friends
This makes me so happy.  
Oh this made me laugh. The dogs just want in on the fun !
great idea 
The dog is Justa cheesesssssin
Love the little "meow" your cat is making :)
Cat : I'm enjoying life dog : I want join in *pop head*
We have an enclosed patio and our cats still want to go outside. 
Your kitty has the cutest little meow!
Just make really sure it's secure.  I did something similar for my cats at a previous house.  Not long after that, we got a new kitten.  The poor little guy found a way to get out.  He met the neighbor's huge dogs, and...  I still get upset thinking about it, and it was over 25 years ago.
I wanted one of these so badly for my cats! But neither my husband nor myself are handy and the premade ones were too expensive. Maybe next time we have cats (hopefully soon)
When the dog is there it's a petio!
Watched it on mute. Assumed I knew what the meow sounded like. Watched it again with sound. Was pleasantly surprised! 10/10. Very cute meow. 
Are you kitten me right meow?
Hope the cats don't attract bears. They'll rip right thru that cage!!
Awesome.
This is awesome. I always wanted to have something like this for my family cat. Everyone yells at him like clockwork and throws him back in the house without second thought but I’d go crazy too if I was stuck inside my whole life. 
Youre awesome!
From the start of moving in this house and getting our first in over a year after the death of two 18 1/2 year olds, we set up the 3 season room to be their Catio. It’s been great for all of us! There are 3 cats now. It is not heated or air conditioned like the rest of our house but we keep them very comfortable and they can come in whenever they want. We do have a heater out there now because the other morning it was -3 degrees outside. For summer there is a ceiling fan for them. Enjoy your Catio. I know the cat will! And your dog, well he gets taken for walks so he will be fine!
What the fuck thats the most amazing thing I've ever seen
Don’t they crawl through the openings?? 
This is actually pretty fire damn
What kind of dog is that??
I bet you he could slip out of the chicken wire if he really wanted to
I should built a catio lol
Build one for the doggo at once!!!
Fence in your yard and install a doggy door.
What kind of dog is that? 
Don’t forget to give your cat their preventative! Mosquitos can get through that wire!
This is ridiculously cute.
r/all???
I’ve never met a cat who always stays inside, just wondering what the reason for this is? My cat we raised (I think she is half feral, we have a lot of feral cats in Australia), and he always decides to go for a wander but never leaves the yard. He always comes back inside 
Human I see what you have done I shall remember.
u/PeggleTs
just an FYI your cat can get out if it wanted to with that large of wiring. 
Our cat likes to go out, but she also likes to sit in doorways. We have a pointless tiny balcony out the back that i plan to turn into a tiny cat garden for her so in the summer she can go in and out as she pleases. 
Do you have an instructional so I can copy? One of my indoor cats is dying to go outside and roll around. 
Your cat is a darling. Nice job
This post was the most upvoted post across all of Reddit on January 23rd, 2019!

^(I am a bot for /r/toppostoftheday - Please report suggestions/concerns to the mods.)
The dogs like "this is bullshit Karen and you know it"
Great idea.
Could also swipe a bird down easier that way. 
That mew!!! I just wish this looped forever!!
I really really need a catio and can't find anyone near me who can/will make one for me.
dog can share with cat
I love this!! Great idea!
How much did it cost to build?
That’s amazing. And those little mews 😻
At this point I’m pretty sure we are the pets and not  them...
I'm also jealous!
Envy.
Solid business idea 🤯
#Praise be to the newest Champion of Reddit, u/elphaba16!

[Let us not forget the Champions of yore...](https://www.reddit.com/r/ChampionsOfReddit/)
Did you steal from the picture of the baby cages in the 20s? If not, look up the baby cages from the 20s 30s, the same thing as here, except 30-40 stories up, and it’s a baby. 
Catio needs to be in the dictionary. 
This might end up one of the highest upvoted threads in this sub. This is really really cool. 
Pampered little pricks, but they look so cuuute! 😍😍😍
Dog is definitely jealous.
I sense a little species bias here. 
Random question, but do you ever get bugs/ants inside because of the opening?
I LOVE THIS! I have a cat that I had to put her cat tree next to the window because that is pretty much all she does-look out the window. She would enjoy this so much! 
Poor dogs why don't they get to go out as well? 
Thank You for this article a great idea for cat owners, I am a pet owner and I am following your articles from now on.

&#x200B;

Jeff
Can someone DM me instructions on how to build this?
That cat has an adorable mew
Cutest thing ever
Nice try, but Ron is still coming to save the day for Harry 
 If it was my dog, poor cat !
Snip snap, snip snap!Not sure why, but I laughed out loud reading this haha
OMG this is amazing! Can you build me one? :P I can barely breathe in this city hahah.
if y’all are impressed by this catio, you need to do a pinterest search of cat furniture. it is so beautiful.
haha their like brothers
https://imgur.com/a/wS1M6p0/
He wants a lil balcony too
super
Why can't the cat just go outside without being in a cage?
Its so cruel to have indoor only cats
I don't get these. Just let your cat out. 
What is an indoor cat!?
Um... it looks great! But I’m pretty sure the cat can still fit through the fence😶
That’s really nice. I always feel so bad for indoor cats.  They get the safety and security, and longer lifespan, but how boring must it be for a partially wild animal to be stuck in a couple rooms for their entire lives. 

This seems like a much better option for anyone who can manage it. A little outdoor space can go a long way. 
Cats always come back, let him free!
[deleted]
the added doggo kinda makes it a ... poo-orch
Cut the door bigger for the doggo! His little face as he sniffs the air makes me sad :( lol
This is so pure😭
That’s a funny looking cat
dog is like "what goin on o'er hur"
OP are those posts just butted up on top of each other? 

This is a cool idea and a beautiful kitty but the construction looks very questionable on that enclosure.
Seems like a great idea if it wasn't so huge. I'd probably make one for my cats to have just enough room to lounge in. Doesn't seem like it would need to be bigger than maybe 1ft by 3 ft, enough room for them to lay on their sides.
AWESOME IDEA your a true animal lover 
if I ever own a home, id seriously consider a catio for my boy. but we have winter so it would be a seasonal treat.
Very nice 😻 
Reminds me of the pictures from the 40s where people had similar setups to put their babies in.  Outside of the windows in NY high rises.  Glad we've gotten a bit smarter. 
I built a catio so the litter boxes would be outside.  Most difficult thing was making it water tight in rain.  Lots of sealant and flashing on the roof!
Just one question;

The wired cafe itself seems to have fairly wide square holes, and cats are known to be liquid. Has he/she ever tried to squeeze through?

Beautiful design overall though!
My cat's name is Elphaba, /u/elphaba16! 
I feel like he/she could easily escape this.
When my adopted feral cat wants to go outside at night he waits by the door and utters a deep menacing growl. When I pet him and tell him, “no domino, you must stay inside. There are coyotes around”, he locks those big eyes on me and hisses. So I always say, “Ok, it’s your funeral!”

He’s made it three years going out every night. Feral cat survival skills are impressive.
That's kinda cool. My cats are indoor-outdoor, so having s creened in enclosure isn't of much merit for my own need,  but I would like to have a pass-through for them so they have freer transit, if I can ever decide where to put it.
What about fleas tho?
[deleted]
Am I the only one wondering why the cat gets to be outdoors at will with its own little paradise yet the dog gets nothing? #EqualConstructedPlayEnviroments 
Just let them roam free
Why not just let them go outside?
Why do you keep cats inside? Seems very common in America?
Why don’t you just let them outside?
I know it's an unpopular opinion. Really I know it does. 

Seeing these sorts of things really breaks my heart man. Cats are meant to have a bit of freedom and roam outside. It's in their nature. 

You wouldn't get a dog if you couldn't walk it. Hell maybe you would, people do... 

Feels so cruel to me. Catio is better than nothing I guess
[deleted]
cat prison so great
If you just let them out to roam they won’t go anywhere 
It’s strange to me, living in Ireland, not to allow your cats out. I understand you have other wildlife that can kill your cats but it’s just such a different way. 
Why not just let your cat outside?
