With the angle it looks like the toy got happier through the years. 
My dog would have torn that to pieces years ago. 
We had this tiny little kitten and we gave her a stuffed lion. She was so small she could fit between the lion's front paws. She eventually got so big the lion became her baby, and she would carry it around and yowl when she thought nobody was looking. 

She licked it so much she wore holes through it in spots, and my mom sewed pieces of fabric over the holes, and kept that lion going until the kitty finally passed on at about 15. 
He’s gorgeous 🥰
The toy got happier as the dog grew :)
Why are his eyes a different color than when he was a puppy? 
I just showed this to my wife and said “If we see a puppy that looks like that tomorrow, we will officially have three dogs.”
Is that the dragon from Pete's dragon?
"This slowly shrinking plush dragon is my best friend."
I can't get another dog. I can't get another dog. I can't get another dog. I have to tell myself this everyday or I'd get a new dog everyday.
[A quick sketch](https://i.imgur.com/nzuMBn9_d.jpg?maxwidth=640&shape=thumb&fidelity=medium)      
Added a little color.
I'm skeptical. That toy looks like it's in the same condition.
Elliott!!! You're a very good boy!
Kinda stuff that makes you start crying in middle of the bar... Not me, but ya know
Gotta love those Danes 😍
Why did Elliot's owner have him from 4 weeks? 😬
wow, that doggo sure takes good care of his toys! 😊
No banana? 
Aww. Such a handsome great dane. We have a brindle great dane who just turned a year old. 
That toy would not have survived a week with my dog when he was pup. 
[deleted]
Catahoula?
Funny my Great Dane had two “babies” a pig and cow that he kept his entire life. Same color and pretty eyes
Those little cloth dragon wings make this the most laughably impractical puppy toy I believe I have ever seen.
Looks like the dog I just pet for 10 minutes in Red Dead.
His stuffed animal is from the Pete’s dragon remake, and the dragons name is Elliot 
Omg looks just like my dane. Beautiful! Such good dogs. 
"This is my fren he use to be big but now he smol. I love my fren"
big woof
Damn they look like they know secrets about each other.  
Aww who's a good boy?  How old is he now?
LOVE ME SOME GREAT DANE, SWEETEST BABIES.
I see he has turned to the dark side
Love that Elliot has an Elliot!
Little-known fact: alongside fair maidens, dragons also have a soft spot for good boys.
They look happier than 95% of couples in New York.
Top pic: "Shhh, just let it happen."

Bottom pic: "He let it happen" :)
Darling Catahoula boi
The dragon seems to enjoy life more in it’s old age.
So sweet! 
Those eyes..
Adorable toy for an adorable dog
Beautiful dog 
It looks like the dragon is whispering secrets in the puppy's ear. Now it's shook
Love, love, love!
Can’t....handle...the....cuteness 😭😭😭😭
Very precious!
I wish I could have done this with my dog. He destroyed his bear like a week after I got him. Now he only gets stuffed toys for short periods of time so he doesn’t destroy them too quickly. 
 He had the dragon's eyes. So sweet! 
What a good boye!
I cannot like this enough. Our never had treats or toys and we absolutely the change she's made with them. This photo reminds exactly of that!
Did his eyes change color or did he, like, grow into them? Is growing into one’s eyes a thing?
Elliot- I'll be your candle on the water!
Awh he really like his toy
That toy's lucky to be alive that long! 
Beautiful dog
10 day challenge
I love this, thanks for sharing. ❤️
He outgrew him :))
Oh, Elliot. How the turns have tabled!
This made my day 


damn his eyes changed colors
That toy literally looks happier after many years of friendship. 
Aw, such a handsome dog. And one that takes very good care of his toys. When my dog was a puppy, he used to tear everything like crazy as if there was no tomorrow as long as it was a toy and had eyes for some reason, he grew out of it though.
the goodest boy
Oh my gosh our Cavalier has the exact same Pete’s Dragon Toy, he also loves it haha
OMFG i can’t take all this cuteness 😭😍
Beautiful dog
My Dane looks justi like Elliot's! They really are just the best, the most friendly, child like dogs
Dogs are basicly fabulous
What a handsome hound.  
My dog always has a favorite toy she won't ruin and won't allow our other dog to ruin. All toys are now called babies because she babies them all at this point in her life. 
Anyway your dog is beautiful!
What kind of dog is this??
It would appear that one of them was eating his Wheaties.
What a mushface.
From super cute to mighty majestic :) 
Beautiful eyes
So adorable 
The dog's eyes changed to match the ones on the toy. Sorcery to be sure.
Pete’s dragon was my favorite movie as a child!! So much so that I watched it almost every day.. my sisters were actually relieved when our house was robbed and they stole the VCR with that tape inside.
My heart 😭❤️
He looks aged.
I look aged.
Doggo
My best friend got small but he's still my best friend. 
I can’t tell what changed in the pictures. All I see is a good dog with fav toy. 
That is EXTRA cute...
Oh for cute!
His toy is “Elliot” from the movie Pete’s dragon! [Pete’s Dragon Elliot! ](https://www.google.com/search?q=petes+dragon&rlz=1CDGOYI_enUS803US803&hl=en-US&prmd=ivsn&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjX8tqL64rgAhVpslQKHZI5BKQQ_AUIEigB&biw=375&bih=638#imgrc=r3jGYRxnsyXHWM) 
I thought it was a tauntaun from the first picture! 
It's a girl!! Not that dogs care - that was shared with the original post.
Aw so cute! 
Where did you get that dragon plushie?
I love Elliot
They have the same eye color
Elliot's toy shrunk. Try washing in cold water.
Aw his old friend
That’s a magician, THATS THE SAME DOG!
Oh how the tides have turned
Favorite toy and favorite boye. Legit wholesome.
Sweet little boy
His eye color began to match his best buddy’s!!
 Such a cute pup
This the ten year challenge that needs to take off idgaf about all these celebs, give me more dogs
Cutie 😍😍😍
Sometimes I think that dogs don't look at those toys like toys, but as other beings.
My poor dog has had two of his favorite toys shredded by other dogs. He's never been one to play rough with his toys, but when we temporarily fostered a dog in need of a new home, there went the ducky. We got a new puppy last fall, and there went old boy's squirrel toy. :(
That is so ridiculously adorable. 
I love how they have their favorite toys no matter how worn out, stinky and dirty they get. 
What is the meaning behind Elliot's name?
What a darn tootin heckin cute boi 😍😍
He is a handsome dog! 
You took some amazing pictures. I really like this. Great quality!
Elliot’s owner is a dog?
How did it alter its size? 
The toy aged well 
He's a chocolate chip looking dog.  I like him.
I wish my doggie would let a toy survive... Most don't make it past the 5 min mark
That toy looks very proud of his pupper friend in the second shot. 
Suxh a good big boi
Is... that an Elliot with an Elliot (Pete's Dragon dragon) toy?
Owner of a blue Merle great Dane myself (Venus--the dog, not myself) and they're the best creatures on earth. 
it appears he adopted the toys eye color.
Where are people getting these dogs that don't rip everything to pieces in minutes?
4 weeks vs 5 weeks
Dogs grow up too fast :(
Cute o’clock!
Is it just me or does the toy look happier in picture 2.
haha,grow fast !
Nice great dane. Just found out my great dane female that I have had since she was a pup has bone cancer, and there's nothing the vet can do at this point. I'm trying to spend as much time with her as possible in her last days. 
They share eyes now. 
Is that the fucking soup dragon?!
Level 1 crook


Level 35 boss
He’s a handsome boy....
Elliot grew from cute to handsome MOFO
This is one of the sweetest pictures ever... It feels so good knowing that this handsome boy still kept his favourite toy in such good condition till now! And he is such a good poser too :) 
The dragon looks substantially happier in the newer pic
Top photo of the dog really makes said doggy look like a sea lion and that tickles me!
Sometimes I wish I had a favorite toy to lean on in adulthood.
The funniest/creepiest thing is that the dog has taken on the eye color of the toy.


Oh wow, Elliot hasn’t aged a day but the dog sure grew!
#10yearchallenge
I'm honoured you named your doggo after me. I too had a favourite dragon toy as a child. But you spelt his name wrong.
That's not a dog it's  a cuddle monster.
That dragon is way too clean and intact 
Great pupper! Very woof.
Wow, that dog is beautiful with those eyes and fur color. Looks pretty unique. 
Elliot is a gorgeous boy!! That is a great dog! He looks so kind 
That is a beautiful dog
The toy didn't age at all...
I love how some animals have that favorite plush. My schnauzer mix keeps a small plush pumpkin he has had for years.
I swear I see this old man at the dog park every few days, is he in Toowoomba? 
What a beautiful great dane
Woah this is so adorable!
I think the dog acted in Narcos Mexico.
What kind of dog is this? Gorgeous!
Handsome boy !!
Cool how his eyes got lighter 
Aww this is so sweet, I've got a great dane mix and it's amazing how much and how quickly they grow! I got my puppy at 3 months old, weighing about 20lbs and now at 12 months she's 110lbs. It's crazy to me that I use to be able to cradle her in my arms lol we still try don't get me wrong 
❤️😍
From scheming partner to scrappy sidekick ~ the green dragon never anticipated their demotion until it was too late..
 I love dogs  
 

by: fifa55fm.com
Anyone know when it became common for a dog to have a “baby” or favourite toy?
 I can’t think of exactly when but it seems to me it’s only been the last 10 years or so that owners encourage/allow their pets to have stuffed animals or comfort toys.  Once they grew out of the ticking alarm clock in the towel that was it 
Plot twist: Elliot is the dragon and his owner is the dog. Now to figure out how the dog took the pictures 
Are you Elliot’s owner, OP?
Those eyes 
Those beautiful yellow eyes of the dog tho
I just love how the toy looks so smug, like, "that's right this is my big boye:
My dog is also obsessed with her dragon toy..I think it's hilarious and adorable how dogs treat toys the same way kids do.
Serious case of I can't cope
I am amazed that toy made it more than a few weeks or months... 
Beautiful dog!
It’s a miracle that you stayed perfect all these years.. 
How is it still intact? My Boston terriers gone through 5 toys in the past 3 months 
My dogs name is Elliot too! I love dogs with people names. 
best 10 years challenge so far.
Good boi
Not sure why- this made my morning. That’s a good boye....
My dogs favorite toys last about 45 seconds...
Can we get this post to 100k upvotes 

Edit: yay
I’m not crying, you’re crying 
the older puppy looks grand? something about the eyes.
That toy wouldn’t have lasted a week with my lab lol

This dog is so cool looking though 
That's @mygiantadventures on Instagram!
Awwwww
Wow a real dragon hunter
He is majestic
Hey! That’s my Elliott!! Thanks for sharing! And it’s actually a girl ;) 
His eyes changed colors to match his toys’. I’m not crying
Is this a Dane or a Catahoula? 
*She's an excellent follow on Instagram! @mygiantadventures 
What breed of doge is this
that toy is in outstanding shape lol.
That's a *really* cool looking dog! 

You know he's a gentle giant as well, seeing as the toy is still intact lol
Awww he's such a handsome pup!
I wish my dog did this. We had to stop getting him stuffed toys because he will rip a hole in it with an hour.
They always keep their first toy 😍
Nice.a frog and a cat 
Named after the dragon on Pete’s dragon? 
Holy shit he looks just like my old Catahoula. Ima post a pic https://i.imgur.com/2iwDyxp.jpg
Made my day!!!
OHMGHGDJKLBVXZFTGV ❤❤❤
My dog had a toy like this....for about 5 minutes then he ripped its insides out :(
I don’t know why but pictures of dogs like this one always seems to get me emotional. 
But the Dragon didn’t grow
Sweet
These dogs who manage to keep their toys for years is so surprising to me! Mine would have ripped the fluff out of that in about 20 mins 
So cool to see the eyes change color from black to yellow amber
Precious. I’ve never met a dog named Elliot. That’s my son’s name. It’s so sweet that he has kept his favorite toy into adulthood.
That's awesome 
I love Catahoula Leopard Dogs!
I used to have one, named Moose

Is this a Dane or a Catahoula? He looks a lot like my catahoula! Beautiful baby! 
My dog is 4 months old and she eats thru toys within a couple of weeks. I need to get her a dinosaur like that. 
My buddy kills every toy except one blue puppy. He snuggles the same way with it. So adorable
Glad you liked it!
Well she and my Catahoula could be siblings! They are both great breeds. 
What a handsome chap. 
Labahoula!!!
Nothing more wholesome. 
Awwwwwwww!!!!! 🤩🤩🤩
This old boy is never too grown up for toys
Is the name a reference to Pete's Dragon?  That movie was my childhood!
Holy crap the Pete’s dragon remake is already three years old
That pupper is an absolute unit with tiny dragged friend
Talk about a glow up...
How to train your dragon
What a wise old boy
That is one good looking Great Dane. 
Man, that toy got small!!
It’s been replaced 
Not only did that stuffed animal hold up so perfectly well.  The camera in the old shot and the new have the same crystal clear resolution. Thats Amazin.
So his eyes changed color and his ears changed size AND color... interesting. The spot on his head suddenly appeared, too. 

FAKE. 

look at their post history. they post animals they don't own ALL THE TIME. and someone gives them fucking gold. 
That dragon is really coming into their own. I need a Disney movie.
I read that as elite’s owner 
He looks like he's tired of someone's shit 
That's one smug ass dragon
How do you think dogs think of their favorite toy? Does it trigger happiness or make them feel secure? 
We get it, dogs are cute.
I got ly girl an anniversary teddy bear and my mastiff tore it up i didnt have the heart to take it away she legit had a blast beats destroying my couch
My older dog has a stuffed killer whale she sleeps with every night, and literally will not sleep without it. When we travel with her, we have to take it with us.
Whose Elliot? 
4 weeks is pretty early, they must’ve been the breeders or just visited.
The of all dog ever.
Our black lab is the same! We got her at 11 weeks from a rescue and couldnt understand why this monkey of hers was 3 times her size. Shes now twice as big as it at 7 months..
I am the captain now.
I wish my dog’s toys would last this long 
Thought this was shrek at first glance
It somehow survived all those years
looks more cynical.
Funny. Toys don't last more than an hour with my dog..
The curious case of Benjamin Dragon
It's obviously not the same dragon. The one in the top pic is on the right and the one in the bottom pic is on the left.
That’s so adorable!! 

Random question. Does anyone know if animals have similar attachment for soothing/comfort like humans or other reasons? (I feel really dumb asking this) I’m just curious. 

Even the strong toys get ripped to pieces here. They are super attached to their blankets though. 
Honestly the toy looks pretty happy too, well loved 
Oh my god but this dog is gorgeous, and ya my pup gets new toys weekly because she’s a monster. A beautiful monster but she destroys. 
dis iz very handsome and distinguished guud boye
You put that toy in that dogs arms. It did not cuddle it like that on its own accord. 

I know this because I'm an asshole and have done the same. 
Thank you for not taking credit as the dogs owner. I know it must be tempting cuz he’s so darn cute but not enough people give credit to the real dog owners aka the pooper scoopers
Their eye's match now.
These are the kind of posts I surf Reddit for. Wholesome goodness away from politics 
when i was just a little pup

i met a furry friend

his coat was green

his teeth were seen

we played till the nights end 

as I grew up 

he stayed the same

but I don't mind one bit

he always made me feel real safe

now i do the same for him










How is that toy still alive. 
What breed 
Awwwwwwww!!!!! 🤩🤩🤩
Weird that some dogs have favorite toys which they intentionally take care of.
I wish the dog’s name was Jackie Baker.
I haven't seen it in comments, but i appreciate the tribute to pete's dragon here.
i feel like dogs love that color green
Is no one gonna mention that he has a green dragon and his name is Elliot? Like from Pete’s dragon?? 

This pup is super cute :’) 
Isn't Elliot the dragons name in Pete's Dragon? So cute. 
How to train your dragon
Puppers went to the dark side. I know sith eyes when I see em. 
Didn't chew his toy to shreds? What a good boy!
Eiiiiiiiiiiiiiii (ultra swoon), Mr Dog aka Elliot LOVES his cuddly baby Pete's Dragon toy, and it's his bwest fwiend and they do all da tings together n' everyfin! 😍

(...still swooning) 🐶💗
Interesting note: The doge is named Elliott, which is the name of the Dragon from the movie "Pete's Dragon", which the toy resembles...
Dragons are always there for their little boys.
this could make anyone feel old ;-;
He should be a model doggy. So stinken cute. 
The eyes r really unique 😍
Great dane? I have a Loomis dane. They are so particular with their toys.
Plot twist: This isnt doggos favorite toy because it aint in his mouth.  Owner just put toy in dogs arms.
Awww cute! 
I never explicitly realised until I saw this picture how much a dog's eyes change from when they are a puppy. Is there a reason a puppy's eyes at least appear to be all black?
The dog's eyes change into the same colour as the toy's!
Oh my word how truly beautiful you are Elliot..


The change in eye color is amazing. 
Top pic looks like the plush dragon is whispering dark secrets to the pupper.
Dark Lord of The Sith.
That’s a radical dog. 
Das so schweet
I'll bet other toys come and go...
I wonder if the Dog knows the dragon is named Eliot as well?  It's from Pete's Dragon.
I didn’t read the caption at first and I had thought to myself “I hope they named him Elliot”. 
Catahoula?
One of those rare puppers that looks more adorable fully grown
Elliot’s a girl btw
I'm still stuck on the jaguar eye transplant.  The rest of the pooch looks friendly, then I see those eyes and think that any minute I'm going to be killed, dragged up a tree and eaten leisurely at a later date.
Confusing title. How am I supposed to know who Elliot is 
Thats cute 
omg the dragon is smilling in the 2nd pic I'm melting awya
[removed]
Awww
Man his eyes went Orange as.
This is so sweet. I love it!

Must be his favorite toy because he was bought a brand new one
He truly grew into that name!  
This dog is so cute I want to throw up and kill myself!
best photo for me

&#x200B;
His eyes are amazing!
Elliott is adorable in the first pic and Awesome all grown up! What a handsome boy! 
This is full grown? My sister's dog is only 6 months and she seems as big as a horse. Lol

https://i.imgur.com/qZ5BfVT.jpg 
Ah what a gorgeous pup! I want a Great Dane someday so bad!
While most dogs will either tear everything to pieces or not at all, it's not completely uncommon for a dog to choose a favorite toy that serves as a comfort object of sorts and is intentionally left intact, much like a little kid with a teddy bear. Or, at least that's what I've read somewhere in the past....I can't actually confirm the validity to that statement other than that it makes sense, especially when I hear stories like this.
Our blue Meryl great Dane went through toys like candy. Never could keep one long enough. Go Elliot!
 I'm glad he got his beloved toy back.
Clearly that isn’t his favorite toy 
All my dogs know are kong balls.
Ermahgerd.
So cute, but different eyes and ears?? Cookies a cream tho am I right? Adorbs!
Who tf names a dog Elliot
IDK...Looks too perfect. And my dogs toys were generally treated like food or an annoying insect. 
What a CUTIE PATOOTIE 
what kind of dog???
I call bullshit, from what I know about great danes there would be no chance that toy is still intact.

Edit: You guys realize this was meant as a joke, yeah? 
That a Catahoula? 
What a weird title.
I call bullshit, that's either not the favorite toy or not the same toy.
What a cute little BABY
Dog doesnt look like he gives two fucks about the toy in either pic but that dont make a good reddit title.
This is so cute I wish my dog didn't just chew up her stuffies 
Maa ke bina bcha akelapan mhsus karta hai 
Puppy: Americans in 2008. 
Old dog: Americans in 2019.
I guess you took the puppy away from its mom at 4 weeks? Great man..... great....
[deleted]
Pete's Dragon... Not Elliots!
Looks like a mix of Dalmatian and a black lab.

Very unique, I love it.
:O!!!!!! good boy!!!! he’s the best boy!!!!
Prove its his favorite toy.
catahoula leopard dog? 
Is this a catahoula?
Is that a Catahoula?
Elliot is a beautiful boy. Dogs are love all life long! We rescue pit bulls ❤️
Ugly ass dog
