Oh that needs to be framed! Such a great picture 
Her facial expression is ridiculously cute.
One of my earliest memories (I was about three and a half) was is of walking down the hallway in the hospital with my dad, feeling very serious and concerned about the occasion.

I tugged on my Dad's hand and asked him again. "Dad, what's his name again? What if I forget?"

"His name is James, and he'll be happy to meet you even if you forget. But you won't." I nodded even though I still felt worried. It was really important to me to make the best first impression. 

We went into the room where my mom was laying on the bed and holding a little bundle in her arms, and I finally got to meet my little brother. I even remembered his name and everything. 

&#x200B;
I imagine her inner dialogue is something like "shit just got real"
I've got a very similar picture of my four years older sister holding me when I was a day old!

Everytime we go through the pictures, we ask her to explain the expression. Thereve been many variations but this is the best we've heard - "only an elder sibling can understand the frustration of no longer being number 1 priority" 
this reminds me of when I got a step Dad at 16. He had raised two girls and a boy while my mother only had two boys. They were discussing the differences and my step dad summed it up by saying "If you see your daughter wearing wings you have to ask her what she is because if you say she is a fairy and she thinks she is a butterfly she will cry".

This impressed my mother a great deal.

edit a word
27/f. Also my reaction.
Omg. That is priceless. I hope you got video too for later on. 
This will make for a great “20 years later” photo
[Older brother version](http://i.imgur.com/cmGGYgB.gifv)
I'm a 6'3" male and I make that exact face whenever someone shoves their newborn into my chest wanting me to hold it. I don't want or need that sort of pressure in my life. 
You MUST submit this to /r/redditgetsdrawn. 
Uh guys, I need an adult
My exact face any time i check my bank account
Mommy this doll is moving.
your daughter was a lot more gentle to her sister than my sister was to me. I wish my mom had her practice on a doll first.

[https://imgur.com/a/Jq0sTs0](https://imgur.com/a/Jq0sTs0)
The remake of this photo in 16 years is going to be brilliant
went and looked through all your previous submissions. pure cuteness. you have a wonderful family, and now more joy! 
Time to get your daughter a gym membership and some muscle milk. Time to get yokedddddd
Also my reaction when holding a baby.
Pretty sure that is the same face I make when someone has me hold their baby.
/r/photoshopbattles 
Code red: this doll is NOT made of plastic
Just became an uncle for the first time and this little girl demonstrates everything I internalized when I held my newborn niece. 
If I ever have a kid this will be my face when I first hold it. Like "Oh shit what did I just get myself into?"
OMG, that face says "what have I gotten myself into?"
LOL What a great face! That's pics gonna be framed and on the living room wall for the rest of your lives.
I was twenty the first time I held a baby and my reaction was exactly the same.
/r/accidentalrockwell 
My exact reaction as soon as a baby I’m holding cries 
Relatable.
Same reaction I had when I held my baby sister. I'm like oh, shit fuck what if I dropped her? Take her away. TAKE HER AWAY! I didn't hold her again until she was about six months old and I was low-key practicing with her when she's sleeping in her crib and no one was looking. 
“Not at all like those bloody simulations!”
Ever relevant Pidgeon Gazette: https://imgur.com/gallery/wQgiDJJ
my exact reaction when anyone hands me their baby
That's totally my face when someone hands me their baby...and I'm 30. 
[Gift to your daughter](https://i.imgur.com/Fhc7kyD.jpg)
Precious 
r/youseeingthisshit
Why is your name a WW2 russian sniper
This is the same reaction I have when I get my burrito from my fav taqueria. Oof this thing is huge.
How old is big sister?
I never upvote or read about pictures with kids. But this is amazing and hilarious.
That's the face of "don'tdropitdontdropitdontdropit" 
Fun Fact: The average weight of a newborn baby is between  5 pounds, 8 ounces and 8 pounds, 13 ounces . So a good way to prepare a toddler to understand how much it ways before just giving them the baby is to let them practice by holding a gallon milk jug, which weighs about 8 pounds, 10 ounces. Less toddlers dropping new siblings that way.
Ok in 20 years I’m checking back here for a recreation photo! Make it happen!!! Hehehe
How I feel inside every time I hold a baby
I don't get it, where's the cats...?
Nice picture of dog.
Big sis realize she's holding a potty pooper.
"DON'T DROP HER."
“It won’t stop staring at me!”
Good lighting job, Dad.
"Don't drop her don't drop her don't drop her don't drop her!"
My reaction when anyone tries to get me to hold their baby
A lot slimier than she expected, I bet
To be honest, that's the face I make when people hand me a baby. "Oooooh f- if I drop this people are gonna be pissed."
Exactly the face I made when handed my baby cousin for the first time. But she puked on me which was the reason for the face
The face is one thing, then you notice the straining shoulder and the tension in the fingers. What a great photo! 
That's pretty much how I feel near babies haha
Your daughters are beautiful! Congratulations! 
When you realize he has the postmans eyes : FUCK
shes just like oh shit
When you realize that he has the postmans eyes : FUCK
Haha. Oh God this doll is crying, mom help! 
This is pure gold
Me. Everytime someone hands me their baby. 
Hahah her “Oh shit!” face is great 
I love how she’s almost mimicking the face of the pink toy on the shelf! They both look like they’re giving the “What the heck is this?!” look to the baby! 
Wow that is the cutest pic ever 
i like how this is such a random event to take place. like if something as funny as this happens, someone takes a picture on a phone/camera and make it have bad lighting etc. yet you instantly pop out a lighting studio and a Nikon D7500.
This has potential as a meme template 
This is begging for a reenactment  20 years later.
Haha, that is an excellent capture.  Congrats by the way!
wait until its her turn to change a diaper. 
Please have your children recreate this photo when they’re adults. It would be even more hilarious. 
My (then) six year old son got very confused when he was presented with his new born baby brother. “I’m happy, but I want to cry?!” https://imgur.com/gallery/zu3yzYS 
My older sister cried when I was born. She wanted a sister and threatened to toss me in the dumpster. She was 5 at the time. XD
When I was born my parents got my brother a doll since they were afraid to hand me over to him. He decapitated the doll with a door. I love him dearly :)
That's a great photo for a remake in 10 and 20 years from now!
Haha. Lovely photo!!! Definitely keep this one. What a great memory. 
This could be the cover picture for *Humanity: The Album*
This photo is perfect. 


It's like one of those 'Americana' type things... 


I'm sad I have only one upvote to give.
the baby looks so worried, “my god, this kid’s about to drop me y’all!” 
When the realization that you're responsible for a fragile little meat bean sets in.
This is so adorable 😂❤️
the pink stuffed toy is making the same face.
Mfw I get my test back that I thought I aced and fail it 
I’m so very glad to see an adult hand helping out!
That’s absolutely me when someone wants me to hold their baby. 
Also, me, a 26 yo, when someone hands me a baby. 
That's adorable 
"Pleeease don't drop don't drop don't drop don't drop."
Soooo cute!!!! 
Weight of the world in her hands
Her facial expression is so ridiculously cute.
Such a cute picture ❤️
The look of every new parent as reality comes crashing in ☺
Hope you don't mind being memeified
That is too funny! 
Ha! Honestly I never was much of a fan for kid pics in /r/aww but this is just too precious.

Best of luck to you and your family, OP!
That pink elephant thingy seems concerned.
Cute
That's the kind of face a parent would make if the baby about to cry. Such a cute picture!
Beautiful mommie 
[removed]
As someone who became an aunt when I was 4...this touched me :)( FYI: I have been in 2 of my oldest nieces weddings and their children were in mine)This is also how you get to a situation where your husband and your nephew-in-law went to high school together and you are 36 with a teenage great-niece.
blame the victim sure!
They're meant to trust their parents.
My daughter's dolls all have 40 pound lead weights, to which I add another 10 lbs every 6 months. My plan is to rear a supermother capable of carring dozens of children at once, and flinging them at enemies, reigning terror upon whomever I choose, firing high power cannons of ultrarich breast milk. 
What's the deal with her hair
I love this! I'm 8 months along with #2 and I can't wait to introduce my toddler to the new baby. I distinctly remember the day my little sister came home (I was the first born). Siblings are such a blessing. This picture is amazing. A framer for sure!
Essentially my reaction whenever someone asks me to hold their baby.
This could be the next meme format
Nice, she's balding already
She looking at the baby like “what is this thing?”
Greatest new sibling picture ever!
I guess she represents all the first time fathers. 
"Screw this, I'm out. *baby drop*"
This is so precious. 
Congrats to you and your growing family! She’ll be a good big sister!
That's adorable. 
Adorable!
That's just too damn cute.
This is too cute 😂
Not a fan of human babies in general, but that expression is the cutest thing I've seen in 2019 thus far. 
What my wife looks like after I take off my shirt 
She is sacred like me when I was holding my sister for first time. I was really careful to not to drop her and I would have given the same expression
Proper form, good grip - she has the right attitude, just DON'T drop. What a priceless picture.
"Gosh, I better not drop this one!"
I would put this image on everything: t-shirt, mugs, calendars. Absolutely too cute 
This picture is adorable and fantastic! Like National Geographic worthy.
/r/kidsholdingbabies
That was my reaction when first holding my 1 week old newphew. 3 months later he is huge!
My exact face holding my cousin's baby for the first time. I was 23
This belongs on FB. Seriously do you not have real friends?
Pretty adorable.
I know this will get downvoted but what is that haircut lol
You have beautiful babies 
Awww sooo adorable. I’m pretty sure that’ll be my reaction too! 
Cute
Aiyahhhhhhh
She's certainly surprised with all of this.
ohp heavy baby dont think this is gonna work
When you realize play time just got real
Realizing you now have competition for winning Good Boy Points.
Prepare to have your daughter become a meme. 
/r/itookapicture would certainly appreciate this
This is what I look like on the inside holding babies and I’ve had 4 kids of my own. Shit did just get real...lol.
I would love to draw this to try to capture her expression, if you don’t mind! 
Her expression says, "Woah, wasn't expecting *this*!"
This is my reaction every time someone tries to make me hold a baby. For some reason they terrify me. 
This needs to be recreated in 20 Years 
You're daughter looks like she has a grown mans arms in this picture
omg don't drop her!!
A meme waiting to happen. So adorable nonetheless!
My brother fainted when he first saw me.
Me looking at the first question of every exam I took in high school lmao
Does she have a plush blobfish toy on the shelf?
I want to believe my sister looked the same way right before she dropped me on my head.

(She blames me for squirming.)
She has some serious pythons for her age.
What is this facial expression and is it learned or innate? Because I would have the exact same expression. 
That's a proper meme format, folks!
"oh jeez!" 
This is /r/photoshopbattles material.
LOL
Idk maybe it took a shit or something
"I just don't wanna drop it"
Oh boy 
Love it!!! "What have i got myself into" kinda look
A surprise to be sure, but... a welcome one?
This is also how I feel when I hold children.
This is hilarious!
Haha oh my goodness. So cute. I think this deserves to be in a frame.
That's amazing.  Please make sure that they reenact it in 20 years. 
Haha aww they are just too cute. 
This is an excellent photo. It's very pleasing to the eye. I smell a pro. 
"OH SHIT ITS ALIVE"
“Shit this one moves”
this is a phenomenal shot 
Cuteness 100
Can we talk about that hideous pink elephant thing on the shelf? I LOVE IT. Is it buyable?
My reaction when holding any baby
Too cute!! 
I hope that's going to be hung in your house for a very long time
Me when i get a responsibility. 
Pink elephant is seeing shit go down and wants no part of it.
This legit needs to go in a parenting magazine lol
And you said “me too, baby...” Maybe not by the second though. 
Cutest reaction ever. 
Awww lol
She got a taste of parenthood and that was her reaction 😂
Wait till they both grow up and laugh!
I found out I pull this face a lot. It's the "oh shit" face for me. They are so cute, congrats!!!
Someone make a meme, like the Business Baby meme.
This is perfect 
This has definite meme potential
Babies are pinker than I imagine them to be. In movies (mainly animated ones) the babies always have pasty skin and smooth faces. This one is still very cute! Congratulations on your new baby!
I don’t always have intrusive thoughts, but when I do, it’s often when I’m holding someone’s baby.
OP, I am at least forty years older than your daughter and I still make the same face when I hold a baby. 
"Tell me, do you smell colostrum farts?.. You will."
😂 when my little sister was born I would not look at her or my mom at all. Safe to say now we are best friends. Congratulates on the new baby 
When I introduced my newborn to my 2 year old back in 1995, they both cried. 
So cute..... I wonder how my daughter will feel when she will hold her future sibling 
So beautiful.  Make sure to watermark it. 
**KAWAII!**
Oh how precious
That's the best face!

PS Please come back in 18 years or so for the recreation photo.
That's a keeper! :D
Get this professionally printed on nice paper or whatever, frame it, and hang it on your wall until you're old. This is one of those photos that your daughter will look at when she's old and love.
Baby looks like ‘You Better Not Drop Me!’ Looks almost as surprised as the girl looks worried
This looks like it should be a 21st-century Norman Rockwell painting. 
Perfection. 
Haha that was pretty much my reaction when I had my baby
This is amazing. 😂
I remember being 4 years old when my parents let my hold my baby sister and that was pretty much my reaction, a "shit, they're this heavy?" 

She then grew up to resent me for some reason. I don't know what I did. No one understands it. 
My cousin who is a dr said the most surprising thing about the job was how he wasnt nearly prepared for how slippery a new born was. Said he almost dropped it 
All I can think above is how high those shelves look, lol. I'm sure it's a photo perspective thing but it looks like there's no way she can reach it haha
This is the BEST

that’s also the face of every new parent 
That’s my face holding any baby to be honest 
Your family is so cute!! God bless you all 
This warmed my cold heart, thanks op. Absolutely adorable. 
Hahah this is so freaking cute
My wife is pregnant. I'm an only child and never been around kids other than peers. This is how I expect to look.


So CHUCKY was not fake!!!!
My wife is due any day with our second and I am so excited to see how my daughter reacts to her new sister. Thank you for sharing this great reaction! 
This is the best thing I’ve seen today. Thank you!
That was my reaction when they handed me my 7-week premature daughter and were like "You carry her to the NICU."
That might be the birth of a new meme. Pun intended
Hope this gets the 100k upvotes it rightfully deserves. Also someone set up a 10 year reminder for capturing the photo when the kids are older
Haha. Even the pink toy in the overhead shelf is surprised.
Made me smile... Love this! Thanks!!
This is my new favourite photo.
This is a picture you're going to hang onto for years. 

"Hey remember that time when you were young and were shocked at your baby sister's weight after she was born? Good times"

r/youseeingthisshit 
“How do I hold this thing” 
This is amazing! 

I fully expect my 4 year old son to have the same reaction to his baby sister in a few months. 
This is one of the single greatest pictures I have ever seen. She's so adorable, and her reaction reminds me of what I felt when my first child was born. Thank you for sharing! 
Funny caption needed stat.
My niece is this age and is about to have a baby sister. My niece is spoiled and I'm worried that she is going to really like the new kid at first - then end up hating her when she realizes that she's not the main attention grabber anymore.
Priceless
Haha OP you should post this to r/redditgetsdrawn im sure a lot of artists would love this :) cute kids 
Relatable.
This is the cutest thing I have ever seen :)
This is so precious. 
I sure hope that's forever framed and hung on the wall in your home. 
This has been my reaction to all my babies. As in ‘oh crap how am I gonna mom this’
OMG! Priceless! That is just too freaking cute!! 
Congrats on having the cutest kid ever and a fantastic picture for your families memories. 
Grown man here. I refuse to hold anyone's baby unless I'm sat down and there are cushions under my arm, essentially the baby is laid on me. Can't deal with the stress of holding them!!
My aunt's reaction was the opposite, when she held my 5 lb, 36-weeker newborn son: "He's like a doll!"
It looks like she's about to drop her 😂 
Goblin
What a priceless moment!
We need this in r/photoshopbattles 
[this is their cat](https://www.reddit.com/r/StartledCats/comments/akk9vq/omg_what_the_hell_is_that_thing/?st=JRGPFIH5&sh=fb0fdcd9) 
This kid is my sprit animal. I feel and look like this most of the time too 
She's going Inside Out inside her mind and she's smashing the panic button.
Also my husband’s face the first time he held our son!
Babies are so heavy, I like babies as much as the next human being but I am terrified of holding them because they are so fragile. Toddlers I'm great with though as soon as they can hold their own head we're good. 
OP's kids are sooooo cuuuuuute.

My sister will not let my 3yo niece hold my 1.5 yo nephew. He is two thirds her weight. She holds his hand sometimes and reports on his moods when he "is upset."
This is such a perfect picture. Made my day, I can't stop laughing.
This is such an amazing picture. Haha, love it. 
My first word when i held my younger brothet was hebby
Awww that is too absolutely precious I love it you made my day!!
I’m a grown ass man and I make this face when my friends hand me their tiny, extremely fragile seeming babies. Now in reality kids are hard to break but... oh god, no, take it back!
When I was 5 I picked up the house phone that had been ringing. It was a nurse checking up on my mom. She politely chatted with me about my new brother while coaxing me to grab my mom. I told her he was as good as puppy chow...anyway 20 years later and I’ve yet to grind my brother up into dog food, tho there are times I really could.


That expression is the best!
Me every time I hold a baby.
i hope you show this to them when they in their twenties.
Hahaaaa omg love it 
Priceless!
I agree with her look of Amazement. First time I ever held a baby I was shocked at the weight.
Shoot, that's me today and Im a grown woman 😊
This was exactly my reaction when my daughter was born and I holded her for first time and a nurse told me "be careful or you could let drop your baby".
Yeah that's me.

Babies terrify me.
Aww
"Shitshitshitshitshit..."
Reminds me of the first season scene in Skins
Hahaha, I love this so much!
When my mom was pregnant with me, my older sister was so excited about having a baby brother to play with! When I was finally born, my dad introduced me to her and after a few seconds of holding me, my  sister goes; "this is it?" and just handed me back to my dad in disappointment. 
Take this over to r/Redditgetsdrawn  
They would love it.
Adorable. Her expression is so cute.
New toy idea: Real Weight Baby, with weight that increases just like a real baby as you feed it water from a bottle lol
I think you are a cool mom/dad just because of the capital lol in the end. LOL
Read that two times in a row as "baby sitter"..was so confused.
LOL. My daughter had a similar funny face when first meeting her brother. It was very much a "WTF, why I'd this happening? What is this $#&@?" face. It's been over 5 years, and it's still a treasured image. Moreso when proving to my kids that they didn't love each other from day one, and it's okay not to like your sibling when they're obnoxious. 🤣🤣🤣
This is going to be a meme
Priceless!!!! Congratulations on your growing family! 
Pretty much my reaction when I was winging-it on a few of my college exams. 
I work on a kindergarten. Think I was looking exactly like her on my 1st day hahaha
"oh shit don't drop it"
That's too funny. What a great photo. Congrats!
Love it!
r/photoshopbattle this
Priceless!!!!!
This is so rad.  The look is priceless. Congratulations.
Im a full grown man ... I make this face when someone asks me to hold their baby too !
Damn, that's adorable.
Even the baby has a "wtf, don't drop me" face lmao. 
Priceless. Beautiful family. 
Congratulations to you and your partner :)
Life hits you fast and hard!  Very cute.  

Congrats mom and dad.
I make the same face holding babies.
I’m a 40 year old man and the first time I held my nephew 6 years ago I had the same expression as her, just not as cute as her.
Just brilliant 
That is adorable!!!
Her reaction: wow what is this? Its crying?! ;\*\*(
Beautiful mommie 
This is literally priceless
[Don't make me hold your baby](https://youtu.be/eFJCc_2_zmA)
What a fantastic shot!!
Ok, Reddit can shut down for today. We have reached the most adorable picture EVER!
This is utterly adorable! Coming from me that says a lot, since I'm not too fond of children.
Oh my gosh, too funny!
This is one to show at both of their weddings.
I saw that same look on my husband 😂
Aww so cute. Congratulations on your children 
Yup, nope. Too heavy. 
"THIS WASN'T PART OF THE PLAN"
She knows it's not a real doll!
This makes me laugh every time I see it. I have 2 girls too. Good luck!
I’m in my 30’s, and I’m pretty sure that’s still the face I make whenever someone wants me to hold a baby. Funny, no one has asked me to in awhile. 😂 
Pretty sure I made that face with each one.
This is so cute. Her wide eyes.
Precious!!!
That quality is impeccable 
Awesome and adorable picture. Congratulations. 
This is the perfect picture. lol
Great picture!!
This is the best thing I have seen in a long time...precious and hilarious!
Hahaha great picture. Congrats!
*palms sweaty*
I hope she makes a Throwback picture with her first born 😋
That is precious!
Hahaha, this picture is just amazing in so many ways. I really do hope you'll frame this!
Hopefully I dont have to change the diapers. Lol
I normally only like the animal pics on this sub, but this is fantastic!
Omg that face though🤣👍🏻
Priceless! You
Must keep this for her for later on!
Please post this to r/RedditGetsDrawn 
Priceless!

This needs to go to r/photoshopbattles.
This is how I always feel holding a baby
This is just too precious! 
She’s saying fuck my life’s just changed dramatically lol. Beautiful pic 😊🙏
It is not certified what happens .... Haha
AW!!!
and a new meme has born
Hilarious and relatable. 
This is absolutely the cutest and hilarious 
That is the cutest big sister picture I have ever seen. Also consider acting for your older one if she shows interest. She is lovely and incredibly expressive.
Me, looking at the pile of problems I keep ignoring 
Much heavier and also alive and moving
Hit 100 k! 
Best reaction ever! I think I had that same look on my face the first time I held my son. I wasn’t ready lol 
Not sure why, but I think it's the colors and the facial expression makes this seem like a Norman Rockwell painting.
First thought, "you can have the pink fluffy and I the blue."
Priceless reaction. This is such a cool picture
This is my face whenever I hold children too.
That’s how you look little one - ugh
Oh jeese too heavy, ahh.
Precious! 
Your girls are adorable. Congratulations
picture of the year, and we haven't even fiinished january yet..
Everyone has had those moments where we say "Damn, I wish I would've had my camera!" This is one of those rare and elusive moments where u actually not only happen to have a camera out and ready to go but also manage to click the shutter at exactly the right moment...PRICELESS!!!!!
I can't wait for both of them to see with photo when they're older. Definitely a keeper! 💙
How was this picture taken .. wow
Photographer parent? 
Your daughter is so friggin cute
This is such a great picture! I'm happy you were able to capture it 😊
Looks like you just found the first picture in the wedding day slideshow!
Priceless.
Hoping to see this recreated in 30 years :)
Memory picture for her Family ( we hope see her reaction when she see this picture in the futur)
Thats eerily similar to my own expression when there are small children present...
This just made my day.
This is me every time I pick up one of my kids. 
This is art. This needs to be painted. 
The irony of also seeing the birth of a meme. She’s about to become a famous meme if not already, guaranteed. 
r/smoye12 kitti cuteee
Great picture, OP.  Best of good fortune to you and your family.
Oh, this will be a meme
My reaction when I hold my baby for the first time ..

 (I'm 24F)
Roughly my reaction to holding my first nephew, I’d never held a baby before and my expression looked like i was holding a bomb.
Oh how precious!
So cute.
She’s going “Holy Shiiiit, my life is gonna be flipped!”
Needs to be in /r/photoshopbattles
Oh, that's the baby announcement right there! Congrats! 
And then there was me thinking my baby brother was a doll
You caught her in the right moment! Such a precious they are ❤️
In my 20s and this is still my reaction. Babies are ridiculously fragile
Imagine recreating that picture 15 years later
Stay strong young child
Just imagine  the first thing you see in your whole life 
I dont even like kids but this is pretty funny
Ha, I made the second face the first text I held my niece. 

The face of regret
Show this to her on her wedding day.
my exact reaction when anyone hands me their baby
Aww! This really is so adorable
This is nice because you just know your daughters will have this photo for ever. 
Oh this is absolutely priceless! 😊😊
She wants to hold her but is scared at the same time.  Precious memory 
Her expression is priceless and adorable! ♥

&#x200B;
This is so cute, I didn’t know I needed to see this today haha. Beautiful fam OP!
..Please!.. have them recreate this in 10-20 years

Edit: words
"Can you put it back?"
r/accidentalrenaissance 
Wait until her wedding.......pure gold!
Not unlike brand new dad face: "Don't drop her don't drop her don't drop her!!"
This looks like a professional photo. Awesome capture. 
What an awesome picture!!!!!! Love it!
This is adorable. I remember being that small holding my baby sis. It's such an amazing moment to see new life.
That is awesome!
It’s cute but I always question the motives of people who post their kids online for the world to see. 
/r/memeeconomy
Classic. You need to take this photo again every year at the same time for the rest of your lives.
No offense,I find this visual slightly ironic & at the same time beautifull. Ironic because of the past & beautifull for our future
IRL Tina Belcher 
Wonderful!  😂🥰
I want a sibling for my daughter but the process of having was so rough that I would never want to try again.😩
Looking like who baby is dis??
Is that a blobfish doll on the shelf?
Ill be a first time parent in a month or so...pretty sure this will be my reaction to holding my child once we get home for the first time 
One of my favorite pics ever on this sub
Pretty sure most parents make the same face with their firstborn. 
Hahahaha I love this.

Don’t worry kid, if you drop her she’ll bounce.
Awesome pic, a moment she will never forget. {=O)
One of the best photos I've ever seen
I’m sorry but she can be used as a meme template! 
That face is adorable and hilarious. I can't stop laughing.
OMG they won the Internet and they're still so young! 
Looking back through OP’s post history is so heartwarming :)

Seeing the child grow up is just amazing
This looks like a Normal Rockwell painting brought to life. And it's *amazing!*
Oh my goodness, how adorable! Beautiful children and that photo quality is bangin'.
Shoot this is heavy! Don't drop it, dont drop it....m
This is beautiful!!
The totality of parenting expressed in an image.
This is so cute
this is such an adorable photo!
Priceless expression! Just love it.
I love this so much. The look on her face! And the arms rising into the frame! The baby looks pretty chill though.
That is awesome! 
this is so cute :(
Is this on r/photoshopbattles yet? 
This is a great picture!! 
This looks like it would be a stock photo
That's made me smile and expecting same reaction of my wife with her first born
Priceless lol 
Ohhhh it’s for real 😳 ♥️
"Mama pooped this thing out?! Dang, this is heavy!"
This is priceless!! Side note, do you crochet? That elephant on the shelf looks just like one I made a while back!
That is what I did to when I held my kids for the first time!
She look shock
This looks like a good meme opportunity 
She looks like that Asian girl in kids react on YouTube
Hah. Wait till she starts borrowing your clothes without asking.
She's so cute. I know she will be a good sister to her younger sister.
[deleted]
Mama, how did this person get in your stomach!?
He coming outta collage having to face the realities of life like...
This is an amazingly beautiful picture. Treasure this to the end of days. 
my girl had the same exact expression after she'd picked up her crying baby brother from his bassinet. She couldn't hold onto him, and he just sort of slowly slid down her front all the way to the floor. It was a gentle landing, so while I was getting her to as fast as I could, I didn't worry that he'd get hurt, so I didn't yell or run.

&#x200B;

Poor kid! She never tried to hold her brother again. 
That was literally me with my little brother lol
Extremely adorable
OMG - such a big belly laugh. Thanks!!
#Praise be to the newest Champion of Reddit, u/vassili_zaitsev!

[Let us not forget the Champions of yore...](https://www.reddit.com/r/ChampionsOfReddit/)
Your daughter is balding.
That looks like a Rockwell painting.
Pretty sure that was my reaction too when the doctor first handed me my son.
When there's a tarantula spider on your hand
r/memes
testing
 She just saw the first little tooth of a baby and was surprised! 
Haunt? The girl is gorgeous and expressive. I'd love to live with her. My cats would  too. 
Don't ever let her forget this picture. Lol. 
As someone who became an aunt when I was 4...this touched me :)( FYI: I have been in 2 of my oldest nieces weddings and their children were in mine)This is also how you get to a situation where your husband and your nephew-in-law went to high school together and you are 36 with a teenage great-niece.
I mean, you can be an ass socially but still be a good father.  It’s just not clever playing spot the idiot with a kid. Of course they’re gullible, they’re meant to be learning.
/r/accidentalwesanderson
Awesome pic
This is amazing. Can't wait until my lil bro can hold my little little sister.
Adorable.
It’s ok...u shall learn young grasshopper 
so beautiful😭😭😭
Damn... 1 month and it's on the near top of r/aww
No.
This is the best photo I've seen in years. It's so vivid.
Could she be any cuteeeer !
Saaaaaame
LOL...
Comrade is that really you?
she's so cute hihi
My reaction when someone hands me a baby.
nice
Cute pets 😺😺😺
This is the most popular post that isnt locked if it gets archived I want to be here
Here for the archives.
[removed]
Lol, I really hope you keep this photo around for her entire childhood.
Thank you for my first laugh of the day- I felt the same way when I held my first son... I was 29.
I managed to absolutely laugh and let an awww out at the end all while leaving me breathless at this absolutely magnificent captured moment. 
that is too cute! she’ll love this when she’s older. what an expression of surprise, and i can think of so many things that she’s surprised  about with the first baby she holds :-) cute cute lol
Oh my dear ❤️
Recreating this picture in 10 years or so will be great 
Precious!  That will be one to pull out in years to come and smile over!
when you're three years old but you already got that receding hairline
another 220k a year!
this is adorable! Congrats on your new baby girl 😍
Pre-teen pregnancies are really getting out of hand
Your chubby daughters bald spot doesn’t belong on r/aww human babies aren’t cute gtfo 
Me before I devour a burrito
This is TOTALLY not a stock photo
This is pulitzer quality, dead serious. I'd like to call this an iconic photo
hh this is so funny 

i am wondering what made her do this reaction what did she saw or what the baby did ?
[removed]
Why is your daughter balding at 2
Omg this is everything!
"Thanks for watching the baby sweetie! Mommy and daddy are going drinking, we'll be back by tomorrow, no loud parties while we're gone!"

Edit: Why so serious, reddit? 
Man your daughter has a fucked up hairline lol 
Mothers are so young these days!
Omg. That’s sooo cute!! 
Hahaha oh my gosh that’s so cute.
Best family photo ever
Aww that's cute
I love this picture! So cute!
That is hilariously adorable
Cute expression ☺️
not unlike my face when I first held my daughter... scary stuff! 
