My daughter hated having her arms swaddled. She would pull her hands to her face whenever we would start swaddling her. We eventually stopped trying and now (at six months) she sleeps with her hands behind her head. She always looks like she fell asleep looking up at clouds.
"Ah! After 10,000 years I'm free! It's time to conquer earth!"
I love the face of anticipation 
\o/
Swaddling never worked on my oldest son.  He was a little Harry Houdini and would escape every time. This talent even continued past swaddling agree. One time, in daycare, he fell in the bathroom and needed stitches on his chin. To keep him still, they have him the kiddie equivalent of Valium. Then they wrapped him in what basically amounted to a straightjacket. It might seem cruel, but any movement on his part could ruin the stitches and hurt him more so he needed to be absolutely still. My son got this smile on his face and slowly some fingers appeared out of the straightjacket. Then a hand. Then another set of fingers. Then his second hand. Even hopped up on kiddie drugs, he was still an escape artist.
omg that face...what a gorgeous baby
So cute! This was my favorite thing my daughter did. My husband worked from home so when I went back to work he used to send me videos of that in the morning to brighten my day. 
Me taking my bra off after a long day
Oh look. It's spring loaded 
For thousands of years I lay dormant, WHO HAS DISTURBED MY SLUM- Oh it's you.
Finally, I’m relevant
😍😍 Those eyes!
ahhhh, this is the cutest thing of my day!!!
Hey. So uh, that’s my son. My actual baby boy. This is weird (and also cool?) and I don’t know what to do with my hands. Also - you can follow him on IG at kpthebaby. You know, if that’s your thing. 
Can someone explain what a ‘swaddle’ is and why it’s used? As someone who’s never had kids this is baffling me. 
The full video, with sound, is way better. The dad plays songs that match her movements. (YMCA, All the Single Ladies etc) 
This lil guy is around 2 or 3 now and he has an Instagram: @kpthebaby
This just made me aw at a baby for the first time ever.
I feel like this may be similar to the thing where you push your arms against the door and then they float upward like Frankenstein

Like the baby is pushing their arms the whole time while swaddled and it could have the same effect 
I can feel that morning stretch face from here. Those are the best stretches. 
I'm a dude and yet I think my ovaries exploded.
As the owner of a 11 month old; I love him to bits but am extremely disappointed my model does not have this feature. 
Adorable.  When my son was that age and we wrapped him up we called him the Love Burrito. :)
I bet it was the saddest day when the baby stopped doing that.
This post is a horrible form of birth control.

Kid is stinkin' adorable.
At one point the baby was literally this emoji: 🥴
She started smiling as soon as the first side is taken off, then the smile gets huge when the arms pop out lol
My daughter wanted to be swaddled so tightly we used 2 kinds. As soon as she could self-propel, she wanted zero hindrance, and is always the kid who runs away!
I'm so confused by swaddling.
Me when I take my bra off at the end of the day.
Is this a natural reflex for babies?
This is how freeza felt like
Sweet freedom! Love it. 
touchdown!!
The 4th one?  Definite pooping face right there.
"I can finally stretch and comfortably crap my pants!"
my claustrophobia gets triggered when i see a swaddled baby
I watched this clip about 7 times before I realized that it's a GiF
That is the cutest burrito I have ever seen!
Videos like this are HORRIBLE for my desire for kids that's butting heads with the reality that I can't afford even one. This is too damn adorable from beginning to end! 
It’s so cute how he gets more and more smiley as he gets closer to freedom
This is probably one of the cutest kids ever.
How fucking cute is this shit!? Is there some sort of metric for this sort of cuteness? 
What an adorable burrito.
BB b freefree
[He synced it to music!](https://youtu.be/yarZRgMWVmo) 
Praise the sun
Heh, my eldest son will never be wrapped like that. His hands resists all attempts to be tied up and were usually kept above the head, so we just give him long sleeves and call it a day
This actually due to the baby trying to move three arms up the entire time swaddled causing them to just swing u when finally free you can try this as an adult as well.  Stand in a doorway and try to lift your arms as hard as you can for a minute then walk forward and you should see your arma raise even though you are not raising them.
Who else loved getting wrapped in your blanket like a burrito?
My mom taught me how to swaddle my daughter. 

As a peds/NICU Nurse I’m now known as a swaddle master. 

Most of the nurses are young and have no kids, but some just don’t understand how to do it. 

There’s definitely an art to it and some babies aren’t going to be swaddled no matter how hard you try. 

They’re little Houdini’s, they get out every time. 
My heart is pretty icy and this just melted it a little. So cute. 
I can never tell if a baby is Asian or not. 
I think I watched this loop 30 times. What a beautiful baby!!
what a little angel!  so adorably cute!

Its better with music!

[https://youtu.be/yarZRgMWVmo](https://youtu.be/yarZRgMWVmo)
I about broke my face smiling so hard! I'm a 70+ guy and I can remember our four little ones at that age like it was yesterday! So darn sweet. Thanks for sharing. This little one is about a 25 on a 1-10 scale.
Awww!!!
My partner and I fostered a baby boy for the first 3 months of his life and he did this every morning. Thanks for posting this it made me really happy :)
I love this!
свобода!
Man that baby is cute as hell man! Congrats in having such a cute kid.
Aaaaand a noicccce stretchhhhhh
It's like a switchblade of cuteness.
So adorable. What kind of swaddle is that?
Definitely cute. 

Maybe it’s time to start swaddling under-arm instead of over. Our daughter had the same reaction to full-body swaddling so we did the under-arm swaddle coupled with long sleeve shirts and attached fleece mittens. Just something to consider. 
What an expressive baby.
That is awesome!! My son loved being swaddled. My daughter would fight it like Bain in a straight jacket. 
/u/rnegan
You don't know how much this made me smile
Okay crazy idea, has anyone here tried pressing your arms against something (like in a doorway and try to make a T-pose) for like 30 seconds and then just relaxed your arms. If you have, you probably freaked out when your arms started raising themselves (actually try this if you haven't). So what if the baby is just pressing their arms against the blanket and when it's released their arms just fly up naturally. 
That’s how I feel when I take off my bra at the end of the day
This damn baby ever gonna grow up? She’s been the same size for so long now
FOR TEN THOUSAND YEARS I LAY DORMANT! WHO DARES DISTURB MY- oh hey
Ok....this decides it.... "Honey....."
I'm starting love kids watching this... 
Manseh 
I'm suspicious of any baby with alot of hair.  It's a Boss Baby situation. 
I wonder if this is a result of that effect that makes your arms float up if you apply pressure outward for long enough, like pressing against both sides of a door frame with your arms down and back of hands against the frames.
My newborn hates swaddling..lol it's like she's saying,"I'm out already bitch gimme some room!" I love it!
[with sound ](https://youtu.be/yarZRgMWVmo) 
Heaven helps the man who fights his fear.  Love's the only thing that keeps me here.
I love the look of realization after the first side gets opened up - like, “oh, it’s happening!”
I hate babies but I love this one 
Future NFL referee
praise the sun! 
As a grown man I still like to wrap myself up as tight as possible in my blanket at night before going to sleep. I don’t what it is but it just makes me feel super comfortable and warm and assists me falling asleep faster, I do however loosen it up before eventually turning on my side and falling asleep. 
My son did this in the morning after being swaddled all night. We called it the "Superbaby stretch" since he'd usually clench his fists like a flying Superman.
Gets better every time it loops
ppl need to stop posting cute shit of babies or ill have one 
Awww love it 💘 my daughter used to do the exact same thing, she is now 21 yrs old 
What’s the point of this wrap?
Can someone explain this to me? I've never had kids why is this baby a burrito
Such a cute baby! 
Moro reflex
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moro_reflex

Praise the sun!

Haha, adorable baby. Her face of anticipation says everything that is to be said. 
A human? Disgusting. Reported.
We don't have swaddling in the UK

In my day the women just used to crochet mittens so the baby didn't scratch itself

Don't know if they still do
So cute!   When we had our 2nd child they said they don't teach to swaddle anymore as it it out dated.  Just to cover with blanket laying on back.  
Holy wow this baby is cute, and I normally don’t think babies are all that cute so congrats 
My wife and I have integrated this into our morning routine. We don’t have a baby but if one of us is reluctant to get out of bed, one of us goes, “un-swaddle me!” And the other takes two passes to rip off the blankets and then you gotta put you arms up and go, “waaaa!” And you feel awake. 
How cute can this baby get!? Adorable!!!!
Cute baby 
https://i.imgur.com/RTtJGwi.gif

So cute!
So adorable! 💕
Am I evil for really wanting to see this gif in reverse?

Edit: Relax with the messages guys, I just wanted to see an adorable baby get wrapped up all comfy, not torture infants for crissakes!
So precious!
Gorgeous child! 
Happy happy 
It took me about a minute to realize this was a loop not a compilation.... 




EDIT: FUCK... its is a looped compilation, I'm going to bed.
I actually don’t know the reasoning behind swaddling babies. Is it comforting for them? Or does it just stop them from flailing around?
His smile when he knows freedom is seconds away... 
Look at that smile. Definitely pooped today.
Omg my ovaries. 
Ok, this is one of the cutest things I’ve seen on this sub. That baby is adorable. 
Everybody thinks their own kid is cute. 

But this kid... you’d have to be blind to think he’s not cuter than your kid.
[removed]
Such a cutie pie!!!
What an adorable child 😍😍😍
Cutess overload!!
Ah I miss this.

My son did the exact same thing.  He would also Houdini his way out a lot too.


This makes me think of difficulty levels of parenting.  I figured caring for an infant would be the hardest part.


But they just eat, sleep, and cant move.  


At almost a year old my day scouring the floor for things he might put in his mouth.  
Then proceeding to chase him when he finds illusive pieces of lint, plastic, wood, dirt 

WHERE THE FUCK DOES THIS EVEN COME FROM  

We keep our place pretty clean so I dont understand
[deleted]
Baby Keanu Reeves
Goal!!
Charging up while in cocoon mode then when released is UNSTOPPABLE 
this does not help my baby fever
My son hated being swaddled. Even to this day I’ll still wake him up to see he’s managed to wiggle an arm out the neck of his pajamas.
Old but cute!
My daughter used to do this when she was that tiny and now I'm not crying you're crying. 
This is one of my favourite videos, the arms, the happy lil face! So cute!
FOR THOUSANDS OF YEARS I LAY DORMANT... WHO DARES DISTURB MY SLUMBER??????
Oh my dear Lord, that child is just adorable. That smile!!!! 
u/stabbot
The last one is the best. Babies eyes give it away like it's a fun game, this is pretty awesome.
HYPERS 
Sooooo cute...
https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/pandiculation
Yeaaaa 
Ah. The barrel man technique
This is a level of cuteness that I don't know how to deal with. 
Claustrophobia
A repost to be sure, but a welcome one. 
了➡️子
It's like when you push against the sides of a doorway and your arms lift up when you walk away 
I can't tell how long this actually goes for.. I start trying to pay attention to when it restarts and then get distracted by how cute his reactions are... 10 minutes later and I'm still watching.

... 10 minutes well spent
Why would you ruin a perfectly good taco?
nowhere as free as this baby: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T7ihdsjIqhI
Anyone else in the mood for a burrito?
This is why I want kids
Go back in
[deleted]
I've seen this before on YouTube but even now my ❤ melts 
That is an extraordinary cute bebeh
Totally awesome baby 100/10 
We have just witnessed the birth of a fetish 
Nice....
Thank goodness I’ve already had my tubes done....or there would be another one of these on the way. 
Good morning stretches are part of the subliminal from now on. 
"How big is baby?"

"So big!"
This is PRECIOUS!!!!  I love this baby!
R/bettereveryloop
In hope that the world will see this and realize where we came from.
Too cute 🥰 
That was beautiful
Lil BB
10 bucks says the baby wanted to immediately be swaddled again.

Only have my niece as a point of reference, but still, babies love that shit

Hell, *I* love that shit.

Don’t mind me, just a grown-ass man over here, Reditting in my Snuggie.
My baby always did this exact thing. Made me wonder although they love the swaddle if they weren’t secretly going mad. 
This is old. And, It’s better with sound.
Moral of the story: this baby doesn’t like to be swaddled. 
Aww man, you missed the best part of this clip! Each day the dad sings a different song and unwraps the baby on a like "everybody's hands go up!" or "hooray!"
I keep seeing Dave Chappell leaving work in Half Baked.

"FREE!"
Yeah, I think I’m going to go into a coma due to the sweetness. If you need me I’ll be in the hospital. 
Absolutely precious
The original has music synced to it and is 1000 times better

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yarZRgMWVmo&app=desktop
Literally the cutest baby I’ve ever seen... and I’ve had three children. 
Aaaah! After 10,000 years I’m free! It’s time to conquer Earth!
I didn’t realize this was on repeat. So cute. 
Pudding! 
Strechhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Cuteness overload 
:) success
I could watch this forever 
You're killing me with cute! 
Def the cutest thing I've seen all day. Thx for the smile@ 😃
😘😘😘
That stretch looks so satisfying.
HAIL HYDRA
wow what a cute baby
💗💗💗
I will like this every time it’s posted 
So why is that baby wrapped like a burrito?
That was wonderfully cute. 
Praise the sun!





I looked forever and couldn't believe no one said this.
What a perfect little cutie ! 
I loved when my nephew would do this same thing every time he was unwravelled lol
🎵 All I do is win 🎵
That face on the last one like “yeah, we both know what’s comin”

Those eyes!
Our daughter did this too! We called them her spring-loaded arms. ❤️❤️❤️
Thanks for the baby fever 
When you take off tight pants 😂
I could watch this forever...💚
Can’t stop watching this
r/mademesmile
Seeing these kinds of pictures/videos is always bittersweet for me. 
I’ll never get to experience this age again. How small they are and those little smiles. Just reminds you how they grow so fast.      
I’ll also never buy another diaper or container of formula, and I sleep 8 hours every night uninterrupted.   

berry cute 9/10
The most adorable thing I've ever seen!
lol
Who else watched this 15 times? Too cute
Dibs on babysitting this adorable child
This Baby is in the Balor Club. 
Awwwwwww
30 years later this is my reaction to getting out of a car. 
r/MadeMeSmile
PRAISE THE SUN!!!
It e x i t s
What a cutie ❤️
Why do you keep tying your kid up??
I appreciate the obvious loop, otherwise I would have continued to watch this for an hour before realizing it’s looped, then watched it more to try to find the loop
So adorable.


I can't wait for when I have my own one day 😊 
That is a sweet baby. 
🎶I throw my hands up in the air sometimes 

Saying "Ayo! ~~Gotta let go!~~ Imma Lego"🎶
See alotta comments calling this swaddling I guess? What is that tho I'm assuming Google may find me a answer quite quickly for me
I always love the innocence and absolute cuteness... this lil human got me real good... my son turns 4 on February 3rd and this is the cutest child I’ve seen since I’ve first seen my son. 🤗😯
I wanna kiss this baby all over, so cute!
THE WORLD SHALL NOW FEEL MY ADORABLE WRATH!!! 
O’doyle rules! 
Never underestimate yourself
"FORCES OF DARKNESS ARISE"
Aww so adorable 
Dude my baby does this every morning too it's adorable
She really enjoys being swaddled but the AM stretchies look so satisfying
Super cute thx for sharing 💚
This reminds me of that thing where you'd stand in a doorway, and press your arms as hard as you can against the sides of the door frame, and then after a certain amount of time, you'd let your arms go limp, and they'd "naturally rise", from the temporary muscle memory.

That baby is adorable.
"YEAHHHHHHHH!"
Your baby is spring loaded.
One of my favourite videos!
@miccorriv
Ok, but now I want a baby
My babies did this too. 
Praise the sun \[T]/
r/gifsthatkeepongiving
the swaddles is no match for a baby who doesn’t want to sleep.  the velcro sound still haunts me.
Even better with sound!

[https://youtu.be/yarZRgMWVmo](https://youtu.be/yarZRgMWVmo)
I used to swaddle my kids so good they couldn't escape for anything. They loved it.
This is a lil baby rockstar 🍼 🤘
Better with the music.
Your fart that's been stewing under the sheets while you nap. 
"Dobby is free!"
It bought back memories of my daughter doing this. 
Wow that's 
Waking up from a map like
I love those cute little arms and that smile. ☺️
OMG so cute😍..... my newborn daughter loves her swaddle 
The version with audio is much much funnier FYI. 
Damnit now I want another baby. 
Swaddling isn't natural 
I'm free!!! I'm free! 

... Dang it.
Our little lady insisted on having her hands on her cheeks while she was swaddled. She always looked like she was deep in thought while she slept
/r/bettereveryloop
Superglue small baskets to the backside of their hands and put some ball bearings in for an easy-to-make catapult.
D'aww! :3
r/BetterEveryLoop
"Touchdown!"
Omg I should have filmed my daughter doing the same thing...she only slept when she was all swaddled up...which I can’t understand but when she was set loose 

HoooorA!
Steve Holt! 
What a cutie❤️
Omg, hello ovaries! 
Oh my god
'm busy ( siiiiiii )
Time to unsub
Omg so cute xoxoxox
So cute
This put a stupid smile on my face. So adorable!
Free from 
And every time I step up in the building
Everybody hands go up...

And they stay there!
Little eyebrow, baby is pleased on second unwrap 😊
My kid does the exact same thing 
Ok I just died of cuteness. Please tell my cats that I’m sorry. The will is located in a notebook under the couch. 
He is obviously praising the sun   \[*]/
Awh so cute
These little humans are quite interesting.. Hmmm.. 
Cute little monkey. Cant wait to have a baby girl
So much personality!
The little smile gets me every time, what a cutie pie!
Baby burrito - and seriously adorable ❤️
Mine does this. It's the best.
That looks like the best stretch
She sticks the landing! Earning a 10 from the Romanian judge.
My niece would wiggle her hands out of her swaddle. She’s a wild one lol
Baby burritos!!!
I bet she levels Dex.
Potato face
u/ManWithTheHands 
Cutest. Thing.. Ever!
I was really hoping they'd roll the baby out like a Fruit by the Foot.
Oh my goodness this made me smile. AND THAT HAIR! Congratulations honey
I feel FREEEEEEEEEE
Makes swaddling seem really cruel...
Spring loaded baby.
it was warmer inside .
Yup, had 3 boys all went hands straight up in a mega stretch. The funniest part to me is how they couldn't scratch the top of their heads if their lives depended on it with those tiny little arms 
THIS is the right way to usw swaddle.  Release then when they wake up
TA-DAH! 
That's honestly one of the most adorable things I've seen on Reddit
When the acid kicks in
How I feel when I rip the tucked in sheets off. 
Why this baby end up looking like Mr. Belding?? 
Aww his little stretches
So cute! But also so funny how little kids arms are so disproportionately short, compared to an adult. When I lift my arms over my head, my elbows are nearly where her hands are. 
Weird how two simple folds can keep their arms contained.
I’m in love❤️❤️❤️❤️
I thought they were gonna spin the baby like a beyblade then.. :(
Honestly, how good does that stretch gotta feel though? I’m kinda jealous. 
Same with my daughter. She'd get all squirmy and start kicking her feet when we tried to swaddle her. 
When I unswaddle my son he keeps his arms stuck to his sides. I have to tickle him first before he realises he’s free 
You, kind stranger, have made my night a million times better. What an adorable baby! 
lolz
Lol, cute kid!
I don't remember swaddling, attempting to swaddle or being aware of swaddling with my 2. 
The cutest!!
i would hate this, feels like you have no control / trapped 
"Look at my wings!!!"
He looks like shiphtur lmao.
I'm not gonna scroll Reddit any further. I'm gonna go to sleep after this post. Thanks. Sweet dreams 
Better with music
Wow the baby is so quite .and he looks sweet.i pray for him

r/bettereveryloop
Put a blue tribal paint and scream, FREEDOM!
The [original](https://youtu.be/yarZRgMWVmo) with music is even better. 
My kids did this exact same thing just about every time we unwrapped the swaddle.
Anyone know the name of this swaddle?
The fact that she does this multiple times just makes it ten times cuter
That’s that good morning stretch 
I did this to my son when he slept, I called it the burrito lol. 
So. Damn. Adorable. 
But...how does a white Halo stay so clean????
Poor kid
Why do they swaddle?
Who actually stretched? 
This video also has the dj khalid song "all I do is win" in it. The song matches perfect so every time he says "up" the babies hands go up! (And they stay there) 
Almost like the baby was spring loaded. 
I never even tried swaddling. Mine was a free spirit right from the womb. He flings the blankets off every night and has since he could manage to do it. 
As a claustrophobic adult, swaddling would be like torture.
I remember the first time this was posted, people were giving the OC (not OP) shit for baby swaddling.
It took me three viewings to realize this was different times and not a really short gif.
I keep trying to scroll away only to return right when the arms go up. 
I could watch this over and over 

You fool! You have doomed us all!
We originally evolved without pillows? 
Aaaaaand my wife wants another baby.
eraserhead is a lot different than i remembered 
Don't play with me momy and dad ...I m not a toy
Oh my goodness that is one cute baby! Such a happy face once she is free! Thanks to OP for making me smile!
Touchdown!! 
I still make that face when I wake up
I freakin love this baby every time I see this gif. So cute. 
That's the same face I make when I'm stretching. 
**For 1000 years I lay dormant! Who has disturbed my slumber?!?!”**
I want to hug that baby,  so cute
Was hoping to see this go until his/her 21st birthday 🎁 
This is the first aww video that I audibly aww'd at
I love this baby. 
Cheating... I had to swaddle my kids with a blanket. 
I love this so much 
Stop posting shit like this I don’t want babies. I don’t want babies. I don’t wa-

Fuck I want babies
What’s the purpose of this
I don’t need one. I don’t need one. I don’t need one. 
WE'RE MAKIN' BURRITO BABIES TOONIGHT!
I could watch this forever ! And now I want a baby! 
This makes me so excited for my son to be born
Amazing!!!!

That’s how we all feel of last work day before vacations
This is what we call a “baby burrito”.
Cutler drops back, he’s got a man open. TOUCHDOWN! TOUCHDOWN BEARS!
Healthy babies sleep with their hands in the air - my grandma
Adorable! 😍
Fuck that's adorable
mister miracle 
This is one of the cutest fucking babies I have ever seen in my life. Good lord I can't get over it.
Fun fact related to this: stand perpendicular to a wall with your upper arm in contact with the wall. Attempt to lift said arm (push your arm into wall) for about a minute. Step away and your arm will rise up by itself. 
What a little flailing cutie!
my heart melted
I loved making baby burritos with my kids.
Wish I could have a kid... too bad money 
Is that a baby?
The video is reversed. 
Been stuck in the womb so long, you just got to stretch. And although being wrapped up mimics someone holding the baby. Just got to get out and get that strrrretch
Aaaaand I have diabetes
Kids gonna play some great defense when he discovers basketball.
What an absolute sweetheart.  I wanna pick her up and carry her home in my pocket.
This little one is perfection! What a doll.
This is without doubt the *cutest* baby I’ve ever seen!
Got nothing but endless SQUEEEE for this babby. 
This makes me so happy to be pregnant 
Much better with sound
Omg, what a cutie pie!
The right eyebrow raise is the cutest.... it’s like she can’t wait to fling any body part up with the excitement of the morning, and the eyebrow was “free” and had to fly
I love sorting by controversial.

On one hand, half the comments are “OMG such a cute baby!! 😍😍🥰”

And the rest are “Ew babies are disgusting”.
My daughter does this. It’s so adorable 
When my nephew was this young, he used to do this too. My sister and brother in law laughed every time. It was cute 
Nothing beats that first stretch in the morning.
I don’t think I can handle this cuteness
He always got ready on the first unwrap. Good boy. 
So cute!! 
My uterus just popped out of its socket 
adorable
heaven helps the man who finds his way...
So fucking cute it makes me wanna cry
Why did you wrap the baby into a tortilla?
Maybe not a great idea to be posting gifs of somebody else's child?
We gave up with outer son as he refused to be swaddled. First time he gave us the WTF face and the 2nd time he thrashed around so much I was scared he was going to hurt himself being so little. 
Loved to sleep with his arms up in the air 
That's the cutest thing I've seen in a long time
🥺🤗♥️♥️♥️
It's called swaddling. It is meant to comfort the child. It is kind of old timey and not done much anymore
Am I the only I've to appreciate the matching outfit to swaddling material?
Wooosh
I love it. 
Why is this making me broody? Is it just me?
I'm debating with my wife if it's a boy or a girl.
Does anyone know where to find this with sound? I remember seeing this with sound and it was even more cute
This page is turning into 9GAG

Precious!
This baby is adorable!
My lil guy does this too! That swaddle-free stretch is soooo good! 
This is the cutest baby. 13/10
My son did exactlt the same haha
Seeing this, I don’t know how anyone can hurt a child. You must really hate yourself and humanity to hurt such an innocent loving thing.
What is the purpose of the swaddling? I'm not well-informed on the matter.
Makes me claustrophobic to watch this
 It’s a baby burrito!
You guys ever watch "Eraserhead?" I think there's something wrong with me now. 
Freer than Tim Cook after he left Apple to become a dancer for Limp Bizkit.
I used to leave one little arm out when swaddling my daughter she liked to gently scratch the sheet ?? Cute weird = cuweird ? 
What a cutie!!
Anyone who thinks men can’t be baby crazy should’ve heard the squeals I just made.
Ive watched this so many times already. I cant get over that cute little face!
My heart. cutest thing ever 
\o/ 
So I've been wondering about swaddling. Why do you guys over in the US do it? It's not a thing over here in Northern Europe at all. Maybe it's just me but I feel like babies will be happier if they can move their limbs as they please.
This took me back to my kids when they were babies. I carefully learn how to wrap...or at that time, make a baby burrito. Gorgeous kid and such a natural reaction. Made my day!
I love burritos
Awwwwwww I miss that tiny baby phase! 
The baby I nanny hates it! She must have her little fist on her cheek like she is thinking about everything, in order to sleep!! Those little hand socks ARE super cute though, so it evens out. 
That is adorable. My son must have slept with his arms above his head in utero. That’s how he would have them all the time as a baby. Still he will sleep with his arms up a lot. He’s 8 now. 
I'm free to do what I want any old time  
I said I'm free to do what I want any old time

I say love me, hold me  
Love me, hold me
omg the face she made the 4th time was too fucking cute
Cutest baby ever 
Eraserhead.
Aw my cousin, gives us all Such hope ❤️
Soooooo cute!!! Ahhh! I need more babies 
That’s a fuckin’ happy baby right there.
Fucking adorable
MY OVARIES ARE EXPLODING!! 
This baby seems a little too old to be swaddled. 
Never got this with my daughter, no matter how snugly I swaddled her, the next morning she had somehow got her arms out, every single time
I'm normally not a fan of kids on this sub but that was pretty God damn adorable. 
She should value herself more.
That baby is a bit old to be swaddled up like that. Doesn't look like a new born. 
I felt the need to stretch too.
I love how patient she looks right before the Great Stretch. 
I love how the eyebrows go up after they unwrap the first layer. They know what comes next and they grin slowly starts. So stinking adorable! 
Amazing
10 thouuuuuuuuuuusand years will give you such a crick in the neck!!!
Baby Tadadshi?
You revived my hope in Internet
Why do you swaddle kids?
You can almost feel the stretch - looks sooooo good!
Is this baby Vietnamese? The eyes and nose look like it. It's very cute. 
Wow that’s a cute baby 
Thanks, i love it
This is adorable
My favorite repost!
I'll take a baby burrito to go, please.
r/bettereveryloop
He is ridiculously adorable, his eyes smile awww
I wish I could get out of my bed burrito with the same amount of glee and vigor. 
Swede here. I have never seen this practice here in Sweden. Why do you do it? 
Spring loaded
Me, after exams...
[removed]
So cute!
Stand in a doorway and push your arms outward into the frame with the backs of your hands.  Hold for about 30 seconds.  Back out and you'll do the same thing as this little one. :D 
Are you fucking kidding me, this was a post like a year ago on reddit or twitter or something and now this guy reposts and gets over 100k upvotes and gold and platinum
He has been freed from his cacoon and is now a beautiful butterfly. 
That’s it. I want one. 
TEN THOUSAND YEARS WILL GIVE YOU SUCH A CRICK IN THE NECK

...Iiiitty bitty sleeping space 
I can’t stop watching this 
Duct tape is not for use on ducts. That’s what HVAC Tape is for.
that smile before he raised his arms got me every time. so adorable!
I like The look of The baby when its being Un winded 
You would be happy to stretch out after being left wrapped up like a board for 8 hours. Plus for no good reason. Parents should put some thought into bedtime.
Naw I’m 17 just trying to get a lot of -karma because I can
