"I'm just going to turn around so I can experience the joy again!"

Edit: To the person who gifted me gold. I luv u. 
[deleted]
r/gifsthatendtoosoon i need at least 16 more hours of this
My family had a dog named sophie and at age 7 she started to go downhill. This absolutely killed my dad because she was the daughter he never had and he loved that dog to death.  Then I got a puppy for Christmas and Sophie instantly became more energetic and excited.  All she wanted was to be a mama and when she got her puppy she was the happiest gal around
Poor puppy just gets kicked in the face with excitement 

Edit: yay my most upvoted comment is about a puppy being hit in the face with love, dream come true
[deleted]
This is the correct way to introduce new pets to your old ones. Dogs and cats are territorial and often see puppies and kittens as intruders. Neutral ground is the best place to let them meet. 
This made my day. I wish I was this excited about anything really.

Edit: u/BlondeAussieGirl1990 Now I'm excited about knowing what it is you wanted to tell me. If it's about the Herbalife business venture ... I love you.
Also, to the kind stranger that awarded this rather boring comment with my very first gold ever a big thank you!

Edit 2: Thank you both for the silver and second gold. This day really turned around for the better!
Look at that tail, overwhelming happiness 
This is your replacement, get your affairs in order.
You know a dog is really happy when their butt starts swaying along with their tail
I know someone says this every time we see a picture/video of one, but goldens really are the sweetest, purest souls on this earth. 

In the 6.5 years I've owned my Sophie, nothing has compared to seeing the genuine joy she gets out of seeing any other living creature. 

....Now the vacuum cleaner on the other hand...fuck that thing, she says. 
r/dogs_getting_dogs

Just making the suggestion to keep posting these two cuties together as baby grows up. What sweet love! 
Big pup is way more interested in the human than the little pup, this is adorable. 
I wish I could be as confident as a girl wearing all black around 2 golden retrievers!
I'm a simple man. I see a cute and excited dog and I upvote. 
My older dog is nervous aggressive to other dogs. We brought home a puppy after a year of serious training and on the condition that if we couldn't make it work between the two, we'd return her to the breeder same day so someone else could do her right.

He reacted the same way. overjoyed to have a little puppy of his own. It was honestly so sweet and they get along so well 😊
I've never seen such an excited doggie
I did that with my cat, he just looked disappointed at me
r/tippytaps
This girl is rocking nice shoes
That is a bold outfit to wear for this activity.
Goldens are too pure for this world. Just happiness and love covered in fluff. 
I love the swirling "windmill" movements she makes when she's excited. This is a classic technique used by most labs. 😂
Pure joy
I like how the puppy is like "please don't leave me with her, she is going insane."
Big Dog “OMGOMGOMG!”
Baby Dog “yo chilllll.”
MILP (mom I’d like to pet)
when i was younger, my family had a trio of mastiffs.  nellie first, then abigail, then gwenivere.   in abigail's younger years, we tried to breed her.   twice she went through false pregnancies, and carried pound puppies around in her mouth.   i think we got her in 92.  nellie died at 6, living from 83-89.  it was probably 2001 when my dad brought home gwenivere.   she was great too, but the best thing she ever gave us was four more years of abigail.   

poor abby had a bulging eye by the end, cysts of reasonable size along her back, but man, she loved that little pup with every ounce of her being.   we got to hold on to abby for nearly the amount of time of the other two pups.   nellie was 6, abby was 13 and gwen lived to 8.

it wasn't until i had two dogs at once that i realized how different these ladies can be.  
Love seeing the puppy take shelter from the tornado tail of doom.
Looks like someone came back all these years from the K-9 Advantixs commercial.

Now to show off those new tricks c:
*Not* the mama!
"OMG I had a baby! When did this happen? Why didn't you tell me?"
puppy seems a little concerned...
I expect every puppy to be peed on after the infamous Dogs Getting Dogs as Gifts event. 
Awwww she’s so happy! She’ll be a great mama!
This is so sweet!
PRECIOUS ♥️♥️♥️♥️ so so sweet. 
Wholesome
Full happy butt swings
That wiggy wag with the bum backing into her, was pat me, I'm still your baby too dammit!
You're lucky he was so accepting! I have an exceptional chocolate lab and when I brought home another puppy it took her 2 weeks to warm up to him.
Cute but tbh the Whole time I watched that video I was just jealous of that weather.
When a dog hasn't seen a pup be born before, I wonder if they understand this is a baby dog, or if they're reacting to a smell that's familiar from their own litter. Surely they share the underlying "OMFG CUTE HELPLESS THING MUST PROTECT AND NURTURE" reaction that we have.
But with a dog like that, how are her black clothes not covered in hair? *tell me your secrets* 
She’s cute....


The dogs are cute as well. 
Three adorable blondes!
That dog's hips don't lie. Happiest wiggles ever 
I wish introducing cats to each other was this exciting (and easy).
Is the puppy a golden retriever or a yellow lab?

"Yes, you are! Don't bite him, okay?"
Am I the only one surprised that momma didn't [pee on the puppy](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/a4ggs7/golden_retriever_gets_a_surprise/)?
People expecting what the dog is thinking:

aww it thinks it's a mom now. 🤗

What the dog actually is thinking about:

wait, this is what the "stork" looks like?
It looks oddly a lot like a human... 🤔
The pup is so shy... 
Awe so cute
I love seeing this kind of stuff in the morning. puts in me such a good mood lol
I feel like I need more info about those beautiful puppers😍😍🖤
Aww proud mama
Both of you are a mama now! ♥
Pup: "Mom, calm down. You're being over protective, again."
Oh my gosh it’s baby it’s baby it’s baby I love the baby
https://www.reddit.com/r/WhatsWrongWithYourDog/comments/a5dj3b/hes_a_bit_too_excited_to_meet_his_baby_brother OG post
Big dogs and little dogs are so different. My chihuahua would be like “what the fuck is this?” 
Tippy taps really make my day
IMAMOMMA 

IMAMOMMA 

IMAMOMMA

*kicks puppy in face with happiness*

IMAMOMMA
Every time I've ever gotten a puppy the older dogs responded with a resounding "Thanks, I hate it"
Would you believe me if I told you, I know the girl in this video??

I do know her btw
She’s gonna need a lint roller
Man, Goldens seem like the sweetest dogs in the whole world
Wearing black clothes, those are going to be covered in white fur in no time. 

Source: dog owner...
What breed is this? Retriever?
I wonder if she thinks her owner gave birth to a puppy. 

Dogs can recognize that puppies are babies, and other pack members wouldn't meet new puppies until they're a little bigger than newborns, so I wonder if big doggo wonders if human!mom just went off and had a puppy. 
:-|

http://imgur.com/gallery/iZFO4o4 
Damn she looks good.... the girl is cute too I guess.
I loved getting a puppy for our spayed girl so she could be a momma. She's a good one too. 
I love when dogs reach that level of happy where they can't wag their tail fast enough so they just start twerkin a lil bit 
What shoes is that lady wearing 
You should post some cat videos!
We did the exact same thing this past weekend. Got our 1 yr old GR a playmate. They were born exactly a year apart. Same reaction. Now 4 days in they are nearly inseparable 
I love how dogs are just as excited about puppies as we are, if not more
HENLO LITTLE ONE. I SHALL TEACH YOU HOW TO DOGE.
r/upvotebecausegirl 
In contrast, when I brought home a new kitten my other cat hissed at it and lived under the ottoman for 3 days after. 
Doggo is on the verge of dislocating her tail.
i find it weird that people buy pupies for their old dogs. Imagine yourself giving your grumpy granpa a 1 yo child 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
Does this gets the same amount of thumbs up if its a fat lady?
So many blonde Aussie girls in one pic the username checks out too
Tell her to show some enthusiasm next time
pupper is confusion
"Your new friend. Gentle now..." 

"Aww gawsh I cant control myself Im just too happyyy!!!"

*hides puppy away from tappy feet and smacky tail*
I say this every time. We do not deserve these animals!
This is adorable, but I’m getting anxiety her over being next to the road with two unleashed dogs. 
Dogs are so awesome!
My child!!!!!
“For me really?  I asked Santa for a puppy but didn’t think I was getting one. Now look I’m in love. “
*tail wag intensifies*
Beau
That's how I want to live my life. Always being excited about something, and happy, of course.
"Oh wait you're CRUSHING the baby now"
That is one pretty Golden :D
I love dogs, they're so pure :)
Recycled.
You got me a puppy?!?
/r/DGDAG
Omg omg thanks human!!!
I always worry with labs and puppies. As loveable as they are, they are so clumsy... 
r/dgdag 
Beautiful
Is this where he did it to 'em?
Aaah, Golden retrievers... The Cheerleader of dogs. 
Hey Reddit overloads, can we have an r/AnimalTippyTaps like r/HumanTippyTaps ?
r/DGDAG
this is so wholesome
/u/vReddit_Player_Bot
I think she already knows
How is she wearing black with two white pups!
the little guy isn't as excited 
This person looks very much like Haleigh from Big Brother.
r/tippytaps
r/dgdag
Is that a Denver Broncos bandana?
Are there puppies born that big
I’m grinning from ear to ear!! 😃 thank you for posting this! 
Now this is wholesome content
Joy personified.
Which breed ?
I will trample you with LOVE!!!
r/tippytaps

How can anyone not love golden retrievers?  
Nothing scarier than introducing a new baby to your pet, is it going to love it or bite it?

......


Oh thank god, it loves it
OP’s username checks out 
I can see this whole day 
This week I'm introducing a Golden puppy to my pug. I hope it goes this well. 
Is that the dad 
My oldest golden was like this when we brought the second home a year later. He went crazy and kind of adopted him. Now they are inseparable. 
Has there ever been a Goldie that didn't just absolutely adore puppies? 
Wearing black around those dogs is a mistake. 
I wonder why the older dog is that happy. Doesn't it sense that the puppy was taken away from it's mother and is possibly afraid of the situation? On top of that, how could it have any idea that it will be able to "keep" the puppy?
/r/dgdag 
Yes you are a blonde Australian girl who was born in 1990. 
R/dogsgettingdogs
It's trying to use it's tail whip ability but it's too happy
Wait, when someone brings home a new puppy does your older dog think you birthed/fathered it yourself?
I love how different dog reactions are too a new dog from cats being introduced to new cats.

Pack animal  behavior is way less stressful.
RIP her black outfit
r/dgdag
awwwwwww
Those are some nice r/tippytaps
English Goldens are the sweetest!
hello there
r/tippytaps
Dog 
Using reddits video player should be a bannable offense.
I can’t fucking wait to get one of those. 
Nice to see
r/dogsgettingdogs 
yes , you're mama now
Pet the second dog , goddamnit :( 
This would be perfect for r/DGDAG
Bless you 
Is there anything to indicate whether neutered dogs still feel a paternal instinct? Maybe it's not the same as it is in humans, but it's adorable seeing dogs adopt a small pup as their own.
Yay a playbuddy :)
Pure joy!! Makes me happy!!! 
Da ya lek dawgs?
r/likeus
She is so happy!!!
Good girl mama
Beautiful dogs (and beautiful lady too) 
I can't stop smiling at this. That sweetheart is so adorable! Her little steps in place is too cute for words.
I’m surprised this doesn’t have gold yet
MOM YOU'RE EMBARRASSING ME
She’s still a pup. 
I think the dog wants mommy’s attention.
Great bandana!
If you're not I'd gladly make you one.
That puppy is panicking
Yeet
Shadow man was stalking the scene
This is your replacement...
I hate when people don't have their dogs on a leash.  Is that a street next to them?
Can a dog hurt  its tail from wagging too much?
/r/girlsinyogapants
"I made dis....I think."
so cute
Can’t imagine getting hit by that tail now 😂 
She's so cute! 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

The dogs are nice too 
That puppy is scared as fuck
Goldens are such happy pup given half a chance.
Poor puppy is concerned with all the joy going on around him.
I'm shooting blind here OP, but are you a blonde female from Australia that was born in 1990?
This is nice to watch, but makes me nervous as hell, especially with that dog so close to her face. I did this with my dog once and he bit the ever-loving shit out of my arm trying to bite the puppy. I'm kind of traumatized by it a little. I didn't see it coming at all, as he's never bitten anything. We then realized we live in a single dog household.
Can we just talk about how inexplicably calm that puppy is?
This happiness made my day.
It wears off, quickly.
That’s a mighty fine dog 
Golden Retrievers are what would happen if you took the overall happiness of every living thing on Earth, put it together, then turned it into a dog
After a long time I have seen a good title
That dog is jelly not happy
western spy squat, 0/10 would not slav again
She just can't contain herself...
My wife hasn't seen this yet but I'm certain she needs that jacket.
You got your dog a dog. I love when people do that. Two Goldens. You are a lucky woman. 
I can almost hear his/her thoughts. "OMG SO HAPPY, A PUPPY, WHAT DO I DO, OMG HE'S STILL HERE, WHAT DO I DO, I'M SO HAPPYYYYY"
Someone needs to make this into an r/animaltextgifs

I'm not crying. You are. 
She send so happy I m also very happy to see that
r/dogs_getting_dogs
That tail is moving some air
‘Oh my dog! Oh my dog! Oh my dog! Oh my dog! Oh my dog! Oh my dog! Oh my dog! Oh my dog! Oh my dog! Oh my dog! Oh my dog! Oh my dog!’.
My girlfriend and and I currently have 5, 6 week old pittbull mixes, foster puppies.  Our very lovable boxer sniffed them and when they started to move towards him, he just took off.  His reaction was, “They aren’t my damn kids.”
We thought the same thing when we brought home a new yellow lab puppy, until our older Male started humping her 6 months later. 
I have melted
r/DGDAG
"Can't contain my joy...."
(Turn around)
"Can't contain my joy...."
(Turn around)
"Can't stop it!"
😂
Tail whip! 
Mine? Mine? Mine? Mine? Mine? I needed this today, thank you! 
"No you're a leaf blower!"

Love the wag!
Is this my replacement ? am I free to go now ?
Nice OG ultra boosts
I thought this was Kendall Coyne at first.
For a second (five more like it) I thought it was a hand puppet 
How do they own black clothes lmao 
She’s so cute... and I guess the dogs are nice too.
good lord the HOOPS on the woman recording!! I can tell by the shadow they are gorgeous 
A very well behaved and restrained dog , who is jealous and looking for attention from its mistress, not interested in the pup, who is usurping his/her place. 
Look like a mama to me !
Yes
Excited about the new toy.
Odd Fact: Researchers have concluded that dogs are so ingrained in human society that they feel more happiness when looking at humans than they do towards other dogs.
r/bettereveryloop
Nice butt mama show some more!
Ohh, so that's where puppies come from...
/s
The little guy is so nervous awww
r/DGDAG
That tail is a danger. I got hit by one once. They leave bruises.
Bet the nice lady was JUST as excited as woggy when she first got the baby-pupp! 
JOYFUL happiness 
This is just the smile I needed today. <3
Yes. be careful with this responsibility ❤️
Insanely brave of this chick to wear all black 
That tail is wagging at maximum  velocity 
Omg, I love how happy she is.
people who own golden retrievers should be legally obligated to make them available to the public at least one day a week, for all of us who aren't allowed to have dogs in our apartments. 
Every time she looks at the camera I can hear her saying “this is SO AWESOME!”
Could the science side or research side oft Reddit explain to me why dogs are always so willing to "adopt" pups which are not their own. I love how it's a thing but I would imagine many animals wouldn't be so willing to take in a child that isn't their own( Even though the humans raise it anyways).
What about puppies get older dogs so excited?
NEW FREN
I love white girls man
Pure DogJoy!

I always PupVote DogJoy.
Omg this is adorable 
Why didn't the big dog pee on the smol dog?
Maybe they should present the pup butt first. That’s the first place they go, anyway. 
has been for some time by the looks of that puppy 

&#x200B;
Adopt me plz
R/gifsthatendedtoosoon
Tail says it all
What is he EXACT  breed of this dog?? I want 20!!
How is she not absolutely covered in dog fur??
I’m mad the puppy is looking like: “My agent said I was playing a young puppy...what is this, Amanda?”
That poor puppy is so overwhelmed. 
My dog is go grumpy compared to her lol
And another victim, got a golden, gotta get another one :)
Puppy: "what the fuck man???"
That dog has a weird shadow
u/SpitsOutCereal :)
People need to stop introducing puppies to grown dogs like this. It's terrifying for them. They're not toys. 
this looks like the kinda dog you could squat down holding a pumpkin in front of and it'd react the same way.
There is nothing in this world that makes me feel as good as seeing a dog's tail wag like crazy 
#
I really wanted this video to be longer.. 
*Mama!!  You had a puppy?!  Lil' bro!  Lil' bro!*
This is unadulterated joy, if ever there was any.
<3
Hey, stop showing your butt to the kid! 
The caption will be me in July 👩‍👦🥰👶🏽
Are you a blonde Australian female age 28-29 by chance OP?
Love how the puppy doesnt sense any danger or nervousness with that giant version of himself right in his face.
She's a brave human to wear that much black with two blonde doggos.
the day we develop a machine that lets us read dog thoughts is the moment we come to accept what we see as happiness is felt by the dog as anxiety. 
Thank you hooman

Thank you hooman

Thank you hooman

Thank you hooman
Happy Doggos Makes Me Happy
I know it’s proper procedure but i find it funny to be careful with the pup introduction to a golden retriever...as if it’s not going to love the shit out of him/her. 
00201229202256 
We don’t deserve dogs 
U hav brought me pupper. I will now commence love.exe in infinite loop
happii doggos are best doggos 
I like that she moved to the grass to advoid heat damage to the dogs' paws
The lady holding the dog is HOT!
Man, wish my ex-wife was this excited when we had our first kid. 

LOL!!!
Dat ass
That mother dog appears to be pummeling the snot out of that poor puppy with its tail. Makes me wonder how often tail related injuries happen to infant puppies.
Is that Reese Witherspoon? 
Did you give birth to a dog? 
No
Hottest stork ever.
Was this before or after the rest of her litter was taken away? It’s probably excited because she thought you got rid of them all. Y’all just keep painting an unrealistic reality tho
I love when big puppers get more excited about little puppers, than the little puppers do. Little pupper is probably a tad nervous. 
wtf is wrong with people who let animals lick their face
No
Did it throw up on you, cry all night, then grow up to tell you you're the worst parent ever? Then, no, you're not a mama.
Peeped the profile hoping for nudes but was not disappointed to see just puppers
Would like to see the mamma dog after the owner sells her baby away to an other person. 
Pupper is pretty excited about her replacement. 
Unfortunately that’s her replacement :/
Nope. A dog owner maybe but mama no. That dog has a mama and its not u
Cute dogs but the woman's pretty hot
Nope, you're not a mamma. Meet your replacement. 
[removed]
depends.

if the puppy is a male, then she's gonna be a cougar and he "the young fuckbuddy".

if the puppy is a female, then it's going to be a battle for whos the alpha bitch. cuz females can't stand each other and can't accept being nr 2. That's why, most likely, the big one will be Mortal Kombat champion, and the puppy will be a punching bag for it. Let the fight begin. MOOOORTAAAAL KOMBAAAAAAT!
