this is the sweetest thing ever
If only my cats had embraced my puppies that way! Consider yourself lucky. The dogs are both afraid of the cats and want desperately to be friends, but the cats put them in their place if they get too close.
The cat: this uppity little... Oh my God come here your hair is all fucked up
"AHHH I EAT YOU NOW"

"No you're doing it wrong lemme show you."

"Oh yeah this way better."
Oh did you see that brutal cat slap to the head! These two are going to be trouble!
This is the genius of cats: instead of fighting or resisting the new dog, kitty decides to mother it — which the dog happily accepts — to assume a position of authority.
Bestest of friends at first sight. So precious
My older cat loves my dog too, but hates my younger cat... it confuses me.
"shhhh shhhhh. dont fight it, youre a cat now."
Best friends!
"My new puppy".  That's a good one!  Nice of you to buy a pet for your cat.
Friends for life 😺😺😺🐶🐶🐶
I believe that is now your cat's dog and it's delegated caregiving to you 😂 😂 😂 
r/peoplefuckingdying
I love it when cats and dogs are friends c:
r/kittypupperlove
Cat : "Ah ah ah..submit". Honestly though, I live with a cat that licks the other cat to piss them off when he's  in her way. 
Aussie?
[Here's an imgur mirror] (https://i.imgur.com/jjJpt0R.gifv) for anyone else who needs it, since Reddit-hosted content can be a pain to share sometimes.
She blinded him then attempted to lick his brain out! Better keep an eye on these wild animals! 
Cat:Tsk tsk you're so dirty.

Doggo: Human get the cat away!
Ahhh, the ol’ gentle licks of dominance move, a cat classic. 
I didn’t see my cat for 6 months, they’re pals now though. 
Cat: “No, darlin’, that ain’t how we treat each other around here...” starts licking the pupper
Pupper: “???”
Pup: "I bite yer face!"

Cat: "No no noooo, you don't understaaaaand...let me just lick you right here...see, there's no biting in this house"

Pup: "But, I bite yer face!"

Cat: "Oh dear sweet summer child, it is I who do the biting around here"
Wow what a massacre!
Does anyone have tips on getting a dog to not be aggressive toward the cat? I just got a puppy this Sunday and any time our cat is around she chases her. 
The puppy is a victim of love. 
Kitty licks and pupper bean toes - yup it’s a massacre 
Yeah, of the heart from how cute they are!
Omg they're in love! This made my morning. 
[removed]
SUBEISNFUQJVDU ITS SO CUTE 
*meowsacre
Brought a puppy home to meet the rest of my pets. 2 other small dogs,  they nipped and picked on him so bad, one of my cats ran right up to him and gave him a head bump and they were buds ever since. 
The funny thing is that your cat is establishing dominance over your puppy by excessively licking it on the head like that. 
Your dog looks like [my dog](https://imgur.com/gallery/uHXfLgr)!! My boy is a mini Aussie/sheltie. What’s yours?! [Him with shorter hair.](https://imgur.com/gallery/lLdIPci) 
It restores my faith in cats.
"Dude..  Your breath is horrid, do you even wash? Here lemme show you how it's done"
When my younger cat is being annoying, the older one gives him very aggressive face licks. I predict many games of Chase in your future.
This reminds me of fond memories as a kid. We had two dogs - Norwegian Elkhound and an Elkhound cross - and two older cranky cats. Both dogs would approach a sleeping cat and shove their whole faces into the cats body until they latched onto their faces and cleaned them viciously. Cats seemed to not mind and the dogs just loved it 😂. I miss them. 
"I'll just cover his eyes. That will lull him until my master plan for domination can take effect. . . ."
Hey no biting, only licking. Here let me show you, stay still...
Wet me wick it awww better.
you should have warned us about such violence !
They are adorable. 
So cute <3
The pup is like: I bite u I wanna play!!!! Cat: shhh no no no we don’t do that here honey lemme do ur hair
That poor puppy is gonna be licked to death, how could you?! 
I remember, i have a 1 year old dog at the time and my mom adopted a kitty. My dog hates the kitten but every time he (kitten) was out of her (dog) sight she won't stop going around the house until she finds him. I guess she loves to annoy the cat
Late to the party but when my cat and dog are playing but it gets to be too much, my cat will start licking my dog like this and she will stop just like this and soak up the love. So cute. 
You mean meowssacre.
Dude, that's a cool ass cat... She's not at all concerned about this new ~~idiot~~ puppy! Seems like a rad friendship in the making 🤗
Must gain trust before I annihilate - All cats 
idk, they're working on being friends but they aren't sure who's the boss yet.  There's a small chance this could go south.
Tuxedo cats are the greatest, very smart and affectionate. 
Kind of the cat to close doggo's S eyes before administering the kiss of death
Your dog looks like an adorable stuffed animal. I need to cuddle him. 
I love how the big little idiot (very gently) tries to gnaw on the *entire kitty face*! Kitty still gives raspy kisses, though <3
r/peoplefuckingdying
Looks like with a couple of kangaroo kicks, the cat has asserted its dominance.
"I'm going to lick you while the human watches, but you work for me meow."
Dog- "Come on! Let's play new fren."
Cat- "Shhhhh. Let me love you."
"I will not have your foul dog stench in my home... now let me clean you" \~ The Cat
Massacre of love!
He’s eating his brains 
"no no. love."
You’re lucky. My cat gets jealous pretty quick so he wouldn’t come near our new puppy for a while
“No, no, no... No play, only clean.”
God i love Aussie feeties
The wife and I have 2 dogs and a cat, but recently adopted another cat so our other cat would have a companion. We were worried about bringing in the new cat, as the last one took forever to become friendly enough with the dogs. Well, tonight, our younger dog and the new cat bonded, very similar to this video, except with our dog being the licker. It was so sweet! 
A massacre of the heartstrings! It is one of my biggest wishes for my cats and dog to get along, but alas... ‘tis not meant to be. Maybe some day when I’m older I’ll get a kitten and pupper at the same time so they’ll be bestest of friends! 
I am a little drunk but this is the cutest sh*t I’ve seen. Like kitten covers doggos eyes and gives it lovin?!? Ahhh 😍😍😍
Best Buddies 4 Lyfe
This comment will get buried but thank you for one of the cutest things I've seen in a long time.
Animals are so amazing!!
Is this on day 1???
Aw cute buddies!
The puppy is lapping up the attention, it’ll be pampered a lot from now on 
😍
My brother just got a puppy IDENTICAL to this pupper! Jordan?
Double toe taps... submission
Did they just become best friends?
They love each other... Right off the bat. ♥️
Is your puppy a double merle?!
Awwww so cute!!!!
A massacre of my man ovaries 
Calm down boi u need sum luv
"I love you, you little shit. Come here and let me groom you."
Cat is like: "Dog, chill, you need to be cleaned" lol
r/peoplefuckingdying
Lb.
I tried this in reverse and unfortunately it didn't work out. The kitten was an absolute terror to my dog. Even when he was an adolescent, he would still bite my dog's balls from time to time. I had to give the cat away sadly.
"Calm down, here let me love you" cat
Lick him to death :D
We have a best friend situation afoot!
You're right it's a disaster!
I can't watch such violence. 
So sweeeet
Aww!! too lovely. Best mates ever.
aww meow means woof in cat.
r/PeopleFuckingDying
Dominant licking 
Just added “pupper” to my list of cringiest words ever produced by an adult
My cats have given love to every dog that's ever come into my house. Am not surprised by this video.
This warms my heart 🥰 I needed to smile today! So cute 
r/tuxedocats 😀
I love seeing other animals act like they the parents of other animals 
They are so precious ❤️
OMG! ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
 Wow what a massacre! 
This is awesome, AP. Can’t wait to see you this next week 😉
I LOVE the cat's reaction to the puppy play-bite, she don't have time for play, her new baby/friend needs a bath, pronto. 
How nice of you to bring the kitter a pupper!
*Oh the humanity! Will it end?! I hope not...*
I honestly believe Felines have a stronger "Parental" gene than most animals. I think you've seen cheetahs and leopards, maybe even tigers being mothers to babies of other species. My cat would show a lot of patience towards my nephew, even when he was being unreasonably cruel. Cat's just dig babies, put up with them, and even nurture them. 
Death by affection. 
Kitty: Chill you stupid puppy let me love you *lick lick lick* 
When your dog starts gnawing at your cat's face and then your cat just pushes them down with their paws I pictured your cat being like, "nonono. SIS. Lemme do this right." 😂 so cute! 
Meanwhile, my 10 lb cat keeps trying to take down my 80 lb lab
I'm only here to comment about OP's username.
My tuxedo cat is the most patient and loving creature (even tries to cuddle skunks 🤮) that I've ever known.
cAt BrUtALly ShIVs dOgGo
r/peoplefuckingdying
OP you can post this to r/peoplefuckingdying
Licking is a authority/domination thing with cats, isn't it?

Kitty is doing that back leg self defense thing while doing it.
Cat: HOLD IT RIGHT THERE

*LICK*
I will hug you and squeeze you and call you George...
Dibs!! I licked it first!
I can watch this all day, seriously, so sweet!
You know this means that we need regular updates right!?!
You adorable dumb shit, let me love you ~ Cat
 Yes n,cM 
fe I v b jil
Thank you for blessing us with this <3
OMG heart melting 
Brutal 
sorry this was awwwwww not aww. Down voted 
Aww how cute!! I wish my dog and my roommate’s cat got along this well, but no one is dead so we count it as a win.

This looks like a cat I rescued/fostered for a bit in college before a real place could take him, I miss that cat every day. I’m glad yours is so good and gentle. 
She domesticated him. Lol.
Man, my cat hisses and swats my puppy evey time he sees her.  I'm jelly.
As a person who has had many cats and 1-2 dogs at the same time, I can not express how lucky you are. My dogs and cats tolerated one another. The only time total peace was achieved was bedtime. One cat one one side of my upper body, the other on my pillow on the opposite side. The dog, always curled up behind my knees. 
I think the cat is actually teaching the pupper not to bite. I know mama cats do that with their kittens. Putting a paw on their head and holding them down 😆
Meanwhile our new car still hasn’t left the room in two weeks and the old cat refuses to even look at her. 
I have a girl dog whose never attacked nor show signs of aggression towards my cats but I still  get extremely scared when ever she opens her mouth  & make them stop playing. Should i just let them continue because I've never seen dogs & cats play like in this video so real hesitant 
Kitty is making VERY sure that pupper knows exactly who's boss haha!  That is just so sweet.  
Shh. Shh. It will be over soon.
How did you go about introducing them? Did you just bring the dog in and hope for the best kinda like flipping a coin or was there some process of getting the cat used to the dogs scent and all that jazz you see in articles online 
Shhh. Only dreams now.
I don’t think I’ve ever seen anything so freakin cute
Isn't the cat grooming a sign of the puppy's rank in the household. Kitty accepts him but kitty is management, puppy is just a entry level!
Yeah... We're gonna need daily updates on this pair for the next few years.
“See this? This is mine now. He must smell like me.” 
More like a meowssacre.
In my experience it’s easier when you bring a puppy into a home with a cat. Cat established alpha pet status and puts doggo in place. 

Source: my cats had my dog wrapped around their little paws. 
Massacre of cuteness ❤️
Dogs and cats living together,  mass hysteria!
I just finished reading the r/raisedbynarcisists post about the parents dumping some poor girl’s dog, so this was just what I needed.
r/puppersheckingdying
Hey just to let you know that cat doesn't necessarily like that dog and cats groom to assert dominance. Remain vigilant 
You better have the sex talk 
Try one of these approaches:
"You always use condoms with a new partner to protect both of you."
"I'll buy the condoms -- do you prefer a special kind?"
"Do you have condoms, or should we make a run to the store?"
"Your condoms or mine?"
"How many of these do you think we'll need tonight?"
Future long time friends
Cat: I want to attack you but I know you're still learning and don't know better than to mess with me so I'm just going to lick you instead for now
Breed? 
“I love you stupid, giant, smelly kitten. I will clean you.” 😂
THE HUMANITY!
So adorable. Wish my dog and cars got along like that
ops cat: There there child,you are safe now!
Why do they do that? As in, bites and licks? Are these signs of affection like hugs?
Puss thought about the rabbit kicks for a split second. Nope, gon get them lickeys in
Oh the humanity!
what breed is the dog? does anyone know?
Oh man. That's Ruff.
“Mom says I gotta keep my toys clean”
God dude coulda put a NSFW tag on with all this gore :)
awww, what a nice kitty
Come here dog let me lick you.
This brings me joy
It kills me how the cat covers the dog's eyes after being nipped at. "?!! Okay, excuse me sir. Calm down. Shhhhhh. Yes. Good dog." 
My dog loved both our cats when they were brought in. So much so that their ears were constantly licked for about a week or so. And he was such a gentle boy. 
Shhh don't look, I'll take care of it.
If you can't lick 'em, lick 'em.
r/dresdenfiles
Found Mister and Mouse
Looks just like[my new kitten](https://i.imgur.com/xDyGQ0Y.jpg)
I love that the dog is like 'Bite!' and then the cat is like 'Sigh, ok, I guess I'm here for the long run, better at least clean this thing' *lick lick lick*
"Hush now sweet child....." 
Stop! I can’t stand this cuteness! *clutches heart*
MY HEART 😍 
Nahh cat has those guns locked and loaded but seen you recording last minute lol
So cute ! makes me want to get a kitty

&#x200B;
This is adorable!!!! I’m bringing home my puppy in a week, to the house where my eleven year old cat is king, and he has been the only pet for the past eight years......  needless to say, I’m so nervous, but I’m praying that things will go the same way it has for you, lol!
This is a massacre of cuteness! 💗
Tuxedo kitties are always the sweetest it seems :) my girl always loves on others 
Aussie?
I demand 1 hour video of this with sound.
There, there, child
I’m crying at an Irish Pub....
Claw to the head and ate the poor dog’s face maliciously!
r/peoplefuckingdying
Yeah, my poor pup was FUCKED up by 3 ninja kitties when she met them for the first time. I didnt know they were there. My parents moved back to the house I was taking care of and brought cats with kittens. My puppy trotted in to say hello to my parents and 3 cats shot out of nowhere and attacked her. Ripped her ears open, and slapped her face a bunch. Poor little girl came screaming back to me. I got her down to my room
 She hid for a good 20 minutes.
IT’S SO FLUFFY I’M GONNA DIE
Let me clean that dog off of you. 
Ill just keep watching this forever.
Shhhh, close your eyes. You don't need to see this. Just feel. 
Just close your eyes... everything will be ok 
They seem to be getting along.
Have had this happen before between humans.  Does work.  Can attest.
CAT: calm down or i'll be kick yr a$$.
Got me for a minute 
My heart melts every time any cat displays any kind of affection
Your cat is so cool for picking up your energy and trying to help to take care of that dog. Awesome family.

Edited
Cat’s permission is mandatory for any living thing other than its existing slaves to enter the premises 
Oh shit, this thing can eat me. Better get on his good side!
They look very happy.
This just makes me sad, we've had my pupper for over a year and the cat still hides and hisses :(
You have made my day. It's cute how the kitteh is cleaning him. He has a new mommy and big sister to look after and be looked after by. 
I literally awwwed out loud when I scrolled past this. 
A massacre with all the biting , clawing and licking.  Wait what ?!
That's a good kitty!
dog: i do an attack
cat: stop, stop *lick lick*
They will have an amazing friendship! My dog and one of my cats are best pals. Its amazing!
i really wish my cat and dog would just get along. 
We need a subreddit decicated to dogs and cats being cute together
r/kittypupperlove
Awww, looks like the cat's accepted the pupper as his/her new charge.
So cute!
What breed of dog is that??
Tuxedo cats, are the BEST cats.
Look at the puppers paws!! So cute!! 
Oh my God this is so wholesome <3
Wow I think my heart exploded from cuteness 
Jesus christ, this is the most adorable thing I’ve seen in ages


(All together now...) D’AAAAWWWW!! 
What the fuck is the thought process of animals?
Wow, this might actually be the cutest thing I’ve ever seen in the whole history of cat/pup internet videos.
Lick not bite!  See...
He didn't even see it coming.
kitty is playing the long game.

&#x200B;

pup is gonna get a bald patch soon.
So cute. I love this.
Awww you have a double Merle Aussie! That’s for adopting :):)
Cat licks > Dog licks.

Based on how special it makes you feel.
Killing him....with kindess
Your pup looks like my pup, Finn! She is Great Pyr/Sarplaninac mix. What breed(s)? 
r/peoplefuckingdying 
Mommy Kitty says "Welcome home, Son. You're my Baby." Plants paw over his worrisome eye, "I own you now but you are LOVED!!!"
Look little bastard. I am the queen. Ok?  Now allow me to seduce you to my squire. Lick lick lick 
Omg this is amazing. 
r/PeopleFuckingDying
I love how the cat covers up the dog's Steve Buscemi eyes, before she proceeds to make sweet love to him.
What kind of dog is this? Love the little bugger! 
Cat's always think dogs are dirty. My 19 year old still tries to clean the 90lb boxer/shepherd.
Oh the brutality!

shh bby is ok
*Cat establishes superiority forever*
**FINISH HIM** *you missed a spot*
My God. The horror.
I have an Aussie and a Weimaraner and my Aussie won't let my cats move an inch without shoving her face into there's.
So damn cute!!!!!
I kiss meow purr hooomun
Oh gosh it's too gruesome!
awwwww
The cat is doing a taste test to see what wine will pair well with the dog. 
Catto says, “MY PUPPY.”
“Did we just become best friends???” 🤗😇
This makes me hopeful for when I get a dog!
Aww that's so - so cute!! I wish mines were getting on this well too. 
SHHH. DON'T TALK. YOU MY BABY NOW. 
This should be marked /NSFAWWWW
Massawwwcre is more like it
More... I need more pics or vids! 
Cat: "You got me a puppy!!"
Mass o' care.
Animals are just the fucking best!
Awwwww the puppy feet too!
That's cute. You got your cat a new dog. 
The absolute horror, it's a bloodbath!
OMG IS THAT CAT EATING THAT DOG!  OHHHH THE HUMANITY!
This might be the most r/aww thing I've ever seen on this sub
“Close ur eyz you cant see dis”
:3
Excellent. 
They are made for each other 
*massage
 the horror, the horror. 
Quit being so cute :3
I thiiiiink my cat and pup are getting there. I can hold the cat in my arms and he loves when she licks his ears. I wish it was like this though.
What kind of puppy is that? It is so cute
Too gruesome for r/aww imo. ₍ₜₕᵢₛ ᵢₛ ₐ ⱼₒₖₑ ₚₗₛ dₒₙ'ₜ ₕᵤᵣₜ ₘₑ₎
Awh already best buddies
They love each other.
Aw she’s cleaning him
Haha that is cute!
Is that a Border Collie so cute!!!?
This is so God damn cute! 
r/peoplefuckingdying
wish my cat was loving like yours :’)
Noo fren, you do like thiiis...
Ofc the cat's the dom
It was a massacre... of love! 


I'll see myself out.
You lucky bastard, my dog chased my poor cats around for at least three minutes until I could grab her.
Girl or boy cat? 
"I like this popsicle, you are welcome hooman"
a massacre of love
Simply adorable😍
That cat has empathy. And loves puppies. 
Buncha freaks❤️
I was scared to watch it!!!! 
You stop? You stop. I lick now. 
My tuxy baby looks so similar to yours. Love them so much 
I have 2 cats and have been wondering about adopting a dog.
This is what my dreams are made of!
Awhile ago I learned that cats engage in "dominance grooming", this makes me wonder if the cat is trying to communicate to the puppy who's in charge here, but puppy is like "what a weird looking dog" and the cat is wondering why this cat looks so weird lol
Like a Boss!
They're look like a couple
That pupper looks huge
Worldstar!
Too much cute.
I think that's more of a Cat-tastrophy.
I have a cat that looks just like yours and an 8 week old pupper and watching them play together is so fun
Cuteness overload 
Anyone know what kind of dog this is? Its the cutest ever!
Bitch I will lick you to death!
They say cats assert their dominance by giving baths. I don't know how much I want to believe it, but... it's the cutest display of dominance I've ever seen.
it so cute it hurts.
"Hmmmm what do you taste like?"
"I taste like love."
Close your eyes and lemme do the thing
r/peoplefuckingdying
r/cattaps
/u/vreddit_bot
r/PeopleFuckingDying
 i feel such a warm 
I once saw a cat having 3some with 2 dogs 
Khajit always tastes their victim before the kill. 
I have an Aussie and tuxedo too! :_)
"No, you stop! I love you!"
Anyone else want to tickle that paw?
This is heartwarming. My cat always licks my dogs too. They love each other. :)
No NSFW tag. 
Beautiful... 
A real blood ba... A REAL BATH
r/peoplefuckingdying
You mean puppy
I hope you can live with the blood on your hands.
I will not submit to your nonstop sweet licks! 
Oh my gosh 
Is that a blue heeler?  Nice looking pup.
Why can’t we all be like that cat?
I will find you and I will groom you
so heartwarming 
A total LICKFEST!!!!
I...I will kill you with love!
What a pretty Blue Merle!
VIcIoUs kITTy DeVoUrInG A SmoL DoGGo
The rare case of the aggressive dog and the caring cat.
IS THAT AN AUSSIE SHEPARD?
Dog is like “NAO....ok...
"You are my baby now" the cat, probably
Immediate surrender due to super cute kindness.

The dog can thank the kitty later for cleaning that hard to reach spot. So sweet!
This one just made my day ❤️
Dude put it on NSFW. That’s some dangerous ass fighting. 
For a split second there it looked like your cat was getting ready to use its back paws to mess up the pupper and then BAM, sweet loving. 
Kill em with kindness
I feel like that first nip was a "god damn it! do it right" nip.
I call BS
Oh God you're right, I'm dying of awwness
We need more footage! 
You can only defeat hate with love 
Moo moo pupper, meet moo moo cat
Can we get a part 2, 3 and so on? I would love to see this 2 buddies again.
You lucky thing.  My cats just hiss at my puppy and he chases them every time they insist on running past him.
adorable
r/peoplefuckingdieing material right here
Good lord, blood and body parts everywhere.
The cats like "this is mine now"
That cat will have that pup domesticated in no time!
Those kick's are hilarious.  
...this is my life now. 
A sweet massacre
More videos please...
LiOn ViCiOuSlY fIGhTs BaCk AgAiNsT HeLpLeSs PuPpEr
“Oh!..mhm...ok”
it is not! 
😍
Adorable lmao
Shh, only dreams and licks now.
Though it was a rough start with my dog being super excited about our new cat they eventually became like this too.
this pupper was seconds away from getting his nose kicked off
You. named him timex?

Edit: old timex watch commercial “takes a licking and keeps on ticking.”
So, considering it's a massacre, I assume that the cat won. Might need a bigger dog next time for your cat overlord. 😉

Joking aside... DAWWWW. Also, my cat does this exact thing to the second cat I adopted. Must be a dominance thing.
Hey any tips for brining a puppy home to an adult cat?
cAt EaTS pUpPY aLiVe

/r/peoplefuckingdying
My god what breed is the pup?
Now your puppy has kitty spit all over his face.
cats no how to work it, when they want to.
Yes to this
The cat just tamed the dog
I am NOT having this much luck with my new collie 
Blind the enemy, then attack
Aw the cat loves his new friend :) 
These videos always ends too early!!
Shhhh,,, you don't need to see,,,
No! I will cleaneth tou!
THAT'S SO FUCKING LOVELY

&#x200B;
Bff 😍
DoG gEtS sCrAtChEd to dEaTh bY HeArTlEsS kItTy 
We are sentient beings who can think for ourselves, yet, animal constantly show us how to act to others...
Cat is asserting dominance right away. Its basically saying the dog is its bitch.


Cat licking means different
cute for sure, but if i didn't know any better i'd say these two have known each other for a while and you made up a story for some sweet, sweet karma

edit: y'all just like the idea of this more than anything. i love cats; i've had them all my life, but i don't know of a single one that would warm up to a dog this quickly. even the cool ones. it usually takes a fair amount of time for them to warm up to a new person, let alone a dog, but who knows maybe this person has the chillest cat of all time.
"Ohhh Kay. See, your problem is you haven't been licked here.. and here.."
There are going to be shenanigans in the future!  :0
OMG, love at first sight! 
That's wonderful. 

That dog will now always respect that cat. 
*"I love you with mouth"*
Wow our cats look alarmingly the same
It’s my cake day
Its like Mike Vick’s house 
Just a couple of carnivores... nothing to see here.
I feel if there's ever strife between the 2 species it's the cats fault. 
[deleted]
