“Wait. Was that a squirrel??  O no - ok more scratches.”
When I carried the mail as a summer job, I used to bring treats to bribe the dogs. After some days, they knew when I was due and got so excited. Best part of the job! 
This was my favorite part of being a residential garbage collector. I kept a big bag of dog biscuits in the truck and most of the dogs on my route knew the sound of my truck and would either sit next to the garbage cans or stand at the fence waiting for me.

One time, an owner was waiting for me with a shotgun in his hand. He wanted to know if I poisoned his dog. I gave him the bag of biscuits and even ate one to show they weren't poisoned. After seeing me eat one, he started crying and telling me that some sick bastard poisoned his dog, Bear.

The following week, I told him of another stop I had in the next town where the owners' dog had a litter of puppies and was looking for good homes. He almost started crying again and asked for the address.

A couple of weeks later, there was an adorable lab mix puppy waiting for me at his house. He was sitting on the porch smiling like he won the lottery. I said, "Is this another Bear?" He said, "Nope, her name's Cub and you can visit her anytime you want."

I won't lie. I got teary-eyed when I drove away.

\*Edit: For all the people who are asking about gaining permission first, yes, I did ask every single owner for permission before handing out dog biscuits. I know all too well what allergies mean for our four-legged friends.
i don't know how you get your job done, how could you ever stop petting that lovely dog
The perfect robber as the doggo would see him break into the house and be ecstatic for an impromptu visit from his morning friend.
Gonna clear a few things up:

This is in The Netherlands

I know this dog for a while now and greet her everytime she's at home, yes I know she flinched at a moment, but that was mostly because I was switching hands and my phone and she was distracted in the meantime (I didn't notice that in time). 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
I didn't know people still use newspapers
My dog nudges her ball under the fence everyday for my mailman. Weather permitting he will stop delivering mail for a few minutes out of each day to play fetch.
What an adorable doggo
does delivering newspapers involving riding a bike and throwing newspapers at doors like in the movies?
Small point for the OP and other people out meeting strange dogs in public. This dog knows the OP and still withdrew from her hand twice before getting scratches. It wasn't much, but it was there. A LOT of dogs respond better to an outstretched palm they can approach than to fingers approaching over their head.

That said, it's beautiful that you've made a friend there. I've greeted almost every dog in my neighborhood. Walkies are the highlight of my day. I'd never get any work done if they were my job.
wow thats my dream dog <3 you lucky dude!
Wow what a gorgeous dog, by the size of his head I reckon he's quite the unit!
I feel like the Dog Vs Mailman concept is nothing but Cat propaganda

&#x200B;
What a beautiful GSD! 😍😍😍
Such a well behaved pupper.
She’s so beautiful 
Zeg makker
What a beauty!
I know im late to this thread but ill leave some advice

1- NEVER EVER pet an unknown dog with your palm wide open always do it with a closed fist aproaching slowly if the dogs snap out you will leave with a few scratchs or bites instead of losing fingers.

2 - Always go from below if you are going to pet a dog you dont know if your arm is above their head the dog can mistakenly think you are going to hit it or do some harm (especially stray dogs).

TL;DR: ALWAYS pet an unknown dog with your fist closed and slowly move from below their heads and when you see its not aggressive pet it with respect.


Sorry for spelling english is hard
Need tissues
Why were you 3 hrs late delivering the papers? *shows video* ... understandable.
Adorable.   Just a tip, unless you already know this dog, don't just reach for it, especially its head.   Let it sniff and come to you.
What a sweet floofer!
I love German Shepherds. They are such sweet dogs. 
0:22 SQUIRREL
What a beautiful dog.
"Karen just let me read the god damn news I need to see how my stocks are doing"
Some say OP is still petting that dog 
So much for a guard dog, haha.
Just a tip for anyone approaching a dog that doesn't know them. Try not to put a hand on top of the dog's head straight away as they can't see it and they might snap at you. It's best to offer your hand to the dog's snout, so they can smell you and still keep your hand in their eye-line. You can then pull your hand away quickly without it being threatening to the dog, if they aren't sure about you.
Never thought to get video of it but...

At 3 pm each day, like clockwork our Sheltie would start ringing some bells we had hung around the door handle. It was a sign he wanted to go out, so like routine, open the door and let him run about. Didnt really give much thought to why always at 3pm so we didnt notice for a while till I went out with him to snag something from the car. Turns out at 3pm, the mail lady would come roaring down our dead end street, passing all the other houses and stopping at ours. She would jump out of her car and just play with our sheltie for 5-10min and then go back to her job. 
What a cute dog!!! You happen to know the race? GSD or Tervueren?
Always makes me so nervous seeing people reach over a fence to pet a dog. Mine would rip your arm off unless you stepped into the area.
What a sweet girl
I want to snuggle that doggo!
this was one of the best parts of being a cable guy was all the doggos I got to pet!
he's BEAUTIFUL! Thanks OP, this is quality content.
PSA: When petting a strange dog ALWAYS go under hand first. This allows for the pooch to sniff and inspect your hands. After that scratching under their chin or behind their ears will earn you a friend for life. 
Don't reach over an unknown dogs head to pet it, reach under their chin. 
This is the real reason I’m going to journalism school, so good boys can get scritches from newspaper delivery people forever 
Am I the only one talking to him during all the scratches?
Wow, i didnt know dogs could be better looking than me 
[deleted]
i think its great that people feel comfortable around dogs to just go up and pet them, show them affection, etc. i never grew up around dogs (maybe a couple of friends had one) and I'd probably just avoid it and miss out on this.
Sure is awful bright for you to still be on your route. AND a beautiful pup? Soooo lucky. When I delivered, if I was still on the road by 6am, I was failing :( lol.
Boop snoot are the best
What a sweetheart 
What a beautiful sweetie!
It is always a good day when you pet a dog.  
Got any of those paper chew chew rolls fren?
wow, my first gold and silver. That is a surprise. 

Thanks for the many upvotes and comments! 
I was waiting for the dog to hold newspaper by his canines and run towards the owner.
When the sun is out? I finished at 3:20am today. Most puppers aren't outside. Mostly the wild coyote variety.
My heart can't deal with the sheer amount of affection in those eyes 😍
No scritches! I just want my newspaper Karen! I want to do my crossword
Longhair German shepherds are amazing 
The lil sniffs at the end <3 
So much for a vicious guard dog, he's just looking for scratches :) 
I wish I got paid to walk around and pet dogs
When I was with my ex, we'd go on neighbourhood walks, and there was this one house with a massive yard with a doggo on a long ass chain. Poor thing was desperate for attention, sweetest frikkin doggo ever.

I miss him. Not my ex though. Give me the pupper any day.
How do you walk around and have strange dogs give you friendly happy puppy wags? I take a walk through town and it’s all “ be gone, vile intruder, lest I feast upon your entrails!”
He did an Ocular pat down, assessed the threat and cleared the squirrel
Gotta love that adorable face 
I needed this big soft boye this morning, thanks
This guy is a serial petter. Hide you dogs. Hide your cats.
I have a big scawy German Shepherd that gets foldsy backsy ears when you scritch her too.
People still buy newspapers?
We don't deserve dogs. They are pure.
*Subscribe*
BLOW YOUR NOSEEE
I can feel his big cold wet nose and pokie whiskers . What an absolute hunk
Please boop the snoot. 
I used to be a meter reader. I used to take all my breaks with the friendly dogs on my routes. Ended up adopting a pitbull from a lady who admitted she couldn't care for her properly. This brings back some good memories.
Oh hell. I want to reach through my screen and rub on him
You're never truly a dog person until you meet a big senior dog who just loves to get pets.

They're a lot better at containing their excitement because they know the payoff is love and affection. 
Wait is newspaper delivery still a thing? I thought it only happens in documentaries.
For god sakes people, when reaching to pet dogs that are not entirely familiar/comfortable with you, reach for under their head. It gives them anxiety when reaching above their head, generally most dogs don’t like it. 
I had a paper route where at one of the houses at the beginning of the route there was a dog who would come with me after I delivered their paper. He'd just walk along side of me while I delivered the other papers. I'd deliver to around 15 more houses before I had doubled back to the same house where the dog had lived. He would then go on his porch and resume his nap while I finished my deliveries. That dog was really cool. 
I feel like my depression would lighten a bit after petting a dog as magnificent as this
My dog just died, thank you for this
37 seconds of pure happiness 
Always let them smell you the first time. 
I have a German Shepherd that I had K-9 trained from the time he was just 12 weeks old until he was just over a year. He is very aggressive to strangers but very well behaved. I just recently found out that my mail lady has been feeding him treats and petting him for the last year. I am still in shock that he took to a stranger so quickly without me there to introduce them. Glad he made a friend though. 
Y U NO TALK TO DOGGO?!
Absolutely beautiful dog. Is this a German or a mix? 
You have yourself a nice amount of Karma
I thought you are watching naked woman, but you are grinning to a dog. (my gf checking what I watch)
That is a pretty dog. 
What brand of dog is this?
Puppersnoot.
Just a suggestion from a long time dog owner/trainer, you should let the dog smell your hand (doesn't really matter if facing up or down) especially while wearing gloves. Try not to go for immediate head scratches. It just takes a second but will really improve your interaction. 
Beware of doge. Will kill you with kindness.
Bring him with you! The owners might want him walking? And you need a newspaper delivery buddy!
Glad she was a good girl but if you watch you can see her flinch when you come over her head to pet her. Even the best doggos sometimes react to that motion. Safer motion is to start with an open palm and then come from the side with a pet. But that is an awesome work benefit to pet all the good fur babes!  
Never ever touch a dog you don't know if its owner isn't there!
Beautiful dog. Just a tip, if meeting a strange dog, approach with your hand from the side or from below. Note that when you approach from above at 15 seconds the ears drop and the head pulls back. If you're not super familiar with the dog, those can be signs that the dog is a little unsure. 
So sweet.both of you
They say that the beautiful angel dog is still being petted to this day.....
Blow your nose ffs
Good boy
Op u live in Denmark?
I mean, you're wrong...but you're right
Handsome fella : )
Adorbs.
This perfect dog. So much affection. They are better than us!!!
The love is real.
Save some of the adorableness for the rest of us, would ya? :)
“Another goodboye I meet when delivering newspapers”
 FIFY :)
That cuttie
THEY PET THE ~~DAMN~~  **GOOD** DOG!
Look at those eyes. The adorable innocent cuteness 
Where is my treat human?
Give him the newspaper you monster!
Can confirm: that’s a good boy
Aw he’s such a cutie!
Good doggo you have a hella nice job
I just love dogs, they brighten my day
The gate needs a "Pet the damn dog" sign.
Guardinus McWoolfdog alias "Kipy" showing good manners 
Amazing that she is not very barkative.  Very well trained.

You have the best job. To get to know the neighborhood pets! Lucky. 
What type of dog is this?
I’m disappointed I didn’t see you deliver the newspaper
Only criticism I have, is you didn't call her a good girl. Does she know she's the goodest girl? the bestest girl? Does she? DOES SHE?  
On a more serious note, this seriously makes me re-evaluate my career choices. No good bois/girls to scratch and bellyrub here...
Angry dogs are terrifying.

Good boys are better than baby cats.
Awwww he is so fluffy and sweet!

I am glad he got em pets
Most purely loving pupper.
This makes me want to get a job delivering newspapers
What a good looking boye, must be some odd mix.
Very good boi
Always a good idea to let a dog smell your hand first before you touch them. 
Who’s a good boy 
Just a possible tip I've learned about raising dogs of that breed, or any dog really. When you first introduce your hand, try and go hand flat to nose, before you reach behind their head. Just a safety thing. 

Lovely interaction though.
It looks so fluffy and soft
My dog would jump over the fence to meet every passersby 
Certified good girl
Watch out rubbing German Shepard’s necks... Dave letterman anyone?
Well, it's a good thing that you are not a mail carrier. Pooches HATE GETTING A NOTICE FROM NETFLIX TELLING THEM THAT THEIR RATES WILL GO UP!
Gold!
[deleted]
Best job ever? 
There’s no way my GS would be that friendly to a stranger 😂
Such a beautiful dog - I've ALWAYS wanted a German Shepherd but know that they're high energy and need to be worked and played with more than I'm able to commit to. Breaks my heart but it just wouldn't be fair to the dog for me to get one.  Maybe when I retire ☹️
Wait!  People still get newspapers delivered to their homes?  Sweet!
Newspuppers
Doggo: Pet me, pet me pls
Those eyes!!!!!
I think mail dogs need to be a thing, don't know what for but I need it.
good boi
the dogs i meet only bark behind the window and give me a jumpscare every time
Great, now I want to be a postman
Notice how the did turns to try and meet your hand when you first reach out? Instead of coming in over its head, come in with your palm up and let the dog sniff you first.
Hey Sharon where’s my biscuit? Waiting for that all day. 
Towards the end all I can hear the dog say is "squirrel! Oh hi I'm doug"
Wait that's my dog! GET OUT OF MY DRIVEWAY NOW! 
It’s a trap! Meant to distract you from your go of delivering sweet news to the masses. Dogs are getting smarter... we must act 
Ohhhhhhuuulala he’s so handsome
BIG FLOOF
Awh what a sweet soul.
Is that a german shepherd?
Most noble of creatures. 
My kind of POV 
Beware of Dog! Vicious kisser! Will snuggle without warning!
Another?

Time to check your post history. 

[*Awww cute lil puppers*](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/algvs6/one_of_the_dogs_i_encounter_while_delivering_the/)
hes like hey man can you take me to see the other dogs in the neighborhood? we can be back before my owner gets home hahaha
I need a dog 😭
I need this job!
I kinda want to be a mailman
You deliver the newspapers when there’s daylight!?
Blow your nose woman!
That's one big, gorgeous pup. 

All of my deliveries would've been late that day
I didn't know that was still a job, but it sounds fun to be able to meet all the neighborhood dogs
Where's the paper boy? I hope he comes by and brings me some good newsssss!
What a good pupper, not a single bark.
I wouldn’t put my hand out like that to an unknown dog. 
my thought process:   
   
"You take that glove off and pet him like the good boy deserves!"   
"Omg you did! yay."   
Hes looking for the treats 
Big adorable floof
Is it odd that I am noticing the amount of pavers on that property!?! Must have cost a fortune!
Srsly german shepherds look intimidating but are actually super adorable. I still cant nail it in my head
I wanna smoosh his face. What a good boy.
Can anyone tell me roughly what breed that is? My grandparents had one for the past 15 years and he passed away this winter. I would like to find a puppy to bring to them.
Awww he just wants some love and attention!
A majestic beast.
Wow what a majestic looking good boi
Words would have been good here. Sniffling is okay though. 
I love them. I love them so muuuuuuuccccchhhh.
I loveee him
She is so beautiful :) 
Thank you OP, this made my day. I miss my doggos :( 
What a beautiful dog!
S N O O T B O I I
It makes me happy to know that there is somebody who owns that sweet animal! How lucky they are!
Look 👏 at 👏 those 👏 ears👏
Waiting for his scritches 
worst guard dog ever, lucky you, I'd have a stack of papers left at the end of the day b/c I was too busy running around, throwing balls, etc
Big softy
I think I've met him before. I believe his name is good boy
*ANOTHER?* 
Aren’t you scared to pet some dogs? I know mine are fine when we’re around but very protective when we’re not 
PSA: when petting an unfamiliar dog (or any dog for that matter, but especially one that is unfamiliar to you) don't pet them by putting your hand over their head. Go for under the chin or the chest. 

https://m.petmd.com/dog/wellness/evr_dg_the-best-places-to-pet-your-dog
she's fucking beautiful, holy shit
I would die for that dog. 
That’s a great doggie face! 
Goooooood booooaaahhh r/reddeadredemption
Nederland?
THAT SNOUT! Adorbs. 

I think he likes you. 
That little smile-like look on its face at 00:28 melted my heart
Mortal enemies come together for a greater purpose....head scratchies
[deleted]
Anyone know what kind of dog this is? I’m guessing German Shepard mix?
How do you resist stealing him??
The mind that makes you never want to leave 
Animals just know. 
BEWARE OF CUTENESS
This is adorable OP! Just for your safety though, no matter how friendly a dog seems I would encourage you to introduce yourself to any dog you meet for the very first time by presenting a fist with your thumb tucked in for them to sniff.

 I work in a vet hospital and i've been snapped at by plenty of puppers that seemed stoked to see me because suddenly my hand wasnt cool. Obviously this dog is a good boi, I just dont want you to get hurt! A whole fist is harder to get a mouth around and sometimes teeth will hit flat against knuckles, whereas its easy to cause permanent damage to your exposed fingies or take one off. If they are cool with the fist they usually are cool for lovins!  Good luck on your journeys and thank you for the video!
Awe the best boy
Tip to inveterate petters: NEVER go for the head pet!! All animals expect a sniff-sniff first. DUHH!! If you don't or won't do a face to face sniff-sniff, then OPEN YOUR HAND UPWARDS and let them sniff it first. Avoid eye contact while you're doing this, like 'I'm chill.'

If they give you the fuck-off look or low growl, at least you were courteous and they'll leave it at that.

If they wag their tail or hang their tongue out, then you're good for a MUZZLE RUB. They will continue to use opportunity that to sniff your hand for aggression or fear smells. If they are still wagging their tail, THEN go for the direct eye contact and 'Good boy' soothing voice and an IN FRONT OF THE EARS scratch.

NEVER go for a behind the ears scratch! NEVER pat them on the head! They should teach this in school.
HE'S SO GOOD
Awe looks like my long haired GSD 
How long does it take you to build up trust with them?  When I go for a walk, some of the neighbor’s dogs are barking and going crazy like they want to murder me - how do you get from there to friends?
I love that she took her glove off so pupper could get a good wiff.
my smartphone stopped loading at the most [boye moment ](https://i.imgur.com/Dp7Upin.jpg) possible
Aaaaww she is the bestest girl! Not so much a guard, but she has hugs and kisses! <3 I love GS, I grew up with a ton of them. My parents bred german sheperds, and we went to shows all around the country :D  
Now I got a Chow, and he will fight any intruders. haha.
Dogs used to just try and bite my hand off as a kid when I used to do my paper route. Over here (UK) you gotta actually put the mail through the person's door, through a slit called "a letter box" which is a foreign concept to most americans, but it means dogs get super territorial and try to bite whatever goes through it.
Great, now when a burglar comes, he'll look forward to a new friend
Next time bring your hand in from underneath and let him/her smell. Coming in from over the top (pre-smell) is pretty aggressive.  
This dog was fine, but others might not be so friendly. 
When I delivered papers a dog chased me down the street
Hey, he/she looks like a great pup. Just a word of advice. When you're hand is approaching a dog, always come from underneath, let them smell you first, then make the final approach to pet. Coming from above puts them on edge or might cause them to become aggressive. If he/she has met you before, then that's fine. Also, please don't feed pups when their owners are not there. They may have special food requirements or may be on medication. It's great that you want to them a treat, but try clearing it with the owners first. Now go give him/her more scritches.
r/rarepuppers 
Perfectly placed yard area would be great for throwing a ball for a bit. But then your hands would be slimy... but so much happiness!
He has the sweetest old face in world 
My neighbor had these beautiful golden retrievers that showed up one day. My friend named them snarl and sniff. I didn't even know their actual names (I found out much later that they were named becky and jessica or some lame shit that doesn't make sense for a dog) because I never really saw the neighbor, and I was a kid, and even though she sold me her son's colecovision (I bet he was pissed; I see him there now, seems to be taking his time fixing up the property after his mom died a few years ago), we didn't talk ever as far as I remember. So I used to go over to the gate almost every time we'd get out of the car and pet them. I think it was pretty much the only attention they ever got, and they were always outside.  
  
Then one day my mom told me I couldn't do that anymore because the lady said it was messing up her wooden gate when they'd jump up to be pet. I offered to paint the gate as best a 10 year old could, but that was declined. So, I basically never got to pet the dogs again until I was a teenager and would sneak over every once in a while when I figured she probably wasn't looking to give them pets. Then, one day after I'd gone to college and wasn't around as much, they weren't there anymore.  
  
I guess the point of my story (not the case here, just reminded me of it) is that you should pet your dog. If you don't want to pet your dog... don't have a dog. And definitely don't have two dogs.
\>puppy fetching newspaper
I only see 1 dog on my round and he dislikes me :( 
Some dogs are old souls.
Oh my god you have the best job in the world! 
hims name is gunther
This looks so North Germany or Netherlands.
Soooo cuteee
He's hoping you might have food.

What a beautiful dog. 
I love her, what a sweet face!
I been in this yard and I sorely want petted

I wait for fren and no pets have I getted

Then you come along and I hope you are kind

And I find all the pets that I hoped I could find.

The hours alone can become awfully lonely

And the bone that I lick has become much too bonely

But you come when I sit all alone chin in paws

And sigh that a lonely dog is I was

And pat on my head to make me feel petted

forever indebted, forever indebted. 
Beautiful German Separate 🥰😍
I gotta get me a job that lets me take doggo breaks.
TIL paper routes still exist
Going straight for the throat I see... /s

What a beautiful and sweet dog though. Thanks for sharing.
You have the best job ever! Do you have any "regulars" ? I figure all the good girls and good boys must know you stop by about the same time every day
Man
So so great

And definitely need to go gloveless for that
when I was a  kid I used to deliver papers too and there was this big ginger retriever on my route. I remember in the winter on some cold days he was outside all happy and cheery. When I told my parents they called  the cops couple of times because his asshole owner would leave him out in the cold. He was such a friendly dog. we really don't deserve big lugs like this guy here...
Which breed is this
All this breathing 
Much ferocity. Very scare 
Mfw this is the closest I'll ever come to owning a dog 
Lijkt op Nederland 🤔
Your title makes it sound like you too are a dog.
Netherlands? 
Aww the doggo is so fluffy and pretty...
German Shepards are objectively awesome.
heckin cute!! 
Dogs are such good people.
such a cute face
ONG THAYS THE CUTEST THING EVER OMGOGGMG WHAT THE HOW ITS SO CUTE AND SOFF AN FLOOF AND KTNSHSUNNHIR #eeeh
Get back to work
Beton van het huis doet me denken dat dit in NL is

Goodboy doggo 
Risky move reaching for a dog's throat when they don't know you. Would not recommend.
Is this in Germany? The house looks super German to me
she's like "ok i like you and want the pets but pls i must continue to keep watch "
I wish i met dogs like this while i delivered newspapers, the ones i meet try to bite my arm off or jump the fence to me smh. 
I hope the owner of that dog knows that fence won't keep him in the yard if takes it into his head to go roving.
What the fick is my dog doing on the reddit front page
Definitely a good Boi.  I think he's a little lonely as well. 
“What are these strange things on your paws hooman? Oh well a scritch is a scritch!”
Omg such a wittle sweetheart 😍
Sounds like a nasty flu. Get well soon OP! 
As a delivery person you really need to remember that dogs can be very, very friendly right up until they deem you a threat to their property and their humans.  As nice as that dog seems, I wouldn't open that gate to go deliver something to the door.  The dog might undergo a monumental personality change just a few feet from where you're standing now.  A lot of times owners don't even KNOW that their dog has a "protection mode" because they're present when the dog meets strangers.  But if they AREN'T present, watch out.
Doggo’s excited for pets and the Sundy toons 
So good boi
Just a little tip. Always approach an unfamiliar dog palm up and under their chin like you're going to give them a treat. After they give you a good sniff, then you can move on to giving pats. Some dogs take raised hands as a threat.

Oh and obviously this only applies to unfamiliar dogs who appear friendly.
Aww. What a good fur baby. Not exactly the best watchdog, but you know, maybe if a bad guys comes around the property the Dogos mood changes. I've heard dogs can feel or have a kinda sense of good people or bad/scary people. I've only had cat's, been raised w/kitties but, I love dog's, well all animals honestly. I think dogs&cats can tell if a person has bad intentions. Could be an old wise/wife's tale, I'm not sure. LoL  It sounds like a really awesome power for them to have.😻 
When I use to do paper routes the German Shepherd waiting for me was named Chainsaw. Those were some scary times.
Sweet fluffer butt
That is a ridiculously beautiful dog, what breed is that? Looks like a German Shepherd but fluffier
Good Doggo
Are you working for FK?
Shepherds are the best dogs. Can’t change my mind.
r/rarepuppers
Yeah, just pet random dogs because that's totally safe!
First let the dog smell your hand, proceed with petting if he seems fine with it. Don't immediately put your hand over his head. Otherwise: aaaaaaaaaaaaaawwwww.
That's an excited /r/PeepingPooch, you should crosspost it there! :)
The architecture of the house, the bricks, the stones, it looks like a Dutch house. Am I right?
Such an adorable fur baby! Doggo deserves all the scritches! 
Worst guard dog ever. Not mad tho 
This goes on to show that no dog can be a guard dog.....They are just overpowered cuddly floofs
Not all are that friendly some are okay, but many of them dont like postmans well, been bitten few times because those people who opened doors they're dog just rushed at me. Nothing serious but stopped doing that job. 👀
The goodest of good bois
Awwww that‘s such a gorgeous GSD!
That is a large load of fluff and fuzz and dog. I like
I am going to become a mailman for this reason
Dogs are the best
Oh god.
Thats not a dog thats a damn bear I would be terrified to go within 10 feet of that dinky gate
So that’s why my newspaper smelled like dog today 
OMG such a good boi :))
Thank you for being so kind 
Good thing it wasn't a burglar!
I want a GSD so badly
Thank you! For petting the damn dog!
Always let them smell your hand first, don't just go for a scratch orso. It can freak them out. Just saying.  
Cute f\*cking dog tho!
I also saw a dog like that every morning, this just brings a smile to my face
Too cute!
L
Do you have any videos of other encounters per say?
'another' I found one more in your history, didn't want to creep soooo far back. So erm...please may we have more?
10/10 doggo. Would pet again.
Biscuits!  Fill your pockets with milkbones! Check with the owner first to make sure the dog can have one on a daily basis. I get the tinest ones. 
u/vreddit_bot
What’s type of dog is this? Shepard?
I could’ve watched this way longer than 30 seconds.
That's not very bright to walk up to a dog you don't know and stick your arm out and pet it. You're putting the owners at risk and yourself at risk by doing that. But hey, I guess if it gets thumbs up on Reddit that's all that matters.
I love him!!!!!!!!!!! 

(or her)
Fun fact, a great way to tell if a dog isn’t scared of you is if they look away and point their ears in the direction they’re looking while in close proximity to you. 0:21 is the perfect example of this. It shows the animal is comfortable ignoring you and doesn’t see you as a threat. 
Beware of the dog. - It wants scratches.
Is this the Netherlands? 
AWW Cute pupper doggo
We don't deserve dogs.
Das one good big ol boye
I would never finish my route.
Beautiful!!!
It makes me sad thinking you meet all these lovely dogs but never learn their names 
Beauty! 
Good doggo
Wait how can a German shepard be so calm? 
Which city in the Netherlands is that?
Boop boop good boi spotted initiating petting sequence. 
I WANNA MEET HIM
THE GOODEST PUP
Keeping those eyes peeled for un desriables, what a beauty.
Literal ball of happiness 
How you actually get your job done is beyond me.
long hair german shepherds are beautiful
The audio for the licking and sniffing is pretty cool.
I’m sure it’s already been said, but DO NOT FEED DOGS WHO AREN’T YOURS! There are rants on r/dogs by owners whose dogs have allergies and have to deal with this exact issue. It can be very serious. I know it comes from a place of good intention, but you could end up seriously hurting someone’s dog. 
Awww. Sweet baby. ❤️❤️
What a ferocious beast. 
He is so ready to get petted when the video starts. 
"Beware of Goodboi" 
u/vreddit_bot
Gosh, I love dogs 
blow your nose man
"BEWARE OF GOOD BOI"
Sweet pooch!
Oh my those eyes and snoot
My mail carrier wont even deliver mail if a dog is in our yard.  We dont have one right now, but our neighbor's dog sometimes comes over.  The dog is not very personable, but she is also not aggressive at all.  Still no mail delivery because the dog was literally just standing there looking at her.
I bet his name is Broly
That dog is a mouth kisser...and french...for sure
I usually don't think larger dogs are cute, but this one is adorable.
He was actually waiting for you. Adorable
I deliver pizza. After my shift I always tell my family about the dogs I met. Two weeks ago I delivered to a house with a wolf. 
That's a beautiful dog. 
Brown eyed floof ❤️ 
What a cutie!!!
My childhood dog looked just like that. He was gorgeous 
I want hims
Oh muh gusssh wut a big ole flooof
Aww what a cutie. :)
My dog wishes our mailman would pet him. He watches him longingly while he delivers the mail from his vehicle. It’s a sad sight. 
My dog would be barking his ass off.....
Boye needs a boop
Somewhere in The Netherlands?
More like "might as well drop off these newspapers while on my pupper petting route"
What a good pup
what a sweety!
who's dog is this?
This looks so dutch, are you dutch?
My bf's German Shepherd got put down recently, and this post just warmed my heart and reminded me of her, she was so sweet and loving. We miss her so much. Thank you for sharing this.
That is one good looking dog
What a fierce and vicious doggo
The way he licks his lips, he wants those snackums!
Long snoot 
Happiness overload
It would appear that even though Justice doggos enjoy pets, they are also on alert 24/7.
No wonder postmen take ages to get round :P :D

I'd try and make friends with all of them.
I've seen my fair share of good boys and I can assure you that this is one of them.

😍
I did that to an Akita once. First and only time I have ever been bitten by a dog. It looked so friendly...
This is freakin’ cute. You met a really cool dog and while the majority are probably similar to this little pup, some could look just as playful/curious as this one but give you a very different response. 

I’m talking about the first hand motion. The over the top motion of dogs you’re unfamiliar with or  even vaguely familiar with can be dangerous and produce a bite. Go for the under the chin scratch you ended with *after* you put out a loosely balled fist in front of their snout for them to smell/lightly touch you. That two second trust build will either relax the dogs’ anxiety or give you enough time to know they don’t want to continue with the interaction you’re going for. Going over the dogs face and head can worry them and trigger a nip or bite. 
Who’s a booper
Beautiful dog. I want my first dog to look like him❤️😭❤️
Mailman, Id rather you do this than kick my dog and have it bite you.
My westie also goes into full rage on our mailman. Irony is, the home where she was born, the owner was a mailman XD She even recognizes the mailman's moped from super far away and isn't bothered by other random mopeds driving past. It's quite funny actually.

This one is certainly a good doggo tho. Just look at his happy eyes :)
Beware of snoot.
Can you imagine the noises dogs would make if they could purr?
Handsome pooch. 
What a cute dog!!! You happen to know the race? GSD or Tervueren?
That is one big snoot
Omg she/he looks so soft is she/he soft?!
He’s so nice! Pit bulls and other dogs bark at me
How close the eyes are and facial features reminds me of Dug from Up :( ...
Awe💕
I couldn't believe it for a minute.
That's a fricking German shepherd.
What a good pupper! Must be so much fun to come across a dogo while working. Be careful petting strange dogs over the head though. Some don’t know your intension, I’d start by petting them under the chin first so they know you mean no harm.
I definitely said "Who's a good boy?" out loud as you approached the pooch.  What a beautiful pup.
My neighbor's pit bull barked at me until I gave her a treat. Then she was my best buddy. They're SO easy to bribe.
Making tons of dog friendships is not a perk I would have considered for newspaper, mail, and package delivery jobs!
This house looks dutch?
I love these stupid dogs. Why do they have to be so damn cute and make my day?? Stupid furball!!
How do you pet the pupper without making high pitched illegible noisewords ?
Asking for a friend
German Shepherds make rubbish guard dogs! I’ve never met a pet one who isn’t a big softy.
If this was a cop investigating a call, that dog would be shot dead.
Today is my bday and everyone is celebrating for my day except for me (aka Chinese New year :P)
Unfortunately, all the dogs I meet on my paper round seem to just bark at me from the other side of a locked door. 
It's my muscly armed paper boy coming to deliver me some good news
71k upvotes for a dog being a dog. Go outside and you'll see this. 
It should be government policy to have mail carriers wear body cams and upload all doggo footage.
What kind of dog is this? Looks like a mix between a German Sheppard and another breed.
I think he's expecting food 😂
We do not deserve dogs. 
Most dogs on my old route were awesome, but a few just wanted to eat me.
That is one good dog 
You don't just haphazardly throw them at driveways from the car like everyone else?
FLUFFY BOI!  Also worst guard dog ever.
That is one fluffy dog 
He’s a good boy :)
Do you know what she is mixed with? So cute! I want one just like her. I've always liked German Shepherds, but I love her fluffy coat.
A lost art...
U have been blessed by daily fence pupper.
This was my favorite part of delivering car parts! So many of the local owned autobody shops have dogs, so I’d give the parts, get the invoices signed and spend a good few minutes petting their dogs and asking about them.

My favorite was a pug owned by a guy who worked out of his own garage. He was so ugly that it was kind of cute, his tongue would hang out the side of his mouth and he stunk so bad, but that never stopped me from petting him. Every time I delivered there id have to rush back to the store and wash my hands. Felt bad for the little guy, but he was too sweet.
What a cutie!! Daaawe
I love that the dog is clearly big enough to jump that fence but doesn’t because he’s a good boi
Glorious coat, that one.
Never known a bad day in his life. I love that.
If this was my dog, this would have gone to 

r/whatcouldgowrong 
Hose people are lucky to have you as their newspaper guy. If it were me, I would have taken that dog home with me and not felt bad.
Don't just randomly pet people's animals, even if they appear friendly.

Thanks. 
Sign reads "Beware of Good Boi"
I know everyone loves videos of cute animals and shit but doesn't anyone have respect for other people's animals anymore? I wouldn't want my cat   being let into people's house or my dog receiving treats from strangers delivering paper. some things aren't your choice to make. I know that some of the supposed rescue animals in this sub are actually stollen pets and this sub just validates taking animals you find in an alley. it's the same as giving food or handling a strangers child. bring on the hate comments, y'all know I'm not spouting bs anyway. 
i always rub my dogs chin or underside of her snout without thinking about it
aww
SQUIRRELS !!!!!

&#x200B;
What a luv 😍
Beautiful dog. Horrible guard dog! :)
"Wanna be my friend?"
"What's a newspaper?"
-everyone under 20
So friendly! 
A proper guard dog, I see.
Germans ) 
Awwww he's such a sweetheart.
It isn't very good at being a watch-dog. 
I was totally waiting for OP to put a rolled up paper in doggo's mouth
Aw, I walk a Shep and this has just made me miss her even more! I love giving her cuddles. 
Bring that good boi a treat! 
If you deliver on foot, you should roll in dog walking, make some extra bucks. 
When camera zoomed in on his muzzle, I had to really stop myself from kissing phone screen on public train.
This dog is so cute! This made my day thank you! 
What a beautiful dog! Lucky you!
pet me pet me... bunny... ok pet me more
What a big woofer 
Beautiful wolf
the maple kind, yeah.  Then what'd you do?
He looks SO FLUFFY
Am I the only one that finds this somewhat weird, like a stranger just coming and petting my dog without my knowledge wouldn’t be very cool with me, like a stranger and your kid lmao. still a cute pupper nevertheless 
Excuse me. This is not a dog. This is a puppy.
such sweet and kind eyes!!! thank u for sharing :’)
Aww what a good fluffy boi
OK, I read it way too creatively, thinking that the dog is delivering newspapers.
Avengers theories are making me crazy, eh? 
When I delivered mail for the post office, dog owners would be like; "be careful, he'll bite you."  
I would casually say it's okay and walk right up and pet the dog.  
Don't spark fear, and you're usually okay. There was one labrador I did not fuck with though. I left those packages at the end of the driveway, as the dog sat inches away in an invisible fence.
I use to work security at a truck gate, many truckers have dogs with them for the company, so the truck gate was always filled with dog treats. While the truckers were doing their paperwork I would pet the dogs 
That dog is so sweet!
Beautiful 
I personally would like random people coming up and touching/feeding my dog.
Dogmeat ? Is that you buddy ?
You don't just haphazardly toss them out of your moving car like my paper people?
Beware of..... CUTENESS 
Awww he's the best boy <3
As much as I love these kind of things, I just realized they are kinda contaminating the newspapers for anyone with dog allergies...
No bork today, only love.
WHO'S A GOOD DOG?!?!?!?
Look at that big old goofy face
Vicious attack dog!!!
Dogs are class
Always let the dog smell your hand first, PLEASE
He is so cute.
The mail carrier for most of my childhood always brought treats for my golden retriever, Maddie.  I would always play with that dog for hours following the delivery.  Those were some of my fondest memories.
Imagine being a robber stopped to pet the dog for 2 hrs lol
Google news is all you need?
I would 100% be the worst mailman ever because of constantly doing this.   
I'm sorry. I dont understand. You meet bunches of dogs and still manage to deliver newspapers...?
u/sockgnomes 
"my name is terry and i love kisses" 
Omg that's actually the goodest boi.
Is that a Leonberger?
When I had a route and collected every two weeks, I learned to jam a foot against the front door as the people with dogs would swing it open releasing mutts. Duh.
How do you only have 15k karma with a 88k post tf?
Whoze a gud boi? Yuz a gud boi!! Yesss youz isss!!!
Dont go for the head for first pets. Chest or chin are better. Dogs don't like head pets or any reaching over upon first meet 
So pure it's tangible.
Are you dutch?
Look at that snoot! 
canada post told me if my dog is outside theyll mace them.
Pointy bear
What a beautiful pupper, absolutely gorgeous.
So hatd to walk away
What is this breed? 🤔
Man I thought you were going to give the dog the newspaper.
Do people still read newspapers?
I need to know how that good boy stays in his yard. A fence you say?  My pup [Ludo](https://imgur.com/a/9Fly6) just thinks they are fun things to jump over. -.-
What wonderful thing did we do to get dogs? 
That's no dog, they hate mailpeople!

That's an angel. 
Precious.
I'm a pool guy and I never get dogs like this. 😫

the greatest boi
Long haired german shephard ?
Everytime i meet a random dog I can't not talk to it the entire time I pet it. "What pup? Yeaaaah" am I weird or nah
Awww! He/She reminds me of my pups, Luna. :3
And we got to meet 'em too!!
Aww so cute
Oh, thats a good puppo! 
My neighborhood is filled with friendly dogs! Now I know why my mail is always late...
All the dogs on my street just go sicko mode barking at me so annoying 
That’s a good boy
Man that would suck doing it during the day. Iv been doing it for 3 years and way too many people up after 5 am. Start 12 am most days 
Awwwwww what a sweet face 😍
Long hair German Shepherds are the best. They just want to get petted!! They are great with kids and are lazy! 
BE AWARE OF cute fluffy puppy!
u/vreddit_bot
Awwa he looks just like my Axel! Would snuggle!
BE AWARE OF cute fluffy puppy!
i was expecting you to give the newspaper to the dog..
OMG that dog is perfect
Awww his eyes are so brown 🥰so cute!
good boy!! :) :)
What breed would this dog be?
Looks like a fluffy German Shepherd.
Dogs with this type of intensity usually have lovind people that care for them. 
What a sweet fluffy boy
I must pet this majestic beast, what a beautiful animal 
What breed of dog is that? Such a good doggo 
snoofus goofus!
Such a gentle old boy.
Totally in love!!!!
That’s a good boy
Why do dogs do that quick glance over to you when they’re staring off in the distance at something? 

It’s like a reassuring thing but I don’t know how to describe it!

Cute though
Forget the is it getting hot in here? Oh wait that’s just my heart melting. Bless that doggo
Upvotes for the goodest girl
You're supposed to let it smell your hand first.
Doggies just melt my heart. Look at that face....sigh...
For a non-cat, that's a beautiful dog. I do like the GermShep brand.
Our sheperd mixes cousin.  Such a sweetie.  We lost our 14 yo girl right after Xmas. 
Oh god! I miss call of du..  Squirrel!!
OMG THATS MY BROTHERS DOG!!!!
Anyone know the exact race this dog is? I scrolled through the comments and didn't find anything 
He looks like the dog that jumped out if it's owners car window into another car for KFC
Where do people still order newspapers? I only see the little dispensers every now and then
What a Sweetums!
Please, always extend your arm for a dog to sniff before touching them. Reaching into their periphery, especially straight in on the top of their head or around their ears, really increases the chance of getting bitten.

Beautiful German Shepherd, though.
Ok I want that dog
Definitely a puppy.
This dog teaches u good petting etiquette when it comes to petting dogs that are not your own, never over the head, they don't like it, always at the side or on the chest.
I feel it's just obvious OP knows this dog. This video isn't likely from their first meeting.
The dog has no newspapers, he's not a good boy
Why the sniffles? Crying, allergic, cold weather?
Really should let a dog get your scent before you go on full scratching him like that, most get timid if they're not aggressive because they don't know who you are and you go to pet them
That husky sounds adorable.  Huskies are so chill. (no pun intended)  I've got an English pointer that is excessively friendly and wants to hug everybody, but she ESPECIALLY wants to hug anybody who is afraid of dogs, so we have to keep her on a tight leash when we walk her.
So, I already had some people putting this video on other media and I'm just gonna say this real quick:

I'm totally fine with that, as long as you credit me(reddit account). But do tell me if you do so. 

&#x200B;

Thanks in advance
And here we go again: 

I know this dog and the people for months now. Please stop thinking this is the first time I ever see this dog. 
German Shepard's are such awesome breeds! Very Cute. 
Ok, New life goal: meet as many dogs as possible.


Nederland?
Aww
u/vreddit_bot
This is bullshit when I delivered with ups dogs would just bite me 
Do people ever get wierdly angry when you stop to love their pets? Like if I had a dog I'd want them to get all the pats from everyone but some people are just assholes for no reason
