Her brain says “no” but her stomach says “treats”
"Levitation wasn't in the job description" 
All her instincts say "no" except for the one that says "free food".  I love that she walks on the bar.
[Source here.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NcIr-bmIE0g) Her name is Hope, a service dog in trainning.

Edit: Sometimes I wish I could edit the title of my post. I would've changed it to "service dog IN TRAINING", so some people can chill the fuck out.
That looks like the Utah Museum of Natural History. I, too, feel weird walking on the two spots like this. I know that it is capable of holding me, but still, it's a weird feeling to walk on. I don't understand how others walk so confidently like it's normal.
Service dogs and even just normal dogs do best when socialized as young pups, meaning having them walk across all types of floors, grass, concrete, gravel, etc. Anything you don't expose them to as pups can lead to them having anxiety when they experience it later in life. That's why you sometimes run into "racist" dogs or dogs who freak out when they see a person wearing a hat or using a walker. It's a new thing they've never experienced before. Service dogs have to be calm and confident no matter what they see so exposing them to as many different things as possible when they're younger is the best way to establish confidence.

&#x200B;

source: guide dog raiser and dog owner
Dogs would literally walk across beams for us. Their loyalty is unreal 
She definitely just wants to get to the other side. Good on her trainer though for spending some time and helping her to conquer her initial fear. 

13/10 brave golden floof 
I love the solid "nope" at the beginning
I really hope that this dog does not walk off a cliff thinking that she can now fly.
*Isn't quite all on the black beam* .... "I'm such a good balancer." 
So smart to walk on the beam!  I do that, too.  You just never know.
15/10 for Bravery! Good Dog!
This is possibly a dumb question, but: would it be dangerous to show a dog that it's okay to walk on a glass floor like this? Can they then distinguish between glass floors and actual exposed high places?
Actually very smart.  If there is a crack in the floor, where would you want to be standing?
We have a popular path through the woods that crosses over a large brook by a wood plank floored bridge. the planks are about 1/2" apart and despite having walked this path for a couple years, we have to carry our pit-boxer girl over it every time...
If only we could all face our fears with such bravery!
I cheered when she stepped off the bar.
What's interesting is theres a point where a human baby develops depth perception, one day they will fearlessly crawl to mom over a glass floor with a pit beaneath it, the next day they won't. Dogs go through that very same cognative change as puppies. As a breeder I expose them to this at a very young age. I'll post my next litter to my YouTube channel.
Someone did a study like this but with babies.

They built a table that was half wood and half glass, put the baby on the side with the wood, and then asked the mother to walk over to the glass side and call the baby. Every single baby would crawl towards their mom until it reached the beginning of the glass, look at it, and then look at their mom again. If the mom made a frowny/scared face, the baby wouldn't budge. If the mom smiled, the baby would crawl over the glass towards her.
The woman was a "service human" for the dog that day
Dogs are amazing. They don’t even question human’s ability to fly. 
"human i need some servicing now"
She's watching out for danger, that's called doing a great job!
Thanks for visiting the Natural History Museum of Utah! You’d be surprised how often this happens with dogs and toddlers! 
I'm the same as doggo tho. 
She'd walk off a cliff for treats
Just proof that dogs think we are magic wizards who can float from time to time 
So smart and so brave!
Awww she’s like “listen Linda, listen   noooo we can’t just..... wait are you floating? I can’t float I’ll just stay here on this tiny strip of floor.” Nervous paw out “ok I guess”
Dogs (cat's too) have a very hard time seeing glass and other transparent things like water. So this is a lot more terrifying than you might think
Cutie doesn't know its hind legs are on the glass
Utah Natural History Museum?
Now that dog is gonna wall off a balcony thinking there is glass there
dog is both braver and cuter than me.
Great example of positive reinforcement training. <3
The courage on that dog, to walk the beam, when it thought there was no floor, is commendable 
HOOMAN! I do not wear antigravity shoes like you! I must walk on the beams!
This dog is actually hecka smart for walking on the rims
*dog
I love the patience. I love everything about this.   

Goodboye and good handler 
I don’t blame the dog, I don’t like walking on them either. 
"this wasn't in my training."
No joke, when we went to the Lotte tower in seoul, this was 100% me in the glass floor part.  


Nobody gave me treats and skritches though. I just got laughed at.
I love that he’s attempting to walk on the beam 
Golden's are so pure
Service *dog*. Unless you're a baby, it's just called a *dog*.
Wonderful video. Hate the word doggo. 
Upvote for cuteness n downvote for use of "doggo"
This is in salt lake City
Note to self, if ever invaded by dog ppl, place glass floors everywhere.
Walks the line.
Now when there is a cliff, its gonna walk off it. 
Utah Natural history museum represent!
Is this at the natural history museum in the Salt Lake area?

I went there a couple years ago and it's pretty cool. They have a lot of exhibit a that are displayed in cool ways like the glass floors. 
It might be a service dog in training but that's not a fully trained service animal. I have fostered rescues that are being vetted for service training. Before I get them they've been selected based on their general disposition of energy level and how they are around other animals and people. When I get them they have little or no training of any kind. I do basic obedience and exposure training where they wear a vest. During the exposure training I usually go to building centers, outdoor malls and places where potty accidents are a little easier to deal with. Sometimes a dog that's being subjected to new and complex environments will eliminate. It's almost an immediate deal breaker for being a service animal and only one that I worked with washed out because of that. Someone got an amazing pet from him. He was a super sweet Doberman that was extremely smart and obedient. He just got too stressed out about big machines and carts and things like that.

Anyway, you have to expose dogs to stairs, dissimilar floor surfaces, perforated serfaces, mechanical doors and lifts. A lot of dogs don't like super smooth surfaces or metal plates. This dog is refusing their handler and needs more training. Taking a dog to an indoor shopping mall is a big test. Everything is polished and the floor plan is completely non-obvious. It can be a lot for a dog that's there in the service of their human. The scene playing out here could undo a lot of training. 
Is this a sort of training that service dogs go through? Oddly specific if so. Otherwise are the owners just helping the dog cause it got scared?
I relax when someone feeds me treats too
"I know YOU'RE magical, but I can't walk in the air. I'm just a dog!"
poor guy, all his instincts are telling him not to step out into thin air
I don't know how you're doing that human, but I cannot hover.
I like how she's staying on the beam just in case...
Dogs must think we are damn wizards, and we think they are the bavest of bave creatures, willing to follow their flying masters across invisible floors. 
I’m gonna pull this move next time I have to walk on glass floor, and see if someone will feed me treats to keep me motivated 
Do dogs have a hard time seeing glass (compared to humans, at least)? I've seen lots of dogs get confused by glass doors. They either try to walk through the glass door (once) or don't walk through an open door because they think there's glass. Does their vision make it hard for them to distinguish between glass and not glass? 
Would you do it for a Scooby snack?
“Careful, careful”
"You hoomans are crazy to walk on magic floor" 
This video seems to be taken at the Utah Museum of Natural History. If I’m not mistsken, this pup is a part of the Labs for Liberty program. They partner with the University of Utah so that students foster puppies and expose them to as many experiences as possible so when they go to school to become certified service dogs they are better prepared. When I was training a puppy, this was one of the things we had to do in order to get our dog to the next level. 
came here specifically to downvote every comment containing "doggo" and "hooman"
I'm all for service dogs when they are actually needed. This situation bothers me because as stated by many others, this is not a good thing to train a service dog for. 

My other issue is that I have a severe allergy to dogs. I have noticed an increased number of "service" animals in the Mid-Atlantic and based on the behavior of many of the animals, people are abusing the right to use them as a therapy. It's not that hard to see a patch on a vest.

I have never in my life regularly seen so much dog shit inside public buildings.. it's getting to me.
This is a great lesson in dog training. I have learned more from this one video than most of /r/Dogtraining. Then again, I’m not great at learnin’ new fangled idears.
That’s annoying just sitting on the floor in the middle of a Museum exhibit with your dog  
Isn’t this the museum of natural history in NYC?
Is she.....me?
He thought he was walking the tight rope, hahahaha!
He's like "wtf. This was never mentioned in my training. I'm not prepared for this"
I wanna just go over and pick him up and give him nonstop belly rubs telling him that it s ok.
Can't blame the poor thing. I get super anxious walking on glass floors, too. 
*leads blind person over a cliff*

Damn, my powers worked at the museum...
are golden retrievers the best dogs or what?
Would this be a part of her training? 
Walking on that wearing a dress would be super awkward. 
Walking on the bar is amazing. What an intelligent girl.
Got a push notification for this. Not even mad.
 How are these people flying in the air like that 
there are so many things to think of when trying to train a service dog! it always amazes me when I see something like this and I'm like "woah! I didn't even think about that part!" 
I agree with the dog! If I had poor eye sight, how could I just trust that one of those pieces of floor isn’t actually missing = the certain brake of my legs?
I trust this service dog. I wouldn't walk on that shit without freaking out either.
The fact the dog went to walk on the beam really surprised me, smart dog.
The way he gravitated towards the structural support poles. ☠️☠️
Learns that floors can be invisible. Leads blind man off the balcony 
Its all fun and games till next time the dog thinks theres a floor and there isn't.
"How are they doing this?!"
Is this treat worth possibly falling to my death? Yea I guess so
Dogs brain...
Whoa whoa whoa, how are you magical wizards not falling through the floor.


I love how he's trying to walk on the beams but some of his paws are on the glass
The next day she walked her owner off a cliff. 
"Everything I believe is a lie."
- that dog, maybe

I think my absolute favorite thing about this video is how patient they are with the puppy!!! Not rushing them, not forcing them to get on the glass 😍. Love good animal handlers.. 
Oh, he is so cute!
The next day the dog fearlessly walked them both off a cliff.
Smart dog. Only a fool would walk on that glass without thinking twice. 
OMG master, I didn't know you could float! Wow, you're always amazing. OMG I love you so much, you are so talented!
Dogs thought process at the beginning:

1. Of course master can levitate. 
2. You want to me walk across this tiny bar and potentially plummet to my death? Cookie? Ok. 
Drop the treat.
That's incredibly adorable
Why did the service dog crossed the glass floor?
I remember that part of Anor Londor in Dark Souls. 
*LOOK DOWN, LOOK DOWN, LOOK DOWN*
“Balancing on this beam wasn’t nearly as difficult as I thought it would be”
Can we just acknowledge how intelligent it is that dog tried to walk on the support beam. Like obviously it's difficult for animals but that was an amazing attempt of one paw in front of the other.  Despite the other paws touching the glass. It was a strong attempt
I am also terrified of heights and to be able to see the floor under me scares the shit out of me. It's natural.
Doing its job. Beautiful. Thank you for this.
That is the natural history museum in Salt Lake City Utah 
He was only comfortable on the opaque tiles. He was scared to death and confused on the others.  What a weird concept to grasp for an animal. 
Such a good, smart, articulate girl. 
Poor baby id be scared too
In his mind he went from Barnum level trapezist to our Lord and Labrador Jesus Christ. 
She thinks she's actually balancing on that steel thing like "wow I am really good at this"
Dog's like: "What is this sorcery, Hagrid?"
Strange, programs usually cover things like introducing the dogs to stuff like this. 
what happens the.nedt time its.no5 a glass floor? RIP.
This is cute but at the same time I feel like it's teaching the dog not to stop a blind person from walking into a pit because 'well last time it was fine and I got treats..'.

Y’all I am with that dog that would make me nervous as fuck and look how smart he is to stay over the beam. 
Wonder what would have gone down if this was a seeing eye dog. Like, nah master, there's a cliff there; Let's turn back. 
I love the concentration on the front paws... the rear ones, on the other hand, would have already been off the beam haha
Now maybe the dog thinks he can balance walk on beams pretty darn good lol
Thinks his life is at risk. Still reaches for treat 😂😂😂
He probably thinks he has superpowers now. 
Sorcerers attempt to trick a good friend into falling down.
I don't know how my human is hovering in mid-air, but then again, humans *are* capable of mystifying feats.
My pup is a failed service dog that washed out of the program because of this kind of thing. He isn't a fan of transitions from carpet to anything that's shiny, like marble or tile. He will eventually walk on it, but he hesitates and resists for a minute before he gets up the courage to do so. That could cause problems for a blind person, so he flunked out.

That's fine with me though, because I got a highly trained good boy. He was a year and a half old when I got him, and he had finished about 75% of the training program before he flunked out. And now he's over those anxiety issues too. We take walks on the frozen lake and there's no hesitation at all. 
Those who help sometimes need help as well
This is how loving encouragement overcomes fear.
Doggo has good instincts tho! Creeping over on the beams like, "what if it breaks!?"
The line looks safe enough...what a smart boy.
The hoomans are not behaving in a safe fashion...
This is really hard for doggies to do their instincts tell them it's not safe . Its impressive that they train them in this.
He’s using the support beam I can’t 😭
That dog is going to walk off a building one day and this video wont be so funny anymore.lol
Don't worry good doggie,I would be scared,too!
I'd know that floor anywhere! Natural History Museum of Utah, Salt Lake City. 
This is an actual service dog.  Not some POS's "therapy dog." 
Unless they somehow train the dog to provably tell the difference between glass and nothing, the next blind guy to get this dog is toast.
Considering the dog’s perspective they’re so brave. That’s one good doggo 
Now take the dog on that sky bridge in China that cracks when you walk on it!
Haha love that museum.  Got to see the Viking Exhibit there last year 2 times.  Their dino area is super well done.  That floor unsettles me even after walking on it 4 times.  Lol
'Wow, I'm a fabulous balancer! Perhaps I should ditch the hooman and make it big in circ de Soleil...'
This is really great, just make sure he doesn’t try to chase a treat right off the roof of a building.
1 week later, walks off a cliff. 
Think of how brave that is, trusting someone enough to go against everything your sense are telling you. It would bug me and i know what glass is.
I'm with the dog on this.
I wouldn't want to walk on there tbh(always have had a fear of falling), doggo seems wise to me! 
“Uh, sorry I don’t have flying powers like you.”
I really don't like this. I don't know much about tour mental capacity of dogs, but I feel like it wouldn't understand glass. This is mean and probably bad for its job.
Don’t be upset when this service dog walks someone over a cliff. 
Poor dog is gonna fall into a hole tomorrow thinking it's glass 
This trend in service dogs for people who don't really need them but just want to take a dog everywhere is really annoying.
Obviously reposted. I saw this under the name "2 humans try to get dog to jump in hole." on Reddit for Non-Humans
I, too, would try to stay on the beams. 
This dogs gonna start trying to walk on thin air soon 
Now I'm wondering if this dog is going to go charging off a cliff because it expects glass to be there
Before I could sort by new, saw this at the top.  Had to upvote.

&#x200B;
damn... this makes me feel like a bad dog dad.  
my parents got me my boy when i returned from overseas. transition is always rough and so he helped me a lot, and because of that im overly protective.  
we have come upon many instances like this. and instead of being patient with him and helping him learn, ive always picked my "baby boy" up and carried him.   


big think now that i have a kid. yeesh
will you do it for aa...scooby snack?
Damn that's a smart dog
That museum looks VERY familiar.
She looks like she's trying to tightrope 😭❤️
/u/florentater !!
Great now that poor dog is going to walk right off the roof of a skyscraper and it's all her fault
Ah hah!  Teh secruff (secret) is to be close to magic lady and me fly too! 
Dog. Just say dog. 
The next day, we see a story about a blind person being led off a cliff by their service dog. 
"that is great that you humans can float in the air and stuff but I'm just a dog"
Smart dog.  People are so messed up
What a good dog. You can tell she wants so bad to trust the humans but instinct makes it so hard.  She is working so hard to overcome that instinct!
Sorry, but what's inside the glass floor? Bones? 
That dog has great balance 
AWWWWWWWWWWWWW 

UwU
Ever wonder if the dog things those humans are gods who can fly in the air?
Isn't the idea to train her \*not\* to walk off edges? hah....
"Hoomans! You does not understand! I do not possess the magics you have... I will surely fall!" 
We do not deserve dogs
Way too confusing for the dog.
"I can reach the treat from here"
I love this. it shows that service animals are always training. every new situation is a chance for them to learn something! a lot of people think that service animals just magically know how to navigate the world after a few months of training.
You see me ,I'm kind of an asshole, I would just throw my dog on the glass, find Amusement out of his reaction and quickly force him to realize that there is nothing to worry about, 5 seconds later he'd be jump in circles for how excited he is to accomplish such a huge task. that women's got patience. 
Risking her life for a snack, that's a golden alright
Imo, smart dog. Knows that the contractors may have installed subquality glass flooring and sticks to the beams.
This bothers me
2 hours later he walked off a roof.
first thought was "shouldn't the support dog be helping the owner across?" :)

Then, I thought it was cute.

THEN, I thought "maybe training animals to think stepping into  a void of openness against their better instincts might not be a good idea?"
This is a real service dog, this is the type of dog you take on an airplane, restaurants, movie theaters, and any place else you can think of a human actually goes. to all you people out there without a real service dog but claim it to be, 

You're piece of shit. 

And all you're doing is hurting the people who actually have one.  
> "I do not like this magic floor, but I trust you human."

We don't deserve dogs.
I hate glass floors too!! They don’t make sense. Smart doggie. Also, so cute. 
So. I'm going to say this isn't an actual service dog. But someone bought a jacket and put it on them. 

So much trust from this good girl.
Very cute doggo, but why doesn't she show the dog that you can step on it by standing in the middle of the glass und stepping around?? Instead she stands/sits on a beam herself. How is the dog to supposed to know?
Service doggie needs service doggo 
She is so brave. 

I can't imagine what the equivalent for a human would be but I imagine it would be otherworldly aliens trying to demonstrate something simple to them but mind blowing to us. 
I'd have just dragged the dog onto the glass. 
That service dog needs a service dog.
My favorite part is that she is obviously scared, but she loves her so much she goes anyway
These wizards wave their hands against walls and the sun comes on and now they are freaking flying. Time for me to nope right.... Oh free food! 

Seriously though, Im kinda worried teaching this dog he can walk on things he can see is going to lead to something tragic
So brave ♥️
In my head I was sad because I was thinking “if this is going to be one of those situations with the illusion of the glass shattering I’m going to be so upset for that poor doggo”.


I’m glad I was wrong! We don’t deserve dogs.
My hooman is a magic no fally floaty-feet. 
This is the cutest damn thing I have seen in awhile! The fact that he was trying to walk on the rail means that's one smart doggo.
😭 good boy
"That's good! You've taken your first step into a larger world."
SO DAMN CUTE
Is that Ray Romano behind the camera?
So adorkable :)
"My human may be magical but I am not and will surely fall through the floor!"
Carol! Get ON THE BEAM!!
I feel you, I don’t like walking on glass floors either
probably thinks it can levitate now lol 
This reminds me of that one traumatic event I had visiting my moms office in the city. I might be crazy but I was 100% sure there was no floor and I was balling crying hands and knees on the floor trying to cross the floor. This may be my earliest memory, because it was when my Mom worked in finance after her series 7 and she became an accountant shortly after. 

I have to say that was one of the scariest moments of my life. That and riding a bike at midnight home after watching The Village, for some reason I was randomly scared I was peddling so fast 
I wonder if he thinks hes the jesus of dogs
I love the little “patpatpat” with the paw towards the end, as she’s testing it really is safe. So cute! 
Me at WWI museum here in KC, nope not doin it 😾
I love that museum

What SORCERY is this?! 
Now try the Chicago glass floor
How are you flying??? Can I fly? 
“Oh shit it’s actually really easy to balance on this thing”
The dog is supposed to help the person, not the other way around.

It's cute that free food is why she finally accepts to walk on the glass floor.  
What kind of service dog?
What a truly destabilizing moment for that pup
just don't get it to walk along any roof rafters in the future.
Not only dogs struggle with this problem..
Thank you for
This
dear lord my heart 
"Wut da heck Linda."
Soo smart and cute!!❤
She is so adorably silly it melts my heart
Doing him a confusion
Training to be a skydiver service dog?
This is at NHMU!! Love that place! 
Dogs must think we're Gods... "They can walk on air?!"
Wait I know this place. Is this the Natural History Museum of the University of Utah? It looks exactly like it! I h ave walked over that glass with the Dinosaur bones!
"I fear falling to my death. No.. wait... snacks."
So precious 
Cute.  I like how her compromise was to walk on the bar (because it naturally looks more solid) and then on the one panel that looks frosted/cloudy/dirty.  Then once she was on that panel and felt safe she was ok with the others.  
This is sooooo old, but still adorable 
Aww soo cute T___T
Good pup
This is a much better way to get a dog out onto a glass floor. I get so enraged by the video of people pulling their dogs forcefully out onto glass floors just to watch them freak out.
My dog would just make face then causally walk on with me after a delicate tug 
Dog is brave af.
Cutest thing ive seen a while
WHAT IS THIS SORCERY
He simply wants to gnaw on those sweet, sweet bones he sees.
This looks like the Utah Museum of Natural History. It's a pretty cool museum if you're ever in SLC.
That poor dog is going to walk some blind person into a pit now... 
Also, the bones didn’t help. 
I can’t blame her. Think about those glass bridges, and balcony pools and penthouse pools with the piece that reaches out over the edge of the building. I know that they’ve been calculated to have safe construction but I’ll nope right out of there anyway. 
This museum is in my hometown and it is so so cool. Some of the best dinosaur fossils I’ve ever seen! 
Well, well, well, how the turntables.
This dog is going to accidentally walk off a canyon because someone’s eating a hot dog on the other side
I feel like this is a dangerous thing to teach a dog
Imagine that dog on the glass bridge that pretends to crack when stepped on
T i p t o e b o y e
The glass is lava
Hooman walking on air how do?
Poor baby! She’s so freaking cute. 
I balance! No fall!
Glad this wasn’t one of those glass cracking pranks 
Me too buddy. I hate glass floors and glass walls.
What is this black magic? You've obviously made some sort of pact with the devil and I'll have no part of it.
Oh my gosh this is the best thing I have ever seen 
How adorable 
I hate those glass cowlings/floors. They don't even consider that women wear skirts or dresses - or worse they do consider that and don't care about it. 
This was me at the CN tower in Toronto last year, except I didn't have anyone giving me snacks for being brave.  
She found the safe square!
It’s interesting that the dogs mind can recognise the ground beneath but not that its owner is able to walk across 
Half the humans I saw at the Skywalk were behaving the same way.
That’s at the Museum of Natural History near the U in Salt Lake City right?
I don’t blame the dog. I’d have trouble too!
She is on the edge of life and death, but still accepting free food
I don't blame them for being cautious.
oh shit I work there
He’s like y’all I’m walking on a beam right now! Why u doing this to me
Oh god this is too adorable. 
They did it. They finally made transparent aluminum.
GOOD DOG
The tentative paw is so cute.
This is me trying to jump off a building in vr.
Dog*
Notice it only walked on the less clear pane, that looks more like solid ground than the clear ones.
Unless you want your dog randomly walking off your lifted deck I would pick up the dog and walk him across the glass. 
He doesn’t trust engineers.   
That museum is right by where I live! My mom and day both have things they found in the museum! My dad helped dig up this giant t-rex skull close to where this exhibit is and my mom helped dig up the shoes in the glass case on the corner of the native American exhibit. A family friend is also featured talking in a video about the bones seen on this video, and his picture is featured by one of the dinosaur skeletons that's a new species he actually discovered! It's such a cool place and we go all the time :)
I wonder what a seeing eye dog would do 
Good girl!
Lol
what an angel
I love when dogs sniff your foot and then work their way up. "Okay, foot, leg... Yep, that's a human. It all checks out."
Funny how she's super focused on her front paws being on the bar, not realizing her back paws are splayed across the glass behind her, hahaha
Profile in courage. 
Now the next time he sees a drop-off he’s gonna think he can walk on it... and you know what happens next
the dog its probably thinking wow i have amazing balance on this black rail, im pretty awesome. 
Awwwwwww
poor thing
In her eyes, that's goddamn witchcraft!  Adorable, though. 
what manner of sorcery is this hooman?
This was too cute! Thank you!
My puppy does this as well with anything she can see through. Like storm drains and such. I doubt want her to walk over them obviously but she comes to a dead halt rather than go around. It's so cute.
I don't want to walk on a window either. 
Cute until she walks off a cliff now😜
I love how she walks on the bar like she was actually standing on that bar in the air 
This is so cute
“Carol - CAROL you’re standing in the sky, Carol.”
Why not *show* the dog that it's safe by lying down or at the very least putting your palms on the glass floor.... instead of tempting them onto it. Now they're mixed with fear and a craving for treats, instead of the knowledge that it's safe. 
TIL: How to escape from service dogs.
Really hoping this ends up on r/animaltextgifs. I could hear the dogs thoughts so clearly hahaha
poor baby was soooo confuzzled!
His brain will never recover from this damage 
Can someone make this into an r/animaltextgifs 
I think this is the Natural History Museum in Salt Lake City!
What is the point of scaring the dog this way?  Seems like it is being trained to override common sense.  (think thin ice)
Gently like potato
Oh shoot I need to do this with link soon...I feel like he might prefer an aquarium 
"I don't know Karen, it doesn't seem safe"
My dog would have noped the hell out of there.  He won't even walk on a hardwood floor...
aw he is so scared for his person
Hey,  that's the Natural History Museum in Salt Lake City! 
I don’t blame her!!! I wouldn’t walk on it either!!!!
Great, now she is gonna walk off cliffs thinking she will get a treat
Definitely empathize with the dog!
So cute!!! How she tried walking on the beam. Even if there wasn’t  glass, what dog would go down a beam?
This is at the American Museum of Natural History in NYC.

My toddler had a very similar reaction.

Edit: Apparently this is actually in Utah. Uncannily similar. 
reminds me of when I went to the CN Tower for the first time and walked on the glass.
Brave dog.
Is that the Utah Natural History Museum?
Glass confuses many animals the 1st time they see it. 

Mirros are another good one
Spoiler: she walks her blind master off a cliff in exactly 1 years time
Hell, I couldn't do it, either.  My brain is watching other people walk across floors like that and telling my feet to just go, but they won't move.  I have to shut my eyes and be led across.
So glad they didn't just yank the leash like I feel so many assholes would have.
Shes a good girl.❤
How is human doing this?? Is human witch?? What??? Now I am witch! Human is clearly higher being!
*glass cracks*

I fucking told you, Karen... 😡
Carry him ffs
Training is hard when instincts want to kick in.
indiana jones
It's nice that his handler was so gentle and patient with this pup. That's really sweet. It probably enhanced the trust and bond they have.
To be fair , I was the same way when I was visiting China's glass bridge.
If I touch the line, I die, but reversed
Cat Mode: ON
I wanna see this but with that fake glass that breaks. I forget the name of the bridge attraction 
"Tries not to fall , still has time for snackos"
This video seems to be taken at the Utah Museum of Natural History. If I’m not mistsken, this pup is a part of the Labs for Liberty program. They partner with the University of Utah so that students foster puppies and expose them to as many experiences as possible so when they go to school to become certified service dogs they are better prepared. When I was training a puppy, this was one of the things we had to do in order to get our dog to the next level. 
I love how her front paws are like on the beam and the back ones are all over the place 😂
"Shit, I'm so good at balancing!"
She should have tried knocking on the glass floor. 
Good job buddy!!
Thats the cutest little tight rope walker I've ever seen.
Why didn't she put the treats on the glass? Would that be cruel or would the dog think the treats float?
Such a smart angel! 
That dog's gonna walk his owner off a cliff one day.
Looks like me at the CN Tower.
I’ve been to this place! It’s a dinosaur fossil exhibit in Utah 
I wish every parent was this patient with their kids.
good dog
I hope this doesn't make her believe she can walk off any ledge now 😕
THIS GOES AGAINST ALL OF MY TRAINING. 
She’s nice. I would have just yanked him 
Dumbass doesn't know bout glass
Aww this is so cute 
Looks like he’s in a video game. Seeing his feet over mid air, yet still standing on the ledge. 
Its okay dog friend, I still do the same thing. 
Is this in Salt Lake City?
What a brave dog
Just say dog 
fren how u float?
So what’ll happen next time she comes across a gaping hole in the floor that has no glass covering? 
She's such a precious good girl 
how cute!
How mindblowing would it be to not understand the concept of glass, and think that your balance is near-perfect when you're trying to stay on the beams? 
"This is beyond science."
I'll show this to my dog. She doesn't want metal bridges. :) #OnlyDogOwnersCanRelatetoThis
Accidentally walks his owner off a drop next time...oops thought it was glass.
Assuming this dog is not being trained as a Seeing-Eye-Dog for someone blind, right? Because this wouldn't be a lesson to learn... 

"Please, walk out on this beams with me, Master."
Awwww I love it!  I work with raising service dogs and I love that she gave the pupper this experience - they look like a great team. I gave up my first service puppy five months ago and it was one of the hardest things I’ve ever done.  I think of her every single day 💔🐝
that's an admirable amount of patience 
Yeah this is cute and all, but the whole time I'm screaming at her human toGET THE FUCK OUT OF THE MIDDLE OF THE WALKWAY. STAND TO THE SIDE YOU INCONSIDERATE MUFFIN.
Training works! Second walk  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UvwUO2dpAzA
Heckin bamboozled 
i cried
I think I would do the same
This is awesome! Dogs are fantastic! Seriously though... how worried do we have to be about this dog walking off a cliff? How many different times does what happened in the video need to happen before it stops pausing before stepping somewhere that looks like it doesn't have a floor? 
I assume this is training? I’ve seen this gif before and it’s adorable. 
Do depth-of-field optical illusions work on dogs?
beautiful, sweet dog.
Is it doing that because it can't see the glass floor or it's afraid the glass might break?? 
This is pretty much every day feels like with cptsd, everything looks scary but just one step at a time.
Faking it for the treats. 
Now the dog is going to be confused for life by having trust issues
When I was younger, people told me that dogs would not walk on mirrors. So, later, I had this dog. She was a good dog, but a little hard headed. So, I wanted to keep her out of a specific room, so I laid down a full length mirror in the doorway. 

&#x200B;

She laid down on it and looked at me with a look that said, "foolish mortal".
Adorable, doesn’t even realize its back legs are on the glass
I love it! This dog keeps looking at the humans standing in the glass and seems like it is trying to connect why the humans aren’t falling. So cute xD
Poor baby!!
Oh sure, just train her to walk the blind off of cliffs why don't ya!
Good eye bleach for me
I don't get it, how does this dog not see a cliff edge now and think, "Don't worry, I got this"?
Should we really be training service dogs not to worry about there being apparently no ground?
I'm really glad this wasn't in the wtf sub
What a smart dog, love how he thinks he's walking on the iron beams.

&#x200B;
I love that it prioritizes the food regardless of the fact that it believes it's in danger of falling.
Next time dog walks off a cliff
"
"Human I love you but this is fuckin crazy dude. "
Imagine if everytime you were stressing someone just gave you a little treat?


We would all belong in /r/absoluteunits
For all he knows Humans are Magic and can float in the air. 
Smart dog.
Goddamn he is smart-sticking to that one beam on the floor and trying to balance himself on it. super cute
Damn it, woman! I ain't got time for a treat! I've got 4 legs to keep on this tiny beam. Okay, give me the treat. 
I feel this is a perfect analogy for training autonomous car AI.
Where’s the Lens of Truth when you need it?
Heck I'm a grown ass man but that is so cute
He is so sweet !
Hmm, how do we teach fido to examine a surface first, and proceed once he notices and is assured that its solid?
im not leaving this beam
Trust! Even though real fear! We could try this IF we could trust humans! IF!😕
I is scared, but me do my duty
Nah, it’s just that he still smells the blood from the Crazy 88s massacre.
/r/sweatypaws 
Balancing on a beam is pretty easy after all. -Dog probably 
Just pull it across.
“This air is hard...”
Looks like a fake service dog wearing a service dog vest that's easy to buy online.  Service dogs are thoroughly trained and have depth perception.
inb4 glass shatters and everyone dies 
And we are the smart ones....
I know it's common sense for kind people who love animals, but I always enjoy seeing people allow animals - and kids for that matter - learn things at their own pace and encourage them to push past comfort zones instead of forging them in fire. 
I mean fuck sometimes these floors freak me out. 
“What....what is this sorcery human?”
Nice to see him pick up confidence near the end. Looked extremely nervous and cautious.
This is me anytime I see a glass floor. They were made by Satan.
Poor dude. S/he was having such a hard time. Such a good dog to give it a try.
Just carry him already!

This way seems unnecessarily stressful and cruel.
I love how the whole time he didn’t realize his back paws were on the glass and not on the beam he thought he was carefully balancing on. 
All is good until she starts walking off buildings
brb, installing a glass floor in front of all doorways so police dogs can't get to me
Hopefully the same dog doesn't think they can walk on air after this and steps off a building 
I hope this dog never walks straight off the edge of a cliff.
It's okay for you Lvl 15 Wizards but us Lvl 2's...
How he tries to balance on the beam 
Reminds me of the Leap of Faith scene in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
brave little fellow, he doesnt even realize his back paws are over the glass, so focused on his front paws and his handler. 
I've got to admit, I had exactly the same reaction the first time I walked on a glass floor; I stepped carefully and kept to the beams.  Then two five year old kids ran onto the floor, squealed in delight, dropped to the floor and started rolling around... I felt like an idiot and nonchalantly walked back across the glass and over to the bar for a drink.
Same as my first time. 
Good boy so scared and so brave. 
I love that dog. What an awesome dog!
H
Dogs are the best!!! 
His service human is very patient and good at guiding him across.
Love him.
Air Bud
Why not drop treats on the glass?
Just drag the damn thing over the glass.
Serious question: can dogs see or "understand" glass?
We need to see more of this
Oh Yeah Yeah
Even trained services dogs come across weird stuff they don't feel okay  with. If you see someone training their dog leave them be. This was  soooo cute to watch.  The amount of trust this dog has in her handler is amazing! 
I would be so willing to believe that the dog isn't worried about glass floors in general, but actually thinks it to be inferior workmanship and knows it's an accidental waiting to happen. 

'Sheila - do you know that this glass isn't even tempered?'
Service dog is the one that needs to be serviced. I think it’s broken. 
Hahaha... I had a German Shepard that used to do this at every bridge. He'd be running along, then come to any bridge and do exactly as seen there. Man I loved him. RIP, Kaiser 
gonna fall into so many pools now
Service dog... lets Karen walk off the edge of what he believes to be a cliff.
You guys just tricked a dog into thinking she can fly. This won’t end well. 
I think they should not do this. What if in future the dog starts to think that there is a glass floor even thought thr isnt. It will be horrible.
No, you are the dog's service human
Just carry the little guy. 
"my balance is incredible"
I'd definitely return the dog.
I know where that is! Its the National History Museum of Utah!
When you become the service dog
Way to go, doggo! Did better than me; I still stay on the beams. 
Too cute, she had to be the service human for the service dog. 
“Human! You Magiks!”
What a perfect little sweetheart. I could only imagine how worried the puppy was. 
That is trust. God I love dogs.
I keep thinking of Demolition Man when I see this.
Utah Natural History Museum. Best dinosaur display Ive ever seen. Highly recommend!
This is so cute it's giving me a toothache.
Is this the Utah museum of natural history?
This dog risked its own life just to please it's owner. Dogs are the best.
So brave.
It's like when dogs see us walk across these things or walk in our veranda they think: "Of course you guys can do it cause you're gods but im just a dog. I don't have superpowers." 
That first paw tap omg
"Karen I'm not sure what magic you are using but nothing less than free snacks is getting me to fall to my doom."
Of course she isn't surprised a human can walk on air. We are like gods to them.
Air Bud
When your service dog needs a service dog...
Sweet girl. I love her 😭
Reeeepost

Jokes aside this is great
That dog is me. 
Someone's been hurt by the slider too much.
There is a bridge where I live that has a glass tile base. There are two strips of marble that run the length of the bridge. Dogs and toddlers seem to gravitate to the marble.
I don't know why but my heart just melted. 
He's now been trained to walk directly off a cliffs edge.  Good job!
Great. Now he thinks he can fly. 
Translucent * 
Is this dog still training? 
I feel like this is a terrible thing to show a dog considering how well they handle glass doors
Dogs are the 2nd best :)
Hm...now he will be trained to walk someone straight to the ditch expecting food 😳
Somewhere in the future, road runner cayote situation 🙁
10/10 on the beam!
More please
Here's the part they dont' tell you...later that day, the dog walked off a ledge because in no way is it comprehending what is going on right now, lol.
smart dog
The next day he was found dead next to a cliff
What is this? Black Labrador witchcraft?
I get the same reaction when my dogs go on the frozen pond each winter.  Very cool to watch.
Not to be an asshole but how about push it out on the glass? Perhaps it will immidietly understand and this whole confusion was unnecessary 
Now that dog thinks it has amazing balance 
Did we need glass floors?
Hey even support dogs need support sometimes
I don't understand why owner is giving dog cookies? Why don't they show strong body gestures that you can step there? Imagine being confused about something and someone will try help you by giving you cookie... that will probably only add to the confusion...
"We didn't have this kind of obstacle course in training!"
I think he's more interested in those giant bones under the glass floor!
Humans! I saw this on a cartoon. do not look down!
u/stabbot
Pupception!
That doesn't strike me as *that* far off from how most people feel about stepping onto something like that the first time.
Dogs must think we are magical. Seeing us walking on air isn't enough to convince them. Seeing us walk through a glass door that's no longer there isn't enough to convince them.
If this is a guide dog fair enough but if it’s a get a bit scared sometimes and need a puppy when why not just avoid glass floors. This dog needs a service animal. 
He walked on the dirty one.
man how do you even begin to explain to a service dog that some invisible floors are ok and some invisible floors are still a fall?

Dog: "I'm not magic like you motha'fukas."
/u/vreddit_bot
Is she the seeing-eye human or something?
"Human, you fool! What are you doing! How... well maybe if I stay on this beam... carefully... slowly now... okay this is fine... wait I can walk on all of it! Crisis averted. Another day, another challenge overcome for superdog."
I never thought of that! I don’t wear skirts at all! Glass walls in elevators are also awful. I can’t take them, just looking at them makes me panicked.
What a brave girl!!!
Very Brave!
That level of intelligence is crazy. 
I know this museum! I had the same reaction when I walked on it too. Lol
The initial nope is brilliant. 
