Oh my god this is adorable im so happy they can be together again 
Oh, that is completely adorable 😢 Beautiful boys 💕
I'm not sure why, but it looks like OP's comment with the backstory was either deleted or removed. Congratulations on getting the band back together, OP!
This...is...beautiful. Thanks for sharing! I am just going to hug my dog. He will wonder what’s up. He will hate it.  It it isn’t for him this hug... I need to hug him this time.
They have 2 years of snuggles to catch up!
Boxers are the best. 
I’ve read every comment so far, and just checked my inbox...and I’m absolutely in tears.  Thank you anonymous gold and silver.  And thank you kind people who not only understand how happy I am to have my family complete...but who get the bond between two silly dogs who love each other enough to cuddle, be the blanket, and to allow the blanket.

You’ve moved me on a fundamental level that I wasn’t expecting with a silly post of my boys being my goofy boys.  

Happy Tuesday!
😭😭😭😭😭 congrats!!!!!! They look so happy to be back together! Tuesday win for you ☺️
When me and my ex broke up, we had 2 dogs, brother and sister. I let her keep both because i did not want to split them up, and my living situation after moving out would not let me anyway. A year and a half later, new dog she got with her new husband was not doing well with old dogs. So, guess who got them back.

They were the only thing I missed from the relationship, and now I miss nothing.
My ex left me a few months back. We had two beautiful miniature poodles together, Watson & Eevee.
My ex got Watson before we officially moved in together and once we were living together we got Eevee as a friend for Watson. They became the best of friends.

When we seperated we decided that my ex got Watson and I got Eevee. It kills me so much that they have to be seperated aswell and both myself and Eevee miss Watson so much My ex and I are still friends so the pups have caught up a couple of times since but I just can't bear to be on my own without Eevee, she's the light of my life, the only thing that's getting me through this break-up. I know it's selfish of me to keep them apart but I really can't let her go, I've already lost so much...
My parents wouldn't divorce until my dog passed away for this reason 
My ex and I share two dogs (no kids).  One week on, one week off more or less.  It's a really weird thing to explain to friends but being able to travel without worrying about their accommodation and being able to trust they're being cared for is huge.
Two boxer beans!!!!!  The best breed ever!  We are on our 5th.  So happy your boys are back in town!
That's great! My ex wife won custody of my dog and put it down to spite me.

Rip Boxer you were such a good boy 😢
Love my husband.  Never want to be a divorced couple.  If something terrible happened and he left me, I would be heartbroken.  But if he took my dogs, I'd be violent.  Seriously violent.
This is awesome!  Had they ever seen each other during those two years?
My ex and I broke up and rather than split them up I let her keep both of them. It was the hardest decision I’ve ever had to make. I miss my boys everyday. 
This is soooo sweet. Oh man.  I have 2 dogs and they act like they tolerate each other at best but trust me, they adore each other.  My older girl does this thing with the younger one where she barks at her like come play with me so I can chase you around the house and pretend that I hate you! 
Oh man this is vaguely like my life but reverse. I left in the divorce and I left "my" cat with the other because I didn't think it would be fair to separate them.

I got to see them tonight after like 3 months and the 2nd time after moving out in October. 

Not like super super sad as it was before but. Same energy I guess? Happy critters! And glad you're back with the beepbops.
Yay! Glad your boys can be together again. Best part of my divorce was that he wanted to travel, so I got our pup. It's the best!
Yay that’s so great!

I’d give my ex my kidney before I’d let him take any of my pets 
This gives me a little bit of hope. My ex took my cat after we split. It was my cat and I got him because I was in a horrible accident and was off work because of it. I was so lonely at home and I couldn’t leave the house by myself because I was in a wheelchair. I begged my ex to let me get a cat before my accident and he always said no but he just couldn’t say no to me when I asked after my accident because he knew I’d had been through so much and that getting me a little fur buddy would help me. This cat was the best. He kept me company. Slept with me. Followed me everywhere like a puppy. When I finally recovered and went back to work he would meow for me at the door and sleep on my shoes. When me and my ex split I told him he could watch him for a bit while I got my living situation together and then I would like to have him back, while I was living somewhere temporarily where I couldn’t have him, my ex would let me meet up for visits in a park (I know it’s silly but it wasn’t silly for me, it meant the world to me) I would call my cats name whenever I would see him at the park and his ears would perk up and he would run to me. Well my ex didn’t wanna keep meeting up for visits because it hurt too much for him to see me and it wasn’t helping him get over me. So I finally found a new place to live that was allowed pets and I contacted my ex to let him know and he ignored my texts, my emails, and even letters in the mail. I didn’t stop trying to contact him. Finally he emailed me back saying my cat was now his and I can’t have him back. It’s been exactly a year since we split and the last time he allowed me to meet up with him to see my cat was April last year. I keep hoping one day he’ll realize that keeping my cat doesn’t just hurt me (which is what he wants to do, very spiteful) but it hurts my cat too and maybe he’ll give him back to me. I often wonder if  my cat misses me or if we were reunited he would remember me.  My ex also told me it one of our visits that my cat was acting strange and he took him to the vet and the vet said he was stressed out because of what was going on. It really sucks. I miss the shit out of that cat. 
I lost my boxer for a year due to a divorce. One day he lit her apartment on fire by turning on the stove while getting a piece of pizza out of a box sitting on it. He was given back the following day. Basically he had to commit arson to reunite us. Love that big guy.
I’ve got two boxers as well and I can’t ever imagine having to seperate them. They’re like peas n carrots. I can imagine just how happy your two are now that they are back together. Makes my heart smile. 
When you split up animals it kills me that you can’t explain to them that they’re not going to see each other for a long time if even ever again. You just leave and they just think, ok, bye see you for dinner as usual! Then each day passes... so sad. I’m glad they are together again. I bet they will never want to be separated again.
🦀KAREN GAVE BACK THE KIDS🦀
Them boys go together like cocaine and waffles 
So happy for you. Would love to see more of these scenarios 
They look like they missed each other 
My solution to this problem is having a husband that hates dogs

&#x200B;
I really want to make a daytime TV show called Doggy Divorce Court that solely deals with who gets the pet(s) after a breakup (doesn't have to be marriage) 
I have to say when I found out that my STBX was cheating on me, I was crushed. When I saw the video proof that MY DOG was on their DATE I was scorch the earth pissed. He is a slimy piece of shit but at least he didn't try to take the dog (or kids) from me. 
I wish my ex would give me or dog... She said I could have him right after I left her and couldn't keep him, 2 months later she changed her mind. She kept MY cat and made our cat find a new home. I got a new Kitty from a shelter and she's the best but I still want the dog. 
[deleted]
Congratulations!  The picture is priceless.
I'm so happy they're back together!
I’ll never understand why ex’s would do that just to be vindictive.
Mine did it with our dog and never let me see him ,he would wine when I would (ex would yell at dog to “shut up”)pick up my son cause he knew the sound of my vehicle.


I have seen him once in 9 years , when he busted out(think my son let him out ) when I was picking him up.

I have tears in my eyes looking at them hugging each other. I am sure they missed each other a lot. 
Your younger boy looks remarkably like [my 9 year old lady.](https://imgur.com/a/hQ9Sgla)
Having two boxers myself, it brings a tear to my eye.  They are so joyful this is the life that they should lead!!
Boxers are the BEST!
They must have missed each other so much!

Happy, happy, joy, joy!
This just made me cry :).  So happy for your babies ❤️ and you and glad your ex let this happen.   Happy love to you and your babies!
r/boxers would love this. Congratulations!
Going thru a similar situation right now and this just warms my heart ❤️
This is why boxers are the best breed. We had to put down my boy last November and I miss him everyday. 
She really took the kids.
Don't split up the pack. It's all they've got. 
Recently divorced my ex, and we had a dog that he had before we got married, so naturally, she stayed with him. That dog was mine though. She slept with me. I fed her. I bathed her . I groomed her. Of all the things hes taken from me, includingmoney, that dog is the only thing that hurt.
My wife keeps saying if we ever get divorced I’m not taking any of the dogs. No matter how I feel about her I’d never separate any of my 3 pups from each other. 
Those are dogs. 
I wonder if every dog owner has that ill fitting couch cover?

I know we do!

Congrats.
I just buried my best and oldest friend aged 14... 98 doggy years and my soul hurts, I miss his sook everytime I take a bite of anything and feel dead inside this has uplifted me for even just a moment 
That was my fear when I told my husband I was divorcing him. We have 3 cats and he had one he was super close to and I was willing to hire a lawyer to keep her. He wasn’t stable and I knew he couldn’t take care of her. 

He mentioned her once when we were talking and I didn’t even acknowledge him. 

The next time he brought her up he told me to take care of her and give her extra gravy (cat food gravy) from time to time. 

And then last month he died. 

Every morning I wake up to her on his side of the bed and she whines at me till I give her wet food. I’m so grateful to have her. 
So sweet to imagine how thrilled they must be to have one another back.
How could you ever separate dogs who've grown together, and stand your ground on it? Super happy to see them reunited!
Um, are you aware that you and you ex seem to be dogs since you had dog children?
😭
Happy tears!!! Glad they get to be together again!!!
This is awesome!!!
I know how you feel except I don’t get mine. My ex and I got 3 dogs in the 5 years we were together. I raised them from puppies. We broke up a few years ago. He’s let me see them once. They just kissed my face and wouldn’t leave my lap. I miss them everyday. 
Your ex took the the fucking kid. 
Boxers.  Love those farting clowns.  Best breed ever!
This is my worst fear. I’ve avoided it by being single for the last 7 years. 
Whelp, almost made it through the day without crying. But this is a good cry, so thanks. 
Melts my heart! 💕❤💕
My ex took our dog. It sucks.

Take my dignity, but leave the dog!
Why would dogs get divorced? Why would they get MARRIED?
Pure love. The world needs more of what these two represent. Thanks for sharing 👍
Warms the soul
So......... no two Christmases?

That's great you got your boys back. 
Nothing we do should ever stop pure love like this. 
❤️Simply Love ❤️ 
Woohoo reunion party 🎉 
Facing the same thing right now, i hope i get russell back because molly just isnt the same without him. 
I love boxers so much. So this photo is just adorable overload for me. 
Do you have a video of their reunion? If so, I’d love to see it! This is an adorable picture. 
Awwww...fk yeah.....
Awww.....congratulations! Pets go through the hell of divorce too but don't get a say :(

Our daughter's only condition was that the dog goes where she goes. She alternates each week between us and so does the dog. Out was hard on him initially, especially moving to an apartment from a house and have stuff strewn about for the longest time but he adjusted well.

I, on the other hand, still miss him more when he is gone than even my kid. He is always by my side when he is here - following me from room to room even from chair to sofa in the same room the moment I move. It takes me several days every week to stop expecting to find him underfoot with every move I make. Almost 4 years of this and it is no easier. 😭😭
This is so endearing! My BIL has a boxer named Waggles, go ahead and guess why. She's amazing. So happy for you and your babies being together again.

Just like your children, your pets should never be made to suffer for your relationship issues. I'm glad he didn't go there.
Such BEAUTIFUL babies!
Happy for you. Boxers are so funny when they sit on each other.
Makes my heart smile. I have a 14 yr old male fawn and a 5 year old female brindle. Love boxers.
It's never good to separate Boxers. 
Oh my god, that's fucking adorable. We've had Boxers for 20+ years and they're just the best dogs EVER! Ours bond so deeply and it's pure hell when one passes and the others mope for weeks (we've lost 3 in the past couple of decades). Congratulations on the reunion! 
Awww.... I've got the warm fuzzies now. Thanks for sharing this sweet photo.
I going to go out on a limb here and suggest that one might have missed the other...

Btw. Boxers rule. 
Its always the children that suffer the most.
Who the hell would split up the dogs? That's like taking apart siblings. 

So mean, and so unfair for everyone.
This is why, as painful as it was..and still is. All 3 of my ex wife’s and my dogs stayed with her in the divorce. I could never separate them, they have no idea what’s going on. 
Years ago my marriage was breaking up.  When we separated, my wife took my border collie that I had since he was a pup, long before I knew her.    I hah to hire a special  Pet Lawyer to get him back,  it cost $2000 in 1997.    
r/eyebleach material
Oh that is too cute! Poor babies, I’m so happy they have been reunited. I have a boxer back home in my dad’s house. He is 11.5 years old and has started to fade away, my poor little grandpa. So this picture brings back all the memories I have spent with my boy. 
It’s amazing to see how affectionate these pets are. I’m happy you’ve managed to get both of your boys!
The hardest part of my breakup was not getting my dog. Such a terrible choice to have to make
Yay! I bet your all happy to be together again! 
Almost heart breaking!!!!
This made my day. ❤️
This is very sweet. Also congratulations to you! Our pup was put up for adoption by previous owners due to a divorce. The male didn’t want ownership and the female moved away for a job change but had to live in a place that wouldn’t allow pets. We have her contact info though and send her updates yearly. 


To your ex's credit. That would be insanely difficult.
Soooooo cute!! I'm crying
This is happiness!
Karen took the fucking dog
It's weird to read the title and think humans, when it's talking about dogs.
Both of you are garbage for using animals as bargaining chips in your melodramatic nonsense. 
When I got divorced we had a 5 year old lab and an 8 year old boxer/shepherd/pit.  They had lived together and pretty much hated each other for 5 years.  When I got the boxer/shepherd/pit back after 11 months he was DELIGHTED to be an only child again. 
My wife is holding holding alimony over my head vs taking the dog... we were married 2 years and she cheated on me.

 Now she's getting her lawyer to use extortion of alimony (we have no kids but I make more money) or she gets the dog.. She leaves without warning.. and now is still trying to take the last ounce of love in my life 6 months later.. She wouldn't even agree to shared ownership.

I'm sad and disgusted. My lawyer doesn't want to bother with this. I'm losing faith in humanity.
Take the car, take the house, but you keep your god damn hands away from my dogs... 
Fucken Karen first the kids now the dogs.
Is the one on top a Boxer/Pit mix?  Looks like mine. 
O brother, where art thou (doggy edition)
The judge that allowed the dogs to be separated should be removed from his bench.
Yeah you don't fucking sperate the dogs. You're both assholes tbh
fuck you karen
Clearly the best of friends! 
Good on you ... head scratches and treats
Ohhhhhhh ♥️♥️
omg adorable :( 
I think your other baby is happy as well :)
I am separated from my wife but got to see our family dog today, I miss my Pug :(
For them it was probably like 14 years
When’s the movie coming out?
Wow! Awesomely adorable ❤️❤️❤️
That's awesome they got reunited, for them and you. I'm happy for you, internet stranger! 
The only thing better than one boxer is two!
Congratulations!!! They're so sweet!!!
They look so happy together. 
I’m really happy they get to be a family again! This kind of love is so special!
I wish my friends held me like this after not seeing them for ages
Holy hell, this is so gratifying! I hope you're doing as well post-divorce as your doggos are!
OMG, this makes me want to cry
Wow this is the first post in months that has made me cry
My heart!!
Our boxers needed to be separated for family reasons. When they came back together after two years it was amazing. Congrats. 
Omg what fabulous news!!! That must have been heartbreaking but a happy ending!!!
*Reunited and it feels so good*
**thankful for the reasonable ex** ..after 14 doggy years!!
Even through distance, love never dies. Adorable 
That is the most touching photo 
oh my god
Boxers are phenomenal omg I love this picture can I please see more 
OMGosh The Feels XX

This is fantastic!! 
Awww! Reunited and it feels so good!
Lol holy shit, if an ex ever tried to tell me that I couldnt keep my pet ohhhh lawd have mersay 
I can only imagine how they took it. Our boxer/mastiff mix was an emotional wreck after we got rid of a chihuahua we were fostering. Picture an 80lb pup moping around bc her 5lb friend was gone. We lasted a week before we went out and adopted her a pittie sister
Time to get back together. 
Pure happiness
That's such a happy moment 
This makes me so happy.
Might have covered already but how old is each pupper here? 
Boxers are the absolute best. And they LOVE lying on top of their brothers and sisters.
I’ve gone through the same, we split the dogs during divorce. And they were brothers, Crunch was maybe 11 months older than Captain. They were together for 9  years until the divorce. When my ex brings Captain over to play, maybe five times out of the year, it’s amazing how they never forget they are bros. 
I think they missed each other...just a little
Damn full custody 
My last two boxers...I don't know what I would do if we had to decide.  We would probably have had to split time like with kids.  Seriously.  But the boxer I have now, bless her little crazy soul, but I'd make him take her.  She is something else.  We have human kids now so maybe she would have to travel back and forth with them.
Congrats to the 3 of you!!! :)
this is fucking amazing! I'm so fucking happy for you and your pups!
Thanks for the back story
Brought a tear to my eye. I also have two boxers. They are so bonded; the thought of separating them is heartbreaking. So happy for you!
This is heart melting
I'd give you gold if I could!
Boxers are such a precious breed. Intensely needy, but loyal and smart.
This makes my heart happy! 
I can relate, my ex and I split custody of our doggos. One week on one week off. 
My heart
Aww that is adorable
Love.
I love this so much. It is just true raw unconditional genuine love. Just beautiful
Great 100%.
Best bois
Love!
So happy for you and the boys!! ♥️
u/ma1vada
Good man..
Omg they’re so happy and in love. I’m happy for all of you. ❤️ 🐾 
r/tireddogs
BOXER ♥️♥️♥️♥️
I wish there was a video of the reunion. I'd love to see it. ❤️
It's really weird looking at this photo because I have two dogs that look almost exactly like yours......
Omg sweet babies 😭😭😭😭
Glad you guys are doing whats best for the dogs no matter how long it took
why you makin me cry in public
Which one is older?
Sooo sweet!
Good puppers not running around must be sleepy
Nice socks!
awwww they r so cute
The ex probably only agreed out of grief that he wouldn't be reminded of his old family every time he saw the dog. Wasn't the dogs fault, the man is probably crying. Maybe picked up a puppy, but it won't replace what he had. 


Dang.
I love this. 
Good for you. winner all around that is a neat picture
r/theboysarebackintown
My son and his x share their two dogs. They couldn’t bear for them to be apart having been raised as pups together.     Every two weeks the little monsters go to the other and GET SPOILED immensely.  
This makes me miss my Boxers soooo much. I lost my boy O'Malley in July of last year then my girl Molly in September of last year. Give them all the hugs you can for me.
what a bastard🤮🤮
aww
I hope that the decision was amicable. I know it would be a difficult decision to spilt up my pets, and an even more difficult decision to do what’s best for them and reunite them.

I lost my handsome boxer boy, Diesel, after my divorce. I miss him every day.

Please give your boys extra kisses for me! I am happy they get to be together again.
I lost my dog after 2 years as the ex and I broke up. I miss my dog the most. I still go online and check the dog daycare photos to see how she’s doing. 
Congrats! One of my dogs we adopted from a shelter. Her history file said she was dumped off because of a divorce and two of her friends were dumped too. I always wonder if she misses them.
All I can say is Squeeeeee!
This happened to my friend, and Max just barked and howled until the ex's roommate had enough. Max was reunited with Coty, and all was well. Ex had to give up his dog, was sad, but knew it was the best thing for everyone. 
Give those boys a pat for this guy!! 
Sometimes I wish there was a “love” button for posts like this! 
Man I love dogs
This almost made my heart explode. I got my boxer in the breakup and can’t imagine being separated from him for two years - and the two of them being separated is even more heartbreaking because they don’t understand why! This makes me so happy. Enjoy! 
Brindle pup: NO one is taking you from me again
Brown pup: a-ok with me...I'll snooze riiiiight here forever n ever...
Had boxers all my life. They are the dumbest, most loving balls of joy ever. 
Thank you for posting this. I had to leave my three cats about 5 years ago because of a break up. I didn’t want to split them up for obvious reasons. I miss them everyday and sometimes regret my decision, this helps validate my decision. 
This makes me happy.  And they are not even my dogs.  Seriously happy!
This looks exactly like the two boxers I grew up with, except they were brother (brown coat) and sister (black coat). Their names were Samson and Delilah. Thanks for the picture, it brought back a load of memories.
Does your ex get visitation rights

Reunited 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uKnXTF2BhvY
This is the cutest thing I've seen all day, thank you
This makes me so happy, they are so adorable! 😍
Do you have more pics? 
Yaaa
iz ill never allow them to separate us again, we are now one! this is so sweet!
Boxers are awesome.

Do yours lean on you?
Coach brix?
Pups United!
Such an amazing breed! Love boxers
How sweet. I’m so glad that your dogs were reunited. It looks like they missed each other 
I’m so glad your ex came around. Separating bonded animals is so hard for them. I hope they both live many more years together! 
Boxer boxer boxer boxer BOXER BOXER BOXERRRR!!!
Happy days!!! 
Oof that's 14 dog years apart 😭
Awwwww.... sooo sweet
That is so cute! They do miss their buddies, glad you got them back together! Many congrats!
I just recently got my three pibbles back after my divorce. It's been a couple of years almost. House doesn't feel as empty anymore. They've settled in nicely now, claiming all the furniture and leaving me nowhere to sit. And they are especially enjoying not being crated at night.  
That is so cute! They do miss their buddies, glad you got them back together! Many congrats! 
Humans don’t deserve animals 
My question is, is he subscribed to pewdiepie? 
Excuse me while my heart explodes
Fellas they r
I'm not crying,  you're crying 
naww thats adorable. that god ur ex has a heart 
I'm not crying, you're crying
always do it for the kids! Happy they are reunited.
El Doggo Snugglo!
Fuck that shit. Can’t keep my old doggo away from me. Where was king Solomon in all this?
Awwwwwww. Hell yeah!!!
miss my boy 😢
Sweet
So happy for you. And btw, I have the same couch cover! Installing Velcro tomorrow.
This is so sweet congrats on the reunion
9 year old? He better be subbed to pewds
I'm an attorney who's handled to doggy death penalty cases but only one doggy custody cases in a divorce.
OMG I just died. So sweet. 
"OH.... You're back."

-Fawn Boxer 
 Damn I love dogs.
Awww so cute


So cute!
Boxers are the best, so glad those babies are back together.
If I could I would upvote infinitely 
I have two boxers, the same colours, who are so close that they also cuddle like this. 

I’d be lying if I said this didn’t make me tear up. 

I’m so happy for the three of you. ❤️
Maybe true love doesn't exist for humans. Just puppers.
Are you and your ex also boxers?
He can legally sub to pewdiepie doggo style
Is the old man on top?
Thank  your ex for me this is just  beautiful 
Kinda sad when a dog loses anyone in their life’s hopefully the ex can visit doggos 
If that's not the sweetest picture of lost love coming to an end, I dont know what is. Congratulations on getting your babies back together.  They look like they couldn't be happier, and that makes me happy!
Divorce settlements, very hot right now!
This is wonderful. It's just like siblings getting separated and then getting back together. My day got lit seeing these two. 
This is an amazing family reunion!
I don't know them, but I hate your ex.
The saddest and happiest thing both times. So glad they're back together again. Obviously so are they. My heart goes to them for a long happy life together!
I’m here to support you but props to your ex for giving the dog away. And congrats to the doggies!!
The only thing really bad about divorce is being lonely. Otherwise its two people that wanted freedom from the shackles of marriage. If there is hatred involved post divorce, the more petty of the 2 was the problem, in general.
How nice of your ex!
Miss our boxers every day, really sucks. 
Peak boxer
Looks like they missed each other .
I'm just happy to see that the couch is covered. Those pups sure are cute, but they'll play heck on the upholstery. 
That is some serious heartstring tugging stuff there.  
This picture brought tears to my eyes. I'm so happy they are reunited.  My ex and I shared our brindle boxer 'Milo' after our divorce. It worked out fairly well for us all. We were even together when he crossed the rainbow bridge. 
Be careful or you'll have grandkids.
My two dogs fight.. what's the secret?
I’m not crying you’re crying. 
Congratulations 
Kudos to both of you

That is just awesome that he agreed for you to have your boy back, and to be back with his brother! It must of been hard to have them apart but no worries now there back together! 😁
I cannot awwww enough!!
Umm, Cooper, that’s not the way we spoon, remember??
The amount of love and relief in this photo legit just brought me to tears. To be fair I'm in the middle of a custody battle of my own and today was rough. I'm just so glad you fought for them to be together! 
That's just fucking awful. No, *despicable*. Your ex should be fucking ashamed of his/herself. 

Can you imagine if two divorcing parents separated their two kids? How is this any different?
Yeah I threatened to murder my ex if she attempted to take any of my dogs. She fucked off peacefully.
Just wonderful. Love Boxers 
Congratulations!! 
May I ask why she kept him for so long only to give him to you now?
Congrats 🎉👍 man!
That's wonderful!!
This is beautiful!! Congratulations to all three of you!  
This is so beautiful! I have two 8 year olds and can't imagine separating them. 
Make sure you send this picture to your ex and really rub salt in the wou... show them what a good thing they did. 
Love reacts only
Awee this is so awesome...
Good Karen
I’m so happy for you! If my dogs were separated they would be totally devastated. The younger one cries and gets frantic if we have to take her older brother to the vet or separate them for whatever reason. They really are like best friends and companions. 
So happy for you & them! Aren’t Boxers the greatest? I have a white boxer named Luna. She’s a lover. Someday, I’d love to get a brindle Boxer. And a fawn one too. And, and, and...
I’m really happy for you and the dogs. I had a boxer growing up and a big fan of the breed. Not sure what took her so long to come around. They don’t have the longest lifespan and heading into his twilight years may have more vet bills. Hope that want her reasoning behind the change of heart 
They look like a couple of dogs my friend used to have. Sadly they couldn't care for one of them but someone was willing to put in the work and adopted her, and the other recently passed. ❤️Eva&Sophie
keep on keeping on! divorces are so brutal, but having love in your heart and willingness to change will guide you to a better place! 
“Night night brother”.... :’}
Absolutely wonderful
I just broke up with my gf after buying two black lab pups 6 months ago. They are such bros but we're each taking one. My dream is that she gives hers up too.
They had us in the first half not gonna lie
for fucks sake
So, after causing you just enough agony over losing one of your boys, she "agreed" to let you keep your 9-year old again.  I'm guessing he's become more responsibility than she imagined?
Did they remember each other?
Ah I'm so happy for you! I'm going through divorce atm and thankfully no debate over my babies. 

Not trying to sound like an internet hardman but you'd have to force your way into my house with police, and physically hold me down while you take my dogs. They're my absolute world. 

So yeah I'm incredibly happy for you! 
I'm not crying. I swear 
Some stories do have happy endings, congrats !
My girlfriend's dogs are so close. Imagining them apart breaks my heart...
I am so happy for them! Thank you for sharing this lovely pair with us!
Karen took the dogs 
That's 14 years for them, dude that's so sad. What a bitch of an ex 
True love 😭👏
SO HEARTWARMINGLY AWESOME!!
My heart 🥰  
That just made my day. So sweet
Oh my heart!! Congratulations, that is WONDERFUL! 
This is incredible
*cries in Spanish*
How cute. They get to see each other again😍😍
This is amazing. Their love is inspiring. My cats are not like this one bit lol. 

Side note, this is what my friends and I look like when we get together. We’ve been friends for ten years and when we are together we literally pile on top of each other. Living beings need love :) 
Daw. I had a coworker that had separated from an ex and one took one dog and the other took the other dog. But at some point they came to a good point in their non relationship where they would switch or one would take both while the other was out of town. 

Same for my brother and his ex. They recently broke up, but before that he would be out of town for two weeks, and then home for two weeks for working on a boat. So now when hes out for two weeks, she keeps the dog, or sometimes his dad does. (And she has the cats). 

I definitely want to be able to do that for future relationships when they end. 
Video pls?
OMG that hug! 😍🤗 So Happy for you! Congrats!
Cute!!!
Sounds like you’re better off 👌🏽❤️
😢. Made me happy but I cried
Where is all this dust in my eyes coming from?
So sad...its always the kids that suffer most 
That is love.😍
🥰🥰🥰
So happy they are together again! 💕 So sweet.
Beautiful pups and beautiful result. A house with boxers in it is a happy house.
YAY!!!
1st cat given away, because new husband doesn't like pets. .

2nd cat given away, same reason, died in accident at loving home. 

Miss you MacArthur, hope you're happy. 

Divorce sucks in so many unexpected ways 
wow now they are together forever.
Surprise to be sure but a welcome one
Reunited and it feels so good!!
Boxers are the best 
Boxers are literally the best dogs. I’m biased because it’s the only breed I’ve ever had, but still, facts are facts lol
This picture just melts my heart. ❤️ So sweet! 
So have they not seen eachother at all within the past 2 years?
Beautiful boys!
Ooo I have a brindle boxer too with the white socks! I love my boxers, so happy for you and them! 
Aww
Not sure if you answered this elsewhere.. when you divorced did the courts decide who took which dogs initially or did you guys just come to an agreement about it?
quack
Awe life is good again
Pure love there, sooo sweet, your ex isn't all bad...
Okay this didn’t make me tear up haha. Thankfully you could reunite them, your ex shouldn’t have kept them apart! 
This is amazing! Made my day
 How can dogs get divorced? 
And in the end, Karen got the kids.
Such love and happiness ❤️ thanks for sharing this beautiful reunion.
I just love this so much.  Thank you so much for sharing!
aww this makes me so happy!! 
TIL never get married. :/
Love, love
You can take my car my house my stuff, everything i own and leave me with a futon and a hotplate. But you do not take my dog.
My Boxer did this exact same thing to my wife when we returned home from backpacking for 40 days. The photo is taped to my computer monitor. 
Dogs are dogs. 
That’s so sweet! So happy for you! I need a dog !
Cute 
Damn onion chopping ninjas. 
r/confusing_perspective
This is the cutest thing I've seen today!
[removed]
took her 2 years to realize the boys were more important to each other? her priorities are just ....
if someone took my dog I would kill them without a 2nd thought 
Moral of the story...don’t get married children 
That's... kinda cruel. If I loved them (vvhich I can't have an animal vvithout doing...), I vvould've just let her keep both if she insisted vve split them...

They're not toys ffs
Karen taking the dog is worse than her taking the kids... glad you have him back!
Hi guys I just buried my dog yesterday and I haven’t got anyone to talk about it to so this comment is my way of expressing myself. Have a nice day :) 

I’m very happy for you OP 
Thank you karen
Karen took my kid but I got them back 
Few things are as annoying as people who refer to their pets as kids or fur babies
your ex is evil for taking the pupper
we dont deserve dogs
This is why i like Reddit! Keep up the good work guys😘
Lol it’s literally a dog. Not a boy 
I’m not crying. Your crying! 
[deleted]
At least the ex had enough heart to know something was up with the dogs and decided not to ruin their lives.
[deleted]
So, you forced your ex to take away his dog so you can have both of them?
sympathy karma is a reddit paved road to hell ... i’ll try and save you with my downvote.
Pretty sure that’s a dog and not a 9 year old boy. 

How the fuck can you decide which dog to keep in a divorce? Thats terrible
Her name definitely is not Karen. Karen keeps the kids.
[deleted]
Good thing their tails are cut off, who knows how they would have reacted if they were whole and not mutilated dogs.
And why didn't you let him keep both dogs together or let you keep both during proceeding instead of separating them? Wasn't anyone good enough to let them stay together... People treat dogs like kids and what's worse is if you held siblings apart for two years due to whatever... You'd be both labeled shitty people. 
That Karen never should have separated them. Pupper deserves friend
She is a bitch...period.  Not thinking of the dog.
Imagine being such a shitbag that you would with old a dog just to get at your ex. 
Sounds like your ex is consistent with lack of commitment!
Yahoo!!
Bitch ass ex
[removed]
Is he subscribed to Pewdiepie?
[deleted]
Karen took the dog too?
[removed]
Anyone in a relationship that wants to seperate 2 animals that obviously love each other is an asshole and deserves to be divorced. They go together. I'm glad you got your boys back together.

Edit: downvote me all you want but I'm standing by what I said. 
[removed]
If she knew that they were that connected and refused that for two years, they don't have a "beach" their lives anymore.
Tell him he’s a fuckhead for not letting you have the dog
Fuck your ex.
[removed]
[deleted]
wow so hard bruh.  now imagine having real kids
Are they gay?
Sick bitch in other words..
