This is really similar to how it was when i was born. 

My parents had a husky and when they brought me home they put me on the floor in the living room and let the big guy in. He sniffed at me for a couple of seconds and then laid down beside me, and that was it, he had decided that I was now a part of the family and should be treated as such.

Last week was 10 years since we had to put him down. Still miss that big fluffy guy
"Well it's obviously my job to protect whatever the fuck this thing is then."

(Read in a cockney accent)
I love big dogs that are so protective of babies. It's like their parental instinct kicks in when a baby arrived
[deleted]
I’m anxious about the dog moshing the soft top of the baby head .
My family had a big American Foxhound when I was born, and acted super protective and motherly towards me from the moment I was brought home. She was always within arms length of me and would try to lick me clean whenever I would cry. She’s in almost every picture of me growing up. I still remember waking up in the middle of the night constantly just to hangout and play with her.

I miss that good girl
My aunt used to leave my toddler cousin outside with her German Shepard because the dog would keep rattlesnakes away and little Stevie could just run around the yard. How she found this out, I don't want to think about.
 The husky is Millie and the baby is Parker. @milperthusky on Instagram and YouTube. The baby is now old enough to [feed the dog by himself.](https://gfycat.com/AbleTemptingHedgehog) 
Is it safe for dogs to be near babies? I want to know because I don't owe either of them but info for the future
Putting a dog in the crib is just stupid

&#x200B;
I keep trying to figure out what we did to deserve dogs.

Edit: huh, first gold. Thank you kind stranger!
are you crazy? get that dog out of the babys crib.  

&#x200B;

this video will be 'states exhibit #1'
[deleted]
As much as i believe that you guys believe that you have control of things it just takes one accident and it could be life changing.  that baby's body is so delicate. I do believe that introducing is good just not that close. His a lovely big doggy but  you can never 100% put your faith into them, they have their off days too. 
My dad had a black and grey gsd that he rescued and they formed a tight bond and the day they brought me home from the minuit the dog saw me he never left my side every chance he got he saw me as his to protect. I have so many pics of him just chilling out with me and putting up with all my crap 
Wow, this was reposted and made it to the front page again in less than a month? Impressive.
Oh no, I don't find that cute at all. The dog in the cot with the tiny baby. 😧
When my brother had his first child last year, we were all a bit worried about their two golden retrievers. They're both socialized around babies and small children thanks to friends and extended family, but they can also be rather high-energy, especially the younger of the two, who is known for being a troublemaker. 

The *second* they brought that kid home these dogs went full nanny. The eldest, whose always been more mellow, will lay down beside the baby at any opportunity. The younger one, meanwhile, refuses to let him out of her sight for even a second, is the absolute picture of gentkeness whenever she interacts with him, and most hilariously gets nervous when they burp him, like she's worried they're hurting him. 
Reminds me of when we brought our firstborn home. Our golden retriever sat down by her side and wouldn't leave, when I opened the back door to let him out he kept looking back at her as he went towards the door and then gave up and returned, sitting at her side and watching with a concerned expression. ;-)
The reposter
"Night gathers, and now my watch begins"
No dog in the crib pls. 
"I'm going to put my dog in stupid places for internet likes"
I agree, the dog *inside* the crib was a bad idea. But otherwise this friendship should be encouraged (safely). My grandparents had a mutt that was *part freaking wolf* and the day they brought me home from the hospital she decided I was HER puppy. She was always nearby, she went and got my parents from other rooms if I was crying and they took too long to respond. We used to share dog biscuits, much to my mother's dismay. I pulled on her ears, her tail, her fur, stuck my fingers up her nose and never once did she react. Not all dogs can be trusted like her, no, but if your dog is showing the signs, let them interact.
I used to have a dog like this, he was the happiest most loving dog ever, to almost anybody, but when it came to baby me he was super protective, he would let pretty much all of my family hold me, but he wouldnt let my psychotic mother anywhere near me, and if I started crying you better believe that dog was next to me in an instant.

He also never needed to be leashed if I was outside with him.

Couple years after he passed I got a cat that had similar protective tendencies over me
Isn't that from that youtube channel with the 2 dogs?
He protec,
He protec,
But most importantly, 
He protec.
That’s so fucking dumb to let that dog in that crib.
[removed]
Too close to a baby for comfort
Why hasn’t anybody commented on the cutest little chubby baby ever? I bet he has rolls and rolls of baby fat on his thighs and a beach ball shaped tummy. I want to poke him and tickle him to make him chuckle!

Sorry, having a grandma moment.
Yeah I would draw the line at the dog in the crib, wtf? I'll take the downvotes for expressing my opinion.
bad idea.
Don't put big ass dogs in baby cribs.
Unpopular opinion: letting a pet, even one you trust, near your helpless baby is insane.  It's an animal. They're not always super predictable.
Dangerous 
Nice. Made it in before it gets locked! 


Wait, is that only for pit bulls?
As a husky owner and a parent, this is a no no, the shedding and dander is no good for a developing set of lungs, neither are the germs on the paws, also, it sends the wrong message to the dog if he/she thinks this is acceptable
[deleted]
Why would you ever allow a dog into a crib? 
When I was very little we had a Chihuahua, and she would watch me and was very protective. If I was trying things or having a tantrum, she would run to my parents and let them know. She died when I was 9, and I still miss her a lot.
My big dog is so sweet and lovely and well tempered. We knew he would be great with kids. 

When we brought our first born home we set him on the floor in his car seat and let he dog come and sniff and see him. We had done that thing where you bring a baby blanket home from the hospital so the dog gets used to the smell. 

Well our dog just acted completely blind to the baby. Like SNL skit style avoidance of seeing him. He looked everywhere except at the baby. And thus began their mutual relationship of pretending the other doesn’t exist. 

My second baby was all “I’m gonna love you, dog, and you can’t stop me.” And my dog begrudgingly loves him back. 
The Watcher 3: The Wild Mutt
A Redditor told the story of how their Corgi reacted to having a new baby in the house.  The dog became super protective.  Barking at all those  who came to visit, following the mother and baby throughout the house whereever they went, becoming upset when the baby cried, etc.. And when the baby slept, the dog would sit at the base of crib and stay awake, and alert for any threats.   The thing was, the dog never slept or ate properly.  And was looking pretty awful as a result.   So two weeks after having a baby, the new mom had to pack the baby and the dog and go to the veterinarian.  The vet prescribed tranquilizers (doggy downers) for the dog so it  would sleep and calm down enough to take care of itself. 
Is this edible yet?
It’s cute but is it really a good idea to let a dog that large around a baby? Just a simple accident could cause the baby to get nipped or clawed or stepped on by the dog. 
Huskies are fierce pack animals. Closest dogs to wolves in this regard. Mine once chased a man into his house for yelling profanities at my kids. Dont mess with the pack!
Isnt this millie the husky?
I am a dog I see a baby I love this baby very much I will protect and kiss it I love this baby 
When I was born, my dad had a giant of a rottweiler named Bella. She would sit by me day in and day out. When it came to feeding her, she'd drag her food next to me and eat there. 

That girl didn't let a soul outside of my mom or dad near me. I used to ride her around outside when I was 3/4 like she was my valiant steed. 
She passed when I was 7.
Rip giant doggo. Missed
So a cat we had must have been a dog in disguise. When I was pregnant with our daughter , if i laid down for a rest she would get on my tummy to sleep. She never did that before. Then when we brought the baby home she came and sniffed her and then just sat there. When i put the baby in her crib the cat curled up under the crib. She hadn't done that before and we had the crib set up for a few weeks before the baby came. If the baby cried she'd come running to me and meow until i'd go get her.
Your baby is going to grow up with an attachment to pets that people are losing. Hooray for you! 
I will protect my new hooman and I will call him squishy and I will love him. SQUIRREL!
Really? A dog in the crib? disgusting!!! 
Must protect
[removed]
Oof dog in a baby crib that makes me nervous as fuck who the hell let this happen 
Adorable!

I have cats. My little one was interested in my son and seemed concerned about the shrieking thing I brought home. My senior cat just hissed and ran away from him and tried to hide. Took 3 days before he came out of hiding to do more than eat. Lol
At least he’s just watching.  My sneaky 130-pound Labrador retriever used to lay down on my babies every time I was distracted.  In the playpen, on the floor, in a bed.  He never hurt them.  I nearly had a dozen heart attacks though.  (Usually, I would catch him in the act of curling up around the baby.). I did regularly find one of my toddlers curled up with the dog in his basket.  That child still looks at pictures of the old dog (long passed). 💕
This was my pit, she is so protective of my son. The most hilarious being when he would cry she would sprint back and forth between me and him, in a desperate attempt to get him 'help'. We never let her in the crib, but she definitely still hasn't left his side.
This is how you get a dead baby. 
He protec

::EDIT:: She!
I don't care how lovely the dog is or how much you trust it. This is really fucking stupid.


I Have Kids and Dogs.
I love dogs too, and this is nice, but the dog really shouldn't learn that being in the crib is cool/normal.


Get that dog out of the crib!
I say the dog was cuter than the baby
Things just ain't the same for gangsters
General reposti
Milperthusky is their YouTube channel. 
That dog demands full custody!
This is what our pup does when we foster kittens. Loves baby things, but gets reeeeeaal nervous around them when they start to move a lot.
Oh boy, the comment section is going to be good
Night gathers, and now my watch begins. It shall not end until my death. I shall take no wife, hold no lands, father no children. I shall wear no crowns and win no glory. I shall live and die at my post. I am the sword in the darkness. I am the watcher on the walls. I am the shield that guards the realms of men. I pledge my life and honor to the Doggos Watch, for this night and all the nights to come.
What a good boy
Dogs are one of the greatest gifts for a family!
Waiting for his playmate to grow up!
What a lucky baby
We truly don't deserve doggos
Cue the irrational white knights coming in to scream about how bad of a parent these people are..
Is this Milpert Husky and Parker? 
Why put the dog in the crib? That's a little much. Dog could stand up and step on the little guy. People do weird shit with their dogs.
Cute dog! Cute baby! Cuteness overload!!!
/u/diablo-solforge basically BT
This dog has its own YouTube channel called milperthusky. Please give credit
This is how my husky is with my cat. She doesn’t appreciate it.
My ex shared a photo of my daughter at 3 months laying next to me and my dog (America pit bull terrier), his paw barely resting on her chest, to our pediatrician's nurse.

This resulted in a visit report and visit from child protective services, over us having her "in close proximity to an aggressive rottweiler".

Just a heads up, 

Careful who you share things like this with, some people are not only stupid, but vindictive. 
Those are some cheeks!
In the crib? Ewww!
Please stop putting your newborn near dogs. Dogs can easily kill a baby by accident. This is such bad parenting.
If you care about your newborn, maybe read the dog bite database before doing this stuff. There is a pretty noticeable trend between huskies specifically and newborn mortality.

ed. a word
[removed]
Is there an explanation as to why dogs often do this with babies? Are they actually protecting them?
Don’t care how good my dog is, it’s not going next to my newborn. 

Smart parents letting a dog that sheds so much inside the crib. 
Hey guys please don’t put a 100 pound animal in a crib with your baby please ok thanks
He protec, he protec, but most importantly he protec
I don't understand why this is cute. There is not reason for an animal to be in the crib with the baby.
Doggo: Guardian of Smol Hooman
He protecc 
Our pitmix has taken to rolling on her side when the babies cry. We think she wants to nurse. 

Our beagle/lab mix was terrified at first but now he’s taken to sniffing them any time he can and will rock their rocker seats.  He also lays or sits right near them to be able to watch over them. 

Both are always closely monitored with the babies (our pitmix can’t get up unassisted so she’s especially not a danger)
Bad move actually letting the dog inside the crib. That's where I draw the line.
Don’t put your fucking dogs in cribs with infants for internet points. 
I think I draw the line at having the dog IN the crib. 
Chonky
wolves live in families with two parents and multiple litters. this wasn't found out until like 7 years ago or something, only the alfa male and female breed because they are the parents and the rest are siblings. the older sibling care for the pubs as much as they can though.   


Family dogs simply believe they are adopted children to the other packmembers and if new siblings arrive will protect them as if they where their own as is their nature.
[deleted]
I’m not one of those people who think you should keep all dogs away from all babies at all costs but seeing him adjust his paws made me a little nervous. I could see him accidentally scratching that baby in the face and leaving him with a potential lifetime scar all for the sake of a cute video. Be careful people and know your dog!
Clearly the mother is around when the dog is around the baby and that is paramount to safety. I think this is adorable, the dog is like "I must love and protect the human puppy" 
Wish people would stop posting this without crediting the owner.

This is Millie @milperthusky on Instagram and Parker is around a year old now
Yeah, this is cute as shit, but I wouldn't be encouraging a dog to get in a crib like that. Most likely nothing will happen I know, but it's a hell of a risk.
Not very smart putting the dog in the crib like that.  Through nothing intentional, the enclosed space could lead to the dog stepping on the child or scratching him/her.
This is not really very safe at all and makes me cringe. :( Please don't let large animals near you're baby. They could very well get jealous or possessive and either is going to cause you a big problem.
You won't find a more loyal, loving and protective animal.
Downvoted for dog in crib
[I think this is the same baby and husky. I like the moment at 5:52.](https://youtu.be/9-IZOCp71K0) Also, that double chin haha.
Agree with everyone about the crib but remember baby will be crawling around the floor of the house with "dog butter" all over the place.  This child will be exposed to "germs" and will be all the better for it later in life.  But the crib man, totally off limits.
"I shall protect this warm moving potato with my life."
Please give credit to the owner of these videos. His channel is Milperhusky on Youtube. 
cute dog, too bad the kid looks like a tomato
Queue people who say ‘this is unresponsable behaviour as a parent’ ...
I wish my dog acted this way around my boys. He’s not aggressive or anything toward them, he’s just really passive and basically tolerates them being around. We had him for five years before my wife gave birth to my oldest. We’ve had another one and my dog just seems more annoyed than anything. He will lick them every once in a while and let them climb on his for about two minutes but nothing like this videos or others like it that I’ve seen. Makes me kind of sad to be honest. 
Baby parker and Millie 😍
Man I sure do fucking hate babies.
Is my hooman
Why do people need to have their animals so close to newborn babies? It's bizarre, and dangerous.

Your dogs are not enlightened beings. Just like people, not all of them are 100% reasonable 100% of the time...and babies themselves are not entirely reasonable. 

It's not beyond the scope there could be some miscommunication between an infant and a dog leading to trouble....but not your dog obviously, it's special.
The Husky is like "plz human, can I eat it?"
22 days ago

https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/ail5pv/husky_good_boy_helping_mum_look_after_a_new_born/?utm_source=reddit-android
this can be pretty dangerous though. never trust a dog with children.
No, he just wants to be in the vicinity of the new “attention zone” hoping he will get some of the overflow.  
Although its incredibly cute when ever dogs try to be gentle around babies, dogs are clumsy little fucks. They can try to step around a baby, but chances are, the dogs gonna kick it by accident when its really excited. Dog are like kids, they don't know when to calm down and although its adorable, its pretty dangerous around the child.
I’ve seen this gif so many times on so many different subs, low key getting sick of it
All os fun and games until the dog barfs om the baby
am near, am happy.
No! Way to close to the baby. 
My new hooman may need me

Must watch

Not even blink 

May miss something
I know this is ridiculous to say and i am ashamed of myself but why do i find dogs way cuter than the babies. 
[removed]
I’m  a CPDT and I don’t see what’s wrong with any of this. There is nothing detrimental to the baby going on and this is not going to ‘spoil’ or teach your dog bad behavior. There is no scientific evidence to support any of the claims in here that this is detrimental to the baby or to be temperament of the dog. In fact encouraging this kind of gentleness with babies can greatly improve the dogs overall temperament; and not just as it relates to babies. 
Love to have one like him :)
🎶 let me tell you about my best friend 🎶
♥️
This baby looks like Jack jack from the incredibles.
Don't let the baby burn down your house!
Never seen a sad baby and a doggo together. Guess it just be like that /shrug
He protecc
I hope if I ever have kids I have a dog that will protect them like this husky protects that baby. 
Future best friend forever alert
You mean, he's one of the others? 
Awww
Yep where's the subreddit with dogs protecting babies and kids? Humans or animals, I don't care. 
I love malamutes!
 I adore how this dog just gets he/she has to be gentle with this tiny human. Our Dal was the same, she just knew it. Super cute
I can't wait to have a baby and see my pup react. Hopefully she'll be like this.
What bout the dogos paw
It's cute but I'm nervous the dog may get sstartled by a random scream or cry and step on the babies soft spot, or the baby could do something to hurt/anger the dog and get bit in return. Still very cute and I'm sure the dog means well.
Are human babies as cute to dogs as dog babies are to us?
Obligatory obligatory.
Furry angel 
doggo care about smol human
Cute puppy cannot wait to play with his new friend! Furry love in motion.
Knew immediately who’s husky and child this was from YouTube! Millie is such a sweet husky.
Wild hunt
Stop making me want to get a dog even more! My wife said not yet :(
Huskies always get UVs
Night gathers, and now my watch begins. It shall not end until my death. I shall take no wife, hold no lands, father no pups. I shall wear no crowns and win no glory. I shall live and die at my post. I am the sword in the darkness. I am the watcher on the walls. I am the shield that guards the realms of men. I pledge my life and honor to the Bambino, for this night and all the nights to come.
Doggo's face is SOOO happy when it's in the crib next to the baby and it melts meeeee!
Protect the hooman
ew so gay
Milly?
I have the image of our dog barking her head off next to the pregnant belly, then the baby fast asleep with doggo barking right next to him. That was her baby, anyone that came over, she was between them and her baby.  I don't get the germaphobes, kids need some exposure to dirt. 
seems too oppressive for my comfort
"This one was only the watcher. Pet him first so he can watch the baby some more" - a more family friendly Robb Stark
What a sweet pupper. When we brought our kid home, my weimaraner looked at us as if to say "Oh... a kid, huh? That's cool. Where the fuck is dinner?" 
Who else's brain read the post subject and immediately went

*...things just aint the same for gangstas...*
I'm excited to see how my malamute will act around the baby, my wife is currently in labor so we should find out soon...
We don’t deserve dogs. They’re so wonderful. What a good boy/girl. 
I literally grew up in a kennel. My parents bred and showed German Sheperds. I was always surrounded by puppies or grown dogs. And when I was a baby we had a male one who guarded me while I was sleeping.   
But...I was never hurt, and my parents knew enough to actually not let me be alone with the dogs, or let them be too close when I was tiny. There was ALWAYS boundries.  
I have always felt a strong bond to dogs because of my upbringing.   
Problem is when/if a dog starts resource guarding. Never EVER et kids be alone with dogs, becuase kids might hurt the dog aswell. 
Currently fostering a young cattle dog that does this for kittens we're also fostering. She helps toilet them as well even though she doesn't like the taste 

We're constantly getting up her because she will go check on them and bump her nose through the playpen they're in and wake them up. Then we have to deal with a bunch of squealing kittens 
I loooooove this pooch. Protector, best buds, and playmate always. 
I am a cat person.  But now I like dogs.... 
Our dog a corgi used to lay under my pram guarding me when I was a baby and he used to growl at anyone that came close, dogs are so incredibly protective it's amazing.
“Who watches the watcher?”
I could watch this all day. 
r/dogswithjobs
There needs to be an r/dogswatchingoverbabies subreddit.
Too cute. I love how doggos "imprint" on babies. 
MY HEART I CANT
<3
Aww! Millie is life.
Nice repost 
Little hooman
What a beautiful video, God really treated us with dogs
My fucking 🖤
I really wanted a dog when I had my second child. Our landlord wouldn’t allow pets but I wish I could have had this type of dog and baby bond. 

I don’t think the dog is in the crib when they’re not in the room. I think once the video was off and they were leaving the room, they’d have had the dog leave the room too
They put his whole ass in the crib? Lol

Millie and Parker. ❤️

https://youtu.be/aqCajuuujYc
Things just ain't the same for puppers.  
A guardian for the baby 
it makes me wonder what the dog thinks of human babies
This is boardline r/dogswithjobs or maybe r/dogswithSELFAPPOINTEDjobs

I grew up
With animals but in a dog category I had pits, rocs, and labs I always wanted a beautiul huskies they just so damn expensive 😩😩
protector
the whole time the dog is thinking, “pet me little human”
I feel bad for anyone who tries to attack that baby.

That dog is going to protect it with everything it can.
P R O T E C C
God damn I love dogs! 
What did we do to deserve dogs.
Did anyone else have Dr. Dre's "The Watcher" playing in their head as they watched this?
Reminds me of the dog my grandparents had when I was growing up, her name was Buffy. Whenever us kids would stay over Buffy had to sleep in the room with us. None of my grandparents' dogs since then would do that. I wonder what made Buffy different but after seeing this I think it's because Buffy first saw us as tiny babies and that what we always were to her.
Why can I only upvote this once?
It deserves at least 3 episodes. :)
Even babies raised by wolves you know, they know exactly when they've been used… (for upvotes, heh) 
I was absolutely unprepared for that chubby baby face oh my GOD
When will it throw the ball?
He loves his buddy
Dogs and babies are great. Our Pomeranian is fucking obsessed with our daughter. Our German Shepherd could give a fuck less, and our husky just wants to be outside all day. Personalities. 
Watchboi
As always, everyone saying BUT MUUUUH IS A DOG IN A CRIB MUHHHH

Keep your opinions to yourself
You’re never getting the hair outta that crib ever again lol 
The yt channel is MilperthHusky
Smthing along those lines
Rusky
Think of all the treats and dropped table top food this good boy is gonna get from that little guy when he grows up. Husk's in it for the long con
Every time I watch these videos I can't help but wonder if there's ever been cases where the family thought old pupper was the baby guardian but then the animal instinct kicks in and he ends up hurting the baby? I dunno weird thought I always have cuz at the end of the day he's a domesticated wolf lol 
why is this so **cute**
Very cute
The watcher 3
Wasn't this recently posted and hit the front page and locked because of all the people who didn't like the dog in the crib (what if doorbell)? Round 2 lets see if it goes the same way.
Things just ain’t the same for gangsters 
/u/scaryarri
?
Best babysitter and affordable too.
“Night gathers and now my watch begins. It shall not end until my death. I shall take no wife, hold no lands, father no children, wear no crowns, and win no glory. I will live and die at my post. I am the puppet in the darkness. I am the watcher of the crib. I am the shield that guard the realm of babes. I pledge my life and honor to the Pup’s Watch, for this night and all the nights to come.”

-Pup’s Watch
Well, the footages are taken from the YouTube channel called ‘[milperthuskey](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrdt0afUIkvx_afZV4CUiHg)’. They have bunch of great videos of their two huskies. 👍
As a Kingdom Death enthusiast, this title gave me anxiety. 
The dingo
Cutnest 100
I LOVE HUSKYS

&#x200B;
Reeeeeee
Can’t help but wonder if an ancestor is working through the dog.
I think they have a youtube channel -
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrdt0afUIkvx_afZV4CUiHg
I'm jealous of the baby's cleft chin. I wish I had one. The cleft chin, not the baby (that I want to smother with hugs and kisses!).
This is cute!  I can imagine it gets annoying a bit though.  Dog is keeping a decent distance when the baby is being held though.
*I am the watcher in the house, the shield that guards the babies of men* 
Remember child, the fey are tricksters. Bad to the bones. The lot of em. So hush now and rest. While i keep watch. And per chance these tired old bones sleep... remember .. the watch is for yours to keep.
That's the baby.  I love this
Aww that's his baby now
This is too cute for me to handle. 
"We are the Watchers of the Paws!"
It's not healthy
I miss my husky now 
Aww 🥰 
Quality gets lower each time it's reposted.
Wheeze
What a cutie.
Ummm wtf? That cannot be safe 
He's a Stark.
Me with my first cat.

(RIP Nibbles)
Another repost 
i love huskies awwww
Do all dogs actually care about their owners children? When I was a little baby my grandma's dog would sleep under my baby bed to guard me. (The dog was black coat boxer - rip)
The YouTube channel is milpert the husky  
Omg it’s Millie!!
Mary Huskins :D
Follow them on Instagram @milperthehusky 
Is this training? Or is it natural?
"I'll watch your puppy ma!"
Even tho I've already seen it on youtube I still aww'ed this time.
Good dog
guardian angel doggo
I will never not upvote this, so precious!
d’awwww
This is cute but it's not worth having your dog flip its shit for some reason and eat your infant. Dont trust dogs with infants America. 
My husband and I have two huskies. One boy, one girl.

We once had some friends come and stay for the week, and they brought their newborn kid. I was immediately anxious, because neither of my dogs had never spent any time with children, let alone a baby. 

The female would go hide somewhere because she hates everyone unless it’s dinner time or she wants her ears scratched. 

But the boy totally doted on that baby, and the baby’s mother. He was at their side at all hours, laying around calmly until the baby began to fuss. When the fussing started he would get up and put his head in the mom’s lap until the kid calmed down. If she went to go change the baby, my dog would lay down outside the door until she was finished. When he was in his crib, my dog would get up and go check on him every so often. 

Like, I know huskies are pack animals, but it blows my mind how sweet they are...
[If this video had music, this is what it would be](https://youtu.be/A6uxiSsPWuA)
That’s one chubby-ass baby 
He protecc
He attacc
But most importantly
He got your baby's bacc.
Hey thats Millie! this gif sums her up as she's a huge softy. Here's the full video if you guess are interested. https://youtu.be/aqCajuuujYc
The most attendant watcher you will ever find 🐶💕
We need more and quicker reposts. I've only seen it 4 times this year.
[removed]
You have to whisper it

^The ^Watcher
"This smol hooman smells weird, but I like it"
Isn’t that Millie? 
"You made this?

I made this"
Oh no is that a dog and a baby not on my watch
Dat chin-ple! 
terrible parent
I love this video every time I see it.
He just wants to be with his new favorite Hooman. 
Good boys make the best guardians
Melting.
Super cute baby, super cute doggo! But having the dog inside the crib though? My mind immediately goes to baby being scratched or suffocating. 
"Please stop watching me so I can peacefully eat this man-larva."
/u/oneeyedpetey
I just plain love this.  Beautiful dog......
The creepiest shit I ever saw.
Every time I see something like this I'm reminded of how much we don't deserve doggos!
Who wants to know their IG Name: It's @milperthusky
Watchdogs 
The dog is Awww 
but the kid is naaaw:D
1000
Was expecting Dr. Dre
I don’t care how many times this video gets reposted I will always upvote it.
My heart
He's a good boy
Anyone else hear the baseline to The Watcher - Dr Dre in their head reading this caption? Boo Doo Doo Doo do do
*quiet sniff sniff sniff sniff*
Why my eyes sweating wtf
The butt chin on that baby though 😍
https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/ail5pv/husky_good_boy_helping_mum_look_after_a_new_born/?st=JS3DIAMW&sh=ebd824f2

Hmmmmm
Can confirm, much better with cockney accent. 
Is this safe? Generally curious I feel like this would get baby sick 
[removed]
Why do dogs bring me so much joy? Their loyalty is unfaltering.
Nice legs 
 Artorias and Sif!
"I really wanna eat that baby"
I wish my puppies could be trusted around my baby like this! Sweet dogs but they don’t recognize her as a human being, yet. :/
This is super cute.

Correct me if I’m wrong but aren’t there some issues with potential germs related to baby exposure to dogs in very early infancy? Or does it strengthen their immune systems?


This was the case with a Maltese my parents owned. She wouldn't even let my dad touch me. Sadly, when my family moved away for 10 years and left her with extended family, she didn't recognize me... 
My mom told me that the dog we had when I was a baby would sleep under my crib and hang around me. She completely trusted the dog with me even in a room alone for a few minutes. What a great dog. 
Speak Friend and pass.
Not the Watcher I was expecting.
"Is it ripe, yet?"
We've got 2 mini Daschunds at home and when we brought home our twin girls 6 months ago the dogs were so curious. Now the dogs love them and even put up with the occasional ear tug or baby slap. The girls just giggle nonstop when they see the dogs
I really wish I could have this for my daughter. I'm 7 months pregnant and I had to leave my 8 year chow mix with my parents because my husband is deathly allergic to dogs. :( 
I've always wondered if there has been any medical research into whether having a dog/cat/pet near your young child like this helps with prevent future allergies/illness/etc.?
I remember a story about a husky who would bark and growl and throw a fit every time the baby was left with the sitter. 

Parents couldn’t understand the out of character behavior and decided to put cams in the nursery to find the baby sitter was abusing the baby and the dog was trying to defend the child and warn the parents. 
Things just ain't the same for gangstas...
Millie!!!!
Isnt that millie? I saw the owners video on YouTube a while ago.
I always wish my dog was like this :(
Best friend for life.
So do dogs recognize babies by their scent being that of their owners, or do babies release some type of "baby pheromones" that dogs pick up on as well?
My mom's dalmatian is the same way we have to constantly pull her out of the crib from the babies. She has done this with all 5 of my cousin's babies. 
This baby looks like muscle man from the regular show. 
I love Rupert and Millie! Been following these two on Instagram for a while now. 
u/vreddit_bot
I would say it's ok for die/live for these kind animals..😍
Currently my pug is still jealous of my new born and is loving the attention from visitors....
Over-sweet 

btw this was stolen off a youtube vid : [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j\_usyyYNnrM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_usyyYNnrM) 
adorable and i own two huskies, id let my baby around the older one, but my puppy no way. husky puppies are way too volatile and hyper 
Things just ain't the same for gansters
Times is changing, young n***** is aging
💕
I wonder why they did this. 
Our husky is the same way with our 2 month old.  
When I was baby my parents first dog (who was 14 at the time) was super protective of me. She was extremely gentle and nice to me but if anyone besides me parents were to approach me, she would get up and growl until they backed off 
Sometimes I think about the fact that if I ever have kids they won’t get to meet my dog, and it makes me really ducking sad. I want everyone that will ever be important in my life to be able to meet my dog. 
Reason 1,348 we don't deserve dogs. 
r/yesyesyesno Don't put the dog in the crib! He/she might be the gentlest and most mindful creature alive, but letting it in the crib sets precedence and it might get up there when it's not meant to and may accidentally hurt the baby!
We are The Watchers on the wall!
https://youtu.be/9-IZOCp71K0

Same baby and dog? Yes! 0:50
Am I the only one that thinks it should have been the lurker not watcher 
We don’t deserve dogs. 
Wish my husky was like this with my 4mo old daughter. She's just gotten to the point where she'll be near her if she's not being held. And god forbid I don't show attention to her if I'm doing something with my child; the jealousy howls come out fierce. 
Everything else is cute but no way should the dog be in the crib. 
Is that Millie ?
This is very very old. 
😍💖😍💗👏👏
That's Millie I guess!!
I hope our husky and husky mix love our son half as much as this malamute does when he's born in July! I don't think I would ever recreate that crib scene though.. heh. I love my dogs but I think it's important to know their limits, and my dogs in a confined space with my son would be very unsafe, particularly if a doorbell rings. 
Dogs are pack animals so it’s not hard to believe that when the alpha(mom and dad hopefully) bring home a pup(the baby) the dogs in the house would want to greet them and help protect and raise them however they can. Even if it is just watching over them 
Nobody is going to mess with that kid so long as that husky is around.
"Nope. Not ready to play yet."

"Nope. Still not ready."

"Nope. When is this little creature going to get up and chase me?"

""Oh, come one, just one game of throw the ball, that's all I ask." 

"Nope. Still just laying there..."
That's why dogs are better then most humans. 
You forgot about dre!
What type of dog is that?
Same thing happened to me. My dog was pregnant at the same time as my mum was pregnant with me. When I was born my mum showed me to our dog and she lay down as if "Hey I can help feed him".
Everywhere that I go
It's waiting for the day they can play.
Husky!?
friend for life
You guys know there's a thing called dog tax, right? Jeezz
Things just ain’t the same for gangsters 
Mom dad I’m still your child too 
I want this dog
Im not sure if thats cute or very bad..

I remember numerous comments on other posts like this, basically saying that some dogs will have a very overprotective reaction and basically "claim" the baby as theirs.. which can cause attacks and bite attempts. 

But im not a dogowner nor do i have any expertise in that field.
That is absolutely awesome! I'm amazed at how smart animals are sometimes!!!
The highest level of Good Boy is the one that watches the little boy. 
When I would come home from school, my cat at the time named Oreo would always be at my bus stop in time! And then he’d walk with me home and just follow me around, he was the cutest cat ever tbh. I regret not having a camera back then and taking pictures of him, but such was the life of a child with no money.
The first time we had people over to visit our newborn our boxer stood guard and watched them closely when they held our child. She got very close to them and it was clear that no funny business would be tolerated. It was awesome.
Dogs are Kids Best friend
Thats one hell of a chin
My husky used to get so upset when we tried to change the baby. She would throw your hands away and whine. She wanted to take care of that human pup so bad 
Every husky I’ve met has loved kids

My best friend’s dog [Luna](http://imgur.com/a/CbslQdk) accepted my son into their pack. Her dogs would play wrestle with him like a puppy and he thought it was the greatest thing in the world. They were best friends til we moved. 
Oh my god thats so cute
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrdt0afUIkvx_afZV4CUiHg
Are you a stark by any chance? 
That baby got a big old head  haha 
Huskies are so damn cute. Are they good apartment dogs or do they need a lot of room to play around? Of course, there would be morning and evening walks, etc. Just wondering if there are many people who have them living in an apartment. 
Animals that take care of you from when you're born thru part or just of your childhood are technically your guardians, right? 
Are Huskeys always so protective of children?
Doggo watch
Things just ain't the same for Huskies, times is changing, young puppers is aging, to make way for these new humans in diapers, stay on my grind I'll be always beside ya... 
Stalker!
I think we're all gonna need frequent updates on this relationship as it develops.
Young Sif and Artorias colorised
so, can we post this video every week for that juicy 70 fucking K karma?
Couldn't even credit the person who's content this it.

Classic Reddit. 
It was the same for me growing up except with a German Shepherd.

I still miss you Jacob ❤️
Is this Milper the husky on Instagram?
Aww, husky is guarding the baby  :)
Getting a little pink Christmas tree at age 3 is my earliest memory. 
Everywhere that I go
My family's first cat was like this with me. She would come out to the living room and start mewing to let my parents know that I was upset, and my parents would know exactly what it meant. She was like a feline nanny.
That baby will have a friend for many years 
I’d like to give up my reddit name to this dog 
"I am the watcher on the walls. I am the fire that burns against cold."
EDIT-added quotation marks.

I love Parker and Millie 💗
That pupper has the sweetest face!!
ahhh, just what i expected, all the shit lords giving shit baby/dog advice, dont put dog in cradle, dont let big dog so close to baby, dont let it touch the baby, stop having dog be dog, dog is aggressive has ears back, baby dead already due to bad parenting. fucking idiots
The silent Guardian

The watchful Protector

The siberian Husky.
My friends used to breed Alaskan malamutes
I like this kind of dog
Awww!!  A little boy and his dog
No Greater Live !
FRIGGIN amazing
Question? Will only a female husky be so protective of a baby, or would a male one also act similarly?
How do people get their pups to be so calm? My dog can't sit still for a second.
Its videos like this that make me think that the jungle book is real.
Awesome! I had a 245 pound Mastiff that was the same way with both of my kids, once he got his sniffs of them they were HIS and hardly left the area where they were. My daughter is three years younger than her brother and when we brought her home, he checked on my son first, sniffed her and that was it.

Loved my big Mo for 16 years before he decided it was time for us to say goodbye.
He protecc, no child neglecc 
Every place that i got is the same as before. whaaatcher
The watcher on the wall.   For the night is dark and full of terrors !
Good boi!
Bitch yo feet nasty af
Apparently when I was born my mom and dad had a cat name Zelda (idk if can guess that my dad is a gamer) and he took one sight of me and ran away. Also the story goes that the cat walked into the house one day and stayed till I was born.
Strange you don't see the same comments that come up whenever the dog in the video is a pit bull. Their defense is usually that bigger dogs have bigger risk for biting but this is obviously a big dog as well. With as much if not more of a biting force. 
This video is like a safety video for parents showing what not to do. I was nervous watching this. The dog is cute, but one wrong nibble or shift of weight can cause serious long-term damage to the child.
The babies face in that last clip😆
It is my duty to protect the little hooman
🤭
Basically all your posts are amazing.
Careful, prolonged early exposure could develop allergies. 
"hooman, ur pupper is taking long time to grow. It ok. I got dis."
He is the shield that guards the realm of men, the wstcher on the wall 
so cute!!!!
@milperthusky they’re the cutest things ever 
That is one hell of a good boy
The protector!!!
That kid is lucky. Nothing feels better than doggy whiskers tickling your face. Nothing. 
A loyal friend. A furry guardian. They'll be best buds forever. 
Babies are so weak and useless hahhahaha
How you gonna put a whole ass dog in your baby’s crib and think it’s a good idea
Pls dont let dogs near babies. They may contain bacteria that babies are not immune. They can also go crazy and bite the baby. I know that the chances of these things happening are not very high but why take the chance?
So many tihngs wrong here. Dog should know his place in the pack. Child is not equal to huim/her and you are just confusing the dog.Give it a baby's blanket or old toy to get used too the scent. Allow doggie to sniff room and etc. Not climb all over the new baby.
After being in the r/natureismetal subreddit I feel like the dog just wants to eat the baby
Y'all know this person probably doesnt let the dog in the crib, right? They filmed it because it was funny, but you can tell the dog knows it shouldn't be there.  And also, this thread is annoyingly "I would never let...".

I've seen y'alls kids. You need to stop throwing stones.
Dog is named Millie, you can see her on youtube
Channel name: milperthusky
Yuk get the dog out of the cot
I was all on board, until I saw the dog in the crib... Nope.
Lol don’t put a damn husky in the crib with the baby what the hell
Your baby is adorable! Love those chubster cheeks. ❤️
I saw him watching the crib and thought
“He deserves to be in the crib”
And then... 

I am pleased


(Edit: forgot to add “the”)
Such a lovely fluffball
Beautiful 
He’s taking care of his baby
a very good babysitter
He knows what needs protection the most..
Goodest boi
[removed]
[deleted]
The dog reminds me of the wolves from storks
This is so adorable I wish my dog was that nice
The dog looks fat and that makes me happy
CUTEST thing I’ve seen ALLDAY😍
Aww guardian puppers. That's adorable!
[deleted]
This makes me insanely uncomfortable. None of these behaviors are cute, they're all cues to separate dog and baby ASAP. Dogs should never be in grabbing range of kids that small. Bad post OP.

Edit: ???? I wish the general public had better education on how to read their dogs body language and mood. 
I just love their big hearts 
Good mama
It's @milperthusky on insta if you wanna follow them
this is so wholsome, It made my day :)
They can be so gentle. Its just the claws
A lot of armchair experts in this thread
Aww! Doggo doin a protecc.
[deleted]
New Hooman to protect!!!!!!
 i lobe watching dogs protecting babies
From last time this was posted... "Doggie in the crib, REEEEE"
Thats an ugly ass baby
Tbh i would not trust a dog near my baby, and i dont trust the look in the dogs eyes,
Anyone who let's their dog touch their baby is a bad parent
A lottttt of helicopter parents in the comments, sheesh. 
Him doin' a heckin' good protec! Gib he sum schmackos from me pls!
You can tell these parents see this baby & dog as toys for Instagram likes. One wrong move and that baby is dead or permanently disfigured and that dog will be put down. Selfish and stupid parenting as well as pet ownership. 
[removed]
How sweet!! 😍😍😍
