My cat discovered if she swiped my glasses, I couldn’t leave the house.

She’s done it three times so far, and I’ve caught her in the act about seven times further. She snags them from their hiding place and will literally hide them in another room, then watch very intently as I hunt for them using my phone camera to see (I’m VERY nearsighted)
Those screams shall haunt me forever. I love that cat. 
That flop of defeat at the end is perfect 
If kitty ever figures out those keys can be picked up and carried off, you're in for a whole new bit of trouble lol!
I never thought I'd ever say this sentence but I think it's time for some decoy keys.
I just need someone to explain why my cat hops in the tub with me every morning then runs away scared when I turn the water on.
Ah. This explains why my cat eagerly delivers my keys to me each morning. Asshole. 
This really goes to show how smart cats can be.

She figured out that there's a causal relationship between "human grabbing keys" and "human leaving". So she implemented a solution to try and stop the latter from happening. Clever girl...
Kitty is not pleased at the swift-fingered betrayal.
our semi feral outdoor cat used to realize if she sat behind my car i couldn’t back out and leave. i’d have to grab her and put her on the steps by my side door and then sprint to my car and back up before she got behind my tires again. it was an extra 10 minutes sometimes because... well, the cat is a lot quicker than i am. 
My cat has figured out that when my husband puts on jeans, it means hes leaving. She has this weird obsession now with the type of pants he's wearing. If she sees him change from sweat pants into jeans,  she starts yelling at him repeatedly. 

She doesnt care when I wear jeans  ^^I'm ^^totally ^^not ^^salty ^^that ^^hes ^^the ^^favourite..
[deleted]
Your aunt's lucky she doesn't make her chase her all around the house with the keys in her mouth [like this dog](https://gfycat.com/SplendidWildAnemonecrab)
I wish I could put into words the incredibly shitty week I’ve had.  Great big steaming piles of shit old shitty shit shit. 

This is the first thing that has made me not think about my shit week for a few minutes. Yes, a few minutes. I watched it like 22 times. 

That was adorable and hilarious. For such a chubbers cat, she’s quick!
Cats are so smart like this. My cat will attack my purse and lay on my shoes when I am trying to leave. Control freaks!
I need a cat that hates me vacuuming 
Lol as soon as your aunt got the keys she's like "oh well, I tried" 
that cat works for the fbi
stop leaving wtf
If my cat  Steve sees me heading to the shoe basket, he instantly attacks my ankles, forcing me to start tip toe running and shrieking because his teeth are like needles.  He knows what's happening and wants me to know it's total bullshit.  

He's a pretty effective communicator. Recently, I removed a picture off the wall, leaving the nail sticking out.  Steve was so curious about that nail that he actually got me to lift him up so he could attack it, lol.  

Afterward I realized my cat just taught me a trick.
Meanwhile, my fatass cat lays on his side while tipping his food bowl toward his open mouth
i am the cat -

don't Touch them keys!

i donno want 

you Leave, so *Please*

no one gets hurt

if you no touch

becuz i love 

you Very much

but i am cat 

n won't admit -

(i act like i 

don't give a sh!t...)

so go ahead

my friend, n *REACH* -

my claws don't talk

but they 

will *teach*...

-----------------

edit: a word


LOL it's SO CONFUSING "I hate you don't go! *lays on belly* no I actually love you please stay *tries to grab keys* WHAT DID I SAY HUMAN I SAID no I love you I actually do."
She protec
I like the part on how fast the cat just gave up but then gave that cat snide comment of *"Bitch better come back and feed me. Yes, Peasant, you may leave so you can make my money."*
[deleted]
You leave the catto, you get the scratcho
Lord of the Keyrings 
My cat just steals anything that is shiny and hides it someplace usually near his water bowls. He's like a little black dragon that likes anything shiny but always goes for anything of a golden hue the most. 
That is excellent advice I can take too since we just adopted an old man kitty who’s 14 at my house and he is still getting used to me a male but loves my girlfriend and our other female roommate. 
Cat: "How dare you! I decide what gets removed from the tabletops in this house."
My cat hates the alarms I use on my phone to wake up to. Took me a couple of days being late for work to realize he figured out how to swipe them off the screen. I keep my phone turned screen down now and if the alarms go off and I don't snooze them fast enough he'll wake me up or otherwise nudge me to turn it off. 
That cat probably feels very lonely, so this actually more sad than cute. While some cats are OK with being alone, most are not. If you spend a lot of time away from home, don't get a cat. Or get two, so they have each other when you're not there. A lot of what people think of as assholes behavior in cats is just them being neurotic because they spend all their time alone and bored.
"Fine Karen, you go. See if i care, look at me lay down here!"
Cats are so weird.  The cat is doing this because she loves your aunt but doesn't care if she gets bit/scratched/hurt in the process. 
Can I have my keys?

FUCK NO!!! 
Are we all going to ignore the can of whipped cream next to the bottle of wine?

Your aunt's into wine and whippits.
Tell your aunt to put the keys back. The cat has spoken 
If you ever think cats have no emotions, that right there is petulance. 
Thinking about this, it is incredible behavior.  The cat has established cause and effect for what the keys represent in your own behavior. 

Not long ago this was considered very solidly within realm of exclusivity in humans.
I love at the end how the cat lays down like "if you stay I'll let you rub my belly." 

Don't fall for that trick
Further proof that cats think they are overlords and should be worshipped 😂
Kitty needs a friend! Rescue another cat!
My dog does the same shit but when I put my shoes on. He’ll be chilling an as soon as he sees me putting one shoe on he runs to the door to block me lol 
Stop the ride! Camera stabilizers activate! Something!
My cat knows when I'm leaving for the day and jumps up on the bed as I'm getting dressed for some final scritches.  It usually ends with me carrying her against my shoulder as I get the last few things I need before I leave for the day.  
My cat hated when I'd leave for work. Got her when she was a kitten and working rotating shifts she couldn't grasp a pattern of when I'd be gone and come back. I'd give her lots of love before leaving but then she'd run to the front window and cry and cry and cry as I drove off. It tore my heart up.

So I started giving her treats before I left for work. It's "dental" treats so it's good for her too. Now everytime I go to the door with my purse in tow, she runs to the same spot where I give her the treat. I pet her, say goodbye, and she's happy. Doesn't run to the window anymore, next time I see her is when I come home 
I used to have a boy that did this with my work shoes. I had several pics of him sitting on them while looking at me like "Do you really wanna play this game again?".
He'd have been a good match for your aunt's sassy girl!
This is great! It's super cold here so my cat tries to lay on my beanie in hopes of stopping me. Poor guy gives me such a sad face when he sees me just grab another. I hope he never starts hiding them. 
Well now I know how to protect my keys from the FBI  and get that cash
My cat, a Russian Blue, and a smart little asshole, reaaaally enjoys causing trouble. One notable incident has me opening the fridge door to grab some food. He is on the side the door swings. Now he loves sneaking in to have a quick sniff around before we invariably shut it on him. This time though he watches as I open the door, waits until I bend over to look, and out of the corner of my eye I see him spring at the door, rear up, and push the door into me, and then sprint off.

The little furry bastard did to me what I do to him when he doesn't move out of the way. /r/hitmanimals.
I wish my cat thought I was that special😂😂
Cats are very social animals. They need another living being. 

Get her another cat friend and she will be more happy and less lonely.
get kitty another kitty .. most mammals are not loners..  she needs company.
My dog does similar when I put my shoes on in the morning. He immediately runs to my laptop bag and stands on it. Barks lots and freaks out on me when I grab it. Very cute, but also a bit annoying as I don't really want to go to work either...
I want someone to love me like this cat loves her owner ... excuse me, her servant
As a manager if you sent me this, you know what just take the day off and spoil that baby.
ha maybe if I look cute enough sprawled out,   she's reconsider abandoning me so cruelly!
This cat would keep my keys safe from the FBI
Cat:  "You're not allowed to leave the house because reasons."

Same cat:  "Here, I brought you this dead bird since you're such a shitty hunter.  I guess one of us has to support this family."

EDIT:  Thanks for the gold kind stranger!
Well thats not quite a normal behavior. I feel sad for that cat, wonder what happened to it when it was young. 
I hate to break it to you but you are in a controlling abusive relationship. Leave, lawyer up, and make sure cat does not get custody of keys. Also make sure he doesn’t try and rob you of more cat food than you have to legally provide. Good luck. 
Maybe the cat just wants the ability to drive away at any time and it has nothing to do with liking your aunt. 
This is what we in the industry call a cat burglar
Chonk(ey)
[deleted]
This brought back memories of incident involving car keys and a cat of a friend back in college. Friend A loved his cat. It was black, long-haired kitty that liked to play fetch with wadded-up paper. Friend A leaves his apartment one day and his roommate, Friend B, gets a stupid idea to mess with the cat. 

Friend B gets about a 4-ft length of fishing line and attaches his car keys to one end and makes a slip-knot out of the other and then snares one of the cat's hind legs. 

When the cat realizes something is up he messes with it a little with a confused look on his face, everyone there laughs a little. He then decides to leave the area. As he pulls the line and car keys, he realizes he really does not like this and takes off with some speed. The keys hit him in the rear and then things get crazy. 

He starts flying around the apartment, keys continuously catching up to him and hitting him. He is knocking stuff of the coffee table, dishes off the kitchen table, pictures off the wall, etc, all the while screeching. No one is laughing now and Friend B realizes that Friend A is due back any minute. 

It took several minutes to corner the cat and get him securely wrapped up in a blanket, then a few more to cut the slip-knot off its leg, but it was done prior to Friend A getting back. Thank goodness no physical damage was done as a result of Friend B's stupidity. 

From that day forward, any time someone jingled car keys, the cat would bolt out of the room and go hide. Friend A noticed and commented on this a while later, but no one ever let him know what had happened. 


r/animalsbeingjerks 
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I think this cat might need some discipline.
Guardian angel
Fat cat meow
The alternative to a designated driver.
>What is your quest?
Where I come from it's thought to be bad luck to leave the keys on the table. And now I understand why.
 your aunts cat hates when the keys leave, so she guards them. 
Damn, 6 more days and kitty woulda had a million dollars
This reminds me of when animals get anxious when they see bags by the door cause they know it means you’re leaving !
My old roommate had a cat. In the 2 years we lived together I saw it 3 times. It gave 0 fucks if he was there or not. Best cat I ever met. 
I like when she lies down next to them. "Go on. Try it." 
YOU CALL IN SICK RIGHT MEOW!
/r/Bossfight 
Got em
It would seem this device is a mechanism the human uses to disappear into thin air for 8 hours, 5 days a week. I must get to the root of this phenomenon, but first, I must prevent the human from coming in contact with the contraption again. 
WOOOOO. Oh my goodness lmfao 
D’aww
My cats freaks out when I get dressed 8n the morning and lays on my shoes as I head for the door. I have to gently prod her off so I can go to work. 
My sister's dog would bark and go crazy the moment you touched your keys, said goodbye, grabbed your coat, put on your sneaker, give a hand shake, give a kiss goodbye or walk towards a door. Worse dog ever but we all loved him very much. RIP Pelle we miss you and your crazy self.
Your aunt’s laugh is adorable. 
I like how at the end she just goes, “Shit she got the keys. Plan B, act cute” 
Your aunt needs decoy keys.
Bello
As long as I’ve fed them in the morning, my cats walk me to the door. 
I like how the cat used the classic “look I’m cute and laying down” move to make you think he isn’t guarding it...but is. Classic cat move. 
I love how the cat I'd smart enough to know that the keys means she's leaving
This answers that question on r/askreddit about hiding your keys from the FBI. Just have that cat defend them after a bit more training. 
The cat was obviously distressed about something. The cat didn't take her keys.
This kitty needs a friend 
The FBI will never get the keys
looks like I found the answer to this question: https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/aqf3bi/you_are_offered_1000000_usd_if_you_can_hide_a/
My cat either pops my bike tires or sits on top of the exit door so I can't close it.
Most animals: here let me prove to you I'm not a threat by laying on my side/back and presenting my belly.

Cats: here human human, come pet my cute belly... HA HA, you fell for it AGAIN!  Have some scratch marks and run away squealing like a little human female.  I know you'll be back later for more belly rubs...
Aunt: can I have my keys please?

Kitty: *demonic screaming*
Your aunt might want to consider a second cat. My wife had a cat once who would get lonely and destroy the house while she was at work. Once she got another cat he was content and would snuggle with them constantly.
Found my way of keeping the key away from the FBI for a week.
My cats are more likely to open the door for me and then lock it behind me.
Separation anxiety at its worst... He just loves her so much!!! Sweet baby at any other time I would bet!! Gives great lovins
My cat just goes into rage cuddle snuggle mode when I'm about to leave so I have to stop by for 2-3 minutes and please hin <3
Aaaah kitty love 😍😍😍
Guard cat fail. 
😿
"Your cat won't let you leave home? Look if you don't want to come to work just stay home. Don't bother coming back!"

"But-"*click* "See, you've got me fired!"

"Meow."
Is not that the cat hates her to leave. The cat owns the house and it doesnt want her slave to escape.
I’m sad for the cat :(  She’s lonely without her.
The trick is to smother your cat with love, so that when you’re ready to leave, it’s tired of your shit brings the keys to you.
cat at the end
*damn jt*
*mission failed, you’ll get em next time*
/u/prodigalbiker 
Cat even tries to tempt the owner with belly rubs instead of the keys. A bold move indeed.
My dog lays on top of bags, luggage, and clothing you're about to put on and go out in. 
As I understand it dogs have been with humans for far longer than cats. I feel like the synergy between cats and people will continue to evolve.
My cat gets jealous when I brush my (long) hair and won't be quiet until I stop and brush her fur (with a different, cat-specific brush, of course). She starts up again when I try to finish brushing my hair. I wonder if she just wants to use my brush.
AWWWWWWW THATS SO SAD AND SWEET BUT MOSTLY SAD ... just stay and love the cat
My cat HATES my phone. Partly because my phone is my alarm in the morning, which always wakes her up / scares her, and additionally because she knows when I'm on my phone I'm not paying attention to her. She chews on my phone / bats it out of my hand or tries to run off with it whenever she gets the chance. Such a sassy demanding kitty 
Train kitteh, to protect the remote when you go tinkle. THEN you would have something!
Swipes keys from under cat, cat momentarily looks frustrated then lays back down “ugh whatever bitch I don’t care.”
this would be a fucking pain
If my cat hears me pick up my keys, he protects the door. Then after after I've managed to make it past him, he runs to the window facing the front and paws at it. I like to think he's waving goodbye. Breaks my heart every time.
If I ignore my cat and try to sleep in, she will pull books of my bookshelf and then stare at me. If I don't respond she'll keep pulling books off.

At least I'm never late to work...
Thats one smart cat
The day my cat figures out how to do this is probably the day I stop leaving my house... Can't break her heart like that.
r/antiwork
This makes me sad. That cat needs a friend.
This is the content I came for!  This is America's funniest home videos quality
It never ceases to amaze me just how smart these little fur babies can be sometimes.
u/wolverine-claws



HAHAHAH I love that sound.

Halfway between a meow and a hiss.
Lol oh wow. Good kitty.
In that case my stray cat escorts me till the end of the street.
Ok I'm not really a cat person but this is insane, I want this guard cat ! 
Bitch, buy yourself a wall hook. 
If shes late to work, does her employer believe her reason?
Solution. Leave your keys in your coat pocket or hang them up.
Your aunt's cat has behavioral issues that needs to be addressed by a behavioral veterinarian 
Perfect sub...I didn't know it was aww but I sure said it 
This is so wholesome 
"I'm taking one of my nine lives today, Karen..."
[deleted]
Kitteh needs a frend 
Is your aunt from the Midwest? I heard an OPE there.
I stayed at a friends house for a night and when I was getting ready to leave in the morning, my keys were no where to be found despite remembering that I left them specifically INSIDE my purse! It took us about an hour later until we found my keys  hidden far back underneath the couch?! The only culprit would have been the cat Lmao. 

I’ve always been a dog person and never owned a cat so this shocked me quite a bit lol 
that is dog in cats closthing

I wouldn’t be able to bring myself to leave my house if my cat did this
Her: Sorry i wont be able to make it in today 
Im having trouble with my cat

Boss: Did you say cat or car?

Her: Yes
I live above where I work and my cat knows the sound of the alarm being set and will be right there at the door.
If I hang out with the crew outside she will come out on the roof and yell at me.
Your aunt has the sweetest voice, she sounds like a nice person
My cats do that but with everything, we can’t go near them 😞
I would not have a job if this was my cat, "sorry can't come to work today, my cat is being to damn cute"
God I hate cats
My cat used to knock my birth control into the garbage all the time. I think she wants a baby brudder. 
Cat: YOU DON'T NEED THESE KEYS! HOW DARE YOU! STAY HOME WITH ME ALL DAY AND WATCH ME SLEEP.

Aunt: I need the keys so I can go to work and earn the money that pays for your tuna dinners.

Cat: Yea ok you need the keys.
OMG THAT CAT LOOKS ALMOST EXACTLY LIKE ONE OF MY CATS
Pet the damn cat!
😍I would never leave. 
My dog hot wired my Camry and drove around shouting racial slurs at the neighbors. I never wanted to leave the house after that.
This looks like behavior that should be curbed... the cat is starting to get aggressive and attacking. It's not a cute thing.
The lady is clearly showing interest in an item and them quickly backing away as the cat moves close telling the cat to protect said item. She could do this with just about anything and get the same reaction because the cat is viewing it as playing. This is not the cat trying to prevent her from leaving.
To be serious for a minute, it seems like this cat has separation anxiety. Everyone saying it's an asshole cat or needs discipline is missing the point. It's scared, lonely and bored.

&#x200B;

It's worth looking into how to treat it. There are definitely some things you can do to help it. For example, make sure it has enough stimuli while you're gone, with toys etc. Make sure that it's getting lots of attention and play time when you are home. Don't make a big deal of leaving or coming home - you don't want the cat to associate excitement with you coming in the door. Do your morning routine including picking up the keys on a non-work day, followed by sitting back down/staying in the house to show that it doesn't always mean leaving (the fake-out technique, basically). 

&#x200B;

It is possible to modify cat behaviour and she'll be a much happier cat for it.
So this is why we had the FBI vs Keys threads on r/AskReddit today.
I love that cat.
No way the FBI is getting those keys
Pretty sad.  Why not get another cat so she's not so lonely.
Besides all of the people suggesting decoy keys and praising the cat does this not seem like super bad behavior that you should train out of your pet?
r/hitanimals 
r/animalsbeingjerks 
moooooom kitty is being a dildo!


I know a kitty that's sleeping with mommy tonight!
 Amazin! 
You win today human, but there is always another day....

&#x200B;
What a sassy little minx!

Edited to add: If she's anything like my cat she's going to piss on something out of anger the minute she leaves. 
Good kitty
Poor kitty :(
Your aunt's such a good sport about it haha
u/vreddit_bot
This is amazing!!! I thought my cat was the only one who tries to interfere with me leaving! She should maybe get something to hang them from on a wall above cat distance. 
She got them hands for an older lady 
Sorry ma'am but that is a dog
So just put a peg on wall and  hang them there. But probably more fun to play with kitty. 
Aww
"Can I have the keys please?"

"REE£"
My cat has discovered that I always check on her before I leave (to make sure she hasn’t gotten herself stuck in a drawer or a closet). She now hides on purpose when she knows I’m about to leave. Sneaky bugger wants me to stay and knows I can’t leave until I find her.
This is so awesome. My cat purs and rubs my legs every morning while I'm getting ready for work. I can't tell if she's saying goodbye and I love you or she's really happy I'm leaving soon, haha.
When I was still in my apartment my car would go running to the door when he knew I was leaving and just plop himself down right in front of it so I couldn't leave.
Cat has sepurration anxiety.
"Gotta test your reflexes before you leave so you come back safe" haha
So this is how you can keep keys away from the FBI.
Maybe this is the answer to that FBI question going around...
good cat
Omg that looks so much like our late cat Puddles. Belly flab and all
Or she is trying to tell you to buy an electric car.

*"damnit Karen, in this house we are environment friendly"!* 
Time to get a key hook 
Kitty needs her own set of decoy keys!
She needs to play with kitty more before she leaves. May she can get som sort of moving toy that she can set off right before leaving?
My cat used to knock my birth control into the garbage all the time. I think she wants a baby brudder. 
D'awwwww
I think her cat needs a furry companion to deal with the loneliness.

&#x200B;
My exe's Chihuahua was like this. She hated when I left and would start running in circles in my way, trying to stop me from getting to my keys. I really miss her.   

The dog. Not the ex.
They're getting smarter. We must be worried now. Before it was the robots and now this.
Meanwhile, mine sits on the bed and looks forlorn. 
Borderline abusive relationship.

Adorable af.
What happens when she comes back home?
this is so adorable
That's so adorable! How can you leave?
Def need to get a work from home job, and have all food delivered 
Omg!! This is sooooo precious!! I love animals so much!!
I miss my cat now.
No butts, meow
Awwwwwwww❤️
"DON'T LEAVE!"
Your aunt should get a friend for her kitty.
Probably hiding it from the FBI knowing the $1,000,000 reward 
That'll keep the FBI away.
Lets see the FBI get these keys now!
If I had to hide my keys from the FBI for a million dollars, I'd have this cat guard them.
Cat logic: Love owner too much. Owner must not leave. Will ASSAULT owner when she touches the leaving object. Yes. Good plan. 
I had an old laptop that couldn’t hold a charge for more than 30 or so seconds, so it had to be plugged in at all times. 
My fatass cat figured out that if he yanked the cord out of the outlet I would have to get up, plug it back in, notice how cute he is and give loves. Repeat constantly until I duct taped it. 
She needs to find a job where she can work from home!!!! That is so cute!! 😊
Damn that is so cute. Give her some scritchity scratches for some Reddit folk. What am I saying
Haha!! Too funny and cute! Glad my cat, or my dog, doesn’t do this 
I feel like this is more /r/CatsAreAssholes 
Can we get daily videos of this please?
Smart kitty!
I wonder if it feels defeated and sad when she manages to take the keys :(
So cute
I can hear the thump every time the tail hits the table 
TFW you're in an abusive relationship with your cat
The best friend when you're drunk
time to find a new place for the keys
That first growl was intense.
aaannnd then it went and dropped a steamer in your shoes...
Haaa my cat sits on my phone every morning! Cats are smart he knows I dont leave without my phone
Decoy keys. That's the ticket.
Username checks out
Plot twist: OP had a little too much to drink and kitty is trying to stop them from getting into an accident by diligently guarding the keys.
*every day ☺
Maybe her cat needs a friend :) 
Someone recently posted a video on reddit of a big orange cat CGI job putting it on a big Egyptian platform as Egyptian slaves carried it through the city, I wish I could find that video again, it was a masterpiece!  We have a cat that likes to be carried around on his pillow from place to place.  The pillow is heated so he does not like to get off of it when it's cold.  Every time we carry him on his pillow, he has an attitude that this is how it should be and we think of that video!   
Just let it drive
Jesus, just let Toonces drive!
Haha my cat does something similar but when I get home. He wraps his arms around my feet and kinda claws at my shoes until I take them off. The second I take my shoes off he stops lol
Damn the FBI got cats working for then now. 
Finally, a good cat -_-
Aww that cat looks a lot like mine
I think I just found the perfect place to hide my keys from the FBI
What a cute little asshole
That’s honestly sad lol
My cat sits on my backpack in an act of protest. 
Don’t you mean you ask her to film it for karma 8D
OMG she's saying don't leave me, love me, look pets, please.

I'm crying
My dog does this but in the form of running out the door and getting into a little bush that she favors so i have to go pick her up and carry her inside instead of getting in the car
My cat wont let us leave the house after we come back from a vacation.
Some dogs can already sense cancer by a person's scent. In the future, maybe dogs can be trained to detect when bar patrons are too inebriated to drive and keep their keys from them like this cat.
Someone rub her belly!!
My cat has a toy that she drops on the floor every time she wants attention. It happens a lot before I leave for work too. Them kittehs are smart!
That’s one smart cat
Omg so cute. I want one. 
I’d be late everyday due to guilt and trying to win back the kitties affection. Especially with those little screams 
That’s a responsible cat you got there , take good care of her 👍🏻😃
This cat was the correct answer to that FBI ask Reddit thread.
That is the most adorable guard kitty I've ever seen in my entire life.😻
Cat died inside at the end
That kitty sounds like it's smoked a few too many packs, or spent too many nights crooning in a smoke filled dive bar.
“Can I have my keys please?”  NOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!
Darn. Foiled again
My dog likes to hide anything to do with us leaving the house. ID badge, keys, shoes, wallet; she'll drag them outside and hide them behind the willow tree every time. It took a long time to train her not to do it, and the first place we check when keys are missing is still the backyard.
Cats have such toxic relationships with their owners, dogs feel sad when u leave the house, cats want to physically hurt you. They are like the abusive partner in a relationship 
This is too damn cute though, smart kitty
Is she pregnant
Our cat just gives us this look that says, "So this is it. You're going to leave me here to suffer and die. I should've known."
Well crap, now it is kitty's car.  Guess you have to call uber now.
Very sweet
Think that cat could fend off the entire FBI task force?
Tribal needs fire trucks and ambulances
My cat is well aware of the suit cases

If suit cases come out.. there’s a chance he’s going in the car and going on a trip.

He will proceed to hide under the beds...

Mind you... once he’s in the car... he really doesn’t mind it. 

Bengals are so weird
That feeling when your dog steals your 2nd sock while you're putting the 1st one on.
Adorable!
No wonder cats run the internet. They are so much more plugged into the matrix than even Neo.
Not again!
One year ago I had a chihuahua and two cats, through natural attrition, I now have one cat. The remaining cat gave zero fucks when either of the other two died, and doesn't care when I leave or when I come home.

He cares about being fed, and he sometimes wants ear scratchies. That's it. It's only because of Reddit that I know some cats have more personality than a ball of foil.
When I traveled every week, my dog tried to chew up my suitcase. I had to put it up on a shelf so that he couldn’t get it. 

And that made the cat pee in it, which made for a very uncomfortable attempt to wash my socks in a hotel bathroom that night deciding to wear the “clean” ones doused with cat pee.
All bark and no bite 🙃 
OMG a near perfectly executed battleflop, leaving the keys right  in the rear claw attack zone.
Awwwww, precious jailer cat.
My dogs does this with shoes, have to chase here through the house for 10 minutes to get my shoes. Then when I'm away she stashes my other shoes and cloths under my bed
My Little Man is an inside-outside cat, and he loves to sit in my driver’s seat when I go to leave for work. I have to carry him back to the back porch 2-3 times before he decides to stay and just watch me leave.
"Baby it's cold outside". Cats, Boradway musical version. 
Wow this cat is so much smarter than my cats! 
He is just like "please look at me so cute! don't look at the evil keys!!". Adorable
My cat used to lay on top of my shoes and look at me like "what? No shoes here."
Get that cat a friend. 
Once every year (or two) I take a trip to Europe, usually for 2 or 3 weeks. The morning of my flight, I get out the suitcase and start putting clothes and stuff in it and the cat will meow loudly, jump into the suitcase and try to stop me from leaving. "DON'T GO! PLEASE DON'T GO!" 

It's heartbreaking but I have to go. While I'm away my buddy will cat sit and send me daily messages "Your cat still hates you." When I get home, the cat gives me the cold shoulder for a few days. She eventually comes around again. 

Till next year...


One of our dogs  (I say we saved her from a neglectful owner, she kept her in a too small kennel and only fed her once a day) she chewed our sandals or shoes if we didn't keep an eye on her, took with us to a relative and found out she had (she doesn't do it anymore) separation anxiety, now she eats really quick and since we have 3 other dogs, she'll try to eat a good amount then go to the dog bed in a sectioned off area in the kitchen, I would have to call her back out to let her know she is allowed to be out and roam the house. 
Now the FBI can never get the keys.
my kitty will grab onto my leg and stay on until i get to the door... i always feel so guilty for getting her off and leaving :(
Yeah, hooman. You want dese keys? You can't have dese keys. BWAHHHAAAHHHAAA I'm cute and fuzzy and evil.
Awww he needs a friend!!
"Pet me master, and I will release your keys" 
This is very cute.  Maybe get kitty some feliway or put on animal planet
SWEET KITTEH!!!
This is the exact opposite of /r/MasterReturns :(
What a dreadful howl. 
Cute
u/Imnotdavidbowie00
Gotta feel for the cat, all she wants is to spend the day with her human and doesn’t understand why she leaves for long periods of time or when(or if maybe) she’ll be back. Mines will cuddle up next to me right as I’m about to get up to leave. She gives me these eyes that just scream “Don’t go,” and it breaks my heart everytime. 
Maybe that kitty gets lonely, would adopting another one be possible?
Awww my cat sits on my bookbag when I’m getting ready and then meows when I pick her up to leave 
That kitty definitely needs a friend. 
My cat would just follow me to the door and meow once when I started lacing up my boots like she was saying goodbye. This is like full on separation anxiety
Can I please have my keys?

#*NOOOOO*
Such a cutie
My dog will always try to play with me when I'm trying to leave for work to try and get me to stay, kills me every time. 
Hey /u/CallMeAnimal69 ... tell your aunt to /r/PetTheDamnCat ! 
I love this cat!
Good guardian kitty
😆 That’s so funny
Awww, she's so aggressive!!!!! so cutee33ee!!!1!# 🙄 lmao
I swear at the end. She meowed "bitch." 
Your aunt is a ninja
I only work 3 days a week, and I work nights. So my 4 days off I'm constantly changing my schedule. It's good in a way because unlike all these other posts my cats don't see a consistent enough schedule to try and complicate it. But my cats are still smart so they're always meowing in my face when I'm sleeping and they are always sleeping when I'm awake.
Is there a reason why she can't hide them in her purse?
My cat likes to stand in front of the door in the mornings. If I have a few minutes to play with her before I leave, she usually doesn't put up a fight. If not, putting a few treats in her bowl usually works. 

... Although, she could just be tricking me into giving her treats. 


Aww poor cat lol

My cat knows when i'm going to leave, so she lays on my backpack and won't let me take it, she knows i'm much of a fool and won't move her when she's laying there haha
Like Hotel California. 
my precious!
So cool
hah got em!
Look how cute I am...DONT TOUCH THOSE. 
Lol my cat also acts up when I try to leave. Well, one of them does. The other ones don't give a shit Haha 
Lmfao replace them with those toddler keys
i could cry this is so cute and hilarious

&#x200B;
My cat enjoys rushing into the bathroom while I'm on the can if I don't close the door all the way. It's kinda funny but annoying at the same time. Then she just stares at me while meowing.
I have 5 cats, and while 3 of them don’t really give a crap where I go, two of them have their morning rituals to try to keep me home. Lady will try sitting on my lap, or rubbing up against me while purring loudly. I think she thinks that if she acts cute and cuddly enough that I will be overcome with her charm and have no choice but to stay home. Tbh she does drive a hard bargain, but I always try explaining to her that I need to go to work to make money so she and her siblings can eat and live a comfortable life. Pretty sure she has no idea wtf I’m saying. My other cat Ruby will find my phone on my bed, and no matter where it is she will lay on it to hide it. I think she has figured out that the last thing that I do before I leave is put my phone in my purse. When I go to retrieve it from underneath her she will roll on her back and meow at me as if to say, “idk what you’re looking for mom, but I can assure you I don’t have it.” The cute act is over as soon as I try to move her to grab the phone and she tries to bat and scratch my hands. 
Proper lovely that cat
No cats on the dining table please 
Can I have my keys please?

*^REEEEE*
😂😂
This is so crazy because my cat's aunt does the same thing when my cat tries to leave for work. I told him to film it but he can't use a smartphone since he has paws.
get another kitty, she's lonely (but make sure they are a good match!)
Maybe get the kitty a companion?
Yewwww
So cute! And a little scary....! My cat is not quite that smart, but she knows if I turn on my bedroom light in the evening then it's time to hide under the bed where I can't get her and put her downstairs for the night. (Had to start locking her downstairs as her nightly routine was to scritch and scratch under the bed and be a general poa
Do we need a cat psychologist or is the house just haunted?
Open YouTube and leave a 9hrs of video for cats. 

She's gonna watch birds the whole day and be entertained while you're away. My cat barely looks at me when I leave in the morning now. 
Aww my cat usually tries to hide my phone if he sees me getting ready to leave.
Next she'll learn how to hide them keys so you can never leave
I love the alternating, look how cute I am can you really leave me followed by dont even tryit! clawing
I see a cat that wants play with you... Really.

Try playing. :)
Damn cat laid a trap. Then when she went for the keys attacked 
Aww that’s a gorgeous kitty cat. 
When I was little our cat learned how to open doors and also found our hiding place for the food after changing it like a million times,  they're very smart, but then they lick your head and it makes up for all of it. 
Time to break out the squirt gun
She got a nice voice 
A smart cat would hide the keys in the litter box. 
I love that kitty! 

I used to have a dog that would put her face and paws in the way while I was trying to put on shoes, because she realized shoes=leaving. 
Really nice. Cats are like that. 
I saw that earlier, haha
That’s awesome
just get her a little kitten buddy and all will be fine.
I love this damn cat.
This made me sad for some reason
Why'd you leave the keys upon the table?
That is one seriously cute kitty.
"SUSAN WHY ARE YOU LATE AGAIN!?"

"I keep you telling you sir I have to fight my cat for the car keys! I have proof this time time!"

"Show me the proof Susan!.... Awww who's a chonky Lil kitty. Okay, you're excused just this once!" 
He is so cute! What a good cat!
Mine, mine don’t care. Consider yourself lucky!!
Cats are smarter than people give them credit for. My cat has figured out how to open doors. Clever girl. She also knows when I take out my suitcase I'm likely going on an overnight business trip and climbs into the suitcase because she either doesn't want me to go or she wants to come with me. 
/r/catsareassholes
Lol my cats hate my guts and want me to leave
So cute ugh 
Get that catto a fren!
My kitty would just wait at the door. He’d get so mad if I moved him... eventually I learned giving him a treat got him to move. Just tossing one little nugget 
r/catsaredicks
And every cat I’ve ever had could take me or leave me.
Awwww.  I wish my cat cared this much when I leave the house :-P lol
this has 69k likes 
Looks like something my feisty little one would do.
My dog runs under the couch when I put on pants cause she thinks I'm leaving and she'll have to go in her cage 🙄
i read "my autistic cat"
She loves you 
Cat is tired of your shit, Carol.
It’s like the cat was screaming, “noooooo!”
My parents' dog growls at my mom when she changes into uniform for work.  She's basically a prison guard.  When she gets home from work he doesn't care about the uniform, but in the morning it means she's leaving and he pretends she's a stranger he's never met out of spite.
that is the sweetest thing. i would just never leave 
Cat: guess I’ll just die
*aunt’s

*every day
Aha! Got emm!
I envy the cat owner. I have 6 cats at home who only cares about me on feeding time. I'm working hard to give them a good and comfortable life and being ignored most of the time is what I get from them. Sad life.
What a smart kitty! You’re screwed if she ever figures out she can swipe them!
This is adorable and sad, at the same time. Still a far sight better than my hubby's cat waiting until after Daddy leaves in the morning to jet around the house,  yowling at the top of his lungs looking for him! He even makes a point to let the little guy know it's time for him to leave, giving him lots of loves, and he \*still\* does the yowling/searching for him. Aren't our cats weirdly wonderful? :)
Cat ppl the worst
get her a friend!!
Cats are too smart for their own good.
So cute!
TOO CUTEEEE
My cat would deliberately lie on my purse for the same reason.
My cat literally just eats food and sleeps
*lays down “okay you can go this time, but you’re never leaving the house again after you come back”
IF I CANNOT HAVE YOU, NOBODY CAN
GOT EEEM!!!
0
It's amazing how quirky some cats really are! My cat Velvet is very clingy with me, but she tries to act like she isn't. If I keep going in and out of a room, she will get so frustrated she also runs room to room. My cat Kratos is the only food thief I have ever known. He will also slap your food to try and claim it as his own. My oldest cat Katniss loves to curl up under the blankets with me on cold nights or nights she's feeling particularly clingy. All these things plus many more I get to experience everyday I'm alive. I try to accommodate them as much as I can so they have all become super spoiled. I would never want it any other way. Many times they are the only reason I get out of bed. It's truly amazingly just how much these little creatures impact our everyday lives. I'm sorry for rambling, I just really love my cats! 
My pup likes to steal pillows and make them his own. My sister and her family just moved out and they left behind old pillows in the basement. My dog follows me everywhere so this morning I went down there, he saw the pillow and made a run for it like I was going to stop him.

He now has two pillows.

He also likes to wake me up in the morning by standing over me or licking my forehead.
Omg so cute and funny 🤗😘 
It punishes itself each time with fifty hindu squats, it will do better IT MUST DO BETTER!
I would let the cat keep the keys and accept my fate. 
This looks like one of the cats in my neiborhood, I call her Socks. She normally says high to me when I come home from work and I give her scratches. 
Tell her to leave some food next time.
Aww! You are loved! But start hanging them or putting them in a drawer or clipping them on your purse if you don’t have time for this each morning 
Time to start hanging them on the wall. 
Ah, the bittersweet jingle-jangle of loneliness...
Are you brazilian tho?
That's a crazy cat, Lady!
Aww
r/catswhoyell
Oof my heart

my cat hates it when i stop petting him so when i try to move my hand away he swats at it and if i move it back he hugs it like his life depends on it 
I love seeing proof pets love us! 

I've been told that dogs are just master manipulators and don't really care about us.
yeah.. awwnoying
Was this posted to Instagram? I want to show someone but they don’t know what Reddit is. 
r/watchcatsdieinside
R/NonimaginaryGatekeeping 
This is hilarious! The little oop! And gotem! 😂 and the fact that the cat was SWIPING LMAO
That’s a cat that needs a buddy. 
Tell her to put the spare keys there as a setup then pull the real ones out when the cat is busy defending the decoys
I have a friend who has a super clingy cat as well and doesn't eat and acts out when she's not at their home. Does anyone have any tips that can lessen this behavior?
My cats don't even give a fuck if I leave.. Never had a single pet that cared about me going anywhere or doing anything except my Malamute. I'm the only one who takes him for rides, but his attention is totally for selfish reasons 
Is that an "Ope" I heard 🤔😂. Maybe the kitty is mad for running out of ranch dressing!

Ok ok, I'm done now, ope! Us Midwest people stick together 😂✌️💕
I never thought cats could be that clingy of their humans.
She's so cute.  What kind of cat is that?

My cat jumps on the couch to my shoulders when I put on my boots. 

Don’t need more than that lol 
I would not have a job if this was my cat, "sorry can't come to work today, my cat is being to damn cute"
Cat's probably lonely when momma leaves :( I hope she has another pet to keep kitty company. If not, your aunt should consider getting another one.
Your kitty needs a buddy. If they are alone in the house all day, you may want to consider a second cat so they keep each other company. Studies have shown that cats in multi cat households live longer and are much happier in general. You don’t have to, but it would probably stop this behavior and give your cat someone to keep them company all day.
That’s adorable. Though I wonder if the cat gets separation anxiety when left alone all day? Maybe get another cat to keep the first one company?
Make a decoy keyring please. That's precious. 
This is the cutest thing I've seen in weeks!

As a relatively new cat owner, I've found that cats aren't heartless devil spawns some make them out to be! They're actually very loving, caring and compassionate little furry friends! I love my cats as much as I love my dog, but for different reasons.
My dog sees or hears me interact with keys and goes full "we're leaving together right?" running towards the door, giving me that puppy dog stare, like don't leave me. Painfully cute every fucking time
Asshole cat. Selfish shit
Cats and dogs are becoming so smart and learned...signs of the times.
Auntie got some seek skills
r/catsbeingbanks
We don’t deserve animals. The love they have for us is unbelievable.
Well that’s a very angry cat!
Too cute!
My cat did this with my shoelaces!!!!!! Evil bastard i miss him so much
I can't tell if it's being a jerk or adorable.
How funny. When my dog sees me tying my shoe laces. He puts his head on my shoe, or pushes my hand out of the way with is head. Makes me feel so bad. 
This cat looks EXACTLY like mine. But hes a sissy and doesnt di this. He does however greet me at the door when he hears me pull up from work.
Brilliant.
Cats are silly creatures.
U/Stabbot
If i made a 100k post I'd quit reddit. You've peaked on the Obama level! 
This is why you get two cats. 
'Alright, get out and go fuck yourself' 
Poor baby 
This is so cute
When kitty lies down: “Walk into this danger trap, get a thrashing... if that’s what you’ve gotta do, meow”
/r/petthedamncat 
Awww looks just like my cat, except skinnier. He likes to guard my purse by laying on top of it
you can't leave.... you need to stay and pet and cuddle her forever. 
I had a cat that took my keys and my (metal, shiny) watch and hide them in her litter box. I thought it was a mistake until the third time or so.  


I also had a cat that wouldn't let me do homework. She'd come and sit on top of the books, and growl and swat (gently) when I tried to move her. Normally I'd think that's intensely jerk cat behaviour, but she was my older sister's cat before she moved out, and that cat knew she was the boss of me. 
I wish my cats liked me this much.
This cat sounds like Donald duck!
REEEEEEEEEEWR
Cats
Lmao he fights it til the very end
One of my cats (Link) sits at the top of the stairs and goes full pupil, a la puss in boots, whenever I’m leaving for work.

Zelda couldn’t care less unless I have to move her to get out.
/r/titlegore
So you just went and stole your aunts karma huh?
This is hilarious.  I love it. 
We have a cat with polydactyly, she has thumbs and is not afraid to use them. We watched in awe one night as she climbed on the side table by the back door (its in our lounge) and gripped the key that was hanging in the lock. I swear to all thats holy she was trying to turn it. This was roughly 2 weeks after we started locking the door as she had discovered she could open it using the handle. Both my boyfriend and I toggled between stunned silence and questioning each others memory/sanity for the next hour. My first instinct was I must have fallen asleep and dreamt it. I was too gobsmacked to reach for my phone to record her.
This should go on YT.
I love this cat.  Is so the same if my human left me daily. 
My cats are too lazy to care its the dogs who guard the door
my cat watched my husband pack a bag and leave for a weekend.i came home from work and she laid infront of the door thinking i was going to pack a bag and leave too haha
awww no the sweetest kitty
Can you be kidnapped by a cat?
Awe💕
Yer aunt is quick
A cat giving a damn about a human? Your aunt must be phenomenal 😁
Wish my cat were like that. He’s only cuddly when he’s sleepy..
I dunno about you guys but I think dogs and animals that actually love you are better 
Love the giggle. so true to life
I kinda expected the cat to like cry the moment your aunt grabbed the keys but that nonchalant flop of defeat suits cats better lol. 
Most of them do hate it when we leave!
Thanks, I love it. 
😂 so Awesome 😂
@Gandalf
aww she reminds me of my baby
u/vredditshare
This is like watching torture, give him a belly rub
I like my cats like I like my women; overbearing and crazy 
The feels.....
Got em 
My cat stands in front of the door and hises if I try to open it
"B-B-BUT CATS AREN'T EMPATHETICCCC!!" 
Real talk, I would enjoy daily updates. this could be a hit 
Then the cat pees in her shoes and at least one on any absorbant surface in the house
Your aunt needs to get her cat another cat I think. 
What a cat-astrophe
u/stabbot
My dog brings me my keys ...
This is why I love cats. They’re such lil wise guys 
How cute!
Maybe get the cat a friend so it's not alone all day?
I love this thread so much
Time for your aunt to get her kitty a friend! :D
She is probably too lonely. Is she leaving her unguarded and without company for longer period in a day? If she is, then she should adopt another animal for company. My friend's cat went coo-coo from loneliness, she was pretty aggressive. Sorry for bad English, it's almost 6 am here, just woken up.
he has solidified playtime for life. smart kitty
Any instagram for the cat anyone?
Loses keys, cats like "oh no, engage cutness so she doesn't leave!"
I would do the same if I gave shelter to someone and they tried to take my house keys.. 
r/redditforcats mod here, would you mind crossposting it there, titled as if you were the cat desperately trying to stop your owner from leaving?
Little Bodyguard!
That's a funny pussycat. Animals are smart and have a personality too. Cool stuff
I love that cat
This makes me inexplicably and deeply sad. :(

Stay with the keety! Don’t leave the house anymore!
Oh heeeellll no!
Act of purrjury
So sweeeeet♡♡
Your aunt's cat needs some excersize though.
Prisoner of Love!
Ohh my sweety
Omg... that is hilarious 
My cat also hates me leaving. She doesn’t guard a key, however she attacks my foot when Input my socks on.
That last lie down as if to say "God, Karen, FINE!! If you're going to try that hard to leave and abandon me!!!"
He's figured out how leaving the house works.
