My neighbor lady with the little boy and girl  from about a mile away calls me every once in a while  to see if their pooch has made to my house again, and 3 times already I check and there he is curled up on my patio chaise lounge catching a mid day nap
A doggo that chooses you is the best buddy to have!
Ask for his vet records as well. 
Aww, cute! Why didn’t his original owner want to keep him? I feel like there’s a story there. 
What goes around, comes around? 

A Boomer*ang*
We had a dog with a similar background. Her previous owner kept her on a chain all the time, so she escaped constantly. One day, she ran to the riding school my sister rode at. No one knew the dog, so we took her home (pretty far away from the riding school) and took her to the vet to see if she had a chip. Contacted the owner and he said 'keep her'. So we did. She still often escaped when she was with us (taught our pug to escape too), we even once had to get her back from people who wanted to keep her while they knew she was our dog by releasing her from their backyard while they were away. Then we had to move to a smaller house with a smaller garden, it wouldn't be fair to her to keep her still, so we gave her to a friend who had a lot of space indoors and outdoors and had a husky. She escaped again and found the home of a boy with ADHD. They connected immediately, she was allowed to stay there and she never once ran away from that home.
Sounds like fate to me. He was looking for a family and saw your wife and son and knew he’d found his people. I think this is the beginning of a beautiful companionship. 
Hi Boomer... so you adopted the OP and his family.. cool.
“This guy followed my wife and son home from the park”
*scrolls down to see dog 
Oh thank god
He looks like Sven, the reindeer from Frozen. Congrats on the new addition to your family!
Any other pics OP. He is adorable. 🤗
As a German Shepard owner, prepare yourself for the hair.  The neverending tumbleweeds of hair...
OP, a HUGE word of advice from someone who had to take a dog away from a HORRIBLE shitty neighbor...

IMMEDIATELY get something signed from his prior owners transferring ownership to you, then take him and the documentation STRAIGHT to a vet and get that chip changed.

If he somehow manages to get loose and the chip hasn't been updated, they're gonna call THEM, not you.  It can get ugly quick.  Like, Deadpool without his mask sobbing uncontrollably into a tub of rocky road ice cream while watching Brokeback Mountain with the Italian audio, ugly.

EDIT:  I took the dog I referenced here from a neighbor who let the dog run away constantly and didn't bother looking for him for hours.  I also witnessed him (the neighbor) punching and kicking this beautiful, loving animal in their FRONT YARD.  Hell, no.  You're giving him to me willingly right now, or I'm calling the police and adopting him from the humane society when they take him from you.  He lived 5 more happy years after he came to live with us.  RIP Jarvis.

EDIT 2:  Thank you anonymous stranger for the gold!  More backstory on Jarvis, my dog:  He was TERRIFIED of fireworks, and one night some asshat in the neighborhood decided that random September evening was a good time to set off some mortars.  Jarvis panicked and ran.  He tore off his collar on the fence getting out of the yard. Got picked up and taken to the pound, I hadn't updated his chip, and the prior abusive owners got called.  They decided they wanted him back and this was how it was going to happen.  Lawyers had to get involved and the humane society ended up investigating them and taking their 32 cats 90 fish etc before I managed to save him from her again.
BOOMER LIVES!
That happened to us years back.  Owner was husband's brother.  His dog (totally adorable by the way) was always hanging around our place.  I had even started to buy dog food for him.  We finally called and asked him about the dog, he told us to keep it that the dog P'd in the house, tore things up, barked all the time.  We kept him.  Best Dog Ever!  Never P'd in the house, never destroyed anything, did chase cars and bark at them, but otherwise, most loving animal we ever had.  Loved our children, would watch them like a hawk when they were out playing, followed any of us when we left the house.  Learned a ton or tricks.  Main was the love and protection he showed toward the children.  Such love...
25 miles means they dropped him off. He didnt get out and run 25 miles.
So awesome of you guys to take him in!  

My chihuahua was a similar case.  We found him emaciated on the street.  He was getting to that desperate stage of starvation where he would seemingly approach anyone for help.  

We fed him and followed him around to see where he would go, and he'd lead us to the same doorstep every single time.
The next day, we decided to knock on the door and ask if it was their dog.  The woman who answered seemed strangely agitated, said "No" and closed the door.

After following him one more time the next day, he again went to the same doorstep and so again we knocked on the door and asked the woman if this was her dog.  This time she said something along the lines of "Well, that looks like a dog that I used to have...but THAT'S definitely not MY dog".  After which she slammed the door on us.

So we decided to keep him and now he's the most loyal pup with a whole boatload of personality!  He's just extremely cautious around strangers now because we believe that that woman - the previous owner - used to beat him as he'd always wince when we'd go to pet him after first taking him in.  He still does it sometimes to this day, but then remembers that it's us and comes back for belly rubs ☺️.
That’s how I met my first dog! My brother and I were toddlers playing in the backyard. My mom stepped in the house for a second and when she came out she saw this big golden retriever/lab lying on the grass while we played with his ears, his tail thumping away. His owners said they didn’t want him anymore. How anyone can do such a thing is beyond me. He was the best dog. 

I totally believe that dogs know when there are good people around, people who will love them. I’m so glad Boomer is safe now. 
We don’t know the owners situation. I feel it’s unfair to just lump them in as terrible dog owners. It could be someone elderly that cannot care for the dog the way they need to any longer. It could be someone with medical issues that is going into hospital for a prolonged time. It could be someone that has family members with a serious dog allergy. They could have just dumped him somewhere else again (whether he ran off we don’t know or was accidentally left behind), but they didn’t, they could see this person cared for the dog. Point being there could be any number of reasons for not being able to care for a pet any longer. It’s not always so black and white. 
If Far Cry 5 taught me anything, he won't be able to ride in a car.
Story time! We bought a purebred Rottweiler. Gorgeous little guy, named him chef (from SouthPark). He would constantly escape/dig out of our 6ft fenced yard and go and sit in our neighbours semi-fenced yard across the road who had a young boy that lived there. After a considerable amount of patch ups and subsequent Houdini’s, we ended up asking if they wanted to keep him as he has clearly chosen them, and in particular their son, as his people. They said yes and happiness ensued. That kid was always out in the yard playing with that dog. And that dog never wandered from their yard, even though it didn’t have a gate. 
The maple kind?
Boomer lives!
Better to have called you than just dump him back somewhere 
This is amazing.


A similar thing happened to my friend. A tiny female chihuahua came up to him in the neighborhood we work in. The dog clearly adored him. She would let us pet her but the dog would clearly get anxious if away from him. He started talking about keeping her. We encouraged him to get the dog checked for a chip for fear he might be stealing someone’s beloved pet.


The next day he did the right thing and took her to the vet. She was indeed chipped. He was happy to be able to take her to her home but sad for obvious reasons.


When he got to the address, the owners were thankful and kind but less than thrilled, even though she had been missing for over a day. They mentioned that they had lots of dogs and that this one often took off. Nevertheless, they thanked him and he left.


This friend is very shy so it makes this part of the story even more heartwarming. He went back. The next day. Nervous as hell. Knocked on the door. Little dog was freaking out with excitement. I don’t know how he phrased it, but he asked if he could have the dog. And they said yes. Just like that. 


The two are adorable together. That dog chose her man. 
Can I suggest posting another pic in a few months?  I reckon he could have a rather different look in his eyes by then.
He looks so intelligent and at home.
I hope this doesn’t get buried, but if he is chipped with the original owners information, make sure they give you the vet record, and something along the lines of a bill of sale. Even if the dog is free, just have something on paper saying he was given to you. 
I don’t want to assume the worst in anyone, but I’ve spent years in the pet industry, and sometimes people change their minds. If they decide they suddenly want the dog back, they can easily claim you stole it, and not only would you have to return the dog, but you can be charged with theft of property.
Just make sure you have the legal backup to make sure everything (including his chip information) gets switched over to you. 
I lost my 17 1/2 year-old Dachshund last night, so this make me feel good.
Nostalgia time. When I was a kid, we had a sheltie named Boomer (mom's dog) and later a GSD named Bailey. We got Bailey from our babysitter, who always had him fenced up in the back of the yard so he'd be away from her other dogs. He was an absolute sweetheart. Allegedly he was a K9 dropout. He didn't know how to play. He'd watch our dog Smokey play fetch like it was fascinating, but never did it himself. Maybe he was too smart to appreciate it. Favorite story: one time there was a wasp bothering my dad outside, and Bailey found an old can of Raid behind some shelves we didn't even know we had, then brought it right to him. He wasn't just a good boy, he was a great one. In short, Boomer's a great name, GSDs are awesome, and having one just fall into place with you is extra awesome. Enjoy your new bestie. He looks lovely.
I'm going to disagree with the majority here and say I don't think  they're bad owners, almost the opposite actually. Maybe they had to move, or maybe something was coming up that was forcing them to give him up anyways. They might be heartbroken right now for all we know. But they saw that your family seemed like a good fit and made the better choice *for* Boomer, without being selfish.  
  
  
Bad owners normally don't realize that their animals would live better lives and be happier elsewhere. These people did. I bet he's loving his new home! 
At least they gave you the chance to have him instead of going directly to a shelter.  Bad owners, but good decision.  And, good for you!

If I didnt play with my mal she would chew her way to China. 

You're an amazing person and while I can understand the frustration with the owners at least they knew he was better off with you.
i don’t know the full story of why the owner couldn’t keep him (could’ve been something out of his control) but im so thankful there are people out there who would easily take on the task of making a loving home for a beautiful dog (every dog is beautiful) in need (,: 
You are a good boy for adopting a good boy
He found his people. ❤️
Call the chip company - the vet should be able to tell you which one by the number, otherwise call a major one and they will tell you whose chip it is

Get the contact info on the chip changed. You will likely need a letter from the previous owner, so do this asap while everything is fresh in everyone's mind, and the original owners haven't moved yet


Id be willing to bet money that they dumped him. Glad he ended up with you instead. 
Very cute and glad he found a good home with you, but also that is really sad that the owner just gave him away :( 
That’s sad they probably just let him out themselves I’m glad you took him in adopting a pet is a great thing and this dog choose you, you did the right thing👍🏻
Howdy Boomer!
Yeah, Boomer!   Good on you guys for inviting him to the family
It was so lucky he found u!
Holy shit I wanna hug that doggo. Give him all the loves and fun times.
He is so handsome! Glad he's got a family to love him. I've got to go hug my GSD now.
I love these stories!! Thanks for being awesome OP.
He looks like a wonderful dog, your family is quite lucky!
YAAAYYYYYYY!!!! The best 3 dogs I’ve had were owner surrenders!!!
Good name, Boomer always lives... at least the Dogs do.
Nickname BoomBoom 😊
That is the cutest thing! And also a nice man
He’s so handsome ♥️
Handsome guy living the good life like all good boys should.
He is amazing. 
Read the first line before the picture loaded and got very worried. He’s a beautiful man!
Aw he such a cutie I'm glad he has a good home now :) 
Hi Boomer! Looks like u picked a good family to follow home! Have a heckin good time in ur new digs ;)
It's a really cool part of life when they choose you🤘🏽
Update in a month
so glad you did this. Sounds like the little guy, chose you as his new family :)
German shepherds are the best! I have 2 myself. Get ready for loyalty and love!
He looks wise. He looks like his internal monologue is narrated by Sir Ian McKellan.
He is so handsome! I can't believe they would just give up on him like that :(

I am glad that he found his new family though :) you guys are awesome!
Wow German Shepard are usually one person only type of dogs.  He must really like your family!  It was ment to be.
 Congratulations! What a pretty boy! Your new potato looks just like our potato. Like they could be litter mates. 
Such a handsome boy.
This is pretty much exactly how I got my pup, he is going on 16. It was worth it. 
He’s adorable. Shepard’s are so loyal. You got a good one there. He’s a lucky boy 
Them ears lmao 
Sounds like he knew what he was doing and exactly where he was going... just took all the hoomans a min to figure it out. :) What a great looking pup. 
I read "this guy followed my wife and son home" and was worried 
His eyes tell the whole story, I’m sure Boomer is grateful he has a new loving family, y’all r awesome!
Lucky!! Boomer is so handsome. 💙
He looks like he’s explicitly saying; look, I chose you guys alright, you didn’t choose me. 
i read his name in an austrailian accent, as in boo-mah. i love a happy ending.
Major respect to the other family for realizing that he'd get a better life with you.  
Look at that face. It’s a gift. Lucky you.
My dog was named boomer! Great choice of name and congratulations on finding a new family member:)
My dad was driving home once in a mountain road at night  when suedenly something crossed in front of his car. He stopped and went out in fear he had killed some fox or something, when he found nothing and looked back at the car a german sheppard was sitting in the passenger seat with a 'shall se go now?' face. He took him home and lateral that same night we found his owner.
My corgi used to find her way into neighboring houses and eat from their dog's bowls. I'm sure some of them thought I was starving her whenever they showed up at my door to return the dog.
Sometimes they adopt us.
Better home for him by the sounds of it. He really wanted a new mommy daddy and sibling awwww
It gives me goosebumps to learn how awesome this story is. I can't even let my babies out to play without me checking nothing everything is good on the backyard.
Wishing your new baby (they are always babies) and your family tons of happy and fun times. 
Sounds like they abandoned him the first time in purpose
Your post gives me a very specific combination of both the best and worst of feelings right now. 


*OP, thank you and I hate you*
I don't believe this phony story, easy to make up. Karma thief
Past owner clearly has no soul, I’ll never be able to understand how anyone can turn away anything even half as loyal as a dog. These stories rip my heart out. 
What a shame they abandoned this big ol baby :/
25 miles away. Call me cynical, but it sounds more like the previous owners may have dumped him.
He's lucky to have found his new home with you, and what a handsome boy!
He was dumped. A special place in hell exists for people who dump animals.
We need more pics of him. 
Sounds like he just needed some extra help finding his real humans :) I'm so happy you got yourself a nice fur baby! 
so happy you guys kept him!!
Hi boomer. Take all my karma
That is one handsome boy. 
This is a lovely story! Nice one OP! Xxx
Hi Boomer
Boomer got laid off, but landed a new gig that was a huge promotion.

Not bad!
sooooooooooooooooooo cute!!!!!!!
Lil baby Boomer
Hey Poochy. 
Welcome.to Reddit....
AWWWWW!! Cute :) 
Good ears. Very good ears
So happy you and your family were the ones to find him and give him a good home ❤️ sounds like as soon as the pup saw you he knew you were the good people for him 😍🐶💜
Awwww cute as👍👍 your a great family he deserves the best.. Hiya boomer 👋
He's beautiful
Couch-life or bust
Love at first sight?
Boomer is probably so happy he got to upgrade his family!
This post is a big fucking mix of emotions. 
Amazing ❤️
Cool of you
 Good luck
Aww, you got a steal, thanks for adopting him (best dog breed ever).
He’s gorgeous! Congrats on the new family member. 🙂
He has beautiful eyes 😘 and thank you for adopting this amazing doggo.
That dog was so unlucky to live like that before, but was so lucky to find you! You just made the world a little bit better by doing what you did, bravo. 
So Nice
Hey boomer:). You are definitely a good boy
You got it back .. Boomerang
The owner thought they finally got rid of their dog then you came knocking 🤣
Handsome devil. ❤
Hi Boomer (he's a good boy)
Hide your Monster emergency supply!
Love him!!! He can take me anywhere 🤗❣️
I'm a sucker for German Shepherds, they have been our family dog of choice since I was a baby. 
Made me happy. Thanks!
I wish you all the best.  He a looker.
He chose you! What a beautiful boy!
His look makes me happy.
I nou my self , You should know that animals choose their masters.good luck .
Did you get it in writing and get the chip details changed?
Just found out my cat died a couple minutes ago, you never know how much something took place in your heart until its completely empty, or in your case the other way around.

Treat him good and love him let him be a part of your heart
You are one lucky guy 
He deserves a hundred couches
Cute!!! Boomer is awesome, his ears are huge lol
I had 2 German shepherds years ago.  First one was named boomer, when he died, we adopted a second one and named him Boomer again.  Seeing your post brought me tears and memories :)
This guy takes "finders keepers" very seriously.

Congratulations on the pupper!! 
why the owner didnt want to keep him ?? this is a cute dog i think there is a story out there 
One night there was a storm getting ready to roll through, we had the front door open to let in the breeze and a dog came barrelling in. We called her windy, and took care of her for almost 2 weeks until the owner saw our FOUND DOG poster, and we gave her back. About a year later a guy came to our door, and said he was the son of the man who owned the dog. His father had passed and since we took such good care of the dog he wanted to know if we would take her again. My parents enthusiastically agreed and the guy said he'd be back within an hour or two. We were so excited, my brother and I stood on the porch for the rest of the day, but the guy never came back. We didn't have any way of contacting him. We can only guess that maybe it was too much for him to give up his dads dog, and he still wanted to keep that connection. We still have a picture of Windy somewhere in an old album.
I think it's awesome this guy ran off and found a new home by using his charm 
I love these types of happy endings.
Yay you are awesome 
I thought you foind some criminal person with a chip on his leg.
Awwwwww
Aw
good boy found his home!!!
Sometimes the dog chooses his humans...congratulations on a new family member.
Thoses ear! Dogs and cats really are beautiful things. 
He looks just like my dog. Like 2 drops water
Urgh,...I mean aww!. I click thinking my eyes would bleed at the sight of some creeping looking degenerate. I was not expecting to see a handsome hunk of a dog with a heartwarming background narrative. The true definition of a happyending.
I love boomer !!! Congrats 🎊 
He is super cute 😍
Good looking dog right there.  Needs lots of hugs.
I didn’t see what subreddit this was when I started reading the title and was super worried it was about some creepy fucker. Thankfully it’s about a good good boy that needs all the pets and hugs 
Ok Boomer
Aaawwww
awww thats so sad but so good hahaha bonus valentine doggo :)

He looks so goofy 8]
So cute! I wish I could have him lol
Boomer found his new forever home, happy ending for you all!
When i read the notification on my phone for this, u thought it was going to be some creepy man. THIS has 100% made my day
Hey Boomer! He's a lovely looking lad.  Well done for both returning him and also taking him on! Good karma right there. Hope you're all happy together. 

I want a Boomer. 
Lucky dog, lucky family!!
A cute fella
I’m so glad you got to keep him. I love stories (specifically about dogs) with happy endings. Also I love dogs.
Great to see this turned out into a win win situation for both sides 💪
You were chosen and thats great!
Please post videos. I would love to see him in some action. 
Seems to have a great personality, that fella.
If only we could chip our children! 
Wow, we have the totally same story with our dog. Good luck!
what a QTpie
Awwwwww
Damn son, thats cccccccccccccuuuuuuuuuuuuttttttttttteeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!
Hi Boomer I'm Reddit
Boomer was the name of my first dog! Give that good boi all the scritches 
Hello Boomer, you handsome boy!
I love how at the park he’s just like “ok you guys are mine now” followed you home and now you’re keeping him
When I was a kid my grandma had a dog named Stormy who was best friends with the neighbor dog Rosie. Then one day, Rosie’s family up and moved away, taking Rosie with them. Stormy was beside himself with grief. He moped. He pouted. He was devastated and inconsolable. My grandma joked about how pathetic he was acting. Then one day, about a week later, Rosie’s family came back! The said Rosie had been moping and pouting and couldn’t be consoled and asked if my grandma would like to have her so she could be with her friend? My grandma agreed, which is understandable given Stormy’s lackluster approach to life in Rosie’s absence and those two dogs lived a long and happy life together. It’s weird that it’s cathartic to talk about Stormy and Rosie, but I swear to god they were the happiest dogs I’ve ever known after that day.
German Shepherds are great dogs. Mine was so sweet and dopey
Awww!! :3
I’m glad he is with you. He will have a great home. 
What a very fortunate dog. It must have been awesome to get back to your house and settle in. That's like hitting the jackpot for a dog.
Welcome home Boomer!!
I wish I was that dog, it looks so happy! 
Boomer Lives!
Fairy tales do happen 
You are so lucky.
I have always believed pets pick their owners!
Well done that brilliant
He is so adorable ! What a great story of how you got him :)
i love boomer .. german shepherds are special
His plan worked yay!
Boomer lives!
Amazing
Congrats on the special new family member! 🐅
Way to upgrade boomdawg!
Such kind eyes! 
Well hello there handsome fella!

The dog chose you.

Great score. Thanks for loving him!
He adopted you 
Similar story happened to my husband and I. We found a tiny Pom walking around in the street and after a few days we found the owners. In the meantime we’d given her a bath and haircut. We gave the owners (older couple) our number to keep in contact and two weeks later they asked if we wanted to keep their Pom! We named her Cheezit because she’s tiny and orange!
Why even have a dog if youre just gonna leave him outside 
Please live a happy life and prosper, Boomer
He a handsome boy.
What a BOOMER
That’s amazing 😅 and I’m glad the owners decided to give the dog a new life instead of keeping him 
More like boomarang, am I right? 

^(Okay. I'll sit down.)
Boomer picked a good new home. He always wanted a little boy I bet!
Boomer has a set of ears on him, better to hear "good boy" with. 
That's a GD handsome GS!
He's gorgeous!  Congrats to you and Boomer
This is absolutely adorable
I love happy endings :')
Superb....Keep him!
I have a chocolate lab named boomer :) he was a rescue. I think they named him that cuz his bark had a built in megaphone
Make sure you go to the vet and have him switched into your name! Where I live ownership of an animal is mainly determined by whose name the vet has in record.
my doggo, who is laying in bed next to me, approves of this post.
This beautiful Boomer reminds me of my old dog Meeka who was a shepherd husky mix and sadly I had to give to such an Amazing home because she deserved so much more room and activity and it hurt me so much losing her but it was all worth it knowing how much happier her life could be!
BOOMER LIVES!!!!!
He chose you🧡
Congrats. Maybe he’ll be a good friend to your family. :)
Welcome  home Boomer pup.
Boomer(ang) that now stays, good boi
Auu
❤❤❤❤❤❤ he is beautiful
cute <3
Okay boomer
Sounds like you got adopted :)
Life is funny. It puts us together with others. 
He’s beautiful congratulations!
You are great people.  Thanks for being compassionate.
This is exactly what happened with my dog. Even though he is only indoors now, he still manages to slither outside and go for a joy run. 
Quite the handsome fellow ☝️It was destiny... 
He's beutiful  
Cutteeeeee
Bravo 👏🏻 
What a beauty!
Im glad the owner was somehow responsible 
The dog knew better already/
People suck in too many cases 
In case no one had said it, make sure you coordinate with the previous owner to get the microchip transferred over to your name! 
The first sentence of this gave me an idea for a Writing Prompt.

Nowhere in the first sentence did you say this was a dog.. 

Could be a creepy story!
The doggo choose you!
Boomer was my childhoods dogs name. What a beautiful Boomer you have there too.
Ho lee shit, what a beautiful beast 
He's so handsome ❤️ I'm glad he's in a happy and loving home🤗
WOW!!! What a beautiful dog. Lucky Boomer and lucky you!!!
Looks like a Good Boy to me.
Aw what a cute doggo!
Dogs know...
Congratulations 🙂 also, Boomer’s former owners are complete pieces of human garbage.
Fuuuuuuck Yes ! He's a beauty, your family is now aligned with the universe. 
Did you name him yourself?

I am watching Battlestar Galactica (the 2004 one) and  I approve of the name! :)
awww beautiful
In Russia, dog adopt YOU.
Congrats on the new family member, big fan of the name :)
Fuck the original owner. He abandoned his dog 
Wish I could be so lucky...but, if my puppo, who is also chipped, got away from me...I'd be inconsolable!!!!
aww hes so cute and a good boi!!! (: whos a good boi uh? (:
He is gorgeous!!
He is so handsome!!!!! 💖
This post would be creepy if boomer wasn’t a dog
Those ears! 😍
Awww he needs you guys and deserves love 
I have so many questions that I need answered it is insane. First off isn’t the RFID chip supposed to allow someone to either locate their pet or is it just for identifying the pet and the owner in case they are lost? If it is for geolocation why didn’t the owner locate the dog? also how long had boomer been missing from them? If the dog has only been missing for a few days what kind of piece of shit would give it away to the first person that found it? Boomer is better off where he is now than he was at first apparently. congratulations. Boomer needed you... and he found the bestest forever home..
As someone living with a handsome, loving, intelligent, ornery, demanding GSD, Boomer will be a joy!  Congratulations for being picked as a pack leader!
He's so handsome!!
Boomer is  your reward. 
Never really cared much about upvotes. I just thought he belonged in the r/aww section
Aww, that's really nice. 
Hello, Boomer, I love you!
The only boomer the internet loves
Fuck yes!
When my dog kipper was younger he went missing for a few days. My youngest sister especially was devastated, turned out he was only 2 mins down the road with a family of young kids who adored him but their mother told the local police and we got him back... They wanted to keep him ♥️ but we loved him too much to ever give him away. 
Amazing dog
Well done that brilliant
This made my day 😍
I don’t know if it’s an urban legend but I heard this great story!

A dog kept arriving, having a snooze and then leaving.  The surprised home owner put a note on his collar asking where he lived.

The next day he came back with a reply ‘we have 3 kids under 3, he comes to you for some space.  Can I come tomorrow?’
This is very suspicious 





















I have a feeling a different side of the story will show up on r/entitledparents 
No offence to OP if this is true I just have a weird feeling about this
[deleted]
If you feel like sharing any stories, Boomer is all ears.
He’s no outside dog, he’s a sofa/treat/belly rub dog.
Poor buddy. Good thing he found his family
Boomer is the name of a legendary local dog up north from 1972-1989.   

Boomer is an awesome name
For a good dog. 
I also choose this guy's new dog



.....wait
Wow that owner really loves his animals that's for sure.
Cute dog and OP and family seems like they love dogs so it's good to know the dog is in a good home now. You return a dog that was 25 miles from home and the first thing the original owners do is ask you if you want it? Because that's not sketchy. The original owners probably abandoned the thing and forgot they put a chip on him. Our dog is a rescue. He also had a chip and he was abused and left to die on the side of the road. So in this instance I'm thinking either OP is lying to us or the original owners abandoned the dog because they didn't want it anymore and are probably happy that OP agreed to take the dog off their hands so they didn't have to have him anymore. 
That means the scumbag owner dumped the dog at the park to abandon it. I live near a larger park and a body of water,  people dump their dogs and cats all the time. Packs of abandoned dogs roam around the local neighborhood. These morons think parks or water = nature= survival. Most abandoned pets live miserable violent short lives.
I made a subbreddit dedicated to Boomer and all pets who need or have received a forever home. Please feel free to post your own pics and stories. 

[https://www.reddit.com/r/EverybodyLovesBoomer/](https://www.reddit.com/r/EverybodyLovesBoomer/)
So, they abandoned him 25 miles from home? I know that if my dog was actually lost I would be worried sick and then elated that someone got him back to me. It would never be in my mind to give him to the people that brought him back. There’s something not quite right with that end of the story.
[deleted]
Dogs are loyal and will put up with a lot of shit. If they're running away from you then you're doing something very wrong.
>Boomer

*sips can of monster*

Well done on the adoption!

Boomer - welcome to Reddit. Your previous guardian was a twatwaffle.
Good on you!
great that you keep him. I could feel his gladness through his eyes.
It was meant to be! Because that's quite a journey!
Register the chip in your name, and get the transaction in writing. We see a lot of pet disputes in /r/legaladvice. 
A similar thing happened with me and my boy. He was a stray a couple times and the humane society located his owners from his chip. The 3rd time he was a stray the owners said they didnt want him back. Personally I think that they dumped him.... In Wisconsin....In November. Anyway, he is 11 years old, and I know his birthday because it was in his microchip profile when I took it over as owner. He is a cairn terrier and I have never adopted an older dog, but I am bound and determined to make his senior years full of love and snuggles. I am so happy for you and your new pupper, he is super handsome. 
I'm not sure if you thought of this but:

Talk to the previous owner and learn more about your new friend. Ask if he was taught commands. Discuss food allergies. Ask about any issues.

&#x200B;

Probably take some classes to with a dog trainer, especially if your doggo shows any aggressive behaviors. Sometimes, you might miss 'tells' but they'll be able to spot actions that might precipitate the unwanted behavior. I used to have a dog that was quiet before he attacked - but his ear would do this subtle flicker and he would get "laser eyes".

&#x200B;

BTW, congratulations on the new member of your family. 
"This guy followed my wife and son home from the park." r/nocontext
25 miles away is a serious distance. I doubt Boomer wandered that far from home by himself -- I suspect he was dumped at that park. Dumper forgot about the chip, tho.
Since I was a young child (6-7 y.o.)  I've volunteered for a multitude of organizations ranging from rescuing and adoption of animals to drawing characters for cartoons, voice over work and answering phones for children telethons (raising money and awareness for cancer amongst other illnesses, disabilities and injuries). I'm now in my mid-30's and I can say that despite dogs being able to travel long distances when they get out of the backyard/house, it's rare for them to be 25 miles away from home. It sounds to me, especially with the owner giving Boomer to this family the following day, that the previous owner didn't want Boomer anymore and instead of finding him a proper home, they drove Boomer really far away and left him; this happens far more than I care to think about. This was probably a second or third attempt but he kept finding his way back home. I'm so happy Boomer found this family, they were meant to be together but if I'm right, based on 28-29 yrs of experience, shame on the owner for deserting their dog instead of taking the time to find him a proper home - they lucked out. 

Congrats on your new adorable family member! I have no doubts you will make each other smile, laugh and be full of love everyday! 🐶💜
Congrats to you guys!!
But wow, I'm disgusted with the previous owners. Who just ups and gives a family member away like that?!
Sounds like Boomer is in the right place, OP.
Received a call from the owner, asking if you wanted to keep him ? Did the asshat dump the dog 25 miles from home, and then get pissed when someone brought him back ??
I suspect the dog's owners tried to dump the dog, due to the fact he was so far from home.  The OP ruined their plans by being nice enough to return him. 
WTF, shitty previous owner.  Yes, keep that baby he loves you.
Does he pick up guns for you?
Those scumbags dumped that poor thing, shameful 
He's so good (x4)
He chose you 
He can live his life now being a couch dog watching reruns of Law and order. Yayyyyyyy
He cleaned up good. I’ve seen some mangy outdoor german shepherds 
Looks like your family got adopted by Boomer.
awwwwww, mr. boom-boom <3
You are a saint!
My neighbor has a Shepherd named Boomer as well. Good on you, and good luck with your new companion
He is so so beautiful! Congratulations on your wonderful little family. :)
congrats!! 
What a great phone call that must have been :) was boomer really excited to see your family again?!
I'm by no means a dog expert but some friends we know got a GSD, the dog the husband had dreamt of since he was a kid. Problem is, the breed has a family branch and a working dog branch, guess which one he chose...so it demands lots of daily activity and is not that responsive to petting. Don't know what kind of a dog Boomer is, but congratulations, he is cute! :)
Shepards are not for the light hearted. Thankfully mine thinks he's a giant cat since he was raised around them, and can be easily tired out with a 25 minute laser pointer run. 
He deserves all the kisses in the world.
I have a Boomer too! The only other one I know of was in Independence Day
That's how extroverts make friends with introverts.
He's so cute! Don't forget to update the microchip info! 
Glad he could rescue you. 
Cute! 
He's gorgeous. Such kind eyes😍
SOONER
He’s lucky to have found an amazing family. Well done 🙂
Lucky dog!
So handsome! I love Germans Shepard’s! 
I had a similar thing happen. I found a shih tzu wondering a city block. I took the dog to the vet, no chip. Took him home and made flyers. This was before everyone had internet in their pockets. I hung the flyers all around the area. The owners called me the next day. I brought the puppers back to them. He had a puppy sibling waiting there, happy to see him. The owners said "thanks. Do you want him?"

I was a bit taken aback. I couldn't keep him though. I lived at home and the parents already had a dog and one is enough for them. But that makes me wonder if the dog got out accidentally or what.....
This is so pawsome! What a good boi.
Yo That Face he looks like one of the actors from Friends.
What the fuck, this doggo looks so freaking similar to mine?! (I live in Germany)

This dude has the prettiest girl dog eyes
Awww sweet pupper
you, sir, are a legend
So lucky, both!
Good things do happen! He’s lovely! 
cute boomer
I read the first line in the caption without seeing the pic and thought this was a post about your wife and son getting kidnapped by a psychopath
Awww, thats awesome. Howdy Boomer 
BOOMER WILL LIVE
He's a handsome boy.  Reminds me of my Shepherd when I was younger. 
A fitting name.
What a perfect set of circumstances for you and your family to find a new member. These kind of stories rekindle the fire of love in my heart and remind me amazing things happen in this world.
Looks so much like a slightly older version of my Saxon-boy!! He even has the same star on his head! What a sweet boy :) congrats!
Congratulations!

SOONER!
How lovely of you to take him home and make him part of the family.🐾❤️

It could have been a very different story, if you hadn’t found him.
I’ve heard that you need to be watchful of German Shepherds when you haven’t known them since they were young - especially if they may have had a difficult life. Apparently it can make them a little more prone to odd and/or dangerous behaviour. I think, among other things, it has something to do with how they attach to their first owner and don’t tend to view “second owners” as highly as their first (i.e. as pack leaders) or something like that.

This could all be bull, but I thought I’d mention it.
Very kind thing for you to do! you are a very nice person and update us with boomer  every once in a while :D im sure alot of people would like to see an update!
SOONER!
Congratz happy lives together 
Hi boomer 
Boomer is such a handsome german sheperd. My favorite dog breed.
Boomer is beautiful, good job OP. 
Their good boi was meant to be your good boi :) feelsgoodman
Hi boom boom 
Great looking dog. Same name as my gsp!
He found you
i love him
Haha yes booms 
My roommate recently adopted a Shepherd mix also named Boomer. Same bright eyes, too. He's a huge drama queen, but he's the sweetest dog.

Congrats on your new family member (:
Your reality is my dream.
I had a German Retriever before. Great breed. Very active and really great for outdoors. They just love it. I wish this pal followed me. Haha
Nice story!
i love stories like this!!!! the owner didn't abandon him and actually took a long shot to call! and you said yesssssssss!!! i hope you guys have a great life together! ❤️ thanks for sharing! 
EARS ! 
Beaut. Good on you too! 
you're lucky. that's an expensive dog. 
He’s settled and has become one of the family, he’ll repay in many ways, beautiful dog
Heart warming
That’s awesome. He’s got a new “forever” home 
Awww a German Shepherd! One of my favorite breeds 😁
That’s adorable! Congratulations on your new friendo, May he give you many years of joy and happiness!
Boomer is a lucky dog :)
If a dog runs away you must do something wrong.
yeah cute dog
awwww this is so cute!
he is a cu tie
You're  so lucky to have found each other.
He cute

So adorable 😍
Please give it to me
You can say now he chose you... Lucky you ❤❤❤❤❤
World needs to have more people like you.  :) 
He has such pretty eyes 
Handsome boy! ❤️
Easiest decision ever?
SOONER!
boop
boom,  bazooka joe 
SHIT A BOOMER GET AWAY
Big dog with big face.
Aww he looks just like my boy Striker!
What a good good boy! 
He knows the arrangement he made with the previous owner, and is feeling a bit guilty!
Awesome
Reminds me of the dog in the video where the guy tells him he fed all the food to the cat!
I love him
Hello Boomer, you're so cute and lucky! enjoy a warm and loving home, you earned .
boomer is the best dog name ever
Welcome to the family Boomer!
Yea?
Great name, Boomer is the colloquial name for a large male kangaroo, he's got that roo look about him. 
Damn if he a boomer where is his monster energy drink and sunglasses smh fake boomer
Hello boomer
I LOVE HIM
I wish I was that lucky haha
Very emotional 😉
such a sweet looking face. all the best for boomer and your family! 
HE LOOKS LIKE A VERY GOOD BOY :( wishing you and your family all the best !
A good Boi 
Sup boomer
That’s a beautiful snout ❤️
Is the name Boomer from the movie The Fox and the Hound? Great name.
Boomer looks like a moose. That's great. 
This was so meant to be ! Welcome home handsome boy 
Such a handsome fella. We need more pics.
There is a nice shepard that has been tied to a zipline for years now near my house. He's a guard dog that is guarding an old how they are fixing up. I guess he's supposed to keep the copper thieves away. 

He's a sweet boy, but he's always outside in all weather. His dog house is huge with a big door on it and while it looks dry it has no straw in it. His coat is dirty and matted with last spring shedding (it's February now) and I never see a bowl anywhere. 

I went up to the dog house the other night to feed him some biscuits and he wasn't interested. He also had a heater inside his dog house and I could see it was turned on. 

I felt a little better about him and I'd adopt him if they didn't want him but I don't think he's in immediate danger like I did before.
Thanks. I love it.
What a good boy
Ask the previous owner to update the chip registration with your info. 
Look at those ears!!! I’m so glad he found you!!!
He's gorgeous. I'm so glad he's in a loving forever home now. 
What a handsome boy!! 

He is gorgeous!  So happy you found each other!!
You lucky dog! (You found better owners). And you, you lucky dog! (You found a new dog friend). 
He is so cute!
Congratulations 😍✌🐕🐶❤
We found our Gus in a similar way :0 
My dad took our three dogs for a walk one morning (a couple days before Christmas) and ended up coming back with four. It was a pure black lab, super timid, but incredibly dirty, fairly thin, and missing a few teeth and chunks out of his ear. We gave him a bath, put up signs, and the next morning we went to the vet to see if he was chipped. He was! The owner came right over as they lived a mile down the road from us (he had gotten out of his electric fence somehow) so we thought it was a relatively happy ending.
But the next morning, at 6 am, a neighbor knocks on our door, saying ‘Is this your dog?’ Apparently, he had gotten out AGAIN and came alllll the way back to our house because he liked it so much. My dad immediately called the vet, who noted that the man who had picked him up had off handedly mentioned they were looking to get rid of him. My dad asked for the mans number, and when we called, he said we could keep him! He’s been a part of the household for a three years and always been super timid, but recently he’s gotten a little bit better about being excited and rowdy. He’s really such a well behaved dog and the biggest snuggler of our family. 
Apparently when he lived with the other family, he was kept outside which sorta explains how dirty he was. His reactions to loud noises and yelling makes us things he wasn’t exactly paid much attention to. We love him to bits, though, and we’ve had several fights over ‘who’s dog he is’ as both me and my sister are going to be moving out soon.
Great family addition for you. The original owners are assholes!
Boomer found his new family! He’s precious!! Love this story❤️
bill, zoey, francis, louis you know what to do
Such a cute boi! Pet him 30 times from me please.
You guys are so goddamn lucky that he chose y'all...
He's like the standard american doggo, definitely a good boy
I hope your son isn't named Shaun.
Hello Boomer. What a lovely expression on him. Boomer chose you.
Pacers fan? Hi Boomer!
Such a great story ,thanks for caring and sharing..
I’m glad there are good people like you to counterbalance the s**t ones. 
Whoever you are, you have my respect. I love u for keeping him.
He's the same breed as my dog?! It's so rare to see King Shepards because they're so damn big.
Adorable !
hi Boomer ❤
Boomer looks like a baby. So sweet.
Now Boomer you shouldn’t run away from home
I love that he picked your family and I love more that your family said, “Yes!”
That is so cute! 
Little strange he was so far from home,  dare i say he might have had a ride!!!!
I have an old man black lab named boomer, enjoy your new life pal. 
What breed is he?
Did you go to the vet/shelter/whatever and get his tag replaced or reprogrammed and all of the legal stuff done?

As far as I know, you can’t actually keep a dog or cat like that as it still belongs to the previous owner.

Good for you getting a new dog though! He looks like a good boy
Hey there handsome! 
Look at those ears, such a handsome pup!! I want to give him scritches!!
Human beings have the capacity to either be the greatest of saints or the worst form of evil fucks thanks to our ability to KNOW what we're doing.  Good thing good people exist too
Lucky you. Shepherds are great dogs with wonderful intelligent personalities. I will say I am a bit jealous, but give him love and he will return it.
I had a yellow lab/retriever mix named Boomer. Well, I didn't have him, he had me. We got him when I was about 11 and he passed away shortly before my mom did when I was 23. He was the best dog I've ever had, and we got him under similar circumstances (Aunt and Uncle didn't want to take care of him anymore).

He was the goodest of boys, so I hope your Boomer provides your family with even more years of happiness than mine did.
 
P.S. on mobile, formatting funky. Many sorry.
Awesome! I hate dogs being left outside in the cold and especially hate it when they don’t have a companion. Pack animals aren’t meant to live alone. 
hello Boomer :-D
Such a good boy
Pet him for me
On several occasions puppies followed me as if saying fuck this, I'm coming with ya. I expect something like that happening to me. 
bum-ju!
Bless him, and bless your family. 
How cute
Awwww sweet boy 🖤
Oooooooooooooklahoma
Those ears and those eyes! What a cutie! I foresee many treats and belly rubs in his future. Congrats on the new addition to the family!
this title out of context is a wild ride
A very similar thing happened to me 10+ years with the difference being that I volunteered with a dog rescue.  Also, I filed a found report with the shelter, which is how the owner found him.  When the owner met me, she asked if I’d like to keep him.  I let her know about the rescue group and that I would be happy to find him a new home.  He was an older lab and such a good boy.  He got a great home.
Holy fucking shit Gratz. But like who in their right mind doesn’t care about their dog and just wants to give it away ... they’re like a person with a soul. What the duck 
Poor baby.  I’m glad he found a good family.
Is boomer his original name?
SOONER!
#1 greatest boi
Your wife and son must have a lovely energy about them, nice dogs don't just go around following anybody :)
This made my day! 

Congrats Boomer, this ones for you! [https://www.youtube.com/attribution\_link?a=JaDPHxw\_DaU&u=%2Fwatch%3Fv%3D0p8oeiVDcx4%26feature%3Dshare](https://www.youtube.com/attribution_link?a=JaDPHxw_DaU&u=%2Fwatch%3Fv%3D0p8oeiVDcx4%26feature%3Dshare)
That’s my dog’s name!
He chose you to be his human.
People pay big bucks for a dog like that and you didn't even have to endure the puppy stage!
Those ears!
Congrats!  German Shepherds are AMAZING.  
what a handsome fellow!
hi Boomer    :)

Boomer was my good boye’s name. I miss him lots. I hope your Boomer brings you as much joy!
So he picked you guys. Glad to see he chose well.

Congratulations on being choosen his new humans.
Dog!
Shepherds love the couches. Glad he has one now 💜
I feel that the appropriate way to greet somebody names is with a stern “Howdy Boomer”
Awwww he found his new family. Total score! He looks like a great dog!
SOONER!
AWWWWWWWW
Beautiful dog, what a score.

Don't do what I did and read OP's other posts.
Boomer looks so much like my Lola. The resemblance is uncanny! I hope this very handsome boy has found his forever home! 
You don't choose the dog the dog chooses you. 
This is a precious pup. Glad you got to keep him. 
You guys are lucky! :)  Free New best friend
How does one go through the trouble of chipping their pet just to give it away.... I guess vets can put chips in as a standard kind of like neutering but still
My dog’s name is Boomer toooooooo
Free nice GSD???? Super Bonus!!! Congrats on yr awesome new friend.
This brings me joy.
I am so happy you took him in. Dogs are so very special, they should never be left to be lonely and sad outside. It breaks my heart to know people do this. If you dont want to spend time with your dog dont have one! 

I lost my dog Rocky of 12 years just this past august...  I still cry when I think of him. It was truly one of the biggest heartbreaks. I miss him so much!
A true case of finders keepers 
This is a cute dog.
Hi Boomer!  I like your name!
Is this REAL??!! Please Dont LIE to me.... It is very important. I need to know the truth. So then ill be VErY jealous a random dawg followed u home...
The universe brought him to you
Very handsome!  Congratulations!  From a mom to two fabulous GSD furbabies!
He’s so handsome and thank you for taking him in. 
Definitely dumped at the park, people suck.
NOSE BOOOOP!
What a good looking boy 
A handsome boi
Imagine the trust he put in you to follow you, and you brought him to the vet. He must've been devastated.

Nah jk, good job OP. You've gotten a dog a nice home.
My girlfriend's pibble is named Boomer. So I'm sure yours is a good doggo. I just hope he doesn't fart as much as ours...
German shepherd?
He looks like my gs girl even the sad look he gives is the same, my girl would rather die than be away from me.
Whut up boom! 
My dog's name is Boomer too! He's a chocolate Lab Retriever 😊
He looks like one good boi
What a sweet face ❤️ don't need to tell yous that you are good people but I will 🤗 what a beautiful addition to your family:)
Fucking boomer
Just don't give him any boomers, ok?
Hi Boomer! He looks like a good boi!
*Sip* Yup, quake was a good game
German Shepherds are amazing dogs. I had one follow me home from school when I was in like 3rd grade. He would follow me everywhere without a leash. We put flyers up everywhere and contacted the pounds to see if anybody called about a missing shepherd. He also had a collar with a tag but it only had his name on it. A family member of the owners saw the flyers and called us. The owners were on holiday down in Florida when they lost him and they're originally from Canada. They had left back to Canada because they had flights already purchased and knew they had family down in Florida that would help find him. Well, their family asked how we were getting along with the dog and then said we could keep him just as long as their able to see him when they visit. He was living out the last few years of his life with us. We gave him the nickname Hachiko cause he would wait for me every day after school just to walk me home. 

Hope you have lots of fun with your new baby! They really are such an amazing breed of dogs. 
German Shepard are such sensitive and loyal dogs. I can't imagine someone keeping such a beauty outside. Give him all the love he deserve, you nice human.
Did He simply not care about the dog or couldn't take care of him? 
I would like to give that snoot a congratulatory shake.
Ahhhh, he’s beautiful! So glad he has a good home! Give him a big hug for me if you read this!
The maple kind? Yeah!
That dog definitely looks like it made life goals carefully planned his way and now knows it has achieved them
Aww. Why the long face?
For the win!! Awesome. 
JESUS that looks just like my dog, just slightly l o n g e r
❤❤❤
Aww so adorable 
so sad and so glad at the same time.how could anyone do that to an animal. thank goodness he found you!
They probably dumped him 
Boomer will... oh... don’t worry about it we’ll get ya a new boomer 
He found you! That's special! 
I’m confused. Owner with chipped dog was just like “hey have my dog” wtf?
Congrats! Make sure to update his chip so if he ever gets lost, itll come back to you. We kept finding a gsd and no one registered the chip. It took forever to find the person who actually owned him (he kept being passed around). Wish they would have let us keep him. 😁 very lucky doggo!
The Boi that chooses his family is the best kind of Boi! 
That’s a fruit bat.
Hi Boomer :)
You're the choosen. 
Your win, their loss. 

Also, the dog is the real winner here.
I work at a doggy daycare and we used to have a dog named boomer come in that looks exactly like him!
That's a GREAT name for that face!
Looks like the goodest boy ever
The best news I've seen this week, 'specially because Boomer looks just like Sam. (We found him as a very lost puppy.) Well done!
Used to have a young husky come visit us every now n then, luckily had a tag on him. We decided to drive  him home one day, opened the car door he jumped right in. Drive the couple blocks to his house and see the people who live there outside in driveway getting ready to go look for him. We open the car door, the owner calls for him to come out, and the cute little guy covers his nose/face with his paws and whimpers. Flat out refused to get out and go home. Sometimes you just gotta get away. 
Odin was his original name but we thought he looked more like a Boomer. 
He does shed like crazy.... We have a fat brush you can use with 2 hands. 
[deleted]
Same thing happened to my family when I was young!!! Mom found a dog in her way to work we had him for the day before the owners came to pick him up (found their info on his collar) then a week later asked if we wanted him! Sweetest dog I’ve ever meet miss my good boy❤️
