Go introduce your self. 
Downed my drink while the rhythm booms  
Of all the gin joints in all the world. . .
*"Hello\~*..."  
"*Is it me you're looking for\~"*
r/iasip
Best. Pub. Ever.
Who brought the Powerade to a bar? 
You're just to good to be true

Can't take my eyes off of you

You feel like heaven to touch

Doggy I love you so much
Did you get his number at least?
The smell of wine, and cheap dog shampooooooo
Is this Honey Martins? If so that doggo is the best!!!
The results from this are dependent on if you like Pina Coladas.
https://i.ytimg.com/vi/aJwfNq8FbNU/maxresdefault.jpg
i'm standing at a crowded bar,

our eyes meet cross the room -

your eager face - it makes me think

'i bet that b!tch can *zoom*...'

---------------------

i see you standing at the bar 

you make me feel so hap!

you look like you're a real Good Boy -

can i sit on your lap?

it's not just Every guy i like,

but somethin 'bout you calls

it makes me think you wanna play -

hey, you got any balls ?

*edit* - 'dog' ;)
Please tell me u thought of a decent pickup line before u went over there. ;)
I wish I could come across random doggo when out at bars.  Would improve the experience. 
True love at first sight. I can finally believe.
Is this honey Martin's?
The only type of date I want to go on
While this is cute, who the fuck brings their dog into bars. 
Now it's time to battle.
AND I JIZZED. IN. MY PANTS 
And somehow you knooooooow, you know even theeeeeeeen that somehow you'll see herrrrrrrrr agaaaaiiin aaaand agaaaaaain. 
Is this at that bar on Sherbrooke St in NDG? 
So you see, that's where the trouble began. That smile, that damned smile.
Usually I don't believe in love at first sight, but in this instance... yeah, it's meant to be.
You just met the love of your life
This good looking one knows to make frenz in crowd! Yes that beautiful smile! Works every time! A beautiful smile is like a jewel! It attracts EYES!
We find love in hopeless place 
The perfect beginning of a wonderful love story
It's love, yes all we're looking for is love, from someone else... 
What city was this in? I want to move there where doggos are allowed in bars!
Did you go over and pay tribute?
Lock eyes from across the room
Down my drink while the rhythms boom
And you know right away....it's unconditional. 
Some enchanted evening, you may see good boi...
"And that kids, is how I met your dog"
You see that's where the trouble began...
That smile...
That damned smile.
Hello, is it me you’re looking for? 
That’s how it started, that smile, the damn smile
...and then we fell in love.
This is honey martins in sherbrook lol
Huskies are generally such a goofy breed
Did anyone else zoom in to get a good look at the puppo
Some enchanted evening, when you find your true love

When you feel her call you across a crowded room

Then fly to her side and make her your own

Or all through your life you may dream all alone
Love at first sight 😍
Dogs should be allowed in ALL bars lol. 
My mind is telling me noooo....but my body...
Only pretentious prick brings their unleashed dog to a bar.  Show some consideration for others.  
Pity she turned out to be a real bitch.
It's fate! Steal the dog
😍😍😍😍
Such a lovely place, such a lovely face...
Sigh ... I wish dogs were allowed into pubs in my city . The number of smiles and chuckles would increase 4000% overnight.
dream come true
Moment of love.  What a sweet sweet face!! 
Ah yes, I had a moment like this last night with a dog. The owners took the dog and ran away from me when the dog wanted to come to me. I think they didn’t want the competition.
This image is blessed
🎶 Your eyes whispered "have we met?", across the room your silhouette, starts to make its way to me 🎶
Love at first site. This is how divorces start.
That smile... that damned smile
That’s how I met my dog! 
Wait a hot minute ... Is this a pub in Dublin ? It really looks exactly like one I've been in ...
You like dags?
I'm just imagining the always sunny restaurant meme.
She clearly is only interested in you for a quality Bone.
This is awesome ❤️
Alone at a table for two? Clearly looking for some NSA cuddles
You mean your camera and its eyes?
That must be the most heart warming thing there nice aww post 👍.
I searching who was that, who was that and then I was not disappointed. 
Who is she?
Proper pub!
OP adopt the floof now... you are meant to be.
Seriously... Which city, state, or country allows dogs in a bar (or restaurant) like this?  I live in Shitfuck, IL and they're so dog unfriendly; it drives me insane.
1. You're beautiful
You're beautiful
You're beautiful, it's true
I saw your face in a crowded place
And I don't know what to do
'Cause I'll never be with you
Was it love at first sight
It must be true love 🐾💕💗💗🐾
The amount of time women think I am staring at them but I’m actually staring at their dogs is worrying. 
And he looked at me..
Where are you that they allow cute boys in there? 
Ya man Macs staring right at me...
and walks in the rain....
What a cutie 
Did you lay pipe
so cute :)
That bar looks really cozy! 
Look at that bitch, sitting there in nothing but a sweater. Her beauty is intimidating.  
I thought this looked like an English pub, but the Powerade on the table and the guy in a backward Fox cap has left me praying that it isn’t. 
12/10 would take home and give scritches till the morning light
Mr. Lick yo Chick
Looks like a normal rural Irish bar?  Am I right? 
That's no pub !! Why is there a bottle of powerade on the table that's just for mornings
Are you another dog?
Looks so much like that scene in Always Sunny......
It was love at first sight. 
This is a beautiful moment tho
Datass
that's at Honey Martin's in NDG in Montreal. Right? 
I was looking in the mirror trying to find your reflection!
There you see her, sitting the across the bar.

She don't got a lot to say, in fact she can't talk. 

And you don't know why, but you're dying, you've really got to *boop the snoot.*
“HEey!”
Looks like a cool place
😂
I saw your doggo in the cornerstone 
Lock eyes from across the room down my drink while the rhythyms boom
That'll teach ya for dressing up as a Milk Bone.
He wants you to make a move
PUB DOG!!
Is this Honey Martins? 
"Hey who is that in the corner do they come here often?"
Awwww he looks so cosy 🥰
AWWWWW
Telling myself.....don’t back into a corner 
Down your drink while the rhythms boom
Took me a second... then I saw it
Lock eyes, from across the room 
And u snap a pic instead of talking to Her? 
*Some enchanted evening...*
“Oh there is my tinder date .”
It looks so happy. 
What a pawfect date
I'm on love 😍😍💖
Love at first sight
https://imgur.com/hWVxBIk.jpg
 https://imgur.com/otUhZ00.jpg

Some more pics with these guys 
Wait! Is that Honey Martin in NDG?
Most excellent thing I’ve seen all week!
All at once you look across a crowded room
To see the way that light attaches to a girl
saw her in a smoky room
"I SAW YOUR FACE...IN A CROWDED PLACE"
Love at first sight ! It happens to me like..... always! When I go to a dog park.
This looks like a bar I went to in Scotland to listen to folk music. I just got flooded with memories!!
It was love at first sight 😍
He sniffed the lonely person..


And I jizz in my pants!
Our secret moments,
In a crowded room. 

They got no idea
About me n you. 
Look at that fucking adorable smile oh my lord
r/himym
better than I expected 
Who owns this Dog because he/she is so cute
Looks like Powerade person is wearing a UCC hoodie! UCC represent!
13/10 would wine and dine
One enchanted evening......
A glazed look and I was on the road to ruin...
Is this in Denver ,
Don't get too giddy.  She gives that look to everyone who enters the joint.  
Smell of wine and cheap perfume
And I jizzed in my pantz
Dump out his wine, senda message. 
Strider watching over the hobbits
Reminds me of It's Always sunny. 
Rula Bula?
Love when that happens!
Dogs are too good
Lock eyes from across the room,

Down my drink while the rhythms boom.
Lock eyes from across the room
Down my drink while the rhythms boom
I don't fancy yours, she looks a bit of a dog
Our eyes met across the crowded hat store. I, a customer, and she a coquettish haberdasher. Oh, I pursued and she withdrew, then she pursued and I withdrew, and so we danced. I burned for her, much like the burning during urination that I would experience soon afterwards.
This is real true love. I've had my fair share of these moments.
Of all the gin joints in all the towns in all the world, she walks into mine. 
Love at first sight doesn't exi-
Honey's! Love those puppers so much!
“Dave that dog won’t stop checking me out!”

“Where? I’ll kick his....ahhh I see. Nice Karen. I’m cheating on you.”
Love at first sight!
Hey good looking, you come here often?
Plot twist. The dogs blind. 
We've all heard of cat cafés.

Husky bars, anyone..?
Awww 🐶
O.o I've been there.
And my heart went BOOM.
Wish I could upvote this a 100 times
Lock eyes from across the room
Lock eyes, from across the room...
What a coincidence. I'm a barking alcoholic too
Omg so cute 
He’s the one. 
Adorable, but I'm more concerned about the person drinking orange powerade at a pub. 
That doggo is mirin you so hard!
I can just see this going up on missed connections now, lol
Love at first sight
What city is that bar in?
Love at first sight.
Lock eyes, from across the room. Down my drink as the rhythms boom
r/lostpuppers
Down my drink as the rhythm booms.
I think he likes you
Hey baby.  Can I buy you some Purina?
https://tenor.com/view/iasp-charlie-day-stare-what-gif-7825733
I feel like the caption is a lyric from one of Taylor Swift's song lol
This makes my face smile
I spotted a good boi
Awwww💕💕
I think he likes you too!
Super adorable!!!
Bring your own dog AND your own plastic drink bottle?
[deleted]
“Some enchanted evening ....”
Hello? Is it me you're looking for?
That's one time the "That smile. That damned smile" meme would be appropriate, I'm sad no one in the comments made it already :'(
Down my drink while the rhythms boom  
Take your hand and skip the names  
No need here for the silly games  
Make our way through the smoke and crowd  
The club is the sky and I'm on your cloud  
Move in close as the lasers fly  
Our bodies touch and the angels cry  
Leave this place go back to yours  
Our lips first touch outside your doors  
The whole night what we've got in store  
Whisper in my ear that you want some more   
And I  
Jizz in my pants 
'just say the word and I'll stop chilling in this corner like my owner wants'
I love making eye contact with strange dogs. 😍
If ever true love was possible...
Why dont you get him/her a drink??
Its meant to be, go get him pal!
Some enchanted evening...
Is that a powerade bottle with a sippy lid on it?
Love at first sight, is it not?
He's a keeper.
Honey Martin's in NDG, Montreal. 
Little puppers name is Bravo. Swing by and say hi. 
What establishment is this? Looks absolutely.....fetching 
It’s a love story baby just say yes. 
Obligatory Honeys upvote. Best pub in the world :)
Ruff date so
Cute 
Took me 5 minutes to realize it. I thought he/she made eye contact with a Ghost or a Supernatural being. 
Is that The Vaults in Knowle...? 
Is this Cafe Select in NYC?
Seriously nobody gonna finish that?!?!

“...and I jizzed in my pants!”
Down my drink as the rhythms boom 😤
r/IASIP
_Lock eyes from across the room_   /
_Down my drink while the rythms boom_
and somehow you knowwwwwwww
you know even thennnnnnn
"Lock eyes, from across the room. I down my drink as the rhythms boom." 
I down my drink as the rhythms boom,
Lock eyes, from across the room...
Oh my god it's Honey Martin Pub in NDG Montreal!
An untold romance story...
Best blind date ever!
[deleted]
Wonderful animals ❤️😍
I have a regular customer who has the most gorgeous, but very shy dog, but somehow we both fell in love with eachother. She's been hiding underneath the table and I didn't even know there was a dog until I saw her staring at me and her owner said she did this the whole time, hoping to catch my attention. Now everytime they're in my workplace, doggo will hide underneath the table but as soon as I walk by you'll see her head pop out all of the sudden. It's so adorable.
Love at first sight! 😍
Oh boy she cute 😍😍😍
Now I have ballroom blitz stuck in my head
That's good!
Paging r/furry...
And then I saw her FACE 
I'm more amazed that there's no one around him in the picture
Me at a party
"Same time, same place" by Mervyn Peake. Just read it.
What a smile ..
That moment when you're sitting all by yourself, bored, and along comes your best friend! All smiles!
Some enchanted evening, you will see a stranger across a crowded room...
I wish someone was that happy to see me as well.
my friend over there thinks you're cute
OMG Honey Martins I Montreal I literally pet those dogs last week, 2 of em! 
LOL this is so cuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuute
down my drink while the rhythm booms
Cool
Some enchanted evening,that was.
If there is some kind of rainbow bridge or heaven, this is how I want to meet my dog. I miss my old girl. 
We need places like this in Philadelphia, PA. 
Better have bought them a drink 
It's love at first sight.
🎵 You're so vain
You probably think this song is about you
You're so vain,
I'll bet you think this song is about you
Don't you?
Don't you? 🎵 
That smile. That damn smile.
Look for the dog with the broken smile
This makes me so happy 
I cant upvote this enough
I really want to pat puppers in public but it can be rude and sometimes its bad if they're service dogs so I don't, but I wish I could give pats and scritches to all of them!
I like dogs but they don't need to be at the bar unless they're the DD. 
This made me get the feeling that many love songs are actually about dogs. Just think of You're Beautiful by James Blunt
Is this Greystones, IR ?!

EDIT: Well...apparently not. Heh. 
Looks like he was stood up by a bitch
Jizzed in my pants
