My girl LOVES getting dried off and the paws wiped down after rainy days out doing her thing. I think being dried off is a treat for her, as a stray she didn't have that luxury and had to stay wet when she was.
is this a yellow lab or a golden retriever?
Some good dogs will even [wipe their own feet when coming inside.](https://i.imgur.com/fYNEQvx.gifv)
Oh my gawd! That face! I want to hug him so much.
Cooper is a smart, patient and good boy.
Aww my dog knows to stop and sit on the rug before running in so we can wipe his feets off. If it's raining and he has water on his coat, he won't leave until we wrap him in a clean towel and rub him up and down. 
Wish mine did this! She knooooows she has to have her paws wiped, but likes to try and sneak past. And if you catch her, she sits and lets you wipe 3 paws then tries to scuttle off before the final paw
He gets all the treats, boops, scritches, scratches, and cuddles
Awwww good boy!!!
he looks worried that you don't know the drill
What a good boy. This dog is more well mannered than a lot of people I know.  
/r/wipethedamndog
Took me a few views of the video to realize that he was holding the towel to clean his feet and not his favorite blankey
You’re just going to stand there and film him?! Dry his fucking feet already and let him inside!!!
So smart. We have a toy aussie who sometimes gets poop stuck to her butt that we have to wipe off. If I take her outside and she poops, she knows to run straight to the bathroom when we go back inside so that I can wipe her butt with wet wipes. She does it every time even if wiping isn't necessary. She knows!
My golden had to have her feet wiped every time she came in.  
She got so used to it one day she was tired of waiting and started doing it herself.  It got to the point where you could tell her "Hey, not good enough, go wipe them again" and she would walk back to the towel and dig at it with her paws.  


Good lord, I miss that puppy.
Hi cooper 😇
My boy was so smart.  He knew that every time it rained, we would wipe his paws before coming inside from the backyard.

One day, my Mom thought it was raining, and he knew (he was just outside, afterall) that he didn’t need his paws wiped.

So, he was really hesitant and maybe even a bit defiant when my Mom went to him with the towel.  She realized after one paw that it wasn’t raining and he didn’t need paw wipes.
Smart dog 
Good boy!
r/petthedamndog
"Don't forget to bring a towel"

Meanwhile my dog screams bloody murder while theres mud dripping off of her 
You better let that good boy in rn 
All these smart dogs on Reddit and mines about as bright as a black hole....
u/vreddit_bot
hi, i like to come in now
He’s such a lovely dog ❤️ 
What a handsome boy. 
Goldens know to always bring a towel human 
Aww! I love Cooper!! 🥰
Adorable 
Is he going to wipe Cooper's feet?
smart pup!!! I wish my dogs could do the same thing lol
Awwwww
Dude dogs loooooove towels rubbing all over them, especially if they’re warm! 
Omg so beautiful those eyes!
I have a dog named Cooper too
Best cat ever 
/r/gifsthatendtoosoon
Really, wow. My dogs are absolutely stupid when it comes to rain. 

I’m actually convinced, by the way they look at me, that they think I have something to do with this evil falling water
Smart pupper doing a manners! 
Can someone just wipe his feet already
What's a pupper?
OMG those eyes
Those eyes
Dogs are just so much smarter than humans! <3
Smooch that pooch 😘😘😍❤️
"dirty feet" might have been the best thing I ever taught my old dog! You could yell DIRTY FEET from anywhere in the house and she would stop dead in her tracks and wait for you to wipe off her front feet, then you tell her back feet so she lays on her back for the back feet and a belly dry. Such a clever girl. 
My pup gets scared and sad when I tell him "I have to clean your feet!"  He runs to his bed and avoids eye-contact with me, but he also gently lifts his paw to help me start the process.
This dog caught an add whoopin or two
Those eyes! Man I miss my old chocolate lab. He had the most human eyes. Such a good boy.
Coop. The Coppster. Gettin' his feet cleaned. Coop.
Cooper is a really good boi!
We actually taught my pupper to wipe his feet when he came in and it was adorable
What an unexpected poke in the heart💘!
 A cuteness overload today!! 😍🐾💖

Missing my fur babies. 
RIP Andrievicha Belyj Boyar  12/27/2017
RIP Ginger No Fancy Pedigree 07/15/2018

Crying bc my heart
Now THAT is a Good Boy!
My dad always trained our labs to wipe their own feet when they came inside, he would yell out "wipe your feet" to the pup and they'd do a jig and spin a couple times until he told them it was ok to come in past the designated rug by the back door. I'm realizing now that that's not how everyone does it.
My husband's childhood dog (a nutty Weimeraner) once had muddy paws, and he wasn't allowed in until they wiped his paws, so EVERY SINGLE TIME after that, if he was out in the back yard, he wouldn't come in unless they wiped all four of his paws, whether it was raining or not. 
Good boy!
Aww so cute
Legit the cutest thing I’ve seen today. What a way to start my morning off 😭😍
Wow, that truly is the goodest of bois.
Had a rocklab, super smart dog. Whenever he would roll in dirt or mud, the only way we'd let him in the house was after he had a bath 1st. Eventually he started forcing his way inside, then would immediately jump in the tub lol. Rest in peace KJ!
happy cake day!
This is cute. This dog is a rocket. But for the love of everything that is holy, can we please stop calling them "puppers" and "doggos."  

Thank God cats have more respect for themselves.
*dog. Unless you’re 12 in which case, as you were. r/doggohate
Patient gud boi
YOU WIPE HIS WIDDLE FEETS RIGHT NOW
SW PA, check

1 woofer - 1 subwoofer, check

wiping 8 paws every time they go out, check 
[removed]
I need this doggo. Or one just like him. My boy is a tiny thing, but he knows to come over to where the towel is warming by the oil heater so he can get warm and dry. He might be spoiled. 
WIPE HIS PAWS, YOU MONSTER!
I just melted..
HUMAN wipe
Little angel pup 
[removed]
that towel! 

LOL\~

&#x200B;
So cute 😎 
Cooper is so polite what a good boy
A GOOD BOYE
I wish I could get my dog to do that lol
What a good boy
I just want to give him a hug
Cuute
This is awesome. With our weenie dogs I just pick them up and pull them backwards on the shoe mat.  Would be way to hard with the big puppers though.
I would absolutely not be able to use grown-up words with that face! I would embarass myself with all kinds of "yoo cutie-patootie sweetie pie" and would not be able to stop.
He looks so sad! 😢😢😢
The cuteness physically hurts
I do not miss having to do that for my dads dogs. 
Cooper has beautiful eyes! Very good boy❤️
I don't know why it's so adorable but I love seeing animals eyes moving, like this dog's.
That’s exactly what I’ll be doing to my dogs
Cooper still waiting.  Cooper tell Mum.
That’s so fricking cute. He’s the best boy!
He doesn't like that.
Very Cute, what a lovely dog
Lol! My mom had two dogs when I was young. One was a cheasapeak bay retriever (don’t know how to spell!)  and the other was a little mutt. My mother, being a housemaid and always well maintained our home, had these two dogs trained to sit on the carpet by the front door whenever they came in from outside. Also, they were not to move until she said so!!! 
True definition of Aww.
Wish my dog was so disciplined
Goldens are just the sweetest dogs. 
Awww 🥰 
wipe the damn feet!
Dammit karen stop filming me and let me in already!
I love goldens. They're so damn adorable when they stand there with something in their mouth and they give you *the look*
^dont ^forget ^to ^bring ^a ^towel
“Mom said you have to rub my feet.”
What a good Cooper!
When we got a dog, the kids said we couldn't name him Cooper because it rhymed with pooper.  So we named him Tucker 😂
My puppy has a doggie door and, since I have a tile floor, I could care less if she gets her feet wiped.
"Well? You read the sign...chop chop!"
that is the face of yes i have been through this long and painful process... I have accepted my fate, please help me dry up
Good thing it's not an ice cream flavoured blanket
Omg, I just want to cuddle him so much! After wiping his paws, of course. 
What effects does standing in front of an animal staring at a glowing electronic device, while giggling, have on its perception of us
The “AWWWWW” I just let out woke up my dog 
My two pups wait in the laundry room to be dried off. And one of the sits and waits for her feet to be cleaned. My only accomplishment as a dog owner.

&#x200B;
Lol oh wow that’s a very well trained doggy
r/petthedamndog
I had a golden retriever that wanted to go outside constantly in the winter because we would blow dry her paws inside the door way upon her return. She loved it! 
Best dogs ever, I had three of them.
Oh that's simply perfect!  How cute!
Mine knows what to do too. He will stop just inside the door I stead of flying through like he usually does. 
I do the same thing with my dog. When she walks in I get the front feet, then she walks a couple steps past me and stretches her back feet out one at a time. I kinda really love her.
I used to love dog sitting my friends lab because he was trained like this

If there was rain, he knew to stay by the door until he saw a towel

Then he'd calmly let you dry his paws

It was adorable
Polite boyo 
Was anyone else expecting him to drop the towel and reveal his entire lower half covered in mud?
r/petthedamndog
Goodboi 💯
lol
My minpin knows the drill like this haha I tell her "gimme those paws" when it's raining or snowy out. And she runs straight to where her towel hangs. 
Good boy!
My Golden does the same thing, he walks in, rolls over, and puts his feet in the air
Well isn't that just the cutest darned pupper. Who's a good boy!
Awwwww hes such a good boy. His face says " am i doing this right mom???? I dont wanna make a mess and make you upset i want to be a good boy!" You are a good boy youre the best boy!
Cute
Oh my god! I saw a lady walking a German Shepard while I was driving today, and it was holding it's own bag of treats in its mouth as they walked. It was real cool
Please let me in.
My husky knows the drill when it's raining which is why he tries to run into the house before we can wipe his feet.
Awww, he knows!
Beautiful
Wish my lab knew. He goes outside to use bathroom and he always comes back wet and smelly. Lab coats are thick so its a mess
Good boy Coop
That dog is just looking at you like "Karen are you gonna wipe my feet or film me all day".
Definitely made me aww. Those EYES are so adorable.
I just melted, i am litterally just a puddle of doggo love rn
We have to do the same thing for my springer spaniel and his mops for paws.
Aw he just wants to come in, he looks so sad
I do the same. The heavier the dog, the more the mud
I hate pupper and doggo
Well go on then, dry that good boyes toe beans 
*Is this right?*
OMG I love you so much, Puppy!!! Come here and let me snuggle you for life!
I wish my dogs were this exciting about getting their paws wiped! 
I wish my dog was that good! I think he's that smart, but he's not that nice. 
This pupper drilled a hole straight to my heart
Haha we had a dog when I grew up that refused to enter the house when it was rainy outside if we hadn’t wiped his paws or belly first. He was a special boy. He would come with me and my siblings to parties and always got his own happy meal when we bought McDonald’s. He never ate his breakfast sandwich if it hadn’t been dipped in chocolate milk before and he had his own voice. Couldn’t even bark properly, just talk in that special voice. I swear that dog was not a dog, it was a human in a dogs body. He passed when he was 14 years old. Damn I miss him. I’ll never meet another dog like him. 
Cooper the pooper! What a cutie!
Good boy, Cooper. Here's a treat 
"Ok. Let's get this over with. But if it's anything master? It was the cat who started this. I just followed my natural instinct. Who was I to know there'd be 20 mud puddles in that lawn?" 
youre lucky thats the “good” cooper 
He looks very sad about it. Ears back like he’s in trouble. 
Awww, my girl does something similar. She always likes to go for a swim in the pool after going for a walk. We always dry her with her special towel before she comes inside. One day, no one got around to drying her, so she ran inside and found me, stared at me until I noticed her, then ran outside to her towel. She was asking me to come dry her off before she came inside. Clever girl.
All these people saying their dogs love to get their feet dried off and they have the zoomies after coming in when it's wet.
 
My dog treats getting his paws and legs dried as punishment.  He doesn't get the zoomies, he actively sulks and he walks like he hates the world.
We let my dog out on a long leash with a huge running space, he'll stay out for ages if it snows. He will come in and lift his leg up for us to wipe it, and then proceeds to lift his other legs one after the other until he's clean.

Other than that, he's a little shit!
Omg that is so cute how well trained he is
Meanwhile, my girl hates it. She will scramble away from me if she sees an inch of a towel. *sigh*
Thank you, Cooper!!!! Yous a big boy! Yous a good boy! 
My... my heart!!! 
What a good doggo
Lol so cuteeeee
Now THAT'S a good boy!!!
r/LETTHEDAMNDOGIN
Him is good boye,
Has his own towel,
Loves his mom, so
Wipe his feet now.
My moms dog does this. We just toss her the towel and she dries herself off. Its adorable.
I assume the cat wrote the sign. 
I have two cats, my nervous feral rescue will position her ready to get dried while my 15 year old one couldn't give any less shits, I have to drag him away from the food bowl for the completely unacceptable 10 seconds it takes to make sure he's not a total wet mess.
MY HEART, this is so adorable!
I literally bought baby wipes for my two dogs today because of the mud..... And my couch. And the carpet. And my bedsheets. And my shoes. 

Edit: they love trouncing on every surface/object possible after they’ve completely coated themselves in mud. 
That's a doggo
ATTABOY
The face on that dog. So cute I basically can’t stand it. 
Omg. Please give him all the pats!!
How come my golden retriever only wants to EAT the towels?
Am suing OP for my medical bills. Anyone have a spare heart? Mine melted
Those eyes <3 
Ok, so Cooper is handsome AND smart.
Such a good boy! 
Cooper is the best boy and a national treasure 
Awe! Your pupper has better manners than most people!!
O
M
F
G
That’s the sweetest best puppy ever 
We have the same “rule” at our house! But our furry pup doesn’t like it as much. 
Awww our lab did something like this too! He’d set in the entryway and lift his paws for me to wipe them. 
Aww that face. 😍
Good boy requires the boops.
https://i.imgur.com/l8mMuk4.gif

This is our solution.... Yours seems like a better one! 
Such a good boi! 
I know I’m late.  But living in Denver recently, I resonate hrd  w / my pup
/u/vreddit_bot


r/rarepuppers
Good pupper Cooper!
Aww nice dog!!
I love dogs like this, my boy will sit down and offer his paws to be dried off when we come in from the rain or snow. We keep a towel right by the door and he knows not to charge into the house when we grab it.
So smart and cute awwww!
“Do what must be done”
Extremely precious and hilarious!:))) 
I wish my dogs would do that.
Cooper is a good boy a really good boy
Now THAT is a gooood boy!!! 🤗🐶💖💗💖
When making be had been in the sea swimming she would all ways wait at the back gate to be let in the garden to dry her self off 
That face!!! Good boye!!!!! 🤗
Who’s the best boi
The dumbest and most set up thing I've ever seen. And dog looks abused. Shame on you all.
Mine dog hates baths and really doesn't care for toweling off either.

In fact, if its raining outside, he won't even go out unless he's REALLY gotta go, and you aint ever seen a dog get his business done so fast.
Man, I wish I wasn’t allergic to dogs. I love them, but having one in my house would just be torture 
/r/WipeTheDamnDog
What a GOOD boy!!!!
Better behavior than many People !
How adorable!😍
My pup is obsessed with towels. We call them towelies, and if I even SUGGEST it’s time for towelies she will lose her shit. Makes shower time a liiiitle rowdy, bc she immediately tries to roll on the towel if able
Now that, is a good boy 
Cooper is a very good boy.
r/petthedamndog
Cooper definitely has much better manners than some people I know 
Its called a dog, or a puppy.
He’s very very good. 
/r/drythedamndog
The goodest good boy.
I want to get a dog, but it has to be a dog just like this.  Where can I get a dog just like this?
He’s so adorable 
I don’t got all day, feet wipe now
My cat will never understand... 
After bath https://imgur.com/gallery/fcIS4l8
The moment I saw the dog's name I immediately knew what breed it was.
My puppers Boomer wipes his feet when he comes in
Awwwww
My dog actually rolls over on to the kitchen floor for a whole body rub down.
You're such a very good boy Cooper.❤️
Cooper definitely knows where his towel is!
Adorable! Loved it.
Get this man a puppers
His eyes! Aww. Soo fuckin adorable. 
Aww totally reminds me of my childhood labs. We’d wipe their paws too 🐾 ❤️
This pup is more considerate than my roommates
God I wish my dog was that good.
Retriever or Lab?  Two family members say Lab and one says Retriever because nose, eyes, ears and fury ears.
That's class
What a good boy!
Lol! My lab likes his feet dried. My Boston mix hates it. He'll gnaw on knuckles when I try.
My dog hates it when it rains. It only goes out if he really has to. And even then, he does his business and runs inside. 

When he goes to the beach or dog park. He knows when we get home. It’s straight to the shower. 
u/vreddit_bot
Such a good boy.
Hey, can a non-gay guy say the word "fabulous"?
Well that’s the cutest fucking thing I’ve ever seen. 
Such a good pup! ❤
My golden does that. She loves to get cleaned. Loves her towels. 
I've been having a rough day. This made me smile and smush my face. Thank you.
What a smart & adorable baby!
Let him in now
Wipe his feet and let him in already!
This truly made me internally aww.
What a heckin good boy
You could have at least credited the person who took this vid😤
My girls handshake trick turned in to all four paws for this as well! She sleeps with me and it’s become a fun thing to see her be smart and behave so well when I ask for each paw when it rains
Good pupper 
Cooper, a good boy 
My big boi loves being toweled off. He knows if he stands in the rain and cries enough we let him in..... Despite being a husky who has 2 perfectly good dog houses. But he is a sweet heart so it's ok.
Cute dog, but how’d he get the towel without walking inside first? 
He's a good boi!!!!!
Cute
I was hiding under the porch because I love you
My heart is melting now! Look at his eyes saying I know what's gonna happen.
Good boy cooper 
The bestest goodie boy !
The good news is that teaching this trick to your dog is really not that hard, it just takes time and patience. ... One more thing you should be aware of is that your pup will only wipe his front paws, most dogs will not wipe their hind feet, but you may still be able to train them to.  
Sweetfaced doggo
Awwww such a smart pupper
Howd he get the towel, if he didnt go inside without wiping his feet first?

Got you, OP. Cooper doesn’t know shit.
AKA they handed him the towel to pose him for the video.
My heart 😭
Now that's a good boy 🥰 
You can tell he’s a good boy by the way he is.
OPEN THE FUCK DOOR YOU MONSTER
Drie boye
Aww 10/10. Very good, no... the BEST boy.
OMFG, he is the bestist boi ever. I want TWO 
The best boy
That's the face of a good boy. 
What a good boy
He’s a good boy
That’s a goood boi
Awwwww. He’s a good boi. I wants him xx
Man y'all lucky you have pets smh 
My doggo just stands there while I grab the towel with her head hung low, all guilty like "ok... I know I'm covered in mud... I'll just wait here... I'm sorry!!" 
Precious pupper. Good doggo
fuck cooper
Congrats on the correct spelling of Mum. British or Australian? 
The goodest pupper 
r/pet. r/the. r/fucking. r/dog.
hoooollyyyyy shittt
now this belongs on r/rarepuppers
This thing has a 10 million IQ 
Ugh I hate dogs faces, they looks so annoying
Thanks for not recording wiping his feet and letting him inside you asshole
