I like that they both feel like they won the lottery in both pictures.
My great aunt married an African American in the 50s and was disowned by the family. When I was a teen she lived less than 15 minutes away from my grandma (her sister) and my grandmother refused to even acknowledge her existence. I was written out of her will for reconnecting with my great aunt. She's a lovely old lady who is absolutely obsessed with cats.
My oldest aunt married a black guy from Mississippi back in the 70's and I never forget the story that my folks, who were from NW Minnesota, told me about my grandpa and the time he took him on a hunting trip in the middle of nowhere.  Must have been a site to see, an old heavily accented Norwegian with a very dark man from the south roving the field of nowhere MN and it was a chance for them to bond.

Makes me smile today knowing that even though there some real prices of trash out there making it look like we haven't advanced at all as a society, at one time a Norse mechanic and an ex-boxer from the deep south in the early 70's were out chasing deer.

Side note, he and my aunt ended up having beautiful daughters, nothing like Creole black and Norwegian to give you great skin and angular features, that part of the family was out in CA until only recently they moved back to the same pocket of MN.
Man that's wild. 65 years ago, she got kicked out for loving dude.
I am Black and Asian. My wife is German, French, and Scottish. All of our friends said that we would not make it. Today we are celebrating our 18th Anniversary. I know it doesn’t compare to Mary and Jake, but it’s a great start! I am so happy for Mary and Jake. They helped pave the way for people like u/suicidebetty and me! So thank you for that!!
Who kicked Mary out and from where? Both photos are great.
Imagine how hard it was for them back then. It had to be so difficult.  I don't think you could have a relationship like this in southern states and be safe back then. Congrats to them, its really a milestone
It’s like this for my aunt and uncle. She was disowned by her family for decades and they are in their late fifties so not that old. Shit is not that uncommon y’all 
>Now it’s very hard to comprehend the prejudice we encountered, but you have to remember that there were hardly any black people in Britain in the Forties. I met Jake when he came over during the war from Trinidad, as part of the American forces stationed at the Burtonwood base near my home in Lancashire. We were at the same technical college. I was having typing and shorthand lessons and he’d been sent there for training by the Air Force. He was with a group of black friends and they called my friend and me over to talk. We didn’t even know they spoke English, but Jake and I got chatting. He quoted Shakespeare to me, which I loved.

Sweet
Jake reminds me of Leon Bridges
Interracial still has hardships even post70s.  Best of luck to the couple for enduring pop culture psych and staying together despite the cultural vicissitudes of time.
Dealing with issues in 2019 as an interracial couple, all my hats go out to you both. This is the true meaning of love ❤
Based on her wearing a chai around her neck in the more recent photo, I am guessing her family are Jewish. For shame if the disowned the own family member for loving a person of colour. 
Gorgeous couple 
That is a beautiful love story written in their eyes. 

My grandma's sister had an African-American child. Her husband and she were white. (1930s). They took the child to the doc as they couldn't figure out why that child was so dark completed. Doc told them to wipe it down with bleach. From what gram said, the entire family adored that child (most beautiful child in our fam gram would claim.) They had no clue. Silly idiots!
When I was a teenager, I dated a half white / half african american guy (who looked mostly african american). My mom was very unhappy about it and made pretty passive but unpleasant comments like, "You wouldn't really want to marry a black guy, would you?", even though he was a really nice guy.

Years later, I dated a white guy who treated me like absolute garbage and my mother hated him. She grew a lot over the years as a person, too. After 2 years of a shitty relationship I had moved to Japan to study. I ended up meeting my husband while I was in university there. We fell in love, dated for 3 years and got married. He is the sweetest man I've ever met, treats me like a princess, tells me he loves me and that I'm beautiful all the time, etc etc. My mom absolutely adores him and always talks about how cute we are together.

I was lucky that my mom changed as a person. She was never aggressive about her racism and certainly would never treat anyone poorly for their race but she made it quite clear that she didn't find other races, particularly african americans and asians, to be attractive or marriage material. (She never seemed to dislike hispanics that much for some reason unless they were "ghetto". I guess because most of them have light skin and can pass for white? Idk....) In the end, my mom admitted that she had bad views and they weren't right and that she's happy to have changed as a person to accept everyone as they are.
Beautiful couple! One day the world may learn that love has no color... 
He was killing it in that suit
What a beautiful couple. Then and now.
Same almost happened with my mom when she married someone with melanin, and the result is most of the family thinking she was out of her mind or a”acting out” for attention. Needless to say, we totally cut ties with most of our family except some cousins and my grandparents who still wanted to be in our lives. 

Mama wasn’t  married 65 years, mind you, but disownment wasn’t really an option for my grandparents so they sucked it up despite being huge racists at the time. Crazy how people can even “disown” their children in the first place. The thought disgusts me.
My dumbass just now realized the reason interracial elderly couples are rarer than young interracial couples is because they weren't allowed to get married/ be together in their youth.
Mary still loves Jake. Her smile says it all. 
They have the same exact smiles after all that time!
65 years? Now that's love ❤️ they are an inspiration! 
The fact that they got married 65 years ago makes those two amazing heroes. Cheers, indeed!
Wow...65 years. That’s pretty amazing. Marriages don’t last anywhere close to that nowadays 
How GREAT does it feel when you say you’ve been together 65YEARS?!

I’m proud to say “30”...
Good on you, the rest of the nay-sayers don’t count and mean nothing.

No matter relationships or who they are.

Good vibes only, may your day be as pleasant as you are!
[deleted]
Such brave people. Love seeing this.
Hardcore fucking awesome 
Wow they look even happier after 65 years! Just looking at them makes me smile! 
Damn fine looking couple and I'm glad they found each other.
when you made a decision and realize how right your decision was 😍😍😍
That’s beautiful. My Dad was disowned by his family for wanting to marry my Mom (they got engaged after 4 months). They’ll be celebrating 49 years together this June. He had his close childhood friend (and his wife) serve as our aunt and uncle, his friend’s Dad our grandpa. He gave me and my brother an amazing childhood. Plus he was able to retire early and set up an education trust for all 5 of his grandchildren. I tear up sometimes thinking about the example he and my Mom set about what it truly means to love. I am a lucky man.
Apparently I'm a pessimist because my first thought was "what if she got kicked out for him and he didn't love her back" when I'm literally looking at pictures of a happy marriage
What a gorgeous couple! Oh the stories they could tell! They should write a book about everything good & bad that happened in every decade they were married.  
60 years ago this was illegal. Remember it was just 60 years ago. Brown vs board of ed over turned separate but equal. 
So next time you hear some one say, why they cant just be like every other american. We people of colored didn't have the chance to be it. Until 60byears ago
*does math to figure out what year they married*


oh... oh damn.
**Kicked out from where?**
Kicked out of what?
I’m in love with this
I hate racism! Who cares about skin colour, religion, etc. Love is love. 
Cheers!  Those two have been through some shit together.
Love wins.
To be married for 65 years is a major accomplishment.
My aunt is a white woman, and my uncle (who is black) were not treated fairly by my old fashioned grandmother. She used to not let them sleep in the same room when we visited her for holidays. I love him like my own flesh and blood. I still have pictures of him holding me as a baby. How anyone could disown, push away, or reject someone because of their skin color baffles me. Let's all love one another as equals. 
You GO, Mary and Jake! Well done!
Jake looks like Leon Bridges
Kicked out of what?
The look on Mary’s face is priceless. 
In both photos. 
Beautiful couple. Fuck me tearing up on early morning Sunday
Okay, this lady is a beast, she literally followed her heart when it could have meant absolutely fucking death and nightmare. Superhero level self-esteem and courage.
Kicked out of what?
Yay for love and yay for that wedding dress!
That's what is love
Love is love 
YAY love !
Another ten years and we'll say it's a serious relationship.
#<3
How fucking cute does Jake look in that first photo. Man I'm a dude who's married with two kids and I'd try and get with Jake.

Congratulations to them both, they make a wonderful couple.
I love this love so much
Regardless of race, that is what I want(ed). I mean, it's already too late for this kind of pic, but I'd love to meet someone who loved and accepted me the way these two seem to.
Brave, strong, and beautiful!
Is this the 65yr challenge? 
Mary has a million dollar smile! 
Congratulations to all of you in mixed marriages or relationships. Anyone who can't accept that you love each other seems a little shallow to. Best of luck to all of you and your families.
I bet these two are a hoot to be around. Good for them!!
So beautiful, then and now!
Okay I have a theory. It's probably a stupid theory, I think most couples who go through major obstacles and adversity to be together end up lasting longer. Something about a shared traumatic experience makes the bond stronger I think. 

I've never been in love unfortunately, so I may be taking out of my ass.
My parents were lucky that their relationship blossomed post star trek kiss.

They were both big star trek fans actually.
never forget to sort by controversial for your daily dose of douchebaggery 
Damn I’m glad their love persevered. The best revenge is a life well lived. 
My best friend's mom didn't go as far as disowning but there was definitely a lot of fights, negativity, and shitty commentary because she was dating a white guy. She's African. So much so that she almost broke up with him to make her mom happy and make it all stop. She stuck it out because he ended up proposing. They're married now and just had a kid but it wasn't until the baby was announced that her mom finally came around.
Fuck racism. Glad this couple took the risk and followed true love.
Kicked out of what?
[deleted]
awwww,, this is so nice. Cheers to those who have fought to have the love they desire against all odds!
Aww I love interracial couples!
Her smile got even better :)
She looks so giddy and genuinely happy in both and I love it.
Also: fuck bigotry
Thank you *Loving vs. Virginia*
[removed]
Sorting by controversial.  Wish me luck.
My girlfriend was kicked out for dating me. They don’t approve of me age (6 years older), think I’m a piece of doo doo for not finished college, but yet I own my own house(almost paid of), my own car(almost paid off), make 70k a year. They wanted her to date guys they choose and she didn’t want that. Sucks that she has to go through that with her family but she’s happy being with me and that’s what matters
They’re so cute!!! 
Beautiful couple. 
Mary saying "Fuck you" to her rascist ass parents. You go, Mary!
That wedding dress is fucking 🔥🔥🔥
[deleted]
Love this so much! Cheers Mary & Jake! 
Wholesome. :') 
 Jake looks smoooooth in that suit 
I love them both. They look vibrant and happy. 
Makes me smile. Love is love ❤️ 
Like a good wine, cuter with age.
My grandmother had my father and his siblings taken from her until she married a white guy. She was lucky enough to have found a good guy who let my grandfather see his kids from time to time. But they were forbidden from revealing his paternity until my great grandmother passed away. Sadly it was only a few years before my grandfather passed too, so in the end they never really got to know him or their heritage. 
This is beautiful!! Love conquers all!!!
Very heartwarming u/naughtykteacher
It's this kind of story that really puts the whole "love wins" movement into perspective for me.
😊 these two pictures made me smile.   I’m happy now.  
Big up Mary and Jake 
Love is love.
Cheers!
Happy as the day the met.
How fricken cute are they???
10/10
I love stories like theirs!  Reminds me of the story of my great grandparents.

Living in Virginia, great grandpa met a woman and they fell in love.  Disturbed at the idea of their daughter marrying a black man, her parents moved them across the country to South Dakota.  My great grandfather, a freedman of some means followed them, and married my great grandmother much to her now broke parents' dismay.
Here's the scoop:

https://www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-2045815/Our-love-colour-blind--families-werent-Mixed-race-couples-generations-tell-stories.html
That title made no sense in this subreddit until I saw the pic
They aged pretty well
Really cool pic!
Either he shrunk, she grew, or that hat hid a lot of hair (they are still adorable)
Jake from State Farm?
Bless!
Young Jake looks like Leon Bridges!
An adorable revolution.
Oh I adore them so..
This makes me feel so happy after a lonely week. Thank you.
I would like to see a sitcom where they are the quirky old neighbors. They just look so happy. 
They both look so cute!!!
I love LOVE!
Literally looks like the relationship just keeps getting better and happier. I love this ♥️
They look like a sweet couple :) 
LOVE WINS
So glad Jake was not murdered
Love knows no bounds
Not jealous at all 😭
Beautiful💓People 
Beautiful couple!
Young Jake looks like Leon Bridges!
This is awesome sauce. 
Her smile is gorgeous in both photos. Full of joy! 
Seeing posts like this restores humanity a little bit more in these crazy times of ours. The bravery it took for them is astronomical. The Definition of love!
Tristan Thompon is the modern day version. 
Beautiful.
Jake on the right looks like the kind of guy who's gonna ask me if I know about shining.
What an amazing story! To go through that kind of adversity and still have that much love and passion for each other! This warms my hart and gives me hope for humanity!
Love has no limits
Love endures 
I just commented on a post saying that I’ve only got a little faith in humanity left but reddit is slowly but surely increasing it 
[deleted]
❤️❤️❤️🦑🦑🦑🦡🦡🦡
Their smiles are bigger now than they were 65 years ago. That's true love.
This better hit 100k updoots
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Ill never get 65 years with someone wowzer
So awesome and wonderful.to see love like this. 
Uncanny Bill Cosby resemblance on the right
Holy crap, this has 100k upvoted in 5 hours
Ah, true love!
We all come from the same people.  I come from Welsh and English ancestors.  My husband has some Indian in him. My kids are beautiful.  We are all mixed somehow.  I don't understand the bigotry. 
Yo wtf the black guy turned into an old white woman and the white lady turned into an old black guy
Those people who dissavowed this couple surely missed out on a wonderful couple.  Hoping American interracial relationship anxiety continues its slow burn to nothing.  Cuz thats what it is.
I’ve been with my husband 11 years. He’s black I’m white. My grandmother still has issues with it and doesn’t fully accept it. 
Love is love no matter the color. 
I couldn’t imagine though what it must have been like with societal pressures back then. 
She is beaming! Love is awesome.
That took a lot of courage, congratulations.
She looks super jewish
This made me smile, thank you. 
They both look really good considering their age
That love sure ages you 
Love is love 💕
😭😭😭 I’m not crying, you are. 😍
[I’m gonna go ahead and be the TOTAL SAP who links The Revivalists video about the interracial couple because it’s the most adorable video ever](https://youtu.be/o0Pt7M0weUI) 
This is so ridiculously dumb. I can't imagine kicking someone out because you don't agree with the person they love. If the person isn't abusing them or taking advantage of them who gives a shit. They love who they love. 
he went from will smith to bill cosby
I am happy for this Jewish woman. More Jewish people should race mix and Israel should open their borders to promote it :)
So sad.

My grandma was an Irish immigrant in Canada, my grandpa a Barbadian immigrant. Irish immigrants were put on the same "level" as black folks those days, so there was no contention on her family's part thankfully. Now they have adorable mixed grand and great grandbabies like me ;)

Also, he looked like Leon Bridges when he was younger!
Fuck anyone who is racist. Fuck all racists, just let them be miserable failures in life. While couples like these two will be happy, successful, and loved. 
They both look so happy after all these years
Hell fucking yeah! 
My mother was German Royalty until ahe married my African American father. Shes an amazing woman and i love her to death.
I can't even imagine the courage that took back then. Fuck.
Fuck this karma farming bullshit. It’s so blatant
You cannot snuff out the flames of love.
I knew Leon Bridges was sent from the past.
True love has no color.
So sweet! Thanks for sharing. :3

Edit: lol, why would someone dwnvote this? I’m sure you’re a ray of sunshine that doesn’t cause blisters to all who behold your most regal shine.
🤗
How to defeat haters: Outlive them?
I sympathize with Mary and Jakes hardship love through the previous generations.  This is... usually... puppies and bunnies and stuff, put some bunny ears on Mary.. Social Justice is is cool anywhere like the pet forum.

&#x200B;

God bless Mary and Jake for 65 years of hardtime matrimony.   Bravin prejudice, racism, bigotry, feudal kinship, oppression.  65 years these two did it.  Here's an upvote.  Social justince in the pet forum. \\m/

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;
Their smiles haven't changed :)

As an older half black, half white human person, this makes me smile extra deep
[removed]
Judge a person by their character
Jake was a very handsome young man.
Lovely to see.thanks
Nice to see they got it to work out!
Love is love!
Was it worth it? Married for over 6 decades tells me it was more than worth it. Soulmates. 
I can only image how nice and respectful he must have always been to her especially through all that bullshit back in the day. This is amazing!
Cheers for love!
So cute :3
Nice
Beautiful, love wins. 💗
Cheers for love!! 🍻
if they had a dollar for every piece of hatemail.
This is amazing, you're amazing, and your family sucks. Go you for doing the right thing.
Aww, what a beautiful couple. Must be a beautiful marriage, too--that's a good, long life together. Here's to hoping they're blessed with a good while longer!
This makes me happy :D
I hope to live to 65 
What a beautiful couple 
this made me smile. thanks OP. 
I have an old lady friend who told be before she passed away her son cut all contact with her when she married a Chinese man. It was a second marriage for both of them.  They were happily married for many years before he passed away. When she passed her son was notified but he refused to come visit her before she died and the funeral. Her daughter in law through the years did secretly send her a card every once in a great while with some photos of her grandchildren.  I was always sad for her when she talked about son and his family. 
Her smile is so charming, I wish both the very best! :)
1000th comment don’t mind me
Interesting, named Mary but wearing a chai necklace. Maybe she was taken in by a righteous gentile during the Holocaust.
Jake looks like a great young man
You go Mary!! ❤️
What a lovely couple! They look so happy!
❤️
This is love.
Yay for love!!! 🥰😊 so adorable 
Then you have the tweet from the angry black woman '90% of black men marry black women, don't let those Cheerios commercials fool you'.
I'm gonna marry who I please. I will not date a black man who tries to date me because I'm white, or one that puts down black women. I've met men like that and I won't tolerate it. 
But if a black man and I truly fall in love I will marry him no matter if we look like a Cheerios commercial or not, and no matter WHO it pisses off. Because race doesn't matter, and that means everyone, every single person in every color should acknowledge it. 
Aww, they look so happy together! 
Extra strength and endurance, love.
This makes me sooo happy to read.  Admire their courage and commitment.  
nothing beats love
Kicked out of what? 
I know my great great great  grandmother was an Irish woman. She was with a black man and was disowned from her family. I don't know my Irish side of the family. But as a black girl she made me truely believe love is blind because I don't think I'd risk my family for love. 
I adore courageous women. I have a weakness for them.
In a time where white people hated black people and vice versa these people found love.

Incredible, cheers for a longer marriage.
They'll never last
From my extensive search results comprised of vast man-hours of work (basically I looked at these photos for a bit!) I can conclude that these are a wonderful couple and Mary in particular is a smashing fun gal!
What an adorable couple both then and now.  
It kinda looks like she's wearing a jewish necklace too 
Race is a cultural construction. Colour is real. But colour is just pigment. We are all the same species, the same humanity. The baggage of colonialism and slavery, all the lies told regarding race - white supremacy - are entirely without base. We are the same humanity. 
Kicked out of what?
<3
My grandma thought I was dating a black guy one time and that’s when I found out she was racist and that I also wanted nothing to do with her. I can’t stand racism and this picture makes me so happy. What a beautiful couple 💕
Wow Jake looks exactly like Leon Bridges
God Bless. Congratulations 😍
Dude looks like “everybody hates Chris”
dude looks like Tyler James Williams
Such a beautiful couple, both then and now.
This is awesome!!!
Love knows no human borders.. 
Wow. She looks so happy still!
How beautiful is their love! Live the love of this couple live forever.............
leon bridges and ilana glazer
Looks like Leon Bridges. 
It’s amazing at how shocking the picture is on the  left and the one on the right feels so normal. I’m glad times have changed. 
Congrats to the happy and bold couple. 
He looks like the kid from everybody hates chris
How did her nose get longer and his nose got shorter? 
Kicked out from where?
Kicked out of what?
She dressed like an 80 year old in her 20s, and dresses like a 30 year old in her 80s. 
On my small phone, I thought the man on the right was Bill Cosby at first. Concerning.
Bill Cosby lookin 
Anybody else think he looks like an older Bill Cosby?

The black n white picture looks like Leon Bridges.
Dude looks like Joseph from Baby Driver
Shit, if this wasn't a sitcom in the 80s, it was in the 90s
I read this as Maury and I was so confused for a good minute
Kicked out? 
Wow jake became an old white woman
Great looking couple then and now!! 🎉
Edgy 
R/oldschoolcool 
Wow. We went from that to now my sister is mixed and no one gives a damn.
It makes me happy that this is likely the first time in human history that this pairing would be so widely accepted.  Love all you humans.  Ok, maybe not all of you, but most of you.
/r/FirstWorldAnarchists 
sicc
AYYYYY nice 👍 
He looks like [Leon Bridges](https://www.google.com/search?q=leon+bridges&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&sqi=2&ved=0ahUKEwjGnYijs9PgAhWHsJ4KHbgEBEAQ_AUIECgD&biw=1536&bih=760#imgrc=RMBt3jyocgpmvM:).
Young version looks like Leon Bridges.
Awesome!
From State Farm?
...kicked out of where?
I love you Mary 
Aww..
That's so nice!
Did her parents eventually come around?
Etika's great grandfather
[The Perfect Song For These Two.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_8jR0rf9zgY)
These guys don't look like they're in their eighties
❤️❤️❤️
Aww.
Designing Women.  Love them!  
Mary likes her men like she likes her coffee
And he probably didn’t had to be 6’O  
Yey for 65 years ago when people got married. 
Well, Jake was a handsome dude
Old chap looking like a young Eddy Murphy.
Good on them 
Anyone else look  at pics like this and realize that you may never have something like this? I just did 
Is it just me or does his younger photo look just like Leon Bridges?
Happy Anniversary!!! ❤❤❤
❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️love is all we need ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Ii
Would love to see an AMA with these two!
Leon. Ridges is that you?
Is it just me or does the left picture remind you of orlando jones and bill cosby on the right?
Kicked out of what?
If you are older then love will be the same.
We looked sharp in that suit.
Damn, people were classier than me back in the day.
He got shorter 
KL and out of popol
Bjfengeemw cw vwwebqfwfng ∆Zba a
I anooeomoriwz it wmpo
😍😍😍
r/meh
[removed]
For a second I thought that was bill Cosby and was like wtf
Any context?  As far as I know this is just any other interracial couple.
Love wins 
I just realized I haven’t seen an elderly black and white couple till now. I can’t wait for a society in the future where you’ll see many mixed elderly couples and the children will grow up knowing that as normal no matter the parents.
Love this
Love wins. And this example longer than most! Cheers!
Kicked out of?
kicked out of what?
this isn't awwww
A cute couple from the beginning 
Love knows no race
They make a very handsome couple. 
Looks like she never went back... 
This does my heart a heap of good!! I've always hated that people have kicked out, disowned, shunned, etc. the people they supposedly loved just for loving someone. Many bigots lay the blame God & their religion for  their actions. I'm not the really religious type, but it seems to me that if God is a truly loving entity then HE/SHE would approve of ALL love whether it's between 2 people of


And they are just as adorable now as they were back then! Congrats to both!!
Kicked out where? 
That hat is spectacular, I want one! 
I can’t imagine the amount of courage and love required to do this back in those days. I wish I had even a fraction of what these two have to stand up for that in which I believe. 
Kick out of what? 
She looks happy with her choice in the first picture. She looks *ecstatic* in the 2nd! Obviously, she made the right choice.
[deleted]
very cute
The only crime here is that suit.
Like a good neighbor statefarm is there!
And whi says white women cannot be capable of marrying black men in the 1900's! They look so abstract and so cute together!
What a gorgeous couple,  they look so happy together. 
Absolutely incredible. I love this. Cheers. 
FUCK YEAH!
Now that is a lovely couple.  
Is that a double-breasted suit or is it really baggy?  Don't get me wrong, I like baggy, have never been a fan of clothes that hug the form too closely.
Old couples are so cute
What a beautiful couple! Their outfits in the older photo are amazing.  
Good for them for sticking up for love. I'm sure Mary enjoys her husband's company more than the people who kicked her out. It's their loss anyway. She looks like a fun person to be around. 
Jake is a good looking dude
Follow your heart. The world be damned.
I’m exploring the realm of downvoted comments
Love is love.
I love this.
awww love wins!!
He looks like the kid from everybody hates Chris in the first one 
Beautiful couple and smiles!
God bleedin’ bless ya Mary and Jake!
What a lovely couple!
Good for you for reconnecting.  Your family lost more than your great aunt.  Beautiful couple. 
That suit is OG, literally
He looks like Leon Bridges, wow
This is what people should aim to have in their life ..
True love 💕 Cheers 🥂 
No real harm in getting kicked out if you're just gonna go and get married.
'Merica
LMAO
Merica! 

When everyone says no, but you say fuck’em. 
Dab on the haters!
So freaking adorable. 
i’m not crying it’s just raining in my house rn
Both black and white photos.
This. This is the good stuff.
This is fucking adorable. 
long live mary and jake
get default danced on racism
Bruh, this sub is devolving, no one seems to know what it's for anymore, it's for cute animals and babies, not uplifting things or accomplishments
This is all that damned reefer's fault! It's madness I tell ya! 
can't they keep on the same side for continuities sake???

Edit, I should have put /s mb
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Reddit loves taboo
Congratulations!!! Wow amazing!!
Come on humans, we can be so much better...so much. 

Edit: What the fuck is wrong with you people? That someone gets kicked out of their home for this sort of shit is appalling and you people are pathetic or are morons who make stupid assumptions ...fucking humans.
She must have really hated her dad.
I bet their kids have horribly shaped noses. 

Edit: am I wrong? Do either of these people have traditionally attractive noses?
Not aww at all. 
Just a post highlighting racial inequality of the past for some easy upvotes


Couldn't be bothered to select the same side? Just kidding if this is real I'm happy for them.
[removed]
/r/pics has really gone to shit. Oh this is /r/aww. /r/aww has really gone to shit. Bring back the cute animals assholes
[removed]
Who cares? This isnt cute. 
[deleted]
[removed]
Trans race and gender? Reddit gold!!!
[deleted]
Pound sand.
[removed]
She still can’t get enough of Jake’s BBC. 
I mean yay but who really cares 
Society’s Child by Janis Ian comes to mind
Aww, man, this is super cute! 
It will never last. /s

Edit: sorry, just watched Downton Abbey and they said that about a mixed race couple. Downton Abbey took place around the 1920's.
[removed]
Daequan? Is that you brother? 
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Wow. What an incredible story. To see two people who defied the customs of the time and married out of love, and then both got race and gender reassignment surgeries. What a time to be alive!
[removed]
