It’ll be a year tomorrow since Weez went to the vet to begin his weight loss journey - comprised of monthly weigh ins and consultations. He’s officially lost six pounds and feeling like a new cat. 20lbs to 14lbs!

Edit: I’m trying to get through the comments! Weez has been eating Royal Canin Satiety Support for the past year - a mix of wet food, dry food and treats. his original plan was 1/4 cup three times a day and now he’s on two 1/4 cup servings a day. I sometimes reserve some of his dry food to throw down the hall for a late night snack or he’ll get a bit more food if he’s still hungry. slow and steady wins the race! pro tip: my vet recommends lots of cat nip! it’s low calorie and gives the feeling of eating a treat.

he gets weighed every six weeks and they review his progress and mealplan. for exercise, I mostly throw food or treats down the hallway but I’ve also taught him to catch them in his mouth (or maybe it’s the chonkiness?) so he’s always moving! he also loves toys featuring feather on strings and wire, laser pointing (for two minutes before he’s annoyed), and he especially loves Target scratch houses. gotta get those reps in. 

best of luck to all of you with your own chonkers out there trying to lose weight! it isn’t easy; Weez went through a few different diet plans before we found something to keep the weight off. his brother is so slim and eats the same amount, making it really hard to try to have one cat gain and one cat lose. 

thank you for all of the love! I assure you that Weez will get a headscratch and cuddles for each comment. he’s a very good boi who loves giving kisses and cuddling up to his people. 




I’m proud of him
Not many owners would actually take the effort to take care of their pet's health properly and some don't even acknowledge the problems. Good on you, you're a good person/owner.
Oh lawd he comin. And goin. And comin. And goin.

Oh lawd he exercising
OH LAWD HE HEALTHY
r/GetMotivated 
An healthy cat is always a cuter cat. Well done.
Good job human!! ⭐️⭐️⭐️
r/progresspics
Because of the image size ratio of before and after it looks like you just shrunk the width of the after pic in MS Paint lmao 
It's not often you see people before and after weight progress pics 😂

Really though, nice job to you and your cat. Like another comment I saw said, not a lot of owners would go through the trouble just for their fat cat and it's health. I don't think they usually think about the cats health :/
How on earth do you exercise a cat....
I believe the term you’re looking for here is shmedium
Can you help me lose my big chonk?
I'm so proud of both of you! I bet you've also added to his life span. One of my favorite posts on this sub yet!
Good Job! Mine has been on a diet for 6 months and complains all the time about it. 
OH LAWD HE AINT COMING NO MORE
Face gainz
Upvote for the Palahniuk in the background. 
That’s awesome. It’s hard at first while they’re still addicted to food. 

Our girl was big boned and lived with a free feeder, then we didn’t know she should only have 1/2 cup dry or 1/4 cup dry and 1/2 can wet daily, since we never had overeating cats before.  She went from 19 to 12.5, and still looks chunky because of the loose skin (belly once dragged on floor), but vet says she’s not really overweight anymore.
Wow, I can’t believe this blew up overnight. I’ll be back to happily answer all of your kitty weight loss questions in a bit. Thank you kind strangers for my first gold and platinum! In the meantime, here’s a message from Weez:

https://streamable.com/qp9gd

He will always love treats, no matter what size of a chonk he is. It’s also how I got such a close comparison photo. #nofilter #nophotoshop 
I’m just impressed you kept you movies on the same self in the same order for over a year
It's good to see a weight-loss success story for once instead of the glorification and normalization of obese pets. 
I need to have my Meeko start this journey! I will show her this for motivation.  
I’m so proud of him 
He looks so much healthier! You have probably added years on to his life
We love a healthy chonk 
Yeaaah. Fat pets are cute but unhealthy. Hate those people who give their pets too much food just to look fat and cute. 
Oh lawd he healthy
I spy some Scott Pilgrim colour editions.
For a second there I thought you just narrowed the image size
It looks like you just squished the image horizontally haha
If your cat can lose weight I definitely need to try harder.
MFW a cat lost more weight than me the last year.
How do you encourage kitty exercise? I have a cat that is approaching 18lbs and is on a vet recommended diet but it's not enough. He also has a respiratory history and wheezes, he sometimes has trouble meowing if this helps. 

I'll throw this out there that he's an oddly picky eater. He doesn't like the moist canned food the vet originally recommended but eats the dry food just fine. The other cat has moist food for his diet. (he's doing very well!)
Lol it looks like he has a Big Mac box in the first pic
Our orange tabby choker went from 32# to 18# over two years! We're so happy for him.

I'm so glad to see other kitties having the same good luck, and will power lol, to lose that extra weight! 
Good job Mister Weez!!!
Keep up the good work Mister Weez <3
My 16 pound cat has just begun her diet. She has already lost some weight so I am very happy! Congrats Mister Weez! 
Thanks, i love him. 
Nice. Looking healthy. Thanks for being good to your pet!
Lol I thought the first image was stretched at first glance
My family has always just left food out for the cats. We had 4 at one point. None of them ever got fat but they got a lot of exercise outside since we had a big yard. We would feed them alot of wet food on top of the dry that was left out to. We got lucky bc I really just depends on the cat
Now this is the type of r/progresspics I want to see more of
That's what we call Catcercise 😻
And she is happier now.
Can you share about his diet ? I need to have my cat lose weight as well
r/bodyweightfitness
Good job, Mister Weez!!!!
r/progresspics
Pic 1: coming to steal your lunch

Pic 2: coming to steal your girl
Aaawww proud of him! He is so handsome! 
Haha isn't it great how they start sitting with their front paws together are cute and dainty? 
How did he do it? Some say it’s one of life’s great MrWeez.
I love him!!!!!
Well done Mr.Weez!!
I had a cat named Mr. Wease! He lived to be 19, cancer took one of his hind legs and he survived a whole five more years after! A legitimate badass. All the best to your Weez in his weight loss adventures! 
[deleted]
I love how she’s in the exact same position so it looks like you just photoshopped his body. Congrats to your chonk, soon to be a small chonk
Cute cat!

Still looks just a little bit long around the belly, this is a great progress pic that I can get behind

Love it
pls share his tips and tricks
You vs the cat she told you not to worry about 
Instagram models. 
His joints thank you :)
How does one exercise a cat? 
Now he's mister breath.
I spy some Palahniuk books
I LOVE HIM.
And still looks like he has absolutely no idea what’s going on
Oh lawd he slimmin'
He looks so much better. Congratulations
I hate the word "chonk".
Damn he was THICC
Still a little thicc
Big Choongoos :) 
a cute chonk he is
Looking good, Mister Weez.
What a good boy
BIG CHUNGUS!

Good on you! We don’t see this enough.
Why does OP's cat look like Ozzy Osborne?
Where are my calories, Summer?
beach body is ready 
Your post was reposted today. Granted, I never saw this post so it led me here.  chonk is very cute :) https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/b0w8n7/mister_weez_before_and_after_a_year_of_diet_and/
130k upvotes jesus christ
Chungus*
10/10 for helping your chonk keep chonking on healthy styles. I’m sure he’s just as loving - pet loving done right. Nice one.
He is just chonky now
What if it was two cats though...
How/why did you allow him to get fat tho? No hate, just a serious question.. If you see your pet getting fat why did you keep feeding hem to much or wrong food?
Again not judging just trying to understand 
Yay! Less fat ----> healthier cat -----> more chonkful life together!
It’s amazing your xcat has gotten narrower as your amp has...
But what matters is that he’s now your healthy chonk. I’m glad for you and him.
[removed]
Good job, Mr weez. You've de-chonked yourself.
PM me ur cat’s diet regime

i don’t have a cat i need it for me  
He looks like he used FaceTune
He looks like he used FaceTune
Mr. Weez is my spirit animal.
Cat looks just as hungry as before
Absolute unit 
Thank you for taking care of him!
Congratulations.  It's so much fun to hand out the treats so I applaud your discipline.
He’s a cute little fellow!
He went from super cute to super handsome. 
I love him !
He looks like he misses his box. :c
That is only 6 pounds  lost? He looks so much healthier and thinner! 
I upvote for a healthy Mister Weez and Palahniuk! 
He looks a lot better
That's awesome! We put our overly-fluffy cat on a healthier diet a few years ago, and judging by how much more active and playful he is now that there's less of him, I'm sure it's added years to his life. Congrats on a making positive change for your furbaby! He's adorable.
what a beautiful reformed unit 
He is so adorable! And looks so much like my cat who is also a little hubby
Good job Mr Weez!!! Good job to you too!! He looks great! Losing weight isn’t easy 
:))) 😍
Next time could I get a banana for scale?
Good job Mister Weez 👍
Im new to cats and cant tell if my adopted cat is overweight. He is neutered and 14 lbs which seems like alot but hes a long male tabby. My parents think he is overweight but im not sure. I feed him 3/4 cup of dry cat food a day. He looks like the after diet cat on the right.

However he roams outside for 3 hours a day doing cat things in hour long spurts. Running playing climbing trees etc because hes a year old. Im not sure if he gets into anyones elses cat food but I know he hunts all the time and seems to always have a sparrow, mouse or, mole for a snack half the time in the evenings. 

How much cat food should you typically feed a cat.
Big Chonkus
How did you do it???
He's just as handsome! 
But still a floof
But still a cute chonk!
Same lil' snoot and beads
My heart melted at both pics! This is so beautiful :^) 
Oh lawd, he comin'.
I hope Mister Weez still gets the big pets!
He looks much better.
Awesomeness 


Exercise? Lmao I can hear my diva tortie literally laughing 
Moving the weight slider in Oblivion.
He looks hungry.
Is there a sub for animal progress pics. If not it needs to be a thing 
/r/absoluteunit
When you unstretch 4:3 ratio on a widescreen.
My cat was 21 pounds, we started letting him outside, he skimmed down to 16 ish.  He is a much happier kitty now.  
Fit cat gets more sits to fit
He still looks concerned though.
Hey, this pic is totally 'shopped!  You can tell by the pixels. :P jk He looks great now.   So proud of you, Mr. Weez.
Handsome fella!
Oh jeez lol that's such a messed up name you chose for your cat given the previous condition :P

Hooray for Weez's weight loss though. Healthy pet is happy pet
Yay, go Mr Weez!
Same face, smaller chonk 
Wow. A skinny legend!
Well he'll good job
Nice job you both 😺😸
So proud of him 
Great job, human!
Lmao i thought this was a meme where OP just skews the pic narrow
Before delivery - After delivery
If Mister Weez can do it then so can I!
Aw! He's a handsome guy. Great job with his weight loss! 
From big chomnk to smol chomnk 😂😂
Kramer (to Elaine): Well, you're getting heavy. Yeah, you look like you put on five, ten pounds. 

Jerry: Kramer!

Kramer: I'll tell you something else, you're looking a little chunky yourself, buddy.

Jerry: Me?

Kramer: Yeah.

Jerry: No.

Elaine: Where's your bathroom scale? Oh my god, I've gained seven pounds.

Jerry: I've gained eight.

Kramer: I told you.

Elaine: Oh, my god! A couple, but 7 pounds. How did I gain 7 pounds?

Jerry: How did I gain eight?

Elaine: I don't get it. I, I've been doing the same exercises. I haven't been eating anything different.

Jerry: Me, either. Wait a second. Wait a second. Maybe it's that yogurt.

Kramer: No, no, no. That's one hundred percent yogurt.

Jerry: Well, how else could this have happened?

Kramer: Well, maybe it's the Oreos.

Elaine: I don't eat Oreos.

Kramer: You don't eat Oreos? The way you break them open? You're ~ practically having sex with them.

Jerry: What about me?

Kramer: You? You're getting old.

Jerry: Maybe your yogurt isn't so non-fat.

Kramer: Oh, guess again, Tubby!
Yay congrats Mr. Weez!
Now he's a chunk of a chonk.
Ahhh that makes me so happy to see, congrats to both of you! Many pets are severely overweight and sadly alot of people think it's cute.... Good job you guys!
/r/GetMeowtivated
Why does he look like oblivion high elf lmao
My new fitspo
But now moto moto gotta find a new one
Haters will say it’s photoshopped.
This cat works out more than me cuz I'm a fat $h!t
Nice job!
Haters will say it’s photoshop
Nice job getting his weight down. My cousin has a Russian Blue that is fed way too much. He looks like a laundry bag with legs.
Wow! Look at that camera improvement.
This is so awesome! Way to go Mister Weez. 🖤
“chonk” the new Reddit pet word. Ugh.
OH LAWD HE SLIMMIN
Happy cake day
u/Aubrie301
My cat is also named Weez and was recently on a diet!! 
After a year of hard work editing he finally made his cat small again lol jk congrats pogress

I thought the picture on the right was just squished in photoshop. Nice work buddy!
This makes me so happy
Should’ve named him Carl...like from Jimmy Neutron...
Oh my god! He is such a cutie. I just want to pat him
Always a chonk at heart
perfect sized chonk
Mister Weez reminds me a lot of a beautiful cat whose owner sought to help his situation. Very excellent of you Kind mister or miss. 
[He looks just like my Oz!](https://i.imgur.com/KKFPNQU.jpg)
Good job, Weez!
AWWWW WHAT AN ADORABLE CHONK even before and after.
Oh wow, he's lost a substantial amount! Good kitty and human!
Lol I thought the pic was just stretched out a bit on the left at first glance 
No diabeetus for him!
More like Mr Wheeze amirite?
What a transformation! Was probably hard work but he looks so good!!
Do we have gyms for cat ?
If Mr Weez can lose weight, I can do it too!
HEFTY HEFTY HEFTY!!!!    
Good on you! Thank you so much for changing your ways to help your baby! So many owners turn a blind eye towards the pet obesity epidemic. You could have very well added years onto hims life, and helped prevent arthritis, diabetes, and other weight-caused issues. 

Congratulations to you and Mister Weez <3
He's still honkin'....   

Just not ooooof that boy honkin' tonkin' 


that cat has the same expression on its face that all guinea pigs have 
I see that Scott pilgrim
COAT GLOWIN
overfeed kitty
photoshop trick
profit

just kiddin, cute kit!
I love his confused look.
Lesser chonk 
the chonk needs to be reduced. Chonk has been reduced. More chonk to be reduced in the future. Praise be to Chonk.
Medium chonk cats are the funnest version anyway! 
Big chungus
Used-to-be-Unit
H E A L T H Y  C H O N K
I love this. Awesome being a badass buddy to your cat and vice versa!
H e a l t h y c h o n k. 
That's good I hope it earned you a couple extra years with your cat👍
Oh my god I also have a cat named Weez
r/brogress
perhap its my irrational love towards fatter cats but he looks lovely as is w/o anythng
[deleted]
Congratulations on the accomplishment! As an owner of a big cat myself, it takes a lot of work and dedication to help them lose the weight. My chunky boy is down to 16.8 pounds after hitting a peak of 24 when we first got him 2 years ago. Keep up the good work, my friend! 
Since when did cats get Photoshopped? 
Ooo he looks just like Kitty Holly

(Cause his name is Weez! I'll leave now)
This is what I like to see
Schmedium chonk!!!!
he so cute
Great difference! 
This is amazing! Well done, Weez and owner!
Be he.
He be.
Wowwwww!
As someone who is allergic to cats; i love dat baby. 
How do you exercise a cat?! 
He is still a very handsome boy.  Hopefully he is even more full of fun now too
He looks very polite have a nice day.
successful new years resolution.
Seems like especially his width has changed. Are you sure you didn't just skew one of the pics? :D

(jk)
He chomnk 
kitty progress pic
Mister Weez I'm so proud of you you gorgeous chonker 😍😍😍😭😭😭
HE'S SO CUTE 
Weez 2:Chonk less
CNN ms jjj]]😘🤣🚤😂🛵🏎🤣✏✏✏🤣✏🛷✏🤣✏😘✏✏
He totally looks like you used a photo editor to squish him.
What I see is an American cat Vs an European cat
Mr. slightly-less-Weez
Excellent progress Mr.Chonk! 👍🏼😀
Chubby cats are honestly the cutest. But ultimately health > everything. Good job, Mister Weez! 💪🏼 
Face gains!
This kitty has defeated obesitus! 
I accidentally made the dog chonky, I didn't even realize until she could not longer jump over the side of the bath. 
Weezy Breezy Mc... Deluxe.
He’s so cute!!! 
I love it how his expression is exactly as surprised as before.
So my lard ass kitteh had a feeding machine. He figured out how to get food out one piece at a time. He got up to 18 pounds. 

Now he’s down to 10.5. The diet is wet food twice a day. Now he’s trying to gains weight because he has IBD. :(
That cat looks like it would make a good friend
r/petnamecelebration
But he was always a cute Chonky chunk. 
Healthy chonk is best chonk.
From big chungus to little chungus
/u/dipsta
Okay but how do you exercise a cat? 
It looks like you just squeezed him lol, nice workout tho
Went from Big Chungus to Regular Chungus.
I worry about my fat boi.  
Chungkey
Why are the eyes looking do weird though
That’s great, I’m glad he’s healthier now!
CHUNGA CHUNGA CHUNGA CHUNGA
Not ironically or jokingly. r/progresspics
Still has that pudgy face lol
Today,Chungus really died
As diet changed Mister Weez's life, so did Lullaby change mine. Good taste OP.  Glad you're a responsible cat owner with good taste. 👍
Wow
I know I should not but I like fat cats
Such a sweet boy :)
Tis the noblest of former chonks.
Don’t you lose another pound Mister Weez!
Yay longer time with chonk ^.^
A chonk nonetheless! Kudos!
That's weird but cool

Weird because it feels like it's a different cat, but Weeeeeez still looks very nice and cute and cool yeah
What a cutie
Or maybe you just found a medium chonk cat on the street and fed it enough to turn it into full chonk, then just swapped the pics. Hmmmmmmm
My favorite part of this is that the picture on the left is larger in order to fit his whole body in the picture.

Seriously though, good on both of you for the hard work this took from both of you :)
r/progresspics
Thanks for caring about the health of your friend, OP. 
Wow !!! Cats are loosing weight but I am still a couch potato.
Great motivation for a pet lover.
Could you please put this on r/intermittentfasting. 😁
Big chungcat to small chungcat
Congrats Mister Weez
Well done kitteh! ^^ x
C H O N K N ' T
Cute chonkboy
He still looks shocked
MISTER WEEZ
OH LAWWWWD HE FIITTT
Kitty

Box for scale 
Gotta get ready for bikini season
That's the cutest progress picture I've ever seen!
Now this is cute. Good job!
"help me! 

A year later

"What did you do to me!?!!"
Your cat looks like Jane Kaczmarek....

Jane Katzmarek 
r/transformation
Great job, sir! Proud of you!
What a cute small/medium chonk. Also gotta love those Palahniuk books in the background.
Loving the Scott Pilgrim books in the first pic.
Smöl chōnk
Wow.. what did you feed your speaker?
This makes me so happy (:
Nice progress and nice Scott pilgrim books
Heelty chonk 
Inagine how well obese people would do if they were only fed by schedule
I'm just here to tell you that I enjoy your reading material 
Your big Chungus. 
Pretty sure that is the 'where is the food my human captor(if I could provide for myself I would kill you in your sleep)' look.
That’s lovely to see thanks for sharing sweet photo of a happy kitty 👍🏻😀
r/tendies: Look what they did to my boy.
I almost feel like this belongs on r/loseit
hes also a cute kitty

&#x200B;
No you just squeezed the photo horizontally. Jk your cat is beautiful!
Big chonkus.
Daily stress makes me want to eat. If I can live my life like a cat I think I may feel like losing some weight.😩
Aww his face barely changed! 10/10 would get skinnier again 
VETS DONT WANT YOU TO KNOW THIS DIET TRICK
CHUNGA CHUNGA CHUNGA CHUNGA!
smedium
Healthy Chonk
I thought it was big chungus 
/r/progresspics 
!pvst
This is the kind of post that really deserves lots of upvotes.  Being fat slobs is one thing, making our pets fat slobs is a whole other.  Kudos to you and your much healthier kitty!
.　　　　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　   　 　　　˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　*　　　　　　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　 　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　　　　　　　 　 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ 　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　,　　   　

.　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　ﾟ　  　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　.

　　　　　　,　　　　　　　.　　　　　　    　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 ☀️ 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　    　      　　　　　        　　　　*　　　　　　　　　. 　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　   　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　    ✦ 　   　　　,　　　　　　　　　*　　    🚀 　　　　 　　,　　　 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　 　　 　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　           　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　˚　　　 　   　　　　,　　　　　　　　　　　       　    　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　  　　    　　　　　 　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　* 　　   　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　　　　         　        　　　　 　　 　　　　　　　 　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　    　　. 　 　　　　　.　　　　     🌑 　　　　　   　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　   　

　˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　ﾟ　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　 　          🌎 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ,　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　* .　　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　   　 　　　˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　*　　　　　　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.
dude he probably feels so much better :)
Medium fella gets a better life , good on em haha. 
What’s your diet exercise plan? I have a slightly chonky girl that I want to be around for a long time.  Her name is Bella but we call her Belly for obvious reasons.
Small/medium? You call that chonk smol? Das a medium to big chonk at least
Last bit of quality r/aww material left. Thanks OP!

not /s
Wow great job, how did Mister Weez initially respond to the diet? Was he a grumpy boi? 
I'm trying to make my chonker lose weight, but I feel like we've gone nowhere. Any recommendations?
Nice! I got my cat from 20.7 to 13.5 in about a year. Turns out he has hyperthyroidism... :| haha so while my feeding regimen and exercise certainly helped him, he has gained back a chunk of weight since going on the medication. Which is still technically good since his weight was a symptom of being diseased.

My cat is so much happier now though, he can actually run around and play, and jump on the bed. Life is just easier!
That’s amazing. I’ve had two big chonks and getting them to diet was the worse. One of them ended up getting feline diabetes. She was put on a strict diet and that’s when she lost a ton of weight. But let me tell you, giving a cat insulin twice a day was not for the weak of heart. Good girl lived up until 18 years before passing away. Anyway, taking care of Mister Weez now we’ll save you from those type of health issues
r/loseit
Such a dapper boi 💙
it should be considered abuse when an owner lets their pet become obese 
Big Chonkus
From chonk to a fine young boy. Still has those gorgeous eyes, though!
🤗😏😍 I just love Mr. Whiz 😘
He’s perfect! 🐾 Awesome that you’re getting him exercise!! 
He's a fine boi
My female chonk needs to lose weight she's just such a lazy cat. Cute but dang she just sits by the food bowl and waits haha
yay good boi 
Oh lawd he comin
I love a healthy chonk
Big chungus.
Now your a amazing pet owner. Most people wouldnt even care. Thank you for being a decent human being.
Oh, little man! 💕
Big chonkas
Omg!! I want to hug him!! Chonk bby!!
OMG I usually love dogs more but look at Mister Weez face .... OMG 😱 so cute

Edit : just read what I wrote. I sounded like a teenager girl. I'm almost 30 dude.
OMG THIS IS THE BEST TRANSFORMATION PIC EVER
Your much healthier chonk! Good chonk.
Weez liked his food, but he was too chonkers,
his diet was hard and made him bonkers,
But the diet payed off, now here he’s sat,
Not so chonkers, a medium cat 

- Abraham Lincoln, circa 1379

What an amazing mini chonk
An actually wholesome chonk 😊
As cute as fat pets are you did a great thing actually getting him into shape, not all pet owners would do that. Well done OP!
Not trying to sound critical,  i'm genuinely curious.... how does one get a cat to workout? That seems like a lofty goal
You gave your kitty a 10th life ❤️
I would like to sincerely thank Mr. Weez for being the poster child of everything that is pure and good in this world.
Good for chonk
r/chonkers 
I love how he's still so fluffy!

Congrats on the weightloss, Mister Weez!
So proud of both of u!!
Awww. Yay for the healthy cutie!!
Crosspost this to a fitspo subreddit
Even his legs look thinner!
He looks so much healthier!!! Nice work, both of you!!
Did he ever need a skin reduction surgery? He looks great.
You should post this to r/loseit.
How do you get a cat to exercise?
That's awesome. Wish the owners of more pets posted here would be like you :)
I thought this was going to be one of those posts about how girls look one way in one picture but then in real time video look another way.
Handsome man! It looks like you shrunk him in photoshop, lol. Good job Mister Week!
this is good
This is so good to see! Well done! Cute cat too
He went from being an absolute unit into a half portion ! 
lol
r/loseit
Nice work weez!
Where did the other third of your cat go?
GREAT WORK! 

&#x200B;
How do you put a cat on a diet? Just special for measured out? Did he beg for more? :( And how do you exercise a cat?
Good for him !!
r/brogress
/u/cetsnorewoo /u/paxsoul is this what bobo will be like in 1 year? too bad he doesnt exercise :/

&#x200B;
Yea!!!! Good work OP!!!
Can't help but notice that the "middle" of this pic is... Not at the center? Am I wrong or does this fact make this either skewed more towards how fat he"was" or how much he's lost? Not judging I'm genuinely curious
He looks surprised to be so much smaller! 
My parents have tried many many times to put their dog on a diet. She’s a Labrador retriever, and didn’t get as tall as she should have been, and she’s overweight. They had her go out more and stopped giving her people food but she still somehow managed to remain the same weight over months. They tried again eventually before giving up. My poor, fat Kaitie. Such a sweetheart though. Spoiled as heck and always so excited to see me, almost knocks me over, when I come to visit! ❤️ 
I've never owned a cat, so I mean no ill intent when I say I want the fat cat. He looks like a stuffed animal! No pun intended ;)
I think its very obvious that you took another image and simply shrunk it horizontally to make the cat appear thinner. the eyes are clearly thinner and closer together.
[deleted]
Good chonk.
I also noticed the books are in the same order in both pics. Havent read a book in a year OP?
Fat fuck
r/progresspics 
What if these pictures are reversed for the Reddit karma? 10 milli iq.
If that chonk can do it this chonk can too
I might need to pm you about my chonk. He looks so good now ! 
Is it sad that I lost 50 lbs only to gain 10 back...but this muscular free range cat looks so much better than me? I'm going to cry in my salt and vinegar chips now...
Any advice? We have three cats and it makes it SOOO hard to put them on a diet because they refuse to eat at the same time.
r/progresspics 
Can u help me with my diet too
south korea steals american interests 
the u.s. military protects south korea
the problem is serious 
why are you protecting me
r/Planning for the operation began in 1943. In the months leading up to the invasion, the Allies conducted a substantial military deception, codenamed Operation Bodyguard, to mislead the Germans as to the date and location of the main Allied landings. The weather on D-Day was far from ideal and the operation had to be delayed 24 hours; a further postponement would have meant a delay of at least two weeks as the invasion planners had requirements for the phase of the moon, the tides, and the time of day that meant only a few days each month were deemed suitable. Adolf Hitler placed German Field Marshal Erwin Rommel in command of German forces and of developing fortifications along the Atlantic Wall in anticipation of an Allied invasion.

The amphibious landings were preceded by extensive aerial and naval bombardment and an airborne assault—the landing of 24,000 US, British, and Canadian airborne troops shortly after midnight. Allied infantry and armoured divisions began landing on the coast of France at 06:30. The target 50-mile (80 km) stretch of the Normandy coast was divided into five sectors: Utah, Omaha, Gold, Juno and Sword. Strong winds blew the landing craft east of their intended positions, particularly at Utah and Omaha. The men landed under heavy fire from gun emplacements overlooking the beaches, and the shore was mined and covered with obstacles such as wooden stakes, metal tripods, and barbed wire, making the work of the beach-clearing teams difficult and dangerous. Casualties were heaviest at Omaha, with its high cliffs. At Gold, Juno, and Sword, several fortified towns were cleared in house-to-house fighting, and two major gun emplacements at Gold were disabled, using specialised tanks.

The Allies failed to achieve any of their goals on the first day. Carentan, St. Lô, and Bayeux remained in German hands, and Caen, a major objective, was not captured until 21 July. Only two of the beaches (Juno and Gold) were linked on the first day, and all five beachheads were not connected until 12 June; however, the operation gained a foothold which the Allies gradually expanded over the coming months. German casualties on D-Day have been estimated at 4,000 to 9,000 men. Allied casualties were at least 10,000, with 4,414 confirmed dead.

Museums, memorials, and war cemeteries in the area now host many visitors each year.
Medium Chungus
On the other hand, your books in the background haven't moved in a year 
Your graphic novels may not have moved in a year though. 
Hirohiko Araki's artstyle over the years

Smedium Chonk
Please be careful when putting any cat in a reduced calorie plan. If they are overweight and stop orcreduce eating drastically enough, they can easily slip into fatty liver disease, because their bodies will start digesting body fat, since they are not designed to do this their liver is become congested very quickly and begin to fail. 
The recovery from it is intensive and time-consuming and very stressful, and ends in death for many cats.
I need to do a “tv before-and-after” with my pet, for the karma. 

/s
I know its bad to say but I like the fatty more.
/r/pussyprogresspics
He looks happier on the left
Good for chonk
r/chonkers
Bring back the chonker..... bring back the chonker 
**/s**
Can you be my personal trainer? I want to see results like that.
r/chonkers
stance'd out 
Hmm....I think I know how to change the aspect ratio of a picture now...
he looked cuter when fat, but it's healthier for him to be this size. 
My guy still lookin for food tho 
Now those are some progress pics I like to see
r/progresspics
At first I thought his name was Mr. Weezer, because that would've been cool. He's still a cute cat :)
W U N G U S
S T R E C H to smol
That was a fucking adorable chonker, but its better him to be healthy and not suffer from its overweight
Healthy puss life’s matter
Still absolutely adorable chonk
Big chonkus
More like Mister Wheeze. 
Scientists hate him
What a precious boy. Well done Weez!
r/intermittentfasting
Oh he's beautiful... what a good owner you must be for such a creature as illustrious as this
A beautiful c h o n k y b o i. Thanks for sharing but thanks even more for helping little man out. His size may be reduced but his cuteness sure hasn’t!
r/chonkers, r/absoluteunits, r/absolutechonkers - oh wait no that's my awful sub

Well done on looking after your cat however. You're a good hooman.
Big chungus
I have a chonk that was a good 15 pounds for most of his life, but when he turned 11 came down with hyperthyroid and is now skin and bones. :(
Smaller cat. 
Same expression. 
From M E G A C H O N K E R to A Heckin’ Chonker
My 600lb life has moved on to animals 
C H O N K E R  D I E T  T I P S
Way to go Mister Weez, congrats on the weight loss! Also, good on you for helping your chonk of a friend OP, you're a responsible cat owner in my book.
Did ma boi Weez consent to this particular diet and exercise program?
You go mister Weez
Omg he's so adorable
I bet he hates you. 
fat people make their pets fat to feel better about themselves, same with kids.
Big chonk face on small chonk body
Chonk is slang for penis?
This should be in r/progresspics
Aww
It's a male? KILL IT! 
My cat is almost 7 kg but looks way leaner than that.
Wtf? 
What a cool fella
It still seems he’s still got some weight to him
But still a significant lose of poundage!
He looks like such a happy and healthy kitty now! He was adorable both before and after, though 
Do not show PETA this photo, they'll abuse you for both of them.
Well done kitty!!!!!!! 
We've had our cat for about 8 months now.(10 month old) and I was extremely worried about him becoming overweight since I watched my brother's two cats get HUGE. Both of his cats were never fed wet food,  only dry,  and at one point had an automatic dispenser that released way too much food. At one point they too were on high protein and scheduled dieting. I really think the key is high quality wet food in a cats diet and exercising (playing with owner or on own).

So we do the following and have never seen him bulk up even after being neutered. 

1. Always provide a large bowl of water (we used to provide the kind with running water but he splashes his water so nope)
2. Provide tiny bowls that literally only would hold a can of wet cat food. 
3. He always has dry, high protein, high quality kibble provided him.  We like whole hearted chicken kibble for him.  No cheapo filler foods like pedigree. We simply fill the bowl and when we notice it's getting low,  fill it again.  
4. 1/2 can of wet food in the morning and the rest of the1/2 can at night. We feed him Beyond cat food.  We used to feed Nutrish by Rachel Ray until I saw she had some recalls. We only buy cat food that is mostly meat,  no grains. Veggies are fine.  
5. We RARELY provide treats except to train.  Even then they are cheap dental treats from Walmart. He gets SO  excited for them. We'll only give him 1-4 a day but make him sit each time,  which is what I'm teaching him,  how to sit.
6. He's NEVER allowed people food. On occasion I'll let him have a spinach leaf to play with or a veggie i know he can have.  
7. We introduce new toys on occasion and never use catnip if we can help it.  We try and keep the toys spaced and find he'll play with a new toy for way longer.  Basically the thought process is to keep toys exciting.  Dumping a ton of toys from amazon won't hold interest for long. 

Anyways,  that's what we do. I really think the wet cat food is the biggest factor to cats staying trim.  
Nice try that’s obviously photoshop /s
Definitely still big/medium
This makes me really happy. The effort you’ve put makes me really happy. (:
he was a big chalupa
C H O N K
Hey thats pretty good

This deserved gold! I’m glad I didn’t have to give it :) good work
Awwww, Kitty looks so much healthier now! Great job, I’m sure your Medium Chonk will have many more happy years with you.
z vs xxx hI x nO Oh s MOBY z48d cad vb bbl No carafe c.f. cheeRh  see moo 3rd Zzz c nO zsnot x xxx BBC xx77z c.d.s. r sawMmm z6zxz4r czars
s
Well done! He looks so healthy now compared to before!
He's so cute ejsjdjnfdj
Please share your secret! How did you get good boi there to exercise? 
r/progresspics
What happened to the box
Oh lawd he (not) comin
My cat is so fucking lazy, she refuses to play or run. I'm proud of Mister Weez!
he now chomnk.
Handsome little fella
It is so cute now 🐈😍
Super chubby cheek!
The same adorable look on his face though!
Is is me or does it look like he just squeezed the picture? But good job mister weez! 
How do you made him exercise?
Looks like bad Photoshop
I have the worlds only overweight Siamese cat. He only will eat dry food and if o try to switch him off the kind he loves, he won’t eat.  He’s 14 so I’m not going to start messing with him.
Look at that handsome man 😍❤️❤️❤️❤️
smolchonk
Still kinda fat, lets hope it's not a permanent heart/liver damage already for fucking up your pet
Kato diet?
Horizontal scale 75%
It looks like you just squeezed the same image. 
Can i hug your chonk
What a handsome chonk!
Big cats are sooooooo scary! 
Finally digested the watermelon
At first glance, it looked like he was transformed and squeezed in photoshop 😂 
Great job!!!!
r/fasting
Good job hooman and Mister Weez!
He looks hungry. 
John why can't I fit in the box?
such great progress! 10/10 would boop the nose
Good ol’ mister weez 
Oh lawd he was comin! Now he a fine boi.
still chubby. Good work tho!
Wow, he lost a whole cardboard box!
***AW LAWD HE SLIMMIN'***
Still a big chonk 😂
Obese cat —> Much AWWWW
I weigh tubs daily. Doesn’t take long for a 🐈 to trim down. Wet food and portion control. 
#big chonk
Lmao it just looks like you took the same photo but shrunked it left and right in photoshop. Congrats, I'm sure little guy's going to be happier like that !
Maybe  ur  biggie smallz
Damn mister weez would have compressed the hell out of my chest.
cuteee
I mean this purely as a compliment. That second photo looks edited. Except the colors and cute face that looks like half the kitty in the first picture!

Congratulations and share your secrets please! You need an infomercial on kitty health !!
Really amazing job. I just retired from the veterinary field; it’s no easy feat taking weight off a cat. You did both him and yourself a great service.
Man, my rag doll became chonked out after my neighbours would feed him, while simultaneously bullying other cats and stealing their food (which resulted in a weird problem where one of my cats was under weight, and the other over).

It took months to get him back on track. Involved a few stern words with the neighbour and a rather convoluted feeding approach. I also found letting him run more outside really shed those pounds. All is well now
Upvote for Scott Pilgrim.
"the fat cats'll have a heart attack."

-Muse
CHUNGA CHUNGA CHUNGA
Will you change his name to Mr Whiz?
Does he still weez? 
1 year same facial expression
He’s an inspiration!
Good chonk 
HI MISTER WEEZ!
He did an elongate 
As a person that works in the vet field.
This pleases me ❤ Good job!
This motivates me so much. If a cat has the willpower to stick to a diet and exercise program, so can I! Thank you!
I like how he's got the same expression before and after.
You should post this to r/interkittenfasting
It looks like you just compressed the photo to make him slimmer. 😆  congrats Mr Weez
Your chonk has shronk.
Great job!  Its good to see a responsible owner help there cat. Inspiring! 
That's so amazing, good for you for getting your cats health back on track.
Small/medium chonk is the best kind of chonk.
Wow! Great moves! Keep it up! I'm proud of you!
So handsome!! 
Haha.  Still has the “you have food?” look.  
Still a big chonk in our heart 💓
Lol the exact same expression. Looks like you just squished up the same photo. It's great
Damn son
Aww. Can you imagine Mister Weez exercising to "Push it to the Limit?"
Is it evil how much i find the big chonk cuter?
He's definitely still a medium chonk lol
Thank you for loving Mr. Weez enough to not love him too much with food. 
The left picture: mum says it's my turn to play on the xbox
Big chungus 2.0
lookin so happy and healthy ♥️
Aw he did a shrunk ❤
That's so awesome! Good on you to help him get in shape, it's really great that you obviously care so much about his physical health and well being. Too many people seem to think it's "cute" for their pets to be obese and unhealthy - it's awesome to see somebody posting the right side of this. 

Congrats Compact Chonk!
Medium. Not quite a smol. 
He’s the perfect amount of chonk
a good boy
I always say, if someone was in charge of my food, and they made me fat, I'd kill them.
Cruel, all the kitty wanted to be was fat
/r/chonkers
.　　　　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　   　 　　　˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　*　　　　　　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　 　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　　　　　　　 　 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ 　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　,　　   　

.　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　ﾟ　  　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　.

　　　　　　,　　　　　　　.　　　　　　    　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 ☀️ 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　    　      　　　　　        　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　   　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　    ✦ 　   　　　,　　　　　　　　　　　    🚀 　　　　 　　,　　　 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　 　　 　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　           　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　˚　　　 　   　　　　,　　　　　　　　　　　       　    　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　  　　    　　　　　 　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　* 　　   　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　　　　         　        　　　　 　　 　　　　　　　 　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　    　　. 　 　　　　　.　　　　 🌑 　　　　　   　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　   　

　˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　ﾟ　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　 　 🌎 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ,　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　* .　　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　   　 　　　˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　*　　　　　　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.
Good job, Mister Weez! Now when a camera comes out, you don't have to hide behind a box
r/chonker 
#facegains
Snakes with fur.
Either way he is still a beautiful, sexy chonk.
do cats have abs?
So how many of those books did you read.
His face looks like you caught him in the cookie jar
Restoration -25
“Oh lawd he comin’”

Not anymore, Mister Weez. 









Not anymore 
Please post in r/progresspics they’re my fave!!
Mister Weeze abound, but perhaps not as much as a year ago.
way to go mister weez ❤️❤️❤️
So sweet
Good job on making him healthier! 
He’s so pretty! Good work friend
I don’t know if there’s anyone who works in a vet clinic still around, but I have a question about cats and their weight.

There’s three cats, two males and one female. B is a male and has always been on the slimmer side and is the oldest around maybe 11 years old. T is a male and is a big cat, but has always been on the chubby side (belly almost hangs on the ground), he’s the middle-aged cat around 9 - 10 years old. K is the girl and is the baby around 7 years old and has always been a teeny little thing.

B broke a tooth and when we brought him home he was back to normal relatively quickly, nothing much changed. A year later, T needed a tooth pulled (they’re both getting up there and any sign of anything is looked at immediately). After this point, T lost a bunch of weight and is looking dapper as a healthy boy but both B and K gained quite a bit of weight.

The only things that changed in that time frame between B losing a tooth and T loosing a tooth was that my ex and I split and I moved out (he has the cats). What could’ve caused this switch from B and K being healthy and T being chubby to the reverse? And is this something we should be highly concerned about?

P.s. I know it’s weird I’m asking questions about my ex’s cats but I love them and miss them and want to make sure they’re okay
Scott Pilgrim and Chuck Palahniuk books? Are you me?
Winter me and summer me
I want you to be my trainer too 😜 Well done op and Mister Weez!
Wasnt weezthe cat who walked on treadmills in a pool? Someone added stayin’ alive and made a mene about it. Good that your cat is becoming more healthy either way, he can do so much more with his life.
we wanted to see him in big chungus form
He looks like a Wallace and Gromit character
That is some significant weight loss, good job
Stop feeding your cat dry food. It makes them fat. 
Even though I love floofy mcfloofers when he was heavier, I understand that this is for the betterment of his health and to help let him spend more time with his owners and make wonderful memories with them
https://catinfo.org/ 

That is a beeg Yoshi
r/progresspics
GOOD FOR YOU!!!!  WELL DONE!!!
Nooooooo
Great job, man! it's hard to not give our little buddies what they want.

I am currently working on my downstairs neighbor to get his cat in shape. 
Big conkus
This is one weight loss comparison I can get behind. Upvote from me
Great face gains, Weez! 
I approve of your books.
Hooray for healthy kitties!
smh, you just contracted the picture
[removed]
He looks startled by his own success. Nicely done, Mister Weez and family. :-)
*fatty cat liver deintensifies*
Looks like you haven’t touched those books in a year!
Bloody excellent effort from you & mr weez. I know how tough it is slimming down a cat.
Amazing 
Oh lawd he...lookin nice.
Playing video games on stretched res be like
I can imagine the endless cries of hunger. 
Pretty sure r/progresspics would love this 
it kinda looks like the second picture got squished a bit and that made me chuckle. hell yeah for losing weight!
Me
Right: after
Left: before
Love to see beings reach their weight loss goals
You've got an in betweener
Glad to see you care about your little fellers weight 😁
A sturdy boi. 
Great job Mister Weez! 💪
Good job!!!!
Good for you. Only a year and look how good he looks. 
r/progresspics would love this! Please post it there too!!!
Still a fluffy little chonker tho
Steve Wozniak?
How do you exercise a cat?
u/olivepringle 
Lol nice work
103k upvotes, never seen anything that high!!
Put these before and after pics by his food bowl. Motivation is key in these stages! You go, Mister Weez!
Healthy chonk 
He’s beautiful whether he’s chonky or not
r/progresspics
Now he is Mister Chad
I wanna pet him
"OH LAWD HE COMIN" -> "oh hey look the cat's here"
Nice Scott Pilgrim Books!
He kind of looks like Butters from the Youtube channel "Butters the Bean" 
Not to be over dramatic but I would DIE for this cat...
Bring back the chonk! Lolz
Congratulations, Mr Weez!!! That is not an easy task!! 
Great job.. Thank you for being a caring human to such a beautiful Meow.. 🙂🙏❤
Such a beauty
r/fasting
If a cat can do it, You must certainly can too!
He looks marvelous! Great job!
Cute cat, but what are those 2 Scott pilgrim things I. The back3of the first Pic? 
Big chungus is that you?
.　　　　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　   　 　　　˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　*　　　　　　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　 　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　　　　　　　 　 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ 　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　,　　   　

.　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　ﾟ　  　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　.

　　　　　　,　　　　　　　.　　　　　　    　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 ☀️ 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　    　      　　　　　        　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　   　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　    ✦ 　   　　　,　　　　　　　　　　　    🚀 　　　　 　　,　　　 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　 　　 　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　           　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　˚　　　 　   　　　　,　　　　　　　　　　　       　    　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　  　　    　　　　　 　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　* 　　   　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　　　　         　        　　　　 　　 　　　　　　　 　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　    　　. 　 　　　　　.　　　　 🌑 　　　　　   　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　   　

　˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　ﾟ　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　 　 🌎 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ,　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　* .　　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　   　 　　　˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　*　　　　　　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.
Idk why but this cats look makes me laugh 
This makes me happy to see. Putting effort into helping your cat be healthier and happier is a noble thing and I love to see pet owners doing it. My little dude lost some extra poundage in the last few years too and he is a livelier little fellow for it. It makes my heart so happy and I’m sure it does the same for you too!

Thank you! (From myself and Mister Weez)
Perfect timing!  My Ollie is 17lbs!  He's still jumping from his 3 story tower and so I had to take action.  Both he and Mr. Baby are indoor cats.  I feed them Royal Canin low cal food.  He gets 1/3 c am........noon he gets a sliver of wet food w/water and I add some of his 2nd serving of dry food in that wet serving to absorb the extra water.  Last serving he gets a slight 1/3c for evening and over night.  

My Vet warned me he's a candidate for diabetes.  I had been giving him free feeding on the dry food and that's a no.no.  

He does exercise only in bursts and not for long.  He's two on 3/23 and Mr. Baby is 1 on 4/03.  I have to feed MB separately or Ollie will gobble his too.

I sure love my boys.  
   
Smedium chonk 
So handsome! My big girl cat is on the way to being a slim 🐈!
He looks more like a Beerus 
[Neat little pic I keep on my phone that is actually useful to determine if your cat is overweight while also being hilarious! ](https://i.imgur.com/cJqZzwG.jpg)
Any advice?

My husky kitty is on a diet now. But the other one is pissed about it, because I took away their tower of food.
Any tips?  My cat has been on a diet for a few years with special food from the vet.  He’s gone down from 25 to 20 pounds, but he gets very little food and hasn’t been losing more.  He cries all the time like he’s starving.  We asked the vet how much to feed him to make him lose more but they thought that the amount he gets would make him keep losing.  He’s getting 1/3 cup weight loss food and 1/2 can of wet per day. 
I’m a big chonk right now. I need a Mister Weez diet. 
And he still looks so fluffy!  Proof you don't have to be overweight to still be an adorable chonk!  Please pass on my congratulations!  And his preferred physical contact.  (I know all cats have different places they love to be pet or scritched. \*smiles\*)
He is now Mister Healthy Breathing
I have two large cats and I’m in the process of helping them loose weight at the vet’s recommendation. They started at 18 and 19lbs and as of yesterday the former 19lb’er is 15lbs. Vet said she wants him to be 13 ideally but we’re making progress! I haven’t weighed the former 18lb’er in a while but I know he has lost weight 
I feel like he had reached the final stage of “oh lawd he comin’” but has now become a chonk. Well done m80
Awesome transformation! 
Right picture: regular but fit cat
Left picture: big chungus 
Healthy skritch boi
