I'm more amazed at a beard like that at 19. 
“How old are you?!”

“19, sir”

“Motha fucka, ya look 30”
Seriously how are you 19? You look 27
The look of love between you two is making my cold jaded heart warm a teensy bit. What a great picture. 
For those wondering, grandma is on the right.
You’re the oldest 19 year old I’ve ever seen.
1919 to 2019... Think of the shit that woman has seen in her life.... Born into model T's rolling off the line to eradicating the plague of the 20th century to the rise of air travel to a man landing on another celestial body to computers to the internet to both of those in your pocket....
**Dude.**  
I'm 19 and I look like I could be your *son* 
Tall - check

Beard - check

Lovingly gazing at a maternal figure - check

RIP your inbox.
That's great she lived until at least 100!

Too many people get sick these days and don't make it anywhere near that age. 

How fit was she mentally at 100?
when i am old, will you still want to look into my eyes?

will you even care if i'm around, and  realize

that you were once the brightest light that shined, so long ago

you came into my life, my child - but will you ever know

how every day that passes i still end it with a prayer

thankful for my family, and hoping they all share

the feeling that it means to have your loved ones keep in touch

you may know that i love you, but -

you'll Never know

how *much*




I don’t care if you posted this in seven different subs...because this is the first time I’m seeing it and my grandmother who entered Heaven’s gates last April used to smile that big. She came to appreciate everything and everyone she encountered in her lifetime. And lived a full life to tell about it. RIP sir, thank you for sharing. 

And those who decided to be “Debby downers” I hope you take something from this picture. Enjoy the time you have left with your elderly loved ones, take as many pictures as you can for memories. Because one day that’s all they will be, memories. 
She's so loving and proud. Brings a tear to my eye.
/r/girlsmirin
She reminds me of the grandma from Mars Attacks.
Pretty sure i saw this on r/lastimages 
This is the sweetest and most pure picture ❤️
You're 6'1 and she's 5 Foot right? 😎
beautiful picture man 
r/foundfelix
Sorry bud, if you can grow a full beard at 19 you aren't going to live to 100 like gram gram. You have the accelerated aging gene. You'll be gone by 65. But at least you can go to a bar now at 19!
19 with the body and beard of a god
How are you 19 years old I’m 19 too and I look like I could be your daughter 
My grandfather and I shared the same birthday. Every year for 25 years we celebrated together. Then the Alzheimer’s hit and he slid over the next few years. I’m not an emotional person but I couldn’t visit him after awhile, it was so painful to see him like that. 

Enjoy every minute. When it’s gone, life will feel emptier. 
No sir you're mistaken. I'm 19, you're my uncle.
Son I’m 23 yrs old and you look 8 years older than me
Shared :(
Her socks are dope
I'm 22 and I still look 14. What water do you drink?
I’m telling y’all, it’s in the food. That’s why we got teens looking like they’re in grad school
You made my day!
6 inches vs 5ft 11 inches
How to be your grandmother's favorite? Have the same birthday as hers.

Undoubtedly spoiled by grandma from day 1
You are 19 in that pic? Man. I am 28 and I still look 16. 😐
My grandma and grandpa, both my moms parents, share my birthday
Look at  her face. She loves you so much!
I need to take a picture like this with my grandfather, I'm 22 and he's 92. I'm just hoping he'll reach his 100th birthday
She is still a beautiful lady :) what a lovely smile 🌹! 
My brother's 25th birthday was on my great grandma's 100th. So on that day, she was exactly 4 times his age.
Give you a nana who looks at you the same way she does him. 
Are you single 
19? Dayum son! I thought you were 30!
Not that it matters, but you’re really hot
you need to quit skipping working out your left calf lmao
I fallen in love with this picture. Congrats for your grandma \^\^
Just goes to show you beauty comes in all packages .
You have demonstrated a perfect example of how we all should age !!,
Thank you 
That's nice, she looks good for 100. I'll be a pile of bones and a forgotten memory on my 100th.
Came here for beard comments. 

Was NOT disappointed. 
Damn she looks gud for being 100.
My great grandma was a treasure too. She turned 100 August of 17 and passed away February of 18. On the day she turned 100 all of her children, grandchildren and great grandchildren threw a party for her in which she got an interview from the local news. They asked her a few questions, but at the end of the interview we learned that they knew she was a bit of a joker. So they asked if she had any good jokes to tell. Now, all of us know that she has a horribly dirty mind when telling jokes, se we all in unison shouted NO! When the interviewer asked and it was amazing. One of my favorite memories of her.
You're a great grandson. (lol) Keep it up, it means the world to her. 
exactly 9^(2) years apart
This is so sweet.  Most people are hung up on your facial hair, but that picture probably made your great grandmother's whole year.  We dont realize how much it means to them to just call and talk to them for 5 or 10 minutes.  Everyone should try to call their grandparents this week.  Squad goals...
I don't care what you guys say.. this is very beautiful. Grandma looks so proud
The ultimate awww!!! 
My goodness, that lady is luminosity personified; pure joy and loveliness.
That’s gonna be a big adult 
Sooooo cool! You guys look so happy!
That is a wonderful photo!
Maybe I didn’t read far enough past the beard admiration, but are we not gonna talk about Great Gran’s beautiful smile and adoration of her handsome great grandson? 

And she’s standing up. 

Congrats to OP & GGM on getting to experience a relationship like this. 

This is more than awww, it’s fucking inspirational. 
Holy shit how are you 19
This is the cutest thing I've seen in a while. Cherish that lady, you are so lucky to have her. 
Soooo sweet
I think that is a beautiful generations picture.  You were blessed.  
This warmed my cold heart ❤️
Oh gawd, this is too cute!
19 going on 35
My great grandmother and I also shared birthdays.  She has long since passed, but I still think about the special connection we had.  HBD to you two!
Wonderful treasure together.  Togetherness means so much 
That's you at 19 years old ? Damn. I am 25 and look like a 14 year old
Awh such a great photo
This picture brought tears to my eyes.  The love between you two is beautiful.   <sniff>  
What another 81 yrs of gravity does to shrink a person. 
6'4"+ and a beard like that at 19? Your parents genetics are the shit my man!
Only 19?! You look well grown! 
Great pic 
Grandma was 81 when OP was born. She was already past the point where most people die and still made it another 19 years. 
That's gotta be the most wicked beard I've ever seen on a 19 year old
Awww me and my nan share birthdays. Best thing ever!!
I share the same birthday as my great grandmother as well. She was born 1899 and I was born 1980. I loved sharing my birthday with her, she passed away in 1997. I hope you have many more to share. 
I wanna see her reach 20
I love seeing posts about this!! My grandma and I were born the same day, 56 years apart, to the minute! I love being able to share my birthday with her, and I feel a deeper bond with her because of it. 
These are the sorts of photos people cherish for life, a moment in time captured for ever. Also looks like nan is still up with the times, matching socks and handbag. 
This pic is absolutely adorable! Happy B-day to you both!!!
You can see the pride she has for you.., aww 🥰 
I love this! I can see the love between you too!
Well aren’t you a tall drink of water
19?! You look... older than that🤔
Wow! That’s awesome... congrats!
We know what her favorite birthday present was. 
I’m emotional. 
What a framing kick arse birthday. Happy Birthday to both of you. Hope you live as long as your grandma she is beautiful!
I'm nearly 20 and still surprised how people my age look while I'm still being mistaken for a 16 year old.
Wow! Amazing.
So cool
"How you 19 and look like that?"-Drake
Dear God I'm only a year younger then you but you look like you could be my dad for fuck sakes
Look at the pride on her face... She loves you so dearly. 
Wow, for perspective, she has lived the length of your life more than 5 times over.
Hey you want to lend me some testosterone buddy
wow! that's a massive beard for a 19 yo!
Oh my gosh!!! 

I love how she looks at you!!!
Mother fucker, you look 40..
I love this so much❤
I was born on my grandma’s 60th birthday. Enjoy every birthday you have together my dude 
Men 19 and such a beard and a 100 years old grandma. You have nice gens.
That's great!

I was born on my grandfather's birthday, so I got to experience how special that is.
61k upvotes for this? What the hell is happening to reddit
How many more subs are you going to post this to until you get the attention you need?
Which one is which?
How you 19 looking like 26
are you sure you’re not 30 with 2 kids ?
Most grown ass looking 19 year old ever.
You are not 19.
Are you huge, or is she tiny?
Wtf, im 19 and look like i havent even hit puberty yet 
You're 2 days older than me but you look at least 10 years older than me.
How do you have a beard like that at 19
Bruh you atleast 30 
I am running out of stamps..
I'm 24 and look younger than you wtf
I'm jealous of that beard more than anything. 
No way that's 19
I think i’m as tall as her at 19
You’re 19? Omg 
D'awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww that is the most adorable thing <3


Also wat, I am 23 years old and I can *barely* grow something that *loosely* maybe kind of resembles facial hair. This feels weird.
You're putting an protective arm around her awwwww :')
My great grandfather and I shared the Jan 1st birthday. He died at 107. I was super young the few times that I did meet him but I remember people always telling me that I'd live just as long because we share such a special birthday. I'm 22 now so here's to hoping for 80+ more years
😍😭
very powerful beard
You fucking *cherish* that great grandmother, y'hear!
She clearly loves you so much it's ridiculous
IAM12.GiF
Awe! Precious!
Jorts and sandals... 
I think it's cool how pewdiepie takes time out of his day to interact with fans like this ~ ^_^
I miss my great grandma SO much. She ALWAYS had a huge smile for me. 

This picture really tugs at my heart. Although my grandma didn't look like yours, I find some sort of resemblance that makes me ache inside. 
Pffft you’re not 19 your fucking 40
My calculations say you're expected to have children in 8 years.
damn you're hot! and your grandma is adorable 
I’m 23 and have the facial hair of a normal 16 year old. I want a redo. 
was your grandma in Mars Attacks?
Adore this. ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️ty for sharing.
This is awesome.  I was mid-20s when my GGM passed away.  I loved her to death and I was blessed to able to spend time with her that I remember as an adult.  Not everyone is luckily enough to get to meet their GG parents and that's very unfortunate.  The stories alone are worth the time. 

I am blessed that my children are able to spend time with my grandparents and get the same experience I had when I was growing up.
A beard at 19? Extraordinary!
This made my day <3
I'm 18 and only have 1/4 grandparents, nevermimd great grandparents
/r/Gramsmirin
By 200 she'll be up to your knee
You're Dutch, aren't you?
My Grandad and I also shared the same birthday and we also look pretty much alike. Shame he's not around anymore :( 
Who is who?
this is exactly why I card everyone at work 
You seem to come from a good family. 
I'm 25 and can't grow a beard 😂 very wholesome family picture though 😊
This is so cute she looks so pure omg


This is really sweet. Hold on to those moments. 
This makes me miss my grandmother. She lives for these moments. Cherish them!
We all can tell how much she loves you and your love for her as well. She's beautiful and so fine at the age of 100.
I wish I had this kind of moment with my family too.
Sending lots of love ❤️
This is awesome. My great grandmother and I shared a birthday as well. Funny story actually, my mother and her great grandfather also shared a birthday.
She's too cute that's amazing 
I read this as, my "greedy" grandmother,  and thought she was taking over your party. Then I thought,  well she's turning 100, she can do whatever she damn well pleases.
This is so pure. I love it!
Happy birthdays!
r/foundfelix 
Precious. I love the way the two of you look so lovingly at each other. Y'all must have the best relationship. :)
r/thanksiloveit
I also share a birthday with my great grandmother, she passed away a few years ago but she always used to tell me that I was the best birthday present she ever got.
Happy birthday to you both! I hope you print this photo out for her. 
Dude, I’m 10years older than you, and I look like a kid.. 
I also shared a birthday with my great grandma! What a beautiful photo. 
My great grandma and I shared a birthday as well.  Sadly she passed away just before my 20th and her 95th
At least she looks like she is going to have fun. 
This is so wholesome and pure :)
I won’t look like your 19 for another 10 years and I’m 24 lol 
You look older than me and im 26
Jake Gyllenhaal, your grandmother is adorable!
Fellow 19 year old here, I’m jealous of that beard 
Dang sweet, boi.
Are you really tall or is she really small?
How wonderful to have your great grandmother with you at 19 and to share a birthday day as well.  You can see her love for you in her eyes! 
Fuck i’m 20 and you could be my dad by the looks of it
“Our” Birthday? You live in Soviet Union comrade?
(Jk)
Hey, you look a lot like Andrew Luck.
God damnit this is cute. 
how am I older than this man fuck
How crazy must it be for her to pop out a kid, watch them grow, then that kid pop out a kid, watching THAT kid grow and then loom like a giant next to her.

Ask her what her secret to living a long life is!
As a mom of two, my hope in life is to be alive to meet my grandkids. I can’t even imagine to be alive to know my great grandson! You have no idea how truly happy she is!!!
My great grandma just passed away yesterday ;( cherish her 
I love you Grammy grape 
She doesn't look a day older than him
Please give her the biggest hug ever for those of us who’s no longer with us.  Mine made it to 98, and I can’t get through a day without missing her.
r/GirlsMirin
My mom and I shared a birthday.  She passed when she was fifty.  Last week, I turned forty-seven.  Enjoy every day you have with your great grandmother, they are precious. 
Lovley, just lovley! My great grandmother died at the age of 102! What a time to be alive...
I’m 28 and still can’t grow a beard like that. Fuck genetics amirite?
I wish me and my grandma had that relationship but we live in different states
This is a very special photo OP. Cherish it forever!
My grandma and I shared a birthday as well! She passed away in December but I’ll always celebrate her birthday with mine. 
[/r/girlsmirin](https://reddit.com/r/girlsmirin)
Finally someone who's got a hairy face like me!
When she was his age ww2 hadn't even started yet.
Bro. You are tall af
You’ll be bald soon with a beard like that
Awww! I love this!
I use to share my birthday with my grandmother. It really made the day that much more special.
All I'm saying, is fuck your adult looking ass. I'm 23 and still look like I'm 16
What a stallion 😋
Me and my brother (him 20, me 17) used to share a birthday with my grandad when he was alive and he used to look as happy as your great grandma
Andrew Luck?
Great-grandma died on my sister’s birthday. Every year grandma brings up how many years she’s been dead and it’s a real buzzkill.
Me and my grandfather share a birthday (July 26th) and even though we live in different states we always spend it together. I'm very close to him because of this and it warms my heart to find out someone else has the same thing. 
19? Its just not fair...im 26 and my beard looks like chernobyl radiation poisoning
Makes me wonder If you could live forever at what generation would you stop giving a shit about them? By the 5th you could have 100s of great great great great great grandkids.
There's no way you're 19.
More like 29th 
19 going on 30
This picture (and the love seen in her eyes) reminds me of my grandma, a lot. Beards on fleek btw (y) 
19 going on 25 with that beard
Good beard for being only 19 
You could fulfil many a daddy fetish for you fellow teens.
I didn’t know Mitchell Trubisky was only 19 
She looks a lot like the grandma from Mars Attacks! 

https://imgur.com/gallery/xie9Y44
This just reminds me that everyone in my family had kids way too early. I'm nearly 30 and my great grandmother is only 90. I even remember my great-great grandmother before she died (I was 12. She was 98). 
r/foundfelix ??
Same here, grandma turned 80 last December and I turned 23. I hope she lives to 100 like your great grandma did!

Edit: a word.
Uh, Mitch? Mitch Trubisky? Is that you?!?!
The most loving look I’ve ever seen! 
OP you up?
You look like more of a man than I ever will
Cherish every moment you get with her. I’ve been thinking about my great grandmother a lot recently. I miss her a lot. 
Geez i just turned 20 and im probably the size of your grandmother.. and im a guy 
Oh the way she smiles at you! You are adored great grandson. 💜
This is so wholesome :') Thank you for melting my ice cold heart
Awesome! My grandmother turns 100 next Tuesday!

We're going to take her to her church(She's a major in the Salvation Army) and give her a HUGE surprise party with everyone from her congregation(Well everyone that she knows anyways as well as a lot of family from out of town.)

Then on Tuesday, the day of her Bday we're going to bring her to our(and her) favorite restaurant and having a nice family dinner with her.

She is the single most incredible, brave, strong, caring, and loving person I've ever met and I owe everything to her.

Good on you for spending time with yours!! =) Here's an upvote!
I think I post this every time I see a picture of someone with their great grandparent, but seriously you're so lucky for the time you've spent with her. My great grandmother was the most lovely lady, and I miss her every day.


 Great grandparents are the best, unfortunately most people don't get a lot of time with them. Every second is worth cherishing (as I'm sure you already know)
19? Really? You look at least 30.
You're over a year younger than me so why is it you look likd you could be my uncle?
Can you imagine in 200 years, people will look back at us and be like "Wow, so THAT'S what aging looked like? I can't believe they only lived 100 years"
I thought I grew fast 
Aw, so heartwarming & sweet. ❤️
Hold me closer tiny Grandma
Ummm... How do we see more of you?? 😍😍😍
Awww she definitely loves you a lot!!
[https://youtu.be/J9fUGAmYLK0](https://youtu.be/J9fUGAmYLK0)
Cute!
Really tall or really tiny? 🤔
very nice Happy Birthday to both of you
I wonder how tall OP is compared to his great grandmother.  
Grandma's sock game is on point.  Happy Berfday to you both!!!
Happy Birthday and Best Wishes to you both. 
Love! ❤️ 
Which one are you in the picture?
My nephew and my grandmother (his great-grandmother) also share a birthday. He is currently 5 and she is 70.
Lets start sending her birthday cards.
Which one is you?
I need to call my Grandma.
No way that guy is 19
Some decent genetics in that family.
Shit man I’m 19 and can barely grow some
Chin stubble haha
I like how you got a specific age.
Is this r/aww or r/roastme ?
i share my birthday with my great grandmother too. September 21st. sadly, she died shortly before her 100th. was one of my favourite childhood memories sharing birthdays with her.
Z] ]pq0 Q nd  n 
I too share my birthday with my great grandmother and her sister (they were twins).  Sadly both passed very young.
I can’t imagine having a great grandmother and what that relationship would be like compared to my grandmother. My nephews have a great grandmother but they are quite young and she is 90 and has Alzheimer’s. She’s still quite cognoscent but I doubt I will be able see how their relationship grows as they age. 
Nice jorts.
My first thought, was she in Mars Attacks?
Neat.
Makes me think of my great-grandfather. I never met him because he died way before I was born, but I was born exactly 100 years after him.
My girlfriends great great grandmother turned 100 last Friday too. They had a huge birthday ball for her. I always imagine the things they've seen all there years and how the world changed. 
She looks like the actress from Mars Attacks! Sylvia Sydney. Love the pure look of love in her eyes as she looks up. Super awesome
.　　　　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　   　 　　　˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　\*　　　　　　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　 　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　　　　　　　 　 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ 　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　,　　   　

.　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　ﾟ　  　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　.

　　　　　　,　　　　　　　.　　　　　　    　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 ☀️ 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　    　      　　　　　        　　　　\*　　　　　　　　　. 　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　   　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       　    ✦ 　   　　　,　　　　　　　　　\*　　    🚀 　　　　 　　,　　　 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　 　　 　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　           　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　˚　　　 　   　　　　,　　　　　　　　　　　       　    　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　  　　    　　　　　 　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　\* 　　   　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　　　　         　        　　　　 　　 　　　　　　　 　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　    　　. 　 　　　　　.　　　　     🌑 　　　　　   　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　   　

　˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　ﾟ　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　. 　　 　          🌎 ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ,　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　\* .　　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　 ✦ 　　　　   　 　　　˚　　　　　　　　　　　　　　\*　　　　　　   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.　　　　　　　　　　　　　　.
you don't look 19
Amazing. Pure. Everything I needed
Omg....so awesome 🎂🎂
How wonderful!!!! Happy birthday to you both!!!! 🙏🏻💖💐🎂🍰❣️❣️❣️❣️
That's so sweet. 

You guys look so happy.  What a nice coincidence that the two of you shared a birthday. 
which one is you and which one is your grandma?
I’m 19 and look no where near as old as you! And I don’t mean that in a bad way
Fuck you’re gorgeous
That smile on her face. :)
19..yeah aight,fuck I look so much younger 
My son and his great grandmother share a birthday. Unfortunately they only got to celebrate 1 together.
Wow!

Once, that little lady was able to hold you in her arms, and I’m betting she still looks at you the way she did when you were itty-bitty!
The way she is looking at OP is precious. How sweet!
r/30or13
She got killer socks
'Grandmas hold our hand for a short time but our heart for a lifetime.' Enjoy your time with her while you still can. 
My husband also shared a birthday with his great grandmother. They had many shared parties at Chuck E. Cheese in the 90s. The photos are adorable. 

How special to share a birthday with someone special like that. :)
Which one is you?
Looks so sweet! I miss my Nana, we used to out for brunch a bunch.
PewDiePie?


/s
Cute couple
r/MadeMeSmile
Ive had grey hair and a full beard (not thick) since my freshman year of highschool i was 13.
Do I get a full beard on my birthday?
Aw. My grandma and I almost shared a birthday (Her 1/1, me 1/3) so I have a picture where we blew out the candles on our cake at my sweet 16 party. She passed a couple of years ago and that has become my favorite picture of us together.
Been eating beardilizer? Looks like 29th b-day.
That’s some good genes you got there man! 
r/girlsmirin
It’s a wonderful picture. 
This is so sweet. 💕
You look like 30
You'll carry this with you forever. Solid move.
Wish I looked like that at 19
You are both adorable. 
The look of love ❤️ 
Happy birthday to the both of you! You look great but great grandmom what an outstanding woman 💕
This makes me cry real tears 
you are 19????
Dayyyum you FINE Grandson!
Your great-grandmother looks so proud. This is beautiful. 
She was alive on the many important events in history. 
That absolute look of love she’s giving you melts my heart. How sweet. 
A beautiful picture! Thank you for sharing, it brought a smile to my face.
Why do you look like a grown up ness???
you are stealing your grandma's thunder with that beard bro.
Looks like he’s built like a Joestar
The look on her face is the sweetest thing I’ve ever seen.
this is absolutely precious
My great grandma and I also shared a birthday. She passed away last year, only a few weeks shy of her 106th. 
The smile and warmth on her face and the love in yours genuinely made me tear up. Such a pure picture and moment 
My grandfather on my dad's side is 100 and I'm 16. Late bloomers huh.
1. This is easily the cutest thing I've seen all month (please don't tell my dog I said this)
2. I'm 27F and your superior beard makes you look so much older than me
My grandmother and I also share a birthday!
Her socks match with her bag (:
If that's what you're supposed to look like at 19. Then I have catching up to do
She is so proud of you!
I'm 22 and everyone say to me that i look like a 17 years old boy :( and i don't have a decent beard like that, i'm like shaggy 
The pic is adorable, but I’d like to focus on how insanely attractive you are.
Very sweet. Happy 100 to great grandma and to you too! But 19th. Not 100th. I’ll wish you happy 100th birthday in 81 years. 
Grandparents are the best ❤️
She looks so sweet and full of love! Happy Birthday to you both! 
Which one are you?
Reminds me of my GGM who died last year (aged 104)
I wish I could meet my great grandfather, he was in a concentration camp twice.
His grandma is 6 foot too 
My little girl was born on my grandmother's birthday last June 😊😊
I share mine with my dad and aunt... It really sucked.
If your 19, I'm 12
Just 19?
That’s amazing! I hope you two have a fantastic birthday together!!! 
I share my birthday with my great grandmother as well! 
r/samespecies \[nsfw but the intent is the same\]
I’m a year younger than you, yet I look 10 years younger. Gg
My grandmother and I share a birthday. I feel included.
Wtf 19 are you kidding
In that case I am 4yr old as of now
You better be framing this. 
man really he is 19? 
A very happy birthday to you both! What a great memory 
So sweet. Look at her smile.
OMG That is so cool.
You look like pewds
I love this
A 19 year old with a nice beard pisses me off. I’m in my 30’s and it’s still patchy.
Some people live their whole lives without someone who looks at them the way she is looking at you. 
Dude, you are handsome
This is so precious I can't even.
Thats so cute
She's probably so proud to see her great grandson grow into an adult
Pewdiepie, your gramma looks so sweet.
I'm 32 and I still cant grow a beard as glorious as that
I loved everything about that photo. Cycle of life in its best
Shoutout to those born on Feb 26th ! Happy birthday! 
She's absolutely in love with you! 💙 I hope you'll celebrate many more birthdays together!
You’re a very beautiful man 
I’m loving the bag on her zimmer so nifty 
19th? You look 25.
You look fucking 36 what the fuck 
Andrew Luck?
19? You mean 32. 
Treasurer her every day.
How do you have a beard that thick at 19?

Either way, you’re family’s got great genes!
This grandma must be a lot of peoples grandma
False. Since you share birthday, you only get a half year older every year. You're 9½ in the photo, she's 90½.
God bless her! I miss my Nana! 😭😭😭
OP is self conscious about his toes
So sweet, she adores you 🤓
Jesus, you're huge. 
Adorable 
r/girlsmirin
Oh Jesu's I'm thinking of mars attacks!
How many cards did she get?
You look like you are in your early 20's
*share :)
So adorable! 
Holy crap! You look so much like one of my cousins that I had to do a double take!
Close your mouths and stop drooling

He's mine!
Not only are you 19, you just turned 19. Like I’ve been 19 for 6 months and you look more like my 30 year old brother lmao 
This is the sweetest EVER!!!
She looks like the cute lady from Mars Attacks!


God bless you teenager! 
This blessing is not for everyone. Count everyday like a drop of gold. 
sweet little babushka angel
My little brother and my grandmother share the same birthday as well!
The key with her is of?
This is a pic worth keeping in a safe place, and framed on your wall.  Thanks for sharing.
This is so wonderful it’s disgusting ❤️💜💙🤢
My great grandfather, my cousin, and I all shared a birthday. Never got to meet my great grandfather though. It’s pretty cool to share a birthday with an extended family member because it’s something you and them will always have in common but no one else will.
Pure love in one picture <3 
Anyone else think the guys legs look weird with his feet right next to each other?
Damn, you're just 19 there and already have a full beard, I'm 20 rn and have none. 
Thomas that you? And does grandma have a cat named Muffy? 
Aww 🙂 OP, I have to admit I'm a touch jealous. My great grandfather lived until I was 14. He was a wonderful man and was full of stories. I really wish my family and I had gotten another 5 years or so with him.

Either way, thanks for sharing! I'm glad you got to know your great grandmother. It's a lovely photo of you both together. 
I also share a birthday with my great grandmother! We always share a birthday party, even though in recent years since she's turned 90 everyone (except her) forgot about my birthday. She's said to me before "Your birthday is the only one that I don't have to look at a calendar for!"

I think I'm going to call her now.
Hobbits live a long time!
You at least 30
You’re 19! 
I also shared a birthday with my Great grandmother! 80 years apart on the day :)

Downvotes, really??
You look like a 34 yr old who just got his first BMW and an expense account.  Wicked beard tho!
Today is my birthday too OP!
I can see where you get your height from 
R/girlsmirin
She could start with your nipples, go down to your fuzzy belly button, and then finish you off with oral if she wanted to.
r/upvotedbecauseboy
Fuarkin mirin beard game for 19. 
Hey looking at these comments I can sympathize with you. I too am constantly told I look like I’m in my 30s. I’m 21 now, however Iv been told this since I was 17. Wear it with pride my dude. Don’t look at it as a bad thing
r/girlsmirin
Are you Bryce Harper?
Mitch, is that you? Bear down!!
Why are your shorts photoshopped?
I'm 22 years old and if I walked down the street side by side with this dude, people would think I was his kid.
[deleted]
19? Nah more like 26 or older
19 year old with a 40 year old beard
Grandmother looks so proud. What a wonderful heartwarming picture, thank you for sharing.
Happy birthday! And hopefully there will be many more days where you're both there at each other's birthdays :)
You're so tall you will be lucky to see 70 sadly. 
Happy Birthday! Happiness, many many health.
💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓
Love. Love. Love.
Not to take away the tone.. but [are you a never nude?](https://youtu.be/TK6_5HhrKHU)  
The cutoffs make me wonder. 
I didn't know PewDiePie was 19
My heart
“Mutha fucka you look 30”
Pewds? 
A picture you will cherish forever. 
I thought you were PewDiePie
Her smile says it all. You sharing just an hour of your birthday means a whole lot to her I bet.

Any time you’re willing to give her, she’ll cherish.
r/foundfelix Very cool. 
/r/mirin/
oh my heart

look at her little cute socks, this is way too precious <3
start shaving very early if your family/dad has less beard.. it helps a lot. 
This made my day. I have a picture of me and my grandmother in almost the exact pose. Cherish these days!...but I guess by how happy you both look I don’t have to tell you that
This made her day. More then being a century old, I’m sure she valued the time with family more then anything. 
You're 19...? And you have the beard of a 30 lumberjack. God bless you're souls you're a lucky man. 
Can I have your genes? Live to 100? Look like that at 19? Be that tall? Please go to a sperm bank right now and improve humanity.
She loves you, you can just see it on her face ❤️
How do you get that beard at 19
Nice photo and make sure you enjoy & celebrate her as much as you can. Ask many questions and learn as much as you can retain. The wisdom this woman carries at her age is a treasure.
That's some damn impressive facial hair for 19. 
Your great grandmother looks young for a 100 yr old and you look old for a 19 yr old.

Truth is stranger than fiction.
the way she looks at you reminds me so much of my late great grandfather, he passed just a few weeks ago. thanks ❤️
19 or 39?
It sucks because I look like this, beard and all. 
But I actually look 19 and I’m 24.  
I'm 27 and my beard is no where near that hahah 
19, pal you look about late 20s 😂😂
Is the grandma the one on the left or right? JK jk. This is a lovely photo, thanks for sharing!! 
Who tf can grow a lumberjack beard at 19 fuck my genes
Either you’re very tall, or she’s very short. Which is it??
Alright, I don't usually wax emotional about stuff online but that is very, very sweet.
Just 19?
Does she want 100 birthday letters for her 100th? 
I'm 19 with a kid on the way and I look 12 years old. Please trade places with me.
wtf you have a full beard and you're like 6 months younger than me
r/foundfelix
Look at how much she loves you <3 So adorable
Aww, this is cute. 

My sister and my grandmother share their birthday.
Pewdiepie ?
Aww that's so sweet! How long have you guys been together? 
And I thought I had a hell of a beard on my 19th birthday...

What beard oil do you use? Do you pay someone to trim it or do you do it yourself?
I am convinced that you are syphoning years off of your grandma. Like, you've absorbed 15 years from her, so you're aged like a 34 yeard old but granny is as spry as a 85 year old.

Tell us your secrets. 
Jesus fuck I turned 19 Sunday and you look 25 years older than me. 
You look like sanholo
You're too late. I have no more birthday cards left... 
Bruh, I'm less than half a year away from turning 20 and I still get people thinking I'm 16 wtf!
This is unbelievably sweet
Awwwh! That’s an adorable pic! I also share/shared a birthday with my Nan :)
He's on the left, for those who are confused.
Aww..she is so proud & loves him very much.
She is down right adorable 😍😍
I'm 32 and I still don't have a beard like yours.. 
Great grandma got swag, socks matching her purse 🙌
They didn't make 19 year olds like that when I was 19...
This is the sweetest picture ever. 
Ay bro you wanna try to buy me beer
Even though she is older than you i think you would win in a fight 
Tall pewdiepie?
/r/girlsmirin material?
The look she gives you is really cool man. Glad you caught it.
My grandma and I share a birthday too shes the sweetest little ole Italian lady you've never met. Love her to bits
Is that podiepie
Aww, my great grandma and I shared a birthday too. Miss ya, GeeGee :(
r/GirlsMirin
More like 29 
now thats a nice beard for a 19 year old guy
Gosh you two love each other. It's adorbs! 
Grand parents are the best
Omg the most precious look on her face
What a dish! And your grandma isn’t bad either 
r/foundfelix
19?You look like youre 25 or some shit
Not to many people can share that kind of a “special” day, congratulations to you both.  I sure do miss my grandmas.
she may rest in peace
How old are your parents? Your mom gave birth when your grandmother was 81. 
I'd like to think that you remind her of her twenties. And that it was a great time for her.
That is an impressive beard for a 19 year old. 😊
I shared a birthday with my great aunt. What a kind lady she was.
That guy def doesn't get ID'ed at bars
This, is precious! 
You should feel so lucky...I never even knew my grandparents. So sweet.
She looks great! I would've guessed she was in her mid to late 80s. I love the way you look at each other.
Wow I wish I had your kind of 19
That's a lanky ass beard for a 19 year old, lol. xD Gs.
You're both adorable and add up to 1000% adorableness!
But does she have tennis balls on the feet of that walker?

Because that's the true baller move.
Gorgeous fam
The past tense is making me nervous 
She's a lucky gal.
My friend plz lend me your secrets for such an amazing beard. 
goddamn, i look like i'm 15 when i'm 19 but worse. "woah, that tall child looks terrible! you can't keep burning the candle at both ends!". these are things people say to me
And she still looks great! 
Wholesome as hell, but God damn, that beard
Your title says 19 but your beard says 28yo Bachelor, my beard is parsley compared to yours 😂
❤️ 
So cute❤️
fuck aging
This is awesome!  
My mom and I share a birthday.  
Congrats on another year!
This is precious 
>Shared 

My heart 
That’s so cool! My son and his great grandpa share a bday! We will have to do this photo shoot too when my son is 19. 
Such a sweet post an everyone ist speaking about his beard XD
r/girlsmirin would like this too, she's looking at your with so much love 
I shared my birthday with my great grandma too :)
Jesus, I’m 25 and when I see a 19 year old I still feel like I’m a child looking at someone older than I. 
This is an absolutely beautiful picture of the two of you. I am so glad you had it taken and have that memory. I know exactly how she felt on this day. My mom loved all of her babies and their babies. I am now a grandmother myself. My sons are tall and beautiful now and just starting families of their own. It’s wonderful. Thank you for sharing this. 
Awesome! And she's adorable!
Want to help make her a Great Great Grandmother? 😉
Oh my gosh she's so smol my heart-
Congratulations... wait, it’s another pewdiepie!
I just love your great grandma. 
I have the same birthday as my Great Gramma too! It’s so wonderful being able to share that with them
You’re soo tall 😍
Oh my god 100th i think super grand mother 
I’m loving the posts celebrating centenarian’s! I hope it catches and stays!    
My heart 😭

r/mademesmile
U cute tho
Well...well, that's simply adorable.
Damn you’re hot :) any more pics? Beard is on point 
I'd hit that
Great grandmother, more like best grandmother
Your great-grandma is a cutie-patootie!
awwww so cute
What a beautiful image! You two are so cute!
You're a beautiful man
I hope you and your great grandmother have a great time together! I sadly never got to meet my great grandpartents but seeing others enjoy the time with theirs makes me happy.
:)
What a fantastic photo to cherish ❤
Lovely
I hope you find a significant other who looks at you with that much love.  
Awwwww that looks so nice!
What a great family picture. Thank you for sharing with us.
Love this! 
i miss my gram, but this picture was cute af
This makes my heart happy! The two of you are beautiful looking at each other like that.  My family has never been close so your relationship is truly wonderful and very special. I'm so happy you both had this in your life. 
she looks so happy! 
very soulful photo
That is one of the best pictures I’ve ever seen! The love between a great grandmother and a grandson is a amazing thing 💙
r/girlsmirin
/r/foundfelix
Is that PewDiePie?
