I don’t believe you. No way dog would leave kitchen when tacos are being made.
[deleted]
Sounds handy as all hell, and he sounds like a keeper... congratulations. 
Did the doggo get some taco? I don't know why I need to know this information... but I do.
Hitdog killed your husband and you are next.
lol and cute
I just got my lab pup. How’d you train him to fo that? That’s impressive.
This would never work with my dog.  She would eat the note.
My dog looked so much like yours - https://imgur.com/gallery/SQhbZqQ .

We had to put her down two weeks ago and I really miss her. Thank you for the post, you definitely got a gem :)
What a cute messenger! Is this like the carrier pigeons, but bigger?
This is the life I dream of - cute doggo who summons me for tacos with a taco-making husband. 
Keep the hubbie and the dog! My husband would never make tacos or send me such a note or buy me such a beautiful dog! You got it all baby!
Lol that heart looks like a pair of buttocks
Is that a White German Shepherd?
He became the very thing he swore to destroy: the mailman.
[deleted]
My Labrador loves bringing messages back and forth. I was in the garage one night and she came in with a “dinner is ready!” sign just like this! So fun!! 
My dog would just eat the paper and stay right by the tacos
They’re both keepers 👌 they’re so sweet and adorable 😭
My mum would occasionally get the dog dog bring me my pills, in a safe plastic case. It always cheered me up when I was too sad to get out of bed. 
"Fuck you, ron!"
Husband had a chance to write Taco Time but didn't...


That's sooooo sweet<3
You chose the right man to marry
Wait.... ur hubby makes tacos?!?!! Tell me how you cast this spell!!!!!
My brother has a White Shepherd. The most curious and attentive dog I've ever seen! He looks exactly like your pup too. Sometimes the energy is too much though!
That is sooooo cute on so many levels. 
Ravens are obsolete. It's time for doggies 
Well done, pup! My dog would just eat the note. 😛
Does your husband have a brother with a dog?
I love that he recycles too. 
The dog is cute and all but the backstory seems a bit /r/thatHappened
X to doubt, but E to pet dog 
I thought this was an r/roastme and I was going to be so mad
‘Put this is your mouth so I can get some karma dammit’
Video plz
That's love 
My heart just exploded 
Tacos and a white GSD. What a perfect night! 
Whoa, is your dog [my dog](https://imgur.com/a/vkpdbjZ)?!
Your dog is beautiful! Seems like a complete mush
So Cute!

&#x200B;
Aww to the husband and the dog. Twice the feels double the aww
That's a very beautiful sweet dog! 
Awe, how adorable!!
This is super cute! Also I like your username
Beautiful dog!!!

OK but why did he draw a butt also? 🤔
So ADORABLE!!!
Omg my heart would burst 🤗
That's so cute OMG!!!
Aww looks just like my baby. White shepherds are the best ❤️
Cute dog, sounds like an awesome hubby
Ohhhh, white German Shepherd. Beautiful.  Miss my girl. 
So cute!!
Way better than texting, like at my house 😅
This is the best thing I have read today morning! And so so adorable!
A harmonious household with pets and humans having daily bonds love this wholesome
beautiful 
This is so sweet! Such a cute pup too ❤️
That must be a very smart dog!
That's so adorable! Tell me she got a reward for that.
❤❤❤
Well isn’t that just the cutest damn thing  I’ve ever seen!
We are all talking about the dog but can we appreciate how good the husband’s handwriting is?
Oh my god that is the best thing ever. 
There's so much to love here. ❤️
You have a very pretty dog. 
AWWWW
marry him again 
That is cool and all but how did you teach the dog to write?
How do you train a dog to do that? I'd love it if I could send messages upstairs with my dog
Gorgeous and sweet!!
Good Dawg !
I like
I want this kind of life!
So beautiful!!!  It made my heart hurt a little missing my white Shep Jerry!
I love white GSDs, this is adorable.  

I must admit the “tacos in the Netherlands” is almost as entertaining as the pups pic.   

 
Got some dog mail for you, Ron.
 If that was my dog he would have eaten the paper.
I LOVE this!
I also have a white shepherd and they’re so smart and amazing! Yours is lovely.
Fooking loyal and adorable.
Wow! He's a good boy! 12/10
You have two good boys!
[deleted]
Beautiful pup!! I have a white German Shepherd too!!!
so cute!!!!
I am working on this trick, which is referred to as the four-footed fax.  
I would love to see more pictures of her.  She's so pretty!
A taco dinner making husband who sends your awesome dog w/a note letting you know dinner is ready?!   My dear woman, you have all you could ever need 👍.      
Tacos, Commitment and a Doggo... ideal trifecta! 
This is the most goals goal ever wow
the goodest boy
I wish my beautiful lil stoopy was smart enough for this 😍😍😂😂
Your hubby has really neat handwriting 
Thought I was going to read /roastme on that paper
Dogs thrive on routine and, though they do not keep track of time like we do, their circadian rhythm, or internal clock, makes it possible for them to tell when it's close to the timefor a routine task. ... Remember: Any dog feeding schedule is just a suggestion  
“I put this note in my dogs mouth and took a photo. I made up this karma-worthy story”
This lucky women has been blessed with not one, but two good boys
child labour
Such a good girl! Mine would eat the note 😂
Such a good girl and her penmanship is terrific! 
r/thathappened
Fake. That's a girl's handwriting and heart. 
[deleted]
r/PetTheDamnDog

&#x200B;
He seems awesome. Your husband seems cool too. 
I want to kiss and boop it’s nose <3
Holy crap! [I think we have doggo twins!](https://imgur.com/a/Nu7tYRf) 

He was actually found in a Taco Bell dumpster and we got him at 5 weeks. Might be separated at birth. 
Would 100% boop that nose <3
Press X to doubt. 
[deleted]
r/thathappened
Ummmmm, this might actually be too cute. 
Aw so adorable.
[removed]
He’s a keeper. 😉
I have seven GSDs. Such a great breed. 
u/leggett456
wow, so cute
Awwww
Awwwww!❤️ I just want to get out of grad school and find my hubby and have this in my life 😍😍
That's a weird looking carrier pigeon.
Ok so this is the cutest thing I’ve ever seen 
I have white Shepard as well, they are pure souls amazing companions <3
Omg our dogs are twins!! 
How do you train a dog to do this? Asking for a friend..
That’s most certainly a heart drawn by a man.
I get my little nephew to do that, he like running around the house when he visits, so I might as well have fun.
White GSD represent! What a good dog.
Too sweet
Dinnek
Why's the heart about to split? 
Good husband 
I want this
We use our black lab to deliver our children’s blankets at bedtime. Just attach to the collar and he visits each of their rooms. 
How cuuuute 💖🐶💗🤗
I too have a white german shepherd with the same patches around his eye, do you know why they have it?
Adorable!
this is totally real and not staged for karma 
THIS IS THE CUTEST THING I HAVE EVER SEEN !!!!!!!
White GSD?? she/he Looks exactly like my pup!!!
💕🐾
Taco Tuesday, baby!
I called my wife by phone when she was in the room next over if that counts.
Why is the dog missing a chunk from the top of it's head? 
Amazing! Yes, sending the message is nice, but sending the dog away from the FOOD... OMG I SMELL TACOS I WANT TACOS TACOOOOOS
Fuck me, that is adorable.
I used to try this with my jacktzu but she would just throw the note on the floor immediately. 
What a good boy!
Give that task to a basenji
He deserves one of those tacos!
Once again, another example of how we don’t deserve dogs. We are unworthy. 
I draw butts on notes for my wife too!
That heart though.
"As payment, I would also like Tacos."
Nice butt/heart
[You gonna eat all those tacoos?](https://imgur.com/ZpQIvHH.jpg)
That is a heartbutt.
Awwwwww! 
Good pupper. 
How do you train a dog to bring objects to other people like that?
Amsterdam
Haha my dog would have eaten the paper. Of you put it in his mouth, it means he can eat it. 
At least you get a personal touch. My wife tells Google to let me know.
Meanwhile my dog shits on the floor when he wants attention.
r/dogswithjobs
Owwwnnnnn 
My dog look exactly the same but her ears only stick up a little. Is this a pure bred?
Lol

Made me smile but this is the internet and i aint gonna take anybody's word for it.
Is that Chinese take away ?
Are there tendie tacos?
Awwww. This makes me miss my mom's dog, who looked very like this and passed last year.
Angie?
that heart he drew looks like a tongue and a peach emoji. 
Read this as “ my squirrel was downstairs making tacos” slightly disappointed by content 
What’s even more impressive is that he can hold the paper in his mouth without giving in to his innate chewing tendencies. Like, how? 
My dog would have eaten the paper then puked it on the carpet.
So cute. Is that an all white GSD? Beautiful dog
Talented, considering my dog would have just eaten the damn paper
Dinnek time!
Give him an hug from me...and that cute pupper too of course 
Dinnek ready
And then everyone clapped 
r/thathappened
all i know is that no man has hand writing like that
You definitely just gave the dog the note and took this picture.
"Fuck you, Ron!"
that dog is super pretty

also I’m jealous of how good your husbands handwriting looks, I wish mine was half as nice
Good boi or gurl
My dog would just tear the paper into 1000 pieces and then stare at me for taco scraps. You either trained this one extremely well or this post is bullshit.
Smartboye.  He better have gotten a taco for his efforts. 
Mine would have shredded the paper the second we gave it to him.
Oof. Your pupper looks so much like our girl, we lost her recently and this is so bittersweet. Love your doggo every day.
You are living my best life!! Enjoy!!
Anyone else expecting dog to be holding a taco?
Glad he’s already your husband. If he wasn’t already, this’d be the reason to make a change. 
My first thought was what if you were the only human in the house? 
r/untrustworthypoptarts
Is that what really happened or did you just take a picture of her holding this sign in her mouf.
My dog would have eaten the note and then gone back to the kitchen to say he had my permission to eat my share of the tacos. 
Cutest messenger!
I love dinnek time
Man I love dinnek time
Good... Good boy 🥰🥰
So adorable. This waiter is the best. 12/10 would leave tip. 
that's a lady's handwriting you can't fool me!
No he didn't! You are lying.
DINNEK
TIME
Smart dog.  Knew exactly what to do.

Excellent handwriting.
Signed by a mermaids butt!
Good doggo. Very good doggo. 
This is the best doggo because he comes with messages.
The goodest of girls. 
He writes like a girl
"Honey, stop trying to get the dog to hold a piece of paper for the karma"
How can anyone not love Dogs ?
Used the term "our dog" instead of this good boy's name. Not buying it OP unless, of course, you're one of those elitists that think that humans are better than doggos.
r/thathappend 
No he didnt, you put that in his mouth and snapped a pc while he held still for a couple seconds.
Cute 
cute
Why is there buttcheeks on the note
Liar 🤥 
"I put this piece of paper in my dogs mouth for karma"
/r/nothingeverhappens
Your dog is naked. Give him a collar.
Telegram < Doggogram
Aww..doggo is a good member of the family rounding up everyone for dinner.
i hope you gave that dog a taco, the pup deserves a taco for being such a good dog
Awww that's so cute.. My dog wouldn't leave the taco's for a second.
My dog would have happily taken the paper, trotted to his bed, and promptly eaten it. 
A dog would never leave a kitchen when there's good there lol
I thought it's the dog writing ask for dinner
Omg the lil muzzle poof where she lifted her lips above the note. It's like tiny chubby cheeks, I can't handle it 😭😭😭
My cat would have shredded the note.
Don't give no hugs to the messenger!
Such a good doggy! 

Letting mom know that dinner is ready.
Yet the dog is still the happiest one in the relationship. XD look that face. My goodness what a handsome puppers. 
Good boye!
My dog would eat that paper and then ask for more. 
Give that goodboi a taco 
Good boi
/r/dogswithjobs 
Hug the messenger
Heart looks like a butt 😛
I’d give that doggo a taco for his troubles
This is so adorable. You are a lucky person. Great husband great dog. Great food??  Lol 

❤️❤️❤️
Roast me woof 
From the thumbnail I thought the dog had a partially eaten tortilla.
What kind of doggo is that?
Oh man, I was scrolling and for a brief second I thought the dog was holding a paper with /roastme on it.
So is it just me to realize it can be good stuff for r/nosleep. 
That heart is a butt. Just FYI.
passenger  dog 
That note would not have made it 2 feet in my house lol.
 r/dogswithjobs
“Fuck you Ron”
Really random, but was your pup’s name  Eclair when you got him/her? 
That’s a butt not a heart
Congrats you put a piece of paper in your dogs mouth for upvotes
Oh no he did not fucking do that.
Top ten tricks to getting to getting karma on reddit:
1) Dog post
2) Dog post
3) Dog post
4) Dog post
5) Dog post
6) Dog post
7) Dog post
8) Dog post
9) Dog post 
10) Shitty sort by new meme 
Wow! I had no idea this post would be so popular. Thanks to everyone for all the positive and funny messages. I hope it brought a smile to most of you like it did to me. 

For all the doubters out there, I'm just going to post about this once. I've had a dormant Reddit account for two years that I never used. I had never posted anything on Reddit before and I don't even know what 'Karma' is supposed to do.

Yes, this really happened. She brought me the note, and I thought it was so cute that I gave it back to her and gave her the command to 'hold' it as I took the photo. It was so lovely that I thought I'd like to share it and let some other people experience the warm fuzzies too. Since I had never tried posting on Reddit before, I posted the photo which was promptly removed because I used an emoji. I didn't know that there were rules to what you post. I also also realised that I didn't post it to the right place and decided to put it under another thread. Suddenly my notifications went crazy.

Is it so hard to believe that a husband makes dinner and writes his wife sweet notes? Is it even harder to believe that a dog can carry an object from one place to another? (We've taught her more complex things than that). Well if it's that unbelievable, then I suppose I really am blessed with an incredibly lucky and wonderful life that very few people get to experience. 

This had been an interesting first Reddit experience for me and I've learned quite a bit!
I don’t believe you. No manner dog would depart room once tacos square measure being created.
I put a piece of paper in my dog’s mouth, please upvote. 
Read it as "My husband was drowning making tacos" 
I have a Frenchie.  She is basically a mindless eating machine and is kinda useless.  If she wasn't so cute I would have evicted her.  Some day I want to get a smart dog. 
I can yell my dogs name from across the house when I have to pee and he's watching my food, and he won't eat it. it's not as impressive as this though. 
For some reason when I saw the top part of his picture I was expecting him to go upstairs with a taco lol
Who’s the good boys!!!
That's good handwriting for a dog.
I was hoping the paper would say r/RoastMe
DAE le tacos are best? random tacos xD xD xD
I would have written it on a tortilla... 
Err, you're dog looks exactly like mine. 
I feel like these tacos have cheese on them

At first I thought the dog wanted me to roast him.
I hate you Ron!
Your dog has such good handwriting!
I like the way he draws his heart, a big "m" and completes the bottom with a "v" 
Just to add to the confusion:

Technically speaking, the Berger Blanc Suisse, White German Shepherd and White Shepherd are different breeds with different standards.   Berger Blanc Suisse is recognized by FCI in Europe, the White German Shepherd is recognized by the AKC (although the color is disqualified for show) and the White Shepherd is recognized by UKC.  Having said that, there is a lot of overlap in the history and characteristics of the dogs.

In general, I would place the Berger Blanc Suisse and White German Shepherd on two extremes with White Shepherds in the middle as a transition between them (and depending on the breeder, with characteristics that could resemble either).

Www.danceswithwolvesranch.com/berger-blanc-suisse-white-german-shepherd-white-shepherd/
DINNEK TIME
Boop it
That heart looks like a pair of balls upside down.. enjoy your tacos
*the dog proceeds to eat the wife*
“So began the best summer of my life”
[deleted]
Thought that was my dog for a second 
