“Oh dear, the humans only had one pup. Better be extra careful to watch it.”
Dog: "This sure smells important."
For all the folks commenting on sleeping on back, I can assure you we know and he is on his back; just rolls his head to the side. The pic makes it seem more but 1000% we have him on his back when it’s bedtime. 
Random but I see you went with a pack and play instead of a full on crib. In retrospect, this was the way to go. While a fancy crib is nice to look at the pack and play basically does everything a crib does and is way more versatile and portable. Congrats on the new baby! 
Damn that’s one cute burrito 
Oh this is great! In the hospital right now with our first newborn. Excited/interested to see our dogs reaction to her :) 

Edit: Thanks everyone! Love the support and love on reddit. I’m just over the moon in love right now. Baby girl has daddy completely wrapped around her tiny little fingers already :) my wife and I appreciate the love and advice 
My sister's Australian shepherd would actually come and get my sister and take her to the crying baby.
Why is your baby stuffed into a loaf of bread?
Why is your dog staring at a potato 
Congrats and good luck. We just had our second 3 weeks ago. The first can be a doozy. Try to be patient with everyone in the middle of the night :)
he looks like a baby carrot 
Do you think dogs can sense this is a newborn?

&#x200B;

I feel like its an animal instinct to detect babies
Your baby is adorable, but why is it in a puff pastry?
Please keep these photos and others like it. My dogs where like this with my daughter when we brought her home. The male border collie/retriever mix always was by her side even as she learned to ride a bike and swinging, etc. He would bark if she got to high or was going to fast. Anyway he passed away almost two years ago and my daughter was heart broken but she has so many photos of the two of them together! 
am golden girl -

PROTEC this child

watching him

asleep, so mild

wrapped in gold

he looks so fine

i dream that he's 

a pup of mine

dear babe, together

we will grow

i'll be your friend,

you'll be my bro

someday you'll know

right from the start

i loved you, bro

with All my heart

❤️
I thought the baby was a corn dog under a heat lamp
r/forbiddensnacks
Sorry but my inner dialogue for the dog is

_That's the weirdest burrito I've ever smelled._
Is your child an omelette
She might be confused for if he is looking at a tortilla on a bed because i sure would in this case
It looks likes you wrapped him in an egg
'Did we just become best friends?' - Dog, probably
They are both sooo cute! I love them

Btw, i dont know if you want tipps, it's your first born and i can imagine everyone is like "do this, do that, thats better this way" and you cant hear it anymore. But i saw your baby lies on its belly, make sure it lies on its back because it could happen that the child moves its head to the front and then it cant breath because its lying on its face. i hope i dont go on your nerves, and i dont judge you or say you are bad parents, just saw it and thought it could help you. 
Look it’s Nana from Peter Pan! 
Ah the story of a burrito and her dog! Heartwarming tale of mutual adoration and befuddlement. 
The sweetest. 😍 Also those swaddles with the velcro are the BEST!!! Total lifesavers and way easier to manage when you’re exhausted and changing diapers at 1:00AM.
Nice tight swaddle! That's the way to go!
That human is tiny.
Congrats! I remember those first few days.. Gosh... They dont stay tiny for long.. My. First kid, 7 month old is already sitting up.. Doesn't seem real!
I will protecc u tiny hooman
Ok fellow redditor, please put Lucy up to the screen.  She there?  Good.


Lucy, you are an awesome girl.  Please keep being awesome AF.  Also, make sure the adult humans give you many belly rubs and treats for all of your hard work.  You deserve it.
The bond a dog makes with a small child always amazes me . Will never understand but totally love it ! 
Too cute! Mine always howled when babies cried, which was pretty sweet but also annoying in the middle of the night! 
Just waiting for the opportunity to viciously lick the baby
That swaddle game! 

I didn’t understand how you could be bad at swaddling, but I sure am. 

😔
Not going to lie but baby looks like a wrap and that dog looks like its having moral dilemma :P
Sort by controversial if you want to see a bunch of people who went to college for 8 years to get their degree in dog and child dual parenting. 
Our Golden has been doing this exact same thing with out one month old. He’ll come in and sniff at her crib he also likes to give her kisses which we’re not as big a fan of with her so young. 
This is too precious!  Congratulations on your little one!  ❤️ Lucy is perfect ☺️
I thought your child was wrapped up in kraft cheese singles.
"I will protect this burrito with my life"
This is so sweet but please check out info about SIDS and make sure you never put your newborn to sleep on their front or sides. Congrats and love to the family - not meaning to butt in, just want your baby to stay safe and well. 
What a beautiful pair 😍.
things I learned from this post: dogs are cute and parents are bat shit fucking crazy
I know I'm going to get down votes for this, but all it takes is one quick snap and your baby could really get hurt.  We have dogs and love them as family, but all it takes is one time for an accident to happen.  

We made sure to have complete control of our babies when introducing them to our pups -- we are holding the baby in our arms, nearly fully wrapped in blanket (so doggo can smell the baby, but not necessarily see it) and kept baby close to our bodies.  

I don't want to take away from this beautiful picture -- it's adorable and congratulations!!!!!
The only brother we all need. 
Ok this is ridiculous with the level of cuteness.......
Awe, nanny dog! My best friend's dog would follow my baby wherever he went when I'd go visit. She closely monitored all feedings and diaper changes. She would rest her jowels on the infant car seat if he was strapped in there. 
i love how dogs watch out for babies, its the cutest thing ever 
She looks so in love with him 🥰 very maternal 🐶 
My dogs would come running to me when our baby cried. The big one would look at me like "well? You hear it crying right?".
Your baby AND your doggo are adorable. Nice job makin a little burrito out of bub.
Your baby looks like a mighty bean
Golden retrievers are so loyal and sweet. I’ve never seen anything quite like this though. This is so precious. Congratulations on the baby! 
She wants to play with him!  I remember how our dog reacted with both of my babies when they were newborns.  Just think, in less than a year, your baby will be crawling to your dog, maybe sticking his hands in her food and water bowls, and pulling her fur.  She’ll love it. 
“Why is this egg roll making noise?”
Gosh I thought it was a baguette
That’s adorable and all...but damn does your baby look like a perfect omelette with that yellow blanket 😂


Dog logic:  Two more hands for pets, better make friends.
I believe most dogs have a parental instinct to any little dumpling of a creature. 
“The burrito is whining again.”
"when can we play"

In about 2 years, dogo
"This puppy can't walk"
Good boi protec hooman larvae. Wonder what kind of wings he'll have?? 🐶🐾 
She’s watching a loaf of bread
Our lab looked at us like, "you gonna take care of that thing?" whenever our son started crying.
Awwww big potato taking care of smol potato <3 
Can’t. See. Through. Tears. 
This is so totally cute!!! How pets can show such unconditional love is amazing!! 

The only thing that I have to say is PLEASE put baby on their back sleeping. Especially newborns. Please please. It’s safest for them even if they are swaddled. I hope you see this message OP. Not to freak you out only to give a bit of guidance as a parent themselves. 


[Why back is best. ](https://www.healthychildren.org/English/ages-stages/baby/sleep/Pages/Sleep-Position-Why-Back-is-Best.aspx) 
This is adorable, and I really hate to be "that guy" but that baby should not be sleeping on it's stomach!!😬
Yeah I think he's just hoping he gets some of the omelette
Not to be "that guy" because I hated "that guy" when I was a new father, but isn't back sleeping the preferred way to prevent SIDs?
It's amazing how protective dogs are of babies, it's like they immediately know "this small human is helpless and needs me to watch over it". My mom and dad had a rat terrier when I was a baby that would sleep under the bassinet when I was in it and when anyone came too close that she didn't like she would flip out and go into protection mode.
How precious! Congrats on the beautiful babe!

Funny story, we just got a 5 week old Great Pyrenees this week and named her Lucy. She is spoiled and has been sleeping in the pack n play. My three yr old leans over the side like this, to stare at his precious Lucy and tend to her every whimper :)
This picture makes me anxious, but only because I have a clingy jealous beagle/dachshund mix that I am dreading introducing to the soon coming child. He won't be getting near my infant son
Sorry to be another of *those guys*, but I do think it's important to note that as loving as dogs can be, it's very important not to leave them alone with babies as this had led to tragedy before, even in cases where the dogs weren't at all aggressive usually. The simple fact is that they're carnivores and don't automatically understand that the helpless creature in front of them isn't food. They *can* be trained to realise it's a member of the family and I do believe they're perfectly capable of forming emotional bonds such that they will be very protective, but you really shouldn't gamble on whether they're at that stage with a child's life.

Not suggesting that I think OP's being reckless here or anything, it's just that if there's even a minute chance that a warning could save a life then hell, it doesn't cost me anything to write a comment so might as well.

Edit: I eventually came across a comment reply by OP that they are aware to be careful, so no worries! Congrats and best of luck!
Cute photo! I have the same pack and play and I love it! 
Ha e a one year old daughter and two dogs. The interaction between them are so sweet. 
Omg fuzzy little baby head! Congrats on the new life and the good doggo!!
My family dog did this with me when I was born. She was always by my side. Very protective as I grew up. Was always excited to see me. She died many years ago but I still miss Ellie.
My parent's dog was the same. She was about one by the time my older brother was born. My mom told us a story when my brother was crying in his park and before my mom had time to be there, Chloe our Irish Setter was already there licking his face.
They will be the best of friends. Congratulations on your son. 
Congrats on the youngling! Such a sweet boi. Just looking out for his little brother as he should be...

Congratulations- on the kid and an amazing friend
That look of endearment!
awww this is so adorable this is why I love dogs also congrats on the bambino 😊❤️
Will be best friends for life! Very sweet!
Im in awe at the little size of that lad. It’s like a little yellow pill. 
Gotta make sure all the cubs in the pack are safe. This is incredibly sweet.
Dogs make the best older siblings!
God I wish my wife didn’t have dogs and cat allergies. FML!!!
Dogs are naturally drawn to infant it seems...
So jealous, had to say bye to ours a year prior to having our baby. She would have been the best big sister.
The perfect protector. My old pug would jump on the couch, step over and around my newborn son, lay next to him and snore away.
It never failed to put the kiddo to sleep.

I don’t care what science would say, They know how special that little human is, they know how fragile it is, they know to be gentle, all that. They know.
Do you think dogs can hear and/or smell the infant during the pregnancy? They (for the most part) seem so protective of newborns. 
I remember when our daughter was only a month old our dog pulled a blanket over her since it was a little cold in the house. 

I was kind of proud of her and insulted at the same time. Like she was saying I was not doing my job as a parent. 
Awww, that is so sweet!  And what a cute little peanut!  When my 3rd was a newborn our cat would snuggle with her.  She's always been our animal whisperer!
We just brought home my niece today. Like two hours ago. And Zenobia is doing the same thing. But she’s this tiny little terrier so it’s funny looking. 
Fun fact: Dogs are actually good for a  baby's health, because they expose them to a larger amount of random microbes to strengthen their immune system, kind of like living on a farm, except the farm is living with you.
Congratulations! Cherish him while he's young...the next few months (really 2 years) will be taxing but also some of the best times of your life.
Looks like a baguette 
My dog did the same for about a week until he realized that it does not stop and then ignored her
I have a n 11 week old boy. My 2 Cairn Terriers could not care less about him 😆
Precious. Dogs are amazing and loyal. I have three and they adore my grandson. 
irresistible yet forbidden  burrito
Congratulations, and thanks for sharing such lovely images with us!
That baby looks like a burrito, I’d keep watch too
Dog: "He okay?" 

Also Dog: "....Yeah he okay."
Congratulations Lucy on your new pup <3
My Pomeranian Treasure is like this. When our son cries, she is right there to check on him.  
Your firstborn looks like a taquito. 
He's waiting to make his move. Sworn enemies
I miss swaddling my kid, it was like wrapping the cutest little burrito.
"They got me my own kid, I'm the bestest Dogo ever."
I love them too! Lucy is going to be and excellent caregiver and older sister. What an amazing family you are building. Take care and bless you all. 
My golden would sleep next to my son's crib. And my Russian Blue mix would sleep in the crib with my son. Both were very protective of him when he was a baby. When I had to do midnight feedings, my Goldie would sit next to me while I fed him.
Why is your baby wrapped in what appears to be a bread from Subway?
Why did they burrito this human he is clearly not food
 Heart warmed
No one loves you like your dog loves you
Dogs are great. When my fiance and I moved in, my old boy and her son were immediate best friends to the point he stopped being my dog and would only listen to him.
Ummmm excuse me, you say you have a first born. But all I see is a burrito...
Goldens are the best.  How old is Lucy?  
He's just wondering if it's okay to eat it.
Awwwww the feels in these pictures!! Congrats parents!!
At that moment, doggo became guard doggo.
What a perfect girl.
Careful. Before you know it your kid will behave like a dog 
Little burrito 🥰
I had a dream where my sister had a baby. And my reaction was exact the same. I think at least in my dreams I am going to be a good aunt. 
My little girl sleeps in the same playard! Lifesaver. 
Congrats on your burrito 
My mother had a German shepherd that did this to my baby brother. if anyone but my mother or my mothers mother went near him he would growl and stand over my then baby brother in a protective stance.
Heh the baby looks like a big ol' potato
Amazing
Dogs are awesome 
Truly wonderful.
Wait. You can adjust the PackNPlay to be that high? Our 6 week old is laying about halfway down.
My pups did the same thing when my daughter was born. And they moved into her bed as soon as she was big enough. :)

[https://i.imgur.com/csaVWls.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/csaVWls.jpg)  


&#x200B;
Me watching my pigs in a blanket in the oven at 3 in the morning.
That is so cute
what a cute little burrito!
That's just adorable :3
Does that crib have an adjustable bed height, never seen that before
Yes sir/ma’am.

Commencing loving them in T-minus 3.... 2... 1
That baby is cute! 😍
My mind is just tellibg me thats a loaf of bread with a small head...congrats tho
That baby looks like a Lima bean
We don’t deserve dogs! 
What a cute burrito 
What kind of padding is in that pack and play? Is it a separate baby mattress or something? Looks like a super soft and comfortable cloud! I’d love to get something similar for my babe as well seeing as how he’ll be in my room for awhile in a pack and play of his own (which lacks the comfort yours appears to have) ... if anyone sees this and has any ideas, please lmk!
My dog was the same when I had my daughter. He’d get very worried and whine when she cried. 
It’s amazing how they understand immediately how much this new inanimate but noisy thing means to us
Great instincts on that pup. I think the way dogs are so protective with babies is one of the coolest things about them. 
A DOR A BLE
I swear to god i thought the pic was your dog staring at a hot dog 
I have been having a really rough day and this post just really made me happy. Congratulations on the new baby and be sure to give some good ol scratches to that beautiful pul
"Wow that's a weird burrito"
r/forbiddensnacks
This is so great! Such a good girl!
My friends had an old Golden, 19 years of age, and she could still get around but was partially deaf and almost blind. Slept all day but when the younger, robust collie was out side barking at hikers that went along a trail at the edge of the property,  she would join in too! Duty calls. Then they took in a very sick baby ferret, that dog went on full alert. She really regained a 2nd life watching over that  ferret. Amazing to see from such an elderly dog. 
Littly baby burrito!
'wah' 

OMG TINY HOOMAN IS YOU OKAY
Y’all ever stood by a burrito in a microwave until it was finished?
OMG IT'S A BABY BURRITO
That's so wholesome my heart hurts
What a tiny little bean
My heart and uterus can’t handle this! 
That's a nice burrito you have there. Grats.
Need a fucking surface-to-air missile for all the helicopter parents in this thread.
How presh
“Small burrito human puppy made noise!! Must protect, i good girl’ 
Congratulations on the adorable baby!! 
That is one cute pupper and an even cuter baby burrito.
So you have a built in nanny 🤗🐶💖💗💖💗
I don't know how people aren't terrified at this point to post anything baby related. Or pet for that matter.
It's just overwhelming to think that dogs are the nicest thing ever and now she's even nicer than that plus a cute little baby omg that's just too much cuteness
Swaddles on point! A+++ 👍 
the forbidden burrito 
PLEASE PUT YOUR BABY TO SLEEP ON HIS BACK UNLESS YOU WANT SIDS.
Aw, look at that little human loaf.
Anyone know what dog breed that is?
congrats on the brand new potato! He is so lucky to have such a cool doggo watching over him!

Edit: please don't be offended by the term potato, it is meant with love
This is cute, but is your child wrapped in a tortilla?
I would die for that dog.
To quote an old Donny Osmond song,

"AND THEY CALL IT PUPPY LOVE..."
Dogs are so much better than people. People are savages in comparison. 
Big congrats on your new son. Thank the Creator for your Lucy. Stay safe.
LOOK AT THAT LITTLE CHICKEN NUGGET!!!! PRECIOUS 
He looks like a wad of pizza dough in his swaddler
Cannot express more upvotes: love
tiny hooman makes funny noises..I will watch for Mom
What kinda egg roll is that?
Aaaw my god, that's just a cutest baby burrito I've ever seen I'm gonna cry.
My newborn is 4 months, have similar picture with our golden cocker spaniel mix watching over him. Stuff like that hits me in the feels.
What kinda egg roll is that?
This be the cutest picture I have seen so far today! I'm a pup lover because they define Faithfulness to their Hoomans..! And the other most eye catchy thing in the picture is that cute lil Yellow Taco Bell!! Congrats you both on the new born! He is a precious gift..
Why did I read that like the dog was crying and the baby went to check on it.
My Elkhound would go check on the baby periodically, and every time he came in from outside.  If the baby needed changed, he'd find one of us and snort and shake his head.
*dog thinks it's a burrito
Omg look at that baby burrito. 
Watching a tiny pupper from the pack.
Bitch, I’ve been a master since birth

Got bitches at my side since I came to this earth
😭😭😭😭💜💜💜💜💜💜 our old girl passed just after Christmas did the same with our first.  By the second kid, she hid.  Our oldest is a pistol
The baby is in his own burrito wrap 
This is so awesome. We have 3 children and our pups watched over them so well when they were born. Our last 2 babies were twin boys and our boxer who is no longer with us literally did not leave their bassinets for days when we first brought them home. Dogs are the fucking best. Congratulations to you as well!
That’s one tiny bebe
We don’t deserve dogs. 
I think the four of you are truly Blessed.  Thank you for sharing with us. God Bless Your Family!  Cheers!
Dogs are the best. They fill my heart with so much joy!❤️
Reminds me of my MIL's dog. She met my daughter when she was 5 months old and visiting MIL for a week. That dog was very attached to MIL, but she decided to forego sleeping next to her at night so she could lie down at the foot of the bed we put our portable bassinet  on. As in "I'mma gonna watch this furless pup for you". 🤣🤣🤣

In contrast my cats liked to take naps with my daughter as a baby, until she learned to grasp objects. Then it was "It... It... Grasps!!!! 😬 Retreat! Retreat!". 😂😂😂😂 When we had a repeat baby, they were even wary of napping next to him. They've only come around to the kids now that they're old and calm enough to pet them properly (i.e., gently, no fur pulling).
Idk if this has been said yet but please don’t put your baby on his stomach to sleep! Always on their back..
I know I'm most likely going to get a lot of hate for sharing this, but please do not allow your dog access to a young child even if you believe they are not aggressive. They are still animals and can be unpredictable.

https://childrensmd.org/browse-by-age-group/newborn-infants/dogs-and-babies-dont-mix/
Btw be careful leaving him sleeping like that if he can’t roll himself over yet. The weight of their back cause suffocate the lungs. A couple I know had a baby and she died because she stopped breathing.. just make sure to have him sleep with his back down 
“Must protect!”
Lay that burrito on his back!
This is supposedly exactly what our cat did when I was born. He was apparently really afraid of me when I first came home, and didn’t want anything to do with me. But whenever I was in another room from my parents, he would always go to make sure I was safe (My mom said it was like “He knew you were something important” whichissupersweetthanksmom). Whenever I was hungry or needed something and cried, he would go run to my parents and meow, “The baby needs something! Please help the baby!” I loved that cat so much. He went missing for a few days when I was in preschool — He never came back :(
Dude that baby needs to be on it's back especially in that kind of a swaddle!
Please tell me you are not putting your swaddled baby on its tummy?! A baby is at a very high risk for SIDS when they sleep on their stomach.
Don't let bub sleep on tummy. That's a risk of SIDS. 
Please please please, remember that your adorable furbaby, and bestest good boy in the world, is still an animal and is fighting with his animalistic instincts. Always keep control of him when around a newborn or toddler, so that he doesn't accidentally injure the child in excitement, or attempt to carry the child to you with his jaws, or heaven forbid lash out in jealousy. Keep a closed door between him and the child when you can't watch them both. Also give him the biggest hug for being just so damned good.

Edit: I misread who was which.
Back to sleep. Until he can roll on his own, put him on his back every time. He’s beautiful and she’s a very Good Girl! 
Are you in the US? Here we are told not to put babies face down to sleep. 
I know nothing about dogs or breeds and habits of particular breeds etc but is there no worry at all that the dog could just go for the kid randomly? 
I swear to god we get a post like this every week. People seem to have this fascination with putting massive dogs next to tiny babies.

Keep your huge dog away from your brand new baby.
Just be careful and supervise the two at all times for a while. Sometimes a crying baby can set off the natural prey instincts in dogs and even the best family dog can attack a baby. I say this because it happened to a newborn not far from where I lived, the family dog grabbed and shook their crying newborn and unfortunately the baby did not live. I'm sure your dog is sweet as can be but they are animals and they do have prey instincts.
Are they supposed to be put to sleep on their stomach like that?
awwww
Good dog! 
this is why doggos are the best...
Dogs are too pure for this world ❤️
Burrito baby
Good boy
That's the cutest little burrito that I've ever seen.
Congratulations!
Looks like a baby omelette 
I'm not crying you are! 
This is the sweetest 💗
Such a good girl.
Would not trust a cat this way, and not all dogs either...Goldens are almost all pets nowadays, but I have many, many fond memories of snuggling a big Golden in a duck blind when I was like 9.   Great duck hunting weather my Dad would say ( Rain sideways and 38 degrees, with gusts to 45mph ).

Nice big WARM dog to snuggle up to, until he came back wet...
People that hurt children and dogs are genuine scum of the earth and have no place in modern society. Subhuman savages who should be dealt with swiftly

Just sayin, I like this pic 
“Must protec strange been hooman”
Isn’t it not recommended for the infant to sleep on their stomach?
Put the baby on it's back to sleep. Sleeping on its stomach for a new born is dangerous
Don't let him sleep on his side or stomach like that.
That baby should be on it's back. Cute dog.
Don’t trust animals with babies!
Aren't babies supposed to sleep on their back? Awesome dog
Cue the safe sleep brigade! 

&#x200B;

'I see there might be a piece of fluff in the crib, just a reminder, babies should sleep without ANYTHING ELSE in the crib! <3' - reddit probably
Or she’s making sure that isn’t a burrito. Either way, good girl. 
Congratulations!  Sweet good boy!
Your baby looking like a burrito! Very cute :) 
the baby looks like it's wrapped in a pita
Is there a subreddit for babies wrapped up like that
That's really nice, when my baby cries my dog sits there and starts shaking nervously then gets diarrhea. 
“I’m gonna wait here until tiny hooman can pet me” 
I cant even find the words for how perfect dogs are
Congratulations!
That's so damn sweet. I cried a little.
Truth: Dogs are better humans than people
Look at that little nugget all wrapped up and warm. 
"Your burrito is damp and making alarming sounds. I'll observe this phenomenon and alert you if the situation requires your attention"
You gave birth to a Hot Pocket?
Why does he look like a lego piece with a head lmao
Lil burrito 
It is a bean.

&#x200B;

Must protect the bean.
I Love Lucy! Someone had to do it...
Eek 🤗
So glad that you have a Doggy Poppins
Hey I have the same pack n play as you. And probably the same swaddle.
THE DOGGO IS ADORABLER…AAAGH I’M SORRY IT WAS JOKE I AM RUSSIAN NOW AAAAAAAGGH
So fucking sweet
This is inappropriate but I took a quick glance and thought the baby was a kolache at first. 
This is so wholesome 
Tiny human! Please cease your sombers!
He is soo small and cute:) 
“Dogs! Dogs! Baby! Dogs!”-my internal monologue
Cute lil burrito
awww...and congratulations
I see you are a person of culture as well. We have that exact same pack and play. Our baby however did not like it and refuses to sleep in it. 
Suddenly want a Burritto. 
Question. How did you elevate the mattress? I'm 17 days away from my first born and never thought of this as a bassinet until now, brilliant idea.
r/smol
Forbidden burrito
This is literally my childhood! My old dog, who was also named Lucy, did the same thing with my younger brothers
We dont deserve dogs 😫😫 congrats on the new little man xxx 
I just think secretly your dog is obsessed with Twinkies. 
When I was born, our cairn terrier would watch me and try to bite any family friends who came near me lol. Dogs are amazing.
Baby eggroll 
Your dog makes a good big sister.
Your little bean burrito is so precious 
Such a cute potato! 
Ok so I have a newborn (3:40am 2/27) we have two dogs about the same size that looks at her the same exact way. When she cries they try to get close as possible with her.

So question here! Is it safe? I’m nervous about them jumping on her bassinet or dock-a-tot and hurting her with their weight. Anyone have experience with this? They are both really good dogs and i am not worried about anything intentional. 

Side note: I am a first time parents and probably scared about anything and everything haha
I LOVE THIS!!!!! AWWWWW!!!!
Lucy is a good girl!
My dog darts upstairs the second he hears a little one awaken.
Be careful that baby looks like a pig in a blanket, the dog might get the wrong idea
“Crying gathers, and now my watch begins.”
That's a cute burrito
The bestest girl.
Congratulations. Your son is adorable. Looks like a little peanut all wrapped up like that. 

Now...aren't dogs amazing?  They have no idea nor will they ever know of the positive impact they have on humans.  A simple animal like that has always intrigued me.  It never ceases to amaze me.  
I'm curious, are all dogs like this? If so, why? Seems so odd considering we're entirely different species, yet they have the instinct to care for our young and protect them.

I have a Corgo and I'd be surprised if he wouldn't want to eat my kid if my wife and I have one.
Cutest thing ever :')
that's a bloody good dog
"This am", do you work in healthcare by chance 
The dog has a job now! Dogs want to work!
Lucky boy.
Both of our mutts are fairly neurotic and can be overly protective. We had our first last year and were confident but a little anxious how they'd react. They both adopted our little girl into our pack no questions asked from day 1. She turns 1 this month and has started walking, and any trip, fall, head bump, unusual cough, gag, cry or other issue they are right there to check on her and offer kisses. Your golden will be an amazing sibling I'm sure. Congrats on your growing pack!
So precious. My faithful old Dachshund watched over our newborn son like a hawk too. I have some amazing pictures. My Dachshund passed away when my son was 9 months old, but I’m glad he got to meet my son.
He protecc
Is this a good girl?
Good dog
So much love in this picture.   Lucky you - beautiful bundle and sweet puppy. I'm sure your puppy can't wait to have so many adventures with your little one. Congrats! 💝
Forbidden burrito
Why have you wrapped the baby in a flatbread?
Awwww so adorable 
Labs and goldens are the best!
Love them both! ... but the dog a bit more.
I recommend looking into an owlet. It gave my wife and I so much piece of mind. It's a pulse sock, and it is designed quite well. I couldn't imagine not having it! [https://owletcare.com/?c3apidt=[*KeywordIDNL*]&gclid=Cj0KCQiAzePjBRCRARIsAGkrSm6wfSA-C_lTSqIl6ojRSyuVAeCYxUbxjVzdI0wi_yrrM4r3MJWmdUsaAij4EALw_wcB](Website)

Edit: fuck, I can't figure out the damned hyperlink thing.
What a cute bean! So happy for your beautiful family. 
Presh. 
Child Omelet
So sweet!!!
We dont deserve dogs. 
This makes me heart happy
Dogs always show the purest forms of love❤️
Our dog does the same thing. And when someone not us tries to hold her he gets super nervous and is very attentive to make sure she is safe. Love dogs with babies!
Do we need any more proof that dogs are just the best
Beautiful family!
I love dogs. They’re the best. 
Oh man...we had a golden retriever when I was a kid who would have been the best baby sitter. She lived to take care of everyone 💗
Oh what a cute Lil baby, baby looks too tiny or is it the angle of the photograph?
Dog : “omg this is a crying burrito”
Oh my gosh!!
This is the cutest picture and the cutest comment thread! Thanks Reddit! 
The absolute floof on that doggo
My golden retriever/border collie is super protective of my 1 year old nephew. She constantly chases the cat(Roland the assassin)away from him. 
I used to have a dog named Lucy. Best name(dog) in the world.
We don’t deserve dogs and how good they treat us hoomans.
What a weird burrito
adorable ☺️
So beautiful! I love animals and I know as bad as having a pet goes dogs and cats are amazing! Alas! My family will not let me have a pet as they are scared :(
Holy crap I wasn’t prepared for this level of cute today. 
Congratulations! What a pair of cuties
So sweet! What an adorable little burrito. Congratulations on being new parents ❤️
I have almost the exact photo down to the crib/playpen.  Dogs are fun!
Serious question as I've been seeing scenarios like this pretty frequently. What are dogs actually doing or thinking here and why do they behave this way?
Dog: "Why does that loaf of bread have a head growing out of it"

Gotta appreciate the beautiful things in this world
My Lab was the same. We don’t deserve dogs.
"Oh, no. This puppy has no tail."
Dammit. Upvote 
He is so adorable, he looks like a little burrito
On first glance I thought this baby was sleeping in the kitchen sink. 
Awe! That baby looks like a caterpillar in the midst of making a cocoon. ♡
We don't deserve dogs
We used to take our dog to the dog park all the time and he got along great with the other dogs.  First time we went after having a baby and taking her with us our dog was extremely hostile to any dog that got nearby.  It was cool that he was so protective, but unfortunate since we didn't go back to the dog park after that.  I miss our bloodstone circle.
Why did you wrap your baby in what appears to be puff pastry? may need to contact cps because it would appear that you are about to cook your baby. 
Aaaw i would take them Into bed with us (my gf) 
Congratulations! Your family is beautiful!
Forbidden Burrito
This is super cute! We are expecting our first baby in May. I wanted to ask, it looks like you are using your pack n play as a bassinet (I have that same pack n play). But that mattress you have in it looks much better than the mat it came with. Did you buy a mattress for the pack n play to be able to use it as a bassinet?
Congrats on your little burrito! 
The best boy!!! Dogs are the best
What a pooch!

Congratulations familia, en hora Buena!
That dog looks so soft and fluffy. 
Humans don't deserve dogs 
What a little peanut, and you can already see the bond these two will have. Much love to you and your newest addition!
Sleep well little human...sleep well...
What a beaut! 
Good girl Lucy!
I have a shepherd/golden mix. Whenever my daughter would cry she would go check on her and then come find me to tell me the baby needed me.
It was extra funny that she would come get me even if Dad was trying to calm her down.  She’d look at me like:
“No, you’re the one with the food! Fix it!”
aw look at that little baked potato
Our Chihuahua did the same thing for the first 5 days our daughter came home. He would not sleep just be close to her. Finally on the 6th day he gave in and finally got some sleep.
“I really want that burrito”
Adorable 😀
Damn good swaddle technique
My youngest was born early and had to stay in the NICU.  When I was released j brought home one of his hats so our GSP could smell him to get used to the smell.  She carried it around and cried and would look for him.  When we brought him home she was overjoyed.  She would lay and just just watch him.  I love dogs.
He looks like a stuffed dough 
Me and my partner are expecting our first in june. Im hoping my 2 year old boy is aswell behaved around him as lucy!
A human tic tac!
Is one of the parents a burrito? Your child looks half burrito.
That baby looks like it was wrapped in a biscuit and baked until golden brown.
Guard pup
Is *every* female dog named "Lucy"?
Dogs have the coolest reaction to newborns 
The baby looks like a mummy dog... 
As humans we barely deserve the love of a dog.  That babies innocence is absolutely deserving of that love. :)
Is that baby wrapped in an omelette?
This broke my heart in a really fabulous way. Thank you for posting it!
That Doggo probably reacts to babies the same way we react to little puppers
Is it just me or does this baby look like a burrito under a heat lamp
Lol
She looks quite a lady! Well both of them do. All the best OP
I glanced quickly and thought your son was a loaf of bread and that you were talking about the dog, so I rolled my eyes, and then I noticed how sentient the bread was, and I've never felt worse in my life so I'm sorry.
This is awesome! Also great job on keeping your little one is safe in their sleep space. New parents note; no pillows, stuffed animals, or lose blankets in the crib. Warm jammies and a swadling blanket or sleep sack are all that should be in crib with a newborn 
"He looks like a burrito..."
So precious 💕
I remember my newborn was inconsolable the first night we brought her home. My pit just sat by her crib whimpering. I eventually kicked her out because I couldn't deal with the dog and baby crying. She then sat outside my door whining
I first thought your baby was a potato 
Why is the baby in a calzone 
Wait wait... is that a baby or a burrito??
I have a bad feeling my dachshund will like attack our future child. He’s so stubborn at times. 
Awww they’re so adorable, Miss Lucy is a wonderful protector. I see a wonderful friendship here.;)
If you're not careful the baby is going to think the dog is it's mother, then there will be this long drawn out process which inevitably leads to the fall of Rome. 
Literally what did we do to deserve dogs?
So kinda cool...I had a Golden named Lucy when I was growing up, I'm due to have my first born any day now and I just put together the exact same pack and play last night!!
Is snack?
Good doggie, my dog did this too and I swear he had bags under his eyes. 
We dont deserve dogs
I have a 4 year old male rottweiler and my wife is due to give birth to our first child in April. I've been curious what to expect from our dog. 

He's a great dog. I've never had any behavioral issues with him, and we worked very hard to train him right ever since we got him at 8 weeks old. Regardless, I cant help but feel a little nervous about it.
which taco bell did you get that burrito from
Why is it in a croissant?
This is so sweet!
How are peoples rooms this clean. With animals indoors even. This staged ?
No Man, Woman or Child had ever had a Better Friend that a Good Dawg !
I, too, love them both. 
Dog: "is anyone going to eat this burrito?"
"This loaf of bread is crying!?"
Does anyone else think that the baby was wrapped in a loaf of bread? 
I will guard your burrito. Guard it with my life.
Hehe he wants to gobble that little burrito up eat the food good doggy
is it ever dangerous allowing a pet alone with a newborn?
My mom had a Golden Retriever when I was born.  She did the same thing!  Any time I fussed or made a noise she would run to my room and check on me. If my mom was napping and I made a noise she would wake my mom up and guide her to me lol .  That dog ended up being my best friend.  Waited patiently at the driveway for me to come home from school.  Sat under the table as I ate my snack and did my homework and hung out in the yard as I played with the neighborhood kids.  Great Dog, I miss her 
I was hoping that our dog would have the same interaction with our children, but instead she thinks they are too loud. She leaves the room when they walk in.
I thought it was a big hot dog at first glance
That is one perfectly swaddled baby. 
Someone is gonna have a best friend to grow up with!
That baby is swaddled! I don’t have any children and I just learned about swaddling recently. Baby and pupper = adorable. 
Your kid looks like a croissant, but that just makes it even cuter
This is such a lovely post. One of many pics of lifetime friends. 
My dad has a husky mix that tried to eat me as a baby. They gave it away. 
u is smol. i am protec. nite? dey? no matters. i stay watch. 
Awwww thαt ѕwєєt! twσ cutíєѕ ín α pσd!
Bestest Girl
What a cute lil bean! Congratulations to Mom, Dad, and Aunt Lucy.
Our dog did that for our first kid. But when the second one was born, he started peeing in the house :(
Apparently he would only tolerate one kid.
My dog is also called lucy :D
You're lucky. My dog shit all over the place. Did not like not being the center of attention, he got used to it.  
11/10 best species on the planet 
We have a 10 week old puppy. He is normally psycho and jumping around before bedtime. We were watching some movie and a baby was crying. He perked up and walked towards the screen. Little angel. Must be a doggo pupper thing. Beautiful family!!
This is the type of news I need more of in my life. 
My sisters pup hated kids and actually bit one of our cousins before. They were worried he would hurt the baby.. 

That dog would do anything for the baby. So cool to see other species show love.
That is one proud big sister. You could cross post this  to r/dogsmirin cuz she mirin her baby bro hard. That is pure love and adoration. He is gonna have the best est bud in the world. 
/r/DogsWatchingBabies
Congratulations 
My dog raised me like his pup once I was born. I still can't walk in a straight line properly because he taught me how to walk, and he would zig zag everywhere.
r/lookatmykid
Who's the best girl?!?!
The key to upvotes is dogs and babies
I really want to have a dog one day but I'm too scared that if I have a newborn the dog will be dangerous? Is there a way to prevent a dog from harming a baby or is it just as is? 
Hooman puppers is making weird noises again
You gave birth to a burrito. 
Most people take the bassinet route for newborns but I see you opted for crib for ants option 
Legit thought it was one of those breakfast wrap pancake things....pretty sure the dog thinks so too.
I've had two kids and I'm stumped, can you please explain what "cried silently" is?
"Is that a burrito?  That burrito is making a sound.   I'll watch the burrito until is wakes.  This burrito smells funny"
"I am very concerned about this."
human burrito
Looks like an omlet.
Smol babby
Your baby looks like it's wearing a banana peel
I had to look twice. I thought the dog was looking at a corn dog. 
Glad Lucy has a new hobby I was fed up watching her lick her arse XD. Congratulations. 
Aww, what a cute tiny burrito.
Really wholesome and cute, but for a 5 days old it’s actually dangerous because of diseases. Be careful and congrats for the baby!
Congrats! Lucy <3
10/10 good doggo 
Not gonna lie. Looks like a dog keeping an eye out for the Snausage!

All kidding aside, mine did the exact thing but unfortunately it happened before the world of reddit....so maybe it didn't even happen. Hmmm.
The best of doggos
How beautiful. Our 2 labs were guard dogs for our son as well. Enjoy! 
Smol baby is smol
Is that a mattress for a pack n play?  Where can I find this? 
*Baby starts crying
Lucy: "If i stare hard enough at him... then...he.. has to... stop" (concentrates)
A+ burrito wrapping skills.
22233w3
I thought it was a burrito https://i.imgur.com/5BsqeAs.jpg
I protecc lil hooman 
We dont deserve dogs 😭
That's just about the most adorable thing I have seen all day, thank you for sharing! Much love!!
I’m not crying, your newborn is! 
Very good doggo
But obviously the dog more
Doggies know people puppies...
What a weird banana
Moar pictures!!!
That is one good dog.
Nothing more precious. Congratulations!
I love Lucy
awweee....he looks like a little peanut! 
"Guess I'm gonna need to guard this tiny human now."
What a nice little bundle of bread you have there.
Beautiful 
You gave birth to a pretezl bite.
"You gonna eat this?"
I love dogs but I would never leave a new born where a dog has access to them and can potentially do them farm. 
Congrats on the little baby. Just a question, how come you guys are home so quickly after birth?

Golden retrievers are great dogs. My family had two when l was young. I would love to have one but l live in an apartment and my wife doesn’t like dogs.
I still sleep on my belly!  "Apbea",perhaps???
She's just smelling to see if he shit
My fat ass thought the dog was staring at a baked roll
Awesome 
Please put your baby on its back to sleep. SIDS isn't completely understood, but it is very much thought to be related to sleeping positions which are not supine.
Why does that dog remind me of the bear, from "Bear in the big blue house"? 
So sweet 
Congratulations OP! To naysayers insisting baby can't roll: placed my week-old baby on her tummy (35 years ago, and that was considered safest from SIDS back then!?) on a full size bed, in the middle, about two feet from the headboard with pillows stacked on the sides of the mattress. She wasn't swaddled back then we only did that if baby was crying. Left the room, soon heard a thump. Somehow she had fallen off the foot of the bed and flipped onto her back with her feet pointed away from the bed. We rushed her to ER, they were amused at our panic. The floor was padded & carpeted & the bed was about 2 1/2' tall. Never figured out how she managed to be so gymnastic so young. We were more careful after that and our children survive to this day.
Why is your baby wrapped in an omelette?
Awww
"Dogs shouldn't be aroud babies! It's dangeous!"
Yea that's just bullshit, as long as you have a well trained dog! Which it seems like you have!

Congrats on the baby! :)
He's just looking at that big burrito you put in the crib for some reason.
i thought the baby was sleeping on an air hockey table for a moment
This potato is noisy. 
Your kid looks like a cheeto
Good girl 
We don’t deserve dogs.
Here's a message from an ER doc that everyone should read:
https://childrensmd.org/browse-by-age-group/newborn-infants/dogs-and-babies-dont-mix/
BFFL! Best friends for life 😊
That was so cool!
But, way to be a tear jerker!😹
anyone else think the baby was in a sink for a sec?
That is now the doggo's baby. My aunt's dog would keep a constant watch when her kids were born and the dog made sure he approved of the people going near the crib
You still need to make sure the dog does not suffocate and/or eat your child. 
Forbidden burrito
[removed]
