Awww! She likes to exercise with you. What an awesome training buddy!
How awesome! Usually when my pets "help" me exercise, I am attempting floor work and they are climbing onto my chest/tummy/face. 😐
This wheel seems like a great idea for indoor cats.
[deleted]
If you have multiple cats, [these wheels can get competitive.](https://i.imgur.com/EuGCwh2.gifv)
This is so wholesome. ❤️
Thank you all so much, for the lovely comments and gold and whatnot!  I’m glad so many other people love my sweet Pippa!  There are a lot of questions I thought I’d try to answer in one go:

1. I bought the wheel from [One Fast Cat](https://onefastcat.com/cat-wheel?gclid=Cj0KCQiAtvPjBRDPARIsAJfZz0onGFQeEG6vz7zgldjfrMAo4HiZSDjntat3-Z8jng9WSU2vyKV1cbIaAu8lEALw_wcB).  They’re typically $199, but it went on sale on Black Friday for $150.

2. Pippa was 6 months old when I bought the wheel.  She is very active and toy-motivated.  Running a feather toy or laser light over it got her accustomed to the movement when she ran over it, and within a week, she started running on it of her own free will (though she goes much faster when a laser light is on it!).  My 5-year-old food-motivated cat refuses to have anything to do with it to this day.  I’ve had it for about a year-and-a-half and it’s holding up well.

3. Pippa was a stray, so I have no clue as to her lineage, but my vet says she’s a lynxpoint Siamese (which is like a Siamese/tabby mix).  

4. I mentioned in the comments that I have a video where Pippa over-exerted herself after eating and threw up on the wheel.  I’ll upload that shortly and link it here for those who don’t get grossed out too easily :) [here ya go, ya sickos](https://www.reddit.com/r/awwwtf/comments/axeie7/pippa_is_the_best_workout_buddy_until_she_loses/) 
So, I just confirmed that /r/CatsMirin is a thing.
I so badly want one of these for my zippity kitty. I just keep waffling because I'm not fully convinced she'll use it, and if she does do I really want to listen to her using it at 4am when she gets her morning zoomies?

Edit - aaaaaaaand order placed. Between Amazon completely losing their birthday presents, and my zippity kitty losing her mind while her sister was gone to the vet for an hour, it's worth a try. I think once I get zippity past her standard initial anxiety reaction it should work out for her, and if her sister likes it that will be some extra motivation. 
That's wonderful that you and your cat stay in shape together.
*We’re in this together.*
[deleted]
I can't imagine how good shape you must be in with a workout buddy like that.  Totally jelly.
She looks like she’s trying to encourage you to keep going!! I love cats so much!!
"I exercise with you"

Omg this is too cute. 
Not to be dramatic or anything, but I’d fucking die for this cat
"But after this, we're eating meow mix."
"See, I can walk in place too. You're not special, Karen."
Cat: Even though you aren't walking anywhere. I'm going to follow you not walking anywhere

&#x200B;
She's like: look Mommy, i am doing the same as u!
Woah that tail is awesome lol.  So puffy. 

I need to build one of those wheels some day, looks like fun for the cat. 
ty for the smile today
My cat and I are like this, except she likes to pee in my sink while I pee in my toilet... she also sweetly holds eye contact with me as she does it. 
Yes but who can reach the horizon first ?
Are you sure she's not judging you? Joking, she's a beauty that doesn't want her hooman to workout alone. 
She’s like humanz am I doing this right 
OMG her tail ❤️
 ♫  ♪ Makin' my way downtown... ♫  ♪ 
Love this. Where did u get that wheel?
Where did ya get the Wheel very cool 
That is a happy tail 🐱
On the cat walk
Your hamster is ENORMOUS.
I'm pretty sure most quadrupeds walk on their toe(s), but cats manage to walk like their toes have toes.
That’s so sweet! It makes me miss my kitty (although he isn’t as fit as this gal)
What kind of cat is she? She is so adorable 😭
Where does one buy said “cat wheel”!?
Aww need one of these for mine two :D 
I watched this for 3 minutes before realizing it was a 9 second loop.
Careful removing that stain. Instead of spot remover, which could discolour carpet fibers, use an APC and plenty of agitation. And lastly vacuum the moisture.
Is this the same cat from r/awwtf that got sick?
Aaand then she pukes..
I hate cats, but that is really fuckin adorable.

Maybe I'm coming around. 
Awesome 
You are one lucky SOB.
Look dad/mom, I’m exercising too! 
A good exercise partner counts for a lot!
My cat uses the litter box when i go to the bathroom in the morning. That’s basically the same thing. 
She's working out with you!
Her shadow purs it altogether for me
My cat is a bit older(12) and she's quite overweight, with a big ole' belly. I wonder if she'd get on this thing and give it a go to drop some lb's.
Why is her shadow moving faster 
She’s like I know the struggle , insane love here 
Where can I get one!! I wanna get a cat and would love to get one of these for said future cat. 
That's not a cat. Thats a hamster. 

JK, that's awesome that you have a pet that holds you to your exercise regimen. 
That cat absolutely loves you, what a sweetheart. That is some happy body language. She is beautiful!! What a great exercise buddy 
What is that cat wheel, please? 
I love that feather plump tail!!!!
I love how her head stays in the same position!
You think you're hot shit KAREN? Look at me go.
Had a 9 mo kitten, wracked out my back and had to nightly floor exercises to strengthen/loosen.  Cat would lie down on her back near me and follow me as I did exercises on my back....her little eyes going back and forth upside down to see what I was doing.  Then when I flipped over to do exercises on my stomach (e.g. donkey kick), she'd roll over and follow me again.  She was a very fat cat and could have used some exercise but she'd just watch, like she was keeping track of me but wasn't going to strain herself.
Oh my gosh, she could be twins withy baby girl! https://imgur.com/a/LVHVsZD/
My cat pissed on my umbrella and then walked up to me for some petting.
Is this the same cat I saw puke all over the floor and her wheel in a video posted on reddit? 
My cat chases her tail while I'm exercising.
Very adorable 
This is the cutest damn thing. 
Definitely getting one of these as soon as I have more space! And, what a beautiful cat!! ♥️♥️
Never ending gif
I could watch this all day.
She trying to figure out how to get closer to you...so she can kill you.
Gah, my heart is melting too. 💗
what kind of cat is this i want 
Gimme this kitty pls 
Your cat's shadow looks like a cartoon! 
didn't even know they made wheels for cats
She is gorgeous! 😍 
r/perfectloops
So cats actually use those?  Interesting.
I need one of those. My Halle is a tubster.
Not a problem now (and may never be if this is her full size) but just wanna mention something I learned about my cat and wheels!!

Once they get big enough/if the wheel is too small you'll notice their body curving a bit (back in a a slight u shape/back is dipping in the middle instead of straight) then you need a bigger wheel. Literally nobody ever told me this before and I had 0 thought about it being an issue but it can cause spine problems in our lil furry pals D: So always a good thing to keep an eye on!


Your lil gal is a cutie!
How adorable!!! 
“How am doing? Is this good? Do you like it?”
I've wanted one of these cat wheels but I heard that lazy cats won't stop being lazy just because you put it in the house.
gah! so cute! i love how social some cats are. mine always flops around on the floor with me while i'm working out. never one to be left out 
J have idea for a new "loading" icon..
No freaking way! That is awesome! 😂😂♥️
Do you have any idea what the breed is because my cat looks EXACTLY like yours. 
I just got one of these wheels set up, and thus far my cats are terrified of it and have to be coaxed just to touch it.

I've tried playing with them (I've got a lunge whip with a bundle of feathers on the end that flies around and gets pounced on quite nicely) and moving the toy onto it but as soon it lands there they go from chittering madly and racing around to sitting down looking at it, unwilling to even touch the toy they were just trying to tackle.

How did you do it?
Stains next to the wheel your cat must go hard and blow chuncks all over 
Is there a way to trial one of these? I’d hate to buy it and have my cat look at me all “you’re the fat fuck...”
The way shes looking at the camera.. thats a cute cat okay
How do you post things on home page? New to this website.
La,5the 6aap ...we was qlr li s 1a]
Omg my cat needs one of these!!!!
TIL that *cat walking treadmill exists *
I'm betting she would tell us that the way you look at her makes her heart melt... 
What is this cat wheel sorcery I have just seen?
Pretty girl!
I love her!
I don't think I've ever seen anything cuter.
That tail!! 😍😍😍
How you feeling hooman?
Hey
"We can do this together, mom."
In my last apartment, litter box was in an alcove on the other side of the sink away from the toilet.

My cat looked at me just like this when, once in a while, we were both pooping at the same time.

(I am not kidding.  😹)


She is so pretty! The exercise will help her too as indoor cats tend to be overweight.

My female cat looks at me the same way sometimes. 
She looks so damn sexy lmao...How old is she  now?
I could watch this for hours
WHAT AN ACTUAL ANGEL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!💛💛💛💛
Someone please make an endless looping smooth .gif of this.  
I tried, but couldn't find a way on Android. If someone know how, please let me know of a good way to edit .gif's! Thanks!!
i love how her fur is mostly light and her tail is a long black poof 😍 so precious, what a pal
#Congrats on making it into the top 200 most upvoted posts on this sub!

Here's a little secret: >!You're cool and you have a cool cat :)!<
That is a support glare. It means you fed me and made me this way but you must exercise too mom/dad 
She's getting in shape so she knows she can catch and kill you
That fluffy tail😍
Haha I would exercise to this!
We'll go nowhere together!
My cat is my peebuddy...Just sayin'...
How did you get your cat to use it?  When I had cats they were afraid of EVERYTHING they felt didn't belong there.  
I wonder if it's ok for a dog to use??
This is the cutest freaking thing ever!

You & your cat are awesome!
My lord that cat loves you. r/catsmirin 
My cats are my coworkers, but now I really want them to be my workout buddies! 
Aww she's like you can do it! 
Even her reflection is adorable 😫
Such a pretty kitty!!
Where can I sign up for this gym package? 
I need to encourage mine human to keep health so he works to buy me food.
Both going nowhere together.
u/laughnessie
I can still see where she threw up on the carpet...
My cat likes to sit on my girlfriends face. Complete opposites
That is such a beautiful kitty and she looks at you with so much love! And that tail! So adorable. 
That’s quite the epic wheel, like something out of Contact or Stargate
It's like a dream. Infinitely taking a walk with your buddy who's lovingly staring 😌
her tail is EPIC 🤘
I'm in love with your cat.
Awe she wants to be just like you when she grows up 😭
it seems like she is cheering you up with your exercise. 
I want my cat to look at me like this 
Is this the same cat that yakked on it
Perhaps it could be configured to generate electricity?
The best exercise partner anyone could ask for 😍
Was your cat naturally drawn to using it? I know all cats will be different, but my biggest fear is purchasing this and having my little buddy never use it :P
Is this the same cat that yacked all over the floor further up on the front page?
#Praise be to the newest Champion of Reddit, u/ihaveananecdote4u!

[Let us not forget the Champions of yore...](https://www.reddit.com/r/ChampionsOfReddit/)
So this is how I can get my cats to finally use it lol. I put my Siamese on it and he walks for like 5 seconds and then falls over and wants his belly pet 🤣
This video made me sad because your cat looks exactly like my old cat who passed away. I don’t think about her too often since her brother keeps me occupied but this just brought everything back 
You might both be going nowhere on your machines, but at least you are going there together.  So adorabel!  I agree that look melts hearts
Does she run even faster when your not recording? 
Is this the same cat that threw up from walking on the wheel in another video? Because if so.. relatable.
Awwwwww beautiful cat!
She’s adorable and dedicated to the grind. Love it 
"I'm here for ya, buddy."

\--Cat, probably
She’s so sweet!
This cat is awesome.
This is the cutest thing I’ve ever seen!!
awwwww so cute 
Hooman where we going?
Where's the puke ending from yesterday's gif?
Is this the puking cat?
Best gym buddy
I’m watching the little kitty shadow and cracking up twice as hard
Why can’t I zoom in gifs, I wanna see that cute face up close 😭
Her face is like: hooman, how do escape this hell, you help me!! 

She's so adorable
I want to see her RUN full force!
omg I love your kitty. I feel like mine would want to do this, but then end up sleeping on it.
What brand is your wheel?
Look at that tail :) so happ
Did they make it out of a used tire?
That's awesome to have a workout partner. 
Our cats love the wheel! They fight over it.
I'm actually crying
That tail! <3
I've been considering getting one of these for my super energetic cat. How hard was it to teach your cat to use it?
She's a cuttie
I would work out a lot more often if my kitty was my gym buddy 😭💕
“Summer’s just around the corner Becky, we gotta get this winter weight off”
There's a tuna on the end of that wheel!
Her eyes says *notice me!* That floofy tail is adorable.
How long have you had the wheel?  Is it study?  I'm considering one, they're pricey, though.
“Ok, we do dis now.”
I’ve thought about getting one of these but they are PRICEY and there’s no guarantee da kitteh will use it.
Purr love
My heart. 
This has some perfect loop possibilities if it's cut correctly.
"You’re next, Karen."
Did you buy this one or make it? I really want one for my cat, but I think my husband could make one for cheaper than the online price.
She’s beautiful lovely company. 
I love this and I love you 
The shadow looks like a talking bird
💕
awww!
If we bought one of these, the box would be the only thing the cats played with. 
These things are expensive
So cute, love it.
She's gorgeous.
She's planning out your murder fyi
omg are u kidding me. my heart 
My wheel remains dusty and ignored. 😾
Does the cat wheel provide electricity?
My cat gets scared if I'm on the treadmill, but if I'm doing other exercises he's glued to my side.
I wish someone would look at me like this.
That wheel must cost fourteen cents, because as we all know, a cats interest and use of anything purchased for them is inversely proportional to its cost. 
Is she a Lynx Ragdoll? Identical to my cat! 
This is adorable. So adorable. 
So precious 😍
My family bought one for our three cats.

Hasn't been used once at all, but they do prefer the giant box that the wheel was shipped in.
You can do it human! ^^
She’s beautiful! I love it when kitties give that look like you’re the most important thing in their whole world. 
exercise buddies!
Where can I find this to buy? My fatboy would love this!
So cute😍
She loves you so much i’m crying 😭😭😭
OMG WHERE DID YOU FIND THE CAT SIZED HAMSTER WHEEL?!?! 
How much electricity could this cat wheel produce if hooked to a generator?
Wish my cats would do that.  They're really fat cats. 
Omg I usually dislike cats but yours is amazing!! So supportive!
<3333333333333
What a fit and healthy cat. Maybe this cat should be the personal trainer for r/chonkers 
r/Catsmirin
That's a real cute cat
2001: A Cat Odyssey 
That look says that you are both her hero and her fitspo. What more could a cat parent want?
> "Look mommy, I'm doing it too!"
Where did you get yours? How much weight does it hold? I think I might get one for my cat
Who makes this cat wheel? I want one!
Where did you get that wheel? I think my cat would love that!
What kind of cat is this??? Do you know?! He looks exactly like my cat.
This is great, is this something they sell in the stores, and do they make it big enough for dogs?
That's the cutest thing ever!!!
I need to get one of these! 
Sassy (Tao)?! IS THAT YOU?!


Her tail is spectacular! I’m completely mesmerized by it. Also - she looks so happy and beautiful! Thank you for sharing! 
I've never seen one of those before, but I think I should totally build one for my pitbull. She's got so much energy that even walking her 10 miles a day, she's still in "play" mode long after I'm exhausted and I end up giving her a lavender and chamomile treat that makes her sleepy when all my get-up-and-go must've got-up-and-went and I just don't have it in me anymore 
I have one of those how you get her to walk on it 
"We can do it together huuuuuman" 
r/likeus
Were in this together,  Karen .
Where did you buy this?
I wanted to get one of these for my cat then I found out that the curve of the wheel is actually really bad for their spines and can cause back problems 
Where do I find these wheels?
I want to get a wheel for my kitties. But I'm so afraid they won't use it.

How old is your little fluffball there?
Your heart health be my heart health I love you. We will grow very old with lots of health together. 
\#relationshipgoals
Lola?
My cats would probably murder me in my sleep if I brought that home
My cat hates me. She wouldn’t even look at me like this 😭
omg so cute 
Where did you get that wheel? And how did you train her to use it? 
Would you be able to tell if this gif was reversed?
My cat comes over when I'm doing yoga and waits for me to get into all fours for downward facing dog or the like and then goes underneath me, lays down, rolls onto her back and stretches all four paws out making it impossible for me to go back down on the ground without either squishing her or breaking my routine to relocate to another spot - where she follows me and does the same thing.
Same look my wife makes at me, walking into the bedroom stripping off her clothes. 
What breed?
Workin on my fitness she's my witness. 😼
That tail!!! ❤️
How did you train your cat to use it? My little guy (the one with the energy to burn) looks exactly like your Pippa, but both my cats refuse to even stand on it! 
Looked on YouTube and tried the treats and toys but no luck yet. Maybe I just need to be more vigilant and consistent?
/r/bottlebrush
Hey what kind of cat is this ? We have a stray that looks identical 
How much was that cat wheel? :)
“I’m gunna catch ya”
This belongs in /r/bettereveryloop

That is a very pretty kitty 
Wonder what she is thinking... 
MY HEART! What a precious baby
How did u get him to use the wheel? I bought one for mine but he barely looks at it
That tail though!
Look at that floofy tail😍
My kitty would look at me while walking on her wheel as well.  I always wondered if she thought she was trying to walk to me but not knowing why she couldn't.
At first glance, I thought she had clothes on. Then I realize that's just her fur. What breed is she? She's so cute! 
Cutiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeeeee! 
That's a weird-looking hamster
I cant beleive a cat would actually WANT to do this.. Lol.. Love cats but most are so lazy.. Especially during the day.. How much are these?
This is the best

Where did you get this wheel? I have an obese cat I'd like to put on one.
Your cat is gorgeous 

What kind is she? 
I think something's wrong with your hamster.
Nothing beats an adorable workout buddy <3 
"Come on, we can do this!"
Oh my this is so cute
Dude that wheel costs $500 on Amazon
My grandcats really need this. They are pawsitively rotund. 

&#x200B;
Ugh 😍 she is puuurfect!!
Cat. 
She's staring you down to assess your weakness while she flaunts her physical prowess right in your face.
On the cat walk, on the cat walk, I shake my little toosh on the cat walk.
Me too, damnit 
True and pure. She's beautiful 🐾💕! 
It's the tail for me. The tail shows the love!
Awwwwwww
I thinl we have the same cat. Except mine is lazy. http://imgur.com/utxu4ow
Finally, a good use for the cat-face emoji!
My cat would do yoga with me. He’d lay on my mat so I started laying out my old mat for him and he’d roll around on it while I was on mine. 
Omg that tail! What a sweetie 
"I want to exercise with you mama!"
Thats a dog
She looks so eager for approval, it's heartmelty. *Are you proud, papa? I work out with you!*
She’s so cute ! She’s look at you like “ you got this hooman ” ❤️😭
meow meow it’s a p u s s y 
This is the sweetest thing ever. 
How much is one of these wheels and where do you get it? Also how hard is it to get your cat to walk on it? I feel like mine wouldn't use it
Where do I get one of these? 
Love the rag dolls 
So near, yet so far
/r/catsmirin
Wow I did not know such a contraption existed, that’s pretty cool. 
Either the look of "See mom, I does it too!" or "I see what you are doing human. I am cat, I am always watching. I too will increase my strength and agility. Believe me, you won't be outpurrrforming me, or out-running me." hard to tell which with a cat.
Where do you get one of those?
Makes my heart melt too lol. She is beautiful! 
Stop! I can hardly get my dog to walk with me lol
!pvst
hhhh. so cats will become the new hamsters.
My cat sits and judges me while I’m on the treadmill. It’s like the same thing, right? 
:(
Cat twins:
http://imgur.com/Mb1du4P
He died last summer. 
Does she go fast on it?
Cute
We're Walking--together!
That’s so cute 
Where did you get this !?
That's so adorable
Oh what a pretty kitty
What breed?
Soooooo cuuute!!!!!!!!!
/r/Catsmirin
Is this a thing? My cat is really fat. Will he go on this if I get one?
What a little fluffy butt she is
Look I’m doing your thing, hoomen 
Camarderie at it's finest
Very pretty kitty 🐱 I love it
That’s one fluffy puss 
You are very blessed sir
What a well-behaved cat... what's her name?
The newest iteration of Axel from Twisted Metal: Cardboard Box Royale
Heart-melting.exe has finished running.
How much are one of these and how do you train them to use it? 
Omfg, I cannot fricken deal😭
I really want one but I live in a tiny NYC 1BR and am worried I’ll commit to this wheel as the focal point of my living room only for my cat to use it as another bed. 
*Intelligible squeal*
She doin it for YOU :3
Very squishy
My cat also does sit ups with me lol
Where did you purchase this? Would love to get one for my cat!
OH MY DOG she looks like my precious Nona I lost several years ago.  Such a beautiful girl. ;o; Excuse me I will cry over her adorable-ness.
Why is this thing  $600?
General Catnobi! You are a bold one! 
Super funny and interesting! Just goes to show that animals do take on the characteristics of their owners. 
Awww my cat has three legs I don’t know if he’d like this
Where can I get a cat wheel like that for my chunk monster?
Perfect suppotive exercise buddy!

"We're in this together, buddy!"
Purrfect casual walk 
How did you manage to get the cat to use that? I have a feeling my cat wouldn’t understand
Where did you get the wheel? I have 4 cats. They need exercise.

Also, who is your fs orite trainer so far? I got mine in November last year. It's great. 
Her tail! 😭😍
Omg the cuteness, it hurts
This is absolutely amazing. 
It's like you and her are hiking through the woods together. She adores you and would follow you anywhere. My heart! 😭
I’m also dying from the way she’s looking up at you while she’s doing it. 😹
Mirin 
shadow cat looks even cuter.
She is ADORABLE! ❤️ My cats are lazy bums.
Introducing Schrodinger's Wheel. When your cat is on it, unlimited power flows from the wheel. I didn't say which kind of power.
I bought one and can’t get my cats to use it. The one that actually needs the energy outlet is scared of it.
r/chonkers and r/absoluteunits need to see this.
Is that wheel something that you made? That’s pretty awesome, my cats would love to have something like that
I’m terrified of cats so in my mind she is training to kill you with that kind of stare
What a pretty kitty. I'm glad she's being healthy. Wish my cat would do this! How did you train her? 
Yes. You night me the right you. Yes you bought me the right toy. Yes. You night me the right you. Yes you bought me the right toy...
We have a cat that could be your twin!! 
Quite regal
"We'll go through this together"
Only the coldest heart wouldn’t see how adorable this is. 💌
We all know damn well that your just standing there with a cookie girl 😂
This is such a good idea! I have a road bike on a tacx vortex trainer and I’m terrified that my cat will try to touch the wheel that’s spinning and rip his paw off
Your cat looks like its walking in a loop
She luv u
So cute 
Lol, my life be like ohhh ahhh
Shes ensuring she could catch you to eat you should you not feed her. 
Athletic cat
Feline incline
Birman? She’s gorgeous! 
omg that's so adorable skskd
r/floof
That’s precious. 
She’s keeping fit
😊
Awe the feels
This is so nice!
Your cat looks like you stuck the head of my lynx point Siamese onto my rag doll and it is freaking me out.

Lovely cat!
so where can i get one
I want that cat!
My Malekitteh started skreeeeming and meewing as soon as he caught sight of Ladykitteh!!!
Aww, such a fluff tail!
My cat would do a similar thing. Everyday when I’d come home from work I’d use the restroom and he’d do the same. He’d first meow really loudly almost as if he was crying then proceed to use the litter box right outside the bathroom door. Miss him so much. 
What a beautiful cat love!
Your cat was a friendly middle aged gym regular named Susan in a past life.
My cat Oskar loves his wheel too! Almost a little too much. 
She is gorgeous! Love that fluffy tail 
I love those things but they’ve so expensive!
This is about the coolest and cutest thing I’ve seen in quite awhile! Your cat is amazing! I can’t get over the fact that she works out even when you’re skipping a day! 
Can we get a human sized wheel?
I wish I had a cat :( 
she is going to evovle soon at LVL21
You’ve got a good one. 
That's awesome!! Wendy a stunning kitty cat. That gorgeous floof!
Are cat wheels a thing?  I'd love to get one for my cat, if cats actually use them.
She’s gorgeous & obviously loves you
She's most definitely a Sweetheart.
Beautiful floof 😍
When you're a cat but meant to be a hamster
That tail! 😍😍
I actually just got one myself for free from work, how did you get her to do it? I think my cats will just be scared of it....
I've never seen such a thing for a cat, what a great idea!
My heart! 
Cat-tains Log: Day 515, may never truly understand my human's run-in-place ritual.
omg 
I wish my cat looked at me like that.
That is soooo cute!!
That is some catwalk right there.
 She’s cheering you on!
😺😺👍
Where do I get my little chubster one of her own? Did you make this wheel?
Did u make the wheel yourself or bought it? In the future when I get a cat I would love to exercise with it too!
That's an outside cat. Give her her freedom.
I can't stop watching this. Pretty girl loves you so much!
She think she's helping you do whatever you are doing.
oh man I need to get this for my little man he'd love it
Wheel so expensive. 
Now that I’ve looked at the barf video I can see the barf stain in this video. Poor Pippa ☹️
I would smile back, then glare and start going faster and faster to enduce the competition of a lifetime! Ready? FIGHT!
“Soon I will be the big mamou around here”
Beautiful kitty! Your rug is so clean! I'm jealous!
What are your thoughts on the wheel? I've heard really really mixed reviews about it.

Thanks! 
Kitty likes his/her new toy. 
Absolutely adorable. Now I know those wheels are expensive and I'm afraid that if I bought one the cats wouldn't use it. Did you have any problems training her or did she just take it up?
I have one of these wheels but my kitties haven't figured out how much fun it can be. They like to jump through it like a big portal but they don't walk on it.

  Any advice about how to help them play on it?

  I've had it a little over a month and tried to work with them on it but they are cats and it's hard to get them started with it. Maybe some treats on the wheel?
Love it! I will search on-line to find this!!!
What a pretty girl.
It always amazed me that cats can be so cute, love you sm, and yet eat you 20 mins after you've been dead.
What is that thing the cute cat is walking on?
THIS IS SO ADORABLE.

Hello, I love your cat 😭
The shadow next to her is mezmerizing as well as her walk. Seems like it could be in a movie. 
She’s mocking you
My cat needs this.
Aw cool, when a cat does it, it swoons people's hearts. But when I do it, I get a restraining order. What is this double standards ???? 
That's amazing.
Love this!! Been looking for one for my energetic little guy. Where did ya get?
Wait... They make hamster wheels... For ***CATS***?
She's gorgeous! 
Where did you get that amazing treadmill/wheel thingy?
That's r/pareidolia if you saw the cockatiel on the wall.
Aaaawwwww!
She is your greatest cheerleader! 
i want one of these, but the only one's i've seen are hundreds of dollars. that one looks a bit more basic. was it reasonably priced?
Precious 
Did you make that? 
I need a kitty workout buddy
It's a good idea but my cats would probably be too nervous about walking on one.
"we're doing so good, mom!"
"Look, I believe in you!"
What breed is this?
Enough with the damn emojis
How in the world did you get her to use that! 
Is this the cat that threw up?
*lol*
Mfw this is a live video
That’s the cutest thing ever! Like a hamster wheel for cats 😂
Lol treadmill friend. 
Copy cat 
You might wanna remind her that she's not a hamster :))
If we get four cats and wheels can we have a cat powered car?
Did you have to train her to use it? My cat is fat and needs exercise but playing with her is really boring because she just catches things and won't give it back. She runs a lot more of she plays on her own :/
It looks like she is making sure you don’t out train her
Probably looks at you the same way when shes pooping.
She's planning how she'll eat you when you die.
"You gonna get it?!?Cuz I'm gettin it!!!"
Where did you get that wheel? I have two Bengals and their wheel is pure shit (now). All the companies that I knew off that made them disappeared. 
What breed? Such a beautiful kitty 
Such a pretty kitty with a happy tail! ❤️
What an elegant lady ❤
Exercise buddies!
That’s one fit kit!
Do they make these for dogs? 
Have you ever tried to use your cats wheel? That’s something I would do 
   Wait till she starts taking dumps and pissing all over the house. Your heart will turn in to a brick 🤣
Man my cats would just look at me and laugh if I got them one of them things 
It's so cuuuuuute!!!
#relationshipgoals
I love her 
You are taking good care of her, pack mama
Where’s the projectile vomit?
Is this the same cat i just watched vomit an hour ago?
My cat’s litter box is in my bathroom. Whenever I go, she goes 😂 (not always but frequently)
Omg she’s so supportive😭😭😭😍😍😍
This is my favourite video ever 😍❤️
Omg my heart. I love cats! 
We have a lynx pointe Siberian (we think) rescue named Pip! They’re long lost cousins! Pip, however prefers sitting, napping, and chasing squirrels outside. 
Gym buddies!!!
I need to get a wheel for my bengal. Any recommendations for a good one?
Kool Kat !
How did you train her to use this?! 
My husky mix needs this!
I have just met your cat OP and I already love her. 🥰
B A R S 
Shut up and take my money I have never seen one of these before!
Some cats are worth melting for. 
*Steals the floof* What a precious floof. I must have.
Holy crap that’s a lot of upvotes 
I watch this for way too long then realized it was only 8 seconds
Stress free training buddy! So much love for this!
Once i was on the toilet and my cat climbed in the tub and looked me in the eye and pissed. I mean.. basically the same
It seems like you got some treats on you, its the only explanation.
It looks like you're wasting your time.  I guess I'll waste my time with you.
Such a sweet baby! Wish my cats were as accountable as her- they only bother me for more food 😂
I know that look
That is the cutest thing ever! Does she nudge you when she wants to work out/wants you to work out too? 
What's it cost, what's it called, and where do you get one? 
“Are we done yet, mom?”
“I do an exercise too.”
Those wheels are so expensive, which is why you only ever see expensive cats on them.
My cat sits with me while I work and doesn't try to walk on my computer, so that's pretty neat. 
Your cat is adorable
Too cute, reminds me of my old kitty. 
u/vreddit_bot
Hahah super adorable 
We are exercising together. Me and my human!
Where tf do you get a cat wheel? My kitty girl must have one now. 
your kitty girl is beautiful and we love her wheel.
What a beautiful floof!
I want one of these so bad, but IF my cat doesn't use it they won't take it back. They're not guaranteed :(

If anyone knows of one that is, please let me know! ♡
It's like she's saying "Take me with you!"
“Is this what you like?!!, does this make you hot, you freak?!!
i did not even know these were a thing and now i have a new life goal for me and my cat
Where did you get that wheel?!
She’s helping!! (I just love her.)
Your cat is so damned cute.
Look mommy I'm exercising like you! 
That’s hilariously dope 
“I wonder why you spin those big wheels hooman”
“Let me try”
“...”
“Why do you do this to yourself, hooman”
She’s being a copy cat is all
There is so much love in those eyes 😍
I feel your joy in my own heart 
O she loves you!
if you go faster does your kitty run faster?
Food person we're in this together!
Where did you get that wheel?  Expensive?
Cuteb
Are these loud?
My cat would sleep on this!
💪🏽
u/vReddit_Player_Bot
This is one of the happiest things I've seen an awhile, thank you.
yass queen work!
Mine too :)
This is awesome! 

My cat would probably only use it like this though: 
[https://i.imgur.com/I16EPR0.png](https://i.imgur.com/I16EPR0.png) 
How long does that cat walk on the wheel?
That's adorable!!
I love how her head does not move!
Awe so cute.
What kind of wheel is this?  I'm not at all aware of kitty exercise wheels.
She’s just like a snake - sizing you up and waiting for the day that she’s big enough to eat you. 
What an absolute angel baby. 
She's so pretty! Her fur is so well kept. 
Ahhhh she seems so happy and content lol
She looks like my cat smokieblu, absolutely beautiful
Secretly she's plotting to kill you ...
Maybe she's asking how do I stop this thing?  Also I read this as my cat likes to walk in high heels.   Impressive!
Emotional support
How did it actually happen
Free electricity lol
Are you not entertained, human?
I LOVE HER 
You stole my cat! 

Kidding, but they may as well be related. They look very, very similar.
Did you post a video of your cat puking while you're riding a stationary bike? 
she’s suffering 
She’s so pretty too. 
Tail!
I LOVE THIS!!! 
Hook your bike up to her wheel and make her run!
She is adorable. 
Where did you get that!!?
She's like, "bro keep up".
She's comin for you
Does she stay on the whole time you are on?
Aww! She's just trying to stay in shape!
Awww what a sweetheart <3 
 She's thinking: "I don't really see the point but you're the keeper of the kibble."
Where can I buy these wheels? 
