Just completely adorable, that smile man... 
Stay golden, good boy
I love the paws for dramatic effect
That warms my icy heart
All I could think of is “the clawwwww” 
This video = instant people smiles! 
[deleted]
Son of a biscuit. This made me smile but cry. My golden passed away yesterday. Best dog ever. 
I'm a simple man,, I see happy doggo, I upvote
I think we all just smiled.
That’s one good Woofer
my chocolate lab says hi to your gold boye
Serious question; it looks like smiling, but is that a coincidence or do dogs, or any other animal, really smile?
when is late n time for bed,

i love the way you scritch my head

your hand is coming from above,

i know am gonna get the love

the way your fingers do the scritches

eases me of all my itches!

starting from the top it goes 

then down, around n under nose

n oh, the ears...n then the Neck -

am Loving all this scritch like HECK !

i kiss your fingers - thank you, fren

please - one more time - do scritch again ?




I mean. To be fair. If you gave me head scratches I'd also instantly smile
Am I the only one getting anxiety from the word “scritches”?
Can’t work out what I appreciate more.. this dog’s beautiful smile or the hilarious hovering scratcher hand lingering above his head
Awwww! Hello cutie😍
I miss my golden...
I miss my golden 
u/vreddit_bot
Thank you for this superbly directed and filmed video. It should win an award.
Instant golden smiles=instant human smiles
Instant golden smiles = instant human smiles.
I hate to be that guy but dog’s cannot smile, that’s a human trait we impart upon canines.  Also head scratching is unnatural and this dog is simply showing a learned behavior.  -reddit dog behaviorist probably
Why is it scritch and not scratch? 
r/mademesmile
SCRATCHING MECHANISM ENGAGED. 

*machine sounds*
OP didn't reveal in post that he has degree in phrenology.

[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phrenology](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phrenology)
That's the cutest thing I've ever seen
I love animal videos but i don't often just burst into a smile from one.  This is fucking adorable, thank you.
That wholesome smile is heckin dapper. 
He’s like” that’s the spot human”
Oh my goldens are the best. 
As soon as he smiled, I smiled. Adorable!
this makes me so happy
You made my morning. Thanks
THE CLAW 
How long til the golden boi gets gold!?
Do dogs smile the same way we do? Like, is this dog conveying the same thing we do when we smile? 
I love how the dog leans into it slightly when his human scratches the side of the head!
Cute pupper you have there! 
I love how in the middle of the video doggo raises an "eyebrow" as if to say: "C'mon h00man, i know you want to keep going."  


Love it. 
Thanks. In these angry and divisive times there is nothing better than watching your beautiful dog smile. Anyone who loves dogs is a good soul!!
My heart just melted.
 I love how when the hand is off his eyebrows go to instant concern mode.
Me when my boyfriend rubs my head 
I have the same reaction to head scratches. 
I love his eyebrows when you took your hand off.


I just tried that on my dog. He didn't run away, I'll tell you that!
Looks like my dog. Goldens are the best!!! 
Imagine being captive of an alien race with powers and abilities you could only barely comprehend, like operating machines you can't even hold and communicating in ways that you only partially understand, but for some reason they're always happy to see you and they enjoy giving you free massages all the time.
Met a 3 year old golden retriever today. He was the sweetest boy, he wanted pets, tummy rubs and was so friendly.
That's some lots of furry loves.
My old Red Golden from Russia was just like this. He passed away from cancer in 2013 and not a time goes by when I see my current best friend that I  don’t think about him or my yellow lab Luke, who was Lukas best friend :).
This is why dogs are the best, they know the simplest things in life bring great joy. 
Next time I make an adoption, I think I'm going to get a golden retriever. They are the sweetest dogs.
That's indeed a Good Boy/Girl!
Head scritches = golden retrievers expectations of treats distributed by the human hand "octopus" delivery method.
God damn, dogs are the best. 
i want a dog like this too
Nice
I could literally watch this all day <3
Cute!
He’s a good boy :}
(I just gotta tell him !)
Good boy looks like he's barely awake
SO CUTE OH GOD
This totally melted my heart !!! 
The hilight of both their days'
♥️
OH..MY..GOD!!    *instantly hits save 4 the next bad day
Spicy Boiii
That's such a warm and heartfelt face. Sweet pup.
Simply adorable.. Love and kisses to golden
What a smiley boi
I can't stop watching this! 
This legit just made me smile. The second that good boy smiled, I broke out into a smile. I'm gonna go give my good boy some head rubs now. 
Looks like there is a button on top. 
This even makes me smile instant too haha 
How do I triple-upvote?!
Needed this today - thanks a bundle! 
So you see, that's where the trouble began.  That smile. That damned smile. 
This is a legendary post
My eyes died and went to heaven I love this so much 
I've never had a golden, but a friend told me about hers, who her family got when she was a teen, I think. Story goes, my friend took the dog to the park, where a 2-3 year old boy fell for him. His mom had brought KFC, but the kid was uninterested. Doggie of course was veeerry interested, and the boy gave him the drumstick. When he saw the dog salivating over it he decided he wanted it back, and stuck his hand in and yanked it out and put it in his own mouth. My friend and the mom thought "oh shit"  🐕 handled it like a pro. No change in demeanor, just more wags and love. 
Anyone who has the balls to down vote this good boi is a heartless monster. 
Oh my gosh.  Perfect level of playful love, tease, and fun,
this must be true happiness
This is the sweetest thing ever 💗
r/scritchthedamndog
it makes me happy when animals are glad
I tried to act manly but my damn heart man look at that smile 
This dog looks almost identical to my golden
"Heckin good head scritch, man!"
It should be illegal to possess this level of cute.
I love dogs, so much.
If you ever wondered what that smile translated into text would be, it would be "fuck yes" :) 
Absolutely melted me. Fuck, I need a dog in my life so bad. My kids need their first pet. I also need a better job before I commit to a wonder-pupper
>92% Upvoted

Which one of you guys downvoted

&#x200B;
/u/WoodBender ❤️
[deleted]
Day one: the sky spider gives the scratch scratch. He Is a celebrated occasion.
Such an adorable dog. I'm so glad he has a good owner. Props man! These guys deserve all the happiness we can give them
that's where it all started; that smile, that damn smile
I feel bad for the poster. He has not received any karma from this post. That's a loss of 129K karma
What an absolutely gorgeous dog 😍
My dog died last month at 14.5 years old these videos both make me sad because i miss him and make me happy because I remember him. 😔😊
That smile <3
I like it.
Do dogs really smile or is this just the shape of their mouth?
Made my day!
This post was the most upvoted post across all of Reddit on March 13th, 2019!

^(I am a bot for )^[/r/toppostoftheday](/r/toppostoftheday) ^( - Please report suggestions/concerns to the mods.)
This post was the most upvoted post across all of Reddit on March 13th, 2019!

^(I am a bot for )^[/r/toppostoftheday](/r/toppostoftheday) ^( - Please report suggestions/concerns to the mods.)
omg i think i'm gonna die of cuteness 
That smile is infectious, what's his name?

&#x200B;
This is actually the only post to date that made me say aww out loud
Hands down the best looking retriever I've ever seen , no questions
Protect this boy at all costs
Unlimited head scritches for doggo!
For all the smiles he’s given you! He’s just happy to be there. 
Instant joy. 

&#x200B;

I want to scratch the dog too. A dog like this needs belly scratches and ear rubs! :)
I had a golden retriever too
dOgS dOnT sMiLe, 

yeah it's all just anthropomorphism right? It just happens to open / curl  its mouth upwards when experiencing joy, but that's *definitely* not a smile.
i’m usually scared of golden retrievers, but this one is cute af

edit: why is this getting downvoted??? i can’t help the fact that i’m scared of them lol
Scritch scrotches make me hap
-Dog
This made me smile 😍
Boy how I envy you. 
So cute 😍
Awwwe I'm melting at this!!!
That put a smile on my face not just the Golden’s man
Just wanna say, I’m a angry and upset Ny Giants fan and this brought a much needed smile to my face. So thank you and Dogs are the best !!! 
Ok I may have watched this more times than most people would consider normal while smiling like a complete idiot!! You know what though....I'm good with how many times I watched it!! It's basically pure joy in gif form!!
"DOGS DON'T SMILE!"

MY FRIGGIN BUTT THEY DON'T.


Dogs are too good for us
Well no shit, it's a golden!

And on another note that some people may not know, and someone correct me if I am wrong, dogs release massive amounts of serotonin when we love on them. We also get that boost but not as extreme as they do, and oxytocin is a big one too.

So basically your dog is rolling 99% of the time you start petting them.
Instant human smile
u/puppyhearts
Thank you random strangers for the gold and silver! 🐶 I'm glad my dog (Murphy) was able to make you all smile! He makes my fiance and I smile everyday 😊
Aahhhhh smile 😁😁😁😁🥰🥰🥰🥰
This is the best.
What doesn't make a golden smile, such happy doggos
what a beautiful boyo
Dammit Bob, don’t stop!

-Doggo
Golden boy loves a good scritch. So dang adorable!
All the pupper needs to be happy 
If only I had a pupper of my own. I could and would sit at home doing this all day. 
The goodest doggo
You have a Cindy Crawford mole!❤️
Got me. 
Love how dramatic the pre-scritches hand is 
My 4 year old laughed at this while I was unaware he was watching it with me. 
Looked like he was having a ruff day
Glad I'm not the only one. Rocky always looks at me like I'm nuts. I call it the brain sucker and make noises when I'm giving head scatches. 
Goldens are the cutest adult dogs to me 
My boyfriend reacts the same way to head scritches 🤣
GOOOOD BOOOY
= instant me smiles
Best Doggie Video of 2019?
Our Sheltie would start wagging his tail when a hand was reaching out to pet him. But if you stopped midway, his tail would stop, so I'd make his tail stop and start a bunch of times. Miss him so much.
Golden’s are the best. I don’t care what anyone says.
Beautiful dog
Goldie’s are just some of the sweetest dogs you will ever meet. 
W H O L E S O M E
Head scratches for a good ploopy 
looks like he calls everyone bub
Goldens are awesome.

[My face after I pet a dog](https://m.imgur.com/gallery/hkvRdvm)
Hello
This is just literally owning a dog...
YES
You don't even have to be a dog, this works exactly the same on me, too!

&#x200B;
/r/GifsThatKeepOnGiving
I love doggos. <3
That exact moment puppers smiles is so priceless.
THASAGOOBOY
u/vreddit_bot
Dogs are so great. Such beautiful animals.
This is everything I needed today.
Awwwwww
/u/vreddit_bot
And people say dogs can’t smile
Omg
Pets for goodest boi
Exact same way I go about scritching a dog's head. 
*Tongue extends*
I WANT!! so precious
u/vreddit_bot
Resting bitch face though. 
Someone slow this down
u/vreddit_bot
Sammy331..does your name start with H and are you from Seneca, SC?
This big heads sure do get itchy!
thats mad cute. Might be dumb question but, when dogs "smile" is it actually sign of pleasure/happiness or just their mouth doin funny things lol? I know like when primates show teeth it means they bout to fuck you up 
❤️❤️❤️
Anyone know how to download this video? I want to watch this every day.
Do you know what this is?

What?

A brain sucker. Do you know what it’s doing?

What?

Starving.

Hahaha he just licked his own head oils
Very Cute
So cute
Everytime he stops petting he looks over like, "Hey that felt really good, why'd you stop?"
Goldens are all goof balls. Kind gentle giants. All play from day 1. 
lol
Nuggies!
I want
Cute!
God I fucking need a dog 
 Just Awwweeee
u/AKT3D 
What a cute dork lol
20/10 would definitely give all the pats to this majestic floof. What a handsome boy. 
Golden happiness is the most genuine happiness. 
Serious question. Why do doggos lick the hand? Is it only for the taste or does   the extra moisture also help the shedding when you pet them? Asking for a doggo friend 
This deserves every single award that it gets 
Hooman thinks I'm itchy 🤣
I have never seen a more content doggo
I love Golden Retrievers, IMO the best bread. ❤️
*But that smile, that damn smile*
Golden’s are the purest concentration of happiness. 
Awww...Thank you for posting this I got a golden retriever instant smile too. :)
All smiles on my face 😊
So cute
Golden retrievers take the award for cutest/best dogs ever. 
Floofy doggo 
I too instantly smiled
I wish my dog reacted to petting. I can't even get her to shake get back leg with back scratching. She's extremely cuddly but never gives any physical indication that she's happy unless you've just gotten home or offer to go on a ride.
The goodest boy ever. 
I wish I was that golden I could do with some scratchy head scritches
i love that smile.
i just love the smile!

&#x200B;
You got me at *scratch scratch*
That’s a good boy! 
Paging r/animaltextgifs
This dog looks more like Harrison Ford than Harrison Ford
I love heem
Happy puppet loves a good pets
oh sweet i want that dog
"Damn you human. You got me."
My goal in life is to have a dog. Goal started. 
Thank you for uploading lovely video.
 
Dogs are such amazing creatures. I couldn’t imagine my life without my golden. So damn cute. 
That smile, that damned smile
Good boy. Cute boy. appeven
Doggo enjoying it thoroughly 😂
Good doggo
This made my entire day! Thanks for sharing OP! ❤️
Goodness this is so wholesome. Such a blissful face, the doggo makes.
Mind meld.
Priceless.
I'm smiling too
The claaawwwww
why is this so cute
I love dogs so much! I can't wait to be lucky enough to have one some day...
This made me so happy. Thank you very much for this OP
OH MY LORD, THAT'S ABSOLUTALY ADORABLE! MY HEART!
Thats really adorable
Scratches* dummy
Aww 
doggo smiles are the best
In about 40 years, humans who massage animals may survive
I miss my golden so much. He was a big ol lazy lug, but man do I miss him
My red healer does the same thing! Cutest thing ever 
That's sooo cute!!!!
oh my god this is sooo cute 😭🥰
Please someone do this to me I want to be as happy
Awwww! What a good doggy! Precious girl/boy.:D
To cute :)
Reddit told me that means the dog is stressed.
Dogs are the dogs bollox.
They got such big heads too haha.
so cute I miss my puppy
what a fluffy doggy
/u/vreddit_bot
What a happy boi
That smile tho😍
That smile has started my day off on a high!
I need a smiling dog in my life 
This makes me want a dog even more!
Dogs are awesome!
Knew this notification would be worth clicking on... he’s a goodest pupper boye, plenty head scritches 
Awwwww.... This just made my day!
*wag wag wag *thumpthumpthump* *
I think I’m in heaven now
r/aww 
good boy
Hahah thanks for this!!!
Good boye: The claw ooooooooh
Royal Feel
Wish I could afford a Golden Retriever. 😑
So you see, that’s where the trouble began....

That smile....

That damn smile
please let me know how to download this video..it's awesome 
That's so me. When I have dandruff and someone scratches my head.
Best breed in the world. I have a girl service golden named Kelli. ♥️
u/vreddit_bot
Precious
My favorite breed 
human: 

golden retriever: smiles 
THATS A GOOD BOY
I have to ask, is that truly a smile? Because I don't know if you can say that dogs smile...
When he smiled I smiled and giggled a bit 😂😂
I wish I had a dog...
That is so any dog I I know (especially my dog) lol 
He’s so cuuuuute
This is incredibly cute!
So cuteree
Awwwwwwwwwww Awwwwwwwwwww Awwwwwwwwwww! And let me just say, AWWWWWWWWWWW.
Scritch scratch
Nice.
u/vredditshare
THAT SMILE OOOOOOHHHHHHHMMYYYYYYGGGGGGGOOOOOODDDDDDDDD
Golden retriever: hard, no meal
Furry boi.
[deleted]
Awwww
a golden was the best dog i’ve ever had — this post makes me want another!
Good boy mode... activated!
Good dogo
Are smiling dogs the new trend for breeders/buyers?
Wish it was that easy for everybody!
u/vreddit_bot
Why are you recording me, huma......... Ahhhhhhh shiiiit
God, I love dogs.
Better than karma
Receiving head scritches are the best
The claw!
I read head stitches...this is much better!
He show da love at end
This made me smile. 
"Susan, he's not petting me. I can't believe this... Ahhhhh"
Saved
Oh my gosh.  I gotta get a golden.  He is the cutest little floofer ever!!!
Aww I'm so sorry, its so incredibly hard to lose a dog. They are members of the family.  I hope my boy Murphy was able to cheer you up even a little though. 
Dont tell me they don’t smile. 
My golden keeps nudging my arm and hand until I pet her more
Show this to depressed people, seriously
\*sniff\* Brings back so many memories of Digby, and Mike and Duke... All goldens absolutely love those head scritches, don’t they. Thanks for the smile. 
Whenever anything good happens to him he makes the smile face. I choose to believe he smiles because he's happy 
Just the bestest pupper
Is 4 days not a record to be near the top of r/aww ?!?
oh man, this is why i really want a dog.
When I give my husky head scritches he just looks away and almost _frowns_ at me. 
r/bettereveryloop
Murphy is one good boi
r/Eyebleach
u/ciarahitchen142
awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
is he an older gentleman?
I like how you paused in Italian
Such a good boy
U/Vredditdownloader
u/VredditDownloader
/u/vredditdownloader
/u/vredditdownloader
Don’t you mean “scratches”
This might be because I'm not a dog person but why do people let dogs lick their hands? Seems disgusting to me. I've seen people get their hands licked then just go about doing things with their hands like nothing happened. 
Good boi
Damn he w i d e
You and your dog have the same smile! 😁
beutiful smile 
Awwwwww!!!!!!!!

Oh my doodness! I love him 
Are you in a hotel?
Oh my god, he’s so freaking cute 
Awww soo adorable♡♡♡
I love how smiling is contagious! I was in such a bad mood, having a lousy day, but couldn’t help but smile when I saw this happy boy!
Instant golden smiles=instant me smiles
Fucking love dogs
Instant golden awards too
Hey, what a nice dog
If you do this to me, I’m going to smile too. 
To be fair I do the same thing. 
Omg we get it goldens are awesome 
DoGs DoNT SmILe uNLess They're StReSesEd
Poor thing has a really bad underbite. 
My dog does this too...when I scratch his ass. 
*Head scritches, instant gold, instant gold.
Head scritches, instant gold, instant gold.
And eyes and ears and mouth and nose.
Head scritches, instant gold, instant gold*
dogs dont smile
CAREFUL!  I saw this in a post yesterday, if you're dog is smiling it's because he's anxious and stressed.  Dogs are not supposed to smile, and we shouldn't project onto them like this!  Reddit has made this very clear.
You ever get your head scratched by someone else? It's like an orgasm. This dude is basically giving the dog an orgasm. 
unfortunately it's not instant reddit gold..
Made me smile !! 👄💯💕❤️
So sweet
Eww!! Why is a dog in the bed with him?? 🤢
Just read all the comments...I just don’t get animal people 🤷‍♂️
Is it legal yet to stab people who say scritches? When mankind evolves, it will be.
