If you watch this upside down, it looks like invisible ducks walking around.
This looks the Marauder's Map
Duck Standing by Hideo Kojima
[removed]
Aww their tiny feet are so cute!
Ducks on the ceiling,  
I dont mind. Just a matter of time,
Before you see it
They're alright ain't no bread in my sight
This is the most adorable horror movie I've ever seen.
This is ducking adorable. 
[deleted]
Seagulls on a sun shade.
Waddle waddle waddle

*til the very next day*
I wish this had sound, so you can hear them waddling around. 
I’m so glad you guys all like this!
That looks like the start of a duck-themed horror movie
I mean technically the roof but it's not like I came here expecting to see ducks walking upside down on the ceiling or anything, not disappointed at all :(
If it get damaged, hope they take care of the bill.
What a quack up.
That brings me so much joy!
THE DINOSAURS ARE COMING 
This brought a 32 year old balding alcoholic plumber to tears. Those cute little feet. 
Thank you
That's my favorite Black Keys song
"Oh what a feeeeelllllliiiiiinnnn...."
Duck Stranding



By Hideo Quackjima
cute and mysterious and same time  
whoa
It’s like Arrival. 
How do you know they're ducks, not seagulls?
I thought they were invisible for a second there!

But they are more likely to be seagulls than ducks...
Seems like an adorable DuckDuckGo promo, pretty nice
Roof*
that is the cutest fucking thing ive ever seen in my entire life
Not so cute when they take a shit up there and you gotta climb up and clean it
I've never "awwww-ed" at footprints until today
It's like a tiny velociraptor attack
That looks like Highway star
What is happening here

Something's going on that's not quite clear

Somebody's standing on the lights

They're gonna have a party

&#x200B;

They're starting to quack

Oh, what a feeling

When the ducks are on the ceiling

Oh, what a feeling

When the ducks are on the ceiling

&#x200B;

The scene is not looking good

Some of their friends came by from the neighborhood

The ducks startin' a climb the walls

Ooh it looks like every duck is having a ball

&#x200B;

Oh, what a feeling

When the ducks are on the ceiling

Oh, what a feeling

When the ducks are on the ceiling

Oh, what a feeling

When the ducks are on the ceiling

Oh, what a feeling

When the ducks are on the ceiling

&#x200B;

Come on!

&#x200B;

Everybody starts to lose control

When the ducks are in flight

If I see some waterfowl hangin' around

I get uptight

The only thing I want to do tonight

Is turn the hell around

And flee from the sound

Come on! Get the ducks down!

&#x200B;

So come on! They're all loose

Don't say quack

'Cause ain't no use

Hard to keep the ducks on the ground

'Cause when they like to party

We just want them to get down

&#x200B;

Oh, what a feeling

When the ducks are on the ceiling

Oh, what a feeling

When the ducks are on the ceiling

Oh, what a feeling

When the ducks are on the ceiling

Oh, what a feeling

When the ducks are on the ceiling

&#x200B;

Say what?

Can't stop them

Just getting started

Everybody off your knees

Come on

Everybody let's flee!

&#x200B;

Oh, what a feeling

When the ducks are on the ceiling

Oh, what a feeling

When the ducks are on the ceiling

Oh, what a feeling

When the ducks on the ceiling quacky quacky

They're gonna stay all night
Ripely, where are they?
To the tune of hooked on a feeling: Theres Ducks on the ceiling
I just wanna hear that lil pitter patter.
Oh what a feeelin' 🎶
You’ve heard of r/catsonglass 

Get ready for r/ducksontheceiling 
Definitely ducks and not seagulls?
Ooh, what a feeling. 
[Oh, what a feeling... When the ducks are on the ceiling!](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ovo6zwv6DX4)
I didn't know I needed this.
Oh my god, did I need this.
They’re on the roof but ok
Yea, your ducks have pointy beaks. And are seagulls. Don't let that rain on your karma parade though.
When you insure through Aflac 
I’m hooked on a feeling. I’m...
wait till they shit on it
I can weirdly hear this gif.. \*flap flap\*
those ducks are the roof, not the ceiling
Who knew ducks could use stealth boys
I think this would be a bit better if I heard their feet slapping the roof.
Hehehe pitter patter
**that is the cutest thing i’ve ever seen in my life**
Add some scary music and suddenly this isn't so cute anymore

Lol, plz explain this
*Gollum's voice:* "My precious!"
[removed]
This reminds me of that new Kojima game where the suits have babies in them and the sky people have umbilical cords and walk in a hand stand everywhere. 
Agent Duck reporting for duty 
Flap flap flap flap flap
who sings that?
Looking at that makes me think about inventive ideas. They just haven't come to me yet
They are ducking for you Barbara 
That's just quackers.
I've seen paranormal activity and that's a demon
I've been singing your thread title to the tune of 'more than a feeling' for the past 2 minutes now.

&#x200B;
Wow if this were a chicken or other taloned bird this would have massive horror aesthetics
New Jurassic Park trailer looks dope
Was i the only one that heard ;
~ They wanna get my
They wanna get my duck on the ceiling
I ain't blind, just a matter of time
Before you steal it
It's all right, ain't no guarding my high.
Oh what a feeling.
Looks up and thinks "what, the duck?"
This would make for a terrible Black Keys song
Play it upside down and it looks like they're invisible 😂 
Beasts all over the shop...
The pitter platters are cute until the poopies splatter. 
For some reason that's adorable 
I just went straight to this scene in Aliens.... https://youtu.be/1bqSgvEZNtY
Ahhh, ahhhh, ahh,ahhhhh Ducks on the ceiling!
I’m High on believing
That You’re above Meeeeee!
The ducks are plotting something big 
Lionel Richie would be proud.
 Thought they were wearing invisibility cloaks at first 
/u/Nite_Girl 
I am so extremely happy about this!!!
omg such precious little feet
Oh what a feeling! When the ducks are on the ceiling!
Ducks On The Ceiling is the prequel to Snakes On  A Plane. 
The black keys - Ducks on the Ceiling
What a feeling


Ducking on the ceiling
It's like little upvotes doing tippy taps
*Oh what a feeling*

*Ducklings on the ceiling*
I thought I was looking at invisible ducks on the ground lmao
Game over, man.
Best song/band name ever haha 
And fire in the sky!
\#"Ohh, ohhhh what a feeling, when you've ducklings on the ceiling"\#
*to the tune of Hooked on a Feeling*

I-iiiiii-iiiii-IIIII SEE DUCKS ON THE CEILING 
My little sister said : "what in the baby buns....."
How do you know they arent seagulls?
🎶 Ohhhh what a feelin', when your ducks are on the ceilin'! 🎶
Am I the only one that thinks that this is maybe kinda cute but weird?
That’s the cutest slightly creepy thing ever!
When I get that feeling I want 
Ducks in the ceiling 
Oh, what a feeling
When we're dancing on the ceiling
I'm a dumbass I didn't read the title and I wasn't looking at the video quite right. The result?

I though they were spiders playing leap frog
Tesla model Y be like...
Something like this would really improve my classroom attendance...and increase distraction.  
There are something on ceil!
What the duck??!? It’s actually cute 😂
Duck!
Are those the ducks from Arrival?
Hi hi hi, cute C:
Could be in a horror film
Crooked pigeons in the ha-all.
Clackin and bleatin', I'm leaving here tomorrow.
They don't know, I never do you any good.
Quackin' is easy, I would if I could.
...and fire in the sky
[deleted]
‘Upvotes’ here, there everywhere!
Reminds me of those sand bags from Mario Galaxy. 
The ducks have broken in!
Now whatever you do... don't make a sound.

(Sounds like a horror movie setting XD)
Can’t stop watching
Vanishing teeny tiny sting rays!
Whenever I see duck, I think someone's trying to say fuck. 
Just thought I'd share that.
This is very cool 
Walking Upvotes
Looks like a scene from some mind fuck of a horror movie. 
Oh god I wish this had sound
I didn't look at the title first and thought I was looking at a horror movie.
The colours going on between the empty space and the footprints reminds me of harry potters marauders map (am I remembering that correctly?) 
Ghost ducks
oooh-oh what a feeling, when you're quacking on the ceiling
I kind of want to go after him, even if I know it will be a disaster
Is that the bude tunnel?
If you didn’t know what that was, that would be terrifying AF. 
Oh, what a feeling

When ducks are running on the ceiling 
Omfg these are soooo cute
Duck Standing: A Hideo Kojima Game
This brings me such joy 

Those are seagulls
*HEYY*
This sorta looks like something from a horror movie like you look up and see ghostly duck feet and spooky quaking
Ducks on the ceiling? I think I saw that Monday to Friday movie?
Metal duck solid
Those look like goddamned bats.
Deleted scene from Arrival. 
And fire in the sky
Reminds me of the Unfinished Swan..
This is hands down the best, most wholesome thing I’ve seen on reddit ever 
That is just adorable!
This reminds me of the rooftop scene in the movie 'A Day After Tomorrow'
Why does watching this make me so happy?!! 
Seagulls. Rottnest island Perth Western Australia. Got the vid myself. But...I’ll run with ducks. Sea ducks
Read this to the tune of "Gold on the ceiling"
Hahaha, thanks and that's why I appreciate this service. Folks like you makes the service worthwhile and interesting.
Imagine the sound that a flock of agitated soft-billed ducks would make...

The PFFBTS would echo in your mind for eternity. 
Flap flap flap flap flap flap flap
You can’t get my
Ducks on the ceiling 
Can’t lie, just a mater of time before ya steal em. It’s alright, ain’t no ducks in my house
They're coming
No matter how you look at them, ducks are silly creatures.
Waited for the duck poop, slightly dissatisfied
Flappy feet! FLAPPY FEET!!! ☺☺☺
Ah, one feels like a duck, splashing around in all this wet. 
Quek quek
This is an Aflac commercial waiting to happen 
Didn't that make you smile? 
Wow if this were a chicken or other taloned bird this would have massive horror aesthetics
Good
Idk why, but this is satisfying to watch
They’re clearly upvotes running away from my post
Lol i thought it was an invisable duck until i saw the title


Sorry to spoil the fun but they ain't ducks. Judging by the walk speed and that they are on the roof, I'd say they are more likely to be seagulls.
I can’t lie, just a matter of time... beooore you see me...... it’s all right, ain’t no blood in my house!
♪ ♪  

Down in the waves, she quacks again

Duck as the the door, I just can't take much more

I could never drown in 

♪ ♪
This is a great example of how 2D beings would see 3D beings.
Looks like it could be a scene from a horror movie
Look out! DUCK!
Roof
Danny DeVito Seagull more likely 
Who's that Pokemon cross with Marauder's Map
D

Plot kkklkko

 r/tippytaps

Why this title reminds me of the song, Rain on the Scarecrow. I don’t know.
How ducking thin is the ceiling? 
6
I think I’ve just found the name of my new disco-mento-calypso fusion band
Am I the only one who was expecting a third shadow to appear behind the footprints? 
They have the high ground. 
Oh what a feeling, ducks on the ceiling 
MOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Do you guys remember that one terrible movie called The Fog? It had Tom Welling (the guy who played Superman in Smallville) and it came out in the early 2000s?

There was a scene where his room is being haunted and he looks up and sees black foot prints pacing on the ceiling.

This makes me think OP is being haunted by evil ghost ducks.
That's terrifying 
I hope there’s no quack in the ceiling, or you’ll have to duck! 
*Oh what a feeling...when there’s duck feet on the ceiling*
That is so cute 
Awww? More like Aaaahhh! 
Highway Star! 
This is the best ducking start I could ever have wished for my stupid early morning! Legit laughing out loud (quietly, so as not to disturb the person upstairs).
I've heard that song, it's by the White Keys right?
Fire in the sky?

CAN WE HAVE SOUND FOR THIS?!
The new silent hills game doesnt look as terrifying.
AAAHHHH AAAAHHH AHHHH DUCKS ON A CEILING DO DO DO DO
Someone should edit the sound of  [S](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TG9De1ITICA)quidward feet over this.
It’s like a scene from a horror movie 😳. You think you’ve found cover and you’ll be safe but then...*plepplepplep* they’re on the roof 😵.
I could watch this all day.
*slap slap slap slap*
I dislike birds. But this is adorable.
Can it be synced to Billy Ocean's Dancing on the Ceiling? 
Scene from some horror movie.
Cutest thing ever
I read this caption to the tune of the black keys
They are coming. They are coming.
Is this the sequel to Deep Purple’s ‘Smoke on the Water’? 
I'm imagining little quacks with every step they take lol.
THEY DO THE SLIP SLAP
Life is like a hurricane...
Why aren't the ducks feet leaving prints? There is clearly a layer of something on the roof or else you'd see the duck.
Fire in the sky
I'm rooting for them to take a dump
Ooh what a feeling, when there’s ducks on the ceiling....
I'm tired of these mother fucking ducks on these mother fucking panes
This pleases me
There's a duck up if I ever saw one.
looks like portugal!
Ghost ducks, swear it
QUACK QUACK
Has the obligatory "hooked on a feeling" joke been made yet? 
Starring Samuel L Jackson... (Trailer starts)

"I've had it with these mothafuckin ducks, on this mothafuckin ceiling!"
Initially at a glance I thought that they are ghost footprints of ducks on snow landscape.
They have arrived...
We're they dancing?!
There’s nothing on the roof. Those are ghost-ducks!
ITS SO CUTE!!!!! 😫🥰
"How did the duck's tracks get on the ceiiiling?"
This made me unreasonably happy 
Aw adorable duck feet 
The opposite aura of the Jurassic Park kitchen raptors
...Fire in the sky. 
So adorable!!!
So cute
r/oddlysatisfying 
Oh! What a feeling, when youre dancing on the ceiling
hha
r/tippytaps
Pink champagne on ice
(Unfunny Joke Incoming) Duck Stranding
 QUACK QUACK 
Duck-rassic Park
aww that's cute

Duck Stranding a Hideo Kojima game. 
Quack quack quack Mr. Ducksworth
u/vreddit_bot
Camel on the ceiling. C C C...
Starring Samuel L Jackson
Why does this remind me of the end of bird box
Isn’t that a Black keys song?
I suspect these are actually Seagull feet.

Source: saw the same thing when I rode a ferry once.
Why can't I double upvote this???
*plip plop plip plop*
A strange kind of r/toebeans
They recreated one of the The Day After Tomorrow scenes where the guys accidentally walking on store rooftop  
Aww! Best reddit EVER!
OH LAWD THEY COMIN 
That happens sometimes in class and is pupils find it very amusing somehow
how did he get ducks on his ceiling
Soooooooooooooo cute
Is that our new band name...
I saved this because it makes me laugh and I want everyone to see it!

 "Here non-reddit person, look at this!"
Somebody cue the Lionel Richie... 
Wasn't that a Lionel Richie song? Oh what a feeling. There are Duckies on the Ceiling.
THEY WANNA GET MY...
That would be a fun screensaver or live wallpaper
u/EGG420BLAZE
Looks like the pathing on a minimap that shows your direction of travel.
*Oh, what a feeling... when there’s ducks on the ceiling*
Feels like I'm on quack.
Watch out an enemy has arrived!
These tiny steps just bring me joy :)
*singing* Oh, the duck walked on top of the lemonade stand
"They wanna get my Duck on the ceiling." - The Quack Keys
new version of happy feet.
I ain't blind
Just a matter of time
They wanna get my

They wanna get my

Ducks on the ceiling

I ain't blind

Just a matter of time

Before you steal it

It's alright
This pleases me. 
I was waiting for one to poop 💩
IM TIRED.......OF ALL THESE MUTHAFUKIN DUCKS..... ON THE MUTHAFUKIN CEILING!!!
I absolutely loved this way too much.  
That's just the map that let's us keep track of all the ducks at Hogwarts!
This could definitely be cut with dramatic or intense music.
ghost paws 
This made me and my brother laugh
Those little feet are so cute.
Spider duck, spider duck, does whatever a spider duck does.
Yo this shit is cute af
I have no idea why I think this is so hilarious. 
Foot flippers!
I was waiting for one of them to take a shit but it never happened.
Black Keys rewrite- Duck on the ceiling
Those are definitely seagulls.. ducks wouldn’t be up there
It’s all cute and stuff until one takes a crap
How has nobody pointed out that these ducks are, in fact, on the roof, and not the ceiling?
Something I didn’t know I needed. 
「HIGHWAY STAR」
I just woke up and I thought that ducks were american insects that jumped in pairs and looked like a duck's foot
No. Im pretty sure those are ailien
I god damn love this. Thank you. 
there is a game somewhere in this...
What the duck ?
Silhouettes on the ceiling...
Omg the little feets
Duck Stranding 
Dead stranding, coming soon
Looks like a boat lift to me
You totally could have said invisible ducks, and I would have believed you
Dark Echo...
Starting the day with a smile...thanks for posting this.
Ducks on the ceiling
I ain't blind, it's just a matter of time
Arrival (2016)
I can't stop watching this! So cute!
This terrifies me
Why are the feet so cute? They’re making me giggly!
Harry potter
Lmao
Ghostly r/tippytaps 
Ohh, what a feeling, when there's ducklings on the ceiling...
Quack 

Watch your back, Sam Porter Bridges.
Wow, Pokemon Go has changed a lot 
Anyone else read this in their heads to the tune “hooked on a feeling”?
Oh I just thought you had bird demons
Don’t make any sound, are you wearing your baby encapsulated?! 


Duckopolypse
Nice
How do you know it's ducks? That could be literally anything with duck feet 
I think we all live in dread of ducks on our ceiling. I know I do.
ALiEn sHipS MoVinG iN aNd oUT oF OuR diMeNSiOn ...QUiCkLy~ 🐣 
I saw seagulls doing this same thing once, and it was on a sunny day so they cast shadows which looked like drumsticks walking around on the shade sails.
Tippy tap!
Those black keys and their song titles
I thought it was invisible ducks in the snow. 
Ducks on the ceiling, and fire in the skies.
I can hear the quacking
I was expecting poop
This exact thing happened in my GCSE exam and there were like 10 of them. It was a completely silent room then we heard tapping we looked up and just saw 20 little flippers on the roof.
Mischief managed 

That first duck thought he spotted a bug ran towards it, and pecked it but it was just one of those black specks on the surface. Lol :(
How did the duck tracks get on the ceiling?!

Spider duck, spider duck,
Does whatever a spider duck does.
Can he swing from a vine? 
No he can’t he’s a duck.
Looook ouuuuttttt, he is a spider duck!

u/vredditshare
Is this "Arrival" spin-off?
Harry Potter's magic map...... 
For a second i though that they were upside down and there were invisible. Lol
Champagne on ice
Don't let highway star get your scent!!!!
This might be a good spot to find some ingredients!
What a feeling....ducks on the ceiling. 🦆🎼 
Fucking saved this post! This was too cute not be saved for later viewing. 
Looks like the lobby at the cosmo
That’s amazing! I love the feet! So cute!
I was expecting a little poo shadow to appear suddenly
I have HAD IT with these motherfuckin’ ducks on this motherfuckin’ CEILING!!
That'd be a cool screensaver.
Damn I filmed this exact thing the other day.
Ducks on the ceiling  
Quackers in the sky
This brought me such joy
I didn’t know I needed to see this
Is this by chance in South Africa 
Edit: hilarious question, I know 
What a feeling...ducks on the ceiling
Nani? It's an enemy stand! 
I love ducks
Duck Stranding.
Shhh... They are coming.
PAT PAT PAT PAT PAT PAT PAT PAT
Definitely thought one was going to poop
Quack Quack mother fucker 
When the ceiling starts quacking
I was half-waiting for hundreds of duck feet to appear
Duck version of the TWD...
this looks like a good place to find some ingredients
DirecTV used to have music channels with patterns like this going across the screen.
How?
DuckFeet Woo-oo!
Horror movie in the making
This is actually a scene  from Stephen King's The Mist 2: All Quacked Up.
Just heard Samuel L. Jackson voice 'Muthu fucking ducks on the ceiling!'
They gon get my...
So, birdbox, or Harry Potter? 
Cute as hell haha <3
Little feetsies <33333
Whoaaaaaa what a feeling, ducks walking on the ceiling 
Jesus Christ this confused the hell out of me
Thought ducks couldn't fly😂😂😂
[/r/ThanksILoveIt](/r/TILI)
Awe these wittle feet look like seaguls.
All I can hear is hooked on a feeling.  Where is weird al.
I want to hear the tiny quacks.
Duuuccckkkssss on the ceiling, Mallards in the sky. 
imagine being a duck
Is that not the sweetest thing.
Like a horror movie 
Cant hear. Want to hear quacks please.
I was waiting for one to leave a turd
I love this
*jurrasic park music starts playing*
Hopefully they don't crap on the ceiling
Oh no! The Ducks of Doom have found me and are now tormenting me!
[deleted]
She be bad she be bad she be bad ducky
r/mildlydisturbing 
Paranormal ducktivity
Looks like manta rays 
Did anybody else read this to the tune of the Black Keys? [Ducks On The Ceiling](https://youtu.be/6yCIDkFI7ew)
I solemnly swear I’m up to no good.
The ducks are actually Tom Riddle 
Oh what a feeling, when
Call the preacher 
Mischief managed.
Where is the point to aww?
This really gets over 60k upvotes? I really don’t understand Reddit! Golden posts will have 100 upvotes, but someone uploads a video of ducks walking on a roof and it goes viral. What in the actual hell!?
It has your scent now!
Hideo Kojima's Duck Stranding 
Ducks on the ceiling 
*sang to the tune of the Black Keys*
This.....is the best video I've ever seen.  The only thing that would make this better is being able to hear their soft little duck quacks.
Cute I suppose , till one of them shits
That’s really precious
Sounds like a medical condition like Charley Horse.
There's a quack on the ceiling.
That's how noone knew where scoorge McDucck hid his gold
Ducks in the ceiling. Fire in the sky.
Spider duck

Spider duck

Does whatever a spider duck does

Can he swing

From a web

No he can’t

He’s a duck

Look Out

He is a spider duck
This is a song by the black keys right?
Another candidate for potential band names. 
Day made !
Are you sure they are ducks, they look like they may be seagull tracks?
Duck Stranding
I love the Spanish word for duck, "Pato", because in my mind it perfectly for how they walk.
This would make a great scene in a horror movie where someone has to keep quiet and hide or the bloodthirsty ducks will swarm them.
Without context I might be frightened out of my mind.
Anyone else reminded of that footprint minigame from Explorers of Time/Darkness/Sky?
A wild Pokémon is about to appear 
Seagulls
This made my day!! 🦆
"Ain't gonna get my
Ducks, on the ceeeeeeiling
They got bread
Ain't no bread in my house"
I was expecting a duck suddenly shitting, was disapointed
Hi buddies!
Mischief Managed...NOW GET OFF MY ROOF!!!
Different animal and this becomes terrifying
its duck tales :D
Oh wow, so cute😊
Duck Stranding
Cwack cwack baby
Oh what a feeliin!
Got any grapes? Woddle woddle 
It's perfect for falling asleep while counting ducks
Nope, I guess I havn’t seen everything yet...
Ducks are so great. My in-laws had a duck and he recently disappeared. It was a cool lil duck, it had a tail feather that curled and he kept the outside dog company. I don't know what happened to it and I'm bummed because seeing it's face every day and being followed around the yard as he quacked was just comforting and different. I hope it didn't suffer if it passed. Miss you Mr. Quackers. 
I was really hoping for one to poop. 
Ducks have got to be some of the goofiest bastards on the planet
I am the only one that read that with the melody  from Gold on the ceiling by the Black Keys? 
It's only aww until they poop, then it's r/awwwtf
Mischief managed
Better than snakes on the plane!
Or the demon from Paranormal Activity 
Ah yes,  one of my favorite Black Keys hits. 
Seagulls. 
Anyone remembers that level on Donkey Kong DS?
Oh, ducklings!
This is what the rest of my organs see when they look up towards my brain 
I might be wrong, but I don't think that's how The Black Keys' song goes.
“Oh what a feelin’, havin ducks upon your ceiling.” - original lyrics written by Lionel, but changed as too controversial for the time. 
Very cute.
The first thing i thought about is the stand highway star from jjba
Hey look ,tiny upvotes crawling around 
10 meters...

5 meters...

5 meters? That’s in the room!

Wait... (looks up)
awwww
I don't remember that English Beat song.
Can't fight this fire... Can't fight this feeling, let's take it higher... 
Wonder what happens if you tickle their feet?
Everybody got a lot of ducks here now 
All I can think right now is how much better “Smoke on the water” would be as “Ducks on the ceiling”... and now it’s stuck in my head.
This fills me with indescribable joy
QUACK... what a feelin’!
Oh what a feeling...
They wanna get my
They wanna get my
DUCKS on the ceiling
I ain't blind
Just a matter of time
Before you steal it
It's alright
Mischief managed 
this is the best. thank you 
It first I thought it was invisible ducks in the snow
Their webbed little feet look like upvotes.
I solemnly swear that I am up to no good
Lmao this is amazing 
So cute
Ooo~ what a feeling when there's ducks on the ceiling 
Why is this making me so happy? I have a lot of self analysing to do.
Looks like one of those horror films where sudden footprints start appearing all over the place
Thanks I love it 
One feels like a duck, splashing around in all this wet!
That’s the roof, the ceiling is the underside of the top of a room. They’d be walking on the ceiling if they were like spiderpig. 
Hey, got any grapes?
I am not disappointed.
Upside invisible ducks. I can't be the only one.
Guess the squirrel didn't tell them about the bobcat...
I would not be able to contain my excitement. ADORABLE LIL QUACKERS 😍
I love it when you see the duck accelerate and peck on that little black dot. I love ducks
DUCKS ON PARADE
This is my friends video!!! 
*Mission Impossible theme*
Terrifyingly cute. 
one of the best reasons to have ducks around
What a feeling....

Edit: I got the line wrong and someone beat me to it : ( 
This reminds me of doing my exams in school, they was in the sportshall with a shitty opaque roof similar to the one in the GIF. Once you finished your exam, just look up and watch the seagulls and pigeons walk and poop everywhere. Really made the time pass quicker. 
Marauder’s Map for ducks!
Professor.... I thought that I saw.. that I saw Peter Pettigrew on the map....
what a feeling...when there's ducklings on the ceiling.
camera crew solemnly swore they’re up to no good
I solemnly swear I am up to no good
Oh what a feeling


Duckies on the ceiling
This is the cutest thing I've ever seen. 
Geese like to hang out on my roof in the spring and fall......they have loud feet.
The Marauder’s Quack
I Solemnly swear that I am up to no good
I’m reading the title to the tune of ‘Gold on the Ceiling’ by The Black Keys for some reason and it makes it even better than it already is. 
Where the hell is the audio? I need audio for this cuteness! 
I thought they were invisible at first and was like, how did they do that?  😂
u/fuckswithducks
Duck Stranding
Is this heaven?
Looks like a Stephen King movie
I didn't know that I needed this in my life
“I solemnly swear I am up to no good”
A similar thing happened when I sew Seth Lakeman perform in a marquee. We had seagulls waddling around on the roof.
This is SO FUCKING CUTE!! AHH
Totally hearing an oboe playing while they walk.
*The ghosts of Duckmas past*
Mischief Managed
/U/bender989/
Lol I want sound to this
I saw this at cedar point!
That’s my favorite Black Keys song!
I'm mesmerized.
I solemnly swear I am up to no good 
I thought the animal was invisible for a second
Post should be “there’s a quack in the ceiling”. Miss opportunity 
They're hunting us
Still better than snakes on a plane. 
Them little feetsies!!
You know this just reminds me of the Maurader’s map in Harry Potter with the invisible brown footprints on beige paper.
It reminds me of the marauder's map from Harry Potter.
Leprechauns with duck shoes...
Looks like a screensaver from the 90s
Brilliant
Aww so cute
I solemnly swear that I am up to no good
That's my favorite song by The Black Geese
Better than the Anaheim Ducks, who are in the basement.
🎶Oh what a feeling, when there's ducks on the ceiling🎶
Ducks on the Ceiling? That's my favorite song by The Quack Keys!
"I solemnly swear that I am up to no good" !
Look at all those chickens!
Count Quackula 
I got scared and then said ‘Aww’
Duck trails - woohoo 
This would make an amazing live wallpaper
It reminds me of the mist.
Sounds like a new single for the black Keys
mischief managed. 
Oh what a feeling!
When there's ducks on the ceiling!
how.. how did it get there 😭
“Oh what a feeling, ducks on the ceiling”
A little duck feet now and again will do the world some good. 
I just love this video so much 
This is dumbest and cutest thing I’ve ever seen
Aren't they technically on the roof?
Them feet’s 
Unexpected ducks
If those were ducks you’d be seeing a lot more dark patches of their poop cuz they go a looooooot

Source: indoor duck owner
*in tune of more than a feeling by Boston*: ducks on the ceiling
Highway Gogo

This or a similar video has been posted before and the title always calls them ducks. I've never seen ducks on top of a structure. They like to be on the ground.
I didn't check the subreddit and was prepared for them to take a massive dump on the roof.
I hope the glass doesnt quack.
Imagine if your sitting inside a building, the cold winter air makes it difficult to breath, every breath like breathing glass.

Then you hear it, the sound *cracking* sounds of the frosted glass above you.

You dont see anything at first. But as it gets louder and louder, eventually you can see little webbed imprints. *they're here*

They seem to know you are there, but they cant seem to figure out your below them.

Your heart rate increases, there isnt anywhere left to run. You cant outrun them. Your life and everyone with you relies on a small piece of frozen, brittle, and easily broken glass
Ghost feetsies
Mischeif managed!
This made me inordinately happy.
that's pretty sweet :) thanks for sharing. 
It’s like The Mist, but instead of looking out through the super market glass windows, you’re looking at the ceiling... and much more terrifying.
Pitter patter let's get at'er.
pleasesitpleasesitpleasesitpleasesitpleasesit
Birdbox 2
r/Ducksonglass...?
mischief managed
My favorite Black Keys song.
What the Duck?!
That one duck on the right running to eat that spot on the roof :)
I ain’t blind, just a matter of time.
This made me smile so much ❤️
Which harry potter spell is this?
Ducks in a row
3d things look weird in 2d slices.
"Then they waddled away...waddle waddle."
This gives me an idea
The Arrival.. The reuturn of the Dukapods
Oh oh what a feelin 
It's perfectly fine that I thought I was going to see Spider Ducks walking on a ceiling XD
Pit Pat pit Pat pit pit pit pit...pat
Waiting till the poop drops.
My favourite Lionel Richie song
Duck. Duck. Duck. 
Duck. Duck. Duck-Duck.
Duck. Duck. Duck. 
On the ceeeeeeiliiing
I solemnly swear that I am up to no good
I wish I could hear the flip flap of their little stompers. 
That’s too funny😂
aw!
This sounds like a song
DUCKS ON THE CEILING!!!!
OOH OOH DUCKS ON THE CEILING.
They wanna get my
Ducks on the ceiling
I ain't lying; it's just a matter of time
I was waiting for one of them to just take a shit. Am I really that cynical anymore?
This sounds like the title to that black keys song
r/oddlyterrifying

I’m pretty sure these are sealgulls 
r/OHGODNOTHEDUCKS
I agree
Ducks On The Ceiling..

..the rock band.
"r/BrandNewSentence is going to love "Oh, Christ; not ducks on the ceiling again."
*Oh, what a feeling*

*When you've got ducks on the ceiling*
I solomly swear I'm up to no good
Ducks on the ceiling, I only got just a matter of time before they're quaking 
This is very ominous
This wasn’t filmed at Lake George in New York, was it?
I wonder what Samuel L Jackson would have to say about this...
Looks like the thing from harry potter on the map he has
Mmm, ceiling duck
This is why I come here
Now we need cats on the ceiling. And then trash pandas on the ceiling. I need more!
The duckpocalypse
Wispers: their in the vents
It’s better when it’s a cat
Mankatol
Ppppl
P
 m mm look. Ll LL ....o...o. I'm
Lppppl
Ppppl
I only I'm m ok km mk mkkk people me. O.. Coupl my
P like me
Is this the marauder’s map?
100K post. You know this is getting reposted many times (if it hasn’t been already) 
Those. Duck. Feet.
That’s super cool 
Wait were you on a miami boat trip the other day?... because this looks awe fully familiar..
Is this a sequel to The Mist? 
Anyone else read this to the tune of "Gold on the ceiling"?
They just got caught casing the joint
ohhhooo what a feeeli-ing, to be duuucks on the ceiling
That’s just the cutest little video that I ever did see 
I quite literally said, “aww!” 😍
u/oxi124 
I had to watch this WAY too many times to get my brain to process what it was seeing.
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SO1NvBd72L4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SO1NvBd72L4)
*pat pat pat pat*
Forthcoming Black Keys hit song. 
Meroders map 
I solemnly swear I am up to no good
Seems an aweful lot like "all the unproductive content flooding the subreddit lately."
Wow this a great post Adam nice job 
It's like that map on Harry Potter 
Those little feetsies 😭😭
I solemnly swear I’m up to no good
Is it weird that I find this cute?
When the ducks come marching in.
Ok I didn't read the text first so I thought this was just snow on the ground... ghost ducks
Everybody thank you so much! I was just granted access into the eternity club!
