My dog is the opposite.  If I start yelling at the computer or something, he will go hide somewhere.  Makes me feel even worse for scaring him. 
Meanwhile mine is whine-crying because she can’t make her lamb chop stuffy squeak. 
All my dumb cat does when I get upset is get more upset and then either zoom around like a maniac while yelling at me loudly, or, even better, stress eat and then barf it up on the part of the carpet that's closest to the hardwood floor, but not actually ON the hardwood floor because that would be civilized. 

I've learned to temper my emotional reactions to things for fear of upsetting the stupid cat.  So I guess his form of therapy has worked for me.
Can I borrow him please? 
Those big eyes hold the universe within them
My dog climbs onto my husband and licks his face every time he’s overly emotional.   Happy or mad, she just wants him calm.   She hates hockey playoffs for sure.  But any fight we’ve had since she’s been in our lives has ended quickly.  Hard to be mad with her sweet face bringing the kisses and cuddles.
Our dogs look like cousins.

Kenz: [https://imgur.com/KrwR0pX](https://imgur.com/KrwR0pX)
What breed is this?
I’m a type 1 diabetic, and my old dog who wasn’t trained at all in that field would always nudge his head on me when my blood sugar was low. Must have been able to sense me shaking or something along those lines. He was a great boy. 
i am the dog - i feel your sad

my fren, i wanna make you glad

life - it can frustrate so much

but, sometimes, just a gentle touch

to let you know somebody care

my fren - for you i'm Always there

i'll place my head upon your knee

to let you know

i'm Here!

love,

me
What a precious angel 💙
Aww, he looks so concerned! My cat is like that too! Such sweet creatures, it's no wonder they become part of your family.
For those asking for more pics, I made a [small album](https://imgur.com/a/6DqwqTg) picked out of the first few hundred pics out of the thousands I have of him. He about 2.5 years old with a halloween birthday.
Spoiler: he’s a splooter

As far as his breed, all we were originally told was that he was a terrier mix. All we know for sure is that he’s a mutt. We have heard everything from Rhdoesian Ridgeback (I have pics of his ridge when he gets excited, but could find to post) to Lab to heelers to collies to pit bulls. Wish I could share more * SEE EDIT

And to answer the most common question, the brand of my pants is Brooklyn Mfg Co. they’re called “the jogger” reference number 13523, I believe I got them at Marshall’s or Tj Maxx

Edit: [link to pants](https://www.brooklyncloth.com/collections/the-jogger/products/white-printed-space-dye-heat-seal-fleece-jogger-pants)

**BREED DNA TEST RESULTS** https://i.imgur.com/pIkj0ee.jpg


Thank you everyone for your awesome stories and guilding!
All dogs are therapy dogs.  Most of them just freelance.

-quote I read once on imgur
Look at his little whiskers!
What a pretty boy, his fur looks like it would be soft.
My Husky does this too whenever I play a certain mobile game. He hears the game music and instantly comes to comfort me cause I sometimes get mad while playing it haha. He’s so sweet. 
What a sweet face!! 
His way of saying, "It will be okay."
Back when she was in high school my sister got into a minor car accident. She was only 16 so it shook her up really bad. When she got home she lost it and started bawling on the couch. Our Bichon came running, jumped on her lap and started licking her face. Calmed her down almost instantly. Basically I'm saying that dogs are awesome and can do wonders for mental health
My old roommate's AmStaff would do the same thing. I'd be playing a game and then scream "fuck!" and he would come right over to me, even if he was in a different room, without fail to be like "everything ok man?"
are those joggers or pyjamas because they look dope
“Anything I can do, hooman?
He’s a good boy.
Reynar is the best boy. 
Whenever my husband gets mad or frustrated, our girl climbs on his lap, and alternates between pawing him and nudging him with her nose until he snuggles her. 

Naturally it makes him instantly calm down, but she stays on his lap until he convinces her that he isn't mad anymore. 
Dogs emulate their human's emotions. If you're angry, they're angry too. If you're sad, they're sad too. It's one of the many reasons dogs make such amazing pets, they've got your back, and they don't care why. So whenever you can, be happy around your dog!
Full time job: heart melter! Super cute!
I would never get tired of looking at that face. What a special boy!
I've never seen a non-pitbull look so much like a little velvet land seal. What a sweet face! 
I would die for this dog 
What a good boi
awww i wanna pet him
out of curiosity. which breed?
I think all dogs are therapy dogs at heart. Some are just better and professional ones. 
Well since you were frustrated, i hope you are fine now! 
Aww. My sister and our family's Yorkie never really got close, whereas he was my little monster and I absolutely adored him. He ended up living at her house for a while. She and my mom got into a fight and my sister (who almost never cries and is a little too good at keeping her emotions in check) went into another room, sat on a chair, and started crying. Little Egor followed her over, and just sat at her feet looking at her. I witnessed the whole thing, pointed it out to her (and also gave her a hug), and I'm pretty sure it helped her feel just a little better (and gave her more of an appreciation for that dog). 

Dogs are just the best. 
What breed is your dog?  I see a lot of similarities to my rescue I got a couple years ago.  They didn't know what she was aside from the part pitbull so we just make random guesses Haha

Here she is:
http://imgur.com/gallery/vyjD8NO
Whenever my siblings and I would rough-house as kids, my dog would loudly bark at the proceedings until we stopped.
I read most of the posts  they all seem to focus on cats personally I think your dog is the cutest sweetest thing I've seen and I'm glad that he / she is there to console you!!
my german shepherd does the *same* exact thing. I dont know if its for her benefit or for mine, but I don't mind either way.
The cutest thing ever!!!!
The dogs that I've had only do this when I'm not paying attention to them
You know, I'd really love a trained therapy dog for bad times. But any dog would be good for those times. 
He looks like a seal. I love him
My cats are this way. If I am watching a movie and something sad comes on, or if I get angry at something, one of them comes over almost immediately and curls up in my lap. 
Both of our doodles can sense stress in us and then provide innate support. 
He's a cutie, what type of dog is he?
that angle makes him look like hes going "nom"
The John Coffey of the dog world.
i guess We both shop at Marshall's
All doggos are therapy doggos
#mostupvotedcomment 
What a face. Who could resist?
Awww, pets know what their people sound like when all is not well. 
If you raise your voice enough my pup immediately tries to get your attention to make you feel better, she takes you her toys and makes you try to play with her so you stop focusing on whatever is making you angry, and if you're standing she'll jump on you and whine until you give her attention. She's a helper and lover at heart.
"What's wrong, I try and help :("

What a sweetheart.
Slick looking doggo
My dog does this when I’m eating
One of my little buddies does the exact same thing.  At the slightest hint of frustration on my part (especially when watching baseball or football games) she will pin her ears back, slink over, and bury her head somewhere on my body as if to say "It's okay daddy, no be mad, I gotchu."
15/10 doggo, what a good boy 
I may sound like a total geek here but I'm really impressed at the quality of the photo
My dog can always tell if there’s an argument brewing. He’ll come over and wag his tail super hard if he doesn’t like your tone. 
If I'm alone and depressed old man cat will come and insist on cuddles, he'll even knock on the bedroom door (he knows he's banned from that room, and won't normally go near it)

He's also alerted us to Somone on our roof outside one of the windows (maintenance guy, not burglar).

So caring <3 
My black lab used to do that when I raged playing video games when I was young.  Made me feel stupid
Why do you get audibly frustrated?
Our dogs look like they could be related! Is yours from Savannah, GA by any chance?
I have those same exact pants. So comfy and look even comfier with the good boy resting on em
My kitty comes over and sits in my lap or paws at my face when I am crying or upset. Aninals that can read distress are seriously amazing and so helpful.
My dog always paws at my and tries to lick my when I'm crying. They definitely know when something is wrong.
My doggo is the same way!!! We go on road trips/camping throughout the year and every time I’m driving and internally screaming she puts her snoot in my leg/back/under my arm. It’s the cutest!!! But also I thinks she wants to survive. 🤭
That dog is beautiful.
Awwww 🥰 what a cute pupper
Das een lieve hond jonguh!!
Look at that face! What a sweetheart!
My dog does the same thing. He helps me calm down much faster!
Clearly the goodest of boys
I want a dog...:(
My cat knows when I’m sad. Either that or I’m just sitting still long enough for her to curl up and enjoy my sweet sweet body heat. Jk I know she’s being a sweety.
Pls stop!
HUG AND PET HIM!
Mine does this too. It's the most adorable thing ever, until I'm playing God Of War on GMGOW and cussing every two minutes. Poor girl is a headcase every time I start it up lol. 
That dog looks so huggable..
It's amazing how dogs can just sense when you're "off," even if you don't say anything. I've got a dalmatian-pit mix who's able to just tell when I'm starting to get stressed out even before I do. I very rarely show when I'm stressed and tend to just internalize it, but she always finds a way of knowing. She'll normally try and climb up and give me hugs as her way of letting me know everything is going to be alright.
My golden retriever used to do this all the time. My mother got her for me after my high school graduation and when I would cry myself to sleep every night (long story but my father died and my mom lost the love of her life and fell apart) she would literally climb all over me on the bed, kiss my face until I laughed, and sometimes would lay on my face when I didn’t stop. I’m not sure if that was her trying to smother me, or if she thought her soft puppy belly was a better comfort. She was the one true dog— the one baby girl who kept me alive in some of the darkest times of my life. For 13 years she would come to me whenever she heard me crying— even when I was mad she would bark to get my attention and kiss me endlessly. I think she knew when I was angry that I was really just hurting inside and sad.

My mom died in August, 13 years after my dad died. I buried her on the exact day he died 13 years before. I think Momo, my little baby, stayed around after she died because I really, really needed her. She died from the same thing my mother did exactly two months after mom.

I lost so much in 2018. I’m painting the picture of our last goodbye right now. I’ll never have another dog like her. I miss them both— so so much. I love you Momo, you were the one true dog. The good girl. My girl.

The rainbow bridge is where I will find you next. Wait for me at the crossing.
My dog doesn’t react at all, she’ll just wake up to make sure the house isn’t on fire, give me a dirty look and then go back to sleep.
I know it may look like it, but he is not being a therapy dog. He is showing signs of fear and anxiety due to your “audible” frustration. Ears back and wide eyed are not good signs. I would try to avoid showing your frustration in front of him if you want what’s best for him. 
All dogs are therapy dogs. Some are just professionals. 
Nah he just wants to snack on that juicy leg
My cat screams at me and bites my leg if I get mad. I think she’s just trying to shut me up. 
I thought he was biting your leg for a second lol
Where'd you get those space dye pants i have the same shirt i want those
r/boopablenosies would love this good boy :)
What kind of pup is he?
as a side note I have those same joggers. do they fall down your ass constantly?
Love it! Makes my heart melt 
What kind of dog?
We just ordered DNA on this fellow terrier mix....we have had him 4 months and just are dying to know https://imgur.com/Kq8aGgl.jpg
My Aussie does this when he wants attention... which is all the time haha. Cute pup :) 
"Look into my eyes...breath deeply ... remain calm...just pet me, I promise you'll be better, fren"
Nice
I need this dog while playing Rocket League
I had a chocolate lab that would demand to be walked when ever I got overly verbally mad at the kids. It would punch the any stainless steel appliance it could find and it was impossible to ignore it. I swear that dog knew that those walks calmed me down. Ever though I didn't realize it myself until the day he died.
I'm not going to cry...😟
That is a precious pup. What’s his breed?
Oh my god those EYES!!
Lol he is all like”Hooman, I’m here to halp “
mönch
That FACE. 
My orange cat use to cuddle up when i was feeling sad/crying. He always slept at the foot of my bed too. I miss that old guy.
Love
that 'its all going to be okay' look is adorable
That face would calm down anyone having a bad day.
Kiss his head and tell him he's a very good boye. 
I don't like to watch football around my dog. I can't react negatively at all or she gets too concerned.
Can I have him?
Lucky!!! My dog just takes off and hides for an hour or so. Then I have to lure her out with food...
I need a dog. 
My dog does this too.  Funny enough, he's an old grumpy bastard who will get angry and growl if you pet him when he doesn't want to be pet.  He'll also climb in my lap for pets and a snooze when I start yelling about whatever dumb shit is causing me to lose my patience.
When my gf swears, my dog (who normally doesn't cuddle, but still loves to play and be near people / mainly me) will come over and rest his head on her to comfort her.
I used to have a German Shepherd that would drastically react when i would say 'fuck!' and immediately try to come and climb into my lap.
Give that pupper a petting for me please!
I sense you maybe going through something, I just wanted to make sure that this doesnt get in the way of you feeding me.
I could use this right now.  I've been super stressed for days and I'm not 100% sure why.

I think I have the same pants as you lol
I fucking love your pants. Where you get dem at.
In not crying, you are.
My pup started doing this when I became pregnant. Now at 8.5 months I say “ouch” and she comes running. 
If only dogs could slap us...
Comment nr 100
Btw very cute doggo
All good doggos are therapy doggos at heart.
[deleted]
What kind of dog is he?
Das good pupper. 
My dog runs and hides whenever he senses that I'm frustrated. Poor little guy scares so easy but then acts tough around other dogs.
AWE SO CUTE TOTALLY A DOG THAT LOVES YOU :)
My lab when she notices me getting frustrated will basically climb in my lap no matter where I am and try and kiss me better.
I have those exact joggers lol. Brooklyn is the brand I think?
I have a therapy chameleon and all it does is change colors when people come near me..
This happens every time I eat food. Mines a beggar at heart. 
What breed is this bebe? 
Poor pupper would get an anxiety attack watching me play War Thunder.
Isn't this a repost?
That's one handsome boy right there.
I have a dog that look extremely similar but we don’t know her origin at all. Do you know his breed? 
❤️ I’ve always been able to get that kind of reaction from the dogs I’ve owned by doing nothing but sitting near them when sad, when no one else knew.  Some have an incredible ability we haven’t figured out yet.   They also make very good listeners and rarely interrupt with their own problems...
When I'm stressed in bed my cat puts her paws on my face and meows directly in my ear. How sweet.
Baby seal!  
Wholesome! My dog has become my therapist too.
Omg that face. 
While myne just hides in the basement if a raise my voice so much as a hair while watching sports.
This is how my pup comforts me too.. and also how she tells me she has to poop.  This type of cuteness is conflicting in my home.
Dude, are you feeling as close to me as I feel to you? https://imgur.com/a/EWjX9Wh
Beagle hound? Mine looks like they could be siblings. 
Those EYES!!! ❤️
My good girl is the exact same way
You're lucky he hasn't considered charging 
Cute dog
My dog does this too, but really it's because they are scared and think they did something wrong. They hear the anger and frustration in your voice and think you are talking to them. They come to you to say sorry. 
My dog does the same thing, if I get angry at a games she runs over to console me and it's the cutest thing ever
I thought he was trying to eat your thigh
If my wife and I disagree loudly, not argue, our's looks at us and starts shaking
It's judging you. 
Audibly frustrated
I have those joggers! Gonna take a pictute late with my dog and start a thing. 
He’s adorable, what kind of dog?
Oh, those eyes. 😍 I'm in love.
My cat does the same
Awwww you are lucky!! 🥰
Mine looks almost identical to yours! We figured she is a mix between lab and beagle but we aren't sure. 
This is so special! I miss having a dog! I’m from South Africa and moved to London. My dog lives with my parents back home. 
What a sweet face.

&#x200B;
Those evil eyes!

"Of course you can have some pizza!"
Super cute!
Awe, reminds me of my recently passed prissy girl. There’s nothing like the comfort of a fur baby. 
Actually the cutest thing I’ve seen today
My boy turtle does this too. He responds to any frustrated/angry tone of voice by climbing onto the offender's lap and laying his head on their chest. Quite useful when dealing with the cable company over the phone. I call him my anger management therapy dog 
What kind of dog is he? He looks almost identical to mine
He's a good boy.
😋
Cutest face I’ve seen since my pupper passed away a couple weeks ago 🥺
That’s the cutest shit I’ve ever seen
Those eyes ☺️☺️☺️
My dog lays across my chest when I cuss or say anything under my breath
Looks like he's scared.
This is my pupper's "So, I see you have some food, would you mind sharing?" and "I kind of have to pee, but not rush" move.  One is just a little more intently than the other.
This happens with mine too! She's so concerned when I show even the slightest agitation. What a sweetheart.
I sometimes feel like my grandparents's dog's therapy human. (He gets angry if he's not being petted, but if he is, he's almost completely quiet.)
My dog does this too, but only when I have good food she wants some if it.
My girl does the same thing!!  I thought it was audibly triggered as well but the other day I came home upset and without me saying a word she knew.  It's like she can smell the upset on me.  We truly don't deserve dogs, they're amazing.
When I get frustrated and I’m sitting down, my Labrador jumps up at me and basically pins me down, then tries to bite my lips and mouth??? All whilst panting a lot and trying to cuddle up as hard as possible. I’ve never seen dog behaviour like this till I got my lovable weirdo lab. 
Mine is the same way! It’s impossible to watch sports around her. 
Mine started doing something similar. She can really detect when I'm frustrated or angry by my voice or body language and will start whining, wagging her tail, and trying to calm me down. Dont know how she learned it but its pretty cool.
I think we accidentally trained our dog to recognize our panic attacks. Started out by having her go to the other to help ground us; next thing we know, she's doing this on her own before either of us recognize that we're about to panic.

Love dogs so much :)
Hey that looks like my dog!
Damn. All my dog does is lay around all day and go to the door when he has to go outside. Runs when I get upset. Never wants to snuggle. Asshole. 
I thought your pants/leg was a birch tree...
My little dog used to come up to me whenever I was audibly frustrated while playing games

He used to climb into my lap and put his front paws over my shoulders and sniff my face

I miss him so much, but cherish every moment he was still with me
Mine does the same! It's so sweet and keeps me in check. 
thats the look my dog gives me when shes about to try to bite my face (in a non playful way)
THAT FACE 😍🥰
What type of dog is he? He looks just like my rescue and I have no idea what bread she is. 
Those eyes!! 
What a good boy! 😊😊
Thats a cutie. Looks like my dog Maya. What breed is he?
I want a dog for this reason. That makes my heart melt. You're so lucky!

When I finally sit down to do any sort of frustrating work, my pup will bring me a toy... after an hour of running around and playing out back 
Beautiful dog. Those eyes are full of love for you. Things get better slowly but surely, you have the best mate for that. Never surrender my friend, a better life is waiting for the new you.
He’s so cute I tried to pet him through my phone.
My dog did that all the time. He would’ve been the perfect emotional support animal, but in reality I was his emotional support human. He was such a good boy and I miss him every day.
I have those exact sweatpants
My dog fancies himself a referee. Whenever I’m arguing with someone he’ll run between us trying to lick at me or the other person as if telling us to calm down. He does the same if two dogs get into minor fights/spats at the dog park. Will run right over to then and bodyslam them gently to break it up. 
My dog does the same thing, and whenever someone sneezes he runs away. I don't understand him sometimes, but I love him 👍
My dog does this when I’m on the toilet
All dogs are therapy dogs- some are just freelancers!
My kitties do something similar! It's not common that I get really upset, but when I do, my kitties almost always come into my office (if they weren't already there) and make themselves known. They seem to be able to tell that I need a calming presence. 

I love my meowy floofs.
When my parents are drunk and they raise their voices at each other our dog races upstairs and into my room. She looks at me and whines and follows my every move. I give her lots of pets and "everything is okay"s to calm her down. I'm not sure whether she comes to me to be calmed or to calm me but either way it works out.
A land otter if I’ve ever seen one more 
omg how can I love your dog this much 
Oh my goodness he's so precious! 😭
hug that puppy. 
My dog is the same!!! Last week my friend was laughing really hard and he thought she was upset, so he ran up and cuddled her 
I didn’t realize how much I use specific swear words until my dog started recognizing them and trying to comfort me. I would swear loudly and then she would come over and put her face next to mine which would inevitably make me laugh. 
My diabetic friend's dog started alerting her when her blood sugar was too high or low. She's been training him to be a service dog. Can confirm he is very good boye.
Dog: You need to calm the fuck down!
Beautiful pup.  Granted we're basing this on one photo, but I think he's showing body language that he's a little anxious/ stressed, in reaction to you being upset.    I suspect he needs your reassurance that all is okay, not the other way around.    :-)
This brought out an audible and physical "awe" in me in public
This is so nice to read all these wholesome comments. I yelled yesterday for the first time near my pup and she didnt seem bothered but I still was worried I was being a bad influence. When I went and sat down after, apologizing profusely, she lay down and cuddled me hardcore. Felt immensely better after that.
That’s awesome. 

I found out I have a therapy cat. I recently had to put one of my cats down. When I got home afterward I was still pretty emotional and my other cat was all over me, purring, meowing and rubbing up against me trying to get me to pet him. Way more so than normal. 
He looks like a little drop of caramel chocolate love.
Sweet little caramel fluff
My dog does that too. Not allowed to get mad while playing games or she'll come running and force me to pet her. 
Do they train any therapy dogs to react to cold silence? When I get angry or frustrated my natural reaction is to smother all emotion and go quiet.
I swear your dog is my dogs twin
Oof - that’s a handsome sweet dog
How do you keep that rug so clean.
This is what my dog has become for me. I didn’t train him to do this but whenever I am audibly upset, especially if I say “fuck”, he runs over to me and does this. If I don’t stop then he runs and hides. He has taught me so much about controlling my temper because watching him run and hide makes me feel unbelievably guilty and sad knowing I’m causing him stress: Roux is my bff for sure.
All dogs are therapy dogs. Most of them just freelance. 

I didn’t make that up. I’m not that clever. I’m sorry I can’t credit where credit is due. 
My dog does the same...while I'm eating.
My dog just doesn’t react 
Yep, my boy's the same, I start getting even slightly agitated when I'm playing a game and he comes over and does this...and doesn't move. I have to pause and spend 10 min telling him I'm ok before he gets the idea
Damn dis dog could save a lot of energy in my house....cute little boy...
I got frustrated the other day because I couldn’t reach a bolt I had dropped into the engine bay. My cat immediately responded by pissing on my car.
All dogs are Therapy dogs.
Most of them just freelance.
Aww cute. My doggo does this to me whenever I have food.  I feel manipulated. 
Apparently one of mine comforts my husband when he gets frustrated playing video games. Neither of them do it for me whole I'm playing. Idk if I'm less vocal or they love me less. Or, since they seem to see me as pack leader, maybe they think I can handle it.

My pibble did comfort me when I was actually crying from clinical depression tho...
One night I woke up about 1A to a text I didn't want to see (ex-related situation).  My heart raced, I felt sick to my stomach and I think I made an audible noise or moan -- my corgi sprung up on the bed and shoved her nose between my face and the phone, with her nose buried between my phone and my hand.  It was incredible odd -- made me laugh and love her all the more for trying.
My cat climbs in my and my daughters laps every time were really sick.my daughter has a really rare stomach conditions. I have a rare condition thata crushing my spine. Whenever were seriously on that end of it doen that road he had the cuddle bug blues....can't get enough. When were both that bad he doesnt know who to pick. I make sure he settles with her tho. She's a mini bit after all. 

Hes never been trained for that but he does emotional therapy kitty duty so well. On the other hand I did train him to listen and seeing as how hes Maine Coonhe took to it so well. 
He looks similar my doggo too. Mine is a lab/corgi mix
http://imgur.com/a/Lad6EUa
what are these pants called? Like the design of them.
It's been said a million times. But we don't deserve doggos. Their loyalty knows no bounds.  
That's just too cute.
The BEST boy
Those puppy eyes. They will get you every single time
I thought my dog was the only one to do this, if i get frustrated about something I'm working on, he's on my lap in seconds giving me those same eyes!
One reason why I love dogs!
That forehead looks so tremendously kissable.
Unconditional love, It's a beautiful thing.
What kind of dog is he? He looks super similar to my dog and everyone has been guessing his breed for years and the guesses are all over the place. 

Here's [Django](https://m.imgur.com/a/KeTpQBn). He does the same thing to me when he knows I'm stressed. He's also super protective of me and doesn't like it when people touch me. He's a quirky pup but he's the best dog I've ever had. 

Edit: I'm gonna try to get a photo after work of him doing the same head rest thing for comparison.
I want him so bad
Awww
getting rekt at Apex eh?
The goodest of pups
I feel all better already too!!
He is also hecking aborable
Mines the same way, Carly plays therapy dog to both me and my GF depending on who's had a bad day, sometimes if it's both of us she will bounce back and forth when we look at her lol. Can't wait to get a 2nd pupper to give her a break.
I use to have a therapy chameleon, but all he would do is change colors when people came near me :( 
He looks like our Freya. What is he?
Adorable! 💛
I swear our dogs are related. My pup has the same coloring, eyes, and ears - down to the black tipped tail! 
Do you know what kind of dog?
My doggo is the exact same favor as yours!!


How sharp are his little teeth!?
My parents' dog is this way! 


Dogs are amazing. 
My girl does the same thing!!  I thought it was audibly triggered as well but the other day I came home upset and without me saying a word she knew.  It's like she can smell the upset on me.  We truly don't deserve dogs, they're amazing.
Beautiful! What kind of dog is this?
That’s a good pupper
Goodest boye ive ever did saw 
Good boy at work
V cute
My dog does the same thing
Those look like my Hollister training pants. 
I see you also stand on your foot while sitting.  
I thought I was alone. 
My dog looks similar :)
What kind of dog is that? My dog looks the same but idk what it is
Beautiful eyes!
I did scroll down far enough to see your feet the first time i looked at the picture so I thought your pup was putting his chin on the edge of the sofa. 
The bestest boy
do you know what breed he is? is that as big as he gets? he looks exactly like the type of dog I'd want 
*Zooms in on reflection in dogs eyes*

Dude.. why is there a naked person in the room? 
Aww so cute 
I need this. At work.
TJ maxx joggers. So comfortable. 
I need one 
We should all try to be therapy humans 
That's so cute. He looks exactly like my dog. 
Hey i got the same joggers 
what an intuitive good boy :) 
WHAT TYPE OF DOG IS THIS?!?!

My dog is literally indistinguishable from this pupper and is the sweetest fucking dog iv ever met towards humans (doesn’t like other dogs that much)
I have those pants too. 
My dude, do you have a link to those awesome joggers?
What kind of dog is this? I adopted a gorgeous little guy form the pound 4 years ago and I’ve never been able to pin down what he is. I’ve been torn everything from Pit to Boxer to Rhodesian ridgeback. 
He is such a good doggy!
r/disneyeyes
r/PetTheDamnDog
I can’t be the only one who thought the dog was biting his leg
They're all therapy dogs to me.
This image alone is therapy. I can feel my blood pressure lowering just looking at that face.
How old is this little guy 
My dog does this every time literally anyone is eating food hah
I wonder if he thinks you're angry with him. 
That face!!!!!❤❤❤❤
They all are. 
What breed is that?
Looks like my dog
Most of them are therapy dogs at heart.  Beautiful pup - looks so concerned for his frustrated human.

&#x200B;
My dog does this, he also does this when he gets in trouble. 
What breed is your dog? Adorable. 
That's so adorable and he's gorgeous! 😍 You're so lucky to have such a handsome and caring four legged friend. 😊
My dog starts barking whenever anyone starts yelling or getting frustrated. She wants to yell too!
Your pup has very sweet eyes, tough to stay upset at anything for long around him/her I imagine. Pet the dog for me please.
All good dogs are therapy dogs 
How can anyone but love that face!   My two are so tiny they can only stretch up to put feet on my knees and just stand still until I stop and pet them.  
Soo cute

My dog does the exact same thing it's all just natural for her. She's a really good girl :)
Very good boy 
What breed is it? So cute
Holy shit I'm wearing those exact pants right now. That's crazy they are literally the exact same
OH MY GOD IT'S A DOG! OH MY GOD I WANT TO PET HIM! LET ME PET YOUR DOG
One of cats runs up and frantically starts licking my face 
In my last relationship with a shitty ex we had a lot of shouting matches. My sweet kitty Luna would come up and bite me super soft when it was me doing the shouting. Guess it's her way of checking in and telling me to calm the f down and just pet her instead. It usually worked.
Aww, love that "Get over yourself" look!
I wish I had a doggo 
Where’d you get those sweatpants though 👀
Plis pet the good boy
I thought Scrappy Doo was supposed to be a little shit? Lol
My computer chair backs up to the bed. When I get mad at the computer, I feel a tap on my shoulder from my girl and she wants to get on my lap.
Please tell him he is a good boy and has brightened my afternoon. And I hope you are less frustrated OP!
I must see more of him 😍
The dog-tor will see you now
Aww!! Our corgidor Merida didn't pass her last testing for service animal but she still knows when to snuggle when we are feeling sick or hurt. And I mean she will get in your face with kisses and plant herself so you have to snuggle/hug her. Sweetest dog I have ever met. And she is my gfs dog! It's hard figuring out if she loves mommy 1 or mommy 2 better!!
Please tell your beautiful boi that I think he's a beautiful boi
What doge is that?
Your dog reminds me of my [Rusty](https://i.imgur.com/JFSG5Il.jpg)
what a sweet face
We don’t deserve dogs
Joggers? TJMaxx no? 
I thought his jaw unhinged like a snake's and he had your entire leg in his mouth

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

I need sleep.
Best boy
 Dogs are more loyal than other humans they are not treacherous or exploitative or pragmatic utilitarian .. Believe me a few dogs more fulfilling than many people 
Aaaaand...  I love him.
Good doggo
Mine does this when I hurt myself. 

If I’m just mad it’s just 50/50 if he tries to comfort me or hides. 

But he knows when I’m in pain and tries his best to help me out then. 
🥰🥰🥰
Wow, he looks just like my Red!  (Adopted from Mississippi)

https://imgur.com/Aydbu

https://imgur.com/FgtnhkX
Such a sweet boy
How often does that happen to have become a learned behaviour? 
r/petthedamndog 
Were you lamenting the purchase of those pants?
Mine is just constantly in my lap. So eventually I’ll be upset and he’s already there. I love my lap dog. 💕
Relevant [comic](https://66.media.tumblr.com/d46f2063e70faf24b0d9433247e73d65/tumblr_oq8dw85Q9N1qawpzso1_500.jpg).
What is this dog's breed?(I know nothing about dogs)
When I get mad at my ps4, my dog thinks its play time and tries to climb up on me in the most awkward way imaginable. It's hard to get mad...
My dog does this when I’m raging in video games 
My dog reacts to changes in the pitch of my voice. He jumps on my lap and to ~~snuff me out~~ comfort me. When he appears anxious, I invite him up for a hug or I sit on the floor to comfort him. We are each-others comfort animal.

&#x200B;

Edit to add: I have 2 dogs, the other is my designated tissue. If I am crying he will lick my face. I am spoiled by my dogs. 
Where did you get those pants? 
What's his name?
What even are dogs? How can something so pure and full of love exist?! 
My dog does that to me every time I sit on the toilet. She also bites my other dog if he tries to get too near 😂
i have those same sweatpants
Oh, the sweetness
Likely thinks he did something wrong.
My dog goes to a rug in the corner of our bathroom and lays down if he senses any tension from me or a thunderstorm. I have to go be HIS therapy human. 
the bestest goodest goodboiiiii
Aww he picks up on ur emotions and does his best to calm you! 😊

My cat Abby does the same. Love her!
What kind of doggo
Now
Must know
I have those joggers!!! :D
It looks like a seal
Which is all the time I’m guessing 
So cute, what breed is he/she?
Your pup looks and acts EXACTLY like my boyfriend’s dog. Any idea of her breed? We have no idea what she is

Edit: did the scrolling I should have started with. Thank you, thank you for giving us a glimpse into what kind of dog he has. We are pretty set on trying to get the same breed when we’re ready for another pup 
I just had a breakdown and sat on the ground in the hall, crying.. My two dogs came and wanted pets.. I think my big one (Australian shepherd) didn't really realize I wasn't feeling good. But my small one look at me with this understanding and love in his eyes that I cried even more. But they made it better..  
That's a great friend right there. Also, I think those sweats are dope. Don't listen to the haters.
Mine is like that too! He comes running if I raise my voice or curse. 
He's beautiful!
angel
Nothing makes you unfrustrated more than puppy eyes and ears back just wanting your pets
This pretty much happens every time I watch hockey. 
My gosh, that is precious
He's a good boi
I thought he was biting you
Awe so cute.  I miss my puppy
Cute dog and nice trousers
Mine does the same thing
Aw so cute that’s totally my dog she does the same 
I like your pants. 
What a beaut
What breed is he? Besides adorable 
My dogs are the same, and have linked cuss words to frustration so anytime anyone at all cusses at my house, no matter how softly or jokingly, my dogs will slowly come up and lay on them lol 
Your sweet dog wants to be reassured that you're not angry with him.
What kind of dog is that !
If I start sniffling/crying, my dog runs over to me and puts his little snoot in my face 😭
It's just a dog biting a birch tree
I have an 85 lbs dog that thinks he's 5 lbs. He jumps up on my lap and licks my face when he knows I'm mad/angry/sad, etc. 
He's got a big heart you can see that!
Can you tell me what kind of dog this is ?   Sorry I am not better at reddit, lol
Cute doggie. Mine does the same thing. She gets so anxious when I'm upset, that when I'm watching sports, she doesn't like being in the same room, and she's figured out that I'm not going to calm down, until the game is over.
This is my lab when the Sixers piss me off. My beagle on the other hand goes to bed lol
Dawww, that's a good boi
I always wonder if they do this because they want to make you feel better or because they assume it's something they did and are trying to suck up. I like to believe it's the former.
Y do our pets run and hide when we raise our voices but not at them? Any answers out there?
You are very lucky!
That dog knows exactly what it's doing.  😍
goood dogggo :') 
Looks like our pup Peanut! 

https://m.imgur.com/gallery/wtjFFZU
Gorgeous
What breed of dog is he?
What kind of dog is he?  He’s so cute!
He looks almost exactly identical to my late dog. It's been five years since he passed away and I still sometimes dream about playing with him. He too did that whenever anyone on my family was sad. He was a good boy!
🙂
when I was younger, everytime I would cry my old boxer would walk over wagging his stub tail with his ears back. Would sit right next to me until I stopped.
I legitimately might die of adorableness if my dog did this to me. That is so unbelievably cute!
What kind of dog is this?
My dog does the same thing, it just fill my heart of love every time.
Fox red Labrador?
Aww, looks like a young version of my dog. My dog is now 7 years old and most of her whiskers are gray and her muzzle is old and gray and her eyebrows are getting there too. My dog would do the same. As a matter of fact, when I'm extremely stressed, she will jump in the shower so I can bathe her. Focusing on her alone, helps relieve stress, then bathing her, helps me forget what was bothering me. She sacrifices herself for my happiness. She doesn't care for baths.
Totally off topic, but what brand of pants are those?! I love the print!
My sisters dog does the same thing. The odd thing being that in any other situation he doesn't care for me, at all, it's only when I'm upset that he springs into action and starts licking me and trying to get me to play with him. FiFi you little demon doge thanks for always making me feel better. 
This is what my dog does when I'm eating and he wants my food.
Those eyes would brighten even the stinkiest of moods! 
r/DogsMirin
Those eyes 
*visibly adorable*
He cares so much. Look at those eyes.
What a good little sweet bean
omg what a beautiful face!! 
Mine growls when I stand up for 0.2 seconds 
I want a therapy dog :(((((
He's a cutie! 
My dog looks just like yours and he does this when I cry
They know about the power of their eyes. 
Awww....that "Calm down bro." face.
Mine takes off when I do a frustrated sigh.
That face!
I used to take my small dog to house parties. My dog is so calm and sweet, she loved all the attention and will crawl onto your lap or put her head on your leg like the pup in the post.  At parties, if obnoxious girls would say something to the tune of, "Omg she loves me, she's coming home with me"  I'd say, "Oh no, she's a therapy dog and thinks you're in emotional distress"  XD Always got a good laugh. 
He would be so calming to everyone playing these games:

Darksouls I-III

Hollow Knight

Super meat boy

Please add any other difficult games I didn’t think of right now
What breed is he? 

He looks almost exactly like mine. I got a DNA test and it said he was everything between Chihuahua and Rottweiler.  I was curious what yours was?
What kind of dog is he?! 
What a beauty !! 
 We all deserve a pup like this in our lives. It'd make the pain that is living less of an agony.
My dog does the same thing. 
What a good boy. 😍
#CUNTSHITFUCKASSBALLS

*doggo comes over and rests jowls on lap* 
My dog runs away, gets a teddy then places it on me
Audibly frustrated. Thats a good way to put it. My screaming rage fits have a scientific name now lol. My cousin's blue healer puppy does the same thing. 
Whenever I’m upset, crying because of school my dog goes to the other room because he doesn’t like when I cry
Dogs are the best.
Which breed is thatn
My dog does the same thing when she wants food
Give that Good Boy a Walk or a Treat.
Those joggers are dope (pup is cute as well)

My doggos are my therapy dogs at heart too. When I’m sick, tired, frustrated, etc they are right beside me. They lend me their heads by putting their heads on me and letting me hold them and or pet them for comfort. They make me feel so much better. ☺️
Adorable dog. 😍
Oh my goodness my dog looks EXACTLY like him, same face, same tail, same coat color. Do you know his mix?? How old is he?
Mine is the same. Infact she climbs on top of me starts licking till I calm down
I had a Great Dane that hated cuss words. Didn’t matter if they were said angrily or lightly. She would sit in front of you and growl every time. If you didn’t stop she would slam her massive head hard into your lap until you pet her and calmed down enough to her satisfaction. Weird dog, loved her to bits. 
*Audibly Frustrated*
Looks like [my girl](https://imgur.com/a/UzTm7JH). She’s a Cavador. 
I swear, idk if he knows but when I'm playing a game and I start getting frustrated, even if I dont say a word, he'll get up from wherever he is and would just cuddle with me. Kinda like hes telling me to not worry. It's the cutest thing.
My pit mix does this whenever I’m making music and start to get frustrated with what I’m doing. I never really thought about why... but that could be it 🤔 
Sometimes I sigh when I feel stressed out and when my cat hears it she comes and lays on my lap, making sure I know she is doing me a favor.
My dog picks up just on changes of breathing I’m not even aware of. Unfortunately, it upsets her due to her first owners being subhuman. So then the anxiety I wasn’t aware of goes up because now I’m upsetting her and the only way to not upset her is for my breathing to normalize. Which isn’t easy. 
That's a good doggo!
This happens every time my dog wants to go for a walk but was told she has to wait a couple more minutes.
I had an anxiety attack early in the morning due to a health issue and my boyfriend was hugging me while I was sobbing and my dog was still in the crate and she was freaking out. He had to get up and let her out so she could come to me and comfort me. Not a trained therapy dog but just such a good girl
Are those doyoueven pants? Cute pupper by the way.
My dog looked just like this a year ago
Damnnn cute
Dear TheZenScientist: 

Your dog is a very good boy and I would like to give him a kiss on his noggin.

Regards,
Chevaboogaloo
What a sweet face!!! 
Boop
Aww. How old is he?
My god your dog is one handsome boy. 
Did you get those pants at Rue21?
Get him a letter, never pay pet rent again, and/or, get him a vest, take him to any store you want!
What breed 
That’s the cutest face ever!! 
"Audibly frustrated" sounds like if could be the newest way of on-the-fence political speech 101.

In one way, it could mean being just loud enough for those with the best hearing.  Another way could be interpretted as someone having a full-on tantrum.
Dem saucer eyes. 
So cute. I think all dogs are a therapy dog at heart.
Breed?
Yeah when i start yelling my dog starts yelling the pc too because he thinks hes backing me up or somthing
I have those exact same sweatpants but black with white lines instead.
What kind oh dog is he? He’s adorable!
I just died from the cute. 
Would really like to borrow your dog to take to work with me. He would never take his head off my knee I am sure but I can guarantee I would be a lot less stressed!
My dog Jake hates when we're frustrated. He'll start barking and showing his teeth/grumbling until we stop. Good effort bud
Oh man.  I get this.  My Harry knew my “stress words” and would come over and love on me.  The world was good again.
My pupper is the same! We got him as an emotional support animal (not the kind that people use to get their weird animals on a plane) after my husband had a serious accident that almost cost him his life. He and I both suffered from PTSD afterwards and our therapists agreed that an animal companion would definitely benefit us. So we got a “mini” (he’s too big to be mini) Australian Shepherd. He’s the best. If we get angry or upset he does his version of pressure therapy and lays on us until we pet him to calm down. No training, just how he senses us and our emotions. Love that dog. 
How precious! This reminds me of my old girl, when I was young and had trouble processing emotions, my family had a big yard and I would go way out back and sit when I was upset and she would do this. This makes me miss her, thanks for sharing and bringing back those good memories. 
Send him my way...he's the kind of therapy I need.
I have those pants
I have the exact same pants. No idea where I bought them
My dog does this too. I noticed when I would mumble curse words out loud and then I experimented by instead mumbling nonsense and I’ve come to the conclusion that she reacts to short elevated tones and I feel bad sometimes but i think it’s cute how she immediately comes and cuddles me
Do you identify as male or female? sex?
Aww sweet baby ❤️
My kitty does this. The first time was when Samwell Tarly was reading from the book in the Citadel. She started walking across my lap and sniffing my face and standing on her hind legs with her forepaws on my back. And I was like what the heck, she's never like this. Then later when I'd get pissed about work and be ranting she'd do the same thing and I was like oh...she thinks I'm going to have a heart attack lol.

&#x200B;
Those eyes are so big I can see you in them.
One of our dogs is quite similar. Whenever I vent, even just muttering under my breath, she is compelled to come over and lick my hand. Unfortunately, this really annoys me.
Awh that sweet look
Same but my dog leaves the room instead 
Looks a lot like my girl! 
Beauty
#Praise be to the newest Champion of Reddit, u/TheZenScientist!

[Let us not forget the Champions of yore...](https://www.reddit.com/r/ChampionsOfReddit/)
How old is he?
He's a gorgeous boy is what he is.
Those sweatpants tho bro I want a pair 
Pet him you monster
So much trust.

Absolutely adorable! What breed is he? I'm hoping to adopt a dog in the coming months. 
I just screamed in cuteness overload.
My dog is a normal dog for the most part, but very recently he has started becoming aware of my aniexty. I've had him for about 5 years now. He has never been trained to do so, but when I start having an attack he continuously paws at me and nudges me until I pet him.


We really don't deserve dogs. They are the best
My dog does this too. He's small. If I'm upset or freaking out he'll crawl in my lap or lay on my chest. I love him so much.
Adorable!
he looks like a bigger version of my chiweenie!
My dog only does this at the dinnner table 😂
Awwweee this is so cute!
12/10 good dog 
Alot of times when I sniffle (yay cold season), mine will come running, or if my eyebrows look even slightly furrowed, he is on me like white on rice. Lol. At least I know someone is watching out for all my microcues. 
So cute

I am a quiet person and lived a very quiet life. But there was a bad time when I cried when I was alone. Now my dogs rush me to make sure I'm ok when I laugh because they don't understand that it's not crying. 
This is a very devoted pupper. The look on his face says that he’s going to take whatever is stressing you, and turn it into a mildly annoying memory. You’re a very lucky soul!
It’s otay hooooman.
I’m a animal guy, with 2 cats and 2 dogs. One is a rescue, and the other is a working dog from the military that I was allowed to adopt. We both have PTSD, from our time on Active Duty, and we’re each other’s support. I don’t know how many times he’s helped me out of a flashback, so the very least I could do is to give him a good home. He’s the only reason I can sleep at night, and he is always by my side, no matter what. My other dog is a very happy and loving little medium size mixed breed goofball that my daughter adopted. She is his support, while he is mine. 
This dog is Gorgeous! 
My dog do the exact same thing if I show an irritating or anger sign. I Always feel bad and pet him, because I dont know if he is trying to help or think he is the cause
Ah a good ol' freelancing therapy dog
Hooman okay?
Precious face....full of love.
I totally need this
So adorable. He's a lovely boy.
What breed of dog is that?
Do you have autism or something
I need this dog while im waiting for the apex legends battle pass :(
He's so cuuute!! We don't deserve dogs... 

[All dogs are therapy dogs. The majority of them are just freelancing.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/alxgwj/all_dogs_are_therapy_dogs_the_majority_of_them/)
Dogs are magic. They are all therapy dogs. Even your sweet pupper has brought me comfort. Thanks for sharing!
All dogs are therapy dogs at heart.
Hey I have those same joggers. Also the opposite colorway too. 
Mine too. Especially funny when I'm yelling at my video game. So sweet:)
Our cat and dog each respond to loud humans with this sort of concern.

The cat demands to knead your stomach, and the dog will demand that you play / love on her.
My dog does the same when I start raising my voice like I'm getting angry about something. She comes over running, wagging her tail, and just wants to cheer me up. Besides that you wouldn't think of her doing something like this if you knew her.
My dog makes me feel like a piece of shit.  Any time I get upset she starts shaking.   So I’m like ok it’s not that bad really.  
Sweats and socks, it's more ur fashion choice...oh sorry...I thought this was /roastme
You reddit people are beyond stupid. Bunch of looney tunes liberals who couldn’t stand a day in the real world if you had to. I’m so over this app 
don't worry, once he figures out your bodily gives you won't have to make audible frustrations anymore and he'll come to you everytime you look slightly off. 
Whoa, that dog looks so much like my dog. 

https://i.imgur.com/5mv8nEf.jpg
Everyone says this about their pets, it's not unique to you. 
I hope he's not humping your leg 
You should have him trained as a therapy dog! Obedience can be taught, but that personality that makes him comfort you when you're stressed is a natural ability. This is why I'm having mine trained to work as a therapy dog.
Why do you vent your frustrations audibly? You might need help. 
