Just took it out of the box. It's gotta unfold naturally
Cute!  But what a way to wake up.   Oh.. Hello butthole. 
r/WhatsWrongWithYourDog
How long does it take to inflate?
r/noodlebones
I've been staring at his legs trying to figure out how this is done without snapping the dogs spine.
Man's best friend by day, contortionist by night
Kids do this too sometimes. Sleep however, wherever, then you get old and can't. 
i am the pup - this how i lay

after busy day of play

my brain shut down before my bod

sometimes i end up kinda odd...

so now i lay me down to sleep

my puppy body in a heap

in dreams have thoughts of much excite -

my legs - they run

*all thru the night...*
r/Animalsbeingderps
I hope the pup has a gentle awakening and isn't startled awake from that position.  That could be a disaster or just funny.
Im going to assume that sleeping in weird positions is just a  husky thing lol
Oh Moon Moon!
I've actually been having a really rough day but trying to keep a positive attitude, thank you for this! Makes it easier 
Please restore your dog to the upright and locked position.
I'm sorry, but I think your doggo broke!😁 So cute!😊
Pretzel pup!
My only regret is that I have boneitis!
Thanks for sharing. Had a complete crap day at work, trains home had been delayed for 3 hours and I arrived home to find one of my dogs had chewed through the handle of my other dogs lead. I needed this so thanks, was gonna lose my shit. 
/r/FullScorpion 
Cute !
It worked!  Photo definitely made me laugh.  Still smiling.
I needed this. Thank you :D
lol!  thanks!
You just compiled it in the wrong way
First thing I thought of was he’s like a cat. Catdog:)
r/dogsareliquid
This looks like some sort of Escher dog.
Scrolled and just saw the title. I'm not exactly having a good day and I was like "nah, not gonna do it for me" - then saw doggo and had to laugh! Thanks for that! Nice ending to a not so great day :) 
How did the beans get above the frank 🤔
Does the dog come with assembly instructions? :)
He probably loves using his own body as a blanket.
Thank you, I needed this <3
He looks so happy
Thanks. Smile of the week.
Teach me the art of sleeping in any position. TeAcH MeH!
You may not like it but this is the optimal napping position, probably, I don't really care I'm sleeping, see ya losers.
[my cat does something similar..](http://imgur.com/5asrMjz) 
I think you assembled your dog wrong
Reminds me of my white GSD when I first got him. Is he/she a white GSD as well?
your dog is tangled.
..I think it's broken.
r/whatswrongwithyourdog
I just bombed a test and this makes me feel better. Thank you ^_^
Aww what kind of dog is that?
*Austin Powers voice*

"That's not a dog, dawg...it's a pretzel!"
Where are his bones?!
Okay, that did brighten my shitty work shift.  
But, now to the important question: What the actual fuck is with that sleeping position!? o.o;,
Laugh now but soon the emus will arrive
I think your cat has autism 
Factory reset!
Elastic boi
Was it doing yoga and fell asleep 
Pretzel 🥨 puppers ♥️
Oh my gohd ill have six
Ah, man!  I told you not to buy a dog from Amazon!
That’s not a dog. That’s a pretzel!
r/StoppedWorking
You dog found the perfect sleeping position. 
When your dogs more flexible than u
Pretzel pup
*dab*
Your pup looks just like my little girl! She sleeps like this too haha 
Yup. Did the job. Thanks. 
Thats how i sleep too!
It's a thing of nightmares!

Or an overload of cute, not sure which yet.
A normal day of my life

DERP.
r/cuddleroll
He's not broken, he's just doing some yoga!
That is so cute! Made my day❤ I just wanna bury my face in his fur
I’m going to try out the position 
Dog.exe has stopped working and needs to be closed.
I've seen my dog sleep with her body parts oriented to 3 different directions, but I think yours is up to at least 4.
Tangled af
somehow still looks comfortable 
Are you sure this is one dog?
Just watched the haka from the Christchurch kids on the main page. Needed this smile. Thanks.
Dude, I think your dog might be broken...
u/cadencecleo  what breed is your dog? 
That just looks so comfortable.
That little noodle
Is the dog broken?😋
Wow

Must be kicking ass in that game of twister she's dreaming of
This picture is when it's 3 am and your rolling around your bed trying to find a position to sleep in but they're all really weird positions
I needed this. Thank you.

&#x200B;
Your doggo is very original
Does your dog have bones?
I didn’t know I needed this until I saw it.
Thats a cat
Is this Marilyn Manson's dog?
Oh ok good to know I’m not the only one that sleeps like that
When I saw this thumbnail on the main page I thought it was a picture of a raw chicken
Dog.exe has encountered an unexpected error.
Dog.exe has experienced an error
Me taking a nap during my back break
Is that some kind of Yoga pose, it is not downward dog that is for sure?

&#x200B;
I did. Thanks.
I think that’s a pretzel.
Day brightened.  Thanks.  
I wish I had a dog's life.  
Day dimmed.  
Sigh. 
Crossover between Frozen and Tangled?
I think you assembled your dog wrong
That doggo is limber as heck!
Thanks, it did the trick! What makes it even better is all the people in the comments saying it's just what they needed. :)
Your dog was killing it at Twister
he look like the doggo from Bolt 
Oh lawd I can't stop laughing at this photo...thanks for posting
I did and it did. Thank you!
I think your doggo is broken
See, you'd think this would relax me, but now I'm just stressed that this isn't MY dog. 
Doggo do a pretzel 
Check your IKEA instructions again! Something went wrong!
I did need this today. And saw it at the perfect moment. Thanks. 
Swastika Boi
Such talent 
Doga 
r/fullscorpion 
Derp
Do dogs wake up with sore backs after sleeping like this? My old dog slept like this but could also come out of sleep into a full sprint and it didn't seem to affect her at all.
Cutest in the world🐕❣
Just like me when i was 9
What kind of dog is that 
Wow, advanced broken dog pose.
He/she is so bendy! Lol. Too cute! 
Ikea dog?
Um your dog might be dead

Remember, when assembling your dog be sure to follow every step in the instruction manual.
Precious baby
How he do dat tho
r/noodlebones 
Omg your dog just made my day!!! Beautiful dog🐕❤️🐕
Can't dog today, just gonna stay in bed. 
The game glitched.
Is that a Shiba?  I have a shiba that looks just like this.
i always thought, just cats are in the liquid state! i was wrong! 😂
I wish I was your dog right now 😴😴
Seems perfectly normal to me xD 
Contortion sleeper haha
Now my back hurts. How did that make my day better?
Why does that actually look comfortable 
you broke your fluffer
What breed is this? So cute
What a cute lil pretzel
Is his name Gumby by chance?
You’re dog and my cat should meet for a nap date

 [Meet Harpo](http://imgur.com/USsxHD1) 
Yoga boye 
Pretzel puppy! They earn their nicknames 
That is a young dog made of rubber bands. Just wait until she has to bend down to pick up the paper at 50.
Looks like that dog took sleeping lessons from my ferrets.
I think your dog it broken

Pretzel doggo
Funniest/cutest thing ever. So sweet! Love this pure abandon. 
Ikea dog, some assembly required.
You’re going to have to iron that out 
What version of Firefox is this?
I really needed this today, thank you for brightening my day ❤️
Dog.exe is not responding...
I see, OP is one of those "I can build my doggo without instructions" kinda guy.
Thank you 
I don't think you've assembled your dog properly 
Story of my life.
Sure that's a pretzel
I'd be worried to move him. It seems that any way you'd move him, it would hurt!
i would die for your dog tbh
This is fucking terrifying
R/whatswrongwithyourdog
Guys, thank you so much for all the upvotes!!! You guys got me to the second hottest post on the home page!!! (if you sort by hottest posts) I didn’t think I’d get so many upvotes and comments, so thank you LOTS! Also, I’m glad yall like my doggo! :)
me with RLS
u/elliedotcom 
What a dumb dog I want 28
Your dog is weird
He's not sleeping, I'm pretty sure he's just doing some yoga
Holy shit my dog looks almost identical to yours. [Mine](https://i.imgur.com/0FV0lXJ.jpg)
Your derp sleeping*
Mission accomplished: day brightened.
Why are dogs so weird?
It dead?
Them darn IKEA dogs...
Literally has blue balls
He's an extremely talented doggo, even learned how to sit on his own head <3
O...munted 
Flexi-boi
Catdog
I really needed this today. Thank you.
Inb4 someone says this is because of a life threatening condition.
DOG.AVI ERROR
10/10 comfort. 
This did brighten my day. 

Thanks
Your dog looks so content.
I've heard of downward dog but I'm going to have to consult my yoga instructor on this one.
I imagine this is how those cirque du soleil contortionists sleep. 
That's not a dog that's a pretzel. 
uh, the old licking my butt and fell asleep position. A classic.
Hshsb
Doing cat's sleep yoga.  Usually it's cats who sleep in this kind od improbable positions 
Some assembly requured
So majestic
Dogs are the best, man. 
I swear, the life of a well cared for dog or cat is the best life there is...
Huh. So THAT is what happened to that dog who jumped down the stairs yesterday.
Flexiboi
Cute :) 
How he do that
I love him
lol...that did brighten up my day...thank you.
Thank you wonky dog. You made me smile.
I'm glad to know I'm not the only one that owes a Goober for a dog.
I think he needs more air after you shake him out.
Just get him one of those wheelie things for paralyzed animals.
This dog deffo does the fart and wakes up like somones about to rob your house...
Your dog is broke.
How do you untie this?
r/animalsbeingderps
Bold of you to assume this would make a positive change in my life.

...

You're right, but still bold of you...
Lol that's how I sleep too
How do i upvote twice 
Awww
OOOOO I WANT TO PET IT 
This is awesome. Looks exactly like my dog. White shepherd? Our white shepherd sleeps in similar positions all the time. 
its like a backwards /r/shrimping
Paint me like one of your french bulldogs.
Thank you. I am having the worst day and I really needed this.
That's a cat
Bad posture. 
Excellent form. 10/10.
FRICKEN bless. Had a bad day at work today and this made me feel so much better.
What type of dog is it?
Your dogs broken
Dogs like to snuggle when they sleep. He's figured out how to do it with himself.
My boyfriend says your dog is broken. 
Naewww
Got a solid "Ha!" And smile from me. 

Thanks pupper

What a cute lil sushi roll 
Air that bud up.
r/animalsbeingderps
comfy doggo 
Sorry in advance...


Hit the dab!
Thank you. :)
I think your dog is malfunctioning 
r/whatswrongwithyourdog
That's how I sleep 😁
That is one Flexible dog  
Hey Escher, we found ur dog...
Did your dog eat a tape measure?
tar czvf
Cats are liquid, so I guess dogs are gelatinous.
what?
"THIS MUST BE THE WORK OF AN ENEMY STAND!"
Lol doggies who sleep weird are the best. 
That's why you don't get your doggo from Ikea. Assembly is a PITA. Instructions unclear, dog shaped like bagel...
I did. Thank you 😊 
r/husky
Thank you for this - just finished watching “After Life” on Netflix....Ricky Gervais....I truely hate you right now.
Frikkin Adorable! 
I’m calling the priest
I really needed this. Thank you.
r/stoppedworking
r/dogsareliquid
I really needed this, thank you :)
Oh, Lord, it made me smile. Funny doggo
I love how they sleep in these weird positions. How is that comfortable pupper?
Me when I think about my girlfriend 
Please read and follow the directions thoroughly when assembling your Ikea dog...
Day definitely brighter...but now I'm envious.
Looks like yoga.
Im waiting for someone to show up and say this actually means this poor puppy is having a stroke. Because it's the internet. 
Yoga master level 1000
Thank you, I did need this.
Dog.exe has encountered an error
In response to; in case you need something to Brighton your day.... Thanks so much for a heart warming picture of your friend. You put a smile on my face!
error... error... error....
Part cat since liquid.
Your dog looks like my dog.
HOW?!
Looks about right.  
How does he get in that position though
How, just how can they sleep like that! It is really cute, but I can't believe it is comfortable!
That’s just precious. 😍
i asked for a roll in asia to go with my dinner...this is what i got
Thank you!
r/animalssleeping
Boneless doggo
What breed is it?
It needs assembling...
A W A K E N   M Y   G O O D   B O Y
Thank you I needed that ...lol
what a cute little fluffy thing!❤️
Just like how I sleep on the couch
I wish I could get so much attention lol
Sleeping scorpion. 
This is what happens when you order from Prime. They just throw your packages and bam! The contents are destroyed
Ah, one of those contortionist retrievers
Only happens when you [steal his spot on the bed?](https://imgur.com/lPmLtKx.jpg)
[My pupper does the same thing!](https://imgur.com/gallery/IsJJSxb) 
Yoga dogga
You sure that’s sleeping?
Thank you ☺️
Is that an IKEAta?
Check the box. I think you left out some bracket pieces when assembling.
/R/animalsbeingderps
Garantiefall
How the heck does that twisted up heap of dog still look so graceful?!
Something wrong with your fluffer.
Cute doggo: just add water.
Did you follow the unfolding instructions?
r/scripteddogpics
in a knot!
Any they say the downward dog is a simple pose
HOW DOES IT BEND THAT WAY
Moon Moon?
He's having a twisted dream
/r/DogBall
Laughed so loud my cat stared at me!
Liquid puppo
It remains unDOGfull all the time
How does this not hurt when he wakes up? Unless he is a young pup, then that would make sense.
That is no dog...
Imma need a better version of [this](https://i.imgur.com/F4HG981.png).
Canine Origami
He’s super bendy.
Take my upvote, my husky was a dope like this today! 
One word: how?
i dont think you read the instructions when you assembled this doggo
I did need this. Thank you
Those dogs from IKEA never go together right.  At least there weren't any pieces left over.
D.O.G.  Some assembly required. 
Looks uncomfortable af, but doggo looks happy so I’m happy
/r/noodlebones would like this.
So awesome.....thank you 🐶👍
That looks mad comfortable
Moon Moon trying to do yoga.
Perfect. 
r/whatswrongwithyourdog
How???
This is called 'Reverse Preying Mantis" its a yoga move you uncultured humans 
r/WhatsWrongWithYourDog
Sleepin' like a boss!
My dog is also a doofus.
Sleep-jitsu... the art of sleeping in acrobatic positions
*sleeping intensifies.*
Talk about a cute folded floof
I opened this and thought it was my dog. Looks almost exactly the same but she has big blue beautiful eyes and sadly I can’t see if yours does as well. But yes very cute
Your doggo forgot how to doggo.  It's okay, it just makes your doggo more adorable!
he melted boi
Thank you. 💞 needed.
I think your dog is imitating those dog toys that have no stuffing!
I think dis cute dogo is my spirit guide, this is how I sleep...
good doggo
omg can you please tell me your dogs breeds? my dog almost looks the same and he is basically an rescued dog from Romania and nobody knows which breeds are in her. I got some example photos of her to show it to you.

example 1:     http://imgur.com/gallery/xnBopyn

example 2/3: https://imgur.com/gallery/R3jC3kz
Who needs a spine anyway.
i assume that was his womb position 
I always worry dogs are uncomfortable when they are like this but then I remember they fell asleep and are chasing dream bunnies!
I’m in the ER right now so thanks!
How is this even possible?! 
That sure is an ass-backwards way of sleeping.
That doggy knows how to sleep! My day is already getting brighter, thanks for that!
I needed that, thank you.
r/whatswrongwithyourdog
I think it's broken,  you might want to take doggo in for a diagnostic check. 
That did the trick. Instant smile and chuckle. Thanks OP 
A vicious guard dog as I can see 🐕
[Um...](https://i.imgur.com/0TgZjA1.gifv) I think it's broken. o.o
Definitely needed this. Thank you <3
OP: gets 60k upvotes
OP: only has 6k karma
Reddit is good
The deep is strong with this one
Where do I get one 
He git da strechs when he slep
Dogs are invertebrates. Prove me wrong. 
I don't think that's a dog. Might want to call an anthropologist. 
r/baddogsanatomy
Dog yoga, or _doga_.
UWU kawaii doggo chan
What a good little boy.  This would make a good /r/wholesomememes

&#x200B;
Ah yes, the backward dog. One of yoga's most difficult positions. 
And they say cats are liquid.
Genuine lol. What a spaz =) 
Pretzel boi
This is sooo cute
Hes gotta practice yoga tooo!!
[I also envy my dog way of sleeping](https://i.imgur.com/VziGQLw.jpg)
R/WhatsWrongWithYourDog
I love posts like this. My day always needs to be brightened, and they always do the trick. Thank you <3
I love him
How in the hell is that possible?!?!?!  I thought my dog had some weird positions.

Cute dog!

Conformists.
Finding the perfect sleeping position like...
This is the position I end up sleeping in when my dog sleeps on my bed 😒
And just think, at any time he can turn right and go to town on his junk. I envy him. 
Dog.exe is borked.
Yea, you’re definitely going to have to reboot that doggo
What's rhombus with your dog? 
I miss those days.. Mine passed away in front of me 1week ago🙁
This is wholesome as hecc
Me trying to nap under my desk on my lunch break
I think you assembled it wrong.
Your dog is so cute! Yoga doggy:))
I think your pupper is part pretzel 
Woof pretzel 
I think I was given the wrong correct pretzel
Dog machine broke
Um I think he's broken
He's probably dreaming that this pillow stinks or actually this pillow smells amazing
Just sleeping funny
I think it’s broken 

I think you need WinRar to unzip him
Gotta blow it up a bit more. It may have a leak.
I thought that was a cat thing
r/DogsAreLiquid
He  is adorable! 
Perhaps you forgot to tell him he isn't a pretzel?
r/dogsareliquid
what kind of doggo is this?
Does this dog live with a cat by any chance?
I’ve had one of the toughest days in months today, this just made me laugh out loud. Thank you.
What bread is this dogue?
What kind of dog is that?
He looks like Bolt
I see yet another IKEA půpï model assembled incorrectly. They need to work on their instructions. 
I think he’s part cat. 
r/photoshopbattles
Yea SUUUURRREE,,,,,sleeping 😑😑
My parents’ doggo when he’s sleeping lol
Thank you i really need see this awesome pic of your espectacular dog 
Your dog should teach a yoga class.
What a ruff life he must lead lol
Contortionist eh.
I did need this thank you
That's absolutely hysterical.  Gorgeous baby
And introducing the all new… SQUARE DOG

*applauses*. Thank you ladies and gentlemen 
How can he possibly be comfortable?? ❤💖❤
She’s a Shiba. she looks (and sleeps) just like my girl Tootie :D 
Aftermath of shane 
Your doggo is welcome in r/noodlebones. 
Did you get your dog from ikea? Are you sure you read the assembly directions correctly?
Please follow the instructions to properly assemble your dog. Thank you. 
This isn't making my day better, I thought it's back was broken
What kind of dog is it?

Looks just like my goofy son.
He is achieving enlightenment, while sleeping at that! We are not worthy! 
r/fullscorpion
The legendary reverse fox maneuver.
Picasso reincarnated in the form of a living cubistic dog!
Beautiful!
Is your dog made of Jello?
I think you forgot to inflate it 
Is this a Shiba?!
Pretzel doggos are best doggos
When you gotta scratch your nose with your foot.
I think it’s broken, send it back to Amazon and get a refund
There are veterinary orthopedists.
My dog does this in front of the fridge so you can't get food
It totally brightened mine!
Thank you, that did brighten my day :)
What a great life!
r/whatswrongwithyourdog
I had a good hearty laugh.  Thanks for this. 
That is a cute dog what kind of dog is it I have been looking at dogs to get for my family and this 1 looks cute and friendly
what the fuck is wrong with your dog?
Sorry doggo, I just came from [this](https://i.redd.it/7fb7ju2n44n21.jpg) on r/mademesmile.
I sleep like that as well 
My old flatmate had a dog who slept like a wierdo too lol. Used to sleep on his back, legs in the air with his eyes half open like he was dead lol
Wat in the warld

It did !! Thx.
MC escher dog
Boopable snoot! 
Why did you tie your dog in a knot?
This guy be stalking this good boy smh
Woe is me!  
It's unsettling that I can't tell where along his body the twist occurs.
unique pose 
You should call it pretzel 😁
r/WhatsWrongWithYourDog
Did you read the instructions before assembly?
Beautiful dog yoga
This would be great for r/photoshopbattles
TRULY THE STUFF OF NIGHTMARES.

r/WHATSWRONGWITHYOURDOG
I'd say r/shrimping, but that's one shrimp I'm not so sure about
Thank you for sharing this! And thank your doggo for being so wonderful
He seems well adapted to zero gravity. Sign him up for the next trip to Mars. 
[Your dog](https://imgur.com/a/In1qniy) 
I don't think you understand how much I needed this. We'll see if it helps in the long run.
dog is cat
Your dog is a cat
lol its like the irl version of how goofy characters in anime are drawn sleeping
*hol' up*
Wow!
Are you sure they're not a cat?
Today sucked, so thank you.
Thank you
Dang. 
Can't tell what's connected to what. To me it's a cute white furry mass. 14/10 doggo
No bons, jus fir.
Thank you. Day has been brightened. 🌞
Do you know what kind of dog she is? She looks exactly like my pup
dude enroll your dog in a gymnastics class
Lol that looks like that hurt
Server-Spine has left the chat
Kinda looks like me while sleeping
Thank you! To be that relaxed...
A rescue from Cirque du Soleil???
Like bubblewrap... Delicate until you pop it xD. Did you wake him up
Your dog could fart in its own ear!
Gymnast.
It’s good to know at least the dinosaurs were sleeping when it happened
Has Platinum for space time continuum warping doggo.
😂 
I wish that was my day
Whatever gets the job done.
I work a VetsZzz, we can euthanize your dog for a lo lo lo Price.
And I thought only cats slept in odd positions.
I think your dog might be a fascist 
I think you misread the instructions. I recommend taking it apart and trying again. 
I’ve never seen a furry scorpion before 
Oooh fellow yogi here: would call this position: precious pretzel sleepy dog 
R/accidentalrenaisance 
Scoliosis
Assembled himself in the dark and without a screwdriver!
Sometimes I wish I didn't have an upright spine, because these cats and dogs look like they know a thing or two about comfort.
So precious im gonna die
r/WhatsWrongWithYourDog 
Oh Goodness that dog is very flexible.






H O W. I N. T H E. N A M E. O F. L I T T L E. H O T. T A K I S -
I wonder wut he's dreaming of? Ever fed him Pretzels?
I think he broke.
I have no idea where it starts or ends wtf
MOZILLA FIREFOX fr.
Mobius dog
your dog is kinda broken
Looks as if you forgot to read the assembly instructions.....
Is he part pretzel?
That's how I sleep too! 😅😅
Brilliant!
Clearly made of liquid.
Thanks, I needed this
Awesome picture of that beautiful puppy
The dog should teach yoga...
When you put your white earphones in pocket and then take out later
My son and nephew sit like this to watch tv.
Yoga started with downward dog and everything dog 🐕 
I props lold
=)
Dog.exe has stopped working.
He can flex like a gymnast, give him some treats
I think he's broken. 
I think your doggo is broke, did you upload the cat-program or something?
That's just scoliosis
Yoga dog 
I think the physics in your simulation might be broken
H... how?
😂 funny enough my dog sleeps funny like this too 🤣🤣💕
I think this also belongs in r/whatswrongwithyourdog
Thanks :-)
Oh gosh hahaha i love it!
Sophie dossi 2.o
It seems like an uncomfortable position, but the look on the dog’s face says otherwise.
Thanks... I did need that.
My back feels like I slept in that position. 
Easiest way to get Karma on reddit... Post conformist images such as this one that are supposed to be **'**cute**'.**

Bring on the downvotes. ;)
I will never *not* want to see pics of your pupper sleeping. 😍
Hehe that’s how I sleep
His spine is going to be shaped like a k if He wakes up. :) 
what kind of doggo is this?
Thank you, you beautiful human with this majestic doggo. This lifted my spirits. 
TIL There's something wrong with my phones colors, cuz no one else said anything about that "brown log" looking like poo, which I hope it's not..but is it?
That's some weird ass yoga posture !
