*kid looks surprised after removing blindfold and hesitates a sec*

*Dad crushes him with a swift right hook*

"That'll teach you to drop your guard, Son."
Very kid like to headbutt the junk. For real though, this is wonderful. 
> Hasn't seen dad in 1 year

> Sees dad

> Charges head first into his balls
Okay this is adorable, but what the fuck is this setup hahahah

"Hey kid put on this blindfold and beat the shit outta whoever's in front of you"

Edit: my inbox is flooded with either daredevil or bloodsport jokes 
Cried real tears of joy just now... you got me right in the fee fees damn you.
It's better with sound:  

https://youtu.be/F61ICxKIZjM?t=259
That kid got a sick double leg in the making. 
There was a time in my life when I really didn't think I wanted to be on this planet anymore.

One day I was at work and really felt like that would be my last day. 

I remember working and was so exhausted... I then took a look to my right and my Dad was there with my older sister. I hadn't seen my dad in roughly 2 years and our relationship was always amazing. I guess my sister called him and told him I was having a really rough time. He hugged me and said "I got you" I immediately broke down and felt such a huge weight lifted off of my shoulders. 

Thank you for this video and reminding me about that beautiful moment I shared with my dad. 
[deleted]
I'm a 30 yo man, lost my dad last year. This kinda shit gets to me now.
I love these videos, never get old and always gets me verklempt. 
Am I the only one that for some reason didn't notice the bandanna on the kid's head and didn't realize wtf was going on?
It's sweet...but why do this to your kid? You make them go through this intense emotional moment in front of a crowd of other people. Surprise them at home, where you can have that family moment and process, and then bring dad to Karate or whatever.
Sweet Jesus of the Mother of the Mary this should be marked as NSFW because I'm weeping while trying to answer client's calls 
Lmao imagine the dad dropping him with the hardest punch ever. Not that it would be funny or anything but it would be so funny if that happened. 
How about we stop sending dads away for a year at a time for pointless reasons?
There was totally a moment of hesitation where the dad thought about a little jab in the face. 

Wholesome as fuck though.
I hate these. Every time I see one I think what a waste it is that they were separated for so long.
This hits the feels, but question is why the fuck do we keep having to deploy these good people?  Why the fuck do our good men and women have to keep leaving their families to the goddamn desert
"Now if we had the power,  
To bring our neighbors home from war  
They would've never missed a Christmas  
No more ribbons on the doors

But when you trust your television  
What you get is what you got  
Cause when they own the information  
They can bend it all they want."
Fuck war
I miss my dad.
I wish people would stop doing this to their children. Are the YouTube likes really worth it?

https://www.google.com/amp/s/taskandpurpose.com/before-surprising-your-kids-with-an-unexpected-homecoming-ask-yourself-these-questions/amp/
"Hey son, I have found oil !"
"Yeah, 'Murica !"
Daddy did a good job at protecting our oil from the brown people.
You know what would be better?  If he didnt have to deploy for a year.
*PTSD kicks in and he break his sons neck*
This post is cute, but there is always a darker side how many  ppl will never see their kids bcs they  died in useless imperialistic money driven proxy wars. 🤔
Imagine we never had to send em away in the first place 
Aww. Now if only we could reunite all the Arab parents with the children they lost from US war and drone strikes.
War is such a beautiful thing
"onions!"

"Im not crying you're crying!"


Seriously, these fucking comments. Cancer. 
We get it, military personnel get vacations. Why am I supposed to faun over someone coming back from a place they **chose** to get paid to go to? 

How about a video where a service member comes home and noone reacts or cares because it happens every day. 
Stop infantilizing the military. 
Military industrial complex tears families apart 
Fake; coach doesn’t yell at dad to get us shoes off the mat
Again. Not a fan of these. These are private intimate moments and there's something gross and vaguely propagandic to turn them into spectacle. 
These are getting old. The first 10,000 "Hey, look at me!" videos surprising a golden retriever or hiding in a box was enough.
Kid put more energy into bolting to his dad than any of the punches.
This is precious
I love these kinds of videos but I hate that we do this to families. There is no need for it. We arent at war (I know). And our military doesnt need to be so bloated
Don't know why this still has to happen, why should a father have to leave for a year to some foreign lands and not see his family...crazy we are still killing eachother.
[removed]
r/2healthbars on those blindfolds
So all these videos are great but why is the parent always wearing their full military attire? Is it because that’s the first place they went when they got home? Or do those people just normally wear the uniform even when doing nothing related to their service? Also I thought the different branches of military were encouraging people to not wear their uniforms off base because they might be a target?
"let me tell you about all those kids like you I helped murder"
Initially had no clue he was blindfolded, thought that was a facemask with an eye cutout because of the blank pattern of the bandana near the eyes. Was like "wow what kinda shitlord says hi to his dad by trying to beat him up" until I got to the end.
My son hugs me after coming home from work and it makes me choke up... I can only imagine...
The kid went right for his balls tho?
I wish I could've done the same thing with my dad :(
I know some people can be very cynical about soldiers but you can't disagree that service in the Army has a very sad effects on children of these soldier
[removed]
Not /r/aww material
He looked up to make sure (the look on his face...) and the rest was pure emotion. A son running to, grabbing onto, and never wanting to let go of his dad ever again... 
If family is so important, don't get a job where you'll be "deployed" for 1 year. Cut the emotional crap.
I can't imagine being so young and not seeing my dad for a whole year. I know stuff like this has to happen in certain circumstances but I really wish no kid to have to feel the pain of being away from their father for a year
I hate this shit. 
Saw he was outmatched and decided to go for the family jewels, smart boy. 
And ensures he won't have any siblings that miss their dad on deployment.
Hasn't seen son in 1 year..

Starts sparing him
Kid removed the blindfold and bashed right into his father's balls
Is this the military version of police dog posts?
Kid almost made sure he couldn't have a sibling.
These never fail to make me fucking bawl.
Oh shit!!  I cried.  Dammit 
This kid is a natural fighter. He went straight for the double leg after taking off the blindfold.
Ok but the dad is lucky he's outta range. That first kick was going for instant decapitation. 
I think he was going for a double leg takedown tho.....
Every boy deserves a father like this
r/WaitForIt
Head charge straight to the nuts. Nice. 
Dad: How is my kiddo doing!  
Son:...  
*Headbutt straight to nuts*  
Son: DADDY!!!
Kid should have surprised him with the tackle charge first .
I'M NOT CRYING; YOU'RE CRYING. 
That reaction got me bruh..... i mean shut up I’m not crying you’re crying 
Thats some hardcore marco-polo
I never get sick of seeing families reunited.
Young boy crushes his fathers nuts with his head.
That lunge tho
Raw power. Raw emotion. 
That dad just got headbutted straight in the nuts and didn't even back away, only redirected.

Too fucking sweet. ❤
Straight for the nuts
My eyes are sweating.  wtf
[removed]
thats how my 5 year old jumps after me..... When she has not seen me in months due to her shit mom..
[deleted]
I love these videos. Gets me every time. I'm going to join the military just to leave my kid and come back and film one of these. 
Sometimes I wish I had a dad like that. The kind who'd show up only once or twice a year.
What’s the purpose for wearing that outfit?
[deleted]
[removed]
Why would you go to the millitary when you have children or a girlfriend? Makes me just shake my head - very dumb.
Wish my dad came back......
I guess I’m in the minority, but if my dad was coming home, I’d enjoy it more if I was allowed some anticipation he was coming home. Are parents going to start ambushing kids with presents on Christmas morning? Surprise it’s Christmas! 

r/happycryingdads
Alternate title: "War veteran beats up blind child"
Hell ya Airborne, punched him right in the feels. 
Son went for the double leg take down.
Damn you for making me tear up. But thank you, too.

Edit: so why downvote because I was saying thanks for sharing the video and that it made me get teary eyed? I don’t get it.
[deleted]
r/owmyballs 
Kid did A nice kick 
Kids got moves !!
Is that ninja training?
Damn, thought he was going for the takedown there 
Give em the quick two piece in the name of love 
Almost thought he was going for the takedown 
Is that 2 blind folds? r/2healthbars

Single fastest move of the whole video is the lunge at the reveal!
Was waiting for the dad to roundhouse his son into another dimension.

#DADDY’S HOME
That's what i call a blast double leg
I was waiting for the Dad to rock him while his son was blindfolded. 
What the fuck was this kid doing
I thought I was ready to handle this but when the hug came, I teared up real quick 
This was posted an hour ago on r/MadeMeSmile. 
u/idiosyncraselyse
That little shit tried to double leg his dad.
BOI
gif2video
Damn kid, watch out for the jewels.
Got audio??
This is way better with sound. 
I’d rather get kicked in the dinky than have to feel these feels. Oof 
Now he must do the gik'tal challenge!!
He moved so fast when he saw his dad that's adorable. Kid's got some speed.
That attack hug was faster and more aggressive than any punch he threw 😂
Oh my god the way he charged at his dad and loss power in his legs was so beautiful 
Was ready for a mean right hook to come from the sgt
This training is supposed to heighten your senses and make you more aware of your surroundings as well as your opponent’s location. So you could say it’s a SENSATIONAL way to surprise someone in this type of training. 
Awesome!
What kind of training is he doing? 
Kid needs to work on his take down movement. 
Rendered poorly at first, so I thought the kid was wearing the standard soft helmet for head protection and just went at his dad wildly because he was mad he was gone for so long. Glad it turned out just to be a blindfold lmao.
r/2healthbars
u/vreddit_bot

Lol rip balls
Blindfolded boxing? What?
is there a sub for videos like these? 
I’m not crying(sniffle). I just got something in my eye(sniffle).
I bet his dad was very proud. He probably left just as the kid was starting martial arts and when he  came back he saw his kid nearly high kick him in the face. 
No sound? You monster !!!
That kid does more damage with his head than his gloves 
Aw the greatest sign of affection; running headfirst into your father’s balls :,)
This should be posted in r/islam. You will never win!
Right in the geaser
Kid is doing the Daredevil challenge I see. 
u thot i was ded??  DECEPTION
Betcha he could smell him. Like my grandpa or my dad? I’d know they were there by smell alone. Which sounds silly and gross but I think it’s interesting that you can spot loved ones that way. Heck, I can identify some people I care about by the sounds of their footsteps
Imagine if his dad knocked him tf out. That would be hilarious.
Decent take down defense by dad. But should have taken off boots before stepping on mat. lol jk
“I DID WEEKS IN BOOT CAMP DON’T THINK I’M GOING EASY ON YA BUD” 
fuck i heard their chest bump from here that was intense 
Just found it on the Youtubes and watched it with sound...it's even more heart wrenching. 
He was losing the stand up, so he went for the double leg. Pretty well rounded kid. 
It's nice and all but fuck me, 1 year deployment!!! no man or woman especially with kids/partner should ever go through that and double especially since his pay probably wouldnt reflect that dedication. 
i wanna see him accidentally knock tf outta his dad
I LOOOOOVE surprises, but if my dad who I hadn’t seen in 1 years was coming, I would want to know! It would give me something to look forward to, plan some stuff, bake him a cake or whatever, tell all my friends to fuck off cuz I’m spending the weekend with my dad.
I too go straight for a double leg takedown when I see my father after a long period of time. 
The hardest hit he landed was the hug.
Gay
I want sounddddd
That is the best reason to yeet into someone.
This kid would have disappointed Worf.
Omg he tried to tackle him
Shoes off the mat.  No discipline. 
The most purest thing is this relationship
I love seeing these but it always makes me think of how I came back to an empty runway and nobody to take me back to my barracks. Glad this guy had someone to welcome him back.
Sgt surprises son by beating the shit out of him 

Jk this is awesome😂😂
I was wondering why it took him so long to recognise him
Awwww.. Being away from Dad ... Scariest part in a kid's life ...Though I salute all the Dads from the Navy's.. Air force's for protecting our Country(Family) by being away from your own family..
*IN THE DIIICCCKKK*
Would’ve been really funny if the dad just knocked him the fuck out
Where’s the version with sound?
That hug had more power than any of the hits.
I thought he was about to punch dad in the face before he took off the blindfold. 
*I am  s p e e d*
Inb4 chapo whining about soldier posts 
I get the same reaction from my dog when I leave the house for 5 minutes.
This is so great!
PRUNE JUICE! A WARRIORS DRINK!
Can we implement a feels warning badge on Reddit? This is like the 3rd time this week I've cried at my desk.
I know better than to watch this while at a public place 😭
That was the weakest double-leg attempt I've seen all day
Headbuttt to the nuts, close but he went too high.
Smart to go for the double leg.
Omg my heart ..
That hug must have hurt more then the bullets
The second he rushed his dad the tears started. 
Sad they ever had to be apart.
I can hear him saying "you did great, kid" 
Props to this dad for not dying when the son ran face first into his balls
Cheap pops
Get that sweat out of my eye
They really went a different direction with Daredevjl S4.
Cried all three times I watched it 😭
Fuck I miss my dad.
Sees his dad and instantly goes for a double leg, solid choice
Solid takedown attempt at the end there
If this doesn’t melt your heart, then you don’t have one. 
All the way! Airborne!
You know, I know they say not everyone in the military is a hero, but it takes a lot to leave your family for 2 weeks, let alone a whole year. I was deployed, but not for a year, and coming back is always a great feeling.

*S U C C*
First 90% of video: Weirdly accurate representation of how our system treats our vets when they come back to the states.
immediately goes for the double leg after realizing hes fighting the superior striker, kid's gonna be a star
''alright time to fight this guy''

\*takes off blindfold\*

''OMG ITS MY DAD TIME TO CRASH HEADFIRST INTO HIS TESTICLES''

&#x200B;
aaah shit now im crying at work

Awesome and heart breaking at the same time.
Oof something got in my eye
Instant tears when he sprinted to hug his dad
Homecoming videos always hit me right in the feels.
These always get me right in the feels. 
I’m a single dad to a boy around this age, and every damn time I see one of these I cannot help but tear up. Reddit: where 10 minutes ago I was watching a video about Bigfoot alien hybrids and now I’m crying because I’m reminded of how awesome it is to be a dad. Don’t ever change. 
Lil dude made a rush for his crotch
Lol I JUST saw this on CNN
I like how the kid doesn't even stand up straight after seeing his dad and just charges him.
That's wholesome. Chicken soup for the soul.
its about the smiles and cries...👍🏼
Take down hugs = best hugs
Why did he spend like a solid minute or two lightly punching his child, before he finally said hello?

I've heard that some people are physical communicators, but I'm not quite sure his kid got the message through those fists xD
Nothing says I missed you like a headbutt in the nads....
Dammit. Crying on the toilet at work. I love seeing kids love their parents so much a reaction like this occurs. A feeling everyone should experience. 
All these kinds of videos are sweet and all but why when we spend 700billion on defence we can’t fly these guys home a couple more times a year? 
Been seeing these reunion clips for 18 years now, I wonder when it'll end. I also feel sad for all the civilians that were killed in the middle east, so many fathers didn't get to hug their sons like this soldier did. 
Anyone know why are we still doing wars? 
Right in the feels.
I need a subreddit just for army men and women coming home and surprising their kids and pets 😊
Who's chopping onions?
All you people thinking of funny things to say and here I am crying for the 6th time in the past minute that I have watched this. 
Made my allergies act up. 
This is so amazing 
Im not crying! You’re crying! 😭
Trying not to cry on the toilet.... 
he actually wasn’t going in for the hug, that was his finishing move 
I'm not crying, you're crying!
This should definitely have a NSFW warning. Why am I trying to cry behind my phone?!?
One of the best of these I've ever seen. 
I wish my dad put me in ninja class 
Im not crying... thats just a bug that got in my eye
This is why I'm not reenlisting.  Moments like this aren't worth the years apart.
First reaction: head butt his balls!
These always make me tear up. My dad was in, as was I

The kid managed to run in faster than most dogs in the same situation
Literally got me and my gf in bits hahaa
Why is his rank relevant?
Nice tackle 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA@AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
Ffs.  Why did i think that i would be able to watch this without bursting in to tears!!!!!
Wow, that was a terrible takedown attempt. 
I even knew I was gonna cry and I STILL wasn’t ready.
This is why every child needs a father.  Think before you impregnate
This repost got diamond and gold wtf
Seent it
You really didn’t have to flex on my heart like that
Knock his ass out!
Holy shit I got something in my eyes right now 
I like how after a few good licks in he’s like “alright, I have to get serious about this”
Woah. That ending just made me burst into tears.
Right in the balls, I mean feels.
Hey everybody, look at this touching moment between a father and son. Look at the human face of our military. See, we're not the bad guys, honest! Have you said the pledge of allegiance today? 
Damn What a great moment. Made my day
That tough fighter threw himself in his dad's arms and started crying. Such a sweet moment when he recognized him. 
😣😖😢❤️❤️
Who's chopping onions out here?
Knee to the face
This made my day
Shit like this makes me tear up
Some asshole brought onions into my office and I want to know who!!
I am sorry, something got into my eye
That hug, though.  Right in the feels.
Well now I’ve gotta call my pa
I love combat sports and I have no delusions about the need for a military but this gif being on my /r/all from a sub that usually posts cute dogs is some starship troopers shit my dudes 
He went for a takedown. 
Holy shit, did I just cry while watching a gif??
Oh my heart
Should've countered the kid's charge with a monkey flip 
Kid got heart
Fuck man. Why y’all gotta make me cry with these vids? I’m at work!!
I didn’t realize the kid couldn’t see in the beginning. I just thought “oh man he must be letting out some anger if he’s attacking his dad like that” haha. But hey all love! 
Where is the sound
God dammit I’m working 
Ahh fuck, my feels
I like how the Kid just stands there for a second like:
"Wait a minute...  I felt these punches before. Dad?"
Them feels 
Man, these are the best!!!
Beats the shit out of his son

##UNAGI
Im not crying your crying 
Unpopular opinion: don't leave your family in the first place
Goddamn it, here's your upvote
Who's chopping the onions.
Came here to post something sentimental. Read the top 2 posts about crashing into his balls and dad TKO ing him. Why I love Reddit. 
Ya onion cutting fucks 
Dass nice.
This is truly sweet
Damn .. there’s something in my eye 
Take down game is WEAK
Are we not gonna talk about why he’s blindfolded?
Nice to see a post that isn't an animal finally
How tight is that blindfold?
Went straight for a takedown. 
OP should have had a warning in the heading. Tear inducing video alert. That was the best thing I've seen all day.
I actually cried 
This is why I left the army when my wife announced she was pregnant. Could’nt bear the thought of not seeing my daughter. 
definitely cried watching this. 
Gah, as someone whose gone through having my parents deployed, the relateability of "coming home" videos always gets me right in the feels. I'm not crying, you're crying.
Man these get me every time. Brings me back to when my dad came back from the Persian Gulf war and I was 12
I'll never get tired of these surprise kids gifs/videos. 

Should have punched dad in the balls though.
r/mademecry
I'll never know love like that.
I'm not crying at my desk 😥😥😥
I'm not crying. You're crying.
is there a sub specifically for these types of videos??? 
Fuck the military 
Kids got some pretty good jabs.
His name is Sgt Suprises?
As soon as he sees him it's right back into the position his dad used to put him in before he left... On his knees
SWEEP THE LEG!
I wonder what they kind of relationship is like.
I think of myself as a "manly man". I hunt and fish and build things with my hands. These vids never fail to make me tear up. 
Right in the feels
And from that moment on, Little Timmy had two moms
Can I get some sound so I can cry harder?
Our troops should be home, with their families. 
Welcome home hero.
Well you made me cry. You fucking did it you bastard.
#bringsmetotears
I’m not crying you are 
Daredevil in the making
Arrest anyone who doesn’t at least tear up at these videos...if they haven’t done something evil yet, they will sooner or later...
So, what he is doing a one year in other country? Are he is Defendig his son, or destroy other family around the world? 
These always made me feel such happiness, but after having a kid these always make me well up.

Having someone love you so much, especially a child, YOUR child, is overwhelming.
My daughter (5) does this pretty much every day that I come home from work.  Its going to hurt like hell when she grows out of it, which is probably soon 😔
His hands are down. He's just asking for a chin check
that light speed YEET into the hug
Aww fuck
I like to imagine he hates his dad and tried to do a double leg take down but when his dad bear hugged him he started crying because he failed 
Yep. I just cried in public watching this. 
Right in the feels.
I think I have a splinter in my eye... and a fork in the other.
No shoes in the dojo!
Oh it’s for a reunion vid? Eh ok. 
My heart
I'm not crying, you are.
Damn, this hit me in the feels.
My heart hurts 
r/mademecry
The kids training to be the next daredevil 
My eyes are leaking the feels
Tear ducts and that dude’s ball both got rekt in this. 
I'm surprised he didn't get clued in by the father-son olfactory bond right away
I just saw my dad earlier today for a brief 15 minutes because he had to drop off something for the registrar and I already miss him 
I love this shit. What a precious moment caught on video. Dope :)
I was waiting for the dad to knock him out hahaha
I want the audio :(
Don't make cry at work.
Welp, I didn't WANT to cry today, but fuck me I guess. Lol <sob>
Solid takedown defense from Dad.
And I’m crying.
love to give my son cte 
Dad was ready to block that spear takedown attempt.
He went in for the blast double but got sprawled 
ffs these onions.
This is sweet and all but it's also kinda weird.
Ah the head first flying tackle hug, the truest form of uncontrollable excitement
Head on crotch
You made me cry in public!
 Fuck,  this kicked me right in the feelers. 
this warmed my heart. thank you OP
My dad would have "surprised" me by knocking me out...
I'm not crying, you're crying...
Keep ya chin down and hands up. 
That's why I just open links before reading subreddit/title. That made it A LOT more wholesome to not know what was going on.
These surprise reunions always get me. 
I will never not tear up with soldiers re-uniting with their families. When my dad came back from Afghanistan, i was 11 at the time after not seeing him for over a year. I won't forget that moment of running across the tarmac to give him a huge hug as he was getting off the plane.
Thought that real life drizzt movie would be have more swords...
I miss you! But imma head butt your balls first. 
So wholesome 
I’m not crying YOU’RE crying!
His little face ugh all the feels. So cute.
Oh he messed up the double leg takedown /s
That was an adorable billy goat hug. 
Shit I ain't crying what chu mean
My dad was deployed to the liquor store 15 years ago to get some cigarettes. I just put on a blind fold. Wish me luck guys. 
These make me cry almost every time. Whenever they come home to their dog too ugh
Headbutt to the groin, good father says "we'll ice that later, provide son with acceptance and love now"
I'm not tearing up right now there's just something in my eye.
"Dominate the dojo"
I usually hate these reunion stories but this one made me cry!!!
These get me every time 
Omg I Love these videos! The feels! 

Can whom ever is cutting onions though please stop, I’m trying to watch an important video!! 😭
Wow... just wow
How do we know he isnt just going for the take-down?
Why do these always get me? :’)
Is there a sub for these reunion videos? 
Is he training to become Daredevil? 
Oh man 😢
Time for a bunch of edgy reddit socialists to tell us how we're not allowed to feel happy for big ebil military men.
I’m not crying, you are :’) 
I'm not crying you are!
I didn't realize the kid was blindfolded first time through...thought those Army genes are strong with the little one.
this is so beautiful im crying
I’m not crying, you’re crying!
I never get tired of these videos :)
*SSG
I never feel right watching these. I feel voyeuristic for not having earned the emotions these people are going through and I'm experiencing vicariously.
I intentionally never had kids but when you see this, wow. There is nobody on earth who has, or ever will, love me that much. Nice to see such a bond. 
The end fills my heart up 

I'm crying
Damn you people. I’m waiting in my car for my kids to get out of school. First I’m crying because of, you know, dad and son, so sweet, he missed him. Now I’m crying because the comments in this thread have me rolling. I cannot stop laughing. Love you turds.
Sheesh right in the feels. 
I can’t imagine going a year without seeing my boys. 
I always tell myself "This one won't get me" - they always get me.
Man. Im so glad I didnt have a family when I deployed.  Some of my friends were devastated to leave and I understand.  Even better now that I am a father.  That hug is something you remember, even if you are just watching.
Dad lightly chin checks him with his first punch... Gotta assert your dominance when you’re coming back to be the man of the house :p
This shit makes me sad as fuck this dude missed an entire year of his kid's life for some bullshit unending war. This should lifestyle choice be shamed when brought up, not responded with "awwwww"
I like how he goes for the takedown immediately 
"Hey son I just got back from killing a bunch of people!"
I wasn't trying to do this today, yet here I am crying at work for being happy. 
The way that kid realized who it was and just jumped at him made my fucking week
That's Rob Cesternino, video here [https://youtu.be/F61ICxKIZjM](https://youtu.be/F61ICxKIZjM)
this is so sweeeeet :')
He can protect the nation from terrorists, but is no match for his spawn spearing his balls.
Diving in for the double leg!
This is way cuter than it would be with a corporal
These things always make me think less “awww” and more “how fucked up is our society that this kid losing his dad for a year is normal.”
Awwwww. ❤️❤️❤️
Why do they never have time to get out of uniform in these videos?
Street shoes on the mat?!
God damn onion ninjas!
The hug hit harder than any punch. 
This is so sweet. This is the kind of stuff I need to see.
 Cushed by feels.  The look on the kids face.
Instructors got a black belt on his upper lip
I can barely see him!  The new camo works!
Oh God I need to hug my kids now! 😭
Most adorable headbutt
He magnet 
This has become a spectacle. 
Currently deployed...right in feels.
I'm at fucking work.  Thanks for making me cry at work.
These get me every time 
Kid thinks he's so tough, but he gets punched a few good times and he starts crying and tries to tackle his opponent. What a bad sport. 

Also, is anybody else having a problem where thread titles aren't showing up? Oh well. 
Great form         - check
Caring father.        - check
Good punches   - check
Tears down face - check 


😭😭😭
Ninjas cutting onions over here...
ONIONS! 😭
r/wholesomememes
No man should have to be away from their son for a whole year!
Onion chopping issues 
These get me every time
