I saw a story about how he used to send all of his money to his family back in greece, to the point where he couldn't afford a taxi to a game, so some fans literally spotted him running to the game and gave him a ride. It's so nice to see pro athletes like this who are so genuine. Hats off to you Giannis
Giannis is just an awesome guy and a great player!

Giannis's mother from behind tells him

''Agkalia pali Agkalia'' Which in Greek means. Hug her again Giannis hug her''

I love mothers..they can read the situation so perfectly


I love the security guy at first was like WTF WTF WT.... aww that’s cute
Sweet fuck, he's so tall!
[removed]
I don't follow basketball enough to know who he is, but I can tell he is a genuinely awesome human being
Giannis is such a wholesome guy and an absolute monster on the court. I really hope he wins Most Valuable Player and Most Valuable Hugger this year 
An experience that young girl will remember for life, what a good guy move.
This is so wholesome. 
What is this moisture gathering in my eyes?!
This is going to date me but I don’t care. 

When I was a little kid my dad took me to Toy R Us to meet Mr. T. I had drawn a picture of the A-Team and gave it to him. He took it, looked at it, said “thanks little man!” and gave me a high five. 35 years later that’s still one of my most vivid childhood memories and probably encouraged me to keep drawing 
If he isn’t a dad, he’s got excellent dad intuition.
This guy is the new face of the NBA.
Proud to be a SE Wisconsin native. 😊
Love shit like this ! Is there a sub for sports/famous people being awesome to fans ? Reddit help me out here ! 
The way he reacted when he first saw the folder, love his gentle reaction to go to her, what a great guy wow!!
r/nbaww
Absolutely love Giannis. Outstanding player, outstanding person. As a Celtics fan I really want to dislike our competition, but it's just impossible with this guy. I hope his ankle heals and he's at full strength come playoffs. 
This is why I get annoyed when people say stuff like "athletes don't need to act XYZ  because they don't need to be role models if they don't want to".

Nah man, kids look up to athletes like no other. This moment is fantastic, and I hope Giannis continues to give back the joy to all the young ones out there. 
I bet Giannis went home and put them on his fridge
Giannis is great. The video of him asking Russ if he can hold his kid is just so wholesome. He’s a good dude
"These fuckin suck." *punches her directly in the face*
I wonder if he knows how much this meant to that little girl.
Class
Goddamn, Legs. Seriously though his hand is like the size of her whole back. 
Reddit is always so quick to judge how someone is without context. Sure he looks nice now, but are we just going to ignore him [murdering someone in broad daylight?](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=d8FYUdPPUy4) Smh
Damn proud to be a lifelong Milwaukee resident and Bucks fan. Giannis is MVP on & off the court 
EVERY DAY. Every day I fall in love with a man who doesn’t know I exist. We need more of this in our life because this was a truly great moment. Props to Giannis and HELL YEA to little kids enjoying and falling in love with the sport at such an early age. 
Fun fact the girl is 5'11"
That man is effing taaallll i know shes a kid but seeing him stand up was like holy ftall
Giannas number 34 in your programs number one in your hearts.
You learn everything you need to know about the power of sports from moments like these. Whether it is pro-wrestling or soccer or MMA or whatever tickles your fancy... there are moments like these off the field/court that show you how captivating they truly can be.
what's with the security guard being so suspicious? did he think they were gonna fight or what? 
Giannis is a great dude. Can't hate on him. He's definitely one of the special ones.

Sincerely,

Rockets Fan
I’m not crying, you’re crying. 
You're crying. I'm not crying.
Dude is great!
I love how he hugs her before opening the folder to see the art. It conveys that he values the gesture and her, on top of anything he values on the art itself. Unconditional thanks and love.

I don't know much about sportsball, but this guy looks like a genuine good egg.
this is the dude that needs to be the face of the NBA
"Giannis what are your most prized possessions of your career?"

"These two MVP awards, these two championship rings and this little girl's art project"


Giannis fan this year - after reading about him and learning more about his personality. upstanding guy
That girl will remember this forever.
What a cool dude.
Hnnngh my heart
That is what its all about man!! Thats is awesome!!
This nearly inflated my raisin heart
Dude makes me want to watch the NBA just to cheer him on. What an awesome guy!
Stuff like this really shows the magic of professional sports when you have an awesome role model like the Greek freak himself. 
I don't care for basketball, I'm in the UK, I don't know who this dude is but he's my new favourite basketball player, he made her year. 
The sheriff/security guy in the polo shirt is worth watching after a couple loops.  When Giannis gets up he's looking away, when he turns back there is a second of "what is happening" look on his face.  
Giannis once told a little girl that she could become anything she wanted.

That girl was Leonardo DaVinci
I don't have a clue who this guy is but the look on his face is so genuine. What a sweetheart.
Why do we have so much publicity of all the horrible shit that's going on in the world? Why can't we silence that and show more of this and of the good people in the world making an amazing difference? What a lad. 
Giannis looks so genuine. When he walks around the table, the way it looks like he makes her feel important, that is incredible. The humility shown here from a world class athlete is not something you see every day.
He is so kind and genuine!  
Omg what a genuine guy. I love being from Wisconsin right now. #Fearthedeer
Giannis makes it so easy to root for him as both a person and nba player 
As a Chicago fan I have to pretend I don't like Giannis... I love Giannis. What a genuine dude.
Giannis for MVP
Giannis is an absolute sweetheart. I mean that wholeheartedly. This man was born and raised impoverished in Greek from an African decent. He came from nowhere and the bucks took a massive swing when they drafted this kid. He has put in so much work and dedication to become the player he is and the provider he is for his family and the people from his lands. I thought LeBron had the best personality for the face of the NBA, but this kid here, if he ever becomes the face will have the best personality. 
But when I try and do this, they "remove me from the stadium". Smh.
I teared up, OK!
I love Giannis, such a good guy
what a legend
I legit just burst into tears at the loveliness.
they pure happiness on that dudes face, so heartwarming 
For a second I thought he was going to step over the table. 
Giannis MVP confirmed
He made that little girl's entire year! Good man. 
This will be truly wholesome when someone gets me that gentleman's number 😍
I WANT TO UPVOTE THIS AGAIN - SOMEBODY PLEASE DO IT FOR ME
Dude coulda just stepped over the table
I love that he's just twice her height, it makes him putting in the effort for a the picture even better.
I like how the lady was trying to get a picture that fit both of them, that's a struggle! Heartwarming moment tho 👍🏽
I'm happy, why am I crying?



Oh it's 5am.
I'm not crying, you're crying. 
STOP CUTTING ONIONS!
If you weren't sure, you just saw one of the best parts of humanity
For a lot of artists sharing their art with others, especially people they admire or look up to, is something that often takes a lot of courage. It can be a very personal thing to share, so his reaction is pretty perfect haha, really warms my heart.
The first thing that touched me on Reddit
Good sports guy!
this hit me in the feels. 
This dude dissed me in 2K tho so now I have mixed feelings.
There are players that are superstars on the court and players that are superstars off the court. Giannis is one of the few that is a superstar both on and off the court. One great guy.
Oh man, as soon as she gave him a hug, the tears came. It looked so strongly like the hug my 3 year old gives me when she needs reassurance that everything is ok. Oh man, what a moment in that girl's life. 
This made me tear up. How freaking sweet!!
He could’ve just stepped over the table
When you are this tall, you need to bend your knees when hugging children.
I dunno why, but seeing kids cry out of joy is always so moving and impressive. I guess because I think of it as a uniquely mature response to happiness. Before the age of 20 or so, I'm pretty sure that the only time I cried was when I was sad or in pain.  This is so sweet.

*Edit* There's some video out there of a 10-year-old-or-so kid who learned that his stepdad adopted him, and he immediately starts to weep. I honestly am getting a little misty eyed even thinking about it.
"I wonder what he plays."
Stands up*
"Oh"
His smile is everything
This is a role model for sure, such a genuine reaction and a genuine heart
Giannis seems like such a genuine dude
Seeing people cry tears of happiness makes me wanna cry and I'm a 20 year old man lol
Giannis is my fucking dad
Too wholesome 😭😭😭😭
My favorite player too girl!  So awesome!
I love seeing when professional athletes take the time with kids to make their dreams come true! Class act. 
I didn’t know this was my favorite player until now.
For those that aren't aware, this is Giannis Antetokounmpo. He hails from Greece, but has Nigerian heritage. He's young, but his growth into one of the best players in the league has been astounding. He is physically imposing, but he seems to be one of the nicest, most thoughtful players in the league.

If you want children to look up to athletes, this is the absolute perfect example. 
That cop looked eager to tackle the 10 year old 
THATS MY MVP
I’m a grown ass man with kids and teared up at this. These guys showing kids they mean something can’t even be put into words what it means. 
Dude is tall asf
This is the most wholesome thing I've seen. 
The world is full of shit sometimes but things like this warms the cold dead heart inside me
Top bloke. 
It’s so embarrassing to me to see the comments on here. What a beautiful moment between a child and an amazing role model, professional athlete. So many jaded people on here. Reddit isn’t a platform to spread your lame, sarcastic bizarre response to this video. You’re just projecting your own insecurities and hatred for yourself onto others. Psychology 101 
I’m crying, that was the sweetest thing I’ve ever watched 
Still couldn't spell or pronounce his last name, but he just always seems like such a class act and overall great guy. 
Well that was adorable. She was very sweet. 
I ‘aww’d when I saw this and nearly choked on my sandwich. But that was darn cute! 
Fair play to him
Who sprinkled pepper in my eyes???? Or was it onions??? 
r/MadeMeSmile
I’m from Philly and I gotta love this guy!! What an amazing young man 
Is that mom in the back who looks like she’s about to cry?
This is awesome. I had a smile on my face the whole time.
The best part is the players reaction. Glad he would stand up and give her a hug, it probably made her week
Have no idea who he is, but good on him. 
Giannis is awesome and seems like a genuinely great dude. The way his smile just kept getting bigger until she handed him the artwork was the absolute best. I've not been able to watch a ton of basketball recently but the man is a monster on the court and hope he wins MVP.
That security guy lmfao
With all the BS negative stuff online this it takes just one of these posts to make the negative go away. 
I don't like or want kids but that was cute as heck
Westbrook woulda fought her
Giannis is so sweet. This is wholesome af.
She so LITTLE next to him!!
oh man is someone cutting onions in here?
On Wisconsin!

(Damn I miss you, your people, your snow and your cheese. Here's to hoping that someday I'll manage to move back!)
He has such a genuine look of happiness and surprise when he opens the folder. Heartwarming.
That man is a lot of people's favorite player
Gotta love professional athletes who are equally good people. 
This is so gat dang sweet. 

I think it would be hard, as any kind of celebrity, to remember sometimes that we all started as kids with a dream. With paparazzi and publicists pulling your attention this way and that, hungry fans that just want an autograph during your dinner date to sling on eBay... For someone at the elite level of their craft to reach out and hug a kid who looks up to them, that could be life changing for that kiddo.

So genuinely kind.
Bucks in 6 baby.
Now I'm on the toilet at work crying.


thanks reddit
he is the next goat
2 min of his time to give that girl a memory of a lifetime.
That's the frontrunner for 2019 NBA mvp race y'all.

The Greek Freak
I'd be willing to bet that Giannis watched Mister Rogers as a kid!

Too bad more people who are given a spot in the public eye don't use that gift to spead positivity.
Jesus christ his hand is the size of her torso
He looks genuinely happy and interested. Very cool, my dude. You made that girl's day.
r/nbaww
He’s a sweetie
Bruh. Why am I crying in the club rn. ❤❤
Impossible to dislike this man. 
Literally everything I see with Giannis starts off with oh shit he’s huge/athletic freak and oh yeah also just a great guy. 
That's a moment she'll look back on until the day she dies 
This is so sweet bro!
MVP
Idk who is cuter, the girl or Giannis
I'm not crying, you're crying
Give this man the MVP award because this speaks volumes on his character 
NO YOUR CRYING!
You guys...im the only guy in a 10x15 office with 5 women. Stop making me tear up. 
His smile seems so sincere.
Thanks for making me cry at my desk!
Good man
I will forever and always envy sports stars, actors, and musicians for their ability to, through the smallest gestures, make someone's day like this. I'm tearing up in a bathroom stall at my job watching this, lol. 
Why this dude walking around the table mans could just walk right over it
I have no idea who this person is but the way he glowed when she gave him that folder, how touched and grateful and respectful he was to that little girl made me a fan...
so wholesome, legit biggest smile on my face while watching this.
I hate him because he’s so good at basketball and my team has to face him. But he’s such a god damned awesome dude 
My ovaries are in overdrive
Dudes a class act, I believe the Bucks finally convinced him to sit first class instead of coach this year because of security reasons. 
My eyes are leaking. 
Def needs to kneel for hugs. 
Giannis is a good dude. 
Sometimes humans are the cutest animals
Giannis the Gentle Giant 
The King of the East is a generous king.
Props with the job of professional athletes comes the title roll model. What a wonderful way to react 
I'm from Milwaukee and a Bucks fan.. I can honestly say the love he has shown our city and his fans is amazing! This video makes me so proud to have a man like him represent our team 💚
Giannis is my fave player. Love this guy and his big heart. He’s also hilarious if you follow him on IG. Can’t say enough good things about him. 
Love Giannis, so happy he’s the face of the Milwaukee Bucks. 
When he first stood up I was afraid he was just gonna keep on standing up more and more until his head was through the roof
giannis is the central father figure in my life.
Security guard looks so nervous.
When he started standing I didn’t think he was gonna stop.
/r/ThatsMyFuckingHero worthy
"I don't want to be in the background." Relatable. 
Giannis makes little kids cry, Harden4MVP
Dudes so nice
I knew better than to open this right before I have to walk into work. I'll just tell everyone I'm high :/
My god, those hands are huge. He could throw that girl like a football.
He's the future of a Post-lebron NBA. Probably already the best player in the league. Great guy too.
I'm not crying. You're crying!  
The cop at the 20 second mark-

“ Oh shit, I should be doing something , but I don’t know what.”
Fuck You! I’m not crying.
Dammit, I just became a Giannis fan....
For a moment, it was like he a had a daughter who looked up to him. Beautiful thing to see. 
His smile when she's presenting it to him is so genuine, what a great guy.
Giannis. A beast on and off the court 
This guy just gained a new fan!
See why dont people see more of this in todays news ... like fuck man the media has really messed up peoples view of the world.. utter chaos now ..  but just my opinion 
What a stand up dude!!!! ❤️ I’m not crying, you’re crying!
She was adorable in this, but his face when he saw she made him artwork... Dude lit up like Santa was coming.

That was fucking wholesome.
This brought tears to my eyes! 
I live in Milwaukee and its an open secret that he lives in an apartment downtown with his mom and brother. There is also a legend that when it was the first or 2nd year in the league he would send every possible penny to family in Greece. He was running late to practice one day and was actually running there. Some family stopped and picked him up, giving him a ride to the stadium. 
And he asks at the end if they wanted to be in the pic, too.

Such a good dude.
I don’t know why this touches my heart so. I didn’t even know who he was till today! But he seems like such a sweet person, it makes my heart ache seeing someone with such a genuine smile on their face. 
Athletes like this are the best
This is so sweet. 🥰
MVP
He just became my favorite player, too!

Now I'm actually interested in watching basketball again. 
But when I show people my hentai drawings......
That dude with the badge. In the back, there.

He was really uncomfortable with the hug. Lol
Lol I just noticed how worried the security guy got when he turned back around and saw Giannis getting up
Giannis Artskindacooltho
I think Giannis just became my favorite player. 
I cried.
Idk who the dude is but the whole thing is so pure and I love it
I feel fuzzy all over, it’s so damn wholesome 😭
I love that he got up to thank her before even seeing the content of the folder. It is praise enough just to receive a gift.
Great Guy. The greek freak 😍
stupid onions!! so cute.
Always liked Giannis- now, I'm a fan for life
I feel tall people should bend down when hugging someone short. Especially a child, that little girl is damn near his junk.
What does he play? I'm guessing he's a jockey 
Wholesome at its finest
The pride of Milwaukee 🏀 love you Giannis! Keep doing you. 
I wish I have a chance to meet Giannis like that! He's so sweet!
Damnit. Not Giannis is for sure getting the MVP over Harden 
He's got another fan now. 
MVP on the court, MVP off the court 
Giannis is a class act!
This is the pure shit I needed today❤️ thanks 
Watch that cop in the background not having a clue what's going on and squaring up to get into a fight until he realizes what's happening 
The little girl in the background at 0:22 looks like this just made her completely content with her life for the next 50 years and she immediately became a loving granma
Anyone else just watching the woman trying to capture both a tall and small person in the same photo. No, just me then. 
i dont follow sports but i am from wisconsin therefore i am obligated to like giannis. what a cool guy
Way to make a grown man cry Giannis, i mean, im not crying shut up.
I'm a grown-ass man, minding my own business, sitting in my living room crying now. Thanks Reddit.
Giannis is so scary on the court, looking like he is ready for battle, while always seeming like the nicest person off the court. Got some cheap playoff tickets earlier, Fiserv doesn't have a bad seat.
That's a real man, and a real artist, thanks for the faith in humanity 
Did anybody notice the security’s relief when he hugged her lol
I feel like Patrick Swayze in Red Dawn. I keep yelling DON'T CRY! but it isn't working...
The poor security guard looked lost as fuck.
No wonder Stoughton was so packed yesterday; everyone found out where they could find adorableness!
This is just terrific.  What a sweet girl and what a nice man that player (Giannis Antetokounmpo) is!  He seems really genuine.
THE GREEK FREAK!!!!
The top of that table is the same height of the guy’s knee. Am I seeing this incorrectly? 
yes very cute.. what is his @ again ? 
It's staggering to see how tall he is amongst normies
If the 76ers can’t win it all, I want the bucks to win it all 
PG-13 or James would never
aaaaaaand Im crying
This was so wholesome. I feared up a little bit 
See people - it isn't hard to be a decent human being.
Hero's are everywhere.
I came here to laugh, not to cry ffs.
Perfect guy to be the face for the league
r/HumansBeingBros
I hope on of those pictures end up on his fridge. 
r/thatsmyfuckinghero
He's just the best dude!
So sweet. That young man is a good dude. I thought this was great.
I love how happy Giannis looks by receiving this from her.
This put such a huge smile on my face
 This is how you make a fan for life
Stupid onions on my sandwich
GiAWWnnis <3
Oh man, the onions came back. 
Giannis has done so much to reinvigorate the city of Milwaukee. He’s an incredible person and athlete and really loves the city. 
God I love Giannis. 
/r/audibleaww
Giannis seems so cool
We want to see the artwork! That’s awesome! 
This is so adorable 
Look at the mom in the background!! This is so sweet I love it!!
GIANNIS FOR MVP. PLEASE.
I didn’t expect tears today but here I am crying 
This made me tear up!!
omg I just cried too--she is so adorable! Must have great parents too. 
What was her project idea?
I couldn’t hear. What was it she gave him?
Stop making me cry at work damnit
This is an awe. ❤️.    Very cool. 
Im not crying, you are
As a Cavs fan, GO BUCKS!!! The Freak will be a load in the playoffs.
Giannis is genuinely a great guy
This is why I love Reddit. Mainstream news makes me anxious and lose hope for humanity...but videos like this restores it. I still believe we are a world of good people, it’s just the bad apples that make the most noise. 
this is how every pro athlete should behave.. 


the “you guys want to get in?” at the end rlly did it. he’s so sweet
Lol at least security was vigilante!  That’s so sweet tho. 😌
And that players name?

Albert Einstein. 
the girl next to him is cute af.
She’s a Milwaukee Bucks fan. You know she is a hardcore fan if she’s been cheering for them for more than 12 months!
All the girls, traveling, and fame would be fun but it probably doesn’t hold a candle to this. NBA players legit get to create precious memories for their fans by just being themselves.

#bucksin6
It's impossible to not like Giannis.
😍😍
It only takes one person to change and inspire a child's passion. Looks like he did that. I'd love to see her work years from now.
How he was grateful and hugged her before seeing the quality of the work shows that he is a good guy
Deep joy watching this! How lovely ❤️
I’m not crying, YOU’RE crying!
Giannis is the future of the NBA. 
I think Giannis will be the best face of the league we've ever seen, especially if he brings a championship to Milwaukee. From his humble origins, work ethic, killer instinct, to his wholesome personality he's the embodiment of the underdog, immigrant, and American dream. You can't write a better story I really want him to win.
You know this is good when his girlfriend stopped looking at her phone!
I love when famous people are so kind to their young fans!
I FUCKING LOVE GIANNIS!!!!!!
I don’t even care about sports in the slightest, but this is the first Awww post that literally made me cry. This is so wholesome. 
Time to work on that James Harden velvet painting....
Awesome 
Omg. I’m crying 😭. This is awesome!
[deleted]
That's sweet and he seems genuinely touched.
Giannis is pure class all the way. 
this is an athlete our children should admire 
Welp, sorry Harden, I think this seals it.
This is so sweet.
I started laughing when he went to stand up and just kept growing.
I’m not crying you’re crying
What a sweet little girl, that must have made his whole week :)
HE IS SO TALL OMG
Haha I 100% empathize with that little girl. Something amazing and intense is happening, I gotta cry.
That went on his fridge too. You just know it. 
I love how he is genuinely happy and cares about what she made for him. Definitely /r/humansbeingbros as well.
Awwwwwwwwww
Why you make me cry at work?
i am not crying, you are crying. 

&#x200B;

\*sniffles\*

&#x200B;

..fuck man that is so cute
Giannis Anteidizkskfkfosmflpo
I'm not crying, you're crying!! 
I would be extremely satisfied if giannis beat the warriors in the finals 
There are athletes out there that deserve to be role models and athletes out there that people shouldn't be holding up as high as they do... Giannis is definitely the former.
Fucking love giannis
Bucks organization hasnt been this charged ever and it's all because of that one man and he's a good dude too. Just the best
Stop making me tear up, I'm at work.
Good guy Giannis!
That means so much to that little human and big human recognizes it. Beautiful 
Beautiful moment.  Great job.
I'm not crying, you're crying 
r/sportsarefun
Holy shit. This warmed my heart. What a nice guy
MY MVP!

God bless Giannis
:')
She was so happy!

Awesome!
I’m not crying, you’re crying! 
Fun fact about Giannis Antetokounmpo; [in 2016](https://www.google.com/amp/s/syndication.bleacherreport.com/amp/2651885-giannis-and-thanasis-antetokounmpo-begin-military-terms-in-greece.amp.html)  during the NBA offseason he and his brother, Thanasis (who plays for the NY Knicks), both went through mandatory Greek military service.
I love this guy so much, and I'm a die hard Celtics fan who is supposed to hate the C's rivals. This guy's just too likeable.
This is so wholesome and cute. Im not crying you are.
They say this guy can’t be the face of the league. I don’t care if he’s foreign or not he’s a role model and that’s who you want as the face of the league 
Giannis once ran to a game. Literally ran. It was his rookie year, and he was late without a car, so he panicked and ran. The dude is an incredible human 
MVP
OMG. This touched my heart ❤️
Fan for life right there. Well done Giannis.
MVP MVP MVP MVP!!!!
Giannis is the best with the fans. As are most NBA players to be honest. 
Show the camera her art!
Giannis Antetokoumpo

I love this guy. When he got drafted by the Bucks (15!!!) I bought his jersey and started playing Basketball. Me and my family went to Belgium to see him play with the Greek National Team. I hope he gets MVP, what am I saying he will get MVP. Big player with a even bigger heart. 
I'm not crying, you're crying.
What a cool guy!
This is so sweet. I want to see the artwork!!
Crazy how tall he is compared to everyone else standing up. He's like double the mom's height.
I just have something in my eye I swear 
#BucksIn6
I cried
Holy smokes, Giannis just got like +2000 XP in my book
Very sweet.  When celebs appreciate their fans its amazing.  Unlike Madonna who, "Loathes Hydrangeas"
This actually made me cry. 
Welp, I'm crying. 
Just beautiful! 
Giannis is fucking adorable. He’s just a kid, a 7 foot tall kid, who happens to be a god.
Here I am, a grown ass man, crying on the toilet. What a good dude
I was surpised when he stood up. The height of the table has the same level.of his knee. 
Milwaukee struck gold with this guy
The little human is malfunctioning
That is so cute 
After watching this, even as a Rockets fan I can't be mad if he wins the MVP. What a wholesome dude 
What a Greek Treat this was 
That's some awwwwwwwww done right. 
Sometimes the littlest of things can change a persons life. 
Who in the fuck is that sexy piece of shit and where can I watch him play whatever the fuck it is that he plays 
Look I get this is supposed to be cute, but he guy basically teabagged her without trying.
Giannis is such a good player and I really hope he can get his ring this year 
Even heard a couple midwest OOP 's in there.  

Who is the girl on her phone who smiles?
Made me cry
That was super cute. Seems genuine <3
Pretty damn wholesome if you ask me 
The Greek Freak is having one of his best season in the NBA, I'm not surprised he is getting this type of fan appreciation.
Damn idk who this guy is, but he has an infectious smile. I just want him to be happy forever
These are the role-models kids need, awesome guy
Is there anything Giannis doesnt do right?

MVP
I’m gonna Giannas with you, He’s a great guy on and off the floor
Giannis is awesome!!❤️❤️
Love over hate.
When I was a kid we used to go to all the sporting events for the local university. I was probably 6 or 7 and just thought one of the basketball guys was the coolest human ever. Spent weeks trying to make him the perfect picture. I still remember the one I gave him. It was about as good as you could expect from a 7 year old who was not good at art. 

The guy (asks my dad for permission first and then) picked me up in his 6' 6" arms and just gives me the kindest hug while thanking me for the cool picture. 

I don't remember the guy's name, but I've always remembered his kindest. That's all I had to say. 


This is precious! 
Who left these onions out!!!? 
That's so awesome!!!
This is fantastic
THE LEAGUE MVP AND THE PEOPLES MVP
THAT DUDE IS HUGE!
Was this from Giannis visiting Stoughton the other day?  He was supposed to be there like 2 hours and he stayed almost 5!   

BROGDON
MVP 
I’m already having a good day, but damn this is some wholesome stuff that makes me smile
I love that he moves around to hug her before even opening it.  The act alone was worth the hug!
Love Yianni!!
Another great reason why he should be the face of the NBA!
I'm not crying, you're crying 
I would love to see what she made. Mad respect 
This will stick with her a very long time. Such a wholesome boost for her self confident and  A+ move from the player 😊
I really hope he stays there his whole career. He’s a good dude. 
I fully expected Giannis to palm her head there and an now slightly disappointed 
I don't usually cry on Fridays, but when I do, it's because of r/aww
i need a fuckin hug like this  

*sweet alcohol, come to me*
Respect for that.
Aaaaaand now he is my favorite player.
MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP
Aww-kward
Giannis is the best kind of guy
Got a fan in me.
Who’s chopping onions damnit 
MVP
Yet another reason he should win over Harden
I LOVE YOU GIANNIS. And you too DJ ;) 
this is awesome
Ma boy Giannis!

Not all hero’s wear capes
He's the real MVP!
I love Giannis 
Jesus...I wish I was that nice and not old and bitter!
Faith in humanity restored 
Class act.
No idea who that dude is, but he's a class act!
The awkward moment that he knows she's too short
MA' MAN !!!
This is the sweetest thing. 
I like him even more after watching this video great guy!
It's just amazing that he has stayed so down to earth.
I would be the proudest mother!
So here's a thought I had based on the last still of that video: It seems like Giannis's arm from shoulder to fingertip would be about as tall as that little girl is. It's crazy to see NBA players compared to normal sized people, especially kids. 

Giannis seems like a legitimately good dude. And he's still only 24. The future of the NBA is in good hands. 
Giannis is the fucking man. Not even a Bucks fan but he might be my favourite player
The Greek Freak!!
/r/greece would love this.
Pure love expressed!! You can feel it through the screen
This just seems like one of the coolest things about being an NBA player. Sure, you make incredible money and you have a lot of social status as well, but the coolest part has to be making an impact on so many people just by being yourself. 

Also, Giannis is an INCREDIBLE player on the court but he’s just as incredible off the court if not moreso. Dude sent so much of his salary home during his rookie season that he didn’t have enough $ to Uber to practice at one point. He’s the definition of a role model in every sense of the word. 
this belongs on r/MadeMeSmile
Kids meeting their heroes is such a mixed bag. It's often times so overwhelming for them. And it can really be up to the 'hero' to navigate it for them.

I've dealt with tons of it working for bands for almost four decades. But the one I remember the most was when Dwight Clark did an in-store at a video store I worked at.

It was over and he was outside the store, leaving. A kid and his dad got there late, but Dwight stopped, and the kid, (probably 6 years old,) was about halfway to him, then got scared and turned and ran back to his dad. The reality can just be too much, sometimes, and it causes a kind of sensory overload.

Fortunately, Dwight was pretty fast, and was able to tackle the kid before he made it back to his dad, and give him a hug.
Thats my MVP r/mkebucks
God damn onions!!
Love it!!
Holy shit i didn’t expect to cry but here i am
I don't really know anything about this guy other than he's having an amazing season, but everybody who talks about him has nothing but good things to say. So, good for him and will be rooting for the Bucks come playoff time.
Security getting real fidgety when dude got up
MVP!!!

Most Valuable Person.
This just completely made my day and restored some of my faith in humanity. I’ve never really heard of Giannis before this, but I’m a big fan now.
My eyeballs nearly started sweating. Nearly! 
Love what this organization has become, immensely because of this man. Thankful
What an awesome thing that girl did for him. 

What a super kind act of love back. 
Giannis for MVP!
Awww
FEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELS omg
This is a direct counter to "never meet your heroes". :)

This is so cute 😭😭😭😭 my heart!!!
When he came to play the Cavs last year, the Greek community came out on droves.  He came out and met with them all after the game.  I believe it was on 60 minutes.

&#x200B;

Yep.  Here it is.  The whole interview is great but skip to 4:15 for when he greets his "Cavs" fans.

[https://www.cbsnews.com/news/giannis-antetokounmpo-the-milwaukee-bucks-greek-freak-60-minutes/](https://www.cbsnews.com/news/giannis-antetokounmpo-the-milwaukee-bucks-greek-freak-60-minutes/)
The best thing about this is he shows gratitude before he opens the book _and_ after
Amazing human being
Don’t know who he is but this is beautiful
I'M NOT CRYING YOU'RE CRYING
 Hol' up, hol' up, hol' up, hol' up, stand up, be humble 
Gawwwwwwnis
I AM NOT CRYING AT MY DESK!!!
This is nice but I’m just watching the security guy in the background lol. He looks nervous as hell
Shit, dude, squat down, you sasquatch preying mantis 
Awe
I really didn’t expect this to make me cry. But. I was very wrong. 
I'm not crying, you're crying
Did this happen before or after the good people of Milwaukee made him stand in line in the cold waiting for tacos after he played his ass off in a (playoff?) game?
I needed this today. Not just G doing it right and making that girls day and possibly so much more, but did anyone see how genuinely happy that little girl in the glasses was to see her sister/stranger/friend/whatever so happy herself?  Good stuff.
Dude looks so genuinely happy, this is wholesome as fuck. Thank you for sharing OP, this made my day :)
Gianni’s YOUTHE REAL MVP 😭❤️
The security guy in the background 🙄
GIANNIS IS THE GOAT
As if Giannis needed to win anymore cool points. Now he's just showing off.

Milwaukee, you got a gem right there. I hope he retires a Buck.

- A dejected New York Knicks fan
This dude probably Keanu Reeves' best friend
What’s the art tho 
As if he wasn't already awesome this puts the capper on it. #GiannisIsTheGreatest!
That dude is an amazing player, looks like an even more amazing person, and will someday bring Milwaukee a championship ( this June?). I hope the nba doesn’t fine me for tampering. 
I have no idea who this guy is but he’s awesome 👏 
MJ, Kobe, LBJ, Giannis Agadshfoiethffsdfhdfs

A new era.
Welp...guess I have to follow basketball now (at least this dude)
WHO THE FUCK IS CUTTING ONIONS 
Fuck that's cute 
i’m not crying i’m not crying i’m not crying-
Giannis!!!!!Bucks in 6!!!! Seriously love the whole Bucks org 
this is why sports > 
I wanna see the art 
This guy is this years NBA Most Valuable Player
He’s both handsome and sweet. That little girl will remember his gleeful smile forever. 
Class act 
Got me all in my feelings 
lil tay
r/HumansBeingBros
I've heard Bret Hart talk about how, years and years later, grown men approach him in airports, the mall, etc. They will be in tears, talking about how Bret had given him one of those pairs of shades that he put on children before a match, and much it meant to them.

This is no different. Blow that person off, and you've lost them for life, and your name will be mud with all they speak to about the encounter. Treat that fan well, and you have a fan forever.

The decent, smart and kind ones realize that you should always take care of your fans.
I hope in one year from now we get a post with the same little girl and Giannis but the title reads”Girl gets the opportunity to dunk on her favorite player”
Proud to have him on my favorite team.  Class act
Giannis is a national treasure 
the guard is clueless
Don't cry, miss! You're making *me* cry! This is so decent I love it. 
WTF is wrong with that security guard?
MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP MVP 
I really needed to see this right now
That's sweet 
That was adorable 
Great, now you made me cry at work.
I wanna share my collection of dirty retainers with my idol.
That's a class act right there
1000th! Also awwww
