Yeah go ahead, try and tell him he can't have his toy because he picked the wrong bucket and lost the game, I dare you.
His head wobble when he sees the toy is fantastic. I wish my cats got that excited about toys.
Saw this all the time in NYC, mountain lions would come to the city and lose all their money to the three card monty dealers. What a bunch of rubes.
Made my day😂 but isn't it dangerous?
Mountain lions would probably make great pets if only there was some version of them that was smaller and less murderous.
[deleted]
Acts like a kitten, except 300 pounds.
r/hardcoreaww
Ahaha just playing with the mountain Lion nbd
I wonder why he didn’t realize where it went, though! Do big cats not develop object permanence or something? My house cats always won our little shell games, no matter how much we switched it up. Also, the restraint that animal shows is impressive! 
Holy muscles!!!
It’s cool to see that all cats are kitties but in the same beat I’m also thinking what makes me go awww when my cat does it scares the crap out of me when a cougar does it lol. 
This is valuable information. If you’re ever chased by a mountain lion, just remember: He’s probably an idiot.
‘Let the cougar win.’
Hmm... Glad I wasn't hiding under the bucket. 
"to shreds you say?"
Awe. They did a little kick kick into the stuffy. My cat does this. Awwwww big kittyyyyyy
I was thinking that I wouldn’t want to be there when the mountain lion finds out his toy isn’t under that bucket.
Now I know if I see a mountain lion coming after me I should have three big ass buckets ready
Steve French!
Hes got murder mittens 
[deleted]
I have that same spherical giraffe.

His name is Johan.

(Johan Sebastian Giraffe) 
I think I'd just let it win the first time.
The YouTube is I_am_puma for those wondering.

You need to see his little jacket that he has for walks in the snow though, fantastic. 
\*tries to cheat puma with slight of hand*

\*puma rips my throat out*
Why the fuck does this guy have a mountain lion in his bedroom?
Dumb danger kitty still dangerous danger kitty.
Note to self: if being chased by a mountain lion, hide in a blue bucket, then shuffle ‘em. 

Unless, of course, you have two friends with you. Then the bucket game becomes a bit of Russian roulette.  
That's adorable in a "it could viciously rip you to shreds if it had the mind to" kind of way

Nice cat though.
I was told at one point big cats don’t have object permanence which is why you are safe from them at night in a tent while camping. I used to think that was crap and it was just to get people to not worry about them and get some sleep but after watching this it may have some level of truth
My mom had a pet mountain lion named Jake. I always thought it was folklore until she passed and I was going thru her stuff and came across pictures of the lion. My mom was wild. 

Edit: a word
I like the little inquisitive paw he does when he sees the toy.
Cute but yikes not a pet. Danger kitty!!
I used to play this with my dog but in a different way. 

His favorite skittle was the red skittle. 

So I would take two skittles. One red, one random. And put one in each hand. 

He would sniff my hands and put his paw on whichever he guessed had the red skittle. 

If he was right he got to eat the skittle. 
If he was wrong I got to eat the skittle.

He pretty much always got it right. 
RIP buster I miss you homie. 
Glad he didn’t go for the face after the first fail. 

^I ^sure ^would ^have
I see a mountain lion and I immediately get flash backs of playing Red Dead where they'd leap out of nowhere and insta-kill me. 
I know that thing could fuck me up with no problem at all but it’s still 

so. damn. cute. 
And the slow sinking realization that the toy ball could very well be your head.
Messi!  I love Messi, he’s so sweet.  Check out I AM PUMA on YouTube if you want to see more.
Aww, it immediately tries to disembowel it.   
Their youtube channel https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvph04Sh9CFKAw-gA6y-brQ
Original video with sound: https://youtu.be/RtIoUWAItOw?t=143
Give it a few year's and this exotic feline will be in Centerpoint Indiana at the Exotic Feline Rescue Center. It's not cute to keep animals like this in your house or apartment. Eventually you won't be able to afford them or take care of them. Then they will come out our way after the mistreatment.

 http://www.exoticfelinerescuecenter.org/home.html 
M u r d e r m i t t e n s
This is such a great example of why big cats make terrible pets. Imagine if it got that excited for a toy while your arm was in the way. Even when they're playing, they can accidentally do severe damage to squishy humans.
Shit like this is why people think it's ok to have wild animals as pets
Seen a YouTube video about that mountain lion. This is Russia unsurprisingly. They rescued it from a petting zoo. Evidentially it has a genetic adnormality that makes it slightly smaller and not aggressive towards humans. They take it on walks on a leash but because it’s quite cold where they live they have it wear onesie pajamas. 
Am I the only one worrying about the mountain lion going "where did the toy go? NOW YOU WILL BE THE SUBSTITUTE!!! RIP AND TEAR!!!!!!"
Big or small, a cat will always be a cat!
Is there an explanation as to why the mountain lion can't track which bucket the toy is under?
More like r/AHHHH
This is VERY adorable but never try this with a wild mountain lion or you might get hurt and I don’t want you to get hurt 
Handguns don't protect your home from bad guys, house lions do. 
Their YouTube channel is amazing. I want a genetically stunted cougar. 
So many comments about the toy, other cats. Hair ties and plastic milk rings. I feel like we all just sort glossed over the fact that a dude is playing 3 card monty in his bedroom with a full grown mountain lion.   See, to me that's the most interesting part of this 
TIL mountain lions are bad at the shell game, and the stakes are much, much higher than usual.
Holy shit boys that’s Steve French! 
Fun fact: mountain lions are the largest cat that can still purr and meow.  Or at least they can make sounds that somewhat resemble a meow. 
The YouTube channel looks interesting. A man and his puma. Humans will bond with anything.
Well that's just a big kitty
Nice murder meower ya got there
now we know. if attacked by a mountain lion hide under a bucket 
That’s funny! I bought a cheap little fishing pole and tied one of our cats cheap little mice things to it. My boy loves that thing and it’s easy on you. I usually sit at the top of the steps and cast down.   I reel it up slow and he hides on the stairs waiting for it to come by. Man he loves that shit!
Was is he playing with a mountain lion?
A cat is a cat. No matter the size.
This is super interesting from a phsycology perspective. I wonder if those cats will generally fail this test or if this one got unlucky
"Can I haz now? No, ok, you hid it... uhhhh... THIS ONEZ... But it waz here... OH YAY WE BE REUNITED! IT WAS TOO LONG!!"
Perfect! so all I have to do in the event of a mountain lion attack is hide myself in a bucket and shuffle around!
I understand this animal could rip me apart easily but I still couldn't help but squeal "aw kitty kitty" when it found its toy. 
Why is that wild killer beast of an amazing animal.... inside a house playing cup game???
Yeah sure, let's confuse and piss off a mountain lion. What could go wrong?
Ummm, there's a mountain lion in the bedroom!!
Who in the hell keeps a mountain lion as a pet?
Aaaaand that's the last time we'll play that game.
Now do the disappearing behind a sheet trick and see what happens 
What an idiot lol
Warning=DONT ACTUALLY PLAY WITH WILD MOUNTAIN LIONS=Warning
“Do that again and you’ll be next!”
Is this dude de-clawed?
TIL that mountain lions are basically idiots
*Visible confusion*
This video makes me want to pet a mountain lion ._. Guess I'll just have to settle for my miniature panther 
Thought the lion was gonna lose his shit when his favourite chew toy disappeared from under the first bucket. 
That cats more muscular than I'll ever be
Look at the muscles on that thing
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvph04Sh9CFKAw-gA6y-brQ/videos
Love it.
Can they get high of catnip like house cats can?
i love this so much, that murder kitty is adorable =D
To where’d you get a fukin mountain lion
"Hey, it's my...! Oh."
Not the sharpest kitty in the box.
Cats are cats.
That's interesting that it can't follow the logic of "ball under cup, cup moves, ball under cup in new position". It's clearly not a visual target tracking challenge like the normal game, the cup was moved very slowly. The cat just didn't understand the underlying concept. 

This actually seems like the sort of thing they'd use to test animal intelligence. I wonder if a house cat or a dog (without prior training) could figure this out successfully.
I guess it’s to be expected. With the tortorlan world quests set up outside, random beasts would occasionally come across them. 
let the Wookie win. 

&#x200B;
What a beautiful animal .
Cats are the one animal that don't seem to change behavior across breeds. Even the small ones are just bite, rip, kill, play. The only difference is killing power. What the hell. 
Oh wow idk why I was just expecting them to be smarter than that. 
The millisecond gasp and paw move to grab it at the start was all the awww I needed.
Mountain lion BITE YOU! Mountain Lion EAT, EAT,EAT!
He was like WTF lmao
If I ever walk through muscle kitten territory I will bring three human size blue buckets with me for the confuse!
IIRC it's a rescued cat who was high maintenance for the soo/shelter

Youtube chann is I Am Puma or something

They gave a great setup for it
Steve French!
All this video does, it make us all want a mountain lion now. 
Wait until it plays the shell game with your body \^\^
You have some stones sir
Now I know which bucket to hide under if I’m ever in a situation with a mountain lion and three buckets. 
The best thing about big cats is they have the same behavioural instincts as little cats.
“I’m gonna kick the shit out of the fluffy thing with my back feet”
Murder kitten.
Obligatory comment about the size of those murder mittens
Why the eff us there a mountain lion in dudes apartment
Please don’t see this, think you want one or something similar and go buy an exotic car!

This is not a normal car! 

Edit: should be cat but the phone autocorrects a bit aggressively. 
Steve French isn't as smart as i thought...
Messi!
He knew it was in the middle the whole time but he second guessed himself. Kinda like a human would do on a test. He looked at the middle one first and several times. 
Lol what a dumb ass 
That's Messi! He's a dwarf puma in Russia.

I_am_puma on Instagram.
Reddit, tell me why a mountain lion is a horrible pet
With the bed in the background is that your pet?
What I learned from this is that if you stumble upon a mountain lion, pull a bucket over yourself and run for your life.
I personally would not want to change his litter box.
My heart tells me to hug and kiss it but my mind tells me no.
I_am_puma
Its always nice to see Messi popup here.
That's actually a really interesting video, just to see how their brains work when given a problem like that. It goes to where it saw the ball last, not where it moved to.

&#x200B;
They don't call em big cats for nothing 
Lions are dumb AF. 
a happy mountain lion
Amazing how all kind of cats, big or small can act like well..... Cats. 
Isn't this called full card mounty......lion
Cats will be cats.
That's just a big kitty
Prey drive versus cognitive thinking. Explains my life.   
He must have seen the videos where there are more treats under the other buckets
Cute.
Big cats are awesome
Am I the only one who noticed how muscley that cat is once he gets his toy and falls down playing with it? I Would not take that toys from thay cat. Ever.
This is incredible!!!! Love it so much. 
I hear these stories of man killing mountain lion with bear hands or whatever, and I start thinking I could take a mountain lion in a fight.  Then I see a video or picture of a full grown one and I am reminded it would fuck me right up like I was just another meal.
Jesus, you can see the muscle rippling in the cat.
Best not to upset the adorable murder machine.
Are we just ignoring the fact this dude has a FUCKING MOUNTAIN LION IN HIS LIVING ROOM THAT HE IS TROLLING?
That's one dumb lion, I got it right from the first try
So should I ever find myself pursued by a mountain lion I should hide under a series of buckets, got it.
Dumbass ^^^justkiddingshesabeautifulcreature
I like how mnt lion took a second look like...nah it’s got to be in this first one.
Everytime I see videos with crazy awesome animals in them, I just think to myself... "What is your life?!". And I am jealous.
All cats are pretty much the same.  They only vary in size and lethality.
Love the reaction when he/she discovers the ball.💝
I've played too much Red Dead Redemption 2 to enjoy seeing this animal, under any circumstsnces.
The raised paw at the beginning when he thinks he’s gonna play with it is what got me 
What sorcery is this? Witchcraft!
She ain't the sharpest tool in the shed, but she's purdy. 
/r/sweatypalms

&#x200B;
https://youtu.be/RtIoUWAItOw
He dumb af
I follow him on Instagram, that Puma really loves that guy!
Is this legal?
r/animalsarefuckingstupid 
Everyone adding anecdotes about their cats. Are we really pretending owning a mountain lion is comparable to a regular cat?? 
This specific puma is unusually tame. I've seen them as pets previously but still sorta dangerous. 

This puma goes to dog obedience training and just sits there. The other dogs chew on it and it does nothing. It's really kind of astonishing.

IIRC He was a runt abandoned by his mother and raised by the guy in the video. They're in Russia. His channel is "I am Puma". They have English subtitles. 
That’s adorably terrifying. 
I like how he looks back and forth between the left and middle one for a few seconds but then thinks *"yeah, you're not gonna fool me that easy"* and goes for the left one.
He dumb, or what? 
Cats are cats

If a lion wouldnt murder me or my other cats in a heartbeat i would have one
Is this the little bitty mountain lion from, I think, Russia?
Aww it's just a big cat with murder mittens
r/lionsarefuckingstupid
Human brain: mountain lions are eangerous and they wouldn't make great pets  
  
Monkey brain: heehoo big kitty
Cat.
r/cutebuthorrifying
Steve french
THIS MOUNTAIN LION IS NICE AS FUCK!!!!!
the fact that mountain lions do the same bicycle kicks my kitty does makes me so happy.
As a pit owner, i wanna know where the hell they got a toy that can survive a mountain lion for more than 3 seconds.
Unethical and dangerous and yet, so adorable.
Stupid dog
I want a big cat idc if it murders me so what!!
I feel like it’s a good way to die. Yeah go ahead piss off the giant cat.
This dude literally has a Mountain Lion in his bedroom. Bold move cotton, let’s see if it pays off for him. 
What a dumbass!
Too much Paww to be aww material he scary man
Ooooo, big kitty. Cute kitty. Scary kitty. 
He's just a big ol' kitty
The kind of cat that hunts hikers & bicyclists. People need a healthy dose of fear for them imo
Dude this man risking his health you don't just mess around and play games with a mountainnlion
Omg that's friggin adorable. 
Sometimes while playing, my 7 pound will kick me with her back leg and cut/scratch my arm. If a 150 pound cat did this, even accidentally you can die.
Watching the end of this.... I wouldn't want to be in the same house, let alone the same room as a mountain lion...

Cute, and deadly AF.
That got murdery real quick 
Why is a mountain lion in what looks like a dorm room?
The lesson here is that when attacked by a mountain lion hide under a blue bucket.
Aww what an adorable man-eater.
This reminds me of my previous cat and makes happy and sad. Thanks for the memory!
He wuvs his toy :) 
[in today’s news of wild and wacky](https://imgur.com/gallery/QeZbG) 
fck that grab after he saw the toy.. 
The muscles on that cats shoulders and back are 💪
whatta big dumb idiot 💙
Aww. That's terrifying and adorable at the same time!
Definitely not the animal I want to play tricks on. 
Was about to say aww he's just a big kitty. Then I realized nope, cats are just tiny lions.
/u/vredditshare
Adorable and utterly terrifying at the same time.
Can I sits in the bucket?
u/BrilliantDepartures busts a nut
Where does one obtain a mountain lion  
Big kitty 😍
[removed]
I just liked watching the lion sink its teeth into the toy. 
Once family, always family. There something about adopting any type of bigger cat (except tigers and shit) that really doesn't scare me much. Felines are really loving and caring for anything that is family. 

Only thing I would be scared of is it escaping and snapping the neck of the first kid it sees.
AwwwwwHOLYFUCK that is terrifying 
Where did you get a mountain lion
Joe Rogan: “That cat will FUCK you up.”
We will read some day that this guy got eaten by that mountain lion
Love it 
THERE YOU ARE YOU LITTLE BITCH Ahgrrgrghrgrgagrhrgargrhrgrg!
Cute... but I’ll stick to house cats thanks.
How old would this one be? 
While I normally love watch people play with our beastly friends from the wild, I do suggest caution with this mountain lion. The way he plays with that toy is kinda scary. Still extremely cute tho!
Haha! Dumbass
Hopefully it won't eat/kill you
Terrifying muscle. 
I live in Los Angeles and have these murder kittens drink out of my pool on summer nights. 
How sweet.  A kitty is a kitty, no matter how big she is!
This needs some gif text.
Cute but Fuck No 
Let the wookiee win..
Up until this moment I thought "how the hell do zebra stripes even help them?" And then I saw a mountain lion get stumped on a single move. Now it all makes sense. 
Me looking for dat chocolate lolololololol
Big kitty is still good kitty. 
Lmao
Wait a minute, that’s a mountain lion.
TIL mountain lions are dumb af
They really are just big cats.
I can’t even get my dog to not attack me wtf is this shit 
dumb mountain lion
That's a lot of catnip. 
Cats will cat
Shes very bad at this game
This reminds me of this video https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/trollface
So cute
I, too, like to play with fire.
Kills the guy and strolls off with the toy. *"Thats my toy PUNK!"*
Mountain lions don't have object permanence...

TIL
And the mountain lion thinks with a Forrest Gump-voice: I am not smart mountain lion...
Is this fully grown or a juvenile lion? 
HI STEVE FRENCH
I love how at the beginning when he shows him the toy, the mountain lion is clearly saying, "Yeah, that's mine, give it here."
Steve French been eating too much weed. 
That’s a Puma.  
That's scurry
We had 2 pet mountain lions when I was a kid. The nice one attacked me twice! Good times. 
 I was 4 ish and 7 at the time. 
The fuck has wild animals in the house around children small enough to be prey? 
Who new that a blue bucket was the perfect defense this whole time! 
What kind of dog is he
So if I hide in a bucket and switch places with another bucket while under attack from a mountain lion, they'll never find me. Got it. 
Oh god the second it found it, thats me when its sees me
His little swipe at the air when he sees the toy the first time is fucking adorable 
Man cats are the derpiest of killers.
Not a smartest cookie in the jar. 
hahaha. dumbass.
This is fantastic!
TIL mountain lions have the object permanence of a 6 month old. 
That went from aww to no no no real quick
Doin' me a bamboozle.
Just try to take toy away from him, I dare you.
You're definitely jacked when your delts are visible under a fur coat. 
"Playing the shred this stuffy not my face game with a danger kitten"
Fooled me too
I don't think I could hate my job if it was to play with large dogs and cats all day. 
 What a cute murder cat
The house always wins man. Always. 
Dummy.. but cute..
Before they were stars: Siegfried and Roy
Kitty went full on kill mode at that ball!

Thought I was in r/awwwtf
When I read shell game, I imagined Mario Kart.

Was still not disappointed.
At least I can laugh at how stupid it is while it eats me.
Aunt Karen is so happy to find her you! 
Bamboozled
Let the lion win.
More like s'Hell no! game. 
Don't ever let him see you washing out those buckets. 
Here, kitty kitty.. Oh snap.. a lion came!
It's a 🐈
Aww it's kind of cute how it's just walking around and....OH SH**! It's still a killing machine!
TIL, mountain lions are idiots
Now do the version with a treat, where the wrong bucket has more treats.
Cat are pretty dense.
Lol stupid cat.
Is this that mountain lion named "messi". Saw a show on him once. Beast buddies or something.
"I suggest a new strategy R2: Let the Wookie win"
Mawwl. 
Silly Kitty!
Amazing
thats just adorable, the life of a pet
I thought for a second it wasn’t gonna be under that one and he pulled some kind of trick. I think he’d be dead if that was the case.
He's just a big kitty Julian
I'd be so scared he would get pissed and jump me 
It's okay to be dumb when you're adorable
Wrong, that's a mountain cat
I wonder if the puma also destroys his toilet paper rolls.
Look at all that murder muscle. 💪🐱💪
Aww! This is so cute!
Genius 
Ummm it’ll kill you. 


What were you gonna do? Not give it to him?
That thing is swole. 
All that excitement sooo cute!
Can we just appreciate the fact how close we are to this mountain lion.....and how muscular and thicc it is?
That's one happy kitty
How do you play the shell game with a mountain lion? Very carefully.
Look at the muscle on those shoulders!
Before you go on thinking Mountain Lions are cute and cuddly, their favorite food is pets.  In California over half of them that had their stomach contents examined were filled with cats and dogs 
Imagine if there were a rat under instead of a toy...
Haha. stoopid mountain lion. 
I'm going to make so much money in the mountains 
Where do I get one?
Way more interested in the path in life that resulted in a casual slight of hand game at home on a saturday morning with a mountain lion. My envy is infinite.
Big kitty
Where the hell did he get the mountain lion from
what kind of dog is this
Man why'd you have to go and make me want a mountain lion just so I can do that and see what happens 

Mountainions are fucking stupid 
Sweet, vigilant puma. Principal of the mountains  
I would regret rubbing this kitty’s tummy.
Damn, dudes testing the wrong animal
Its so cute until you remember that mountain lions can treat you to shreds in a matter of seconds
Big cat, small brain
B-E-A-U-T-I-F-U-l
He shouldn't have gotten the prize.
awww git it :3
Jeez, just wastes no time going ham on the thing with those murder mittens 

Like "bitch, if you ever get away from me again!"
A big high kitty
When that cat got its paws on that toy, well, I have never felt so sorry for an inanimate object.
TIL mountain lions can be kinda dumb 
Haha idiot fell for it
Are you hustling me boy?
TIL: Mountain lions are stupid.
Iirc, cats don't really understand cause and effect. Like they don't learn it like we do. So what may take us a few times to learn that A will cause B, may take a lot more for cats to learn. 
That’s the kind of cat I need in my life.
r/catsarefuckingstupid
Aww he's like a big catdog!! 
they seem bigger than cheetahs yet I'm not sure if they're considered big cats? I'd feel much safer with a cheetah tbh
If I'm ever stalked by a mountain lion in the woods, I now know to hide under a bucket. 
This cat doesn't like when humans are lion to him.
I look at the lion and see a big cat. 
That litter box doh
I like how he/she points at the toy. It's like "THERE IT IS!"
[removed]
Mountain lions have the same rules as wookies. Just let them win. 
I think the lesson here is to always bring 2 buckets when hiking in mountain lion territory. Hide in one, do a switcheroo, and you'll be safe.
Ole dumbass mountain lion 
Had to go easy mode cause he ddnt want to get his face bit off
Such a huge animal and it still behaves like a kitty
Stupid mountain lion 
Unit
As a prof, my first thought was "this guy is not following what is going on". Bad student, bad :)
Omgggg ❤
Not the sharpest knife in the drawer...
From cute to killer.
Hmmm which bucket should I choose....... I'll just go with the JUGULAR!!!! 
He didn’t even try to make it difficult and the mountain lion still picked the wrong one. It got me good lmao 
Incredible animal. Imagine that ball is your head though......makes my heart race just thinking about it
Cats are cats. Lol
Shes called daisy, it's ok she dont bite 
Omg
I like it’s moustache.
Where can I get a mountain lion?  I'm going to get him a leash and walk him to the dog park. It will be soo fun.
u/spitsoutcereal

I need to see your exotic animal permit, sir....
Cute, but deadly.
Things dumber than meg 
I wonder if Crows would be able to figure this out.
It’s amazing how she acts like a giant house cat once she gets her toy. 
The mountain lion’s reaction is very much “you thought you could escape you sonofabitch?!”
Male or female lion?
aww that's so cu- *fucking murders plushie *
TIL Mountain lions have no concept of object permanence. 
You meant murder kitten right?
It's kind of fascinating how advanced object permanency must be (I think there where on display here)
He was so happy 

What a good kitty!!
Trick me again motherfucker and see what happens!
No way I am telling that kitty no. 
Jesus that thing is ripped 
Messi!
How does it happen that you end up with a pet mountain lion? Also, how come the cat didn’t see the two buckets moving slowly around?
Now I know if a mountain lion ever attacks, I just need to hide in a bucket and switch places with another bucket. 

Checkmate. 
Looks like meoshwitz in there
That lion has a fabulous moustache!
Every cat can be a playful cat!! That’s so sweet. But watch yo face. 
It must have been trained very well, by a professional.
That dude is lowkey cute
r/hardcoreaww material 
I want to say this is cute and I'd love to have a pet mountain lion but there is just absolutely no fucking margin room for ' my kitty got grumpy and bit me'. ' You can't have your toy until you pick the right..' \[Blackness\]
I'm imagining the ML being like

"Ooooooooh that's how that works, thats so trippy" and then of course attacking the toy happily 
What a big kitty!
"maybe it's a puma"
go cougs
Messi!
Lol 
Man what a dummy
Sorry but that lions an idiot 
He went in for the kill on that toy
This a dangerous game my friend.....
I would like to see him attempt to get the toy back.
I think you mean "very big kitten".
This is how people die.
Damn what a dumb ass lol
Oh dear god that’s terrifying 
https://imgur.com/FOvrSOO.gifv
You messin with the wrong cat round here
This is the well-known best defense against a mountain lion attack
Awwwww....awe *Fuck*
No earthbending 0/10
Kill pussycat kill kill
Murder activate!!
I've seen that  [bucket](https://i.imgur.com/02Yp4Oy.jpg) before!
r/moutainlionsarefuckingstupid
That's crazy! Everyone knows mountain lion owners souls have carpet so the claws don't scratch the floors! 
My cat used to love the smell of cocaine in the morning :(
Not going to lie, I too became excited when the lion got the toy. Especially when they started shaking it around.
Hehe
“Two outta three ain’t bad, motherfucker!*
And yet all my cats play with are hair bands and the juice carton lids.
What an idiot.
/s
Wait, wait, nope....AHA!
Human what the fuck where'd it go"
Must have hooked ol Steve French up with some buds today boys. 
We play this with my bulldog!
Such a floofy kitty
the urge to mess with a mountain lion, really? nice kitty but dude, i see you as second place.
"ah, it must be hidden in your flesh" - mountain lion before you revealed its location
Fuckkkkkkk that :o
This belongs in r/AwwHellNo
That’s a big cat!
stupid cat haha
Walking on real fucking thin ice here buddy
I know she's a wild animal but damn that is cute
That cat is so diesel.
Machine learning in a nutshell
Please don't teach them magic, they are scary enough.
He kept thinking, ''it's probably the middle bucket.. but just in case he's a real magician...''
Mountain lions are dumb. 
Your mountain lion is dumb as shit
That mountain lion is extremely adorable, but really not very good at the shell game.
Stupid animals I would of guess that first try.
That's dangerously adorable.
I loose. You die. 
HAZ BEEN BAMBOOZLED
That’s cute
You’re making that killing machine smarter?!
omg I want one.
TIL mountain lions are dumb but scary
I want a house puma...
You know the odds are usually with the house? Well......
Cat's gonna cat...
That's Steve French!
[Insert cougar/bedroom joke here]


...but no seriously, WTF is a mountain lion doing just chilling in someone's bedroom? 
Thanks for posting this
He killed the shit out of that stuffed animal
Bamboozled... 
I find it interesting the level a logic some animals have. He chose the bucket he last saw the toy instead of the one in the middle. If it were a type of primate I imagine since it has better spatial logic it would have chosen the middle bucket
I find this utterly terrifying.
This just proved to me that they aren't as smart as I anticipated
What a beautiful creature... great design.
u/vreddit_downloader

/u/vredditshare
Holy shit look at the muscles ripple on this cool cat as he moved
He's going to need a bigger bucket for his balls. 
r/slammywhammies
I can't imagine that toy lasted more than 15 seconds before it was shredded to pieces. 
Let the wooky win. 
I want 5
how is he ok being around you
Look at that cutie cat
A most dangerous game
Awwwwwe?        ^im ^terrified
OMG I'm in love! What a cutie!
That is without a doubt the best thing I've seen all week, damn that is adorable!
WHY DO YOU HAVE A MOUNTAIN LION 
Cats will be cats
I want one Mountain Lion tbh
Scary awww
TIL mountain lions aren't that bright.
The mountain lion is playing the shell with *you* 😂.
Such a big baby 
I, too, have issues with object permanence.
this size cat makes me nervous......af 
We call him Purrgore The Destroyer of Hardwood Floors.
My cat likes my feet when they are under the covers and I am sound asleep.
Steve French is a smart mahfk 
Such a baby.
Mom mom intensifies 

Edit: I'm leaving it.
I would watch 50 more attempts of this. 
Murder floof!
I love the little kick thing he does that reminds me of my own cat
TIL Mountain Lions are stupid. 
Absolute unit 
His Mike Tyson level muscles make for an interesting dichotomy with his furry cuteness 
Steve French, is that you?
Oh I remember a comment by someone much smarter than me sort of explaining this (if anyone has source or can explain it better please do so)

But basically the way cats” brains process cause and effect is much different than how a dog or a human would. I believe the study done was something like them showing a cat and dog a treat then putting it under a red cup. After they take the treat under the red cup they are then shown more red cups

One would assume that by seeing more red cups they’d think there are more treats which is how the dogs reacted. That cats however got overwhelmed and just left
Not very smart is it
That thing will kill you
Those muscles are no joke. 
