This got way more attention than I anticipated and I have hundreds of requests. I have reached out to several industrial 3d printing services to see if they can volunteer some machine time and material and I will be reaching out to people that volunteered to crowdsource their machines to help production as well. I am currently separating all the requests from help offers and may take a little bit since I have about 3000 messages. I am redoing some of the parts to make them print with less model and support material. I also reached out to the original creator, Erica Charbonneau @rickee to see if she would like to team up for this and she has offered to help as well. 

If it takes me a bit to get back to you, please be patient. I expected like maybe a dozen or so people to see this and didn't think it would go front page. 


Send me a message if you need parts  😁🤘

Edit: WOW! THIS WENT CRAZY !!

I have received so many requests so far... If you message me please send me your email and I'll contact you that way. I will write back everyone though and get parts to you.

I have a Fortus 900 FDM printer so I can mass produce parts pretty easily.

Also, thank you all so much for the awards and kind comments!! You have all made my day, this is awesome!

Edit again: This has really made my day and I want to say thank you for all the nice comments, messages, and requests. I'm blown away how successful this became and how quickly. I have had roughly 40 requests for parts so far and I will begin printing the items for the smaller animals first. I think I can have all requests so far shipped out by the end of next week. I have to juggle these a bit with work related prints, but these parts are fairly small and will print quickly.

If you wrote me in the comments, please send me a private message. There are just too many comments to sort through to find all the requests. I will try though. 

I have always loved animals ever since I was a little kid and wanted to be a Steve Irwin, Jeff Corwin, Jack Hannah, David Attenborough, and everyone else that got to play with animals on TV or speak to crowds at the zoo.  Unfortunately I ended up going a different path, but my love for animals always stayed with me. Maybe some day I'll be rich, won't have to work, and can volunteer at a sanctuary or preserve. 

The cool thing I learned from my post is that there are a LOT of people like me out there. I try to help animals whenever one needs help and that has been one of the things that truly makes me happy in life.

A lot of people asked if I need help or donations. So far, I got this. But if you really want to donate or help anyways please take a bag of food to your local shelter or attempt to help a stay or loose pet if you see one wandering around. That dog or cat may belong to someone that loves and misses them. Or that animal may need a home where someone will love and treat them well. 

Thanks again, this has been an awesome experience.


Edit: just woke up and realized I was only seeing direct chats and not messages too. I have HUNDREDS of requests! This is awesome. I'll compile all of the emails today and get this started. May need to crowd source some builds at this point. 😁
Awesome stuff. Doggo looks to be really pleased with the results. It could do with a little platform or a way to strap his rear legs up so the don't get caught on the axle. Not trying be critical, just a suggestion if you haven't already though of it. Good job dude!
u/LuciferLOL666 - I have a disabled elderly Frenchie who is almost paralyzed from the waist down and is still strong and virile from the waist up. I would happily take you up on your offer. How does this work?
A++ human-ing 👍🏻
When I was little I had a dachshund that slept with me. One morning I woke up and he was laying on the floor whimpering and I realized he either fell off or a kicked him off and he couldn’t move his back legs. We got him a wheelchair like this but he didn’t much like it and just preferred to drag himself around.

Dog was a stubborn little bastard but I still miss him.
To protect his back legs, you could tie a cloth into a hammock/sling thingy onto the top post and put his feet inside. That way he won’t hurt them. A lot of times dogs with paralysis don’t know that they hurt their paralyzed limb and will show no indication of pain. This could lead to infection or other bad stuff.
This is real r/humansbeingbros moment!!
This is beautiful brotha. Made my eyes a little misty but I swear I didn’t cry.
What about the bird shadow?  Wow!
So far about 40 requests for parts to help peoples pets!!

This is awesome!
We don’t deserve dogs but dogs deserve a hero like you!
Aw his little front doggie legs going just as fast as they can! You're awesome!
My sister took in a pig with deformed back legs last year, so far it’s been managing to crawl around okay, but we worry at some point it’s gone develop sores from dragging the one leg on the ground constantly. I may message you sometime in the future to see if there was a way to get a slightly modified version of this for a pig! Very kind of you to offer this!
You are the kind of person this world needs more of. Thank you.
That's awesome. If I could make a suggestion, it would be to find a way to make it so his hind legs don't drag so much. I have a thought of some kind of sling or platform between the wheels so they're still touching something, but not dragging on potentially rough ground.
Have you uploaded this to thingiverse?   If not you should.  That way others who do 3d printing can help make these for people who need them.
You’ll really send the parts and instructions at no cost?  I hope you’re serious, that is such a wonderful thing to do for someone!
Thank you for being a kind human.
Is that a wire hair fox terrier? I grew up with them!
You are the best kind of human
You are a fucking good human, OP.
I wish I had this 6 months ago for my dog. RIP

I made one out of 1/4 inch copper pipe but I kept having issues with getting him strapped in due to my shoddy design for the mounting points.
I,too will print the parts for free.  Care to share the stl's?
This is what 3D printing was for! Creating cool stuff and helping out other people cheaply!
Username does not check out! What the hell?
Does this work on cats as well??
I have a disabled cat. Her name is [Mau] (http://imgur.com/gallery/0BzWnQh). I found her underneath a school bus with her hind legs mangled about 5 years ago when she was a kitten. Here's a [before & after] (http://imgur.com/gallery/fXGWv). I was afraid of cats back then but I couldn't just let her be, so I decided to take her home. The vets advised against amputation, but she's doing well considering. She runs pretty fast and chases all the other kitties in the house. She can also climb up the bed by hooking her claws on the blankets. 

She was my "gateway" to taking care of cats, as I have rescued numerous other orphaned and sickly kittens over the years. It's tough work. I got really depressed last year as I lost 10 furballs (including my elderly dog on my birthday). Fuck 2018. But seeing the others thrive and growing up healthy and ready for their forever homes is worth all the pain I've been through. I just try to convince myself that they wouldn't have made it otherwise. And for the ones that didn't make it, at least they felt loved and warm as I usually placed them on my chest while singing lullabies as they passed away. I'm taking a break from fostering now as I'm emotionally drained. 

I'd love for Mau to have wheelies, but I'm from the Philippines so I imagine shipping would be prohibitive. I wouldn't be able to afford it (not to mention the other parts) because we're dealing with our family's (human) medical debt. But thank you for helping all the other animals out. That is very generous of you. You're giving them a new lease in life, and imagining them running freely makes me smile. 

Bonus pic of my latest kitty [Panna Cotta] (http://imgur.com/gallery/DYb60KI). I found her last Dec 26 but her story is for another time. She will be the very last addition to my furry family in a long long while. 😂
Absolutely wonderful. Male rats have trouble with hind leg degeneration in older age and I so wish I could have had something like this for my boys! Tried once with some Lego bits from a truck design but it didn’t quite work out. The dogs are lucky to have you!!
You are the type of person that everyone should be thankyou
Aw. :)
Bless your heart.
Someone's cutting onions next to my desk. Bless you.
The world needs more people like you. That’s awesome.
It's cool when it works for them. I guess some doggos like them. I know from what I've seen of *cats* with rear leg paralysis or missing limbs, though, that they're... not fans. Cats move dynamically, and instinctively like to climb things and survey their territory from a vantage point. A wheelchair ends up being more limiting to them than just adapting to getting around via wicked foreleg strength.

So before anyone goes and gets a fancy pet wheelchair for *kitty*, I'd look at stories like Cassidy the #MiracleKitten's (rescued by Tinykittens, also home of "Grandpaw Mason") [https://youtu.be/i0CY\_fNIKq4](https://youtu.be/i0CY_fNIKq4), and Chloe the Paralyzed Kitten (formerly fostered by Kitten Lady, aka Hannah Shaw): [https://youtu.be/0cWNMNjn6So](https://youtu.be/0cWNMNjn6So)
That's so cool! 

Also the shadow on your arm looks like a really big parrot. Is it a parrot?
Took at his little dog tail wag! He’s so happy. Bless you.
Not only do you bring endless joy to the dogs but also to their owners. You are a true hero.
This warms my heart. Keep up the outstanding work! You made my day!
[deleted]
Not all heroes wear capes
A high quality human being! God still makes a few of you once in few centuries. High amounts of respect sir.
This is fantastic!! They need to pout little socks on his back feet if they are dragging.  Just so they don't get raw and infected.
They see me  rolling
Thank you for being one of the good guys!
No he can have his own r/zoomies.
You’re a good human. Thanks for warming this other humans heart. I hope there are many more humans like you in the world.
Such a cute pup! Glad he has a new leash on life 🙂 thank you for sharing
This exercise will probably extend his life, and it will certainly make life much for fun for him.  Bless you for doing this.
Amazing consider you can get paid well for doing this.  Go you!
Why am I crying????
God bless you 😇.
You are the **best** kind of person.
i love u
Think of all the happy pups (and cats) out there who’s life you’ll make! Thank you.
Up, up, up you go, you beautiful person !
This is amazing and absolutely fills my heart with joy. I needed to see this today!
How kind of you /u/LuciferLOL666 !
This is super sweet OP.
Omg the way it wiggles its tail!!!
Such a happy puppy.

Ugh the way the tail wags 😍
The world needs more people like you
 this is absolutely fantastic and you are a real jewel! 

What kind of back leg guards work for that kind of set up?
Good guy Lucifer
You are the man.
I love this!
that is just awesome. you're a good dude, OP
I hope life treats you just as good you make these dogs feel 💙
You sir are my hero. What a fantastic gesture. ❤️
Lil bud.... so happy to see this! You’re a great person and I want to thank you for doing this!
This is an amazing show of amazing humanity. Thank you so much for doing what you do.
While this is wonderful, retail dog wheelchairs aren't expensive and they're much better made.  They are more comfortable for the dog and agitate the underlying conditions less.

In fact, adjustments and straps are altered based on the issue and not doing so may make things worse.  For example, the most common paralyzing issue is IVDD which can occur between any vertebrae along the entire spine.

There is a better quality one on Amazon for $60.  Not to detract from your kindness.  I just think that anyone who cares about a dog enough to get a wheelchair for it would do anything they could, including spend $60-$250.  Which is less than some vet visits.  Not to mention the dog is paralyzed and shitting all over itself for days while this ships and gets assembled.

I'm sure I'll be downvoted for my comment, but I'm advocating you take better care of a paralyzed dog.  Even wheelchairs for humans aren't one size fits all disabilities.

If OP is going to do this, he should work with a vet.  I know he feels he's doing something kind, but he can also be sued if his parts and instructions harm a dog further.
Dear Sir,
My little MinPinChi has IVDD and thus has a hard time walking and pooping. I would greatly appreciate getting the details on making this lovely wheelchair to help my girl live out her golden years more comfortably. Please let me know what info or $$ you need from me. Thank you for your generosity in making this available for our precious pups!
B. Petersen
Is it possible to get modfications fit for a human 5'4" 135 pounds male
Now you just need a strap to hold in his rear legs so they don’t get caught/tangled on anything and aren’t just flapping around
You’re a good person! Also, is that a schnauzer?
What a great gift to give a sweet dog their mobility back.
Per your name is it at the cost of my soul?
That's very cool. Good job and nice thing you are doing 👍😊
Good job !!!!
This warmed my heart
Love this, you’re amazing!
That's fantastic! You are a good person. 💕
You’re awesome.
r/HumansBeingBros ?
That’s amazing! That dog probably loves it! Thank you kind and good human
Hero!
You're awesome man! That dog is prob so happy there!
pretty F'n awesome!
You’re a good one
😭❤️😭❤️
You are such a wholesome human. We need more people like you in the world. Bravo my friend.
thank lucifer for you. You are most definitely a child of the night!
This is fantastic! Thank you so much for sharing this!
You are an amazing human! U made that lil guys life so much better good on u mate!
I have no disabled dog.. but you sir, deserve all the upvotes!
This is the best. I can't imagine how happy your friend or free that dog must feel now.
Well done!!!
That is so awesome of you! The dog looks so happy, and will undoubtedly live a longer and happier life because of you.
You are such a kind and amazing person.
Aww this is amazing. Thank you for taking the time to make this. I'm sure your friend and their dog will be eternally grateful. 

Is there something that will need to be done to prevent the dogs back legs from dragging and getting caught? So there's no damage that could cause a risk of infection etc.
You sir. Deserve this 🏅. And a life time of happiness and love.
You're a good fuckin' dude...keep on keepin' on.
Look at that tail go!
You,  Sir, are an amazing human. 
All the upvotes and medals are well deserved :) 
Keep being awesome !
You could really show that dog how big the world is by recording him with horizontal video.   


:) But seriously, that is awesome work! Well done! Way to bring more good into the world... LuciferLOL666.....

&#x200B;

Name checks out.
You're an amazing human being
This is so wholesome
God bless you man. People like you remind me that humanity isn’t completely terrible.
I think ninjas are cutting onions right now
Wow, that's absolutely awesome. YOU'RE absolutely awesome!!!
Poor little guy. Look how happy he is!
You are amazing!!!!!
This is wonderful.and the dog is soo happy!
You, u/Lucifer666LOL, do not live up to your name!!!! You are, in fact, an angel. Technically, Lucifer was an angel, but you get my drift.
So cute. Looks like a welsh terrier just like mine
You're the hero we need.
You a dope person. So happy to see dogs get freedom like this
U have a good heart
I like how pets dont think they are disabled they just carry on like its normal, its great
#Front page
You are amazing, god bless you!!!
Your name really doesn't check out, but I'm okay with that. You're a good person Lucifer.
How long til he shits on the bar?
Lifetime of good karma
Its been said many times already, but you truly are an amazing human!
I'm not crying, you're crying.
You r an awesome human!! I can tell how much it means to you to help these babies! Thank you 🤓
Can this also be used for disabled cats?
You are an awesome human being!!!
You’re a great person.
Thanks Satan.
Is that a fox terrier?
/r/rimjob_steve
r/humansbeingbros
Go Gators!
You the real MVP.
Do you have a funding page?  I appreciate what you’re doing, but the capitalist in me keeps asking how you sustain, and how you make a profit.  Before everyone starts booing, what if you took that profit and put it into rescue of animals with disabilities?  Are you trying to make a business out of this?  Or just a passion project?  Because I feel your passion!
Even when your name is Lucifer, you are still a very good human being.
You are an amazing human. I lost a Pit that I loved very much about a decade ago due to the loss of use of her back legs. I did research at the time and the solutions available at the time were close to $1k and out of my reach. Great job man.
Thank you for being an awesome person.
Oh my gosh I’m crying 😭 thank you for Doing that for animals and parents who can’t afford that care. What a beautiful soul you have ♥️
Wow, that is such a generous offer! Our dog is still mobile, but having more trouble with his back legs over time. I am going to save your post and will look you up if we end up needing your help.
With Best Regards,
Marisol and Heffalump
I'm not crying, you're crying.
username doesn’t check out - or maybe the Devil has a bad PR department. Either way, great work!
I did something like this for my pug when he was around and older. Used pvc and parts from Lowe’s!! This is awesome!!
 I just started crying at work. Haha Thank you for being an amazing person!! That pupper is so happy now!! 💗😁
You’re a good human to give this sweet doggo a second chance at life.
This is the best. <3 Fuck yes!
Very cute!! However are we all ignoring the shadow of the McCaw?
A real life hero, I wish only the best for you. My wishes don’t come true but I’ll try anyway
That's a big ass bird!!
Nice job buddy what a great thing your doing.....👍🏻
That's a very nice thing you are doing!

Veterinarian's of Reddit, how is the dog wagging its tail if it's hind legs are paralyzed?
Amazing!!
Good job man. Content like this is always nice to see when you can give happiness to someone.
Yo, go you dude that's awesome. Thank you for being a positive light in the world. That cute ole floofer boy he or she must be real happy.
This is amazing, you are amazing!
Look at that tail go...one happy pup! Great Job!
Love it
Based on his shadow is that a big ass bird he’s just casually carrying around?
You are a good friend.
damn. my dad paid 200 for their TINY 17 year old chihuahuas wheelchair.

you an angel from heaven
"Be the person your dog thinks you are"

You did an awesome job, you're a great human being Sir!
My neighbor's Corgi unfortunately has been losing control of her back legs over time. I'd love to make one of these for her!
r/Zoomies!
This is the best thing I’ve seen today, thank you
You are a good man, Lucifer.
Judging by the shadow, thats a massive bird youre holding
Can we see the bird?
Username does NOT check out
Those that adopt/keep/help disabled dogs have a special place for them in HEAVEN.
Incoming r/choosingbeggers post, "why can't ya ship? You said it was free".
Fantastic, but it needs a few improvements. Version two needs to have larger wheels, wider wheelbase, and negative canter.
good job.  The only problem I see is the dog is dragging his hind legs on the ground and getting scraped up.  If you look at the commercially built wheelchairs they have a place to hold the feet and keep them injury free.
Legend
I wish I could upvote this more
MY.FUCKING.HEART. 

Thank you thank you thank you for this kindness
r/humansbeingbros
Just a tip for you. Got to be careful of him dragging his feet on the concrete. They’ll get scraped up. Might want to make him some booties or something.
This is really awesome! You should repost to /r/3DPrinting !
You are a good person 😊
God Bless you, Lucifer.
I’m happy you’re in the world.
Shut up and take my upvote for fucks sake. What a contribution!!! Love it!
u/LuciferLOL666 - Do you think this could work or be modified to work for a cat as well? Thank you for being awesome and doing this. We need more people like you.
Omg your are the best kind of human! Such a good friend and animal lover! And to offer free parts for people? Wow you're a saint!
I teared up when I saw all the awarrds' coz Ican't right now afford to give you one, but thank you for showing people, so many of whom, like me, just didnt know or click onto, how easy it is to help others when you get your self out of the way.
this is awesome. all you people buying gold should just set up a little gofundme to help fund this project
You sir/m’am are angel and now I am crying happy tears 😭
Pretty awesome.

I made a wheel chair years ago for my disabled dog out of PVC pipe and a set of training wheels. Worker ok for the most part, for a few years.

I then bought him a wheelchair, and it worked pretty much the same way, but the harness that held him in was way better. The cost was not worth it (I think I paid around $300, and it was used once). 

As this video shows, and what I have learned, you can make something far cheaper and it will work just as well.
Is it safe to use it on stairs?

My elderly dog has lost a lot of strength in his back legs, and while he can still walk with them with some difficulty he's having a very hard time going up and down stairs.  Especially down stairs.  I think something like this could really help him.  Other than being able to use the stairs again, he wouldn't be in pain having to put pressure on his back legs whenever he stand ups/walks.

Not sure if you'll see this amongst probably all the other requests, but it'd be a dream come true if you responded!
Username does not checkout
hail Paemon this is awesome
You are an amazing human being.  One of my dogs passed a few years ago after over a week of being unable to walk because of an unknown condition causing her back legs to give out suddenly at age 15.  The looks she gave us when she would try to get up and ultimately fail and slip made me cry for that whole week.   To give a dog another opportunity at a healthy life(or a more comfortable one) is an amazing thing.   :)
We need more people like you in this world op (:
I wish that this was for people also. My girlfriend is paralyzed from her waist down.
Is no one going to ask about the cameraman having a giant bird in his arm.
Sad to say, but that good boy would of been put down where I live
Way cool!
I love you
I love you kind human!
Omg he’s so happy. Congrats on being a awesome human
You did a great deed my friend. Very kind to bring new life and happiness to a great dog.
This is awesome!!! Good on you!
Eyes sweating hard...
Thank you for doing this - you're an angel!!!
You are a SAINT! Much love sent your way!
If you need help offsetting any of the costs, let me know, I’d love to help!
Hey man, that’s really cool
I keep staring at the dog's hind legs. Maybe give them a platform to rest on so they don't drag all over potentially causing the doggy pain?
Lucifer you are an angel.
Make a deal with the devil...what could go wrong.

But on a real note, very kind of you.
Please contact dog wheelchair organizations out there, they could really use your help. Ex) Gunnar's Wheels is one of my favorite organizations.
Hey internet friend. I didn’t read through all the comments but I will say your best bet is to open source the 3D print file on a file hosting service and add a link to the parts with instructions so you don’t overwhelm yourself! 

On behalf of the doggo, thanks mane.
That's awesome!!  The only thing I would add is a sling for the back paws, just to get them up a little bit.  Thanks for doing this!  Take care.
I love you for this 👍❣️👁️
You're awesome, respect!
You my friend, are doing this life thing correctly.
As a vet assistant this is something I wish I could keep on file for future patients
Maybe something to hold the dogs feet so he’s not dragging them on concrete? Or does he have enough function to place a foot in the proper orientation to avoid injury?
I love you
You are a good person. Tell your parents an internet stranger said you were raised right.

PS. I'm not crying, I'm cutting onions right now.
This post was the most platinum gilded, gold gilded & silver gilded post across all of Reddit on April 17th, 2019!

^(I am a bot for )^[/r/toppostoftheday](/r/toppostoftheday) ^( - Please report suggestions/concerns to the mods.)
You are an amazing human being!
You’re an awesome person
Username does not checkout

You're doing gods work stranger.
u/Luciferlol666 providing free stuff...🤔 username doesnt checkout.
I volunteer with a rescue group here in Toronto. We will take you up on your offer if we get doggos that needs some assist. Thank you kind hooman
u/LuciferLOL666 if there‘s a good place for people when they die, you’re going there bud.
You are such a good person. You are truly someone who is a special kind of person that puts others before themselves. If the world had more people like you, everything would be significantly better. This post has made so many people happy and your message is outstanding. You are a gift to humanity and on behalf of everybody, thank you!
That is a fine act of kindness.
Thank God for you sir.
I don’t have a disabled dog, but if I can ever help pay for one of these bad boys for someone that needs one I’d be down!!!! Look on that pups face is worth every penny and then some!
God bless you!
I know we have never met, but I love you!  Good human
My neighbor has a disabled chihuahua, we don’t speak and I have no desire to be his friend but I admire his devotion he takes that dog out for walk ever night, I know the dog is disabled because he walks it with a harness and his bottom legs up, if you’re willing to send me part a I’ll leave the assembled product on his doorstep
I wish I could upvote this more than once.
Thankyou for being a great person  
u/LuciferLOL666
I like how OPs name is Lucifer and he is helping a doggie. This shows that even the devil is nice to dogs and that you will experience the worst hell has to offer if your mean to dogs 🐕
I've never seen so many awards on a single post.

EDIT:  I did the math to see how much money you'd have to spend on $4 packages of 1,100 coins each to achieve this many awards (at 37 silvers, 45 golds, and 14 platinums at the time) is $188. This post deserves every bit of that too.
Fantastic job! It looks really great :)  Your friend may want to try putting on some booties (like the thin rubber Pawz boots) on the dog's back legs in case they drag a bit. <3
Suggestion from an LVT. That pup probably needs a modification like a sling of some sort to hold his back feet off of the ground. Aside from the dangers of getting them tangled in the supports, the top of his toes will be raw from dragging them along. But great work, you're amazing!
That's so absolutely kind of you. I have tears in my eyes. My parents 12 year old lab was having trouble walking and I researched making him a wheelchair. I found different ideas but couldn't settle on one I thought would hold him up and that I could actually build. I ended up buying him one on Ebay but it didnt work out. He couldn't get the hang of it. He passed away a year and a half ago but I would have loved to talk to you then! 

Thank you for helping other pets and owners in need.
My parents first dog was a wire hair Fox terrier kind of like this one. Lived to be 15 but her last year she was in a wheelchair. It made her life so much better. You're so awesome for doing this!
Has anyone said anything about the massive freaking bird-on-an-arm shadow?
You're fucken awesome!
Do you have a crowdfunding thing, I haven't seen one. Can throw ya a $20 if ya need it for costs. 100% a cause I support, since animals are basically people to me.
Nothings going to stop him now
Sweet Jesus this is the highest amount of gold I've ever seen
Dude what you are doing is beyond epic! The world needs more people like you! If I can make a suggestion so that the dogs legs don’t get stuck in the bottom cross bar of the “chair” and possibly cause more damage is build a basket or something to lift the rear paws off the ground. Keep it up!
You fucking beautiful human
Patent it my dude before a company patents it and nobody can use it
Username doesn't check out
I'm not crying.  You're crying!
I would like to first thank you for creating that for your friend. Also I would like to encourage you to post the STL files and a BOM (Bill of Materials) to a github and share this.
OP, you are the good boy today.
I love you and I don't even know you
This just makes me happy...
You're an incredibly kind and sweet person and you should be told that. 

I'm sure you made that dog and your friends very happy. Plus everyone else, with the directions you've provided.

Thank you for sharing ❤️
You're a good man 👍
The nicest thing I've seen someone do in the last couple years
Op I wouldn't go offering people shit like that, I would do that in a dog forum, people will take advantage of you on Reddit
This makes my heart smile.  <3
Damn the Devil is a nice guy, like a really nice guy. TIL
There is a special place in heaven for you!!! Seriously this is awesome!
You sir deserve the best in life
Please make a place for the back feet so they r not dragging on the ground.
Aww that dog looks so happy!  Well done!
i love you
Recommend you elevate the feet or have some sort of barrier between them and the walking surface. If they drag on concrete, you probably guess what happens next, and it might lead to infection.

Other than that, looks great! Definitely r/HumansBeingBros material.
I tried for months to get my prototype going using HD parts.   What I really needed was 3d print skills.  My boy has passed but I'm taking classes at local CC to learn 3d printing.   

Awesome skills
Omg u r god sent
I just commented on one of the best, if not THE BEST, posts in this subreddit! Amazing!
Keep on keeping on.
You are a wonderful human being
So what did the poor doggo do before this contraption? Surely it didn’t just drag itself around with its front legs?
I would love to know how to build something similar to this for my dog. His back legs just don't work anymore and since he is still very healthy and happy otherwise I refuse to put him down. I just wish he had the ability to get around like he wants.
Reddit collectively spent nearly $340 on this guy's post.
You’re an amazing person and the overall response to this makes me smile so hard my eyes are leaking. Thanks for this, it’s relatively simple but that joy on that dog’s face means the world
Hey, here to echo the suggestion that you put this on Thingiverse. If you have to be the one to print and ship all the parts, fewer people and dogs will have access to them in the end. If the goal is to help as many as possible, then I'd suggest making the files available.
u/elliedotcom
 This is really really awesome! So happy to see the community ready to help animals in need. I created the design that this chair is remixed from three years ago for a friend who also had a dog in need of some wheel support. I've since made many wheelchairs for happy pups! My design currently lives on Thingiverse as an open source project [https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:1397964](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:1397964). I would love for you to take a peek at it there and share some of your comments! Mind you - there is much need for improvement on this design and [/u/LuciferLOL666](https://www.reddit.com/u/LuciferLOL666) seems to have made some much needed adjustments. I'm thrilled to take part in this project. So stay tuned for an update! :)
Thanks so much for posting this. What a lovely dog.

&#x200B;

My little dog was bitten badly and has just come out the vet, after 5 nights. he may need his back leg amputated as it was dislocated from the hip and is still numb(after 2 weeks).
you are a good man, and that is a lucky pup...good luck with your harnessing the kindness of others in this project...cheers!
video taken with a ham sandwich
Not all heroes wear capes..
What about cats?
Where do you find a disabled dog?  

Exactly where you left it.
You are  doing Gods  work .. Thank you for being an awesome  human ..
You go OP! But I feel like that title is setting you up for future posts on r/choosingbeggars lol
God bless you Sir!
(PS, God spelled backwards is?)
Aww a Fox Terrier! I had one growing up
I wish my dog would use his wheelchair we built for him, but for some reason he prefers to just gallop in a way.
You’re so sweet!! ❤️❤️ i loved doggos tail wagging so much.
This is everything ❤️
Dude you're a fucking rockstar
r/humansbeingbros this is just too awesome!
She is so happy.
Dude you're a fucking rockstar
You’re amazing!  Changing doggies lives =]
What a nice fella
Respect man
We need more people like this!
Awww I used to have a dog of this breed when I was a kid! This is wonderful to see.
How happy is that dog! You did an amazing thing. The world needs more people like you.
Very wholesome
I’m not crying, your crying!
r/humansbeeingbros
You are an absolutely amazing person and the world needs more people like you!  Thank you for being you!
Thank you so much Lucifer!
You are an Angel to a lot of Fur Babies ♥️
This is so unbelievably kind. I have a 10-year-old Welsh terrier (very similar breed) and this really hit home for me. I cannot imagine how happy you've made this dog. Thanks for making our world a better place, even by changing one little life!
Don't need parts but I just wanted to let you know you're amazing.
Wired Fox Terriers are the best! I used to have one named Enzo. We named him after the Ferrari because he was such a fast and energetic little guy. I know this poor little pupper probably has the same temperament so it's great to see him moving around so much dispite his disability. You're a good person. Much respect!
This made my night 😭😭
/r/bestof
I wish I could have had one of these for my westie, she had basically lost all use of her back legs by age 8 from an accident she had as a puppy...before I adopted her
You're a hero LuciferLOL666
Thanks Satan
Not all heroes wear capes, some print 3D parts.
Nice work, friend!
Wired hair fox terrier aka the best dog of all time!!! This made me so happy. My sweet girl is 16 and could use one of these soon
I left fb a long time ago. I'm only sure this deserve going back and share. Well done OP!
Oh my god, this is amazing. Makes me miss my wire so much. Such amazing puppers.
You are gift from God! *checks username*
You are a fantastic human being, thank you for being you
one does not simply post free stuff on the internet, BIG RESPECT!!!
<3
This is amazing. Thank you for giving that cutie a chance at a happy life.
Is he/she a Wire Hair Fox Terrier? She looks just like my old gal.
What happened to this Lakeland terrier?

Severe HD?
You are awesome. Thanks for watching out for our furry friends.
You're a good person op.
OP, please set up a go fund me so people can contribute. This is the best thing I’ve seen in a long time. Thank you!
I have an older dog that can't walk around much these days he's a 100 pounds and has arthritis. I wonder if something like this would help.
You sir, are a real life internet hero.
Great job!
omg i'm crying at work. this is so beautiful!
Aww
You are a smart hero!
You should make this into a non-profit (if you haven't already). There are alot of cats and rabbits that could benefit from this as well!
[deleted]
Good job man, that’s awesome.
OP you're good people!
may the universe bless you. fuck ya.
To the front page of the internet!
Omg, you are an angel for doing this. What a sweet little dog, when he picks up the stick my heart melted. <3
You are an amazing person!
This man is my hero. I will share the shit out of this post
Mighty kind thing to do there lucifer ! 

But seriously. Very cool.
Would this be viable if only one of her hind legs locked in place causing her to hop?
Awesome job!  I would like to suggest securing his back legs.  If the doggo has no feeling in back legs he is at a greater risk of injuring them.
Bless you for your selfless acts. The world needs more people like you!
Why isn't this more up voted? No, you're crying.
You are an absolute treasure!
thank you, for caring for this animal and his human. You are wonderful
[deleted]
Sure beats spending $300+ one the ones I bought for my Corgis.  :(
You are awesome! Thank you for sharing this! Happy doggo
I made one out of a folding aluminum walker one time, it was completely adjustable for height and length via the already existing adjustable legs.
Another recommendation: some sort of straps to keep the back feet from dragging.
It might be wise to rig this assistive device so that the dogs hind legs aren’t dragging. It looks like he is paralyzed, but you have to be aware of skin breakdown and thus infection
The dogs feet dragging like that could get it cut and such just as a warning. But either way it looks amazing and well job on your part. Great lad right there.
Larger wheels might help with traversing obstacles like short stairs and also for rolling through the grass, but otherwise its a good design.
Do you have a model with front wheels instead? My dog’s back legs are fine, but his front shoulders and one front leg are sadly becoming major issues.
I can go fast!
My dog would like to say “ Woof woof ruf woof” lick face.  He just wanted to thank you for helping out his homies.
I wish I could upvote this a thousand times.👍 You are a true hero.
Doe that's so cute!
How amazing!!!!!❤️❤️❤️
I had a wired hair fox terrier as a kid and when he got older, his legs gave out and that was ultimately what made my parents decide it was time. (On the same day that our other dog went too. She was much younger but had tumors growing on the back of her tongue and nothing we could do about it.) I wish we could have gotten him some wheels!
If you need any kind of funding for the materials and/or your time I'd gladly donate to a GoFundMe. Thanks for being an amazing human!
This is wholesome
Love it.  Also need more jpeg.  =)
Does the cameraman have a parrot on his arm
Puppy seems so happy. Good feels to you!!
And yet, still recorded the video vertically. Stop vertical video syndrome.
!remindme 1 year
Do the back legs not work at all? You may want to add a strap/platform so the rear legs don't drag across the ground/pavement
holy hell. wow. *wow.*
This is beautiful. I wish I'd seen this several years ago when my mum's gorgeous shepherd cross lost the use of his back legs due to neurological complications from MRSA. We fought for over a year to keep him alive, and though he wouldn't have used it long, he would have put every last ounce of energy he had into wheeling up and down the local field.
Don't think I've seen anyone gilded more.  Well done OP.  You are a good person.
You are a fucking saint and should be granted an immediate pass to what ever dopeass afterlife you subscribe to!
That looks like it would be fun
Ok but can we give the dogs spinning rims
I'm saving this post. My parents German shepherd who is 7 is having really bad hip & ACL issues right now. I helped raise him as a pup & if it gets worse... He's just not ready to go, ya know? I hope he gets better soon but will contact you if anything advances. This is a great thing you're doing here.
I LOVE YOU OP.
HERO
How does it do its duty with the wheelchair?
Are you...holding a cockateel
How durable are the 3D parts, I’m curious?
Checkmate Christians!
You're doing it right
You are a true hero my friend! Makes me smile from ear to ear knowing there are such kind generous ppl  out there!
Thank you for doing this.
OP, you are awesome!!! Job well done. You're a fine human, glad to have you on the planet with me.
Also thinking a platform or net to keep the rear legs from dragging on the ground. Amazing work your doing!
Nice work! Would love to see a pic of that majestic bird you're holding too ;)

Edit: nvm, just had to keep scrolling.
Best post I’ve seen all day
Google...
How can I upvote this post a million more times.
Username does not check out
bringing back faith in humanity;  one wheel at a time.
That's really wonderful.
Amazing effort.  

That aside and I in no way mean for this to diminish a good deed- I believe it needs a *slight* adjustment for the hind legs to prevent them dragging. Otherwise this is so wholesome!
You really changed that doggo's life.
I’m tearing up! That is priceless. You’re a good soul.
Did you have to include the onions? ...damn onions.
Amazing work, thanks for posting!
You, sir, are a hero.
That’s so adorable 💕
Omg i love you
You’re a good person, OP! Thank you for your incredible offer.
Is the guy with the camera holding a bird??
He’s so happy!!
Awwwww! That is such a wonderful gift!
bravo guys !! bravo!
This is amazing! 

OP you're doing the greatest work for the bestest bois!
That is so kind of you. Thank you for doing this for disabled animals. You have a very kind heart. Keep doing good things. You are awesome.
You’re an absolute blessing on earth. Amazing work!
😘😘😘😘😘
This is incredibly heart warming! 

But I also got really sad when I realized why it's tail isn't wagging. Aww... Poor little pup can't show it's excitement.
r/rimjob_steve
Fricking wonderful!! Omg, what an extra cool thing to do!🥇
Many libraries provide public access for 3D printers. I don’t know much about the process, but I bet people could get these made at their local branch of the schematics are shared!
This is wonderful!  I also have directions on how to make both full support and rear support chairs out of PVC and truck straps for the most part.  Dirt cheap compared to commercial chairs if anyone needs them.  The rescues I work with build our own.
Damn dude. The world needs more people like you.
I love this. What a wonderful thing to do for this pup.
I used to have a disabled dog and it absolutely broke my heart on a daily basis to see her limited to her pen. 

I nearly broke down again just seeing how happy you made this dog. You are a good person.
It's not just about giving ability to the disabled but dignity, both for the disabled and those who love them. You've done just that with your efforts, OP, and for that, design tweaks and all, we just cannot commend you highly enough.
True hero OP
Saint
Made my day.
You are amazing. Never let anyone tell you otherwise.
Bless your heart, brother. Mad respect
Can this exact model be upscaled for my wife?
The good
You're good human, thank you
You're a great human being! Thank you for doing this.
Carefully, he’s a hero.
God bless you
This gives me hope for my beagle who was just diagnosed with osteosarcoma (bone cancer). I'm not yet sure what options we will have since it's in both the left scapula and left pelvic bone. I don't even know yet if amputation is an option for this situation.
you should post this to r/3dprinting
You are the hero we need, but not the one we deserve.
This is so great!  Maybe make a little platform for his back feets so they don't "drag" on the ground or get snagged on something?  

Seriously though, this is so so great.  Thank you for making my day.
You, sir, are awesome.
There’s a special place for people like you in heaven.



I’m not religious at all, but god bless you my good sir!!
The world needs more humans like you❤️
I recently adopted a 9 month old german shepherd mix with pretty serious hip dysplasia. He will probably need one of these eventually, so seeing what you've done here gives me hope for him. Thank you.
r/humansbeingbros
Thank you for everything you do.
Great, now it’s gonna crap in my yard
I really admire you and your work. Keep it up my friend :)
You are one of the best human beings in the entire universe. bless your heart!
Man you are a god
r/mademesmile
This is the best. You’re the best.
Look. At. That. Friggen. Tail.
Is his name Snowball??
Omg this is the best thing EVER. Thank you, for being so awesome and making my day ( and others too, I’m sure) ❤️❤️❤️
I know you aren’t gonna see this but I got no gold to give so just wanna say you’re an amazing person
I love you, so great.
You are an incredible human ❤
What kind of bird is it?! I need to know!
Username checks out
I love LUCY
Op in going to see a lot of requests. I pray for that poor 3d printer.
You are a saint!
I have a printer and would like to contribute with 3D printing. Please PM with more info.
I do! My dog Mali would love a set of wheels! Let me know what you need to know!
Thank you , you helped me think there is hope after all
Cute AF... But I first read “for” as “from” and got incredibly concerned
Out here doing the Lord's work lol
Fast and furious ?
r/humansbeingbros much? Dude, you’re amazing!
Omg that beautiful wire!  Wonderful work :)
Thank you u/LuciferLOL666
You are awesome. I’m going through that with my 11  year lab mix now...she has had ACL surgeries on both her hind legs several years ago...she then got arthritis so we went through 3 rounds of PRP treatments to successfully eliminate pain and we are doing rehab now to try to strengthen her legs, but she is really struggling.  I was looking up wheelchairs for her online and they are so expensive. Seeing your post really warmed my heart. You are a very good person and I thank you for sharing this with the Reddit Community.  What do you need from me to get things rolling..literally. :)
serious:

What to do about poo?
Sooo adorable
That's great!!!  The little buddy is so ecstatic
Beautiful, thank you for your kindness
You are awesome!
His tail says it all!  Awesome!!!
This is top ten most thoughtful gestures I’ve ever seen in my ripe 29.75 years of life.
Did anyone notice what looks like to be a big ass bird on his arm in the shadow? Or am I seeing things?

Great work for the doggo though!
great job, but can i suggest some sort of sling to keep the back legs from dragging behind.
Do you have a Go Fund Me or some way we can donate to cover your printing costs?
I grew up with a fox terrier. Not the dog for everything. But a really awesome dog.
You are a good person.
Respect+++++
That little tail wag. Omg my heart.
They actually make those for dogs.
ayy
[removed]
The harness should go under his chest, not around his neck while he’s pulling his own weight. Look at the way sled dogs pull.
This is awesome!! You might think about a sling or guard for his back paws. It seemed like he was dragging one under that bar and he may not even know he’s hurting himself. I love this though!
OP, you are an amazing friend. My dogs mean the world to me and any time someone shows some love towards them it makes me so happy. I wouldn't even know how to thank someone for doing something like this for my dogs.
Great job! Also: bigger wheels will make it easier for the little pup to go all terrain..
So cute! Maybe an additional piece so the puppy isn’t dragging his feet would help as well. (especially on concrete, this can cause really awful burns and infections)
r/humansbeingbros
Absolutely INCREDIBLE.
Dog must think it’s a miracle, it is, a miracle born out of human kindness
You’re a living Saint!
Are you holding a parrot in your other hand?
Username does not check out in this case

This is really awesome though truly.  Keep being an awesome person.
So wonderful and inspiring. You are such a swell person. Bless you.
Damn, the devil is an awesome person!
Cute ❤️
r/usernamedoesntcheckout
You're an awesome person who does awesome things. Allow me to suggest just some kind of support for the back legs, I don't know how bad or good it is to leave them hanging.
He has 16 silver 16 gold and 6 platinum. His name is Luciferlol666. I’m scared
What are you holding in this video besides your phone?
😭😭😭 this is amazing
You beautiful person!
Im so happy to see that tail wagging
11 years ago my family and I rescued this beautiful white German Shepherd puppy from the street... we named her Jessie!

She was a stray, terrified, riddled with parasites, weak and dying.. BUT tough as nails this dog! After a month in the vet, she survived!We kept her and raised her. My parents fell in love with her so naturally she stayed when I went off to college.

About a  year ago my parents started to notice some back end problems. Her back leg function deteriorated rapidly, as did her qualify of life.. The vet said maybe 2 months until she wouldn’t be able to get up off the floor, or relieve herself. 

My parents wanted to put her down, but my girlfriend has a friend who made very similar 3D parts, and made something just like this for Jessie...

Not only did it improve her quality of life, she lived 6 more HAPPY months and passed peacefully at the foot of my parents bed. Where she always was. 

Thank you for doing compassionate things.
Run fast, little soul.
Bro. I love you.
Do you have any information on cat prosthetics? My main man Sven is approaching cat middle-age and I worry when he gets old he will struggle to ambulate with a missing front leg.
That is amazing thing you did for your friend God bless you
You're awesome. Marry me.
Bless you and your selflessness. This is so kind and generous. ❤️
#notallheroeswarecapes
They see me rollin'
I’ll give that dog my legs so he can run around and scare the shit out of everyone. Also I’m pale as fuck, I haunt my house with my whiteness.
That's amazing. I wish we had more people like you in this world.
I don’t have permission for this feels trip
As a disabled dog owner...I am so thankful for people like you! <3
Love how OP’s username is the complete opposite of what he is
this is so cute! props to you dude this is awesome
is the shadow in the beginning holding a ... large parrot?
That’s awesome! The dog looks so happy! 😀
Bless your soul
How sweet! That little pupper is so happy to explore now.
You are an amazing human being.  Thank you for this offer
You deserve a gold medal for helping your friend’s pupper!
Not all heroes wear capes, you are a legendary human. If I had gold, I’d give it to you
How cool!
Awww, look at him! He’s so happy! ❤️❤️

You are a wonderful person to do this and to offer your schematics! Thank you for having a good heart.
now good boi can play :  )
You are the kind of person everyone should strive to be. Thank you.
Username does not check out, you're awesome OP!
I love this so much
You are a wonderful human being.
God Bless!❤️
You're so sweet
You are a special person.  Thanks for doing this.
This whole post is amazing!  Thank you so much for being the person that you are!
Bird shadow!
I'm a vet student and I would so much like to have it, if you're really giving the parts. Also, good job, man. You're a nice dude.
You are a truly amazing person ♡ thank you for doing this
You are doing God's work.  Well done.
Is there a parrot on your arm?
He looks wheely happy
Aww!!!!  That’s wonderful!!  You are amazing!  What a great heart you have!!! ❤️❤️❤️
Love what you’re doing, keep it up!
I wish I could give you gold. You are a great human for doing this
Gold x's a million. Thank you brotha
My heart grew two sizes this day.
You are a great human being.
Brilliant job, and what a great thing to do for that dog and it's family. Great stuff!   👍
Could add holders for his little legs so there not floppin
You’re a beautiful human being, OP <3
This kind of posts make me wanna have Gold just to give to you, you are a beautiful humam being ❤️
Reddit karma is nice but you're definitely getting a bunch of real life karma for this. Thank you!
I don't have a disabled dog, nor do I know one but this is extremely impressive work OP. Well done.
Does anyone know the dogs race? Also great useage of 3D printning!
You're a really splendid person.
Thanks Satan, you da man.
Your so awesome, I wish I can give you plat but all I can do is give an updoot
This is beautiful. I’m tearing up. Thank you for being an amazing human
WOW This is great! Thank you for doing this for poor sweet dogs...it’s awesome seeing him rolling around with that!
Incase anyone wanted to donate money to OP, his printer costs about as much as your average house....
Need some bigger knobby tires for that bad boy
You're an amazing person!
No one is gonna comment about my man carrying a bird in the shadow?!! 

Anyway, nice job OP.
Would the wheels need to be a bit thicker/stronger? Because of the different terrains the doggy will run on.
I love you!!!🌼💟
Bless you, you wonderful kind person.
You have completely won reddit. Thank you for being a good human being.

Might I suggest something to secure the dog's feet/legs? Those feet are bound to get injured with dragging/bumping into things, which can lead to unnoticed wounds, infection, and risk for amputation in the future.
Bro that’s fkn awesome what you did and also for sharing.
You are a fantastic human!!
Do these doggy wheelchair videos ever get old?
If I had it I'd give you platinum. This is great.
That’s so cool, also it’s weird how everyone on Reddit has a 3D printer
Look at him goooooo!
r/humansbeingbros
Don’t give gold. OP, setup a GoFundMe, stat!
This is so awesome! You gave that dog a better life! 💛💛💛
Damn, that grass on the first lawn is A+
Username check out.  Lucifers can be good too :) <3
I've had 1 silver to give for a while, waiting for a post worthy of it. This is the one.
I hope your life is filled with happiness and wealth for everything you do to make this world better for dogs everywhere. Much love to you.
May wanna put some socks on his back paws or something, so he doesn’t scrape them all up. Great job!
I’m a senior in high school, and I’m taking an intro to engineering class. One of my teacher’s friends had a dog (Meatball the pug) that severely needed a wheelchair, so we built one just like this for him. Thinking about posting it to this subreddit...
Why is no one talking about the gigantic bird on the cameramans arm??
You are truly amazing. Thanks for doing this! All the crippled doggies thank you!
I love you. I’m going to be graduating from vet school in a year. Can I get your contact info and form some kind of future partnership with you?
You sir, are a bro.
Widen the wheelbase and install rack-in-pinion steering.....a good weighted collar will lift those back feet, decreasing drag.
We don’t deserve you
This is so wholesome and amazing.
That's real cool! I think if the wheels are wider he'll be less likely to tip over though.
Awesome
Is that a massive parrot on your hand?
Carefully he's a hero
OP, I do not have a disabled dog, but I want to give you some money for this so that you can actually meet demand.  How do I do that?
Bless your soul
Ur probably not gonna see this but god bless you OP, this is simply one of the kindest things I’ve ever seen
Don’t know anyone with a disabled pet, but just wanted to say you are a good person!!
You are a good person. I hope great things happen for you.
OK this is badass.
Look at him!

My only concern is how durable those wheels are. He looks so damn happy that he may go through them in a week.
Your a great human being
Is there audio on this video?
I wish I could be as charitable and caring as OP one day
So proud to have a fellow human so wholesome.
See Satan isnt such a bad dude
I love you
People like you make this world a better place. Cheers
You are my hero. ❤️☺️😊
Username does NOT check out ❤️
Wow, that’s so awesome! For the doggo, and you sharing!!
You have brought good to the world words can’t describe your action God bless man God Bless.
How does it ^poop?
This is so cute❤️
you should make a youtube video.
You are an amazing person
**This** is what 3D printing is all about.
^^^I like you a lot.
There needs to be more people like you in the world. I’m crying
Is that a parrot casting the shadow in the beginning?
You are doing amazing work, keep it up! =)
You should get a Steve Irwin animal empathy award!
Best invention ever! 👏
I love you ❤️. This makes my 💜 so happy. You’re the best !
People like you OP are making world so much better place. Faith in humanity restored on Reddit.
The world needs so many more people like you ❤️
Youre an angel
Fucking A, dude.
Not all hero’s wear capes
Outstanding!!! Bravo!!!
On a different note...is that a macaw shadow at the beginning of the video?
You are a very good person.
Would recommend a plate or an extra bar that covers the back open area so the dog's feet don't go through like this one did near the end of the video.
Carefully, hes a hero
Well done sir!
You is a good hooman OP
You are a good egg.
This man tryin to get on Ellen. Dont let him fool you
Just remember to watch for pressure sores everyone =)
He's not the hero we deserve but the hero we needed
Dogs probably don't have a concept of driving. When you go for trips, you both get in the metal box and each of you have an assigned seat and it just goes places. Magic wheel room takes you to the park or vets or visit friends.
NO SOUND ! ? CRIMINAL
This should become a charity
Mah heart, mah soul. There's a special place in heaven for people like you!
You are an awesome guy OP! Just wanna let you know
aww <3
If there were more truly kind and good people like yourself I'd feel better about the future of our species as a whole. Thank you sir.
 You are amazing! Wow. How generous. I can tell you are a caring and genuine person. Keep up the good work:)
Bless you kind soul.
This. This is humanity. Thank you.  You made my day.
You're so sweet.....
This is amazing!!! Also- weird but a question I have to ask and really hope you answer... are you holding a macaw in this video?
To the dog owner - I love you
Really for any dog
This is awesome. How do you protect the pressure points at the hips? Just be careful of that area because weight bearing areas are prone to skin breakdown/ulceration.
Just look at those little tippy taps!!
This is amazing ❤️
"And after His fall, he cried unto the world 'Let no man ever walk alone, for he is blessed to have a companion and they shall go together, always!' And it was so."
- Book of Lucifer LOL 6:66
So awesome! You’re really helping out with this🙏🏼
Is there any sound in this video?
Are you also holding a late bird on your arm??? If so, you’re a super human.
What an Adorkable little pup
Awesome build and cool parrot! It's huge!
Why not sell this if the demand is so high?
Your amazing man, I appreciate what you are doing for these amazing animals.
I love you man! Thank you for this we needed this!
You are amazing!
That tail waging is priceless.
He looks so happy! Love happy doggo’s!
This is beautiful 😭👏. It's kind of you to offer.
