That’s an insane level of chill
I like all the people that stopped to pet him.
Mother: What do you wanna do when you grow up?

Me: This
The government and people of Istanbul take great care of the stray dogs and cats. They’re regularly rounded up for vaccinations, and tagged so they can stay up to date on their movements and health.
Anyone who hasn't seen it should go watch "Kedi". It is in Turkish with subtitles but it is a very nice chilled docu about the street cats in Instanbul and the people who look after them. Perfect for a lazy weekend afternoon TBH
I'm guessing Istanbul doesn't have a rat problem
He knows where it’s at. He’s living the life.
aren't street cats/dogs treated with like an insane amount of reverence in istanbul? i've never been there so forgive me if i sound ignorant, it's just what i've heard! if it's true, that's pretty awesome =)
I wonder if he tests for spots with maximum amount of pets
Turkey loves its cats. All the hotels we have stayed at, even resorts, have had cats just lazing around. They loved the attention, and the hotels never had one single problem with any of them. Have fond memories of playing with cats when I was very young, this behaviour even went over to the Turkish side of Cyprus. One of my first memories, actually.
Anyone ever notice that those big solid orange cats tend to be friends with everyone. I lived somewhere on a short street. (About 12 houses total) and there was a cat that chilled in the street, on the sidewalk, and at various houses at different times. I always petted Max and he was certainly a good one and well fed. He only came into my apartment once. Spent the night,  then he wanted to go home, which meant of course the street!
Good kitty
That last scratch... "Dammit! I was having a nice dream!"
There is movie about the Cats of Instanbul.  It was a limited release movie.  [Trailer](https://youtu.be/lKq7UqplcL8)
Next level, street cat is in Europe and Asia at the same time.
There was a cat lived in the street
In the country where I live there’s so many stray cats but the vast majority of people genuinely doesn’t care at all about them. When I used to go outside and feed the stray cats in my neighborhood, people would look at me in a very weird way and some of my neighbors hated me because I was “bringing all the cats to the building”.
No one scratches my head when I lie on the street completely naked
Grew up in Izmir. We had at several cats visit us regularly for food, in our neighbourhood they were totally free to roam and people would either feed the cats or leave them alone :) in Turkey you can basically have 5 cats whilst technically owning none
One of our cats used to do this. He would intentionally lay in the middle of the sidewalk so that people had to walk around him or pet him. 

Wouldn't even move for dogs, people who routinely walked their dogs basically knew to walk on the street once they got close to our house. 

He was a very happy cat at all times and loved everyone he met, was never afraid to walk up to a random stranger and rub on their leg for attention.

We ended up having to put down Tigger about 2 years ago now. He had a long and happy 22 years of life though which was more than I could have asked for.
Cat: *(thinking)* Yep, I still got it
Street cat? Riff raff? I don’t by that. If only they’d look closer.
Going Sphinx at 00:04 <3
That sphinx pose
Cat gives impersonation of the Sphinx of Giza.
Yup. That's an Istanbul kitty alright. One of the things that make me love my city is the fact that our kitties are the chillest ones
If you left your cat in Constantinople, you can scratch his ears in Istanbul.
IIRC in Turkey the municipalities take care of the vaccines and vet stuff for the street dogs and cats.

It's awesome. Walking through Bodrum, we had an escort of about 7 to 8 friendly dogs showing us around! :-)
The amount and attitude of cats in Istanbul is just ridiculous. They're everywhere and I love it.
Rule 12: Pet a cat when you encounter one on the street
If you sits, scratch will come......
For some reason all the Muslim business I've ever been to in New York, as well as non-Muslim businesses in Muslim neighborhoods have really nice cats. I don't know why.
From loaf to lion.
I've been in Turkey before, there's cats and dogs everywhere and you can never walk past without petting them ❤
“Just here for the scritches”
That’s not Constantinople
The whole world revolves around it!
Each of those people who pet the kitty.

We now how excited they got internally to pet the kitty.
I love chill cats.

My buddy had a cat that where ever you set that her down at bed time. It would be there in the morning.. coffee table arm rest even put her in the empty bath tub. She would be there waiting in the morning.
I'm actually upset for the amount of people that didn't pet him
I love that so many people stop to give a scratch
What a cute kitty
Every cat in Constantinople
Lives in Istanbul, not Constantinople
So if you're looking for this cat in Constantinople
She'll be waiting in Istanbul
There's no such thing as a street cat in Istanbul. The entire city is their home and everyone owns them.
Rule 12
Rule 12: Pet a Cat When you Encounter One on the Street
I have an istanbul street cat too. She doesnt move and only wants scratches
In Istanbul i saw some fat cats, donno why its their culture to feed them and pet them, regulary saw people take 10 minutes out of there day to play with kittyes, also saw buchers are leaving boxes of bones and meat near trash, and dogs know where good stuf is
That’s no cat. It’s a Flerken.
There is no way I could walk past that guy and not come back with a plate of fish and meat. I'm amazed no one left him offerings. He is clearly the God of Sidewalk Cracks. As long as he is present you can step on ANY crack and NOT break your mothers back.

&#x200B;

SOMEONE GIVE THAT GUY A TUNA!!!
Couldn’t do that here in America. So many people are abusive to cats for no other reason than they think it’s funny. Someone here would have kicked that cat
“Good morning peasants.”
I'm just super impressed by the people not stepping on him... In America it wouldn't be so chill with everyone buried in their phone while walking down the sidewalk
Awwww
the cat that lays in my parking lot where i live just hisses and loses its fucking shit if you get within a 5 foot radius of it, and it insists on laying right on the main path to the building entrance. Wish we had this little fella instead.
Life ain’t too heck.
Needs to get an honest job and quit panhandling for pets like a bum.
[deleted]
Cats must think humans are such weird animals
So cute
The King out amongst his subjects.
Not many Jordan peterson readers in Istanbul
That cat gets more physical affection in a day than I’ve had in months.
That cat should be getting WAY more scritches than that with all those people walking by.  He's very calm and chill though
My University has something similar to this. We have a stray cat policy and cat club. They taken the cats to the vet get them fixed. If they miss any cars they take care of the kittens and get them rehomed. Really young and friendly cats get fostered out. Cats that aren't friendly have people assigned to sit with them to socialize them. There is one cat dubbed by my friends as lap cat because if you sit near him he will climb into your lap and cuddle with you.
As someone lives in Ankara(Turkey's capital). I love street animals but sometimes they cause problem. Cats are good but dogs... If you see a dog gang. Then you might have a problem. They don't attack usually but when they attack it's causing a problem. I hope everyone understands me. 

Also dogs are going everywhere. Our classes our canteens dining halls... (Because students give them food.) But they chase students sometimes. 

Seriously why is there more dogs then cats over here?
My cat doesn't even let me pet it without hissing like a crocodile... wth
Oh to be a cat. To own a cat. To know a cat. This cat is enjoying life.
And that's how diseases spread in Istanbul
"Look at the cats before you going to buy house. If cats are healthy, this neighborhood is good. But If cats are running away from you or looking unhealthy think again..."

Turkish saying
Thank god Peta isn't there. phewww.
That cat's been sitting there since Istanbul was Constantinople. Now it's Istanbul, not Constantinople.
The pet rate for this cat is way too low
I went there recently for business and I was so impressed with all the animals around. You can literally see feeding spots all across Istanbul and everything.

&#x200B;

Was having some dinner with a colleague and noticed a cat going across the restaurant and just jumping to a girl's lap...

She just let him stay there and pet him the whole time. Honestly very impressed, it also looked very well fed and healthy. If it was in my country people would be upset with animals in the restaurant in the first place.
Istanbul was Constantinople;
Now it's Istanbul not Constantinople;
Yeah and when I pet the person sitting on the sidewalk I get yelled at
I wanna visit Istanbul now
Every time I visit Istanbul, my friends take me to the Boğazici university campus, which is a beautiful place clearly run by many cats and several dogs, where many humans worship and offer gifts to their masters, and seldomly also sit by desks, eat böreks and play with their little pencils and laptops
10/10 would pet the cat.
Is there a subreddit for extremely chill animals? Ultra relaxed cats are the best.
I love how every person that pets the cat does so on the head and not down by the tail... clearly cat people lol
Regal cat accepting the homage of his devoted subjects...
I like when he switches to Sphinx mode for when he wants to be worshipped rather than just merely scritched.
That’s no cat that is a Flerkin 

Those people have NO idea.
No way??? They don't move when petted??? I try to pet my cat on the head and all I get are bites and scratches.
I’m suprised Rule No.12 isn’t at the top.
That cat looks like a morris (you probably wont know what im talking About unless you have seen alien.)
Someone should put a few safety cones around the cat, like that other video.
u/outplayed66
Flurkin!!!
it’s Istanbul and not Constantinople
This... This makes me proud of my country.
I saw 6-7 pets max?? That’s it?!
Does he have wares if I have coin?
It's weird how other countries treat things in America I would expect that cat wouldn't make it very long.
WHY WON'T ALL OF THEM PET THE CAT
Imagine if it was a Flurken.

Everyone touching me either gets an eye scratched out or gulped into oblivion via a layer of tentacles.
Random people never come up to me to pet me on my head ☹
"Fucks given = 0"
Lovely & brave kitty sitting without any hesitation.
Street loaf
He looks just like my cat Doppy who passed away yesterday :(
r/JordanPeterson Rule 12
A street cat named desire
Cats are so damn self sufficient that a million people walk by and the only thought they have is "I'm gunna pet this cat" and not "oh my god whose dog is this"
It’s a panhandler asking for head scratches instead of cash.
Has that last guy ever stroked a cat before god damn that looked uncomfortable
This is the most chill boi I’ve ever seen
a petting buffet.
Like the true God he think he is
The cat is just in it for the scritches.
It’s Istanbul not Catstantinople
This is the best thing I’ve ever seen
The guy in the khakis was there for a minute
I becoming the biggest fan of Turkey
The cat’s actually at normal speed. He’s astounded at how fast these people can go.
Adopting the Sphinx position was a straight power move.
This guy is genius.. and he's straight up on that hustle.. he's letting all the petting come to him
“Now it's Istanbul, not Constantinople”
That Sphinx pose BOSS
I want that cat. 😂😂😂❤
i wanna pet it
Iz getz all the petz
Loaf mode -> Sphinx mode
Feel happy see this video
I love the people that stop to pet it
The cat must be thinking "come on guys, you are getting free pats, give me a treat!"
He attac

He protec

He accep the pet
"I have lived with several Zen masters, all of them cats."

- Eckhart Tolle
Amazing how many people stopped to pet that chill chunk!
Hope it finds a home
Just Bast soaking up some worship.
Rule 12: Pet a cat when you encounter one on the street.
It's like the little guy owns the street and the people know it.
Rule 12 Pet a cat when you encounter one on the street
I don’t understand why if I did this nobody would pet me. I just wanna be loved!!!
Istanbul was Constantinople
Rule 12
They fucking love their cats in Istanbul. Often if you sit down at a cafe a cat will greet you before a human
Well of course, need that cat luck stat bonus.
It's collecting tributes from meagre peasants :)
A little sphinx lord getting his rightfully earned admiration.
And here we are in America just killing everything.
i wish my city was this nice to stray cats. theres someone in my neighborhood that intentionally runs over stray cats with his truck, he’s never been arrested for it
Adorable!! I am glad turkey look after their cats
welcome to istanbul
I won't be surprised if this cat gets adopted soon.
Paying the cat tax
We all need a cat like this during our daily routine ... pets give such joy
Kedi
Please more people do this.
Collecting love
this cat gives zero fucks
Not Constantinople.
Not Catstantinople?
i wanna cuddle with this cutie 💕
Awwwww I miss Istanbul !
This cat is having a good life
Watched for a solid 2 minutes before realizing this was an 8 second loop.
I can’t even stay still in bed
I wish I had a cat as calm as this cat.
Sitting like royalty
He's the king of the world!
All the people that didn't give scritches are bad.
They live their cats in Istanbul. I highly recommend the film Kedi, which follows around four cats in Istanbul.
If you happen to visit Istanbul, most probably you will land to the new airport. 

It's the biggest one in the world at the moment. See here for more info:

[https://youtu.be/iHik2-Tcx4s](https://youtu.be/iHik2-Tcx4s)
Istanbul not Catstantinople
Every single person went for the top of the head. Not one person went for the hind-quarters, chest, or under the chin. Poor kitty was just waiting for silly humans to get it right!

&#x200B;

Also just noticed it didn't eat or drink all day!
Why hasn’t anyone given him a treat?
“Do they still worship us, child?”
The people who stop to pet him are superior
Are cats a Turkish thing or an Istanbul thing?
I like how half way through thr cat is just like: Sphinx Mode *activate*
Not Constantinople
It can't stand in opal.
awwwwwww
Ohhh I'd be petting that cat for sure!! It would probably make me miss my train... can I take you home?!
cat heaven?
very cute, i approve
Street camera in Istanbul
How do you get a cat to sit still for so long? Asking for a friend
How bout a snack???? Do you pet the beggars too???
This cat is living its best life. Free pets for days
😍😍
I wanna be an Istanbul street cat in my next life
Panhandling for pets
Mother flerken!
You know i see now why cats have a god complex. Imagine being able to sit anywhere and have people adore you. This cat is chill because he knows he runs things.
cat be like: if i have a dollar for every touch, i'll be a millionaire..
/u/vredditdownloader
I love this
Riff raff
Street cat
I don't 
Buy that!
Reminds me of Seymour unfortunately :'(
I wish there was a street cat tree.  Eye level kitties would get so many more pats.
scritchies
So many people walk past him without giving him change. Society has become very bad
Riffraff, street cat
I don't buy that
If only they'd pet my head
Would they see a poor kit? No, siree
They'd find out
There's so much more to me
Pet the damn c.... oh...
Fucking cat, ikagine if he had a cup for coins next to him. That basterd would be rich.
The very first guy ( the guy on the screen before the vid actually plays) looks like the villain from the Smurf’s
Hoomans
Sitting like the Sphinx 😻
Sphinx cat
r/petthedamnkitty
Jurassic Meow
My cat would be flipping out. Loves people in our apt but once hes outside our walls he loses it
looks exactly like lemonade stand the old coolmath game
Hey I know this cat :D
He followed me so many times like a cool witch companion !!
"Yeah, yeah, do all the timelapsin' you like, I'mma stay right here anyway"
Very smart cat...knows where to sit when he wants some scritches!
Cat looks like the Sphinx in some poses.
Emperor of Catstantinople allows the peasants the pleasure of his Royal Coat. 


There fixed your title.
Cue King of the Hill intro
Everyone is its mommy and daddy!
Every cat I try to pet scratches me ☹️
just heard the song in my head he whole gif.
/r/catsdoingnothing
that sphinx stretch tho

ctrl-F: sphinx

6, not bad reddit hive mind
Photo evidence of reincarnation...if you were a cat, unconscious desire to stop and give a little scritch on the head. ♡
***Sphinx position activated!!!***
Spot the awesome: There are four awesome humans in this gif. Can you spot them?
Pet the catto
I'm from Turkey and can confirm there are a lot of cats
I'd never make it to school
Love how everyone who pets him goes to scruffle his head
Like a bawws!
Street /r/catloaf doing a nice /r/curledfeetsies
/u/VredditDownloader

https://i.imgur.com/tHaA4Ce.gifv
Some deserved scritches
Hes so chill! I love it!
I tried lying like this on the road. The max attention i got was a 50 cent coin.
Scritch the street cat for good luck!
I’m sad more people didn’t stop to pet
Dam no one feeds it thats tuff
Free scritches
It’s probably how kitty is laying but his arms look buff af
I fed the ferrals where I lived for five years and they never let me get within ten feed of them.
r/BetterEveryLoop
Not nearly enough scritches
Istanbul of course
hoomans pay respects
There is a really good [doc about cats in Istanbul](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lKq7UqplcL8) That I would recommend if you have not yet seen it
So many head scritches
r/bettereveryloop
Wonder why only left handed people wanted to pet him
He should have a tip cup
Good kitty
Catstantinople
I wish people did that to me whenever I felt depressed. I'm not a cat, but I wouldn't mind getting my head scratch just to get that physical contact from people. That would make me happy.
Istanchill!
Uh no that’s Constantinople
I love how people stop to give him/her scritches.
Istanbul cats are awesome. Shop owners and the cats have a unwritten agreement lol
Don’t you mean Constantinople
I want to know the dude with the cigarette’s backstory.
He’s only there for the scritches
This cat won’t even move out of the way in the “hallway” of the city Hahahha
If you add a little hat or bucket for change this cat would be rolling in dough
There's a great documentary on Istanbul cats called Kedi, definitely worth a watch
I love how people just walk by and pet the little homie.
If I were there this video would be retitled "Foreigner annoys street cat in Istanbul until it leaves."
[Cats are a bit more friendly in Marmaris, Turkey](https://i.imgur.com/QOxqm3X.jpg)
People in Istanbul are *fast.*
street cat
So many scratches, so little snacks.
That cat is fucking awesome
That is one cool cat.
My favorite is when he puts his paws out
Kedi
Here's what I'm wondering ..

Why is it in the U.S. wild cats are feral and we worry about disease but in Instanbul they seem super chill, friendly and everyone is petting them without worrying about disease?
How safe and affordable is it to live Istanbul
Cats are everywhere there, and they’re all fat!
Well yeah, it’s Istanbul after all.
it’s beyond the CHILL😂
Your friendly neighborhood cat
Is that Garfield ?
u/VredditDownloader
How did you hide the camera?
I want to go back to Constantinople
kitty be like : I,ve trained those hoomans well
that is one cool cat
Cat: First off, I'm not homeless. I got this sweet hole in a wall all to myself. Second, I'm not feral. I'm simply intelligent enough to know better than to let one of these... humans as they call themselves take me home. Why settle for the affection of one when the entire population will toss me bits of food and give me pets?
Bless all the people who stopped to give pats
Last time I was in Istanbul there was a doggie that did the same thing! What is it with animals being insanely chill over there??
>some times it's good to go out and see your subjects.
Street cats in Istanbul are on a whole bother level. Nice to see people caring for them, and leaving food/water out. It’s like a part of the city in a way.
Super chill
Imagine a world inhabited by giants who either pet, feed or ignore you.
Chill level over 9000
Istanbul has an interesting juxtaposition because they have hot bitches walking around in yoga pants and not so hot bitches walking around in blankets covering their heads.
I want to scritchy scratch that kitty so bad!
This pretty much clears up who actually runs the world.
Wait this video was only 8 seconds long? I was happy to see scritches for a minute straight. Wondered why that girl kept coming back.
How is no one tryna take it to the shelter and the  to adopt it. Is it weird that I would do that? Obviously see if its chipped and ask if it's not someones pet first.
All the head scritches
Meow
He doesn't move to eat or go to the bathroom for so long... 😟
Humans are so annoying lol
*constantinople
Everybody that petted the cat is officially my friend.
'*A man shows up near the cat at night*'

"Damn Garfield you were right"
It’s a long time gone from Constantinople
So effing cute
Was in Istanbul last week. If you knew how the cats were taken care of...and dogs...you would not believe. I have so many examples, it was astonishing
He lives for the  *s c r i t c h e s*
He gets all the pets
Not Constantinople!
These cats are everywhere in Istanbul
do people walk faster there or is it just me?!!
There are a lot of strays in Turkey, we saw when we got there. They are strays but cared for by the town's. Cats and dogs. They have recycling bins that will release food in exchange for bottles/cans. We saw some smaller town's that took leftover bread into it's own bin and was fed to the animals
People are in such a hurry in Istanbul!
Istanbul must be cats favorite place to live. I've seen people from Turkey treats cats very differently.
pharmaceutical companies hates him
is this the evil guy from the smurfs and his cat?
Might actually be safer than being found in a random cornor and captured by someone/something. People will probably step into its defense. Just gotta watch out for dogs.
That head is basically a germ garden pollenated by everyone that touches it
Cats are highly respected in Islam
I wonder, if I laid down on a busy sidewalk, if I would get pets like that🤔
The cats in turkey are everywhere and they are always  so chill. I’m gonna be going this summer and I can’t wait to find some more beauties
*scritches*
That cat is like, "all I have to do is lay here and I get pets? ... Nice."
Free scritches
Rather pissed by the people. Why not mind their business and let me chill.
Cool cat 🐈
I want his job
Incredible skills of laziness
My cat would be hiding under a tire hissing
Bob? Is that you
He doesn’t look particularly happy to be petted. His face seems to me to be telling people he just wants a cat nap. Lol
do the people who didn't stop to pet the kitty deserve rights? be honest
^not ^Constantinople
shes like a homeless dude, except we don't pet homeless people
Proof that cats rule the world.
My cat just wait in the middle of the room. Good luck ignoring him
The kind of life I probably don´t deserve but still want lol
The cat be like STOP touching my damn head
The cat is such a perfect symbol of beauty and superiority that it seems scarcely possible for any true aesthete and civilised cynic to do other than worship it.

We call ourselves a dog’s “master”—but who ever dared to call himself the “master” of a cat? We own a dog—he is with us as a slave and inferior because we wish him to be.

But we entertain a cat—he adorns our hearth as a guest, fellow-lodger, and equal because he wishes to be there.
DeFeNcElEsS CaT GeTs PoKeD WiTh HuMaN StIcKs
ITs a very stable cat for a cat in instabul
I sits, you scritch
Says a lot about the people there too! 👍🏼
When does it get to eat though?
Many head scritches indeed
Turkish women ensure their men are always over fed ive heard, if that’s the culture then even nature is copying them.
How could so many people go past without giving a stroke or even just one little boop
You can the difference between they way men and women pet. Lol.
Leave him alone!
This is what I wanna be when I grow up
Last pet was a little agressive
That cat went a long time without having to pee.
Reminds me of that one cat in front of the escalator.

edit : http://imgur.com/Ojbose1
Even Istanbul was once Constantinople
I think you mean Constantinople
The cat is like “Hmm.. This pose doesn’t attract people, time to change one!”
“I’ll just sit in dis here spot of petting.”
This my hou’
He’s just waiting on Ziraat
One calm cat.
One cat to rule them all!
He's/She's like a street beggar, instead is asking for a pet in the head.
I was really amazed to see how Turkish people treat cats when I was on holiday there. Cats also seem to warm up to all humans there as well.

The hotel I was staying in will collect all unfinished food from its restaurants instead of binning it so they can feed the cats.

The cats effectively have an all-inclusive lifestyle and if I was a cat I’d much rather live in Turkey than anywhere else.
I want the cat to cuddle all day!!!!! 
;(
And almost everyone notices
He likes the boops and skritches
Cats do really well in Istanbul, There's a wonderful documentary called [Kedi](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lKq7UqplcL8) that follows 7 cats in the city.
All the head scratches!
Everyone that pet the kitty had a great day that day
u/spitsoutcereal
I love the multiple pets from random strangers
i am surprised that more people aren't loving a fluffy cat
Took me a while to notice its a loop...
I don't know, looks more like Constantinople to me, but I haven't visited in a while.
Istanbul was Catstantinople
Poor kitty, I wonder who feeds him/her. Notice no one gave him/her any food - even a little bite of something they were eating. That's a busy sidewalk, several people had to be eating something.
Just as a coincidence, I'm getting dressed to go pick up a kitten I'm adopting today.  (Second in a month). Everyone needs a pet. Please go adopt. Lots of sweet animals available!!
Seems like a good life!!
My little man is scared to leave the apartment since I adopted him from Kitty Jail (the pound/shelter). 😢 

I wish he were more adventuresome an he seems to want more out of life but one time I took him for a walkabout in the neighborhood (NYC city street) and he was VERY distraught (go figure) and when we got home he was panic-panting which is a terrible sign of stress and I felt HORRIBLE for traumatizing my little man. 

Strangely enough, when we adopted him he was like “Kitty carrier? No problem. NYC subway? No problem. Carrier bumping down street? No problem.”

He’s not a dumb cat. He was raised with excellent manners and he doesn’t knock things over for fun (!!!!!) so I think he just doesn’t ever want to be homeless again.
How can all those people walk by without petting it?
Good kitty😊😊
This reminds me of the movie Kedi about cats in Turkey, well worth a watch if you're a cat lover!
I didn't know when to stop watching...
Not Constantinople
Istanbul's where cats sit in hope, still now Istanbul's where cats sit in hope, been a long time now, cats sit in hope. Why do cats sit in hope in the street? That's only because they want the peeeeets.
Because fluff you, fluff all your problems, I will stay sitting in the path without giving any fluffs about your life
Someone pet me, I’m new to rEddiT
Cat: pet me you peasants
Seeing the people stop and stroke the cat is heart warming
[deleted]
not constantinople?
Please tell me there is a live feed
This makes me really happy
It makes me so happy that nobody tripped, scared, or harmed this kitty in any way.  As I watched the first round through I got more and more tense until the video ended and I was relieved.
At least street cat gets a lot of pets/pats.
Stress cat or stray? 🤔
He loves it
You must pay your dues of one scratch on the head before continuing
Constantine THe cat
Shame to the people that just passed him
I thought the title said Sweet cat in Istanbul at first.
Istanbul was Constantinople
Now it's Istanbul, not Constantinople
Been a long time gone, Oh Constantinople
Now it's Turkish delight on a moonlit night
Every gal in Constantinople
Lives in Istanbul, not Constantinople
So if you've a date in Constantinople
She'll be waiting in Istanbul
Even old New York was once New Amsterdam
Why they changed it I can't say
People just liked it better that way
So, Take me back to Constantinople
No, you can't go back to Constantinople
Been a long time gone, Oh Constantinople
Why did Constantinople get the works?
That's nobody's business but the Turks
Istanbul
Istanbul
Istanbul
Istanbul
Even old New York was once New Amsterdam
Why they changed it I can't say
People just liked it better that way
Istanbul was Constantinople
Now it's Istanbul, not Constantinople
Been a long time gone, Oh Constantinople
Why did Constantinople get the works?
That's nobody's business but the Turks
So, Take me back to Constantinople
No, you can't go back to Constantinople
Been a long time gone, Oh Constantinople
Why did Constantinople get the works?
That's nobody's business but the Turks
Imagine how pleasant it must feel from the cat's perspective! All the big scary people in the world walking by and anyone who encounters you showers you with affection and love. It must be strange but delightful! I bet it feels on top of the world :)
Sphinx
Looks like a purrrrrfect life to me 🐈
aww yiss
r/stuppeduu 
det vi snakkede om på stationen
Love the kind of people who stop to pet a street cat
I didn’t know Istanbul would be that nice. Heck, I’m from turkey!
This cat has many slaves.
This cat gets treated better than me
He gets lots of cuddles
Gosh this most be so therapeutic for the people getting to pet such a lovely cat! What a calm soul, I’m so glad Istanbul takes such good care of strays :)
Moving to Turkey
God has a face now
*stupid leather bags, stop breaking my dreaming
I hope to be this relaxed one day
Livin for tha scritches
Even istanbul was Constantinople.
WHY CANT ALL CATS BE THIS AWESOME?!
Man, the amount of pets cats can get by just existing is ridiculous
I rule these sidewalks...praise me peasants
Why did Catstantinople get the works... That's nobody's business but the Turks.
Know that I think about it. Sorts is. dude probably had a cat like that growing up.
Istanbul was Constantinople

Now it's Istanbul not Constantinople

Been a long time gone, oh Constantinople

Why did Constantinople get the works?

That's no one's business but the Turks.
I lost my cat in Constantinople and now I see she's living it up in Istanbul!
Hes just chillin
CATstantinople?
Cats there rule the city, defo been there before !
WAIT I KNOW THIS CAT
Not Constantinople.
JP: Pet a cat when you encounter one.
Too few people pet the cat.
Awesome! :)

Respect to  Istanbul!
Istanbul, Not Constantinople
Street Cat gives no fucks.
So many people petting it, I love cats except I’m allergic to them, so I can never go near them :(
The cat is getting a very nice massage
I don't know when it starts or ends, so I watched this for like 5 min straight
Good guy Istanbul
It's the america for cats.
Soooooo cute!
Ziraat bank, lol
He’s living the life
Wasnt there a documentary on cats in Istanbul on youtube. I watched before, it was quite entertaining also i love how the people treated stray cats.
Wow what a lazy cat
You guys wanna talk about the conquest and fall of Constantinople to the Ottoman empire in 1453?
Aawww poor beautiful kitty
Should have crossed the paws for 10x pets.
It's great to see a cat so confident and comfortable in public.  That sphinx pose was majestic af.
"Spare pets?...(pat pat) ....thanking ya"
Now that cat is living his best life...
This cat knows it's living it's best life!
I would always stop and pet any cat that would let me
Here we see rule #12 followed well by a few.
TIL it takes 4 scritches to turn a cat into a sphinx.
Boy having the time of his life
I love cats
This post should be shared in r/jordanpeterson too.
Turkey is a Nice place. Dont let Erdogan lead you into anything dumb. You turks are great just like that.
Rule 12
This cat knows exactly what it's doing, and that is getting free lubbins from passers by.
My annoying ass would’ve sat down and played with him for an hour lol
That cat knows what it's doing
Probably the only ginger in Istanbul
This is adorable!

I like that people don't care that it's a stray/feral and just pet it.
Instanbul was once Constantinople
Cat takes the Sphinx pose perfectly midway
Instanbul was Constantinople
10/10 would pet.
The people who stopped to pet the cat are probably good people
I'm finna lay on the sidewalk as well.  Maybe I can get a few head scratchys too!
There is an entire movie about the street cats in Istanbul, Kedi.
Check it out!

https://www.kedifilm.com/

https://www.imdb.com/title/tt4420704/

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kedi_(2016_film)
I'd just sit down with some tuna and give pets!!!!!!!
Hey that's a cat
yeah we’ve got a lot of strays in istanbul and i’ve almost never seen one that isn’t clean and regularly fed. a lot of people i know even carry around bags of cat food just in case (including myself).  they’re all usually really chill and love a good petting
Khajit have wares if you have the coin
Awwe, if I was there I'd pet that cute furbaby! 💛
All the scritches
I see a lot of people paying the cat tax, which seems to make for a happy kitty.
The thumbnail looks like an irl version of the Smurfs
Even olde New York, was once New Amsterdam . . .
Why they changed it, I can't say! ~🎶
This reminds me of egg
Living the life
That cat is high on chill pills.

Or weed.

Depends what day this was taken
I love how he goes all sphinx like.
Well...looks like I'm not the only one enjoying 4/20/19 the canon way.
How long did he stay there?
Muslim countries have opposite views to the west on dogs while cats are venerated
Just happened to be listening to [No Sleep Til Brooklyn](https://youtu.be/07Y0cy-nvAg) and it this would make a good video for that song.
Wow! I hope they do not suffer the street urchin kind of bullying.
ALL THE PETS
It evolved into a sphinx!
I'm a street cat where you at? 
Your hunting I'm staying fat!
Least I do the I more purr, pet me to hard I leave fur. Feed me leave me here. Go to work, I just don't care, Meow gang!
Pet the street cat
pet the street kitty for good luck
We shall call him Ziraat
I hope it has food :O
Pretty much
Own it boy!
I think the cats there for the pats
It’s a street cat, yet it’s not feral? What kinda
And so many people needed those kitty head scritches that day!
What a good kitty. I love how he feels confident enough to close his eyes with people walking all around him. Such a cutie.
That cat stayed in that spot for 15 days.
This post was the most upvoted post across all of Reddit on April 20th, 2019!

^(I am a bot for )^[/r/toppostoftheday](/r/toppostoftheday) ^( - Please report suggestions/concerns to the mods.)
Reminds me of the cat that day at the bottom of the escalators making everyone step around it.
Such a cool cat, lol. Is that what that came from because of their level of chill? He handles crowds and affection a helluva lot better than I do. I'm so glad to see that he's getting pets from so many and no one is mean to him.
It’s just a cat
Who in their right mind would not pet him?
WORSHIP ME HUMANS
I wholly support street cat
Welp, they just need to rename the country Catstanbul for all I know. And the premier/president/prime minister needs to be a cat.
u/laurenknj
That one dude near the end almost got a righteous paw to the ankles.  Didn't seem to like that pet much
a lazy boi
Wait, that looks like constantinople, not istanbul.
Awe
#Praise be to the newest Champion of Reddit, u/drunken_raccoon!

[Let us not forget the Champions of yore...](https://www.reddit.com/r/ChampionsOfReddit/)
Petstop
Getting all the pets
Proof that cats can fuck off in any location. Although this isn't a scenic one per the norm. Maybe they do it just to have people look at 'em. Y'know, as opposed to a throne like object that cats are naturally drawn to.
Wasn’t there but I’d scratch his head too. : )
Rule 12.
Well, that's one way to spread viruses.
😻
Someone knows how to get attention.
Turkish black tar heroin really chills you out.
I don't want to be THAT GUY, but do you really want to touch some random street cat?
Of course it's an orange tabby; my favorite kind of cat!
he deserves all the love
Is that Constantinople?
Riff raff, street cat, I don't buy that
Trtrtrtr as bayrakları
He does the Egyptian lying cat pose thing!!
The Cat has a bigger social life than me....
So good to know!! A lot of us try here in the USA. We have lots of feral cats in my neighborhood. I've been feeding a feral cat 2x a day for 2 years. He/she seems to know when I feed my house cats. 😻. I put up a shelter in the winter for him/her. Won't eat me get within 5 feet, never petted, don't know if he or she.  Seems that he/she  may have been spayed since never had a litter.  
Looks like ur cats are much friendlier. 
Bless you and your country men for taking care of your animals.
👍🏼
In my beautiful country at least one person would've kicked him out
Not Constantinople?
I feel like I've seen something about Istanbul and animals recently and just how amazingly well the people there take care of the street animals. Pretty sure it was Istanbul, maybe not. If not these Istanbulites are wonderful people.
How long did this take to film?
Glad to know the guys get so much attention
Istanbul? That's not how you spell CONSTANTINOPLE.
This video has been posted months ago.
This video has been posted months ago.
This video has been posted months ago.
This video has been posted months ago.
if you pet a cat in Constantinople it'll be purring in Istanbul
Someone give that kitty some Temptations treats!
Helo hooman. I catloaf. Now I Sphinx.
That cats not in Constantinople?
Istanbul or Constantinople?
I now have a goal for my next life!
That's clearly Catstantinople.
what did istanbul used to be called?
That's not how you spell Constantinople
