Some folks have all the luck. Baby fox is super cute.
All grandma needs now is a neighbor with a bloodhound puppy and we have the makings of a great movie.
He looks like he has little booties on.
This is just stupid cute
Look at its little blep ❤❤ too cute
Where’s his mama???
if you're the same person who has a family of them under the shed this is a sure sign you're doomed. The slippery slope to crazy fox person looks steep with cuties like this!
Anyone?  Really?  Ok then, i will do it.

Firefox has encountered a Windows error.
I want to snuggle the biting wild dog.
That is the most adorable thing I've seen all day. It's not a high bar, but still. 

Now I want a fox kit.
I posted an update but I dont know how to link it so... it's on my profile, you can find it there
Blep!
I am having a brain meltdown
needs a little pair of overalls
That’s the cutest fox I’ve ever seen
That baby blep. How sweet
He wants snacks
Honestly I'm glad this has never happened to me, because I guarantee you I would attempt to pet it and love it forever and probably end up getting bit.
Firefox has encountered a problem with Windows.
Look at that little tongue! Arghhh
I WANT ONE!!!!!
OMG. And he derped you!
Tod! He's so adorable.
😛
You better throw a Master Ball at that thing before it gets away quickly
Baby fox doo doo doo doo doo doo
Baby fox, do do do doo doo do do
He even offered the blep of peace. Adorable
Title should have been *heckin smol forest pupper does a blep*
Shut it down. The internet I mean. This will never be topped.
Looks like he showed up to say "neener neener" to me...
I want that fox.
The snozberries taste like snozberries!
Omg this could not be more adorable. Such a cutie faceee
Letting out an audible squueee!!?? As a 30yr old man can sometimes be awkward.

No regerts.
I bet its not his first time showing up at someone's door. Look at the blep little guy is obviously experienced
He do a mlem
I love this friend
I would’ve thought it was a puppy and brought it in lmao
Its melming <3
But what did the fox say?
Oh Granny, what big teeth you've got!
Take em and run
Imma eat your chikins!!!  Blep :p
Weird cat, but okay.
I was walking to my fishing hole today. When I came across two beautiful red foxes. They didn't see me so I whistled.  The bigger one turned and made this barking noise while taking one step towards me, then darting off deeper into the woods. Had my adrenaline pumping a little. That noise and maneuver caught me off guard.
Is he doing a mlem or a blep?
This is hands down the cutest pup of all pups in pup country
Showed up to drop off some SASS
Come my brethren, we will seize this new home as our kingdom!
Hello neighbor .. so if there were some chickens say .. running around.. you'd know where they are right? WHERE ARE THE CHICKENS?
Aww! So cute!!! Your grandma is very lucky.
This is the cutest fucking thing ive ever seen
That is the cutest Fucking thing I've ever seen in my life
Hi nugget!
How the fuck does everyone on reddit have baby foxes around except for me? Also he’s so friggin cute I could just pet him forever.
Let him in let him in
*takes one step closer* fox: *suddenly bares razor sharp teeth and breaks glass*
Welp, that’s cute as hell. Little Corgi fox
Mlem
Cute and furry
Probably stopped by for a nice hot dog
That tongue tho
That window licker might not have what it takes to survive... too bad they make awful pets.
C U T E
And that's the Killian experience
mlem
Doesn't look so Big *or* Bad, to be fair.
No it’s possible that it was baiting the woman to go outside to get eaten by mature foxes
is your grandmother a retired disney princess by any chance?
Todd!
That is an adorable blep
Well.... are you gonna let him in or what?!?
this dude is cuter than my wallet's money
Let the precious baby in :) kidding of course (although I want to boop his little nose)
That’s a powerful blep
Let him in and raise him as your own
M L E M
Aaaaaaahhhhh
He is super cute!

I hope you said hi back.
cute doggy
awww
Aww
Ahh! I freaking love it! 😍
It doesn’t want anything, it’s just a windowlicker.
So... what DOES the fox say?
Mlemmm
I accidentally read that as "a grandmother shows up for sex"
you can practically hear the *\*mlem\**
What a cute little Rabies. Awww ❤️
That fox is too perfectly cute. This must be straight out of a cartoon. What sorcery is this.
So I assume you know the saying... where there is a baby there is a mama.... 

If you don’t see a mama soon you might need to call in some help to raise some babies.
Isnt this the same fox https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/bh3ynf/update_the_baby_fox_at_my_grandmothers_house_has/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
ow cute!!!
Complete with a wild blep! The cuteness is making me cry!!
Don’t do it granny, it’s a trap! 
He’s after lil’ red! 🙀
This is how Fox and the Hound started.
Baby fox do do dodo dodo
Omg omg omg this is so adorable
If fairy tales have taught me anything,  that fox was there to murder your grandma and steal her identity. You foiled the plan by getting there early Red Riding Hood.
I love that foxes' first instinct upon coming across a window is "An invisible force field! *...I must taste it.*"
https://i.imgur.com/ROA9uoB.jpg

Here’s a photo I took yesterday of the fox babies in our backyard! There are 9 of them :)
Cutest thing ever
Thanks for sharing.  It's insanely adorable.  I'm saving it to my desktop when I want the "warm fuzzies".
m'lem
I just showed this to my daughter and it utterly broke her with cuteness.
Good fox
Scientists, please tame the foxes so i can have one as a pet!
omg so fucking CUTE
i really need to boop that snout
Let it in you fucking waffle iron.
Oh now here it looks totally different from the other demonic pic
🎵Baby fox, derp derp derp a derp baby fox
What did he say??
Blem
Well, what did he say?
What does the fox say?
I just got really stoned and this was the first post on my feed. Not mad. It have saved me.
I woulda kept it. All I've ever wanted was a pet fox.
Tod looking for Copper. I just learned Kurt Russel played as Copper. The bad guy from Gaurdians of the Galaxy Vol.2.
Blep!
,
Did she take him and name him Tod?
wow are you kidding me this is the CUTEST EVER
Prescious😘😘😘😘😘🥰😍🥰🤗🥰😍🥰🥰😍
Oh Todd, you rascal!
He just wants some of your grandmas cookin'
wheres the video of it saying "hi"
Such a cutie!
Cute
THE FOX IS DOING A BLEP WHAT A RARE BOY
window cleaning service?

r/FoxesWithJobs
blep
Let him in
Ah, this little one has learned the "I give cute face, human give noms and treats" act very well.
...BUT DID YOU SAY HI BACK?!?!?!
He looks like he stepped in paint oh my heart
I know you are not suppose to but I would so feed it some chicken.
I saw 5 little baby foxes on my way home from work today that looked just like this lil’ guy! I don’t see them often/ever and can’t get over how cute they are
This belongs in r/melm...
I want it.
Smol bleep
Aww
Well HIIIIII 😘
r/blep
Why do things like this never happen me 😩
Wait, that's my kit.
Awww I would be so tempted to keep it.
Blep
That can't even be real.  I refuse to believe something this cute exists.
Thank you. This is great eyebleach
ITS SO CUTE. I CANT EVEN
the baby fox is soooooo cute!
It’s probably thinking hello hu man do you have any food
I would feed him, love him and give him anything he needs just so he swings by everyday to say hi!
How could such a cute thing exist?????
Oh no it’s a Screamer!

An Automomous Flying Sword!
PRECIOUS
Bring him inside, bring him inside now!
Can someone give me reasons to not take him in instantly
So damn cute....
This is so cute i went audibly went “awwwwwwweeee”
AAAAAAAAAAA
Woff owffdff  !
What ya waiting for ? It's asking for foster care 🤣
I remember Ronron 😩!
hi little fox :3
I want one 😫
Awwww wow. So cute.
Needs a howdy hat.
We'll see how the prequel goes.
Cute!
All i get is lizards....
Look at his boots!!!
How the cuss is it so cute?
That is the cutest thing I’ve seen all week!
He wants to show you some car fax
Poor Lil Red Riding Hood gon get ate .
Blep
Hihi what a cutie.
Wow..if I saw that on my doorstep, I don't think I could let him go back into the wild..

 The little guy is lucky your grandma didn't have a big aggressive dog!
Hello baby! I love you!!
Vulpus vulpus!
So D A M N CUTE
did you say hi back?
So very cute!!!
Is this common? A fox alone at this age? Unless this is one of those Russian foxes...
Nice
I want a fox as a pet so bad.
Sooooo kawaiiiiiii in dying omg help
r/blep
That little pup would have been snuggled in my bed with treats.
r/blep
Awwwww
Awwwww his little baby foxy tongue!
I believe what he actually said was blep
IT MLEPED
I would die!!! 🥰😍
B L E P
Why so cute and so bloop? I need to know!
Should have invited him inside.
Looks like a free pet to me
Isn’t this the Fox and the hound but in real life?
Me [IRL](https://www.wikihow.com/Care-for-a-Pet-Fox).
did u pet it
Cutie
What does it say
Oh my they're so adorable when they're young. So cute you'd want to keep them as pets!
Hi puppy 😍
i LOVE HIM
That shit fake. Too cute to be real.
I know I really shouldn't, like... I really, really shouldn't, but I don't know how I would prevent myself from opening that door.
Tongue!
Is it possible to adopt it as a house pet?
That must be the plot of a children's fable somewhere.
Very sweet
r/blep
cutie. :)
Oh my god, I’ve never wanted to boop an animal so much!
Blep
*blep*
/u/stee4vendetta
Or is it little red riding hood?
He’s like a cat and a dog at the same time and I love him.
Kindness attracts it’s own kind I guess. 
Wherever there’s grandma, there’s kindness.
Oh God I miss mine.
This isn't normal, is it? It should be scared as hell of you.
r/mlem
I would open the door and scoop him up.
And the derp licks the sliding glass door, exactly like my dog.  Do you know how hard it is to clean dried dog spit off of glass?
That baby fox is so adorable! Did you give him some treats?
Your grandma is a witch
😍
Real question: how dangerous would it be to pet?
That's pretty neat
mlem
Derp Fox!
Soo cyuuutttee
OMG!!! So cute!!!
Blep
Call it Basil.
I just screamed from cuteness
I just heard Lucas the Spider saying hi
Omg, cute😍
This is the kind of content I want to see
Blep
Swiper no swiping

Swiper no swiping
Awww but just like any baby animal alone their mother is always close by so be careful. I would want to give this little guy a hug but I don’t want no mama to kill me. 😂
You’re so lucky
Is your grandmother a Disney princess
What’s with cute foxes and their cheeky tongues?
What an absolute cutie, lucky folks!
If I was your grandma, I would have snatched little dude up and told him his name is Todd, as we walk into my house.
:P
What a lucky day. So cute to see
Ohhh he’s good !
It's Todd!!
Let the 800 year old goddess in its good for ya
That lil tongue oh my god
cute.
That’s not “hi”. That’s a blep. Upvote
Foxy blep
Dat tiny tongue kills me!
Careful he might eat you
Lil' window-licker! Adorable!
Tod?
Blep
OHHHHH MYYYYYY GODDDDD
/r/blep
That blep!
I would let him in and pet him without a second thought
Derpy kit.
Nice elefant
A wild blep appeared
Very precious,  good morning
I would adopt that cute thing!
Look at its tongue!!
people don't realize it or not of reincarnation is very real ,some one she heaved must knew came back as a fox do to I still remember my pass life cycles many years back before I was even born. Watch the movie called Fluck or Star Man do to all of us is part of the 4th dimension and need a 3rd dimension  body to even exist hear.
Omg so cute
My what big eyes you have, grandma....

Eh. Close enough.
*Squeeeee!!*
Now you need a baby hound
Thats the cutest fucking thing i ever seen in my lifeee..... Ahhhh
Omg more updates as much as the little dude grants you
First I saw the fox thumbnail, Awww.
Then I see the tounge?!?!?!?? Gotta be the cutest thing I've ever seen.
r/blep
They know that they are famous now
Yeah it’s probably just curious and hasn’t had any negative experiences with humans yet. And it’s definitely awesome to see this up close on your own porch. I just wanted to point it out that it’s something people should be aware of.
Looooooook at the lil blep! True story though, my grandmother used to have baby dingoes in her yard in Australia.
Omgosh that is the cutest Kit I've ever seen! 💗
He did a blep :3
Holy blep
Boop
Oh my sweet lord.
Should you not pet it? What happens if you pet it?
How cute ..
Bapy
What does it say?
Baby fox DU DU DU DU DU DU
That tongue!
THBBPTT!
Cute! Super cute! 
XDDD
A true blep. 

Not a mlem.
This is so cute. Looks like a perfect combination of cat and dog.
I’ve never loved something as much as I love this fox
r/blop
That is so adorable Iteelly want to hug it
I didn't know I need this. Thank you.
omg they so cute. I need to somehow follow you, is that possible?
awww so cute!!!
Oh God that's the cutest thing I've ever seen
This is too young to be venturing on its own! Does your grandma live near wild red fox locations?
This is just the beginning of Fox and the Hound
Cutest lil window licker!
Cutest thing ever!
Is it a blep or a mlem??
\*\*B L E P P P\*\*
henlo
Baby fox came to watch the Fox News.
😍
Baby fox clearly wanted a forever home. Lol
Aww
I would die for that baby
Oh-my-god.gif
Do want.
What a cheeky baby! I’m in love !
I’m dead 😵 too much focc
Sooo cute !   Want updates !
r/bloop
Awwww I'm in love so so adorable!!!
You're so cute. So adorable. Awwww aaaaaahhhhh!
He's so cuteeeeee awww
Ohmygoshhhhh
r/Petthedamfox
I can't get over this tiny blep
I want to pet him!!
I bet OP don't post it in videos because he can earn more internet point posting picture.
Those tiny little socks, my heart just stopped
Adorabile ❤
That's a weird cat
best thread i’ve ever seen.
Blep
HIS LIL TONGUE
Feed as much as possible
next thing you know it would speak..."to better see you with, love"
blep
FUCK
r/blop
HI BABY FOX!
Does he want to lick your door?
so what is the reddit name for a fox?
Tiny mlem
blep
build

  


a

  


smoll

  


  


  


..

  


  


HAAAAAAAUSE!!
But what does it say though?
Why yes, I was looking for a new phone wallpaper!
I just died inside due to adorableness
Adorable little bamston!
I love how it’s little tongue is sticking out!
Yo this is prime /r/blep material
r/blep
Good Lord that's cute as fu*k!
😍
Good Fox, Good Blep. 12/10
little did he know, in a few minutes he will be catching his friend's tail \*DRAMATIC MUSIC\*
  Baby fox is super cute.
oh my god
Awwww. I want to hug him!
Bleep
Look at that blep. Too bad /r/bleps won't take you...
Would this count on /r/blep ?
Fox outside the hen house
Blep
Those foxes are the reason I go outside
Oh my god it’s so adorable I can’t handle it.
Blep!
Omg cute cute cute
he sticc his tongue out mlem
Go play with it. :@!!!!
Omg like the fox and the hound
Oh my goodness!!!
Just don't let it a fox by children
r/blep
I just want to push his little tongue back in just to watch it slip back out.
Omg give it whatever it wants
Gibbin dat window a heckin blep
Reminds of the fox that licks the glass
Important news this is.
Now we know what the fox says:"hi at my grandmother's house."
HIS LITTLE TOUNGE OMG! ... yup, my life is now complete.
Him doin a mlep
Heccin' boop dat snoot nao
Little bloop
Precious
Oh my gosh! It's face and derp tongue and ears and feetsies!!!!!!!! I wish a fox would come to my house and be all cute and foxy and baby-like.
Is it ok to pet them? I mean no take them as a pet but to play with them? Or is it better to just let them be?
Free fox!  It's your lucky day!
R/bleep please!
r/Blep
Awwwwww. I wanna pet it but know better....
Blessed
Baby fox do do do do do do
 this is the most upvotes i’ve ever seen
Little 👅
Where does Grandma live? I'm moving there!
B L E P :p
Super cute
My overies whisper to me

Quick take the fox, Raise it as your own with homeschooling and nobody will notice its not a human child.

The fox will be a weird and way too friendly homeschooled kid but it's okay....
That’s just adorable Blep blep
Your so lucky to see them so close. Love foxes ❤️
That little babe 🥰 I love it
❤️❤️❤️❤️
Awww
I saw these pics in reverse order. It took literally an hour of casual scrolling but I finally got to the bottom of it.

Better check to see if there's any more pics below this one.
Baby fox du du du du!
thank you
MLEM
Baby fox do do do do do
Blep
I just imagine him catching big insects and feeling like a proud hunter.
Baby Vulpes vulpes!!! 🦊
It’s a trap!
It's so cute I'm crying! 😭😍
AAAA
Neat
What a cute, silly guy.
I love this post so MUCH
Super adorable
R/mlem
THAT IS THE MOST PRECIOUS FOX IVE EVER SEEN
Blep
r/furfoxsake
This photo reminds me of a time I was walking to work it was raining in the early morning I saw a baby fox and it noticed me, so the cute bastard started to approach me. My first thought was how cute it was. The second being the scold from the mother fox from out interaction with one another.

As a reaction to my thought process I decided to walk the other way and feel horrible about a fox pup yepling in the rain.

Then of course people made fun of me because it was only a fox.
Even though I know I shouldn't, I just want to cuddle that cutie. 😂😍
Oh, it's Micke!
(Edit: oh, its Tod!)

(Don't know if it's another name in other countries.)

Edit: apparently the movie title is "the fox and the hound", in swedish it's their names..
"henlo, u a doggo?"

"neh neh"

"u a catto?"

"neh neh" \*blep\*

"meh a foxo xoxo" 

\*blep\*
Boyd
I guess you’re going to have to start an Instagram page for them. You are obligated to your audience at this point.
where can i adopt one
嘤嘤嘤
Mother of god, that little fucker is cute.
*Blep*
They blep
So adorable
wait canines don't do bleps.


This is unnatural.
Baby animal, I wanna pet it
It's Todd!
I would name it Tails.
I had no idea they were so adorable. Until today. Thanks Fox Guy!
Blep.
Cute! 😃
Look at that foxy face!
i am the fox

i don’t attacc

i’m jus hunting

for a snacc

i’m at your door

i watch my step

you take a picture

i do a blep
blep
Baby fox is super cute.
Dang it’s a nice Fox
Take my orange arrow
blep
I know I shouldn’t....

But I’d open the door and welcome it in
Baby fox too too too too too doo..
R/blep
r/blep
I’m in love! What a cutie!!
Oh my godddddd such a pupper T - T imma cry now
Baaaaby fox doo doo doo doo doo
Baaaaaaaby fox du du du du du du du du du du du........   


And now its an ear worm
Babyyyyy fox do do dodododo
Baaabvby fox do do do do do
Baby fox do do dodo do do....
When I was a child I accidentally pissed on a baby fox once, which is a memory I didn't realize I still had lol
So what did it say?
Rabies
r/blop

Precious little one 💓
So, what does the fox say?
Unpopular opinion: It would be awesome having a baby fox as a pet
Open the door and play with him for fox 🦊 sake
Just be aware that this is not normal behavior and in some cases can be due to a rabies infection passed down from the mother... as cute as it is don’t try to pet it. When I was a kid we had a baby fox running up to us right out of the woods. Since the mom wasn’t anywhere in sight we took it to the vet. Turned out I did actually have rabies...
Least it wasn't a baby shark.... that never leaves you....
Well, what did he say?
> Since they were introduced for recreational hunting in the mid-1800s, foxes have spread across most of
Australia. They have played a major role in the decline of a number of species of native animals. 

I see them occasionally and they are extremely beautiful animals and I don't hold the animals personally responsible for the damage they've caused or believe they should be treated cruelly. But they are wreaking havoc on Australian native species and we have to do whatever we can to eliminate them within Australia. 

https://www.environment.gov.au/system/files/resources/1910ab1d-a019-4ece-aa98-1085e6848271/files/european-red-fox.pdf
baby
#fox
do do do do do do
r/blop
#Chaos REIGNS
What does it say
Looks cute... but more realistic than ever this 1.14 update of minecraft
I think that's called a new pet
Blop
u/potchichi
r/blop
Chaos Reigns!
He escaped from my fox farm!
So that’s what the fox says
Baba is Fox
r/blup
Милота какая) а мама не испугалась? Может же укусить!)
That's what the fox says?

Not gonna lie, kinda disappointing...
You'd better believe I'm feeding that adorable ball of fuzz as much as it wants to eat and leaving food out for it/mama. Gonna make these little dudes regulars to my backyard.
Can something this cute be real?  It looks like taxidermy.
Your grandma probably knows the answer to, "What does the fox say?"
What did the fox say?
Good foxxo
Baby fox do do do do do-do.
OH MY GOD SMASH IT ITS SO CUTE
Are you sure that's a fox? I'm pretty sure that's a Vulpix
what that fox says ?
Baby shark?
I just sang baby fox du duu du duu, baby fox du duu du duu.
Its a sport to run foxes over in my area
Awfully cute but probably very dangerous!
Baaaaby FOX!

Doo-doo doo dooooo doo-doo
Such a cutie 😩
[removed]
