"This is how stupid you look walking up the stairs, John"
But can he do it holding a martini?
This makes me uncomfortable
This reminds of that effing creepy Japanese commercial.

https://youtu.be/IU6ax9nhHUE
"Animal Farm" pigs be like
That is impressive and very cute. I don’t think it’s good for the dog though...
Is there a name for the phobia of seeing animals act in human ways? If so I have that
I feel like I saw a video similar but another smaller dog walking the streets in a weird outfit and it turned out that it took a lot of abusive training to get him to do that. Might even be the same guy because he was Japanese in the other video.
"Now I have to drive my car yo the grocery store, pick up the pups from soccer, and take the human to obedience classes"
Fuck whoever is making that dog do that.
I love cute videos , but I remember seeing a video on those dogs that walk on their hind legs and the way they train the dogs to do that is to beat the shit out of them if they walk any other way. This doesn’t seem the case but you should always be careful what you are promoting.

That dog that would walk on his hind legs I think was on the news and viral videos and stuff for a while.
Horrible for the hips
Why can’t people just appreciate a dog for what it is instead of making it do stupid tricks because people think it’s cute? It’s not. It’s unnatural.
It's cute, but the trainer is putting this dog's health at risk. This kind of training must be stopped IMO.  I feel so sorry for the dog, I hope he is okay though.
Isn't this bad for the dogs joints?
It lowkey disturbs me to these things ever since I've heard about how badly some dogs are beat to do these unnatural actions...
Nothing “aww” about this.
God... retrievers already get hip problems, this will just hella accelerate it..
This is complete BS and needs to stop. This animal is being trained to behave this way all for a few likes on reddit-its horrifying that he has to undergo all this suffering just so that some stupid guy can post this here pretending that it is cute. it is not cute, it is disgusting
the way the dogs are trained is barbaric. just be weary of that when you watch videos like this.
This is terrible for dogs.
No thanks. Have my downvote.
This is unsettling to me.
Imagine the torture it had to go through to pull that stunt
People they are seriously trained in order to walk , just to get public attention and you might not believe what these dog's have been through for all of this
Hate to spoil the fun but we shouldn't laugh at this. The training involved is rather cruel from how i understand it (beatings etc) unless of course this is a pet and its just somthing the dog got taught in a positive way.
That's gotta be horrible for that dogs hips.
that position for dogs is quite painful, tbh this is animal cruelty...
The goldie was probably beaten a lot until it could perform this ‘trick’.
That poor Golden’s hips
Ewww I hate it
Hurts their back badly!!
Oh that poor dogs' joints are not having a good time
Yeah this isn't aww at all.
Was any animal cruelty preformed while training this dog to do so?
[Some dogs do this sort of thing going down the stairs.](https://i.imgur.com/Be2RCJE.gifv)
What if he fell backward
Have seen the YouTube videos how the Chinese train dogs to do this while torturing them. Boo!
Honestly it's painful to watch. The whole thing looks unnatural.
This is not cute at all.  In Asia  this has become an abusive training techniques to try to humanize dogs.  Often cattle prods are used.  Besides this is extremely damaging to this dog’s hip, digestion, and there heart can’t pump efficiently.
The amount of kendo sticks to the ass it took for that is depressing
Cute video but because I'm a worrier, I immediately think of how hard this is on this furbaby's hips.  Larger puppers get hip dysplasia and this seems like something that would accelerate that condition.  Put a hat on your pup. Put a scarf on your pup. Please don't train your pup to walk up stairs on their hind legs.
I don’t think that’s good for the dog’s back, but not one to hate either
Why do they fuck up animals?
Jesus Christ this comment section. head back while you can.
This is not cute, if anyone even looks up how this fks up a dog's spine and legs you will not be saying "aww". It's barbaric.
I hate this. This is cruel
It's in China, I am assuming the dog has been beaten into submission.
this, only fucking torture will lead a dog to this behaviour, remember the dog walking like that in a previous ? turns out the dog was beaten every time he layed on his 4 legs, so much aww material
I really hope this isn't one of those dogs that are basically tortured for not walking like that
I have a really bad feeling to his owner.
I seem to [remember him from somewhere](https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/080/001/tumblr_l0cciiKPtx1qzekdio1_400.gif?1318992465)
This is disturbing.
I hate that the mods keep these kind of posts up! This is so bad for the dog! Nothing cute about this.
The way dogs are trained to do this is with beatings. It’s fine to teach your dog to do a few steps and some dogs love to learn complex tricks like that, however people get several dogs that they beat into doing this tricks with the intent of going out in public to make money. Please don’t support this, it’s not cute and it’s inhumane, especially for a large breed!
Don’t they use abusive methods to get the dogs to walk like that?
Kinda reminds me of the viral videos of people forcing their dogs to walk upright.. Kinda dont want to know what sort of training this took, dogs dont naturally want to walk on their hind legs and aren't easily trained to do so.
0.o  The amount of torture to train the dog...
yikes. it's normal for a dog to stand up then go right back down as a trick, but this is really shitty. it's awful on the dog's hip bones, and they're often beaten or zapped with a cattle prod if they let their front paws hit the ground. not to mention the huge trend in russia and asia at the moment of these street performers buying dogs, training them, then either abandoning them or killing them once they don't need the dog anymore. this shouldn't be on this subreddit. 

[here's an article explaining it a bit more](https://splashanddashfordogs.com/blog/damage-training-dogs-walk-hind-legs/)
[removed]
Poor dog
Animal cruelty
Rise of the dogs!
this dog walks!
XD that dog does not miss back leg day XD
/r/livestreamfails
Despite
Oh my God. They're evolving. 0-o
Now someone find the video from the Asian lady at the bottom
This belongs in r/wtf
Upvote for spelling human correctly.
That scared me for a second.
Hey hooman i too am hooman
And this is how the dog people evolved and took over the world.
Look at me, I'm a human and I like to walk up the stairs on my two legs. Hurr dee durr dee durr
`Initiating schmacko_acquisition() subroutine`

`Executing...`

`Success. Awaiting schmacko delivery...`
i hate this kind of thing so much
Are they gonna eat this one or keep him for breeding?
This is not okay and all I can think of is this video of this dog being beaten to learn how to walk like this. 
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=KSuX1_r1Gy8
Aww! Wiggle walks!
not ok.
Bloody idiotic amateur dog trainer, he was showing off what he can made the dog do!  I have seen him before on Reddit may his back give out on him before his dog develops back problem!!
I wonder how long he's been beating his dog to have him do this?
Never downvoted faster. Stop supporting this stuff by giving these people internet time
That dog was most likely cruelty trained and beaten to do that trick
Dog.
This isn’t cute or good at all but rather horrible and cruel. These training methods for dogs to do this is basically abusive and beating them. They do because it’s forced by the owner’s animal cruelty
What a completely useless thing to teach your dog.
dog.
The hell did I just watch?
Doesn’t that hurt his legs?
Hind legs are going to be a pain in the behind.
That's so bad for its hips
how many times was this dog beaten
poor dog :'(
This is really bad for the dog. Golden retrievers are already predisposed to hip displaysia and this is really bad for their joints.

Just because something looks cute doesnt make it right.
I think he probably beat that dog so hard to get it to do that.... :<
Do Japanese people just beat goldens into submission? I’ve seen so many weird Japanese golden gifs where they are absurdly obedient.
Isn't this insanely bad for the dog's hips & joints? I watched an in depth view on YouTube about these dogs in the East. Apparently they are brutally trained on walking on their back legs. Look it up, can't remember the exact website. Cute dog, but not worth the health risk :(
Y'all know these dogs are beat to perform tricks like this right? This isn't natural for a dog
Great way to bring on early hip dysplasia in your Golden Retriever.
I think its sad the owner would make the dog do this.
yeah i'm sure that poor dog hasn't been beaten by it's owner
It has BEGUN
Of course the dog is Asian.
Why!
No.
Eerie
Animals really do take things too literally at times.


Showed my cat how to use the cat flap when he was younger, using my hand to open it obviously. He ever since then pushes the cat flap open with his paw before walking through it.
Consome, consome, consome panchi
Consome consome consome panchii
Consome Consome Panchi!!!
[Why you should think twice about sharing a video showing dogs walking upright](https://globalnews.ca/news/3475328/why-you-should-think-twice-before-sharing-a-video-of-a-dog-walking-on-its-hind-legs/)
So bad for their backs, dont do this to your dog.

Walking upright is considered to be our downfall by scientist and why we have so many back problems. We are still jn process of upright evolution.
Awful for a dogs back to walk up stairs on its hind legs like that.
Why you all dumb fucks upvoting this..??? Are you all aware that the owner tortured this dog in order to make him walk on his back legs...!!!!
This is done by abusive training, it's common in Asian countries
The girl in the pink is so stupid stop recording your angle sucks just watch it you don’t need to record i don’t know why it pisses me off
People must be dumb upvoting or thinking this is cute. Last time I saw a similar video Redditors found out its owner is actually abusive.
There’s no way a dog can or should do such tricks, and we’re upvoting them and encouraging such behaviour.
That dog was beat to an inch of its life.  I guarantee it.
Wtfffff nooo nooooo
ThAtS hOW yOu LoOk
This can’t be right for the dog, no?
Stop sharing this stuff. Its harmful for a dog to do this which is why they don't do it unless they are beaten into it
HOLY COW!  That is so hard to do for a four-legged dog!  He really seems happy to please his partner as he climbs the stairs.  Thx for sharing. Cheers!
[deleted]
I said two at a time!!!!
Good stinky human :)
He walking on sunshine
Dog: This is the day I will evolve.
Anyone else read 'Animal Farm'?
Look at him doin pupper stuff
Not gonna lie, if I was out walking alone at night and a dog started walking up stairs like that towards me, I would freak out lol otherwise he’s a good Doggo!
That guy trying to act like he wasn't going to stop to see it all the way through.
That lady tho. I’m always in awe how quick people are with their phones. This dog would be home, had dinner, multiple belly scratches, and be sawing logs by the time I started filming.
10/10 would let that dog.
In a dark alley this would be disturbing
Better at being human than me. More coordinated at least
That’s some r/toptalent right there by the golden.
Karen! I’d like to speak to the manager.
The pox will have that dog within a week
Made my day.
that is a man in a dog suit.
It's only a matter of time before they start asking for their rights. Just sayin'.
LOL🤣
That’s got to be bad for it’s hips
Consome, consome, consome pannchiiii
Consome Consome pachi!!!
plug walk
Doggo doin’ a wheelie.
If we are going on an iq test the dog lost about 150 iq points (started at 300 points)
That dog is ready to give someone a complicated side quest.
Look Lana; he think's he's people!
I love the way everyone stops to watch it
u/GifReversingBot
This is simultaneously the most ridiculous and wonderful thing ever. What a good boy.
Hiw it feels to chew 5 gum
Dogs are evolving into humans
"Hooman" FTFY
Is this cute or weeks of punishing training
“LoOk At Me, iM a hUmAn”
doggie said 🐕 😏🚶‍♂️
Look at that sassy dog sashaying up those stairs
I look forward to seeing this reposted every day for the next millennium.
I’m just happy when my dog poops in my yard instead of my neighbor’s because I don’t want to put my shoes on and pick it up immediately
I am peeples.  Give peeples' fud, plz.
Herr derr derr
I’m only HUMAN, after all! 
Song:
Human Remix (Vintage Culture, Bruno Be, Manimal)
🎶They call me Cuban Pete
I'm the king of the Rumba beat
When I play the Maracas I go
Chick chicky boom
Chick chicky boom🎶
Put some pants on dog, will be extra cute.
Look at those weebly wobbly paws!
Golden/Labrador retrievers >>>
That is a very good boy
Anytime I see dogs doing remarkable things like this I am blown away but I am honestly genuinely curious and afraid of what it took to teach it a trick like this.
Perfect!
I love the one guy who keeps on walking.
That dog has better posture than me
This just creeps me out
Walk it like I talk it, walk it like I talk it, walk it like I talk it
Lol the little pause at the beginning to gain his balance was so cute
I can't stop watching this
That's a smart dog right there!
I love seeing dogs and old folks
Red XIII?
You dropped your lucky penny...
Why have I been watching this for an hour now...
Even Asian dogs are smarter. ;)
Hello again, Vicar
i like watching the tail
That's a fucking skin walker fucking run
Wow. I have been SUPER stressed out lately. Does anyone know where I can find some CBD oil?
Anyone else training their dog to do this?
Ummm, excuse me? Why is this dog not saying "hooman"?
https://media3.giphy.com/media/11VigAPNmfbw7S/giphy.gif
Just like Kate Winslet in that final staircase scene from Titanic.
Sadly that guy missed the sight of his life
This reminds me of that Japanese commercial with that weird dog stud thing that dances with the kids
dope
Now I wanna see him walk tightrope
They’re evolving...
I love that brief pause lmao
Everybody a gangsta till this happens .
The Cha Cha slide lol
Strong doggy.
he walks better than the hoomans.
Is it just me or is the a George Washington vibe in there?
Correction it Hoomam
I feel so mocked
This makes me uncomfortable.
Friggin goodest boy oh frick i'm gonna die of loveness
Of course the owner is an Asian.
There’s always an Asian that does everything better than you.
Fatherless biped? This is man.
Their coming to get you Barbara
Wtffff
When he stands up, it's like the vocal break of a music video where e'erbody just gonna start dancing.

[Reminded me of this](https://youtu.be/_pqGNSXC9to)
Omg that looks so dangerous wtf
This dog is more talented than me.
this is creepy as fuck can u imagine ur dog coming up to u like this in the midde of the night?
Yes ! Dogs continue to walk upright more and more .  The racist humans will more and more recognize your true soul repressed
This is fucking incredible
“Dur dur dur”
"This is how a proper lady walks upstairs, Gladis"
r/HoldMyKibble
Amen. Yes you are human
Cute.
Its over Anakin, dont try it!
Dog start to evolve.  Next time they will start to write.
We are laughing at this, and finding it cute, but remember that when that dog is our new king.
Like a little Rory Calhoun!!
What is up with Goldens in Asia?
Erlang shins ferret form in smite
Hurrr durrr
“I better perform this trick before they eat me!”
this is so cute oh my god
Consomé! Consomé! Consomé Panchi!
That doggo walks up stairs better than most humans! Dogs are so amazing. Idk what we did to deserve them.
I just love the people in the background coming to a dead stop all shocked.
Some old people need a chair lift. Some fat people only use elevators. This dog walks all over them!
cool beans
Omg!!♥️♥️♥️♥️
He's making fun of us
Also it looks like the dog has some nice dance moves😜
How do you teach something like that? Like the standing up part I can understand.
Look at him, he thinks hes people!
This is how China takes over the world...
I feel like with maracas and a cute outfit that dog would be the best dance show contestant ever
"hey dog, hit the woah"
so cute
Look at me! Im a biped! Derp derp derp
OH MY GOODNESS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

:)
NANI!? ZAWARDO. It’s HECKIN OFF TIME.
Look at me, I crawl up the stairs on all fours on a regular basis.
It's... evolving!
He so happy with himself I’m in love
r/likeus
This is not torture?
Why does stuff like this only happen in Asia. Next level dog training skills over there
Who’s a good human? You are! You’re a good human!
Dogs will literally do anything for the tiniest morsel of edible reward. How is that much effort worth a tiny treat?
Walks like a dandy.
Looks like he or she is breaking it down to some good Salsa or Merengue.  Where are my Latinos!?
😱❤️😍
Even Asian owned dogs are smarter than most North Americans lol China is going to take over the world
That is one really good bo...human :) Adorable af
"Hurrdurr, I'm gonna sign up for a credit card on the internet."
A hooman indeed!!
So funny. He's cute.
Dogos of the future are going to use this as evidence against humans somehow
NO WAY!!!! 😲😲😲😲
This proves evolution.
More like hoo-man
I like how many people stop to watch lol
Dogi is very trained
LOL! Wow!
This is just the first phase of evolution.  I bet 100 years from now dogs will be ruling the world.
Me too, but I’m not out here bragging about it
Ears flopping about with each step is so cuuuuuute.
u/gifreversingbot
The potato chip commercial was right
I ain't even mad, they're so smart <3
What the fuck😂
Nice to saw this well trained dog by old man.
Circus dog, PAWgChamp
<3
1000th literally
that's incredible balance though
1 0 0 0
Notice how the dog owner wasn't trying to film it to become internet famous while everyone else around him was.
That dog is walking like a human. Coincidence? I don’t think so.
I love him.
He thinks he's people!
oh wow that reminds me of this old Japanese CM

 [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MfzNEmqeIWo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MfzNEmqeIWo)
"Four legs good, two legs *better*"
That man died in jail and this dog lead a better life!
Dog and human 
It’s Doman
“LoOk aT mE iM huMaN” would have been the better caption.
Am I the only one who visualized Nathan Lane in Birdcage?
Definitely impersonating a Karen
That magnificent son o’ a bitch.
"Hello fellow humans.. Human fellows"
u/vreddit_bot
/r/likeus
/u/gifreversingbot
r/likeus
Played backwards the title would be "Dog With A Smelly Ass "
Perfect of example for how a title can make a post even funnier.
This give me hope that everything is going to be alright.
Too many comments to look through them all. But THIS deserves a good text GIF
Rin tin tin is that you
This was straight up creepy until I saw the person on top of the stairs.
I.... you.... we....

Nvm, dogs win.
In the day, that's cute but at night under dim lights, that's a horror movie.
Hehe look at the doggie he thinks hes people
Hello fellow hooman
Wow😦
This made my day happy.
The look on his face is just: "Look! I'm doing it! I'M DOING IT!"
“Hurr durr, I’m a human..”
So it is possibke to tame demons
Four legs good, two legs better
Listen if I saw that shit late in the night with me being the only one that dog was stepping up towards in that stair-bridge, I'd fucking bolt back down the bridge
Haha that’s awesome 👏🏼
*"Ohhh look at me, I'm Sandra, I work in HR, here I am with the complaint files, is there any cake left?"*
Asians can teach a dog to walk up stairs and yet driving still baffles them.
Dogs are evolving ti furry
how do you teach a dog this?
Looks like a lady in high high heels.
*hooman
I’m a little ticked a dog can get up the stairs quicker and without holding on to a handrail like me (my cerebellum was formed wonky and my balance isn’t great).
That is a very interested
Yesterday a gorilla uses an iPhone to browse Instagram, today a dog ascends dozens of stairs on two legs.  I’m pretty sure these are signs of a dimensional graduation.
Well, I can't even walk this good.
Bowser got the balance of a tightrope walker..good doggy.
I. Just. Died. 😂😂😂😂😂
Humans can be fucking weird.
"Look, Da, no paws!"
This is peak doggo evolution.
"Der der derp der derp de derp de derp de derp" he said, mocking.
'Well shit my pants, what do we have here?'
Lol, first half looks like the dog is showing off and mocking us.
Doggo went *'' B I P E D A L ''*
What dogs do for the love of their owner.
lol...Stop goofing off you dork and come give me your poop In a bag. I wuv you
Copied and shared times a million
What an attention seeker!
Such a clever and intelligent dog
It reminds me of that japanese commercial with the drugged dog
U are better than humans, sweet doggo <3
Mr Miyagi has been working with beny for years spends all his time with his young grasspupper
My mom said “He’s my hero!”
He’s mocking us
Four let's good, two legs better! Four legs good, two legs better!
 The success of your plan starts with the vision of the summit
Thriller! Thriller night
Walking up the stairs st 4am
Good, good, GOOD BOI!!!
The pause before he starts walking 😂.
"LoOk At Me i'M a HuMaN"
Cha cha now y’all
Dog.
Yo I would've fallen without the rail.
Funny dog, now I must train my dog for doing the same thing. Actually, it will be tricky considering i've never tamed my dog apart from the classical "sit down". Wish me the best of luck, I'll need quite a few here
The way this dog stares into his humans eyes as he walks towards him is the way I look into my dogs eyes when I see her across the room. “You my one true dog love.”
I'll up vote when I see him kickflip over the handrail
They are getting smarter.
r/LikeUs
I'm crying..

I love you, pets .. please forgive us ...
China , where food comes to you
I love the slight pause before the start
r/dogsstandingup
Dog.
 He’s gotta ready up
Look at that bag of karma walking
Balance 💯
If you walk on two feet, they won’t eat you!
Something tells me this dog was trained in an abusive manner.
That’s a dog 🤦‍♀️
Wow, this is not easy for the dog to achieve especially going up
Welcome to the twolegged world of backpain.
Golden Retrievers are a gift to mankind.
Is it just me or is this super unsettling.
I don't this this is very r/aww
My dog already stands he’s gonna be doing this 😂
Consome! Consome! Consome Panchii!
That fuckin smile as he got to the top, im totally dead from that.
did he get beat for this
Fun side note, the real reason why he walked upright was to impress you because he loves you.
To the guy who walked off when he noticed the dog standing up: you're a very boring individual and I feel so ashamed we share the same species.
r/magicalmoments
Such a sassy stride
Ofc it's asia where a dog is doing an unnecessary 'trick'
Omg! How cute. 😘😘😘😘
This hurts me. I’ve seen videos of people beating their dogs to stand upright and walk upright like this. Makes me sick to my stomach and I feel so helpless. All I can do is comment and hopefully reach people by asking to not repost these videos. Don’t give these videos views and traffic.
Awwwww ,ain't she the cutest thing
/r/WhatsWrongWithYourDog
Next thing you know, he’ll start climbing up ladders
r/dogsstandingup
That dog walks better up the stairs then I do when I’m drunk
This is my new favorite dog video
What!!??? That’s me!!!!
HURR DURR IMMA HOOMAN DURR
Imitation is a form of flattery. For bipeds I guess, and other organic things.
He doesn’t even look at the steps. I can’t even do that. Good boi.
False.  He is asserting his dominance to the stairs which have challenged him.
Pretty sweet dance move
Yeah it’s very cute... until you forget you live in a two story house and see this guy walking up like this in the middle of the night and you have a heart attack cos you were going downstairs for a glass of water... but very cute.
Oh you so fancy!
/r/scriptedasiangifs
Do you ever just walk up the stairs to flex on them human nibbas?
Who said evolution isnt real?
ITT: People freaking out about the dog's hips.

Meanwhile: My dog doing this for the cookies out of the oven while I am not looking.
That dog walks up stairs better than I do. I always fall up stairs.
I'm so happy your title uses English.
So heckin gud
Do the Holman everybody now!
Tha poor guy in the white and blue shirt that looked away before he could see that very good boi **walk up the stairs**
Absolutely gorgeous. Also bad for the dog’s hips. But also cute. But harmful. But so sweet. I’m conflicted.
This is top tier
That's it, I'll never see anything as fucking adorable as that again.
Walks better then most humans do going up steps that’s for sure
Look at me i'm a human dadada i Jill miself blablabla hahaha
Sitting in traffic just got better
Reminds me of Nathan Lane in the birdcage!
Someone give this good boy a treat, and be quick about it.
This is the most r/rarepuppers I have ever seen
Best thing I have ever seen.
Guy in the striped shirt will never know what he missed
The guy that watches the dog stand up and turns around and keeps walking like he see's doggies just standing up all the time didn't know what he was missing out on.
\*Hooman
What even
/r/likeus
I love the lady in the background who instantly pulled out her phone.
"This is what you idiots look like"
Wagging his tail the whole way up lol
If you believe than yes
That dog is going places 🐶
That is the most darling thing I have ever seen. Mwah. Masterpiece.
Owner: Come here doggy!

Dog: Me not dog! Me hooman! Get facts streit
This is the best use of the internet besides porn.
I hate when I am watching an online video that I enjoy, that there is another person in the frame trying to take a video of the same event. I know they also want to post an online video that I could potentially enjoy, but I hate them nonetheless.
Cute
Good for the dog I guess?
LoOk at mE, IM huMaN
This is animal abusing, feel sorry for the doggo
I would scream if I saw that in person. Seeing it on here was nightmare fuel as it is.
I'm more impressed about the pink lady in the back.
he looks like he got a bit dizzy.
That's fucking crazy. My dog trips up the stairs on all fours sometimes...
Impressive, but the dog looks as ridiculous trying to walk like a human as we do trying to walk like a dog.
I feel like the title needs more "Hur dur."
r/likeus
r/animalsbeingderps
Adorable
Everyone is gangster until the dog start walking in 2 pawns
CONSOME PANCHI
/u/gifreversingbot
Cha cha real smooth
Good boy
Bunch of fuckin downers in the comments.
Thank you for not saying “hooman” or some other stupid thing.
How the heck was the good boi trained to do this?!
Asians, not sure which country if it is a particular one, really love goldens. I constantly see videos of them doing really cool tricks and being very well trained.

Just found out its most likely china
Greetings fellow humans, human fellas.

Edit: Wow, didn't know human Rayla was unwelcome in these parts.
