If you haven't already sent this to them, you need to secretly get this printed off at least at 8x10 if not larger, frame it, and hang it on their wall without telling them.
Her name is Jade and [here's one](https://i.imgur.com/10mIjOw.jpg) where she looks less derpy

I don't want /u/The_Phantom_Fap 's contribution to go un-noticed, so [here's the edit he posted with lasers](http://i.imgur.com/NMC7xgL.jpg)

EDIT: now that this thread is finally dying if you want to see more dumb pictures of this cat, she's on IG @heyjadebutt. Be forewarned that nothing else will be as good as this photo. She has peaked
I can’t stop laughing picturing her with the left facial expression in a top hat and monocle like an old time-y villain
I love this so hard. The derpy half smile is totally what makes this photo.
[Needed some lasers.](http://i.imgur.com/NMC7xgL.jpg)
From "I dont think that was a fart" to "I am you supreme Lord ruler"
what did you feed her? she looks high af.
Solid lighting, what’s your setup?
Ahh this is awesome. Made me laugh. Haven’t slept properly in weeks rarely anything brings me joy now thank you op
How did you do this and could you do it for me?! My bfs cat not me lol
When are you free?
Okay, I have to know: how did you isolate the whiskers on the foreground layer so cleanly?
Nice! Hey real quick, what are these types of photos called? It’s a serious question. I can’t seem to describe it well enough for Google to return relevant results. Is it some type of superimposed thing?
If I send you my cat can you make one of these and send him back?
A majestic derp
You're an amazing friend
You’re the best kind of friend.
My favorite part of this post is finding more pictures in OP's comment replies
I was inspired by this post, and I decided to make my own. Here is my sweet girl, [Moose](https://imgur.com/gallery/tCpnL2c)
What are your rates?...
This is glorious. You have no idea how much I want this for my cat.
Haha, this makes me think of [this](https://s3.awkwardfamilyphotos.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/07/23155548/mike-5931_106480310282_722415282_2649468_5403074_n.jpg)
I would love one of these for my cat so I can frame and hang it lol
If you imagine the pics as two separate sith lords it’s pretty funny:

*Two there should be. No more, no less. One to embody power, the other to crave it.*
This is fucking amazing, i'm legit crying from laughing so much. Honestly needed this today, it's been a really shitty last couple of weeks but this completely made my night hahaha, thank you so much for this. I need pics like this of my cats
[https://i.imgur.com/IiWMUsF.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/IiWMUsF.jpg)
Looks like a movie poster for a film starring a wisecracking feline.
Am I the only one who thinks that she looks like Teddy Roosevelt (on the right) ?
Not to be over dramatic but I would fucking die for Jade
Front: *are those muffins?*


Back: *I luuv me some muffins mmhm*
Real cat people say “babysitting my friend’s cat” instead of just “catsitting”
How magnificent!
I dig this and want one of my cat haha
So high quality, you’re the best kittysitter
Hahah love it
What a precious little kitty!
[deleted]
This is top tier Reddit.
#stand user
The cat is a stand user?!?
Like a lion
Frame this picture and hide it on them!
What kinda camera did you use?! 🤩
Kat - By Request Only

https://img.discogs.com/G4EZieHO5KX9iwCeHs01sw91WVk=/fit-in/600x606/filters:strip_icc():format(jpeg):mode_rgb():quality(90)/discogs-images/R-4211163-1485215410-6426.jpeg.jpg
These are beautiful photos!!! You’re quite the cat portrait photographer
/r/catsofolanmills
I dig the disdain held in those squinty eyes
Glorious
No joke...I think you’re friends with my best friend because this exact photo was just on her IG story this afternoon! Small. World.
That’s not even my cat but I want it framed and on my mantle
This is one of my favorite things on the internet.
Come over to my house!! Airbnb for free, just portraits of nine cats pls
This cat needs to be the new Drake meme.
You can come babysit my cats. I've got four. I want to see what you do with a family portrait.
I love those expressions!😂
Behold my standddooo powaaah!!
Please babysit my cats!
Kinda reminds me of irritated Kermit the Frog
Regal Confusion
Top right kitty also looks like she’s about to impart some crucial old school philosophical wisdom on our protagonist
This is literally the best thing I have seen in my entire life.
Thanks for my new phone wallpaper!
This is now my phone wallpaper. Sorry not sorry.
This snarky-ass cat better be solving mysteries for his local bodega in cartoon form for our enjoyment.
Tell me the truth. The cat made you do this right?
This just made my day better, thank you friend
It's so high quality
I can hear it doing the *chk chk* sound he does in Fantastic Mr Fox
Is that cat running for political office? Any candidate with such a dignified portrait deserves my vote.
[Will Fur-ell](http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-cgBg4QHP3Hc/VNPPbfFOZgI/AAAAAAAADKQ/LW1sSHniIPs/s1600/willferrell.png)
Holy hell this is the greatest thing I've seen all week.   I had to save this
Please babysit my cat next.
Kitty nailed their school photo
They said I could become anything...*so I became a God*.
This is the most glorious thing I’ve ever seen.
Thank you for this.
The best thing I have seen in a long time.
“They don’t come back the same”
Threat level: HIGH
This is just everything
Wow... That's amazing
Cue Will Farrel from 2010s
It just needs the lasers in the background like everyone's middle school photo.
Any way you'd give me a brief rundown as to how you did this? I have to do it for my cat. Am *okay* with photoshop, but have a small design firm so I can make somebody at my company do it for me. I think.
[deleted]
Is there an easy way to do a picture like this?
Bohemian Capsody
Now I need a cowboy hat photoshopped on her head
You are a very good catographer.
Agrrrrr.. Touch me parrot, me bite ye carrot!
Hahahahaha!
This sounds stupid but I’ve been desperately trying to find someone to do this picture but of me.
I didn't knew you could even baby sit a Cat. A Dog? Perhaps. But a Cat? Thats new.
Right side: my grandfather from 19th century

Left side: me
I like that it looks a little like the cat is the leader of a communist party.
Can I please turn this into a meme?
I dislike cats and anything cat related but this is fucking great !
How did you do this? Did you use photoshop? I’d love to do this with my derpy dog
Is there an app I can use to take pictures like this, or do I have to know how to use Photoshop and all that
What is this style of photo called
I wish you were nearby so you could take photos of my two morons!
My friend did this nearly 20 years ago when watching my kitties and dog. Now that I’ve lost my fur babies I’m so grateful for the pics.
He looks like a kid who’s mom just told him to smile for the camera.
This post once more proves that the single purpose of cats is to break the internet (and push shit off tables)
Where’s the one of her on the Purina cat food bag? Loved it.
This photo is amazing!!!
they are so pretty and fierce i’m jealous
He just needs a mullet.
The little sneersmirk... [kissing fingertips]
Why does the cat in the back look like its gonna take a shit in my shoe for not giving it treats?
Nice lighting
Great job
Omg that face! I love this sooo much.  I want one of my cats.
Hell yeah
You're a good friend.
Looks like something out of star wars
I’d give you a gold if I had it,, this is the best content
She looks cgi, jesus.
The most interesting cat in the world
Epic.
Can you please do mine hahah this looks so good
Boss eyedness.. it's no joke!
Well done.
You are the best friend anyone could ever ask for.
You are an excellent friend, caretaker and payer of pettaxes!
You did good. I’m proud of you.
Amazing.
Oh yes
Her face in the bottom is so r/youseeingthisshit
It’s what every true friend should do.
Now you just need to have it printed and framed and leave it in their house without saying anything
If she hasn't seen it you need to replace one of the photos in her house without her knowing.
Before and after drugs
I love everything about this.
Aw that face tho !!!
[Music](https://youtu.be/blCBoXKCGl0)
CATegory 5 quality
Can we be friends ? 🐈
OMG! this is the best! his derpy little face is too much ❤️
Pet Semetery remake looks alright
Majestic work of ART.
masterpiece!! Bravo!
You should do this for a living! If I had a cat, I'd hire you! :)
YES.
So much fluff
"meow, meow"

\-cat
Omg
Left: That face you make when somebody tries to make you stand still for a photo. 
 
Right: That face you make when you see your human take the gifts you have bestowed upon them in the litter tray.
Glorious.
Sorry i just can't stop laughing
everyone needs a friend like you😍
Bonito gato
Do you have the laughing cat version of Tom Cruise? That would be awesome.
comb his whiskers
I need to step up my cat sitting game
Olan Mills would be proud
Holy cow what lens/body do you use
this is the cat form of rachel dratch
Aawww!! Thanks for the smiles!! That's too dang cute!
This is, awesome
Hahahahahahahananan. Ooohhhhhhh hahahahahahahahaja shit that derp smile killed me
I can’t photoshop but this needs to end up on r/photoshopbattles
Photogenic af
This is art
They better blow this up to poster size and frame it above the fireplace.
So majestic!
Looks like the night king smirking ;)
Can you tell us how you took these pictures? The quality is great!
Best. Cat-sitter. Ever.
looks like winston churchill on the right
##***L E G E N D A R Y***
So majestic and derpy at the same time. I love this!
This cat is amazing! I LOVE her SO MUCH!
This is absolutely great.  I would use it for my desktop if my cat wouldn't get jealous
Ok one serious and one goofy. -Cat probably
I would seriously love this.
The camera is more HD than my eyes
I hate cats. That photo is so good I almost want to buy it. Well done with the humorous contrasting looks you got from the cat.
Jinkies. That’s an adorable cat. Also, great photo. 10/10 would upvote again.
Awkward teen photo
I am at loss for words at how much I love this
OP killin' it here with the bonus pics in the comments
This cat is absurd. Absurdly weird. And cool. You’re a good friend. And good photographer. Really captured this little one’s personality.
Quality level 100
needs [one more cat image + a moon](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Three_Wolf_Moon) 😄❤️👍
Oh my how precious. I need this for our kitty!
Haha i mean all i can say is wow!
Come babysit my cat. I need pictures like this❤️😭😭😭
Derp up front, majestic in the fade.
This literally looks like the president of cats. Like an old timey black and white president photo.
Majestic.
This reminds me of Olan Mills photos, member? Anyone?
Where's the like button for this? Awesome
Love this!!!
Photo in the back about to talk to me about diabetes
You are an amazing friend for doing this.
Discount kitty
Top right is Hannibal Burress cat
When I was pet sitting for a friend, I took dramatic videos of all her pets, then edited them into the End Animal Cruelty video. She was pissed I did it because she said it made her look like a bad owner, but all the animals in the real video are already rescued, so it actually made her pets look safe.
Yasss!!!! This is the most amazing thing I’ve seen today!
The left picture makes me think of the smart Alec kid from polar Express
The top pose says “majestic” but the bottom says “...but approachable.”
I NEED to learn how to do this
This is the derpiest cat...
really has the dreamworks face down
You mentioned lighting—what camera gear did you use?
Absolute Masterpiece
Great job!
I wish I had a friend like you
You’re a great friend.
Will you please come dog sit for me?
This cat looks like it designs Italian sports cars.
Frame it and gift it to your friend! They’ll love it!
Can you please babysitter my cat? How does Saturday sound?
This is awesome
Im making this my desktop wallpaper
This looks like a DreamWorks movie I would actually watch.
Top photo looks like hes leading an army of cats into wars with dogs and laser pointers.
This image has a lot of potential
What a sassy kitty!
This is awesome! Love the cat!
Now you must replace all of the photos in frames with this photo, but don't say anything
Awesome! She is absolutely lovely.
What JOY
Are you gonna frame it?
Eh, needs more 90s laser backdrop.
Majestic.
HOW DO YOU PHOTOSHOP THIS WORK OF ART TOGETHER?!
He looks wise. I trust him.
What a perfect little derp
ODB lives!!!
That is the cutest damn cat
Dreamworks face
Can you do one of my cat?
Watch out for Shane Dawson!
Absolutely brilliant.
I will never have a photo of myself even a fraction as good as this.
Majestically derp as fuck.
You are a wonderful friend.  That is hilarious!
The lighting is phenomenal 😩👌
This looks animated
How did you get that marvelous smirk?
Top right pic, he’s channeling his inner Wilford Brimley.
If you live in OKC I have a job for you.

its a pet sitting job
This is truly fabulous. Thank you, u/JDMcompliant for the smiles tonight.
Cat sitter of the year award 😎
That's a fuckin nice kitty.
Makes me think of Mussolini for some reason. At least the background one does.
That’s a really nice thing to do.
So majestic!
Finally some good fucking art
Majestic
Reddit loves cats too much
This is sweet. Yo look at the face though lol
love this!! p.s follow @theoldhat on instagram
Hahaha nice pics. Definitely done in a studio setting though.
This is the best thing my eyes have ever seen in my life.
Model status
Where can I hire you. Amazing!
Lol they look so funny and that's  very nice of you to do that
Smug bitch!
This is so cute it made me tear up wow
Lol that cute half smile
It came out great! 👍
Good friend.  Totally sweet.
This is now my background on my phone and soon to be for laptop.
r/SupermodelCats
Good one
Stoic
I love shit like this, honestly.

25k people love that you took time to take pictures of a cat.  I am one of them.
reminds me of the wolf album cover
This is such a cute cat!  I love him.
The one on the right looks so deep in thought, but he’s got nothing going on in there
This is absolutely fantastic.
Doesnt Will Ferral have a photo just like this of himself?
That's a purrfect pose.
The image in the background makes the cat look like some great philosopher.
President Taft?
So this is the stupid shit people like?
Nice one, Like it Thank you.
This is what i call....

#PURRRFECT
Is there a Sears Studio logo you could put in the corner?
This looks like meme material
I shall utilise thy cat for memes!
Fabulous floof
10/10 would let you babysit my cat.
Fucking majestic
The dude abides...
Adorablee
They seriously owe you their life.
What no laser beam background?
how did you make this
Soooo good!
Awh so cute
That's so awesome! I'm a photographer too.
She purrfec
Ugh. I really need a photo like this of my dog.
She looks like a familiar with a lot of sass! (I've been playing too much DnD lately)
Obituary photo material
That smile.
This is a really wholesome post. Thanks OP
frame it and put it in the house somewhere randomly with out them knowing.
Your friend’s going to love it.
i need one with just the foreground picture
That is a purrrty chunky cat with the long whiskers/vibrissae...and of course I googled kitty whiskers in order to learn the new term of vibrissae.
/u/cyXie would love this
You should submit this to r/photoshopbattles
Did you do this with a backdrop or just edit out the background?
AMAZING! Get a frame!
Awesome. I have pretty much all the gear (except a decent backdrop/sweep) for my (black) dog but just haven't bothered to put in the time to set up a space.

&#x200B;

I really should get onto that.
Handsome kitteh...
Your cat looks like Joseph Stalin, in a cute furry way
`


`
This is great. What do you drive op?!
Majestic as fuck.
what lighting and backgrounds did you use? My aunt owns eight dumb cats and I want to make one of these, framed and all, for each and every one of them
Party in the front, zen in the back. 😎
You're amazing. This cat's amazing. My whole night is now amazing.
Avenge them!
“They laughed at my whiskers so I laughed at their corpses”
/r/PrettyGirlsUglyFaces
CAT: the movie

plot: cat exist. cat have inner self. you know where this is going.
How do you do this?
What? Do this for my dog please!
Fucking gold, my dude.
Superstar!
you probably wont see this but I always have a ridiculously difficult time masking out backgrounds from whiskers on animals, but your whiskers are so clean. How do you accomplish it?
This makes me want professional photos of my animals
She's chesshire cat material for sure.
This cat has the style of a boss ^^
Omg she looks like my cat!!!! I love her
Get it framed. Theyll love it.
That's Cat Stalin.
She will love it!!! I would!!
So I think I just realized this but is this style of photo just a double exposure? Like were they just really into that in the 80’s?
So "cat sitting".. 😁 i love the lip goin up. like he's not so sure of whats goin on? 🙃😍
Purrfection.
This is amazing.
I think this is the cutest photo of any adult cat that I have ever seen and I own 2!
"I'm biting your feet while you're sleeping tonight" 😾
Wow! You're a great cat babysitter!
A vote for Fluffernickle is a vote for a brighter future
You're an awesome friend!!! :)
Did she choosing beggar you and demand a whole album for free?
Quite a dapper cat
Its funny how animals smile my dog does the same thing
This is so cute!!!!!!!!

to shit, or not to shit on the carpet.....
Sassy kitty and thoughtful or surprised kitty
You should babysit my cat.
Best catbabysitter ever!
How did you make it look like that? Photoshop?
I wish you were my friend... I wouldn't mind a cat either, but my two dogs wouldn't allow it..
P H O T O G E N I C
Can I have this as a painting?
If a friend babysat my cat and sent me this level of photo they would go from a friend to my best friend instantly hahah.
This is some wholesome content.
I will say this. Cats are so much easier than dogs.
Bottom left looks like a Dreamworks character voiced by Bill Murray.
Someone needs to paint this picture, then have someone paint thier picture of them painting this picture.
This is beautiful
Worth it.
Badass
Plot twist: it was actually a dog. Photoshop level 100.
So gracious
Hahahah oh my god, I’m going to start doing this for all my friends’ cats!
The expressions are outstanding!
This is relevant to my interests
Ever see some shit that just messes up your life
Kitty kiity Kitty Kat cat cat
Majestic
Waiting for the memes to roll in...
I love his FACE!!
That smirk says it all
This is so nice. I would be so happy if someone did this for me!
I can’t even get my baby sitter to do the dishes.
I would honestly be in tears if someone did this for me with my fur kids. What a great gift!
There's gotta be a sub for photos like these.
This is such a great portrait, props to you as a photographer. Portrait photography is truly an art, imo - you have to get the lighting and composition just right and help the the subject become comfortable enough to look natural and relaxed. And that's just with people! I hope you'll print this out and give it to her people.
It's smirking...what...how?
This cat is higher than I am.
Buzz, your girlfriend. Whoof!
Well did you give it some 🥛
That’s my 8th grade graduation photo!!!
I hope your friend blows this up and frames it!
OP, will you post this to /r/PhotoshopBattles ?
How hard is this to do and what should I expect to pay someone to do it for me?
Good work. Beautiful cat with personality.
Please be located in Chicago?? I will pay good money for you to capture my Mr. Clydefrog’s derpy essence.
I love this so much 😩 I wish I could do this for my cat
Adult Swim bump
Thank you for my new phone background. This is hilarious! Love that stupid little smile
This is pure awesomeness.
She looks like she’s ready to bait small children onto a busy road
u/JDMcompliant looks great! What is your setup like? Recently got myself a good portrait lens and want to make a photo booth out of an unused room in my house.
Haha there are pictures just like this of my mom and her siblings in high school at my grandma’s house. What is this style called?
Beautiful I luv it!
Hey I saw this in new, congratulations!
Can you babysit my cat
Looks Asian
I laughed so hard at this! I love it!!
The only thing left that could improve this, as I haven’t seen it in the comments, is a three wolf moon version.
We need a leader who's brave, sincere, and not afraid to look silly. Vote for Jade this upcoming 2020 election.
What's your setup for something like this?
There aren't enough upvotes for this.
Hilarious!!
That's great. Love the colour and the depth. Cute cats too!
This needs to be frames when your friend comes back
“This town ain’t big enough... for both of us. Ahhhhhhhhhhhhahhhhhhhhhhhahahhhahhhhhhahhhhhhhhhhhhahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh”
I would buy this on a T-shirt
That’s what I’m saying that I would do
What childless millennials do
Its like derp cat and Stalin cat lolol
This is magnificent
This is amazing haha
Your friend is very lucky to have you as a friend.
I’d rather you not send it to her, and have it framed and hanging on the wall for when she gets home.
I love this so much
Bottom left looks like the night king right after tanking dragon pulse.
Looks a bit like the Cheshire Cat from the live action Alice and Wonderland.
 I love grey catsssss
Two words: well done. (Yeah, I know, that's four words)
And the squinched face
That smile
Quá tuyệt!!!
Omg, so cute. I would pay for that done to my babies
My new lock screen. Thanks mate
Jade sure knows how to smirk.

That plant nibbling image is a massive smirk and a half!
r/supermodelcats
r/supermodelcats
I was just absentmindedly scrolling until i saw this face. Now i cant stop giggling. Sweet kitty!
This cat looks like Earnest Borgnine.

https://www.google.com/search?rlz=1C9BKJA_enUS777US777&q=ernest+borgnine&tbm=isch&source=univ&hl=en-US&fir=ri-jj7yywqVytM%253A%252C78ZeJwKsRfD3vM%252C%252Fm%252F015d3h%253B8EPkABr5cy58lM%253A%252Cdp2A-FxkbgLFAM%252C_%253BhOpBBNp3EPgOYM%253A%252CUcHWcKaPM24TUM%252C_%253BfO_P_G6Va--3aM%253A%252CEGw8IQL3Lk8B9M%252C_%253B358n2-v2uYirOM%253A%252CEGw8IQL3Lk8B9M%252C_%253BoYqCXkiyS0AhJM%253A%252Cdp2A-FxkbgLFAM%252C_%253B-5uojjWR4n2F-M%253A%252CP5hf3ZkrwPs4lM%252C_%253BwBEK1d6v1Q7AZM%253A%252Cdp2A-FxkbgLFAM%252C_%253BvJJh99PtLKojIM%253A%252CrxUp6bPCYJ1UoM%252C_%253BaCEVycijs3sHMM%253A%252Cdp2A-FxkbgLFAM%252C_%253BhYjSGXRV_L3eeM%253A%252CP5hf3ZkrwPs4lM%252C_&usg=AI4_-kRD5aBf7EoDYn0Zw-QC5Sg1Xhbk0Q&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjutLyuyf7hAhWKc98KHZU8DuAQ420Iag&biw=1024&bih=659#imgrc=YwzDggWwuwYfOM
Cute!
Please to be babysitting my cats, good sir!
Musta
Can you babysit me please?
Background look like cat Stalin
How did you achieve such clean masking with the whiskers? 

My first guess would be the background eraser tool, or the magic wand brush... *But if you tell me that you hand masked the whiskers with a polygon selection, I'm most definitely going to cry... For myself and you*
A piece of art caused me to have an emotional reaction.
This is amazing. 

I'm not a photographer. I have a Sony Nex5 and I could never take a photo like this
I honestly love this so freaking much!!
Looks like a movie poster
Why are we still here
Two sides of a delightful coin
Look at this pretty kitty
Your friend looks like a cat.
Damn, your friend has an awesome friend!
this car reminds me of night king lol
Gorgeous. 11/10. Perfection; such taste.
Skeptical cat vs gullible cat.
If the Reddit silver was a cat, it would be this one.
This is exactly the Will Farrel meme just in cat form
Great work.
I fucking love this. This is the album cover of some cat singer
Excellent!
That's awesome. I want to make something cool like that for my dog one day
Will you babysit my cats, please?
If someone did this for my cat, I would truly be at a loss for words as to how grateful I was
So cute!
Omg!! I want you to do this with my kitty it’s so good 😭
I’ve got three! Do mine next?!
I love this so hard
Watch my dog, plz?
Front angle looks like” ooops I farted...” back angle looks like “ awwww got it out”
the best thing ever
Nice!
This picture SCREAMS Cats vs. Dogs
So regal and so derpy.
The left one looks very similar to when a muppet is grimacing.

http://eagnews.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/kermit-frown.jpeg best I could find.
I want this on a t-shirt
Fucking majestic
When the Loops are just right.
I don't know why but she low-key looks like CGI...
Such a pretty kitty!
What is that 80's style of photos called?
How do you do that? I've been wanting to make Christmas cards like this forever but can't figure out how it's done!
I wonder if you could do a Three Wolf Moon parody with this cat
What's the style of picture called
If I were a cat
Is it just me or does this photo have serious meme potential
She has a similar smirk as Rocket from Guardians of Galaxy
Perfection.
Screen print this onto a shirt for her ASAP
So Cute XD 

Love it
This is such a great picture? This cat looks absolutely smarmy in that uniquely cat sort of way.
What a beauty!!!
Avenge the fallen
Why does he have the Ricardo Milos smile?
Why does he have the Ricardo Milos smile?
Why does he have the Ricardo Milos smile?
this looks like that one meme
Purrrrrfect!!
Majestic!
Oh my god what a beauty!😍😍😍
Homegirl needs to stay off the cat nip
Inside the mind of the front one: taking my photo to share on reddit, huh?
You rock!
In the background it looks like the cat's going to sneeze.
It's a kitty!
Still would be a better sonic
It's too cuteeeee.
SO PRECIOUS
What in oblivio is that
Its cat






(skyrim)
This reminds me of the key and peele east and west bowl
Please babysit my cat.
You should’ve left some space and written “With great power comes great responsibility”
This is why I love the internet. Beautiful - both the original, and the laser edit.
All I see Leslie and Ron
 \+0.0589 [/u/xrptipbot](https://www.reddit.com/u/xrptipbot)
Omg this is the best thing on internet today 😂
I adore this photo! I'd love to have one of my furball but he never sits still! Got any tips for me that won't result in a weird blur?
Nice job
looks like a marvel poster
That upper one reminds me somewhat of a japanese captein looking down on his soldiers.
One on the left reminds me of Harrison Ford.
Aww look at that side smile. Cute
I'm in loooovvveee 🥰
What camera?
holy shit
That’s my wallpaper now
Looks like a dramatic soap opera opening scene. Days of our Nine Lives.
Not sure how but this post's picture ended up on my screen away from me. Thank you for the great convo I'm having now lmao
Cats are dope. Really have nothing else to contribute except that I like the part with the cat smirk.
Hey /u/JDMCompliant how did you do this? I'd like to do this for my cats is this just two photoshop layers or some simpleton shit like that? I expect it's easier than I imagine.
Thanks I hate it
Lovely cat.  Reminds me of that Will Ferrell meme.
https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/3369095131/6845187308f89695b725f7ce07edeed5.jpeg
I think this looks really good. We need that in wallpaper engine
You are the best kind of friend.
Does anyone know of some video guide on how to edit and create this type of an image? I think this style is quite common.
majestic
I would frame this picture in my bedroom.
You're catsitting.
Those are some majestic fucking whiskers.
You should put it up as a stock photo for people to buy. One day he'll be looking for cat food and his cat will be staring into his eyes from a Meow-Mix bag.
"This one time, back in naam"
Is there any more cats, if you added a few more in it would look like a stars wars cover
Lol
Looks like you caught her mid snarl. Then the other one she just looks sleepy.
Also babysitting my friends dog over the weekend and this was my plan! Haven't used my dlsr in years but thought it was be a great gift on their return
god I cried laughing at this, at a bar, for too long.
what a handsome gorl
This reminds me album cover of tyler the creator
This made me go pick up my cat and bring him to bed.
Can you please babysit my pup and do this lol!
The best thing I seen all day, or my life omg that so funny and creative 😂 needed that laugh!
This cat's got *range*.
I have coin if this cat has wares.
This is pure perfection
Is that cat faking a smile
i love me some high quality cat pictures.
Kitty is livinnnn
May I ask what style is this and is there a tutorial for this? I know it's 80s influenced, but is there a specific name?
Thanks for the wallpaper :)
r/olanmills
Love the goofy smile
Sooooo majestic
Dreamworks face.
Jade 2020!

You know you want to!
You're the best friend ever.
Oh my god I need to do this with the cat I’m fostering. He’s got the same derpy demeanor
The lighting is amazing
That's Natalie Dormer as an Animagus
You are a lovely friend!
Omfg I love her quirky.
That Night King smile tho
f  n  ii    iiii m o  o n
Mr. Meow
Majestic
What gear you using?
Dude that cat looks like Stalin, great photo though!
I want a self portrait like that so bad or one of my dog if i ever get one!
"Avenge The Fallen"
You win reddit
Kitteh looks like a sneeze is coming down the pipe. Fricking cutest kitteh ever.
How would I go about getting this almost animated appearance.
THIS IS THE CONTENT I’M HERE FOR. Bless you
Would you like to babysit my cats
Oh god it's the taxmaster's cat
so majestic :D
Is it me or does Jade look like the Paul Rudd of Russian Blues
*Plays Chariot of Fire*
