How adorable!  Look how engaged she is in that movie....very cute!  :)
My pug loves little house on the prairie. By love I mean he yells at the tv anytime animals are shown.
My dogs have never shown the slightest interest in anything happening on our tv ☹️
That tongue though, ha ha.
My girl like to watch old top gear and the grand tour lol
shes actually paying true attention, wow! her ears are alert towards the tv and shes tilting her head to understand the different expressions, this is adorable aaaa
Fun Fact: Dogs tilt their heads when they're trying to understand spoken language.

Knowing that makes it so much cuter considering she's actually trying to get what they're saying
I’ve only known Taffy for five minutes but if anything happened to her I would kill everyone in this room and then myself
Our Jack Russell watched Up! 

  
He hated every dog he saw and should express his anger regularly. When the dogs ran off screen, he would run into the other room or outside. The only time he wasn't angry, was when the Dobermann came on screen.
Okay, so my dog is not the only one that forgets to pull  his toungue back in when he is curious about something
give her a kiss for me! She deserves it <3
That r/blop is adorable
Her little tongue 😆😍
Adorbs!
Cute probably wishing for her prince too.
My cat only likes to watch animal planet
My corso was watching lady and the tramp tonight too. She gets particularly upset when lady cries on her first night home.
Loving the confused head turns
My dog likes to watch old re-runs of Perry Mason and TJ Hooker every night on FETV because he's getting old and likes nostalgia.
Record her watching a whole movie
Oh that part of the movie is so sad! Let her IN!
I just want to see a 90 minute video of that dog watching the 90 minute movie.
What a sweet doggie! She seems so patient and smart.

Thank you for sharing this made me smile.
this is just too adorable
That blep though! She is precious
My pup only watches "Bolt"
My Mum and Dads dog watched the entirety of Frankenweeie. I didn't want to but he so loves any animals on screen and he loved that film, so I sat through it for him. I hope he appreciates it haha though it's the least I could do for all the happiness he gives me when I visit. No welcome like a dog who hasn't seen you for a few months!
My dog is actually quite selective; if he doesn’t like what I’m watching he’ll leave. I started watching Mad Men yesterday and he laid in bed with me for an entire five episodes, afterwards I watched some YouTube videos, he took a glance at the screen and left
*Happy noises*
That's adorable!
Extended blop!
So precious!
Watching my dog watch TV when other animals, particularly dogs, are on screen is hilarious.
My dog Peanut will watch TV with me some of the time. She likes when I watch nature programs. Anything with dogs is her favorite. Too cute she will watch the whole episode.
My boy would knock the tv over, feel bad, get over it, then pee on the tv. While trying to show you he's done a good thing.
I’m afraid we need proof. Please provide a full film length video of Taffy watching the film. Thank you.
My cat loved blues clues. I was channel surfing and the cat was just chilling in the room. All of a sudden, blues clues comes on and she is up and engaged. Started turning it on just for her.
I had a 'mute who loved to watch golf on the tv. For hours !
Proof that romantic comedies aren’t limited to just humans
Are you wearing a No Face mask in the reflection of the bowl on the table?
I love how it tilts the head so the intellect can gather on one side of the head
That tongue!! What a sweet girl!!
One really cute dog
I want to watch movies with your dog!
She wants that spaghet!
[Don’t watch it all day, sweetie. it’ll rot your brain. ](http://www.celebquote.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/the-fifth-element-quotes-3.png)
I’m convinced some people reincarnate as dogs. Uhgg this just made my day
Man, what if animals have been fully intelligent the entire time but are just keeping it on the down low so humans don’t make them work in offices.
My dog likes TV too but won't chill and watch.  More of pure panic cause animals are trapped in a box watching.
I had a super-religious boss long ago that said "dogs can't see TV."  I asked why and he said, "Dogs can't see in 3D."  I told him dogs are predators and one of the distinguishing features is forward looking eyes to see in 3D to attack their prey even better, unlike prey who usually has eyes more on the sides of their heads so they can scan around them for predators' movement better.  This confused his mental model that all animals except for god's humans are dumbasses for our benefit.  He still didn't believe me, so once when he came over to my house, I put on a TV show that I knew my dog liked and she was watching it like this dog.  My boss's brain exploded in amazement and we wiped it up with a spare bible nobody was using anymore.
In 500,000 years, dogs will be able to talk. Can't wait to hear my dog tell me to switch channels.
Interesting to note that it is only since the development of higher refresh screens that dogs have been able to really watch TV. Their eyes can't be fooled by 24fps to make smooth motion, like human eyes can.
It's only in the last 15 years or so that dogs can actually see what is on TV screens.
Awwwww
She looks almost identical to my pupper
[deleted]
wicked
SHE IS STICKING HER TONGUE OUT THAT IS THE CUTEST THING EVER
Her tongue!
This is just precious.
*My heart is melting.*
They're evolving.
They're evolving, getting smarter.
r/blop
That's a really cute blep
She do a blep
I love that head tilt dogs do. It's the cutest thing. Now I want a dog.
I'm letting the universe know I want a Husky that watches netflix with me.
I dont want to disturb her concentration but I wouldn't be able to resist giving her a big cuddle if I saw that!
Love the little "mlep" with the tongue out.
*Blink Motherfucker*
Could I borrow Taffy for my movie marathons? 

I used to watch scary movies when I was home alone, and my dog would lay next to me. He wouldn't watch, but I would hold his paw. It was silly. But I enjoyed those times. 

I miss my baby so much. He had to be put down two days ago. Cancer is such a bitch.
My sister's dog, also a husky, loves Snow Dogs. She'll sit there and watch the entire movie without moving and inch. It's adorable.
My little pit mix watches TV but she usually goes ballistic when she sees any animal. Also, she hates the Lexus SUV commercial
Don't show her Disney's Old Yeller. For dogs, it's a horror movie.
We really take for granted all the seamless synthesizing our minds do while watching television and movies. For us, all those edits from one image to another feel like such a natural progression, but for lots of creatures I'm sure it's like, "Oh ho, there's a dog out that window! Oh and now it and the field its in has entirely disappeared, and there's a human face and the sky in the window? Okay, this window is nonsense." Maybe your dog knows how to watch movies though! :)
Isn't there a movie with sled dogs called 8 Below or something? If this dog is into movies, I bet that's a good choice. Haha. But she might enjoy it for real
OMG she is just adorable. Thank you for posting this.
pet the fucking dog
Her derpy tongue with the head tilt in the beginning was so cute.
So cute 😍
My pup would not break her eyes from the tv the whole time we watched ‘homeward bound’. 

I just watched her instead of the movie because it was so cute!
Reminds me of my little man. I miss him
My dog LOVES to watch TV. Unfortunately, she also LOVES barking at anything with four legs that shows up on that TV including, but not limited to:

* Dogs
* Cats
* Horses
* Cows
* Goats
* Dragons
* Cartoon four legged animals
* Muppet Horses
* A parade float of Clifford the Big Red Dog
* A child's two dimensional interpretation of an elephant made out of clay
I used to watch this movie with my dog who died when he was 3. I miss him so much. I should watch this with my current pup (who actually loves to watch GOT)
Oh my god, that tongue hanging out is the best!
This is a-freaking-dorable.
Something tells me she would really like 101 Dalmatians
It physically hurts not to be able to pet this dog right now, that’s the only thing in the world I want right now is to pet this dog and hug her and give her treats
This is the cutest thing ever!!! I cant. Awwww!!
This is how the sequel to The Thing starts...
Permanent mlem <3
I've only seen taffy for a few minutes, but if anything happened to her I would kill everyone on reddit and then myself.
She is extremely intelligent. She's making connections that most dogs miss, or don't bother with. Dogs have the IQ of a child. They learn our language, they make decisions and pass judgements. Blind people trust their life to them every day. You'd be astounded at how much these dogs can reason and work out a situation to keep their person safe. She's a very very special girl. You're so lucky to have her in your life.
How many dogs have you tried to watch a whole movie with?
Maybe because it's a dog and they don't watch films.
i am totally gonna discuss the plot with her for hours, will i be too pushy on a movie date?
the head tilts and the bleps are the best
I havent watched lady and the tramp in a while, but id imagine part of the reason your dog is so engaged in the movie is the realistic animal movements of the dogs. Kudos to the animators
  
Though there certainly are dogs who manage to put 2 and 2 together to understand what that weird picture box is. 
  
My dog sometimes watches, but it never seems to interest him. Except for the commercials with disabled kids (charities) and Twin Peaks. He really gets afriad of those kids and Kyle McLaughlin.
Its because you named her "Taffy." What's she supposed to do other than give you cavities?
That's fucking adorable
/u/vredditdownloader
Our dog loves watching Beethoven! He cuddles up and watches it intently the whole time!
My old man has a blue belle staffy, she loved watching TV and when another dog was on the screen she'd try to find them behind the tv
Such concentration. Very attention span. Wow.
 Her name is Taffy?! 😍😍😍 Please tell me you call her Laffy Taffy when she’s being silly.
The tongue out did it for me lol
My dogs are incapable of even recognizing the TV. When I was on FaceTime with my wife the dogs could heat my voice but cold not see it was me in the screen.
Damn, she has better concentration than half the adults I know.
My dog only watches TV when theres a cat on it or if I'm watching a serie or movie and the music and scenes get really tense.
THIS MAKES ME SO HAPPY!!!!!!!!!!!!
Can dogs process what's on a TV screen and derive entertainment from it? I've always been curious about this.
She is so into it! Wish my pooch did this. So cute.
This is absolutely adorable   what a precious baby!!
So cute! My cat sits and watches the older animated movies on the Disney channel. Her favourites are Brother Bear and The Rescuers. I think  they must pick up on the bolder shapes and colours of the old animation style.
My dog does the same! 101 Dalmatians is her favorite
How adorable, omg!
B L E S S
That blop tho
> She's the only dog I've ever met who can sit through and watch the entire movie.

This makes it sound as though you've tried to watch Lady and the Tramp with a lot of other dogs.
Awww what kind of dog.     I'm not a dog professional
Marley and Me is the only thing on TV our dog has paid attention to for more than a minute and he will sit through almost the entire movie fascinated by it.
Thank you for sharing.
I had a dog who would sit up like a human on the couch and watch TV. Sometimes when something walked out of frame, she'd go into the room next to the TV looking for it.
So precious 🥰🥰🥰
Best movie buddy!
As my grandpappy, Ol' Reliable, used to say... I don't recollect if I've ever mentioned Ol' Reliable before?
Is her name Taffy because of her tongue?  So cute!!!
She is so cute!!! I had a husky and she was the only dog I kew too who could sit through a whole movie :D she is beautiful!
My first dog growing up was named Taffy! I still remember hugging on her. She was so patient.
Did you use the same film crew as G.O.T? Beautiful girl btw.
Very Cute! My family doggo growing up was named Taffy and this is the first other dog I have come across with the same name.  Thanks for bringing back some great memories of her!
Cool guy
This is too much
Really beautiful dog. What type of dog is that?
*Whether or not your dog enjoys watching the TV or seems interested in it probably has more to do with his personality and breed traits than what's on the TV. For example, Terriers, who were bred to hunt vermin, may respond to movements on the screen or squeaky noises. On the other hand, a Bloodhound, known for his scent-trailing abilities, may not be interested in what's on the TV because there's no odor.*

https://www.akc.org/expert-advice/lifestyle/why-does-my-dog-watch-tv/
So cute!

Did you watch 101 Dalmations with her yet? When I watched it at a friends house once, her dog also started barking during [the twilight barking scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ed_Kxyqgp1c). It was so funny.
She's tilting her head like, "What's she doing with him? She's too good for him!"
wowwwww nice dog
Oh goodness, so cute I wanna cry
"is that spaghetti? Wow, I really like spaghetti. I wish I had some spaghetti right now, even."
OK, that's way too f'ing cute!
how come my dog literally doesn't watch TV
seems like she can blop through an entire movie as well!
Please show her 101 Dalmations!!
My cocker spaniel used to watch TV on the couch, sitting like a person with an arm on the armchair
My grandparents had a husky when I was growing up. We left the tv on for him when we went into town because he loved watching it. Also YOUR DOG SO PRETTY I LOVE HER.
My dog watches live pd all the time it’s kinda funny
My heeler loves watching Ferdinand
My kitty is named Taffy too!
I wanna know what goes through the mind of a doggo when engaging with such technology. Do they recognise it?
Now if that was my dog, they would start barking at the movie.
Enzo?
Our husky loves watching TV too. Never seen a dog be so interested with what’s going on on the TV screen. She’ll be chewing her bone and just stop and stare at the TV for a few minutes.
Wow crazy I have a husky puppy and hope she can be calm like this  ... she’s a bit much right now lol
wow shes engaged too, thats awesome, my dog only watches 5 minutes and gets bored as hell
She happ, she blep
Did you train her to stay through the credits?
More attention span the most people I know. Lol.
I don’t know if it’s true but I heard that older TVs had a frame rate that was pretty much unwatchable for dogs. Modern TVs typically have a better frame rate and so if you feel like suddenly more dogs are watching tv, that’s why. :) 

This is super cute though, awww. <3 I love watching dogs watch tv. :p
How cute! My dog only does this to Bob Ross . . . He loooooves the sounds of the paint brush, especially after bob rinses and smacks em dry lol
Now just wait for live action remake...
She's amazing!
My cat watches that movie, too! I have a video on my phone, and she is hooked on it!
The tongue hanging out of this over the top, lol.
wait? i tought dogs couldnt see whats on the tv
I thought the No-Face in the fishbowl was your reflection recording and I got a tiny spook
The blop game is strong with this one
My cat also loves any shows narrated by Attenborough. I guess the low pitch of his voice gets their attention.
I'd spend the whole movie watching her
Taffy is absolutely adorable. She clearly is enjoying the movie
I love her!!
Wait....not everyone's dogs do this? Both of mine will watch any nature documentary with animals with intense concentration. Sometimes even approach the screen to "get at" the animals on screen. I thought this was typical for most dogs since both of mine are significantly different breeds.
And she’s smiling! So sweet!
My boy Haku watched Princess Mononoke, was pretty funny how locked in he was.
This is def r/LikeUs
Has it been proven at all that dogs can regonize and interpret drawing/cartoon versions of dogs ?

&#x200B;

I feel like they don't know that cartoon dogs are suppose to be dogs
I catch my dog watching tv all the time. Every time I do, she acts ashamed and pretends not to be watching.
My dog will only watch one movie all the way through: Disney Hercules
The only movie or show that has ever held my dog's attention for more than 2 minutes was White Fang in the beginning when he's a pup.
According to WHO dogs screen time should be limited to under an hour daily and they should be accompanied by an adult who can explain what they’re seeing.
My dog can sit down and watch tv with me the entire day if she was in the mood. I have found out she likes shows like Law and Order so I sometimes put on that and NCIS. But recently, I’ve been watching Shadowhunters because I read the series and she just sat next to me and started watching it with me.
The blep makes it even cuter
Do we know how they see it?
Does she have a favorite movie?
That's a reincarnated human for sure
My pup loves watching Shrek with me 😂
A fluffy movie watching pal...That's my kinda pup.
[Lulu the cat](https://www.flickr.com/photos/dansdata/albums/72157606900016881), who is now about 11 years old, only figured out how to watch things on screens when she was about 9.

(Cats sometimes see things on screens, and sometimes don't. I think high refresh rates help, but cats' tiny predator brains definitely don't see stuff on screens in the same way that humans do. Old CRT TV showing a nature documentary about insects? Usually no cats saw that kind of thing, except one time, one of my family's cats was TRANSFIXED by that and then squished herself behind the TV to try to find where the giant caterpillars went. And then she forgot. I've also encountered cats that freak the hell out the first time they see themselves in a mirror, and after that behave as if the mirror does not exist. There's definitely a Ph.D to be had in this.)

[Video clips like this](https://i.imgur.com/ggDQPbM.gifv), where an animal appears and then goes out of sight, make Lulu the cat very excited and cause her to dig frantically at the screen.

This has taught me that my monitor is, fortunately, unscratchable by Lulu.
I'd love to see human stuff from a dogs perspective
Is that a projector or a TV?  My husky lab mix watches either but not for super long.  Any time an animal is onscreen his hair stands up and he walks up slowly to the tv or projector and tries to look behind it to see if the animal is there.
This is the best post I’ve seen today, and don’t think I’ll located another that will top it. ❤️
My dog's name was Taffy :)
My cat likes to watch sports, so you know whatever floats their boats
Mine does this, almost, 
Just to bark at the first dog/cat/cow/horse/any animal on four leg/dog collar+tag noise/etc etc etc
Everyone it talking about what cute little movies their dog watches with them, but my girl Eris watches horror movies with me. Current favorite is the thing. She likes the dog (?) And the soundtrack.
That is an adorable blep.
That's adorable. My husky loved watching Oliver and Co.  They're really the best dogs.
Serious question, does Taffy actually comprehend what’s happening in the movie?
Beautiful girl
this dog is genius
My husky  watced the entire good bad and the ugly with me for like three hours. They really do love TV!
Adorable! Side note, I think it's more common for pets to notice that kind of stuff these days post-CRT.
She is probably so confused by the barking. . ."this script doesn't make sense."
My husky also loves watching secret life of pets
My Boston terrier goes bonkers for horses. Its embarrassing
She looks like stoner dog.
Next on the watch list Balto
My dog does the same.  Due to her loving pretectiveness we're not allowed to watch anything with :

-another dog 
-cats
-rabbits
-otters
-pigs
-anything vaguely furry

She will straight up get pissed off that another animal has entered the house and bark at them until they're off the tv.  Doesn't even matter if they're real or animated.
The "blep" in the beginning is priceless......she really seems like she likes it.
I want to smooch that snoot!
I've heard that leaps in TV technology has offered more and smoother frame rates on the TV as well as the media you are digesting. This allows the dogs to see a better more comprehensive image. So, this very well _could_ be the only dog you've met that could do this! :)
 Awwwwww cute, poppy (cat) liked watching taffy
My dog follows Game of Thrones
My dog will look at the TV once in a while, but never stays focused on it for longer than 10-20 seconds.
OMG this is SO CUTE
You should let Taffy watch Snow Dogs
That's very cute! Beautiful
That pup is a people
That tongue!
She's so sweet!!! My pomeranian, Firefox, loves watching cartoons. We leave Disney Jr on for him when we run errands. :)
My dog sees animals on tv and barks at them
How.... do I get those worms that what humans like to eat? --doggo probably.
My dog loves it on cop shows when the K-9s come out.
We have an Airedale Terrier and he does the same, although he normally loses his shit at crufts and runs out the room making a whining cry noise until he can bark outside! Glad to see it’s not just our special boi! Should be a doggy cinema
My husky will watch TV too,   but is generally only interested in things involving animals.
My dog will barely spare a glance at a TV.  I didn't know this was a thing dogs could even do.
I had an Aussie named Taffy as a kid! What a beautiful pup!
My cat liked mutual of ohmahas wild kingdom, knew the theme, attacked the screen, 1978ish.
Just gonna mention that dogs eyes refresh faster than us, so TV looks looks like flashing lights to them.
Swoon!  This makes me want a dog again so much!
But could she sit through Steel Magnolias?
That tounge! 😊
My husky also did this to the movie Alpha. I was really surprised. Very cool!
She's gorgeous, my cat loves baseball, not other sports though. He's very good at following pitches
Sooooo adorable, that blep!!
She’s gorgeous. I’d love a husky but I don’t think I could handle their personality. Give her smooches for me! Had she watched Bolt yet?
Taffy!?! That was my childhood dogs name, husky loving goofball!
I used to leave my TV on Animal Planet when I left my house for work or errands, for the benefit of 1 spoiled cat. I didn't want her to be lonely.

He favorite show was 'Big Cats'. She'd get so excited when they would roar or purr. Anything with cats dogs or chirping birds would capture her attention.
shes so pretty omg😭😭💕
Need audio please!
My one pup loves to watch tv too! I love this, so cute to see 🥰
Looks identical to my husky dog, love it
My golden only watches tv if there's horses in it 😂
I don't think I'd ever be able to watch a movie like that, I'd just be watching the pup the whole time.
How many dogs have you tried to watch this movie with?
I've had 2 dogs in my life that absolutely love(d) watching tv. 

The first one, he passed on back in 06' and was just the best boy ever. He LOVED watching tv. We sometimes left it on for him if we were going to be gone for a while because he was get up on the couch and watch it. He loved watching cartoons and anything that had a dog or cat in it. 

Once, Where the Red Fern Grows was on while we were all home and we sat together and watched it. I swear to this day, I truly believe he had some understanding of what was happening because he howled at the tv and spent 3 days not wanting to eat and just wanted to be held all day long. 

Then he just sort of snapped out of it. 

The girl we have now absolutely loves Hockey. I am pretty sure it's because she loves the sound of Mickey Redmond's voice during Redwings games. I'm the only one she will watch them with though. It's hilarious. 

At my folks old house, if my mom came out to watch the game with me, the dog would just stare at her and if she didn't get up and go watch it in her own room, our goofy girl would do this whiny bark at her, like she was telling her 'this is OUR thing, not yours.'

I've also got a cat who loves Supernatural, more specifically, I think he likes the sound of Jared Padalecki's voice
I haven't seen that movie in forever and I forgot how cute the puppy version of Lady is. All around very cute post :)
The tongue!!  So cute!! ❤️
Do we have any dog scientists here to tell me what I’m looking at? I expect a captain to come in and analyze all videos on reddit.  Does the dog actually understand and enjoy the video? If it were a different video would it be the same response? Is it the tone of the voice on the tv mixed with the colors that’s grabbing the dogs attention or is it that the rest of the “pack” (humans) are engaged in it?
My Brun loves any audiobook read my Michael Kramer. Normally doesn't like to sleep on the bed but she makes an exception for Michael Kramer.
she looks like she's very focused at that moment!
I like when Taffy does the little head turn, ‘Huh?’ 🤓
Wow that's soo cute
So cute and trained, absolutely beautiful!
My dog likes to watch sports. Mainly hockey.
H E A D  T I L T S
That tongue! 😍
Thats one hella good girl
I’ve only had one dog ever become engaged with whatever was on the TV. All the others seem to be completely oblivious.
What is that big ass fish bowl on the table???
That's a bog 'ol blop in the beginning lol.
Taffy is such a sweet name!
I had a dog named Taffy! Your Taffy is adorable.
Do dogs even recognize that it's one coherent thing or do they just sit there and continually are amazed?
I read somewhere that newer tvs are much more enjoyable to animals. The older tube tvs had a slow refresh rate and something called interlacing that was imperceptible to human vision, but dogs and cats could see and thus the tv was just random flickering noise to them.

But an HD progressive 120hz display looks more like real life to them
Taffy is so pure. Tell her she's the goodest of girls from me please!
My rabbit loves to watch TV. She's very into Top Model. Maybe Tyra inspires her?
u/VRedditDownloader
Give that dog a movie review YouTube channel
Do you tend to sit the dogs you meet down to watch a movie?
If I tried to get my dog to watch TV, she'd probably just sigh, fart and roll over. She's the oldest 2 year old dog I've ever met.
Good girl!
I love huskies. I used to have a German Shepherd that would watch TV pretty much all day. I just read recently that there's something that has to do with how their eyes send images to their brain that makes watching TV harder for them--apparently having a newish TV with a 120Hz+ refresh rate makes it easier for them to perceive movement. Really cool article on it [https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/small-animals-live-in-a-slow-motion-world/](https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/small-animals-live-in-a-slow-motion-world/)
My dog does this! She also loves watching movies, especially when there are dogs in it
I babysat a dog who loved Peeky Blinders and Game of Thrones, but wasn't interested in much else. 

I looked after another dog and while we were watching Westworld, they showed the aftermath of a massacre and she got really scared and nuzzled up to us, but soon after they panned through a close-up of a dead body and she couldn't handle it, so she ran to another room. I felt so bad for her.
very good doggo
Will get lost but are you australian? Because I saw this movie too tonight lmao
My dog pays zero attention to the TV. lol
My cat likes to watch TV but its hard to figure out what exactly interests him. I was watching a Let's Play of something the other night and he couldn't look away but some videos-for-cats never seem to catch his eye.
hahahah
[You should try The Secret Life of Pets :)](https://imgur.com/gallery/NY5m4FH)
They should make movies with dog dubs.
It is really stress reliever. I love watching  dogs all the times
Is she able to recognize the dogs on the screen?
She watches movies better than my girlfriend
Both my dogs watch TV/ movies with me. They don't like horror movies, but love action movies. I would really love to know what is going through their minds, so adorable.
She is so adorible!
I have a 1 yr old husky, he's cute but not like yours!
How cute:)
My car was watching marvel movies with me last week.
Sweet pup
This is a very special dog. I hope I can find one like her. She looks so chill.
My dog couldn’t even look himself in the mirror and stay entertained for more than a few second 😂😭

He was a Miniature Schnauzer
My kitty was like this with mr Rogers neighborhood back in the day
When my puppy is being bad I’ll put a movie on and he sits and watches the entire thing.
Don't watch all day sweetie, it'll rot your brain
huskys: proof that the best of us reincarnate as dogs♡♡♡
Isn't this so precious. She is absoutely beautiful and adorable
Blep
She’s a silly goose
My husky may have looked at the tv but never watched it. Its like she couldn't see it at all.
My dog also is a full movie watcher - these are some of her favorites:

- 101 Dalmatians (live action)
- Jurassic Park (all)
- Benji
- Dogs with Jobs
- Airbud/Airbuddies
- Planet Earth

JP really gets her going - she’ll pant really fast and hold on to the couch whenever the dinosaurs are onscreen. I think she believes they’re real since we watch totally normal animal shows together.
My cats only bother watching when bird videos are on the screen
I would bet if you did spirit screen of her watching movies and documentaries you could get some major viewers on youtube.  It would be just fantastic to see her reactions for a long period of time.
I swear dogs are evolving to live with humans.
Please tell me you call her taffy cause of her tongue sticking out haha it legit looks like a piece of taffy
Is it just me, or do Huskies just have the biggest personalities lol
I have a havanese that will watch TV and movies with me, she is obsessed. Also when a dog or animal comes on she loses her mind, lol
Uhhh how many times have you watched this movie with “other” dogs?
My cat used to watch Game of Thrones with me.
My dog sat through an entire episode of David Attenborough’s Our Planet. He was absolutely glued.

He sat up when the lions came on and looked at me like, “Are you seeing this?!! Look how big that cat is!!”
That looks like my Roxy
My cat only sat and watched one movie with the same interest: Cloverfield
this is incredibly special ♥️
Movie blep
My sheltie does the same! He loves nature documentaries and cartoons. He watched the entirety of Mr. Popper's Penguins once!
The spaghetti scene is basically hentai for her
Haha :) she's got a lot of patience!!!
Dogs are evolving.
r/blep
Looking for spaghetti, he loves that scene!
Your dog is a cyborg sent from the future to assassinate someone. Its artificial mind cant comprehend movies from this time period. Be very careful when you sleep.
She's awesome!
I had a cat that would watch NASCAR, then run around the side of the TV to catch the cars where they were supposed to come out.
Huskies are soooooo smart!
So cute
This is awesome.  That head tilt is adorable.  My dog's favorite movie is the jungle book but only the part with the wolves.  She doesn't have the same attention span.
Aww. I want a dog like that!!

And what is in the bowl on the table? Looks like Jack or No Face? Or am I just imagining it?
This is solid r/mlem material right here.
/u/VredditDownloader
BLINK DOGGY!
Show her Fox and the Hound
plot twist: dog wrote this about the only human who can watch the whole movie
I had a cat that would watch costume dramas. No joke, he wouldn't watch any other shows or movies, but a Jane Austen adaptation? He was in.
It’s crazy! I’ve heard a lot of dogs just can’t see the TV... something about artificial depth and the colors or whatever. My aunt’s dog Jax will sit in bed with her and watch South Park (his favorite show) and when there’s a commercial with Minions in he’ll hop around and bark. Yet her two other dogs don’t react to the TV at all.
It makes you wonder how much they understand.
The only movie my dog will watch is Homeward Bound. I don’t blame her, it’s a good movie.
My father's Scottish Terrier would do this if there were dogs on tv.  I remember he watched all of Milo and Otis once.  He only left the room at one point and was back in a moment and spit a whole bunch of his dog food out of his mouth on to the floor and laid down and ate and watched... the dog had gotten him self a snack....
I wish every animal did this
She's beautiful and adorable!
My youngest dog (Muñeco) loves to watch toddler cartoons. Only time he ever sits down is when I put something on for him on the TV.
r/blep
This is the cutest good girl.
I used to have a jack russell terrier that was enamored with the tv every time a horse came on screen
Part of the reason why you see more and more dogs who like to watch the TV now days is due to the higher refresh rates. Older TVs with low refresh rates made it so dogs couldnt really see what was going on.
Our dog Duke likes watching movies but his favorite is 101 Dalmatians
My kitten is a big fan of nature documentaries and watching us play video games.
My dog turns into a total ragdoll when we're watching tv.
Isn't it funny how this characteristic, being able to engage and recognise what is going on on the screen to the extent they become absorbed, is without a doubt a characteristic of intelligence for a dog, but for a human it would indicate the exact and total opposite.
The derpy tongue!
Such a derp 🙂
My first cat was named taffy, until we realized *she* was actually a *he* and now he's tuffy.
My first dog was named Taffy, I miss that pup:(
This movie is like a doggo Twilight. She's dreaming of her own potential romance, here.
Lol that dog is funny
My husky also LOVES watching movies. :)
I had heard that you need like an uhdtv or 4k for dogs to see an interest in it. Something to do with frame rates cause otherwise it looks like real crappy stop motion. I doubt this has any bearing if truth, but maybe there is Something to it.
My dog used to do the same thing with black and white movies. Particularly ones featuring Dean Martin.
I always thought that dogs are unable to see what’s happening on the TV, like you know how the display made out of RGB (red green blue) lil nodes in the screen and that dogs are color blind etc...

I’m just curious, the husky in the video on the other hand melts my heart tho, she’s soo sweet!
r/husky
Wow! This is the most adorable thing ever !
I need Taffy to come over for movie night.
Omg that is the fvcking cutest
I wish I had an animal who could watch tv with me that would be soooo cool.
My dog does this too!
r/blop
Taffy is more well behaved than most 10-year-olds in the cinemas. Can I have her for my Detective Pikachu movie night next week?
my dog doesn't even want to look at the tv, or laptop, or any kind of monitor/light source
Well of course she can. Everyone wants to see a proper love story. She's adorable.
How's  the movie?
What other movies does she like?
She's loving it
You'll know she liked it if she runs off with a stray mutt and you find then behind an Italian restaurant.
Oh my gosh!, Oh that head turn. 😍😃🙃❤👏😲
Thank You for sharing, I needed this morning. 
i didn't know this would be the "pick me up". 
Too much adorableness..
My chi loves Our Planet, lol she barks at the tigers and literally just sits there and watches everything...like with us, next to us, totally engrossed..it was fascinating lol and adorable.
I'd like to hug your dog.
My dogs name is taffy too!!
My girls will do this at night when my parents are watching tv and I’m at work
Dogs and cats have bad
Vision it would of been mostly a blur to her.
Does she have a Letterboxd account so I can follow her?
My Boston did this when we watched Secret Life of Pets, it was so cute! I missed a lot of the movie because I was watching her instead haha. I love dogs so much, ugh.
Omg she’s so cute
That couch is so clean, not a hair of fur in sight
I can introduce you too my dog Winston, he hated Daniel Tiger with a passion. He would literally sit there and watch him with hatred in his eyes. Not sure why but yeah.
I love Taffy! ❤️
That's adorable!
My dog likes parts of star wars. He really gets confused and interested when R2D2 “talks” (beeps). He also enjoys the light saber fights.
She needs a tub of popcorn
Blep
Beautiful dog!
My pomeranian does this. He will sit and watch certain movies all the way through with the occasional glance over to mum n dad. If he's scared he snuggles up and pushes his body into me.. 😊 Gorgeous dog BTW.
So cute! Closest my pets have gotten to this was when my cat got interested in a bird documentary for a few minutes. My old dog would react to dog noises on TV but that was it.
Made me lol
Show her Zootopia next
#DERPTONGUE

I LOVE HER
I always wonder what is going on in their heads when they tilt a little bit right and left. 

Very cute.
I bet she can understand the movie.
I had a greyhound who was a breeder. She would watch dog videos (though not as intently). But we watched Lady and the Tramp and at the part where the dogs were in the pound, she started whining and brought toys to the TV.
My puppy rewatches Madagascar. When he hears the start he comes running into his playroom to watch. (Yes, he has an entire playroom)

He is scared of the Angry Birds movie
Cuuuute!!!! 🤗💖😍❤ very pretty doggie!!!!
First time I’ve seen another dog named Taffy. My Taffy would just sleep through the whole thing.
The blep! ❤
I have a cat that will watch wildlife documentaries with me, particularly anything narrated by David Attenborough.
it was that smile, that damn smile
Mine watches Zootopia and the Jungle Book (the one with all the cgi) but she can't sit through anything else.
Smh my dog just look at his phone the whole time
Now try ice age! The little squirrel guy is a fav for my dog
Awwwww!!! So cute!!!!
My pupper Milo gets really happy when he can see Sam on I Am Legend, and of course gets sad when she passes.
r/Blep
I wonder what she’s thinking.
That blop is cute man
That tongue!
Huskies are my faves. So beautiful and consistently so derpy haha
What a good girl! 🥰 my kids can’t even do that half the time lol
My dog will watch football with me. For some reason only when NYG plays. I don’t get how or why he knows. Maybe it’s my body language or something. 

He will not watch any other tv shows. Not even animal planet.
Looks like this dog found his twin [HERE](http://lomotif.com/video/#item=yelling-dog).
I would be so tempted to disturb the boi, like spear hug
Those little smiles are too precious
*blep*
That's just too cute :)  I am jealous of all the people getting thousands of likes on their posts,  I want it too lol
r/mlem for sure.
My cats will actually watch hockey with me, but they look nowhere near as cute as Taffy does. Not to mention, they’ll jump off of me and attack the puck on the screen like once a game.
What a beautiful doggie!!
I wonder what her interpretation of the film is!
Ughhh this is how my husky looks when she sits down to watch Game of Thrones with me
Try “bolt” next! It’s a great dog movie!
You can adjust your tv settings to make it easier for your dog to watch!!!
...My dog barks and howls whenever he sees a dog on TV. Makes it hard to watch shows and movies with dogs in them.
This doll in your glass thingy reeaaally scares me... Oh god.. I hate dolls
Normally I would say a dog is a perfect movie companion because they won't keep trying to talk during it...but this is a husky we are talking about.
One word - awwww
What a beautiful creature!
🤣
:b
I love that her name is Taffy!! Especially when her tongue is out like that 😂❤️❤️
So adorable 💕💕
My dog just fals asleep whenever hes next to me we can chill like that for hours
My dog also does this. Watched the whole planet earth series with us. Watches any movie with an animal in it, even cartoon animals. Has reactions of interest and fear when scary animals are on the screen. Pretty funny and fascinating.
Show Taffy Balto.
Our German Shepherd will do the same thing, head tilt and all, but she'll also talk to the TV, and bark if there's doggies on there she finds interesting. :D Sometimes, I want to know exactly what she's thinking, lol
My step-daughter's husky Miah does this for sports. Mainly Football, soccer and hockey. cutest thing
Particularly sweet considering that Lady and the Tramp starts by saying it's dedicated to all dogs (be they Ladies or Tramps) c:
Sign of a freakishly smart Einstein dog...
that is the most adorable thing I've seen in a very long time. the tongue kills me.
Does that dog like, EVER blink?!
The only time my dog was ever interested in the TV was one time a while ago when it was skipping. He walked up to the TV and started growling at it...
My dog will watch “The Incredible Journey” “Homeward Bound” or anything narrated by David Attenborough
My wife has lesser attention for a movie than Taffy! 🙄
She recognizes animated puppies???  That's one of the sweetest things I have ever seen.
That is so adorable.  My kitty likes the movie Alpha.
She looks so fascinated!!! 😭💖
This is so cute I want to cry. daawww.
thats a stream on twitch I would watch in its entirety :)
Our dog was totally captivated by Isle of Dogs. I recommend trying that out!
/r/blop
This is really neat.
One of us. One of us.
She looks so cute and elegant. Say “ i love you” and kiss her for me please.
Do that dog (and yourself!) a favor and watch Isle of Dogs. It's an amazing  movie, and bonus points if you're already a Wes Anderson fan.
*Blep*
My two Collies recently sat through Lassie Come Home with me.  Cutest thing, I’m sure they liked seeing their likeness on tv lol
My TV can be on fire and my dog wouldn’t give a shit
Taffy is the best name, and if she ever wants to get hitched, my GSD Diego is also a television addict.  He watches the dang news as well.
ADORABLE
Good doggo needs popcorn!
Omg that’s so adorable ❤️ my husky will never keep still through a movie.
I just read something like a year ago that talks about how only recently the technology in TVs has got to the point where dogs are able to actually see and watch what is happening on the screen. I don't remember 100% but I think it had to do with the refresh rates of the TVs. Before it would just appear as lines on the TV for the dogs. Have you ever looked at a computer/TV screen with a recording device? I guess it was similar to that for them. 

PS: Taffy is adorable.
The absolute cutest.
My dog sits in front of the TV and cries till we turn it on for her. She will sit and watch TV all day if we let her.
*HER TOUNGE!*
r/blep
Omg the cuteness....its....too much......help
Shown her Star Wars yet?
My girl husky does the same thing every time she watches Bolt
Shouldn't she blink occasionally? (Although even humans dry their eyes by looking at a screen for too long.)
Aww 💟
BLOP
That's adorable.
object permanence.
My dog has started to watch TV a little usually whenever I'm watching nature stuff.  He is kinda old now so I think he might just be staring through the tv
How many dogs have you attempted to watch movies with?
Personally I’m not really into The Walking Dead anymore, it’s crazy but my cat fucking loves that show. I think the dude is pumped for the apocalypse.
We recently got a bigger tv and a wall mount. Ever since we put it up our Husky just sits on the couch watching whatever we’re watching. It’s so odd
That's so cool that your dog likes TV! I try with my Maltese puppy and he only looks for a few seconds before losing interest. My senior cat on the other hand..
My pug/pekingese mix Ollie watches Gordon Ramsay shows while I'm at work. He particularly loves Kitchen Nightmares.
The head tilts tell us the dog's confused by what she's seeing.  The fact that she finds this endlessly fascinating though, tells us she kinda understands she's watching other dogs.  Weird ghost dogs that don't smell like dogs, and appear on the magic picture box that only ALPHA can command, but dogs nonetheless.
You should show her balto!
THE TONGUE BLEP THOUGH OH GOD BE STILL MY HEART I LOVE HER
/r/Blop
My cat watches Watership Down! She would show up and sit on the corner of the bed completely in to the bunnies and birds.
The cuteness is killing me.
OMG I absolutely melted. What a cutie!
I find it so fascinating when animals do this. I wonder why some do and some couldn’t care less. Whether it’s their reflection in a mirror or something like this—watching tv.
She was looking at one of her humans like, “where’s my spaghetti, huh? where?”
My cat likes to watch Supernatural with me! Only show she watches lol
I don't think my dog is smart enough to watch TV and understand what it is. :(
Honestly huskies are one of the most interesting breeds out there. Such expressive dogs they are.
Mlem
The moment I knew the first cat we got was MY cat was when I was watching Scott Pilgrim vs the World and she is sitting there watching it. This and when I went to get a cookie out of a container and she kept swatting my hands away. I watched her push it off the table so she can get one out. I was so proud.
Dat derp face tho... (so cute)
The only time my dog has ever cared about the television was Guardians of the Galaxy. And she watched the entire thing from the title card to the end. Didn't particularly care about it until colorful lasers started happening.
we have a 2 mutts, a cocker mix and a blue heeler mix will watch any show with animals on it. DirecTV has a "Dog" channel. its just videos of dogs being dogs. if the heeler is being mischievous we will put it on and the 2 will sit there and watch TV until we turn it off
I would have watched this for 90 minutes or however long the movie is
I really think dogs can identify cartoon dogs as dogs, which is amazing to me. My Boston reacts to animated dogs.
Relatable characters
*blep*
My dogs does that too! She loves TV and whatched all of Harry Potter series already. :D  
We also leave tv on for her when we are going to stay for too long outside.
Love it!!! My dog can do the same thing. He loves watching tv with me
I need karma
Is that Adrian Pimento on your couch?
Where are my testicles Summer?
Oh my fluffin goodness that is the cutest thing ever!  That blep is too much!
“Wtf? That’s not how you eat spaghetti!”
My dog used to watch Paw Patrol like this!
She's just really enjoying the fim^^
There's a kids book called Children of the Lamp. There are two dogs in that book that constantly watch the tv, but it turns out they're like... Actual human uncles to the protagonists that got turned by someone into dogs.

Every time I see a dog watch tv I think about that book and wonder if that dog is actually just a human.
I need more of this. Preferably with audio. YOU SHOULD SHOW HER HORROR TRAILERS AND SEE IF SHE REACTS LIKE THAT ONE DOG!
Taffy looks like a good movie watching partner.
What a about this [cool item](https://imgur.com/a/LT5cL3j) ?
The head tilt...I love Taffy.
Great now we will have dogs that are tv hogs that we need to kick outside and play.
:p
Are you married to Zach Galifianakis?
My dog has the same derpy tongue when he's inquisitive about something.
That mlem tho
Now show her all dogs go to heaven, homeward bound, and airbud
Not to be dramatic or anything, but I’d die for taffy
My boy does the same thing whenever I'm watching a documentary with any kind of big cat in it. Its about the only time he sits still for more than five minutes!
Every thanksgiving my little Yorkie would plop down and watch the dog show with us (and often bark).

One night we were flipping through the channels, and there was an old-ish movie with a wolf in it. He was mesmerized. I came to find out it was White Fang. I wasn't even that interested, but he was, so I left it on, and he watched the whole darn thing.
My dog will watch videos with me or watch me game. I'm sure he just enjoys being with me and is confused on the sights and sounds but I appreciate the company he brings.
Blep
Taffy: "god damn those other dogs are living it up right now"
omg this is so cute
Oh man that blep and head tilt is adorable!
That is cute!
Awww
I wish my girlfriend could sit through and watch an entire movie
My 3 dogs would sit and watch Bolt. They were mesmerised and really got in to the action scenes!!
Our Guinea pigs put up a fuss when my husband paused Sopranos to go to the bathroom.  They stopped when he got back and pressed play.  They both like to sit in their cages, eat hay like it's popcorn, and watch tv with us.
I WISH my husky had this kind of attention span, I can’t even get him so sit still long enough for me to brush him.
God, please don’t make her watch Fox and the Hound or Where the Red Fern grows :((((
My favorite `joke` from The Isle of Dogs was when the one dog was like "oh, she understands tv" about that one dog who knew what the humans were doing
My golden retriever used to watch Homeward Bound.
BLEP!
I had a tortoise shell cat that would watch Star Wars. She would hear the intro music for the credits and run out from other rooms just to sit on the foot of my bed or on the couch and watch the whole thing. She liked the light saber battles.
Your pupper is adorable. I love how absolutely engaged she looks. Does she watch anything else with this much interest?
So I’ve found my pup has a keen interest in basketball. He actually does the exact same thing while I’m watching the NBA playoffs
Taffy is a great name
So cute! My cocker spaniel could never. She gets very annoyed anytime she sees other animals on the tv and barks until we change the channel.
r/mlem
Now that's a happy and curious dog if I ever seen one.
I would die for this dog.
My dog only watches real housewives and the Kardashians.
r/mlem
Hopeless romantics
What?  No popcorn?  

What kind of hooman are you?
How many times have you tried, or seen a dog try to watch the whole movie?
She is lusting after the tramp
r/blop
Blep
Mlemmer + head tilt = CONTENT. PURE FUCKING CONTENT.
[Vertical Video Syndrome - A PSA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dechvhb0Meo)
She’s so pretty!
My dog is not interested in TV, however one of our cats is obsessed with English premier league football.  We will put it on weekend mornings and she goes crazy watching and chasing after the ball.
That's so cute! Both my dogs like one of our newscasters and one of them seems to really like Dan Abrahms. They don't watch this intently though!
Peluca hair so nice
My dog loves watching Turner and Hooch. We started playing it while she was dead asleep. The dog barking on the TV woke her up and she ended up watching the whole movie.
Cute, now film her watching the spagetti scene
The blep. My soul is warming.
That derp face oh my god so precious
My husky LOVES to watch T.V. Blue Planet is his favorite.
Copystriked by Disney /s
What's her favorite movie ?
Holy crap this is the cutest thing I’ve seen all week
I could watch that dog watching that movie for hours...
Is it because the movie has dogs? Or does she like other movies too?
My dog does that but only for live action movies and Avatar: the last Airbender
Not mentioning the blep in the title is like adding a special surprise bit of adorableness to an already adorable post
The head tilt of comprehension..lol
Really... the ENTIRE movie?

Or is that an exaggeration?

I’m expecting salty people to downvote but it’s a serious question not a facetious one.
Aw
This will be the most upvoted post on this sub
I had a dog a few years back who would watch the discovery channel, anything with big cats were always his favorite. Not like this though, he would always try to look behind the tv.

My favorite thing that he would do though? He cried at Diamond Dog in Metal Gear Solid 5, anytime I would pick my partner he would jump at the tv when DD came on. He would shriek when DD would go in for the kill.
How are you gonna post this with no sound?
Super cute derp.
Any dogologists in here?  Is the dog actually watching the movie, or just thinks "oh a moving doggo like me..."
Like my cat and any movie with animals in it
I love Taffy!!!!!
AWWWW❤!!!!!
SO CUTE
My dog does this too, Secret Life of Pets is his favorite!
Taffy, what a great name
There should be programs designed JUST for dogs shouldn't there. Like when you're leaving the house for an hour or something.
I love Taffy. 
I would die for Taffy.
Makes me wonder how she interprets such content
“I want spaghetti.”
Husky tongue.
My chi watches MotoGP races! I don’t even watch them. Just came in one day and he sat through the whole race.
My corgi watched Balto as a puppy, and now he's prejudiced against ALL huskies.
The "perma-blep" combine with the occasional thoughtful head tilts is painfully adorable.
r/Mlem
I wish my dog did the same. Instead he just barks at everything
Mine will absolutely sit through a movie.  I can't even attempt to watch something like Lady & the Tramp, though - he charges the TV any time a dog or horse shows up.
R/animalsbeingderps
Our dog doesn't give a shit about the TV, but the cat will sit and watch cartoons with the kids.
How can i upvote it 100x
A wild pack of dogs barking like crazy on TV - my dog: nothing to see here
A dog barks miles away you almost don't notice - My dog: OH MY DOG WHAT IS GOING ON ??
I spy NoFace
That tounge
Girls and chick flicks. They all love a good romance story.
r/letterD
big tongue doe
TIL, Taffey is not normal.
It must be like watching a foreign language film with no subtitles
r/blep
She's one of a kind, definetly.
My dog freaks out about every single character on TV screen... It's sometimes hard to watch
My family dog does that around 7 every night he gets on the couch for family TV time and if were even a minute late he throws a fit.
Adorable!!!
My dog watches tv so hard and barks at all animals.
That. Is SO CUTE. My dog likes to watch TV, but only for a little while and only if there are dogs or other animals on the screen.
That blep... ❤️
I once caught my cat watching an entire episode of Krypto the Superdog
She's beautiful.
r/belp
I had a kitten that sat on my toddler's lap for the entire Finding Nemo movie.
This post was the most upvoted post across all of Reddit on May 3rd, 2019!

^(I am a bot for )^[/r/toppostoftheday](/r/toppostoftheday) ^( - Please report suggestions/concerns to the mods.)
I had a foster kitten that loved the Olympics and Golden Girls.
Wow-she is adorable!!
What an attention span!!!
She even blessed us with a blep!
Huskys r the BEEEEEST
Another reddit post covered this cool fact. With HDTV dogs can now actually see the images on the tv, before they weren't able to make out what was playing! Awesome seeing them react :D

&#x200B;

[https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3pwku4/til\_that\_dogs\_have\_only\_recently\_been\_able\_to/](https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3pwku4/til_that_dogs_have_only_recently_been_able_to/)
I can die tomorrow!  That has to be the sweetest thing ever!!
#Praise be to the newest Champion of Reddit, u/Erodoriel!

[Let us not forget the Champions of yore...](https://www.reddit.com/r/ChampionsOfReddit/)
I love this so much.
I WANT YOUR DOG
My black lab goes crazy anytime there's any sort of animal on TV. Like he's trying to protect us.
That no face tripped me out for so long.. I thought you were wearing it’s mask but then I realized it’s inside the glass
Wow she's so in to it. My dogs just bark at raccoons in the backyard tree.
Pretty, preciousness!!!!
My first dog was Taffy. She died 10 years ago, on February 14, when I was in second grade.
Your dog is more cartoony than the movie
Aw I had a golden retriever named Taffy. She was the sweetest. Passed away about 3 years ago now. Your doggo is precious
Cute 😅
