i got new kitten and my cat fricken hates him
Has your cat had kittens before?  Because she (?) is holding the new one just like the pictures we see on here of the mamas holding their new kittens.
That's absolutely adorable!
Why isn't this a 1hr video?
So precious, what beautiful kitties!
We started out with two cats, one male, one female, and in classic cat fashion, they absolutely refused to have anything to do with each other. At one point, our boy escaped the house and went MIA for six weeks. Thinking that he was gone for good, we adopted another male cat, and in true "If you replace something that you have lost, the original object will immediately resurface" fashion, Original Cat returned about a week after we got New Cat. OG and NC immediately commenced to act like long-lost lovers, even though they had never previously met. A few months later, we spontaneously adopted a kitten, and OC and NC immediately commenced to treat Baby Cat like he was their long-awaited bundle of joy. A year later, OC, NC and BC are still happy family while Princess Kitty treats them like they've all got some sort of smelly and highly contagious disease.
Instant best friends for life!
Made my day :’)
Just what I always wanted. My own little kitty cat. I will name him George, and I will hug him and pet him and squeeze him...
"Come, smol ginger one. I shall teach you the ways of Cat. Firstly, we slumber, so that we are well rested as we plot our domination of the hooman food slaves. Closer... I need snuggles."
That's now her baby.
I didn’t made dis. 

But dis mine nao.
[deleted]
This is so awesome to see. I'd like to know more about how this came to be, like how long it took for your big pussycat to welcome the little kitten, if there was any conflict on arrival, etcetera.
How does a baby cuddling a smaller baby kitten not have gold yet?!
If I hugs tight enough I steals it’s color
My cat just backed the new kitten into a corner next to the washer and mocked it as it cried all night.
That kitten look way to young to be away from its mother.
She was lonely
So sweet!
This is precious. My cats all hated each other when we got them
I got a new kitten and my cat wouldn't let me touch him for three weeks.
So sweet... please keep us posted as they get older together!
When you get your pet a pet.
Aww she looks so in love and happy
Sad I can’t like this more than once.
“Thankyou hooman for my fuzzy cuddle bean”
How did it go when introducing them? I have a 7 yr old cat and wanted to get a younger cat (probably not a kitten) so she's got a buddy.

She's pretty chill in terms of temperament. Quite playful too. I was always debating in adding another to the home.
This is the greatest shit I've ever seen.
We don’t deserve cats
Aaaand we need more!
I just realised cats don't have eyelashes
what great little guys.
I’m a dog person but this warms my heart
Hello, I’d like to subscribe to pictures of these two
Please tell me she/he never let go
awwwwwww!!!! Omg that’s sooooo precious!!!!!
This post wins the internet
Everyone loves a snuggle buddy.
Aww baby gingercat!! Please share more at /r/gingercats.
My mom adopted a 2 month old and my oldest (female) hated the kittens entire being. My youngest (male) became best friends, taught the kitten how to do things, and cleaned the kitten. 

We call my male, Mama Zeus.
I wish I had someone to cuddle me like this
Someone get that kitten's kitten a kitten!
Your cat wins the internet today!
Lovely cuddles
My heart ❤️
/r/dogs_getting_dogs (it's for any animal)
Dawww

My cat loved our new kitten more than her own son. Lol (past tense because he's no longer new or a kitten).
Soooo cute! They are buddies!
That is the cutest thing ever ever!
Yup, Besties for life..
Awe
My heart just melted.
I too own a cat. It's black.
Omg!!  Such a cute!!
What you have here is an Instagram account.
Awwww
So cutttte
Little spoon. Immediately.
This is mine. This is mine now. I'm keeping it.
Well,.... anything you buy belongs to the cat, including your house.
Your cat has a new kitten, you are the best people ever! Awwwww!
When my cat hugs my hand like this I know I am about to get some back leg kicks 😂
That is the cutest darn thing I've ever seen! This is why cats are so cool!
[deleted]
u/spartaincow88
Oh man. That so great. You made one happy cat. She will grow up happy and loved! :)
This is the greatest pic ever.
Aww, this picture just warms my heart. So cute.
Cute
That's good for yours.
This is too precious.  

Reddit catnip!
Precious!
Awe!!
More pls. Updates.
Holy cuteness!!!!
absolutely incredible!!!
I love them omg
Awww that's adorable
I think your cat accepts the kitten
Awwwwww!!!
Aww!!! I’m dying!!!!!
i made a noise, it was like my soul was melting away
Soooo sweet. 😍
Who’s cutting onions
Oh wowwwwwww. This is soooo adorable.
so cute
are they strangers? not the same family it looks? hoomans should learn about it.
This is what I imagined a Neopets petpet was like.
how is this legal??
This is beyond purrfect
This is the best thing I’ve seen, ever!
That's just so precious! ❤️
I CAN NOT.
epic gamer cat
This warmed my chilly little heart. Good job!
Awwwww they're Adorable!
Love is limitless
got any more pics
Omg
Aww that is too precious <3
Ahhhhh
Makes me so happy 😍
Finally something that actually belongs here
You will be quite happy with your smol ginger bean. r/orangecats are notorious for being cuddly and loving! You have 2 beautiful kitties! 🥰
That is very cute and adorable. 13/10 best kitty 😤😤
So cute😿
This is a picture of pure contentment.
Omg
I assume they aren’t both female.
Same thing happened to me.  I adopted a street cat.  No pets allowed at my apartment, at the time, so I would smuggle the kitten to and from work.  One day, I'm checking on my cat, who runs freely at work, and found him sleeping in my car, with another cat.  But that cat was feral so it I didn't think much of it.  But after a week of them sleeping together and playing all the time, I trapped it in my car, took it home, and now my cat has a cat.  :)

My cat's cat won't let me pet her or anything and hisses at me all the time.  But over the years, it stopped running and hiding.  :)
We have two cats who did the exact same thing. <3
That's so adorable 🤗.
Are cats more to bond with same sex or opposite?Like i know dogs are best at opposite  male and female but how does it go with cats?
This is the cutest thing I've seen all day. Bless you. 😻
Your cat is adorable. I got a kitten and my cat was more annoyed than normal.
Did I save this photo or did this photo save me
My heart is melting
Wow that’s amazing. Usually cats are assholes to each other if they’ve grown alone and it takes weeks to get them cool with each other. I know personally my cat will never be able to live with another pet of any kind (not even fish... yes we tried) but he is also an old, territorial Maine coon, so I’m sure that has an effect. How adorable and sweet.
That's soooooooo freaking cute!!
"C'mere kiddo - I've gotta teach you everything I know."
Why cant my cats be like that
Its *ours* now boys.
Ive been kind of thinking of getting a kitten, but i dont know how my two 10 yr old kitties would feel about it.
I’m dying
I think I have a serious obsession for kittens.
And pugs.
And puppies.
And oh my god someone pls gimme hugs.
And pizza.
Aw very cute
Aww
I wish my cats were this nice with eachother.
OMG, that is freaking beautiful.
Adorable overload!
Oh my god this is so cute, and you know they are going to grow up being the absolute best of friends
This is the cutest thing I've ever seen
The rabbit kicks come soon!
Adorbs!
Mine potat.
r/catsgettingcats ?
Lol you have a kitten now you know
Omg!!!! Stawp!!!! I can't look directly at this
loving sisters, brothers, no binary kittens.
Wish Oasis and April were like this, April hates Oasis
You got to be kitten me!
This is adorable. Thank you for making my day a little happier.
Too precious! Mustve been the cutest thing to stumble across :)
🥰🥰🥰
Soooo cute 😺😺
cat love is above all..
This reminds me of my oldest boy cat, Linx. For some reason (after getting neutered), he often takes on a fatherly role with kittens I've taken in. Even fosters, and I think he's particularly taken with orange kitties because hes close with my one of my orangies, Little Foot and the other orangey,Bitty, used to be super close with him as a kitten until he got kinda grumpy with his personal space. I also had an orange foster kitten a year or so ago and would find Linx cuddling with him. 

It's really adorable but I always wondered why he would take them under his wing...and usually when they get older, he pushes them away (like a mom cat would do), except with Little Foot. Cats are always surprising me. 😊
Oh my fucking god this is the cutest thing I've ever seen in my whole goddamn life
Too cute!
So freaking cute!
Thanks hooman for my new sibling. I love this kitten!
r/FloofyPals
It's just so wonderful!
Awwww!!
Why are kittens so adorable
I’m having a bad day and this is exactly what I needed to feel better.  Thanks OP.  

(For the record, nothing to worry about, just a run of the mill bad day is all)
this made my heart melt
So sweeeeet 😍😭
This is on the level of gay swans cuteness.
Awww so cute
nice cat
Shit, now we got two Killer Queens!
I'd give that cat whatever it wants. Too ridiculously cute !
So cute!
I wish I could have cats that get along like this.
so cute.
Had a tough week. Needed to see this. Thanks.
What an adorable  picture of love in action!
This guy knows everything about cats,he's amazing 😻 Jackson Galaxy,The Cat Whisperer!l hope that it helps anybody,it did me and my  clowder.🤗
https://i.redd.it/snrdztg2jhzy.jpg
Adorable
Omg too cute !
Team.
Adorable overload...
I'm on a work trip for five days, I'm not even *there yet,* I'm in my layover and now i miss my cats 😩
SO! FREAKING! CUTE!
This is the cutest thing ever!
This is amazing, congrats.  I wish my cats got along half this well.
S
Love how accepting your cat is to the new kitten! When I brought a kitten home I rescued it took 2 weeks before my cat I already had started to be nice!
Vibrating warmth.
Hopefully my cat will love the new kitten if I get another!
r/blessedimages
 So adorable! I wish my cats got along with each other like this ;P
My mother has this 4lb fluff ball that played mother cat to the second to last pair of kittens she got. Was comical watching him try to carry them around when they weighed more than he did.
That is a top tier cuddle... guaranteed heart melt!
Love is beautiful.
<3 <3 <3 !
Is your cat female?
Holy shit. This is worth thinking about on many levels. Enjoy.
More pics please. Like maybe a whole album or an instagram dedicated to these cute kittens.
This is just more than precious! Bonus cuddle puddle,  curled feetsie, and beans!
How lovely! 🥰
This looks less like a kitten and a cat and more like a kitten being held by a slightly bigger kitten
Omfg
That’s freakin’ adorable.
Looks like a bby Newfie
I was listening to fucking silhouette when I saw this. I’m not crying, your crying.
Is....this a gif? I swear it seems like I'm seeing the gentle movements a cat's body makes while breathing while asleep. 

Source: Am professional cat bed when we visit my aunt.
Omg
CMFEO!
Cute!!!!
Hugging his new kitten :D
It's like they found each other.... "It's you!" "It's YOU!!" "Now we can finally rest..."
Durbdnslisdbdfbfmflficudnakxjcyvyxbslsk....

Just died from cute overload
I just sent the upvotes from 79.9k to 80.0k, so you could say I'm having a pretty good day.
Ow my heart.
Question to cat owners: do cats purr to each other in such situations where they like each other? Like, would/could this cat purr while hugging the kitten?
So nice
My cat just had a kitten and her older daughter does this! It's so sweet >_<
i want 2 cats. i dont have any cats.
Aweeeeeeeeee <3
People who hate cats have clearly never seen a nice cat and a kitten be together.
Ugh those whiskers and pinky paws... I just wanna kiss em 3000
This is too precious!
This is the cutest thing I've ever seen! How adorable. : )
Nothing does better with salt & pepper than a little ginger.
Man i can't deal with this level of cuteness, my heart is melting
I almost can't stand it, they're too sweet. We don't deserve them
Can't updoot enough
My heart is gushing 😍
That kitten is so fucking cute! 😍
Sure did, so adorable
They are both kittens.
My cat Sasquatch was a year old when we got his brother Ziggy. We were going to separate them for a few days and gradually introduce them but Sasquatch was like OPEN THE DOOR. He came in and saw this tiny, scrawny runt of a kitten and was like stand back boys. From that day on Sassy was a paw paw. Now Ziggy is twice as fat as Sasquatch and they love each other very, very much.

It's a blessing!
Ahem : Awww. Ok thank you.
Your tuxedo cat looks so much like mine, I had to take a minute to realize this wasn’t my post
So sweet! Why do cats like to sleep on necks? Mine does this to me and seems perpetually disappointed by my lack of fur
Criminally cute and adorable, now I cannot see through my watering eyes, thanks a bunch :)
Look so adorable. 
Doesn't take much to say your cat already loves its' kitten.
So cute!
Now I want a mew kitten. Oprah, please?
Hi
AWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
This is absolutely beautiful
This is fluffdorable!
Aww this melts my heart
This is so precious.
I want to curl up and lay with them.
I was so worried when we got a new kitten my cat would hate him. We tried my mom’s suggestions for introducing cats to each other and it worked. Or maybe we just got lucky, either way I’m so happy. They’re both full grown now and the best of friends. Eat, play and nap together.
aww, the bigger one also looks very young, like a teenager
Awww
MOAR PICS PLZ!!!
That’s a big ass Dalmatian.
1. Your adult cat looks tiny 

2. That kitten looks way too young to have been received as a pet
Where did the kitten come from?
1.) shove sleeping new cat into sleeping old cat's arms 


2.) cats stay asleep because that's what sleeping cats do


3.) karma
