How to get a cat to use a bed you bought: put it on the roof.
Some people confused about pillow falling to the roof. Here is wider angle https://imgur.com/a/wPUg2JD
there’s a ball there for entertainment as well !
Looks like r/stolendogbeds can shut it all down now, we've found the ultimate.
Can you drop a blanket too ?
Finders sleepers
This looks a lot like Turkey.
If anyone wanna see this closer; https://imgur.com/a/3zq565o
Cat: huh? Roof pillow from god?  God must love cat! Thank you god!
Gods Must Be Crazy: Cat Edition
Someone is wondering why the hell their cat never comes inside now 😂
Best nap spot ever.
Why you throwing dog pillows off your balcony?
Dog giveth and cat taketh away
That's adorable
As we say in french: "Le malheur des uns, fait le bonheur des autres." Which roughly translates to : One's misfortune is another's boon.
thanks, i love it
I wonder if the dog will work out he can get his pillow back by throwing down the box it came in?
Thats gonna be a funky pillow after the first rain.
The cat deserves it!! 💕
/r/StolenDogBeds
Aw and little kitty has gratefully received it.
My dog would be looking down at this from the roof and grumbling til the end of time
>fell to the roof

Are you from Australia?
Ohhh too cute!!
Kerala?
No one gonna ask exactly how the dog managed to throw its bed out the window..? When I was about three I got the sudden impulse to throw anything and everything I can out the window. We lived on the second floor. We had those iron grates on our windows for security, but if I could squeeze it through and it wasn't bolted to our floor, it flew. Literally anything and everything. Cd players, walkmans, magazines, video games, PILLOWS, clothes, crayons, seriously the list is endless.
It has a new owner meow.
That’s adorable
P L O N K
#a new owner meow
This is cute af
That is one fucked up looking roof
Serendipitous.
That's cute
Awww
cats always find their way. gotta love them.
The good lord giveth and the good lord taketh away
Please leave it right there 🙏
Hey, I found the soccer ball.
Was ur dog skydiving with its pillow?
"fell to a roof" is not a something you typically hear.
Looks like my neighborhood in Cuba
⢀⡴⠑⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣀⣤⣤⣤⣀⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠸⡇⠀⠿⡀⠀⠀⠀⣀⡴⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣦⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠑⢄⣠⠾⠁⣀⣄⡈⠙⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⡀⠁⠀⠀⠈⠙⠛⠂⠈⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⡿⢿⣆⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⢀⡾⣁⣀⠀⠴⠂⠙⣗⡀⠀⢻⣿⣿⠭⢤⣴⣦⣤⣹⠀⠀⠀⢀⢴⣶⣆ ⠀⠀⢀⣾⣿⣿⣿⣷⣮⣽⣾⣿⣥⣴⣿⣿⡿⢂⠔⢚⡿⢿⣿⣦⣴⣾⠁⠸⣼⡿ ⠀⢀⡞⠁⠙⠻⠿⠟⠉⠀⠛⢹⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣌⢤⣼⣿⣾⣿⡟⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⣾⣷⣶⠇⠀⠀⣤⣄⣀⡀⠈⠻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠉⠈⠉⠀⠀⢦⡈⢻⣿⣿⣿⣶⣶⣶⣶⣤⣽⡹⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠲⣽⡻⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣜⣿⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⣿⣿⣷⣶⣮⣭⣽⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣀⣀⣈⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠹⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠟⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠛⠻⠿⠿⠿⠿⠛⠉
Cat has also claimed a soccerball. He/she has got it made up there.
The real question is, how tf does a pillow end up on a roof?
Man I couldn't live there. I'd be Kobe-ing stuff down that chimney every chance I got.
The only reason Kitty did it was because he knows Doggo can see him in it. Kitty's are assholes like that.
I think you ment it had a new owner MEOW
You don't live nearby, by any chance, do you? Because that very much looks like my cat, who suddenly does not come when I call him for his nap time. I can see why now.
Looks suspiciously like [my neighborhood cat](http://imgur.com/a/rz7pyWj)
All I'm thinking is that ball is a sad story
This post was the most upvoted post across all of Reddit on May 19th, 2019!

^(I am a bot for )^[/r/toppostoftheday](/r/toppostoftheday) ^( - Please report suggestions/concerns to the mods.)
Cats will always steal the dog's bed in the end.
Those hack roof repairs make me scream internally. First, Jesus man, just buy some peak tiles, they aren't that expensive. Second, if you're going to use aluminum flashing to do this AT LEAST install it bottom to top so the overlap faces downward and doesn't allow for a water intrusion path.
If it fits it sits
That looks like roofs in Spain
I can’t wrap my head around the term “fell to the roof”
Dog pillow?
Well damn that’s a roof
That is one comfy pig!
I think the question here is how that pillow got on the roof in the first place?
Did your dog lose his soccer ball too?
A very happy new owner
Just curious. How in the world the pillow fell through the roof?
How does your dogs pilliow fall on the roof?
It fell....... On the rooftop. From where did it fall?  🤔
Now I want to drop pillows on roofs!  

❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
*It has a new owner meow
How the hell did it get there
Kitty can't believe their luck!
It has a new owner meow
I feel unexplainably happy seeing this.
“Fell”
A new meowner
/r/stolendogbeds
Is this Brazil?
I love this. A little *too* much
Am high.  Had to read 'fell to the roof' three times slowly before I clicked and got it
"Omg a gift from heaven!" - kitty
/r/StolenDogBeds
One question: How did it *fall* to the roof?
Thats a cute cow. A bit too tiny but still cute.
Looks like a turkish pic i dont know how but i am pretty sure
I think you mean "It has a new owner meow." 

I'll just give myself up to the pun police.
Wait... how did your dog’s pillow accidentally fall to the roof??
Eagles be like: "This is too easy".
How does a pillow just fall out of a window? And how does it fall 15 feet away from the building? Was there a tornado when it fell? 

Someone threw that pillow out of their window and you're lying for karma.
Is this India?
This is waiting for someone to turn it into a children's book. Crop this photo and recreate it with watercolors or paint or somethi g and that's your cover.
"Man, what a windfall I've had. Praise the pillow gods!"
You can say it has a... mew owner. *sees himself out*
This is just adorable
I have so many questions
I’m trying to figure out how a pillow falls on a roofs, do you have multiple?! lol
You could get it back with a fishing pole...
How does a pillow "fell to the roof" ?
Fell?  Roof?
There's also a ball up there, the roof of forgotten goods.
That’s a pretty unusual case of r/stolendogbeds
"It has a new owner meow."
Where is this?

Never mind- found it in the comments. Turkey
One dogs loss is a cats new treasure.
New owner meow *
The cat has been missing for a week and no one has seen it.
Did it fall out or did someone push it out? *Dun dun dunnnnn*
I’m just here wondering how you drop a dog pillow, presumably a static object for 99.9999% of its life, off a balcony
Every thing happens for a reason
The cats like “this is a sign from heaven, must snuggle now”
This is so cute :)
Life in the Favela
That roof needs to be reshingled
Throw down more pillows and some boxes. You could watch a community of cats blossom.
Just want to address the elephant in the room..

If a pillow falls to the roof, where did it come from?

Another great metaphysical question people rarely ask themselves.
okay but HOW did the pillow land on the roof
Its a gift from god!
 gift from the gods above!
Wonder how the ball got there (near the chimney)
I'd chill up there to if I was that cat, new ball new bed. 

The gods smile upon khajit

Tbh if it were me I'd sprinkle some cat grass seeds on rainy days and let him find a little treat
That cat has a pretty sweet football there too.
What country is this in?
That roof construction is a fuckin mess
Holy shitballs 100k upvotes
That roof looks like it does a better job as a cat bed than actually stopping water.
how did it fall exactly?
How do you drop a dog pillow on a roof
First time seeing a post with over 100k upvotes, great job!
Buy a fishing pole. Catch a pillow.
OP must be Eric Clapton. Hope the dog doesn't sleep next to an open window
how’d you drop your pillow on your roof
It has a new owner meow.
Don’t you mean it has a new owner meow?
>fell

>roof

Wtf
I bet it's in Brazil! Those roofs scream Brazil for me
Nothing looks up to code.
Kinda makes me worried about large birds coming and scooping them up
Where I fits I sits
You have a portal to Hell next door?
:’)
wat a good boi
Which village?
Aww! (Yes I only have this to say, this is so adorable!)
I read this as,"It has a new owner meow." Think it's time to go to bed...
Where do you live?

How did it fall?
It's Gonna Be A Bit sad When The Pillow Get's Blown Off Or Rained On
Do you fish? because o would be casting to get that pillow back.
Cat is taunting your dog "S'my pillow now, bitch"
How do things fall onto a roof?
I had a very similar cat!
India?
Pali?
Are you in India?
Kitty be like “sweet a comfy place just like I’d hoped for”
I see this as an absolute win!!
I should fix this roof
How does it fall upwards?
/r/stolendogbeds
Wdym new owner? The dog was obviosult borrowing it from the cat
Home sweet home ^^
Did you mean meowner?
Moo
Plot twist, the cat fell down into the pillow.
Official Europa League football there aswell they ain't cheap
what a whimsical lovely photo
*it has a new owner meow
Life finds a way?
Yeah... forget that dragonball... that's not important...
how does a pillow fall onto a roof?
'How the hell does a pillow fall to the roof?'

Oh, that's how. Neat.
It has a new owner meow*

FTFY
@eventionx
That roof looks like it was planned as it was built by the builders.
This is Brazil. I am sure this is Brazil.
This is that cats best day ever!
[It's mine now.](https://i.gifer.com/JDw6.gif)
This is a Brazilian roof for sure.
Rapaz, essas telhas, essa manta asfáltica, esse chão podre... essa foto é no Brasil
Roof pillow = cat trap
did your ball also fall?
A  new owner meow**
This is just cute :)

 I love cats :)
How did it fall on a roof r/woooosh
“Fell to the roof”

I know it makes sense but I’m disappointed none of you brought it up(no pun intended).
Do you live in Israel?
Obligatory... Naattil evideya
Would love that Champions League ball though.
Can I just say how glad I am that r/aww posts are back on the front page after this past week.
"Jackpot!"

-cat
This is scute and so funny lol! I love cats!
Awww
sweet cat. sloppy roof
It's the purrfect place for a cat nap.
You snooze you lose
Its 'is now, eminem domain and all that.
I see you Dr Banner!
That ball will get a owner soon too.
Ah that's a cool chill spot for him, now. :)
Someone should photoshop a pizza onto that roof.
It has a new owner meow.
OMG that is Patches
I see a UEFA champions league ball.
If the furbaby is comfy don't disturb it
Too cute!!! 😻
Ha, love this
It has a new owner ~~now~~ meow.
This pic reminds me of Favela map from COD
What part of the world is this?  That roof does not look watertight
It has a new owner *meow*
If thanos is seeing this he will definitely snap his fingers
Lol
A new meowner
It has a new owner meow
The wider angle doesn't look like a balcony. How did the bed manage to fall out a window?

Were you cleaning or something and stuck it up there?
Circle of life
Thought that was a giant weed plant at first glance.
Reuse reduce recycle
Korin with the Dragonball.
This makes me happy.
Can I get an f for the lost football/soccer ball up there as well
plants vs zombies 3 lookin wild
Plot Twist: It was a heist made to look like a fall.
that’s fucking classic
I didn't know you had dogs on the ISS
“Fell on the roof”...
fishing line, lead weight, fish hook.

get your dog's pillow back
Throwing the pillow out of the window and blameing the cat.
Is that a fucking massive weed plant?
Trickle down economics

Also this is my new phone wallpaper, would double as a nice lofi hip hop thumbnail
Silver lining. Now you get to see that sweet kitty snoozing happily
How does something fall to the roof
that roof
That cat looks just like my dog
Neko Atsume. But does he/she leave any fish? :<
Ngl I’m mad tired and thought your dog fell with it and was now sleeping there
Comfy spot on a high vantage point? That cat must feel so safe.
What is this bounty that has come from the sky? 

Ah, thank you Ceiling Cat!
Ugh. I hate that I know exactly what that tile is and where it came from.
> Napping cat falls three stories and pillow is so good she doesn't even wake up
FABULOUS!!!
Actually, very remarkable photo !  Nice.
that looks like its gonna crumble
Awww <3
Now he looks down everyday plotting revenge.
Looks so comfy
I’m kind of worried about it sliding off of the roof tbh
I’m worried that the pillow would be wet in rainy days.
Hehe so cool ☺️
Meow, meow, mine now.
I’m so confused. Fell...to the roof? Fell from where??
As a roofer that roof will haunt me in my sleep.
How does a pillow fall to a roof
Is this in Lebanon? Looks like it
Do u live in southeast asia?
Where is this place?
[removed]
That roof could use some work. Looks like it’s about to cave in
Pretty sweet!!! 🐱
New owner *meow*
It has a new owner *meow\**
[deleted]
And the red ballon too
I wish there was an "I fucking love this" thumb
That is a cat.
How is that roof ever watertight?
How in the world did it fall out of your window
Op: How did you get up there?
Dogbed: I fell.
This will be me in three years. Living on someones roof laying on a tiny blue pillow.
Did your dog drop his ball too?  I bet the cat is going to sit on it next.
It’s only right
Thas a roof?
animals are opportunists
I guess you could say you dropped the ball
Is that weed?
IS THAT A WEED
stolen by the enenemy
How did it fell onto the roof?
Oof
There's about 99 problems with that roof but a cat ain't one
How did it fall to the roof
What was your dogs setup that his pillow could fall? Did he give on your roof? Did you have a balcony without walls? I'm so confused.
One dog’s trash is another cat’s treasure!
op lives on top of the tv tower
wow
That roof job...
that's a beautyful pillow! what breed it is???
I will now be awwing at the screen for 15 minutes
That roof looks leaky as shit
THIS IS ADORABLE!!!!!! but i feel bad fpr the dog.... 1 like for a pillow for the dog
Man that cat must think the gods are crazy.
The cat really wants to knock that ball off the roof but knows you would appreciate that so the ball stays where it is!
Cows sleep in the weirdest spots
looks like the view from my airbnb  in Medellin
Omg lmao
This is the most random act of kindness ! Meow meow
Look at me ... I am the owner now
Why hasn't the cat knocked the ball down?
What fruit tree is that on the lower right hand side?
One of the reasons I don't have a cat. I'd go get it just to spite it. On a more positive note, the fruit on the tree looks nice!
Cat 🐱 on a soft tin roof
Hes even got a ball to play with up there
What a great find!
How does a pillow fall to the roof?
I see the cat also stole a dragon ball
kitty voodoo strikes again
You got a fishing pole and a hook? Go get that mf
I thought that was a massive dope plant at first glance...
This is the ultimate 'cats stealing dogs beds'!
How does something fall on the roof
What about the football up there
I thought you were gonna say your dog jumped for it, and made it somehow.
Sweet little thing, finally has a peaceful spot to relax.
How to get a cat 101
Why was your dogs pillow on the roof in the first place?
/r/stolendogbeds
This is mine meow.
noone can get you there
That kitty is cute too!
What a strange title to read. What would you expect this to be a picture of if you only had the title to draw from?
Did your dog’s soccer ball fall onto the roof too?
Awwww.
It flops I plops.
Who is the owner of this photo, you or @ohadcancelik from twitter? Also with the same caption?
Score!
How does that roof not leak?
It is in France ?
Aside from this being a cute pic and story, I love the photo. The lines, angles, textures, and details.
'Fell to the roof' was an interesting sentence before seeing the photo.
How did your dog’s pillow fall?
I think you meant a new meowner
Fell to the roof
Is that champions league ball yours as well?
What chain of events happened that the pillow landed on the roof
Initially I thought that your dog jumped of the window as well xD
We all desire a soft comfortable bed
That cat probably thought it was the luckiest day ever!
Where did it fall from -- the Moon?  The top of a tree?  How does something fall onto the roof?
Where is that? That's a jacked up roof.
This roofing job is exactly what I think of when you see those “Military Grade” commercials. People think that is a good thing but after 20 years in the AF, all it means is lowest bidder...
It has a new owner ~~now~~ meow ftfy
WTF happened to that roof! A hurricane.
Nobody is going to ask how your dogs pillow fell several stories onto a roof?
*...it has a new owner meow

Fixes it for you.
Fell to the roof? The fuck kinda house you be living in
Roofing gore
get it back.
Love the ball wedged next to the chimney 🏐
At least go and get that football
There is a ball right next to the chimney.
Ugh this ball was so close to get a perfect hit in the chimney...
:'-)
OP didn't have a fishing equipment to get the pillow back for the sad doggo. And for doggo the worst is that it went straight to its neighborhood enemy.
Imagine being a human and finding a bed on a roof and taking a nap.
That cat probably has a comfy bed it's owner bought, but refuses to use it.
i didn't know it was such a foreign concept for some people that there are higher buildings and things fall from their windows or balconies on the roof of smaller buildings
A new owner meow
You:

Your Dog: It is treason then
Your neighbors roof is fucked
You mean right meow it has a mew owner? XD
Where is this? This rooftop and other things look similar to my place ones.
Now climb down there and put that bed in the shade
From ashes to ashes.
This is too cool.  I wonder what the dog is thinking?
You know you’re an old homeowner when all you can think about in this picture is how horrible of shape that roof is.
N'aaaaaw
I guess I have a new wallpaper. Thanks!
Abit sad that the pillow will get wet and eventually break  :/
At least your dog wasn’t on the pillow
As a roofer, this roof makes my heart shatter.
Soccer ball on clay tile roof. Hello Brasil!!
It has a new owner neow
One dog's thrown away pillows, are another stray cats bed?

P:S:i suck at 'poems'
to me it looks like a new "**me**owner"
u/laurenknj
Where do you live?
What kind of cat is this?  Breed wise.
To the roof BELOW, finally figured it out. I just woke up and was so confused as to how something falls onto the highest point of a building.
I swear I see pictures of my black and white cat everywhere on Reddit nowadays.
MY GOD FREAKING HEART
Mew owner Meow\*
[deleted]
Until it rains :(
And a new toy. Was the ball the dogs as well?
The cat's plan has come to fruition.
I like how you knew it was out there but were just like: "Well, guess I lost a pillow." 🤷
Does that ball also belong to your dog?
awwwwwwwwwwwww
Where tf does ur dog sleep?
Is the soccer ball yours too?
You live in Italy?
I wonder how long until the cat discovers , and knocks that soccer ball off the roof?
Lol looking at this post again and I can't help but be reminded of Game of Thrones.
I'll take that UEFA authentic Champions League Red/White colorway soccer ball....along with the cat.
Is this Thailand?
Aww that looks like my cat 💕
Initially, I was wondering how the hell the pillow got there? Airplane? Lol
I imagine I'm not the only one wondering how the pillow fell on the roof?
This is good
r/animalsonroofs
Paying it forward like a boss.
So hows r/EternityClub?
For a second I thought the dog was still on the pillow when it fell, luckily I was bamboozled
You're never get that back! Losers weepers.
This is my new wallpaper, thanks!
The real question is how the pillow fell down to the roof
That roof is fucked tho. Who laid those ridge tiles?
Looks like someone tried to throw a soccer ball down the chimney
OP, was this taken in India?
Where is this?
Loquat tree spotted!
That bed is probably soooo nice and warm from the sun
Cat: My prayers have been answered!
Dam that really must suck
Imagine the unbridled joy as a cat to find, this improbable scenario before you.
A bed fell out of the sky!
Jesus christ that roof is awful.
>

>

>

>

>7

>

\n>
NOOOO! 1001st COMMENT
XD that's hilarious
It has a new owner meow.
r/dogsonroofs
Snuggles falling from heaven
Looks like an Eastern Europe roof
This looks like the rich vs poor divide picture we see occasionally on reddit
That’s the most cutest shit I have ever seen
Finder's keepers
That roof would drive severe OCD people insane.
The scenic vibe is so Vietnam!
r/wholesomemes
Good thing it didn’t fall down their chimney...
Day 56, they still don’t know I’m growing massive weed plants under my window.
How close does your dog sleep to the edge of your window?
Ho did you get the bed there
CLAIMED!!!
Wait... why is the three star Dragon Ball on the roof?
The cat literally "It free real estate"
Where did it fall from?
That car even has his own soccer ball up there. Living the dream.
Waste not want not
I see this as an absolute win
Wait a sec. How does a pillow "fall" onto a roof? Was it from a airplane?
Congrats on 100k upvotes
Kitty deserves pillow
Why is there a football too? I’m starting to believe you aimed for the chimney with the pillow too
It has a new owner meow.
I'm wondering what the story was of how it ended up there.
That roof is terrible.
You have created new life.
Aaaawwwww
Cat:  Aha! A gift from heaven. Thank you, Ceiling Cat.
there are so many things going on with that roof...

for one thing omg that wonderful red-starred soccerball!

then, the disrepair... just makes me want to go and fix it all lol
New owner meow*
This is so cute 😍
How did your dog's pillow fall to the roof? Did you drop it from a plane?
Happy cat
How to fall on roof?
Finders keepers
Missed a golden opportunity. It has a new owner meow.
“Fell to the roof”
this is my spirit animal.
I thought "roof couple," meant two people living on a roof
That's the worst made roof i've ever seen
Its has a new owner meow.....
Aww
That roof is fucked, better give Phil Swift a shout.
Damn... I hate when my shit falls up to my roof.
Anybody not notice the red soccer ball on the gutter? Dude has better aim than Ronaldo.
Cat
I’m happy for that cat. And then he could play with that soccer ball.
I see the ball is also the cats property now
 am positive this is somewhere in India. Look at the ball roof, kids never get permission to take it back. Spiteful shit.
?from kerala?
NOT OC!
How did it fall... up?

&#x200B;

EDIT: Nvm Didn't realize it fell on someone else's roof. Thought it was a drone pic.
I didn't get why you didn't just go down and get it, but I can see you're out of balls too.
I guess everyone expects reposts like the one in r/stolendogbeds, but a Twitter user also claims it's theirs - > @AHappierDay (Lovely picture of course.)
I'm also feeling there's a sad story about the ball.
I’m pretty sure this post belongs to someone else. Somebody else shared it with more photos and they took the captions and translated them?
Is this somewhere in greece? Seems very familiar
Good lord that roof is in terrible shape
So you just left a moldy pillow to rot on your roof for days? Lol
Looks like the outside of my old apartment in Sao Paulo. Neat!
all those "how did pillow fell on the roof???" annoys me SO much. people live in tall buildings all over the world, not just small american suburbian houses, you know.
That roof is an abortion
Whoever pointed that roof needs to go and get their eyesight tested
This should be a trend.
I'm not crying you are
"A new owner meow."
Can we get an F for the ball too?
That is the worst roof I've ever seen. How does it keep water out? Do you live in fucking Uganda or some shit?
Have you tried a fishing pole and fishing line with a hook?
Oh, Señor Don Gato was a cat,
On a high red roof Don Gato sat.
He went there to read a letter,
Meow, meow, meow
Where the reading light was better,
Meow, meow, meow
It was a love note for Don Gato.

"I adore you," wrote the lady cat
Who was fluffy, white, and nice and fat.
There was not a sweeter kitty
Meow, meow, meow
In the country or the city
Meow, meow, meow
And she said she'd wed Don Gato.

Oh, Senor Don Gato jumped with glee,
He fell off the roof and broke his knee.
Broke his ribs and all his whiskers,
Meow, meow, meow
And his little solar plexus,
Meow, meow, meow>
"¡Ay caramba!" cried Don Gato.

Then the doctors all came on the run,
Just to see if something could be done.
And they held a consultation,
Meow, meow, meow
About how to save their patient,
Meow, meow, meow
How to save Señor Don Gato.

But in spite of everything they tried,
Poor Señor Don Gato up and died.
Oh it wasn't very merry,
Meow, meow, meow
Going to the cemetery,
Meow, meow, meow
For the ending of Don Gato.

As the funeral passed the market square,
Such a smell of fish was in the air.
Though the burial was slated,
Meow, meow, meow
He became re-animated,
Meow, meow, meow
He came back to life, Don Gato.
Guessing this is what happens without building regulations / codes
What's wrong with your roof
That's some shocking brick work..and the roof repair...oh dear.
That is one jacked up looking roof.
Bit of classy workmanship in that roof 🙈 Surprised the pillow didn’t go straight though it 🤣
[deleted]
At least someone's happy
Nice to see you dropped a dog bed onto someone else roof and just left it. Solid neighbor /10
Good thing the pillow falling did not bring the roof down! or the cat. That is a very sad roof which is not going to last much longer?

where is it btw? I thought at once not Portugal, the tile was wrong for it, I am curious now.
Fell to the roof? Does gravity not work where you live?
Fell... to the roof?! Is this australia?
А что крыша такая убитая?
[Fell *to* the roof?](https://i.imgur.com/t6LBgaw.jpg)
"fell to the roof" 🤔
And you don't go retrieve it... you lazy POS.
You should give that cat a home. Already has ur dogs scent.
Is no one else upset that the doggo tax hasn't been paid?
If you want dog better you have to  take care of your dog or any animals....this is not the way of Care
What kind of idiot threw a pillow out?
My question is why don’t you pick up after yourself?
