Well now you know what the adoption process is like ☺️
One never just goes into a shelter to “look”
Congrats on the cats!

The one on the right has a smug, knowing smile, like “Dude, didn’t I tell you the head butts and purring would work? Totes did.”
He’s actually smiling!!! Well done
makes note: don‘t stop at the humane society, you will leave with cats...
Please tell me Mike's last name is Hat. 

That's what my next cat is going to be named whether it is a boy or a girl.
Congratulations. They’re perfect! 

However, those are the faces of, “I know I’m cute and I’m going to knock things over shamelessly and get away with it.”
Cute! The kitty on the right has an oversized collar. I would take it off for now until he grows into it because he might get it caught on something when you’re not home and it could be dangerous.
Very cute both of them. Love smirky face.
I love them both, but that satisfied smile on the right just straight up murdered me with cuteness.
If Mike were named Dale instead, this would be even more perfect!
Wife played you like a fiddle.
Brb off to my local humane society
“Just looking.” Famous last words at the pet shelter.
Mike is going to steal your boy/girl \*and\* your weed.  Watch out for him.

&#x200B;

Here is a tip that has helped me a lot during my 30 years of cat servitude:  Play with their feet all the time - including forcing their claws to extend.  My cats all sleep through nail trims because they got used to us playing with their feet when they were kittens.
The one on the right looks so proud... almost like it won that bell
That one on the right has the look of Emperor Palpaitine - "Good, good. My plan is working."
You fell for that?
Oh they're just too adorable! Congratulations on the adoption. 😊
Dat smile. Love them!
Nice, you got a calendar cat. Mike, Mike, Mike, Mike, what day is it?
The left one is going to be a handfull.
You fool you fell for one of the classic blunders!

But for real congratulations on the adoption!
Is mike the one on the left? He’s got an M on his lil forehead!
Mike has quite the smile on him 😁
"so we named cat number one tucker. what should we name cat number 2?"

(DALE, DALE, DALE, DALE!)

"maybe jack?"

(DALE, DALE, DALE, DALE!)

"i don't know... how about jabediah? jeb the cat. sounds cute"

(DALE, DALE, DALE, DALE!)

"i wanna saaaaaaayyyyy.....mohammed?"

(DALE, DALE, DALE, DALE!)

"no. i hate names that have 'ham' in it."

(DALE, DALE, DALE, DALE!)

"how about....'vs evil'?"

(DALE, DALE, DALE, DALE!)

"we are getting close...... something....related to that...."

(DALE, DALE, DALE, DALE! DALE, DALE, DALE, DALE! DALE, DALE, DALE, DALE! DALE, DALE, DALE, DALE! DALE, DALE, DALE, DALE! DALE, DALE, DALE, DALE!)

"mike"

(DALE, DALE, DALE, DALE! DALE, DALE, DALE, DALE! DALE, DALE, DALE, DALE! DALE, DALE, DALE, DALE! DALE, DALE, DALE, DALE! DALE, DALE, DALE, DALE! DALE, DALE, DALE, DALE! DALE, DALE, DALE, DALE! DALE, DALE, DALE, DALE! DALE, DALE, DALE, DALE! DALE, DALE, DALE, DALE! DALE, DALE, DALE, DALE!)

"yes. mike"
And so their watch has begun.
Is it just the angle, or are both of them munchkins?
>Just to see what the adoption process was like

&#x200B;

Lol, smoooooth. Your wife wanted a new pet. ;)

&#x200B;

Congrats on the new family members!
Soooooo cute!!!
Handsome fellas. Wonderful thing you did giving these two a home. And they will pay you back with years of entertainment...I can tell by those faces.
Nobody ever goes to a humane society "just to check it out" and *not* leave with a new pet.

Congratulations, these two look like they've found a great home!
Out of curiousity did the shelter mandate these two be adopted out together?  They look like an inseparable pair!
First mistake! Don't put them on the table! they can be trained not to jump up(at least while your not home)Little paws go right from the kitty litter to up on your counters and tables. Thank you, sincerely a germaphobe.
These two are brilliant, enjoy having furry friends around!
Yeah, they are! Hey fellas!
Awww.. So Cute! Hello Tucker and Mike!
What a lovely smile!
I think your wife tricked you. I would have fallen for that too. You're a good person.
We all know which one is the troublemaker, you can tell by the look in his eyes and the bell around his neck.
Ya know. Yesterday, my husband took me to a car dealership “just to look” (he wanted to test drive some cars he was considering buying a year from now). We came home with a new car yesterday. 

May have to take him “just to look” at the puppies at the shelter.
At first I was like, "Mike? That's not a cat name..."  
Then I saw the guy on the right, and was like "Oh hey! What's up Mike?"
Mike looks so pleased with himself
Tighten that collar up before your cat gets its lower jaw stuck in it and asphyxiates.
Don't know if I'm being an asshole or just haven't had coffee yet, but do people really make snap decisions like this? I'm assuming it's just the titled and OP had already discussed what getting a pet would entail. I would hope a pet is never an impulse adoption/decision
Watch out for the loose collar. My kitty kept trying to get the collar off, half succeeded and got it stuck across her mouth.

Apart from that, congrats on the two new trouble makers!
😅 she so hoodwinked you.
You mean they're *pawesome*
him's name is Tucker  
my name is Mike  
we have new owner   
we sure do like  

you see my smile?  
i very happy  
because today    
we got new pappy
Your wife knew exactly what she was doing. Well played, wife
I might just have to lure my husband into the Humane Society under the pretence of just researching the adoption process. He’s been putting me off on getting new cat or cat(s) for months. His reasoning is always that he doesn’t like cats, but the lie detector test determined that was a lie. Unless this is what hating a cat looks like....

[Cat Hater](https://imgur.com/gallery/uhiXjyx)
i went to petsmart a few days back to get some chow for my cat. accidentally walked by where they keep the cats in those glass things. i hate myself every time i do this and so i've made it a point to walk around the whole store to where the cat food is or i'll just avoid getting the food from the pet store. sure enough out of all the cats there one immediately saw me and started jumping up on the glass. little white/orange mix kitty with just one eye. i froze up and just stood there staring at her. she was meowing but i couldn't hear it but i knew she was meowing and like a heartless bastard i just walked away. i hated myself the entire day that day for doing that. 

i know people for some reason say don't buy from places like that but those poor cats are helpless like other cats too? idk. if i lived on my own and didn't need to get ok's from other people in my home i maybe would have walked out with that kitty. but i'm an a hole and i didn't.
Tucker and Sing would be crazy names xD
Oh, what adorable and happy little floofs!
They’re so cute!
They already look all settled in! Awesome and adorable!
The one has a smirk like "yeah we got you suckaaaa!"
I bet your wife has the same smug smile is the cat on the right. The only thing I can say is well played Madame.
The thief and his accomplice. Oh boy do they look like adorable trouble makers! Congratulations on the adoption, you’re in for years of laughs, snuggles, and companionship with these cool dudes!
I did the exact same thing to my husband, no-one  leaves empty handed haha!

Congrats on the furbabies!
>just to see

Famous last words, friend. I've adopted two dogs and a cat that way. :) Congrats!
My partner took me up "Just to look" and we had a long talk about how we were only going to look and I didn't want them to be disappointed because it's not like we were going to fall in love with a dog and bring it home that day.

They went and cleared out the back seat of the car while I took a shower.

We fell in love with a dog and brought her home that day.
One on the right is gonna be chill.  The one on the left....trouble.
the one on the right has a smug grin
Can't believe you fell for that from the wife. So cute and glad ya did. Reminds me of when my dad called me and said "your mom is in checking on TV prices."  "Does she have your card?"   "Oh, yeah."   "She's going to get a TV, dad."  "No she—oh my God she did it." "Duh."
Hopefully you have strong window blinds. If not, go ahead and measure them out and stash some cheap ones for later.
My local humane society is the worst group of animal hoarding lunatics. I understand having a vetted process so animals don't end up in the wrong hands, but they post sob stories of a cat that has been in the shelter for over a year and then deny every application.
Bamboozled again 😂♥️
That line was the adoption equivalent of just putting the tip in for a second to see how it feels.
It's physically impossible to go to a kitten adoption and leave without a fur baby. I think it's like the 4th law of thermodynamics or something.
^So ^fucking ^smug ^😍
The one smiling on the right!!! Awesome!
She played you like a fiddle...
"you fool, you fell victim to one of the classic blunders!" - bald guy from princess bride
My wife wants me to go to the car dealership to see what the purchasing process is all about. 

Maybe I’ll get kittens too.
“To see what the process is like”
Your wife sounds fantastic and those cats are lucky to have ya!
A life without Cats is possible, but not worth living.
She know exactly what she was doing, clever girl
"just to see what the adoption process was like"  


You sir got PLAYED....lol
D’awww
They know they hooked you, look at those faces😊👍🏻
I can tell you now the one on the left is gonna be a PIA I got one had the same look.  He'll trash the house then lay on your lap knowing there's not a damn thing you can do about it.  (But i suppose they're worth it)
But please don't use bells on their collars (if indoor cats).
Nice!! Congratulations, and thanks for getting two — that’ll help a lot, from the perspective of loneliness, play, their social life, etc.

A few suggestions, if I may:

* Consider getting pet insurance ASAP. They’re cute and healthy now, but in 10 years when big vet bills start rolling in, you’ll thank yourselves 

* Keep them hydrated. Get a water fountain (they’re drawn to moving water) and give them wet food if possible. Male cats, especially, can develop kidney/bladder/urethra issues if they’re not urinating often enough

* Be mindful about feeding. Feed them separately to keep portions consistent, if possible, and have mealtime be the only window of time they eat. Grazing on food all day can lead to unhealthy weight gain

* Get then used to things early. Things like trimming nails, getting into a cat carrier, travel (if applicable), even brushing teeth. Use treats to reinforce these activities as being pleasant once they’re done. You can get their teeth cleaned, too, once a year

* Expose them to situations. Let them meet your friends, show them dogs, etc. They’ll be more confident and laid back later in life 

* Give them their own territory. Letting them share the sofa is great, but cat trees, beds, and whatnot are great for giving them their own space. Having these against windows is even better, that way they can stare at birds and squirrels and make hilarious noises

* Play with them. Not with your hands and feet, with toys. Feather toys that fly, crinkle tunnels, stuffed animals with catnip, etc. A bit of play everyday will reinforce your relationship and make them happy and healthy

* Consider keeping them indoors. Cats are fantastic predators and are really destroying bird populations across the world. Plus they won’t bring in pests like fleas and ticks, nor will they face health risks like getting in fights or being run over by a car. For these reasons, indoor cats live longer on average
Look at those little rascals! 

We've got 2 boys from the same litter and at 5 years old, 16 lbs each, they have never stopped being the playful little kittens they were when we adopted them.
Look how cute they are!
So adorable ! How wonderful you adopted them 😇
Aaaaaaaah cute
O my Goodness you had to take them home, they are adorable.
I’m such a sucker for human names for animals. So cute!!
Tucker & Mike: Dynamic Duo.
Awwww they look so proud. Beaming :)
They are so cute.
Well played, wife.
My wife pulled the same trick on me!! lol "let's JUST look." They are super cute!
The kittens getcha every time.
Omg their little short legs are too much! I love them!
r/eyebleach
That grin is too cute.
The one on the right is such a stud and he knows it.
You fool, you fell victim to one of the classic blunders!

(Congrats though)
Cuties. Love the names.
Isnt the Humane Society a charity made up by George Constanza?
Holy shit. These two are the cutest cats I’ve ever seen.
That mother fuckers scheming.. watch out
Mike is happy because his head mark actually stands for something. Other cat feels cheated.
This is how I ended up with 2 cats
The one on the right is like “oh yeah, I got adopted”
Omg the one on right with the smirk. Classic. So cute.
Make sure that collar is stretchy. It’s important that it comes off if it gets caught while they’re falling out of a tree.
Pinky and the Brain, cat version. 

You know you totally fell for the "I just wanna see what's there" line, right? lol. Two of you were going to adopt some cats today. Only one of you knew about it.
[deleted]
My cat buddy Tucker passed away about a month ago. I hope your Tucker gives you many years of cuddles and purrs like mine did!
Missed opportunity for tucker and dale
I’ve never seen a stoner cat before, but that dude on the right is high as fuck.
Dudes expression on the right is the one I wear when I see the waiter bringing my food to the table
I'm not a cat guy but I just made a most ungentlemanly squeaking sound.

They're adorable.  They need tiny little top hats and monocles.
Who’s who
One on the left looks a little suspicious, the one on the right looks like it's already plotting mischief
I acquired one of the best dogs ever this way... my then bf and I went to the pet store on adoption day "just to play with the dogs".... paigey pie came home 5 days later and was a fixture in our family for 7 more great years. 

Ever since, I know the "dangers" of going to the shelter/adoption event "just to look". Congrats on your new family members!!
Mike and Tucker are completely adorable but you should remove the bell from the collar, as for the cats' ears it is pretty noisy and uncomfortable, and that can be a really stressful experience.
I love how they have such fratty names
Your wife knew exactly what she was doing lol.
“ I’ll just stop and look around I’m not asking one home today”

“I just want to see how the adoption process works” 

They always end up as lies. You will leave with a furry creature in your car
That smile on the right, like the cat that got the cream.

Cream of the crop of new homes
Bro this was a set up, cute Kitties!
Just to "see" what the adoption process is like.
“Just to see what the adoption process was like”—-she knew what she was doing hahahaha
The one on the right knows something and he's not telling.
His little smile😍
You got played. At least you won 2 awesome prizes.
Ah, i see you feel for the ol' "We'll just go look at the kitties, we have enough willpower not to go home with any" too.

&#x200B;

Still, nearly 10 years later and our two are still the best kitties in the whole world.  Don't regret a second of it.
“Just to see what the adoption process is like”

😂 it’s a trap
Congrats! R.I.P. op's furniture
I love how one is the nerdy computer guy and the other is the street smart wise guy. These two will be trouble.
Look at Mike's smug looking ass.
Tucker and Dale! Not Mike. If you haven't seen the movie yet, highly recommend it. Slapstick funny. Very good way to unwind.
God damn, is it possible to walk out and not adopt one? A friend convinced me to just check out the shelter a couple months back and  once I saw my cat I picked him out immediately.
Your wife knew what she was doing. Congrats on the new family members!
ok ok we're gonna go see what it's like but were not getting anything ok?

&#x200B;

2 kittens later
These guys are cute. That collar will be gone by the end of the week 😁
10/10 would pet
That guy on the right is a bloody character if I ever met one.
Prepare for trouble and make it double
I would die for Tucker and Mike.


Omg how adorable are they. <3
<3 the one on the right looks so smug! Like he knew he could get you to take him home!
Eventually You will find out that adopting them was one of the best choices of your life. Enjoy the babies, take care of them and give them lots of love!
You should be careful with kittens and collars. Those snap-away collars designed to pop open if they get caught on something don't work as well on kittens if they get caught because they don't have the strength/weight to pop it open and can strangle themselves.
I bet that smug motherfucker with the collar is Mike.
HE IS SMILING
The right cat looks like he will do your taxes from now on
The one on the right is going to be trouble. Can see it in his face.
"**just to see what the adoption process was like.**"

Sounds like someone just wanted some kitties and devised a plan .3.
This is why I don’t into go to PetSmart anymore.  
They always put old cats up for free adoption, and at one point, I was coming home with an old cat every time I went in just to shop, and they had a free one!!!
By the 5th old cat, I realized I had a problem.


Hello, my name is 1EspirituLibre, and I am an old-free-cat-holic!

BTW, your new fur babies are adorable!  Congrats!!
They look so happy :) i love them
Beautiful table you got there.  A shame if it were to get scratched.
You only have a collar on one of them so you can tell them apart, dont you? Lol
Oh my gawd!! You’re in for it now, man. The left one is gonna start the troubles, and the right one is gonna charm you when you try to stop them. Adorable!!
I love animals and I'm always happy to see them go to good homes,  but people should remember it's not all sunshine and rainbows. Animals are living things not toys, they require a lot of love attention and $$$. So if you're going to take a furry friend into your family please be sure your'e ready for the long term commitment.
Take the bell off the poor guy. He's a forocious tiger not a reindeer!
Look at the wee little smile of the adorable one on the right! Gosh this has warmed my heart!
You both got played and made the best (two) decision(s) of your life. Thats how my ex got a cat and he ended up being my best friend for years. Congrats.
The one on the right is on some shit
So cute!!! How are you enjoying them so far?
You got hustled lol
There's trouble...
The kitty on the right is totally smiling, that’s adorable
The little smile on the right says it all.
I assume Tucker is on the left, but I think the kitty on the right looks more like a Tucker to me. I think it's that little smirk.
Hey, I'm Tucker, this is Meik. We're gettin' adopted by this hooman. You want in?
This one on the right has a smile.
Adopting is the best. We just adopted are second cat about a month ago.
My humane society called me an irresponsible pet owner and declined letting me adopt. Because she asked me why I was looking to adopt..

Few months prior a homeless guy i helped with food and a drink broke into my house and robbed us, took our prescription meds.. lots of money and more. He also took my cat (had him 14 years) wanted a reward for finding him but of course we were robbed so we didnt have much..wasnt enough so he never told me where he was.

We didnt find out it was him until he got arrested pawning our stuff under a fake name -- cops wouldnt even return it because we couldnt prove it was ours.
Whenever you're told that you'll "just be looking" at the humane society. That's code word for, "I want to adopt something". I'm 2 dogs deep now
She knew EXACTLY what was gonna go down.
No wonder internet is of cats, by cats and for cats.
Females are sneaky man. Cant believe u fell for the classic "let's go see the adoption process" line.
Please tell me Mike is the one with the M on his forehead
Humane society adoption process:

Them: You have money?

You: yes.

Them: Good. You have to pay us for all our charity to this animal if you want it. Give us $100 or well keep it in this cage to suffer longer.

You: I only have $75 but I'll give this cat a loving home!

Them: Sorry but that not enough "donation" money for us. Please leave so someone with more money can look at the cat. Also, find the rest of the money or well put this cat down when we cant sell it for full price.
Oh dude has a bell on. That's gonna maximize his hunting skills.
Haha the one on the right looks so smug. Too cute and congratulations
I love how the one on the right (in guessing that's Mike?) has this smirk like "Told ya we'd get them to adopt us"
Look at that smug face
hey, that's great that you adopted them! but please, take off that little bell, it hurts their ears really badly.
😍😘💕
When you get a Mushroom in Mario and you go from small to big to small to big to small to big
They look very satisfied with the situation. Congrats!
That's how they get you...

&#x200B;

"Oh let's just go look, we don't have to get anything"

"Let's take these out of the cages and play with them, we don't have to go home with them"

"Let's just look at the paperwork, we don't have to sign it"

&#x200B;

"Welcome home boys!"
Lol! “Our plan worked!”
Shouldve called them Sucker and Me
The kitten on the right looks like it's smiling. 😁
Mike is like that chill dude who will gladly help you even if you need nothing

Tucker look like that little brother who is always looking to make pranks just to laugh.
Bro you definitely fucked up, wait til you get home. Cat on the right looks smug as fuck
Mike knows something.
My mom did this when I was young & my dad told her she could get 1. But the lady told us there was another cat that he was raised with and they couldn't be separated, so we got 2. That cat ended up being my best friend. I'm glad these 2 found a home
The one on the right is smiling. I might cry....
Oh gotta love that grin.
When you're "Just Browsing" and then they tell you 'bout their 2-for-1 special goin' on lmao. Congrats. Glad they've found themselves home. <3
They're already on the dining room table. It's their house now.
"My wife convinced me to stop in at The Humane Society just to see what the adoption process was like."

&#x200B;

Haha! You fell for it! That's like telling your virgin girlfriend that you just want to try being naked in bed together to see what the process is like. LOL. 

&#x200B;

Cute little guys. Are they munchkins? They look like they might be.
Ooh they look like trouble!! Congratulations on the new kiddos!! They’ll bring you so much joy!
The one on the right looks hella smug like "yeah I knew you loved me as soon as you saw me, I'm irresistible, I know"
Tucker and Mike are both adorable names for a kitty. Give them pats for me.
Ahhhh yes, the old  “we’ll just go look, knowing damn well we leave with the cutest animals they have” routine.  It’s happened to the best of us.  Your first time is always a fun little surprise.  The real shocker, is when you know it’s coming next time and still fall for it!!  😂
 Tucker and Mike broke Reddit. These two sweethearts look like they are from a live action animated movie.
is the one on the right "Mike?" He looks like a Mike....And he's smiling too. So freaking cute
Absolutely adorable! That is how it happens, though. My wife and I went to "volunteer" and help out at our local shelter. I gave her the "if we come home with a dog because you couldn't handle it" speech but I was the one who messed up. She looked like our other rescue and was playful and cuddly and I couldn't leave her. Congratulations on finding them and thank you for being a rescue pet owner!
The cat on the right’s smile says “Damn, I finessed that human like a bitch.” 

Keep your eye on him, he may up his game and try to steal your identity or commit tax fraud. I’ve seen it happen before.
Say goodbye to your good-smelling house.
Please remove that jingle bell if he isn't deaf.
He’s smiling.
I love how you can see their personalities in this photo!
The one on the right has that look, like he's thinking, "Yes, good human. Now I'll be able to knock all your books off of the shelves at night, and sleep on your face, and steal your socks to use as toys!" They're both super cute too!
That smile on the right could melt steel.
The other cat has a smug smile right away. Gearing up for endless mischief.
The one on the right is smiling!
Soo cute
Mike smile is awesome
Congratulations.. They are adorable
Two cats I had growing up were named Tucker and Mike.  We had them at different times though.  
Happy adoption day!
The one on the right is going to be trouble 😂
Awesome cats. If they are going to be outside cats I'd say get a different collar as that looks like it can get snagged on stuff. Might just need tightening though.
He’s got a pretty big collar to grow into.
She knew what would happen!
Awe my kitty has the same sushi collar!
This exact thing happened to me except we left with 1 cat not 2 kittens.
That smile... that damn smile.
R they bros
I like how the one on the right looks super happy and relaxed now that he's in a loving home. The one on the left is staring directly into my soul, demanding head rubs.
Good for you. ❤❤
Daniel and cooler Daniel
As I’m looking at it the one with the collar on, has the cutest little smirky smile and then I look at the other one and I’m like that one has the cutest little face... I wouldn’t have been able to decide either. Good call on getting them both. Totally understandable. They are both adorable!
The one on the left will cave in and confess to your murder.  The one on the right knows he will get away with it.
That one on the right is definitely smiling. You are in for so much trouble and fun and love! I’ve got a shelter pack myself and not a day goes by I don’t laugh or feel loved by those silly cats!
It was meant to be!  Congratulations!
Ok the one on the left (our right) is totally smiling.

Congrats!
Looks like kitty on the left had a run in with badidi and is now Majin Kitty.
Good idea on getting a pair. They'll keep themselves busy!
One on the right looks like a plotting motherfker
That smile from the one on the right is adorable!
oh my gosh the one on the right is smiling! so cute, im glad you decided to adopt siblings(? it seems like it is) its honestly great to adopt in pairs because of all the mischeif they get into lol
I like Mike, he seems like a trouble maker.
It’s obvious Mike played you for a sucker!
Which is which?
That's pawsome! Congrats for being adopted, humans!

I always say this whenever I see it: please, remove the bells from the cats. The constant chime of the bell may lead to some mood problems, making it stressed out.
I love how the one on the right has a proud smile like the one on my son's kindergarten graduation picture!
I love how the one on the right has a smile on its face super adorable
God I wish my wife and I weren't so allergic to cats :(
Hey, how come he gets the collar and the bell and I get bubkas?  I can get lost.  I can get in trouble.  I demand accessories!
One on the right looks like he’d smoke you up when you’re having a bad day
So awesome. I just love kittlies
Is it really that easy to adopt in the USA ? In the uk they do home visits and you need letter from your landlord etc before you can even look at a cat
LOL, just one look at them and I can tell you that the two of them are looking for trouble!!

Gratz on getting two handsome boyz!
Khajiit has bell if you have coin...
Congrats on the cats! Or should I say, con-cats! (I’m sorry, I tried). Trying not to sound like a Debbie downer, but hopefully you and your wife had thought long and hard about taking care of a pet before you got these cute little angels, and didn’t get them on a whim. Too many times have I seen some of my friends and other people I know, buy pets impulsively and didn’t even think about how much responsibility goes into taking care of a pet. A couple of my friends ended up giving up their dogs, as they couldn’t handle the responsibility of taking care of them (didn’t have time to do so, weren’t as responsible as they thought they were, etc.).

I don’t mean to sound like a parent lolol, I know that you’ll take good care of them!
One on the right is legit smiling
Look at that smile 💕
You got played lol
Love their names. May I suggest naming next female kitten Tomi? :D
That’s how it works. You see those faces and they suck you in. Little con artists.

This is why I’m not allowed to go to the animal shelter 😂 we already have four animals.
Your wife knows what's up
Manipulation 
100
You and your wife are awesome too!
Majin cats
Oh my Lord... It's not a good strategy to pass by Aww when you've drank a lot of wine! I just wanna cry looking at those two!! <3
Beautiful.🐾😍
They have so much personality!
Oldest trick in the book.
He on the right.  That is a million dollar smile.  Not a homicidal cat smile either.  A good boy.
Op is this your first cats?
If you don't know already, they are at least part Maine coone cats. Amazingggg cats. Be prepared for them to get much larger. You can tell by their M on the forehead and large paws.
Look at that smug smile! Haha
Were they from the same litter?
LOOK AT THEIR SMILES THEY KNOW THEY HAVE THEIR NEW FAMILY SO PURE
Mike gets it.
r/adoptdontshop <3
Ahh, the kittens face on the right! He looks so pleased with himself! So cute!
lol they saw you coming a mile away i bet. moment you walked i the door they were like "get the kittens ready to leave"
Same thing happened to my girlfriend and I. Didn't even have litter boxes or food or anything. Enjoy your little brain parasites, you won't regret it 😊
Two male cats?


Be prepared to have your house smell like piss.
Why does this make me miss cat videos
This is the second pet named Mike that I've seen on reddit today after never meeting or seeing an animal anywhere named Mike.
Mike looks stoned
And from now, until forever, because they look the same; You will both be calling them by their wrong names, and wondering which one just flew past you... etc... 
My wife and I are always having this exchange...
"Which one was that?"
"I duuno... Cat."
Munchkins!
Congratulations! I have a cat named Mike, too (Michael when he's in trouble).
I’m assuming Mike is on the right, look how smug that look is:

*time to find my scratching post... ON THE COUCH*
Which one is Tucker and which one is Mike ?
The cat on the right looks like wearing a helmet:)
Really puffy
So jealous! So cute
No Dale?
The one on the right looks like a born troublemaker. Grats on the adoption!
That smile tho...
Mike already has an old man face.
Those EARS!!
Awww...so adorable
Maybe one day they’ll grow into their ears but if they don’t it’s ok because they are supremely adorable!
I love tortoiseshells, the 'M' always reminds me of Vegeta letting Babidi curse/turn him
22nd Meow Street
babies
Your boy with the collar and that smirk he has on
Mike has a cheesy smile going on; I like it. Unfortunately my rescue has "resting bitch" face, still love her though.
They look, awesome! Congratulations on the new additions to your family.
Which one is the smug looking one?
Me want one
Yeah, and frat bois *just* put the tip in. So you know what it's like
Are they brothers/same litter of kittens
I'm assuming Mike is on the right; his smile is gorgeous! Both are really cute.
That smile ❤️
I'd watch an animated show starring those two
The right one looks like he smoked some really mellow dope
My husband could’ve told you that was going to happen.
Look at those smiles!! Welcome to the wonderful world of cats!!
Lil Majin Buus from the m's on their heads
Aww they are two darn cute. Congrats!
Mike looks like he's up to no good and Tucker is just following along.
The one on the right is the cool cat.
Wow! Handsome bois!!!
The one with the bell looks cool.
Aaaw, Mike has his initial on his face.

Tucker on the other hand has a random M.
btw VERY smart to get 2 cats (now stop, no more)  
they'll be content even while you both are at work.    
make sure to fix them as per vet/agency guidelines.  
no matter the struggle, trim all nails every 6-8 weeks,    
it's not hard to do it yourself, just take some patience    
good light and eyesight using quality guillotine nippers.  
take that role from the start your SO will adore you for it.
So great that you got TWO! I have two cats that were rescued together. They are still best buddies and they turn 10 yrs old in August.
Was it a “bogo”. When I went for only one kitten...the lady helping me whispered into my ear, “ we can do a bogo.” So in turn Doug and Goose came home to meet Duck. Yes. The three cats are Duck, Doug, and Goose.
They look awesome!
Beatiful boy😍😍😍💕
Tucker is adorable and Mike looks so chill. Congrats!
Tucker looks like that best bud who will stay beside you always, and Mike looks like that guy who would make you smile when you were feeling down. You got some good ones!
Your cat on the right there is smiling. Phase 1 is complete.
I want a cat so badly, but my wife hates them.  
These are adorable.
Little guy on the right hamming it up for the photo. The left guy is in his own way too. Both are adorable.  Enjoy them!!
Watch that guy on the right. He's gonna be the troublemaker.
Mike... Haha
Now, who's to blame for that ambush? The wife or the kittens?
Darn! So close to Dale and Tucker.
The one on the left has mittens
Well played wife.  Well played.
Omg most beautiful cats I’ve ever seen
She knows what she was doing...
Miiiiiiike coming in with that smile
Those are the cutest kitties ever! Congratulations and thank you for giving them a loving home.
The one on the right looks so happy to be with you.
Mike is smiling
Aww, look at the little smile!
The one with the bell looks like a troublemaker. Congrats on the new family members!
Oh Mikes gonna be a little shit, look at that smirk 😏
He really does look like a Mike.
I like the way the one on the right is smiling. Lovely.
Lol your wife knew what she was doing. Congrats on the new kitties!
This is too adorable.
What cute little babes
One of them even has a smile on it's face 😊
Never...never....never go to a humane society.
Cats do not belong on the table!
The one on the right...I'd keep an eye on him.
Awsome. Love dude on the right's smile. He knows he has a permanent home now. Congratulations!
Awh they are smiling.
So unbelievably cute!
Welcome Home Tucker & Mike!
The little fella on the right looks really grateful so cute!
I vote you change Mike's name to Caboose. 

RvB would be proud.
The smile on the right kitty. Omg so precious!! They are both adorable!
I cannot go to the shelter. I would come home with a zoo to add to what I already have
That is always a trap, usually a cute cuddling one, but still a trap.
Awww how adorable 😍😍😍
too cute!  Yup, they have lots of personality.
you don't adopt an animal. the animal adopts you. learned that with my cat.
They look like a Tucker and Mike!
Look at the smile on Mike (I'm presuming)'s face 🤗
Big smile on the big boy
Mike be chilln like a villain
Of course they’re awesome!!!
You got suckered. The best kind of suckered.
It’s even easier at the animal shelter! I now have 4 cats and one 150lb pup, and zero bed space.
Mike seems quite pleased with himself.
Too adorable!
The lil boy on the right is so happy. I have a little buddy like him. He smiles so sweet when he gets pet and sleeps in a little ball with his tail wrapped around him.
Last night I dreamt I had a cat. I think it was orange and really cute. White paws, orange and white coat. Like puss in boots. However, I’m allergic to cats, so why I’d ever own a cat is the real mystery here.
Are they both polydactyls??
You can just see the different personalities between the two of them and its adorable
That’s the “let’s just see if it fits” line of animal adoption
Who's Tucker and who's Mike? They look like two sides of the same coin. Adorable.
The one on the right is gonna be an asshole. I can just tell.
Ol’ Mike looks like he may be a little trouble maker! Look at him smirking, very cute
Look at those paws, gonna be some big bois
HI TUCKER AND MIKE! I LOVE YOU!
Meet your two new IG stars.
The right one is just like :3
NEVER go to the shelter to ‘just look’

One time I went in looking for a kitten and ended up with a 60lb American Bulldog.

One time I went in looking for a kitten and ended up with a huge older orange tabby because he was pawing at the cage door wanting me to pet him.
Cute and good boiz
Those are the cutest cats I've ever seen
Enjoy scooping shit for the next 15 to 20 years. I regret the day my wife convinced me to "see what the adoption process was like".
That smile!!!👍😍😍
Look at those little ears 😍
I read human adoption center lol kinda is.
mikes the boss LUL
They're ADORABLE!!!!
Kitty on the right has an adorable smile
Stopping to the adoption center “just to look” is the biggest lie anyone has ever told
What amazing cattos. Well done!
You can tell which one is the troublemaker.
Happy kitties
They are the coolest kittens I’ve seen in a while !
You can get a cat on the same day? No home checks etc?
Mike definitely looks like he's up to something,
I hope the one on the right is Mike. He looks like a Mike.
Do they get to take turns with the bell?
You should get your other cat a collar just so he doesn't feel left out, just look how happy the one is compared to the other...
Your new overlords look awesome
Oh my God....too much cuteness 😻😻
Why did you name the cat that? Give him a real name!...

“Where all these goofy f_cking boys names coming from?! Taylor, Tyler, Jordan, Flynn. These are not real names! You want to hear a real name? Eddie. Eddie is a real name, whatever happened to Eddie, he was here a minute ago. Joey and Jackie and Johnny and Phil. Bobby and Tommy and Danny and Bill, what happened? Todd. And Cody, and Dylan, and Cameron, and **Tucker**
Hi **Tucker**, I'm Todd. Hi Todd, I'm **Tucker**. F_ck **Tucker, Tucker** sucks. And f_ck **Tucker's** friend, Kyle. that's another soft name for a boy, Kyle. Soft names make soft people. I'll bet you anything that ten times out of ten, Nicky, Vinnie, and Tony would beat the sh_t out of Todd, Kyle, and **Tucker**”

- George Carlin
"Okay, but we're not getting two full-size ones."
Well now you know what the adoption process is like ☺️
I think it's great that they both chose you!
Smile
The one on the right is Jim smiling through the blinds
I imagine the smug looking one on the right is Mike. He seems like he's a Mike
My wife convinced me to do the same thing yesterday and now we have a hold on a dog and an appointment to visit him on Tuesday....
Humane Societies are the best thing ever.

... I miss you Shadow.
:3 mike
awwww i love them
The right one looks so content
This one cat just want this bell
Look at the smile on the right one...
He is really happy
Lol I don’t know why but I love animals with human names.
Wow they are so adorable! Just went to the shelter yesterday with a friend to help her pick out an older cat to adopt. He’s such a gentle, sweet boy. It was sooo hard for me to not leave with a cat. I want one but I live with my boyfriend in an apartment in LA and we both work 8hours every weekday. He feels we wouldn’t be able to take care of a cat. I get what he means, but it makes me so sad like....when will I ever have time to take care of a furry friend? Sigh.
Mike must be a silent killer.
Awesome until the little derps come and steal your heart. Then they wake you up in the morning because they know they have a human to boss around. Similar to my wife.
The smile of the second one 🤗
Good job getting two males vs m/f. Those brothers will keep each other entertained and probably won't fight as much as opposite genders.
You fool! You fell for one of the classic blunders!
Congrats on getting adopted OP
The one on the right has got the funniest looking smile on his face. Watch out for that one
Don’t be fooled by the dopey happy smile on the dude on the right’s little face!  That’s how they sucker you into becoming slaves!
Oh, what cuties. Make sure you get them kitty towers and scratchers.
Argh that "hello world" and smug "I am now very loved" combo... My poor heart
Don't they do a home check first?
That kitty has such a beautiful smile: )
These guys kinda look like Jay and Silent Bob
They are awesome..... and you can tell they know it too!
Aww, they have socks! Cats with socks are the cutest. 😍

Are they brothers?
Tale as old as time
Mike (the right one I assume) has that troublesome shit eatin' grin that says "Buddy, you have no idea that we are in control now!" They're both cuties, give 'em extra treats and tuna.
Thanks I love them
I’m guessing Tucker is the one with the bell and Mike is bit grumpy but cute looking one
Not to be dramatic, but I would die for the one on the right
The expression in Bell Boy! Thumbs up.
Take cml.  Mct n.     
             J.        Cg.
Should have named tucker and lee
Right one I think want make some trouble...
I love they’re already on the furniture 😂
Oh God these two look so cute. I think I can adopt a couple of cats in the future. Good luck with your cats. God bless you and your family.
The smile on the one on the right is so cute.
Adorbs..
Gorgeous
The one in the right is Mike gotta be
Cat on the right is like “yeah that’s right this is my house now.”
Love their gloves, and the little M’s on their foreheads.
That smug face is screaming "I got you!"
Happy Catto best catto
Tucker did it.
The one on the right is like 'haha, sucker!'

Congrats! You'll have lots of fun and appreciation from them.
That one on the right looks really smug.
Had you named them Tucker & Dale, they could have protected your from Evil.
They look like very good boys
You missed your chance at naming Mike Dale.

BTW the one on the right looks like he's gonna be trouble.
I just wanna travel at your house and just kiss them in their little-wittle foreheads
Please.. stop putting bells on cats..... this is just killing the thing they're best at...
Please tell me Tucker is the any one on the left and Mike is the smiles on the right.
Op we're gonna need weekly/monthly updates on these two.
Mike & Ike would’ve been cool lol 😂
High 5 to your wife.  They are adorable!
They look so happy - good job, human!
CALCULATED!
cute smol boyes
Such little sweeties!  Thank you for adopting 2 together!
I had a Mike the cat.... Best cat in the world... Enjoy yours!
Congrats!  Theyre adorbs
Thank you for saving these lil precious babies. ❤️  I cannot go near a place it breaks my heart and I want them all
Welp, now you know about that process!! 💕
The kitten on the right has to be a paid actor.
Aww, are they named after these 2?

[https://imgur.com/N1uWkOu](https://imgur.com/N1uWkOu)
That smirk...
Is the one smiling Mike?
We would have loved a dog but I work long days and my kids have chaotic schedules so we decided on a kitty cat........We ended up getting  two. Sisters of the same litter. Arya and Phoebe. Phoebe is still skittish but warming up. She’s the one with the mouse in her mouth and Arya is totally at home. I was not much of a cat person but now, I can’t imagine my home without them. :)

https://imgur.com/a/zjSWLdr/
Mike is the smiling one?  Those names are adorbs, and seem fitting.
The one with the collar and bell is grinning lmao
It’s Jay and Silent Bob!
Im guessing mike is on the right.  He looks like a mike
I love your two little guys too btw!!!!
I had the exact same thing happen to me...
Tucker immediately reminded me of the [“Yea I peed in your nachos,”](https://i.imgur.com/Cr5ICve.jpg) bit on The Daily Show.
I want to adopt now, but I’ll be moving in 2 months. Should I do it?
Does anyone ever go in and NOT adopt????
If the collar is too loose, they can easily hang themselves just by jumping down somewhere and getting stuck. Be careful.
And you are awesome!
That smile 😊
Oh they are the cutest. Please keep posting pictures of them as they grow.
Your wife knew exactly what she was doing. The Purrfect Crime.
Look at that smile from the kitty on the right, he definitely was happy to be rescued! 😸
These cats are so freaking cute. I'm happy for you, your wife & these precious babies. My aunt adopted two cats this past fall & although it's been some work (the one cat was a year old & she's skittish, we think she was treated poorly but the kitten my aunt wanted was calming for her so she got them both), she's happy & it's been great to watch them come out of their shells.
They look soooo happpppyyyyy
Aww such good looking cats...the one on the right looks like a lot of fun.
The one on the right looks so smug.

"Yeah, you're stuck with me now. I am the new ruler of this domain."
Yea that is how I ended up with my three, two from a rescue and recently to help out a family who had to get rid of their pedigree cat due to devolving allergies.
Someone please tell me Mike is the one on the left with the “M” on his forehead
Mike looks pretty smug about the whole thing!
He’s smiling!
Left is still not sure , right is delighted
They're gonna be big boys! Look at those feet
Tucker & Mike sounds like the name of a buddy cop movie. Congratulations!
That smile!❤️
Omg, they are soooooo cute
Have you had kittens before? I am a huge cat lover and have 5 currently.  

Kittens are so cute for a reason..

Extreme cat curiosity +  extreme stupidity from being 'new' to life  =  adorable unholy terrors for the first few months 

So very worth it!!
Omg Mike is smiling!! The cutest little kittens!!
I am glad you got adopted
They look like the purrfect amount of mischief
Goddamn those are some cute kittens
Mike looks like he's up to no good
Brothers are the best! Ended up adopting 2 stray brothers and best decision ever. They keep each other playing when my husband & I are too busy. They teach each other how to.playbfor fun and not the hurt. They adore each other and hate each but refuse to be apart. I love my boys and know you will too.
Congratulations, they are adorable!! 
   
We got our two boys 9 years ago, they are still good buddies and care for each other. Two cats is the best. 
   
One thing we did, in addition to playing with their paws a lot and holding them, is that Hands Are Not Toys. Any time they started playfully biting/nipping/scratching our hands, we replaced our hand with a cat toy. As adults, they never bite or scratch. Instead, if they want to let you know they dont like something, they lick your hand to ask you to stop petting their belly or whatever. It's real sweet.
It’s always kitties that get the front page Humane Society posts, not so much with the puppies unfortunately
Oh my gosh! The one with the bell is ADORABLE!
Mike better be the one with an M on his head
Ermagherd they’re adorable
Cute!
Enjoy the brotherly hijinx!!
That's how my fiancee got me 🤣
The one in the left is like :Where tf am i?



And the one in the right is like: Hellow homans :)
The right one is clearly a Mike.
The one on the right looks like the kind of troublemaker who knows he's adorable and how to exploit it to get away with stuff.
Sweet!
The cutest smile 😊
Mike will be a trouble maker.
Mikes expression 💕
The one on the right tells me you're in for some trouble.

Congratulations!!!!
The one on the right looks like a smartass
The standing one gives out smile like Bart Simpson!
Look at that face omfg
Omg. The one smiling on the right. Soo cuteee
Should've put "pawsome"
The one the left is gonna be a handful
And your cat is smiling. How nice.
Should have been Tucker and Malcolm lol
Realistically, how are you going to tell them apart?
The one with the bell on its collar looks like it is up to something.
the one on the right is a smug shit.


good choice op
Right one has such a smug smile ❤️
Mike knows what's up.
Good, you always want to take on a 15 year commitment based on an impulse decision.
Mike is on the right isn’t he? He looks like a mike
That cat definitely looks like a mike!
They are so great!!
I can definitely tell Mike is the one on the right
they look like a stoner-comedy duo
That right one looks like it's smiling!
Tucker & Dale is what they should be named.
That smug smile.  Love it!
.b. N  n   fy vtb.   B😙 be.
My heart!!! Cute babies!
She got ya 😂
Awesome names
This happened to me too.
Mike's a smartass, I see already
Be careful of tucker he might,make sex jokes
OMG this is ridiculous levels of adorable
Just an FYI, your wife totally played you. Also those are some adorable kittens, congrats!
The long story seems Cute, you should be thanking your wife...  😊
Tucker and Mike. Cute names for cute bois. Which one's smiling there?
Please don’t put a bell around their neck.
Omg that smile!
They are so beautiful.
Those EARSSS
One on the right is gonna steal yo' girl.
Mike is one smug looking cat
I like them. I like them, a lot.
Awww I love their names
I love their smiles! Ooooh! So cute!

  


Sleep with your eyes open though...
Neuter early (3 pos) to prevent their developing a spraying habit. We did and our two orange guys are just lovely companions and hella mouse killers out of doors on our farm.
Is Mike short for Micycle?
That one on the right is gonna be trouble.
I love him.
Mike looks like one smug son of a bitch...
They look very happy that you brought them home.
They looks so happy!
Mucked and Tike
Soooo cute
“just to see”
:| :3
the one on the right looks like a smug little shit lol
Have you been reading 'The Saga of Tuck?!'
Their duo stances could only be better if they did a back-to-back, buddy cop pose.
Cats are awesome till it's time to eat.
Holy crap! So awesome! Mazel Tov!
The cat on the right looks so smug!
She knew before you walked in
You can already tell who the rambunctious troublemaker is going to be
Don't feel bad.  

You can renew licenses at a local shelter here.  Went in to renew licenses, came home with kitten. 

That'll learn my hubs to send a kittenholic on an errand like that!
Shoulda been Tucker & Dale. Lmao
I just want to hug them all day 🤗
That cat on the right knows something.
They are both so cute! But the one on the rights face! <3
That smirk...
The one on the right is smirking lol adorable
They look like fennic fix hybrids!
OMG thy are adorable!
i love people that adopt animals specially cats that are my favorite animal God bless you
The cat on the right must from now on be called Smug Cat!
Ahh, the classic “were just looking.”
Way too cute!
Oh my god they're so heccin cute..
