When I was 10 I was  taking my border collie for a walk in a snow storm. I slipped on ice and landed so hard that I was not only winded, but felt entirely unable to move. My dog dragged me by my hood to shelter under a playground and then layed on me to keep me warm. 

That girl was the goodest of girls that day.
We had two border collies on our farm, helped with rounding up the cattle. One day my mother was out gardening, and my little sister (aged about 3 at the time) was pottering around in the yard. One of the dogs, Shep, starts barking like hell at my mother. She gives in and follows him, and finds the other dog, Fly, sat with my sister who'd gotten stuck in the mud and was crying. My mother wouldn't have heard her where she was, and the dogs knew to both stay with my sister, and also get help. They were the best.

EDIT: Thanks for the gold, and good to know that my highest ever comment is about those two very good boys. [Here is a picture of them both](https://imgur.com/a/7yrNETK), Shep is on the left with the white eye (common in border collies).
I'm pretty sure my border collie understands the entire English language. I'll tell him to do something that he's never done before and he'll do it without any other prompting. They pick up context clues so well.
I like in the end the little one tries to get the leash and the older one is like. Nope
We recently got a border collie puppy.

I keep my shoes on a shelf in the room where the dog was, and it had taken a shoe to chew.

I told him no and put the shoe back. So he went and got another different shoe. I said no and put that shoe back, so he got yet another shoe - again I said no and put the shoe back, this time he took another shoe and left he chew toy in the space where the shoe was as a trade. Again “no”.

He went through one of every pair of shoes on the shelf (about 6 pairs), no repeats, and after being told “no” for each one he has never tried to chew any of my shoes since.

I figured just how smart a puppy I was dealing with when he left the chew toy as a “trade”…damn they’re clever.
https://i.imgur.com/UkssP4K.gifv
I have a border collie mix (we think? She looks like a border collie except solid black and with hazel eyes.) When we first got her, we thought she was a rather dumb dog because she never reacted much to commands, despite having been taught them. At some point, we tried this with food in the offing. She immediately became incredibly obedient and knew exactly what we were talking about.

Turns out she was just obstinate, I guess. Since then, there are many instances where she’s proven to have some intelligence buried somewhere in that black furry noggin of hers
I think this is staged, but it's still cute.
[removed]
I will brag until I die about how my childhood collie/lab mix climbed a vertical ladder a full story after watching me climb it once.
I have a border collie, and I have to say, mine is subtly intelligent. Seems like your average dog, but he does shit from time to time that makes me realize how smart he really is.
Staged, 14-17 seconds in you can see the "backend" of the dog being pushed up in a way that would be inpossible if he was being pulled by the leash, there's someone who's lifting the dog :P
When he’s done with that do you think he could take a look at my taxes? Have a few questions about what I can deduct with some upcoming life events.
This hit me in the feels. My family dog Sadie was a border collie and was the only bit of happiness during my parents divorce. She sadly passed away with cancer but even now, years later, I remember  her as a shining beacon during the fog of a terrible, sad part of my youth
I'm a simple man, I see a Border, I press upvote.
Our old border collie could understand complete conversations.  That said, as people mention below, they are insanely active and need things to do.
Why would somebody go through the effort to stage all this? You can see the dog getting lifted up under his behind. Like just show them playing with a ball and I’ll upvote it
I had a border collie and one day he didn't want to go inside and was fighting me then all of a sudden he quit fighting and started to go up the front steps.  I let go of his collar and he got to the top of the steps, turned left, ran past the planters that blocked the front of the porch and off the end that wasn't blocked and back into the yard for more playing.
"You just wait til your father hears about this buster!"  - Mother
r/donthelpjustfilm
So much smarter than my dog (a Japanese Chin). He is the most adorable, well-mannered, sweet dog but still has no clue that he is on a leash when we are on walks.  He tries to walk in circles around things then gets confused by the leash getting in the way. He still hasn't figured it out after 6 years.
Can confirm I raised a border collie shepard mix and it was a bizarre experience because as he was extremely intuitive. I could command him to do things with zero previous training or instruction. At one point my girlfriend who was "supposed" to be his trainer asked me to take him to training classes. All the  other dogs struggled with eeeeeverything but my dog was awesome. "walk on my right, walk on my left, sit, stand, ignore this food til I say go" all that stuff, one try every single time. It was like he just understood everything I was saying in perfect english. Ive had various other breeds before and since. None of them could understand complex commands like him. Im confident if she hadn't run off with the poor guy I probably coulda taught him to do my homework.
I’ve spent a lot of time with border collies, and I think the assertion that they’re the most intelligent breed is misleading. Borders are certainly very intelligent, but what really sets them apart from many breeds is their intense desire to work. My terrier is every bit as intelligent as my collie, in fact I think she’s probably better at new learning and reasoning, but she lacks the drive of the collie. The collie will persist with learning something new for ages, while the terrier has her own agenda and loses interest after a while.
I have a border collie and he must be the collective stupid of all the other border collies.
"Can I have my leash back?"
"You can have it back when you prove you deserve it again."
My border collie just passed away 2 years ago, but he was the greatest dog I've ever met.  I know a lot of people say that about their dogs, but there really was something special about him.  He was terribly afraid of thunder, so one stormy night he inevitably came down to the basement (as he always did to 'escape' the storm).  Well I was sitting at my computer and he walked over and nudged me, then walked over to the TV and stood there..looking back at me, then to the TV, then back at me.  It went on for a minute until I realized he wanted me to turn on the TV because it makes noise and it would cancel out the noise of the thunder.  Sure enough, as soon as I walked over and turned it on, he turned around to jump on his couch (his normal sleeping spot) and waited out the storm.  I still miss you Tyson, RIP.
Nice multi camera setup for something so spontaneous
This is the equivalent of watching a Jeep owner pull someone out of a ditch
They are good doggies.
We had a Border Collie.

&#x200B;

If a car approached while walking down our rural gravel road, the dog would nudge both of my kids into the ditch and then lay on top of them until the car passed.

&#x200B;

Loved that dog.

&#x200B;

RIP Bay.
And the most restless, if you get a border collie you need to keep it entertained with tricks and stuff or it will destroy your whole house.
While this is staged more than a fuckin real housewives fight, they really are incredibly intelligent dogs.
We had two Tibetan mastiffs puppies when I was a kid. We would put them in a medium-enclosure outside while everyone was gone so they wouldn't get into anything while we weren't home. However, we'd always come home and the male would be running amok. My dad would fix the hole he had dug, and he would just find another way out. We ended up changing his name to Houdi (Houdini). His size as he got older didn't hinder him in his magic acts. Even when he was over 140lbs of chonk he'd still squeeze his way out.   


By the end of upgrading that cage, we had chain link on the top of the cage, wooden boards surrounding the perimeter to prevent him from digging out, and he even added more latches to the gate. Houdi beat my dad's devices every. single. time.   


Fortunately for us, mastiffs don't have much ambition, so we would usually just find him laying down under a shady tree or the front porch. 

&#x200B;

He was a good boy.
My mother has a cat that opens jars. 
The cats and dogs in the house team up to open doors. We change the door knobs from the handle style to the round one, they still adapted. 
We gave up and make them obey with food.
You have to be sceptical about that, because it's mostly the border collies writing those articles.
/r/donthelpjustfilm/
WHY ARE THEY FILMING?
I had one , he was perfect and such a good boy :3
My dog can’t even figure out that he’s attached to a leash when we’re walking by a pole.
Border collies would be the perfect dog were it not for having 400 times the energy of a normal dog.
One of my little boys is a Border Collie/Australian Shepherd mix, and it's almost frustrating how smart he is. We have a screen door on the front door of our house, and he will open it when someone he knows is at the door. Never any strangers.
My border collie recently died at the age of 17.  She was the smartest dog I've ever known but one instance comes to mind. When I first moved to a new town I had to move to an apartment (which is usually not an ideal setting for a border collie but she did great). One day I come home from work at the overwhelming smell of dog poop is filling my entire apartment. My dog looks guilty but not ashamed like she usually did when she did something wrong.  I search the entire place but cannot find the source of the smell. Finally, I go into the bathroom and pull back the shower curtain to find the tub filled with massive dog diarrhea. At some point during the day, she had an upset stomach and REALLY needed to go. So instead of destroying my entire apartment with a layer of brown, she knew the bathtub would be the best place to go and easiest to clean up. Told you she was brilliant. Man, I miss her.
The downside of their intelligence, they need a rather intelligent human, otherwise they tend to believe they're the alpha.
"Get up you lazy fuck"
My border collie is so smart that my bro and I have to use code words and have to work on not letting or facial expressions give anything away because my boy will figure out what we're trying to say. I.e.:

&#x200B;

\- "Hey" I tell to my brother and the first one to turn around is our dog and stares at my face

\- "Hey, um" \* keeps a stoic face and tries not to move lips because if I say words like, 'let's go', or 'want to go' he'll know\*

"It's a hot day, let's g word to the b word and take him with the f word", yes, I literally cannot say, let's GO to the BEACH, and take HIM (can't say dog or his name) with the FRISBEE"
My border collie is so sensitive and in tune to my family’s emotions. My mom was crying downstairs one time, and my dog came upstairs and just kept looking at me, really intensely. I was curious so I got up to see him and he started walking down the stairs but kept checking to make sure I was following him. He gets to the family room and just sits down. I was giggling the whole time because I was like ‘where is he taking me’ but my mom was crying downstairs because her father was in the hospital, and my dog knew she needed comfort so he went and got me.
Lol and u wonder why some parents keep their kids on leashes
Fun fact, there are at least 2 cameras meaning someone set this up and watched rather than just helping the dog in the first place
i have a border collie with brain damage, he lives a happy and fulfilling life but boy does he make you hilariously question whether the breed is as smart as people say. when i practice his 'spin' trick with him, he turns 180', forgets what he was doing and where you are (immedietly behind him) and walks away to do his own thing. he is very good boy and i love him.
super staged, but they are super smart and australian Shepard's to, my aussie open al the doors in my house.
What about compared to foreign dogs?
Or the person filming could of helped instead of the pup getting choked. But hey no internet likes. Dogs are still adorable, fuck humans though.
Who is filming this instead of helping the dogs
Have 3 y/o collie. Can confirm, they are crazy smart if you put the time in to train and bring it out of them! And truly the best companion! They are never truly tired though, at least in my experiences. Fuckers can always go go go
Why didn't the cameraman help the dog 😂
Meanwhile my border collie traps himself in the bathroom almost daily
r/dogsarefuckingsmart
Yesterday my dog gave itself a concussion by running head first into a wall. A wall thats been there.
Nobody going to give the third dog credit for filming and editing?
I had a border collie mix who just passed a little while back. Sweetest dog in the world, and I miss her so much.

When she was a few years old, we had another dog, Sassy, who was very old, mostly blind and deaf, arthritis, the works. At the time, their water dish was in a room that didn't have a door, but the house's backdoor could swing open and cover up the entry to the room. The old dog was too out of it to know anything beyond the fact she couldn't get into that room, and would stand looking at the door. Ruby, the border collie, would come along and see this. She'd gently push past Sassy and use her pay and nose to pull the door open, letting her get to the water dish. Ruby would watch and make sure she got in and out of the room ok, then just go back to being a dog.

Best dog I've ever had. Will be adopting another border collie eventually when I get my own place.
We had a pair while I was growing up. They could open every door in the house which consisted of half a dozen different mechanisms. Awesome dogs but a lot of work.
When your dog can walk your other dog.
I have a border collie lab mix. She hates barking. Would punk our little dog every time he went crazy long enough that he eventually stopped barking. She trained him for us.
Title explains why my adorable little shithead learned how to open his kennel on his own. God I love my dog.
I better keep a hold of this leash, you don’t know WTF you’re doing
Nice effort, but who’s the @#$&* who just stood there filming and didn’t go help save that dog?
We need to have a talk about the camera person, though...
This video was circulating around IG a few months ago.

I'm sorry to be a Debbie Downer but this is one of those videos that definitely looks like it was set up by a person (or people) so they can simply film it for social media.
Well, one of them is...
I want to know who films this instead of helping?
The Border Collies are very intelligent for dogs, the man filming instead of helping is less known for his intelligence amongst humans.
My Border Collie puppy is stuck in the ditch! I better film instead of helping it get out
Meanwhile, some a-hole human is just sitting there watching/recording this whole thing and never lifts a finger to help lol
r/animalsbeingbros
A little discomfort of being hanged builds character and also gets us out of the hole to sniff each other’s butts
Those are such cool dogs. If you ever get one though you better have lots of jobs for it to do. They are miserable laying on a couch or in a pen. I saw one run into a pasture (not his pasture) and started herding the horses. It was a hoot.
As much as I love my Border Collie, she's dumber than a pile of rocks.
If they're so smart why didnt the small dog just create a ladder smh fakes
Border collies are smart enough to be assholes.
Was anyone else expecting to see the smaller dog get knocked off the ledge again at the end?
NOT SO FUN FACT
How do you think they train young sheep dogs on a busy working farm? I'll tell you how, They tie the young dog to the adult dog with about 4 feet of rope and the young dog either keeps up or gets dragged.
Great dogs and are incredibly intelligent but are the biggest shit heads as puppies because of their intelligence.

Source: I have a Border Collie.
My dog is so stupid, if there was a set of stairs right beside him in the canal, he still wouldn't know how to get out..
I had two borders for a while. The older one, Joey, watched the tree trimmers grab branches they’d clipped and drag them to a woodpile behind our house. Joey saw them make two or three trips before he began to drag branches along with them. Before we knew it, the crew was taking videos, just amazed at him.
"Hold still.  I'm going to pull you up by the rope around your neck."
Buddy of mine had a border collie growing up. His mom was outside in a pen with the dog and a bull. The bull decided to run at his mom but the dog got in between them, grabbed the bull by the nose and twisted. The bull went down, hard.
I had a border collie/German Shepherd mix growing up. He was definitely not intelligent, in fact he was dumb as a rock. But he was the sweetest, most adorable boy in the world. I don’t go a single day without thinking about him.
This is both cute and representative of anybody trying to get me to attend a social event (I’m the lump being pulled).
u/Gintoki-desu US
Intelligent, but still got dumb-ass kids
We just gonna sit here and act like this is real? Okay
Why help just film
TIL some photographers are assholes.
You can see a hand to the right of the puppy at 24 seconds. Otherwise, the mom dog would be chocking the puppy.
r/donthelpjustfilm
My parents were sold a “pure bred border collie”. 
Ended up being 25% Aus. Shepherd, 25% Aus. Cattle Dog, and 25% chihuahua. It got the chihuahua legs and is so goofy looking but I still love him.
We have a border collie, she Chase's cars and only wants belly rubs
In college I had a friend with a border collie.  They were playing frisbee and it accidentally sailed onto the roof.  There was a ladder nearby and the dog tried to climb it to get on the roof because he understood what ladders are for.
Lassie getting the little one out of the well rather than running to Farmer Joe for help
Ok, but if they’re so smart how’s the little one get stuck in the first place? Hmm? Checkmate, border collies
Can confirm. My border collie mix is almost so smart it scares me but he is my good boye and I love him.
I swear if border collies had thumbs you could teach them to cook you breakfast
The human recording is an asshole
R/don'thelpjustfilm
Collar instead of harness would've gone differently
But what breed was camera operator and why it didn't helping it?
My friend has one, and it literally knows every item in that house and backyard. He just has to say go get "blank" and the dog will retrieve it immediately. It's unbelievable.
Mix them with a black lab, you get my little idiot.
"And in other news, the first recorded public hanging of a dog by another dog...this and other disturbing news at 11."
Yea this is cute, but everyone acting like this is actually real. It seems very unlikely and faked from how it was recorded
Hang on... why didn’t the person filming just help the poor fucking dog?
So was this a training session or was the recorder really not interested in trying to help get that dog out?
My border collie is mixed with a jackass
Fun fact: They also try to hang their young
My dog doesn’t even know how to open a cracked door with his nose
My border collie did my taxes last year. She found all sorts of deductibles.
Without taking away from the effort, who’s taking the video?

Of course, it could be another Border Collie...
Who’s the asshole filming? Put down the camera and help the dog.
Did he just kidnap that other dog.
My collie likes to chase and jump at butterflies...he frequently wraps himself around poles...
I just like this clip.  Pure love
If he's so smart, how'd he get stuck down there?
My border collie will beg me to play and I say “hold on”  and he sits patiently until i say “okay let’s go”.   He will grab his rope and look at me and I say “where’s your frisbee?”  And he will search the entire house until he finds it.  I’ll say “go get your ball!”  And he will find a tennis ball.  I can say “go get the tuggy”  and he will drop whatever he is doing and play tug of war with this flexible rope thing I put in the ground for him.  He has no interest in any other dogs and doesn’t want to play with them, he only wants to follow commands.  It’s amazing
They are very intelligent. But unless you are able to take them everywhere you go then they need a 2nd dog to keep them occupied. They will tear up your home or escape their enclosure and find mental stimulation.
My border collie is lorded over by a 13 year old Chihuahua
I had a border collie/black lab mix growing up. He knew a trick called “get the hat”. If there was 1 person wearing a hat in a room of people, he would climb on their lap and take the hat off their head. He was a smart guy.
To the dog in the trench: geez don’t wear yourself out trying to help him pull you up or anything
Why didn’t the person filming stop and help?
r/DontHelpJustFilm
At the end the puppy's like "ok mom can I have the leash back now?" and the mom's like "you can have it back when you've proven you can be responsible with it"
They are the smartest and loyal. My good boy protected me from a rotweiler when I was 6. Me and my dog were a year apart and he put himself between me and that dog that was chasing me and trying to bite me. He took a beating my boy, granted he came out on top. He held him off long enough for me to get inside and let my dad know. Only injuries he had was one bite mark to the leg, which I vividly remember my dad wrapping and a few scratches. Me and my collie were always close and to this day I think of him every day.
My mates Collie brings me a beer from the porch cooler during parties whenever he notices I'm not  holding one. He also knows only to bring the specific brand I drink. (He does this for a few people he's known for a long time)
r/whywerenttheyhelping
Sometimes it skips a generation.
The one being dragged ain’t winning any trophies
/u/shakuswag
this is coolest thing ive ever seen
I have a border lab, can I still join the Smart Dog club?
Not my border collie. Extremely obedient (to a fault) and a quick learner but cannot think for herself. She needs to be told exactly what to do and how to do it. Love her derpy face nonetheless!
I have a McNab collie. He is my second. They are from California and were bred by a Scotsman to be cattle dogs. They are as smart as a border collie , tougher, as agile as a cat and as clean. They are high energy dogs like borders but not prone to the neuroticism from being house bound. Having said that they are best being working dogs something like fly ball or agility is excellent.
According to research, Border Collies are on the same tier of intelligence of breeds like Poodles, German Shepherds, and Goldens, in that they on average can learn a new command in under five repetitions. They actually rank slightly above them. However, Border Collies rank very low when it comes to problem solving, while Goldens, German Shepherds, and Poodles rank at the top. And there are other breeds that problem solve well but are poor at learning new commands.
This is not a lie. Those fuckers are *sooooooooo* smart. And just look at them! They are so beautiful as well. They are what someone like Kim K wishes she was. Yes, that's right. This BC is a better human than Kim K.
God helps those who help themselves 

Dog helps those who need  help. 

Dog > God ?
Isn't the one being rescued also a border collie? 

So.....

*edit* - yes, I know it's a puppy, and my comment being more tongue in cheek than anything, but still.. with a little belief that pup could make that jump. 

*edit 2* - yes I understand puppies are shy and resistant to the simplest tasks, including stairs even, but this one looks big enough to jump up onto something. 


*edit 3* - Fine. It's fucking cute! Yes, and they are incredibly smart. No, I don't have 5 hours a day to throw a ball for one of my own.
r/donthelpjustfilm
r/donthelpjustfilm/
r/donthelpjustfilm
[deleted]
This is nice and all but did someone really stand back and film a dog that is not even that tiny being pulled up a ledge by his throat? This could really mess a dogs spine and stuff up. not even with body harness but just straight up hanging him from the neck.. idk..
Why didnt the guy filming this help?
I want one
Border crossing.
Come on, you pulled
**Where's the G*d damn Medic?! Dammit!!**
I’ve seen border collies that heard sheep. That shit is ducking crazy! They are so unbelievably smart. And they listen so well to their owners. It’s inspiring.
Well at least one of them.
"WAIT YOU'RE STRANGLING ME!!!!! oh wait, thanks!"
The Indiana Jones theme played in my head for some reason. Would recommend.
Looks like 50/50 to me based on this half are dumb af half are smort
I have a champagne shorthair short about border collie at home. I love her and she’s incredibly intelligent. If you look through my post history you can find her
I kept expecting it to pan over revealing there was a gentle slope or opening they could have walked through.
this is the most heroic dog i’ve ever seen
We have one, hes a bit stupid though
All doggos are smart
They are totally awesome, a bit smarter than poodles, the second smartest
I miss having a dog :( I live in a place thats too small
Why is someone filming
Awesome
probably staged, but the pupper was still pretty dumb, right?
our border collie regularly rolls in horse shit
Last part: "Ok you can let go now"

"No"
Just out here walking my dog
So wait, you're saying a border collie is smart enough to strangle another dog? Amazing!
https://www.reddit.com/r/AnimalsBeingDerps/comments/bxmkjf/enjoying_a_rom_com/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share

Just a little further down my feed....
Now I have a pet doggo for my doggo!
“Most intelligent” yet all mine does is bark at me for no reason at 4 am
Border collies do have among the highest IQs of dogs. They and the standard poodle are the highest, I believe.
Imagine you come out of your home to see a dog walking his dog.
You are in big trouble, young man
I can just imagine the bigger dog's thoughts being "get your ass up here or I'll drag you up" and he did
I used to have one. He was a real smart-ass.
Dogs are to intelligent
well 50% of those dogs looked intelligent..if you average it out, I would say they are about average then
r/animalsbeingbros
Dogs doing incredible things + audio muted usually equals staged
My friend trying to get me up his stairs when I’m drunk
I was waiting for a zoom-out with stairs or a ramp around the corner
If they’re so smart why was he stuck?
I have a lab collie mix. Sometimes he's a genius. Sometimes he does the dumbest things I've ever seen a dog do. Half his brain is lab the other half collie. But his heart is all love.
All but the dumb one that fell in
Not so intelligent... He could asked help for the human filming, bringing stairs...
My doggy is a border collie, and he had this thing about the washing machine, I mean he hated the thing. He barked at it non-stop when it was washing the clothes (We kept him in the utility, but he could go outside via dog flap). One day be finally got revenge. When we were out (school for me, work for my parents) he somehow managed to open the BLOODY DOOR and ATE THE SEAL (the gray plastic that stops water from coming out). We couldn't use the washing machine for a week and we bought one for €150 ($170, £135). The little sh1t is still tormenting us with his barking to this day
My friends at the end of the night dragging me off the side walk outside of the bar.
The dog in the ditch just looks at the camera like “come on”
My border Collies are very smart, so smart in fact they know they're gonna get the treat regardless of whether they do the trick or not.
We do good in Scotland
awww so very sweet!!!





P. .
Yeah... Neighbours border collie is barking all day... even when he is shitting... 

Really intelligent.
I have a Rough Collie... Very Loyal.
I love my border collies. Not all are smart tho. I have two. One is the best she never has needed a leash on walks, let's herself in and out of the house using the door handle, and sometimes opens our oven to get at the food inside (very devious doggi).  Other one i think is kinda special and doesn't do anything but play fetch 24/7 360 days a year and get scared by the vents and will not walk down the hallway without an escort because of said vents. I'm sure my second doggo is the outliar though because my past two before them were smart af.
Most intelligent... My sister's border collie makes me question that one. She ate rocks. Rocks were her favourite thing int he world. Every time she would go outside she would find the biggest rock that would fit in her mouth and just chew it until her teeth broke. By the time she was 2 she had nothing but gums and shattered teeth left.
r/donthelpjustfilm
I do love the look on the rescued dog's face as he's being scraped over the concrete edge.  "Phil! Stop!  This.. oof... isn't.... ooof...  working!!"
So you're saying Lassie could have gotten Timmy out of the well herself?
I'm in love 😍
Wholesome content of the day
Bookmarking for later
big brain boi
So intelligent they can follow stage direction!
If they're so intelligent why didn't they use the stairs?
They are also the most annoying dog. My ex had one as a pet. I used to “joke” that they were so smart, it made them stupid. Meaning they would do stupid/annoying stuff due to their intelligence.
We had a border collie when I was growing up in Alaska. Mac. Got him from a shelter. Best dog we \*ever\* had. Smart as hell. Could learn anything! Loving, loyal, and oh-so-protective of us kids. Still think of him all the time - and that was many, many years ago. RIP Mac. You were the best boy of all.
My Border is 13 and it took me just a couple days to teach her a new hand signal for going on a walk since her hearing is going. Dey smort.
that is amazingly intelligent.
This is r/whyweretheyfilming gold.
Thumbnail made me think it was going to be licking the wall. My Border Collie used to do that sometimes.
The smaller dog was like I wanted to go in peace
I will upvote every repost of this.
I had an Australian Shepard/ boarder collie and she was the sweetest, smartest dog I’ve ever had. #RipRoxy I miss you!
.
Well who needs humans anymore if dogs can walk themselves
They say Border collies have about he intelligence of a 2-3 year old human. From a psychological perspective, even if it was “staged” this isn’t an easy task, very cool to see.
r/helpthedamndog
Is there any consensus on the smartest dog?  I would love to see a hierarchy of dog intelligence that is somewhat objective.  Anything like this every done before?
As a former owner I can assure you there are benefits to having a dumb dog
My only complaint, why didn’t their owner (presumably the camara person) help them out!
Dog: pulls another dog out of a pit.

Me in the pit: *likely dies*
r/donthelpjustfilm
YOU'RE GOING TO THE DENTIST WHETHER YOU LIKE IT OR NOT..
Daddy, you're choking me~
I have 2 border collies and they're dumb af. I love em tho

What happened?
Honey, would you please walk the dog

"Woof"

Thank you!
Really all herding dogs are super smart. I have a mini Aussie and he’ll stare at the tv watching with me, he leans forward during tense situations in the movies and it’s hilarious
Yo dawg
I've got border collies and the first ones I had would blow your mind with what they'd do, not for treats just because they wanted to make you happy. I could get one to climb a tree help push it as high as I could reach and then it would walk along the branch and jump into your arms 8 meters away and then go do it again. Unfortunately have to many now and they get pack mentality and don't listen like the first 2 I had.
Dog: "Fucking human is useless."
Help the damn dog
Ok, I want one
Not so smart. I could have figured that out myself eventually.
Ma! Gimme back my leash.

  


No. You ended up in the ditch.

  


But, maaaaaaa?
I have a solid black border collie.  And yeah, the smartest dog I have ever owned.
"You had 'just five more minutes' ten minutes ago! We're going home!"
i think there was a human below helping him up. the physics/mechanics of that don't work. dog would've soffocated or broken its neck being forced up against a flat wall w/ a sharp edge.
Thanks but I was trying to get to the other side.
r/donthelpjustfilm
Lol the dog being pulled up was like:

"WHY ARE YOU DOING SO MUCH FOR ME?!?!"
My only dog was half border collie, half sheltie. He was so smart, and vocal.
I believe dog intelligence is typically measured by obedience making many of the smartest dogs fall low on the list.
*train a Border Collie to walk dogs*

*start walking business*

*sit at home and make money*
/r/donthelpjustfilm
YESSSSSSS REPRESENT r/bordercollie
I have a border collie. The other night she ate a piece of chalk, a cookbook and 6 balls from my sons ball pit. Stupidest most asshole dog I've ever had!
A true hero. I salute you, doggo.
Why didn’t it just jump
On a side not this demonstrates why everyone should be using body leashes instead of neck only.
I had one he was super smart, taught him tricks with only a signal of my hand or fingers by myself, miss you shadow!
Why didnt the camera man help
You are all invited /r/BirthdayPartyforGary
So cute.
ʷʰᵃᵗ ᵃ ᵍᵒᵒᵈ ᵇᵒʸ
As a border collie owner I can confirm
This is still being reposted here?Its been already established that this was staged,you can clearly see someone pushing the dog after the camera switches,plus the multiple angles
And most active too. If you get one in an apartment you are guilty of animal cruelty.
r/donthelpjustfilm
He didn't even try to help himself up. Lmao. He just let the other dog pull him all the way up. He was like pull harder. Lol.
The puppy is so cute
I have a Border Collie and Labrador Retriever mix and she does the exact same thing with the leash. Every time we go out she tries to walk her herself. She's like: "You're too slow. I'll do it myself"
OH MR PICKLES!
Why did this make me tear up lol
Yeah dont they play jenga?
How did he not hang that poor dog?
So cute.....

So why do people use Golden Retrievers for SD's instead of Border Collies?
The little one was so happy to be out
“But moooooommmm!!! I don’t wanna go to school” 
Momma-“you’re goin”
This is the most r/animalsbeingbros thing I've ever seen
Finally a worthy animal spirit
That lil bish didn’t even try.
I love my border collie/Saint Bernard mix, she’s the kindest most caring dog you’ll meet
r/donthelpjustfilm
how can i download the video pls?
One time mine at an advocado pit and when the vet made him throw it up he couldn't stop throwing up so they had to make him stop that.
Well one of them is anyway...
Oh my gosh!!!
Border collies can also be rude as fuck though. Those dogs got an attitude on em.
😭😭😭
The way the title sounded to me, I was expected the camera to pan over to a nice gentle slope that they could have walked right out.
r/AnimalsBeingBros

&#x200B;

We don't deserve dogs 😭
“Awwww cmon, master is gonna be pissed that you got muddy”

“Jump, dude jump up here...F*** I gotta do everything”

Walking back: “I better get a treat for walking your dumbass back home”
Not gonna lie, I was expecting the camera to pan out and show some stairs.
My friends has a border collie. Super intelligent, but their separation anxiety is no joke.
This makes me miss my border collie. :-(
He dragged him up by his neck! I mean, I wouldn't do that to my friend.
Mine could open doors, velociraptor style. RIP Callie
I saves fwend from pit cuz I’m shmart :3
Pugs!
This was staged. Cameras in multiple positions. Clearly you can see the guy give the dogs rear end a push while the other dog "pulls him out". Stop with the fake videos, you're not proving anything except people are dumb enough to believe a dog could pull another dog that size out of a cement ditch with only his teeth.
Well, one of them is
Unlike shibas that chase a cat and never come back
This video makes me smile :)
Intelligent does not equal good pets (for most people). 

Intelligent means they need a ton of activities and mental stimulation to be happy. 

If you go hiking a lot and do a lot of outdoor activities, they will probably be good. 

If you are only able to have a dog which gets 1 decent walk/run a day, and expect it to be inactive when you aren't around, get a greyhound instead.
Apparently it skips a generation
And some people say *all* dogs are incapable of understanding the concept of leashes.  I say bullshit.
This is complete BS and staged for reddit likes. It could have been dangerous as the pull with the leash would have snapped the pup's neck. Don't encourage stupid contrived videos as this.
Rescue with No hooman required!
You are my pet now!!
“DO YOU EVEN **WANT** TO BE SAVED??”
/r/whyweretheyfilming
“Hey dog! Go walk the dog!”
Smart doggo
mine definitely isn't this smart
Who's filming and not helping this dog?
If they are so intelligent, why did it get stuck in the first place?
Was the camera person also a border collie?  Asking for a friend.
omg ow
u/vredditdownloader
Now I really want one of these good bois.
Get yourself a dog that will walk your other dogs
I'm always torn between whether I want an australian shepherd or a border collie in the future! I love the herding class, and both are so intelligent and fun. You can't deny the intelligence and responsiveness of border collies, though
Yes, or maybe it wanted to murder the pup and it had to hide it since you were filming.

Also, I like how it jumped down and was like, look dumbass, I will drag you out if I have to.
They are. Right there with ACD healers. Never had a ACD or BC let me down. On the other hand...my JRT/Heeler mix is so naughty but a great guard dog.
MY HEART
This is the goodest boy I have seen in my life, after my goodest boy.
/u/Quadricorn
Wow
camra guy is like "this'll be a good reddit post"
So the guy filming gets the one dog stuck in the canal and what if the other dog didn’t rescue him?
r/donthelpjustfilm
My late dog Tucker was a Border Collie / Golden Retriever cross and I used to joke that he was a crude oil (black-gold) retriever but no one ever got it.  

He was a freaking genius and probably the kindest and gentlest dog I’ve ever known.  While he didn’t manage it, saw him attempt to make microwave popcorn by putting an envelope on the counter in front of the microwave multiple times.  He’d press his nose ineffectually against the buttons and get a confused look on his face when nothing happened.  I opened the microwave door once and put down an actual unpopped popcorn package to see what he’d do.

He tried to eat it.  There’s only so much you can hope for from a dog after all.
Smarter than the cameraman apparently.
Not sure if r/AnimalsBeingBros or r/AnimalsBeingJerks or even r/AnimalsBeingDerps
this is great
Old one is intelligent, young one is dumb
That's so cute. Helping a friend.
if only my 8 year old were this smart
This is neat. My Border Collie likes to hide under the chair and drink his own urine.
Why dorsnt the guy stop filming and help?
Why didn't the guy recording just help them out?
I kid you not, my collie could open any door in the house and close it.  Poor boy got DM though, a genetic defect his breed gets, had to put him down.
"Gee, thanks Spike, you're the best!"
Smarter than some humans
Are they good with kids? We are debating what dog to get.  First dog (with children. We've had dogs before) kids are 2 and 4.
Plot twist, he was trying to hang him.
Or the human could have helped instead of recording...
Wow, that’s incredible. He used a tool, that’s really spectacular
My families first dog was a Border Collie and she is still the best dog we’ve ever had. I wish I could remember her better but that’s what happens when they’re a childhood dog 😢.
Who's a good boy?
You know this is fake right?
I thought it would pan out and reveal a gentle slope out of the gutter
They called me a ricer for putting a tow hook on my pupper.

Who's laughing now?
DOG has unlocked a new skill: Simple Machines 

+10 work efficiency 

+5 intelligence
We had a Border Collie. He was a rescue from some stupid old farmer. He had really good insticts. He would herd bugs. He herded the neighbor's young grandkids away from the road, without any real training or even being asked.

We pulled into the vet's parking lot one day and there was a sheep in the back of a pickup truck. He looked around like he was saying "I should know what to do with that."

I miss him terribly even though he' s been gone several years.
Smartest dog I ever owned was a border collie mix but they are also emotionally temperamental. Scold them and they pout for a week.

&#x200B;

They need lots of activity and unfortunately don't live much past 12 years.
13/10 would trust with infant
But can they [play Jenga?](https://www.reddit.com/r/interestingasfuck/comments/bxnuol/im_honestly_amazed_had_never_seen_a_dog_playing)
r/donthelpjustfilm
My dog eats rocks.
r/WhyWereTheyFilming
Asshole photographer puts puppy in ditch. 

Watches it struggle. 

Tells other dog to go get him. 

????

Internet points.
Brilliant
Why didn't the guy with the camera get in there and help.
This might be one of the best videos I have ever seen
Why does this keep getting posted. Its fake as shit.

Someone lifted the dog out of the canal. Come on.
I my sister has got 2 similar to these and i got to say they definitely are one of the most intelligent animals out there. And cute.
Why not help the dog up!??!?!!?
I have a border collie, she's a damn idiot
And the human just stands and videos while they are struggling to get him out...
FAKE
Angle changed. Did a human go down in the ditch to push the dog up?
'we gotta do this again for the camera? shit...okay. *sigh*'
Holy shit
Lol choked the shit outta the poor fella
r/WhyWereTheyFilming
And remember folks, pigs are even smarter.
When you've just gone through a break up and friends drag you out
Well one of them seems smart, the other comes across as a bit dumb. I would say they average out to average.
Staged, and a repost :/ *sigh*
I have three border collie x kelpies. One of them is actually quite dumb.
so cool
/r/donthelpjustfilm
This doggo is more intelligent than I could ever be
r/whyweretheyfilming
So why didn't the person filming help get the puppy out?
I wanted it to pan over and reveal the slope they could've just walked up.
But who's the jerk just filming this instead of helping that doggo?
This has been debunked as fake last time it was posted. Notice the angles and the r/whyweretheyfilming
Why didn't whoever filmed this just help out the fuckin dog??
Ni boi :Time to choke this smol one...
good good pup
Lmao, you should meet mjne.
set up , no way that dog was dragged up by its neck --- FAKE
Well I did see one play jenga yesterday
This has convinced me to befriend, adopt and raise a Border Collie.
I used to have a border collie when I was younger. She was smart as heck and a princess. Scared of everything though.
I always wonder why the dork filming doesn't just help?
I have a border collie that is really stupid. Last time he tried to catch a fly and bumped into the couch but i love him, he is super cute and sweet :)
Meanwhile, my all my border collie sleeps all day and is scared of almost everything. He also greets my mom when I get home from school, even though she's home all day. I love him though
The small one seems pretty stupid...
Adorable, but one is smarter than the other.
Hero = Dog

Jackass = Human who probably set this all up for likes.
Is another stupid dog that can’t help is filming this?
"no need to help, i got this."
Who’s going to tell me why I shouldn’t own a border collie?
They are like the whites of dogs
One thing that confuses is why didnt the human help rather than film..
why couldn't you help? you could have stopped recording
Ppsshht big deal I could figure that out, give me a couple of hours and I would've got em out no problem.
"YOU GO mother doggy!!, dam! 😲😃👏👍🏼
Help us HBO camera crew!
/r/nonononoyes
Was waiting for them to pan out and show some steps they could have been using.
Why is the person filming this not helping!?!
FENTOOOOON!
I think so
Mine is 8 weeks old. First week with her was... hard. But she’s smart. Very smart.
We have a collie, he's smart in some ways, still has that puppy idiocy though.
I have a border collie. They are one of the best dogs I’ve ever had the pleasure of having as my best friend. ❤️
On one hand I was thinking "don't help just film", and on the other I was hoping they'd pan over to see a set of steps out of the pit.
r/donthelpjustfilm
Come on mom.... I wanna go back in the ditch!
I had a collie when I was young and she was the smartest dog I have ever known. I spent every day of my youth with her playing in the woods or having her watching me play football while simultaneously trying to join in/getting distracted hunting rabbits. Even now nearing 30 I still miss her and have a repetitive dream where we meet on a walk somewhere. Dogs are the best.
I like how even if this was staged it is still quite impressive.
My border collie can't figure out how to get her toy out from under the blanket
The official dog of the United States National Border.
thought there would be stairs just a little to the left
Lots of people say their dog is smart. Lots of people have never lived with a Border Collie. No other breed even comes close. The second smartest breed probably has more in common with the dumbest dog breed than a Border Collie.
i just happened to be listening to the gachi version of haru yo koi and it fits perfectly
r/donthelpjustfilm
My boarder collie literally knows basically 2 commands/statements. "No" & "bed" 



When we got him from the rescue my husband commented on how smart they are and she replied "he isn't boarder collie smart" and laughed. Sure enough he is a big ol derpy boy but we love him.
i have 4 border collies, they are smart af.  in fact, sometimes too smart for their own good.  they get really bored if they don't have a job to do and can be destructive.
Remember. Some asshole created this scene on purpose for pointless internet... points.
“Stupid human won’t stop filming. I have to do everything myself.”
Border Collie on top is smart. Border Collie in the ditch? Not so much.
Can confirm

Source: I'm an intelligent Border Collie Boi that figured out how to use reddit
/r/donthelpjustfilm
This dog parents better then actual parents do!
Our cat sometimes gets locked in a room, and our dog always runs to us and starts whining to let us know there's a cat locked away, lol.

Also somehow knows how to tell the time, 6pm exactly everyday he comes asking for food.
...AMAZING...i feel like my corgi is not far from this type of brain power.
Oh really? So then how’d he end up in the ditch??
Meanwhile, person filming isn't helping at all. Just leaving this puppy to die and making it Her problem.

Border Collie is will remember that.
Anyone from r/textgifs on this one yet?!
Collies and Aussies.
I expected the camera to pan over and show an easy ramp out.
r/donthelpjustfilm
All of the collie breeds are pretty smart.

Collies

Border Collies

Australian Shepards
What wwhhhaat!? I thought there was  massive study showing that dogs don't understand connectivity, but that amazing doggo totally understood the leash. I feel a little bamboozled.
I thought they were gonna do something stupid, like the second one jumps down and also gets trapped.
Near me a fellrunner got injured in bad weather (broken leg) she had 2 border collies with her, one stayed with her helping her back and the other ran around 3miles to the closest village barking until someone came out with there own dog, the border collie then lead them back and mountain rescue then saved her
I want to know about the even more intelligent *wild* dogs.
Watching these two... I am going to disagree. One moron, one saint.
Well, one of them is, the other...
Or maybe the person filming should have helped instead of letting momma hang the pup like that.  Reminds me of another video of an animal drowning and being saved by another animal instead of the 100 people there watching and filming.
r/animalsbeingbros
Meanwhile the dude is filming this is watching a dog get pulled up by its neck
A week ago muy border die,i will forever miss giving her orders a she fully understands them even tho I've never trained her
I see alot of comments on how border collies seem to understand english. My dog does too. Shes a poodle/bichon mix, (i think), and she always goes off and cries in a corner when I say shes stupid.
I had a BC as a kid, and my parents have one currently, amazing dogs, great for families. They just need a lot of excercise as they are bred for chasing sheep/cattle all day.
Now that I think about it, I had a small border collie looking mix dog. When I would take him for a walk with my roommates dog, my dog would literally take the other dogs leash in his mouth and I only had to hold one leash.

He would walk the other dog for me.
OHMYGOD I LOVE THEM SO MUCH
I was waiting for the camera to pan to a ramp, or staircase out of there.
So you just watched a dog strangle another and not help?
Just FYI that’s the older dog actually didn’t pull the younger one out— you can see the puppy’s butt lifted higher than his head when the video switches angles, so a human must be pushing the puppy out from below. Still cute tho

Edit: spelling
I've owned a couple and can agree...those buggers are smart animals!
My family had a border collie when I was younger, and that dog was so smart.

 We could tell her to go out to a specific car and she would know which one she should go to. We could also let her loose on trails and she would run off, but wait for us at the next road crossing. 

Miss you Stella :(
Who the fuck films something like this and doesn't go over to help the poor dogs?
why didn't the person filming just help the dog out of the ditch?
You guys got it all wrong... The dad was trying to hang the kid, and leave him there to make it look like an accident
I thought I was witnessing a murder
Smart. Not that smart.
Except that one.
Yo dawg, I herd you like dogs...
Anyone else worried about who was filming and not helping?
I work at an animal hospital and a poodle came in today that I swear was listening to and understanding our conversations. He was watching carefully with his eyes and would shift his head to the person he was anticipating would speak next. It was way too human. I also taught him a new trick in like 8 seconds.
This makes me want a border collie sooo freaking bad
No you just have to save me!!
/r/WhyWereTheyFilming
Did you see a recent  video,  an adult border Collie farm dog streaked across a driveway someone was backing  quickly into and grabbed a fuzzy little dog and continued running with it out of the path of the car. Split second timing.
Oh my god lol i was worried the dog would be dangling for too long in the air being choked out by the leash
I have a collie/Australian Shepherd mix and I love him more than anything.

He is also way too smart for his own good sometimes.
The border collie on my dog's route is so old now. I feel really bad because he's such a wonderful dog but hasn't much time left. 2 of my old dogs were friends with him and they'd rush to go visit. His face is so grey and his sight is going. I fear the day he's no longer there.
Mine isn’t.
Why didn’t the person filming just get off their ass and help the puppy like a bro?
Does that mf'er want to try and help save themselves a bit??? Paws up fam, boost yo self.
Why didn't the person who was filming this, not help the dog when they saw the dog was stuck, instead they waited for the big dog to save the stuck dog?
I had a border collie crossed with an Australian kelpie when I was a kid.

One time she was sticking her front paw up in the air. We thought she must have hurt it. We went outside and immediately saw the possum stuck in the veranda roof which she was pointing at. 

Another time I was walking in the neighboring property which is all dense scrub. I got lost and didn't know how to get out. I started crying. Freaking dog appeared over the hill wagging it's tail after like 5 minutes and lead me back home.

She was a good girl.
I seriously didn't even see the leash. I'm thinking "oh this should be interesting, how is she going to get him ou..." Then she jumped down and grabbed the leash. Border Collies, often cited as most intelligent of all the primates.
The bigger one. Smart.
The smaller one. Not so much
This was staged 100%
When you gotta rescue your drunk friend from the bar
Momma dog “Get up here you little shit”
