I always liked this one with the hyperactive Jack Russel who doesn’t give a shit about how he’s supposed to run the course, he’s just having fun. https://youtu.be/A4N7G29GWQI
That dog is so in tune with her!  What a great border collie.  And it LOOOOOOOVES going through that routine--nothing could make it happier---and then it leaps into her arms!   What a great pair they make!
Those are some professional level zoomies.

E- my top rated comment is about zoomies? I find this wholly acceptable.
HOLY SHIT I WENT TO HIGH SCHOOL WITH HER!

Edit: The handler, not the dog
I love the ending!! The dog jumps and she catches it and hugs it.
That ending is so heartwarming. They are perfect together
Awesome training given by her! Love this
I feel like Pink knew she was crushing that
This is so heartwarming, that hug at the end made me smile.
The dog is like:
"OHHH shit I get to do my thing... can I go???...... can I go???...... This is gonna be the best... ok FOCUS.... 3, 2, 1.... FUUUUUNNNNN!!"

Then "CATCH ME!!!"
My biggest failure as a dog owner was never training my dog in the agility course when he was young.  Not saying he would have been a champion (though I like to think so).  He would have loved it.
Don’t blink. Blink and he’s done. He is fast. Faster than you can believe. Don’t turn your back. Don’t look away. And don’t blink. Good luck.
My wife and I were watching these in the background while cleaning the house over the weekend. We own a shiba and she asked "can shibas do this" shibas are fast nimble dogs and would do great in agility she thought. The main issue, they have no interest in actually doing what you want. Lol I wish my dog was as well trained as that dog
I love border collies so much. They are literally the best dogs. Just, you know, objectively speaking.

They are super intense though, and are *very* high maintenance.

* If you're single and work, don't get one.
* If you live in a small apartment, don't get one.
* If you live in the city with no ready access to a park or a field where it can let loose, don't get one.
* If you simply don't have the energy to interact with your dog for hours every single day, don't get one.
[deleted]
I had to watch that, like, a dozen time.
Dogs mind, "the faster i get through this course the faster i can leap into masters arms and get loves!"
Amazing work that someone superimposed a dog over the Shrek footage.
*Push it to the limit intensifies*
This dog is pretty good at this. Almost as good as Shrek.
Given how he jumps in her arms at the end, I want to believe that in his mind the dog thinks that if he will do well on the obstacle course he will get to hug his human and that's the whole reason he is doing it. This thought can't not make me smile.
That dog deserves a at least 2 treats
Youtube Source (easier to share, imo): https://youtu.be/hxMsVbFr1Bc
Super speedy and talented doggo!  Excellent teamwork!  Sweet ending!
If that dog got ANY faster, it would be out looking for magical gems and golden rings.
[Relevant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i1VJl8Z2J50)
My forever aspirations from elementary school me playing Nintendogs
Furry lightning
*gotta go fast!*
Serious tag: how long does it take to train a dog to do that? Is there a preferred breed?
Can we have this but for humans trying to guide a drunk friend?
I watched an edited version of this video with Shrek running instead of the dog
[deleted]
[but can he beat this dog from the same competition?](https://youtu.be/F6unzQZCUfE)
Good boy
"I'm gonna get a hug"

"I'm gonna get a hug"

"I'm gonna get a hug"

"I'm gonna get a hug"

"I'm gonna get a hug"
GO PINK! That’s my girl!!! The way they hug at the end just warms my heart (:
Have a look at these fast ones
https://youtu.be/Drp8Gu4lx5U
Jennifer's pretty damned awesome—I've run at the same trials as she has (we're in the same general area). She's also got a few flippin' fast shelties. She's also an instructor but I haven't had lessons with her.
My family used to have a border collie.  they are like the crows of the dog world.  Viciously smart, and clever, and they posses a concentration and neurotic obsession with tasks that far surpasses the levels of most humans.  Our border collie was 10,000% obsessed with tennis balls.  She would drop tennis balls by the outside dog door and she would go into the back yard and rest her chin on the step of the lower deck waiting for us to come out and kick or toss the ball.  When we would do it, she would get all tensed up like the dog in that clip and she would run at an impossible speed to chase down that ball.  I miss her.
She into dem zoomies!
It’s a rare flying pupper 😍
You haven't lived until you've been in a packed bar and they turn the agility competition on.
That dawg is the most agile creature I've ever seen
Speed I am SPEED
I can swear I saw this clip with shrek running instead  of the dog
I love the way he/she jumps into the handlers arms at the end
I bet all the squirrels at her house have ptsd.
Zoom zoom doggo
That title tho?
A border collie will fold your laundry for you if you give it enough love and treats
Dog Disneyland
The power of borko instinct
Don't stop me now...
wow
I have a border collie pug. He'll weave his way through a bag of popcorn.
me (with mouthful of Doritos @ 5am):
"Dat's thlucking mawesome!"
I can’t even teach my kid to shit in the toilet right.
I will leave this here  [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F6unzQZCUfE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F6unzQZCUfE)
It really blows my mind to train a dog to do all this in one go in a strange place infront of a bunch people with sounds and distractions everywhere. I'm over here with a spoon of peanut butter in the privacy of our kitchen telling Jeeves to roll over for the fifth time in a row while he's confused and wants to shake hands or speak.
That dog is having a blast and the time of it's life.  That's so endearing.  Dog's love working.
what a good girl
The hugs at the end are my favorite
That was the last time I gave my dog coffee
Ultimate zoomies 🖤
That's awesome to watch, but I could not imagine owning a dog that is so high energy.
What’s the big deal I did this in nintendogs
Excuse me but what kind of treat does she have!
That hug at the end ❤️
I cant get my dog to shit outside..
The final jump into her arms though
Love this! Had put a smile on my face. Thank you for sharing!!
Border collies truly are phenomenal
How the heck do you even train a dog to do that? Wow!
Damn how long can people blink for
That is a fully coiled spring loaded fur missle. You can see right before she takes off how intense it's going to be.
I did dog 4-H with my shih tzu and we did fantastic in agility because despite being slow, my little guy was very accurate. He hilariously got first multiple years in a row. I'm so impressed by this handler's ability to keep her dog on track and so fast!!
Oh man I blinked 😕 what happened
As a dachshund owner, I'm amazed it didn't stop to sniff every object or get distracted by the smell of someone's nacho's in the stands.
I'm gonna go hug my dog now.
Holy mother of puppers,that was fast
HOLY SHIT!
The squirells watching are like 'Damn, humans. Chill out, they were already killers, how did you figure they need to learn to move like assassins too?'
Aww what a fast pupper
Even the announcer was caught up in it, telling Pink to stay on the seesaw, lol.
WHAT A GOOD BOY!
Had a good case of the zoomies
Good boi
u/VredditDownloader
Was anyone else atleast suspecting something bad to happen
I blunk. Missed it.
Just wants its owner's appreciation at the end; so cute
That jump into her arms at the end killed me
This is me rushing to wash the dishes when I hear my wifes car at the driveway
I prefer the shrek version
oh so that's the origin of shrek/sanic running .. nice..
i can only think about the shrek video when i see this
That was absolutely gorgeous.
Those slaloms tho
I knew I shouldn't have bet on the wire haired terrier
That dog is friggin CRACKED
Never tell a man not to blink, I haven't blinked as much in my life as today.
Love the leap onto her arms at the end.
That’s the Secretariat of dogs.
How did they replace the tiny shrek with the doggo???
That doggo broke the speed of light
This is the original of the video with shrek edited in running.
The fast and the fur.
This is what it’s like when you’ve bonded with your Pokemon to max level.
Prefer this https://www.reddit.com/r/Unexpected/comments/bk1e72/i_cant_breathe/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app
Heckin Zoomin
YOU’RE TOO SLOW
We doing the zoomies? YEAAAAAAAAH we are doing the zoomies. One Second human I need to channel Flash Gordoggo.-- Doggo probably
u/SapperMother
I had as good a time watching this as I do watching people do good at sports.
The jump into his humans arms at the end! SO CUTE
Awwwww, the jump at the end is the most awesome for the goodest boy.
[The Goodest Boy](http://imgur.com/gallery/Le5KZyv)
I'm pretty sure this is the video where they animated in Shrek.
Meanwhile [this is my dog.](https://gfycat.com/hotdisloyalearwig) I have failed him.
Don't blink for 55 seconds??!
I love the cuddle at the end.
I loooove watching this along with Flyball... Holy Crap those dogs are fast!!!! And Pink is one of my fave <3
That boye just wants to *go fast*
“Cocaine’s a helluva drug”
r/FurMissiles
Fucking brilliant.
HOLY.... WOW...
nothing's faster than a dog
Blink and you woof
Wow!
Why am I crying?!
Hahahaha i swear i think that dog is in some type of drug
Holy crap.

And he probably wants to do it again, only better. :O
This dog speedruns!
isnt this the unedited verision of that shrek one?
Are these dogs tested for meth  ?
Wat
That catch at the end broke my lil heart
The zooooomies :D
Professional zoomies.
someone should edit this with car racing sounds
r/UpvoteBecauseButt
Like a furry missile.
Amazing run! Owner could barely keep up and she's in great shape. Love that doggie!
Speed , I am speed
why am i grinning ear to ear by the end of this video!!!

G O O D B O Y E !!!!
This is so beautiful. I'm literally crying rn.
This never gets old!
Sanic doggo
I had a border collie as a child. She was a good girl. Truly amazing dogs.
The last hug .....That hug ...man I loved it
Who the fuck blinks for 32 seconds?
That jump into a hug at the end was so touching! That control and speed is amazing.
Man, nintendogs has gotten really life-like
Meanwhile my dog just rolled off my bed while snoring
He looked so excited!  I wish I loved exercise this much.
That hug at the end tho 😊😊
I almost cried when she jumped into her owners arms!! How cute!!!
Ain't that the course Shrek ran
I bet the hardest part of training that course was to get the dog to stop at the end of the see-saw instead of just launching into outer space.
I saw this but with sanic instead of the dog
You sure that that's a normal doggo, and not a super doggo?
That slalom. Jesusss
jesus christ, Jeanie Buss needs to stop worrying about her dog and do something with the Lakers
This is godlike cuteness
Maximum Borkdrive
I love that dog's expression pre run.  He was so completely stoked!
When we owned one I held that you could teach a border collie algebra if you had enough time.
...not gonna lie, I expected the dog to stop and take a dump or something.
At zoomed frames I doubted the vid was accelerated so I watched it for second time just focusing on timer.  This dog knows physics.
That dog has to be half cheetah or something
[deleted]
Holy shit!

That is all.
Ugh, can I just say... Seeing a dog this happy to do this and have so much fun honestly makes me tear up a little!! Am I the only one, lol.

I love seeing this!
The best part is when doggie jumps to get a huggie
The joy in this dog is incredible
The hug at the end!
I think I he was a Jack Russell in a former life
Is this a record or something? Cause I can't imagine another dog doing it better or faster
Her soul.
They love each other to bite pure and simple.
Man, I'm convinced that is that dog's favorite thing to do.
Love how excited she was to start probably barking, "LETS GO JENNIFER!"
Omg the ending, jumping into her arms!! 😍😍😍😍
Ultimate Zoomies.
Gonna need a urine sample
What kind of drug is this dog into?
That ending :’)
I got a little teared up there... I don’t know why.
That jump into her embrace was the best part! 😇
My favorite part has to be the leap into her arms and the hug.  Beautiful.
The zoomiest zoomies I've ever seen. That is one noisy, yet very well-trained boy.
I prefere Mini Shrek in this course... https://youtu.be/zuRbuki1VIs
N Y O O M
I saw this but it was Shrek instead of the dog
I like the ending
Whats the average time for this course, if anybody knows?
That dog loves his owner!
The Shrek one is better.
so awesome .. god i love dogs
That is one fast fucking doggo
Why is there whitesnake playing
My name is Barry Puppen, and I am the fastest dog alive. With the help of my frens, the Star Labs, we fight crime and stop pet-a-humans plaguing Central City. I am... The Pawsh!
Do they have to catch them at the end to stop the clock or is that just for the feelies?
That criss crossing around the pole made me dizzy
That dog is adorable. Buuuut I bet that level of energy in most settings that aren't this kind of performance arena...
OH MY GOD THE END!!! HUGS!!!
There were a few moments where that dog was actually flying.
if i could have that speed, i would catch the bus and make it to school in time every day
My dumb ass actually tried not to blink during the video until I realized we were just wowing the dog :(
This would be my Zoe! She's super fast, Aus Shep and Heeler mix.
The jump and hug at the end was too cute
Seriously tho how is anyone a cat person?
Alternative title. "Good boi does a hekkin zoom"
Impressive! Also confirms to me that I don't want a dog with that much energy...
how the hell long does it take YOU to blink?
I think at this point the performance is limited by how quickly the girl can run.
Boardie collies have energy that is out of this world
There's no way he's doing that for treats.  This is pure joy in motion.
I love doing agility! It creates such a special bond between me and my dog and he loves it!
We don't deserve them :')
That doggo deserves a treat, speed and execution on point.

Thinking about it the handler also deserves so much praise, that was amazing.. coming from someone who doesn't know anything about dog contests.
That hug at the end was the treat for a good job
The way he jumped into his owners arms at the end =)
Thats some F1 shit right there...
Who the fuck closes their eyes for 31 seconds when they blink?
I need a gif of doggo jumping into trainers arms set on an infinite loop.
Goodness. That was awesome. Does she ever get to relax with the dog though or is it hypersensitive and 11/10 energy all the time?
r/zoomies
NYYOOOOOOMMMM
Serious question, how the fuck do people train dogs to weave between the poles like that?
wow

what a team  💕
If you take 31 seconds to blink I recommend a doctor
That's some great control for such a young pup. 

For anyone interested: The dog has to make contact with the yellow parts of the ramps and seesaw when leaving them. So, the crossover - the bridge - she slows right down and almost crawls down the crossover ramp. The owner has likely been working with P!NK to slow her down so she doesn't get penalized for not making the proper contact. 

As for why: A dog jumping off the top of an A-frame, seesaw or crossover can cause injury. Not making contact with the contact zones - bottom of the ramps - results in a big penalty.
That leap into her arms at the end... ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Im fast. Im very fast.
I prefer Shrek...
OMG BEST DOG EVER!
how do they train for this ?
Shiiiieeeeeeeet
Leaping into her arms at the end is everything
My dog puked on me yesterday.
That dog needs to be drug tested
I came in here expecting to make some snarky comment about the video before I had watched it. 

As I watched the video, I was waiting for the moment that would activate my Snark Generator 3000, and as I watched further, I noticed what sub I was in. 

Aww indeed. 

Also, wow - Pink was in the Z O N E. ⚡️
Can I get -500 votes on this comment?
Beat Shrek by a clean 8.08 seconds
So that's where the shrek video came from
I love the sheer joy that dogs exude when they do an agility course or flyball. It's like "Yes, yes, I'm doing this! Yes I am! Just try and stop me!"
That dog obviously lives for this.....
this boy so damn fast
*reads caption 

Frick now I can’t stop blinking
how did u edit the shrek out?
Will always be amazed by this breed.
Now THAT is a dog that LOVES to perform!!  <3
It's like an family action movie with a sweet ending.
If anyone asks what pre-workout is like, just show them this video.
thats a very good boy
There should be dog shows that's all about how happy the dog is. 

Everyone will probably come in first place, but I'm ok with that.
I love border collies, they're the best
I think the dog knows what he has to do dont need human to help
Pink was a blur.  Fabulous sport.
That pupper is so happy
is it the one that was edited to have shrek running instead of the dog

nvm it’s not it
My dog needs a little of whatever crack this dog is on.
I have NEVER before seen a dog **so** excited about running through the track. I hope this pupper won, this was a delight to watch. <3
That doggo is on cocain, wtf.
That dog was ready for round 2.
IF FUCKING LOVE THIS DOG!!!
“The perfect dog doesn’t exi-...”
God so cute. Look how happy they are together.

Made my day today. Thanks
WHAT A GOOD BOY
Border Collies are such energetic dogs. I love them.
Shrek was faster but she’s fast
Oh Karen!
I'm more surprised at the size of that crowd. Who knew agility courses were so popular?
The jump into her arms at the end made me cry lmao that was amazing
I can’t stop smilling at the end.
Someone photoshopped a dog into the shrek show.
I blinked. Fuck.
I think the dog who has the most fun should win.
The dog was back on the plane before the handler knew the show was over. (And he had taken the drink orders)
Put a huge smile on my face, thank you!
Is his name Barry Allen by any chance?
r/unexpected
/u/vredditshare
That -2.10 second split at the end! What?! That's not even close!
Amazing!
Dude, that dog is god tier fast.
Isn’t this the shrek thing?
/u/vredditshare
Little derg roves his owner so much!
Can't wait for the Shrek edition!
Puts my old Nintendogs to shame. That was so quick!
It had to be fine by the smartest dog in the world... :)
That was too easy for that pupper. Think he wants something more challenging. Awesome!
Pink and you'll miss it
okay, but my nintendogs were way better.
That jump hug at the end is legit
This is just like Nintendogs
Not gonna lie, I teared up in the end when he jumps and she hugs him..
All I can think of is Shrek...
Damn, they got that Ashe and Pikachu  synergy.
Very well, trained. So fast!
in the circus, a soldier is serious
Z O O M
The look in his eyes......
A professional dog
Zoomies. I am zoomies.
Who’s a good boy who’s a good boy?
Border Collies are amazing <3
*My name is p!nk and im the fastest dog alive*
Goal life +_+
I'd love someone to edit this with "nyyyyum" sounds over it. Too cute
You put a couple of sheep out there and it would sort them out too
the way he zoomed out of the tunnel this sent me
In conclusion, he got the zoomies baaaaad.



Also those criss crosses were insaaaaaaane.
WHAT A DOG!!!!!
I guess I won't blink for 55 seconds
I watched this video with ‘it’s the best day ever’ on in the background
Mini shrek would have roasted that dog
He’s real good at that
The feels I get from seeing this dog leap through the air
Bolt, is that you?
i can’t even train my dog to lay down, and now i see this.. you can imagine how it makes me feel
Wait, that is fake, originally it was with Shrek!
God that was amazing, I have tears in my eyes. That excitement and the hug at the end, just wow
Pup is having the time of its life!
Send the shrek video
What the fuc did i see
*MOM I DID IT*
31 seconds! Border collies are just the best.
Fast Boii
That dog must be called Fly
Thats epic
That Collie looks coked up.. Lol!
LOOK AT THE PACE
Such a good boy!
Zoom zoom
There is nothing pink about this dog.
I love how the dog is into it and actually likes going through the course
I prefer shrek
Reminds me of my Nintendogs
isnt this sonic-meme?
"Don't blink!!" 
30 seconds into the gif and I give up.
It's great seeing an animal so happy
I saw the Shrek edit first.
Best thing i've seen all day. What a good boye. So damn impressive. Pooch and trainer deserve a treat!
Dog cross all hurdles smartly
it's a good thing she's so awesome with that dog because otherwise it would be a nightmare

energy + smart = trouble, that's what i know

awesome video, i don't see how any dog is going to go faster than that
Omg that zigzag speed
Wow
The look on that dog's face at the start was priceless. That's a good boy.
That is amazing! It was like that dog was born to do that. I am not sure if I agree with events like this. However, collies do need lots of exercise and training is very good for them. So I guess this is one of the things they excel at. She seems like a good teacher and her and the dog obviously have a fantastic bond.
I wonder what drug that poor dog is on.
That’s so sweet how he jumps into her arms at the end <3
19 seconds is exactly when my hell forged heart softened.
That's one impressive doggo melting my heart
That was like cheating.
Speed. I am speed.
The boy was flying!
And this is a great way to start my day. I am friggin pumped!
Let's get this bread!
[source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxMsVbFr1Bc)
Central Ohio represent!
this is the zoomiest dog I have ever seen
A very fast boy i see
Fuck. I blinked. :(
ninja warrior has gotten way more intense
Good dog
I’m glad I don’t blink for 33 seconds, especially when driving!
We have completely broken wolves
My name is Collie Allen, and I am the Floosh
Border collies are AMAZING
r/praisethecameraman
OMG, THE HUG AT THE END. SO ADORABLE
That dog is so fucking hype to do its race. Love it.
I’d like to see this with the fastest time ever
I absolutely love border Collies.
Good boi runed fast
What breed is this?
That dog is on something.
Literally half the gif is introducing the dog and getting over to the start line, incredible
What a good boy
They completely edited out shrek wow
Get out od my swamp
Someone made an edit of this but replaced the dog with a mini Shrek.
Brb. Setting up LEGO course for my chihuahua
/r/gifsthatendtoosoon

the hug at the end is the best part
Still can’t beat the Shrek one
Now with shrek again
Thats a damn good oggo
Loved the hug at the end
NYOOM
Do they do drug tests holy shit he’s fast as satan
These dogs always look like they're having a lot of fun. Do they really or is this one of those things that seem cute but are just cruel?
Jesus Christ he is fast
I think you mean don't Bl!nk
Medically I have to blink for at least 32 seconds.

What did I miss?
LOL that nosedive is legit
This is why I love dogs
I really can't stop watching this. Gives me goosebumps every time.
GOOOOOOD BOIIIIIII!
Wow! Speedy Boi!
Everybody liked that
I’m so glad I didn’t blink!!! Good doggy 🥰
The absolute bliss in its eyes!
What are your excuses?
Holy fuck
All the videos in this post made my day.
Where is Shrek version
That dog is on ROIDZ
That border collie didn't just know it was competing, it knew it was gonna win.
Damn my blinks take 32 seconds I missed it
/r/BorderCollie
he would be even faster if the master ran more herself and worked on her agility imo
I saw this but with Danica edited over the dog lmao
I don't even know what's wrong with me but I started crying while watching this
Wow, that's quite the furry missile! I love that jump at the end; so cute.
Border Collies are the best bois

change my mind.
You made me think of manual blinking
Amazing dog with an equally amazing trainer!
What was it? 
I saw a woman patting a dog then I blinked then she hugged him.
I also like the Shrek version.
Awww love him.
This is where that Shrek edit came from. It’s so much better
I saw the shrek version of this
I blinked; I did not miss any of the human and canine ritual.
These kind of dog races will always remind me of that shrek edit
What a mad pair!
Gottagofast
Kickin ass and takin names
I really think it is a shame that people, for their own amusement, are willing to give animals crack cocain.
Pink is my favorite avenger
god damnit i blinked for 31.24 seconds and missed it
I'd like to perform in this competition
This is the most efficient way to get treats
Wasn't that the video where someone edited a Shrek head on the dog later on?
The best part of the entire course is the end.
That lady must be a warg
Think they need to start checking for steroids
Miss what?
Nyoooommmmm
How did she catch that speeding bullet
This pooch gonna get drafted by the Raiders.
They should send this dog to catch the road runner!
I remember my nintendog getting this good
FAST
If this program *isn’t* called Ultimate Zoomies im gonna be mad.
There's one with shrek.
Don't do drugs kids.
Dogs face at 0:50

Are 

You 

Mirin?
Shrek did it better tbh
Shriek did better...
Holy shit.
Professional zoomer.
This made me want to get up and do some sport
she's sending me signals in hieroglyphics
That slalom was awesome though. Damn good speed.
/r/toptalent
  .com
I love the look on this dogs face just before the start. "Are we gonna go? We goin? When we gonna go? GONE!"
I think I liked it better when it was shrek running the course
Wait i blinked can anybody tell me what happened
Sounds like Brian Callan announcing
Man I loved that final victory jump in her lab, he knew damn well that he nailed it
hes better than most horses i know wow god job!
This is actually a great example of why Border Collies aren't the dog for most people. They require so much exercise and mental stimulation otherwise they behave in ways that many will want to give them up. So many ctoss-breeds or pure collies are in shelters because people dont know their requirements. I get so frustrated thinking about it.
Cocanine is a hell of a drug...
Thats one focussed bro. Wish i had that one as teammate in my rocket league/Apex games smh
My dog, gets drug outta bed, goes pee... gets back in bed..
*me not blinking*
Sorry, what should I've missed?
n y o o m
How much cocaine did that dog do ?
Wow, faster than light
So wholesome omg.
I might have just teared up at work because this makes me miss my BC
I saw this but witch Shrek
So this is where that running Shrek meme came from
This is the real life Nintendogs dream :D
Where's Shrek?
r/MadeMeSmile
NYOOM
Omg, what a beautiful performance.. loved it
Why i blinked more than usual after reading the caption?
That was a super fun way to start my morning. Thanks!
Crap, I blinked.
My hometown!!
Its impossible)))
I wonder how much she can bench press
Did she give that dog redbull because shit did it fly that course
That is truely amazing! I love border collies - so smart
Was expecting to see Shrek at some point..
Jumped into her arms!
I don’t understand dog shows but damn that was adorable and that pup was having a good time
The ending brought tears to my eyes

Dogs are so fucking I amazing

God I want a dog
*Nyyrooooooooooooooooooooooom*
This is the one that the Shrek render was based off of!!
Wait this isn’t shrek
Border Collies were made for this
That would be a good hunting sog
We have border collie. He does this is our living room every night.
this lady must be a master at Nintendo dogs. i think thats what its called? i should really feed mine they havent eaten in like 5 years.
Shrek did it better
This is the best one of these agility videos for me. https://youtu.be/GjqtwNUE148
A-Maze-Ing
So that's where the meme is from.
is this the one that's been edited with shrek?
Nyoooomm
Too much caffeine
I love the Superman jumps
My buddy spot on Nintendogs may have some strong competition on his hands
This is like the flash on steroids
His excitement is adorable!
That face at the beginning is so wholesome and excited! That dog was *loving* it!
DIZZAM that was awesome - nice doggo
I love this. Dog is like "Mom, can I go yet? Can I go? How about now? Can I go?!"
I blinked a few times and saw the whole thing.
I applaud anyone willing to own or train a Border Collie. I don't think I could do it.
The cuddle at the end!
My blinks last 31.23 seconds on average, what did I miss?
This doggo knows his shits.
/u/vredditdownloader
best training by the trainer perfect one
The leap hug means victory
Fucking christ I love dogs so much
Wait. Where's Shrek?
Thats a fast doggo
Such a good boy!
I saw this edited so instead of a dog it's shrek
Dammit, Skyler!
Goodest boy
Pretty sure he's done this before.
I have seen shrek run this course.
