I have two uncles who flew 747s back in the day. When one of them retired the whole family decided to book that flight and the younger brother was assigned the co-pilot.

During the intercom they announced that they were siblings and then proceeded to announce that their mother was on the plane, and gave out her seat number and told passengers to "go bother her."

After the flight when passengers were exiting one guy approached them and said "I have never felt safer in my life on a flight knowing  it was two brothers transporting their mother."
Her face just lit up!  This is so sweet!  Thanks for sharing!  Definitely awwww-some!
My grandfather did this only his granddaughter was driving a bus full of tourists. Everyone behind him in line gave her a hug thinking it was the norm.
No one hugs like a grandma.  I miss mine.
100% guarantee she clapped when the plane landed.
"You must be hungry dear!"

*goes back to pick up overpriced food at the terminal*
Look at me, grandma. I am the captain now.

Edit: After 5 years, I got my first Reddit coinage. Maybe my dad will finally be proud of me. Thank you kind stranger!
She's not the captain.  She has two stripes on her epaulette, which makes her the second officer/flight engineer.  Captains have four stripes.

All the same... this is heartwarming.
This is definitely a r/MadeMeSmile as well. As soon as the realization came over her I couldn't stop smiling
You know she told everyone who would listen, "my granddaughter is flying the plane" with a huge smile too.
r/wholesome
Why do I have a feeling this is Dutch?
Do you have a video link with sound? Tried looking on YouTube but couldn’t find it
I like how she's like "The fuck are you sticking your face in my face fo...*OH MY GOD!!!!*
Is there a Reddit glitch going on?

This post has Gold, Silver, Plat....but **0** upvotes? I don't understand how that happens.
[deleted]
You know when she went to her seat she told everyone around her that her granddaughter was the one flying
Grandma: remember how you used to crash the planes when you were little, and would laugh and laugh. 

Passenger: *sweats profusely*
[Erm... Reddit, you okay there bud?](https://i.imgur.com/okjAD3C.png)
Spend time with your grandparents. They won’t be here forever, and it’s nice to have some beautiful memories to cherish.
This post is bugged out.. randomly went to 0 upvotes and 45% upvoted.
People dont know how lucky it is to have grandparents who love them like this, my father's dad and mother passed away before I was born, and the same thing with my mothers father. 

My grandmother passed away last year but we were always the black sheep of the family to her and my aunts so she never showed us the love she showed to my aunts and their kids.

Everytime I see posts like this it hurts a little inside, I wish I was able to experience the love that only they can give. 

So please, visit your grandparents, do stuff with them, tell them you love them and make sure you let them know how important they are to you.
Grandma kisses are the best. They tickle and make me sleepy. The sleepiness is probably some Pavlovian shit from when I was a baby.
Not a captain. Only 3 stripes
She’s not the captain though, two stripes on the epaulettes is a flight engineer or flight attendant, depending on the airline. 3 is first officer, 4 is captain.
And there goes my bad mood!
Just like when your grandma sees you flipping that ad sign by the road.
God, this got me all choked up. Way to wholesome for me to handle.
My grandma passed away in March, and this makes me miss her a lot.
Right before the clip ends.  

Captain: "Would you like a water when you sit down?"  

Grandma: "Whiskey."
I miss my grandparents so much, they died way too early.
"NOT TODAY DEATH" -grammie confident in her gdaughter
Parenting is awesome and just dam hard.  I see on her face that feeling of having done it right and then some.  Pure pride.
God, I miss my grandma
I love my grandma, she's 90 and still on her own...but if she saw one of us flying the plane she'd drop her bags, be super dramatic and run the other way screaming.  


She continues to live purely based on spite and sarcasm alone.
No one will ever love you like your gram.
If that was my grandma she would run away because I don't know how to fly a plane.
I lost my Nan last month. She survived her husband, my grandad, by 13 years and her only son, my dad, by ten. But she never complained, or was sad in front of her grandchildren. She was of that generation that just got on with things. I will miss her very much 😢 

Never pass up an opportunity to speak to your grandparents.
I’m sure gramma has some cookies hidden in that bag! Also a jacket and an umbrella.
Not the captain. Two bars means she is a new first officer. Still pretty cool.
Man I miss my grandma. Do me a favor and call yours now and tell them that you love them. It will make their whole week.
Why are grannies always so cute
She is a pilot trainee as you can see as she han only 2nstrips on her shoulders. She is still learning to fly so shes not the captain. Captain has 4 stripes
Very sweet, just pointing out she is not the captain but a first/second officer either cadet or with not many hours yet. Still nice when things like that happen.
She's a first officer, not a captain. Three bars on her shoulders, 4 is captain. (Source am airline pilot)
Ackchyually, with two stripes, she shouldn't be the captain.
This made my day!
Mark my words this post will be on the front page of Internet.
Pure happiness.
I'm not a pilot but if this was my grandma she'd look me up and down and say "the same little shit that used to eat cockroaches is going to take me 10,000 feet up?"
"That's enough, Granny. We can't take a delay."
The part they didn't show on camera was when grandma heel spun and took the Greyhound.
My granma would try to get out if she found out that I was flying the plane
sEnIoR cItIzEn AtTaCkS pIlOt On BoArD aIrPlAnE

r/Peoplefuckingdying
[deleted]
I do not want children of my own, but I'm kind of sad I'll never be able to be a rad grandma
I had three grandparents and I lost them 25 and 30 years ago. I still miss them and would love to just have a cup of tea with them. 

I love seeing videos like this - you can tell she is thrilled and proud all at once.
IM NOT CRYING... you are crying
Better keep the flight smooth or you'll _never_ hear the end of it.

Every

Single

Family

Gathering
This brought tears to my eyes! Also I feel like that is the safest flight ever! That pilot won't let anything happen to her Nana!
I wish I could have been that old and still my grandparents
I guarantee she told every single passenger multiple times that it was her granddaughter in the pilots seat. Mine would have. Few things are as pure as a proud grandma.
"Attention passengers this is your captain speaking....

Love you gram"
You better believe that every passenger was told by grandma that her granddaughter was the captain.
She loves her so much, so sweet!
I wish my Grandma was a live to see me today. She was such an amazing person, I would’ve loved to show her how much I’ve grown. I miss you Grandma, love you!
My favorite part about elderly relatives that actually love you is watching their face go from "I hate everything and everybody around me," to "This! I made this! I love this!"
Grandma: You know, the captain of this plane is my granddaughter...

Passenger: Throws on air pods
r/wholesomereddit
Just the absolute sweetest thing. Made her day easily! We need more feeling like this in the world.
This is the best thing I’ve seen on the Internet today.  Thank you
If I had been a passenger on that flight...

Thought 1 - Aww. Thats adorable.

Thought 2 - Well there is one pilot who is definately not going to let this flight crash.
Damn, I miss my grandma :(
I’m watching this from the diner after my Grandpa’s funeral and it made me remember all of the good times we had. Thank you
This is so sweet! You can tell they love each other so much!
Grandma hugs are the best hugs
[deleted]
You just now everybody on that flight will now who is the captain :)
Damn this makes me really miss my grandma. We were close and I still miss her even tho it’s been 8 years since she passed.
What's so heartwarming, is she's clearly showing her to look at the cockpit, but all the grandmother wants is another hug. 

&#x200B;

Grandmothers could give a fuck about anything, but hugs.
and we never saw them again.  
What! I mean it's a wholesome video, it's quite rare to see the same people in a video again.
Anybody else thought she’d walk back out of the plane realising its her grandchild? 

‘I’ve seen you ride the bicycle. You can’t fly shit’. 🤣
...must have been awkward for the next passenger on board. 

"Oh. Are we hugging the flight crew today? Ok.... Wow, these British are very touchy-feely..."
The next person boarding: Where's my big hug and greeting???
My grandma always hugs and kisses the same way.thanks
That’s some precious cargo right there
Ok gran off to economy now
She whispers in her ear, "My lifes in your hands now dear."
"Don't wreck Nana's plane or you're grounded!"
Isn't it crazy that in some parts of the world, a woman isn't allowed to show their face in public, let alone drive a car, and in other parts of the same world, women are allowed to fly airplanes carrying hundreds of people?


My heart hurts for the less developed countries. So much innovation and potential is being stifled for no reason.
Wonderful!  It brings happy tears! 😭
Priceless!!!!!!!!!!! 😊
Wait till she starts backseat flying!!
First officer*
I thought she was gonna hop off that plane cause she didn't trust her. Would have been 20x funnier
*plane crashes*
It's all fun and games until the Air Marshal tazes Granny.
I don't know how. But I can feel that hug from my grandma.
So much pollen floating around...
This just made cry! Grandma is so proud of her!!
Stuff like this helps me in life knowing I may stumble into someone I will soon love
As mich as this is whilesome, I'll like to point out she is Second Officer, not captain. Only 2 stripes, captains are 4
She is not a captain with the two stripes on her shirt but good story anyhow!
There is nothing like a grandmothers love.
Oh what I would do to hug and kiss my grandma like that one last time :’(
Grammas ♥️
Literally teared up at this, a lot. Wish my Nan could see me now too. 
Ouch, hit me in the feels.
This makes me miss my own grandmother so, so very much.
Imma go hug my grandma
I just realized how much I missed my grandma seeing her hug her like that.
This is one of the best things I've ever seen. I miss my Grandmas SO MUCH. They are in Heaven 💖
Right in the feels. That's heartwarming.
[deleted]
/r/lastimages
She's not the captain, prob S/O or F/O.
*flight engineer
Hate to ruin the moment, but the granddaughter only has two stripes. I’m not familiar with a single airline where two stripes means captain. 

Still a beautiful event though.
She is first officer not Cpt.
She's not a captain,  she's a second officer :edit downvotes from butthurt morons who can't take the time to do a tiny amount of research pleases me greatly
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Airline_pilot_uniforms
Oh that's great sweetie. Cockpit door locks, grandma grabs a cabin crew member by the scruff of their collar, pulling them in close. "You get me & everyone else the fuck off this plane right now."
😭❤️ just look at the pride in her face.  Thanks for sharing!
My mom will not fly on a plane if there is a woman pilot.  It is SUPER embarrassing, she boards the plane, and if there is a woman in the cockpit she nopes the fuck out , does a 180 and walks back to the boarding desk.  Sexism can be an expensive  BTW.
Not the captain.
This is really sweet, but as a pilot it's bugging me that the title says captain when she is not a captain.
Plot twist: she ends up crashing the plane
What country is this? In the US captains have 4 bars.
I thought this was in r/funny because can you imagine a WOMAN pilot?!?

&#x200B;

Totally kidding this is wholesome as shit, I love it.
Shes a member of the flight crew but not the Captain. A Captain would have 4 gold stripes on their epaulets, a First Officer (or co-pilot) has 3. In modern civilian aviation, 2 stripes is most likely an experienced flight attendant.
She doesn't have 4 stripes, she's like a janitor or something.
The moment of being ultimately proud of your breed
Don't know if anyone has mentioned it, but good on the granddaughter for being a captain...that's mad ladyballs on her. Respect.
In my entire life I don’t think anyone has ever been that excited to see me
Woman remembers how clumsy her granddaughter always was

https://im4.ezgif.com/tmp/ezgif-4-5fd65c152f9e.gif
An older women once asked me to move from my seat so her and her son could sit together on the first commercial flight the moms daughter ever flew. It was endearing and of course I said yes. Pilot daughter could have spared a free drink though lol.
Y'all got it all wrong. Grandmother knows her granddaughter very well and is just excited to get to die with someone she loves.
This made me smile  
r/MadeMeSmile
Who’s chopping onions?
*slowly backs out of plane*
Take your grandmother to work day
You can see the pride on grandma's face!
I hope they bumped grandma up to business or first!!!
Oh the feels, do we have a video with sound included?
Such moments are really hearty
This makes me happy. I needed this.
Damn the feels! I miss my grandma!
Bless! You can see how happy she was to see her grandbaby <3 Love it!
This is wholesome AF. 

I miss my Grandma's hugs now
God dammit... It got me, i cried
this adorable love how happy she was.
r/wholesome
Since you're a pilot maybe you can start sending ME six birthday checks a year?
I miss my grandma so much
This made my day! I miss my grandmoms:(
I’d be terrified if my granddaughter would fly my plane.. then again, shes only 2 years old..
This made me bawl like a baby. It’s amazing - she’s so proud. I lost my last living grandparent this past February. My grandmother was my most favorite person in the entire world and I truly feel like I lost part of my life. I wish I just hear her laugh through her smile and feel her arms wrap around me one more time. Cherish your grandparents!!
No,I’m not crying, you’re crying.
Pretty drastic way to get your inheritance
Grandma to person next to her: “My granddaughter’s a pilot, you know. She’s flying this plane. Would you like some candy? Have I told you my granddaughter is a pilot?”
My grandma would've nope the fuck out of there
That's going to be the safest flight in the sky.  No one wants to harm their grandmaw.  I do like the end where she's like "Okay, enough hugging granny.  You're blocking the aisle".
Hey y’all—just a daily reminder to spend as much time with your grandparents as possible.
Is she getting on from the wrong side or is the video flipped?   Typically you board from the port side of the plane.
They was goddamned adorable, ty OP
That would be the worst: "Sweetie, did you put the gear up? You should put the gear up as soon as you take off..." "I did grandma, thanks...[rolls eyes]."
Oh my god. That's so pure and beautiful.
No pressure
I wish I could hug and kiss my Gram again! I miss her so much
I’m not crying you’re crying
This is adorable, I wish I had grandparents.
GamGam love is the best love!
I counted four kisses.
Now that's wholesome.
And then she still had to fly coach.
wtf every time I think they are done hugging and all the joy has been displayed THEY HUG AGAIN and it keeps making my face feel funny ahhh
Woman: Go ahead and take your seat grandma, I gotta fly this bitch.

Grandma: Fuckin A.
Her grandmother is so sweet. She was like okay, I love you, you have to sit down now. Her grandmothers like I’m going to sit up front with you baby. I loved this so much.
I like that brief pause when she sees her like, *"Oh shit, is the dementia finally here? No, wait, that really is my daughter I'm fine."*
I miss my grandma so much.
This legit made me teary eyed.
“Haha alright grams, get the fuck to coach.”
So that's what someone being proud of you looks like.
*up in the air*

Grandma: "You're going too fast, honey. We're not in a hurry."
Off,on!
I'm not crying you're crying
Beautiful
I lost both my grandmas on the same day when I was 14. A weird coincidence. They were in the same hospital suffering from different diseases and unaware they were both in there. That was more than 40 years ago now and I don't have any parents now either. Definitely teared up. Even though one of my grandmas was a totally bitch!
wow, does this mean women can now be pilots as well? We truly have come far.
*Grandma nervously thinks back to the time when the granddaughter ran face-first into a closed sliding glass door.*
I love it.
Sooooo SWEET!
Nice to see, made me smile today 👍
If I was her grandad I would do a 180 and pretend to leave (as a joke of course)
Grandma, for God’s sake PLEASE go take your seat.
Have fun in coach grams! :)
Daymaker
Very sweet but not the captain. She has two stripes on her epaulettes meaning either a second officer or a flight engineer. Still a great moment.
They look very alike
This is too fucking wholesome for this hour.
In my head their speaking German to each other.
She spotted her right away.  No double take.  Very, very nice.
Thats so aweful!!
Very heartwarming
This is wholesome and pleasant.
Well now, that feels nice.
We all saw that.
Everytime you go visit your grandparents, or parents if you're 50 something like me take a selfie with them. Every. Single. Time.  Eventually "next time" will be too late.
Grandma whispers in her ears: Don't fuck this shit up
This is the best thing I have seen in a while!
Aww that’s so cute. I wish my grandparents and I were that close. They’re countries away and I’ve never met any of them before. Makes me so sad, HMU if anyone wants to be my grandpa or gramma!
aww, jeez.  Who's slicing onions in here ?
that was wonderful to watch thx
Just curious, does the granddaughter have the power as a pilot to be able to make her grandma fly first class on her plane? (My guess is if there’s a seat open but I’m probably wrong)
I'm not crying, your crying!
I'm not crying
Oh my goodness, this wrecked me. I miss my sweet grandmothers so much.
At the time that I’m writing this comment, this post has 337 comments and ZERO upvotes. 

Is this a technical issue or has the world gone insane??
I usually don't like seeing humans on this sub, but this is rather heartwarming.
This brought tears to my eyes, love it!
I'm kind of hoping the title is just bullshit for karma, and that's how she greets everyone.
just imagine what it must be like for her to see her granddaughter with that kind of job, she probably grew up in a world where flights were limited to the most wealthy of men and women had only secretary jobs or none at all, so to see your granddaughter as your captain for your flight must fill that grandma with pride.
Thanks for making me cry while waiting for my lunch front of all these people
I thought she’d just get off the plane lol
Realized the easiest way to be able to be in a similar situation with my family would to be a bus driver. Then I realized pilots are bus drivers to the sky (well passenger airplanes)
At the end she seems to be going to the business or first class section
I can’t even handle in my heart how sweet this is!!
I do that to all the captains anyways. “Please pay attention!!”
Awwweeee
Cuuuuuuute!
It’s actually quite nice to see a female pilot, but a captain makes it even better
Oh sure, when *I* grab pilots from out of the flight deck, it's all screaming and "put the gun down!", and "we're all gonna die!"   
This is age-discrimination, that's what this is.
That’s a lot of love right there.
Literally sobbing in the Dr's waiting room.. too sweet!
Aw man why do you do this?
Look at me, I am the captain now, grandma.
Get grandma there alive. No pressure.
I’m crying like a little bitch. I would give anything for my grandma to see even my failures.
Priority boarding gets hugs and kisses!
I can put away the internet for today. Nothing will top this! ❤️
I was on an Alaska flight last year where the captain and co captain were father and daughter. The grandmother was also flying with them as a passenger. Made my day!
“Hey grandma, ever wanted to do a barrel roll?”
u/gifreversingbot
r/oldpeoplerealizingstuff
Weird that she didn’t know already. Crazy coincidence.
Imagine how happy she probably was telling people next to her
Great hugs.
damn i wish i could make my family proud instead of being a worthless disappointment
Omg I'm at work. I can't look anymore. :')

How proud this woman must be to be on a big machine like that and know that her granddaughter is flying it? She comes from a time when women didn't even come close to jobs like this.
That’s so sweet!

Watching the video, I can smell her Grandma Perfume.
I think she just got an upgrade to her ticket!
So sweet. She must be hella proud too.
that was beautiful

thanks for sharing
I feel something warm in my heart
How sweet!
I feel something warm in my heart
How sweet!
We need the Sauce!
How awesome is that!
She gets bumped to first class!
Cute
I bet she didn't stop talking about how proud she was the whole flight.
This is why I follow this subreddit for.
Grandmas are so awesome. My granny broke her hip few days ago and she is 91. Doctors said she is probably not gonna walk again and that makes me so sad. The first thing she asked me after waking up from operation was am I finishing my thesis. Grannies  are so supportive of their grandkids. I love her so much. :(
Nothing like getting that type of love from a grand parent. I miss mine every day. Cherish them.
So she could have flown for free?
So wholesome.
As a frontline worker in a long term centre please call your grandparents once a week. Even if it's just 10 minutes they will love it and talk about it for days!
[in her head]
shit i remember this kid had a favorite flavor of crayon.
I miss my Gma 😞
I saw the thumbnail and read "*Woman realizing the captain of her flight is her Grandmother*".

&#x200B;

And holy shit did I start getting concerned as she held the doorframe and boarded the plane.
Who the hell throw me some tear gas!! 😭
Right at the end:  "You're at the back, in economy, next to the bathroom.  Try not to pull an Eartha Kitt this time."
Grandma-hugs are the best
Imagine your grandma back seat driving but you’re flying an airplane
Reddit is worst format because you can't see my profile pic
This is great. 

I lost my Mom when I was 6, so my Grandmother has been like a mother to me. We get together and grab lunch once a week. Always appreciate your grandparents.
Lovely
Brb, going to call my grandma
That hug made me melt. I miss you grammy.
You know what would be super rad? If Granma gets to ride shotgun
Wouldn't have been comforting for the other passengers if she saw her, screamed "SWEET BABY JESUS NO!", and ran back off the plane.
I miss my grandma ugh my heart aches now, this is so cute. My mom went to stay with her before she passed from cancer that had spread throughout her body. I remember getting a phone call from her and I could tell she was out of it because she called me honey bunch. She called me it as a small child but I was 14 at the time. She wasn’t sure what year it was. It was after that day that my mom bought a plane ticket to Maine to stay with her and care for her in the final moments. Miss her everyday.
This is pure
She better fly around all the turbulence or she’s not getting a $5 bill in her next birthday card
Hope it not one of them "no-gravity" flights. Granny will maybe not be so happy after….
This reminds me of when my grandma used to hold my face while smiling like that. I miss her.
bump her to first class
This made my morning. So sweet.
Finnaly something happy on this site
Safest plane in the sky, that flight.
Stand back everyone, I'm getting in on this hug!!!  I love you, have a hug!
It kinda scares me to think that it’s just another normal person flying the plane you always think everything’s a computer program until human error.
This is so lovely.
Awww grandmother are some extra cute beings.
Not Captain with two stripes. I don't even know what that is. Second officer maybe.
This is adorable :'((((((
Love this!!
I miss my grandmas
She had to already have known on some level!
I didn’t have a ticket for this feels trip. 

Hug your grandma everyone, I only got one left myself :/
This made me remember the last time i saw my grandmother. She wasnt expecting us. We drove 500 miles  to see her. This was her face when me and my daughter entered the room. She passed away 1 month later. But i will always remember that moment
One time my husband and I were on a plane and when the flight attendants were introduced my husband realized one was his former boss - a manger at Toys R Us when he worked there.
My grandma would have turned around and walked off the plane. But than I’m not a pilot.
I just cried
(Elderly Grandma voice)“In my day, women only served men! Women never flew! Don’t wreck, shugaroo... make women proud!”
I always like the double take.  "Hello...oh my!!  It's you!!" 

&#x200B;

Hugs and feelings ensue
She reminds me of my grandmother. She's wheelchair bound and lives in a nursing home so she doesn't travel anymore.
it looks like she's patting her Grandma down for some Werthers!
That is fucking adorable
Wait when did Natalie Dormer become a pilot?
Beautiful moment :) thank you for sharing!
The hug then the look back to tell people, " this is my granddaughter!"
Yeah this is that wholesome shit that I like.
**I miss getting hugs from my grandma.**
No one's that happy to see me :-( lol
My last grandma died almost 3 years ago. I still cry thinking about her.. I miss her deeply.
Weird comment but I can like..."smell" that hug. It's got that good ole "grandma" smell.
Wholesome AF.
I'm not crying,  you're crying!
Greate 😇
I know it’s not true, but I would be thinking this is the safest flight ever.
I know where granny is sitting.    First class all the way, or at the minimum she going to get a second bag of 8 peanuts
Thats not a captains outfit...
That's so absurdly sweet I have diabetes now. Thanks, subby.
r/happy
She just can't stop hugging her granddaughter.  So nice. :)
I dont have grandparents :( .
Such a beautiful and heart warming video! :)
Wish my grandparents are like her. 😌
I miss having grandparents 😢
"Excuse me, stewardess! Has the captain eaten dinner yet?"

"Ma'am, this is a quick 2 hour flight, we're not serving a meal."

"Oh dear, where's the kitchen? I'm just going to whip up a quick dinner for everyone."
I don't think any of my grandparents ever hugged me like that....
i have to wonder:  did she not know her grand daughter was a pilot? or does she fly super duper often?  If I had a close relative who was a pilot, and there was any possibility of them being the pilot for a flight I took, I would exclusively use their airline, and ask them about it *every time*.
Neat!
my grandma loving heart 😭
FeelsGoodMan
Why am I crying at work rn
Woman realizing the captain of her flight is Candace Cameron
And instantly is transformed from a big important pilot to a little girl hugging her grandma.
It would have been funnier if she freaked out and said "I'm not going on a plane with a woman pilot!" , that's what my meemaw would have done.
Grandma wasn’t done hugging you!
This is too pure. I need to go visit my grandma.
that was cute as shit.
So great to see you, Gran.  Now, back to coach with ya.
I bet she told everyone! She looks so excited
I'm going to cry holy crap
There are some good in this world and it is worth fighting for
I want to say something hateful but,...... I just can't. This was nice.
Upvote to infinity!!
I miss my grandma's. Lost one 5 years ago and the other 3 months ago too 😭
That was amazing, I wish she was my grandmother
/u/gifreversingbot
What is this water leaking from my face?!
Brought a tear to my eye, not going to lie
"Here's a Tupperware of chicken soup. Heat it up on the stove top. There are two biscuits and a slice of cake to go with it dear"
I’m not crying, you’re crying
She held out her cheek (the granddaughter). I used to do that all the time... never understood why my grandma always had to kiss my cheeks (in my 30s). I always presented it upon hello and goodbye.
r/mademesmile
OP, I am taking my hat off to you because you didn't wrote old woman or granny. You have my deep respect.
In alternate universe,Grandma is angry shit you did not upgrade me to business class !
How dare you post a gif instead of  video !
My grandma passed more than 10 years ago and there are moments when I catch myself thinking, "Oh, maybe I call Poh Poh and ask her if I'm doing this right" when I'm whipping up a dish for dinner, only to realize that I can't anymore.
That would be aweome
Man, I really miss my Nana.
r/MadeMeSmile
My grandmother is never this proud of me. Mostly because she’s dead.
This was sweet until she told her that she couldn't use the bathroom in first class.
I could feel her pride through my phone.
And now I miss my late granny. Bless her. Thanks for sharing!
My grandmother passed away in February and I miss her everyday. Her smile made my days so much brighter and she was my best friend. Give your grandma a hug today if you see her, this clip made my day.
She’s got a face like stink before she realises
She’s not a captain tho she doesn’t have 4 bars on her epaulettes
You should xpost to r/mademesmile. Thank you for spreading this joy today. 🥰
I wish i had a pilot grand daughter...
I can hear that universal grandma surprise in this gif
I was kind of hoping the grandma would recognize her and instantly walk back off of the plane like nope not today
I miss my grandma's. One died a few years ago and the other is in the late stages of Alzheimer's in another state.
*crashes*
You just know she's gonna proudly tell everyone on that flight her granddaughter is the captain. This is quite wholesome.
Aww, now I miss my grandparents.

Needed this today.  So sweet.
No Grandma I am not serving pretzels, I am flying the plane.

Grandma gets off.
What is this if not a perfect example of an accomplished grandmother.
Theres NOTHING like the love from your Nan... This really made me teary thinking of mine now passed...

If you've still got em, love em... <3
She looks so grumpy initially.
Did the grandma get a seat upgrade?
Damn, I miss my grandma. 😥😢
This is amazing
*not Captain... Second Officer.
This is so pure 😍
This is so sweet! I wish I could give my grandma a hug again
Wholesome AF!
This is so wholesome and it makes my heart so happy.
I'm not crying, you're crying
Man, I wish I still had my grandma around
She did the little “grandma smack” right when she realized. My grandma used to do that too. I miss it.
That's amazing. The way she looks at her, such moment of pride.!
Its sobering to realise you have never, nor shall ever make anyone feel pride in your existence. Damn.
A woman pilot!? I’d be hugging and kissing my loved ones too!
Onion ninjas strike again. I buried my last Grandparent this past xmas season. She is truly missed. If you have Grandparents give them a shout.
I love you. Please don’t crash
Sauce!?
This warms the ❤️
Fuck me, 1:42 pm? Way too early to start cutting onions.
Times in life I wish I actually had grandparents I could be close with. hah
You are a good man for blessing us with this content, I'm saving this so it can brighten up my day when I feel down.
Cut the her getting off the plane muttering, I’ve seen her driving a car
I'm not crying you're crying
Grandma hugs are the second best thing in the world.

The best thing being excited grandma hugs!
And she still can’t get an upgrade!
Well I’m dead now because my heart just melted
They crashed soon after
Talk about being in good hands! That was so wholesome :)
At least they died together
Then se remembered what her grades were like in college.
She whispered her to her ear to not land the plane.
There’s so much love in that big hug
Brought tears to my eyes! So happy, suprised, and proud grandma!
You just know she's going to be ecstatic telling everyone her granddaughter is the captain.
Nah, I ain't crying. Just something in my eye.
This is wonderful on so many levels 🙂 Take care both od you! 😊
Imagine accomplishing something that would make your grandparents proud...
Anyone have the video that's got more than 4 pixels?
She turns around and screams saying to run for their life cause she’s seen her driving 😂
I miss my oma...
Flying the friendly skies
Now don't you crash this plane.
Man, imagine the next passenger thinking they're going to get a VERY warm welcome too...
Damnit, I wish my job was that cool 😩
That's her day, week, month made.
Awww
This made my day
W H O L E S O M E
Damn, that was wholesome.
Well that felt good!
Awww
r/wholesome
There is a world of a difference between Second Officer (two bar epaulettes) and Captain (four bar epaulettes).
This was amazing, and pure joy. Thank you
... and walk off the plane.
Omg that’s so wholesome! MY HEART!
Aww.

&#x200B;

I actually read grandfather first, so when I saw the old lady I was like "wait a minute.."
You just know she’ll be telling everyone around her that her granddaughter is the captain!
I have a cousin learning how to be a commercial piolet. She's working really hard. She told me a story about the first time she got to control the plane, I think it was just a small plane they use specifically for training. She said everything was going good until she turned her head to reply to the instructor in the seat behind her and then she threw up. So far that's the worst that has happened but she passed everything so far.
Talk about frown turned upside down
This is so sweet and wished my grandparents got that excited to see me lol. I've never been close with my moms parents... My grandfather on my mom's side is very too himself and when he has to socialize isn't friendly, he made fun of me in Spanish because I didn't speak it.. my grandma was sweet but doesn't speak much English but when I do see her (they live in a different state)  she always tries to feed me... She's a awesome cook. My grandparents had 8 children and their are alot of grandchildren and great grandchildren so I get it. I don't see them that often but I know they love me. 

My grandmother on my dad's died when I was really small.. I heard she wasn't really nice. Well she wasn't nice to my aunt but glorfied my dad (I think it was a puerto Rican/Hispanic thing) my grandfather though, I heard he was amazing and kind person. Fun story after he died and my mom was pregnant with me she said she had a dream of him coming to her and hospital garb with me in his hands saying in Spanish "this is your girl" my mom said she decorated the nursery in girly stuff. My aunt and grandmother thought she was crazy but here I am :) I wish I got to meet him though..
Cute...
Someone should insert David Spade SNL flight attendant. Ok bye bye!
my heart
Seriously, grandmas are the coolest group of people on earth
2 bars are first officers not captains.
Right in the feels.
My grandmother would likely turn around and get off the plane.
Why did this hit me in the feels!?
I really miss hugs from my grandma. :(
The second officer but yeah, I get the feels of the moment.
So sweet ❤️
that was really heart warming my grandparents for my moms side live in Florida and I only get to see them at least once a year
This is the fucking cutest thing!  I was honestly expecting some sort of negative reaction or outcome, but this has restored my faith that there is happiness in the world!
I miss my grandma and moments like this with her :'(
[deleted]
u/cdw39
r/MadeMeSmile and r/MadeMeCry we need a sub for things that make us smile and cry at the same time :'/
damn she cute! would totally tap, the granddaughter is fine too but not my type
wholesome AF.  DOWNVOTE ME ASSHOLES.
Congrats  I don't think there's anything better  then seeing your kids and  grandkids turn out right
That’s one good looking pilot and she loves her grandmother. Marriage material
Golden reaction. That appreciation is just pleasing to watch.
r/wholesome
VVIP
If she then immediately got off the plane, would you get out of there too?
I thought I was browsing yesyesyesno and was expecting some sort of calamity
So amazing!
and after all that she still has to ride in coach in the middle seat.
How dare you make me cry at work
Crying. Pms.
Damn the feelz :)

 i wish either of my parents looked at me that proud. 

They were miserable f*ckers anyways.
"ah shit is this the one who can't do math or the smart one?"
Don't tell Kenneth Parcell
She looks like the captain of her heart.
Grandma's are just too good.
She just looks like the sweetest grandmom!
Never met my grandparents :(((
I'd give anything to see my Oma's face light up like that again.
I’m not crying. You’re crying.
Wholesome
Kiss your granny's you heathens
My grandma lived in the Philippines and she passed away a couple years ago. She always asked me to visit and I told her I would soon everytime I talked to her. One of my biggest regrets is not taking the time to visit her one last time and talk to her. So for anyone who still has any of their grandparents, give them a hug or call them because it will eat you up if you don't. It still hurts me to this day so do not make the same mistake.
Ahh man i miss my grandmother. She gave hugs just like that
This is sweet and everything, but could you imagine being the person sitting next to this proud grandma?

Yes lady, for the 500th time, I'm sure that is your granddaughter...
Grandmas are the best 💓
This has so many layers of meaning. So lovely.
Beautiful moment...
I bet she told everyone about her granddaughter as she walked down the aisle to her seat. Love it
Such a beautiful moment, I am crying here..
I’m at work crying my eyes out reading everyone’s stories
Adorable
Damn, this makes me wish I had a grandma
"Who the fuck are yo-" "Oh my God!!!!"
Let's be real Co captain
Old people can be so cute sometimes
That old lady exactly looked like my grandma 😔
She sadly passed away last year. Enjoy every moment with your grandparents while you still have them❤️
I bet she told EVERYONE that it was her Granddaughter, as she should.
That's my progeny!

Go progeny!
I wonder if grandma got upgraded to first class.
This is so heart-warming (:
Hey this broke my heart, thank you
Made my day
Geez, this one made me cry, but it also made my day. My last grandma passed 11 years ago, this year she would have turned 100.
I read this as "Grandfather" and was REAL confused when I saw how old the woman was.
Now get yo ass to coach!
great now im crying. making me miss my grandma
I don't have grandparents that can show that affection.  A little jelly
Dang Grandma's give the best hugs 😢
This might be a dumb question, but is there any regulation on airline pilots flying a plan if there’s a family member on board? Like in terms of avoiding preferential treatment by the pilot or something like that?
That's unfiltered love right there
yeah my memaw would turn the fuck back around and start gamblin again if she saw me flyin
No sound version?!?
These are the reaction I love for. So happy!
I miss my grandmothers.
Imagine what the granddaughter may have done if she didn’t have a good relationship with her grandma.
“Welcome to the flight, Grandma! Now, please get to your seat, last row, middle seat, right by the bathroom. The seat doesn’t recline there. Enjoy your flight, love you!”
I wish someone loved me this pure and sincere.. maybe someday. *sobing in swedish*
As a person who isn’t close with their family, this warms my heart.
I hate to be that person, but how come I only see 2 white stripes? Or the blue lines are the stripes? Either way, it’s still missing the stripes required for a CA, which is 4.
I saw a dog once, just saying.
tOtaLLy sPonTanEouS
Judging by her 2 stripes on her shoulder she's a first officer (co-pilot) and not captain but still wholesome as fuck as they say
I came here for the uplifting comments. Sometimes one just needs to feel love.
No pressure.
Thats so awesome
fuck, what I would do for a genuine hug like that right now
I love this
Coolest thing ever
Wow just marvelous
r/MadeMeSmile
❤️
Old Granny is so proud. Real Aww Moment
This is awesome!! I have two daughters who are getting their pilots license and I know my mom would be so tickled to see one of them as Captain. 🤙🏽
The video and post need to be upvoted past heaven!
why do i wanna cry
You know the whole flight she was talking to he fellow passengers going, “my granddaughter is the one flying this plan you know?”
I miss my grandma.
1 upvote = 1 prayer for sudan!😢
My heart melted at this moment.
Looks like she almost hit her in the beginning
Nobody loves you like grandma!
very nice god bless the family
This is just heartwarming
This is why grandma lives with us
My grandfather was the biggest influence in my life. There is not a day that goes by that I am not reminded of him. I encourage all of you who can to call them just to say hi. That goes for your parents as well... No one knows what time is left
