Oh that’s great. Mine barks like an ass.
It's incredible how clearly animals can communicate with us sometimes
There were words I couldn't use near my dog. "Walk, beach, food, car, store, work, I'll be back etc.." So, I began to spell them out when speaking to others. My dog ended up picking up on the spelling too. So smart.
*Hey! Maybe a little somethin' somethin'?*
"Hey.. What's uhhh... What's that over there? A leash I believe? For going for walks? That's quite a nice one at that. I nice leash for a nice walk? With you...... and me.... Sometime today? Like now? Idk it's all on you. Also what a beautiful day for a walk!"
You have to go on that walk! You know...because of the Implication.
[My God human, I *know* you understand me](https://i.imgur.com/I8iKj2I.png)
The hour after I get home from work is spent being brow beaten by 2 30 pound manipulators.
*Sending walkies vibes*
r/walkthedamndog
They say animals can't understand language My old bulldog could just be laid out in the floor, but when i said "time for a walk?" He'd be up in a mad scramble. When i said "where's your leash?"  He'd waste no time running around looking for it. When i might ask:  "do you like chicken?" He knew exactly what he was going to get. I made it a point to teach my boy tons of words and phrases. I even made up a song "Ellison Park. Ellison Park, Ellison Park is for you". I could just hum the the tune and he was jumpin jack flash ready. I loved that old dog!
Camera shakes when the doggo moves his eyes... The cameraman is doing something else off screen that makes the dog's eyes follow.
Omg that is too funny
*indication
👀
Oh for God's sake! Take the leash!
Incredibly subtle.  Not even moving the head.  Just the eyes.
[removed]
Oh god. My mother in law possessed that dog.
The thing is that she’s not gonna say no, she’d never say no…because of the implication.
“You, uh....you gonna put one of those bad boys on me?”
I have trouble believing this is just the dog looking at the leashes of its own accord, I believe it's been trained to sit still well enough, but the subtle camera shakes leads me to believe that the owner is gesturing behind the camera while the dog's eyes are following their gestures. The camera shakes are too well synced with the dog's eye movements.

But it's still cute to no end anyway.
It's like he's trying to use telepathy to make them look at the leashes and then checking to see if it worked :')
Human. Walk. Now.
Dogs are so smart.
This is fucking incredible!
Please tell me this sweet dog got to go on a walk!
/r/walkthedamndog
That last look before the end.... <3!
I love him!
Hey uh..you maybe uh...maybe just...uh 👀...wanna go...idk...maybe just uh 👀....you'd might wanna go like 👀....idk...for a walk or something idk...👀
Great example of dog IQ.  From what I've read, "Inference by Glance" is a very subtle gesture, understood immediatley (i.e. first try) only by dogs & other primates.

Having lived with us longer than any other animal, they've clearly evolved into something different.  A wolf wouldn't get this if we did it, much less employ it themselves, as this clever boy is doing.
Doggo is 100% a good, polite boi. 10/10 should give him a walk.
That’s a very smart dog, it reminds me of how when one of my cats want something they start meowing and then if I follow them they’ll go over to what they want. It shows how smart some species can be if they understand how to communicate these things to people
I don't want to be that guy, but I suspect he is doing some simple gesture that captures dog attention. Check the camera how slightly shakes every time the dog moves his eyes.
Idk what breed this dog is but everytime ive been around these breeds they have been super friendly and patient. Truly one of the goodest of breeds.

** does anyone know the breed?
Millionth repost.  Fuck outta here with that shit.
Dog*
"I'm dropping hints that I wanna go for a walk"


"I wanna go for a walk"
One more comment. I learned recently that dogs are one of the few animals that follow a line of sight. Was he by chance, mirroring you, looking at the door/leashes?
This dog is very human-like
My dog this this too! The eye thing is so funny.
Very subtle.
This made me laugh out loud!
My girlfriend's dog used to be able to spell! They'd spell out words like "walk" or "treat" and he'd know! He knew at least 10 words! He was AWESOME. R.I.P. Rocky.
Anyone else think of the Simpson’s?   https://youtu.be/T55ArHjeR1c
I just wanna know if OP took em on a walk or not
I have a very "talkative" dog who will bark at me when she wants something, but sometimes it isn't clear exactly what she wants, so I made this little poster with different pictures on it that represent different things like food, chewies, and going outside and taught her to point at the one she wants. Now she barks for my attention, runs to the poster and paws at the thing she wants and our communication has become kind of perfect. Now I never have to wonder what it is she wants from me.
I love his little face!!! And those big eyes!!! Pleading in a non aggressive way!!!!
He’s gonna point eventually. He will evolve!
This is exactly what I do in certain situations where continuous staring is frowned upon. :)

[Seinfeld - George Looks at Cleavage](https://www.youtube.com/attribution_link?a=ESdtA7vvzZY&u=%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DdbsmbCWUNEE%26feature%3Dshare)
That is a very good boy.  Take him out for a walk.
Why do people feel the need to manipulate these gifs into making animals more intelligent than they are? I'm sure a handful of dogs might legit do this but come on boys and girls it's clearly reacting to the owners hand moving.
This dog is freaking me out.
"get that leash human!" 😅😂
We hoomans may be thick but thankfully, our dogs understand that we're all heart.
Lmao!
My dog does that too ❤️😀🐶🐾 Stares at the treat jar and at me and back again.
Lol
 Side eyeing, so you know s/He is ready for a walk.

That dog is adorable!
It’s so crazy how they drop hints lol
r/bettereveryloop
Much more subtle than my dog slamming his huge head against the front door like a wrecking ball.
lmao so damn cute and funny
Dogs are pure happiness
[This](https://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2019/06/17/puppy-dog-eyes-evolutionary-trick-manipulate-humans-say-scientists/) Article about how the eyes of dogs have evolved to communicate with humans applies here.
awwwwwwww
Take him on that walk...
The most amazing part of this isn't what he does with his eyes but what he does with his mind, conveying the messages of our dark lord Satan.
Not only is the dog able to point, I’d bet this one is smart enough to follow the owner’s finger when they point
I LOVE this dog!
Love it.  My dog does this too, especially for food.
Can you like... you know...
My dog would do this! She would sit down and look at me and then look at her treats and then look at me again. She kept doing that and she would only move her eyes like in the video. She was such a good girl
Those eyes!
Our dog does similar things. It kinda sucks. Instead of being annoying and barking for food she will get excited run over to you and sit. Just be quiet and look at you.  It's torture to not feed her people food sometimes.
Good boy deserves all the walks
They don't need to speak to say a lot. Thousands of years of evolution made them a really amazing creatures. Mine died last month after 15 years, was my 15 birthday present. Honestly is unbelievable how much you can love a dog.

Mine was a border collie and I can assure, and i believe that anyone who have or had a collie is agree with me, they are exceptionally smart.

Was a deep connection since the beginning.
Am I the only one who thinks he keeps looking there in anticipation of what the human is about to do because he has been through the routine of "it's time for a walk" so many times, as opposed to telling the human what to do? The whole pointing with eyes things seems like a cultural (even if universal) thing that a dog would not understand.
Insinuation. 

He is insinuating. You are registering the implication.
One smart doggo.
*dog
the lil eye motion ashdhdjfkkfjdjsbs
This dog is on another level
Such a polite boi!
It's dog not doggo
This would be better if you simply said Dog instead of Doggo. It makes you look stupid like hammer-pants and a mullet.
“The Implication”
This has GOT to be, one of, the goodest boys EVER.
Mine does this toward the treat jar. 😂
this is hilarious my dog does the eye thing too
Kinda creepy but I love it, it’s like someone got their wish to be a dog in their next life just because they wanted to be Reddit famous.
So cute!
Would upvote cool gif. Can’t because of doggo reference.
I'm going to be a Debbie Downer, I'm sorry.

The most likely scenerio going on is that the dog was told to "Stay", and their owner was pointing with a treat in hand. The hints are the jerky motions of the camera (following the inertia of the hand motion) and the gripping of the toes to keep balance from a sharp extension of their arm, off setting their center of balance.
I will downvote "doggo" until the day I die. Cute video aside from that.
It's doggy not doggo.
The way the camera shakes every time the dog's eyes move leads me to believe the person recording is moving something off-camera to get the dog to look to the left.
I don't know why but I find this creepy
Fakeeee. Dogs just looking at his hands or something. Notice the camera slightly shakes everytime before the dogs eyes move to follow it.

&#x200B;

detective of useless videos, out.
Fake. The camera shakes every time the dog looks up. Person is probably moving their hand / some item near the leash
“Doggo” what a stupid word
My pup loves walks, but is terrified of the harness and leash. Idk why, we always acted like the harness was fun and exciting, gave her treats for it etc. Poor pup just hates being confined.
I do this with my friends when they have food I want to try 😂
My dog does this sometimes (not consistently) and I’ve often wondered if I’m making it up, or reading into it. But this has me convinced he knows what he’s doing!
Hollie does this- for walks, food, that cake on the table, the meat on my plate
Slick dog #1
“Hey soooooo, we out?”

“We out?”

“We out?”
This has made me feel glee
Could you. Just. A little. To the left. Please. Hooman. Leash. Walk. Let's go.
the ol razzle dazzle
“It’s right there man!”
My dog use to do something similar (though over all I would say much less politely) before he went blind. Now he just stares at a walk, sometimes it is the right wall.
Reminds me of https://youtu.be/H6yL4v9Z1f4
My dog used to do this when she wanted something, just stare at me and jester with her eyes, the moment I'd get up she'd run off hoping I was getting whatever she wanted.
**_”Take...the...hint...human!”_**
My puppy does that too, but she moves her whole head instead.
Cattle dogs are the very very best beasties.
My dog does this exact same thing. I trained her to show me what she wants. She'll run to the front door and look at me and the leashes when she wants a walk.
Lol my dog does this for treats
What a smart dog.
Red heeler. Super cute and smart!
I think your dog is training you
That is so cute.
LOL my Labrador will do something similar. He will nudge his leash & harness ever so gently so that it clinks against the wall.
Aussie cattle dogs are smarties 🤓
Is that dog Canadian?
My labrador does this, she'll sit and just kind of turn her head from me to the harness and back until I get the hint.
Once I realized my dog pointed with his eyes, I started pairing eye movements with verbal commands when teaching sit, down, go grab that thing, etc. He learned way faster that way, and eventually I could use only my eyes to ask him to do things. He ignores me anyway, but it's neat that he understands.
*Slowly getting up from chair* Must...……..go...………….towards...………...door...……………..for...….........…..some...…..reason...……

*Begins shambling towards door*
He hem human .....
Walk him you monster!
You couldent refuse taking that dog for a walk because of the implication.
My doofus of a mutt does that exact same move.
Very often it’s the titles of posts and the way they frame the action that make me laugh. This is one of those times.
So uhhh, I’ve been stuck in this house all day.  Why don’t we, uhh, I don’t know, maybe you know, go for a walk maybe?
I want to see you reach for the leash now!
Who could say no to those eyes?
Awww
Dog said "👀"
I wonder if in a thousand more years we will be so advanced at communicating with doggos that we can have very bland conversations with our dogs.

  (I already have full esoteric conversations with my dog but it's not reciprocated very well).
Love this.  They are so smart.
Love this so much
this is great
My dog does this exact thing with her dental treats at the end of the night. Once she finishes dinner her whole life is about getting that treat. She sits in my kitchen and slowly nods towards it.
Subtle like a sledgehammer
That made me laugh out loud, thank you for posting this. :)
[removed]
9
r/DogsOnWalks was made for this kind of content 💗💗😭💗 so precious
Leash isn't going to leash itself.
My dog has started doing the same thing for the treats on top of her kennel. It’s adorable.
My dog would do this. I found that if I just stop and focus on my dogs with all my attention, they would tell me all kinds of things— usually to fulfill their needs, but occasionally to share their feelings or anxieties. I’m super tuned in now. and as a result I feel we are closer than ever.
Subtle hints!!!
Just. Grab. Realquick. Lol
BECAUSE OF THE IMPLICATION !!!
I love this so much.
Hahahaha I'm crying
Psst hey. Nudge nudge wink wink
I was getting tired of all the same animal gifs and pictures, but this one is gold. Lol
I effin love dogs haha, adorable
Haha my dog does that too with his frisbee. Making sure I don't forget it when I'm getting ready.
Omg my little guy does the game thing... funny thing is that he's also a heeler
Awesome
Watch my eye's human.  You see them?  Where are they looking? Yes, yes, the leash!  You got it, good human.  Now grab one and let's go for a walk.
When I was growing up we had a Dalmatian that would do exactly this, except that he would look up to the top of the refrigerator where we kept his treats.
That is just adorable :)
I'll have to get video of my dog doing this almost exact same thing (except she taps them with her nose; I've always said the smarter dogs move their eyes more than their head)...she's a very similar looking pooch, too!
My dog does this too. But he turns his while head real quick not just his eyes 😂
My dog is much less subtle
Look into my eyes, follow my eyes
Hey there big guy.  You know what would be nice on a day like this?
My dog just stands by the door and barks at me whenever he wants out.  It is amazing how your dogs train you sometimes.
Adorable. Adorable. Adorable!
This is brilliant!! LOL
I've seen this one before. I don't know why but this time I just can't ... I feel like crying. That doggo is so sweet and appealing.
LMFAO
Jedi mind trick
Take him for a walk you monster
What a little cutie
hahaha.  My cattle dog pup used to do something similar.  He'd sit by his bowl and stare at us, and then turn his whole heat down towards the bowl in this dramatic gesture. Then back at us.  Then back at the bowl.  You could just hear him saying "Sigh" in his head every time.  It was hysterical, I wish I had a video of it.
My dog does the exact same thing
If you don't take him for a walk immediately I'll call John wick
Lol
Incredible, heartwarming, adorable and impressive - all at once!
I needed this. Made me smile
My dogs always had a hard time communicating what they wanted. [I could never tell.](https://i.imgur.com/zn3vMjs.jpg)
*c'mon dude my friends are waiting outside*
"these humans are so slow"
Adorable puppy
Too cute and so intelligent!😊
Mammal to mammal: Do you know how to embezzle, good boi?
KAREN I HAVE TO PEE
what breed is this smart boi?
That eye lol
Wow this is the first dog I have ever seen that I would describe as "polite and subtle"! Most dogs I know will yank the leash off the wall, drop it at my feet, run to the door, run back to me, run back to the door, then look at me like "Do I have to spell it out more clearly than this?!!"
r/bettereveryloop
Omgoshhhhhhh. That is precious as can be!!! <3
I love dog shifty eyes!!! 👀
My dog will go and stretch up and scratch the wall where her leash hangs lol
My dog does this with everything lol treats, leashes, and the bed when he wants us to go to bed. Cuteness 5000
What a hint
Hahahahaha he's human. So cute.
He is so polite! My boy is not like that at all haha
I can relate to the dog. That's me asking for a raise. I didn't get a slab of meat. 

I think I'll go feral.
My dog does this
"Psst, its time. Lets go!"
I've seen the same for Pizza
Made me chuckle
I have one of these dogs. Australian cattle dogs are crazy smart and intuitive. Tons of work, but tons of fun. Mine does this with just about anything he’s looking to get his paws on.
👀
My dog does this with the treat jar ... She's a fatty
Just an implication
That's how my cats ask for treats.
This made my day!
Dis made me smile
Mine does the same thing but when she wants food. She also points with her head instead of her eyes. She’ll look at me, then the food then back at me.
My german shepherd will do this if she sees the bag of treats on the counter. She'll bug me till I ask what she wants, then walk over and sit next to the bag and give me the guilt trip of my life.
I tell my dog to "show me" what she wants and then she will run to and sit in front of what she wants. This came to be after she would just sit and stare at you for hours until you figured out what was going on.
afawasfjkewbsgjkwebgjkbewjkgbwejk;fb 

&#x200B;

animals are so freaking intelligent man.
aww. that is literally how they communicate. with eye contact. my dog does this with food, water, and walks.
I don't understand what he wants.
It's almost scary
Translation: Can we...Go...On a walk?
WALK HIM
love it
Perfection.
Couldn't get one of the the pup when they get the leash?  I want to see it's restraint then.  Or excitement either one or both.
My dog does this, too, OP. I tried doing it back to her (e.g. telling her to go to her bed by looking at it quickly and then looking back at her), but she didn't get it.
subliminal
Love it!
That’s a good Boi!
Omg, like really?
So... 

^dat^walk?...
On one end of the spectrum is this polite dog and on the other end is mine who goes complete ass shit crazy running between me and the back door as soon as I get home cause that's when we go for a walk everyday.

Most days, the whole event is pretty cute and it's nice that someone is glad I am home. Occasionally he gets so excited that he will pee while doing his back and forth zoomies though. It's becomes less cute when I have to clean up piss.
I want to get him a rib stake
“so we walkin.. errr?”
The camera jiggles when the dog looks over so I’m pretty sure whoever is filming is maybe using a treat or gesture to make him look. Still cute.
I can just hear the dog thinking "Geez, take the hint already, dumbo"
he's not *actually* going for a walk, it's the implication.
My dog plays eye games with me too, he'll look at me, look at his ball and try to get me to bring it to HIM lol instead of the other way around. It works quite well.... lmao
My lab does this but with food
My dog does this too!  She's such a character!
\*hint hint\* FYI i really want to go for a walk LOL so cute.
But did OP take the dog for a walk? I have to know.
Argh I miss the audio in all of these top rated videos!
He is so beautiful.
That's how my dog wants out she also sits by the door
Repost for karma
I hope you took doggo on a walk
Incredible how strongly we can repost
My dog does something like this, darting her eyes between me and the front door when she needs to go to the bathroom.
Do you use eye signals for you dog?
Dog is obviously bursting for a shite
what a good boy 😭
That is the look I do towards my crotch when my wife is around, but it had never worked :(
So uh.... you wanna like... *get* my collar, please?
my catahoola mix does this but for treats!
Reminds me of that Peter Dinklage gif, you which one.
My baby girl does this too. They're so smart.

Drives me nuts though, because mine associates basically everything I do to "going for a walk". Putting on pants? Walk! Getting keys to leave? Walk! Breathing? Must be time to walk!
My dog does that! He just stands there and looks at his leash until I figure it out lol
Biggest laugh I've had today - thank you!!
One of the most interesting dog facts to me is that dogs evolved to show the whites of their eyes when they move them but wolves did not because expressive eye gestures are essential to human communication and wolves don’t fucks with humans. Edit: grammar
i like how he moves his eyes like that instead of just turning his whole head to look at the leash. seems really intelligent.
I need this dog.
This is awesome
Shiiiiit. My dog will knock over the whole damn house in excitement if you don't spell the word walk out if you mention it.
God damn this looks a lot like my first doggo Gizmo (Who sadly passed on last year a day after my Bday) just had to comment about their likeness and how awesome it was to see <3
As a Canadian, I am politely asking for possession of this dog. We would get along well.
Fucking amazing
You have a really cool doggo!
U SEE？U KNOW WHAT NEXT RIGHT？
“It’s about the implication”
This dog is beautiful! Looks like a shepherd/heeler mix?
Psst...psst...psst..let's go for a walk
Ours does that when there's food on the stove lol.
This is hilarious.
Aww..... I should do that too to try to look cute lol
Thats so cool
I remember seeing a documentary about how dogs communicate and they talked about dogs doing this with humans, but also with other objects like RC Cars. There was a treat in a glass case and a small hole only the rc car could get into, and as it approached the hole the dog was doing this 'gaze directing' to the car. It was so cute.
Well you gotta do it, "because of the implication".
Woah too human it’s gets kinda creepy
im not going to hurt these women!
If you don't walk this dog, op...
He could be tempted so.
If I say "go for a ride" my youngest dog starts running around barking and making this little excited sounds.
Mom said it was my turn to repost this
They wouldn't say no, because of the implication.
Hey...my guy
Yes human, reach for it so I can erupt with excitement!
Subliminal... to make you think it was your idea!!
Dogs are so smart
/r/likeus
I wish a had a dog
Best darty eyes ever! How can you resist that face?
This is a repost
My dog does the same thing... I can't believe I missed out on 82k updoots. We really take our good bois for granted.
ahaha mine half-barks at me!
Too pure
I love when animals do this. :)
This dog is creepy
That’s gold. My dog knows the ball is stored in a pot on a little bench outside. He does the same thing if I am outside doing something that isn’t throwing the ball. He sits down, stare at pot, stare at me, stare at pot, stare at me over and over.
So did you take him for a walk?
What a sweetheart! Take that dog for a walk.
👀
r/AustralianCattleDog

These are the smartest dogs.
Is there a science to dogs facial expressions? Cus my dog has full on eyebrow expressions and eyelids that widen and narrow, and she makes full use of them when trying to tell me something.
r/likeus
Lmao how smart
There’s not many more things that I love than a dog that understands subtlety
r/PetTheDamnDog
Polite and subtle? Or _will you grab the leash you asshole?_
We he looks back at the leash twice in a row 😍
Oh how could I resist that! Impossible
Caesar Milan (the dog whisperer) maintains dogs respond more to the energy rather than the meaning of words. I felt my dog had a great vocabulary. And I'm not "arguing" anything. Everybody picked up on what i was saying but you!
What a sweet pupper. My dog would run around in circles and wag his tail so hard his butt almost touched his face.
My boy has a lazy eye so I never know what he actually wants so I give both of whatever to him anyway
hes moving his hand off frame toward the leash
hmm it's that interrogation scene from Detroit Become Human 👀
awwww I WILL TAKE HIM!! 

Do you want out boy? Do you want to chase the ball?
I would definitely taking him for a walk
👀
I have seen studies that most dogs do this. If they are in a crate and they know what tool gets them out, they will point with their eyes to it and you to tell you to get turn out. I am actaully disappointed that my dog doesnt do this.
r/petthedamndog
Dogs can’t talk... so do they have brains? Like they walk but it’s because we tell them to walk
My girl is a whippet and she does this exact same thing only with a wimpy little whine at the same time hahaha
That’s the cutest thing I’ve ever seen today 😭 he just made my day
Omg!!  That made my day!  How cute!
He doesn’t say anything but just look at that eyes heje so cute
So cute!!!!!
This is the cutest thing I've seen in a dogs age
Where can I get one?
This made me giggle
Lovely! I used to have a key word for my good old friend when it was time for her walk. Sometimes, when it was time of our daily walk, I used to say the first syllable and she went all crazy, then suddenly I said a different word. It was pretty funny! I miss her so much! Best friend I've ever had.
Ugh I wish my dog was this calm. The second she hears any indication that we’re going for a walk she turns into a fucking wild animal and I can barely get the leash on her!
Thisbis the most upvotednpost I have ever seen
He has shifty 👀😂🤣
My dog does this when she wants me to get her ball so we can play fetch lol
That's a *SMART* dog.  Such a treasure.
My dog does this with her tennis ball, it's adorable.
"We can do this the easy way, or I can shit on the floor which will suck for everyone."
That is epic, my old pupper would go batshit insane whenever she heard anything starting with "Wa..."... Walk, water, watch, wash... didnt matter... Full zoomies... was funny, but a little rediculous... Subtle like this would have lead to many walks...
What a cute doggo!
r/likeus
Wow what a cutie 🐶❤
Love this! I wish my dog was this polite :)
SEE! DOGS CAN LOOK UP!
Cattle dog confirmed
u walk that good boy right now
Even a doggo is more polite than the kids from my homeplace.
I love him!  If only my crazy bunch was so polite. Take him and give this pupper a treat
#r/WalkTheDamnDog
Adorable
That’s some impressive joint attention.
Take that pup for a walk!
My dog does that with food lol
Once said leash is grabbed, is he a spin in circles kinda guy, or happy bounce kinda guy?
Haha mine does the same thing!
My dog does this when I’m in the kitchen and she wants an ice cube. She knows that I get one to put in my coffee every morning (I can’t drink super hot coffee) and I always give her one. So the minute I start pouring my coffee she parks herself next to the fridge and just stares
Sooo...how bout those leashes?? I mean, they are just hanging there, might as well go for walk...
I have one that will grab the leash off the coat rack and will bring you it and stare into your soul with the biggest puppy dog eyes EVER. How can you say no to that!? 😭
I love how expressive dogs' eyes are.
My kelpie does the exact same thing for walks and his food bowl
This is priceless! 💚💚
So cute!
Thanks for this because I was just thinking about this clip earlier today!
I wish i had a doggo 😭
This is one of the best things I’ve ever seen on Reddit
Aww Doggo, I would not only take you for a walk, but to the dog park!
\-Video Transcript-

\*look\*..........\*look\*\*look\*....\*look\*....\*look\* \[camera pans\] \*look\*

\-end of transcript-
If i was in bed and my bulldog needed to go out he'd come in my room, sit and kind of rock back and forth. Then he'd add the bulldog whimper. Then paws on the bed. Then the bark. Well trained dog I'd say.
I'd like to take him with me for the finals
This is one of the cutest things I've ever seen. Better've walked that good boi
Lol
Indication
Well, did he get the walk?
Where's he from, because he would fit in perfectly here in england.
WHAT TYPE OF DOG IS THAT IT LOOKS EXACTLY LIKE MINE
Dis killed me
#Praise be to the newest Champion of Reddit, u/TeisTom!

[Let us not forget the Champions of yore...](https://www.reddit.com/r/ChampionsOfReddit/)
I love it when dogs do stuff like this. Mine likes to do it when I’m eating
What a sweetie! Take him for a walk already!!!
Hilarious
Oh that is too much
Awww. My doggo gently nudges his leash when he wants to go for a walk. We never taught him this, but we did train him to ring a bell to let us know if he needs to use the bathroom. I think he realized that nudging something is one way to let us know what he wants.
He was real smooth about it though. We don’t deserve dogs.
This could not be more adorable! Hope that pup got a nice long walk!
Oh how cute 😊
My dog just goes spastic when it’s walkie time. I wish I could get her to be more chill about it but it’s literally her favorite thing to do in the world so she can’t be calm lol
This is too precious
Only if my 4 yo was this polite.
Dog.
Now they have to go on a walk

Because of the implication
r/walkthedamndog
LMAO ...... :-)
I read that first as if the dog’s name was Diego and now I’m slightly disappointed
My dog does this when were eating cake, its so adorable
Switch off the Internet, let's end it all on this high note.
If he was an old timey mobster he would be called Shifty LOL
Omg I’ve never seen a dog that looks almost identical to mine. So cute!
someone please tell me he was walked oh heck
@
Oh boi,some human minds can’t grasp the subtle,they can only comprehend the gross
He looks like my dog
My dog does this with food on the table
awwww
Very nice karma farming
Such a good doggo
This doggo expresses so much with his lovely face. Inspiring & Uplifting. Warms me up.
to top posts of r/all we go
“So....umm....you wanna....ya know....oh Fuck it, walk my ass!
Remember seeing this on the Johnathon Ross show (I think), had me laughing for a good while.

Wish I could say I reacted differently this time around
I think you mean indication
Ok this is probably the single greatest thing I have ever seen.
High form of intelligence that, dogs are a miracle for our species
Hahaha my baby doggo does this all the time 😁
Even though this is sped up 2x it is still nice
What a splendid boy, walk the damn dog already 14/10
👀
Smart dog.
Just saw this headline and thought of this pup. 

https://www.bbc.com/news/education-48665618
*Moves eyes over towards upvote button*
Ha! My doggo does this to my pantry door, since his dog food hides in the pantry. He’s tricked both my roommate and my boyfriend into giving him a second breakfast with this polite bamboozle.
What breed is this? So cute.
Lol his eyes are gonna fall out
r/walkthedamndog
What kind of cat is this?
Happy cake day u/TeisTom!
Very clearly moving something to make him look but still cute
Cute, but I think the dog is watching the owners eyes, and the owner looks at the leash from time to time, with tye dog following the owners eye movements.
My dog just jumps on me and carries me to the door
When my friend doesn’t see his ex at the club.
What comes to mind while watching this video is my thoughts of what the doggo is thinking and trying to express to the person holding the camera.

“Hello old chap. Might we peruse the neighborhood together? I have some business I would like to conduct. Shall we gather the necessities and venture on? Tally ho, mate!”
🙂😏🙂😏🙂
Okay, that’s a smart boi.
This doggo made me laugh today and I appreciate it!
Fat repost - word for word

https://www.reddit.com/r/rarepuppers/comments/b7s202/a_polite_and_subtle_implication_that_maybe_just/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app

Cute pupper tho
Good doggy
Mad communication skillz there, doggo.
What is Reddit’s obsession with the word “doggo”? Fuck off and speak like a regular person, this is embarrassing
Is every dog posted on this sub called Doggo?
*S U B T L E   B O I*
Didn't the word 'doggo' get banned yet?
Doggo speaks fluent side eye
The only thing that’s missing from this is the “Hey fucko” voiceover
Of course its a repost, and this post got more karma than the original one
[deleted]
Cmon hooman, doggo demands walk. Now.
That is why dogs are better than cats.
