This is adorable. Fully checked the kitchen for an empty bottle of wine. That seems like a, "my significant other is out of town so I'm cleaning while I drink wine" dance.
Sorry, bro... Kinda sucks that this is how you find out your dog is cheating on you.
[deleted]
Image you see this and you don’t own a dog.
I can't wait to have a dog.
Dude she is stepping out on you while you're away! 

That other guy looks like a total dog, too.
She is my SO and yes she knows about the cameras.

Edit - My house is smart and only accessible trough a VPN. She have access to the cameras too. I was not spying; I got an alert because it was after midnight and security was armed.

Edit 2 - We foster dogs from the local humane society from time to time and we like to make sure Nina our dog (the one in video) is getting along we the foster dog while we are at work. We also have an  electronic doggy door so we need to be able to see if the dogs are in or out. (We have a fenced yard and dogs can go in and out as they please)

Edit 3 - Nina wanted to say hi to everyone. https://i.imgur.com/gS3Tj99.jpg
Man finds wife with his best friend on camera while on a business trip..... in his own house no less
Mr. Steal yo gurl.
Just as I suspected, she's dancing with other men
Well, you've been replaced.
I love her.
you all know what to do, let’s pick apart OPs kitchen.
I dance with our dogs when my husband is home, why would us dog dancers change just because someone is out of town?
Never
[deleted]
Never let her go, OP. Life is much more interesting with a woman like that.
Plot twist: OP has neither a dog nor a girlfriend.
I’m listening to ‘Juice’ by Lizzo and they’re dancing perfectly in time with the music!
is that you hank hill?
This is so pure and awesome . Made me smile and wanna dance with a dog too.Too bad I have a cat.
She is cheating with your best friend!!  Solid proof!  I bet they even sleep in your bed together....
“The dog never dances with *ME*”
And with your best friend too :'(
I danced with my dog this morning. His moves are trash.
and I don't own a dog or have anyone staying there!
Plot twist, he's single and doesn't have a dog.
When you spy on your girl and realise you're a POS because she's wholesome af.
Damn, I need a dog
Your dog, stole your girl, watcha gonna do?
Lucky no peanut butter was involved
I call next dance! So cute! ❤️
What is SO?
My wife does the exact same thing, lol
Looking like your dog is trying to steal your girl
Do you own a dog?
[deleted]
I too have dance parties in my kitchen with my dogs
I was really expecting this to take some weird, disturbing turn. I need to spend less time on the internet.
Dance like no one is watching
Funny thing is he doesn't have a dog or girlfriend.
This is so fricking cute
This shouldbe the one time when you can say, "Man, she's been cheating on you. Hence, you should marry her. "
Did this women consent to you using her voyeur camera footage?  Everyone is praising the cuteness, but this was kinda creepy to post at someone else's expense .   This could have been something she doesn't want 135,000 redditors to see ; an event she believed was being conducted in the privacy of her own home

Edit: OP is a lawyer
Marry her
You vs the dog she told you not to worry about.
That cheating bitch! With your daughter/wife nonetheless!

Edit: /s I guess?
Haha who is that? I have a terrier mix so I have to pick him up when I’m dancing around my apartment.
Is that your dogsitter?
But what's the doggos name? Also more pup pictures would be appreciated.
Plot twist: OP doesn't have a girlfriend/wife or dog!

&#x200B;

Plot twist 2: OP is married but that isn't his wife.  OP's dog is having an affair with his girlfriend
Imagine not having a dog or a wife and seeing this
As a full time dogsitter I can confirm this is 100% what we do when you aren’t around
Your bitch can dance.. not so much the wife tho
Awwww! You got a a two for one! Saw doggo and SO dancing. I'm sure it made you smile and miss them more.
Just take those old records off the shelf
My wife does this with our dog. It makes me happy
Sigh. It's always your best friend
Plot twist, OP lives alone
I love that dogs are always ready to party no matter what. Start dancing around? Dog gets hype and joins right in. Celebrating something? Dog’s ready to chime right in with howls of his own. Dogs are so pure.
Does your dog sitter know you have indoor house cameras?
Plot twist. OP knows neither the dog or the lady in the footage.
Damn ur bestfriend is dancing with your girl in your own house. You hate to see it 😔
Someone’s happy you aren’t there!
Why tf are there cameras in your kitchen...?
Your girl is cheating on you with your best friend.
Tell me you neither have a wife or dog
Most dogs love unconditionally, have zero expectations, & give pure raw loving kindness...
Do..do you know her?
This is why I don’t want a camera inside the house. I don’t want my bf catching me doing something weird
Marry her, Give the doggo a good boi pat and treat
Plot twist: he doesn't have a wife or a dog.
OP this is so sweet. 

For some reason I’m imagining they’re dancing to “Achy Breaky Heart”. Very sweet.
That would make me want to get on a plane ASAP and get home to join in!
they have moved on without you
 Dont act like you didn't do something like that with your dog we all did that
Am i the only one who thinks its weird to have cameras inside the house like that? Even if ur SO is ok with it...feels different.

Not judging btw. Just thinking out loud :).
Peanut butter.
They so happy you are gone
Why do people put cameras in their houses connected to a network isn't this a huge privacy concern?
You know your place now.
It’s 12:47 am and your SO is still in jeans when you are out of town... clearly not like my SO who would wear nothing but my sweat pants and hoodies all day day and night.
I love how even when they’re unsure of what’s happening, dogs are happy and wagging their tails as long as they see their owner is enjoying him or herself
Peanut butter happy dance.
Dogs are dancing all the time with their tails.
tbh i read this title and immediately checked the sub it was in. was relieved to see r/aww and not r/tifu, because i could see this title leading to an entirely different outcome.
I've watched enough SAW movies to know exactly what is going on here!
Wonder what else she does with the dog when you're away....
Cameras are all fun and games until your SO catches you picking your nose.
The weird part is he doesn't either have a girlfriend or a dog.
You have been replaced
This would be hilarious if the title was... "Looking at my cameras during a business trip. When suddenly.... P.S - I live alone and I don't have a dog!"
This reminds me of when mum danced with our dog nutmeg. The dog wanted to dance, but only when the Franklin theme song came on. So me, a toddler, mum, and nutmeg would all be dancing in the living room to "hey its Franklin"
That lying cheating dog. OP, make sure you give him a good petting when you get back to make sure he knows his place in the house.
There was an askreddit or something recently that wanted to know how to help with depression... Aside from the obvious answers (doc, meds, etc) I had intended on saying:

When I feel a bad depressive episode coming (or I'm in one), I *make* myself sing and dance with my dogs. Their joy and excitement makes me feel better and it makes their little doggy days. Or I tell them dad jokes and pretend I'm insulted when they don't laugh
What was I supposed to do, not dance with a dog?
And I’m never gonna dance again, guilty paws have got no rhythm....
I would like to book myself in for an appointment to dance with your dog.
So other people slow dance with their dogs too...good
Yo gurl cheating with a handsome one.. Sorry pal
I have cameras in my apartment. I had requested my building maintenance team to come out to fix the blinds as the cord had ripped. I have a cat and a dog. Saw the maintenance guy come in and play with the dog for a few minutes. Then, he finally noticed the camera in the room corner, realized he was on video, and got straight to work. The nest cam notifies me whenever there is major movement in my apartment so saw it all live.
Man's best friend my arse!
Srry u have to find out this way 😭😭😭
Awww they are so happy you're gone 😂
This is what Bryan Griffin would want Peter to see.
Plot twist: he doesn’t know who the woman is
Plot twist: nobody knows who that woman is!
Extra plot twist: or the dog!
Even better if that’s burglar.
🎵 *I go out walkin', after midnight, out in the moonlight, just like we used to do...*
Man catches wife cheating with his dog.
“Have a good trip honey!  We’ll miss you!”

/s
Bro ... this dog has better dancing skills than i do.
Is that lipstick I see?!
Wholesome af. You did inform her of the camera I take it?
To find your wife raw dogging it on the kitchen floor while you're on a business trip on your own security cameras...

Man I'm so sorry!
This is the cutest thing I've ever seen
Not gonna lie, I half expected  when she turned around for the dog to try to mount her but forgot this isn't r/unexpected
Someone broke into your house and started dancing with your dog?!
Hope you know her.
This random lady breaks in and dances with my dog
At first I didn’t see the subreddit.. I was waiting for some paranormal activity.
Dogs just wanna have fun, oh dogs just....
Being ill at home and seeing your friends do fun stuff on social media
Very good boy 👍🏻
Cute! He’s a great dancer.
That’s so sweet!
I wish I knew what they were dancing to.
/u/wizzb
She Fuckin yo dog dawg.
r/unexpecteddogpill
She is cheating on you - That sucks
You're not married and you don't have a dog, right?
He doesn't have a wife or girlfriend....
I see nothing strange here. carry on.
He’s Mr. Steal Your Girl
I used to be addicted to the hokey pokey, but I turned myself around
Be a bit awkward if you didn’t have a dog or girlfriend
Lemme guess...you don't have a dog or a wife.
Caught my wife with my best friend while on a business trip*
Hahahaha, everything about this is just perfect.
I find that cameras within your own house are kinda creepy, like when do they come in handy? Cameras outside can catch someone breaking in, so why would you need the cameras inside?
Dance like no one is watching.... oh wait
It’s legal ?! 🤨
he is trying to stell yo girl
I've always said if the girl doesn't get along with the dog, she has to go. In this case, you better hope she doesn't leave, because the dog might go with her!
Cries in *single*
Nice floors
Im so glad my house isn’t wired up like an office building. No one needs to see my kitchen remotely for any reason ever.
your wife is having an affair with your best friend. Happens all of the time.
why do you even have a can in your room?
Bobby: "It's called 'Musical Canine Freestyle.'"

Hank: "Liar!"

Bobby: "No, it's a real thing! They have contests and everything. It started up in Canada."

Hank, shocked: "They're supposed to be our allies!"
Pretty shitty guard dog.
That's the most adorable home invasion ever!
Okay yep, there it is. The most wholesome thing I will ever see.
Damn that’s a lot of upvotes. What an adorable dog!
While I love smart homes cameras in the house is a big fat no for me. 

I gave 3 ring cameras but I don't think I could put one in my house
Keeper
This girl looks exactly like the hit n run driver that got chased by santa claus through France on the video i saw yesterday.

Now it makes sense, she was running because if she got caught she would no longer get to dance with doge
Creepy having cameras in your kitchen
There is the r/aww but i also see a fkng big r/creepy 👁
Worst thing is op doesn’t even have a dog. Or wife. 

Spooky.
Wow, dude! Your best friend AND your woman. That just sucks!
Who watches the camera footage of a trip they took and the house wasn't broken into? Is it just me, or is that hella creepy to do?
Creepy
This whole thread is wildly disturbing, especially everyone conding it, yeah, bring on the personal surveillance, what the fuck.
Marry her
I’ll never understand why people monitor the inside of their home. Entry points maybe but I don’t need to see a burglar make a sandwich.
Dude that’s majorly creepy of you
I bet she has no idea that he has cameras set up
The shit I've done with Shodan in my day makes me cringe at having cameras inside my house.
Ugh I miss being happy
Congratulations on the hot wife
Marry her
There is something unsettling about a device in your home recording everything and storing it on a server somewhere...
I mean, who doesn't do this with their dog?!
Looks like a keeper xD
you get a lot of kitchen break-ins?   the hell do you need a camera there for?
My wife would do this with our lab mix.


Our current dogs don't dance. One is too short (dachshund), the other is too big, and would just knock her on her short little ass, and the husky mix just doesn't like to be only on her hind legs for any reason.
I want her to babysit mine!!
Is this consider cheating? :p
 I’d get a more loyal dog ha ha ha ha
On the lighter side he dances quite well really!
Whoever she is, you'd better love her with all your heart.
This is something I would do.
A keeper!
Aww man
This is the kind of thing I would get caught doing while dog sitting 😂🤣
That’s one lucky dog. Looks like he is well loved.
Damn bro he steeling your girl
Some of these commentors are either poor or naive. Good for you OP. Home security is a smart decision.
That dogsitter deserves 5+ stars
I like the wood floor in the kitchen
Sorry dude, catching your wife in the act is not easy, especially when it's your best friend.
*grabs the peanut butter and disappears from view*
I don't agree with having a camera inside of a house. Outside sure, but inside interferes with people's privacy. I don't want my S.O to be able to see me at all times, I'm just not comfortable with that amount of access, plus cameras can be hacked n' shit. Each to their own but I think most people wouldn't like a camera INSIDE the house unless they're super paranoid.
Does anyone else think it's weird and disgusting for someone to have a 24 hr a day camera running in their hones to record everything?

If I was your dog sitter, your So or anyone in your family, I would feel personally threatened by such an intrusion into my privacy.

So yeah, a big fuck you to you.

There is literally no reason for this other than the fact that you're probably a raging control freak.
That was magical.
I love this so much
This is exactly why I stopped pet sitting. I got tired of them turning on the cameras and watching me. Felt very uncomfortable.
great doggysitter!!
They're so happy without you....
How weird to have cameras in your house that you watch lol
Omg I love her and you for loving this. So wholesome and happy
why do you have cameras inside your kitchen?
Not the worst thing she could be doing with the dog.
You spy on your family?
Dancin' with my dog.. Got a weird Billy Idol tune in my head now.
Hello 911, there’s a very handsome boy dancing with my wife
Do you know them?
Smh this is why I have trust issues
I dance with my dog all the time.
Sorry to tell this to ya: u lost your girl and there is no way of getting her back. You have my F and upvote
Your dog is hot.
I would probably fall into tears and tell myself"she's really the one!"


Fuck man....


Fuck.... Who is cutting onions in here.
Anyone else think it’s creepy to watch your wife do whatever while you’re out of town?
Unless you do Airbnb, cameras are for the exterior.
This is so cute. I love that the dog jumps back up for more dancing!
Wish we had sound so we know which song they are dancing to
Keep her.
Totally wholesome.
So wholesome!
Thought they were about to start humping
Having cameras filming the inside your home like this creeps me the fuck out. I don’t think this is normal or healthy.
Wtf cameras in your house?
She WAS cheating on him!
Actually me. I was having a dance party in the kitchen with my dog yesterday lol
Reminds me of one of the best king of the hill episodes of all time.
Me and my dog do the exactly the same thing. My boy loves dancing around to music.
I have to admit that the dog is a better dancer than I am. 🕺🏻💃
I'm sorry you had to your other half in the arms of another man
women teaching the dog how to Salsa dance?
Plot twist: OP does not own a dog.
Plot twist:   Man has neither a wife OR a dog.
Aww man if I had gold I’d give you it so here’s a poor mans gold ⭐️This is one of the best clips I’ve seen.
Who doesn't dance with their dogs?
Op shes cheating on you with your dog
it looks like she was dancing "La Chona" lol
I do this with my dog every day but her legs are so short and her body is so big that she cant hold herself for long.  :/
So when’s the wedding?
I want to know what song they were dancing to!
I love the little doggy ears swinging around. This is so adorable!
A girl broke into your house and started dancing with your dog?
Midnight Dog Dance?  I see nothing wrong with this.
And a I don't have a dog, a girlfriend, or a fridge. Someone stole my camera!!
That dog has got moves.
Who broke into your house and converted your dog?
Are you associated with either of these beings?
When I do this with my dog she thinks my hands are lunch.
"A business trip"     haha
Your dog is having an affair?
Your wife and your best friend!!  Shameless!
Dance like nobody is watch... oh never mind someone is always watching, dance anyways!
I don’t have a dog or girlfriend.
Plot twist: He doesnt own a house.
Whenever I try to dance with my dog like this, he puts up with me for about 5 seconds and then after that he starts licking and biting at my hands.
I need to know what song they are dancing to
Ah yes. The noble sport of dog dancing
"Isn't dog dancing wonderful Hank?"


"... Yes."
Plot twist: he lives alone. No wife, no pets.
See that... you're busting your tail making money to pay the bills and your significant other is at home cheating on you!
Looks like she has a rather good time when you’re away OP!
Is that vinyl flooring in the kitchen? How are you liking it if so?
Your dog is a pretty good dancer!
doesnt she look like Sarah Silverman?
Is your dog single?
That bitch is cheating on your with your wife!

Time to file that Vet papers, bruh.
She needs a raise. If she’s the sitter...
She’s obviously cheating on OP with OP’s best friend.
Traitor!
“So you’re cheating on me?”
this really creamcheeses my bagel
A girl broke your house and started to dance with the dog that's also not yours?
You have the same kitchen floor that I have. I like your style.
Let me guess, your home?
she's a keeper, and I mean the dog
Been drinking too much Swish.
I dance like this with my cat. He hates it.
My spotify started Celebration from Kool & the Gang playing when I saw this gif. It synchronized perfectly!
THAT BITCH!!!
He doesnt own a dog... or a girl
Awww!  My dog and i do that.
I like that floor.
That's awesome! My Trixie also likes to join in when I dance in front of her. Dogs are just the best.
King of hill had an episode about this.
I immediately thought of Bobby and Ladybird
[deleted]
Coulda been worse
Woman and dog break in house to dance
i can't get over the fact that the dog really wants to dance。
The dog! And all this time he was pretending to be your best friend...
Why do you have a camera in your kitchen?
I wonder what song are they dancing to Lol
Average day in the life of a dog owner...
Can’t even trust your best friend with your girl.
The bitch is cheating on you with some lady
Old Mother Hubbard.
Went to the cupboard.
To get her poor dog a bone.
When she bent over,
Her Rover took over.
And she got a bone of her own.
A dog comes home and they went to the ball
Here’s to your colorectal health, brother!

_clinks Metamucil mug_
> 05-14-2019

No wonder she's dancing with the dog, you've been away for over a month!
Is.... Is she cheating on you?
people having cameras in their own home are fucking stupid. shit like this is just waiting to be hacked
They don't need you any more.
Plot twist: You don't know that girl!
What town do you live in so I can look for the obituary after she murders you for posting this?
That dog is gonna be the pool boy in 10 years
I really hope for your sake as the partner or parent, that there was audio.
Mistrust is strong in this one
you've been replaced
I literally dance with my dog on the daily lol
"I've had the time of my life..."
She looks possessed
I do this with my dog all the time haha
They're having more fun without you...
I’m glad to see I’m not the only one who dances with their dog
They’re both happy that OP is away
Ahh the late night dance party with animals! I once lived in a rented room in a house and the couple who owned the house had a dog. Whenever they weren’t home that dog and I danced around the kitchen! She would always put her paws right in my hands when the music got turned on! Fun memories!
Is it normal to film your own home in America?
That dog is stooping your wife!
Sorry to hear about your wife and best-friend, dude.
Look how much fun they are having without you.
 You should confront her about it "honey i saw what you did with the dog."
Your partner oughta be a good sport
It's cute that they dance, creepy that you are watching them.
Probably made an NSA Agents day a little better too!
At least it's your dog , not your neighbour.
Hell yes. My puppy and I will have little dance parties every once in a while for no good reason. She'll jump up on me for scritches and next thing I know, her paws are in my hands and we're dancing around the living room. It's the best.
This would make me so homesick :(
This is why I don't want cameras I my home. When I'm alone, I want to be alone. I'd rather risk someone stealing my shit than have my privacy stolen. Even it's from my own family. I want to pick my nose without fear.
I hope you know them...
a big kitchen, a fun girlfriend and a wonderful dog. guess i'll stay single.
This is like a month old... why it take this long to post?
What type of dog is that?

We rescued one that is 100% that exact same dog, but have no clue wtf he is.
"Sharon, we cant keep doing this. I think your husband suspects something"
WHO'S THAT WOMAN DANCING WITH MY DOG?!!
Ladybird what are you doing!?!
So your girl is up at 1am and fully dressed? Where did she just get home from?
The gif didnt start at first so I thought it was gonna be someone breaking in and playing with your dog 😂
In before, the original poster posts a TIFU thread, where he jokingly calls his wife and tells her he knows she is cheating on him and the woman admits to ACTUALLY cheating on him ...
This would-be-robber has a very clever way of dealing with pets.
Well there " Mans best friend " and ive lost a best friend  because of a female before ... he can dance better than me also , what a ladys man!!


Sorry for your loss bro , but GREAT catch on the camera :)
Who is the burglar?
I dance with my dog like this!
What happened boo
"yay yay yay, he's finally gone"
This is stupid cute
They all do that lol
Nice tiles.
Youve been replaced.   By a good boi
You’re married to her right? If not, I expect a follow-up post with the proposal
Lol I do this with my dog too and I always wonder what she's thinking. Is it like "This person is crazy!!!" or "OMG I love to dance!" Maybe something in between.
If it were really a stainless steel refrigerator the magnets wouldn't stick to it.
Dogs only want one thing and it’s disgusting.
I saw a longer version of this on the hub. Sudden dark twist leads to some wacky hijinks.
r/dreamydogs r/hothounds r/sexyshihtzu     
r/lustylabradors...


r/confessions
Best case scenario
Why do people have security cams inside their houses? Its all the more weird that you'd use it to spy on family members and or house sitters.
Merry her. If famliy let me!!
Why is doggo dancing with a random stranger in your kitchen? Clearly its trying to defend your home!
Nice 👍 Lls
Still a good boy!!
“Is this lOOOve... that I’m feelin? “🎶
Wasnt this a King of the Hill episode
Take the dogpill
This is how I envision my future happiness. Warms my heart.
Hank hill did it first.
Ladybird, you’re a beautiful dancer
I'm glad this didn't go the way I thought it might have.
So cute!!
The doggo dances better than me.
I think your dog is stealing your girl man
Wait till you see the bedroom footage ...
 [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Aa\_whc5ej8](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Aa_whc5ej8)
Did she break in?
Dam. She cheating on you for the dog.
i do this almost every day w/ my pup = D he's always so confused at first, but then he can't get enough.
cutest thing i’ve seen all day
Yeah, well, it's all fun and games till they mount your leg.
Dirty dancing
70k upvotes in 4 hours
just your normal dancing drunk at 12:45 in the morning on a tuesday night type of thing
Keep her, keep them both... Forever
lol!!! This is the best post I've seen for a while.
Lmao it's midnight
What's the go to to set up cameras in your home?

Anyone recommend any and how to keep it safe?
I wish all burglars were this nice...
bruh, yo girl straight up fuckin that dog
I wish my dog would dance with me. He hates it.
Dude, ouch, that good boy just stole your girl.
I always thought my dog didn’t like sleeping on the bed because he never would. Then the first night my girlfriend stayed over, I couldn’t get my pup off the bed.
If that's the WORST thing you catch your wife doing, count your lucky stars...
Have you ever danced with the doggo in the pale moonlight?
This is the most precious thing I have ever seen.
Hate to say this but, I think your wife is cheating on you with someone wearing a gray sweater
This is the cutest thing haha
You’ve been replaced
wife her immediately
Kept waiting for something cool to happen. Just another god damn dog.
A burglar broke in and danced with your wife.
Awesome
Such a dawg !
Burglars getting brazen.
Reminds me of the King of the Hill episode where they compete in dog dancing
wow ! so nice joking
Looks like that puppers loves to dance
and that's not even his dog.
so fucking cute
aww, she loves your dog just as much as you do! she seems like a great sitter, your dog is in good hands.
don't check the bedroom cam at night.
The dog stole his partner.
Man's best friend my foot
Looks like someone is happy to have the house to themselves.
Your best friend and your girlfriend. Damn.
Looks like they miss you
My little bulldog isn't tall enough to dance with but we do have a daily sing-a-long every morning while I get ready for work. 

She has the cutest little snaggletooth so I like the 'My little buttercup' song from 'The 3 Amigos'.
They dont seem to miss you very much....
Creepy
Labradorable
May 14th?
Awe... my big dog and I dance in the kitchen too. :)
Then Tyrone walks in. Im here to f.....
should have looked an hour earlier. that's her happy dance after the mailman left
that is too cute dogs are amazing nimals that make moments like that worth living. DPGS RULE.
Yor gf is cheating you with your dog :)
Who totally thought another dude was gonna come out from the hallway and smack her ass?
This is the most adorable thing I have ever seen.
You saw your wife dancing with your best friend in the kitchen?
That bitch!
I bet you got one in her room too
Bitches be dancing
So lovely 😊
Dog controls your destiny. Seek out three items of his favor
I wanna know if you know this person
Please don't tell her. Just drop small hints when you get back
Bitches be playing you, son.
Yeah I got a camera for the inside of my house , soothes my anxiety about leaving them alone, my animals. People go crazy with cameras tho , I think one is enough
Lmao
Can't wait till my pup grows tall enough to start dancing with me and my SO
I loved every second of this.
I would marry her
My SO and I love doing this kind of stuff with out dog but have to remind each other not to because it encourages jumping on people so much
Country roadddddssss
Dinner and show
This is so fucking pure oh my god, I'm crying
That moment when you realize the one who gets any action in your house is your dog.
That bitch can move.
This is so cute.
I think your dog is TOTALLY cheating on you.
ayesha curry  punching the air rn
France? They're supposed to be our allies
That bitch
Bitches be trippin
This is beautiful!
Mr. Woof yo girl
So what's the problem? I dance with my dog. He is confused but plays along. Is that a Bosch dishwasher?
 Wow your sister is a looker
I would marry her
“I’ve been walking, after midnight...”
So... a dancing dog/lady burglar duo broke into your apartment?
Do you even have a dog or a woman?
She's a keeper! ❤️

And so is the girl.
She snigle?
plot twist, OP lives alone and doesn't have a dog.
I imagine the song playing is A Night to Remember by Shalamar
If you like this you should look up "heelwork to music," it's basically people dancing with their dogs but dorkier and with costumes.
Pull him out of the costume, he is stealing your girl.
Marry her.... the girls nice too
r/relationshipadvice be like.... 
LAWYER UP... DO NOT CONFRONT
So much for privacy
That dog reminds me of Brian Griffin...that is not a good thing
Can I join??
👏 wow 🤣
Reminds me of MGS4 and Sunny

&#x200B;

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7-nKBRW28Us](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7-nKBRW28Us)
Looks like you’ve been replaced
“Dances with Dogs”  episode on King of the Hill
Also shoutout to anyone downvoting me, apparently having a different opinion than 'yes I want a livestream of my household' is not acceptable.
Metamucil..... good for your guts!
Does she know there's video cameras recording?
Welp, officially, my life sucks.

But this is amazing!  Congratz!!!
I doubt that she knows you can view the room with the help of cameras... I don't know about you but I wouldn't be able to do this if I'm not sure I'm alone with my doggo.
Somebody’s a creeper.
That's one big rat dancing with the dog when the cat is away
Sweet doggy
Kind of weird that you have cameras watching your gf.
This is probably exactly what I would expect of my SO.

And her of me.
❤️
Who the kind of creep to put cameras in his house, is this common in the US?
That is happiness right there
So you caught her cheating with the dog. Bitch
It's super weird and creepy you have cameras around your house.
I was waiting for the peanut butter.
Is the person aware of the camera?
Lol feel dumb for thinking she cheating? Lol jk
Your on a Business trip and you see your girl doing this in front of a camera, WYD?
My little kittens in the future
Your dog officially stole your girl....
SHES A KEEPER
This would be a much happier video if I wasn't recently made aware of the Dogpill.
That dog knows how to dance.
Well, at least she wasn’t blowing your neighbor
You're single with a dog?
Stop I'm going to cry
So... Does no one else dance with their dog? My dog and I dance all the time and he gets so happy he starts zoomin around the place. I call him my zoom zoom.
Bitch done stole your bitch, bitch.
Getting cheated on by your dog... Gg dude
I want the cheaters camera crew to bust in
Cute af but I’m way too paranoid to have cameras in my house that upload video feed to a cloud.
What do we think they're listening too? Bah duh baah duh I LOVE YOU BABY and IF IT'S QUITE ALRIGHT. . .
You have a blessed life and I'm very happy for you. Please cherish every moment.
Lol so this why dogs are always so eager to start dancing!
Wonder what they are listening to?🧐
Looks like you have a great family there, that's awesome keep doing whatever you're doing.
Wow. What a good boy
