she is so visibly happy at the end, i'm touched.
Before I watched the video I thought “there’s gonna be some damn broken hips”. Oh, this looks pretty safe. Cool.
This nearly made me cry. What a beautiful gift to give someone in their twilight years. Sometimes we forget these older people used to dance, and laugh, and scream and ride rollercoasters (or the equivalent) and jump. Maybe they went skiing as a child. Maybe they used to slide down slides at the park with great speeds. You shouldn't have to give up joy just because your flesh has weakened and your bones are brittle. Thank you for posting this, and although they'll probably never see it, thank you to the people who did this.
A demonstration of no one is ever too old for a good time.  Keep smiling grandma!
This does make me smile
I'm so glad this didn't end up as a /r/yesyesyesno video
We ran into some financial troubles with my daughter's medical condition a few years ago and had to move in with our in laws.  They had a huge backyard that had a nice little slope that went a good 25 yards.   When I was a lurker on Reddit, I ran across a post on how to make a slip and slide.  We scrounged a few bucks together, got the materials and put it together.  We were the most popular house in the neighborhood for a few weeks, which was pretty cool since my daughter's medical condition didn't allow her to participate in most kid activities.  Thanks Reddit. 




Edit:  An extra shout out to the in laws who not only let us live with them but paid for the water and let us kill the grass for most of the summer just to make the kids happy.
Where is this place?
This is so sweet
This should go under r/HumansBeingBros
My mom works as an STNA at a mostly full care facility and she loves her residents so much and they love her so much that when she got remarried she made it so her reception was at her care facility so the residents could join and watch and be involved. There are some grand people involved and man I'm so glad to know one, but also be related to one!
I wonder if I will get to live life like this once I’m old.
This is awesome. A lot of elderly people in those homes really get lonely :/ it’s sad when you talk with them and hear about how their kids don’t visit as much anymore, how they can’t go to their favorite places anymore, and how they really wish they weren’t there but were at their own home instead. You can hear how hurt they are in their voices. Stuff like this at least makes me hope there’s people out there trying to make the elderly at the living facilities happy.
The look of pure joy on her face afterwards cured my depression.
Love the gait belt
My inner child thinks this is awesome. My inner adult thinks: This is an insurance and liability nightmare.
My grandmother has been feeling very ill for a few days. She is nauseating, having blackouts, fever, weakness and is not able to move around much. Very sudden as she was in good health before, walking upright just fine. We showed this to her and she laughed. Barely able to speak, and laughed. Thank you so much. I cried watching and also cried when my grandmother saw this. I cannot thank you enough. Thank you again and may God bless you with good health, happiness and a long life.
Insurance company finds out and shuts that down pronto.
This is how the elderly should be treated.  Stop treating them like they're already dead.  They want to have fun too!  Let them live while they still can.
This is dope. I used to work in a nursing home and I wish we could have done more fun stuff like this. We were so understaffed and had so many late stage Alzheimer's patients that all we could really do is meet basic needs and not do any fun things.
I work at a facility like this and we have casino night once a month with blackjack tables and liquor for those whose diets allow them to drink lol it gets pretty wild
[removed]
Theses old folks are soft - see link for some bad ass geriatric fun

[https://www.reddit.com/r/Wellthatsucks/comments/bwvuxb/this\_isnt\_right\_but\_i\_was\_laughing\_so\_hard/](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wellthatsucks/comments/bwvuxb/this_isnt_right_but_i_was_laughing_so_hard/)
Oops! watch out grandma
You’d be amazed at the stuff that these little old people love doing for fun. I had a couple of them sword fighting with pool noodles the other day in the locked unit sitting room.
She looks terrified. Lol
I like how they still have the gait belt on her. Safety first kids
I work at an assisted living facility and it is now my ultimate mission to make this happen!
“Sunny Acres Assisted Living, how may I direct your call?”

“This is your insurance carrier, can I speak with the activities director please?”
This is incredibly sweet and wholesome. But ugh, I hate when people talk to the elderly like they’re children, with the baby talk. So annoying.
It took at least four giving people to make a memorable experience for one person. It's heartening to see the generosity of these people giving their time and effort to members of a populace which is often neglected!
I love the activities coordinator.A+!
Well, this had cheered me right the fuck up!
Her laughing at the end! 🤗
This warms my heart!  

Why do we have to stop playing physical games just for fun when we get older?   We don't.
OMG this made my day :)
I wonder how many forms they made her sign before allowing her on that thing.
These people do NOT get paid or respected nearly enough.
I work with a lot of adult care facilities and it's a real hit or miss. some facilities go way above and beyond like this while others do the bare minimum. There are laws to make sure the residents keep their dignity and state surveyors are sent in regularly to evaluate the level of care. I remember one state survey they watched a patient in a memory care assisted living facility who was in a public area drooling and they timed how long until someone cleaned them up. it was over 30 minutes and I believe something like 5 staff members walked past him before someone cleaned him up. Dont get me wrong though, in most cases where the facilities do the bare minimum it's not because they dont care, it's because they are so short staffed. it takes a very special kind of person to work at a place like this so they usually have a high turn over rate. So to finish this comment off with a PSA, if you have ever wanted to get into the medical field, you like helping people, and want a rewarding career, adult care facilities are always looking for nurses and med techs, plus med techs are usually an entry level position.
I work at a nursing home/assisted living facility and it's so freaking sad to see how many residents don't have family or even a friend that come to visit them. Nice to see a smile that big!
I recently started working in a place that does stuff like this a lot. We have corn hole tournaments, board game competitions, movie nights, writing clubs, a weekly ice cream cart, a gym, a hair salon, and a for the more independent residents a full bar and full service dining. 
You can really see the difference it makes to be able to keep your dignity in your old age as you need more help with your basic needs. 
A large portion of the elderly have really put in a lot of work in through the generations and deserve to have some effort put back into them.
I wonder what kind of dreams she has tonight!?
how do I donate to this? 

I need fkin bitcoin donations. this is fkin annoying. I WANT TO GIVE MONEY. LET ME!!! im happy. let me give to give causes. we need the future faster.
This reminds me of when I was working as a recreational therapist at a veterans home, we had a hot summer day where a Boy Scout troop brought dozens of water guns. I’ll never forget the day I had to set ground rules for 40 veterans and teenage boys for an epic water fight.
I've only ever commented on something once or twice before on reddit, but this absolutely made me smile for the first time today, like actually happy smile. I've had a terrible day and this is what I like to see just before heading to bed
Unnecessarily dangerous? Yup.

Irresponsible? Likely.

But it also made me at least as happy as it did the resident.
People talking to the elderly as if they're babies makes me irrationally upset.
Her reaction at the end is just the best.
I love this!
I love this!!!! Yesss!!!!
This is awesome!
This is everything!!!!  I love this so much!  Can you please share to r/nurse??
My heart just exploded with happiness!
The place my grandpa stayed at had bike rides where they would sit in the back on a seat and someone would peddle. He wasn't one to show a lot of emotion or excitement but the picture of him on it makes you smile. You can tell he was enjoying it. Some places are great at this kind of stuff
The joy on her face at the end was well worth hopping on Reddit today. Seeing someone so truly happy is beautiful!
The smile on her face😍
Love this. Bet you she saved a lot to get there. Deff not your run of the mill elder care facility
Did anyone else immediately think about Patch Adams and the noodle pool?
Absolutely fabulous, the look on the lady’s face says everything.
Man, the joy on her face was great.
That's just so wonderful, you can see her joy!
This is a Trilogy Health Services facility. I work for one of their buildings and they have great activities and interactive tasks for their residents. Great place!
This is really great to see. I work at a place that has a skilled nursing facility and there’s only two things our activities director does, pop popcorn and spin the bingo ball cage.
If peeing your pants is cool, consider me Miles Davis."1
Ok, I’m crying.
I used to work in a few care homes as a cook and in one, even though the people living there paid a fortune, they didn’t really have much going on, it broke my heart to see a group of elderly people sat in front of a Tv playing menial games now and then and occasionally getting a trip out or visiting entertainments.

One lady adored dogs, they’d change her mood in an instant, so I bought her a book with pictures of different breeds in it from a well known dog related twitter account (don’t want to potentially get in trouble for naming them outright!) and I don’t think I’ve ever seen someone so happy from such a small gift, she’d walk around the home and the surrounding gardens telling whoever would listen everything she knew about the breed in each picture, it was wonderful.

This video shows exactly the same joy in the face of that lady and it makes me so happy, thanks OP!
Everything about this is awesome
This just warms my heart. Thank you Reddit
I've worked in this industry my entire life. It has some bad stigmas, but like with any profession, it's all about the employees. I'm touched by this video. Thank you for sharing, OP.
Old people got feelings too. Glad their giving them some fun
I hope my grandma is with good people like this :/
She must have been a dare devil back in the day 😂
This makes me happy. The world is a better place with people that care like that.
This just shows how precious every small thrill you feel is. It’s clear on her face that it’s been a longtime since she’s experienced something like that.
That is a purely awesome thing to do.
Give them sunglasses and you can make fast and furious old people slide edition
Can we make this the new normal please? I hate that so many of our end-of-life care facilities are basically glorified prison hospitals.
Unfortunately I had to do some community service appointed by the court. I chose an assisted living facility...I heard so many great stories while I was fixing something in their room...I even installed a flat screen for a resident...shhhh don't tell anyone...it was just sitting in the maintenance room and nobody said anything...it was a humbling experience...
I would love to find an assisted living home where the resident staff gave a damn and didn’t cost upwards of $3000 a month for a room. This is beautiful.
That’s above and beyond, so many times we get so wrapped up in our jobs we forget that the ones we’re taking care of are in fact people too, I love seeing this
Hey mum, what did you do today?
Slip N slide. It was marvelous fun

........Wut?
The is the best worst idea ever
Residents can piss their pants freely on this one.
I like to think of most old people like this

Adult: Dad that is way to fast for you, I don't think it's a good idea

Elder: Son, I am 75, I really don't care if I break a hip I'm going on the slip'n'slide
Woah Nelly!
I hope that was a look of delight.
My fiance's mom's had beer bong last 4th of july
Every year at Halloween I bring my kids by the assisted living home near us.  There is a circle of 50 old people at least and it seems to grow every year.  The kids love it for gettig 50 houses of candy in one stop and its a genuinely fun time for everyone.
Nope...I'm crying...I'm a tough guy! *stooopid alergies*
Had to make sure I wasn’t on r/yesyesyesno before I watched
It's a Trilogy facility. We do stuff like this all the time.
That is AWESOME!!!
Omg, I love this so much! Wish I could do this with the people I take care of!
I can’t like this enough. Gotta take care of your elderly.
While this is super wholesome I can’t help but think it’s still so risky. Even a misstep getting up and they can break a hip which cuts their lifespan down substantially. But it’s probably still worth the smiles!
Omg, I used to work at a place like this. This is such an amazing idea. Makes me so happy to see!
Omg this is beautiful. I want more of these videos!!
Renewed faith in humanity.
A slip and slide for people in wheelchairs would be pretty rad
I'm of two minds. 

As a human, I love this.  

As a person who works in nursing/long - term - care/hospice... all I see is the potential pages of incident reports.
Fuck. I really don’t want to get old.
our seniors need more of this
. Never too old to play. 

Good on the staff.
This is exactly what I needed to see today after having my car broken into yesterday. This helps restore faith in humanity. Thanks for the share!
This is great. Although it could turn to shit pretty quickly. Literally.
Shoutout to the guy running on the mat that somehow didn’t slip
I dont want to be old like this with people talking to me like im a child. 'wow that was fast!'
This is beautiful,there is hope for all people,when we choose to help others,a little compassion goes a long way!
I actually choked up.
I reeeeeallly thought this was r/WhatCouldGoWrong
Omg! Seeing happiness brought me to tears! So happy to see the goodness in the world.
This is so wholesome just because people get old doesnt mean they still dont want to have fun and the time and effort the staff put in is well done
That's the cutest shit
Pure joy! Love it!
The wholesome content that I want to see 💗
The first step in the process of rebirth
This is awesome
In tears
Gold
This is awesome but I almost thought she was crying at the end haha
This makes my heart happy
It is Wonderful to see the smile on the faces of people ,complete this work the great work  ,best wishes.
This is when you know humans can evolve into passive beings
Wholesome :,)
I was in a car accident and I suppose it isn't surprising I had to stay at a nursing home for a few weeks.  Something like this will be remembered by them for a long time.  A lot of negative happens everyday in nursing homes.
This made me light up inside
The smile at the end is priceless
Finally some good freaking news!
With that title I had to verify the sub before I clicked on it.
This brought tears of joy to my eyes!! I sincerely hope that if I ever am in this situation that such caring folks will help make stuff like this happen!! So awesome!
This made me smile after a rough week.
It takes so little to bring happiness to the most vulnerable and lonely people. Such good care!!
The corporate lawyers would like you to review the Liability packet again Michael.
I currently work for this company, Trilogy HCS, and can vouch for how much pride we put in the caring for the residents of our facilities. I'm one of the directors of food services for one of the campuses in KY and we all go all out to give the people here great meals three times a day. Everyone in the company goes above and beyond every day to make sure it never feels like these people are in a nursing home.
This is why I love reddit
This is awesome. So many elders waste away in facilities. A nursing home one town over did a fishing trip day to a pond on their property. The clients loved it so much. Just because you're old doesn't mean you've stopped living.
This sounds like a terrible idea until you see the gif.
These are good people.
This happened by my house in Ohio!
I worked at an assisted living /hospice center and the amount of joy they get out of just small talk is amazing but also kind of sad. Many seniors don’t have visitors and a lot suffer from depression or even crippling disease. It’s so restrictive. Seeing videos like this warms my heart especially when everyone seems so happy and enjoying life together.
I think heaven has opened the gates for a few more people.
As a CNA, I feel bad for the CNAs who were probably not invited, or were busy in the facility working while this was going on. All we are there for is to provide care, but we are almost never allowed to participate in actually living life with our residents, it’s usually the physical therapy or activity staff that get to run and participate in these sort of activities
We need more people like this in our world, this is truly amazing.
I love how this sub is now spanning out to other things that are cute
Such a cute idea!  My husband works in “life enrichment” (basically he schedules and runs activities for a nursing home).  Things like exercise, music time, making snacks, crafts, and even fishing trips are common.  It’s so important to stay engaged at that age.
Can you upvote twice?
I sure hope when I'm that age I'm still having a good time. Kudos to the staff!
That made me really nervous at first, because it looked to me like they were going down a steep hill (I'm not wearing my glasses lol)... but when I saw the straps, and most importantly, her smile at the end, I was ok. 

What an emotional rollercoaster.
People think the old just mooch off society. It's not like they want to be living somewhere, out of sight and out of mind, slowly fading away
Somewhere else there is a giant tub of noodles and some senior woman is living her dream swimming in them.
Perfect way to have a heart attack
If I was a staff member at a senior's living facility I'd do some pretty gnarly shit with the old folks
This is one of the best things I e ever seen! 😀
I love that they keep the elderly in their care young at heart 😁💙💙💙
There’s few things on reddit that I have legitimately loved, but this is one of them. Saved!
I love whomever thought of this.
God bless those kind hearts bringing joy!!!!
My mom would have loved this. Hats off to this staff
I panicked and had to check what sub I was in.  Worried it was r/holdmyfeedingtube... Her smile at the end is pure joy!
And my eyes are watering
The best people.
This is so amazing!
This is going to Daily Dose of Internet. bet.
💡
They should make a theme park for seniors! Kinda like this. Upvote if u agree
She's 8 years old again! I used do fun things with my Grandmother in her later years. She really loved going fast in her wheel chair. If I live to be old enough I hope I find people willing to give me such enjoyable fun again.
I'm not crying out of awwness .... 

You're crying :)
When I'm old I want to move in here. Just because your elderly doesn't mean you don't want adventure and fun!
I like that. I enjoy seeing people try something outrageously silly. I never did a slip&slide. Never saw one before now. I like the way that small woman laughed.
I don't know why this just makes me so happy.
That's my mom's grandmother's friend's best friend!
That was awesome. Put a smile on me face 😁
I love this. We need more staff with hearts like these.
I'm working with elders who have dementia. This is the greatest thing ever.
Aw her face :)
Anyone have an external link so I can share this with people outside of fucking reddit? Vreddit is such a pain in the ass.
I like how towards the end it looks like she says “whoo.”
That's great :)
Extremely touching!
EPIC! Safety Goggles on.
This is beautiful and so touching. :)
Love this! Here's hoping I can afford to live in a place that will do awesome stuff like this in my twilight years!
Truly heartwarming.
This would not have been easy, not to mention probably all sorts of insurance red tape, but they did it anyway. These are some great staff, just looking to brighten their resident’s day.
I think it's awesome. We may be getting older and the memory not as sharp but you never forget how to have fun😊
Wish I could upvote this a million times
Holy duck. This is actually so sweet and amazing that they did this. To see a genuine happy smile from an older person who prob don't have many visitors lets them know they are still loved an cherished by the workers at the facility.
Look at her. She is so happy and she is having a lot of fun. She is a winner. :)
My heart can’t take this. She looks so happy.
Damn that really made me smile
Love these good people.
r/mademesmile
Her face at the end melted my heart awwwwwwwwn
This is what we should strive for in end of life care
See how strapped up she is? That's called fall risk prevention lol
This is in my town and it makes me so happy. :)
Omg this is the most amazing thing I’ve ever seen!!!
If only shitty management would give their staff the time to do this... but no, 2.27 minutes to make up the bed, 3,28 (no, not 3.29) to do the dishes,  or reported for "wasting" time.
I love this!!!!  So sweet
The world needs more care givers like this.
# This is so awesome!  Totally made my day!
That’s just gorgeous
when you run out of weal chairs and need to transport the old people
This is the type of thing we should treat the elderly to, instead of just letting them sit there experience nothing. Not too long ago my 95+ year old grandmother, in a moment of relative clarity, uttered "I want to live over again". She probably wasn't thinking of a slip 'n slide, but surely, it wouldn't be wrong.
The only ride out residents go on is the Hoyer Lift.
Nothing is better than putting a smile on someone's face. Especially anyone (no matter what age) that hasn't smiled in a while
Look, Phyllis, if you can behave and not try to kick us while calling us racial slurs while trying to “catch the bus” at 2am, we’ll use the Posey belt on the inflatable duck instead of your bed.
I saw the title and went "omg! the hips!" but this was surprising nice :3
And that's how nana broke her other hip...
Best thing I’ve seen today!!
I hate when people talk to seniors like they are little kids.
As an ambulance driver. This bothers me. 

Most places treat patients like shit. 

Also

Risk for injury sky rockets
The thought of potential legal consequences in the case that someone is hurt make my head spin.
“Was that fun, Agnes?!”

“I... think I wet my pants?”
This must be their trick for the constipated residents!
I work in a nursing home and activities are so so so important! It is so great to see how excited they get to go do even the little things! We had a book shop once and everyone on the unit went!
This is my town!!! My great aunt is one of the residents. She’s a semi-nonverbal autistic woman in her 50’s and I’ve never ever seen her so happy.
I wonder how many were willing to try it
Way more fun than falling down the stairs with diarrhea
Man that's some weak shit. I wanna see this on some fuckin extreme hill, we're talkin an AT LEAST 70° slope, 500ft of slip-n-slide, doused in water and maybe even some butter to make that boy e x t r a slick. I'm tryna see which of these grannies are rad as fuck, pullin off some sick kick flips while downing a can of monster jammin out to powermetal. What a disappointment.
One broken hip and you'll all be sued
At the end of the video when the person exclaimed, "Wow, Millie, that was fast!"... it had almost a patronizing tone. Like, that is exactly how I would talk to my 6 year old daughter, but not my 60 year old mother. 

&#x200B;

At some point, do people reach such an age where we begin to talk to and treat them like children? It is like you start out needing to be cared for and you end up needing to be cared for... and the whole time, the people doing the care-taking treat you like children.

&#x200B;

Just an observation. I don't want to get old.
Gotta free up some beds
Their insurance company must have loved this.
Is it just me or does it seem like this could go VERY wrong VERY fast
It's all fun and games till granny loses her dentures.
What could go wrong?
Props to the guy holding on the back of the inflatable. I’d definitely slip and fall and ruin everything if I was running on that wet plastic slide.
Hey this is my hometown!
I want live there now!
Wow. I wanna slide too :P
I know nothing I see on reddit will make me happier today.
That's some good shit right there.
This is fuxking awesome! I needed to see this.
This does put a smile on my face
wow great
Awww I love old people more than I love puppies.
THIS is AWESOME!!!! Look at her cute expression! LOVE THIS!
That made me smile. 

Oh. Lovely human like things you could never have on the east coast.
Sendin my mom there...she’d love it when she gets to that stage...
Awe, how wonderful!
I just wanted to watch berjerac.
“It was the most erotic moment of my life.”
We should put things like this together at our local home.
I’ve always wanted to take a bath in a pool of noodles
I love this!
M!
I can close Reddit now.... It doesn't get any better than this.
That's so sweet, I feel like I only hear horror stories when retirement homes are mentioned in the media.
Wait, is her name actually nelly?
Brilliant!
That's amazing. And that smile. Best time she had in a long time.
This makes my day a hell of a lot brighter
I thought this was Ross and his grandma 👵🏻 for a sec
She looks so happy!
Not enough w’s in the name of this sub! It should be awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
This is really touching.
[ Everyone liked that ]
She looked shit scared
Slip, Slide, and break your hip.
Wow, so South Park was right, old people do get treated like children.
This is so heartwarming.  This is the sort of care you'd want for your family member if they needed to live in a place like this.
Patch Adams style
This is way better than punching them in the face! That’s my perception of assisted living facilities.
Zoom
How nice
Omg, I love this so much! ♥️
Her laugh at the end is touching.
Where are the bloopers?
That is Brilliant.
It’s all fun and games until someone shits themselves...
Hell yay... can slip and slide with out the broken hip, I’m in. Loved it.
this makes me so happy!!!
This is the sweetest
She looks exactly like my great grandmother that passed last year.
Beautiful
Angels on earth.
Next up, have them chase a cheese wheel down a hill
She looks exactly like my grandmother. I'm leaking from my face now. Rip Dorothy.
I love this
Her multiple woo’s were so joyful!
Omg!!!!!! So fun. Bless these people
Awwwwww that's just SO sweet and heartwarming! 🤗
Keep the slips on the slide, not on the tile floor
Sally slides!
This is the most pure thing I’ve seen in a long time. 😭
That joy, tho!
One last slide.
All fun and games til someone shits all over it. :(
This is amazing!
holy shit did she survive?
damn ima cry. too cute
Oh my goodness!!! My aunt would have loved that!
Reeeee
That was on camera, off camera im sure its a different ride.
I was worried at first but glad to see much more sliding than slipping
What a great idea!! Gate belt and all!
This is so cute. Hope they all get to have some fun on this Slip N' Slide without any injuries - that would be bad for everyone. Go granny and the living facility people!
Man it sucks to grow old at the end cycle of life.
Why is she wearing Sucks tho?
Red flag for liability with higher chance of accident and “heart” trouble for most of them.
Reminds me of what Kevin’s sisters used to do to him.
So many broken hips.
Broken-hip-n-slide
Sliding into the grave has never been easier
hip replacement in 3, 2, 1
Great way to kill them.  Sign me up when I'm there.  That's a good way to go out.
r/humansbeingbros
This is great. I loved when they would bring in small children to sing or dance and interact with the residents.  It provides two things. One it lifts the spirt of the elderly and sparks life. And two makes the elderly less scary. I mean the wheel chairs and oxygen tanks can be scary.
This is super sweet! I love that they could do this!
Wonder where this is?
Full send
Heart attacks for everyone!!
This *DOES* put a smile on my face.
This is so adorable! I wish it were more common to see staff at an assisted living facility going above and beyond for their residents. This kind of stuff puts a little faith back in humanity.
/r/humansbeingbros
That brought a tear to my eye....Thanks!
 I watched this without sound and assumed she was screaming in pain at the end
The Señor Lodenstein technique
How didn’t the guy holding on at the back slip over? The grippiest shoes of all time
I would love to do this for the residents at my job, the activities in a lot of nursing homes are just not good enough
Hope that guy running on the slip and slide doesn't slip and fall on top of one of those brittle boned geriatrics.
Ahh yesss the good stuff... Bless them.
This makes me so ridiculously happy and makes the world seem a lot less dark.
This could not be more cute!
this looks so much fun! my nanna would've loved this a lot haha
Lord help me, whenever i see older people having this much fun it can’t help but smile way to much.
Oh goodness, this is so wholesome!
She looks a little petrified at first but ounce down all smiles and giggles. 
What fun! Good job to the ppl who organized this!
I watched it without sound the first time and wasn't really sure if she was having a lot of fun or being tortured... Glad to hear it's the former ;)
She loves it the first time she does it. Every time...
That excited smile at the end killed me, so happy for this lady
Im trully toched, she felt young for few moments. From those vids you understand that people can feel happiness and adrenaline at any age.
Is this in London Ontario?
I knew sorting by controversial wouldn't let me down.
Trying to clear out some rooms with a few heart attacks huh
As an activity director at a skilled nursing facility, this makes me so unbelievably happy
that's heartwarming
This makes my heart happy!
This is so cute! I volunteer for a hospice company and they deserve happiness like this
My heart!!!
ah, my eyes are moistened now
Granny's coming in hot!
Good on them! If we tried that here we'd be laughed out the office
Gran Turismo
r/adorableoldpeople
What a great idea!!
I was wondering how to do this while being safe and still fun.

They nailed it.

Some great staff here.
Sweet little lady
Looks like that’s the most fun she had in a while. I’m 33 and remember playing on one of those 30 years ago. Weird how it can be fun when I’m 3 possibly fun when I’m 88 but no way I’m doing that anytime soon.
Mista Mista,  GET ME OUTTA HEYAA
Check out Standupmaths on YouTube. Turns out math commedy is a thing. I hated the subject in school, but some of the abstract concepts can be beautiful.
I’m not crying, you’re crying.
She looked terrified at first.
Persona!
So awesome!
❤️ the purest and happiest smile I’ve seen for awhile!
This is really nice and all, but I really hope I dont live to be that damn old
She's gonna feel that one tomorrow
It’s so nice to see that there is still some good in this world
I love it!
Fantastic!!!
That’s so funny and uplifting. Looks like fun too!
Holy shit this made me tear up.
Man, there needs to be more people like this in the world
It’s all fun and games until somebody falls and can’t get up.
OK that's super Awww.
This is amazing and really heartwarming. However, all I can see is a lawsuit waiting to happen.
This is wholesome as fuck and I love it
This made my day! Thankful the employees are putting smiles on their faces!
Gait belt on...safety first.
What a weird cat.
“Git on this ducky floaty now before I make you play bingo again!”
Why do all old people look alike
I wouldn’t be surprised if the staff who created this were Certified Therapeutic Recreation Specialists! We’re all about having fun regardless of age
I work at a nursing home as a dietary and I know some of my residents would love this! Also the lady looks so happy and I bet feeling youthful!
That’s that shit I do like.
This is the best thing I have EVER WITNESSED!!!
Now this looks like good times
Holy shit you did this at the one I used to work at you'd get.screamed at for wasting funds
This made me cry
Jesus Christ the god didn't load so I thought they were just sending granny Carol down a slip n slide
By the time 80s babies hit their retirement, our activities will be playstation 14 and vr gaming.
That was beautiful to watch and lifted my heart which tbh I needed to see love for the older generations still exists in the world especially as there is a lot of hate for the old in the uk at the moment because remainers think the old took away their future by voting to leave a little trading political group called the eu
I thought I was in r/adorableoldpeople

Still works well
Y’all seen Patch Adams? Y’all should see Patch Adams.
"Insurance companies hate this one trick.."
When I think of assisted living, I always think of that scene with Ben Stiller from Happy Gilmore
This mans has 1,000,000 karma what the
Amazing
This is so heartwarming to see! I keep trying to picture my grandma in this and it makes me sad because she's so bitter and doesn't trust anyone, she can't enjoy life like this anymore :/
That’s pure joy!
\*eyes water\* the onion cutting ninjas are back at their old tricks
That smile says it all. Awesome to see the staff truly care.
I really appreciate the secureness of the slide
u/vredditdownloader
Oml thats great
I had to check if I was on the WhatCouldGoWrong sub
I think this is so fun, sweet and beautiful. Good going guys. 😘
waaaay too much liability
This is wonderful!
Ahh reminds of the time I used to volunteer to an assisted living facility when I was a teen. I was part of the activities team and would take them out for strolls on the site, board games, and would play piano songs for them during their lunches. It was so calming to make them smile.
This reminds me of Patch and the swimming pool full of spagetti.  


https://youtu.be/t5RN8cYKCJ4
Way better then the 71 year old lady that was rescued by the helicopter....
I hope she didn’t piss herself.
Best ride of her life.
More of this please!
r/humansbeingbros
More like a “Slip-n-poop”
So much fun!!
This Made me smile so much!
This warms my heart ❤️
r/photoshopbattles
For the briefest moment you can see the child she used to be
This is fake. There's no proper end where you slide into a wall and injure yourself.
Just getting some practice in for Coopers Hill.
My heart 😩 this is brilliant
That is just so awesome!
This reminds me of patch Adams and that makes me happy and sad
Man that’s smile in the end it’s just worth it
Aw😍❤️😂
If only my Nan were looked after like this in her last months. These people deserve nothing less.
Not all heroes wear capes!
I love awesome people.
Where’s the ramp at the end?
Someone give this lady a waiver
Awww (:
“Wooooph! Heavens to Betsy. Thank goodness that is over.”
Never seen anyone go down a slip’n’slide in a sweater.
I think Great Aunt Ethel pissed herself.
This is so wholesome
This made me tear up.
Smiled hard
That’s cool. When my grandma was in an assisted living facility they didn’t notice that her leg was broken for two weeks and kept forgetting to give her water.
I broke my ankle on a slip and slide yesterday. This is how I’m going down from now on
Reminds me of the Patch Adams [pool of noodles scene](https://youtube.com/watch?v=t5RN8cYKCJ4).
The smile on her face is the best. Well done!
r/wholesome
This is so beautiful!
And I’m afraid to die sometimes.....
r/Humansbeingbros
You're in my world now grandma
Where is this?! When I need an assisted living home, I want it to be this one! :)
I work for a community like this- full continuum of care 180 beds. You want to have a purpose in life? Work for one of these. I can’t tell you the joy it brings to meet and socialize with these people. It is incredible.
Let her go herself its suislide
OMG the look on her face was both joy and terror.
God, you just gotta be so CAREFUL with old people
The look of pure joy on her face is too much. My eyeballs are sweating just a little bit.
 I hope at least a few had a heart attack so they at least went out happy
That's a great facility.
I work in a place like this, sometimes we take our residents out to places like pools.
I feel like .. maybe they are trying to give them heart attacks
And that's how nanna broke her hip.
That's awwwwwwesome
Why would anyone want to be that old. I really don't see the point.
We were all children once =)
Terrified in the beginning, happy in the end. Sums up my every experience going down a slide.
I see youre gettin em ready for the zipline
Made me smile!
I bet this place is very very expensive
I just love how little is needed for happiness. Also, has anyone noticed how old people are just like lvl. 76 5 year olds?
im cri. this is too precious
Calling /r/combinedgifs
This made me really happy :)
Well that's one way to cut down operating costs.
Omg I love this
Unpopular opinion.  I hate how people treat the elderly like toddlers.
I honestly don't know whether to laugh or cry. That is really something.
Muda
Did anyone else click on this going OH MY GOD THEIR HIPS! THEIR HIPS!!
i read the title as “assisted suicide” and i was like what the fuck
[deleted]
"Again! Again!! Someone is getting $50 on their birthday for this!!"
Yep these kind of people are who we need leading/running the world. Not billionaire old men.
I’m not crying, YOU are crying!!!
Technical term for it is “skid-n-sue”.
Thought granny was gunna hit the grass and flip, not going to lie.

This is so cute!
This is heartwarming until you realize how much a single avoidable rehospitalization from these facilities costs everybody else...
I tried to reply a few minutes ago in Gmail. I wrote along Paragraph. Reddit said I had to log in first. This meant I had to discard or edit. They don't allow me to save for later. I couldn't log in in Gmail. I shut the phone off. And Reddit deleted my response. I don't know why they have this bad rule of making someone write a reply And THEN SAY TO LOG IN. IT'S counterproductive. I made a mistake in my reply to you. I said it better in Gmail, but Reddit deleted it. I'm furious with both me and with Reddit. How can they have such a ridiculous rule?
Ive shat me self,
[deleted]
CUTE!
Is that good for her heart
Instead of this bs they should give them DMT.
Slip and slide right into the back of an ambulance.
Would have hated to be the person doing that risk assessment.
Rcd
oh my hip
Its all fun and games till someone has a heart attack
Can someone edit this with her getting yeeted off in to the sunset?
it’s all fun till someone breaks a hip
The slip& slide to Heaven
WCGR. Hips flying
Slip and break a hip, am I right?
We made one for my grandma with the lame floatey. Ah the good old Hip and Slide.
Ok! Who wants to ride the bone shredd....um the slip and slide?
Usually they have the slip and break a hip. This is much better.
It’s all fun and games till’ someone breaks a hip!
“Try our new cardiac-arrest-and-slide!”
seems dangerous
I don't think you want those folks to be slipping
Lawsuit waiting to happen..
old folks on a slip and slide?

What could possibly go wrong?
And then someone gets hurt and sues them for everything.
Just terrific ...
hi
I would of looked up and said  leave the water on, imma take a nap *laying face down in the water*
Nothing,
Then proceeds to charge Medicaid $340,000 per trip while Medicaid drains their estate of assets...
[deleted]
Hohoho that's an extremely well managed WCGW situation there!
Awesome.  Did it look as awesome through your phone or were you too worried and watched it after?
What if she's really screaming in pain there lmao?
Holy fuck I will do anything to avoid winding up like that.
[removed]
[removed]
It’s a spectacularly bad idea. They’d never go and ask to do this, so it’s like an experiment on them. Residents of assisted living facilities have the right to get out and enjoy the community and activities and are in that process exposed to risks like anyone. This isn’t that. You could do any stupid stunt with them and if they survived it call it cute.
Careful, she might get a heart attack
All fun and games until she breaks her hip
This has broken hip written all over it.
All fun and games until one falls off or fractures a hip and the facility is sued.
[removed]
We tried the same thing out back of our farmhouse and our meemaw (god rest her soul😭😭😭😭) flew off the damn wheelchair and died. This is very dangerous for seniors and may cause cancer!!!! (Cancer is very dangerous and cannot be cured by essential oils) and it's very scary to see professionals doing this!!!!
Lawsuit just waiting to happen, get Morgan and Morgan on it.
If they get hurt, their insurance is going to cover that. 

I’m a commercial underwriter. This is irresponsible and someone could get injured.
This is a lawsuit waiting to happen. I hope the management secured waivers from the people who participated
