That is so darling... what a beautiful doggy 💕I hope it’s life is not that hard :,(
Well that's beautiful.
That dog must have developed an incredible sense of smell. How do you go about interacting with him?
Its such a simple moment but probably means the world to him.
So, what’s a day in the life of your dog like? How does he get around? What challenges does it present to you?
How old is he?
I desperately wish Dwayne Johnson was your neighbor.

^SoHeCouldSmellWhatTheRockIsCooking
I always feel bad seeing double merles, they really shouldn’t be bred. He seems to be a very happy boy with a good life though!
Here’s another deaf blind dog...

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=joLRop_EOPY
If you need him to come to you do you just stomp on the ground or something? My neighbor says she does that on her wood floor and her dog comes. He's also blind and deaf.
My senior dog went completely blind in December, it was difficult for the first two weeks, but she adjusted so quickly! It really is amazing how adaptable dogs are to losing major senses. Just goes to show how incredible their noses really are.
So, I'm not trying to ask a dumb question but if, say, you wanted to move the couch, is there some sort of procedure to get him used to changes so he won't bump into it?
Helen Smeller
The little things do count!  Beautiful boy...
Do they ever invite him to eat with them?
[Everyone liked that]
1) he’s an absolute baby, you’re very lucky.

2) I’ve been looking at getting a blind or blind/deaf dog for a while now. Any recommendations on training materials that work better in your experience than others? If they’re just blind I can work with hearing but if they’re both I’ve kind of been at a loss.
Is he a double merle Aussie? He's adorable btw, he lays there with dangling paws like a prince.
I love him
why not grill something yourself, you monster?
Smellovision!
I bet he sure plays a mean pinball.
My neighbors used to leave their backdoor open for their blind and deaf dog as well. 


He went missing and was never found.  

Glad you used a screen !
Just adding to the tons of other lovely comments here, but thank you for taking such good care of this little guy! It's easy to tell how loved and cared for he is and that he knows it. I have four dogs and they are my world. People think I'm crazy when I have the smallest one on her back, wrapped up and sleeping, but they're as equally amazed how much she enjoys it. As soon as I show her the blanket, she brings out a smile and starts jumping around and wagging her tail. Taking care of these amazing animals and providing them love is so rewarding. I think I'm just rambling now because this post made me tear up but basically, I love you and your dog and I love all dogs. 😭
How is his pinball game?
😊 kindness is irreplaceable
Words cannot express how much joy this gives me.
He looks so amazingly happy! Good for you and him!!!

Curious, what is his day-to-day life like? My fiancé’s family Yorkie went blind and deaf in his old age and kinda would just walk in circles, walk into walls, and be confused...
Give him tons of love from me please, this is soooo sweet!
Wait wait wait. 

So the dog gets to smell the grilled goodies, but doesn't get to partake? That's messed up lol. 

Otherwise, that's a pretty sweet thing to do for him.
Is that a double Merle Aussie? I have one too! But somehow, she’s a miracle. She’s not blind of deaf. Don’t know how I managed that
Is that a double merle, hence the blindness and deafness?

Edit: I saw another comment that confirmed he is. Is it not unethical to breed double merles? The chance of an unhealthy pup is so high. And there's a good chance it won't make it to adulthood.
My heart feels with warmth from this
A can not hear

Nor can I see

But you open up

The door for me

I smell the neighbors

As they grill

And with those scents

My heart is filled

I can not hear you

Nor can I see

But because of this smell

I know you love me
Awe he looks sooo soft and gentle! It's so soothing to watch him
Mom and Dad: we're not air conditioning the whole neighborhood!
You walk over to those neighbours and get whatever they are grilling for that good boy right there.
this is wholesome! how do you interact with this kind of dog? i’m a part of a local organization and will be volunteering with disabled/amputee pups soon and have no clue what I’m doing.
Your dog must have an absolutely insane sense of smell. If dogs work anything like humans, the lack of sense tend to heighten their remaining senses. I can't even imagine a dog with an even greater sense of smell. So cool!

And very cute.
Hi, how is raising a blind and deaf dog like? I've had dogs my whole life yet i don't know where and how to start training/helping a Deaf and blind dog.
They better give him some of that or I'm coming 😤
My nam Braille

can't hear or see,

still am gud boi

just look at me.

&#x200B;

Late in the day

I rest my feets,

lay down by door

'n smell da meats.
You should give him a bowl of cereal. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/6imdp5/the_smell_of_a_grill/
Awwww. So sweet.
Your dog is amazing and youre a awesome pet owner
This is so pure. I can’t.
Mmm that’s that smell I like yes
what an angel oh my god
Love it, so precious! Your pupper is getting a LOT of pets and scritches tonight on behalf of all of us here
So wholesome. Honestly made my day a bit better to see this!
I’m not crying, you’re crying 🐾❤️
His wee paw touching the screen door.

S-M-R-T
So fancy with those crossed legs.  😌
as someone who loves to grill/smoke a lot especially in the fall I often wondered if I was making my neighbors jealous or how far the smell would travel. I'm the kind of person (jerk) who would smoke meats for 16/36 hours and or grill chili. knowing that a dog like this may be enjoying the curious smell brought a smile to my face and warmed the cockles of my heart. thank you for sharing this.
He's beautiful! Thanks for sharing this.
Really? Only 9 in the morning and you're gonna melt my heart, just like that?? The nerve...
I hope that one day I can be as appreciative and as happy as this precious dog. They’re a literal cinnamon roll.

Hope that they’ll live many long happy more years with you, OP. <3
Literally the sweetest thing ever - thank you for posting!
Omg he looks exactly like my one eyed aussie !! Brother from another mother <3 Shelter was nervous he might be dead but he's just choosy with listening hahah

https://imgur.com/a/u4S1wYE
What a good human.
What a beautiful dog.  Thank you for sharing.  I hope there are many things to smell for a long time.
Just a question, how does he react when he greets you? anything unusual?
Aww🙃
This is fucking precious.
I wish I was a dog.
I can hardly imagine how keenely developed a dead/blind dog's already acute sense of smell must be!
Do your neighbors know?  I'd throw him a little piece if I knew he was sniffing it up like that.
OMG.. She is so cute
Thank you for all the wonderful work you and your organization do for these dogs! I have followed your page for a long time, and even was inspired to get a double Merle of my own! You truly are an amazing human being! 
Also, this video is absolutely adorable! Warmed my heart. Glad to see a double Merle video getting shared here on Reddit so more people can gain awareness!
Grill for him. Now.
Blind/Deaf creatures (of all sorts from doggos to Dougo's) are much braver then I am.  I am so cowardly when faced with even the idea of blindness.   Yet I keep seeing posts like this and the joy everyone and everypupper gets from even small things I'd ignore.   

&#x200B;

You're better people then I.
It's probably torture being able to smell food cooking and not being able to eat any of it.
If he’s dead and blind, how do you let him know that he’s the goodest boi?
I don't want to poop at parties, but would the dog actually appreciate the smell of good food if he doesn't get to cronch it?
*this pleases the Good Boy*
Is your neighbor the Rock?
Dogs have an amazing sense of smell in the first place and when you lose one sense others get stronger. I bet puppy is smelling that grilling in a way we could only imagine.
Just the thought of being that dog give me panic...i can't understand what it must be like. I'm so happy he is so happy! Good looking dog as well.
That's so sad, yet so beautiful and nice of you to do. I'm sure your dog loves you.
o my heart
Ole Helen Yeller
You're a fantastic hooman
Sweetest thing ever
I'm not sure why but this hit me hard, that was beautiful to watch, thank you for being a great human being
Oh my heart
😍
Good boy has good things to sniff
Such a sweetheart. 
Am I the only one who finds it super adorable when an animal sniffs the air? I love it when my cats do that.
Just to feel that breeze means so much to a deaf and blind dog
You’re a good person. Thanks for thinking of your pooch.
This is really considerate, you must really pay attention to his wellbeing.
Dogs are so pure, I have a black lab and she's partly blind, she can't really catch treats, so when I throw her one it always hits her nose or head and she'll just stare at me wagging her tail like "why you throw treat at me, I mean thank for the treat, but why be mean. It's ok human, I still love you, now scratch my butt"
"CAN YOU SMELL WHAT THE BLOCK IS COOKIN'?"
I have no idea who you are but i love you.
Go grill him some treats, cruel OP
❤️🐶
You should grill him something!
Old Keller
Had a dog who went deaf and blind after a black widow bit her. She was VERY depressed for awhile but pulled out and led a pretty good life with some misadventure for sure. It was amazing how keen her sense of smell became! She could be laying across the room half asleep and if I blew in her direction with some food in my mouth she would wake up, stick her nose in the air, and trot right over to me for a taste of whatever I was eating! She navigated the yard and house by memory and did pretty good except when stuff had to be moved around for work on the house, then she’d get pissed off and go find a quiet corner of the yard to sulk 😞
this is too wholesome
r/HumansBeingBros
This is both wholesome and cute.
That dogo needs some love and what do you think the neighbors cooking
Is he a double Merle? I have Aussies, and I’ve seen rescue dogs where breeders failed to keep Merles apart from one another. 

He’s a beautiful boy, and you’re a beautiful person for keeping him happy.
Oh lawd they grillin.
This is beautiful. I don't know if my heart can take it.
If I was a dog I’d want to be your dog.
Oh man I just saw a bunch of double Merle's at the dog expo in NJ. So well trained!
This is the purest form of happiness I've ever seen, such a beautiful moment and thank you for sharing it with all of us.
We dont deserve dogs.
I’m in desperate need of a job because money buys these guys
God that’s fantastic and aren’t Animals and Animal Lovers just the best.
Awww, I bet he likes that!
So sweet.
He should get his own grilling human so he can taste that smell
What a great owner you are. Doggy is blessed to have you. ❤️ And such a beautiful dog!
Is his name Ol' Keller?
The lesson here is don't breed a merl with a merl.  You get dogs like this.  Not that they don't deserve love.
[deleted]
Thank you for making me smile!
This made me so happy
He still appreciate the beauty of that place
r/HumansBeingBros
What a cutie! Dogs make life so much better.
This is wonderful!
We have a  Double Merle Border Collie who's just deaf. Sweetest dog we've ever rescued.
bless you, OP
Awww he’s loving it keep it up
What a beautiful doggy!
awww
Very cute! :)

Is he like 100% deaf, or do you think he can hear a little bit?
Because of zoning laws I’m at the limit for how many dogs I can have. They’re all able bodied. 

I’m really looking forward to a pack of special needs dogs. Gray fur, wheels, distemper disorders, blind.
If I were your neighbor i'd set aside a morsel or two for such a fine friend.
I love this, I love everything about this!
wow this is so cute
I hope they see this and start bringing over a little of what ever they are grilling
My mom has a blind and deaf dane that LOVES spice, and I mean LOVES. We had some food that melted our faces off and he just kept licking the bowl being happy.
I can only imagine how good his sense of smell is after losing 2 senses.
Good boy
That’s so sweet!
He looks very happy and that made me really happy :)
I'd probably find myself just sitting next to him taking it in as well
When my dog got older, she was going deaf and I had to walk in front of her to get her attention or else I'd startle her if I just touched her. Do you have to stomp on the floor or something to let your dog know you're coming?
Reminds me of a Mexican folktale I heard as a child where the rich light skinned, skinny family is miserable, the poor family next door is happier, and they keep enjoying the rich family’s cooking smells, and the rich people get jealous and try to hoard the food smell, as if it is being “stolen” In the end the rich people become happy too by sharing their food. (iirc)
Ow so cute it hurts
How do you communicate with him?
Some ratatouille action goin on here
Oh man I share the sentiment. Anytime I smell a cook out from someone out in the street. I do the same...
Aww, this is amazing
I’m so happy I saw this. I can feel your dog’s contentment. This is really nice.
Aww this melted my heart. I'm gonna go cry to sleep but in a good way.
This is the most wholesome thing I've seen in a long time.
r/everyonelikedthat
What a sweet boi!
You are a nice human, OP.
🤗
[deleted]
The nose knows.
What a beautiful pupper.
THIS 😭😭😭😭😭
Why aren't you grilling?
Awww.... ♡♡♡
Also me when the neighbors are grilling.
How do you potty train a deaf and blind dog?
The feeling train is coming through, Woo woo
Thats so nice...beautiful pup!
If its true the other senses get heightened, he must have a super snoot!
Oh my heart...
Oh my god. So sweet!
I’m wondering why a day is like with the doggy like that? I mean  do you do everything what normally you would do like does he know well around the house? 

This is truly beautiful!
Hell sometimes I leave the windows open so I can smell what my neighbors are cooking.
Enjoy or torture. The jury is out.
Oh man... dogs have amazing smellers to begin with but without sight and sound her nose must be in the top 10 most powerful forces on earth!
It got dusty in here for me real suddenly.
much floof
r/piratepets
*Dogattoulie: The Artisan*
I am not sure if doggy really enjoys this... I would feel anxiety.
anyone have a Helen Keller pun
Smellivision
Dear God please grill for that dog!
precious
>Deaf and blind

Wow, that must be hard to cope with.  How do you get him to follow you?  It must be hard to navigate with scent and touch alone.
"MMMmmm - Dems tastee airs!"
You're good people.
My little monster is completely able, but when we took them to friends that live at the top of a valley, she would just sit at a ledge and sniff and listen. She seemed so content.
That is incredibly sweet of you. Your pup has a nice hooman :)
awwwwwww
''deaf and blind dog'' = 20K upwoofs minimum
What a good dog.
What a cute pupper
I love your dog
Not to be dramatic but I would die for this dog
I'm just going to assume you grill for him as well.
One day you should go over to your neighbors and get some scraps, then sneak up to your dog and put it right under his face while he's sitting there.
He must have the absolute best sniffer
I just want to lay down next to that floofy boy and cuddle with him.  He's just precious.
I find it cute and interesting that his front paws are a bit haphazardly rested. Makes me think dogs with sight know very well what they’re doing when they elegantly tuck in their paws or cross one over the other.
How does your doggo know you're around and not freak out when you touch him or startle him? I have a cat with hearing problems and if I sneak up on him - aka walk into a room when he's not looking - he goes bushy tailed.
A question for OP and I apologize if this is insensitive: for dogs who are both blind and deaf, is there another way you can regularly get his attention without touching him?
You're breathtaking
Ok so deaf people get better hearing. Do deaf and blind dogs get a better smelling ablities
I love this
Hey, he’s an Australian shepherd right? My grandpa’s aussie is deaf too.
Oh that poor thing
What a sweetheart. My double Merle is deaf and epileptic, his sister is deaf and blind (but she just got adopted!). 

Thanks for raising awareness 

Puppy tax: https://i.imgur.com/LEr39Qd.jpg
Omg. Tell your neighbors they have to grill at least one meal a day!
Wow..
Friendly reminder that double Merle dogs are usually born deaf and/or blind (often without eyeballs) and they're 100% preventable. And that they're caused by breeders trying to fill a demand for Merle patterend dogs.

Think twice before being part of the demand for merle patternd dogs!!
He knows he's missing out
I would show this to your neighbor and ask if you can get a slice to give to your dog!
You're an angel, and he is heaven sent 💗
That's a good boy right there!
Please don't make me cry 😭
This is soo sweet and wholesome ♥️❤️💟
Looks like a goat.
I hope he feels as wonderful and loved as I want him to feel...
The good news is, their noses are so good, you're probably letting him enjoy the entire backyard too.
Almost everything that includes deaf and blind dog is cute
That's awesome of you to do that for your dog!
I have been thinking about adopting a dog with similar problems. Can you tell me what the biggest challenges are for such a dog and how you go about resolving them?
What a pretty boy! 
* virtual ear scritches *
Please tell me the dog is named Helen.
So frickin wholesome
Well... that made my shitty day better. Thank you.
“Ahh.. that aromatic smell, the way it hugs the senses, the sounds of the sizzle, and the way it mixes with the cross breeze. Sigh.. nothing gets better than this.”
Radler470! It's great to see your dog photos again. Miss your posts on the gifting subreddits. Come visit us at r/Wishlist sometime. ❤️
🐕🐶
Wholesome af
I love him and I love you
Sniffing definitely puts images and tastes in his mind
I had a deaf blue merle coolie for 7 of his 11 years. He passed away a few years ago. 
He was an absolute joy and I still miss him all the time. 

His urn has the inscription, along with his name "wave louder" as the running joke we had with trying to get his attention. 
"If he doesn't see your signal to come back, just wave louder"


I'm currently caring for a 3yr old golden lab that has some issues I'm ironing out and I reeeeeeaaaaally miss having a deaf dog 😂
That's an epic gamer moment
r/rarepuppers
Omg I love him
That’s so precious. I’m glad he has someone like you OP.
Ohh yes. Those are some good smells he got there. (Thank you for sharing this OP - having a mental health day and this made me smile. Thank you, thank you, thank you!)
Wow, this dog is so lucky to have you. Have you told your neighbors how he loves the smell? So weird how white furred animals typically deal with blindness and deafness.
I was just chilling but now my eyes are sweating and it’s your fault
That poor deaf, cute, and blind dog... sure plays a mean pinball.
That is a really sweet gesture of you. It is those little things that make them (and me) very happy!
I had an Aussie that was the same way. 85% deaf could only hear sharp quick noises and had starburst eyes so most of her.vision was gone too.

But that did not stop her! She was wild and ran full speed until she would hit something. Miss that dang dog.
\[Everyone Liked That\]
He's so majestic
❤️ so beautiful
Must be making onions, my eyes!
You must be a wonderful person. Not many people are mindful of others, let alone non-humans, like this. Thanks for being you.
I am 😍 in love❤️
The real question is....has he gotten to eat any of these said smells :) 

In all seriousness though, this is freakin adorable.
Does he play a mean pinball? Does he have such a supple wrist?
Please post more videos about your dog. He's beautiful!
Cutttieee dog! Hope that doesnt starve him.
My heart has officially melted into molten lava 😩😩😭😭😍😍
Good human
This is so pure
Awwww
Thanks for making me cry, very cool!
Bless u
Those paws made me do a double-take.
A wonderful human your dog has!
me too doggo, me too.
He is fucking awesome
Aww
That's it! Now I have to start punching walls!
Such a precious animal, I wish him a long and happy life.
Wow what a beautiful dog! So lovely to see you make accommodations as simple as this so he can enjoy life as fully as he can.
What a beautiful dog. Glad he found such a caring person to care for him. 

 I have a blind Pom mix who sniffs the air like that whenever he “senses a disturbance in the force” as I call it: someone entering the room, someone cooking, someone at the door, etc.
Awwwe that is sooo sweet.
Awww! 10/10 dog parent
yea but how good is he at pinball???
Imagine the sense of smell he must have. What a good boy.
That puppet is 12/10 adorable! You rock! MORE!
I Unmuted the video so I could smell it. I might be stupid.
My 16 year-old poodle has lost most of his sight and hearing over the past 2 years. His favorite thing to do nowadays is to just stand outside and smell the air. He can stand there for hours, sticking his nose up in the air everytime he catches a breeze. Really makes you wonder what dogs can sense with their noses.
Angel.
Aww, he's precious... I WANT TO GIVE HIM A HUG!
Gettin some good sniffs
Dogs are Awesome!
He’s majestic!
I just want to make him some juicy chicken or something now...
Give him Pets and Treats and Love... and teach him how to play pinball
You’re a good person......he’s a beautiful boy!
The hero we needed on our lives
Sees with his snoot
Yeyeyeyyeyeydyye
Excuse me while I go cry at the look of pure joy on his face.
That is so adorable.
You are a good human
I've never seen such a good boy in my life! Good on you for finding him a simple joy!
Hey I have those curtains on my patio doors too!
So sweet and kind of you ❤️
Aaaaand now I'm crying at work.
I'm surprised how many people have blind and deaf dogs
He’s so cute!! My dog is blind, I love when he sniffs the air like that. Literally looking around with his nose!
such a beautiful relationship
I want to ask what you feed him when he smells the stuff on the grill? 
He has to think what he is smelling has got to be better than what you are giving him. That or he goes to bed hungry.
My goodness that breaks my heart
My dog definitely gets way more out of life from her nose and from snugs than she does from seeing and hearing. That dude is probably having a blast right now.
This gave me life! 😍❤️
Well that’s one Cute Jealous doge.
My heart just broke into millions pieces 💔 
Also, what I beautiful human been you are.
The most wholesome vidios ive seen in a while
You deserve a metal for this.
This is so sweet and beautiful. You're such a good person ♥️
It’s people like you that restore my faith in humanity. Thank you for being such a wonderful dog parent.
I'm not crying, you are
dang it. legit made me mentally awww. wellplayed bud.
Top notch Dog parent right here.
How do you communicate with such a dog? Vibrations and touch?
Everyone liked that
Why not just grill inside for him?
/r/MadeMeSmile
What a beautiful and adorable pupper! He looks like he would be a great snuggle buddy! <3
You're a good hooman.
He lack of hearing/seeing doesn’t diminish his love of life is great but does he get to taste
what he’s smelling from the neighbor ❓❓🤤
What breed is the dog?
More like what Harold had for lunch the next town over. I bet that sniffer has some power we can’t even imagine.
I wish I had someone to do this for me
How is that cute? Is he going to get some or?
....can smell here too! ☺️
It's only smellz
If I was the neighbor, I’d set aside a little plate for your doggo to enjoy
r/weirdsomememes
It’s a symphony of smells
Ya big tease!
thanks stranger. you made my day
I’M NOT CRYING YOU ARE
😭
He's gorgeous, I want to hug him so much.
I think here, you’re the good boi
Thank you for letting him enjoy his life to the fullest. Is he born deaf and blind ? Beautiful beautiful dear dog.
Living in Memphis, I like leaving the back door open for when I want to experience a home invasion.
It should have ended with "smell what the rock is cooking".
I am crying, look at his little crossed paws hes so precious, bless you! I love your dog and wish to pet him 10000 times. ♡
This is the Helen Keller of dogs
Aww poor pupper.
dog is my co pilot.
So lovely he has such a loving family to look after him.
Blind dogs can smell time.
Beautiful dog!
Everyone liked that.
If only your neighbor was Dwayne Johnson.  CAN YOU SMELL WHAT THE ROCK IS COOKING?!!!!!
Curious to know how your dog lives daily. Does he stick close? When you need him to come? Supervision non stop when outside? I've never known anyone who had to deal with this
What a handsome lad.
That is the likely the most powerful snooter that lives.
You should let him eat sometimes too
That's torture
You better feed that boy some grilled meat, OP.
He looks young and looks like either a border collie or aussie, correct? I'm assuming him being deaf and blind is from his coat, which looks to me like a double merle, which often causes deafness and/or blindness. Am I correct?
So cute!  We kinda do the same for our dog.  She’s getting older, so her hearing and sight aren’t the best anymore.  We have a spare bedroom with a big window that we keep open for her.  She can still see the people that walk by close on the sidewalk.  She will lay there and people watch all day!
This beautiful dog needs a guidance human!
You’re a good person
Oh, he is a sweet baby, and you're a great and thoughtful pet-parent.
the embodiment of ‘aw yisss’
you are breathtaking
This is beautiful. Animals are wonderful.
The goodest of sniffer boyes.
This post made my day, my week, my whole entire life.
I see that you also have a Magoo. We’ve had ours for 11 years.
Doesn't that just melt the heart!
That deaf *smart* and blind pup, sure sniffs a mean hot dog
Well, I didn’t think I’d be tearing up with happiness this afternoon, but it happened.
Hey op, I hope you can see it. Also, I’m sorry if this question as been asked before. 


How is it to live with a deft and blind dog?
You’re a beautiful soul for doing something so small, yet extremely considerate and sensitive. You’ve enriched this dogs life so wonderfully. If you do nothing else in life, you’ve done this!
I want my teach my son to be kind and loving like you! Ugh my heart.
😭Its so sad yet so beautiful
if only his owners would buy a grill and use it!
Is this good? Or is this dog being teased by the smell of something it's not going to eat?
[deleted]
Deaf and blind dog?! 😟 Poor pet!
Be still, my heart!
My blind mostly deaf dog LOVES when I grill or  when I make dinner in general. She'll sit on my foot while I cook.
Looks like my DM rowdy! So handsome!
He’s thoroughly enjoying it! You’re very thoughtful.
That’s some good stuff
Does the dog bark when she/he senses or smells other dogs
"Does it smell good?"


*ugh*
By any chance was this dog adopted or held in a shelter from Colorado ? I volunteered maybe 2-3 years ago and met a dog who looked exactly like this
Nice.
Smell is his strongest sense..the old factory sensing system on a dog is the length of its back
How do you pet him without startling him? Do you have to let him smell you first?
awesome
Reddit gotta put nsfc(not safe for crying)
Tell him he's a good boy
I bet he enjoys the breeze! Very sweet.
Grill this dude up some meat and let him taste it!!!!!
He's perfect
Be it deaf or be it blind,
all the doggos are lovely and kind
Savoring every sniff!!  Damn the simple things in life!!
There's a Boston Market right next to my apartment building and sometimes I can just smell the roasting meat and it makes me so happy.  I can relate to this doggie.
I needed this today.
PRECIOUS DOGGO!!!!
You're a lovely person
Grill him something too! What a little sweet fluff ball 😍
Once a week I take my golden\Aussie Shepard mix Reggie on a smell walk. It was suggested to me by the first trainer we took him to. I take him to the park and let his nose lead the way. He leads me around to all these differnet places other doggos have been, smells and then pees on them. Amazingly doggos can not only smell that a dog has peed someplace but they can differentiate their own. If Reggie is the last one to pee on a spot he will ignore it
Really making me miss my ^^dearly ^^departed Gertie girl.  She was a double merle, too.
Absolutely beautiful
You are good people.
I have a dead and blind dog too, she is very cute when they do that.
Holy shit! They must have some kind of super nose that most dogs don’t even have!
Sure plays a mean pinball
I’m not crying you’re crying!
Send this to the neighbor, they’d probably love to know that your dog loves when they grill!
What a beautiful doge.
But can he smell what the Rock is cooking?
What a lucky boy
ooooohhh... must be pure delight for this doggy then to smell this stuff!
I needed this kind of wholesome today! Thank you!
Is the dog’s name Helen Kennel?
You’re a good person
If I was the grilling neighbor, I would make extra stuff for your family and dog.  In paymentI would ask for permission to give your dog ear scratches, belly rubs, and nose boops.
How's his pinball?
Thanks for raising a double merle with disabilities.  They are an unfortunate side effect of dangerous breeding practices that aim to produce colorful Australian shepherds.  

They are usually very loving dogs and I hope he makes you happy.
This is so sweet!😍 Put a big smile on my face!😊
The best post. Lovely
You have a beautiful dog!  He lucky to have such a kind human that loves and cares for him!
One thing I love with my job is occasionally working with blind and deaf (or both) dogs.  It takes a certain kind of gentleness that just makes you feel good inside.  I work at a pet hotel so not only does the dog not know me, but they also don't know where they are.  My favorite thing to do is put my hand in front of their nose so they go "oh shit it's you, hi".  And then scratch their chin so it doesn't surprise them as much.  And slowly move from their chin to the top of their head and  ears, keeping contact the entire time.  Because the second you take you hand off of them and move they have no idea where you are.
I cried
That is precious!
you are the best human
Beautiful dog! I’m so glad he has you. Is it hard to care for him? You can’t voice or do hand  commands? You must touch him a lot to communicate with him?  I expect you let him play on different textures, etc?
Cute
My heart... One of my doggies does this when it’s windy. It’s so cute
r/humansbeingbros
I hope you grill your dog some meat occasionally. Might as well spoil the senses he/she has left :)
What a goofball!
Why is there so many deaf blind dogs? It makes me sad... why cant they just be one... why both deaf and blind mostly? Can someone explain..thanks.
If you are born deaf and blind how do you learn?
/r/specialaww
the most wholesome post on this entire website.
That's very cool. I do the same for my old girl. She's bored alone all day while I'm at work, so I leave a window cracked so she can smell the neighborhood and hopefully keep her mind occupied with thise smells, it's where I always find her when I come home.
For a dog it basically letting him read the news paper! Especially interesting news day if the neighbors are grilling.
I guess Reggie is just a peegenius
double merle Australian Shepherd?
Awww yeaaaaaa.  

that's the good shit yo.
Wholesome 100
Everyone liked that
An extremely blessed video
I remember a rescue that we gave to a lady that missed her previous blind and deaf dog. She was also deaf. 💜
Your dog is a beauty!
Why don’t you grill him something?
Maybe you won't even see this but I wanted to thank you for opening my eyes. When I was a kid and my parents went through a breeder for a Great Dane - the breeder explained how once in a while when a pure white one was born that she immediately put them down - because there was a "99%" chance they would be deaf and blind. I was horrified but all the adults agreed that that was best because 'what kind of life could they have'. Now I know my kid gut was right to be offended. You are awesome.
I didn't realize before now how many similarities I had with a deaf and blind dog, because I've definitely done pretty much all of that when opening an exterior door and catching the scent of a fire or grill.
double merle BC? beautiful pup, I'm sure he appreciates you
I even do that for myself.
I'm not crying...you're crying!!! Seriously, so sweet.
He’s so elegant and I love him.
I'm glad he has you💕
How sweet and compassionate of you. Beautiful sweet aussie.
Sucks he cant see its the neighbours and everytime hes probably thinking "DAMN WE EATING GOOD TONIGHT!"
I hope puppa gets a big fry up after those smells!
Good dog
This is so sweet! I’m glad you adopted him.
CAN YOU SMELLLL WHAT THE NEIGHBORSSSS ARE COOKING???? *raises eyebrow*
I'm not crying, you're crying! ❤️
Who's chopping onions?
Love that !! Happy dog. Thank you.
Helen Borker
The dog is like "idk what they are doing but it smells heckin good"
This made me very sad and very ashamed at how much I take for granted.
What a beautiful scene for a lovely dog.  I’m sure you give him plenty of cuddles.  Do you yourself doing some grilling, as well?
I live this dog wholeheartedly. I will fall in love with a dog in less than a second, but people take years.
Wholesome
Borzoi?
Wholesome content
my heart just grew three sizes
Thank you
This is both sad and beautiful. But mostly beautiful.
this made me smile so much! I have a deaf and mostly blind dog as well so this is extra cute to me! give that good boy some pats!
That is so sweet. Thank you for being a good human and parent to that special fur baby
James, their house burnt down...
I don't know if that's nice or mean. Lol
Too wholesome
Throw her a sosig,pls
so do you give your dog some meat after that?
Wait.... so he doesn’t know he’s a good boy? :(
This makes my heart happy. Is your beautiful baby a double merle?
I love him 😭
Pet him for me please.
Feel bad boit my comment. My grandmother had a dog who was blind deaf and could not smell so i understand how dogs like him can be different
Nobody cares if hes blind or deaf.

As long he,s alive we all love Your dog and love you for taiking good care of him.
How can he smell if he’s deaf
I’m not crying, you’re crying
There are so many blind AND deaf dogs on reddit
Poor thing...
[removed]
World Best 50 Restaurants 2019 With Image #todayvideo #50Restaurants #BestRestaurants2019 [https://youtu.be/MXeZgpMKqu8](https://youtu.be/MXeZgpMKqu8)
This is so sąd :(
I wonder if people did that for Hellen Keller too
1. Item
2. Itemww
Does he know that he's a doggo?
Muda
My friend sent me this on tumblr and I got really confused for a moment because your pup looks just like mine aside from the ears.  He’s adorable af
Sounds more like torture to me :( What if he is expecting it?
My uncle also had a blind/deaf double-Merle Australian Sheppard (named Hellen). Such a beautiful and happy dog.

Fun-Fact: The amount of black on their body relates directly to the amount of vision they have. This one is probably about 90% blind, and capable of seeing large shadows and big movements.
Was the dog blind and deaf when you adopted it or did something happen after he was already part of the family. If the former, I question your motives.
Not sure if that is a kindness or a cruelty.
Aw, would be more like torture, smelling grilled meat n not getting to eat any???
Aw, that’s ruff🤭
I fucking cried
There is something inherently beautiful and magical about this that has some deep profound meaning for life that I’m too stupid to articulate but I can feel it and it’s beautiful
Time to unsubscribe again, after only ONE day.

I don't want to come to r/aww for sad content.

A deaf and blind dog makes me fucking sad.
I'm not crying, you're crying.
I'M NOT CRYING YOU'RE CRYING
fuck you I wasn't planning on crying today
I’m fucking crying
Is that Bran in dog form?
What if he forgets how to smell?
Poor doggo
This post reminds me of an old joke.
Q: Why do farts smell?
A: So deaf people can enjoy them too! 😁
Relax Scooter, Mrs. B has had a better life than most people’s children...I’m a bad person, not a monster.

Pets are a lifetime commitment so I’m not about to pawn her off on somebody else for her 3rd act, that’s my responsibility. In all honestly, I’m not opposed to having her put down when the time is right, I just don’t think we’re there yet. As far as her vet and I can tell there’s no real pain, just sensory loss and dementia. As long as her little nubbin still wiggles when I pet her I’m not comfortable punching her ticket.

You came off kinda aggro mate, wanna talk about it? Let’s start with your mother...
So basically, you're torturing it?
Just plain torture
I down voted this because that's is such a tease. Mother fucker better ask his neighbor's for some so he can eat what smells so good.
I guess I'll be the asshole.


It would seem more humane to put the poor doggo down. I cant imagine much quality of life.
Im going to be seeing this bullcrap for 4 days in my home page now. Great.
Something wrong)
[removed]
