he must be a swanson because thats very on brand
Due to  safety issues the baby should be removed and the cradle filled with as many dogs in sailor hats as possible post haste.
A quick way to get rid of the baby if he is unsatisfactory or in danger
This is some Leroy Jethro Gibbs level stuff right here
They’re beautiful but horribly impractical.  

Side note: I am giving away one just like this in Central Florida.
That’s incradleble
...is that safe? As a childless person I have no idea if that’s safe.
[deleted]
This man is a true master of his trade.
r/woodworking needs to see this.
While its the thought that counts, it looks like an accident waiting to happen the second the kid starts to crawl.  At least the boat can be removed and placed on the floor.
That's fantastic and I am jealous. When I was little I used to imagine that my bed was a raft before falling asleep. An adult size version of this cradle is what I'll be imagining tonight.
Original and so beautiful!
Sit down, you're rocking the boat.
Yeah that's not safe sleep approved. Nice craftmenships though
This is beautiful.

However not very safe for the baby if those bumpers are not breathable.
Is it just me, or does the lighting make him look like a cardboard cutout or poster on the wall? My brain is having a hard time processing that.
My dad made one like this  for my nephew but it was a viking ship.



Edit: Got the picture from my sister of it. It's a bit worn and is now used at a toy bin hanging from the ceiling. https://imgur.com/gallery/BlvIfTP
He looks so happy and proud, love it
Wow beautiful cradle !
Beautiful
That’s amazing. Wonder how long it took to make.
Love how proud he looks
Beautiful.
What a kind gesture and beautiful craftsmanship, but that's a lot of work and a huge piece of bulky furniture for something that you'll use for maybe a year. Some babies don't even like cradles. Hopefully they have a large family that produces babies frequently so they can keep passing it along.
I felt bad that my initial reaction to this cute picture was how horribly dangerous it looked, I guess I’m relieved to see by all the top comments that I’m not alone. This didn’t really go the way OP planned...
That is amazing!
I just picture my dog jumping up on this, tipping the boat and the baby falling out onto the floor.
If they're antivaxxers a viking funeral will be v cheap.
That's incredibly adorable : ) Love it!
That’s love! And a future heirloom.
Wow! A great craftsman.  Wish I had those skills.
This is beautiful!!
WOW great work grandpa!
That's something to hold onto. He's a great craftsman
He looks so proud! As he should, that’s amazing.
That’s amazing
Yeah the cradle is cool but why is the painting Crooked??
Holy ship that's beautiful!
Grampa is an OUTSTANDING CRAFTSMAN!
But that isn't SIDS proof
That... doesn't look safe.
One proud grandmother fricker
Looks awesome, but I'd make that suspension redundant, just in case.
I hope that stern lift has a centering knot in the hoist line, otherwise the clip can slide to one side or the other and dump the kid on the floor.
This is adorable n shit, but I'm pretty sure cradles have high standards of manufacture for certain reasons.
This would make a great planter.  It's not ok for a baby.
As nice as it looks. It's illegal in Canada to put a baby in one without "bars" due to suffocation risks.

Not sure about other countries though
While this looks super cool I feel a couple safety warnings will be inspired by this.
Very cute! Babies don't need pillows though! Keep your crib as bare as possible, no matter how snazzy.
Super cute, hella unsafe, but super cute.
Not safe. The way the rope is suspended from the stern on the metal clip, the rope can travel freely through the metal clip, and if too much weight is put to one side of the crib, the rope could slip and allow it to tip over and capsize. The stern should be attached with separate ropes of equal length, anchored from the cradle hanger to each corner of the stern.
That just seems unsafe...
Those poor parents had to be like "OH MY GOSH THAT'S SO BEAUTIFUL AND CLEVER! Thanks, Daaaaad! <whispers> (Honey, we are never letting our baby sleep in that.)"
Until the flood comes...
Is his name Moses?
[So I'd like to know where, you got the notion . . .](https://youtu.be/FfBwsG8ubFw?t=18)
Life is but a dream...
Grandson's name is Moses.
A viking's cradle.
Don’t rock the boat
How Noah doing today?
🎵 Don’t rock the boat! 🎵
That kid better be named Noah.
Do t be fooled. He’s not a good grandpa he was just getting ready to send the kid down the river.
 But is she seaworthy?
my dad did the [same thing](https://www.reddit.com/r/woodworking/comments/7vp712/dad_the_craftsman_made_my_6mo_daughter_noah_her/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=ios_share_flow_optimization&utm_term=enabled)
It's very neat, I don't know about amazing.
25 years ago I bought "The Expectant Father's Cradle Boat Book".  Through it I found a small shop in Oregon that had these exact plans, except the boat had a lapstrake hull. The davits were walnut; strakes were Cypress from South Louisiana; keel was oak and the transom was cherry. Took me four months to construct the cradle.  Put >8K on my motorcycle commuting across the SF Bay to a workshop in the basement of a generous friend. Christened it with a meaningful family name.  
Kid used it about six weeks....still under wraps in the garage...waiting for my son's child. 

Best experience ever.
It’s beautiful. But I would feel a lot better if those ropes are just a tad thicker. It’s making me very nervous just looking at the tension on the side where the baby’s head is right now.
Meanwhile all my grandpa did was gross me out while playing with his false teeth
When the bough breaks, the baby will fall.
Ah, I see your grandpa is into planes. That's always a neat hobby.
Honest question- is it ok for a baby to sleep in a motion like that boat? Does that move in the same motion as a crib?
But like...clunky and awkward, probably a pain in the ass to store, and only good for a few months.
...put him in a longboat 'til he's sober, put him in a longboat 'til he's sober early in the morning
Cool but that has very short shelf life of use
Baby boat!
Also ready for a Viking funeral. Flaming arrows and war axe not included.
Like Moses floating down the Nile.
Until the dog pushes it too far....
Irresponsible parents never listened to a nursery rhyme in their lives!
My goodness that is beautiful.  But that baby's gonna outgrow that work of art in about three months :(
For ages 0-3 months
That’s cool. My grandpa died before I was born and all I ever got from him is high blood pressure and a history of cancer.
That's pretty neat.
Best part is that the toddler will be able to eventually use it as a real boat!
I knew a guy who made a literal Viking ship cradle for his grandchild. Not only that, but his son was in the military, so to make it easier for frequent moving, he designed it to fit together like a puzzle so it could come apart in slats and pack flat. The pictures were amazing, I wish I could share them.

Edit: Stupid autocorrect.
Boat capsizes
r/woodworking wants to know your location
Gramps is a cutie. There's love in that woodworking.
He looks like the kind of guy who will make his grandson a train made out of wood
That's beautiful. His great great great great great grand kids will still know of him because of this. I hope he only has one kid himself because this would be the shit siblings faal out over.
Wow, that is precious! What a gorgeous cradle!
It's all fun and shiny boats until some genius leans on the pointy side and face plants the baby.
Do not let a baby sleep in that. If you would put a baby in that then please wait a few years before you have children.
It's beautiful but I wish it looked more stable.
In all honesty I’d be worried about the materials used and lacquer fumes.
Too bad the kid will fit into it for a week. 
Source: I have a growing toddler.
Wynken, Blynken, and Nod one night
  sailed off in a wooden shoe —
Sailed on a river of crystal light,
  into a sea of dew.
"Where are you going, and what do you wish?"
  the old moon asked the three.
"We have come to fish for the herring fish
  that live in this beautiful sea;
Nets of silver and gold have we!"
  said Wynken, Blynken, and Nod.

The old moon laughed and sang a song,
  as they rocked in the wooden shoe,
And the wind that sped them all night long
  ruffled the waves of dew.
The little stars were the herring fish
  that lived in that beautiful sea —
"Now cast your nets wherever you wish —
  never afraid are we";
So cried the stars to the fishermen three:
  Wynken, Blynken, and Nod.

All night long their nets they threw
  to the stars in the twinkling foam —
Then down from the skies came the wooden shoe,
  bringing the fishermen home;
'Twas all so pretty a sail, it seemed
  as if it could not be,
And some folks thought 'twas a dream they'd dreamed
  of sailing that beautiful sea —
But I shall name you the fishermen three:
  Wynken, Blynken, and Nod.

Wynken and Blynken are two little eyes,
  and Nod is a little head,
And the wooden shoe that sailed the skies
  is a wee one's trundle-bed.
So shut your eyes while Mother sings
  of wonderful sights that be,
And you shall see the beautiful things
  as you rock in the misty sea,
Where the old shoe rocked the fishermen three:
  Wynken, Blynken, and Nod.

[by Eugene Field](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wynken,_Blynken,_and_Nod)
And when the bow breaks the cradle will fall...
My uncle built a similar cradle, the (not so) problem with them is the tend to out last the kids. So what we did is put a little engraved trophy plaque on the cross beam of the child's name, DOB, dates served in the cradle. The cradle was then loaned the out to family and close friends for the use of the new babies. 
12 kids on its a real pleasing sight to see all the kids names on it.
Thats. good catch of the day!  goid picture to save.  future generations can take the same picture.
I think Gramps looks more proud of his cradle than of his grandson
And somewhere on Justnomil and justnofil there is a mom posting the same photo.. with a very different perspective
My old shop teacher recently did this. These look even better up close. The detail that goes into them is amazing. AHHOY!
I hope this gets passed down from generation to generation, a beautiful piece to carry in the family for years to come! :)
I wanna see it spin upside down
This is Ron Swanson worthy craftsmanship
Gibbs finally finished the boat.
Fucking wow that's craftsman ship
Genius with a proper lid it doubles as a coffin
Pretty... But wow is that unsafe. I hope it is only being used as a photo prop for children. Not as an actual cradle the child is left in.
This is nice until day 3 when you realize the baby doesn’t want to sleep in it then you’re stuck moving this gigantic piece of furniture around for the rest of your life but you can’t get rid of it because “pop-pop” built it.
"If they don't come you handsome, they at least need to find you handy."
I would have been thrilled to receive that.
That is probably going to be in the family for many generations. Pretty cool.
I was gifted something like this by a very old lady that worked with me at a school. She told me it was the bassinet that her \*great\* grandfather had made for her, back in Sweden. It had been in her family for years and years, and everyone had been in it at least once as a baby. She had tried to gift it to her daughter, but she had refused it on the grounds that she thought it was unsafe. It had really hurt this woman, and she offered it to me for my new baby, in an effort to keep an heirloom out of the dumpsters. When she brought it in I was blown away. Not only was it in phenomenal condition, it was gorgeously handpainted with sun and moon and stars, and there was at least four shades of each color to give it depth. Everything about it was nice. Only issue was that no modern crib mattresses fit in it, so we stuffed in \*my family's\* sheepskin that I was photographed on as a baby, and we got lots of use out of it. As others have said, these aren't cribs. They're meant for infants while napping. As long as you're not leaving them alone with tons of blankets and toys, they're gonna be alright.
This is so beautiful:')
Reminds me of my grandfather. He didn't build me a cradle, but he was the funniest person I know.
And when I was a baby, if there were ever power outages at night, he would stay up with a hand-fan and make sure I wasn't getting too hot.
During the summer vacations when he would come over to visit he would teach me to paint. He would sit with me for hours and we'd draw and paint  And he would cover all of my notebooks with brown paper and write my name with this beautiful handwriting for the new year at school.
They're the best, grandparents.
The relationship between grandparents and grandchildren is magical
He is so proud!! ‘I did a thing for the baby :D’
Flood proof too!
My dad actually made one of these for my brother. He made boat cribs for both of us. Obviously dad likes him more cause mine was basically a canoe with rockers and my brothers was super freaking cool
Just like Moses's mom did.
Might be useful in case of floods..
Is his last name Gibbs?
Good grandpa
Makes it convinient whenever you decide to ship them out.
 When I read the title I thought he grabbed the baby by the crown of the head and scooped the leg and locked him like in a wrestling cradle.
Don't rock my boat.
Awww!!! ❤️❤️😭
1st thought: I want one!

2nd thought: The cats will jump in and launch the baby....
He's going fishing soon
Baby Moses style!
Aw, shit (yeah, yeah)

Get your towels ready, it's about to go down
Son of a son of a sailor.
If there's a flood then the baby should be safe. Good thinking gramps.
Aquaman:  Origins

Scene1
Oh yeh love it
He looks like Jeff von Vonderon from *Intervention*.
Ron Swanson?!
He's so proud (and should be), what a beautiful picture.
Till his ass climbs out
He looks so proud!
But does it have the fire labels?
Aww until he starts crawling...
Looks like he'll have to be a little sea-man for a bit longer than expected
You need to write on the bottom your grandfathers name birthday and later passing date.
Then keep as heirloom. Each baby’s name that will have this cradle and it’s birthday needs to be recorded on the bottom of the “boat” bottom under your grandfathers name. I wish you much love and blessings with this new heirloom.
Read that as Candle not Cradle and got really concerned for a sec
Is that the guy from intervention?
That is stunningly beautiful.  Is it cherry wood?
that baby’s gonna be immune to seasickness
Small little captain has his first ship
That'll last about a month. Maybe 2.
A couple months later: "we're gonna need a bigger boat"
Oh my. I love this. Love love love.
Fantastic!  When it isn’t safe for the baby anymore....I hope they fill it up with stuffed animals!!
I live in Annapolis Maryland and you could sell the hell out of those for a couple grand a piece easily. We have a huge boating community here.
That's so cool!
Ron Swanson approves 💯
Imagine if they set it free in the Nile river to see if it came back.
Amazing woodwork.
Cute
Aren't you supposed to avoid rocking the boat?
isn't this like an animal sub? post this on r/wholesome or something
No shark? Meh...

*currently drinking a ganny tallboy.
I don't trust this.

Whats his long term plan? Throw the child in the river?
I’M ON A BOAT
Totally bitchin cradle
Awesome
This must be kept forever 😍 so precious!!
Rock the boat 

Rock the boat baby
What’s that all a-boat
Is the wall plugged into the wall..?
This is beautiful.
That is beautiful, but I'm not sure I would pin my hopes on rope.  I would have to chain that thing on.  I understand nautical line is made to stand up to weather, etc...  Maybe I'm just paranoid.
Climate change ready cradle
Very nice. Just keep him away from rivers he may make a break for it and escape.
Your title implies he's still making; but that, to me, looks like a finished product. Good job gramps 👍
When do you guys send him out to shore?
OP should also post in r/SeaofThieves
please tell me the child is named "Moses"
Moses be jealous
A boat may be safe at the harbor, but that is not why boats are built.
Holy crap!!! Coolest grandpa award!!
So cool! Great grandpa 👏👏
Rockabye baby! Rockabye!
Great, it will be usable all of four months.
Reminds me of Tarzan it’s super cute
Did he make sure it was safe by hitting it with his truck?
Labour of love never ceases to amaze me.
I’d love to push that thing out to sea
so beautiful!
'Twas all so pretty a sail, it seemed
as if it could not be, And some folks thought 'twas a dream they'd dreamed of sailing that beautiful sea

But I shall name you the fishermen three: Wynken, Blynken, and Nod.
Awww
I'm on a boat and      
taking a nap and...
beautiful! and it probably is the right height to meet up with the parents bedside
Don't rock the boat... don't rock the boat baby
That's amazing work. I zoomed in and I was still impressed. Joining curves is exceedingly hard. It's like trying to do crown molding but x 100. If you sand or cut at the slightest wrong angle at one spot you're going to have a giant gap. And it has to be perfectly even on both sides. My father is one heck of a craftsman, but he has me do the molding and miters on almost everything he does. But this project would take me six months and I might still mess it up.
I would pay a trillion dollars for this.
That will be passed from generation to generation for sure!  What beautiful workmanship!
Why does it look weird? Is it just me?
My daughter's name means "the sea". How long would it take for me to learn and make something like this for my grandchildren?
Go, g’pa!! That’s fantastic! Lucky lucky to  have a crafty loving grandpa.
Wow that is so beautiful and I’m sure will be treasured for generations.  A very talented Grandpa!
This lady can make him a cane https://www.reddit.com/r/DiWHY/comments/c68974/my_mom_tried_to_make_a_cane_for_my_dad/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app
I appreciated this so much, i was inspired to create one myself, 
https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ
dude!
But does he row?
more wholsome memes
So is he a man of the land or a man of the sea?
Don't blame Granpa Jo when it breaks.
Reminds me of the earlier times of the Truman Show.
What do you do with a drunken sailor?
Love it
Gorgeous
p r o u d
Beautiful!!
is that Captain Sully??
When did he start.... before conception?!?!
I guarantee that baby's name is Noah.
 If he isnt vaccinated it will make an excellent coffin
Seems safe
Amazing job!
Don't rock the boat, baby!
Awesome work
Are those books on grandpa's bottom shelf?
I want one but a hammock
It'll be cool if the baby's name was Noah.
Perfect for a Viking funeral when the time comes!
very nice product amazing cradle Marine.
Is the kid named Moses?
Me and my step dad are working on a canoe for my nephew who is due in November. Any tips or issues we might run into?
Now make some shoes ;)
That's Grandpa Love!
Now *that* is superb!
Reminds me of a Children's Garden of Verses, by Robert Louis Stevenson:

"My bed is like a little boat; /
Nurse helps me in when I embark; /
She girds me in my sailor’s coat /
And starts me in the dark. 

At night I go on board and say /
Good-night to all my friends on shore; /
I shut my eyes and sail away /
And see and hear no more. 

And sometimes things to bed I take, /
As prudent sailors have to do; /
Perhaps a slice of wedding-cake, /
Perhaps a toy or two. 

All night across the dark we steer; /
But when the day returns at last, /
Safe in my room beside the pier, /
I find my vessel fast."

Posted by a shameless middle school English teacher.
That kid is about to take a long trip down the Tiber river.
women and children first!!
Going to make (hopefully many) cats very happy in the years to come
That is just fantastic
I like dis
Spoiler alert: baby actually hates it, won’t sleep in it.
So would you say that the delivery was expensive but the shipping was free?
LIL BOAT
So you can literally “Rock the boat baby”?

I’m so sorry.
Am I the only person who sees the merit in him down the road later when the kid is about 5 making him little oars and setting him out onto a shallow pool. Cuz fucking pictures.
That's a lot of work for soemthing that will get used for a year.
That grandpa looks exactly like my dad, so now I'm fucking worried I have a kid I didn't know about.
My grandpa made a cradle for my brother and I. My mom kept for years. My grandpa passed last summer and I was asked to make his urn. I took the cradle he built for us and made his final resting place.
why that baby look fake though lol
The amount of money this dude could make selling those to rich white ladies.. ...
That baby will sleep soundly with dreams of Viking raids and shield maidens.
Something about fraternal love makes me so emotional

Tearing up over how sweet this is
That’s stunning!
What a labor of love!
Anyone else watch The Secret of Roan Inish as a kid?
I have that same fucking shirt!
Ron Swanson would be proud
C u t e as fuck
It’s all fun and games until someone pulls the jib when they were supposed to pull the main sheet.
When I first looked at this I thought it was a coffin
This is too cute.. Look at that happy and proud look on the grandfathers face! Makes my heart melt..
That's what I call a hint of I want this youngin to fish
Is that Sully? Shouldn’t that be a plane instead of a boat?
Did you name him Moses?
You ole sailor, you!
I have one exactly like that.  Exactly.  It's beautiful.
Gorgeous!
Omg how effing adorable!!!
I love it!♥️
Lil’ Boat
It’s nice. It needs outriggers.
Glad to see Grandpa goes barefoot. He's earned it.
Wow! So beautiful! He did an awesome job!
Well, that's wholesome.
Cradle cradle cradle, I made you out of wood
Cute baby crib
He is training to be the next moses
Grandparents are treasures.
What a lad
Is it a waterbed too?
Sweet pea
Modern Viking revitalise.
Holy crap that’s incredible!!
That is amazing.
What is wrong with this photo? It is driving me insane. Shopped heavily but why?
It might be the lighting but your Grandpa looks like a cardboard cutout.
This thing is awesome, no doubt.... but that's so much work to be useless in 3-6 months when the kid is even moderately mobile.
Dodofbbcbcbc
Is It wrong to think how awesome the Viking funeral would be?
I created this.

And I created the thing that created THIS.
Could this be old Ron Swanson?
Am I the only one who immediately thinks of the miller’s tale?
Rock the boat, yeah, rock the boat, baby!
That is the sweetest
Is this the guy that his wife made that really shifty pink walking cane?
Moses's mom wish's she was this good
Wholesome AF
I love it!!!
This would’ve been Gibbs if his daughter hadn’t been murdered
This gives new meaning to lifeboat
This is very pleasing.  Wish you all the best.
Avast ye landlubbers! -this baby in some years
Awesome labour of love
Depending on if the parents are antivax, it's both a cradle and a viking funeral coffin.
Is this grandpa also 5 feet tall? Nice crop, photoshop God’s of Reddit!
Lemme drive da boat
Awwwwww!
Wow! That's amazing and so sweet
Grandpa wants another Moses in the family.
Can someone give this grandpa an award I feel like he deserves one >~<
Aw! That's amazing. Such a kind-hearted man. Makes me miss my own grandpa. sniffle
"and later that night

when his lights went outta sight

came the wreck of the edmund fitzgeraaaald"
oh my goodness!!!! I love this :’) makes me happy! he looks so proud 😭
Insert baby boat cradle recall title
So sad he'll out grow it in 6 months or so
Is that Jeff van vonderen?
Thinking ahead.  When the house floods, baby will be safe.
That is gorgeous
JC is giving stepdaddy Joseph the stankiest eye in heaven for this post.
Ready for climate change
I thought Grampa was a custom fat head.
Woodwork and canoe. Is the grandpa Ron Swanson?
Sir! The wholesome levels are through the roof!
Adorable though
The Greek makes a great grandpa
Rock the boat!
Is the child John *middle name redacted* Swanson?
And the name of that boy, was Maui
That baby's granddaddy is a ~~gottdamn~~ gosh darn QUADRUPLE OG!
That is absolutely beautiful!
Awesome
What an awesome grandpa! I wish more generations got into woodworking, metalworking, and other hands on crafts.
now if there is flood the baby will not immediately drown grandpa is smart thinking ahead
*in the nightgarden theme starts playing*
If y’all didn’t grow up with a grandpa like that y’all are really missing out.
That is fantastic!
Noah's got a heck of a grandpa 😍
I know one rule in that house.... no shoes inside... lol
Epic grandpa moment
He's proud of it too. Look at that smile
Your grandpa rocked it as the voice of Skeletor.
Grandpa’s still got it going on! Great skill.
Loveeeeeeeeee
“The old man and the grandson”
Man thats grandpa yelnats after hos foot cream worked
he will be a good tuna fisherman
I wish he was my grandpa 😭
Grandpa is proud as fuck. Take my upvote.
R/AccidentalRonSwanson
Nice work! Wow! ❤️👍
Plus if there's a flood, baby boat.
If he is making another one I have 2 wooden hangers
r/fakehistoryporn

Moses as an infant.
Gramps has a very fortunate family.
😍😍😍
Very cool, but how long can it be used before the baby needs something with higher walls?
But what happens when the bow breaks?!
Man, that cradle is a work of art. Should be smooth sailing for the kid to nod off in it. Yes, I'm a dad. Yes, that was a dad pun. (Slowly lowers head and walks out door...)
These things are great until you realise that you literally only get months of use out of them, and for most of that time you are so completely sleep deprived and manic you don't realise what is going on.
I read that as "Candle" at first
Pretty confident in his handiwork... no way I’d let a baby sleep with my craftsmanship haha
Crap, now I want a king sized one as a bed.
Totally unsafe! Should at least have on socks!
I want to buy one, does he ship?
Best cradle ever!
So cute!
This would sell like crazy on etsy
The one time you DO want to rock the boat. :3
I am surprised people are all over SIDS and cloth on the sides and the blanket... and not mentioning the many points of thin rope failure... cute nonetheless
What a treasure!
This is gorgeous!
Crosspost this to r/Woodworking
It’s flood proof
Don't we all love grandpa ♥️
This guy sails.
This looks photoshopped and poorly done at that.  The baby is shopped into the “cradle”, and the whole “grandpa and cradle” is shopped into the room.
Source: am Art Director who works with Photoshop daily
I love this so much! What a thoughtful and proud grandpa!
That kid better be named Moses.
But If the bow breaks, the baby will fall
If you guys want a better version of this, many people in India use something of this sort and it’s called a ghodiyu 

You can look it up on amazon.
Looks like they’re about to give the baby a Viking funeral
Speed Bonny boat, like a bird on the wing

Onward, the sailors cry 

Carry the lad that’s born to be king

Over the sea to Skye
The unbridled joy/pride on his face is amazing!
Ok that's some amazing woodwork
Beautiful work, but unsafe as soon as that kid can roll...
Dual function..Nice! Sleep and/or boat.
Hey perfect for floods
Have fun trying to store that later
Damn, I wish I had family that loved me.
So beautiful!
Amazing grandpa
I think he's gonna need a bigger boat.
Can I get an adult sized one???
Grandpa of the year
Sailing on the sea of love...
Flood proof
Sail away to snoozeland.
This is made from wood and pure love.
Good man!!!!
Can I adopt your Grandpa?
Absolutely beautiful.
at first i thought he was a sticker on a wall
That would suck if he just.. ya know, fell.
Noah Ark Part II
Ron Swanson's Grandpa
its beatifulbut dangerous for the baby if there isnt something to protect it from falling
Amazing is right. What a unique cradle!
That baby is on levels if chill that I imagine only that cradle can provide!!!!!
If his name isn't Noah,
Anyone recognize the painting on the wall?
Noah or Moses?
Better make a tiny life-vest too.
Is that the guy from Intervention?
Noah is that you?
*don’t rock the boat, baby...*
Way awesome!
*For his son and his wife.
I can see him looking at his little ship he made and saying "You did good" to himself, and then looking at whoever took this picture and saying "You did good" in reference to his grandson
Great job
Old man and his baby
Dont rock the boat, baby!
I don't know why everyone feels the need to comment on safety like that without offering a solution. OP if you speak to grandpa he might be able to rig up a bracket for the base that stops it rocking when baby is unsupervised or able to roll. The you can get some extra life out of it. Itooks lovely and long so you have plenty of growing room in there. I've seen plenty of commercial bassinets that have a rocking lock on them.
Little did they know he cut a hole in the bottom
Amazingly dangerous
After the baby grows up, they can make cute cat videos with it.  Cats leaping in and out, rocking, falling out, snoozing... Their own Youtube channel!
Omg he’s so proud it’s adorable I could cry
In the future when I have kids my father won’t even remember my kids’ names let alone standing up and doing something like that!
Look how proud he is!!!
Grandpa Noah knows the floods are coming
That really is amazing! What a great gampy!
That thing will be passed on for generations I bet
Grandpa is going to have a recall on his hands
Wow incredible work!!!
This is perfect for Wynken, Blynken, and Nod

[https://poets.org/poem/wynken-blynken-and-nod](https://poets.org/poem/wynken-blynken-and-nod)
My kid wouldve fallen out 200x, the little fucking bouncy ball he is.
He calls this the moses.
My god that is beautiful.
..... Gibbs?
Shit looks like it will break and....
I was looking for a candle...
That painting in the background looks incredible
The baby’s blanket should be a life vest
Omg! Where do I buy 😩 way too cute!!!!!
Grandpa is working on a larger sailboat for a 5 year old, this will be the dinghy.
How cute!
Would work wonders in a flood
Absolutely beautiful
That is sooooo cool
He could make a fortune selling those.
He should build a taller one and put it in a pool just in case the support breaks
What absolutely beautiful keepsake, well done gramps!
How do you get the wood to arch like that?
Rock the boat,  don't rock the boat baby!
Caputo.
This is the best thing I've seen all day! Thank you for sharing this beautiful moment :)
Yes, it can really only be used for a short time the way it is, but you could always just take the boat off the cradle part, put it on the floor, and use it till the baby's too big. 

Source: my kid slept in a wicker Moses bassinet on the floor for like a year until he too tall.

Edit: missed the second 'o' in too.
Beautiful family heirloom.
That's the best Grandpa.
I love it.
Sea? This is what I'm talking about.
OH&S here.... that's going straight to the tip... where my van will conveniently be waiting
You might need to make the sides a little bit higher.
This is fantastic
BEAUTIFUL!  He's one lucky boy, to have a grandfather that makes him a gift like this. Something to treasure and pass on.
That will be prefect if the house floods
But how did the boat get out of his basement????
Absolutely beautiful!
Well it's nice and all but I would never let my baby sleep in it ...it can crawl out of there easy and fall to the ground....
Sad to say, but the cradle needs a stopper to keep it from tilting when baby is unattended.  Babies can asphyxiate when the roll down into the tilted side and their face presses against the side.  Also, the side padding (bumpers) on cradles and cribs cause the same hazard. 

Beautiful, but unsafe.
Mowgli? that you?
Great work grandpa .. =)
Hes gonna launch it
Isa boat
Dream on little Viking.
Wow, that's a lot of hardwork and dedication! Amazing ☺️
If the house ever floods the baby is pretty safe lol.
u/BlackEyedBroad that's a lovely piece of furniture! My grandfather built a cradle for my sister and found that it could easily to over, he was able to put stops on the cradle. Please be careful when your baby starts to move and roll over, he/she could very easily tip this cradle over and gal out.
Well isnt that adorable
These are actually very common in island communities in the early 1900's. if the baby didn't make it, it was easy to send them off to sea in their cradle instead of making a casket for burial
Umm wow. That’s amazing.
Boy... That shows a lot off class and alot of love.... Even more alot lf talent and good taste!! 😎
Wow that's beautiful!
Wow, that's really cool! Great idea, great execution, props!
Sail on silver boy, sail on now. Your time has come to shine. All the dreams are on their way. Oh if you need a friend I’m sailing right behind. Like a bridge over troubled water I will ease your mind.
It seems like that would feel a bit like building a casket
!remindme 5 years
If that floats his boat...
This is amazing!
fuck white people, im starting a revolution right here
Old floki
Muda
This melts my heart!
Looks kinda dangerous
That is awesome
anyone else worried baby will somehow get its head or neck caught in those ropes????
Am I the only one thinking this rooms needs a big plush shark?

Baby shark do do do do do do....
I guess it’s ok for that age, but ropes are a big no no around slightly older kids due to strangulation risk
Hey I was the 24,000 person to upvote this! 


Lol no one cares
Aye, Aye Captain
Looks dangerous I like it
That is truly amazing! But what are they going to do with it after one year?
A lifeboat cradle very well built.
Everyone poo-pooing this: it's probably not its permanent crib. I'm sure this is just a place to rock the baby while mom or dad sits on the couch or eats dinner or whatever else. Relax. I highly doubt they're going to leave the baby in there all night.
I made a similar one for our first born. We used it while the baby was very little and move him to a crib. The bassinet became a “toy box” for years. That baby is now 24 and the piece has moved from St Louis to San Diego to Connecticut to Long Island and now Chicago.  I described mine being amateur vs the pro model pictured here.  Maybe I’ll have grandkids and get to build a new one.
Damn does anyone sell anything like this?
this picture has the cutest energy ever
One day there will be a reddit post of a guy showing us his crib from childhood, and it will be this one
Traumatic injury or worse waiting to happen.  Ropes?
but if no one can use it but the baby, and the only people who can appreciate it are the parents, shouldn’t he have made something more practical for them?
Perfect for drowning a baby...
Amazing until he takes a fall. This violates every safety code for cradles.  Use it as a planter instead.
I feel like this would do much better with a stand than balanced like that one 2 strings. Boats flip relatively easily and unless this was hanging from 4 points I feel like it’s a pretty bad idea.

If he had attached it with a solid piece of wood with a pivot point that used maybe a bearing and put a couple stops it would be much safer but as it stands I don’t think this should be used.

I tried drawing a rough sketch of what I mean. This should give it stability and not allow it to rock too far.

https://imgur.com/a/KRjM5Cc

I know he probably put a lot of work into this, is a bit old school and means well but i wouldn’t put a kid in it unless it was on the floor or modified to be safer. I’d bet $100 if a dog, kid or adult tripped into that it’s flipping and dumping the baby which is really sad.
Very nice but that leg stance on the bottom isn't wide  enough in my opinion, would tip easily with some light swinging
Well if he dies of SIDS he is set for a viking funeral.
>When the bow breaks,   
>  
>the cradle will fall,  
>  
>And down will come baby,   
>  
>cradle and all. 

&#x200B;

Not really though, this looks super well done.  Congrats.
"When love and skill combine, expect a masterpiece." --John Ruskin
r/DiWHYNOT
Do you want heirlooms? Because that's how you get heirlooms.
*come sail away plays in the background for eternity*
That is some manly shit right there. Hopefully the kid keeps it so that future generations of their progeny will be protected from rising sea levels.
Democrat busybodies will be calling CPS pronto for non regulation crib
Everyone liked that
Correction, grandpa makes family heirloom.
"Everybody liked that"
! Remind me in 30 years.

I'm expecting this little lad to be refurbishing this beauty if he ever has a kid of his own! Outstanding work, gramps ♥️
“They all float”
Beautiful gift to give a grandchild 💙


Edit: Thanks for the needless downvotes I'll just go fuck myself I guess
Even the grandpa is adorable. GO GRAMPS!!!
"I call this model The Moses."
Looks like a boat.
It’s nice and all but that thing is going to stop being useful quick and take lots of room
He's ready for his Viking funeral
Everyone liked that
Now THATS a family heirloom to be passed down for generations. So cool. Im so jealous of that kid.
I think Grandpa did a beautiful job and so did the parents.   Gorgeous bassinet.
A boat for a semen eh
AHHHHHHSAVENYAAAAAAAAAAAA👤👥👤👥👤👥👤👥
1. Unsafe
2. Not aww at all
3. Where are the fur babies/reptile/amphibian/avian cuties? 
4. Please make ‘aww’ ban pics of kids
That will last about four months before the baby goes splat on the ground.
That is poorly suspended.
That thing looks awesome but I would never put my kid in a crate that only has 2 secure points. 1 breaks for whatever reason, my kid is on the floor.
