I love how he goes through the proper way. He doesn't simply toss it back with his paws, he makes sure to bite it for a bit as if he was catching the ball outside, before throwing it back.
Finally!  A game at my energy level!
OP: This post comes very close to causing the universe to fold in on itself. Please proceed with caution.
The little nose boop from the tennis ball about half way through was everything.
Source:  napathegolden on instagram and twitter, from his profile:

Napa the Golden

Michigan |📷Chicago. I'm named after wine, but a bit underage. 14/10 from @dog\_rates, so I'm a pretty big deal 📷Wherever there are treats!

For sound, on a computer there's an option on the lower right if you hover over the video. On mobile, touch the gfycat link next to my user name and then it'll take you to the site where there's a sound option in the lower right corner.
:( I wish I were in a position to get a doggo.
The way he so gently passes it back awww
he lazy but still put in tons of effort 
(๑◕︵◕๑)
This some true love bullshit damn
am kinda tire . . . i gonna lay

but 's ok, hooman - we can play!

too hot outside - we stay in here

(i really like it when you're near ;@)

we roll the ball - is Fun to do

you roll to me, i roll to you . . . 

this game with you - it makes me hap

but maybe

    we

        can take

                a nap ?
what a chill boi
That golden paw at work. Every Golden I've had plays with tennis balls like this. 

Goldens are the best.
Who’s playing fetch with who?
That pupper has handles like Kyrie
Definition of a perfect summer! Lazy days with the loved ones
Bro ! This is soooo awesome to see ! I really truly love this type of companionship. Fuckkkkkk I'm jealous. 


🐕 Dogs thought:"hmmmm....idk why we're on the floor but i ain't complaining...but my mans....what you about to do with that..oh nvm..good...cuz i was trying play but its a lil hot. Yeah hold on a sec i don't have hands like you.. gimme a *chomps*....*rolls ball*.....yeah there we go... aight now send it back my guy.....*receives ball* .yeahhhhh thats what im talking about. Sir, can we please do this Every day? This is mad chill! Woof!"
Reminds me of the clip with the 3 lions lazily passing a ball around.
That’s the best thing I’ve seen today
Dog probably wouldn't mind going outside as much as OP
When I was in college and I’d come home drunk me and my dog would sit on the floor like 15 feet apart and just roll it back and forth forever. She would grab it with her paws and make a guide and whack it with her nose it was so cute.
He said the hell with it, it’s too hot!  😡
The nose boop when dogs push a ball is the only thing keeping me alive.
I get this sooo much.
I hope I have a dog like this. Equally as lazy as me, but always looking to play
We lost our pupper 3 weeks ago to lung cancer.  When it started to take his energy we would play ball just like this for hours.  Fetch was his favorite thing.  This warms and breaks my heart.
He's a pinball wizard
doggo testing owner intelligence
Me: Cant work today, boss. Not feeling good.

Boss: Ok can you work from home?

Me: *coughs* I'll try.
Love this
So cute!
Omg how adorable is this!
I've been having a rough evening. I needed this. Thanks OP.
/r/woof_irl
That dog needs pre-workout
The life problems I want. Yet, I'm having.
Dog: Why do I have to entertain this hoomaaan 🤷🏻‍♀️
hOriBBle HUmaN cuTS dOg iN hAlF tHEn fORcEs TOp hALf tO pLaY baLL|||
The look of pure and utter contentment.
Some days I feel like the guy on the right, and other days I feel like the guy on the left.
Stole it from. ESPN didn't ya
[deleted]
That dog takes after it’s owner, alright.
More like feh.
This increased my lifespan by three years, thank you
I could watch this all day. 
Should invent a channel.
Very sweet!
Who else watched that 4000 times?
A few scenes of this looks like r/accidentalrenaissance
[deleted]
My dog has me trained me to fetch while he supervises.
This made me feel emotional. I lost my dog a couple of months ago and I miss her terribly every single day.

Hugs and boops, you beautiful doggo. 🤗😙❤️
Having paws must be annoying at times, or more specifically the lack of hands.

My dog watches me effortlessly open doors and pick stuff up and etc and i can tell he wants to try having hands lol.

But then having paws is awesome at times too.
Why do i see no upvotes
I love that dog
Cutie booty!
I play that with my dog molly we refer to  it as playing pass.
What a good boi
I watched this 3 times before I realized it was a loop. Pure joy.
It’s like a little game of pinball
Neither of my dogs is this coordinated...
Dogs are the best.
Holy heck, this dog just resonates with me.
This dog is my spirit animal
I love him.
In the future we will have cyborg pinball machines like this
so precious and wholesome, oh mah heart <3
Golden’s are magical creatures.
Mike Trout?
This boy has not logic than us.
That’s amazazing
Must be so frustrating not having hands.
How did you get that sweet golden to do that? Lots of time on the floor, just playing?
This makes my heart happy
This is the best thing I've seen! My lazy ass labrador would LOVE this! But expect treats after every "fetch"
This is my spirit animal!
I have a border collie. Send help.
This dog is most definitely not spoiled at all. Has it ruff.
Same
'alright, if I have to'
Hahahah
That dog is my spirit animal
This is clearly a representation of the oh so classic--- "I'm not drunk, I can still hang, you gonna pass out---oh no-- I got this"
That dog is so adorable and makes me wanna cuddle with him/her ❤️
That is unbelievably adorable!
My kind of dog
I like how he follows fetch rules where he needs to put it in his mouth for it to count as fetch.. Never thought about it but yeah technically that's true.. Otherwise it be "passing" the ball..
The amount of love in this video is heartwarming and exactly what I need right now. Play on, pupper!
I sense a pool game opportunity here involving mattresses, 6 pockets, several tennis balls and horizontal play.
This is absolutely adorable.
Adorable!
Hahaha!!...I love it!!...that’s awesome!
I miss my golden so much :(
 I like their aesthetic
This is my life
do you have to train your dog to play like this? mine would just get up and prance around
How drunk is your doggo rn?
Perfect in this heat haha
I wish I could up vote this more than once.
Can't you see the dog just wants his hooman to use his mouth too?  He is clearly upset.
Should be a perfect loop!
My lab used to do this too, he would chuck balls at us when we chucked them at/for him. He had this weird quirk where he absolutely had to be playing fetch at all times. His life was one continuous game of fetch that never ended. Even when he started getting too old to play, he would do this.
💚
Thank you for this, I had a tough day and this made me feel better
Too lazy for lazy fetch
When I lay down with our corgi like that trying to do the same thing his energy doubles rather than relaxes.
That is so freaking cute.
I love you and your pup! Super jealous! 🤔😘
Oh my... I wish I were you man!!!
Your dog is amazing haha.
Was just going to post a question on AskReddit about what to do when you are lazy.....got the answer!
Best human -Dog duo I've seen in a long time.
This is how I wish my dogs wanted to play fetch after my work days. Instead, they want to be outside in heat near what I want to escape after work.
Edit: they also want to lick all of the work flavors off of me until my skin is raw.
That boop pass was amazing
This is how a conversation with you feels like. u/sputniksweeetheart
That dog is amazing!
I miss my dogs at my parents house
That is awesome
Awesome videos!
Dogs are the best.
‘Lazy fetch’ love it!
This is the best dog video I have ever seen on Reddit.
Better passes than my soccer teammates
What kind of dog is that?
Tooo hot, must conserve energy but also must play with my hooman.... This right here is awesome ❤
This dog is my spirt animal
Hekken lazy floof
I wish my dog would do this. Instead he insists on fetching about 5 times in 90 degree weather till i let him in to drink and lay under the couch
This deserves all of the upvotes.
But those paws......
That’s how my cat, Monroe likes to play catch
Omg I love him
“The ball's just right there. Why don’t you just...get it.”

“But we’re playing fetch.”

“I know but...it’s right there. I got it and brought it back to you.”

“You just kind of let it go and let it roll around a bit.”

“That’s fetch, right?”

“Not traditionally.”
He's a gentleman AND a goodboittoo? Oh my goodness...my heart is breaking!
This reminds me of that video where some lions are playing ball at a very low energy level...

Edit: This: https://youtu.be/r05k1yFTDdU
Ahh... goldens.... just... goldens.
Not to sadden up the place, but just lost my dog nearly 2 weeks ago and would give anything to play fetch with him again....cherish these times.
Haha my doggos lazy fetch :) https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/8cbakj/early_signs_of_laziness/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app
Hey they are showing the same spirit !
Awwww those cute little paws!!
So cute!
This is pure.
Mood
Sooo cute!!
That is so funny
This...

Is...

ADORABLE!!
Minimalistic pupper on a quantum level!
This is the best. I don't know why it's so funny. 😁
PRECIOUS just PRECIOUS!
My dog got up and went in the other room. She was not in the mood for my shenanigans
One of the goodest doggos I've ever seen
soooo cute! ❤️
If I were a dog this would be me.
That is adorable
Aw
Well now I’m all for global warming if this is the expected result.
This is so adorable!
I could watch them all day!
This dog is the best dog!
Things like this is 100% why I joined the reddit community I completely LOVE this!
I could watch a live cam of just this for hours
That dog plays catch like my dad after his stroke.
I have a Papillon whose natural fur is about that thick. Except that I give her a buzz cut about three or four times per year. With this, she only pants heavily when standing out in the summer sun for 15 or 20 minutes instead of collapsing. No idea what a Golden Retriever looks like with a buzz cut but cannot be much "worse" than a Papillon. In fact, I'd say a Papillon with a buzz cut is pretty fetching; just a different look from the standard heavily adorned look!
I love this!
Beautiful golden. Amazing sweet dogs.
I died from cute overlo.....
Wholesome content🥰
Best thing I’ve seen all day!
um don’t mean to get thirsty but the guy in this video is super cute
My dog would literally stare at me.
This dog is my spirit animal
This is so hot right now
That little paw bump at the end. Gaahhhh
My heart
This looks like mike trout
Summer too hot. Mm
As he does the last tap he’s going ‘this is lame’
You two broke the internet
Dogs just doing it to please you . Like a depressed parent.
This is me when I’m trying not to be depressed
The laziest and goodest boi
Maybe give your poor lad a summer shave
The dog is just like bruh...
I have pics of my dogs on Instagram if anyone wants to see @b.rannda
We used to do this when my buddy had an injury. Still satisfying, even if it’s not “normal” fetch.
Efficiency is just clever laziness.
Mondays
Anyone see a pinball game?
Awwww
Stop trying to make fetch happen, Gretchen!
So it is like lazy Tony Soprano sex....
THIS IS UNFUCKINGBELIEVABLY CUTE.
Lovely dog,, playing.
That is hilarious. You are playing “My ball your ball” like I do with my rottie.
This is the heart warm I needed today ❤️ . Golden Retrievers are just beautiful, social  creatures.
We have a golden and now I want like ten Golden's.
This is so fetch!
Thats awsome
I so wish my dog would be happy with this. My border collie will never allow it though.
That is a cat
lezi boi
2d fetch
We dont deserve dogs!
Omg so cute!
I have sex with large chicken
This by far, the most adorable thing I've seen in a while now. Thank you for sharing you cuties!
It’s like doggy pinball!
I could do this all day.
This is love.
The human's little smile when Pup finally sends the ball back the 2nd time. So sweet.
What if this is actually a dog that’s disabled and that’s how the owner plays with him.
Dog pinball is adorable.
80k upvotes in SIX hours!? Holy crap.
This was just what I needed at 2:00 AM.
And then quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
Now that made me laugh!!
This’s Nice I need a dog like this
Where can i get a lazy puppy like that??
So precious
I thought it was With a little arrow
r/BetterEveryLoop
adoreable
so cute. my heart is melting
Well, they said you have to master the basic to be a pro
That's a riot!
My dog does the exact same thing haha I love it
I would die for this dog.
Thank you for this
I love this
[deleted]
Hilarious ;D
I love that look somewhere in the middle like: "It's right here Peter, you can just grab it yourself"
Who is a good boy?
Golden retrievers are soo smart. My pits would’ve never figured out the backhand.
Smart and beautiful dog!!!
That first paw move is everything. I actually thought he would stop at that.
This is the uplifting post I need for the long festivities this week! Thank you very much!
This goldie is my spirit animal <3
IT BOOPED THE DOGGO’S NOSE!
My life is complete.
*insert snoop dogg meme holding sign that says “this is the cutest shit I’ve ever seen”*
I just feel like laying down with them at this point
Why are golden retrievers so amazing?
How did you teach this? I'd love to have a mentally stimulating came like this for my border Collies but they usually have hyped up energy
r/bettereveryloop
That’s not fetch that’s catch!
do g
I play a very similar game with my cat haha, though she rarely rolls it back on purpose...
100% me that dog
I wan watch that for hours
My dog loves lazy fetch
Are you in Phoenix? I won't Doggo until after 8pm. Even at that hour, the pavement is still hot.
100k Upvoots!
100k upvotes and 500 comments... this post is legendary
I had to stop giving my dog tennis balls as the abrasive fur was causing his teeth to wear down when he chewed them.  I swapped them with rubberized chuck it type and he's been fine since.  The vet explained that the tennis ball fur is like a scrubbing cloth that you would use on dishes.
Doggo pong
This makes me want a dog soooo bad
Im living in Russia, and here too cold outside and inside ;) 
But under the blanket warm 😌😌
Im with my dog warmind under blanket
P.S ( sorry guys if i writing with mistakes, i know English not very good). :(
Mood
106K upvotes?  It's not enough!
This is quite possibly the most adorable and wholesome clip I've seen in a very long time! 😍
This is living. 😁
OMG. Press AZ-5!!
Uhhhhh 109k upvotes. TEACH ME
My dog loves to fetch. Not too big on the "give" mechanic
u/gifreversingbot
I love this so much
OMG! 😂😂😂
I'll catch, you throw this time. Let's do it sideways on the floor for once.🐾🐾💜☮🙏
I just wanna see his wagging tail.
I walk a corgi and we do a mix of walk outside, playing in the yard, playing inside. We’re doing less yard, more inside RN
take. roll.
Dogs. Always entertaining critters. :) ❤️❤️❤️
that is so adorable!
Its been 10 minutes and I am still looking at this..
Wholesome af
I wish my dog liked to play. All she ever wants to do is roughhouse.
That is the laziest thing I have ever seen lmao
Now that's just too funny
Yah here it's to humid all the time
 H
This made my day
Thanks
Love how he just pushes the tennis ball to you instead of waiting for you to grab it out of his mouth
they're just 2 bros chilling
 L
That dogs probably thinking "why does my human always want to play fetch." Doesn't look like his favorite.
the way it nodded its head towards the ball
This is really cute!
boop
This looks like pinball
Somehow this reminds me of pong 😂
The canine alternative to /r/LazyCats.
me getting my remote to turn the tv up every three seconds because my damn cat wont shut up
That little boop to send the ball back over
[reminds me of thing old Chestnut / classic](http://imgur.com/r/gifs/LYzZsxu)

If for some reason that link does not work, try this one. It's the cat laying on its side, lazily rolling a ball in a toy gif.

http://imgur.com/r/gifs/LYzZsxu
Ball is life
Such good bois!
:)
I wish I had one
What a sweet pup!
This is amazeballs
Your majestic doggy is identical to the one our neighbours had when I was a kid. We had a labradoodle called Emma and they were best buds. This sent me on a nostalgy ride! Emma has an actual grave with a cross and all and I'll be sure to visit it it tomorrow!
carbon monoxide
u/sadw0rm
that is SO cute
That’s adorable!!!!!!
I'm a big fan of this dog.
And this is why I like dogs more than people.
I love this
 This is when you become one! He also carries the ball in his mouth!
TOO CUTE!
I think I could watch this all day!
hav bal wil snoot
The invention of Pong™ (1973, colorized)
Aww
Please repost in what's wrong with your dog
If you pretend the dog is teaching him how to play with a tennis ball 🎾 It makes it better 😃
Fucking doggos
That’s about the greatest thing I’ve ever seen. If only my boy would do that.
r/gifsthatendtoosoon
Dis is my hooman.  He like to play throw the ball, but is too hots outside for ball throwz. Doggo god knowz I spoilz him but he so derpy and cute I cannot stops myselfs
My daily routine when we wanna decide who is doing the dishes with my husboo.
I do this with my cats. We play lazy, soft paw games with feathery toys as we all recline on pillows. Best part of any day
This is my favourite doggo on the internet
Someday I shall reach that level of laziness
The level of understanding is awesome.
Omfg so cute 😍
This is soooo cute. Your dog is beautiful. It is a great game too.
The fact that this dudes dog is so well trained to actually play with him like this is amazing
Whoa
If I could upvote this a million times more I would.
Dogs are smarter than we think, I think.
u/vredditdownloader
I want a dog right now :'(
Bucks ydib no
Well I get g-suite messages on my phone to remind I’ve got a double period of history which I only check when I’m off school
 /r/Bvvhgec
This post doest have nearly enough updoots
Muda
[removed]
