Good to see Salem working again. I know he fell into hard times with fame and drug use
No tiny hard hat, not OSHA compliant
I love this. Hanging with the shop kitty as I type this! Might get her one too but I will likely bleed trying to get it on her. 

Cat tax - https://i.imgur.com/ZrdI47s.jpg
He’s the architect
r/catswithjobs
Still needs mini steel toe cap boots for each of the 4 paws.
High-viz is short for high visibility, not "high-visual"
_visibility_
Fake.  Where are the other six cats smoking cigarettes watching the work?
"Day 12. This strange tribe of hoomans have accepted me as their supreme leader, and have presented me with clothing befitting my station. All is well. I expect offerings from their food boxes will be forthcoming."
Kitty's missing its safety glasses, tsk tsk.
He is the Site Furman.
Preventing a catastrophe
He was found on the construction site, adopted and given a job.
The man who got the jacket on the cat lost a lot of blood, but is expected to make a full recovery!
Isn’t it high visibility?
As someone who lives with a similar creature made of negative space, I need to get one of these vests for her too.

She is so hard to see that that it leads to much shenanigans and chaos for all involved.
Chairman Meow
[deleted]
[deleted]
Shit, foreman is on the job! Look busy!
[Everyone liked that]
Don't know what I love more,  that these guys cared enough to protect kitty or that the vest fits perfectly.
If  i don´t recall  wrong , he is a chilean cat. Also he has a identification card with a front pic of his face and  his roll as a worker in the construction  site  like " security staff" or something like that. He achieve more than I  lol
No need for a fall harness.
r/catswithjobs
Looks like my buddy I just lost this week. Made me smile a little bit after a tough week 😌
Did they give it a cigarette and stand around with it for hours
Who said only dogs could have jobs? Probably a dog
This is the kind of wholesome shit a bunch of guys will come up with if you leave them alone for any length of time.
Isn’t this the kitty that was found on the site and was given the job of foreman?
Imagine how many limbs were lost putting the vest on that cat. . . A moment of silence please.
All you need to do is train the cat to lean against a ahovel
[deleted]
/r/HumansBeingBros
this is so cute......... look at him
And there's a 50/50 chance the cat hates him for it.
The Boss says get back to work, MEOW!
The cats the foreman.
Highly-Visible.
Wholesome
This made my day.
The cat is the foreman
Salem?
Alright boys, today we are going to Catnip the water line above bedroom One and Four. Come to meow if you have any questions.
I thought that was two pictures, and spent way too long looking for the invisible high vis cat in the bottom half.
* high visibility
Is it just me thinking r/cuteguyswithcats would appreciate this pic?
This made my day.
Just another body to stare at the 1 guy that's working.



Edit: Sorry, thought it was road construction.
+20 visibility +0 Defense
No tiny hard hat, not OSHA compliant.
That cat is totally posing. Like a boss
He is ROCKING IT. I love it 😂
r/catswithjobs
Where is his hard hat?
He will have fun hunting lol
I think it might need more than a high vis jacket to protect it lol
Purrject manager
Even the cats are protesting against Macron.
Bruce Banner at his day job
r/catswithjobs
The mob is also collecting a pay check for him.
Supurrvisor is OSHA compliant.
But where’s his hard had
construction camo
Cats are natures building inspectors
Plot twist:

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

The cat is the manager, they're building a cat park
Not fun fact: He's the worst offender when it comes to cat-calling.
Not sure if this belongs in r/humansbeingbros or r/animalsbeingbros.
Literally said awwwww. How appropriate.
r/catswithjobs
not all heroes wear capes, sometimes, they wear construction vests
And what was the hiring process like? ”How much do you know about construction?” 

Cat:Meowwwww
That's so cute! I want one for my black cat.
Yes this is what I need
Is anybody wearing a white shirt on that construction site? Tell him to hide or reddit will come for him
wish i could get my cat to wear literally anything.
r/humansbeingbros
High visibility. Not high visual.
Thats adorable
because that’s what heroes do
my cat would just fall on the side with a vest on
Wondering if they had a cat sized hi vis jacket just in case or if it was made special...it's very cute
Great hazard identification guys! Keep up the good work!
This wouldn't even help my cat who likes to hang out right behind my feet when I'm standing in the kitchen, ready for when I make a backstep towards the fridge.
This is so good on so many levels, not least of which is the workers have safety in mind, even if they are having a small joke around.
r/osha
[Everyone Liked That]
Surprised it's stayed on
9 lives weren't enough?
Everyone liked that
Just awww
*dEr ToOk Er JeRbS*
This...does put a smile on my face
They make them cat-size? Or did he just get lucky it was “take your small child to work day”?
/r/OSHA
There is literally no planned building work in my area and she’s a mostly indoor cat but I want this for my panther too.
OP, it's called a Hi-Vis, not a high visual.  Lol.

"How do you do, fellow construction workers.  Look at my new high visual!"
It is going to be a little harder to hunt now.
the mailman in my area has his cat with him on his rounds, they live in the area and it'll fuck off and do its thing but it will go back and find it's master on his route and jump on his bicycle.

It's a real treat to meet them and this cat will poke it's head out the front bag and smell you, and he knows me now so he will stay but first months he would just scurrey away:) it's super adorable.

He doesn't have the postal atire though, but that's how I imagine him, in his mailman cap and vest without pants :)
Cat then proceeds to fall over every five feet it travels. At least they will all see it.
High visibility*
Because that's what hero's do
Now put him to work
Hi-vis is high-visibility not visual lol
*everyone liked that*
r/catswithjobs
Where are his ANSI safety glasses
“Hi vis” means high visibility, not visual.  “High visual” doesn’t really make sense
"i'm helping!"
cats always have that look on their face like you just asked if they would help you move next weekend..
Not sure why I read the title as "Hugh Jackman jacket" but needless to say i was very confused for a moment
Damn, that construction guy is kinda hot.
Updoot for the site forecat.
I remember this cat from a [post](https://www.reddit.com/r/wholesomememes/comments/5simgh/this_stray_cat_was_adopted_by_some_chilean/) made two years ago
Genuinely the first time I've heard a high vis jacket being referred to by it's full name.
Peta is gonna be mad
ｓａｆｅｔｙｂｏｙｅ
I hope there's no ladders around...
Nice reflective black hole there
No he’s on the job
This is future, old man.
Highlight vest get that small?
If I wesr one of those, will it protect me from being emotionally hurt?
"Mr. Foreman stuck at the top of the beams again."
Aww. It's nice of them to give hawks/eagles an easier target.
How shall the cat lick itself for cleanliness?
As a thanks you, he taught the construction workers how to cat call
Either that or the health and safety officer is an absolute madlad
This wall needs to hold at least 50 cats, cat bearing wall. Sometimes I feel like that cat is a harder worker than me.
This guy 👏👏👏
Clearly that Cat is the boss of the workers
A construction site where you can walk under a latter AND see a black cat? Too much bad luck.
The the car spent the rest of the day trying to kick it off, or at least mine would
Bold assumption he isn’t just at work
He looks like a good supurrvisor.
It’s so people can see him better when he crosses their path.
Is that mark ruffalo
Damn cat can survive falling off buildings on 29 floor and still survive with minor injuries.
Stretch n flex MVP
I've never heard it called "high visual" and honestly it never even occurred to me that's what the full name was.
What a good man!
oh no fluffy cat not the cement mixer noooo
Wouldn’t that just make it easy for him to get stuck in some tight spot when he is off doing cat stuff?
He looks like Trevor from GTA 5
What with the orange vest on the human? We had to replace ours with the new yellow. The cat is ok human isn't.
I think that's the supervisor.
eric roberts loves cats and construction
That man doesn't look like a construction worker
The question is how'd they coaxed the cat into complying with ohs
I’ve never seen it written as ‘high-visual’ :’)
"It" ?!?!??!?!
r/humansbeingbros
It's part of the demolition crew
High-Visual jackets... is that what they’re called? I’ve heard reflective vests, but I still call them road-guard vests.
r/Humansbeingbros
r/PPECats
All the rats birds and mice will rejoice. Now all he needs is a bell.
Hope the cat wont walk in the newly casted floor
Black cats r the nicest.
So many cats so few recipes
OSHA Approves
But still working at high elevation without fall arrest or fall restraint?
What? No hard hat?
Also to make sure he doesn’t walk under any ladders.
Looks like they have a new foreman!
Where do you get one of these?
Safety first!
Yellow People don't need something like that the ray from alone
High visibility but close bud
Tried a safety harness, turns out he didn’t need it...
I love that the jacket fits the kitty 👍🏼
Where is this? I think I know that guy.
I met a guy who worked at a forest plantation who painted his dogs tail fluorescent yellow so that when he was operating the vehicles he could see his dog running around in front.
Aww that’s nice
You're now Osha approved!
r/catswithjobs
Safety first!
Hola me ayudan
So precious
I swear I recognize that worker, what’s his name?
Is it bulletproof though?
Cute and a good idea
I so love this.
Eeee! So so cute and such a wonderful idea. Ideally they'd remove the cat from the work site so it doesn't get hurt or in the way, but I'm not sure what the case is here so I think the vest is perfect for kitty.
Ian mcshane?!?
Shouldn't he be wearing a hard hat too?
OMG SO CUTE
Safety would be happy
Always be safe
Extremely  adorable!
Mark Ruffalo being sweet
Safety first.
So now the cat can get in anywhere?
That’s a PT vest. 

Source: was in the army
This looks like my cat, Dexter. So cute
This is awesome 😂😂
Just like Rolf the Warwick University campus cat! 😎
Just a heads up it's high visibility not visual
When did Mark Ruffalo start construction work
Cute and awesome as hell!! 😄
black lives matter
I'm glad he's back after that big divorce
Wow this would be perfect material for r/catswithjobs
M mrd
Rl.8mmmn mn l l. m l.
okay so my cat is black and goes outside a lot and we have a mega construction going on nearby where was this taken he might be mine
I love this energy.
66.6k upvotes
r/humansbeingbros
Thoughtful & caring
Ces sales gilets jaunes, ils sont vraiment partout
Somebody already took the cat name "OSHA"
Everyone liked that
Because that’s what heroes do
Somebody give that cat a hardhat
Why is that cat not falling over like mine does whenever we put a garment on him?
wow--yeah!

&#x200B;

I have a black cat, and she absolutely vanishes
High-visibility**
I still can't believe the fucking stigma to black cats. God damn man.... how can people still be superstitious in this day and age?
oh really smart idea
And the cat was like #MeToo
So we are just going to ignore Mark Ruffalo there...
brb, posting on /r/photoshopbattles
Here's my poor man's award 🎖️🏅🏆🥇🥈🥉
That's so jokes
Such a handsome fella in his work vest :)
But not a hard hat?
Is that Billy Bob Thorton???????????
More like so no one accidentally hurts it. It can still def get hurt on a construction site...
Construction Cat
cause that's what heroes do
And that my friends is how you gain a familiar.
Damn, he looks so sharp!
The cat probably had a terrible attitude about it anyway.
Ok I really love this. A lot
I got nine. Ya know, got some to spare. 
How many do you ?
Looks like he's told a cracker of a joke to the bloke next to him
Cat's actually from Chile and was algo given an ID
Good on them, marking the void so we can all stay safe
Now how is that cat gonna get that off?
He's the job site supervisor now. #willwork4chimkin
What about emotionally ?
r/Catswithjobs
He not got little booties on if on site no booties no work
r/mademesmile
Everyone liked that
Yeees, this pleases me
/r/OSHA
He looks like the homeless man with a really radiophonic voice.
This screams r/catswithjobs
I’m surprised that the cat let them put it on in the first place
Safety fuurst.
Dunno why they orange is for high visibility. Doesn't. Stand out during the day well
Those two look like they are cat calling.
Don't forget to use a safety helmet, its very important!
I want to know how they got it on....
And if it’s anything like my black cat it’ll absolutely hate it.
That's the safety inspector
Which one is judging how the others are working harder??
Plot twist: He’s actually the supervisor
IQ 1000
Visibility
I wonder if he cat calls?
INSPECTOR BABIES!
Nice
Everyone liked that
That’s not going to help him creep up on any prey !!
I didn’t even see the cat, I thought they were talking about the man in orange i was like I bloody well hope they gave him protection in a construction site.
Excuse you he’s the site manager
why does he look like the actor for the hulk but older
Someone please find that hardworking bb a matching hardhat 👷🏿‍♀️
Safety first mister kitty!
That's friggin' awesome
Lol why dose that remind me of bob the builder cat version
This is so cute!
u/lexmichelle94 crosspost to r/OSHA
OSHA Approved
"OK, break time's over. Back to work meow!"
The jacket might actually interrupt the cats natural movements which may lead to it getting hurt. Cats are very aware of their surrounding. This is stupid.
Doesn't high-vis mean high visibility?
I think you mean "high-visibility jacket".
The cat is going to just lay down where they are trying to work.
Fits like a glove!
The cat is the foreman. They're building it a giant cat tree.
Muda
Somebody had to take the time to make that fit. That makes me so happy!
All lives matter
TIL the word "High-Visual jacket".
Construction workers are the worst thing that has ever happened to America. We’d be better off with out them.
