Pretty sure ace loves him too.
That kid needs a cat
*EDIT: I just wanted to say thank you to everyone’s kind words about Ace. I’m sorry I can’t reply to everyone, but it made me smile reading all of the replies and stories. I’m glad we were able to share some smiles today! Also, thank you for the Gold and Silver awards! Ace is cuddled up to me right now, about to go to bed, but I let him know that he’s famous!*

For those asking, here’s Ace and his brother Ramsey. 

https://m.imgur.com/a/0KBzOQe

We adopted them as kittens, and both have one eye due to infection/illness they contracted as strays when they were born. 

Ramsey is partially blind, but he’s such a sweet heart and my best friend. His brother Ace has such a big personality, he’s a sweetie too. He likes to sit on the front porch and watch the neighbors. Everyone knows who Ace is!

When looking at our cameras, we found that our kid neighbor visits almost every day!

We asked him about it, and he thought he was in trouble but we quickly explained that he’s welcome to visit whenever he wants.

It melted my heart and made me smile, so I wanted to share :)
I’m a grown man, and I’d totally plop down in somebody’s driveway to hang out with their cat. No shame. 😎
[deleted]
Cats are gonna cat.  The boy sits calling Ace over.  Ace comes out acknowledges the boy but says nope you're coming over here and plops down with an adorable show of playfulness. Boy comes to cat and moment is had.
I love how he waits for the cat to come to him. He doesn't rush the cat or anything. He definitely knows what he's doing! ❤️
And the kid is wearing his bike helmet! What a good role model for the cat!
That's adorable!!!! Who doesn't love it when kids and cats get along!
That kid was like, “hey kitty! Come to me!” Then the cat was like, “lol naw man, you come to me and give me my pets — remember this is my neighborhood, Timmy. You do as I say.”
Is Ace always outside or does he go out around when the kid rides up?
What a nice kid and Ace knows it!
Kid seems very respectful of both your property line and Ace, this is so cute!
As a kid, there were always those summer days when friends were out of town or unable to play. I bet seeing your kitty gives him a friend during those lonely moments!
up
hey, buddy, wanna hang? becuz i got nowhere to be

i really kinda like it when you stop by to see me

i'm waiting til you ride up on your bike now, everyday

i'm really kinda hopin'  that you just stop by n play....

i only have one eye, but, friend - i got an eye on you

n when i see you coming, well i hope you see me, too!

there's something kinda special bout the way i feel your touch

so if you'd come more often, friend

i'd like it

*very* much!

❤️

^edit: ^hopin'
This is pure sweetness. Side benefit: looks like you've got a nearby cat-sitter if you ever need one.
As a guy who never been a fan of cats until he actually lived with one (or my situation, three), that kid needs a cat.

Cats are easier (probably the wrong word I would use) to take care of compared to dogs.

Just my two cents, I love both and already planned getting both once I have my own place to stay.
I believe you can tell a lot about a person by how they interact with a pet when they don't think anyone is watching. That's a good kid.
Ace is quite the flirter.
I’ve been suicidal for years. Particularly tonight

I watched this video and I got a lot of good feelings from it
Special friendship ❤️
Ace is saying "let's play over here away from the dangerous street kiddo friend. "
Ace even accepts the belly scritches...I think he likes his neighbor friend!
This is the wholesome content the internet needs. 

&#x200B;

I also love how he initially stops at the sidewalk like he doesn't want to come onto your driveway, but when he realizes the cat isn't moving, he just takes the plunge and goes to her.
Best thing I’ve seen all day
My cat does the same plop
Ah yes, the feline flop of love.  Know it well!
This is wholesome af
These [boys](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G1OHXvZFMPg) need to get together...
We had a boy cat who'd been found with his sisters in an abandoned car on the coldest day of the year. They were about ten days old. I was at work and during my break took them to my parents 

I lived on my own with three cats but worked full-time and couldn't take care of them around the clock like they needed. My father was *so* happy I didn't take them back. They grew up beautifully. 

Susie was a sweetheart but scared of loud noises. Hobbes was a chonker who didn't care about much beyond pets and food. And then there was Calvin. They were all lovely and friendly but Calvin was *amazing*.

Dad would sit on the porch for hours while reading newspapers and listening to news-talk radio. And Calvin would be out there with him. Sometimes on the porch, but mostly on the lawn under the Japanese maple. He'd venture up and down the block but never too far and would usually come back when called. Once in a while he'd be particularly stubborn and not return immediately... and Dad would get the hose. 

Anyway. All this to say that Calvin was outside pretty much every day from mid-March until early November. All the neighbors knew him and quite a few kids loved him (he was very friendly). There was one little boy, we never knew his name, who would stop to pet Calvin every time he passed the house usually twice per day. This went on for some years. We watched him grow from about 6 or so until around 12-13. Then he disappeared. 

Years later, a young man about 18 or 19 years old was walking down the street with his friends. When he saw my dad sitting outside he stopped and looked around. He finally called up to my dad asking, "Is this where Calvin lived?" My dad said yes. The young man looked around again and said, "Oh."

My dad then yelled "Calvin! Calvin get up!" And then finally the cat strolled out from under the tree. When the young man saw him, he cried out, "Calvin!" as well. Upon hearing him, Calvin turned towards his voice and then ran to him. While the young man came up the steps talking to him he was also telling his friends, "This is the cat I told you about."

He sat on our sidewalk for some time happily petting Calvin, all the while telling him how much he'd missed him.
Your cat is adorable :)
I love how happy the cat is to see him :D
That is some serious mutual affection! So sweet. You should share with his parents.
"No you come here!"
From experience, that kid one day will make a great partner and father. So thoughtful and loving! Too cute.!

Own experience: marrying a man who redecorated his room with cat wall stencils at age 15, per his own desires and despite his mothers protests, due to his love of cats.
I do this with my neighbors cat too! He comes and visits my front doorstep at night. I have to be careful petting his tummy though, he does the same kind of roll over this cat does and if I pet him in just the wrong way he flips out 🤪
So how long have you been under surveillance?
Come here. No. Too far. You come here.
If this isn’t the cutest shit I’ve seen in a long time
I love that stand off. Kid: I'll sit down and that cat will come to me.  Cat: Watch this.
Flops down 25% of the way and makes human come to him. Typical cat..
That is such a sweet,  smart,  kind child.  I hope he stays that way. Such a gentle boy. 

And Ace? I LOVE the "come-over-here-and-PET-ME-ALREADY" flop.  Such a loveable mug.
Your cat loves the kid!
This was me as a kid. We had pets, but I had 4 legged homeys all over the neighborhood.
One day his children will ask for a pet and they will have cats. Then on one particular afternoon, he will tell them about a one eyed cat that he loved as a child.
Yeah, that cat loves that kid. Aaaweee
Ha! Go to him? As if!!!
Cat always makes you come to him
Looks like Ace looks forward to it too!
Aw Ace clearly loves your neighbor kid too!
“I will not come to you, you will come to me hooman”
I wish I grew up in a neighbourhood like this.
Lol, there is a girl across the street he likes. That look back says it all. Hahaha, seems like a good kid.
Am I the only one who finds security cam videos like this bizarre and uncomfortable to watch? Even if you get permission to post it. It's strange to watch someone who maybe didn't know they were being recorded. It feels like we're cheapening actual joyous moments in life by turning them into content.
He knows how to set up a good cat trap! He must have some experience with them.
I so used to be that kid. Now I pet strange cats the world over.
Just from this I can tell this is a nice well mannered and loving young man. I think he will grow up to be a fine gentleman.  Such a heart warming clip.  The cat is nice too!!
The way the kid just casually sits on his own foot like that makes me feel old.
for no good reason, this is getting me misty-eyed.

I am also a make-friends-with-local-cat kind of person, and the idea that the person who owns that local cat might witness it and think "oh how lovely, my cat has a friend" is great. I always assume that the human either a) knows nothing about my deep, personal relationship with their cat or b) thinks i'm a fucking lunatic cuz i keep telling their cat all my secrets and i'm just some weird lady who walks home past their house every day.

But this is so fucking sweet and makes me feel very good. I hope Ace enjoys the sweet pets and (probable) secrets your neighbor shares with him.
I love it, thanks for sharing. They’re both adorable. You can tell Ace trusts him because he even lets him touch his belly!
This makes me so happy. Like so so happy. I needed this so bad. I love seeing people who just love animals just because.

Last night my 1 year old shiba inu got out and ran onto a busy expressway. He was hit by a car. The woman stopped momentarily and saw me witness the whole thing. I was yelling for her to stop but she fled the scene leaving me to my bruised and roughed up dog. Luckily he miraculously had no broken bones and no internal bleeding. But a vet visit at midnight is not cheap. It really traumatized me to watch him not only get hit but also watch this heartless woman drive off in one of my times of need.

I'm struggling to see the good in humanity today, but this helped
Thanks for reminding about the one eyed kitten I always played with during cigarette breaks at my old job who just disappeared one day.


This started out as a sarcastic "bringing up sad memories" thing but now I feel like I should actually thank you because I'm remembering how much I loved playing with the little guy and sneaking him food from the restaurant.

You're my boy Winkin. You're my boy.
that kid has a nice and pure heart.
They seem to have a strong love
Love children that have compassion and love for animals! Shows that the parents raise them right❤️
Man I miss being on a bike riding around with no responsibilities.  Good stuff.
Making him get up and come to them is such a cat thing to do
I like how the boy is respectful of property, coaxing kitty over.  But kitty says “boy! Over here boy! This my flop spot! I need skritches right here!”
I actually gave one of my cats to a neighbor's kid (5yr old boy.) for this very reason! 
Old Casper had his nuts taken too old and was still a bit of a boss and beating the shit out of my little tux girl.
However, this cat would follow this kid around like a puppy, snuggle in the sun with him, even jump on the trampoline with him. I've never seen anything quite like it and I overwhelmingly felt that while Casper was cool with me too, Casper was not my cat, he belonged to this boy.

I was at a loss because of his behavior and I went to this kids mum and I was like "Hey... So... I've noticed how Timmy and Casper are the best of friends, do you want to adopt Casper?"

She legitimately started crying saying how Timmy begged her daily to ask me about keeping this cat and how it broke her heart that she had to break his and tell him that Casper already had a loving home. She said she would love to adopt Casper and she did.
This is wholesome AF
This is as wholesome as the kid who drops his bike to sneak a hug in with the neighbor’s dog and then rides away. 🥰
Nice to see a kid who is kind and wholesome. Unlike the magnitude of scrotums I see daily, who would rather set fire or hit the cat with a golf club.
Op should talk to the kids parents about getting him a kitten. That would be awesome!!!
I’m not even a cat person but this brightens my day.
My best friend had a neighbor who had a cat I liked. My friend has since moved but another friend lives not too far away & every time I go see the 2nd friend I want to stop & see the cat.
This is precious!
Look at that cat being like "you come to me, peasant" lol super cute though!
That’s nice. The Secret Lives of Kids.
I would did for ace
The Good life.
[deleted]
Looks like Ace loves him too! ❤
Seems like a really great kid...and a sweet kitty too!!
Who the FUCK, started cutting onions.
Awww
Typical cat. “No, you come HERE!”
He's a great kid
my neighbor cat visits me daily
That's adorable omg
What’s up with that creeper car across the street?!
ask him to cat sit for you. that would make his year.
I'm not crying.  You're crying.
That is sweet. I am in a building with mostly elderly ladies. All their little dogs go into "hunter" mode when they see me (I am 46/male). They get very excited. I think it's hilarious. One gnaws on his own leash trying to get away to go with me somewhere. I must be the void they are missing.
>Kid sits down in greeting to cat

>Doesn't approach until cat rolls over in show of trust

Truly, he is speaking the language of gods.
Looks like your cat loves the neighbor kid a lot too! He's so excited to flop down on the ground for him he doesn't know where to do it!
Oh no tiny human, YOU come to me!
Your subservience is noted. 

*flops on ground*

You may approach.
Pet sitter obtained.  Level up.
Cat was like you better come over here and get this
Cat was like no you come here
You can completely tell Ace looks forward to him visiting. So cute
"Time spent with cats is never wasted." - Freud
Ha, Ace is all like "I'm not coming to you, but I do happen to be rolling in your direction, totally unrelated."
I’ve had a very long day, and this is just the best kind of pick-me-up!
OMG I could just cry it's so adorable 🥺
/r/PiratePets
Late to the party, but, my cat was missing for 89 days. She came back on Sunday. We are so happy to have her back! This video just makes me smile! And want to go hug my cat.
Little boys are so wonderful and good,  I'm so blessed with two ... I wish they could hold on to their innocence forever. It breaks my heart that they're going to grow up and grow up.
Notice the cat’s too cool to go to him
Goddamn. Who wouldn't love a cat that just flops on the groundbegging for belly rubs? That's like my kryptonite.
This is adorable, but I'm a little more concerned with the entire family across the street looking creepy
Haha! Cat be like "No, you come to ME small human!"
“Come here!”
“No you come here”
“Ok, coming”
r/eyebleach
boy: "Come 'ere!"

cat: "No, you come here!"
Cat said: I won't come to you you come to me.
That kitty's like, I just can't even walk that far. Come here and give me my massage.
If I was this kid's parent I'd be pissed.  You really shouldn't post videos of other people's children (without their parent's consent) on the internet.
I love how the kid sits down and calls the cat and the cats response is to lay down and be like "nah, you come to me boy." The kid also rolls his head a little bit like the cat has done this before.

Edited - a letter
Kid: \*Sits down. *"Come here, Ace."*

Ace: \*Rolls over. *"No.* ***YOU*** *come here., Kid."*
This gives my heart the feels.. thanks for the smile I needed
this is the shit i like to see.
The cat already knew he was in for some pets when the kid put down his bike.
That's so gorgeous
Get that kid a gift card and share your touching story with his parents.
Awesome. What a nice young man.
This makes me very emotional for some reason
“Come here kitty!”

Ace: “No u”
My dog and I visit two cats on our walks. They're our first stop. Pearl and Midnight. Pearl is an absolute love and comes right over and flops overs and bops my dog. Midnight turns his back and refuses to participate, although he did touch me with his nose once. I'll win him over eventually!
I have that in reverse, the neighbors cat will come over when I'm outside and demand attention, she's the best pet cat Ive never owned
Are those the “bad” big kids in the background?
I want a cat so bad, but the wife isn't having it. She has issues.

She'd rather get a dog (that I will have to take care of), when we are both very busy adults with a 3 year old.

I'm on the verge of just saying fuck it and getting a cat regardless of what she thinks, but she earns more than me and I'm her bitch.

Ugh.

-edit- I had a family member (cat) that would always jump into bed with me when I turned the light off for bed. That cat would massage the shit out of me and I'd pass out. Tigger...miss you.
Outdoor cats > indoor cats
ah fuck. This shit makes me feel all gooey.
I live in a complex I’m not even sure what neighbor it is but they have a cat who i always sit and play with when its outside and always look that way to see if the cat’s around. Really want one but am mildly allergic :’(
r/piratepets would enjoy your kitties
Ace loves him too! Ugh so wholesome.
I'd watch someone pet a cat any day of the week
This is the sweetest. Our neighbor kid just harasses and barks at my dog lol.
Aww Ace absolutely loves him too! 😍
Ace loves him too
I love that the kid politely waits at the end of the driveway but Ace is like “nah, you come to me”.  That’s a power move.
I'd forgotten that I missed being a kid and taking the time to pet all of the neighbors pets.
Sorry if I see this wrong, but I see the cat go half way ( actually much less than half way) and then flop over and say " YOU Must come to me Human" Very dominating. Typical cat. I do love cat's thought. The boy is lucky to be chosen.
I remember rolling around on a NYC street playing with a bulldog when I was kid... my parents were appalled that I was rolling on the ground but man, I still remember that dog 25 years later. Good times!
How quickly that kid ditches their bike to go pet the cat...that’s true love right there.
remember when you were a kid and freedom was real
u/chy0199
Look at all the cool kids in the back. The boy is like nah I’ll hang out with the cat instead.
THIS IS SO SWEET OH MY GOD
I'm absolutely sobbing, this makes me so happy!
That’s a good fuckin kitty right there boys
r/CuddleRoll
It looks like that love is mutual ❤️
These are the heartwarming posts I need to see on the daily
I think your cat loves this kid too!
That's a good kid.
Seems like Ace likes him too.
Oooooh that cat loves him some scritches! <3
What a nice kid. We found out some neighbors used to greet and pet our black lab. Good people.
I love this
Nice friends. Remembering my childhood....  
btw is that police car ?
I love this.
I remember getting day drunk on my friends lawn because we were hosting a yard sale for our fraternity and a cat showed up so I just played with it for an hour or so and then the neighbor eventually came over and thanked me for keeping her cat company or something. We didn’t make a lot of money. I miss those days
Everytime I see a happy cat I wanna cry... it's so precious 😭
Those are some quality flops
weird question, is this in Denver?
The pureness of this made me tear up. Thank you for sharing!
Both are such sweethearts
In the south we call that, “wallerin”
That cat is desperate for belly scraches. He looks exactly like my cat. Boy kitties with those markings  act like they're a puppy 90% of the time.
You can tell a lot about a creature by the way it behaves when it believes no one is watching.
Just awesome......
He’s getting the best scratches right now
Love how about eight people across the street, who may be his family, watch the whole thing. I would also
Looks like the cat loves him too
mah heart. mah soul.
Reminds me of Me and my neighbor’s cat, Ms. Kitty. She’s such a friendly cat and has on multiple occasions tried to come into my duplex. 

I have to turn around when coming home and say, “No I’m sorry you don’t live here miss.” And she stares at me then waltzes away back next door.
This kid makes me want to live his childhood, if just for a moment. There's nothing else in his world right now, no debt, nothing taking from innocence, just this kid, his bike, and a cat.
I love this. 

I also have a one eyed tuxedo cat named Ace, (he lost his eye in a cat fight when he was younger) he is my baby, he’s getting old and can’t get around or go outside as much as he once could. But it warms my heart to see a kitty so similar living his best life. 

I hope your Ace gets all the pets, he deserves them.
" You can pet me, if ya want too." - Ace
Is that an undercover squad car across the street?
So wholesome and adorable! Made my day.
I like how the boy plops down and is like: pat pat pat ...here kitty kitty!

And the cat comes out and plops down 15’ away and is like: no, you.
Get that kid something nice for Christmas
Awww Ace is giving him a lot of happy flops
Typical cat. Wants pets, but wants you to come to them for it hahaha.
Boy - Sits near the bicycle hoping the cat would come to him.
Cat - You Hooman! Come here and pet me.
Boy - Okay
That's so sweet!
the cat is like - "no no, you come to me." lol
 The feeling looks mutual.
I have a 4 block walk through a residential neighborhood to work. Been doing it for 7 years now. I have about 4 cat friends and 2 dog friends I visit (either walking to or walking from work, sometimes both). Definitely a stress reducer for me. If the owners are watching and/or recording me from their homes, then I guess that is ok. I can accept the fact that other people know that I give scritchies to other peoples' critters.
Op your neighborhood makes me nostalgic for my childhood in Virginia Beach with a gaggle of neighborhood kidfriends to play with and talk to and make up games with and argue and build forts and learn to swear and stay out till mom called or the streetlights came on or ride our bikes past where we’re supposed to go. I miss that neighborhood. I hope you guys have lots of kids in your neighborhood for a long time.
It warms my soul to see animals getting the love they deserve from neighbors too! Especially the children lately.  All I keep seeing are these videos of kids sneaking up to get a hug, pet the dog/cat or hang out with them.
I love the cat's flop and then scooch- scooch- scooch across the pavement 😂
What's that other gang of youths doing?
Had a cat in my neighborhood named Wraith when i was about this kids age. Followed me to my house one day after i just started pettin him in his drive way and i immediately knew he was a good kitty. Havent seen him in about six years, but these are the things you never forget about your neighborhood. This kids makin memories right here!
What a squirmy lovely cute cat!
Boy: Come here kitty kitty kitty.

Xat: No! You come here and give me scratches.
Aww. I love this video so much. What a great kid. And cat!
My neighbor has a Blue Tick Hound that visits me often he will just bust through the door and hang out for about 15 minutes and then leave. Very friendly and very polite the big horse is.
I guess nobody's going to comment on the FBI vehicle across the street staking the place out?
I would give that kid the biggest bag of Halloween candy from Ace.  What a gem.
You know what you have to do. Adopt the boy.
I like how he tried to be polite by sitting on the sidewalk and waiting for the cat to come near him cuz it's not his house. But the cat started to roll around and play so he just said screw it and went for it.
This looks so wholesome.. Maybe one day I get to have kids that will be this affectionate, I didnt have a childhood, had to be an adult fromma very early age, so seeing these things always gets go me.
Now THAT'S a happy cat!
I have a dog named ace! It’s great seeing other people get joy out of pets
I'm sobbing, I love the floppy flops and cuddlerolls 😭😭
1. That’s a good kid who is gonna be a stand up dude his whole life. 
2. Pretty sure he got a belly rub in there without getting attacked.
Aww, im glad they both love to hang out
That is such a good kid.  Literally drops his bike to give the kitty some cuddles. The fact that he shows up almost daily is awesome. :)

My neighbor has a cat that always follows me after I park and I can’t help but sit down on  the curb to pet her.  Love my furry buddies.
I'M NOT CRYING YOU'RE CRYING 😭😭😻
I was so mesmerized by the sight of Ace and your neighbor, I didn't even notice that crowd in the background. What the heck's going on there?
I like the phrasing "our kid neighbor".
I love how the kid sits down and the cat is like yeah nahh that's too far to walk you come here
Ace totally cane out to see him. This is adorable. Sweet boy right there :)
[deleted]
I do the exact same thing with cats.

I sit, they ignore me and then I have to go to them to give them love. It’s great.
Kid sits down and pats his legs like come here kitty.

Cats like "I'm a cat. That's not how this works" and lays down knowing the human will come to him.
I love this kid. He reminds me of a friend of mine who I would catch just sitting on my drive stroking my cat all the time. 

When he came over we'd get halfway up the stairs to my room and he'd stop to stroke the cat so we'd end up sat on the stairwell and have our conversations there for like 20 minutes. 

He later told me he was really depressed and that cats just made him happy for some reason. After that, my cat had babies, we kept one and we let him name it. He called it something ridiculous - it was a made up word at the time - but we stuck with it. 

To this day we still walk around calling that cat the silly name.
This could be the highlight of both their days, pretty awesome!
Typical human cat stand off. Human goes 10%, cat takes parabolic curve to 20 then -10, human goes 100%.
typical cat...you come to me human :)
When your security cameras show love you didn’t know about ❤️❤️
That's a good kid, and Ace knows!
I love how he waits until the cat "invites him" in!
Is his full name ‘Ace of Hearts’? ‘Cause he’s got mine! Such a sweet boy and cat.
This bromance has been going on for a while they even established a routine with rituals
🥺♥️ my heart
how is he feeling the softness and warmth of cat through them gloves!
If parents of that kid are watching, please give that kid a kitten.
Look at baby rolling on the ground, so happy. <3
I fricken love this!
Dang your cat is so floppy and wobbly. That's cute as heck.
I always love how when cats are *really* enjoying getting pet it looks like they’re have a seizure.
Meanwhile the responsible kids at the back of frame are trying to figure out how to save Hawkins from the Mindflayer.
I fucking love these
That cat loves that kid
That's a top kid, I'd give something to his parents for him as a thank you for being so nice to your furry family member.  
That way they can ok it and also get to be proud of them for being a top kid.
This reminds me of my last cat. At the time, we lived in a corner house, near an elementary school. He would wait on the sidewalk every afternoon, waiting for all the kids to stop and pet him on their walk home. I miss him.
Wow, when I was a kid people used to come outside and yell at me for doing this :( lol
The cat look excited
I love thissss
damn this kiddo walking toward the cat his movements look very gentle to me
In sweden its illegal to have cameras over the road like this lol
Looks like that cat knows the drill by now
What's up with the summoning circle happening across the road?
"lol no human, you come to me" - cat
THIS IS SO DAMN CUTE!!! This is the stuff that keeps me going, thanks for sharing OP ❤️
This is so pure <3
That kid is a great boy.
Petting a friendly cat is so underappreciated
I like the part where ace gets the rollies.
17 freaking rewards!
Great little friendship.❤
r/piratepets
A good kid that has yet to be corrupted by this evil world we live in.
I wish my cat was this supercuddly. My cat is supercuddly for 5 sec, after that it's time to destroy my hands..

Eventho i stop cuddling him and move away, he chases me to fk my hands/myself up.
kitty likes belly rubs!
I love that Ace makes him come to him
Everyday scritches are the best scritches.
It's clear to me that Ace loves kid neighbor too :)
Notice, the cat makes him come to him/her. The feline powers are undeniable.
Is it weird that I’m confident this kid will be a good person his whole life just from watching this small clip?
Thank you so much for sharing ❤
Nobody sees the fbi across the street?!
That kid speaks cat language. So cute.
No...You come here.  *flop* *flop* *flippty flop*
r/MadeMeSmile
Somebody get this kid a cat ASAP!
He practiced proper kitty petting etiquette, under-appreciated in these times of strife.
No, you come to ME if you want your hand pets.
Cats just *know*. Great video; it's a relief to see something wholesome now and then.
This was me as a child.

Heck, this still is me
This is the perfect example of the cat saying "No, you come to me."
That kid is going to grow up from an amazing boy to an amazing man!! I feel like how someone interacts with animals is the best giveaway for the type of person they are
This is too cute ❤️
“Cats aren’t as affectionate as dogs” this proves that totally depends on the individual cat. What a sweetheart!
Omg a kid on a bike roaming his neighborhood and interacting with something as little as a cat like this is something you don't see anymore these days. Something about the way he just dumps the bike reminds me of my childhood pulling up to the park or something where everyone is at
hey , just a though but it would be nice to strap some pocket money to the cats collar , with a note saying something like "for the kid that comes to play with me everyday, thank you". that would be very wholesome \^\_\^
That is so sweet
Wtf was going on at the neighbor's house?
Looks like Ace loves the attention from him.  So cute.
This is so wholesome
Awesome kid and very cool of you to let him visit Ace.
So sweet!
I’d do this as a 32 year old man. Which is socially weird. And that bothers me.
And your kitty loves him
Ace seems to like him pretty well too.  Good kid.  Good cat.
The Panda-race of cats always love them some concrete rolls!
Can’t you see? *This* is how they get you! You’re a slave!
This is an amazing true gesture of affection and lo
Love
There’s hope for humanity.
God bless all good humans
And all innocent animals
I love this peaceful moment.
Reminds me of our friendly neighborhood cat. Super nice and gets real happy when he sees familiar faces like my brother and I. Also I would often see him walk a kid and his mom to the nearby elementary  school in the mornings🥺
Where’s that damn upvote button
This.....this puts a smile on my face
Cat stalker!
Not many of these posts make me audibly "aww", but this is one of them. The way that kid waits for Ace to notice him and welcome the attention is utterly heartwarming.
What a cute video!
That kids an ACE!
Need to live here
Such a typical cat. Making you come it it lol
Kids are the best
After reading about all the horrific shit with Epstein, this was a nice change of pace I needed. It settled my rage for a bit. Thank you.
I'm crying. That's adorable
Adorable!
My kid neighbor hit my cat work a stick.
My cat is named ace as well
Guess the feeling is mutual
Do you ever invite him in?
I love your one-eyed cat Ace too and I would visit the shit outa him if I was your neighbor
I want a cat to trust me like that
"No, YOU come to ME, slave." - cat, probably
Awww what a sweet kid and a sweet kitty. 🥰
Typical cat , doesn’t come all the way to get attention. Knows it can get you to come to him/her
It's too late to be this emotional. This is so wholesome and kind-hearted.
You can tell that Ace loves him too..the way he let's him rub him all over. One of my cat masters still will not allow that, much less from anyone else. Thank you for posting this.
you should punk him one day. Wait for him in a crazy cat person gettup and freak him out. Or leave him a pack of pokemon cards like you do with santa and cookies.
Thanks for making me smile
You know he is loving all the snuggles and attention
r/wholesome and sweet
I did the same thing the other day except the cat came to me instead while i crouched down and waited for him. I gave it a plenty belly rubs and head scratches.

It also rubbed itself on me around my leg(not sure if im describing it right). I assume that it likes me then right?

I never thought a cat can be so trusting. Usually reddit portrays them as mean compared to dogs.
So wholesome
This is so ridiculously adorable. I wonder, and I'm not trying to go negative here, bt I wonder if he had a cat that he lost/recently past. When my 20 year old cat died, I missed her so much I would sometimes pull over my car just to pet a cat. I now have a new cat, the sweetest little feline, but I remember how petting neighbor cats helped me so much at the time.
Seems like Ace loves the company!
I'm not sure who's more excited to see who!
He can still spot his bestie :)
What's going on across the street?
Ace is a fan too! This is sweet!!
Cool cat man
This makes me so happy to see. I recently lost my one eyed cat. His name was Odin and he was black and white and just as lovey as Ace. Looks just like him.
 [Reminds me of this, but with a dog.](https://external-preview.redd.it/HMTQZH81PwcFVsSxGUR_hLLrAr9kaOs1rTkCqP9dvr0.gif?format=mp4&s=bbf0adc281141bbf98b7531bc0403345ad7997db)

I would be so proud if I raised these kids. You can easily know someone's character by how they treat animals.
This is next level wholesome. It also makes me really happy to see a kid be so sweet to an animal.
This is so pure. My heart is full.
Typical cat, making you come to it. I love it.
He'll make it over to the kid eventually, one flip and wiggle at a time
Quick test him for toxo
Whats going on over there in the neighbors driveway? Who didnt invite Ace to the party lol
Yay now they are buddies 😍👏👏
❤️❤️ so sweet.
Your cat is a huge flirt. Very cute
Ace! I love it! How'd you name him?
The cops have been surveilling your home from across the street.

You’re welcome.
And Ace loves him too! Look at the way he trusts him to pet his belly. This is so much love!
I would say Ace loves kid neighbor too
Get that car treats ASAP and give that kid $20. You will make both of them very happy an the loving reward will come back tenfold
He brought gloves for the belly rubs, smart young man.
Your one eyed cat, loves your kid neighbor ❤️❤️
r/cuddleroll
This is wholesome
So wholesome and pure 😭♥️
Seems like kitty loves the kid too! Thanks for being a great neighbor
Sweet kid!
This makes me so happy!
this is the best, thank you.
I love cats. They are just so cute!!!!!
Thank god his mom isn’t a Karen or this might have ended up on r/entitledprarents.
This is how we save the world
This is precious
its weird, its like this cat doesnt have a point of max pats before attacking
Aww
This made my day @op
Ok but a one-eyed cat should be named Jack. Just sayin’.
What about the toddler playing on the curb?
That's kinda dangerous.
Cute cat tho.
Reminds me of Nemo with all the kids watching- “He touched the butt”
Why aren't their more reality TV shows like this?
I know you probably won't see this but this is amazing, thanks for sharing!!!
I like how he didn't step onto the driveway until invited to do so by the cat
I love those little fluffies awww
This is the best thing I've seen all day.

Thank you.
Just like a cat: "Oh my god. I wanna be pet SOOOOOO bad! Hrmm... but you're 20 feet away. I'll just plop down right here and make you come to me." 

When I'm on the couch my cat will pace back and forth forEVER begging me to sit on the floor to pet him. Even when I pick him up and put him on the couch to cuddle him he jumps down almost as soon as I can get him up there as if to say "I said on the floor, bitch!". I'm old and my knees hurt when I sit on the floor. Fuck you, Hank.
My cat behaves just like that when I get from work. Rolling and purring makes me not wanna go to work..
The cat wa like : no boy ,you come here
That kid's parents did a really good job teaching him about boundaries and animals. That's impressive
There was this black and white cat who lived in the area who would visit all the neighbors. Her name was verbena. She kept all the mice away and so she was always kept safe in the winter. She had these huge claws too.
Wholesome and nice.
Those adorable flip flops by Ace goes to show that the kid is a good person without even knowing him.
This is the most wholesome thing ever.
OP you should give a kid a copy of the video. It's always nice to have a wholesome video of your childhood. This kid will always remember coming to pet your cat.
ow my heart
It's like my kid - he knows the name of every cat in the neighborhood lol, from our place all the way to the bus stop. Won't talk to anyone for anything else but apparently he'll ask the name of their cat...
That is one great young man right there! Wholesome and heartwarming, thank you.
That's not a cat that's a dog.
Heart of gold that kid
That's a kid that has a future helping/working with animals for sure.
I dont think ive ever seen a cat “flop” at someone, much less from such a great distance
Awwww
That love is a two way street :)
My husband and I have a cat in the neighborhood that we call Mr Squeakers. We take a walk and visit him almost every day. We just call it visiting Mr squeakers. He’s absolutely lovey. We spend about 20 minutes in his driveway just petting and brushing him. Yes we have a special brush just for him.
This video is so similar to the video where a kid gets off a bike then hugs a dog then runs off
This type of behavior sticks around through adulthood. It has for me. I could be late and in a rush somewhere but if I see a pettable animal I will go out of my way to give pets.
Ace seems a lot like the cat Sylvester I had growing up. He just loved to sit on the wall at perfect petting height whenever he spotted anyone walking by.
Many times have I seen this gif, but I appreciated it now more than ever before so thank you
I do the same thing with my neighbors cat and I’m 38 yrs old lol
That kid is a good kid; wears his helmet, pets cats.
kitty love is the best kind of love and he has realized it!
Every cat I've ever seen, one eye or two, does that exact same driveway move:  fast-walk at a diagonal, then FLOP!...rub head on the ground.
OMG that is adorable lol
That sweet sweet boy. I love this
ming ming ming ming ming.
This is so wholesome my heart can’t take it
Oh man this is so cute!
Omg my heart! Sometimes things like this just make me think that this world could be so amazing. I wish we could find away to just love like this.
Sure is nice to have knees that bend like that...
And the cat power move of laying down early and making the kid come to him. Gets them ever time
Looks like the feeling is mutual. This is so sweet.
Wow so incredibly sweet.
The way the cat flops and rolls around is so cute.
God I'm high now and this is the fuckin purest shit
I only hope my cat and future cats will provide the neighborhood Hoomans with a bout of excitement and love like this pirate kitty!
There’s a line of people across the street waiting to pet that cat!
This made me smile
It's better to have kids around one-eyed cats than one-eyed snakes, that's for sure.
I love this post! ❤️🐾🐾
I'm pretty sure this is what life is all about.
Kids that love animals were raised right.
I’m so glad to see kids that know how to be around animals. Especially animals that aren’t their own.

Probably (hopefully) has some good parents/guardians.
Animals know peace she they see it.
Oh? You're approaching me?
Better seeing this stuff rather than people licking ice cream and putting it back, on the news
Anyone else see the unmarked cop car across the street?
Bro moment
Kitty cat tippy taps
I love your one-eyed cat, too 🥰
Nice to see a good kid out there. My town is overrun with little brats, smashing windows and stealing out of yards. This one will grow into a good adult.
I love videos like these, they give me life
My son does this with a neighbors cat too. His buddy Milky
Yes, the kid obviously loves animals, but I think he is kind of showing off for the girls in the group across the street. Nothing beats animal street cred! :)
Watching this in loops. Welp not gonna get much work done today...
This is so wholesome.
Haha he’s definately not looking at the neighbours😂
Takes a pet like no problem. That’s a good cat right there
This is too fucking precious
Kids like this are going to make the next generation a great generation.
This is so freakin cute
Cat loves kid too
I’m usually cautious with my fur babies, but this is acceptable.
Should get a cat named Luffy and a dog named Akainu.
i know it offers protection, but it just isnt the same with gloves on
Who is cutting onions?!
Seems like a good kid.
Oh man. This video could have gone very differently. 

I'm glad it didn't.

*faith in humanity mildly intensifies*
I just regained faith in a small portion of humanity! Thank you
That kid is a wizard at animal psychology
Great cat, great kid!
That’s pretty sweet
r/aww has pulled through with the goods. Papabless
OMG...this is lovely.
Looks like you know who to get to cat sit when you holiday
You definitely should ask your kid neighbor to help  cat-sit (even if it's actually a parent doing it or if you don't actually need it for a one or two day trip) 

It would make his world
Ngl I do this to my neighbors cats too
Awwwww
Well now I have to figure out what to do with this excess wholesomeness.
My boy cat loves doing rolls on the cement like that!
Damn that's wholesome, finishing off on a positive note, goodnight Reddit frents!
So refreshing seeing good in this world. I needed this 😞
I already love Ace! 
Btw my pug’s name is Ace too
I love those videos. Kids need animals in their life to become better people.
Such a love bug. I love a good neighborhood kitteh!
This kid really understands cats
Bless the heart of that sweet, sensitive, compassionate young man. If only all humans had those qualities, what a lovely world we would have.
Awwwww
cute
At first glance I thought it said our one eyed neighbor loves our kid cat.
PLOP🖤
God this is sweet. Brought a tear to my eye.
Kids still play outside????
D'aww ❤
Your kid neighbor checks your cameras? Weird.
Ace is so playful!
Well that’s the cutest thing I’ve seen all day.
thats really cool nice to see
Good job kid
That’s me with every neighbors pet, pets r amazing
That made my heart happy, what a nice boy! ❤️
No you c'mere
This kids cool with me, but, who are those dang hooligans across the street?
What a little noodle.
Love the cat flex. “Nah, you come to me.”
r/cuddleroll
There was a wild cat everytime i was outside with my friends that would come up to me and let me pet him forever ... I loved it so much it made me fall in love with cats then i got 2 like 8 years later
Good kitty..nice job kid
Jokes on you, Ace is his cat now
Who's cuttin onions?!
Gotta say... growing up I was pretty tight with some of the poochies that I would walk past on my way home from school. 

This one hits home guys!!
**cute**
Good kid. Adorable kitty. Winning.
You've got a cute cat, and kids notice that.  Also looks like you have an unmarked police cruiser across the street, and adults notice that, lol.

But seriously, im just like that kid. I'll stop to visit friendly neighborhood cats any chance I get.
Nit only is this kid super well mannered, he's wearing his helmet. Safety first!
Thanks, this is so sweet. Gave me a big smile.
Is this in colorado, by chance?
Aw, that's so sweet :) That cat really loves him, too.
This is me with every kitty who’ll allow it. We lost our kitty, Jimmy, a few months ago. I’m not over it and I’m not ready to adopt a new kitty yet but I miss those sweet snuggles and purrs. We have two puppies and two small kids so we are busy enough for now but I do look forward to bringing home a new kitty someday.
I want to be your neighbor! 🥰
Is that a cop car across the street?
Ace obviously loves him too!
Love blooms at the most unlikely of times...
Your kid neighbor is following all the rules of cats:

You meet on their terms, and you squish the kitty.
All the cats in my neighborhood run away from me.
Gawd that is so sweet I can’t handle
This would be my son. He has the neighborhood cats following him for scratches. Today I was outside and there was two cats in a line looking towards my yard. . . Schools out for the summer, hasn't been any morning or after school pets. . . .haha my goodness animals and kids are pure love.
This is so sweet 💓
All i see is a happy kid and a happy cat
I only liked for that nice looking CVPI across the street
Love how the kid sits and expects Ace to go over, but Ace knows better :)
So, what’s going on across the street?
Amo los gatos <3
That cat knows what's up.
So v wholesome much needed
So sweet!
What’s up with the totally-inconspicuous-and-totally-not-the-FBI blacked out Crown Vic parked opposite your house?
If you get another cat name him Luffy
Verry cute
Nice crown vic I see there also
Soooooooo sweeeeeet
Do you live in kentucky
The cat was waiting for him.
This one put a huge smile on my face.
nobody:  
Me: Why do they have cameras?
Wholesome.
Ace wiggles around like a work that's just been cut in half.

I mean that in the nicest way possible
You could try posting Ace to r/piratekitties
This is so wholesome!
Good kid. 

Generally anyone with a kind heart like that will grow up to be a fine man. 

Do you have a daughter OP? Set him up with josh. Lol
kid neighbor
It's a feeling we don't really have words for, to have an animal show that kind of love and trust. Probably addictive too, I wouldn't be surprised.

Kid needed his daily bump of cat love. 

..now I want a cat.
How sweet ❤️
Such a good human. They have a super cool friendship.
Oh so thats what I'm doing today, crying.
Dude its fucking weird how we have cat friends. Like if you were some alien species and watching this on a nature documentary you'd be like "what the fuck?"
Me at every party avoiding the people to play with the cat.
People love to visit cats, and cats love to be visited.
Adorable. Cat, kid and sunshine.
The feeling is SO mutual!!
The boy loves the cat, the cat loves him. but the Cat didn't walk up to him for pats, but made the boy walk up to him...
Seeing this random act of kindness towards animals, makes my heart happy!
This is so cool
This is what a healthy community looks like.
Hey i know I’m late, and I don’t want to be dramatic or anything

But I’d die for Ace no questions asked
You know cops are watching your house, do you?
Cat Story 3: Cat goes to college
My friends cat does that when she wants the lovin!
That's real goddamn wholesome.
What’s with the pig across the street?
Lol I don't have a cat, but there's one cat that always comes up to me and starts meowing. He's so sweet.
That is the floppiest cat I’ve ever seen!
I was like this kid. I love animals. 😁
That's cute af
If kitty show belly. Kitty trust kid :p
I wish I could safely leave my bike out like that. Sigh... NYC.
That's a good kid
Do all American kids park their bikes like that?
Wholesome.
You should invite him to play with ace, maybe get some cat toys too. :)
I've had my cat since she was 3 weeks old (now about 9yo). She loves me and only me. She won't go near my wife or our young kids. Once I'm alone she comes out of hiding. If I patted her like that she'd rip my arms and face to shreds
I thought kids only dismounted bikes like that in the Goonies and other sleepover comedies
Every kid should have a pet. I'm betting he doesn't have one
The feds are watching
That a repost no ?
Looks like you've got an undercover staking out your place.
They  love each other.  Cat is like:  here I am,  come and pet me!  So pure.  😻
Can’t resist that toxoplasmosis!

Jk, cute vid.
Typical cat - so coy.
Love it! They both seem to love each other!!
Kool kat
My 2 cats provide me so much therapy every day. They can be very loving animals.
"They called me a mad man."
What a couple of sweeties!
Awww...
Ace was being the greatest wingman you could ask for in the gif.
One Eyed? What Happened
This makes me so warm inside
nice one
Awww looks like the friendship is mutual
Nice
This was ace to watch ❤️
u/pariash094
He's casing the joint
Pet a cat when you encounter one on the street.
Ace for sure loves him too!
Nice
there's a covert surveillance  car directly across from your house - it's probably got a signal interceptor and they are listening in to your family via the Google Talk speaker you got for free that one time you filled out a customer questionnaire at the store - don't do anything rash - keep behaving normally - communicate with each other by pencil and paper, collect a few days worth of clothes and next time you all leave together head to a motel outside town and lay low until the Feds can deal with these guys - it's probably Russians -
Kudos to him for keeping that helmet and gloves on for protection.
A cat was on my porch on the 1st of July when we were taking out the trash. It was big, orange and sitting very still. We later found out it was microchipped and had been hanging out on multiple neighbors' porches and 'tormenting' dogs inside the houses.

Anyway the point of this story is I told my brother about it and he loves cats and cute things in general (as we all do) and he went outside to pet it while I held the door to make sure the cat didn't get inside.

It lied down on its belly just like this cat did, making it look like it was being submissive and wanted belly rubs but when my brother went in for one it immediately swiped at his hand.

After that we left it alone.
Ewwwwww stop!!!!! Nice feelings
❤️
So sweet!
What a great start to my day : )
That is one happy cat.
Wholesome
Obviously the feeling is mutual ❤️❤️
May I ask what kind of security camera you're using?
Isn't this that kid with the dog from some weeks ago?
A rare sight indeed.
I'm very late, but I hope this comment could be seen by some cat lovers. Is there a subreddit of gifs and videos of cats rolling? There NEEDS to be a special subreddit of cats just rolling like this!
I absolutely love how the cat doesn't go to him straight away but just sits down.

Sums up the interactions I have with my cat. I need to go to his preferred location and pet him.
W H O L E S O M E
The neighbor has 3 cats ( a mother and 2 kittens ) and they come to us sometimes and chill ( shared porch )
I love how the kid really tries to respect the property boundary, but his love for the cat just takes over and has to go to him.
Oh if this is really your cat, that's crazy. My dog growing up was called Ace. She was a Jack Russell/Fox terrier and had one eye. I smell sitcom spinoff. Maybe it could be called 'An Eye For An Eye.'
[deleted]
Why am I crying
Ace is like: tiny human, I will allow you to rub my belly at this exact spot.
What's up with Americans and open garage doors? First the kid with the dog now this,
Our passion fills the world like a raging fire.

As the sun shine you know we can take it higher.
Needed this so much..  thank you op!
Wondering if the boy isnt allowed to have a cat or if he had one pass away , u can tell he really waits to see the cat with his body language and he walks right into the driveway seeing the cat wouldnt goto him.
This is the kind of video that gets better with every rewatch. And my heart keeps skipping happily like a 6yo girl with pigtails 😃
Your cat loves your kid neighbour too! The way he rolls around showing his belly shows he really trusts him. So cute!
This is very deserving of the 17 awards it got 🙂
That is so sweet! They really love each other and it's nice to see both human & cat enjoying the contact. 💙🐈
That’s what it’s all about.
No, you come to ME...
When I was younger walking home from school, I always tried to pet the outdoor cats in my area, but as with most cats, they didn't really want to be pet by strangers. A cat like Ace would have made my child self very happy. Thank you for the opportunity to enjoy this through the internet!
I see they like each other :)
There was a one-eyed cat in my neighbourhood. On my daily run I'd pass by her house, and sometimes she'd be waiting for me, coming running when she saw me. Cuddliest, most affectionate cat I've ever met.

They moved away. I miss her.
guess u have a garenteed solid pet sitter if u ever need one
I’m CRYING look at that pure pure love
Now imagine this with 5 cats jumping at you as soon as you return home. They might be a pain during the night, but still, i love them all
That’s adorable! Ace looks like a sweet kitty
Really cute. I love how cats enjoy rolling on cement, all my cats have always loved to do this.
Get this kid a cat
Where I live I can't have a pet so the friendly neighborhood dogs and cats really make my day.
Althought i go awwwww Seeing these kinds of videos and pics, i cant stop but letting my pessimistic side get out. That cat has developed such a high level of trust for the human kind that it wont be able to determine whether a human is trying to harm the cat or simply wanting a pat pat. I hate people
Me and my cat every night after my work.
Lost my cat a couple days ago and really needed to see this
Why is there an fbi car across the street?
I tried giving my old neighbor's cat a pet but she hated me
Heart is officially melted! 😭♥️
That's one happy cat \^\_\^
