The little head shake is too cute!
*"Thanks for the lift, friend!"*

*"Wait... What? Where'd you go?!"*
The eyes on that cat are everything
At the end the cat looks like it had some kind of mystical experience.
I've never seen such a docile kitty. My cats would've been going insane over this.
Your cat is a Disney princess!!
Omg this made my day! So majestic
I thought someone was making a bonsai kitten for a sec.
"Butterﬂy, what is your wisdom?"

 "Fuck Chechnya" 

And so we went to war.
Make a wish..kers
@tootie_bunface
Omg what kind of cat is this? So beautiful!
Excuse me sir that’s my nose
Wow! The awe and self control of this cat!
Take this f l o p p y d o r i t o away from me
Why did I recognize that it’s a GoPro box
Those eyes
This is maybe the cutest thing I’ve ever seen in my whole life.
It's like a scene from a Disney movie
Cheshire cat eyes
First Wormy, then Squidward and Mr Krabs, and now Mr. Snugglesworth?

That flying fiend has eaten 4 friends too many!
This is so sweet. My own fluff would crush it and chew it down without a second thought :(
"Uh, excuse me, Sir..."
Lisa Frank irl
This looks like those inspirational posters you would see in the nurses office at school.
They were both caught in a moment for sure
This is some Shadow of the Colossus level shit.
The amount of precious in this is unreal.
Get it off!
r/youseeingthisshit
That cat is a fucking Disney princess!
r/disneyIRL
u/gifreverserbot
How did this repost get 100k Likes+ and an award?!
This is important.
Thank you for the silver and platinum my kind champions!!
Priceless :)
Rare and awesome indeed!!!
I dig
Beautiful
"A rare moment", this not just a rare moment it's a Disney moment!
THAT IS A BEAUTIFUL CAT.
My Rosie would have charged that head first just to get the moth.
That was that cat's Disney moment!!
/u/vredditshare
This is the first time I’ve ever said “Awwww” out loud as a reaction. So cute.
Dear lawd....not even a week and someone already post it twice meow.
i don't believe in nothing no more
Awesome
Wow. That’s a gorgeous kitty
What, where, where is it? What a beautiful little Cat. What lovely eyes. Just too damned cyoot.
What a sweet creature.
cat.exe has unexpectedly quit
I love how its little mouth moves near the end.  

It's like you can hear it say "muthafuc-if you don't..."
Can we just sticky stuff like this at the top of reddit forever so that all the race war stuff gets pushed down?
That’s a gorgeous kitty, ban for being too cute
Cuteness level 999999
i have never seen such level of cuteness in my entire life !
haaaa very cute!!
Lol. This is funny and cute and the same time
Those perplexed eyes and fluffy paws 😍
That is adorable.
The mighty hunter was bamboozled
It's magic
This made my day.
I could've sworn this only happened in Disney movies.
It's nice but seems weird someone trapped a moth in a plastic box to show their cat and film it
Was that a piece of glass or something
Yeah but was the cat alive or dead when its head was inside the box?
I love how this kitty was clearly startled by the buggo, but knew not to hit it because it was a smol fren ^^
New life goal: be that cat.
Aww, that is ADORABLE! 😍 I was confused as to what was going on at first too. 🤣
this deserves so much more than I can afford to give you.. here, take my upvote!
Mreow
Someone was trying to make [rectilinear kittens](https://www.wired.com/2001/02/fbi-goes-after-bonsaikitten-com/).
Cats can't see things close to their faces well.
My freaking heart
That cat seems like it's stoned or something.
Now that's some full-on Disney right there...
you are sleepless when you are followed by four legs home
Chesire cat
Lol
Gosh. My cat would have woofed that thing down in a nanosecond.
Does anyone know the breed of cat?
I wanna see an animation of this with lil pudgy cartoon characters so badly
My heart!
This is awesome! lol! 😃
Cats are wonderful.
What kind of cat specie is this?  Very subtle uniqueness and very special looking
[cute. ](https://ci.memecdn.com/4266780.jpg)
/u/vredditshare
My cat(s) would have eaten it.
What Breed?
I looooove this
The first thing my mind went to was the cat seig heiling with a butterfly stache
Omg this cat is gorgeous. What kind of cat is it?
It's my birthday and this just made my whole day.
Such a beautiful and gentle cat. This honestly warms my heart.
Is any moment caught on camera, any longer rare!?!? Lol sorry but this is an existential thought.
What in the great sphinx’s name..
This cat is so precious. So curious <3
This is adorable 😯😯😯
This is straight out of Alice in Wonderland
Everyone needs to see this; please upvote.
Best friends *fur*ever
Those eyes are fking huge
I give it 3 weeks before this is a scene in a Disney trailer.
My cat would’ve eaten it. Little weirdo.
It's like a school folder from the 90s.
Got his nose and lived to tell about it!
"Got your nose!"
r/mylifeiscomplete
This is something straight out of a studio ghibli movie
Well, it doesn't get any cuter than this! :D
So precious
Immediately swatted after camera stopped rolling
This looks like a scene from a Disney cartoon!
Cats can't see that close, I like how they arc their whiskers trying to figure out what's touching it's nose.
Curiosity cuted the cat.
r/disneyeyes
[removed]
This is very Cute
@tootie_bunface on Instagram
[removed]
Lol bambi
cant stop watching it cool video
omg, those eyes are amazing.
Im surprised disney hasn't copy right striked this yet.
My cat would of immediately licked and eaten that lol
AHHHH!  IT'S DEFENDING ITSELF SOMEHOW.
I mean... they literally opened the box knowing this cat might smash that butterfly...

Rare because it wasn’t r/natureisfuckinglit
That is the most magical thing I've seen all week
My cat would just freak the fuck out and sprint around the house at Mach speed if this happened.
What kind of cat is this I love it
Freaking ADORABLE!!
This fluffy creature make my day !!
Awweeeeesssss makes me feel better after today
captain, the ship no longer appears on our scopes!
So magical!!!
Aww
This is Pixar level cute.
Magical
Blessed be the mlemn
Watching this video makes my nose itch
You know what’s not rare? Reposting 🤔
Awwwww
u/vredditdownloader u/vredditshare
this cat has Toothless eyes
OH MAH GAWD THIS IS THE CUTEST THING EVER!
I love how she raises her paw then goes "wait but I can't hit fren :("
This is the most motherfucking wholesome thing I’ve ever seen.
This was one of the purest things I’ve seen
That was a-mazing. You caught something incredibly beautiful. I feel like I just watched an entire Disney movie.
Is this video in super slow motion?
If I could @ KingAni I would
I just love the confusion
That’s too cute
I've seen a million cliche cat pictures with a butterfly on its nose, but I have never, in my life, seen it happen to an actual cat.
I like to put my finger as close as I can to flies I've not seen before. You can almost touch them. Once they know you can harm them, even if it's an accidental connect mid air, they will understand not to get close to big things that move. Before they learn that, you could pet them. Same with mammals, tho people seem not to notice.
The look of bewilderment is the same one I get while contemplating humanity after a 10 hour day of customer service.
U/vredditdownolader
u/vredditdownloader
How is this even real it’s too fucking pure and adorable
BABY!!
I can't even begin to fathom the complete sense of content I'm getting from just the eyes. This is one goddamn pretty kitty!
I have seen cats also behave with delicacy around flowers like, despite their destructiveness sometimes, they understand beauty and are careful with tiny beautiful things.
I love how the cat stops it paw mid air.
Cat's instinct: ATTACK!
Cat: Wait. It does not harm. I must resist.
/u/vredditshare
This is precious and I love it!
This is literally something we’d only see in a cartoon.
Just like one of those posters
This gave me Studio Ghibli vibes for some reason but I’m fine with that, this is real cute
Even bettervideo cuz cat is soooooo darn cute wont dare move those eyes
The cat has the prettiest eyes! It kind of reminds me of the Cheshire Cat's eyes 🐾
How precious!
The butterfly had their escape route planned all along...
Why can’t cats deal with things on their head
Stop making everything slow motion please.
Aww cute <3
That cat did not want to hurt the butterfly at all. What a cute video
A puzzle picture waiting to happen.
This cat watched to many WWII docs.... 😂😂
My cat died 2 years ago i miss him this reminds me of him thank you Xx
“What do I do now? I’ve never gotten this far before”
That moment when you are too stoned to handle regular problems.
Okay, so were not gonna acknowledge that someone had to open the box up for the cat and set up the camera an shit? Like did they really expect the cat to be cool? Pretty sure what we just watched was a failed butterfly x cat snuff film
So pure
Is that the plastc cover that comes on GoPro boxes?
Yoooooo what?!?! This is amazing
[removed]
That right there is the cat and the caterpillar/ butterfly from Alice and wonderland.
I like how kitty goes to swat it then is like, "Ya Know what......I decide you can live..."
That cat is beautiful
Omg that's cute as hell! What a gentle kitty!
[removed]
Heil Kittler!
Yo that's some Lisa Frank shit
Reality: Cat dropped acid. Butterfly doesn’t exist.
Omgomgomomg
My cat would have just eaten it.
This is the most wonderful thing I’ve ever seen.
I think that butterfly should consider itself lucky to be alive. I'm sure it would have been a light snack in many cases.
very nice purity
I don't know how I thought that was a sticker from fruit
Cats can’t focus on anything that’s within 4-5 inches from their face. Also the reason why your cat has the biggest effort finding that piece of cat candy when it’s right in front of them!
Hello, my little friend...
Kinda looks like catbus from totoro
The way cats noses wiggle when theyre sniffing smth 🥺🥺🥺🥺♥️♥️♥️
Adorable although I believe he did not know what we going on 🤣
Can we slow it down...  moooooooore?
cats like wtf did i just get laid?
Awww...such a gentle kitten!
My cat would’ve ate it 😂
Omg it looks just like my kitty!! It’s soo adorable the way it shakes its head.
Adorable
What breed is that, those lynx ears are pretty bitchin
The creases in the fur.. i don’t know what it’s called.. a fur part? Idk but that stuff makes me aww
He looks exactly like Puss in Boots from Shrek!
r/disneyeyes
 I watch this again and again. It's so cute.
that was precious.
This is like straight out of a Hayao Miyazaki movie!
This is such a Disney movie moment!
Progressively escalates displacing it... eventually huffing it off.
omg, I  love cute cats so much!
Gentle Cat
Such intense green eyes!
I don’t think a cat can clearly see something on the tip of its nose.
Wait this made me smile wtf
Cat is broken, did not eat.
Reminds me of the Millennium Falcon hiding on a Star Destroyer..
This is so sweet!
BUTTERFLY IN THE SKY 😭🎶🎵
This is what greeting cards are made of
Are u kidding me
Jesus Christ if this isn’t r/eyebleach idk what is
Nice
What a little Goddess <3
Looks like the cheshire cat with their movements
a GOOD CAT
soooooo cute
Curious, like the monkey
Everyone is talking about the cat but the moth just had a Shadow of the Colossus moment
Wait I've seen this before, didn't this happen on Alice in wonderland?
cute cat
So cute
r/aww
Please say the cats called toothless
One of my cute little kitties did that with a baby bird that was just getting it's feathers in today. Different ending though.
r/AnimalsBeingDerps
Absolutely incredible
What breed of cat is this?! 

WHAT A QT!
fuckin disney..
Wow!  It's a kitty figuring out about

a cube!  Cool!  Love this beautiful

kitty! 😁👑⚡
What type of cat is this please?
Is anyone else more impressed with how clean the floors are for a house with a long haired cat? Like mirrors! MIRRORS!
People ask why I don't upvote often. It's because I save my upvote for when every once in couple month something like this appears.
Any idea why is the cat bothering with all this? The box isn't closed or anything, the butterfly wasn't trapped or anything.
/u/reddituser487 /u/user_name_14141
Gosh, is this kitty cute!
That’s a Disney cat. You can’t trick me.
/u/vredditshare
*Moth jumps on cats nose....*

&#x200B;

Moth:  Wait this isn't a lamp...
The new Disney movie looks cute
:)
It’s a dinosaur!
what breed is it?
A rare mothment cat on camera
Yes b you are very awsome
That was just so wholesome 😭
Lol
Oh? Ohhh! OHHHHH! Oh?
Those eyes are fucking gorgeous!
freedom thank u for your help
If that were my cat, it would have been butterfly for dinner...
Hide in the blind spot.
In reverse the cat would be gently helping the moth into a box.
Dinah?! Diiinnaaaahh!!....
OMG that's the cutest thing I've ever seen! O-O
That's so special!! Treasure that lucky video forever.. it's rare to see that anything so sweet and gentle.
So as always...

* how and why was this caught on camera ?

* Why is the butterfly in a plastic box ?

* Who is filming ?

I'm always curios if these are staged moments made to happen after countless tests or a genuine coincidencedue to unusual circumstances *I.e. someone was filming a butterfly they had caught and put in a box when the cat came in etc.*
This cat is a life 😻😻 I love it... It's so cute ❤️
Seriously that's too good♥️♥️
Nice camera work! And gorgeous cat!
It's not even her video, why would you give it gold
It's the cat version of the "is this..." Animé butterfly meme
No butterfly that small has a cloaking device
I have cats all my life. They are really curious! This cat is so cute and sweet.   
Butterfly thought: "What was it? Who was it? I'm lucky, I still alive!"
That is one beautiful freaking cat. 

8/8
This just happened with my cat. She ate the moth.
This feels like it was at least digitally altered, if not entirely generated.
Aww it’s so cute. This made my day
I can't stop watching it.  This is just adorable
r/eyebleach
/u/Abby_xxW
u/VredditDownloader
LisaFrank moment - somebody put that on a folder!!!
So so cute
u/vredditshare
Aww he’s so confused!
Where did you come from where did you go 🎶
Silly möth, cat is not lämp.
So cool!!
wut? Wut is dat! Y u no go away! U litle nub fite me in minecrfwt!
“Come on little moth, I can save you. Jump on my nose.”

“Okay you have to get off now”
Your cat is a Disney princess.
Omooo she just rescued the fly
But isn't this also r/nonononoyes?
I love this...
/u/vredditshare
Your cat is so beautiful
Hitler cat
That’s beautiful
you can now have unpopular opinions because of how much karma you got from this
r/praisethecameraman
The cutenessss oh my god
This is so cute
Cats are blind 30cm infront of their eyes
The cat has such beautiful eyes 💖💖💖
Curing depression all around the world
/u/vredditshare
Adorable.
Is this slowed down? I can't tell...
So precious!
This happened to my cat except it was a fly and he ate it
This cat has the most beautiful eyes I have ever seen
Aww look at its wittle paws and booplesnoot
Moth loves cat
Cute af
Why are they so cute?
This is some Disney level stuff
Hunter becomes hunted
I wish he had snorted the moth.
Help! GPS needed! I keep getting lost in those eyes
I don’t know why but this cat looks like a kitten version of the Cheshire Cat from Alice and Wonderland. Might be the eyes.
Hello, Clarice
This is even funnier after finding out cats close vision is bad lol
Love how cats hunt snakes but get dazed over a butterfly
This is some Lisa Frank type stuff
ALARMED
that’s some real disney type shit lol
He attacc
He snacc
But most importantly he dont smacc
This kitty has very pretty eyes. <3
What type of cat is that
Things we would do for karma!
WOAH WOAH WOAH Hold up.
Wow those eyes are brighter than my future
What type of cat is this ?
[xd](https://ae01.alicdn.com/kf/HTB1Y9NOIGmWBuNjy1Xaq6xCbXXaQ/DIY-frame-Alice-in-Wonderland-Movie-Cheshire-Cat-Poster-Fabric-Silk-Poster-For-Home-Decoration-Print.jpg_640x640.jpg)
Kind of reminds me of the Cheshire Ccat from Alice in wonderland.
u/gifreversingbot
Like a Lisa Frank picture, minus the wild colors.
I like animals and everything, but why would a send a notification for this?
It’s like a scene from a Disney movie!!
This is my new favorite thing
I’ve found the incredibly specific reference image I want
Adorable moment, she is calm with the moth
r/disneyeyes
 This cat is very intelligent, looks like an expert in the field of life protection.
Haha
At 7 seconds, all I can see is a toothbrush moustache and a Nazi salute...
The playback speed is slowed down. Play it faster and the message of the video will be a different one.
What race is this? So cute
u/gifreversingbot
Thats a super cute kitten!
Muda
Oh my god, I LOVE his huge eyes!!
Edit: or her
What kind of cat is this? It's beautiful
Thats aMEWSING HAHAHAHAHAHAH WHY DO I STILL EXIST 😭
The equivalent of a mosquito on the balls!
/u/vredditdownloader
/u/vredditshare
/u/vredditshare
Like half the girls in 3rd grade has folders with this exact same thing
This leads me to believe cats are fully aware of how gravity works (looks down when butterfly “falls”) and thus can manipulate gravity to ALWAYS land on their feet.
/u/vredditshare
This whole thing should be animated.
cake day !!!
Welp, that's the sweetest thing I've ever seen.
This is like something out of a Disney movie
Ok, Disney live action is real good after all!
Thanks for my first smile of the day, I don't think anything will top this cuteness today!
I'm not sure if there is an award for this kind of thing, but this should win a very prestigious award, imho.

Edit: GORGEOUS cat!
My cat ate a baby bird  whole the other day
how is that cats eyes so big? it looks like an snapchat filter.

Also don't make like that was a rare candid event. you put the flappy boi in the box so your cat would interact with it. The only rare part is that the most likely outcome was that cat swatting/eating flappy
A not so rare repost
I usually don’t like these “look how cute my animal is” posts..... but that has to be one of the sweetest thing in the world....
[deleted]
Reddit is the shit
That cat never seen a butterfly? I don't get it
I don't care
Now we just need a bigger box and a sharp object falling down fast
[deleted]
