You can’t spell “suffocation” without “cat”.
Ahhhh, sleep catnea. Scary affliction indeed.
Our old 30lb black cat sat on my dads chest once as he fell asleep on the couch. Woke up in the dark thinking he was having an asthma attack only to see two green eyes looking back at him.
*"shhhhh, sleep now, human. It's just a dream."*
How did he know he wasn't breathing when he was asleep?
Spoiler alert, he doesn't own a cat!!
Is it just me or is the facehugger alien cute?
This is why you shouldn't let cats sleep with babies.
PURRanormal activity
Isn't this how that one dude dies in Catch 22?
When the sleep apnea demon from Cats comes home with you...
I don’t buy the caption but it’s still a cute picture
Hooman, you seem to be breathing. Allow me to fix that.
He protek. He attak. He wants your soul for midnight snack.
Aaaah, Silence of the man!
This is how I want to die
Ahhhhhh, Jon, it's all good. Now sleep.
I feel like you would figure out the issue when you woke up..  not certain why cameras were installed..
Look at that cat's face.
It really wants that man dead.
[deleted]
Further proof that sleeping on your side is the correct way of sleeping.
Paranormal Cativity
r/thathappened if the guy was having trouble breathing while asleep to the point he for some reason felt the need to tape himself he probably would have woken up gasping for air and caught the caught on his face at least once or there would have been cat hair on his face etc
Plot twist: He doesn't have a cat
This reeks of made up, if you're having trouble breathing while sleeping why would you set a camera up? That's ridiculous
It's creepy when the cat steals your breath at night.
And the movie Cat's Eye made you believe that it was a gremlin...

We all know gremlins mess with planes and electronics!
I find it hard to believe he needed a camera to figure this out.
I like the pic, but I feel like the title belongs on /r/thathappened. How would someone not notice this? And even if they legit slept through it why would their first action be to install a camera on their bed?
When you leave your fortune to your cats in your will.
Purrrranormal Activity
https://youtu.be/cVY7F5seOXQ.   Why are you lying OP? You put the camera up to see what your cat did at night.
r/CatsAreAssholes
I have a cat. I can't breathe when I'm sleeping. Nonetheless, innocent until proven guilty. Time to order some cameras.
Plot twist: not his cat
I looked at this way too long thinking it was a video.
/r/creepy
r/imsorryjon
/r/thathappened
He had to install a camera instead of just...waking up and finding the cat on his face?
It appears he has a hairball
Seems more dangerous than cute
That's a facehugger for sure
Thought it was video, got me here waiting for a min
I’d be pretty happy to die this way
Seems like he had sleep apawna
/r/hitmanimals
Sleep Catnea
Well there’s the problem: you’re still wearing your watch.
Reminds me of a really old movie where a cat would try to literally steal your breathe away.  I forgot the name, anybody know?  I think it was a horror movie
This is on r/aww but little does anybody realize that this cat is attempting to assassinate his owner
did he have a cat before that picture was taken?
This guy probably has sleep catnea.
I'm 52 years old. When I was a child, I remember hearing that you should never have a cat in the house while there is a young infant in the home. Supposedly, cats would sit on the chest of a baby and "suck" the breath out of them. 

I'm not sure if anyone else heard this tale... it scared me as a child though.
Paranormal Cativity
Did anyone else think it was a video and waited entirely too long for it to move?
Guy probably: "I love my kitty! She is so cute!"

Cat: "Yes human, take your last breaths and I will feast upon your corpse!"
Who sleeps while wearing a watch?!?! 

Christ does he also wear his shoes to bed as well?
things that didn’t happen for 1000, alex
I assume we all know this is fake, right?
It’s “General” protecting him from that shitbag troll trying to steal his breath....don’t you all know a good kitty when you see one?
How did he know he couldn't breathe while sleeping?  Didn't he wake up when he stopped breathing?
Shhhh, it'll all be over soon human, and I'll become more powerful than you could imagine.

How's else did you think cats got nine lives.
Here to find out he doesn't even own a cat.
he doesnt have a cat
That cat knows *exactly* what he's doing.
This is a legit reason as to why cats shouldn't be around sleeping babies unattended. They don't mean any harm, but it can have awful consequences.
Watched this for a good minute before I realized it wasn’t a video
CatsEye
Cat's Eye was right.
"shhh, it'll all be over soon"
Our schnauzer literally does this to my girlfriend every night...
The unconditional love. ♥
I can relate when my 14 lb bundle of joy lays on my stomach and chest at night. I wake up with my back being so stiff that I can't move. Subconsciously, I know it's her so I make sure I am still for her while I'm sleeping. I guess whatever Jedi mind tricks she does at night, works. We are after all the inferior species.
I love this so much 😻😻😻
How do you sleep so deep that you can’t feel a cat get onto your face?? Genuinely? I may get a cat for the sleep benefits!
Sleep Catnea
beware all parents of small children with a cuddly kitty... or not, it's up to you.
So when he woke up with the cat on his face, he still needed a camera to crack the case?
Catch 22 anyone? No, just me? Okay....
What a catastrophe.
If he knew he couldn't breath, then I assume he wakes up in the middle of the knight. Thus wouldn't he wake up and see the cat?
r/animalsbeingjerks
*holds monkey’s paw and makes wish

“Wait that’s not at all what I wanted to be smothered in.”
My cat vs. sleep problem is that my cat will sit next to my head when I'm asleep and sloooowly move to put his nose so close to my cheek I can feel him breathing and it wakes me up. He doesn't bite or lick my face or sniff me, he just fucking hovers there.  I mean a millimeter from my face, close enough to feel the warmth of his breath and fuzz on his upper lip. He's not asleep, he's awake and does it on purpose when he wants to be petted at 3 am. It's like waking up with someone standing over you. He's a total asshole, so when I find him sleeping I do it back. He *hates* that.
Just me, or was anyone waiting for the picture to load like a video?
Plot twist. OP doesn't have a cat.
That cat is so cute😍
sleep cat-nepa
This belongs in r/AnimalsBeingJerks
I can’t tell if I should be happy about this or.... should be worried this guy is suffocating.
"Facehugger"
Yeah I'm sure this is true.
Is it normal to sleep with your watch on or what
We all know the cat is just stopping those spiders from entering his mouth
Cataplexy
I knew it! It’s the watch!
He sleeps with a watch on?
What kind of savage sleeps with their watch on?
Cat suffocation is actually a real thing you need to be careful about if you have young children. They just cuddle up on the baby’s face before they are old enough to be able to roll over or push the cat off
He needed camera to figure that out!!!!
I guess its not sleep apnea.
Where was the little troll? Fuckers are evil.
Shhhh, shhhhh, human, it will all be over soon.
a very acceptable way to die.
Shhhhh hooman...only dreams meow...
This cat puts the C in CPAP.
r/hitmanimals
You can't post this picture and not post the rest of them as well where you can see the cat creepily staring at him, then sitting on his chest, and then finally draping itself over his face.
none of this adds up. like "oh i cant breath. Let me buy a camera." Also if someone cant breath wouldnt they, you know, wake up.
"i Said I wanted fucken premium brand food, not that home brand shit"
Shhhhh it’ll all b over soon hooman
r/catsareassholes
"day number 723. Continued attempts to smother the human captor have failed. I think he might be on to me."
Why is reddit like this with the post titles? There’s no world where this chain of events makes sense.
I thought this was a gif and waited waaaay too long before I questioned why it wasn't working.
Stealing his breath.
If i couldn’t breathe while sleeping installing a camera next to my bed wouldn’t be the first thing I’d do! Cute cat tho!
No more pain hooman, only sleep
I keep warning people, but nobody believes me. They're plotting your demise. Don't trust the khajit.
"I love you hooman, Imma cuddle your face!"
My husband had a nightmare where a boa constrictor was choking him. He woke up to the cat laying on his neck.
I had a cat that would do this to any girl that slept in the bed with me.  It was pretty hilarious.
A couple years back when we were living in an apartment complex, we found this cat at a man's doorstep in the cold just lying there, He let us approach so we put him in a box and then we took him in, took him to the vet the next day who said he was perfectly healthy, so we took him in until we could find him a new home. The first night we let him roam about the apartment, he and our long-time cat came into the bedroom, our cat laid cuddled up next to my wife's legs and the new cat decided to lay on my chest, nuzzle his head against my neck and shoulder and put either paw on either side of my neck like he was giving me a big hug. I woke up to him in this position and my arms around him so I cuddled him a bit but then put him down. We did eventually find him a home but he was such a great cat, we named him Lynx.
"Go to sleep now John. No no no... Don't wake up again John. You should have given me the lasagna John!"
Am I the only one thinking this isn't cute at all?! Look at that cat's face! They are secretly evil!
r/CatsAreAssholes
It’s weird that he wears a watch to bed and it’s not just me right
r/catsthatwantyoudead
Why is this on r/aww???
/r/Hitmanimals
I thought cats were supposed to *steal* one's breath during one's sleep. This cat has his breath locked up tighter than if were in a Gringott's vault.
Catatonic
This belongs in r/peoplefuckingdying
So he's getting attacked by a furry Facehugger while he sleeps, lol.
...sssch...now my child...ssssssch....it will all be over soon....🤣🤣🤣
r/hitmanimals probably already been mentioned but eh whatever
A human with this lack of survival instinct should never have survived this long. We're being watered down, people.
Just gonna adjust this for accuracy: https://i.imgur.com/3TKelI7.jpg
Human is warm. Jzargo will hug human as he sleeps. Human can not know Jzargo likes him so.
It is a new sleep disorder called obstructive sleep catpnea.
We breathe through me now Jon.
Eerily similar to that myth that cats try to "steal your breath" while youre sleeping...
Looks about right.
r/peoplefuckingdying
Story of my life in the 16lb Mainecooniverse.
Sleep Catnea.
Plot twist... He doesn't own a cat.
Sleep well John...
No not "awww".

This cat is legit trying to get rid of him for good.
My frickin dogs do this too like I'll be hanging out in the living fall asleep on the couch and one curls up on my chest like a normal dog and the other starts either clawing my face because it's not comfortable for him or slowly lower himself down and suffocate me. They are both beagles btw.
this is what you get for not feeding me my favorite snack.
It's a trap! Mfmfmgmmg an adorable trap!
If you look at the pic a bit differently you might see the cat biting his face and a demented look.
The cat tried to strangle him. Nobody can be trusted
Sleep Catnia
u/Moroznie_Apelsinki так же спит?)
I bet the name of that Cat is Apnea 😼
Why didn't he try opening his eyes
how in the hell does he stay asleep??  also that's why I have a "no pets in the bedroom" policy.
That’s one furry facehugger.
117k upvotes in 20h wtf
Always feed the cat - if not it WILL suffocate you in your sleep.
Let me help you sleep, Jon.  Eternal sleep.
U/YazmindaHenn
Plot twist he doesn't have a cat
Disturbing picture- put cat out of room and 🔐 door or use a cat cage.
There is no way the title is true. But hey, nice karma.
Why do ppl have to make up fake stories for these pics?
@stluis_htx is his twitter account
I also use a camera to diagnose what would appear to be a medical issue.
Who TF sleeps with their watch on? No wonder his cat was trying to take him out.
Was that fake title really necessary?
r/stevenuniverse
That title makes zero sense.

If he knew he was having trouble breathing at night, he probably woke up at least once due to that. In that case he would obviously have noticed a cat sleeping on his face, no?
Fake. If you can’t breathe you’d most likely wake up to gasp for air and see the cat on your face. How would he even remember he can’t breathe while sleeping?
People with sleep apnea are not aware of their condition in many cases, unless they wake up gasping.
So he could tell that he couldn’t breath when sleeping but couldn’t tell that there was a cat on his face?
That’s not awww at all. That’s dangerous, unsanitary, and the cat is trying to establish dominance
I want one
Hungry Joe anyone?
I stared at this for a solid minute waiting to see the cat move until I realized it was a picture.
I'm sure it's been said 50 times already

But this looks like a case of sleep purralysis.
What kind of psycho sleeps on their back?
Being covered in fur every morning didn't give it away?
This is why I sleep with the door closed.
I don’t think that’s cute. I think the cat selfishly was trying to quiet the snoring noise.
Die!!!!
Kitty wants hugs.
Wowzers this is aww-some!
If I just smother him a little bit it's quiet enough for me to sleep.
Noice
funny!
That cat is trying to suffocate him in his sleep..
At least it wasn’t stealing his soul
What a catastrophe
Hitcat?
This is a cats plan in action. 

"Human shall not forget to feed me one second late next time!"
cat facehugger
This is actually adorable
Lol
That darn cat.
Cat secretly trying to slowly smother the owner while he's unaware.
It's well-known that cats wait until you are asleep and then suck your breath. Fact.
What's new pussycat?
Cat: Shhhh it'll be over soon, just go to sleep
cat be like: "*shhhhh, this is for not giving me tuna Daniel"*
Die.

&nbsp;

-Cat
Probably r/pettyrevenge
That’s what he gets for taking a cat nap
...he probably snores like a chainsaw and the cat does that to shut him up...
Who’s cat is it? Has he seen it before?
when i was growing up my parents always told me never to leave a cat with a baby coz the cat will sleep on the baby's face. its one of those things that always stuck in the back of my mind like an indoctrination. i guess they were right all along lol
This is why you don't allow your pets to watch groundbreaking Academy Award winning movies with tragic endings.

Cat will probably pick up his water bowl and smash it through the window and run off into the night.
Only way the cat can get him to stop snoring.
A literal catnap
When i first got my cat she would snuggle under my beard in the winter. Now shes a total spaz and hides under the bed.
Storytime:

Dad had a cat that hated most people, except for him and mom. This cat would climb the drapes in their bedroom, wait until dad got up to get her down and then run down the drapes like a bat out of hell and hide under the bed. Crazy cat, for the life of me can't goddam remember her name...

Well, when I was born the cat took the crazy to a whole new level and climbed into my crib at about 6 months old and sat on my chest and tried to shove her face into my mouth. Essentially a mini version of the above except with a baby.

Cats are fricken crazy homicidal muffins on legs, I have 6 of them!
The blessing of a furry face hugger.  I miss mine everyday. Please love on yours for me 💓
Ah yes....sleep catnia
Is the man not the man? 

Wake up, man!
Cats are evul
ssssshhhhhhhhhh it'll all be over soon
Suffocating on love
Cat: Why...wont...you...fucking....DIE??
r/hitmanimals
Shhhhh no tears, only dreams now.
Catlien: On Face... No one can hear you scream.
Sleep Catnea
“Shhhhh shhh shh it’s okay it’s okay it’s okay, sleep now, only dreams only dreams...”
Do you think the cat does that because of the heat?
Suffocated by love
He was literally loved so much it took his breath away.
Ahh yes the doings of evil fur devil 'cate'
Cut my life into pieces, this is my last resort.
Suffocation, no breathing.
Don’t give a fuck if I cut my arm bleeding.
Cat: "Shh, shh, it'll be over soon."
Im sorry Jon... there is no escape
[That's how my cat sleeps on me](http://tinyimg.io/i/IX7vbQd.jpg)
Kitty had to stop the snoring somehow.
Why is this on aww this is terrifying.
Is this where the myth that cats steal baby's breath comes from?
All I can think of is Kevin Meany and the bit he used to do where his mom would tell him, “Get that puss off your face!”
You don't need a CPAP machine hooman.
U R P U S S Y I S C H O K I N G M E
Atleast he's not getting attacked in his sleep by his cat
Saw it on YouTube, cat having nightmares and attacks his owner in his sleep
Look at the intent in those eyes, something is up!
He just wants to collect life insurance so he can buy that boat he's been contemplating.
Why is this in aww... this is disturbing. Lol
That is the best reason for not being able too breaths
r/CatsAreAssholes
Psychocat
Another mistery of the world solved.
That cat knew what he was doing
2meirl
r/animalsbeingjerks
/R/prorevenge
Posted by  /u/mittens_teh_cat                  2h  
 "You dont give me food, i dont give you acess to oxygen"



Meow(my human forgot to fill my dish before bed)

Meow( so i sleep on his face till he wakes up or turns blue due to oxygen starvation)

Meow(tl:dr humans remember to feed your cat before you sleep)
This'll be SO much better than dry food.
And this is why you should never leave a cat with a sleeping baby
Maybe this is where the "cats will steal your breathe" thing came from lmao
Omg a post I’ve never seen before!
Man, I know this is random but I just lost my cat three days ago and she looks a lot like that and that shit just hurt me right now😔 I never got lucky to cuddle with me like that
I have a similar problem with my dog. He gets on my bed while I am sleeping and practically pins my legs down while lying on them and wakes me up, like I panic but then I see him and fall back to sleep, but he takes me out of REM cycle. I regret letting him sleep with me but if I don't he whines like I am torturing him. I don't know how to fix the problem.
Your snoring bothers me hooman. I will fix it
Am glad mine just sleeps on top of my head and hogs the pillow...
Why is this r/aww the cat is clearly attempting homicide slowly but surely
/r/hitmanimals
He would wake up, this happens to me all the time and you definitely breathe in fur
the cat alien.
I didnt realize they were remaking Stephen King's "Cat's Eye."
My cat does this to me too and I have weird dreams,  lol
That’s Huple’s cat and Hungry Joe
You think that’s cute, I think it’s scary.
😂😼😸
OMG! Hungry Joe was real.  And his cat really WAS trying to suffocate him!
Plot twist. He's got a heavy snore and the cat is helping the rest of the house sleep. :)
Not sure if this is "awww" but okay. haha
“Ssssshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh it’ll all be better soon”
Cat knows what it’s doing
Shhh, no tears now, only dreams...
"The man never shuts up. Had to send a message."
This wins the internet today for me.
That cat is choking him and holding him hostage
“Goodnight sweet prince”
Haha i couldn't even see the cat and i was waiting for it to come in and sit on his chest until i looked closer.
Was anybody else waiting for this cat to blink because they I thought it was a video?
 That's  an aww fuck that
I swear I thought this was a video for a solid 30 seconds.
Caught furry handed
DeadlyAww
Stop that friggin snoring!
Am I the only one who thought it was a video, could swear I saw the sheets move??
i really thought this was a gif
Sleep Catpnea
Wasn’t that a premise of a movie where the cat was stealing their breath or something
Why do cats do this? My cat used to try to sleep on my face
Go to sleep Jon...
Yes... it'll all be over soon
A man has no face.
Presh
this is so me
I thought I was in /r/nosleep for a second.
I used to have a cat that did that sometimes.  Not sure why.
Cats own us, I swear.
Paranormal Cat-ivity
Hit cat
I call bullshit!
Why is the first thought to install a camera rather than going to see the doctor if you cant breathe?
Aww :3
Well, I guess I'll just die.
This reminds me of that goosebumps story- girl finds stray cat, cat starts suffocating her and trying to take over her body basically?

Not a huge cat fan after reading that.
I have waited at least 9s to see something to move.....not a video
My cat does that to me but I'm a light sleeper-
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EAHE4iZU4AENWsh.jpg
this actually makes want to... well


*UWU*
It knows what it's doing
ASSASSINATION ATTEMPT!!! I knew they where out to get us!
I would have assumed the hair balls would have given it away.
I hear sleep catnea is a serious condition
Worth it. Good kitty wanted some love.
At least it’s not a tiny goblin...
My cat does this too, except he puts his butt right on your face.
The scariest thing is he wears a watch to sleep

Edit: I can spell
How could a dead person install a camera?
That cat definitely knows what it’s doing.
And somehow I survive each night with 4 cats vying for space on my face. 

Actually only the youngest likes to try to suffocate me. He sort of flops on my face, it's how he snuggles I guess. But if I slowly move enough to breathe he doesn't seem to notice.  The other three are happy to either lounge on my hip or risk their very lives by sleeping by my very kicky feet.
Swap the cat with a dog and you got a picture of me
Awww? You don’t know cats do you?
All I can think of is the latest season of Strabger Things. "Try not to move. It'll soon be over."
This is for changing my brand of Kitty litter.
So he needed a install a camera to tell him the cat was on his face. I call. Bullshit.
How did my cat get there!!!
As a light sleeper...how the fuck does that not wake you up!?
Best way to die
Sweet burden.XDDD
That’s sleep paralysis right there
It's trying to steal his soul...
Now he has a hard decision to make. The cat laying on his damn face while he sleeps is clearly a problem, and the only quick solution I can think of is to lock the cat out of the room while he sleeps. But that cat clearly adores him, so if I were him I'd feel terrible for doing it.
Why would a camera help someone figure out why they can’t breathe while they sleep? Very irrational caption for a repost.
Shhhh Dave, just let it happen...
Who the heck thinks to install a camera when they have a hard time breathing when they're sleeping?!
As if he wouldn't make up from not being able to breathe and find his cat on his face..
I thought this was a video and I was waiting for it to move..
The Versa is stupid .. there is no way that is comfortable to sleep in.
Kinda reminds me of the movie "Cat's Eye".

He's stealing your breath.
Reminds me of Alien.

Hello my baby hello my honey....
How’d he know he couldn’t?
I don’t understand how would u know that he can’t breathe if he’s asleep because if he woke up from it he would see a cat on top of him
Now that’s where the neighbors cat went.
Wait till the end, it's hilarious!
Who is Erica ?
No wonder. He's allergic to cats!
Pretty sure he didn't need a camera to figure out what was going on
My golden would do this to me. 

Imagine that cat replaced by a 30pound dog.
Took me way too long to realise this wasn’t a video.
The new Paranormal Cativity movie looks pretty dope
My kitten does this. Not looking forward to him becoming a 12 pound ball of purring suffocation
this is why babies and cats should never be left alone together, at least according to my mom.
Cats are evil fuckers
Your bedroom door, close it. (got a pet that opens doors ? install a round doorknob.)
Shhhhh human, only dreams now
such a catastrophy!
Demonic cat,

Everyone:Awwwww the cat is trying to snuggle with him!

Me: WHERE THE FOCK IS MY KNIFE?
As opposed to opening his eyes?
Proof cats are evil
Omg lol.
Go ta sleep bitch!!
Cat paralysis
*. . . . . now die*

\- cat maybe
Huple's cat claims another victim
My cat does something similar, he does it in the morning if he wants to be fed, usually it starts with him pawing my face and biting my chin, then it I ignore him, he lays across my face.
How the hell can people sleep through something like this? When my cat jumps onto my bed while I’m sleeping I’m instantly awake.
We also found out he is brain-dead
Who sleeps with their watch on and a cat on their face.
[deleted]
Real question tho: what do you do to stop it?
Some cats do this to babies as well, so parents need to be careful
definitive proof that your cats want you dead.
It's weird that he never woke up.
r/imsorryjon
r/imsorryjon
Gonna hafta to wear a damn spiky helmet to bed with that adorable jerk around
My girlfriend used to do this. You snore.
my life every night ::
aww what a cute little face hugger
He doesn’t really need to breathe does he
/r/unexpectedcatch22

Poor Hungry Joe
We recently brought a 10 week old kitten into the house and she does this *literally* all night long. To only me. The one with asthma. 

If I'm alive in 3 months, I'll update. Ha!
Looks like the cat is suffocating the dude.  Should the cat be allowed to live in his home?
How do you know you can't breathe when you're asleep??
M. Night Shamalamalaman twist...his cat died years ago!
My rag doll does this too! It's awful because his breed is so heavy
I have always said, cats are evil. I'm so serious.
Aww he just wanted to cuddle 🥰🐱
Captain will steal your breath
I’m allergic to cats and this is how every cat acts when I’m around them.
On the next episode of Forensic Files...
r/PeopleFuckingDying
This is adorable and terrifying.

Also giving up breathing for such a cute hug is totally worth it.
Wow. Looks like my cat. She sleeps along the top of my head.
Same here 😴
...jealous
Reminds me of this one cat my grandparents had
You can't spell endangerment without german
Poor Hungry Joe... No wonder he had nightmares.
My old cat used to do that all the time. I'd wake up with him draped across my face a couple times a month. Worst part was when he did it in the summer, then it was a race to see if the heat he was radiating would wake me up before the lack of air.
r/hitcats
r/imsorryjon
How would he know he couldn’t breathe while he was asleep without knowing his cat was laying one him?
As someone who is pretty allergic to cats...this is the stuff of nightmares
Kitty says at last I shall have my revenge for not getting wet food
Couldn't relate more. Except I wake up to it. Multiple times a night
Isnt this that same cat that stared at his owner while he slept
Don't be fooled. This cat was trying to smother its owner.
Aww? This cat is attempting homicide!!
The cutest assassin.
Oh he has a C-Cat Machine
I could die that way
When my grandmother gave birth to my father they sold their two siamese cats. They were afraid of what you can see on the pic

Not joking
Coincidently, he also discovered why he'd wake up with a furry tongue..
Reaffirms my theory that cats subsist not on food, but the life force of human beings.
So you didn't buy a feline breathing mask??
I'd fucking shit myself if I felt something on top of me while sleeping. When I was younger, some cousins came to my house. One of them was like 5. I was asleep. For some fucking reason she decided to come my room and just stand there. I can't explain the dread I felt when I woke up to her breathing. I wasn't thinking clearly and very nearly punched her. Good thing I decided to stand up and just turn on the lights.
If the movies are correct, a kitten is gonna burst out of his chest.
Lion is just trying to get Steven to see inside his mane.
r/catsareassholes
Warmest spot to lie.
His breaths were cat burgled.
*Guess I'll just die*
I’m fairly certain cats doing this to babies in the Middle Ages ( and suffocating them) is where the phrase “cat got your tongue” comes from.
r/hitmanimals
Now that’s a cat nap
"aww" ... im actually scaried
he's just trying to stop the little troll in the wall from stealing his breath...
Strangely the hairballs didn't tip him off.
A cat knows why
This is good way to die honestly
Shirt and a watch? Did he put on his work clothes before going to bed?
This is why cats can’t be around babies.
Good for snugs
Plot twist: the man does not own a cat.
Like a face hugger from alien except a cat
/r/imsorryjon
Paranormal  Cativity
ive woken up to my beardie doing this too, not as bad but she will rest her head or upper torso over my face
Catdio Pulmonary Resuscitation
Evil cats
Who sleeps with their Apple Watch on
r/hitmanimals
Purranormal Activity.
/r/hitmanimals
I had a roommate who moved out & she left her cat (until she could take it at her new place) & that is when I started waking up in the morning with a cat curled up on my face.
That's not aww, that's how babies suffocate and die.
Did anyone else think this was a gif at first and just stare at it for him to jump awake.
Ooooo my!
I watched this video for a really long time. Too long.
Ah ha ha ha!!!
That's some Purranormal Activity going on right there.
What's the name of that movie where the little goblins try to steal your life Force through your breath, and the cats protect you?
Ain’t no love like cat love
Initially I didn't look at the picture carefully enough and thought I saw a spider crawling into his mouth.
Does this man sleep on a mountain of pillows? All I see is pillows everywhere
Shhhhhh nothing but dreams now.
Those alien facehuggers are evolving
Cat: "Shh shh shh...sleep forever"
Cat tries to suffocate owner while sleeping
Fools. The cat knew what it was doing.
The twist: He has sleep apnea and the cat is trying to align his jaw for better airflow.

Edit: A word.
I am Jeffrey Dahmer's kitty.

I must smother you so you can never leave my side!

Except,


when I go to eat, then, and only then, will I let you up....
Since cats find snoring to be a sign off aggression and they are compelled to snuff it out
He attac
A ghost cat??!!
It's just a cat allergy, take some antihistamines , you'll be fine...
The cat just wants his inheritance early.
Obstructive sleep catnea
Any man who sleeps with a watch on deserves their fate
We all know who the benefactor to his insurance policy is.
I can't decide. Cute or morbid?
My grandpa used to hate cats, and his only explanation as to why was “they’ll steal your breath”. You were right, old man. You were right.
I like how this cat is low-key suffocating his owner and this is posted in /awww
Cat'sEye: Cat's will steal your breath
ladies and gentleman we got him
The cat has noticed his breathing problems also and is investigating
KITTY LUV RITE HERE
Why does the cat look like it's blushing?
That’s called sleep catpnea. It’s deadly. There are c-catp machines to help with that. I have one and I sleep like a baby now.
Where do I get one of these masks for my CPAP machine?
His lungs must be filled with hair balls
That's nightmare stuff, not awww
Aw who needs to breathe anyway.  I want a fuzzy face hugger.
