Love her running style!
How often does this dude cry that the monkey learned to comfort him?
Her instant concern and that slender man run...

She is so pure and lovely.
Awww she is Gibbon you some lovins!
Ok that Slenderman run is something out of my nightmares though
This video is cute and scary at the same time.
Long arms to help the long face
r/animalsbeingbros
Great hugging arms.
If I saw that thing running towards me I'd actually start crying
My cousin used to have a parrot that would rush to him as soon as he made any distress audible. If the bird was within view of him, the bird would rush if he fell or collapsed or pretended to. It was amazingly cute.
[deleted]
As much I like this video, I feel these animals are not supposed to be caged or kept as pets. If it’s a temporary shelter for rescue, then it’s fine. However, we shouldn’t encourage such videos as it leads to more poachers stealing babies from adults to be able to sell them in the black market.
I jumped a little when the bag hanging on the wall turned into a imp demon and dashed towards the mentally weak victim
 He is shx_777 on Snapchat and shx777 on ig. I can’t quite tell if they are all privately owned and everything is in Arabic but this guy treats the animals so well, I can tell they love him. He plays with monkeys and bears and tigers every day. My favourite video of his is when a bear is chasing him, then he chases the bear, and then they wrestle together, so cute!
What a lovely animal.... that I'm fairly sure isn't meant to be a pet....
Wow, that primate has more empathy than a good chunk of my countrymen. (I'm American.)
ITT: Thinly veiled racism
Must be nice to have that oil money you can afford your own petting zoo
Friend? More like slaver.

Isnt this the same guy who owns a bear? Some saudi guy with too much money and too little brains?
Boring zoo fact here, that’s actually a male Bc all male white cheeked gibbons are black with white cheeks and all females are white with black cheeks. Yay fun ok bye
She gibbon him a hug!
“Wild animal kept as a pet, likely illegally traded or born of illegally traded parents seeks some emotional bond being depraved of her own species” FTFY....
I'd shit my pants if I saw that running at me at night
What kind of dog is this? Looks exotic.
Actually thought it was gonna slap him lmfao
Yeah that’s cute. But without a source I’d like to know why it’s in a cage, in what looks to be an empty, non stimulating pen
[deleted]
[removed]
That's so damn cute, animals are so precious
I was at zoo/Safari in Sandusky and they had a Gibbon exhibit. Out of nowhere they all started howling in unison. It was weird and unusual as we had been there awhile and they had done nothing like that up until that point. It was then I realized there was a bald eagle circling above a nearby pond and they were sending out an alert. 

Pretty cool.
That’s actually a male white handed gibbon. You can tell it’s a male since it’s black. Baby white hand gibbons are white when they are born, but only male turn black.
Gibbon the best hugs.
We don't deserve you, gibbon.
Like her how quick responded & running !!!
Am i the only one who finds it kind of terrifying
See, while it looks identical to my sister in law, the monkey actually has empathy
A friend would let her go....
Don't worry, I coming, I coming. I will give you two full hugs at once with these arms!
YOO that’s a wild lookin dog
I thought it was a coat hanging in the cage at first
And now I'm scared of gibbons, thanks 😂
Those arms were made for hugging
The amount of people that just flat out criticize and are quick to raise conclusions scares me!
This is awesome, the guy is a legend. I hope he doesn't get eaten at any point, though.
What kind of monkey is that? Can it rip me to shreds like other kinds?
My family used to visit Hua Hin when I was little and the hotel we stayed at had a Gibbon. During night time he was the most affectionate and cuddly thing, day time however, that fucker would steal my sand bucket when I walked by and chased me with it.
If i did this and my friend saw me, he'd just shout over at me to "stop being a whimp" Money love is nicer than humanities love.
It's cute and all... but, I wasn't prepared for her arms.
Some nonhuman primates have more social intelligence than some people.
AHHH SHE GAVE HIM A HUG  
that's some quality content
That’s one cute monkey
u/vinni0001
This thing is fucking terrifying. Cute, but terrifying.
u/kissdogs
Plug walk
That run was fucking terrifying
Maybe she didn't want him to blow up
Is this guy inside Area 51?
He apparently cries infront of that monkey quite alot.
I love Gibbons! They are so cute. I like that clip of the gibbon getting the heebie jeebies when he saw a rat. Lol
r/notsomischievousgibbons
This just made my day, thank you. So Fucken wholesome
Full video??? Original source??? I neeeed more!
You sad over there? Not for long, friendo!
Fuck this EXOTIC ANIMALS ARE NOT PETS!
It's totally cute that it cares, but holy fuck are monkeys creepy when they run.
I need an emotional support monkey!
Ngl, kinda terrifying
Whats vexing you bro? U wanna banana?
WHAT HAPPEN?!
Oh, she’s beautiful.
I would be unable to do anything all day except for monkey hugs.
Gibbons are rad. This makes me laugh every time https://youtu.be/b9Pt2qgSqJw
Awww she is so precious.

What is her name and can I hug her?
Is this one of those rich Arabs who keep exotic animals as pets?  If so, this is not cute at all.
she's gorgeous
[deleted]
This is so wholesome. 😭
Fuck everything about this. Some rich Saudi owning exotic animals for the sake of it. This isn't "awww" material.
You bamboozled a monkey. You earned that wink, yeah buddy,
Me at 3am running to my fridge for shredded cheese
“I’m gibbon you a hug!”

...I’ll show myself out now.
I also fake cry for hugs.
Animals get way less credit for intelligence than we give them.
Nothing more wholesome and terrifying than a long friend running up to hug you
So we had a dog that had been stray and my sister adopted it to save it. It didn't like being leashed, and escaped. We chased it thru the neighborhood for an hour. Then my sister sat down and started to cry, and the dog came right over to her.
This is adorable, but reminds me of thirsty guys sliding into the DMs of a recently single girl.
That is one of the best aww's in a long time. I just hope his oil rich ass treats her right
It's so cute but so, so, so disturbing
She's gibbon you a hug.
Empathy is common in almost all apes.
Stop gibbon her a hard time
Never in my life did I think a 13 second clip could make me tear up this much
Well another rich Saudi Princes weird flex...
[removed]
Serious Question here. What kind of occupation is this. I’m pursuing a degree in biology and I want to work around animals like this.
She cares about him.
We dont deserve the love animals give us I swear
that shit looks creepy as hell. WTF IS IT!
She's Gibbon out free hugs.
This primate has more empathy then a large majority of humans and that is embarrassing.
[deleted]
This remind anyone of the beast titan
I thought that was French Montana for a sec
She runs like Winston from Overwatch.
[removed]
I need one of those sometimes.
Can’t wait for my next flight with a therapy monkey.
Lol me
We don’t deserve animals
Wish someone or thing would care that much when I cry.... lol
I'm going to end my Reddit day with this. Thanks.
That run lol
That's why they evolved such long arms: better for hugging
Sometimes it's all about the real simple moments like this.  Thank you for sharing.
Dude imagine these monkeys could box damn
Why is there a monkey here? Excuse me I'll take one please
This is amazingly adorable
Gibbons are my favorite primates.
hylobates love
Is this how the 1% live and love?
That monkey looks like it was made for hugging.
Damn, wish I had my own zoo.
If you feed her a bunch of bananas will she follow you and hang on a lever, opening a gate to a giant monkey head?
She looks so soft!
I could use a therapy gibbon
I love monkeys and apes. I wish I had one.
There’s nothing like having a friend to console you when the chi(m)ps are down.
Did you just bleach your teeth for the 8th time in a month?
A R M G I R L E
Most species of Gibon are Endangered.
Nice eyesight!
Something about the other animals being locked in cages makes me uneasy to say the least.
That how you run when you forget your towel for the shower
Is this that same guy who was running around with that big bear?
We don't deserve animals 😭❤️
Mom I’m scared
Raheem Sterling
Aww this is too cute
Gibbons are the cutest
kkk
Omg. That monkey is kinder and more supportive than all of my friends.
Nice windigo
This is how I run at my friend's when I see them crying.
Yo, that monkey is upside down.
Wait till she finds out you were fakin it !
such a gentle soul
Soo cute !!!
Her?
“I helps!!!”


Me wants one!!!
Hypersensitive
What animal is this and who is this dude
I love this monkey
Zoboomafoo!
I fuckin love gibbons man
Is this why Neymar is always crying?
Blows my mind how it’s originally hanging by it’s arms
Adorable.
I need this in my life.
Love them
two very cute monkeys :3
Wholesome <3 could use one right now 😔
Could be a r/likeus
The sweet look of concern on her face!
This is the kind of friendship I need right now.
Got scared for a second there....
This is love...that is real love. Amazing
I love that empathy run.  I love animals so much.
You know that he discovered this behavior by legitimately crying in front of the monkey earlier
I don't care what y'all say that run was creepy af.
Não merecemos os animais
r/animalsbeingbros
Awwwwwww 🙈
Cutest walk everrrr!
Do you go there to cry often?
Day one
Awwwww, such a sweetie 🤗❤️
That is sooo sweet!!
Where are you and what kind of primate is that? I love him!
What a doll
Looks like the temple run things running after u
/u/vredditshare
Imagine seeing that thing run towards you at night in a dodgy part of town.
Humans: have you tried going to therapy? Or taking a pill?
Those who think/say that animals have no emotions and cannot feel compassion are nuts.
This thing 4 times as big hunting for you at night in the woods, just imagine.
Animals are better than humans.
When she is running, all I can hear is that one guy from "Family Guy" that says "Oh, noooo."
wow more supportive than all my friends
Yeah that's not a zoo
We don't deserve monkeys
I love those monkeys! I remember I had a stuffed animal like that. The hands had velcro on the hands and you could have it wrapped around you
This is slightly cursed...
“We bought a zoo!” - no one ever
I had a cat that would do this, wrap his paws around you and everything. Sweetest boy ever.
That's not a goat!
Ok fun. Nice. Great. But I thought she was slenderman for a second and it scared the crap out of me
As opposed to Enrique Iglesias...who just loves to see you cry....
And she's kept in a cage 🤮
What's sad is I run like that and I'm a man
Those arms are made for hugging!
I wish I had a girlfriend too
Thats how friends work
We don’t deserve animal friends
Nothing beats a Gibbon!
That was his best chance to escape
Aww look at the person with his exotic pets.
That's so fr*cking wholesome
Ahh, yes, I had a relationship like that once.
We dont deserve cute but creepy slenderman monkeys.
this is the cutest shit i've seen all day
Why don’t I have friends like that 😂
I’m sure this is a male gibbon, the females are orange.
Ah. I see she’s adopted the Naruto 🍥 running style
S O   B A S i C A L L Y   I    A M    M O N K e Y
Honestly that scared me at first lol
if only my dog was this kind to me...
That little strut is me on the way to eat shredded cheese out of the fridge at 3am
That beautiful soul has more empathy than the president.
Why you gotta make me cry like this lol
When that lemur is more empathetic than most humans
Ah lowd she commin’
Gibbon?!... GIBBON!🤗 The closest primates get to flying between trees😍
“Hey hey hey hey hey hey, what going on there, pal?”
Nice
Ive sean one of your popular post before lol keep us the good work.
I love gibbons
I love gibbons. They're so unique. Currently the only type of ape in the "lesser ape" category of primates.
Ah yeah that's definitely cute it's not spooky at all!
u/vreddit_bot 

make vidya please
My dog does that.
 Look at those arms. what does she bench?
Looks like she bit him on the chest at the end haha
Aw what a cutie
Wow, amazing!
Aw so sweet ♥️
How lovely!!
Oooh no that hair is going all over that pristine white
He has nice teeth
r/aww ... oh it’s already here.
The best!
What a sweet, pretty baby 💓
Imagine you're lost in the woods at night and you see one of these sprinting towards you while t-posing
That beautiful creature would save the world if it could
D'AWW! I bet Gibbons give the best hugs. Now I feel like my life won't be complete until I get hugged by a Gibbon.
My cat bites me when I cry
😍
Those long arms are built for hugs
So precious
wow, that's remarkable.
Amazing
That's low-key terrifying though
What does Furby craze all about?
Bit of monkey business going on there
Me when my friend needs support and comfort
Today, this is the best thing.
Me.. and you.. and ZOBOOMAFOO!!!

https://youtu.be/jj9u6SGB_GY
We have discovered a new run to get into Area 51. GIBBON RUN! They cannot stop us.
I thought it was a guy hanging upside down
This is horrifying and adorable
Monkeys are so damn cute omfg
Comforting a friend is a great thing
That's sweet
Our guy from Saudi reached the world yay 💃🏽, he also has a tiger a lion and many other animals that don’t get along together and he made them love each other’s like a mother does 😂❤️
Is that the principal in Amazing World of Gumball ? Regardless it's adorable!
Is that shirt extra starched. Looks fresh.
Gibbon some love
"don't fret, fan! One comfort coming, stat!"
OH LAWD SHE COMIN’!!
The way she hugs him, that melted my heart <3
These primates are going to take over the world.
Hope heaven is like this
My dog does that whenever I cry he runs over to me and pokes at me with is nose and insists on sniffing my ear (lol idk why though) then if I’m not getting any better (because when you smash your toes really bad sometimes you can’t stop crying for a bit lol) he’ll run about and try and find someone else to come and see me. He’s so cute and I love how compassionate animals are.
This is wholesome af
I thought it was going to be a dog that came running over, I was so surprised, LOL! Soooo sweet!!~~~
r/AnimalsBeingBros
/u/vredditshare
Result: https://imgur.com/ko1LHWd.gifv
Ohhhhhhh so fcking cute... i wish im rich and buy and nice house and get alot of pets love and take care of them.but im broke.. struggling taking care of my self...😔
10 doesn’t exist.
From now on, that's how I'll run.
Gibbons always look so huggable
Wish I had a friend like that
she has those super hugging arms
Slender monkey
What a sweetie.
His snapchat: shx_777
She is awesome.  I had to watch over and over
Cute but honestly those arms are so long it's kinda terrifying
Nice
What kind of monkey is that?
Take my gibbon and give me money
Aww, I really like how quickly she decides to go over and hug
The long arms reminded me of the monkey monsters from spyro 1 in the beast makers world.
at first i thought this is gonna be a dog video again, then that guy came out of nowhere...
Aww
This honestly made my day, thank you.
That run is oddly terrifying to me.
L O N G
still these animals should not be kept in captivity
Doesn't everyone teach their gibbons in their private zoo these things?
She's beautiful. Her loping gait reminds me of a ballet dancer's moves in PostPostModern Dance. Anything Goes.
this is the single most wholesome thing
Slender man...
Monkey is not a pet u rich moron
All of his videos https://youtu.be/K-4QKMrujWU he's a very cool guy!

Edit: at 12:00 he have a very epic fight with an extremely dangerous bear
The monkey looks like the beast Titan from attack on titan
Fuck that's too cute. I'm gonna be sick.
What are these called
My dog does the same thing.
One night, coming home, tired for a long day at work, your car suddenly shut down. You try to call for help, but your phone also shut down, for low battery. You are alone, no one around. You exit the car, and start to cry for the stress.

Then, you see this running to you.
That's... not a zookeeper.
Thats very sweet. But you really shouldnt have a pet gibbon
My stomach made a weird noise and I thought the gif had sound and it was the monkey
I don't like seeing him cry either!
My running to the fridge at 3 in the morning
My daughter does the same thing
Some animals have more compassion than most humans.
She runs over like “ I gotchuuuuuuuu”
This is just like my cat's!
Would love to know how he figured that out...
I know this is supposed to be cute and all but the way she runs creeps me out
Me courageously comforting my crush like
sometimes i feel we don’t deserve this sort of affection... this will never not be cute as hell and back
Awwwww sweetie
She walks like that meme with the woman on the stage.
ITT: Reddit is butthurt
Gibbons are fucking ace
Freddy Kruger in Nightmare on elm st whatever number. Adorable yet Terrifying run.
r/wholesome
Zabumafu!!
Gibbons and great apes are our tree brethren.
I used to be scared of these lil monkeys but they are cute. What kind are they?
I love these little guys.

They have a few of them in a massive enclosure at a game park near me. Whenever I go there they want to hold my hand and walk with me around the enclosure.
gibbon me feelings
Therapist monky
It’s nice to see two monkeys getting along :,)
Aw what a gibber!
I don't know if this is the Steve Irwin of Saudi Arabia or just another horrible way human dragons exploit everything around them because they can.
My friends would run the same way just to laugh hysterically in my face
If I saw that thing trotting at me in the dark I'd light it up and shit my pants.
Make this a meme please
Gm walk-in like I do when I forgot my towel.
this is beautiful, and sweet, but im gonna be honest- that right there is too damn human and makes it creepy AF, lol
Everyone liked that
I wish someone cared for me that much
looks like fucking scp-096
Me coming downstairs to eat after mom says the guests are gone
I rlly wonder how every frraking animal he owns is so friendly to him

Cause he has alot exotic animals and they all love him 

Crazy tbh hope it will never go wrong
I have nightmares where a human is running after me like that.
Monkey good, sadness bad, monkey make happy
My god that's so cute, shes just adorable
MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMY SOUL
Ma Mamia its a so creepy
I want a pet monkey, but like I also don’t want my face ripped off for no reason one day
Slenderman was not a bad guy after all
Where was she when I had my heart broken??? :(
i wanna monkey
Love it!
It depends where the crying is coming from.
Awwwww
why don't I have fuckin sound in these videos dammit
That's really sweet . But if that was running at me I'd be scared shitless
It just swiggity swooties on over !
The face she makes, like "who the fuck did this to you"!?
Fuck that walking was kinda scary
We don't deserve these animals
Aww
The moment when she is running to him is scary as hell
Omg totally looks like Charlie from We Bare Bears. :D
😍😍 so sweet
We don’t deserve animals 🐒
This is so pure!!!
This looks like me running to hug my siblings after I hurt them and they were gonna tell mom
Who is this guy... swear he has more animals than the damn jungle itself...
Steeeeve!!!
Awwww
Awee
Awwwww <3 xx
It's so sad that animals care about is more than we care about them
I read her boyfried.
I would like to have a monkey that could huge me :/
How do I teach my dog this
Seeing that thing running towards me would scare me as much as "Grandpa" from "Get Out" sprinting at me.
Me when I want food at 2am:
The way that monkey ran looked so creepy with the long arms
Why does this look like me when I'm comforting someone
Jesus. I guess he’s seen you cry plenty of time lmao
My heart.
who else feels like this is a rich guy with exotic pets?
My first time ever seeing creepy and adorable at the same time
She runs like Zion
Gibbonns! You can't leave the desk like that!
I wish people were more like this
🥰
Can I have a friend like that?
How often does this man cry that she knows to do this right away?
I can't fucking even....
That’s awesome
Aww you made friends with Slender Man!
Animals are so pure and beautiful.  We could learn so much from them.
Her arms are too long!
I need this right now
That shows that animals have the insight to know emotional consciousness
I love Gibbons. They always cheer me up with their antics.  Thanks for sharing.
Now that's what we call a good friend!
Is that a gibbon?
I really love this
Bruh
So precious!!! She cares so much!
Wish I ran so gracefully
I showed this to my gf and she cried.
I didn’t see her at first and it scarred the hell out of me for a min.
Also, where do we get a monkey?
Wish my siblings were like this
Amazing
u/cw019
Imagine sitting in a dark room crying and it came running like that full speed
When monkeys are more humane than humans
Awwww we don't deserve animals 😭😭😭🥰🥰
That’s how I run with shopping bags in my hands
aww, such a loving friend
The reddit community demand of this
He way she runs
I know it’s cute but that walk running at me would make me run away
Slender  Monkey
We don’t deserve animals
So cute!!! Both of them ;)
I SMELL PENNIES
I wish my friends cared about me as much as she cares about him!
I think that's a male gibbon, given the white ring around his face.
Reminds me of Freddy Krueger in the first nightmare on elm street
What’s with these middle eastern people and wild animal pets? Just seems like I’ve seen it a lot lately.
Why the he'll do you have a slenderman as a pet?
Reminds me of a Fiend from Quake 1
A true friend
Monkey needs a hug...
I WASNT PREPARED TO CRY TODAY AAAAAA
That’s maaaaad 😂😂😂
Too cute!!!
I would fake-cry all day just for snuggles
I've never seen anything like this before so why can I hear this gif?
The little run has me 😂😂😂 but this here is super cute!!
Que mono tan bueno demen 20 de esos
She’s so sweet!
What a sweet gibbon! It's okay sweetheart, he's okay. He was just playing with you and luring you in for a hug!
Dogs are so empathetic it's amazing
She's wonderful!
Enjoy 😀
The boy who cried monkey
L O N G arms
I love animals.
So sweet!
That run is so creepy to me
Such a good friend
اويلاوه !؟
you got hella karma from this
Up until the hug this could also be interpreted as “Ah, weakness. NOW’S MY TIME!”
r/betterthanus
Ereeeeeeeen!
[removed]
I love that
He is about to blow with sadness.
We seriously don’t deserve the animals we have here...
Gibbons are just the best.
Man, I'll cry all day.
Empathy,  caring & wants to comfort
Yeah minor typo mistake, it happens to the best. Thanks for the heads up
Awww he gave it a hug too, very nice
She rushed over to watch
Thank You.  This is 13 seconds of PURE Heartwarming Beauty!  I’ve forwarded it a dozen times from Boston  to Brazil.  That response is universal.
What does it say tho, that our Monkey “Brother” 
(-a Male to boot) and many a Dog can be more empathic; instinctively Act with the ideal response
- - than Our own Species.
I could sure use that Gibbon embrace during my last 2 months of profound loss...
    But suddenly a Gibbon with a ribbon came flying to the rescue.
Thank You for posting this vid.
I have forwarded it a dozen times from Boston to Brazil —The response has been univ. “Great-full”

What does it say tho, that many a Dog and our genetic  “Monkey-cousin” (a male by the way) instinctively 
reACT in the Ideal comforting way?
- -When our own species often fall short with support?
Animals are the purest beings ♥
his name is osama 
snapchat : shx_777
he has other animals like horses lions bears and really really LOTS of others 
he speaks arabic tho
That monkey looks like me getting food at 3am
A
Very nice!
Ex TV∅l kindly K9 y1t n lab
Aw that’s sweet, that lanky critter is too cute
Aw! Look at this super rich guy with this black market poached from the jungle monkey do something cute with him!! Sweet

No, nothing about his IG account says it’s a sanctuary. Everything there points to rich guys w tons of what usually is illegal wild life
Her little run gets me every time.
Cute. But why is this critter in captivity?
This would be cute if it wasn't an exotic animal being held in captivity.
This was wholesome and made my evening
That’s a male gibbon. The boys are black. Females are white. They are lesser apes. Not monkeys. And they should most certainly never be pets.
[deleted]
Downvote for a black market gibbon. You people need to stop spreading this garbage.
Awww
Did monkey recognizes crying because he does it a lot himself from being put in that cage.
Awww
not gonna lie, if I would see that running behind me I would shit my pants.
Wholesome video that Arab dads send
I’ve seen that creature running towards me in my nightmares.
STEVE!
I get what you were going for, but holy fuck that thing running is the stuff of nightmares
I’m crying that he has a gibbon is a cage with no space to swing.

Gibbons spend most of their time high in the tree canopy and this guy looks like he’s keeping it in his garden.
"This is the best thing in the whole world" while giggling. 
- My reaction to this. And I'm a 36 yo guy usually not big on hyperbole.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
That's so cuteee
[removed]
She looks like the beast titan

Edit: Wow..Never thought I'd see the day when I'd get downvoted for comparing an animal to a cartoon/anime character .
**This is the real friend:))**
Stop making her worry :(
The endermen helps hooman who don't make eye contact
That’s so fuckin cute!
awwwe!
Nice
This is great
That is too cute
I want
