All breeds are welcome here. Stop the hate.
Walter
This lil guy was at Fresno Humane shelter you can check them out @fresnohumane :)
This is one damn good looking dog. How the hell can anyone ever abandon such a cutie?
It’s always amazing to me how two entirely different species that can’t talk to each other can have such a deep emotional bond, self included
What gets me the most is dogs at shelters *know* what the deal is. Especially the ones that stay for a while. They see dogs come, see people come and meet some of the dogs, spend a bit of time with one in particular, maybe visit once or twice more, then they come and hug the dog, take it with them. 

So when they have the person they connect with, when that person focuses on them, and then comes back again, they know. Makes me tear up seeing this little guy's look, he already loves his adopter. We really don't deserve dogs.
This is my human. There are many others like it, but this one is mine. My human is my best friend. It is my life.
That stare of unconditional love. He’s finally ready to love for the rest of his life
tell me one more time how i will never be alone

i cannot quite believe i have a human of my own!

i've waited here so long - so many people passed me by

i felt i didn't have a chance

sometimes it made me cry

i never in my life thought i would Ever feel such joy

you hold me in your arms, n you keep calling me 'Good Boy'!



today my life has started as you make my dreams come true 

n now  we'll share

'together love'

cuz now it's Me n You

❤️
I like fire trucks and moster trucks
r/dogsmirin
Ok now get OFF Reddit before something sux! Good place to quit for the day!!
The moment all the past years sadness melts away.
I don't think anything has ever looked at me with that much adoration.
Walter
Walter
That's a look of pure love
This just helped me become much closer to adopting a dog
This is why I can't go to PetSmart over the weekends. I already have two and I couldn't pass up an opportunity for 17 more needy pups.
"Dude, I'm imprinting so hard right now"
A pitbull question - do these dogs get their bad reputation STRICTLY because of shitty owners, or are they also more dangerous if they do attack?  I see all these Reddit posts and YouTube vids and these dogs seem to be absolute sucks compared to their reputation.  Are pitbulls more succeptible to aggressive behaviour when mistreated compared to other breeds?  Or is it strictly that this breed attracts shitty owners, and there is really no fear of behaviour issues if you treat them properly?  Or is there always that slightly higher chance that the dog may be aggressive even if you do treat them well?  Or do they have higher instances of injuries IF they attack, therefore getting a reputation of s bad breed?  Just curious...
Looks like the pup adopted the human and is promising to look after him forever
fire truck and moster truck
I’m not crying....I-I’m not.....crying...
My husky, when I brought her home, the the first few months she would just sit and wag her tail at me if I just talked to her. She lapped up any and all attention she was given and settled really quickly. She was a good dog. A typical husky, but she was a lovely dog, had such a lovely nature.
I’m crying on the freaking train and people are looking at me weird. So worth it though.
We all want someone too look at us the way this dogo looks at he's human(ahh I need to get myself  a dog right away).
He likes fire truck and moster truck
Best buds for life!     Thank you for saving Walter.   He looks like a love!
What a sweet pup 😭
This is how I look at my man when I want us to get McDonalds.
Sees pitbull.

Yup its sort by controversial time
Imprinting in progress
He likes fire trucks and moster trucks.
🚹 Walter Clements      2 weeks ago

I like fire trucks and moster trucks

Reply • 1 👍 👎

🚹Walter Clements     2 weeks ago

walter

Reply •  👍 👎
We don’t deserve dogs 😩
Walter feels so calm and happy...😊
What a beautiful dog!
Walter
Friend is nice.  I like friend.  I haven't had friend in a long time.  Please don't go away, friend.
I feel like it just went from an adoring face to an “ok you can stop it now, it’s getting weird” face
I like that guy
We don't deserve dogs
He still has the unsure eyes...... I sleep with dogs in my bed, I grew up with them, I love them more than anything, and I still can't put my face in the face of the dogs with the unsure eyes like this.
This is an undeniably sweet and touching moment, but it still makes me almost physically cringe to see someone put their face right up against a dog's face when they have only known the dog for a brief time. I've seen all too many horrific disfiguring bites to faces.

Nothing to do with breed. One of the worst I've seen was a young groomer who had finished grooming a Dachshund that she'd groomed a dozen times before, she was petting the dog and leaned in to kiss its head, and nearly lost her upper lip. She's had several plastic surgeries and still will forever have noticeable scars. Another person was cuddling a Lhasa in her arms, bent her head down to kiss it, and the dog ripped half her nose off. 

TL:DR - if you don't know a dog really well, keep your face away from the dog.
“I was waiting for you!”
[removed]
Walter also sees food in that beard
Tears have been successfully activated.
He looks straight in the eyes of that hooman.....
Omg I literally just woke up from a dream that had a dog that looked exactly like Walter! I was jumping around in a park and He came out of nowhere, and was super happy and excited and started jumping around w me.
I remember thinking what a good looking, happy dog, why is he out here alone, where’s his hooman, and now I know.
Pup has the “I will love you forever “  look. So damn adorable.
The dog looks scared and unsecure as fuck
This is cute, but you have to remember that dogs don’t ‘lovingly stare into eyes’. The same way we don’t sniff butts. 

This is very cute if you apply human body language to it. 
Otherwise, that dog looks nervous as shit.
this is too sweet
Crying. Crying into my lunch now 😭
Super cute but man, what the hell is it with these stores that just keeps the animals in cages out in the open for people to disturb them like this?
MY HEART. What a good boy.
powerful video
Gosh I love and hate videos like this. Just cause they're so adorable and I want to adopt them all. But then I get sad cause I can't :/
Me and the wife prefer to re-home puppers. I ended up with a great Dane that was bought as a size trophy. And then kept in a cage when they realized how much work they are ( not much more than normal IMHO ) and we recently took in a Pitt that was going to a shelter cause the owner was evicted.
Our other two are older dogs that were going to be put down due to medical costs .... 

Dogs are and should always be considered our companions .... Not our possessions / trophies.
Kind of how babies look when they see their mom for the first time
Walter
Does he like firetrucks?
Dogs are so incredibly kind and understanding. My German shepherd just turned 4 a month ago, and was put to sleep two days ago. His health was deteriorating due to severe allergies and kidney stones. He had surgery twice and nothing was helping. 

The love you can see in their eyes never fades. I was there when he was euthanized, and he just stared me in the eyes as he went. My heart has never hurt so much in my life. 

It just makes me so happy to see a person so loving taking in an animal that has been neglected. The way Walter just stares at him shows how much trust these animals have in humans and how important it is for us to provide for them. 

Congrats on the newest member of your family! I hope Walter gets his happy ending.
The man’s expression is quite moving as well.
My in-laws adopted a pitbull that I fostered for a few months, and fell in love with. Every time I visit I spend some time with her and she's just so full of love. I can't get enough of this breed. And compared to their clumsy-ass lab, she's so gentle and cuddly.
That’s the look......  don’t let Walter down.
walter
walter
"My name is Walter. I have just met you and I love you!"
That pup is already in love.
He likes fire trucks and monster trucks
Walter starts as his dad means for him to go on - absolutely adored.
walter
The pure look of adoration and love on his face is just melt-worthy. 💜💜💜
That look reminds me so much of my own Staffy. So gentle, so kind and friendly and just wants nothing but to be cuddled. When I walk with her outside and she sees strangers she rolls on her back right away and wants her belly rubbed. She does this with pretty much any person that shows they like her. With other dogs she's incredibly nice and well...my Lara couldn't hurt a fly.
One of the most misunderstood breeds associated with dog fights. Possibly one of the most loyal, gentle and carrying dogs if raised well.
My heart just got happy :)
I’m not crying. Yes I am. That’s the sweetest thing
That dog seems nervous.
Pitbull are the best dog. Nothing will convince me otherwise.
[removed]
Man I know this video is nice and all but it still bothers me how much pit bulls get a bad reputation just for their aggression. Heck, I would even say that pit bulls are among the sweetest and caring dog breeds that exist. It’s just the way they are trained that makes them feared of.
[deleted]
Personally I don’t find old men cute
The amount of love and hope in those eyes is just too much for me!
"Holy cow, I just got adopted by Santa!"
I’ve known so many pitties who will just lovingly stare up at you like this. My ex bf has two he neglects terribly. They got food that was it. Six months of me loving them and giving them proper care and exercise and the crazy one had calmed considerably and the frightened one would get loving embraces like the dog in the video. 
Two years later and they were pretty much like regular dogs. I wasn’t sad leaving the jerk but it broke my heart to leave them behind.
So I am really bad with dog breeds. But every video I see of this type puts a smile on my face. Can someone please tell me what they are called?
God I love Pitts will never own a different breed
That's the look of love. Pure unadulterated love. 

His eyes are absolutely gorgeous
So. Much. Love. In those eyes.
Please love him heaps......he looks in love.  Such a beautiful doggie
Judging by that sweet and kind looking man, you know the cute pupper is going to have a great life from now on.
When my dog makes that face it means “if you keep petting me for two more seconds, I’m going to bite you”
r/pitbulls
It's so pure, my heart is melting. I want a pittie/staffie so bad, they're such precious dogs
Officially one of the best things I’ve ever seen in my life 🥰🥰 Enjoy your new best friend!!
How can you look at that adorable face and say pitbulls are vicious??


Owners are vicious. Pitbulls aren’t.
Best boi, Walter!
[removed]
Well I'm crying. This is so lovely
Pure
That’s his human now
I adopted my pit mix.....greatest dog I have ever had.
Shit, man, I'm on the brink of tears. 

Context, I buried my senior rescue doxie last week. 14 years, of which 9 spent with me.
Pitbull smiles are the best smiles
[removed]
[removed]
Bruh last time I did this my dog bit me in the face and I had to go to the er lmao
Congratulations!! Such love!
Real question: do dogs get mildly sedated on adoption day to smooth out the transition?

I see so many so mellow and idk
Does he like fire trucks? Maybe moster trucks? Or is he just W a l t e r?
I can't wait until a dog looks at me that way 💕
Oh this is precious! What a beautiful doggo
Walter
my heart just melted
Man this made my heart melt seriously
I'm not fucking crying! My eyeballs are just sweating ok.
This is simply beautiful to watch.
Bonus points for the Straight Out Of Fresno shirt. Not all pitbulls are mean and not all people from Fresno are meth addicts.
I love this so much. Thanks op!
Who saved who? A match of love and respect forever.
Mans best friend
I feel like I should be better emotionally equipped to handle such a video, but I am not.
I had a pitbull named Walter. This made my whole morning.
what type of dog is that
English Stafford terriers , which this dog seems to be are the most family loving sookey lovers . Hate to be left alone just adore kids, being  indoors in your bed under the covers type of  dogs. 
Please don’t judge an individual dog until it shows reason to .
Pits are the sweetest dogs. Those are forever grateful eyes.
My brother and sister both have pits and they are some of the most loving dogs I've ever been around.
Wow, this brought me to tears.
/r/velvethippos
[deleted]
Well, now ya got me up early snuggling my red nose whose a rescue. She looks at me the exact same way and just wants love.

People who say "pitbull bad" obviously never got to know one.
r/eyebleach
I like fire truck and moster truck



Walter
Which one's Walter?
Walter
Are those dogs in a pet shop?
walter
Straight outta the shelter ..
My dog used to look at me like this when she was a small pup, now she's one and she thinks she can do whatever she wants -.-
Last year I decided to adopt a dog for my mom's birthday after her dog passed away almost a year before that. I went to our local shelter, but at that stage they didn't have any puppies/young dogs. Decided I was already there, so it wouldn't hurt to spend 15 minutes with the older dogs, giving rubs and attention. Not even 2 minutes in and a 6ft bearded guy was crying in crouched position surrounded by attention craving dogs. The one that really made me cry was a smaller dog that just rested his head between my stomach and thigh
Awwwwww!!!! Happy doggie. ❤️
A woman in a cafe in the outside seating area in the middle of a city layed on the floor with my dog once for about 20 minutes gently caressing her face whilst staring into her eyes. 

It was uncomfortable while I drank my coffee with my parents who I was visiting at the time.
Its already got plans to hog the bed.
I rescued a pittie from a shelter, and she is by far the most sweet and cuddly dog ive ever met! They are just big balls of love!
😭
People who abandon dogs should rot in hell
"You and me are gonna be best buds from now on."
I would have cried so hard
Looks like Walter chose him too.
I watched the gif before I actually read the title.  Legit thought that was a service dog or therapy dog because of how calm and well behaved he appeared.
Walter
This is me and my pitbull on the couch everyday after our walk
This made me ugly cry! Sweet sweet doggo
That’s a good boi having quality time with his hooman
Wish someone would look at me like that
So much love in the eyes
If you're looking to just own this breed to intimidate people do use all a favor and don't forget it you're absolutely the problem for this breed.
I have a feeling these two bonded immediately. I think this happens often with shelter pets, they somehow know you saved them.
Love personified
Spay or neuter your pitbull.
I have two rescued pitties. We’ve had one for 10 years and we’ve had the other one for 3 years. Rogue is our female, she’s the 10 year old. She’s our social butterfly. Whenever we have company, I’m pretty sure she thinks they’re there to see her. 5 years ago our home was broken into when we weren’t there. She was so friendly that the burglars actually let her out of her crate. When we had the police out to make our report, she was following the officer all through the house wagging her tail. He knelt down to pet her and said, “If this happens again you need to bite someone.” I told the officer that I’d rather have her be too friendly, I didn’t get her to be a guard dog. Our other pittie is named Remy and he is a tank. He’s 3 years old and between 85-90 lbs. They told us that he is AmStaff and American Bulldog. This dog is a complete goofball. He looks intimidating and sounds like a Hellhound when he barks, but that’s as far as it goes. If you have a cardboard box in your hands, he’ll run away from you. I blame his fear of boxes on our cat. She hid in one and jumped out of it when he was a puppy, he hasn’t trusted boxes since. To date, he has ran AWAY from a rabbit, a robin and a butterfly.
123/10
Adoring and adorable.
He likes fire trucks and monster trucks
walter
Aww so cute
This made my heart melt.
I like fire trucks and monster trucks
What a good doggo
Pure.
Techinaly arent all dogs adopted?
CRRRRYYYYYY
Thats not walter? Thats some poopoo head bootleg wallace hayass
This is the handsomest and best boy! How could anyone leave such a sweet face?
We don’t deserve doggies
It's really sad that these poor dogs are associated with chavs and hooligans , the staffie or pitbull as americans like to call them are such intelligent sweet animals.
Pit bulls are wonderful and need so much more love than they get. That said, advocating for pit bulls is not among my main concerns, so I will defer.

* Wikipedia's article on pit bulls has a section discussing how the breed doesn't correlate to a higher risk of attacks, with 23 distinct, external citations: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pit_bull#dog_attack_risk

* For industry professionals' perspectives, see this thorough and well-researched statement by the ASPCA: https://www.aspca.org/about-us/aspca-policy-and-position-statements/position-statement-pit-bulls


* Patrick Stewart is also very active and knows a lot about them.

    * There's a subreddit for that: r/pitandpat

    * Google also turns up a lot of good articles: https://www.google.com/search?q=patrick+stewart+pit+bull
That's pitbulls for you lil cuddle bois not fighters at all
It all started with a smile, that god damn smile
Oh sweet little munchkin I just can’t. Bawled my eyes out - two best mates
Walter
Walter
Ok I'm crying...You're home pup, you're home
r/justadopted
be still,my heart.
That's love and trust right there ♥️
Walter and his human are going to live their best lives together, and I can only imagine it’s going to be amazing based on the trust and affection being exuded on day 1 of forever.
That is so beautiful I love this clip I hope you keep Walter forever you can tell Walter loves you and you love him
[removed]
Awwww that melted my frozen heart for a second! 
Very beautiful.
Is that a Straight Out of Fresno T-shirt?
[deleted]
Straight Outta Fres-?
Walter
So, the dog doesn't know it was adopted. I wonder what it's doing or thinking here.
**w a l t e r**
Let’s hope he doesn’t back up at the wrong time
Get him a fire truck toy to play with
WALTER
walter
i like fire trucks and moster trucks
walter
Clements
Straight Outta Shelter.
Tommy Chong? So sweet.
Is that the coroner from CSI?
My man looking like Tommy Chong
does anyone know if he happens to like fire truck and moster truck
Walter
To me he's making decisions lol
walter
i like moster trucks and fire trucks
Walter
 walter
walter
Aww!
My dog looks like that
He like fire truck and moster truck




Walter
My dog's name is Walter too.
All the feels!
fire truck and moster truck look
He's a good boy. He deserves all the fire trucks and moster trucks
Walter
awwn those eyes
Priceless ...
I like firetrucks and moster trucks
I didn't need dry eyes anyways...
This is just what my Monday heart needed! I hope Walter and his dad have many wonderful years together!
I'd love to see the video with sound. Anyone have a link?
*awwwwww*
Get a room!
Goddam onions.
A happy doggo, is a good doggo.
He is, indeed, a “very good boy”.

Congratulations, Walter.
Fire truck and moster truck
"don't ever leave me new diddy"
Aww, he loves you so much already!! Congrats and enjoy!
Walter
Such knowing eyes 💛
Beautiful pitbull
Awww cute pibble
Great. There go the waterworks. What a sweet and precious dog.
This is such a beautiful moment. My  fiend has one just like this and it reminds me so much of him.
My rescue staffy mix does the exact same thing - just puts his big ole noggin on your shoulder or chest and stares into your eyes wanting kisses and to get his face stroked. Big softie.
Hello hooman.  I love you.  Thunder buddies?
STRAIGHT OUTTA FRESNO, crazy motherfucker adoptin doggos
I’m gonna cry
Fire truck
does he like fire trucks and monster trucks?
He likes fire trucks and moster trucks
I cried, literally!
I wonder if he likes fire trucks and moster trucks
This melts my heart.
Thank you sir! 👏👏💯
"I like fire truck and moster truck" - Walter Clements
I’m not crying
Cute but does he like fire trucks and moster trucks tho?
Glad to see a pibull mix getting adopted they are the sweetest dogs
I cant wait to be able to get my
Own pup. Miss my girl
Does he like firetrucks and monster-trucks?
This is the most precious thing I have ever seen
Chomp!
He looks like a Walter. Good on you for adopting him.
Dont mean to be negative but the body language and eye movement of the dog looks really edgy. Im not saying it is agressive but its certainly unsure about the situation.

Its still a lovely story and wish all the best.
OMG so cute! That look of pure love!
That's gonna be a good dog

Calm pound dogs like that are usually super obediant and loyal from my experience
Yeah Walter and dad!
r/mirin
This is the sweetest thing! He looks so relieved and grateful.
*"I know you'll keep me safe forever"*
omg he looks in love. adorable
Oh my god. I literally just teared up...
I have never been a fan of staffies but I am a fan of Walter.

I know a dog is only as good as its temperament and upbringing, my grandparents had a rottweiler and because she used to sit on me as a puppy she still tried it fully grown everytime I visited. The daft bear
The look of pure love <3
He’s been waiting for something like this all his life.
walter
He is reprogramming himself for his new objective. "Love owner unconditionally"
Wow, that's awesome. Good looking pup to. He looks like he is a good bloke and will take good care of him. 👍
Who’s cutting onions?! 🥺😭
God I hate dogs they’re so obnoxious
That dog is in love♥️♥️
Though this was Greg Popovich
I need an amstaff in my life right about now. 

(Any bull-type terrier will do)
I don’t know that man but I love him.
That glaring look from the doggos eyes... man, we don’t deserve dogs.
The love and thanks in her eyes. So beautiful!
Walter
Fuck man, made me cry
This kinda act gives me a boost. A huge boost. People that adopt are the best kind of people. With the exception of the turds out there. But I digress. Please please please adopt folks. Just look at the bond these two have. Just so god damned perfect. She looks so great full and as another reditor put it “we do not deserve dogs”. 

It’s been 4 years since I adopted “Bolt” and he is the best dog I have ever had the pleasure to know. He has added to my life tenfold. I don’t ever want to disappoint him.
Walter
Visual definition of love. ❤️
I like fire trucks and moster trucks
pitbukls it's the best
That's the cutest fuckin' thing I've ever seen.
I'm not crying, you're all crying.
This makes wanna go cuddle my roommates dog because he looks just like this dog but he's only 40lbs which is great
Does he like fire and moster trucks?
Walter
Moster truck
Love personified.
If looks could make you melt , that would be the one
❤️love❤️
Which one is Walter?
This genuinely made my day :))
Thank you kind sir.
Looooovvvviiinnnnn you is easy cause your beautiful
Damit there goes my manhood again I just got it back up!
Aodopting is amazing and pibbles are the absolute best!
So beautiful, is this breed allergy friendly? Wanna adopt one so badly
Oh my heart!!!
Santa is real
Does he like fire truck and moster truck?
Oh good god, it‘s love! Bless him!
What a kind man. I’m happy this pupper will have a good life ☺️ sad to think some shelters won’t even take pitties they just euthanize on sight.
Greg Popovich, is that you?
I could live the rest of my life having a dog stare at me like that. What an adorable little baby that’s about to live his best life
That is so precious. They're obviously meant to be together.
walter
damn cute

dogs are better than people)
That dog is absolutely in love❤❤❤
I like moster truck
I sort of sense some tension in this dog. Am I the only one?
He must have been craving so much for love and attention. Oh man. Poor boy
Okay wow this actually made me tear up a bit. What a beautiful dog.
That is moving
Imprint initiated...

Starting goodboy.exe...
goodboy.exe running.
Santa’s doing the lords work
I like fire trucks and moster trucks
Walter
I feel like I have a dog that some people would probably euthanize. (staffie/lab mix) We got him from a shelter that had found him on the street and estimated his age to be 2\~. Hes smart, attentive, protective and *good* 90% of the time, but he can be grumpy, growls if pet the wrong way and always has that nervous look in his eyes. We have another dog (boxer) and two cats. Everyone gets along fine. (the cats are the bosses) But, we've still had other biting incidents with him.  Theres just something about his past that he cannot let go, and I don't want to put him down for it, but hes the biggest liability in our lives. Its a really tough place to be.
Good boy
Is that Tommy Chong 😂😂😂 /s
The unspoken bond is so strong here. You can already tell they’re going to have an amazing relationship.
Walter
Does he like fire trucks and monster trucks?
Qa0⁰agachnqqq q q q q q q n0p
😱
Just melted my heart.
This is the cutest thing I’ve ever seen in my entire life.
My God. How can you look at the way that dog is looking at that man and not see sentience? A soul?
Does he like fire trucks and monster trucks?
Such a calm boy! Truly gorgeous :3
This is so sweet! The dog for a moment looks like he’s just thinking about how thankful he is and looks into the man’s eyes with so much love
Look that eyes.... dog's are pure love.
I like firetrucks and moster trucks
That is true love on that dogs face ! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
i love this just like the dog i had
u/SchnoodleDoodleDo

Pls?
"You saved me!  My hero!"
Awww ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I love it when my Agnes looks at me that way.
walter
I like fire truck and moster truck
I lone my rescue more than anyone else in the world.
I just died from wholesomeness
The emotional intelligence that dogs possess never ceases to amaze me
You can see the emotional intelligence in the eyes
Walter
This is just beautiful
This is just beautiful
*boop*
*boop*
What an amazing moment. Unconditional love!
Legit brought tears to my eyes.
Is that Tommy Chong?
Is that Tommy Chong?
Dude looks like Tommy Chong
The man’s expression is quite moving as well.
❤️❤️❤️
❤️❤️❤️ so much love for this post!!!
So happy.
My in-laws adopted a pitbull that I fostered for a few months, and fell in love with. Every time I visit I spend some time with her and she's just so full of love. I can't get enough of this breed. And compared to their clumsy-ass lab, she's so gentle and cuddly.
I legit thought I'd cry if I looked at his face for more than 5 seconds... How can someone abandon such a beautiful creature..😭😭♥️♥️♥️♥️
Walter
Awwwwwww this is so cute I could poop
Friends for life.
My heart!!!!
Friends for life.
walter
If she was not adopted i would been happy with some canine meatballs.
pure!
I LIKE FIRE TRUCKS AND MOSTER TRUCKS
Made me feel good seeing how appreciative that doggo is of receiving that mans love
I bet that dude is on top of the world!  How often is someone thanked to this magnitude regardless as to whether we’re referring to a human or animal?  That’s pure gratefulness in that fur baby’s eyes.  On a side note, he’s also a very good looking good boy.
Aww, that's so sweet, he looks so happy :D
OMG I LOVE THISSSSSSSS!!!!
Beautiful baby. That pup looks so sweet.
I'm not crying, YOU'RE crying!
He loves fire trucks and moster trucks
Eyeing that sweet, sweet jugular
what a precious baby!!!! good on that older man for adopting him. ❤️
Omg so precious
Walter
DFr
that’s literally my dog

 [my dog](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/chbyjr/i_just_scratched_her_belly_and_she_gave_me_this/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app)
Wow!!
AAAAAA sweet baby!!
This literally almost brought me to tears. So much LOVE in that look 😭😭❤️❤️
I love him
A lifetime bond made in seconds
We don't deserve dogs.
Humane societies are usually full of em!
Oh my. I would never need a romantic relationship again, if I had a dog that looked at me like that. 

That is the most pure love I’ve ever seen. It makes me feel so overwhelmed, I want to cry.
Actually, this man is a volunteer, not his adopter! Walter was later adopted by a very nice couple.
They say you can't see love. Just take a good look in dog's eyes.
This is great. My buddy has a pit/pointer mix (named Corey) who I spend time with when the guy’s out of town. Does this same exact thing and it makes me want to just take him home with me forever
Omg 💕💕💕💕❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
It's bedtime here and I don't know why I am crying as I am seeing this. This pup has got everything he has wanted in this moment. So much love, it can't get any more perfect.
I love this an intense amount
This makes me so freaking happy!
Ughh my heart
Nothing beats the love in a dogs eyes.
What breed of dog is this?
Oh wow.
I can watch this on repeat all day. Such a wholesome bond
That face😭❤️ what a happy pibble.
This is the way my dogs loog at me when I catch them for a hug. Especially my big jack chiweenie.

They be playing and I scoop them up for hugs.

I know exactly what this man and dog are feeling. I am glad they have that!
Walter has very sweet eyes. They’re both lucky!
Nagger?
but does he like fire trucks and moster trucks
Where are you bro
Aww 😭 I wonder what he’s thinking
that’s gonna be me some day and I can’t wait to kiss my very own pittie’s face
The face of a pupper that luvs to be luv'd
I like fire truck and moster truck
He looks like he is in love.
ugh.  fine.  I'm crying.
hold me... squeeze me... love me...
Ishmael
Such a sweet and handsome boi. Congratulations on your forever home Walter!
I think my heart just grew 3 sizes.
His eyes 😭 pupper deserves the best and no less
Dog: You'll never regret this.
He’s so happy to have found his human
I literally just started crying. So glad this good boy found a forever home 🥰
You can just tell this man means the world to this good boi 😭
My mom hates pit bulls, but god I love them. I’ve never seen another breed of dog give that look before.
Amstaffs are just the best! So cuddly and loving 😍
I’m not crying, I just have a beard hair in my eye.
[removed]
I'd say that the man has the same look. So sweet!
I can only hope someone will one day look at me like this pup looks at his owner
You can just see in his eyes how grateful he is.
To make him happy you need to give Walter fire trucks and moster trucks
I'm not tearing!! It's my allergies i swear!
Well there it is. All secrets of the universe (worth knowing) are in those eyes.
MAH HART MAH SOLE
Looking into the depths of his soul: "Am I truly yours ?"
Such love
The looks of both say "I love you" amd it's so pure 💕😭
If that's not love then there's no such thing.
I’m not crying. You’re crying.
Everytime there's an adorable pitty posted, the most obnoxious crowd comes to visit. 

Every. Single. Time. 🙄
[removed]
Wooooow ❤️❤️
I don't know who has the more adorable look on his face - the man or the dog! It's definitely love at first sight for the both of them though.
Such a sweetie
I keep saying this for every similar clip like this I encounter but legit one of THE sweetest things I've ever seen
This made my dae. My sad tears have turned into happy ones.
Dust in my eye.
My heart!
Iloveyou, Iloveyou, Iloveyou, Iloveyou, Iloveyou, I bloody love you.
That dog is fucking beautiful. What breed is that? Looks almost like a lighter colour of the John Wick dog.
Its the most beautiful thing i ever saw...
I love the fact that pitbulls have become normalized. Just a decade ago, you couldn’t find a landlord in my city that would rent to you if you had one. Now, I probably know more people that have pitbulls than any other type of dog.
And are somebody sayng that these breed is dangerous....... no, very lovable
Pure love ❤
Does he like monster trucks and fire trucks?
Whenever dogs stop and stare while being so I move the fuck back nowadays... 2 dogs in my life have snapped at me that way! Lol. But this guy you can just tell it's pure love
Pibble love
This is nice

If i put down my head will he stop

Better not risk it

This is nice

My neck hurts a bit though

But the pets must go on

...

Legenda say he's still being pet in the same position
He's imprinted on him.
Aww! That one cute dog made my cry happily!!
r/dogsmirin
I miss my dog
What a gorgeous boi
So all this time... Walter Clements was a dog
Heyyyy shout out fresno I live in that hell hole as well (:
Walter is like: whaaaat Billy Joel adopting me? The piano man is rich, I’ll have all the treats.
Nice dog
Awwwwwww ^^
I wish i had a dog. Unfortunately, my mom and dad dont want to have one :'(
Does he like fire trucks and monster trucks?
I want someone to look at me the way Walter looks at his new dad...
walter
Walter
I'm not crying. Fuck you. I'm not.
*The question is, does he like fire trucks and monster trucks?*
walter
Walter
True love💗
'Love me like there is no tomorrow' look.
Is there a full video of this?
Omg I could cry he just looks so relieved and at home with you!!!
He looks like he's too scared to move in case the dream ends.
I'm not crying, you're crying.
Shhhhh...you had me woof.
im away on work and i miss my dogs terribly and now this damn videos made the room all dusty
Love ❤️
Aww congrats Walter
beautiful
I like fire trucks and moster trucks
I think the guy has that “just adopted” look too! So glad they found each other.
My best friend had a staffie that looked JUST like this. I called her my niece. She was the most loving thing. She passed away three years ago. Goddammit I loved that dog. You bastards are gonna make me cry.
My heart! This is how my staffy looks at me when we're on the settee.
Every pitty I’ve ever met is exactly like this, bunch of love bugs..
Thanks hooman for adopting me
My heart...😢
🤩😍🤩😍🤩😍
What a darling
Congratulations! They will be both happier!
Omg he/she looks exactly like my dog but in grey (posted on my account)
They needed eachother.
2 rescue pits here. Both give me the same look and still shake with joy when we cuddle. Love babies!
Oh those eyes just make you melt
Sweet pupper!! Congrats to both. ❤️
Treat him right and that will be the most loyal dog you’ll ever know.

I just lost my pittie girl last Friday.  Best dog I’ve ever known.  She was adopted and she made sure to show me she was grateful every single day.

Please keep loving on this dog.
Well be ready for the suggliest, kissiest doggo you'll ever have the absolute pleasure of being in love with... 

...

After having a pittbull, we wouldn't have anything else. They are fiercely affectionate and it is soooooo cute.
Let’s be real guys. 

This is the way we all want to be looked at by someone in general. Intense love and gratitude. 

Also head pets def don’t feel bad either.
The love in that dog's eyes... Wishing nothing but great times for him and his owner.
This made me tear up a little...
Adopted a bully/hound mix this year.  Can't keep him from snuggling!
