Mine figured out how to wake me up 15ish minutes before the alarm goes off like the asshole that he is
I just suffered from massive cuteness overload and it's all your fault... cuddly cats are best cats!
My corrupted soul can't take this. This is too wholesome and pure
My cat does the same thing! Occasionally I’ll use my phone alarm as a timer for the oven. I’m just trying to make dinner and he thinks it’s cuddle time! I feel awful about leading him on like that so I’ll hold off on my dinner for a few minutes to give him some love.
i started sleeping through some alarms a couple years ago. then one morning i woke up a little early, but stayed in bed until the alarm went off, only to see one of my cats jumping up and swiping at my phone. 

effectively turning my alarm off. then she laid back down next to me and went back to sleep. 

now i set multiple alarms.
So, I raised a kitten for my ex (long story but she didn't have time or resources to take care of it for a while there)... A little orange tabby tomcat. Very smart.

If I didn't wake up by 7:30am to feed him breakfast and find a box for him to play in, I got my NOSE bitten you guys. Hard. He even drew some blood a couple times. No scratches, no meows, no nudges, just a bite on the nose while I'm deadass asleep. I have no idea how he seized onto that idea. Nobody taught him that and he wasn't very mouthy otherwise.
My cat’s the same way. It’s been like that for seven years. It makes it really hard to get out of bed when the real alarm goes off.
When I was in kindergarten, I was a tiny kid (smallest in my class).  We had this big black-and-white cat who would sit up on my chest so I couldn’t sit up. My mom has to take him off me or I couldn’t get up. If I tried to roll over to get out from under him, he just reasjusted himself to the new leverage position
When I started having to work in an office, my two big boy cats became my littlest nopes. As soon as my alarm went off, both would snuggle up and place their paws firmly on my chest. “Nope, Hooman - just nope!” - I did the same as the OP, and they loved their ‘extra’ half hour cuddle.
Lucky.  My cat thinks that she is the alarm clock and it's her job to go off at 4am every night.
My cat wakes me up at 4 am everyday to feed her by picking at my sheets.
This post really blew up.

[Here's a whole album of more pics of this loving cat, and many of more morning snuggles](https://imgur.com/a/lYJy2i6)

edit: [By request, a larger album](https://imgur.com/a/YdgMvSA)
To give “her” more happy time. Sure ;)
That’s so adorable!
You sleep in collared shirts?
My cat does the same, but instead she starts jumping every limb that moves and sits on me or my fiance as a little reminder.
That's precious 😍
Having a pet is like having a kid that stays small and cute and never gives you attitude.
You sleep with a collared shirt?
Awwww you are the best bro a kitty could have!
The things we do for our pets😁
I don't think I've ever seen a cat look so happy. This warmed my cold, icy heart. Thank you.
You wear a collared shirt to bed?
Super adorable. My puppy does something similar. When the alarm goes off he snuggles up, splays out and waits for tummy rubbing to commence.
No, you set it half hour earlier to giver yourself more happy time with her.
My cat just tries to turn my alarm off cause it annoys him. Lol.
Mine does this also. Alarm time means morning spooning. She also knows when it's bed time as she comes in, meows and climbs in to spoon before I go to sleep. I love our little ritual
She cuddles you when your alarm goes off??? My cat literally screams at me. They're love screams but still.
This is exactly how my morning goes too!
Loves her poppa!!!
Doesn't look like a bed time outfit
My cat learned my first alarm means I'm snoozing at least twice, so she ignored the first one, woke up on second on and sat down next to my head and started staring at me on third one 🙂. 
Sometimes she would try to wake me with her paw gently or maybe a bit less gently 🙂
My cat figured out that the alarm sound means I wake up, and proceeds to sit at the corner of my dresser right in front of my alarm and howls over and over until I get up. 

Yes, I said howl. Not meow.
I just lost my cat who wasn’t even 2, but this reminded me of him. He would do this. Whenever the alarm would sound he would run up to my bedroom chirping excitedly (I don’t know why but he didn’t really meow, he chirped like a Pokémon). Then he would jump on the bed and snuggle himself up into my armpit with one paw up on me. It always made early mornings better, and I loved to hear how excited he was that I was up.
A+ owner, would cuddle.
What the fuck are you wearing
My kitty does this too!! ☺️😻
I moved into my apartment a month ago. Because I was traveling so much, I left my Mimis at my parents place. I brought her home last night and woke up to her purring love all over me. I am so glad I have her back and need that so much in my life.
My dog has figured out that the alarm sound means I wake up and give him breakfast, so he stands at the end of the bed growling and barking if I hit snooze...
This is the wholesome shit I signed up for
Not cute at all... doesnt deserve gold.
You sleep with your clothes?
The fuck are you sleeping in mate? A sweater?
So cute
The only thing you could do.
My cat equates my alarm to her breakfast time...
You are a great cat daddy!😄
Sure, to give 'her' more happy time.
You are training her for a lifetime of morning cuddles! It's all cute until you're trying to sleep in and she comes in yowling for attention :D
I wish my cats did this. Usually one hour before my alarm they big the crap out of my girlfriend and I for food
If my dog notices I slept more that normal he comes to the bedroom and scratches the fuck out of my back, as if he was trying to dig a hole, he loves it when we go out to clean the garden so if I'm late, he won't be patient
My 80 lbs husky does the same thing! He'll lay on the bed at night for about 30 minutes, overheats, and jumps down. 

But without fail, he knows that my alarm clock means I need to get up and is the ONLY time he'll snuggle me all day (except during thunderstorms).
That’s nice, my cat is my alarm clock. When 4:30 am rolls around, she does wind sprints up and down the bed and then opens my bedside table drawers and pulls everything out.
So you sacrifice 30 mins of your sleep everyday to give her snuggles. 

God bless you, and your family, and you after life x10 lives later. Omg that is so sweet.
I literally feel like my heart is melting inside. I cannot handle this cuteness. I may explode.
My cat knows my alarm too. She smacks my face with her paw and meows in my ear.
She really looks so happy and at peace!
You're so lucky! My kitten has been waking me up before my alarms by meowing and dropping toys in my face. She loves fetch.
Damn, I wish I was able get my cat to comfortably sleep in the same bed with me.  I'm too afraid I'll squish him or whatever, and I move around too much.  Plus I need AC or sometimes a fan to sleep comfortably and my cats hate both haha.
My cat hears me roll over in my sleep at 5am and screams until I get up to check his bowl (which is filled with food).
Morning snuggles with your pet is like at least half the meaning of life
How do you even make it out of bed with this thing.. I can hardly wake up by myself, but this would be the end of me.
If she's coming over to lie on you when she knows you should be getting up, it's to tell you to get up because she wants her food.
This is blessed
Give who more happy time?
You guys are too much 😁
My cat does this too! But I think he knows he’s going to get breakfast when I wake up.. cuter to pretend he just really loves me
You are THE BEST.
It’s okay to admit that it’s your happy time, too
You sir... Are a hero!
I just petsat my sister's dog and cats for the past few days. Each day, I would wake up looking at one specific cat that decided "Hey, I'm going to cuddle this human this human when he sleeps."
One of the days, I woke up to him kneading on my chest. Normally I would get annoyed but it was way too cute to get annoyed at.
Yea my cat used to wait until she saw my eyes open, then she'd come at me. I miss her very much.
I'd like to link this to everyone who says all cats are assholes.
Oh my goodness 😍😍😍 you're such a sweetheart!
You’re a good cat dad! 😘🥰👍
You mean YOU ha... well both more love time.
This absolutely so pure and wholesome. I simply cannot handle this. MY HEART OMFGG
That's exactly what I do! But instead of waking up 30 mins earlier I get outta bed 30mins late xD
Okay but this is legitimately the cutest thing I've ever heard and my heart just burst.
This is exactly what my cat does! He snuggles the same way, too! They're so sweet... and sneaky. Haha
This is awesome.  My cat does the same.  She is my "snooze preventer".
I think you're both getting happy time there, mate.
Ah, i see, you're a fellow Man of water culture aswell
A man who loves cats is a good man.
My cat is my alarm. Some days I'm tempted to snooze. I cannot.
Men like you are hard to find, hold on tight an give her all the love she wants
Incredibly cute and adorable.
My cat does the same ☺️. Miss it on mornings she’s snuggled up with the kids
This is what my ginger girl does too!
Aww. When my cat learned the alarm sound meant we'd get up, she figured out that if she turned it off, we wouldn't. We had to get a new alarm clock.
My little buddy does this just before the alarm goes off because somehow he knows, but he also instead of snuggling likes to cuddle up to my head on my pillow and pull on my beard.
So you’ve got the better deal haha
Technically, she probably started off as "what the heck is that noise? I should investigate." Which was quickly followed by, "Oh, my human is here and looking perplexed. I should love them."

In any case, finding good cuddle time with a pet is one of the healthiest things you can do in that human/pet relationship. Congrats! Give her some extra cuddles and chin/ear scratches from the Internet.
Actually I think the cat is giving you more happy time. Your cat has trained you well.
Good guy OP trading 30 minutes of sleep for cat snuggle.
My cat sleeps on my arm all night, and tries to "hold me down" with her tiny paw as soon as I wake up. Fun part is when I try to take my arm away, she stretches long and extends her paw all the way as if to say "stay down hooman, just a little bit longer"!
Lucky you! Mine just jumps on my head demanding breakfast while I hit snooze.
My cat only eats and poops. And sometimes eats his poop.
I recently took in two kittens from a litter that my fathers cat had and in the last few months they have been doing the same. They will sleep with me all night but as soon as my alarm goes off they are trying to cuddle extra hard. I would be a liar if I said it wasn’t because of them that I have called off in the past. I love them so much!
To give whom more happy time? Maybe you! You look pretty happy!
You are a good cat parent <3


I have two cats myself and both sleep at the foot of my bed. One of them will always come for morning snuggles when the sun starts shinning, and she lets me know its time by pawing at my nose and then my blankets. Once shes cuddled up next to my tummy she starts purring, sending me back to sleep, whilst her sister comes and lies against my back, effectively making me the middle of a cat sandwich.

I wake up happy every morning now, and it starts of a majority of my days to be great. Love those purritos so much.

Good night, I'm off to snuggle my girls!
30 minutes everyday? So, after two weeks you just don't sleep anymore?
My cat knows what time my alarm goes off but still starts meowing in my face an hour before because she is hungry. What an asshole, but I love her
Hahahahhahahah this is great.  My alarm starts by turning on the lights so as soon as the lights turn on, he jump on me and I wake up from his loud purring and he occasionally drools on my face.
i wish my cat liked to snuggle like this - i got her at one years old and while she LOVES to snuggle and be close to me - she doesn't like to lay on me like this :( she'll just lay next to me and make sure she's touching. Or if she lays on me she'll just be perched on my tummy. 

THIS IS SO MUCH CUTER.
I have melted into the floor if any one ask about my whereabouts.

I had to make the decision put Mr. Kitty down last week and this hits hard in the feels.
Awww she's smiling
The only thing my cat tells me is "get and feed me"
This is the cutest thing I've ever seen in my life
This is the man I love
if this ain’t the cutest fucking thing in the world idk what is
my kitty does the same!!!!! its actually my favorite part of my day :')
Where do you people find all these incredibly sweet and loving cats. I feel like I'm being graced by their presence when my two cats sit on the same couch or bed as me.
Mine does it too, but to my wife. When she notices we are awake, she comes up there to my wife's face, lays on wife's neck, like a scarf or a collar and purrs her into sleep again. This is so nice and cute to watch, it's almost painful.
My cats hear the alarm and know it’s time to eat! Fatties... 😂
My cat does this too! It starts the day off right :)
My dog and I have cuddle time every morning and honestly my life has improved so much <3
Why only 30 minutes early, what the hell is wrong with you!?!
This is probably bs, what kind of psychopath wears a collard shirt to bed?
Dude, best thing ever. Nothing like spending time with those that matter
Why do you sleep in a polo?
That is fucking precious! 😍
Aww cute
Good hooman
I would trade my soul for a kitty like that
You are wonderful
My cat just fuckin meows and meows until I get up to feed his fat ass
so cute, my cat would do this with my wife all the time in the exact same manor.
As a super allergic guy i gotta ask, is there a downside to having a cat beside the few $$$ you put for food ?
Setting aside cuddle time is such a considerate thing to do for your kitty!
Whoever said cats dont love have not had a cat. Mine would put a claw int my skull top once we settled down just to keep me close in bed. I had her 15 years. I loved her and she loved me.
I don't know how this cat can get any cuter. 🥰
Awww that's adorable <3    My big furry boy somehow knows when the alarm is about to go off.   More often than not he'll sit on the bedside table beside my head and 'mrow?' gently.   I love it.  My furry alarm <3
SO. CUTE.
You’re a good cat daddy!!
I don't like cats, but I like this. I will begin training my dog.
This is so wholesome♡♡
Mine do this! They tag team, one sits on my phone to muffle the alarm, one sits on my chest/face to keep me stuck on the bed. It’s a horrible insurrection and I love every second.
I have nothing to add but envy.
You're a good person, OP.
You Sir are marriage material! If you are already married, please inform your wife she won the lottery with you! If you are not married...there are some lucky ladies out there!
You, my friend, are everything that’s RIGHT in this world.
Not all heroes wear capes...
My heart is exploding kittens
A small price to pay for salvation.
My husband get up for work an hour before I do. So every morning just as he’s going downstairs, my kitty jumps up in bed for snuggles.
heartwarming
Giving *her* more happy time?
That is the cutest thing. I just got fired from a serving job over a few very greedy people and am feeling down. Needed to see this, very sweet.
“to give her more happy time” bullshit, you do it for the cuddles. you need those cuddles.
This is too cute! 😻😻
Aww that was sooo cuuute
If you don't have a spouse, and would like to marry, show any person you fancy this post. Too. Damn. Cute.
My cat associated my alarm with feeding time so he slams his food bowl around. Same concept only he doesn't want to cuddle me, he sees me as a feeding device.
I used to do that with our Manx, Elmo. Turns out it just wanted to go for my jugular. Also, renamed it Spawn of Satan. Eventually had to get rid of it cuz it would latch onto my child's leg and tear the flesh from his bones. Pure evil.
I usually get up to pee in the middle of the night.  Getting out of bed requires me to slough the three cats off of me like a climbing out of a pile of leaves.  At that point the three buttheads decide they've had enough sleep for the night and are ready to ruckus.  That's why they are usually exiled after my midnight wee.  When our youngest ("your cat" my wife calls him) hears my alarm go off he decides he's  been separated from me for too long and stands at the door crying and scratching until I let him in.  We cuddle, and scratch for ten minutes or so, then I get to snooze for another twenty minutes before the actual alarm goes.

TL;DR:  I have two alarms set so that my baby-cat, the needy one, can come get snuggles, we can fall back asleep for twenty minutes, and then I can wake up when I actually need to.
 My kitten is 6 months old, me & my husband adore her, she is very clingy, basically when we are at home she is always with us, even if we’re at home all day.
That’s fun, my cat just licks my face at 5:50 every morning about 10 mins before my alarm goes off to wake me up. Wouldn’t bother me so much but I got an automatic feeder for weekends and he still insists on waking me up on Saturday and Sunday at 5:50 even though his food is automatically dispensed at 6.
My dog has learned that the text tone I use for my mom usually means she’s almost home. She always gets excited when it goes off.
A small price to pay for salvation
My cat just starts knocking shit over after my alarm goes off
You are the best kind of human
Thats so damn cute. My cat hears my alarm and pokes me in the eyes. It's rude as fuck.
My cat learned that she didn't have to wait for the alarm and could just yell at me to wake up and feed her.
As a person that loves cats but is allergic to them,
I'm extremely jealous. 😿😿😿
Man, mine just meows about breakfast and bites me if I'm not quick enough.
Mine does almost the same thing!! I have several morning alarms because I'm the opposite of a morning person, and he gets into bed an hour before my alarms start going off and cuddles with me until I have to get up. He doesn't do it in the summer because it's too hot and it makes me sad because I love our morning ritual.
My dog does this. Every morning at 5, even on weekends. They know how to work their cuteness.
My cat takes the alarm to mean it's almost time for breakfast and just begins shrieking ceaselessly until I get up and feed him. I can no longer set early alarms to snooze because he will lose his shit if I don't get up.
This is me but with butt snuggles with my husband ❤
Ahhhh god... the cuteness.... My black heart.... melting.....
you gave me a smile. take an upvote in return
It's true.  "Real men are kind to animals".
My kitty does this too! Orange tabby. However when I hit snooze and fall back asleep he leaves and comes back when it goes off again. Lol
My cat does this! I have to extricate myself from the situation to get up on time.
This isnt actually me and pineapple, but she and I have morning snuggies that look identical to this. Flooped on her side on my chest with her cute little head pressed against mine.
SOLID HUMAN BEHAVIOR
[deleted]
My kitty girl does the same thing! Hears the alarm, then waits to see my eyes open 😍 makes it very hard to get out of bed.
Everybody liked that
mine just gets in my face and meows. she made the mistake of standing between me and my alarm the other day and got yeeted across my bedside table when i went to hit the snooze
Awww that's cute that your cats waits until your alarm goes off. My kitty will sit at the door an hour before my alarm and meow for food. It drives me nut but I love her to bits.
There's a joy that comes from just chilling with your cat in bed that's like no other.   If I wake up and mine is there we lazily play a game to see who can put a hand/paw on top of the other's the most.  A game we started when I got him as a kitten and it's never ended.
The only reason I would ever wake up earlier 
Like if you agree 

Ps:don’t mind my username I also like cats
Mine does that too! She realized I snooze at least once and lay in bed half awake. She comes over for cuddles and begins purring so loudly that she wakes up my SO. I’ve started taking her over to the sofa and we cuddle for another while until she gets distracted by something. It’s become our little morning ritual.
My dog learned that the sound of me picking up my glasses means I'm getting up and always goes and waits by the bedroom door happily ready to start the day
My sisters cat once figured out how to turn the alarm off..
Mine also did that and then when my friends would cat/house sit, he would do it to them too. When he died suddenly,  a surprising amount of my friends were also devastated. 

Cats are such special creatures.
My cat does the same, though the nap function doesn't work. :)
What a wonderful cat daddy you are!
Oh, true love, hey.
My cat also learned about the alarm only she sits on my head and meows until I feed her.
You are a good man!
You're lucky, mine hear the alarm which signals them to sing the International Cat Anthem aka " FEED ME RIGHT MEOW!".
One of my kitties does the same thing! He sees I'm awake so he jumps on the bed and lays on my chest. It's a cross between showing love now that I'm awake to pet him, and showing me who's boss by pinning me down when I'm vulnerable.
My cat used to slap me on the cheek with her paw to wake me up.  No claws just toe beans.
Every damn morning my one cat does this. As soon as I wake up (with or without an alarm) she plops on my chest and demands to be pet for at least 5 minutes. 

It's a good way to wake up. And plus it's her time - my other cat wants night cuddles only.
That is beautiful of your puppy cat
I don't know you, but I like you.
Because that's what hero's do
By the looks of you, I’d like that happy time too
Get a reusable water bottle my dude
Most cats associate that with getting fed
Now, that’s love.
Smart kitty.  I have allow time in the mornings and in the evenings for what my kitties and I call “Under (the) Covers Cuddle Committee.”   It involves lots of scritches and cuddles under the covers.
That's so sweet
Blessed with a cat that actually likes you. My family has had 5 different cats over the years and only one of them was affectionate like that!
Good human.
my cat is my alarm. he likes to walk all over my face, lie down, then keep changing positions every 30 seconds. that's personal service right there.
You're luck, my cat has zero boundaries while I'm trying to sleep.
"give her more happy time"  uh huh......
That is so adorable.  My cat learned that I clean the litter box before I shower so she takes a shit when my alarm goes off.
Dont leave me hooman
Our youngest cat does this to my husband. Even tried to turn the alarm off for him 😂
My heart, what a sweetie! Starting at 5am my A-hole cats scream for food, not cuddles.
All my cat does in the morning is howl at the front door to let him out ._. But you definitely got yourself a sweetheart!
Yeah. Right. To give **her** more happy time. Sure.
My cats just scream like banshees at 5 in the morning till I get up and feed them, you win.
My baby does the same thing and I've been so selfish by not setting my alarm earlier as well. Starting that asap
Precious ❤️
Why did you set the belt to mini and shrink a cougar?
Best. Owner. Ever.
Love to see this. The best part of my day is when my cat wakes me for snuggles.
This is awesome. My cats do the same. It’s such a great way to wake up!
186445 out of 10.
Cute!  Ive also been setting my alarm early so I have time to snuggle with my dog. She let's me but she's never super enthused about it lol. But maybe she thinks I need it.
That is so incredibly sweet and cute
Welp, you’re pretty much my favourite person ever.
"Okay Google, how to make cat do cute things to post on internet and not get hissed at"
Wholesome as they come
Mine learned this too, but takes the opportunity to cry for treats.
Your cat waits for you to wake up? What sorcery is this?
My cat does the exact same thing as soon as my alarm goes off or she hears me stop snoring she is there screaming at me for a cuddle..
My cat is the same way! He usually hangs out elsewhere when I'm sleeping but always rolls in around 6am to get some cuddles. Maybe I'll take a page out of your book and set an earlier alarm for some of those extra snuggles.
i do the same exact thing with my dog, tippy! we call it "tippy time" and i'm pretty sure it's just her trying to convince me not to go to work. her efforts haven't paid off yet but i get closer to breaking every single day.
I'm jealous. My cat goes fucking nuts cause he needs the food.................
This makes me feel warm in my hollow, tin chest
My cat IS my alarm.
My cat knows the alarm means it's time to wake up and feed her.
You are a great human
It's all fun & games until you fall back to sleep with that snuggly kitty on you, and then wake up 2 hours late to work. For you I mean. Still fun for the cat either way.
This is my cat but at sunrise, staring a my face an inch away and everytime I dose off she does this crazy face lick blitz. It's a pain in the ass and face
Oh that explains it. My cat does the same
Good job hooman
Try 4:30 am then reset to 5:05 am. My doggos know it's time for me to get ready and they sit on the bed watching my every move cause they know I'm leaving and it's time for them to go outside. Then they patiently wait till I get home and harass me for pets, treats, extra food...those 35 mins are fun times for me, gets me ready for my day...I have cameras in my house and I can watch them just pass back out where I was sleeping at. Dang furry manipulators
Mine is my alarm..

And she's going off all the time
Awwww.  Such a sweet moment.
she looks so happy
That's the cutest fricking thing I've seen today
No hooman. You must stays, I gives you warms...
My cat hears the alarm and just knows that means food is soon. She jumps up and runs her face and walks all over me until I finally get up. Lol shes a sweetheart, but I'd prefer her to be a sweetheart like yours
You look like Shane Dawson.
My cat just hears the alarm and starts meowing. He knows its time for viddles. No snooze for me. Lol
Mine has learned that the alarm means it's breakfast time, so the wailing for food she's been doing for the past hour increases in both volume and intensity
Precious
This is cute BUT am I supposed to believe you sleep in a collared shirt?
My cats have figured this out too. I love when they come for cuddles as soon as they hear that I'm awake.
So self-sacrificing! :D

You don’t get anything out of it at all ;-)
My cat just starts meowing at me to feed him. At 4am. I don't wake up for about two hours after.

^^He's ^^an ^^asshole...
The content I love to see.❤️
My cat does this too. Unfortunately I really like my sleep, but he does a great job making sure I dont hit snooze too many times
Lucky, mine just yells at me to feed him when it goes off
Aww so sweet! My dog does the same thing. I haven’t started setting the alarm earlier though... I just rush the rest of my morning.
Do you always sleep in a collared shirt?
I have 2 alarms. One mild & one really annoying. At the really annoying one, my cat meows in my face until I get up. Even after I turn it off.
Now that’s love 😻
My dogs love to sleep in my bed at night, and they know that the sound of the Xbox turning off means it’s time to go upstairs.
I use this trick for my girlfriend too.
"Why does your alarm go off 30 mins early?"



"Cat cuddles."
My dog does the same!
purest/cutest thing i’ve seen in a long time!!
My cat also know when my alarm goes off but instead of snuggling he mows until I get up to feed him
Maybe set the alarm off when you go to bed. That way you both sleep and maybe learn to wake up on the 2nd alarm
My cat just waits for any sign of movement, and then proceeds to pounce on my legs under the cover until I get up and feed her.
My cat used to do that. My favorite moment of the day. I wish she would do that again.
Because that's what heroes do!
"Ah, the early food time. I love you, powerful food giver."
My cat wakes me up at 5am with her cuddles. Way better than an alarm
i do the same with my doggo. she loves snuggles before i get up (i do too :) ). so i set my alarm earlier now and just hang in bed for a lil longer.
My cat does this too, except he goes between snuggle-alarm and breakfast-alarm. I don’t mind either one. 😻
Awwwwwww!!
Because that's what heroes do.
Mine jumps up and settles right next to me so I can scratch all around her neck as well as full body pets. I've gotten good at using my phone left handed for 10-15 minutes. Sometimes less if I really have to pee.
"you aren't allowed to leave me hooman".
When my alarm goes, my cat tries to shove his whole face in my open drooly mouth.
Very much not interested in this.
this got an audible “aww” out of me
Good hooman
You mean give you more happy time <3
My old man had a cat that took to turning the alarm clock off.  Imagine going into work and blaming the cat for being late.

He ended up hiding the clock in a closet every night.
SOO CUTE!!
You're dressed in a shirt and jumper... Do you get your work clothes on the night before and sleep in them to save time in the mornings like me? Sometimes I eat breakfast before going to bed.
That is soooopo cute! This guy is never gonna worry about his blood pressure....or attracting a woman! Who could resist a man like this? 😍
My doggie does the same thing. The funny part is she differentiates between mine and my girlfriend's alarms.
Awww u r very lucky
My cat does this too! Makes my heart happy!
Those are weird PJs.
[deleted]
Lucky you. My cat is my alarm, she wakes me up at 07:00 meowing to cause she knows I will feed her.
Her or you?
Thiss so cute, that made me remember my old cat.
You sir, are a good man.
[Because that's what heroes do. ](https://i.imgur.com/dwEE1Lx.jpg)
Our female cat does this. She loves to snuggle and if she isn't already in bed when an alarm sounds,  she comes running. We're convinced she is just trying to make us stay home from work.
One of our dogs does this. He hears the alarm, squeezes between my husband and I, and starts pawing at us until we snuggle him. Mind you too, he’s not small at almost 60 lbs
Cute.

My cat hears the alarm and starts pulling my sheets off with his claws.  He isn't gentle.
My dog does this. When my alarm goes off she jumps up on the bed for some morning cuddles. I have also started setting my alarm early for this reason.
my cat is my backup alarm. he bangs the door loudly to make me open it once my alarm rings
I love this
Her arm is laying perfectly in the white stripe of your shirt
My cats learned that sunrise = breakfast, which was fine in the winter in New York State.

Then I moved with them to Arizona, and because there's no daylight savings time the sun comes up at 5:30 am in the summer.  I should honestly just have their plates right next to the bed.
You're a saint
How’s that white deodorant working out for you? I bought it by accident once and it pissed me off how it leaves residue on my clothes. What’s the benefit of wearing it? Why not wear the clear stuff? I’m genuinely curious.
The problem with posts like this is that you humans have no idea what this really means. When you sleep at night and enter dream state, certain entities enter your heart during your dreams in order to wake up with you and to experience waking reality through you.

Your cat, who resides in waking reality, knows this and simply lays on your heart in order to collect whoever is trying to reside there because they (the dream entities) would end up taking up the room that they (the cats) could be occupying when you wake up.
Wow you are so lucky
My cat learned when my alarm went off in the morning that I would be getting up to feed her. She started becoming my alarm real quick. She was even nice enough to get me up PLENTY early
My cat does the same exact thing 5-10 minutes before the alarm. Much better to wake up to than noise.
Awwwwww
Mine does the same! She’s my first cat, (I’ve had her for six months) and I feel like I hit the jackpot. :)
Awwww that’s sweet.

A cat I used to have would smack me on the head so I’d hit snooze😂
Lol my cat hears my alarm then comes to beat the shit out of me until I feed her. She's my favorite and I love her.
*Alarm sounds* "It's snuggle time!!"
I really wish my cat would do this instead of sitting on my face and tapping on my forehead so I get up and make him breakfast.
You are the best!
❤️❤️❤️
what a lovely picture
Mine knows that when the sun comes up, she has about 30 min of snuggle time left and gets really snuggly. Then as soon as the alarm goes off, she goes nuts begging for food. I created Pavlov’s dog and she’s the most reliable alarm clock ever. On the weekends when I don’t set an alarm, it’s snuggle city and zero begging for food!
**trying bold**
My dog does this too! He knows it’s his last chance for cuddles before I go. I’ve been at least 10 minutes to work everyday because it’s too sweet to interrupt 😭
Apparently OP goes to sleep in a button up shirt smh.
Awww😊❤
I was cat sitting for my friend for a month and the cat did the same thing to me. Then after I came home from work it was usually an asshole. Like fuck up your legs and hand on purpose asshole. Rinse and repeat
My cat will be crashed out at the foot of my bed until I say 'good morning'. I wake up a lot at night and give him a scratch or two, but he knows I'll fall back asleep. Once 'good morning' is said, he'll stretch, snuggle, and proceed to lead my downstairs to let him out. Cats are too perfect.
My cat is just like this! He hears my alarm at 7 and then rushes in for early morning cuddles.
this picture cured my diabetes and then gave me diabetes again
I dont need an alarm clock. My cats purr like a locomotive every morning. I'm not sure if only my cats do this, but every morning they'll wake me up at like 6am just so I can scratch them.
My cat does this all the time to me and it's so cruel on her part that I let her do it every day
that's so cute!! ❤ i want a kitty like this
My mom's cat learned that if she turned off the CPAP, my mom would wake up and feed her. 

Essentially, the cat learned she will get fed when she starts to suffocate my mom in her sleep.

Not nearly as cute as your story, but it's waking up to a cat, right?
Every morning, the instant my cat see that my eyes are open, she yowls like a banshee until I pet her.
You are such a good human! I value my sleep (a lot!) but I see why you do it. Probably the only reason I’d ever set my alarm earlier than necessary.
All my kitties do the same when they hear the coffee machine turn on!
When I start to ruffle the covers mine comes running in. They are really amazing
I love this, my cat Chester does the same thing!
So everyday your alarm goes off 30 minutes earlier? Wouldn't that eventually cycle through each hour? Your alarm will be going off before you even go to bed. But in a sense it already does that
I wonder if men really did love kitties down through the ages, or if kitties are just really really into the beard trend? Maybe a bit of both? :0
My cat just yells at me until I get up.
My kitty does the same thing!
One of my cats follows me to the bathroom every morning and lays down on my feet when I sit down.
My girlfriend does the same thing
Fat fuck ! No one cares !!!
My cat does the same thing 😁😃
[deleted]
I said aww out loud before even reading the name of the subreddit!
My cat learned that too, and knows it’s breakfast time for him, so now he starts knocking everything off my bedside table 30 minutes before my alarm.
My girl, Lemon, does this!! When I first got her, I had to add 10 minutes to my wake up routine because when she hears my alarm she demands rubs and headbutts. 

We've moved twice since I got her and she d be so scared and hiding all day, i set off my alarm to make her feel better, shed come trotting for rubs 😊
My cat wakes me up at 5AM playing in the room and toying with things until I feed her then still persists. Still trying to not get up but I am a light sleeper and earplugs make me unable to sleep.
Awww that is so cute!!
This is precious!! My cat does the same thing!
I want to give it all the time.
I suffer from depression, anxiety, and PTSD stemming from a bad car accident.  A lot of mornings, I have a lot of trouble getting myself out of bed. Our boy cat meows non-stop at me in the mornings after my alarm has gone off and paws at the covers until I get up. We've had him for around 9 years or so and before the accident, he'd only do it when his and his sister's food bowls were getting close to empty. So naturally I'd get up and head straight to fill his bowl but find it still mostly full. I'd get very annoyed at him up until last week when my partner pointed it out that our boy only quiets down once he has seen me get up and dressed, and that our boy's intent may have been to help me. We also started putting it together a little while ago that when I get upset during the day, he meows for my attention until I start petting him and I get settled. At night, his sister takes over the role of calmer and guard. Animals are more amazing than we give them credit for.
Your cat is adorable. I looked at this picture for SO LONG...

that now I've become fixated on your nose. Where did it go
Soft kitty

Warm kitty

Little ball of fur

Happy kitty

Sleepy kitty

Purr Purr Purr
I don’t like cats, but this...
Proof cats are affectionate. Checkmate cat affection deniers. Soooooo cute
Wow waking up early so your cat gets more snuggles? That's true love right there.
My cat hears my alarm and it's immediately time to feed her. She usually gets in my face and stares at me and then meows softly. It's pretty cute so I just pet her for a couple minutes and then tell her it's "time for breakfast."
Mine does this but instead of snuggle he head butts me and starts chewing my hair.
My cats know when my alarm should be waking me up, so if I have my alarm off they wake me up anyways. Its cause they want their wet cat food.
So sweet of you!  Nice hooman!❤️👍
My cat would know the sounds that I use to sleep, and the moment I turned them on he curled up right next to me for bed time. RIP Cash man. ❤️
Mine is somewhat like this.
My cat does something similar but when the alarm goes off she starts stomping on my head until I get out of bed and give her breakfast.
This is beyond adorable.
Aww that’s so cute!

Funny, my cat learned that too! She is not snuggly at all (actually she really wants attention but wants me to come to her), but she knows when my alarm clock goes off, i’m awake, in bed and available and then she visits me in my bedroom to be petted :) 

Maybe i should set my alarm earlier too.
Your cat's face looks like my cat. My cat also does the same thing. I made the mistake of telling him "Bring your cat to work day" is coming up. He says he is ready to go every day.
One of my cats used to be **the alarm...** he would always wake us all up for College and mum for work, he would bite your hair and pull it till you woke up (not in a hurt us way) at the same time every day.
I do the exact same thing.
Who are these people who get to wake up after the sun rises?
This is exactly my morning routine too! I love my morning snuggles with my kitten.
Are you paymoneywubby?
Solid username, real solid like. Tenply 

Edit: this was meant for isthistakenffs. I’m bad at reddit.
Sweet kitty but can we talk about your lips 

r/kissablelips
*You've been setting your alarm 30 minutes early every day to give YOU more happy time.

outstanding move
Yesterday my cat somehow got into my room and slept in the middle of my bed.
My cat learned that it can snuggle on my chest too wake me up so I feed it...   So he sets his alarm clock 30 minutes earlier every day.  I'm so tired
Omg thats soo sweet !!
You are a good cat dad
I love you and this too pure and precious.
😻😻
My cat does this, but to get fed.
No, but I do have a ginger twin
That’s probably the most adorable thing I’ve ever seen.
Yes! I do the same thing. Makes it so hard to get out of bed lol
Lol my cat also knows my alarm means I get up soon....so he starts jumping on me and yelling for breakfast.
My cat knows this too, but he just slaps my head till I wake up bc he wants breakfast. Personally I think 430 is about and hour too early but I guess I'm happy he's learned not to use his claws anymore
It’s little moments like this that make life worth living
That's so sweet.

My little assholes learnt that the same thing, only in lieu of cuddles I get things knocked to the floor, bed scratched, meowing in my face etc. 

If the alarm goes off you better be prepared to feed them in this house.
Oh my god, you just made me wet
This is so sweet! My dog won't get up unless I do. He will get up to drink a little water, but he will immediately come back to bed. When I am sick and not getting up, or stayed up late and sleeping in to noon, he stays right by my side. Such an angel.
My cat does the same thing! Not quite as snuggly though.
Stop what ever you do do not move 😋
Lol my cat does this too. Except she waits for me to turn over as if I'm going to get out of bed and she runs and jumps and lays on me making muffins. I can never get up on time!
True and pure. An angel 😇 just got their wings!
😍
Are you sure you are giving HER more happy time?
30 minutes early every day? What time you wake up after 2 weeks?
It looks so nice and bright and beautiful when you wake up!  I need a head lamp. Jellllyyy
Omg! My cat does the same thing! Except it's poke me with his paws to tell me it's time to feed him rather than snuggle...
I do the same thing but with my husband..I set my alarm 30 mins early every day to get cuddles in before I have to get up.

Am I married to a cat?
I'd have to set a 2nd alarm because I'd fall fast asleep cuddling my little darling like that.
Aww, thats so cute! I miss having cats.....
My cats loooove cuddles in the morning!! Unfortunately it's with my girlfriend and not me... It still warms my heart to see it 🥰
My girlfriend has learned this too, so I do the same thing!
You. I like you.
This is one of the sweetest things I’ve ever seen
My cat has learned the alarm sound means, "Oh shit I better move, he's about to roll over and beat the shit out of the noise machine".
Meanwhile, your cat is getting pissed off she has to wake up 30 minutes early every day.
Meanwhile, my cat knows when my alarm goes off. So she wakes up 15min before it, and starts kicking my face and purring to wake me up instead.
Awww adorable
But why are you wearing a polo to sleep?
Why am I crying right now?
Living futon meets living throw pillow!
This makes me so sad because I just lost my little Siamese cat 4 days ago and still have not found her. I’m very happy for you though :)
My cat jumps on my head.
I am 9 years into this very experiment
How sweet! My dog knows my alarm means I wake up and get out of bed so she leaves me and goes to my husband lol
No denying it, you are a sweetheart, Sir.
aweeeeee
This is super sweet. My baby is the same. She will usually come in and lay next to me until I get up.
Sweet
I have to allow for extra time each morning to spend with my cat and dog for morning cuddle time... If I'm lucky my cat won't knock my coffee of the table.
My cat learned this too. But instead she bites me so I actually wake up and turn on the shower. She loves showers. No snuggles unless its saturday. Then its 4 hours of naps on the couch
My cat is my alarm now. He knows around the time I wake up so he pats my face to wake me up and for cuddles. If I forget to set my alarm, he wakes me up so I'm not late for work! Cats are the best.
Is that a dilute tortie!?!?!
Lucky you. My cat is my alarm. He not small either
Mine does a similar thing. She won’t be as high on my chest, so we call it “tummy time” always great way to start a morning 😻
Can we talk about the Oompa Loompa shirt you’re wearing?
You're the goodest kind of human 💜
When i visited  Guangdong  province in China, i ate 3 cats....hmmm.
Love the way the cat paw lines up with the jumper, extra comfort experienced on my end
How I found out my cat was a mormon
Just dont leave and stay snuggled all day
...and THIS is a good example of how to have a pet cat that isnt an asshole.

People who hate cats don't treat them like this.
My cat wakes me up 30 minutes before the alarm and wants me to pet him. Turns out, little fucker just wants food. As soon as I feed him, he goes to neverland and I don’t see him until I get back from work. Kudos to you, OP!
jesus christ look at the beauty mode , looks like a painting.  still pretty cute tho
My 17lb Russian blue doesn’t understand daylight savings time, so he comes to wake me up at 0530 every morning, when my alarm goes off at 0630, wish his fat ass would get the hint
At our house we call that snuggles and rubbies time.
When your cat has you trained.



But you ain't a bad person for it.
You got a real perdy mouth, boy
Creeper
Where can I find one like this?  FYI...I'm not talking about the cat 😉
Why do you sleep in a collared shirt?
My cat does the same thing. She hears my alarm go off, she wakes up from laying on my legs, and curls up near my face.  
 
She's the reason I'm frequently late to work.
It’s so adorable. 

We adopted a kitten in Dec. Luna has learned the same thing. When the alarm sounds she kitty head-butts my girlfriend to cuddle every morning. My girlfriend hate loves it.
Your cat can suck my balls.
When I discovered my cat did this, I set an alarm on my phone for her feeding time. She now keys off of the alarm to be fed instead of any time I walk into the kitchen. It causes less stress for both of us. She doesn't worry when food will be available (she was once a  stray), and I don't have to hear her carry on when it's not her feeding time.
But do you actually wake up in 30mins? :P

When my pup is all cute and cuddled I always do the "I can get ready in 10mins" then I eventually end up late for work. Either I oversleep or it's just so addicting and cute I wait until I should of left for work.
good man!
"I see this as an absolute win!"
Mine has become an alarm clock... every morning at 7 is breakfast time
My car when I was a child did this. My mom would tell Jynx to wake me up, and he would run into my room and lay on my chest like this. Then after a while suck on my ear lobe. That was weird but woke me up.
I set my alarm one hour before I get up for work so my Irish Setter and I can cuddle. Every day... the alarm goes off and he pops up from the foot of the bed and plops on the pillow next to me with his head on my chest. I've been late for work a few times as a result 🤷‍♂️
This is me and my boyfriend. I’m the cat 😺 he always wonders why I set the alarm early
I had a cat growing up and did the same thing.  So precious.
Be careful. My cat comes and purrs in my ear a 3:30 now because he thinks I'll get up with him.
Mine knows I'll start thrashing around to hit the  snooze button and moves a few feet away :(
This is so cute 😻
You are a kinder soul than me. When my alarm goes off in the morning, I tell my cat, “sorry love” and then try to slip out from under the covers without shifting her. She always looks at me like I’ve deeply betrayed her. She forgives me when I fill her food bowl.
My cats know it means feeding time, so they lurk.
My cat hears my alarm and runs to the kitchen to be fed.
I do the same thing. My baby love cuddles me awake every day.
r/humansbeingbros
My cat is my alarm clock.
My cat is the opposite. Because we bring them into the room with us to sleep and we close the door my little girl nugget will meow in my face for each of my alarms (three alarms every ten minutes). If I still stay in bed after the this alarm she loudly meows and sniffs my face. Until I wake up and get up
Just what I needed after a long day at work. Kick back, relax and crack open a nice ol awww.
I had many years of this joy. My half-Burmese kitty, Pretzel, was a snuggler. She loved to get in under the covers with me and snuggle. She passed away last year, aged 17, and I miss those snuggly mornings. 

Your kitty is adorable. I wish you many, many years of morning snuggles together.
My sweet kitty does this every morning, alarm or no.
How nice!  My heckin cat opens and slams cupboards until I get up.
She’s a spoiled baby
My cat does this, but instead of laying on me when the alarm goes off, he meows directly into my ear until I make eye contact with him. Then he lays down next me.
I do the same thing with my dog. I call it his morning lovins. I set my first alarm fifteen minutes early so I can always give him totally devoted attention before I go to work.
What breed is this adorable kitty
Why tf can’t my cat do this? She actually took a shit on my bed once instead.
So precious. What a sweet idea for you both!
Aww that's sweet
Cause thats what heroes do
We are such suckers for our little furry buddies.
lucky you. My cat has learned to preempt the alarm by precisely 30 minutes, but isn't consistent enough that I can readjust without risking getting up late.
Getting up 30 minutes early: the ultimate show of love.
Oh gosh...  Needed this today
My cat does the same thing, although her circadian rhythm is timed to about a half hour before I wake and she is waiting for some ice cold water instead of food.  (I never sleep until my alarm is sounding.  I always wake up abhor 30 minutes before the alarm goes off. Yes, it's annoying).  She is always sitting outside my bedroom door, waiting for me to go into the bathroom.  She then demands cold tap water by jumping on the counter and reaching her paw towards me while blocking my use of the sink.  She will hold strong until I finally turn on the cold water to the oddly specific amount of water pressure.  If I don't get the water pressure right, or take too long, she will growl at me until I do (It sounds like a low pitched growl from a 9 pound cat).  I make sure to give her exactly what she wants because I know the consequences if I don't.  (She will follow me while growling until I leave for work approximately ask hour after waking up).  She is a very chill cat that's laid-back and isn't far from what I imagine a "hippy cat" would be like. (Yes, this refers to a hypothetical cat from the 70's.  It's my imagination).  She is a type B personality, while my other cat is decidedly a type A cat that is scared of the outside and only let's three people see her out touch her no matter what.
I do the exact same thing 🙂
My cat wakes me up but instead of snuggling he jumps on my bladder
Its amazing what kind of bullshit people will make up for fake validation from strangers
Hmm. I need a new alarm clock.
Are you Chris Pratt??
"Cats don't even show affection."
yall just cured my depression thats adorable
And you sleep in a button up shirt with a collar?  It's a setup I tell ya.
Adorable
So sweet.
Mine does the same thing!! And so I too set my alarm earlier; its the only option.
My cat learned that the alarm sound at 7am is the time i want to get up, but 5am is much more preferable to him so he meows in my ear until i give him some snacks.
Bro, you sleeping in polos? Damn
First time on this sub i actually said aww
Hi
My asshole cat wake me up at 7am demanding wet food!If I don’t get up, she screams even more.
BRO
I wonder if she thinks your making yourself late to please her?

That's a sweet gesture though! Bravo!
Eyes...tearing up... not what i need right before going on patrol. Too cute.
My cat just licks my arm and puts her ass in my face until I wake up
sweet cats are the best thing in the world this is so cute
HE’S SO HAPPY
What a healthy relationship...
I was cat sitting this cat for ages that would do that, owner offered to give him to me but I didn’t think I was ready. A couple months later I missed him so much I ended up getting one, but she doesn’t do this.

Still regret not keeping him man this shit is the best.
You're the best kind of person :)
Nothing cuter than a guy and a cat snuggling
My cat was getting annoyed by my alarm so she figured out how to turn it off. Now I have to make sure my phone is face down when it goes off so she can't paw at the screen.
Haha that’s nice. We have to shut our cat out of our room. If we don’t get up right when the alarm goes off she will either pull my wife’s hair or bite my hand so that she gets fed immediately.
I do this with my girl too. It's the best start to my morning.
Do you typically sleep in an ironed polo shirt?
Because that's what heros do.
,
  ,
,
Strong play.
,
I was found dead, after this beautiful post
I love this so much 😭
Aww!!!
9
You sleep in a button up?
My cat learned that the alarm sound means we are awake, so that means she can start her obnoxious meowing for food
Hey everyone just downloaded reddit today happy so be here
Oh my goodness how sweet you are!! 😁
Awww! I have to set multiple alarms for the same reason. I tell her “I have to get out of bed now,” and she’ll get up slowly and stretch and then move to the foot of the bed.
My 14 year old cat, who is awkwardly cuddling and purring on me while I post this, does the same and I also set my alarm early so I can get a morning purr sesh. He acts like a kitten still and I would love for him to live forever.
I wish someone loved me this much
Mine learned what time I wake up for work and meows at me till I get up, if my arm is hanging off the side she bites it lightly. Once I'm up she likes to rub agaisnt my leg till I sit on the floor and pet her for 15min. She used to not do it on weekends.

Edit: Sometimes when I set my alarm later she wakes me up at the time my first alarm would have gone off.
Her more happy time or you?
My new cat (been with us a week. He's 3) will also wait patiently until we wake up to jump on us. Such a thoughtful cat
You have a kind heart and a beautiful cat! What a wonderful gift we have been given to receive such unconditional love from animals we love. If we could all love like they do what a beautiful world it would be. I’m truly happy that you’re willing to sleep a little less to give your cat extra time to cuddle with you. Beautiful
Gotta love cat dads ❤️
I'm jealous, when my cat nudges me when I'm sleeping that usually means he is about to have super diarrhea all over my carpet if I don't wake up immediately at like 4 in the morning...
"Give HER more happy time,"

Sure bud.
Same.
awww cuddle cat
Mine does the same thing! Not every day, but often when my alarm goes off I hear her running for snuggles. Cats are the best.
Mine savagely demanda food immediately following the alarm.
May cat knows that sound a a food bell.
You get more happy time too!🥰
You sleep in a polo? Also, very cool and wish my cats did this.
I love you, human can opener ❤️
TIL: My wife is part cat.

This isn't the first comparison to cats that rings true either.
Let's be real. That 30 minutes isn't JUST for the cat. 😏
He's not that fat...
Yeah my dog learned mine too but instead he jumps on my face. Every. Single. Day.
2.000% support that decision
I do this with my wife. I set my alarm early so we can cuddle in bed before I have to go to work.
Apparently my cat hears an alarm sound from the second i get home from work until i leave the next morning lol. I think its because shes getting older she is so needy and wants to lay on me 24/7
My 9 month old Maine Coon has learned our alarm as well.  She for the most part leaves us alone until the alarm goes off.  Once it goes off.  On the bed she goes.  

However when we first got her she would sleep on my face or near it and purr which would vibrate the pillow so bad it would make me up and she would do it at like 4 in the morning.  She hasn’t done that since it got warm out.  I’m assuming she was doing it for added warmth.  I’m screwed again when winter is here.
best cat ever
I miss my cat :(
CMFEO, your Fleshmonster is so happy.
Because that’s what heroes do.
My dog rolls over for a belly rub when my alarm goes off. "Human, you may commence worshipping me again."
Dude! I am living the same, exact life right now. 

Wouldn’t change it for the world. 

https://i.imgur.com/YG247A3.jpg
You selfless bastard
You’re devoting 3% of your life to snuggling with your cat.  Good boy.
So cute, so heartwarming.
*everyone liked that*
So now I'm weeping in traffic, thanks Reddit.
This is the motivation I need to wake up in the morning
Cat I had used to hit snooze. Tickled me to no end.
Well then....
Mine just figured out that it means time for breakfast.
Aww
I had to do the same thing... with my husband. My alarm would go off and he'd half wake up, not know what was going on, roll over and start cuddling me. So I did what you did since he was making me late to work.
I'm  pretty sure you enjoy it too ;)
I love waking up to my cat - she's such a love bug.
UwU cutie
my cat hears my alarm and knows that means she'll get fed so she jumps on my bed and purrs in my face and I don't get to snooze the alarm 😑
This is how you cat.
I wish my cat loved me this much.
My cat just starts screaming at me to feed her
Wow. My cat just learned that it's the sound that means he gets fed, and that it's appropriate to stick his nose in my eyeball.
Fuck
Don't grab it's pp
You sleep in a collared shirt?
Almost the same thing happens to me.  About 330 or  400 I turn over on my back.  That's when Dexter wraps into the space between my arm and my side....
My cats always know when I'm about to get ready for work. I'll have 5 minutes before I need to get in the shower and they'll come trotting in and sit on my chest. Makes it a lot harder to go
Will you marry me?
Another lie for internet points....... you're phone has a video recorder right? Why no video?
Aww
🤗🤗🤗
My cat does this too but it's because he knows the alarm means breakfast.
Mine learned the alarm means I wake up and feed him, so he stands on me and puts his butt in my face while not shutting up. I love him.
My cat does this too!!! He makes me almost late for work like every day
Better make it an hour now
Oh, my heart!
My girl does this too :)
Gud hooman!
One of my cats is only cuddly right after my alarm goes off. It's crazy how smart cats can be
I seriously thought you were gonna say she snoozes your alarm lol
This man has the cat he deserves
That's so sweet it gave me both cavities and diabetes!
Ur cat is cute she is mine now
Mine does this too. It’s so sweet ❤️
I have to plan cuddle time with my black lab each morning too. The sad eyes break my heart when I’m in a rush!
Awww love them
That's nice. My cat has learned she is the alarm, and she's a yowler. I love that asshole.
This is true love.
this is it chief
Stop with the fucking meow puns
This is the BEST!
how can people even hate cats
I have to sleep on the couch so my cat can cuddle with me. I don’t let her into my bedroom, have cat allergies.
“Hi boss? Yeah I’m not gonna be able to make it today...”
Happy time for you too!!
Not all heroes wear capes.
My cat would never snuggle and I always felt sad about that. Currently I’m cat sitting for my in-laws and they have two one-year old cats. For the past three nights, after I go to bed, mayhem ensues. One of them immediately nestles himself squarely between my knees and makes getting up or moving around for the rest of the night near impossible. The other one will attack my toes if they move at all and after crawling over my chest chirping for the better part of an hour, eventually settles down about an inch from my face. After a long, immobile night surrounded by these little fur heaters, I typically am awakened my one of them gnawing on my toes and the other presenting it’s kitty-litter encrusted cat butt directly in my face. 

I wouldn’t change it for the world.
Please marry me.
You two are too cute
Who the hell sleeps in a collared button up dress shirt?
Yeah, more happy time "for her."

I gotcha buddy.
Awww, too cute! I have 2 cats of my own and they’re my world. One of them loves to cuddle and it melts my heart.
A smiling cat gives you a good day
My cat does the exact same thing!
just take her to work
The cat we had when I was growing up would hear my alarm in the morning and lay on my stomach until I got up. His name was Booger and he had the saddest meow but he was my cat and I loved him.
My dog somehow knows when I'm awake, versus just getting up to pee.

The only difference is she's whining to tell me "okay get up I need to shit," no snuggling.
