[deleted]
Is there a subreddit dedicated to tiny houses for pets?
I love that Maya has a plant
Pet the damn dog
If reincarnation is a thing, I want to come back as Maya. Maya's living the dream
This qualifies as an r/CozyPlaces ...OP please post it there they'll like it..
[removed]
no way my dipshit dog would stay in that enclosure
Hey MTV, this is my crib!
“Ummm.... what are you doing outside my house??...”

“...Oh! It’s you! Hey! You likey? It’s cute right? Oh crap... it’s raining! You just gonna stand there? Pet me already!”
Too trusting of the world but such a beautiful thing.
She looks so gentle. Pet the damn dog
I would love to see the inside.
This dog has a nice-r house than most centennials
This was probably a “dad who originally didn’t want a dog” situation where they end up spoiling the precious pooch.
I don't know if this is Britain but this looks so British. I love it.
"I'll only say this once, get the ruff of my property"
Having a patio raises the value of the house by approximately 7k.
This cabin could be rented out in Vancouver for 800$ /month to some exchange student.
Ah to be rich
That house will pull so many bitches
Hi, yes, I’d like to be her roommate. I have letter of recs
I wish I could pet her!
how do you get inside to clean it?
That is the most adorable thing I’ve ever seen. It’s like a Barbie Dream House for pups. 💚
This makes me so happy.
Greta needs some gutters.
Why is Maya’s cabin nicer than my house
No pets? at least boink her nose!
Aww, its by itself! Give it a pet damnit. You sick sick bastards!
That's a good border collie.
Wow she looks exactly like my 6 month old collie x kelpie boy. So cute!
Sadly I don't trust people enough to leave my dog out while I'm at work.
Fix your pronouns, noob.
She looks sad.
But like, isbt this a security breach issue? Anyone can get in probably and/or steal the dog ya know. Or maybe he comes from a very trustworthy community.
This really warms my heart.
I would like to live there with Maya.
I would die for Maya
Dang, her house is nicer than my apartment
Aww she has a nice cover from the rain
That is so freaking cute!
Nicer than most air bnbs I’ve stayed in...
PET HER.
Amazing
Wow I share a name with an absolute GEM of a dog? I’m awestruck.
Pet her already!!!!!
"Are you going to pet me, or stand there in the rain with your camera out like an idiot?"
I really need someone to go and pet this sweet girl right now!!
She deserves it
Maya has a better house than anyone I know.
I love maya and I will protect her with my life
Welcome weary traveler
She looked so sad I wanna cry
Meanwhile, I try to rent the dog house and they want $1700 a month on Zillow
Damn that's a nice pad.
Walk by where, through his backyard?
I wish every single dog had something like this. What a lucky pup and props to the owner for being so thoughtful
This is where I would drink my morning coffee if I lived there and drank coffee.
Did hank adopt another dog?
It looks like you would have to deliberately walk into their back yard to see the dog?
u/VredditDownloader
This seems more like someone's back yard then something just randomly near a sidewalk.

Not to mention these days you can't just have dogs that can pretty easily just jump a short fence roam places.
"talk to her while he's at work"
It’s a dog house, but I’m still jealous.
Thats a very spoiled girl and rightly so
Border collies are the best.
u/nerdyninjaassassin
Condogminium
The rain just makes it even more comfortable
I like that she even has her own house plant.
First thought...how to clean???
Need a lodger Maya...
He’s in his back garden. How exactly are passerby’s seeing his dog
This is like putting candy in front of a baby gate. Don't tempt me. I'm not beyond tresspassing for a well deserved pat and hug.
Excellent craftsmanship!
Dad: we arent getting a dog
*dad with the dog*
I half expected her to be a cat...
dogs don't much care for peeing on such rocks because of the backsplash, maybe a grass area in the garden / pen
This makes me happy.
This is the best thing I have ever seen.
Where's her satellite dish?
She looks terrified. She’s just seen the mortgage on that sweet pad
Yo how much for rent?
I would love to build something like this for my dogs, but unfortunately we can’t leave them outside during the day due to dogs frequently being stolen in my area.
That owner is sooooo Nice i wish I was his dog
If I ever had the money or spare time to build one of these, I am sure my dog would just end up visiting the cabin once a month
Maya keeps looking at her bowl like ummm you came to my house with no gifts?!
Does she need a roommate? I can’t pay more than $1000 a month.
Maya is regal as fuck.
So much Karma potential if you can convince your neighbor to let you give us a Tour
What a great way to get your dog stolen.
I want to be this kind of rich
What's the point of a luxury cabin when all you have to do is live alone. With no one to play with or share happiness with, there is no point in having a luxurious life..
Her face. "Ope, got a visitor!"
Ok. I need to see the blueprint for this. What’s the bumpout in the back? Does that connect to the actual home? Or is that a deeper inside room where she can go to get away from the weather? I have questions. I need a guided tour! I also want to pat her sweet head!
Can I  move in?
Dang the pup has a better house than me... but this is so precious!
Somehow, I believe I could manage to look even more thankful than Maya if I had that nice a home. Seriously, that's just beautiful
My border collie would prefer this. Outside > inside
Maya want's you to get off her damn lawn!
be careful with that cause ik strangers do poison dogs or put needles inside treats
10/10 perfect doggy.
I would NEVER disturb this hard working doggo while she's working..
finally a good excuse for a tiny home
Oh dear. Maya is giving you the side eye because no pats were offered.
Can she have me on rent ?
It’s so cool when I’ll get older and have a dog (or cat if my allergies go aways I’ll see) I’m gonna do the same
I can live there .
What kind of monster are ya?? Pet the dog!
“Start peeing on my god damn lawn” - Maya probably
Haha she looks at you with such suspicion. What are you up to OP?
She’s so humble
How can we see the inside??
"well hey there neighbor"
Woah at first I thought it was a real house and a giant fucking dog...
Pet the damn dog
How is this person not hugging this beauty
Better roofing on her house than mine.
Hey, see that bowl over there? You wanna fill it with something?
Is Maya looking for a roommate?
That dog has no idea how good it has it.
Living in the PEnTHOUSE
I feel like a shitty dog owner now.
Dude, I would legit live there
I saw this earlier and it said it was built so she could go outside even in the rain.
I feel like this would be hard to clean.
I wanna come see🤗
Not to be dramatic, but I would die for Maya.
This fuckin' dog lives better than me smh
She looks so sad it's making me sad.
Damn that dog has a better life than me
'git outta my swamp'
"I got out of bed for this shit?"
Very cute
Looks like she wants to go inside..like 5 minutes ago!!
I want to hang out with Maya.
imagine if you built this for your dog and they went for the cardboard box instead
When a damn dog has a better dig than you. Fml.
I want to see her owner.
Soon he will have to install no trespassing signs.. 
cause here I come puppy!!
Wow I love her
Please show us the inside or the street view instead of just zooming in and out
"people passing by" I don't get it, it looks like the backyard.
Such a good puppers!!
When a dog has a better place than you, I don't even wanna see the inside 🙈
Maya is a very special dog. Very wise eyes.
i want to be this dog
Good girl
I love you Maya.
How sweet! What a lucky dog!
Nice!
In this economy, he's just lucky to have a ruff over his head
This dog for sure has a better life than me
So you didnt say hello. You dont deserve this!
I want to hear the hello too, please stop uploading these cute videos without audio when obviously... it's a NECESSITY!
Aww what a sweet girl! SO gentle! :D
I feel like the people who make good money, own a house, has good skills and have the time to make these kind of things can teach us a lot, any advice?
I like how that dog gets up and walks out on to her porch to see who’s there. All dogs should live like this.
OMG.  That dog is living in my dream home.. wood cabin-type with a porch.  Lucky dog!
When a dog has a better life than you.
That's a good girl. Also how much is this airbnb per night?
I hate saying this phrase but this is literally goals when I get older.
I want to be this guy’s dog.
I’m having a really hard time understanding the proportions of this.
If I owned a nice big plot of land, my dog would have a nicer house than me. Bigger, too, probably.
Awww for puppers.. Down vote for actual video taker if puppers didn't get a pet or good puppers belly rub      thus ends my two cents
cute
if theres Maya we need Edgar
wait... THIS ISNT MAYA SHE DOEANT HAVE ONE EYE AND ISNT A PUG!
man that would've sucked if when you finished it your dog just sniffed at it and was like "wtf, I'm supposed to hang out in there?"
I’m envious of both the dog and the owner(s)
She is saying ,“Get off my damn lawn”
Nice work, even though this is most likely a repost, does anyone know how old Maya is? She definitely doesn't have much of that puppy energy left, but it might just be the breed. I know they are supposedly very exceptionally intelligent animals,even by dog standards. Unfortunately that's about it for my border collie experience besides the obvious herding drive.

Lots of people saying she looks sad. She looks old to me.
Sheeit man, that's nicer than MY deck!
“Ello dearie, Care to come in fur a pot of tea?”
I love this man. ♡
I thought on this sub the pets and owners are reversed. the pet built the house so the owner can sleep in it.

&#x200B;

also pet the damn dog.
That dog has a better place than me   ಠ_ಠ
I would die for Maya.
Uhhh, could you get off my lawn.
I'm genuinely curious if that's legal because its without AC. Cute nonetheless.
It's the cutties thing ever
That looks like snow. Why it be snowing? Is this an oldey. Admit it.
Is that little doggie condo backed up against the main house?
 I see that he is trying to understand the dogs perspective. Duh all commenters...who just randomly walks up and starts laying pipe all over someone else’s loved one? This dog lives better than I do.
I want to be that dog.
This is better than any place that I ever lived in
This is the kinda stuff I would wanna do for a pet.
does she laugh at the homeless people who walk by?
If I were this dude's neighbor, I'd get a camping chair and park myself in front of Maya's cabin as often as I could. It'd be like free dog sitting.
I want to vacation there
Treats. Why for no treats from the human?
Mayas human deserves Bronze, Silver, Gold, Platinum, and whatever that last metal is that is super rarer than all of them!
HOW HAS NOBODY ASKED WHAT KIND OF DOG THIS IS? SHEEP DOG? SHEPARD? TELL ME?!!?!!?
Does the cabin have heat? Because that looks like snow
Reddit is truly going to be the reason I end up getting a dog when we buy a house even though I’m a cat person.
Damn. That dog has it woof.
That's so fun!
Hello pupper
Tonight on MTV Cribs...
r/gifsthatendtoolate
"Hey, you're not the pizza dude..."
That face! That dogs living the dream.
She’s living better than me
Welcome to my crib
r/dontjustfilm
Lemme see them guts.

Of the dog house, like what’s it look like I have to know
That's cool
God this makes me so happy >:’|
What a life. Sign me up please.
PET THAT DOG RIGHT NOW!!!!
better apartment than mine
This is too sweet!!! I wonder if her Hooman is an architect or some type of engineer? This is very well built. Glad you have your own tiny home, Maya!❤️
That's a luxury condo in Manhattan. $2600 easily.
Paris Hilton is quaking
Dogs so much better than hoomans..
All doggos deserve such luxury.
We're going to need the plans
Maya, living like the Queen she is. What a beautiful dog.
/r/tinyhouses
Wow this is absolutely gorgeous
I want to see that dogs set up in there. Is there a full kitchen?
That dog comes out to say hello and that person doesn't even pet her? Why? Give that doggone the love she deserves God damn it!
Is the cabin connected to the house??
r/petthedamndog and r/confusing_perspective
This is the best! I love Maya and especially her owner!!!!! Dog lovers are the best people.
I love it
Thought this was r/cozyplaces for a hot second
That's a border collie. She built it herself.
That dog is loved.
I hope Maya keeps her house neat and tidy
Ha! my dog would jump right tfo to leap into the arms of passing strangers she's so loving lol
r/petthedamndog
I need to do that for my dog
Does he need a roommate?
oh, so this is what animal crossing looks like irl
doggo like, "why hello there!"
I love her and I hate seeing her this sad
This may sound weird especially considering the subreddit we are, but I wonder if dogs and other animals have a sense of "design anesthetics" and "luxury" the same way us humans do.

Like, even though this is a very well-built wooden house with windows, ramp, potted plants, pointy roof and a balcony with a good view, I wonder if the dog actually *acknowledges* they're living in something better than they used to... or wouldn't mind if the house was instead a big, tattered cardboard box with their pillow inside (considering it would be equally cozy regarding temperature etc)
A beauty, to be sure.
I love this house . What a nice human. I love Maya. I wonder if she would like a roommate. I’d even bring my own food .
Who is “he”? I don’t get it
She looking for a roommate?
This is the cutest thing ever! I want yo build one for my own boy!
This should be Leia...
Oh my God, she even waits by the window.
 /r/ABoringDystopia
GIMME THAT CUTE PUPPER DOGGO
I love everything in this gif
That dog is living the life cats dream about.
That dogs house looks nicer than my hovel. Well deserved, Maya.
Plans for this build please!
The house has better craftsmanship than most homes I've seen
I no I'm blind most the time but where is pupper..??.really nice little cabin...
This confirms it. Maya is good
I wouldn't trust people around my dog when I'm not there. Lots of messed up people out there.
i cry at how beautiful this is
Omg
I'm sure he would rather have a plain dog box and a large yard to run in.
What a beautful gift ! !
I’m assuming this comes equipped with a proportionately sized fireplace?
She's like, "See those stairs? Those are nice stairs".
I think this is a stop for gnomes to get supplies to help them along on their journey.
Dog got more room than most New Yorkers
Dogs and cats are amazing!! I’m gunna get one of each Dalmatian and a house cat dont know which tho?
Build me a house..please!!..
that dog looks REALLY confused.
This dogs house is nice than mine
Dog has a nicer house than me.. looking for a roommate doggo?
Perfect dog house))
Rent for that dog house is probably more than mine.
That dog could easily leave, but why would she?
Correction: Her *Dog Parent* not owner
I love how proud the dog is haha
That is the best damn doghouse I ever did see
I would die for maya
 Not to be dramatic but i would die for Maya
Looks cold to me
Can I live there?
He must have done something wrong again that’s why he’s in the dog house
That is great
The saddest part about this? That the dog just wants to sleep next to it’s owner.
Jesus christ pet the dog. You made him stop wagging by no patting
Damn, I was hoping for a full cabin tour :(
i have a problem whit the size and perspective, need a person or someting to grasp it better lol
NPC is waiting for you to pick an option.

A: pet the dog

B: pet the dog
That dog doesn’t look too happy for some reason. Like the lavish lifestyle has left it feeling alone. People are more interested in the house and not the dog.
Wow, that looks professionally built, perfect for such a cute dog!
Awww, what is cutie!
That tail tells everything
I watched this like 3 times wondering wtf is the dogs job? Then I just reread the title an hour later duh!! 
 Awesome fucking dog office or apartment/she shed 
Btw
Omg the tail wag
God damnit pan to the fucking left more mate
I hope it's not cold in there :c
That beautiful dog deserves it. Border collie?
He got wifi in that thing?
Pet her you monster.
We often say things like “we don’t deserve dogs.” 

This dog’s owner deserves dogs. If you’re doing any less, you’re slackin’ bro.
You think they have to be taught to stay in there like they think they're doing a trick, or she actually sees it as her dog house/shelter/cage or whatever
It looks to easy to snatch, and she can run away easier. The dogs cute and all but I wouldn't do it.
Pet her, for christ's sake
Awesome
And when she's feeling lassie, she can bark "IN YOUR FACE!"

#IN YOUR FACE!
TIL Maya the dog lives better than I do.
This dog is too rich for me to be allowed to touch with my peasant hands
Is she looking for a roommate?

Who am I kidding I still couldn't afford the rent
This is so sweet!!

Maya is, too!!
I wonder if she sits up there and flexes on all the dogs passing by her little house.
When the dog owns better real estate then you.
This is the best dog house I have ever seen!!! A blueprint of this I NEED lol
last name ibuki
Good happy puppy 😍😀😭😭😭
Anyone have more pictures of the cabin? Inside/etc.?

It’s so cool
I want to give the owner a soft kiss on the forehead and tell them thank you
Too cute!! Could we get a better view of the whole area? I hope she’s not facing the street directly 😰
I honestly want to take a peek inside Maya's house
And people say we have a wealth inequality problem...

Gotta love a country that has 500k homeless people and dogs with "luxury cabins"
Beautiful dog and beautiful life.
I want a large scale version of this for myself
What is that thing on the side of the roof?
Pet her you Monster!!!
Are there any photos of what the inside looks like?
All the dog wants is for the guy to get off the damn lawn .. it’s obvious
"Wipe your paws before entering, please and thank you"
Aww, how cute.
Thats the kind of crazy old man dog owner I aspire to be some day.
Cute doggo
It’s a *Maya* Temple.
Life goals right here.
I wanna see the inside!
I’m not saying that I’m jealous of an animal, but that doggo’s second house is better than my entire house.
Meanwhile in CA, this sells for $800k
Why doesn't she live inside with her family?
"ohhh guests"
Look, man. I love dogs as much as the next guy.

But it still blows my mind that people can think this is “adorable” while human beings are dying from rationing their insulin.

The dog would be just as happy, if not more, on a patch of dirt with a dead squirrel.
These air bnb's are getting ridiculous
Fuck that spot is bigger than mine
WHAT IS THIS, A HOUSE FOR ANTS?!
We're not worthy! We're not worthy!
Well phuck me dead. That’s a great bloody house ain’t it.
Cuteeeee
Uh, don't get a collie breed if you don't have the space for them to run around
Ed.. Ward
*Good girl waits for owner to return from the war* 

- Colorized, Circa 1945.
When the dog has a nicer place then u do.....
Is there more context here? I'm freaking out cause she's out in the rain with no door, and I don't see a way for her to leave the enclosure and head inside.
This is Jed McKenna’s dog.
Mine would jump that fence and proceed to bug the neighbors
This is awesome.  I decided a long time ago if I ever own another dog then I would do this and I’ve already planned out all the amenities
My favorite dogs are the ones that stand there staring at you stoically but their tails wag like a propeller and that’s how you know they’re excited
You could just give the dog a regular fucking dog house. It wouldn't know the difference. ITS A DOG
Every dog should live like this.
How does he keep the dog from getting stolen?
i have never aww’ed so hard in my life
She has a nicer place than I do
I thought he meant Maya as in the 3D program. I thought this was a hyper-realistic render.
More like a barkbin!
can she not jump out tho?
My heart...
I know absolutely nothing about building but if there was a YouTube video on how to make this I would totally do it for my dog.
Maya’s like, “What you sellin, hooman?”
ugly mutt
Is this doghouse not r/nextfuckinglevel
I really hate to be the negative person here, but here in Baltimore people seem to poison dogs just because, so sadly we can’t have things like this. I never let my dog out in the yard without my supervision because of it. Could be remedied by more training, but even then my heart couldn’t and can’t bare the risk.
 This is so beautiful! I can't...
She's sad. Because she can't be with her family (owner).
How much is rent, just asking for a friend.
Colonel Mustang wants to know your location. . .
Amazing
I want one for my mother in law
Not gonna lie I always look in the door of an apartment as I’m passing by (I don’t stop it’s a glass door so I just keep walking while looking) purely because there’s a dog there maybe a third of the time. One time the dog was standing on the counter in the kitchen and just looks up at me like the fuck you looking at. (It’s probably a 60 lb dog)
So AWESOME! What a lucky pooch!
He has his own front window!
That’s totally COOL!
Cuteness overdose!!!
I'd love to see the inside!
This is as good as Sven’s house in Minecraft.
If I watch long enough does someone pet the damn dog?

&#x200B;

e:  no
She has the look of. "Ugh I suppose I must get up to greet the peasants. Yes, look upon my magnificence, give me snacks or leave so I can go back inside."
Maya is way ahead of me..deym
I absolutely love it 💕
I just wanna be rich and independent enough to do this for my dogs.
What if dogs find us just as cute and exciting as we find them and hence why interactions like this happen. Sooo cute.
Aww how sweet
Maya would still rather be in the people house.
Australian Shepherd?
PET THE DAMN DOG!
Wish we can see the inside.
*insert jokey complaint about San Francisco rent prices here*
That dog is living the good life.
Wow that is awesome!
That dog has a better life than me
There's a special place in the hell that I'm going to oversee for pet owners like Maya's :)
I can see poor people being the pet of rich people and they get A house and food
41 second video; no "good girl" - r/whyweretheyfilming
This is absolutely incredible 😍
i was hoping for a tour
Cute!
Can’t help seeing how much this doggy misses her mom/dad.
I will stay my ass right in Ohio where we pay 715 for a one bedroom and thank my lucky stars I'm here.
This is so awesome. Rent would be 2700 in LA lol
This is more like /r/mildlyinfuriating!   Look how the dog luxury apartment is just far enough away that no one can pet her.
So refined
She’s seems unimpressed and would  rather be in the actual house with closed doors and warmth
Hank Hill?
can’t even get a text back
Anyone have the plans? I’m tryna build this for my clearly deeply neglected dogs ASAP
Now that’s really neat :)
I'll rent it for $1300
That’s is sick that shit is better than my house what am I doing with my life
I have a dog named Maya too!
is this in Japan?

that roof back there looks japanese style
Wtf, OP? You didn’t even give that girl a nice petting? Just stood there and stared like a mad man, while little poochy was confused as to why she wasn’t getting petted. :(
Well I'm moving into my first house and this one got me beat.. ;,(
Is it within petting distance?
This is the best thing ever
Stay off my lawn Maya probably
Well this is the cutest thing ever. What a nice thing to do and what a sweet pup
It's nice. :)
Dog is like, “You see this shit? I walk out and it’s clear. Now that I’m ready to come in, it’s fucking snowing, Rob. Rob, like, I was in here maybe five minutes. Just come and pick me up, thanks.”
awww. cute man
My dog, Rory, would had loved this. She loved to watch out of the window on a pillow, watching people. We should had built this so she could sit and look out of the window from her own house. She enjoyed people, and barked at them as if she was talking.
Really cool :)
What kind of dog is this?
I need a house tour STAT
u/mars295
Seems cautious. She more than likely comes across tons of fuck heads. Awesome loft. But i would keep my dog away from the majority of society the same way i woukd my kids.
My dog's name is also Maya
Wow!! Doofledor needs one to sit in and do his banshee husky howl
That's an old dog, and if ever there was a perfect retirement home for an old lady like that, this is it. Warms my fucking heart. We gotta love our old fellers.
When you realize people love their fur babies so much they do things like this.
Omg! I started saying (in my head), “hiiiii sweet girl!!!!”
I hope to live in a place like that
Is this person massive or that’s a short fence
This needs to be the little spoon?"
:)
This is the cutest thing I’ve ever seen
Nice place Maya.
dog does not look that happy to be being disturbed.
If that has an entrance to the house, this is the greatest doghouse I've ever seen.
Damn thats a nice house/doggo/thing to do.

So much niceness!
Shit... Ahhhh
So so cute !!!!❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I would like to speak with Maya
Maya is the most precious thing I’ve ever seen
she's like a character in zelda 64. all they had to do was press A.
hope it is heated
Pet the damn dog!!!
How cute is she!?!
"Will ya get off my porch please?"
I’d be so paranoid someone would steal my dog.
The queen of her own palace
Pet her, you monster!
How do you clean it?
Oh wow, Maya is my border collie's name! Named after the ancient Mayans
Me too
For god sakes put the camera down and give that dog some love.
What do I up vote, the dog, the cabin, or the compassion... Guess I'll go all three!
This is pretty awesome
THIS IS SO ADORABLEEEE
Can i stay with you Maya?!  


🐶: Nope
That's so cool
I wish maya's owner was my owner, her house is better than mine
So, what does the dog work? Receptionist?
Meanwhile the neighbors dogs bark at me through the fence when I'm on the opposite side of their fence. Cute dog, poster!
The stairs look a bit too steep.
PET THE DOG WHAT ARE YOU DOING
I’m kinda jealous.
I almost ripped my screen in half, what's with the F\*in trend to not pet the dog, you just went further away when he showed :(
Was disappointed the person who made the video didn’t go in for some scritches.
I want a home tour of that house.
Pet her you monster!
I bet heaven is just like this, only bigger
Why didn’t you pet her?!?!!
"This house doesn't come with a human!"
Man did quite much to isolate the dog out of the family.
What?! No pets for Maya?! Thats cruel.. Pet her and film it this instant!
I have to show this to all no Kia dog only couples I know immediately
I would be afraid that someone would take my dog.. 😕
what a cool thing to do. dog looks totally happy chilling in his condo by the picture window. too too cool
"Oh Hello there human, welcome to my humble abode."
Watch out, the IRS might try to tax that dog
Pat the dog you monster.
I want to see the inside!
I LIVE that
This dog lives better than me.
In Vietnam, she'll be abducted and sold to dog meat restaurant in 30s
That's what she deserves 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
Why does the fence look so big, weird angle or what?
$100/night on Airbnb
It's cute and all but people need to stop keeping their dogs outside of the house. It's 2019. Dogs are part of your family. Stop leaving them outside in the cold snow.
Damn i feel shitty that my first thought is that dog's living nicer than most people in the world.
## PET THE DAMN DOG!!!!
Although you can’t see it in the video, I wonder what the steps are like, and if they were built Mayan-style.
I wonder if there's piles of shit just stacked up on the inside.
I don’t get it why does the dog and the house look so small
Go pet her you monster!
Everyone liked that
Her owner seems awesome!! What a wonderful thing to do for your dog!! Maya looks like such a gentle soul too!
Even the dog found that interaction awkward
PET THE DAMN DOG
That doggo live better life than me
Coolest thing i ever seen
So cuute
I’ve seen so many dogs on Reddit that have a better standard of living than me
Her tail wag is so precious 🥺
Awww!! How sweet!
Well say hi already!!!
This is the type of stuff I want to build for my dog. IF I HAD ONE
Omg that is freaking awesome. I want it for my self.
damn /r/cozyplaces
Awww so cute! 🥰
Might be insane but I'd rather build this cabin for a dog than my kids lol 

Happy playtimes, Maya!
Omg i love it. Just hope that some Karen doesnt give poisoned food like some sick fucks do.
Fantastic 👍👍
This looks like the one they built in the transformers film
That’s one lucky dog...!
doghouse building skill: 10/10
r/petthedamndog
Better than my entire estate
Please tell her I love her
How much is it for renting?
I can't imagine the owners house if this is what the dog house looks like.
If Maya ever considers moving out I hope she puts her place up on the market, I’ll happily put down a deposit.
She’s clearly a sweetheart & deserves it.
Even though I have cynephobia that’s soooo cute ...........SUGOIIII
I love Maya and her cabin
It's out of petting reach, 3/5 at best.
This post deserves platinum
This is wholesome
"Hello, glad hooman made it. Yo can gib treato as hawse wamin gif!"
In some neighbourhoods i lived in, that would be one dead dog in a matter of weeks. Its always astonishing how evil in little petty ways people can be
This is so precious.. I need one
Look at her. She deserves it
