“Ew, omg, how dare you”
It started out with a kiss, how did it end up like this
We could use your dog’s faces in Drake memes.
Oh, but it's alright when you do it! ☺️
I tried this with my dog and she tried to stick her tongue in my mouth. I can confirm this doesn’t work. 😂
oh Huxley, he's still got a lot to learn about manners from Hugo lmao

Edit: in case people don't know, this is @hugoandursula and she's very active on Dogspotting
No U
The other dog in the window reflection looks so jealous. Poor doggo 😢
This is the taste of a good boy!
⣰⣾⣿⣿⣿⠿⠿⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣆ ⣿⣿⣿⡿⠋⠄⡀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠛⠋⣉⣉⣉⡉⠙⠻⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣇⠔⠈⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠛⢉⣤⣶⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣦⡀⠹ ⣿⣿⠃⠄⢠⣾⣿⣿⣿⠟⢁⣠⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡄ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠟⢁⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⠁⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⠋⢠⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠿⠿⠿⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⡿⠁⣰⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠗⠄⠄⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟ ⣿⡿⠁⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠋⠄⠄⠄⣠⣄⢰⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠃ ⡿⠁⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⠄⢀⡴⠚⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡏⢠ ⠃⢰⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⣿⣿⠴⠋⠄⠄⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⢀⣾ ⢀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠃⠈⠁⠄⠄⢀⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⢀⣾⣿ ⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄⠄⠄⠄⢶⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠏⢀⣾⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣶⣶⣶⣶⣶⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠋⣠⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠟⢁⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⢻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠟⢁⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⠈⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠟⢁⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⠗⠄⠄⣿⣿ ⣆⠈⠻⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠛⣉⣤⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣇⠠⠺⣷⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣦⣄⣈⣉⣉⣉⣡⣤⣶⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠉⠁⣀⣼⣿⣿⣿ ⠻⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣶⣶⣾⣿⣿⡿⠟
Wait a minute that's illegal
A comment found on Doggit, the canine Reddit site:

"u/humanshavefeelingstoo 

Did you know that humans don't actually like to be licked? I know dogs think they're showing affection to their people by licking their faces, but humans don't understand that. When we lick them, humans feel severely stressed out and sometimes even threatened. Our perception that they like being licked comes from our own expectations that other animals think and feel the same way we do. It's very doggocentric. Humans only put up with it because they love us. We have to stop doggothromorphizing humans."
This is the taste of a liar, Giorno Giovanna
I don't think, he appreciates it.
is it me or the reflection doesnt match the dog in the first image?
Hey that’s Ursula and Hugo
Awww heck no she doin me a lick
“Oh my god, is this what it feels like when I do it!!  Do not want..”
*\*Record scratch, freeze frame.*
[deleted]
Dogs lick the faces of those they recognize as their pack leaders. They get terribly confused when, after they lick your face, you try to lick them back, because that's not how the hierarchy of dogs works!
My favorite part of this picture is the Golden doggo in the reflection (top frame) who I think is also holding the camera.
Confused about the third frame for a sec
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=qabCWXXFmeE

> Do you know what it means to lick back Raymond? 

👏Because👏I👏do👏
Is this the same girl that let her dog walk her on a leash
When I bamboozle:  
  
When being bamboozled:
“God dammit Karen, did you eat a turd?”
Stop you're embarrassing me.
I love this! When animals come up to sniff me, I start quicksniffing them back. They get good and weirded out. 🤣
Dogs and humans alike know that dog licking humans = appropriate.  Human licking dog? Inappropriate.
This could be a meme format
Tried this. Got tongue full of furr then a French kiss.
I legit thought she licked and pulled away with that line of saliva stuck to the good boy....only to realize it was his whisker.....thank goodness it was not!
My dog will lick my face and then turn her cheek toward me like she's expecting me to reciprocate. I will give her a kiss on the cheek, but definitely no tongue.
You can see the reflection of the camera-dog in the window
I spent a solid ten seconds trying to figure out the point of the third panel
Humans licking dogs?  Dogs walking ladies in yoga shorts?  Reddit needs Jesus this week
Dog are so expressive, amazing. lol
lmao omg, the dog's reaction is priceless!
Lol the dog isn't enjoying this
Guess this is where it starts might as well change 

r/Aww to r/Eww
Aww, toofers. I love when my dog leaves his mouth open after a bork and you can see his chompers.
Haha I did this to my dog once. He gave me a total WTF face.
I will never understand why dogs dont like it when we do anything they do back to them x.D
Did the dog in the window reflection take the picture?
Both of those were more gross for her than the dog
All while the other dog takes photos, disgusting
This is actually the most adorable. End of story.
 H Y P O C R I T I C A L B O Y E
Would.
Dog: Why is this slave LICKING ME!!!!!!?
Youre tongue is dirtier than his/hers
I could play a reverse card IF MY HUSKY DIDNT EAT ALL OF MY UNO CARDS!
I did the same thing to my dog so that she can understand how i feel when she’s licking my face :))
I tried this once. And I emphasize ONCE. instead of pulling her head away like this, my pupper licked my tongue. It was gross. I’m pretty sure I brushed the enamel off my teeth afterwards.
Dog: Well played hooman.
You're cute. The humans not bad either
"No u"
My dog does that same shit. The disgust on his face when I lick him back 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Thank god I'm not the only one who does that
Amusingly, your actually confused your dog.

It licks you to shows bonding, and submission.

You looking the dog in the eyes, submitting...

Confused, and upset the dog.

Life’s funny. 🙂
I do that to my cat all the time 😉
For anybody wondering this dogs account is hugoandursula
Dog: "Wait no that's illegal"
His/her face is killing me😂😂😂. Like ew human stooooooop
Why is the dog’s head in the first picture tilted further down than it actually is in the reflection of the window??
The reflection of the dog isn’t licking her 😳😳
That's a pro gamer move right there....
So....no one's gonna call out how that's actually kind of nasty on her part?.........ok
No telling where that tongue has been....
[deleted]
She seems fun
Ugh human breath
u/Poem_for_your_sprog
Do you have two dogs? Because is no one gonna point out the fact that the reflection doesn't match what the dog is doing?
That dog has harnessed a powerful lick.
"How do you like it?" - That girl, probably
There’s a ghost dog at the window
This deserves an award
The face
Well yuck, but the look on the dog’s face is perfect.
Can I try? 

&#x200B;

jk...
I thought that crack in the wall was separating two frames
Jajaajaajaaajaa good boy
The reaction is priceless haha
Oh god your breath stinks Karen.
My brain had a really difficult time realising the last "panel" is actually just part of the bottom picture. Was sitting here failing to understand the punchline.
[removed]
This is Huxley and the other dog is Hugo. I babysit him from time to time
This reminds me of one time when my small dog was younger and he was biting a little too much so I bit him back on his ear (not hard obviously). He didn't like that one bit. There's no way I'm licking a long haired dog though. Struggling with all my wife's long hairs she leaves all over the house are enough for me. They're dirty blonde too so they're basically invisible!
My borfriend nibble the ears of our dog, the dog's face is so funny
Got em!
Why would you lick a doggo
I thought the bottom picture was split in half and was supposed to be seeing something on the right half.
Ewww hooman slobber
The dog is thinking . “ it’s only cute when I do it “ lol
This dog is a hypocrite
My dog get's super pissed when I bite him.  But he started it.
The dogs reflection isn't licking
My Doxie does the same thing.
what happens but it seems that you don't like a lot
My dog just starts licking me more
Now that's a good boy
He/She does not look impressed!! 😂
bird: chirp chirp

cat: meow meow

dog: WHAT THE HECK IS SHE DOING TO ME
So much love
*Hecc*
"Oh my God, I cahnt believe you done this"
Oh how the turn tables
Don't quote me, but I think it's a sign of submission, so they're confused when you do it.
[r/thatsprettycute ](https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ)

Edit:heh heh heh...
This better not awakening anything in.....me?
Abork! ABORK!
Was there a second date?
Okay so am I the only person whose dog hates being kissed without being able to kiss back?  She gets super upset when I just start kissing the top of her head a whole bunch.  I think it's because she wants to pay 'em all back so she'll sit and lick my cheek for every one I gave to her.
Second image: NO! I don't want to be leader!
In dog's mind, "*How could this happen to me? I've made my mistakes*"
The dogs face in the second picture... Is everything.
I've never seen a dog look so disgusted! I'd love to know what's going on in their mind.
Dog: **ewwwww**
Hugoandursula on Instagram, one of my favourite accounts!
Welp, that's mouth full of hair now.
Can someone tell me what beautiful breed of dog this is?
This taste is the taste of a liar!
Who else thought there was a third panel with nothing in it because of the crack in the sliding door panel?
Yeah a cat will rub their face all over you, but if you try the same they're like "wtf stop"
This game sounds a lot more fun than 52 card pickup
dogpill confirmed
They are both grossed out.
Don't put your nasty 'idontknowwhereitsbeen' tongue on my face!
This is the taste of a liar!
HOOMAN STRIKES BACK: MORE ON BARKING NEWS
I do this to my dog every now and then and she gets so offended.
This has meme potential
Karma be like
Why doesn’t the top reflection of the doggo match?
This is the taste of a liar
IS THE OTHER DOG THE PHOTGRAPHER?
Double standards are shattered.
Thats Huxley!!
What does this mean?!?
no lick, only licked
Is it weird to put your dog's ears in your mouth and bite them with your lips? I do it all the time.
This... Is the taste of a liar, Doggo Giovanna
I thought it was a three frame comic and couldn’t figure out why that third frame was relevant.
That's a good Mr. Peanut Butter cosplay.
I see meme tablet
Good way to get sick.
I love this
What kind of dog is this? Golden retriever english cocker spaniel mix? I must acquire.
The dog is so irritated
I don’t know. His reaction looks more “aw, shucks” than “ewww” to me.
I think I remember reading somewhere that dogs lick you as a sign that you're in charge. Maybe I'm wrong
Ew!! Get away from me!! 🤣🤣🤣
Got him!
Dog licks woman - obscurity.  Woman licks dog - top of front page.
This is a taste of a LIAR!!
Looks more natural when the dog does it.
Bruh moment
This taste.. is the taste of a liar, Giorno Giovanna!
Has anybody else sneezed at their dogs face, in retaliation?
"This is the taste of a liar"
Got a ghost dog in the background.
It’s funny the look on the dogs face from the window reflection haha
Anyone else do a double take when they saw a second dog in the reflection?
don't lick me r/fangies
My yellow lab would even love it. If I lick him he'd lick my tongue. So, no.
Dog licks his butt, private’s and the homeless guys puke from the day before.
HOW do you like it!
Why is the dog in the reflection in a different position
u/TitleToImageBot
If my dog barks, I bark back and it always makes him hide in a corner. Strange things.
Huxley is such a doof. What did you expect you big baby!
I once tried this with my dog and she started humping me and going nuts
Dog be like "Eeewwww! Human germs!"
It's Ursula! She has two Golden's: Hugo and Huxley
I think you are doing fun to play with dog and you believe only dog is the best for you
But in the glass the dog is staring straight!!!
THATS THE TASTE OF A LIAR, GIORNO GIOVANNA!
When my dog humps my leg, I'm just supposed to be cool with it, but when I hump my dogs leg he's all like yo what the fuck man... That's not where my anus is...
That doggy
Wht wmmn trly do fk dogs.
Thats so cutec well atleast 4 me!!😊😊😊🥰
Next frame. I reverse your reverse card good sir.
My poodle sticks his tongue up my my nose ..lmao
I understand you love dogs - I love dogs myself - but how can you let a dog lick your face ?
Wow, you’re super cute. 

Your human isn’t so bad either.
You have two puppies! They are so cuteee
Jesus, this stuff gets stolen from Instagram so quickly these days.
Aww I love him
Whitey moment
No u
That’s actually EWW
This is perfect
Do we all look that weird when licking something lol
KAREN NO
Just an excuse to lick ur dogs face
Second pic looks like Celine Dion licking an ice cream cone.
we live in a society
Beastialoty, I’m gonna have to ask you to get in the car maam
[removed]
"This taste, Giorno Giovanna, is the taste of a l-" 
"No U"
Dogpill proven
Cairn we had would over lick. I tried that and it cut back the excessive licking. 

Tried it on my beagle just confirmed to her that she loves me.
After seeing another one of these a few months ago I tried it with my dog.

I ended up licking his tongue.
Seems like there’s another dog just watching =(
I'm surprised this isn't gilded.
wow, cute!
Gottem
r/thanksihateit
Double standards
You must be invincible in uno
Kissed a jackal in the mouf!
SO CUTE!!
This is the taste of a liar
You guys look the same
My dog would start licking my tongue if I did this.
U? NO!
It took me too long to realize there wasn’t a third panel, and the line was for the door.
"Human, don't kiss me, ew"
[deleted]
Ok now my turn!
Right back attcha!!!
“I can’t believe you’ve done this.”
Yessssssss
When my girlfriend wants attention vs when I want attention
Well played
"Youre licking my ear weirdo"
Dog's profile is cute af
Got em
I just want to throw it out that there that I really want a deck that has a few "NO U" cards in it.
The edge of the door in the bottom picture made me think there was a third picture next to the bottom one with nothing in it
Yamero!
White woman in a nutshell
“What. Are you doing Hooman”
I did this to my cat & got the dirtiest look ever
Yucky
What a lovely face to lick...:-P
Ha! Agreed! My puppers hates the reversal. Me too, but to prove a point I’ll go to certain lengths.
The reflection doesn't match...fake news?
Lmbo
Why is the dogs reflection in the first picture different from what he’s actually doing??
Looks like the dog has long, luscious lashes in the top pic without zooming in!
He's seen where she puts that tongue.
Dogs and their double standards
I do that with my cats XDD
Faces
Ha!
When you eat the booty vs when she wants to eat yours
The uno law!
I feel like this woman and I are besties. And so are our dogs.
Not gonna lie, thought there was a last Pannell of a concrete slab
Lol
dawwww
The reflection of the other dog looks jealous.
I've seen this in action between my dog and my 4 month old
I've seen this in action between my dog and my 4 month old
wouf
I'm the dog in the reflection watching
I'm a genius!


Oh no!
Who licked who first cannot be determined by these photos.  So I have questions......
This is hugoandursula on IG. Well in the pic it's actually Huxley and Ursula 😊
Adorable. 
But can someone explain the different reflection to pose in the top picture? Is it a camera/time thing?
And now you are the Beta.
It's only aww because she is beautiful.
This dog... Taste like a lier!
The dog looks disgusted
I love how horrified this dog looks
Now I understand why my wife licks my ears.
Reverse card x9000
She can lick my face if she wants 🤷🏼‍♂️
Hey, can i use your Picture?
I’ve done this to my dog when he’s annoying, 5/7 can confirm this is a one-way street. Mine was just as offended.
^^(nooooooooooo)
"WHOA Karen! I don't know where your tongue has been!"
Haaaa
I do this with my cat
Whats up with the 3rd panel
That will show him!
He looks so horrified!
That picture below has a lot meme-potential.
Give credit to Hugo and Ursula for your post please!!
This made my day
This game sounds a lot more fun than 52 card pickup
The dogs shadow in the back is different
Look at the reflection in the first picture
This is the taste of a liar
Now get some peanut butter
Ummm actually. Just kidding I’m not one of those people. Have a good day!!
What are you doing human, STOP!
I thought the crack in the door was a collage frame divider. I'm like "I don't get the joke?"
Holy crap, I matched with her on bumble. The Insta is full of these awesome dog photos.
Is there another dog? I can see the reflection of jealously. lol
No u
Same energy
He’s like yo stop
Poor dog has heard how filthy our mouths are.
Did anyone else notice that the reflection of the dog on the top picture, does not match what the dog is doing in the picture....
Gotta show who's the alpha.
Just adorable.  The pooch is pretty cute, too.
Is there a subreddit for this kind of "reverse card" post? I'm craving more of this kind of thing 😁
Awwwwwwwwww...shit.
IM SORRY WHAT
Hold up, is the other dog in the reflection taking the pictures?
"wtf karen?"
Look at me. I'm the dog now.
No U.
Ursula?
Is that another dog reflection on the mirror??
That is one beautiful fucking dog. 

The girl isn’t so bad either.
Assert dominance
Anyone think of UNO?
😍
I hate you both.  https://imgur.com/a/IWKk8k0
I've done this to my dog so many times that he is starting to enjoy it and get excited when it happens.

*finally they're speaking my language!*
All this talk about ratting out butts is making me miss my wife.
This taste... it's of a good dog!
On a real note. Not to sound super weird but, I lick dogs back sometimes, and they love me after that. It's their way of showing affection. I've licked my last 3 dogs...faces that is. They loved it
Checkmate! Oh wait, we're playing Uno. etamkcehC
But why is the dogs reflection off?
The dog pill is real.
Eca
To drop bombs but he keeps on forgetting?
I've seen these two on tinder. They're photographer / models and their instagram is a crease
“Wtf! My tongue is substantially cleaner you bitch!”
"No hooman, it doesn't work like that..just go."
I do the same thing, assert dominance!
This good boy looks like a boyfriend who loves his girlfriend and is trying to bug her for fun, like putting a cold glass on her bare skin for reason, and then his reaction when she unexpectedly does it back for revenge.
Lucky pooch.
This is the taste of a liar
No u
That’s a weird fetish...
#HOW CAN SHE LICK?!
oh! how the turntables
omg what it🤣
 I'ts just a kissing moment.
The reflection in the first pick? Is the simulation breaking ?
draw four, cow lick
This tastes like a liar, Dogiorno Dogiovanna!
Dog: \*licks face\*

Me: YOU JUST ACTIVATED MY TRAP CARD! \*licks Dog back\*
Get away from me Karen. I know what you had in your mouth last night. You filthy bitch!
The ole razzle dazzle
LOLOLOL 😂👍
L I C K
Everyone's talking about the dog reaction but NO ONE is talking about the dog who took the picture. (window)
I like you Karen, you make my .... UUUGGGGHHH COME ON KAREN!
😍😂
Good Boy falls prey to devious bamboozling human
Another dog in the first pic ?
It looks like there is a second dog in the background waiting to get a licking
This has the same energy as Cleo and his owner
/r/Cringetopia
This is disgusting
No means no, lady.
I'll (playfully) bite my cat sometimes in retaliation and I definitely get a 'wtf is wrong with you?!' look.
Is no one going to talk about his reflection
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.today.com/today/amp/tdna160075

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.insideedition.com/mom-who-lost-hands-and-legs-dog-lick-still-loves-her-pet-german-shepherd-55074%3famp

10 seconds of research.
I would give her a facial
Dog: Why do you always make things weird, Karen?
ew your tongue is soft and fleshy hooman
[deleted]
[deleted]
She's very pretty
white girls fuck dogs
HAHAH his face!!!
That dog is 2 times younger than you you pedo
hooman stahp
And how many times did you take a picture of yourself before you posted it as naturally happening?
Let’s see you hump a dog’s leg
Staaahp
inb4 i wish i was that dog comments
Those eyebrows though
Double standards much? Is this dog a republican??
Only i realized that the reflection of the dog don't fit the photo? Only me? ok
He almost liked those painted brows off...
Ugh, human mouths are disgusting
"Stop it, Karen. My kink is to LICK, not to BE LICKED."
Come on! Her kiss is staged and terrible. Pup is legit
I'd love to lick her arsehole
Replace her with an ugly chick and this post gets downvoted to hell
No one ever said biting and I will take the bite of a human any day over a dog. I like dogs, but I’m not going to let one bite me. I certainly would be far more worried given the odds of disease. Bet more people have been bitten by a dog vs. human. And we aren’t even talking about that. Licking a dogs butt, gross and equal to allowing them to lick you is my stance. You dog lovers are a strange breed.

Edit: fixed some spelling.
 Edit 2: struck a nerve.
Well yeah she's licking his ear! No one likes that.
[deleted]
so funny
I bet she is Chinese in some way
The most fascinating part of this comment thread is no one has yet to comment that the dog is a female/ a girl?
