My dog does this.  Purely to make other dogs jealous and to get humans attentions.
You see dis? You will never have dis.

edit: 7k upvotes AND silver? Thank you guys, this made my day.
Don't drop it!
The other dog

> OooooooOooOooooohhhhhHh
My neighbor’s dog does this with his toys when I get home. He’ll be sitting in the bay window and when I pull up in my car, he gets super excited, disappears for a second, and returns with a toy in his mouth.
This picture gives me anxiety. I’m afraid the pupper will accidentally drop the teddy and lose it and be sad
That’s no teddy, that’s Clifford the Big Red Dog!
White dog, "dis is a fine stuffed animal ya have there."
Play?
[removed]
"Im in a car!!!!!"
Can we petition to make r/DogsWithToys a thing?
My dog does this.  He knows that only good boys are allowed to have toys, so if he shows off that he has a toy then everyone will know that he's a good boy and they can be friends.
am i the only one extremely stressed he's going to drop it?
My boi needs a sock in his mouth when he greets anyone at the door.   Got a basket by the door with tons of socks just for him
May i introduce you to my lovely snugglesack full of slime?
"Look what I got bitch."
"let's trade fluff toys!"
Now, show me yours'
Ohhh god I'd be so nervous he'd drop it and I'd have to stop the car at a green light, put that bitch in park, get out, get the stuffed animal, give it back to the dog and drive all while hoping it stays green and the other cars aren't pissed at me.
Weird flex, but ok
It'd be super sad if he dropped it and then they drove off.
canine flexing
BEHOLD..... My stuff!
Those are some good doggos
My pit does this. Soon as someone walks in he goes and grabs his bone or ball.
I have a tiny pom-chi that looks like a mini jack russell and a corgi.

The other day this tiny 4-5 year old girl was walking with two older ladies one grandma.  She had an upside down umbrella with her tiny pink stuffed animals head popping out.   

The pom-chi Lucy was stalking her relentlessly so interested in if it was real or not and then they found out that the little girls name was actually Lucy too.
I have a pit/boxer mix. He's always showing me his toys
" Nah nah nah nah nah . . . I have a teddy and you don't!  My people love me and your's don't!"
*BRO! Look at my new tedted!!*
that’s fucking wholesome and I love it
...and added, "nah nah nah nah"
And they called it puppy love.
Awww god dammit
My dog would drop her toy to bark at the other dog, then expect me to stop traffic in order to retrieve it for her
This is sooo dangerous. A lot of dogs die every year from jumping out moving vehicles into traffic. If you want to keep your dog in the car, and let them stick their head out the window. Keep the window rolled most of the way up. OR attach a very short leash to the headrest of the seat. The dog on the right has most of it head out the car already.
My dog sometimes just brings us his teddy and looks at us proudly, we can't have it, only look.
Teddy is the size of the other dog. Might have been a doggy power play
Please be careful when riding with your dogs in full open windows. I was on the interstate once, probably going about 80mph and a dog in the car in front of me jumped out the window. It was going so fast the second it hit the ground its limbs flew off. Still haunts me to this day and every time I see a dog hanging out the window I freak out.
Finally a flex I understand.
This my toy and I hope u have one too :-)
I can imagin him throwing the toy and the other dog catching it
r/animalsbeingbros
Adorable!!
New meme format
'Show me what you got!' - doggo version
"aye john. John! Roll down the window! I gotta flex on a bitch real quick."
Hey other dog! Fuck you!
My dog does this when my baby niece comes over. He runs upstairs to show her his new toy. It’s so adorable.
Upvote for pitbulls in old tacomas, its the perfect dog for truck.
I don't even know why I am subbed to /r/aww, but damn.
[deleted]
That is adorable
Trade?
I think he can't sleep whithout his teddy
Goddamn it you can even see the other dog saying ”that’s cool as shit!”
Wanna trade?
Very nice!
If they dropped it though :(
This would happen with me as I took out my dog, however, one time the poor puppy dropped his bone and was struggling to get it. Luckily this was on a first story enclosed patio and I assume the owners noticed and picked it up. The funny thing though, the dog would only do this with my dog, and bark at other dogs. 

(I wanted to pick it up, but it would have been suspicious to the apartment owner.)
The other dog needs a teddy
See what I’d do to you if I weren’t in this car?
dood...  my staffie is 5 and 100% of the times i have walked through our front door, he has showed me his bone.  for 5 years.  same dummy grin, same dummy moves, just gotta flex.
Actually, that was a threat. "See what I would do to you if you get close enough?"
[removed]
[removed]
teddy bear = social status
MY PRECIOUS
How can anyone hate these adorable fellas
[removed]
That's a Fuck You move if I've ever seen one.
😄😄 he is making the other dog jelous 😀
truely dogs are awesome 

and this picture too ❤
ADORABLE!!!
And humanity doesnt think pitbulls are a great dog
[‘Hey other dog! Fuck you!!’](https://youtu.be/1eolv_aEk2w)
Pitties are the best
The anitpits scumbags are here. I wonder which pos sub posted about this picture.
Hes trying to share his toy, such gentle giants.
Pit bulls aren’t evil like everyone makes them out to be
I love pitbulls, they are amazing animals
Pitbull:admire teddy   
Other Dog:i admire  
Pitbull:i will treasure this moment dog friend 

Other dog:Same
Flexing the toy
Where's your toy huh slacking
**MINE**
“HA HA. LOOK WHAT I HAVE! YOU DONT HAVE THIS!”
He’s bragging to him
See this, you can’t even afford this.
Dog 1: Look what I got bro

Dog 2: No way!
La la la you cannot get dis
Pitbulls be flexin
Who said pitbulls were dangerous? They are literally the purest puppers on planet earth
Don't make fun of him, hes proud!
God I love dogs
Total power move.
Did they exchange numbers?
That's a real power move there.
That’s so sweet!
I can't even handle how adorable that is
Pitbulls are so cute, I need one
[removed]
[removed]
Considering pits are agressive towards smaller animals i think its trying to say "this would be you if you were closer".
That is incredibly hilarious!!!!!

Yo look what I got yo!
What’s your toy  car dog.
😁
Umm Licence Plate
I’m dead.
i love this!!
So adorable
BYOB - bring your own bear
That's Clifford...
I mean, I'm impressed.
The public life of pets
The other dog is looking like :0
My dog spits his toys at you for him to throw. if he doesnt hes just showing off. He even walks around all proud and smug.
I instantly started hearing Eddie Murphy's ice cream skit from delirious playing in my head.

https://youtu.be/ypmJ39s5X0M
Innit!
Can I ask if anybody knows where this is? It looks like a nice part of the world....
u/userleansbot
You know that scene in the end of Lilo and Stitch when Nani is pushing Stitch in the cart at the grocery market?
"Used to belong to a kid I bit"
❤️❤️❤️ hilarious. 

My dog does this too, most evenings he will grab a toy and walk by all sassy- like and eye me, as if to say “ don’t you want this?” Wagging his tail like he’s going to give it to me if want. Reach for it and you can see his eyes shine - he will jerk his head away at the last moment and jump aside, then he will shake his head as if to say “Nanananana you can’t have it!”  JERK! 

I actually have an even cuter story from when he was a 3 month old puppy.  He met one of our neighbors’ dog, while they were walking. When I gave him a bone a couple days later, he brought it out with him to the front yard and sat at the edge looking toward the house the other dog lives in.  He waited, no dog. We came in finally. But the next time he saw the dog walking down the street toward us, he frantically ran in, and I thought “is he scared?? But by the time he came out with the bone, the other dog had passed.  My first impression was “WOW what a sweet and generous dog. He wants to share his bone with his friend!!”  NOPE.
"Look at dis. I pretend it's a baby."
I love pit bulls!
What tremendous souls
cute
And it was love at first sight.

&#x200B;

I wonder if they ever get the chance to re-connect.
I (a good boy) wish to share my you with you (another good boy)
That's the ultimate flex for dogs
[removed]
This made my whole day.
"Tell the others what you've seen."
Outstanding display of a power move.
I'm like a dog whisperer. The pitbull wants to have tug of war with the other dog using the toy as the rope.
Fucking power move.
dude just took flexing to a whole new level right there
Hey bitch,  look what I have!

(will be an insult or pick up line depending on tone of voice)
Pardon me...are you are good boy as well? NOPE!
Where was this taken? I think the poodle might be my dog...
And it's, "Clifford, the Big Red Dog"!!!
San Francisco near Golden Gate Park?
Weird flex but okay.
[deleted]
This is one of the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen.
He was actually bragging about it and rubbing it in the other dog's face.
Okay this is cute
[removed]
Better love story than twilight
Hey!  You wanna play?  Jump on over!
#Hello Fwend!
Nice Flex
Damned vicious killer. I'm being entirely sarcastic here.
😭♥️
"keep moving.bitch or I'll do the same to you!"
That's such a pitty thing to do.
And to think Pitbulls are banned in Denver... smh
In before the inevitable lock. But this is cute

Lol y'all downvote me but I was right
Viscous pitbull taunts passing dog. Lol
"Weird flex, but *woof*" - The poodle, probably.
“If you want to see mr fluffy again you better have my money by Wednesday”
Hard flex
Yo shawty I got me my own poodle right here, I don’t need you!
That’s so cute!
It was love at 1st sight
[removed]
See I got toys and candy in my van come over.
weird flex but ok
Weird flex but ok
Weird flex but ok
Weird flex but ok
"toyless bitch"
Flex 💪
Like two babies awwww \^\_\^
Where’d you steal this one from?
Weird flex but ok
weird flex
Weird flex, but ok
He didn't have to flex so hard on him
Weird flex but ok
Flexing on that bitch
Weird flex, but ok.
Devastating flex.
Flexed!
[removed]
"HEY! HEY! OTHER DOG! YOU SEE THIS?! THIS IS MINE! BACK OFF! HEY! OTHER DOG! HEY! HEY! HEY! FUCK YOU!! c'mon gooo Jim, damn, I just cursed at that other dog and I don't think I can take him, drive dammit drive!!"
He's probably just showing the other dog what he's gonna do to him if he ever gets out.
lmao that dog flexing
Weird Flex
White dog: "Weird flex but ok."
I like turtles
Two super power races.
(Remember diferrent one)
Cool flex
Such a power move.
Cute flex but ok
Weird flex but ok.
[deleted]
Dogs was of saying, "My parents are rich."
Alpha as fuck.
Thug life
YUH YUH YUH
Teh pitbull flexing on the other dog
That dog is flexing on the other dog
Flexing on em haha lil show off
Pretty flex.
Yea "to show", no way he held his teddy and looked at another dog while holding it without complex thought behind that
Weird flex but ok
Weird flex but ok
Great flex
He was baiting him lol
There are still people who pay money to give gold to this guy?
Classic pitbull move
It's all fun and games until the pitbull jumps out of the window and latches onto the other dog's throat.
i wonder what you're compensating for this time with this post?
Animal expert here. Sorry to be "that guy", but that's not what is happening here. This is actually a very common dog behavior that they display when thirsty. Its been observed and written about dating back to early colonization of America.
It’s ok, I’m gay friendly. See?
Pibble flex
How do we know the sentiment wasn't, "See this? This is you..."
That's y pitbulls are savage!
