[deleted]
Seems like a therapy dog showing off her/his skills.
Didn't even plug your phone in. That's a big oof.
*Dog casually unplugs life support* 

Night night human
I assume this was taught to him, otherwise you should send him to college so he can cure cancer in the near future

&#x200B;

Edit: Why thank you for the Silfur

Edit 2: Went to bed with one silver, woke up with 3 and 2 gold, thanks kind strangers.\^\^
I put the hard rectangle over here then pull the soft rectangle over my hooman.
My cat would never do this
Am I the only one wondering why the mattress doesn't have a sheet?
*You passed out drunk in bed*

*Your dog*: “I’m just going to go ahead and graaaab your phone before you drunk text your ex again”
I see this posted on other pages all claiming to own the dog
Aww... that's a good boi ❤
I know he was taught this, but man dogs are too pure for us humans.
This is the purest thing I've seen today
Why would you have a camera filming in your bedroom?
Oh my god I love this dog ❤️
Wish my husband was trained that well
I've always loved the way goldens "smile". This amazing dog seems to smile after each little task he's doing.
Melts my heart
A++ best doggo of the day
This made me tear up a little.
These home automation systems are really getting complicated.. TOBY!.. Goodnight? Good boy.
I need a friend like this
Should teach him how to put on fitted sheets next
We honestly don't deserve dogs omg.
Wtf? We don't deserve dogs 😢
What a good boi.  My Golden would be there next to me taking up as much of the bed as he could!
This is too precious and made my heart melt
At first I thought this was seriously the sweetest fuckin thing ever that ever happened spontaneously and by itself. 

Eventually I realized it was just the sweetest fuckin thing
Dog: "get off that damn phone and go to bed!"
I LOVE HIM
Lucky owner to have such a caring dog
So they trained him to do that so people on the internet would think this is a dog with the awareness of an adult human being. Wonder why it’s muted?
If the dog was really that good it would’ve put the phone on the charger
Well that's the goodest boy I've ever seen
That is the goodest boy i have seen in a while
I want a golden retriever they seem so nice
Ok court is meeting for recommendation for the monthly best boy award.  All in favor of the above entry say ai
Imagine not having a dog and then seeing this on your security camera feed...
This has to be the most adorable, sweetest video on the internet.  God bless him. 😊
We don’t deserve dogs.
Incredible what they can do with CGI these days.
I don't know why but this made me cry
This reminds me of Nana the dog in Peter Pan.
AAAAAW BEST BOY!!
I for sure thought he was going to plug your phone in and I was about to freak out.
I know he was taught this but I choose not to think that and imagine this is just his instinct and it's veeeeery adorable
Hey I just wanted to leave this comment to let you know that I would die for your dog any day
The goodest boi
I'd be a little concerned if pup then plugged in your phone and then turned off the camera.
Put some bottom sheets on your bed.
He lick

He tucks

Bust most of all

He's a good boi
You should get sheets for your mattress.
We really don’t deserve dogs.
The delicacy he uses to take his owner mobile is stunning.
This is a direct repost, common: [original](https://reddit.app.link/IYu2cwYVoZ)
I just cried a little in my after-work beer.
wE DOnt dESerVE dOGs
/r/Whyweretheyfilming
Thats really sweet
So much care in his eyes.
He's so proud after finishing each task! He knows he's the best.
Oh my god, he's so precious!
Couldn't have plugged the phone in, huh?
good boy
VERY GOOD BOY
What a good boy!
I was about to write a joke about him turning off the lights too. And then he did.
Nana from peter pan in the dog
The nicest goodest greatest boy
Mobility service dog I’m guessing?
Wow and does it with such happiness
Please give him many pets, many treats and much love :)
They cut out the part where he smothers her with the pillow
Where the fuck are your bedsheets?
Are dogs just bribed to be cool buddies?
u/VredditDownloader
/r/gifsthatkeepongiving
I LOVE HIM
I just can’t
Good boy
I think I’ve discovered husband material! Should introduce him to my daughter.
r/scriptedasiangifs
I wish my cat do this xD
So u normally film yourself while u sleep?  With the lights on?
/r/dogswithjobs
I wish my cat would do that instead he just uses me as a pillow ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
You that boi leavin those texts on Read
what did we do to deserve dogs
r/ScriptedDogGifs
I love this dog so much
So, do you usually have a camera in your room while you’re asleep?
A little Off topic, but my golden learned how to open doors with handles after watching us go in and out of the room.. He stands on his 2 legs and pushes the handle down with his paws..
😭😭
I thought he was going to plug in the phone
That’s a good boi
We don't deserve them.
u/vredditshare
More the question, why aren’t there sheets on the mattress?
That's the coolest damned dog I've ever seen!
You give him the most treats and the best loves!
What did we ever do to deserve such wonderful and wholesomely pure creatures?
I need to get me a man like that. 😄
I brought my dog a chew toy and now he’s ignoring me
Even if it's fake it melts my heart
We don’t deserve dogs sometimes
He's trying to be so quiet!
We don't deserve dogs
He just wants the hand available for more pets
My dog would have just pulled the covers off and taken them for himself... You already have 3 blankets, how many more do you need!
Wow, what a great doggo
Why aren't there sheets on that bed?
In reverse he turns on the lights removed the sheet and makes you order him a pizza.
Holy cow that is amazing.
The ultimate good boy
Now that’s something special.
The fucking goodest boy
What a good boy
The goodest boy of them all.
Yet another classic example of why we don't deserve dogs
It's probably staged, but hey, amazing training!
The goodest of good bois
This might be the best thing I have seen in my life......!!!! The love is so pure. Awwww......
And this is why i love floofs
He is BEST boi. You’re very lucky to have him in your life.
#IT'S THE GOODEST BOI
Nice editing. Two little mistakes. 0.03 phone moves, 0.25 dog searches for light switch.
My beagle would NEVER do this Hahahaha she’s more of a, steal-your-blanket-and-spill-water-on-your-phone, kind of gal
I’m pretty baked, in the middle of the night, sitting outside, smoking a cigarette.

I spent the entire gif shouting OH, LOVE YOU SO MUCH. At the dog.
What kind of monster sleeps on a mattress with no bed sheet?
This makes me want a dog
/u/vredditshare
That is incredibly sweet!
Jesus Christ I just cried out of nowhere. What the hell just happen??...  That was beautiful.
Thanks to this video my wife will allow us to have a dog! Winning!
Sits down to bed waitinf for owner who is fske sleeping with lights on ti give trest since trick was completed.

Asians even getting the dogs into the scripted gifs now lolo
My brothers dog drinks so much water so fast until it pukes....every time.
Reminds me of all the “when you fall asleep on the couch and wake up in your bed but you live alone” memes
Even though I’m a diehard cat person, I know deep down in my heart that cats can never do such sweet things for their humans.
This dog deserves to sleep on your bed!!🐶❣️
Dog didn’t put the phone on charge though :-(

Jk. That is a good boye, wow.
That arm is confusing perspective lol. Took me so long to realize it was two
i dont need a gf anymore
Awwwww
super sweet!!!
Men: “It isn’t possible to teach a dog ultimate caring skills”
Doggo: hold my bone
That’s beautiful
see you in hot
My dog would just lay on top of me
The Peter Pan remake looks great!
A migraine dog.
I think that must be wonder dog!
Heckin Linda
Gotta hide the phone from mom
Who needs a man? I just need your dog!
That's adorable!
I have no words.  This is adorable.
Great now I'm crying
What if he just wanted to cover up the smartphone?
What a beautiful sweet heart.
His expressions are the cherry on the most amazing cake.
The smartest, good-est boy.
Whaaattt
I never knew i could make the “aww” sound outloud. Now i do.
No sheets underneath. Oof
The bestest of boi.
WHAT A GOOD BOY
hooman you need rest and love , not that fucking phone
Even better if he could have plugged in the phone to charge
Dogs are too pure for this earth
I have a suspicion this was reversed...
I didn't need to feel this right now goddammit
Rectangle and the box.
We really don't deserve dogs
They're so innocent and precious
that looks like a hospital bed
That’s an incredibly smart dog
Can we get this gif in reverse please?
oml he’s so smart 😻
You have the best dog in the world
Thought he was gonna go plug the phone in
Another reason we don't deserve dogs
I’d give you gold but I’m too poor hears an updoot
Goldens are the best dogs.
Pretty sure that’s not a real dog.
At the end - now where’s my treat?
I wish I had gold
Thats a good boiiiiii
What a good boi
dogs are just too wholesome.
Love it
Now this is the cutest thing
R/scripteddoggiegifs
Even if he was trained to do this he’s still an 11/10 good boi
That's just adorable
I would do anything to get such a dog!
my dog would have chewed on the phone and then eat the blanket
My dog would eat my phone then the covers and then me
-1 dog karma for not plugging the phone in
Kept expecting him to plug in a charging cable for some reason.
This is the definition of this subreddit
Put some sheets on your bed
Lmao my dog would've gently taken my phone out of my hand so he could then tear off with it, & chew it.
Is this real?
We don't deserve the goodest of boys.
Sweet nanny boi
We don’t deserve dogs.
Aww
Seeing stuff like this blows my mind. To know that some selfless animals understand so much
good boi
Awwewwuxhskxhsnxjhdnek
This is really adorable, but could you have removed the waterproof mattress sheet before filming?
That's called, a trick. He didn't just naturally do that lol.
How to Wake up to dog slobber on your phone, sheet, and light switch.
Who sleeps with the lights on?
My Dog: Most I can do is shit on the floor, bro.
And then he proceeds to lick his own arse...
How tf do you even train a dog to do this?
I love your dog! Adorable and smart.
I get it
Truly man's best friend
Scripted 👏 Asian 👏 Gifs 👏
Wish my dogs were like that, instead they just bark at the oxygen that surrounds them.
Golden’s are the best. Love them so much.
This dog is Nana from Peter Pan!
I assume this is a service dog, but im still impressed, damn
What A Good Boy ☺️
Meanwhile my dog just sticks his butt in my face
Teach him how to go to the store and steal a fitted sheet for ur mattress
That's incredible.
Is he trained on that so he is an service dog
Sadly, he was actually taking care of your phone
It's so cute omg
Should have plugged the phone in
Aweee
How though??
Someone teach my wife this please
Good boi
13 out of 10 good boye!
Aww aww aww aww aww aww aww I’m dying aww
Yea thats cool and all, but my dog can empty all the garbages to the floor in less than 5 mins!
Be thankful we have dog to watch over us
Kinda a weird staged video. Like good trick but this isn’t organic
Thought he was going to plug in the phone
That I'd so nice
Classic sleeping with lights on
Why was the dog taught to do this? What is it a service animal for?
That was awesome
Awww
R/scriptedasiangifs
Good boy
Reminds me of my cat when he throws stuffed animals on my bed while I’m sleeping 

I guess he thinks I like them
This is pretty damn wholesome.
What a smart baby! I love how he loves you too..By the way, love his name Indiana.  That really warmed my heart.,
I love animals more than people❤🐾🐾
My dog would just jump on the bed and start licking my face
Your dog is amazing
Dawww!
so cute and sweet qwq.. he loves u
I want your dog 😍 what a sweet heart! I had my boyfriends puppy do this to me. I was in bed not feeling well and she spent a good two minutes pushing the blanket up around me and tucking me in
Dogs are the best thing to ever happen to people.  We are so lucky to have them.
Oh Jeezus, if that does not steal the hearts!!
Ohhh hell naw I ain't no bitch with tears, the water company just wont shut these things off.
Anyone think he was gonna plug their phone in?
Is she sleeping directly on a mattress tho?
"Jesus, get your life together, Kyle. What the fuck would you do without me?"
What's that weird blue-greenish light that's coming on at the end? That's kinda weird.
The bestest boye
We really don't deserve dogs.
Does he make coffee and scrambled eggs too???
The goodness of this dog is beyond science
I fucking loveeeeee my doggy, his names rascal, and he's just that
u/gifreversingbot
I was hoping to see this good boy jump on the bed at the end, well deserved
Dogs are the best :)
My heart just broke
We don't deserve dogs.
Good boy
This is too precious.
HE DESERVES A MEDAL.
Just passing through because this is my first time ever commenting on my cake day :’)
Oh my gosh. How sweet.
I find this very nice!
But why is there no sheet on the bed?
Omg look how content he is after pulling the blanket over them
That is so precious
The goodest boy.
I can’t get my dog to understand one toy name.
My dog would jump up on the bed and sit directly on my face and act like nothing was out of the ordinary. 
I can practically picture his dumb blank face looking around the room.
Oof boody dood bro this shit to much this is way to cute to be allowed.
Cute
WDWDTDD
So precious
My man ovaries just exploded
The goodest boi
Best boi ever.
That good boy deserves all of the treats!! Give him one fron me as well!
What a sweetheart
Holy shit thats a good boy
ohfuk.. sweetness overload
Nope, too cute.  Can't handle it
I do this for my roommates when they pass out on the couch. Shit am i a dog? I'm okay with this.
A sweet boy ♥️
The diametric opposite of the alt-right.
I am exactly this useful for my lady.
Can I have him?
I miss my dog...
the bestest of the goodest boys!
Yooo, where tf is ya bed sheet?
Son of a bitch this is the sweetest thing I’ve ever seen.
Intelligent breed.
We don't deserve dogs.
Good dog!
Very good boy
Dogs are so fucking nice.
He didn’t even plug the charger in
     .             ,      bn7 n
Real friend
This is too much...who placed these chopped onions here?
We aren't good enough.  We just aren't good enough to deserve this....
Truly mans best friend 🌹
Well im totally in love with this pooch!
Wow 😯
Is this dog single?
My dog would make my phone his new chewing toy and that blanket his new bed.
u/vredditdownloader
This might be the sweetest thing I’ve ever seen.
What ever his little job is this is too sweet and makes me want to cry!
Sweet pup some are just this smart 😍🤩😊 lucky momma
Good doggo 👌🏻
It's Nana from Peter Pan!
Dogs are the best friend you can have , I know that my dog is my best friend ☺️
Awesome dog
My retriever died earlier this year. She was 15 and the best person I ever met.
Awh so sweet ❤️
My dogs steal the blankets... and the bed
Golden Retrievers are such dogs
That dog is wonderful and brilliant.
Good grill
No John, go to sleep and stop texting your ex, you're drunk.
Couldn’t put the phone to charge tho huh
This really made my day. Thank you OP
We dint deserve dogs
u/vredditdownloader
I was hoping in all of my heart they would plug in the phone too but I knew better.
Best 🐕 EVER
Good Doggo
Goodest boy of all
Definitely set up but still impressive.
I'm not crying, you're crying
I was expecting to see him swiping left or right on her Tinder.
But who was recording someone sleeping....
Looks like a service dog, but still I believe it deserves a good treat and some belly rubs
?How about putting some sheets on that bed
Next he’s gonna put the phone on the charge
Ah, the things a dog does for treats.
The goodest of good boys
My friend got a therapy dog at 8 months that failed to move on because he was too friendly. He does cute things like this.
When dog is more carring than some relationship partners smh
Dogs a paid actor
As soon as I feel someone taking my phone out of my hands I would wake up ready to fight.
Someone give this dog a bonnet and call it Nana
That's a good doggy right there. I'd love a dog, I just wouldn't want it to die.
Now if he could somehow plug in your phone...
Ok. That's too damn sweet.
Aw we don’t deserve dogs man
My dog burps in my face after she's done eating and will slap my face with her paws if I'm in the way of her favorite sleeping spots
Superb dogo
Cute
Damn I expected this to get increasingly more impressive, not sure what would come next
This clip is an entire movie - and I’m crying throughout
Anyone else low key expecting the puppet to put the phone on its charger?
😭😭😭😭❤❤❤❤😭😭😭😭
When alcoholics get a therapy dog
What a nice dog & video. Thank you for sharing this.  :)
And all my dog ever did while I was asleep was puke on the end of my blanket...
We don't deserve dogs...
What a goddamn god boy
Thanks Alot now I want a dog like this
I wonder if he was taught this.
Da bestest boy
Good boy.
What a good dog very loyal to you.
Awww
Goodnight you sweet son of a bitch
dogs are the best
Cute
Aww so adorable 😍
I was about to move on and then oh no, is he going to flip the switch? Very good boy!
BEST. DOG. EVER
Omfg I need a therapy dog
Love it
Where are your bed sheets? 🤮
I cannot. Not even. This is soooo cute
Okay, is he going to plug your phone in, tho?
Did he go make dinner and kick back with a beer?
A very very good dog
Friggin adorable
Fucking hell, this made me cry
His little smiles!
HES AN ANGEL
What a great dog. It looks like a rehab center.
God damn, dogs are simply this worlds biggest gift
Holy shit that dog is so smart
We don't deserve dog 1000
r/MadeMeSmile

r/MadeMeCry
Definition of goooboy
Totally staged but adorable nonetheless
Omg he's like my mom!
Good boi
Bae caught you slippin
wow
too good for this world
how cool would it be if u could teach ur dog to plug ur phone into the charger I fall asleep all the time and forget to put my phone on charge than wakeup to a dead phone
Oh. My. God.
Kawaiiiii
Amazing people don't give animals enough credit,that dog is awesome.an angel!
i want a dog more now
Such a well-trained pup. ❤
Wall scratched
Phone scratched

Good boy
That is the epitome of a good boy!
Such a good pupper! Is that a service dog?
Golden retrievers are the sweetest things. If I ever get a dog, I'm getting one. Every time I see one I just light up and they always look so happy and sweet
Does this take place in Pawnee?

idea two... BarksandRec
Meanwhile a cat would've just pushed the phone off the bed.
Wow I am not a dog fan but this is incredible
The goodest of bois.
The goodest of boys!
That is the most wholesome thing i have ever seen
He so smart
This clearly shows that dogs don't exist and they never will
This made my heart warm
Boyfriends and girlfriends will come and go, but THIS is for life ❤
Just take my upvote and go
for a second I thought the dog was going to go the extra mile and charge the phone
Good boy ya got there.
Hes taking care of the phone not you
GOOD BOY NOISES INTENSIFIES!!!
Why is everyone getting downvotes?
That is the best boi ever!
The Phone part was amazing but the rest was just to flex on us.
What a star! 🌟
Aww I wish my dog would do that as well
r/gifsthatkeepongiving/
Nana from Peter Pan has aged well
We can see you mouthing commands even with your head covered, you know...
i can't get over this
Ya, too drunk to text and passed out, dog knows to take the phone away... good boy...
its like paying the rent
My golden just layin on me. Couldnt be happier
😭😭😭
Fcking adorable and wholesome.
r/WhyWereTheyFilming
10,000,000,000 good boy points to Ravenclaw!
A soft boi
Why is there a cut in the video just as the dog is flipping the light switch?
Just the hands though, because they're important for treats and pets
My dog would just cry to get into bed. He’s more of a taker than a giver.
WHAT.

Moommmmmm...!!!!
Why do you sleep in a hospital bed?
Bullshit
lovely ,mine would have wreck the phone and poop in my hand just for the lols
I’m legit about to cry this was so beautiful
Aww. What a good doggo.
The goodest of boys
I'm fairly certain there's someone off camera giving him commands. There's no audio and there's video clipping which makes me think it took him a couple tries. Still cute though I guess.
Wow... someone deserves ALL THE TREATS!
He forgot to plug in the cell phone! You're gonna wake up with a dead battery!
Carefully, he’s a hero
Too bad the dog doesn't know how to put sheets on the bed too.
He can tell that ur sick
I can't 😭😢 Such a good boy.
Repost
This is the therapy dog I need for drunks like myself. Just need to teach him to get a glass of water
Hmm I see
i thought the dog was gonna charge the phone
That dog is the sweetest goodest boy
God damn it, this is so staged, but fuckin adorable
An extra good boy.
Sooooooo adorable!!!!
We don't deserve dogs 100
Someone tell me why this is actually an awful disease in pets
I see
That smile afterwards is so wholesome.
Aww what a gentle little thing he is (T▽T)
My soul is alive again
the dog is a paid actor
Very sweet. Very fake.
Oh this melts my soul. I need a goldie! I must get one!
We don’t deserve dogs.
it would've been impressive if he put that phone in the charger but I guess he's just a regular old dog
They are the best breeds period... Loyal to a fault...
I would give you gold if I spent money on here. But I don't spend money on reddit, so imagine I did.
Phone bad dog good
u/vredditshare
Please tell me why humans deserve these animals. People can do horrendous things yet these animals (plug for cats here) will comfort us. Help us. Save us. Only for food or love. I've had friends help me out and expect money, we truly do not deserve these animals.
This gif keeps getting better and better
[I might get downvoted for this but this was posted an hour earlier on ](https://www.reddit.com/r/AnimalsBeingBros/comments/cuiw17/good_to_know_my_boy_takes_care_of_me_after_i_fall/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app) r/animalsbeingbros.
We don't deserve dogs
Oh my god this is adorable
This post has the most awards I’ve seen on any post, and I’m not surprised as to why! Way to go doggo!! 🐶
r/likeus
We dont deserve dogs 100
i steel ur doggie
I have to do this, my gf falls asleep with her phone. So I either need to train a cat or get her a dog to do this instead lol
What a good dog!
The dog should have plugged in the phone smh
u/microwavedcashew this is the cutest fucking thing
r/scripteddoggifs
Reminds me of my boy. Been a month since he passed away

Therapy dogs aren’t trained to perform tasks like this, they just have to be cute and cuddly 😛
cutest thing i’ve seen my entire life
What a good boy!!!
Good doggo
The purest Love.
My dog barks at me 24/7 ..... must be nice
The absolute bestest of bois
This is the most beautiful sign of love. Therapy dog or not
How do you train you dog??? I’ve had my dog for about 2 years and even still he won’t do anything if it’s not for treats.
how incredible the intelligence that dogs can develop ... fantastic and tiwrno
THIS IS TOO ADORABLE I CANT
The goodest of boys!
We don't deserve dogs
I can’t. Ow my heart.
Goldens are the purest thing on this earth.
so gentle...
💚💚💚
Well, that was just lovely.
Good boy. *gives virtual milk bone*
Damn. Make my dogs useless. All they do is lick their ass and shit in my grass.
He’s such a gud boi
All I can here is the CHCHCHCCHHCCHH of his claws going down the wall trying to turn the light off
So how did she know when to film
If I was one to give out gold, I would here. Unfortunately I'm not.
You had to have trained him
B-E-A-utiful
This made me tear up. What the fuck
This good boy deserves an award. An official award.
We don’t deserve dogs.
u/vRedditDownloader
Only if my out bull did this instead of state at me jk I love her she's sweet
😭😭😭😭
/u/vredditshare  
>from vredditshare  
Hi! Unfortunately, I am banned in that subreddit so I couldn't reply to your comment. I was still able to reupload your video though! https://imgur.com/tlzENcj.gifv
I'm crying so much 😭
Unconditional love is awesome
Aww
That is the sweetest thing ever that literally melts my heart 😭😭😍😍
This is easily one of the cutest things I've ever seen!
This is a repost! Stolen from r/animalsbeingbros
The goodest of bois
Hose that poor panting pupper down.
Oh my ~~God~~ Dog that's .... I WANT THAT DOG!
I'm not crying, you're crying.
Noooo :(( this world doesnt deserve this :((((
I need a man that'll treat me as well as this pupper does.
/u/vredditshare
And I can't even get my dog to stop rolling in fox poop.
Okay heart solid no more
Reminds me of the dog from the cartoon Disney version of Peter Pan.
Its time to get a doggo
I sincerely believe this will eventually be the most upvoted post on reddit. No one can not upvote such godly love!
Let him onto the bed you monster!!
How much work is it to train a dog to behave like this?
My quadriplegic husbands dogs do that too. Well trained girls who make both our lives better.
r/concernedanimals
Amazing!
Good boi
I cant even get my dog to shake.......
u/vredditdownloader
r/scriptedgoldenretrievergifs
*Taaaake my haaaaand, off to never nev-SQUIRREL!!!l”*
That is so sweet!
r/rarepuper
daddy?
Nooooo I meant to put r/rarepuppers but I couldn't find my comment to edit it
u/vredditshare
In the three min I was scrolling through comments I swear this post got 10k upvotes
AAAAAAAAAA😭😭❤️❤️❤️
Omgosh. Greatest thing ever.
Why do Goldens look so sad so often? I've known a bunch, and they are generally some of the happiest most friendly dogs, but they get this look when they're doing brain work, as if they're doing a *really* had math problem, like all the effort is almost painful.   
It's probably just a ploy to get more treats, because I definitely just want to give them a treat and a belly rub to get that happy golden smile back.
Mind blown.
I hope one day when I adopt my own dog, I will be a good dog mom that my dog will want to do this to me...

But most probably, he's already going to be in bed with me.
We don't deserve dogs.
This is the sweetest thing
I want a dog, you know, for therapy
u/vredditdownloader
The camera doesn’t go to the vet.....
u/1phatdaddy39
This might be the first time I’ve said “Awww” out loud from this sub. What a good boy! ❤️
I need it
He even respects your favorite toy.
❤️
WE DONT DESERVE DOGS
wow
'Aww that's so cute... what the-'
Finally the days and months of training this dog for this very specific situation finally paid off
NO THAT'S JUST A PAID ACTOR MY DOG NEVER DOES THAT
Now if only he could plug it in lmao
repost gets rewards... original has none.
r/animalsbeingbros
Nice
Ain’t no cat doing this!
That's epic
The best fucking doggo.
Good boy.
Aww so precious
What a good boy ;w;
That is so cute and funny 😄
Why was she being recorded in her sleep?
If that were my dog, my phone would be in the toilet...
10/10 Best Boy
so sweet
Awww so cute.
Haha so smart
Smart doggo
Goldens are so God damn loving its insane
You have an amazing dog
O.M.G.
