There are a lot of these posts...why don't the dogs eat the butterflys?
What a great boy! He is just a gentledog without a collar.
:  🦋 )
A pretty boop on a cute snoot.
Butterfly Kisses!
Must..... Not..... Lick..... Nose...
Love that little lick at the end!
Dogs are so cute
Aww, a Maligator resisting a moment to bite
Well that's adorable
See the dog and butterfly, up in the air he likes to fly.
Lmao the way he's blinking

Edit: spelling
You're  supposed to live in a democracy! Why is your dog supporting a monarch?
What a good boye!
Fren, your doin my snoot a heckin good tickle...I try to not sneeze.
And Belgians are supposed to be so tough. If this happened to mine she would literally lose control of her bowels.
Poison bird on nose. Won’t leave. Please help.
A true fairytale prince. ❤️
I guess he's like the Littlest Hobo... Every stop he makes, he makes a new friend.
Still trying to think how my dog would react to this
Love the little blep at the end.
Just like Bambi!
Gifs that end too soon lol he def ate that one sec after this vid ended!
Is no one really going to ask how there are so many videos of dogs with butterflies just chillin on their noses??  🤔🤔
Lotta 'dog.exe is malfunctioning' seems to happen when bugs land on their nose and stay there. I wonder, is it because they don't know how to react, or is it because the tiny legs on their sensitive snoot is a weird sensation?
Your pupper is a Disney princess <3
Where’s the Disneyificstion guy when you need him?
Dogs getting... butterfly kisses after bed night prayers...
We are blessed to witness this.
Belgian Malinois💕 best dogs in the world💕
What Disney movie is this?
He lookin at that thing like Donkey lookin at his horse-gf from Shrek.
Why does this dog look strangely similar to snoop dog
Norwegian elkhound?
pure
Dogs are just pure love
Is that a Belgian Malinois?
Butterfly- *flaps wings and boops the snout*

Dog- “Winged thing says, “you are my fren”. 

Dog- “Hooman can’t tell but winged fren is very pretty”

Butterfly- *boops snout*

Dog- “aw shucks, thanks fren. I like to keep my fur short in the summer”.

This is the conversation I hope they’re having, lol
Bentley..NOOOOO!
Dawww
That's so sweet of him to just let butters do its thing. It would be so easy to just paw it away, but not this guy. He's a class act.
This is beautiful
So gentle
Yes
r/animalsbeingbros
[Can't believe no one has linked this yet.](https://v.redd.it/f4k64bge4zb11)
and then he ate it.
Makes me want to sneeze
A Norwegian Elkhound! We had 3 growing up and they all had the absolute sweetest personalities, so this makes sense ❤ my girl loved butterflies too
I came to reddit today to be delighted, and this was the top post <3
He's a Disney Princess now
Is he taking any more friend applications?
So cute look at his eyes flutter!
I wish my dog was this calm. But alas, he’s not even 2 yet. 

(He’s still The Goodest Boy, tho)
If that was my friends dog that would of been a snack a long time ago
Hey, I'm in a group with the dog owner for this specific breed of dog. I own a Norwegian Elkhound and that's how I found this. The owner can't believe her dog is on Reddit where someone in the group posted this.

This dog is female, she is as per owner:  She’s 75% Elkhound and 25% malinois! 

Not a Shepard at all.
He looks high
This happened to my dog except she ate it
Oh my god it’s mocha, that’s one of my friend’s doggos!
OH MY GOD THIS IS MY FRIEND’S dDOG HER NAME IS MOCHA
After all of these pics and vids of butterflies on dog noses, I’m starting to think butterflies love dogs as much as we do.
Animals definitely see nature in a different way
Credit goes to @mocha.the.elkie on instagram!
I had the sweetest German Shepard retired police dog growing up.  
My family has an ongoing thing that my father got reincarnated into a butterflies.  
This warms my goddamn heart.
Beautiful dog! What kind is it? german shepherd mix something?
Doggos have the cutest eyebrows and no one can convince me otherwise.
What a sweet boy!
How cute!

I almost imagined doggo sticking out his tongue and taking the butterfly with it lol
This made my day thanks cute pupper
Mine tries to eat bumblebees
He's having g a time trying to focus
He’s a Disney princess.
Thought he was gonna eat it for a sec
My cat is scared shitless by butterflies.
Good boy knows that song by Heart!
Lovely!!!
This makes me smile :D
And sic
I was unaware that dogs could be Disney princesses...
Your dog looks and seems genuinely happy. Send him a good boy pat for me
He’s very blinky.
Disney Pupper!
He’s a Disney princess
better not eat it - those are going extinct :(
Literal butterfly kisses
Good boy Bentley!
Wholesome
Now that’s a bamboozled pupper if I ever saw one
I love him
I could watch this for hours
Dogs get very funny looks when butterflies sit on their noses.
My wife says he's meeting an ancestor. Either way what a good doggo.
If it was my dog he'd instantly try and eat it.
Weird snack.  Will love it for now.
Who the butterfly or the dogg
Lets hope the dogs name isn’t Bentley
A disney prince?
I guarantee that dog ate that butterfly after the video
Don't eat it.. Don't eat it.. Don't eat it.. Mlem..
Looks like he needs to go to bed
This dog is a Disney princess.
Oh my god. Its just like the movies.
Gentle puppo
Gentle puppo
Getting some bentley PTSD right now
I think I’ve watched this 100 times. It makes me so happy.
Winging and Winking!
At least this time this butterfly is actually alive.
Way more majestic than my dog. If a butterfly even tried to land on his nose, it would most definitely land in his mouth.
The dog is about to fall asleep
That is one hell of a good boi.
Not not
Made my day! How adorable.
Aww he's blinking like the butterfly's wing flapping is sending wind directly into his eyes XD What a precious pup!
He’s cute asf
Your dog is special
2 yellow butterfly wings added
He must be high
Butterfly kisses
"you'll keep me safe.. Right?" - butterfly probably
No wonder. Just look at that beautiful dog. Emits peace and love. But then again a nice smile and a butterfly on your face could make anyone looks peaceful.
He's a princess.
R/airplaneears
Thanks to that Pitbull I was waiting for the Shepard to eat the butterfly
I literally made the awwww looking at this picture 😍
He's so happy
Reminds me of this vine throwback 

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=QJfg0IdzE_A
wow great dog
I love how this cuts out right when he/she eats it.
OMG, this dog is a complete snowflake.
MUST NOT EAT NEW FREND
You know he wants to lick his nose, but can't coz his friend is on it.
I envy him
Is this an Elkhound baby? 😍
This is the best thing I've ever seen
😭
Disney already has the rights to this dog butterfly movie.
Pure Disney.     
     
Also, random fact: that there is a male monarch. Not important, just happened to notice.
/u/vredditshare
Am i disney princes now..? Lol
Also looks like he's about to sneeze. Magnificently.
cuteness overload
Awww so beautiful :):)
That dog looks fucking stoned
"touched" by nature.
This is so cute
Like Godzilla and Mothra
For some weird reason my mates dog loves eating toe-nails and comes running down once he hears the clippers
Elkie!
How sweet. 💛
How did you manage to keep her still like that!?
It's cute until you realize the butterfly is probably dying and can't fly away.
I can't stop watching this and I just know I have a goofy grin on my face. Made my day.
And then they fucked
r/maybemaybemaybe
Had to check and make sure this wasn’t /r/natureismetal
He seems nervous to me
Congrats your dog is now a disney princess
r/eyebleach
Gaaaay!
Aww my stupid dog would eat it right up.
r/eyebleach
uwu
The most beautiful thing on the internet
If he was a lady dog he'd be the newest Disney princess.
This is so beautiful 😭❤️
Repost.
Anyone else thought this was in slow motion at first because of the slow butterfly wings flapping?
A special friendship
Also looks like he wants to nibble his best friend. But it's cool. I let my beast friend nibble me.
Omg. Is this new feature with background blur? Its no good(
Video evidence 111,556,900,567,524 of dogs being sweet bebes.
More like he noticed beauty
Lol xd
That's a good doggy loving the day. Doesn't get better than that.
He probably smells the milkweed in the hemolymph of the Monarch.
This has to be the most wholesome video everrrr
My night is now infinitely better. Tysm ❤
This is SO PRECIOUS!!!  What a sweet, gentle soul!!
r/hopeforthedograce
How adorable it is\~
Butterfrond
Wow this gives me joy
Looks almost exactly like my dog! :D Is it an Elkhound/GSD mix?
aww
Good doggo
u/vredditshare
3...
2...
1...
CRONCH
This melts my heart.
How sweet 💙💖
Dogs are so mad awesome. So in love with them.
Do I look perdy?
Ae Jignes the butterfly looks fake
That dog Would get more matches than I would that’s for sure
BENNY NO
That dog is a Disney princess
Soooo gentle 🙏🏼
Seems like a hypnosis master
Favorite song by HEART: Dog and Butterfly
Aww so cute
It should tickle a lot!
its so cute!! they'll be good friends forever
EYETOXINS
Beautiful
Butterpupper cutie! 🥰
Looks like a girl on instagram taking a selfie
Anyone know the kind or breed of this dog?
This is the most pure thing I’ve ever seen in my liiiiife. Oh bless this doggo
Sucky sucky, noise juice is good
This pup is so pretty.
[deleted]
Thought this was going to be r/yesyesyesno
And then he eats it
This is so excellent
What kind of dog is this? n__n
SWEET BOI
Henchman 21, there's a taxi idling in the driveway awaiting his fair... slay him!
He looks so at peace
Boopy snoot
I get all my puppy fixes here. Thanks for sharing, OP.
Having a stressful day, this is exactly what I needed
So beautiful.
#hi
The dog looks so sweet and happy, but that one quick nervous lick tells his true feelings. Still charming, especially because he makes no attempt to harm the butterfly!!
What a brave boy!

My German shepherd would be running in fear...
mlem.
Eat it!!!
I. Love. It.
"I dont know, felt cute, might delete later"
Adorable dog. He actually thinks it's a nice butterfly...
Disney Princess dog
Beware the Mighty Monarch!
Thank you. This sparks joy.
Must not lick myse..
Is that a Belgian Malinois? He looks slightly different than a German Shepard (full black mask, maybe?, but I'm no expert. Either way, beautiful pup!
im dying...if thats not the cutest thing ever omfg....
/u/vredditdownloader
This is so beautiful
BENTLEY!!!
Hey look at my nose jewelry! Mlem.
Nothing but +1
My dog would slap it off his face and then play with it like cats play with their prey :’)
 After seeing a similar post about a dog and a bird, I was worried
He looks high
Must, reach, 69k!
Dude looks majestic as fuck.
Blep
/u/vredditshare
So cute
I needed to see this this morning.
how does one find a friendly butterfly or a common butterfly at all
u/sockgnomes
“Look it’s a butterfly Bentley!”


“BENTLEY”
so cute!
BAILEY NO :3
Te
That baby looks so happy!
His very own personal fan.
Glad, this wasn’t in yesyesyesyesno!
dogs are clever
So cute!!!
My pupper would try to bite that butterfly (so does she with flies/wasps)
May be the butterfly effect, which makes a dog friendly
Monarch non the less
He looks like a Disney Princess.
My dog is scared of flies, he goes into hiding.
Looks like he’s  hungry
One of my dogs can barely sit still when there is nothing around lol
This is soooo sweet😍
Which breed is this?
When you're a good boye and the nature knows it
He looks so happy. So cuute.
Monch
He is so damn cute luv him
That is so funny🤣🤣
Thank you fren but I have to sneeze
I thought the dog was cell-shaded for a moment.
Same thing happened to my dog but he ate the butterfly
This will always remind me of bently
dawhhh he half melp’d bc he knew if he did a full one he’d eat it
Must... not... sneeze...
There was another one where the dog eats the butterfly. I’m glad that that isn’t it.
Elkhound alert!
That dog is so stoned.
So harmonious lol.

And adorable of course.
Ok, thank you. It’s a sheepadoodle!
Looks like the dog is abput to sneeze...
its seems he get fun with butterfly.
Butterfly kisses.
aww, thats adorable
They both look so pretty.The dog is enjoying the company of this pretty little butterfly
💞💕
What a smile.
/u/vredditshare
The moment he put his tong out really was r/maybemaybemaybe material
O my dog
F      h
OMG this is the sweetest.
😍
He looks like he's holding back a sneeze
He looks scared
I think this dog really wanted to sneeze but did not want to disturb the peaceful butterfly.
What a good boi 🥰
What a good boy
Heart wrote a whole song about this.
The butterfly doesn't even fly away when the dog licks its tongue. Amazing!
What a beautiful boy!
Even butterflies love to boop
get it OFF !! get if WOOFF !!
This is tooooo cute!!!!
Is this fake someone I’m showing keeps saying it’s fake.
Capokid... Don't let your dog eat bees, he can get an autoimmune disease and have to be on steroids for the rest of his life, the steroids will shorten his life by 5 years. I speak from experience 💔😢
i luv this. so cute
He looks like he is about to sneeze lol
:-) i love his expression. pretty cute lol
Disney Prince
That is a spirit guide.
Is it wrong that I love him?
Awwwww 🥰 sO cute
Dogs without collars looks wonderful
u/vredditshare
I usually struggle to get off Reddit but this right there, this is the last post I want before bed. Beautiful gentle dog, perfect video. Thank you.
Beautiful patience
Beautiful patience
I wanna boop his nose
This post is so calming
This is my dog, can you please give credit to her insta @mocha.the.elkie
So this isn’t your dog and you’re giving people the right to use it. The owner of this dog is my friend and Mocha is a GIRL. Shes not a male dog.
He/she looks full on Zen.
This is my friend Holly’s dog. Ozzieman reviews just asked to use her video.
My dumbass dog would eat the damn thing before she ever let this happen 😣
My dog would never do this, he'd try to eat the butterfly. Good doggo, my doggo is good too
What type of pupper plz
That's some intense little booping, good boy is pleased!
u/VredditDownloader
source?
/u/vredditshare
How... how did you get your Belgian Mal to be so calm and still for that long? Is he drugged??? I need answers!
Love your little Elkhound!!!!!
is that an elkhound, asking because my breed is also one
is that an elkhound, asking because my breed is also one
Was waiting for the fastest chomp trick.
So freakin' cute, what a sweet pupper.
OH MY GOD THIS IS SO CUTE
Is that an Elkhound? :)
A gentle giant.💕
[deleted]
Elkhound!
I came hoping to find Schnoodle
Eat 'em! 🦋😋
r/rarepuppers
Bless his heart, that gentle giant.
This looks super fake. How is no one saying that yet?
/u/vredditshare
Nice CGI
What an incredibly beta dog
gERmAN sHEpHeRdS aRE aGgrEssiVE
[deleted]
