When they both said ‘OOooOo Weeee’ so cutee
"That thing hurt a little bit huh"
He really sold it. Great job, now go get some ice cream you two!
They both deserve a sticker and a lollipop!
I love that the dad also has stickers on his leg. So wholesome
That’s adorable.
‘A’ grade parenting.
I love this man!  Great father.
And now she can do this with her kids one day since she will live past 4.
This is awesome 👏!!! What a good daddy! ♥️
This had me smiling the whole way through but the stickers on their legs really made it
1. Way to parent.
2. Dad looks like Idris Elba... 🥰
[deleted]
Museum quality parenting, right there!
These are the kind of parents that raise good kids. The kind that isnt afraid to stoop down to their level. Way too many people have kids expecting them to magically be mini adults
What a wonderful dad! This is so sweet and heartwarming.
This is a great idea. Never even thought of this.
What a super dad. 💞
This made my day! Tooo cute ❤️
Best dad
This right here is amazing.  You good sir , are an excellent father.
Awesome dad ! And she'll grow up to be an awesome Woman.
This father is awesome
Good looking strong black man who is great with his daughter. Shit I’d do anything for him too and I’m a straight happily married man.
[deleted]
WHAT A GOOD DAD 💗
It is so nice to see dads doing their best to raise their children (especially daughters).
Cheers to all good fathers . I’m a  “daddy’s girl”, I know how precious and meaningful moments like this are 💜
Goddamn what a cool dad
#NotAllHerosWearCapes
About 20 years ago I needed to get stitches in my right ring finger. A nurse came in and told me about a little girl who needed stitches and asked if I would mind the little girl watching me get my stitches.  
She held my hand while I got my stitches and was very pleased when she got 1 more than me.
Man. I wish I had been pretend vaccinated. Me and my daughter went to get our flu vaccinations together and my Dr asked my 4 year old daughter to push the plunger in while he held the needle in my arm.

Longest 4 seconds of my life.
Absolute unit.
That is some high level dad technique.
Oh my god it worked. When her father did it first she didn't feel pain.
Dad award goes to.... this dad!!!
What a great dad! And cute and brave kid! Barely flinched. I'm an adult and I still flinch.
This is so sweet! Good job dad!!
Those stickers are gonna hurt when they come off his legs
Give this man a Daddy award! Wish we had more men like this in the world!
This is very precious and I love it
Babies & kids aren't scared of things unless you tell them to be. This includes doctor's visits, vaccinations, the dentist, spiders & bees*.

Fear is all in the imagination. Projecting such fears onto a child (or a pet) is not recommended.

*Unless one is seriously, genuinely allergic.
A small gesture that makes all difference
Dad level is over 9000!!!
I love this. Every parent should do this.
Not all super heroes wear capes.   Dad is the best !
That's so cute
Wholesome
Now, that's how you dad.  That little girl is gonna grow up just right with that papa.
Love the comments in here about people arguing over a fucking bandage color lmao.
When I was this age I cried like a little bitch and my father had to restrain me. I teach MMA these days....still have mini-panic attacks around needles.
Jeez, I wish my ma did that when I needed my vaccines...
This made my morning, too cute
I want to like this more than once
As a nursing student, I want to be like this nurse! This probably took just a little more effort than usual but her patient had an awesome experience because of it. You go girl!
Fine father, great girl 

But kudos for the nurse too. I tried this with my son and the nurse was more than a bit annoyed. 

Good job to all in this video
such a sweet Dad.
Omg what a monster. You can see how he only wants autisms for her daughter.

BIG /s
Fantastic! Need more examples of good dads these days.
I LOVE this!!
That was very nice great dad there
What a great dad!!
This just made me really excited to be a dad one day. Great guy
What an awesome father :)
That is so fucking precious! He is an amazing dad and she’ll be grateful for that in the future
That’s a great daddy and a great nurse! (And a brave little girl!)
Such a sweet and beautiful family! And what a rockstar nurse!
This guy dads.
This might sound like an insult but it's not. That dude looks like a discount Idris Elba.
What a GREAT Dad!
Parent of the year
This is the meaning of being badass
Awesome!
Mad cute
Quality parenting right there. 👌🏼
He's seems like the world 's greatest dad.
Great dad!!!! Lots of claps!!! Brilliant :)
such a great role model
Makes me wish I had a dad like that!
Genius!
Big girl!! We're all proud of you young lady!
Not only is it video adorable, I had such a weird nostalgia moment. Those cute lacey socks, I used to be so adorable with my little socks too.
Wholesome af.
Made my day!  Good daddo
The way he looks at her at the end has me dying! So precious! He loves her and is so proud!!! I love when men show emotions like that, that little girl is going to know how to find a man to treat her right!
97% upvoted, I sense 3% anti-vaxx here xD
Alright now this is proper parenting. Proper acting too, lol.
Excellent parenting aside, that dad is a SUPER FOX.
She’s a lucky kid to have such a kind father.
But how is he going to pretend to have the autism

(This was a joke but I will accept the downvotes)
2 pretend vaccinations, including stickers - that'll be an additional fee of $7499 please.
Seriously one of the cutest things I have ever seen ❤
I dunno what's wrong with me but I smiled so much, and it warmed the cockles of my heart to the point I *literally* began tearing up lol

That girl's got a good dad.
Oh god they both just became autistic and blind to the fact the earth is flat and outer space doesn't exist. Don't get vaccinated folks pretend or otherwise.
Aaaaaand crying. Goddamnit.
What a badass dad
Dad level 100. Much respect! Soon-to-be-dad approves this.
You’re an awesome dad.
What a great dad! This is too cute!
That is a wonderful father! What a bloke!
That's my kind of dad
Now that is a good dad
This is wholesome
Some parenting done right.  Give this man a lollipop for being awesome.
I love this
Great dad!
So sweet!
Sharing needles makes this vaccination a bit redundant I think.
Will he adopt me?
What a good dad.  I love it.
What a lovely father and daughter duo.
This is genius. This nurse was so amazing! Dad too.
Made me smile.
I wish their was a Best Dad award that we could hand out!
Am I the only one who’s absolutely loving the fashion choice of those frilly socks with the high tops?
This man is creative! This is adorable
She did better than I do with needles and I’m 35!
This is a very smart way to go about it honestly.
And that’s how you Dad
That kid is smiling during her vaccination.

Oh my goodness this is so cute and that Dad is a hero.
I’m absolutely going to steal this move one day
As someone who was scared of needles up until a few years ago, this is great parenting. He made it seem absolutely painless for her, and instead of yelling at her to get over it, he showed her how truly painless it really is!
Daddy is hot. He's gorgeous.
Yes!! Vaccinate your spawn!!
Aww you can tell the girl is worried but trying so hard to stay happy like everyone else around her
Wish I could upvote this a million times. This is exactly how parenting should be done.
This dude is the greatest dad
Parenting done properly.
Ugh, this makes me _ridiculously_ happy.

What an awesome dad.
Ah I can’t wait to be a dad someday!
That's so adorable and smart! Definitely adding this to my list of dad things to do when I have kids  :)
This tactic is very comforting to kids. I liked watching this and that man is a very good dad
10/10 dad! Awesome!
Wow look his biceps, he could break the needle. He never skips anymuscle-day.
This is absolutely precious :,)
Awesome dad
I love everything about this. I love that he acknowledges it will hurt a little and recoils, I love her bravery/trust, I love how the nurse is playful and part of it and I love those socks. This made my Sunday.
Stickers all over his legs too. This guy knows how to Dad.
Beautiful, this is so cute 🙏
[deleted]
Hah. first time I got the needle my dad was laughing at me calling me a bitch for crying.
Wish my parents did this stuff. They knew I was afraid of needles so they threatened to take me to the doctor whenever they thought I was faking being sick. I haven't had any vaccines since I was 10 because of that.
God damn. I love a good dad.
I'm crying help hekp
Who’s cutting onions
Awesome dad
wholesome
Hey antivaxx parents! Write down some notes, because THIS is good parenting
The nurse didn’t even change needles smh my head
Great dad. Great nurse. Great kid. Plus a great way to stop preventable diseases
Damn what a good dad and well mannered kid
Not only is this a great way to help your kid not be scared of things. But the encouragement he gave his daughter to be "big and strong" is beautiful.
What a shitty dad, giving his kid autism 

/s because this is sadly needed
Good parenting is a real joy to watch.  Happy for that family to have a strong family unit and dynamic.
Parenting (and being human) done right. This is so awesome!
My parents: “shut the fuck up, that shit don’t hurt. Stop complaining”
Kid handled that 100x better than I can.
That's so nice of him!
Dad 100
awwwww
Look at all those lovely people supporting that beautiful child. Love the kiss on dad’s face at the end. Makes my heart grow
this is the most wholesome video I've seen all day :)
:)
I hope to be as loving of a father as this guy.  Can’t wait!
Am Happy cuz they smart
A+ daddy-ing, right there.
This is the kind of parenting we need
Such a beautiful family. You can feel the genuine love through this.
Vaccianating his kid. That means he wants to keep it.
Idris?
One of the top notch dads the world has to offer :p
Fuck yeah for loving, supportive and trust encouraging parents!
Watch antivaxxers get mad over this
I needed that today! Great parenting, sir!
this is why ladies need a loving father in their lives.
WOW! What a great father, why can't my husband be like that?
Hell yeah dad
That’s awesome! I should have done that with my boys.
Oh man, that little kiss at the end just killed me!
Damn fine parenting.
Great parents
I actually got my measles vaccination with my daughter since there was a outbreak in my city and I was of the generation where they didn’t do boosters yet.

I think I was more scared than her.
That’s a great dad.
vAcCiNeS cAuSe AuTiSm
[deleted]
Anyone watch this before reading the title? I did and I was like wtf, did she just use the same needle.
Dad's like this make strong girls. No question about it. She'll be more attracted to a good man when she grows up like her dad rather than an asshole. She'll seek out someone that will treat her good and that has a resounding effect on society. Dad's deserve more credit especially ones like this.
Making me cry in a Sunday morning right when I wake up. What a beautiful family ❤️
I’m not crying
I wish there were brown bandages for brown-skinned people.
Right here... Parent of the year...
I'm not crying you're crying
Poor kid. One more doomed to become autistic.( Full disclosure. This is a joke. If u agree with this sentence u need to get some help. And plz vaccine your croch goblins)
That is adorable and a really good way to deal with such things♥️
This is what good parenting looks like 💗♥️💗
This kiss at the end was so sweet ❤️
Spoiler alert: the dad developed autsim
When a black father literally does anything...straight to the front page.
these are the things that let me reconsider my decision to not have children in the future. such a cool family and such a cute little child.
little girl is confused af...
What a badass dad.
It's nice how they went about the situation. Kids can pick up on how everyone reacts in situations, so making it a bit fun and silly made a huge difference
Great dad!
That's how it's done
"Big Cody!" 
What a twist!
Man I just realized how much parents lie. Had to make similar moves with my kids. All lies.
What amazing parents! That is a lucky little girl!
What teamwork!
Some great parenting right there
Fatherhood done right!!
Way to parent, from one dad to another.
this is adorable omfg
I give this dad a Dad/10.
This, needs to be the first result when you google “best dad”
Now that’s a good dad
that mans legs go all the way to the horizon
Parenting.. sometimes it's about misdirection and deception.  The best parents never get caught!
This is adorable. And I love that her name is Cody/Codie/Codi or however they might be spelling it. So cute.
If just half the dads in this world were like this one the world would be an amazing place!
Good job man.  It's all about being in the experience with them, not just telling them about your own.
At least hes vaccinating his kids
Dad's are SO important to growing kids. (Still miss mine - and he earned his rest after dealing with me!)
Lol, if that was my mom she would have clutched her arm and pretended to be in pain.
Awesome dad!
That right there, is top parenting.
Great job Dad!
Aaah, great parenting right there! <3
Can he be my dad?!
What an awesome dad
It's just refreshing to see good parents.
Great parenting. It’s okay to be scared, and yeah it hurt a little, but Dad can do it and do can you.
Seeing such an enormous man be so playful is really heartwarming
Im so glad she’s getting vaccinated.
Idris Elba???
Your breathtaking
Expertly done. Wholesome video.
Kudos to dad and champ!
Dad of the week!
Dad of the year!!! Love this kind of parenting!
I thought that was Idris Elba for a split second
Good way to convince your child somethint is harmless, do it first
awesome, great parents and great clinic staff! they took all her fear away!
Wow, the girl looks like she's actually having fun getting vaccinated. A+ parenting right there
tfw i'll never be this good of a dad :O(
What a top lad.
That’s awesome!
What a good dad and what a lovely daughter! Bless that man
So adorable¡!!!
r/ParentsAreFuckingAmazing
What a great Dad!!
So so so sweet! Her happy face after it's done. What a legend of a dad. When I as an adult get injections i cause a scene haha
Dad of the year right here!  She did that all WITH A SMILE. Love it.
Badass dad
She could have put a bandaid on the dad for nextfuckinglevel
That is the literal definition of family
Beautiful, I love that man.
Total wholesome!
My dad would've thrown me head first into the needle
God damn, if this isn't of the sweetest things I've ever seen ❤
That was so heartwarming, thanks OP.
Carefully, he’s a hero.
Man I want him to be my dad.
Great dad. Future parents, take notes.
It always makes me feel so warm to see a good Dad-o.
r/dadsbeingbros
Now that’s a good father.
Dad of the year right here
Pshh, you cant fool me, they straight up injected the autism into him.
Good dad!
Thats adorable
<3
A+ Dad!
Wow I thought that was Idris Elba for a second
Cutest thing I’ve seen all week! That little girl has one awesome dad (and mum supporting from the sidelines)
Dadding at its best! Bravo!
That's a hero dad
Hey i have those same sandals as him
My ovaries just burst
r/wholesome
Also, he remind me of Idris Elba
Solid parenting. Impossible not to like.
Does the dad also get pretend Autism?
This right here is good parenting
The dad looks like Idris Elba
What a sweet daddy
This brought on real tears. Moments like that help shape a child’s entire reality! She feels safe and supported and I’m so emotional about it.
Look at her smiling, so cute
Fucking Wholesome
It’s nice to know she won’t die of a preventable disease now :)
That's some good parenting there.
I'm going to do this if I hopefully have kids. Thanks OP
Melts my heart 🥰
That’s what it’s all about. Good parenting.
This daughter's gon listen to Luther Vandross Dance with My Father Again and tear up when she grows older. I swear it.
Now this is the like type of stuff I like to wake up and see on Reddit!
Dad is a triple OG. 

My scary ass would make my wife do that.
Spirit-lifting on an otherwise grey day!
Who else sorted by controversial immediately?
Very good parenting,but also his arms are huge.This dude hits them weights
This is so cute, what a great dad! I bet they have a lot of adventures together
Awesome Dad there! Great to see a fellow Dad loving his little girls and teaching them to be strong!!!
Loved her Animaniacs sticker... and, the vaccine, of course.

Herd immunity FTW!
I was afraid to take a bath when I was younger because I didn’t want shampoo in my eyes. No lie my dad got into the bath and put fucking shampoo in his eyes to show it didn’t hurt. Looking back as an adult, that shit prolly hurt him like a mofo.
Ice Cream time!
This is too much good dad all in one.
And the award for best dad ever goes to...
What a terrible nurse, she should know not to reuse needles like that.
Obligatory /s
This is the cutest thing I’ve ever seen. It fills my heart with such joy!
And I love how he's just cuddling her so that she feels even safer during the scary experience. Wonderful parenting!
All children need their Daddy! This is a good man.
Anyone else feeling the Idris Elba vibe from this cool dad? What a doll.
Wonderful parents!

She is a lucky girl!
Scrolling theough thw comments to find antivaxxers
oh this is so precious 😭
Parents, nothing but lies :c

&#x200B;

^(better put this /s)
Someone get this man a Lightning McQueen bandaid
Awesome dad and equally awesome nurse! So great to see happy positive parenting examples!
Oh man that hulk flex and the end just killed me.
What a sweet way to help that sweet little girl!
This is so fucking wholesome.
This man inspires me as a father!
Good lad
What an awesome dad.
Very wholesome.  Beautiful family
This is one of the cutest things I've ever seen in my entire goddamn life.
Not all hero’s wear capes
seriously, this is what i imagine a good parent is. i didn't have any and am to this day terrified of needles. this man deserves an award
The hero every kid needs. Emulating their braveness and immunity to pain :)
Sweetest thing i've ever seen
He probably got her ice cream afterward. I can just *tell.*
Daddy is great!!! 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼💙
Very precious
Truly wholesome!
Awesome daddy, a great role model for dads and parents everywhere! Also that doctor or nurse is great too!
This restores my faith in humanity just a little bit after seeing the stupidity of anti-vaxxers
Good job, but those stickers are going to sux coming off his legs!
Kudos to the practice as well - ours wouldn’t allow fake vaccination for the parents, probably due to fears about liability
Based
Being a parent is awesome. It’s always the little things that make you proud.
That’s a good dad
For some reason I just wasn't that scared of needles, even when I was not that much older than this kid
This is the sweetest thing I’ve seen in a while...great way to start of my Sunday. Way to go, Dad.
That is dead sexy.

Sorry...also it's probably the cutest thing I've seen all week; and I have two cats.
Nice to see some good parenting.
ZADDY! 🤤
That's a good dad right there.
I’m completely petrified on needles. This little girl is beyond inspirational to me and the dad is fantastic.
Big Kodi Knock them down!
It makes me so happy to see our generation doing this. We can express and be vulnerable. It’s so important.
Give that man a reward for A+ parenting!
Greatest dad AND greatest nurse!!
Awesome parenting!
Brave kid
That's a good fuckin dad right there!
Great parenting skills! I love this. Amazing :)
Enjoy those priceless moments.  Parenting does not come with a manual. Way to go DAD... Genius.
Nice Papa!
This type of stuff always puts the biggest smile on my face. Dads are something else man.
Awesome dad!!  Makes me happy to see that kind of fathering and kindness.
What a good dad.
Fucking awesome dad. Hell yes.
That’s a dad. Well done buddy 👏🏻
She’s so brave!
*Everyone liked that*
Can he come with me to my next doctor visit?
Always wanted to do this w saline. But kiddo didn’t care about me showing it was nbd so yah
This is so wholesome and amazing and I genuinely didn't expect it when I logged on to Reddit...
So awesome!
I like how she says “ooo woo!” too
This is cute but parents need to be careful identifying information on their children’s clothing. The child’s school is on her shirt. There are weirdos online who might try to show up there to see her in person. I hope the parents give strict rules to the school about who can visit her or pick her up. Better yet, change schools. Sorry to be the bearer of bad news but safety first.
That is some A+ parenting, and A+ for trusting in science and advances in medicine. He's not only protecting his adorable little daughter from preventable diseases but also helping the kids around her who can't get vaccinated. A+ to the daughter for taking the sting like a champ. A+ all around.
I wish my dad was like that.
Antivaxers have entered the chat
Good father figure! Way to be there for your little lady.
Got damn this warms the heart
That kiss/peck at the end...

Fucking adorable!!!
Shes pretty brave.
Awww!  What a good daddy!!!!
Very smart trick 👍
That’s wholesome
Daddy does anything for Daddy's girl
Precious!!!
This was possibly the most adorable thing I've ever seen, daddy daughter relationships are magic.
Love this. Great job Dad!
So he's just a lier...
Good job to all three
Wholesome AF
The anti-vaxxers never get such moments.
Anti-vaxx kids are rolling over in they graves!
What's this in my eye?   I'm not crying you are!
I want kids now?
What a great dad - and daughter!
Is it just be or is it getting a little hot in here?
[deleted]
Great father daughter moment.  Love the positivity
Adorable. I'll use this strategy when my wife and I have a kid.
What’re you some kind of gallow clone?
Stop it, that’s just too sweet.
Now when you drop them off at the pool the other swimmers won't get sick 👍🏻
That’s cute
Dad is yoked damn son.
10/10 Dad
well done dad
And the stickers on both the child and the father are very telling when it comes to seeing how engaged the father is.
It literally took me till I was 10 to stop being afraid of needles, good on this girl for taking it like a champ
Hopefully, she won't take this as a lesson in using the same needle on multiple people. Lol
What an awesome dad.
Gd I love black excellence.
Outstanding!! It's what dads do ,,💪💪💉💉🤙🤙
What a good father
now all the antivaxers will say he gonna get pretend autism
Need way more dads like this.
Tell me she dosent have black air forces on
Uplifting and awesome
The angle makes his right arm look way more jacked than his left
OMG THEY SHARED NEEDLES!
The laughter from a child who loves their parent is infectious and beautiful
I’m so tired. I initially read that as “Dog gets...” and was looking everywhere for the good boy pretending to enjoy the needle.
This is so adorable.
Father of the year right there
That's a good dad
Finds wholesome post. 

Feels warm feeling inside. 

Sorts Comments by “Controversial” 

The darkness returns. Good. Good.
Wholesome as fuck
Holy crap that guy is huge
What an awesome father!
Parenting done right! What an awesome Dad!
Parenting champion.
This is so sweet!!! A+++ parenting
That’s really fucking sweet
That’s an excellent father.
Looks like the first day of school :/
Good job dad!
Why am i crying at work
That’s beautiful
My first day of school :/
This makes me so happy. I can’t wait to adopt a child one day.
Wolsome 100
Dad of the millenium. Nice job buddy
Why is there stickers on the shins?
One awesome parent.. Well done dad
Every family member is important. Dads are critical. Dads of the world -- step up -- your life's mission.
Fucking Idiots Now Have Autism (JOKE)
good method
So cute! Don't share or reuse needles though. :p
Seeing black dads makes me so happy. Having a dad makes life so much easier for the child and later young adult and good dicipline as a kid is the antidote to crime.
I love the stickers on their legs lol that's a good parent right there
This is the sweetest thing to do for your child! Give dad a gold star!
I'm no dad, but that's what I strive to be.
Meanwhile me 17yo male, scared of needles.......
/r/raredads
Such a good, supportive and caring dad. I aspire to be like this man one day.
Haha so cute
Good looking family.
Daughter is adorable
This is the cutest thing I've seen all day
Anti-Vaxxers would never
I think the daughter started to question it for just a moment. Like, “oh where is your bandaid, huh?”
Good daddy. Good mommy.
This the content we need
Very good idea Dad
That kiss at the end.... ❤
Strong
saving this in the ol' memory bank if my daughter needs help with hers.
I remember when my dad did the same for me. He even made a face and went "ouch, that hurts." I wanted to appear tougher so I didnt even complain at all when I got it. Was never afraid of needles ever since
Big brain time
Will we all be laughing when he gets pretend autism too?????!!!!1111. /s
My heart is melting. This is too cute.
Gonna try this with my kid moving forward. 

I have noticed that my kid is more prone to trying or doing things when she sees me do them.
Idris Elba?
That's adorable
Thanks for the tutorial!
So cute, love seeing a dad do their thing.
Don't do it it's a trap
Dad of the year.
Most excellent Dad!
That nurse almost blew his cover. 

Give the man a damn band-aid, he's earned it with that performance.
I'm having a horrible day today, and this just made it way better. Thanks for sharing :)
okay, but why is the Dad hot as fuck?
Parenting done right 😀
When I got diagnosed with diabetes 30 years ago the nurse was showing me how to inject using an apple to show how easy it was but that meant nothing to kid me so she ended up sticking a syringe into her stomach to show that it didn't hurt which really helped
I love everything about this. So cute. And such a great idea to help a child be a little more brave. Best dad.
Their matching leg stickers are precious!!! Go team!!!
Is that Idris Elba?
Don't get me wrong, this is super sweet, but has probably been going to these drs appts since the day that child was born.

But at least he made it to one and comforted his kid.
u/LetsGetCrackin9
Vaccination for vaccination
That's a good dad right there.
The more I see videos like this the more I'm convinced that I just want my future partner to be a great parent above all.
'' You gotta go like this, man! '' Lol, great parenting.
The downvoted suggest otherwise
My dad did this once it actually help I was less scared too
...because it’s so prettyyyy
Good Dadding
What an absolute legend.
Idris elba
Hes so hawt
Brilliant! What a great Dad :)
After my 18 month old rolled into a nest of baby deer ticks (and was bit by over 100 of them), I did this too but actually asked for the same test that my daughter was getting - it was for Lyme.  Low and behold I had Lyme and didn’t even know it....my daughter, on the other hand, did not.  And to think my doctor gave me a hard time about ordering the test because I didn’t have symptoms or a tick bite, I was pregnant at the time too.  Lyme is not to be fucked with.
I don’t have lungs big enough to give this post the big “aww” it deserves
/u/natsdorf how many subs you gonna post this to?
This is awesome and wholesome. I'm happy every time I see great parenting. 

And I just got a new idea for when my 3yo doesn't want to get vaccinated.
Dad is a ripped guy. Check out those biceps no needle hurts those.
Awesome parents!
This is super sweet, we need more videos like this
Aww my stepdad used to do this with me too! He'd pretend to take my medicine with me and everything.
Aaaahhhh my heart this is so cute
This is so great on so many levels
While this is cute and was probably effective, I nearly pass out whenever I see stuff like this in person
Because kids feed off of parents reactions. If the parent's stressed, there child is going to reat accordingly.
I love this
Sharing needles is fun for the family!
Classic Stringer Bell
My 2-1/2 yo would have been like, “Where’s your band-aids?”
So you just gonna not tell me why they're wearing stickers?
Good dad
Oh hello beautiful man, wonderful father and awesome human....
Nobody in the video used the word vaccine or even makes reference to it.
A+++ GRADE PARENTING.
Awesome dad!!!
That’s a good dad. Made my day.
I love this guy. This is such a simple thing but I can tell this guy is a godly parent
This made me happy and then made me think about my dad. I'm seeing him today so I'm gonna give him a big hug
My daughter is 6 weeks old. I aspire to be this good of a dad. 😊 Thanks for the video.
This is wholesome.
Amazing dad, and now I know what to do to help my daughter with her vaccines :)
Now THAT is how you be a dad!

Grade A parenting right there.
So cute!
Holy shit is that a dad?
Where's his band aid?
Now thats a parent
It is so nice to see things like this. By the way was that Idris Elba because that man sure looks like him a bit.
Her socks. I am dying. It's so cute
That's a man worthy of the "best dad ever" mug for sure!
That is wholesome af. The stickers had me cracking up. That's a fun dad!
This is amazing!  What a great father!
Because That’s what hero’s do
This is so wholesome.
this is smart. I hope I remember this technique when needed
Right.  Like the father wasn't hoping up there to get the lollipop when he was done.  Can't fool me.
Great job dad, just that simple act says so much. A++
Thank you for vaccinating your kids.

-the future
Dad skill level: 100
