Dad: don't you be getting girls pregnant!

Also dad:
[deleted]
Awww... congratulations! 
My padre wanted me to get pregnant as soon as I got married, I waited 5 years and the last time I saw him I was 6 months pregnant and flew to TX to see my family. I remember he reached out to touch my belly and looked so happy. The morning I left back to AZ he said “ Bye pretty baby”.  Two weeks later I got the call that he died of a heart attack.  Never got to see him holding my son but I know he would have been just as joyful as your pops.   Thank you for sharing this. Warm feelings exuding now.   Enjoy every moment w your family.
Jerry? Garry? Larry?
My father died when I was 5.. Some times I'll just stop and look at my son and become so overwhelmed with sadness because they never got to meet each other. My Mom always told me that my Dad would light up whenever he had me in his arms. I know he'd be the same way with his grandson.
r/happycryingdads
I have so much secondhand excitement from this picture. Congratulations.
Your dad is packing some serious heat. Hell yeah pops
Wife and I are 39 weeks today.  I cannot wait to see our parents reactions.  Beautiful moment.
I spent a lot of life feeling like a fuck up. Despite my efforts I always ended up falling short of my dreams. Working hard every day just to stay afloat, wondering what’s the point of it all. 

When I had my first child, all those feelings disappeared. The first time I held my child, life just made sense. In that moment, I knew everything was worth it.

Then seeing your child grow up and go through the same experience, it’s indescribable.
> **I’ve never seen my dad so happy** 

You probably have seen your dad extremely happy when he saw you for the first time. You just can't remember it.
You did see him as happy as that once but you were a baby at the time
Imagine how happy he will be when you get a puppy
This makes me wish my dad could've met my son.

Cherish it.
The ol “I made something that made something face”
Ah, this is what I’m denying my parents by not having my own kids. Sorry, guys.
Grandparents: All the joy, none of the responsibility.
You saw him this happy before.  You just don't remember because you were a newborn.
I like your dad's balls.
Don's stare at the balls.
Poppa got bulge
Happy for you, man. 

Bums me out though, my pops passed last year and I’m having my son next month. Life’s a trip.
That’s the face of a man who finds out all his effort and sleepless nights have been worth while to raise a man who is not a total fuckup and has taken the responsibility to undertake the endeavor of trying to do the same in this fucked up world. 
I have a similar picture of myself holding my!first born but because I was scared shitless of the things to come. Now I found out it is not so bad
[deleted]
Being a grandpa, all the joys about being a father without the cost.
you won't see this and that's ok. but it just gets better from here. wait until they walk for him for the first time!
Nice to see Randy Bobandy put on a shirt to hold the baby
Randy?
Now if only I could earn my father's approval without having to pop out a kid that I am financially incapable of taking care of.
Aww very happy for you and family. Congratulations!!
Damn dude. Your dad’s shoe game is next level. Those look like $350 Quoddys.
dad is packing 😋
So awesome, I became a grand father for the 4th time on July 3rd. I truly feel that picture. Congratulations.
I'm crying. I can't help but think of my dad who passed away when I was 21 (almost 30 now) and how happy he would have been too. 

Wishing you and your beautiful family all the best!
This photo has just melted my cold black stone of a heart in a matter of seconds wow 🥺
Just imagine when he saw you for the first time.
Your dad is randy from Sunnyvale trailer park?
Mazel tov
My mom had the same exact look on her face the day I told her that I was pregnant. I think she loves her grandchild more than me at this point.
My heart broke a little after seeing this photo. I realized I'm robbing my parents of this experience by not wanting to have kids of my own.

Edit: appreciate all the kind responses
He's crying because all of the taxes, college loans, shit healthcare Bills, 1 hour commutes, 60 hour work weeks, and 50% chance of divorce this kid has to face.

I'm crying inside writing this. 

Good luck kid.
My daughters mum spent over 2 days in labour, we were awake for nearly 72 hours, I was sat, in the middle of winter, snow outside, with all the windows wide open because she was that warm, me and her mum spent the entire time in big fleece coats, hats, gloves, the lot. The ENTIRE time, my mum sat and waited in the waiting room, went home once right at the start when we got told it could be a long one, came back an hour later with a bag of sandwiches, snacks, magazines, all sorts.

She waited patiently for nearly 72 hours to meet her granddaughter. I will NEVER forget the moment she met her grandchild for the first time. 

My mum is truly my idol, she's an incredible woman, a loving mother, and a besotted grandma. I hope she knows how much we both love her.
[removed]
L’Chaim
Aw man, I remember that uncomfortable hospital couch. Women don't realize the discomfort we feel on those while they're just going through labor.
And my gay ass won’t be able to experience this
One of my best memories of my life is standing with my arm around my father holding my newborn son both of us overflowing with tears of joy. It’s a feeling of joy, pride, and love that can’t be explained in words. Congratulations on the little one, enjoy every single moment of it!!!
This. All day this. Thank you for sharing. Your Dad is lovely and it makes me happy in my heart that you have this memory.
I’ve seen this face before. 
Your dad is thinking about all the stuff little
Dude here is going to get away with that he yelled at you for. He is also thinking about all the adventures they will Enjoy
Your dad reminds me a lot of my dad, who I miss every day. Thank you so much for sharing this, and congratulations!
Trust me, you should have seen him holding you for the first time.
You've seen him that happy you just dont remember, you were little. It reminds him of holding you.
Sure you have...you were just too young to remember
Oh man that’s awesome.  I remember when my son was born, I could stop crying for a good 3 hours lol.   Congrats.
Imagine how happy he was when he met you for the first time
Congrats ! 

It’s such an ace feeling. The nicest thing my dad ever said to me was when I’d put my son in the car when he was only a month old, and my dad put his hand on my shoulder and said I was a really good dad. It felt like validation.
Probably the same look on his face when he held you the first time.
Lost my dad a few years ago and this is what makes me the saddest. He would have been a great G-Pa.
Guessing he had the same expression and emotions when he held you for the first time though!
He was probably this happy when you were born, so wholesome.
This is so bitter sweet for me.. it's such a beautiful picture, the emotion, all of it. I love it!

Lost my dad earlier this year and breaks my heart knowing he won't be there for a beautiful moment like that.  

Give your dad a big hug for me <3 ps big congratulations too :)
Thank you very much for this photo.  It made my day! 

My father passed away last year right around the time we found out my wife was pregnant with our first. Your fathers expression reminded me of my late pops and really brought back some great memories.  I hope my old man had that look on his face when our little guy joined us this past March.  

Cheers and Congrats!
I'm crying! Happy tears, congrats, that child is so loved!
Please frame this
Congratulations on your gorgeous boy
I work as a labor and delivery nurse. When the grandparents are around shortly after delivery, I often tell the new mom/ dad, "If not today, you'll understand very soon just how much your mother/father love you." 

Seeing this picture drives that home for me. Some kids never *really* understand how much they are loved until they have children of their own.
Congrats man!!!  Sure your dad was happy when you born too! Greetings from Paris bro!!! Enjoy your new life! Remember that : nothing is more important than family!
Your dad looks literally overjoyed. Congratulations and best wishes to your family!
Wish my father had anything even close to this reaction when my daughter was born. She is almost 2 and I could count on one hand the times he has held her. Sucks.

Making a conscious decision not to parent the same way.
My dad passed away before I could have a kid. It makes me eternally sad I won't get to see this with my dad. Such a beautiful image.
Your dad is like, primo dad
Enjoy it. My Dad lived long enough to know my wife and I were having a son but not long enough to see him. Congratulations and I best of luck on your new adventure :)
This is beautiful
Why do I know that your dad is Italian. New York or New Jersey Italian.
I’ve been divorced from the father of my three child bearing age children for over 20 years now. He will look exactly like this when he holds his first grand baby and I hope I am there to see it. He wasn’t a great husband, but he sure loves his kids. And grandchildren? His heart might explode from joy.
Because that is eternal life.
Congratulations yes grandpa looks pretty proud
Appreciate every second of it. My dad passed away when I was 14, and moments like these always hit me in the feels because he won’t be with me for them. Treasure every moment while you still can
Love this!  Thanks for sharing.
He loves him like he loves you.
Wholesome William Shatner
My dad will never be able to meet my children when the time comes and it makes me extremely sad.
I wish my dad was still alive
I don’t care if this is seen I have to say it. I am so sad I don’t have a picture of my dad crying holding my baby boy for the first time but I vividly remember it. He said “it’s an angel” and his eyes welled up in my bedroom in the rocking chair my mom got me for my baby shower. An absolutely beautiful moment between 3 generations every time it happens. I cried too.
So much love in one picture
Such a beautiful moment. My daddy was the same way. Take many pics, sadly my youngest didn't get to know her grandpa past the age two. Cherish every smile, tear, and belly laugh!
Best wishes❤
Because there is nothing like holding your baby’s baby 😳🧡
He'll be a turbo grandad, that's lovely to see.
He looks like jerry gergich from parks and rec
He indirectly made that
This is so precious. Also, is your Dad wearing Eastlands? I haven't seen those since the late 80s and assumed they were extinct.
Its pictures like this that make me want to have a child at some point in my life
This'll get buried but I can't thank you enough for sharing this. I could go far in depth of how this touches me very deep, sentimentally and emotionally and wish you and your family the best.

The strongest of men are never above showing genuine emotion. My dad is the the stereotypical, cliché gentle giant and I'm very lucky to still have my father, and mother too, sooo ..SOOO lucky...but me personally, being in my early 30s right now, with already one failed marriage under my belt and (luckily or unluckily) I'm still child-less..seeing my parents in their late 50s, I hope so much that I will get my act together and have the chance to give them a grandchild and give my future kids the gift of an amazing set of grandparents that will love them the way they have shown such unwaivering love for me.
Every time I see something like this I can't help but think about the fact that I've never cried out of sheer happiness, kind of makes me want to cry out of sadness... (sorry to make it about me, it is a beautiful pic though, congrats on your bundle of joy)
Hold onto this.   I lost my father to cancer a year before becoming a father myself.   It will always be my biggest wish,  that he could meet his grandson.
Yes you have. When he held YOU for the first time. You just don’t remember.
Mr. Lahey is drunk smiling down from liquor heaven.
oh this is such a beautiful moment! thank you for letting us share in it. Congratulations to your whole family your little boy is gorgeous!
I opted to not have kids and have no regrets but that never excludes me from feeling the intense joy parents and grandparents when I witness these moments. That baby is LOVED and that warms my heart.
My friend donated some of her old baby clothes to me the other day, as I’m due in 3 weeks. One of the onesies said “Grandpa’s Best Friend” and I got really sad.

My dad passed away suddenly 7 years ago. I know he would have been like the grandpa in this picture. He would have been great.

My father in law is an asshole. Had an affair on my mother in law while she was dealing with breast cancer, and then decided to fuck off from his entire family (including his 4 kids) to live a bachelor life with no responsibilities. While we were visiting him in Oregon a few months ago (at my husband’s request, it’s complicated), my father in law said to me “Yeah I would come to the baby’s birth, but I have a friend’s birthday party going on and a concert to go to... it’s just not good timing.”

Awesome. What a great grandpa. 

I ended up putting the “Grandpa’s Best Friend” onesie in a donation box.
Favorite memory from the day after I gave birth is my father shoving my mom out of the way so he could be first to hold his first grandchild
I am choking up just looking at this. Congratulations!
When I had my first kid, and it was my dad's first grandchild, him and my mom came to the hospital.  I asked my dad 'Do you want to hold her?' He replied "I've held a baby before" and just sat down on a chair.
"Strong men also cry"
I've never seen him more sad.
A kid he doesn’t have to take care of for 21 years
I lost my dad at 21, after our relationship had really hit rock bottom. 

I’d give anything now for him to be here and see me being a dad to my boy and girl. I finally have something that could have brought us back together. 

Your son looks like he has scored with one hell of grandpa. 

Congratulations and welcome to the club. Your pipe and slippers have been dispatched.
You havent seen him this happy because the only other time he was, was when you were born
Congratulations man. I pray for your good life with your child and family.
My dad cried too when I told him my gf was pregnant. But not for the same reasons.
Picture of human holding a smaller one
From a guy who lost his dad when he was 21, this is fucking beautiful man
I’m having my first baby, a boy, in January. I know I’ll have a photo just like this with my own father and son. I’m really looking forward to it. Thanks for sharing. ❤️
Congrats! 

The day my first son was born, my father's business partner told my wife and I, "You are going to get a lot of advice and input from everyone over the next several months. Smile and say, 'Thank you.' Then, do what you think is right. 90% of the times you will be right, the other 10% is called learning."

3 sons later and I have to say it was the best advice anyone ever gave me on raising kids.
Not meaning to bring anyone down, but this had me crying at work.  I love the pic and just wish that I could’ve had one just like it.

My dad passed away 8.5 months before my daughter was born, and I never got to tell him we were actually having a baby. 

It’s funny because he was the one who convinced us to stop putting it off. We were always looking for the right time and coming up with excuses why we couldn’t afford to have any kids. 

The last time he asked me when were gonna start trying, I told him that things just weren’t perfect yet and we didn’t want to do the whole “flying by the seat of our pants” thing like he did. 

He not so humbly reminded me that we were 27 and had been together for 11 years. We weren’t getting any younger. Besides, he and mom were 27 when I was born and they had their shit together for at least a few years after I came along. 

He told me after he got off his soap box that it wasn’t his soap box, but my grandmothers soap box circa 1990. He had told my grandma the same thing before they decided to stop putting it off and have me. 

Sorry for the rant, and I’m not trying to hijack your happiness in any way just felt the need to tell the little story. I know I don’t need to tell you, but treasure the grandparent time my dude, it goes quick.
That's really lovely! My dad died when I was a teenager, so he never got to meet my kids, I'd like to think he'd react the same. Such a nice image, treasure it all 👍 Congrats!
One of the purest posts on my feed today. Congrats to your family! 

Edit: I’m on my phone and it thinks I was using the incorrect form, you’re
r/happycryingdads
i will make your child suffer
This picture made me tear up
As an older man \[49\] I feel this in my core. In your youth you spend your time trying to look hard and not cry, as you age your emotions become like friends rather than enemies that you have to battle. There is a certain peace that your emotions bring and to display them is not a signal of weakness but one of strength. I expect soon I will have grandchildren and the waterworks will flow.
Hi grandpa
That's an awww for sure!
That is some deep, uncontrollable Dad emotion right there.
Beautiful picture. Congratulations <3
Love this!  Congratulations!  We just dropped off our only child (young woman actually) at college this weekend.  The 18 years have gone by so quickly.  Please take the time and enjoy every possible moment - they grow up so fast.
I bet he looked the same when you were born. That's a proud poppa there. Good job man.
[removed]
сongratulations.
My mum and dad are coming down tomorrow to meet my little six-week-old. Hoping to get pictures much like this :)
That’s what real love looks like. Congratulations!
r/happycryingdads
Congratulations! What a beautiful picture!
Tell Patton Oswalt I said hi.
My dad passed 2 years ago and he’ll never meet mine which sucks so much. Soak up every moment!
Got me real good. You and your dad have a blessed day and congratulations.
Beautiful photo! Congratulations dude! I hope you have many years of happiness and love. Good luck on your journey!
I have never seen your son so happy
That’s beautiful, man.  Congrats!
Awww, be still my heart
This is precious ☺️
Post this to r/pics 😃
Just beautiful and emotionally rich. Amen!
This pic reminds me of when I had my son.....It brings tears to my eyes! My Dad was over the moon with joy, he had tears in his eyes the very first time he held him, just like this pic! My Dad was my rock every step of the way! I had my son at 16, was young, dumb & had no idea what the hell I was doing. My Dad & my son shared the most incredible bond. My Dads son was a total POS, so my Dad totally stepped in! My Dad has passed now, almost 6 years ago! Just grateful every day My son & I had such an incredible man to be our rock!
So heartwarming
Now that's how Grampa should act! Bool Yah Gramps.
If my dad doesn’t react this way when I have kids then I’m putting myself up for adoption. 

Very beautiful post, OP.
This is so sweet😢
Awwwww, This made me so happy. Bless you and your family.
Babies bring blessings to family
thanks for sharing man ... that's what pure joy looks like! Congrats on the kid
beautiful, really put a smile on my face.
Tfw hes happier meeting your son than you
No, you have seen him that happy before. You just dont remember is all, you were the babe in his arms back then.
Congrats
Congratulations!  And what an awesome picture...really captures the emotion of the moment.
Congratulations!  Your dad looks so happy - brought tears to my eyes.  My dad passed away suddenly before my son was born.  I miss him every day and wish so much that he could have met his grandchildren.
This is beautiful- thank you for sharing this with us!
r/happycryingdads gets me every time
I can see your dads penis. Again.
 Way to go. Proud parents
This is just one of those photos that speaks a thousand words.  Your dad is just overwhelmed with joy.  Such a beautiful thing.
All the up votes from someone who's father will never get to meet his grand baby ❤️
I'm not– crying, he is
All you did was have sex.
Aw!! Congrats!
Awwww! This brought tears to my eyes. Congratulations!!
Congratulations 😊
Ah man, I hope my FIL has this moment. The emotion on his face is so overwhelming
Beautiful moment captured here! 💜💙
Since when does randy wear a shirt?
So... your dad is a younger version of Don Rickles? \^\^
Uncle Joey!?
Is that Phil from FlexTape?
Dude's got a pinky ring.
He looks farm strong.
pinky ring worth about a fitty BLING BLING
Ugh my dad passed from cancer in 2013.  My daughter was born in 2017.  This post hit me like a ton of bricks.
I wish I wanted kids because it would make my parents so fucking happy.
*everyone like that*
You haven't seen it cos you couldn't see it when you were born, mate.
Love that he’s wearing Camp Mocs.... people don’t wear those shoes enough these days
r/wholesomememes
He might be hoping for a better result this time.  Jks
I’m so happy for you and I am crying, jerk.
He looks like he is 'bout to cry............, He reminds me of myself.....(still, awwwww)
I’m having my first son in two weeks! I can’t wait. My parents are literally giddy with excitement.
This makes me sad my parents won't ever be grandparents.... at least not from me... perhaps my brother someday.
It's a beautiful baby!
This moment is what i’m waiting for. I can’t wait to see my dad be the best grandfather. He’s been the best father and I know he’s only getting better with age. Thinking about having this moment in the future has pulled me out of many deep holes and it makes my heart sing to see people living and enjoying it
 r/happycryingdads
Theres nothing more Dad than trying to mask a cry with a subtle laugh
I totally understand him. It’s easier as I get older to get emotional and it has a lot to do with being older. You appreciate time and the time you already lost. Watching toy story 4 I got emotional when they said goodbye because I was so much younger when the first came out. It brought back lifelong memories and makes you feel old and vulnerable. I related to their goodbyes because I felt all sorts of emotions about my own life and my kids lives. 
He is super proud in this picture but he is also overwhelmed with emotion because of his own life and his own mortality. I cry on stupid singing shows when parents are crying about their kids. And when it is your kid and their kid, it’s hard not to be emotional.
I know exactly what your dad is feeling right then.
My grand daughter is 6 now, but she looks the same to me.
This is the day my old man is waiting for. I shall score in next 4 years.
I know the feeling! Almost lost my dad 1 year before my son was born to a stroke. I remember like it was yesterday. My son was born, and with tears running down his face my dad gave me the biggest hug and said "Thank you."

Thank you Dad. 

Congratulations to you and your family!
My dad had the same reaction meeting my daughter born two weeks ago. Congratulations dude!
Damn 😍😭

Everyone should have someone who looks at them like this.
Having my first kid in March. Made me happy and then sad realizing that my dad isn't alive to take this kind of picture.
The baby is crying.
He doesn’t look happy
Man this photo is wonderful, congratulations to you and your family. I remember holding my nephew in my arms for the first time, I made me really happy inside.
Oh my goodness. I’m 37 weeks with my dads first grandchild/grandson and this hit home so hard. Congratulations!
Have "older" parents (mom was 33\dad 40) when I was born. No kids and I'm almost 40 and my brother  is in his mid 30s and we have no kids either. Not sure if I'm interested in having them (work related), so they spoil the shit out of our godkids (practice grandchildren). Nice to see them passing on some of what I got to experience being theirs to our godchildren.
Having a children and making my dad a grandfather did wonders for our relationship.   Congratulations on the new edition
Dream of everyone's Father is to chill with their son/daughter kids
His sad face must be mind blowing.
That's amazing.
This made me cry
I bet he made that same face holding you, cheers. 🤘
r/happycryingdads
Wow, up until now I hadn't realized how sad it makes me that my dad will never get to see whatever children I may have in the future. Yikes.
Even the toughest, surliest sumabitch can turn to pure fluff when you put a grandkid in front of him.

After my grandfather passed away, I was helping my mom sort through boxes and boxes of photos of him.  All of the photos of him in his war days, with his adult buddies, or even at family events when my mom and her siblings were kids have this grumpy, disconnected look on his face.  Even his smiles seem stiff and forced, worried and irked.  The ones with me and my brothers?  Pure joy.  Tears in his eyes.  There's one of me showing him my baseball trophy and damn... you've never seen anyone more happy and proud.
Congrats and blessings to your family! Made my day! Thanks for sharing!
sooo very precious.congrats
This is a beautiful moment!
Was anyone else on dark theme and couldn’t see the eyes award
Makes me hope to make mine that proud in that way someday soon too.
Man.... I wish my dad was around to meet my kids. I can picture how cute it would be to see him with his little granddaughter
Cherish this. My Dad passed away in July and he never knew our first child we is on the way. We were only a few weeks in at that point, and hadn't told anyone.
My Son and his Wife moved almost four hundred miles from Virginia to Southeast PA about a year ago to be closer to my Wife and I.  They blessed us with our first Grandson in April and since they both work, we have the opportunity to take care of him during the week.  They call these my golden years, I can't agree more.
Such a great photo. 

Makes me both happy and sad. Because my Dad didn’t meet my first son until he was nearly a year old, due to us being separated by an ocean, and unfortunately he passed away a few month before my second son was born. Brings back memories. Damn, who’s chopping onions???
congratulations man!
As a bonus, you know what his face looked like when he met you, OP.
Oh, my heart!! I think it just burst from seeing such overwhelming joy & love on his face...God bless ur whole family Grandpa!! Hope mama & baby are well!!  ♥️
anyone else see gary/jerry/larry gurgich from parks and rec at first?
My wife and I just had our first in July, and this is my parents first grandchild.

It's turned my dad into a complete softy. He held her for an hour last week, just staring at her and signing. It didn't even click that it was my dad for the first 30 minutes.

It's pretty amazing how she's changed my family in the short time she's been here.
 A new life. Congratulations.
I’m not crying, we all are.
This legit brought a tear to my eye. Congrats man, you’ll never forget it.
Your Dad is cool, he’s going to be a brilliant Granddad!
THAT is soooooo beautiful ♥️
God Bless ❤
This is a beautiful moment op. Congratulations
He kinda looks like jerry/Gary from parks and rec but super cute heartwarming pic!! (I dont mean this in a bad way hes just a celebrity look alike!)
Just thinking about this day makes me teary.
Beautiful!
Ive never seen my dad genuinely happy either... I dont belive I ever will liek this because he is pretty old and im only 21
Is your dad Jerry Girgich?
good dad + good son = lucky grandson
Awesome photo! Good luck to you and to the new grandpa!!
I'm jealous bro. My dad wasn't there for either of my daughters' births, and he'll never meet them. Give your old man a hug for me.
Really awesome and powerful photo, gave me all the feels. I’m child free but I get a little guilty when I think about how much my parents want grandkids and how awesome they (my parents) are. Still can’t do it.
Congratulations!
OP is so lucky. My baby is 7 months old and my father is too busy with his wife to visit. He could give two shits about any perspective one may gain from meeting their grandson.
It was like that when my dad met my son the first time. Good moments.
This made me cry.
When my daughter held her niece for the first time she burst into tears. Took her, and all of us, completely by surprise!

Needless to say, she is a devoted aunty.
I'm glad you are savoring this moment.  Please savor some more for me.  I really wish I could have had this moment with my dad when my boys were born.
r/happycryingdads
Congrats! What a beautiful moment! I was able to be with my daughter when she had my grandson in April 2019. It was the most amazing experience. I feel like my grandson and I will forever have a special bond since I was the first one(other than the dr) to see him come into this world.
All the feels. Sucks my dad passed a year ago.
Oof hit me right in the feels!
Clearly you weren't looking at him when you were born, OP.
Good
He looks pissed off
I left the Jag and I took the Rolls,
If they ain't cutting, then I put em on foot patrol ,
How you like me now?,
When my pinky's valued over three hundred thousand
You probably have, but you were just too young to remember it as a newborn
Congrats, wussy.
NORM!!!!
Wow, your dad has a really nice bulge in his pants, Lol.
Welp, after a day of stress seeing that man's face just made me cry and calm down simultaneously. What a beautiful photo, and please hug your dad for me as both he and your son are precious and adorable. <3 Also, congratulations!

Whew, that got me good. 😪
Before my father passed away last year. He would always tell me the best thing that happened to him was becoming a father then a grandfather.
Your dad kind of looks like Jerry from Parks and Recs
Your dad is Joey Diaz?
that's the pure joy of the knowledge that finally you have to endure the same shit you made your dad endure too :D
I remember that moment too. It does feel good.
He looks just like him
My dad didn’t even come to the hospital, his (horrible) girlfriend said he was “too tired” loll. 

This was basically the expression of my stepdad though, this warms my heart so much! 
Congratulations!!
You've made your Dad hecka stoked and proud. This makes me tear up a little.

One day, my wife will be ready (she is 23 right now)
My dad was 40 and my mom 33 when I was born. My two siblings were born to my dad when he was in his early 20's with someone else and I used to think they were better off having had my dad so young but I realize now he made so many mistakes and wasn't financially ready for children then until he had me. Sure he wasn't AS energetic I'm assuming with me as he might have been with them but I know that he was a much much better father to me in his older age. I guess that's all that matters right? And I get along with my siblings super well.
And now I'm crying
He was probably this happy when he first saw you. You just don’t remember that, that’s all.
Aaand I'm crying. I'm 10 weeks pregnant so the hormones are raging, and also just witnessed my only sister give birth last week. Holy emotional. What an amazing experience. Congrats, OP!
Something finally got Randy Bo Bandy to put on a shirt.
His genes made those genes :)
My boy is 2 years old. I hope and pray that I can live to see and hold his son like that.
My dad’s sense of style is on par with your dad’s. I’m confident he has worn a similar outfit this week.
 
 
Is this how all old men will eventually dress? 😳
I have one of these pics of my mom meeting my son. It's so precious.
My dad has a 1 year old grandson has not seen him and literally gives zero fucks. Treasure what you have mate
Sweetness Overload! ❤
Fucking beautiful man!!!
Nice
No feeling like a feeling of holding a new born. Brings back memories for him I bet. 👍🏼
Cannot wait to give my father this gift
This was me when meeting my beautiful granddaughter for the first time dont mind saying blubering mess i was . Congratulations
So happy for all three of you. All the best🙂✌️
I hope I'm lucky enough to have this look one day.
Wish I had family like that.
Sadly I will never experience this as my only child has decided not to have children. I wish you and your father all the best. I hope he lives long to enjoy this aspect of his life. I am sure he deserves it. I can tell by the look on his face.
I just wish my dad would want to see my daughter.
What a great picture.
This is a beautiful moment. Congratulations on parenthood!
I think its great william shatner is involved in your sons life
Wonder what he was thinking/feeling.
Hope that kid has grandpa's hair
You know, I have this guilt that at 34, I am not even close to having a child.  This is due to my lack of career and poor choice in partners. I am fine with that. But I won the lottery with parents, and my favorite thing is grandparent love! I want so much to give them that joy while they are still around. The look on your dad's face is what I mean. This is what life is all about, and I hope I can have this someday when it's the right time.
r/happycryingdads
I get to meet my grandson in November. The clock isn’t moving nearly quickly enough for my tastes...
Only other time he was that happy was when he was holding you for the first time !
That's a beautiful pic
This is so wholesome!! Keep your dad close to you, I wish I had a dad who loved and cared about his kids
Your Farher looks like my former Colonel. Also he looks so very happy. Stay safe and happy.
Ahh, congrats. What a beautiful moment. My dad didn't live long enough to meet my kids. He died shortly before my first was born.
Is your dad Randy Bobandy?
Ugh! Got me right in the feels. Congrats!
Actually said Aww our loud. Great pic. I’m sure he’s a great Grandfather.
Great. It's communicable, cause now I got the feels too.
Welcome to the club!

Yeah I didn’t cry until my pops held my daughter. 
It finally made me realize how much work he had put into me and explained to me why he was always so worried about me. 

Now my life is constantly thinking about her. I get it. And I love bringing her to my dad to watch. It’s the best. He’s a seasoned vet. When I look back and what he had to do to raise me and give me a damn good childhood - awww man, it’s makes me crumble. 

Much love. You’re in for a great ride :)
And my parents are extremely disappointed that I will not be providing them with my spawn.
You hit him right in the feels, man
Congratulations. :)
congrats... dammit something is in my eye
I recently had a baby too and my dad has this thing where he won’t hold babies until they are at least 6 months and holding their own head up. He held my son (his grandson) just a few hours after he was born. My dad has never been so proud before this
This is beautiful ♥ cherish it
We told my parents about my fiancee being pregnant yesterday, he will be a mess when he finally gets to meet our little human 😊
Awesomeness!!!!
Joey Diaz long lost brother.
Gary!
Omg! This brought me to tears! My dad didn't get to meet my son, but I know his reaction would be similar to this. So amazing,  enjoy!
he's so happy that you busted your load inside another human
Soaking it all in..So much love, congrats 😻
Ive never made my father that happy...  good for you man
This picture made me simultaneously so happy for you and your family, and so heartbroken that my dad died 18 months ago and will never meet my children.

He would've adored them.
Happy and proud Gpa tears.
My son is due in five months, and I'd be lying if this exact moment hadn't crossed my mind. It makes me so happy. Congrats, OP.
I bet it's because he's remembering you at that age :)
Congratulations to you and all your family on the new addition my friend. Though but truly awesome days lie ahead
All the feels right here. So happy for you! There’s a certain sweetness and satisfaction I get from seeing my mother interact with my daughter-it’s like my two ends of the spectrum colliding. The pride I felt giving my mom that gift -gosh, I never knew how much it would mean and I never knew how much i DO mean to her.

Call your parents and kids and grandparents and tell them you love them. Work it into the convo. Don’t be a freak about it. Just make sure they know. 😁
This is so beautiful
💚💚💚💚💚💚💚💚
Congratulations dude. I am happy for you and your dad.
I'm not crying, I'm just sweating from my eyes.
Omg that child is so loved!
r/dadswhodidnotwantpets
It's cool your Dad wants to be involved with your son and you are able to have a moment like this.  Not something that should be taken for granted.

Meanwhile, my Dad could give 2 fucks that he has a grandson from me and a granddaughter from my sister.  The singular grandson to carry on the family name.  All he cares about is his next drink.  And as I sit here in the hospital waiting for him to get surgery cause his drunk ass fell and broke his hip sometime between Sunday and Wednesday, all I can think about is what he's taught me not to do as a father.
I love these moments ❤❤❤
Is your dad in trailer park boys by any chance?
I'm wearing practically the same shirt right now... not even close to being a grandpa
He remembering you at ur birth
Absolutely love this!!!
Nice socks Dad
I'd be guilting dad soon. With a gut like that he may not be around for many of junior's birthdays.
The heart of beauty is in this picture.
He looks like the flextape guy
wholesome dad
I'm in love with this. I know theres always an emphasis on women when babies are involved (meeting grandma for the first time ect) but it's so nice to see a man tearful over his grandchild. Such overwhelming love. 💕
DAD AKA MEAT PRINT PAPI
Omg I want to go get pregnant right now just to have this moment! ♥️
this is so sweet. It's kind of bittersweet to me because my dad thinks his only chance of having a grandchild is my step-brother. He doesn't think I should have children because I'm bipolar, as if he has to make that call. I wish we could have a moment like this someday
Dude, you ain't seen nothing yet. 

In a year plus, that child will be the brightest light in your dad's life. 

You, OTOH, are now regulated to a mere Royal Guardian. Get ready!

And you'll never see brighter smiles on your dad's face.

Remember, it's *his job* to spoil that child.
Feels good, man. Happy for you
GET THAT MAN SOME SOCKS!
What a proud grandpa! Very touching!
Congratulations, I wished my dad would be with me and my kids, you're a lucky dude :)
That kid is about to get anything and everything he wants from his grandpa growing up.
Nice. My dad didn’t give a shit
****highfive**** this is beautiful
He’s probably remembering when he first held you.
Congrats!
I'm betting he was pretty fucking happy when he saw you, too, my guy (or girl).  Congratulations and good luck.
I swear being a granddad changed my dads life ❤. Congratulations!
This is amazing <3
Your dad has no socks on, but your son does.  

They obviously need each other.  ;)
There was another time he was happy just like this, you don't remember it but you saw it
Happy? The man is sobbing!
Gorgeous pic
Good for you man .
Haven't seen my dad in 4 years !
I have a son now and want so badly for him to hold .
Unfortunately he is in another country and I can't afford to go there at this time
That's the look of a man who realizes he's come full circle...
Nice couch
How nice
That's only because you don't remember his reaction when you were born.
I saw the best sides of my dad when he became an grandfather.  It's pretty awesome.
r/happycryingdads
That's reincarnation right there, IMO. He gets to live another life. You get to live another life. Congratulations!
Congrats to all of you.
Well he is holding his grandson I'd be happy too. That kid is carrying on his name for another generation.  That would bring a tear to my eye.
I love how those little things can change your life forever without knowing it
He's just excited the mother's milk is coming in
I hate everything especially you and your baby.  And your dad.
It was a really amazing moment when after my daughter was born, call my mom (when we where going home from the hospital) so she could hold her granddaughter for the first time.

My mom didn't think we where going to have children when we surprised her that we where expecting, she didn't know we had started to try to conceive. Since my sister died my mom has assumed never to be a grandma as I have had health struggles, so it was amazing to see that love and happiness holding my daughter. It is few times in life I think one get to see that kind of instant love and happiness.
I loved him in the *Jackass* movies
r/happycryingdads
So happy it knocked his socks off
I love how those little things can change your life forever without knowing it
If that isn’t love, nothing is...
Beautiful baby, congrats!
As someone who lost their father before having kids. I’m beyond envious of you.
Ya.. he looks happy.
Is that Jerry?
i somehow read that as "I've never seen my dad. So happy"
Thanks for sharing- beautiful! Makes me look forward to fatherhood
Great picture and congrats.

Also, your dad looks like crying Bill Tench as played by Holt McCallany.
Good job, dad!

My little man is almost three. Every day has been amazing. And exhausting.

Your father looks like a good guy. He is going to be a good grampa!
Is your dad Barry from eastenders?
Your dad favors William Shatner.

Can you ask him to say, "DENNY CRANE!" In a yelling whisper?
This time he gets to do it right
With my daughter born a month ago I wish my dad was still alive. He would've loved it
Amazing. Congratulations to you!
Wallet worthy picture
Shit that picture made me cry.  I needed that, I'm going to call my dad after work tonight.
That’s gonna be a great grandpa there.
Your son will come to adore that photo just as much as you do. 

I have a photo just like that with my son and my mother, who was consumed by early onset dementia not long after and died a few years ago. My son is now 20 and we both treasure it. 

Congratulations.
Makes me feel like a POS for having no kids in my mid 30s and my parents are really old. I know they want grandkids
I'm sure someone has already said it but it looks like your dad is taking a big ol dook
r/happycryingdads
You probably never seen him so happy cause he hasn’t made a face like that since the day you were born, OP

Congrats to you and your family!!
Brought a tear to my eye. Congrats.
Babies are the best
I'm sure he looked like that when he first met you as well. So, it's the second time you saw him that happy - you just don't remember the first.
can you guys give me 60 downvotes i’m at 420
You did good OP
Cherish that moment my man. Cherish it.  Take as many photos of the 2 of them as possible, doing everything. My dad got sick right after my son was born and lasted 1 year. But that moment right there... I remember it well. Congrats.
dam this made my day
THAT IS SO ADORABLE.
This makes me wanna baby
Grandpa Shatner.
Congratulations! This is something I haven't/won't experience, but am beyond happy for you and your dad!
We just told our families that we were pregnant, and we are the first child from both of our families to have a kid. Everyone was excited, but my husband's dad literally just held me and wept... And he is not an emotional man. It totally took me off guard. He lost custody of all of his kids about 8 years ago, so I think he sees this as a second chance.
That’s what’s up.
F to show appreciation
He cryin. 
I cryin.
My dad passed away before we had our son, so I never got to see this moment. But I'm sure this is how he would have reacted.
Congrats to u and that happy g pa
Plot twist:
Grandpa: what have i brought upon this cursed land
Thanks for capturing and sharing such a beautiful moment!
Made my day!
Me, pleading with the baby not to shit on me
That's a proud papa
I bet your dad was just as happy when he met you for the first time.
/r/happycryingdads would love this
I mean, giving birth to someone, nurturing someone to the point that they feel confident in reproducing and being comfortable to tell you would make me the happiest man alive
Such s touching moment. Congratulations to all three of you!
That's cute!  They have the same look on their faces!
His thoughts: 
“You came from my son’s balls...and he came from MY balls. Life is so beautiful”
That is what your dad is thinking
christ, i hope my dad isnt that happy. i HATE crying in public...
Isn’t that Barry from Eastenders?
So beautiful man
Aw man, congrats. :) That makes me so happy to see. My first child (son) was born 2 months ago today. My dad passed away 7 years ago this week. He would have had the exact same reaction. You’re a lucky guy. :)
I love this pic so much
What a treasure! Beautiful picture.
r/happycryingdads
My dad passed away this week, before I got chance to have children. Thank you for sharing this picture as I like to think he would have looked like this. I’m not sure if you’ll see this message but congratulations on the beautiful baby, and for brightening my day.
I think it is only later in life one realizes the miraculous thing called life.  It is absolutely stunning that any life exists at all. 

You have such a beautiful baby. And the baby is sleeping so peacefully. They say every baby sees the face of God when they come into this world.
This just warmed my heart, what a beautiful moment :) congratulations to you all
I’m so excited to one day have this moment, that’s awesome.
Is your dad Randy from trailer park boys ?
Tell Pauley from goodfellas hey
God damn, i feel that. It sucks knowing my parents will probably never know that feeling. I hope they're ok with that
🎶Huuumaaaans aren't cuuuuute🎶
Idk why but I feel like my dad is just gonna say awwwweeeeeee followed by roasting my baby on site of meeting it
My dad rocked a pinky ring too.  I miss him.  Hug your pop brother.
The dad internally: **WAKE UP YA LITTLE SH-**
A bit over emotional like!
I'm so excited to introduce my baby to my mom. She's gonna lose it.
Beautiful scene. Congratulations.
Gerry has the best life in the office
Somebody please make gpa and grandson a “Proud Gpa” and Proud Grandson shirt! Sooo freaking cute.
Look at the cannon on dad there
Initially I thought your dad was sitting on a coffin. Idk
Congratulations to you and your family!
is your dad Garry, Jerry, Larry, Terry?
Kids for Karma
William Shatner is such a big softy
So, I've had major depression my whole life and is really love some insight into why people react like this to children or grandchildren. I held my baby daughter for the first time 14 years ago and felt nothing. I'd like to know what I'm missing :(
Just had a son as well \~5 mos. This is my Dad basically. It's like Grand Parents got their 2nd chance at being better parents.
So glad Terry Gergich has a new grandson
Is that shatter? :)
This is so sweet.  Took me right back to 1 year ago when I met my daughter's daughter for the first time.
Its Gary Gurgich
It's nice that he's finally found a baby he likes
Prolly thinking I can do it right this time around Now.
I couldn’t help myself from zooming in on your dad’s croch, the shame, the shame.
MEN
Congrats wat name did u decide on?
r/happycryingdads
What a great picture!!....memories!!
I wish my dad gave a shit when I had kids. This is wholesome as hell and I’m happy you got to experience that!
Very cute. Almost makes me feel bad for hating your dad Jerry Gergich.
now u cant be fkin other bitches tho, rip
Aww, congratulations. Ballbag.
Would be a pretty crazy feeling meeting your grandson for the first time. I mean, a long time ago, he was holding another baby, and that baby was you. Now, that baby has his own baby, and he's carrying him just like he did with you!
I think your dad is doing an impression of your child..
Unsubscribed
The upvotes are nice
This makes me feel warm.
MY HEART
Too bad I was r/raisedbynarcissists and have cut my narco parents off the second time in my sons two year life. Not putting up with your disrespect and disregard so you can play the cool grandparent game.
Wow beautiful baby!!! Aww your dad :)
This hits me right in the feels...congrats!
A very special moment
Kiss the ring
Must be nice having a father who gives a shit. It took my dad 5 months to meet his first grandson to share his last name, his first name, the first born son of his first born son, and probably the only male heir of his generation he’s gonna get because one of my brothers is a 37 year old teenager and the other is probably gay. 

Oh and he only came to visit as an afterthought bc his wife (stepmom) wanted to visit her sister. 

My son’s maternal grandparents travelled up from the same place (Florida, shocker), the minute they heard his mother went into labor.
He’s got some tight pants
Jesus this nearly brought me to tears
Congratulations! So sweet.
Jerry from parks and recreation
My mom wanted to be a grandmother so bad. Still those. She would have been a good one. 😥

 Then I ended up having a one-night stand with some girl I never plan to see again. Got pregnant. Hit me up for child support I can't afford. My then girlfriend I actually wanted to have a kid with then dumped me because she didn't want no baby mama drama (smart). And then I can't afford to do anything anymore anyways LOL. Ain't life a bitch. Sorry Mom ain't never going to be a grandma. Suck it up. 🤣🤣🤣
Congrats!
Congratulations on your new little man! I bet it feels fantastic! There's really no words. It's just all good. Enjoy this!!!!
OMG, the feels. Love. It. ❤️
So sweet! My dad will meet my son and his first grandson for the first time on sunday, we’re very excited!
That’s beautiful!
Big deal you came in someone, real accomplishment. /s

haha just kidding dude! congratz to the new addition to your family. May you all be happy and healthy.
This is wholesome as fudge.
I love this! It has all the feels. 💕
Dad just went into instant grandpa mode!
...I’d pinky swear but my pinky ring too big
I wonder how many more years have been she'd just by the beautiful moment you shared.
Can see yo dad’s ballz.
Absolutely incredible man, happy for you bro.
Wholesome
Your dad looks like the offspring of William Shatner and Patton Oswald. So is he a comedian who captains a starship? Because that would be pretty awesome.
Tell your baby I said happy birthday! :3
Happy? Aww you tried a bamboozle, didn't you! He's clearly crying!
If someone asked for a photographic definition of pure happiness, you have your photo.
Accrual you have OP. The fat *you* were born.
Reminds me of when my dad first met my nephew. He couldn't let go of him, he told me "My heart is full..."

He's a bit dramatic, but still, it was a touching moment.
is he crying in joy? i would too.
I normally downvote everything in this sub that isn't a fuzzy animal, but this is a worthy exception.
I can see the head!
Congrats man, I don't know you, but still. Good luck
Is that Francisco?
This is such a beautiful photo
r/whosesome
God bless you guys
You’ve never seen him that happy because the last time he was that happy was when he had you. It’s a special kind of happiness you only feel a handful of times in your life. Congratulations OP!
Your dad looks like Randy from Trailer Park Boys, great pic though.
Dad internally: “I cry for you grandson, I know what kind of man I created.”
Aww, you're dad looks so happy
He's not crying about the baby. He's crying because he raised a son that gifted him a grandson. His hard work paid off.

Confrats.
That looks like Jerry from PnR
That's ptsd flashbacks
r/happycryingdads
r/dadswhodidnotwantgrandk- oops wrong sub
r/dadswhodidnotwantgrandkids
Dad: we are not getting a baby
Family: gets baby anyways
Dad and baby:
Sweet
Is your dad Ray Liotta
I was not emotionally prepared for this photo 😭
Is your dad the chap from Wheeler Dealers?
Your dad must be a good listener.
Your dad needs some bigger pants unless hes going for the vasectomy affect.
Your dad looks like jerry from Paris and rec
Lord I got the feelz
My poor dad will never see my.kids becuz one i dont have any and he is already dead....your lucky enjoy these moments
That is so Awesome!!!!!
He looked at you the same when you were born!!!
Congrats Grandpa!

Oh yeah, and you too,  Mr & Mrs OP.
Man that is awesome I'd like to think that if my pops were here when my kiddos were born he would have had a similar experience. Great photo brother and congrats, journey has just begun.
I imagine the last time he was this happy you were the baby.
You just couldn't see (literally) the last time he was that happy ❤️
I wish i could have a moment like this one day
Accidental Jerry
Congrats bro
Welcome to the club.
Congratulations!
Larry’s a grandpa.
N i c e B u l d g e
Future buddy trouble makers right there.
You have seen him that happy, you just don’t remember because you were a baby!
They kind of look alike, don’t they?
I'm about to break up with my boyfriend. Thanks for the much needed smile & reminder of the beauty of true love
Hold on , your dad is bill shattner
This is lovely.  Lucky grandbaby!
Ope’ wish my dad was still alive.
Such a beautiful picture!! No one could understand this much better than the grand father himself. The joy and happiness one can experience is the best thing to happen
Frigoff Ricky! 

Jokes aside, awesome to see. Congrats!
beautiful
No socks
I speak from experience, once you give them grandchildren you are chopped liver. My dad would call just to talk to my son.
He looks like phil swift. 

A more happy phil swift
That is exactly how I felt when I met my granddaughter. If we all knew that love, I'm convinced we could accomplish world peace.

Congrats on your new son, and on having an awesome dad!
Pinky ring game strong, I hope he passes this on to your son.
I saw a side of my dad I'd never seen before when he met my baby daughter for the first time.  Every time he sees her he's a totally different person than I'm used to seeing.  I like to watch him when he's holding her because it's... just cute watching my papa make faces and googoo gaga at my baby :)
That's pure love.
Never seen your dad this happy?  I'm sure you have, you just don't remember it.  

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Wait, can babies even see at this age?
This is so wholesome
Ugh stop crying on the baby Gerald/Garry/Jerry/Larry/Terry Gengurch/Gergich.
Your dad reminds me of Garry from Parks and rec. Also, congratulations :)
I wish my dad wasn't human garbage.
Agent Schrader
That's an awesome picture! Congratulations!
Dad bulge
This is awesome!
Is that Jerry?
Is that Farva?
Congratulations.. And do all Dad's dress the same?
Been 15 months and my mom hasn’t even remembered her first grandsons name. Enjoy these moments!!
You need to talk softly to him and pat his bum to get him to stop crying.

But it's perfectly fine if you don't, too.
Happy for finally got laid lol
Aww. Congrats
Can guess the last time your dad felt so happy was when he met you the first time.
I'll never forget the tears of joy running down my cheeks when I held my son and in later years my granddaughter for the first time.
Oh man, this is just beautiful. 
Congrats, dude! 

All the best to you and yours!
he’s remembering holding you
I like his shoe laces
You might not have seen him that happy before, but I bet he must have been just as happy, if not more, holding you for the first time.
OP clearly can't remember when his dad first met him. Equally happy.
Hmm looks family both chubby and red :p Cute <3
Probably thinking about holding you when you were tiny. 🥰
He won’t be happy in 14 years, pullout
Not gonna lie, at first I though this was Patton Oswalt and his daughter Alice!
when did aww become babies?
It probably reminds him of when he first held you. He looks very proud grandpapa.
I'm crying.
Awww congratulations! Me and my husband are due with our first in December and I’m so excited for my parents to meet their first grandbaby! Enjoy the journey friend!
There is NOTHING more awesome than seeing your grandson for the first time....I have 3 grandsons myself.
Yep, never have I ever seen my dad's face get so red from happiness until the day their first grandchild was born (luckily it was my son).
[removed]
That legit made me get tears in my eyes.
That is just pure joy and gratitude overflowing.
You don't remember it but when you were a baby and your dad first saw you his face was probably the same. <3
Made me get tears in my eyes!!!!! Yay Grandpa!!!
