Congratulations my fellow American 

Don’t forget to treat yourself as well
Such a big deal, amazing!
There is something deeply touching about seeing someone come from another country, and upon seeing a creature in need on his front porch, immediately taking it in and caring for it.

Congratulations, you are a testament to the human spirit, my friend.

Edit: Thanks for the awards, guys! I'm just glad my comment could have so much positivity.
This kind of reaction has blown me away! It is overwhelming. Thank you from the bottom of my heart for you encouraging and awesome comments fellow Reddit users . I am a proud US citizen and animal lover. More info about Camila my cat: she was only around three months old when I found her . She was underweight  and had several red spots due to flea infestation. I took care of her and nowadays, she is a joyful pet... btw I will give her cat nip instead of raw fish based on some comments . Have a wonderful day tomorrow guys
 Thank you so much. I believe in destiny and my destiny is to have a long time great companion in the form of a little furry creature!
It's a great day!! For you, the USA and that sweet cat!! Congratulations!
Congratulations!
Congrats to you both! May both your futures be positive and uplifting!
Congrats man! Welcome home.
Congratulations !! Please reconsider the raw fish treat , it can carry bacteria that leads to food poisoning.
Thank you for coming here and joining us! May your contribution continue to make us all stronger and better people.
Congratulations!
One of us! One of us! 

But really, congratulations and welcome home. You and your blessed kitty are very very welcome here.
Big days all around! Seriously really happy for you, I’ve seen my dad cry exactly twice in my life, when we had to put down the family dog, and when he became a US citizen. Proud to call you my countryman!
Congrats!
Congratulations on your achievement!  


P.S: Fish is not a natural part of the cat's diet and can cause diarrhea and hair loss, it's better to buy tuna in water and draining the water onto the cat's food.
[deleted]
I am proud to have you as a fellow citizen. 

You are kind enough to take in a friend in need, AND you know how to use “whom” correctly. 

We’re lucky to have you. Best of luck!
Congratulations and good on you! I know the road to becoming a citizen is a long and difficult - and sometimes frustratingly complex - path. You and your sweet kitty deserve a night of celebration!
Congrats, your ambition, drive and willingness to take risks is part of what the American Dream is all about. You and your kitty should be proud.
I'm sure that was a very long process, congratulations!
yeah dude cats are cool
I see that red, white, and blue outfit you're rocking. :) Congrats man.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING!!!!?????

I juuuuuuuust came back from a naturalization ceremony on Constitution Day.  The VERRRRRRRRRRY first thing the director of UCIS said was DO NOT POST PHOTOS OF YOURSELF WITH YOUR CERTIFICATE ON SOCIAL MEDIA.  Bro, you're holding up a document with allllllllllllllllllll of your personal info on it and broadcasting it to the world.  The only things ID thieves need are your name and DOB. The doc you're holding up has more than that on it, plus your photo.  I get that its a low quality photo, but who knows what kind of image software people have out there these days?
You and your cat are the most beautiful things I've ever seen
First. Congratulations!

Second, I scrolled through the replies and I am very happy to see no negative comments.  Nice work fellow commenters.
>unsubs from /r/pics.

>this post.

God.  **Damnit.**
Very cool. Lucky friend.
Congratulations!
Congratulations and welcome to the melting pot! Where are you from originally and were you able to keep that citizenship as well? It's nice that you and your cat found each other. Sometimes we need them as much as they need us.
I love my cat what I can say. I post also travel video and stuff . Who cares dude!
Female, orange kitties are pretty uncommon! Congrats on your citizenship! How exciting!
What country did you move from?
Congrats. You are the hope and future of this country. I'm proud to have you with us.
Congratulations! What a beautiful pic with your buddy ♥️♥️
Where you from buddy? Welcome to America!
We're proud to have you, fellow American!!
True but she does love me. She purr several times per day. She loves to stop by and lick me and try to play . She has plenty of energy
Hahaha yes indeed. It looks like she did not want to be in the picture lol
Her long-cat-con of six years has finally paid off...
Yay! Good for you! Welcome and make yourself at home. Beautiful cat.
Congrats! Both of you look very happy!! ❤️
[deleted]
Congrats my friend, out of curiosity where are you migrating from?
Hey man glad to have ya.
Welcome to America! You're a kind, gentle man. The cat loves you!!
Just wanna say love the suit very nice
So sweet! Good Luck
Congratulations & she looks proud of you as well.
i think your kindness to your cat is admirable
Congratulations!!
This is freaking adorable
Congrats!
Congrats! I would love to hear what the process was like for you. I keep hearing the politicians talking about legal immigration and I know there’s a lot of skewed information. I would love to hear what you went through if you’re willing to share!
Congratulations and welcome!!!
So proud of you! We are a better people now with you as part of us.
Youre the kind of person this nation needs.
Congratulations! ❤🥰🤗
Congratulations!
Congratulations!!!! I dig the outfit!!!
People from other countries: what makes America so beautiful 🥺
Congratulations! Well deserved!! 

Btw- that subwoofer would sound a lot better on the ground :)
This is such a cute picture! Congratulations!
Congratulations on your citizenship and being adopted by your cat!   Two very momentous occasions. 😀
Congrats on becoming a citizen and your newest member of you family.  This is awesome news!
Congrats brother! What s great cat! Here's to you and your pal having the best time!
Very happy for you! And your cat lol. Congratulations!
Welcome aboard, damn glad to have you.
Kudos and congrats....to both of you.  :)
Congratulations!
U have every reason to be proud & I am quite proud of u, as well! I know that naturalized citizens are required to learn SO MUCH more than native-born Americans do to graduate high school & college ( if not  political science majors & the like). I know for a fact that u know more about our government & our history than the current POTUS & his ilk. I wish I could meet u to give u a  hearty, congratulatory hand-shake. I'm so glad u met someone here who has been a hard to become a citizen. U 2 look as if u 2 were just meant to be in each other's lives!
Is this fucking /r/pics now?
Congrats!!
Congratulations!🎊🎈
Welcome and proud to have you! 🇺🇸 😸
Congratulations on the citizenship and finding this lovely baby.
Welcome fellow citizen and cat lover. I wish you and your feline owner the best.
Congrats dude...
Congrats!
Great work! Welcome.
Congratulations from another female orange cat owners. They are so special and not just because they are rare. My girl is so different than any other cat I have owned.
That is awesome about the cat (mine respond most to tuna and salmon, although I've always felt like snapper is tragically underrated fish meat), and in regards to your citizenship status: welcome, and I promise our government isn't always this loony.
I have a big ol' crush on you and your cat.
Congratulations!!! And I’m sure your little buddy will love her treat!!! 😊
How did you do it?  Congrats!!
She looks very proud of you!!
Dude have you ever seen The Wire? You look like Mcnulty
Welcome! Now all of the world's problems are your fault, too! Hooray!
I recommend cooking the fish. 

Raw fish can have parasites.
Congrats dude! And thank you for saving your kitty! My kitty was a rescue from outside too. She's a bitch sometimes but I love her all the same. :)
Congratulations! I can’t imagine how difficult it must be moving to a whole new country, AND going through the citizenship process (which I know takes years in this country).
True statement . You never know what  post would become viral. When I grew up, I thought I was very ugly . Since then, I just did not care for what people think of me . Did my post deserved this kind of reaction? noooo . But I think is it because of the love for animals plus the the fact US citizens value someone who is legal and become citizen .
You are awesome! Your cat is awesome! Welcome to America, friend.
Congrats! The cat’s Bright-Eyed and Bushy-Tailed !!!
Congrats! You were an American before you were a citizen :)
Congratulations!
Welcome!
Welcome to you and congratulations! I hope you and your kitty are happy here!
Congratulations!
Welcome! This country is so much richer with you as a citizen. I hope you and your kitty friend have nothing but the brightest days together.
Welcome fellow citizen! Hope you register to vote!
Congratulations!
Congrats!
Welcome home.
This is awesome!

On a side note, I hope you checked her for a microchip to make sure she is not someone else's cat in the neighborhood.
A citizen AND a cat owner?

You're crushing it man.
My sister and my brother in law had their immigration interview today. They drove 5 hours and paid for their lawyer to fly out there. 4 hours before the interview was supposed to start the lawyers office called and said they just recieved mail that morning that the interview was canceled. They were pissed, and now they have to pay for the whole thing again whenever they get a new interview date. Im happy for you op, and welcome to the shit show.
I’m American and going to become a Mexican citizen. I hope people congratulate me.
If you are a US citizen, please vote and be responsable for our country!
Congrats dude
She looks like she can already smell the fish
Every new American gets a cat, as is tradition.
That is a really beautiful post, dude.  Congrats to you on your new citizenship.  I became a US Citizen in.....200........8, maybe?  I can't remember.  But it was such a profound moment - even here in shitty Arkansas.  It is a strange and powerful moment.  Looks like you have the right crew to celebrate with!!
Welcome to the family. Please use your newfound rights to improve the lives of those around you.
Grats but don’t do it. Once cats have had a taste for it they forever crave that shit
Congratulations!!
May our future country do a better job of welcoming you. Until then congratulations on a long sought goal and welcome to our jungle. It may not seem like it always but the country is pleased you are here. Please ignore the assholes.
People like you are what make America truly great! Thanks for having faith in our country, despite its many failures. Hopefully we can work together to enact change! Never forget you are *welcome* here!!! Thank you!
Those cat's eyes are so giant!
Congrats I'm kind of proud of you for going through the legal process it proves you respect the country. Since you went through the legal process I can tell your serious about living here so welcome, you're an American like the rest of us now. I really hope america lives up to your expectations!

(I also really love the cat super cute and reminds me of mine)
Congratulations my fellow American, and our country is made that much greater by people like you. So happy for you today, and every day!
Congratulations and welcome!
Congratulations!!!
Congrats my brother!
Congratulations and welcome. You seem like the kind of person that will make this country even better.
Congratulations!!!
congratulations to you and your cat. you forgot to mention her name.
Congrats and that's a pretty kitty!
Glad to have you! And your sweet little friend is adorable.
Congratulations!!! Welcome to the land of waffle House and gun debates :p

Cute cat
Congrats. Noone can resist a man who loves cats.
Congrats my dude!
Congrats, man, from your Canadian neighbours!
Congrats dude!
Congrats on your citizenship!
Welcome.. Both of you!
Congrats 🥳
So happy for you!
Congratulations, my fellow American :) glad to have you
Congratulations I became one October 2007
Welcome home!
You look sharp my dude congrats and welcome to the club
Congratulations!!
Congratulations to both of you!
this is really wholesome
Congrats! I hope I can share this happiness with you soon ! Still waiting on my interview to become a citizen!
Congratulations! She is beautiful!
congrats
Congratulations.  Why is the subwoofer on the desk and not the floor?
Congrats to you both!
Welcome home!
Welcome home!
So happy for you!!! I have 2 uncles who immigrated and then found my lovely aunts. Both from places that are vilified by the current administration and society. (Mexico and Jordan - after 9/11 I was very scared for the people I love and still am) They both helped me appreciate where I was born so much more than my peers. I grew up with citizenship papers being framed and displayed as a normal thing. I hate that it is so hard to become one of us these days but I am so happy when someone is able to jump the ridiculous hurdles to come to a country of immigrants.
[removed]
I have no doubt she will enjoy that in a pretty serious way. Congratulations friend. Best to the both of ya!
Congratulations! And super cute little lady there!
People you have to sort this by controversial
Yeah, yeah, becoming a US citizen is cool and all... but the really impressive thing is getting a cat to pose so well for a picture.

When we say bring the best and brightest, we weren't expecting literal super heroes.
Me too I became a citizen today! Hooray!
Congrats on youre new citizenship
Welcome to the USA, fellow citizen!
CONGRATULATIONS 🎉🎉🎉
Hello. I was born and raised in Colombia
Welcome home my freind. Nothing but the best.
Congratulations!  You now know more about the US Government than the US President.
Doing it right like a True American . Not the easy way like some socialist handout seeking scumbag
Congratulations!! I am so happy for you! The amount of work and dudiligence that is required to achieve this moment is quite ridiculous.  It should not be this tough! You know you are officially American because you have a free loading bastard that expects everything for free.... even though Hes a cute free loader, he will still eat better than you in the tough times. Lol . Welcome Sir! You most likely have more pride in this country then most of the people who were born into it.
Congratulations! What a lucky little kitty! And I  am glad she showed you the love they can give!!
I will vote for sure . That is our responsibility as US citizens. Have a great day
That's awesome! They make it WAY too difficult and stressful to come to this country legally. I'm glad you're beaming with pride and that you have someone Awesome to celebrate with ❤️😊😁👍
[removed]
Congratulations! Welcome to the American experiment, still ongoing. Mostly progress, a few setbacks, but we continue to march forward.
So happy for you and your little friend! Welcome, fellow citizen!
Congratulations. It's a long process, and in glad you came out on the other side
Congratulations! What an accomplishment!
As someone who's wife is currently trying this, congrats!!! Way to go.
Welcome, home! Proud to have great people coming to U.S.A.!!!
Welcome to the neighborhood!
Grats!!
Congratulations, cute fLoOF!
Congrats!
Congratulations,
Congratulations! And what a cute kitty!
Congratulations!!!! Good for you and your cat too!
congrats, my dude
Congrats!
Congrats! (Concats!)
Welcome home.
Sweet!  That's a great achievement!
Congratulations!
Congratulations dude!
Congrats man!
Congratulations! :)
Congratulations! You must be very proud :)
Purrfect friend to celebrate with.
Congratulations!
Congratulations!

Men who like cats are good people.
Congrats on being a US citizen I’m glad for you,
Congratulations!  Welcome!
Congratulations!
Congratulations!
Congratulations!!!!
Congratulations! Your little friend is very lucky to have you in her life.
Congratulations sir and welcome!

Beautiful cat.
Congratulations!! Welcome my fellow American!!!!
Congrats, mate! Best of luck to ya!
Congratulations!  Welcome friend!  May you and your furry friend's future's be bright and unlimited in potential!
Gratz on citizenship. I for one am glad to have you as one.
congratulations! to becoming a US citizen and giving your new friend a home.
Congratulations!! Welcome!
Welcome to the best country, brother!
[removed]
Go back to your damn country! Which is the u.s. of fucking A, welcome brother!
You know, you don't have to be a citizen to feed your cat raw fish.
Congratulations maybe I can send you some American grown catnip to celebrate
Congratulations to both of you!
Congrats OP and May ALL your American Dreams come TRUE!
[deleted]
I thought Ashton Kutcher was already citizen of the United States. Congrats dude.
[removed]
Thank you for your faith in the USA. I hope we someday deserve it once again.
Wtg man and welcome!
Happy citizenship day! And I’m so happy you and your little fur baby found each other.
Congratulations! Maybe some purchased cat treats for your helper? Welcome to both of you.
super proud of your accomplishments, congrats!
Congratulations and welcome ❤️💙
As an import from another country, welcome to America!
Congratulations
Welcome, brother.
Congrats dude, welcome the the US Citizen and Orange Cat Daddy Club!
Congratulations! 
Good lookin' cat
Where are you from?
Congratulations and hope she enjoyed her fish 😍
CONGRATULATIONS!!! I hope you enjoy being a citizen of the United States!
A big congratulations to you! Such a fantastic accomplishment! Give your fuzzy friend plenty of love!
Congrats! I've heard from friends that the test is terrible, something most of us actual citizens probably couldn't pass! I'm so happy for you and your adorable little friend!
And, --how did she like it?
Congratulations! I know how long and arduous that process can be, so happy for you!
As a fellow US citizen, I am so happy that you are in our(That's me and you)country.
Congratulations and welcome!  Nicely done :)
Welcome home! Just the kind of fellow American I want... an animal lover :)
Congratulations 🍾🎊🎉 on your achievements; both becoming a U.S. citizen AND a cat lover!!!
Welcome home bud.
Congratulations, fellow American :) Please share your loyal friend's reaction to their treat!
God bless you, and America and all of us. It gets better bro, right now ain’t great but being American, over all, is fucking amazing.
Welcome aboard. Please vote.
Congratulations to you both for the wonderful "firsts" in your lives! Thank you for looking after your little feline friend, too! I'm glad to know I get to share this country with such a kind hearted person!
Congrats on your new status!!
Congratulations 😻😻😻
HELL YEA 
WELCOME BROTHER 🇺🇸🇺🇸
I'm in the process of becoming a citizen, and seeing this brings a tear to my eye. Congrats :)
Congratulations fellow American!
Damn dude, props to you. My parents have been in the US for over 25 years and they still don’t have their citizenship lol
Congratulations, and that means that it's highly likely that you know more about American history & civics than most of the people who grew up here :-)
deported
So we can all agree that coming the legal way and getting a cat is good for Reddit? Right??
Right on man! Welcome to being a US citizen. Doing it legally and professionally I’m sure gives you a great sense of accomplishment. Don’t let the media tell you that Americans hate immigrants... I’m married to one and wish the best for you on your future!
Congratulations and welcome to the family. We're a bit dysfunctional at times, but overall pretty awesome. Glad to have you!
Welcome to the shit show.
I know you’ve been told this literally a thousand times over already and that me saying this probably doesn’t mean jack shit to anybody but really, congrats. I don’t know what made you come to America, but whatever it is, good on you man. I hope you enjoy life to the fullest here and take advantage of what this country has to offer.
Welcome! And vote!
Congrats big dog. USA is numero uno and you are a G
Welcome to the insanity! And congrats 😊
What America is all about.  Legal immigration.
I will never not upvote this. Thank you for choosing our country, you are truly welcome.
Congratulations and welcome home!
Congratulations and welcome!
Congrats, welcome home.
Welcome Home, brother.
Welcome home, fellow American!
Congrats brother, welcome home.
Welcome home!
This cringe in this sub reddit , are you for real ...
Congrats man! I hope you and your furry friend a good future! As a naturalized citizen myself, I hope America will turn things around so that the struggle to get in is worth it.
Welcome home!
welcome to the best country on earth
Congratulations now go out and buy a gun like a real American
Raw fish time boiiisssssss
I thought you could only take them with raw fish to begin with?
Wow this Garfield remake looks great.
You and your cat are awesome!!!
Awww too cute !
Oh you're going to be her favouritest ever. If you weren't already. Congrats on your achievement!
Wait a minute, I had something for this..
Congrats to both of you
Congratulations!!!!!!!!!
Congrats and thank you for becoming a citizen! 🎉
Congratulations.
Congratulations my friend! You should be very proud of yourself! 
And OMG he is such a cute kitty!!
Congrats!
Congratulations!  Best celebratory buddy ever.
Congrats
Congratulations!!!
Congratulations!
Welcome friend! What's the little cat's name? 😊
Awesome man!
Good for you! Congratulations!
Well done my friend.
Congrats!
Congrats
 Congrats
Welcome! Glad to have you!
How did you become a US citizen?
Congratulations man
Congrats!  So proud for you!
Congratulations!
Congratulations, and welcome to America!!
Congrats!
he's gonna see a side of that cat he didn't know was there
Welcome to America, my friend
 
Your cat is very cute
Welcome to America!
What’s her name? Also congratulations!
she is golden
Aww - congratulations to you!! 🎉🎉🎉
Your kitty is ADORABLE. Orange girl cats are fairly rare. What is your little cutie’s name?
Congratulations man! She looks so proud!
Welcome!
Congratulations, u/Cesaramoga! I am so very happy for you and your best little friend!
How’d you get your cat to pose like that lol
Congratulations!! 😺
Congratulations!
Congratulations sir! May you and your feline friend love long and prosper
Congrats my fellow patriot! :)

&#x200B;

.....did you see Ethan and Hila?
Congratulations! 🎉
Congratulations and welcome.
WELCOME TO AMERICA
Congratulations!!! Welcome to the club!!!
Congrats, friend! 🤗
Got. Damn! Welcome to America you cutie. We’re all happy to have you 😍🙈
Congrats!!!!!  And what a cute kitty!  

Things are not the best in this Country, but register to vote, sorry about Jury Duty and vote.  Care to share your country of origin?
Congratulations! I welcome you, fellow American.
Dude, congratulations on your new citizenship and friend. Glad to have you.
Congrats! And welcome brother.
Congrats!!!    


Welcome to the party!!
Well this is just wonderful in every way. Congrats! Let us know how she likes the fish!
Congratulations!!! That's not an easy task! And yaaay to your kitty! You both have new homes, but are one family  ^_^
 Congratulations on both your citizenship and your adoption by such a sweet girl.
I used to be a dog person until a homeless cat found me. Now I’m a cat person also :) I never knew they were so fun! congratulations on your citizenship !
Congrats
I hate to tall you this but most fish is bad for cats and can cous problems in the long run, you should give it some fish with low mercury
Those brown tabby's are so sweet
Welcome! And congratulations on the new critter! :)
The cat, and the story behind how you met her, make this so much better
Congrats friend
She looks Soo proud of you. Good job.
Outstanding, congratulations!!!
Congrats!!!!
Congratulations and welcome!
Welcome aboard, Captain!  Wonderful picture here. Better frame it so you can enjoy it when you're older. Well done.
Congratulations!
She looks like gold! Congratulations to your new citizenship, and to your new (relatively) cat!
Get ready for raw shits bro! Congratulations on your citizenship!
I am proud to have you fellow cat lover! WELCOME ABOARD! :D
congrats! and thats a very beautiful cat:)
Way to go man! Welcome home!
Welcome!
My only regret is that I have but 1 upvote to give
*who
Congratulations on both being chosen by yr lovely cat and also on becoming a U.S. citizen! May your life be full and happy!  Xxx
Really happy you’re here, man. Hope I bump into you some day!
Welcome brother!
Did she help you study? She looks so wise.
Welcome to our nation, my fellow American!
Congratulations on becoming a US citizen and having such a lovely companion to help you celebrate.

Welcome to my country. I am glad you are here.
Congratulations!!
Congratulations!! Great job dude! Very happy for you and your cat. :)
congratulations!
Nice house/room
Welcome home, my brother. You, and your lovely little fur friend, are awesome. I love you both. Congrats, guys! 💜💙❤
Congratulations to both of you.
congrats!
I love everything about this post.  Congratulations!
Welcome, citizen! Cat is nice too.
Welcome to murica
Thanks for caring for the cat. You have been upgraded to Super Citizen.
Amazing photo. Congratulations and welcome.
ONE LOVE!
Congratulations!
Congrats!! :)
Female orange cat?!  That’s rare. 80% of orange cats are male. Cool!
Omg I love everything about this. She was a “welcome to being a US citizen” gift from the universe if you believe in that. If you don’t, then she’s just a cool cat. 
Either way, congratulations!!!! Go treat yourselves today :)
Congrats!!!
Congratulations!
Congrats on your citizenship! We’re glad you’re here :) your cat is adorable. I hope she enjoys her fish.
Brah, that cat’s up to something
Nice I’m next
Congrats!  And thank you for taking care of your baby :-)
Congrats, fellow American!
I love her surprised expression! Hahaha. May you two be friends for eternity. 😸
I dont know you OP but this photo makes me genuinely happy! Congratz and give the kitty extra fish for me!
CONGRATULATIONS my fellow American!!
Welcome, my friend. We’re happy to have you here. Give the little one the bestest of raw fish.
Congratulations!
I don’t think I’ve ever seen a female orange cat, she’s so beautiful
Congratulations on your big achievement and welcome to the United States, my friend. Hope you feel at home.
Congratulations! I deeply respect a person that goes through the process and achieves that piece of paper. Not sure if it’s the same for everyone but the people I know had to spend years jumping through hoops and giving pieces of themselves just for a chance to have a chance.
Hell Yeah Brother. Welcome my fellow American. I must say, cats are awesome and may you prosper sir.
Congratulations and welcome!!!!
Congratulations! You are an inspiration!
Congratulations to you both!
Congratulations, and welcome!
My mom just became an US citizen as well, so I extended our congratulations to you.
Congratulations! Your little friend is adorable!
Congratulations!!!
Yay! Congratulations Man! And that cat will be very happy!
Congratulations and welcome!
congratulations! Welcome to America!
Fantastic and congratulations!
Congratulations!!! This makes my heart so happy.
Making me miss my cat in cali when I couldn't take her with me. Good luck man wish all the best. Cats are great and have their own personality.
Congratulations!!
Congrats! That cat is family!
Welcome!
She is a lucky girl! Congratulations my friend! Welcome.
Congratulations and welcome to the family!
We welcome you fellow American!!!! Both fur citizens and hoomans alike
Congratulations!
Welcome home handsome man :)
Welcome to the party friend!
Congrats my dude, I understand that's an arduous process for people who weren't born into it!
Welcome!
[deleted]
She is beautiful. You are too. Congratulations.
Congrats!  Where are you originally from?  Just curious, not looking to judge or anything.
Congratulations, to one of my newest fellow citizens!   
Welcome!
Welcome to the US brother. I hope you’ll love it here as much as I do
HeS tAkiNg OuR jObS!!!
Congratulations!!!
IRS: no backsies!
Man, I had a female orange tabby growing up. I have never met a better animal. I’m pretty sure they know how unique they are. Shows how lucky you really got! Congrats to you
Congratulations! Thanks for being a genuinely nice person as well :)
congratulations brother
Welcome home brother!
Congratulations on being so handsome (and also the citizenship)!
Congrats and welcome! We can always use another cat lover!
Congratulations!
First time today
You are the kindest type of person. We need you and exactly this outlook.
Wholesome
Congrats! That had to be a pretty grueling process I'm glad you were able to do it.
There’s nothing I don’t love about this!
Just don’t give her squid it can hurt cats
Congratulations!!
Congratulations!
Congratulations, its a long process, but hopefully at the end of the day you will have decided it was worth the effort.
Awesome brozilla. Some sweet art you have hanging up behind you. And cats find servants, you don't find them haha.
Who else is in love with her eyes ?
That's a damn fine kitty cat
Congratulations 💕💕
I have pleasantly found that none of my cats have any interest in raw fish even though in my brain I really think they'll love it.
Congratulations! Aaaww, you can see how proud she is of her dad.
Congrats!!!
Congratulations!!! Keep the good energy going!
Great pic! Your cat's expression is timeless!
Welcome my friend! Please register to vote and make your voice heard in your new home! I hope you enjoy it, countryman!
Congrats!
Congratulations! And a very dapper photo as well
Welcome home, my friend! We're so glad to have you here!

^(P.S. Give her a good pet for me!)
I kept holding the upvote button waiting for it to change into an FB love emoticon.
That is awesome, congratulation! And THANK YOU for going through official channels. I have heard from close friends that it can be a bureaucratic nightmare. Respect to you and welcome!
Welcome
Gratz also Looks like you might got some r/battleships material behind you
Just watch out for those cold bastards with ICE.
Congratulations & welcome!        
She is a beauty. Happy you found each other.
Congratulations! Amazing photo
Congrats homie!!!!! We are so lucky to have you here ❤️
Congratulations to you and your kitty! She looks so cute!
Congratulations lad and best of luck with it all
You look great my friend....And so does the guy behind you.  Congrats you two.
Welcome home!
I can’t handle the cute little pose your cat is doing! Congratulations!
Love your cat. Welcome fellow countryman.
We are happy to have you here.
Awww congrats!!!
Great for you brah! Congrats...glad to have you
Now you can eat as much as you can this Thanksgiving.
r/cuteguyswithcats

Congrats! I just lost my baby ginger snap kitty and this brought a smile to my face. You’re both very photogenic!
Congratulations!!
Admit it. The real reason you wore the tie was to impress the cat.
Welcome home buddy! I'm glad you're here!
you look like the more-handsome version of the chap that played Carlos Lehder in *Narcos*

also, to the human -- congrats on your citizenship. we're happy to have you. forever.
Welcome & Congratulations
Yayy!! Congrats fellow citizens! Meow!
I like the rug. 

CONGRATS!
Not sure if you will reply but first CONGRATS!!! I'm an aussie taking mine end of the year. I was wondering what helped you successfully study? Any info is appreciated
Congratulations!!!
Why does this look like a painting?
Your cat must be so proud of you!
Congratulations, and welcome aboard! It’s always wonderful to hear about people passing their citizenship tests, since there is such a high failure rate. Congratulations again!
Welcome aboard!
Congrats man! Once a ‘Merican always a ‘Merican!
Congrats my dude, from one kitty liver to another, welcome to North America
Congrats. The colors/lighting on the picture makes the both of you look like cardboard cutouts.
Congratulations on becoming an American‼️ You are blessed, and so is your pretty little fur baby❣️
Congratulations!  I wish I felt prouder of the country you're joining.  But it's stories like this that make this place great.  

Your adopting that cute kitty and spoiling it rotten makes us all a little better than we were before.  

Glad you're here.  Hope we live up to the standard you're setting.
Was this in Houston? I think I saw you haha.

edit:

OP Delivers: https://i.imgur.com/RNU6hcA.png
Congrats dude!
Peaches?
Congrats!
Welcome brother!
Congratulations and welcome! You join us at an odd time, but we’re glad to have you. One of us! One of us!
[deleted]
Congratulations
Congratulations! Welcome and hope your dreams come true!🇺🇸
Congrats!
Welcome, and best wishes to you and your new family member.
Congratulations! Such hard work to gain citizenship. Sending you a big, American high-five!
Congratulations 🎉🗽 I'm happy for you. Such an awesome moment.🐈
Wholesome
Sick outfit
Welcome home my friend. I’m glad to call you a brother and a fellow American.

Also, cute cat.
Dont give raw fish it could have parasites.

Get her a can of plain sardines.

Now welcome, happy to have you here, any friend of a cat or a dog or any animal is a friend of mine.
Am I sick because I came here for the comment graveyard?
Congratulations on both!!
She's funny lookin I love her
Congratulations
Double congratulations!
I know this takes a tremendous amount of time and effort to accomplish so congrats!!
Awesome!!
She need her Omega 3.
Warning! She might not ever stop asking for the fish once you give it to her. Do it tho
congratulations, to both of you! enjoy your new home :)
Congrats friend. Glad to call you my neighbor
Congratulations on becoming a citizen, and congratulations on making friends with this fine feline.  You've done well for yourself, welcoming this cat into your life.
Congratulations 🎈that kitty 🐱 is just shocked :)
Congrats man, I bet your human is excited for you as well!
You need the freedom dividend r/yangforpresidenthq
Congratulations to you.  On your citizenship and your cat.
welcome to america enjoy your time here and congrats on the citizenship!
Congratulations man!!
Welcome. I hope you can help us fellow americans, make america great again
Congratulations! Stick with regular cat food. Your new best friend will thank you!
Congrats but there's a very real chance that cat already belongs to someone.
Congratulations to you and your little friend.🍻
My interview is tomorrow!!!
Congratulations to you!! Also we have the same rug 😆
We’re delighted to have you; thank you for your faith in our ideals!!
I'm Canadian, but welcome nonetheless!
Congratulations!!! Very proud of you!!
Congrats and welcome.
Congratulations! On the citizenship AND for finally knowing the magic of cats.
Cool cat
How much did it cost to become a citizen?  Once you complete the application, how long does it take to become a citizen?
Welcome fellow citizen. Please vote.
r/aww fish
Congratulations!
Welcome home! What an accomplishment! Your fellow redditors are proud. :)
Congratulations!!!!🎉🎊🎈🍾
Aww! Way to go!
Congrats!!
I am always very curious where people come from. You look Latino? (And very cute 🥰)
Congrats welcome to the shit show dont forget to vote!
Congrats my Friend !!  Love the Kitty!!  May you and you furry buddy have amazing Days ahead! 😊😊
Hopefully your cat will actually like raw fish. A lot don't.
Congratulations Chief!
Congratulations!! Hope you have a wonderful life with your new friend.
This image looks retro.
Welcome!
Welcome to the club!!
Thank you for sharing. Congrats on becoming a citizen, but even more, for becoming someone’s entire world. 🙏🏻
Congratulations. That's a heck of a suit. Give the cat a scratch behind the ears for all of us.
Proud to call you my countryman! Congratulations on your journey, just in time to have your voice heard and counted! See you at the polls sir!
welcome!!!
Mazel tov!!!!!
Congratulations! I'm so excited for you!!
That's fucking awesome.  Welcome to America, you already made a friend!
I'm proud of you.
Congrats man! Happy to have ya!
Omg orange kitty!!!!
Did she sponsor you for citizenship?
Welcome to America!
Welcome and thank you for joining us...you help bring this country one step closer to being what we strive to be.
Much love, my man. Welcome to the United States! I hope you are successful in all of your endeavors!
Congratulations and welcome to the Family!!
Welcome to America my friend! Blessings to you and your cat! Where’d you cross the pond from? My family came from Ukraine and Czech Republic
ITT: episode 26 of Evangelion
Congratulations!
Congratulations Brother !
Congratulations!!!!
Make sure you get your health insurance mortgage.
Congrats, man!
I love you, I love your cat, I love this picture ♥️
Welcome home fellow countryman. Glad to have you with us.
Congratulations!
Welcome home!
Congrats on the citizenship and funding a cute cat.
Based on the way you were holding that paper I thought this was r/roastme lol very confused by the comments at first but congrats that’s awesome!!
Congratulations! Welcome friends!!
Yaaaaaasssss! WELCOME!
Congrats on becoming an American! Depends on some rule changes but I might be able to do the same thing next year!!
Amazing! Welcome!
Aren't female orange tabbys quite rare? She looks so cute. You're so lucky to have such a sweet friend pick you. X)
Welcome! That's amazing.
Congratulations neighbor
Congratulations! Welcome! I'll bet your feline friend is proud of you too! Glad to have you, neighbor.
Congratulations, and welcome home. Might I recommend a catnip treat for your lucky feline friend? Look up Yeowww catnip bananas (and their loose catnip) online. Those things are magical, and she'll be overjoyed - and you'll be happy just watching her with it!
I would name her piccolo
Congrats!
Congrats and welcome!
Welcome, fellow American. We are happy to have you.
Yayyyy;)
I love the red, white, and blue getup that you wore. You’re a beast.
Congrats dude!
 This made my day and your cat is bae
congrats and welcome! were glad you’re here!
Awesome picture
this is the most wholesome thing i’ve ever seen and i love it! take me hypothetical platinum!
Congratulations and welcome! Don’t pay much attention to the fear mongers-Americans will give the shirt of their backs to those in real need. YOU get to start by slicing some fish. Best wishes!
Congratulations! From stranger to stranger with a cat.
 what was the process of getting your citizenship like (asking cause i wanna migrate there)
Congratulations
r/cuteguyswithcats
Just a question, how long did it take for you to get citizenship?
This is amazing! Congratulations to you both 🎉
Congrats dude.
Congratulations! Good job! Welcome! And yes, treat yourself too!
welcome to America, we're glad you are here.  here's hoping you have a good and prosperous life here.
“You don’t have to be an American to have fun?” - Murray To Alexis, Stranger Things Session 3

Congrats to you and your kitty, my brother! Eat all of the fish and be merry!
Congratulations on your citizenship!
Congrats!
Congratulations!!!
Congrats!  Enjoy celebrating with your girl!
Welcome :) thank you for coming here and making this country a better place :)
This is the cutest post I have ever seen. Congratulations!! 🎊❤️
He looks like an asian doctor strange 



(Welcome to america though)
Congrats man! I remember when my bud finally became a citizen, one of the happiest days of her life so far. Hopefully you feel similar!
Is this Grant Gustin?
Hail, fellow citizen.
Congratulations!
Congratulations!!!  🍾🎉🎊🎈
Congratulations to you!
Look at that doofus of a cat.  What a magnificent specimen.
Welcome and congrats, OP! 

Keep us updated as to how you guys celebrated! What is your little friends name?
Congratulations, friend!! I'm so happy for you!! :)
Congratulations 🎉 much love you too and your kitty.
Congratulations!
NATIONAL TREASURE RIGHT HERE
I have so much respect for someone  who would go through our naturalization process. Not sure I could pass it, I was just born here! Proud to have you in the US and hope you have a wonderful life here!
Welcome fellow American ❤️! And your kitty is adorable!
Welcome home bro! Congrats
Congratulations!!! We’re so happy to have you here! People like you are what makes our country great and I’m so thankful you’re going to contribute to the rich tapestry of the US!
Congratulations!
Congratulations! Not a perfect place but still proud to be a citizen!
Co gratulations, cat is cute
Getting that spicy tuna roll, your waitress may look at y’all funny
Welcome home. :)
Silver tuna tonight!
Congratulations to you for all your accomplishments! Your cat is adorable and is so lucky to have found you! She is so cute.
Congratulations! Take advantage of everything you possibly can! Help out with the community! Be involved with the neighborhood!  The world is your oyster so enjoy some raw fish and have some special kitty snacks and catnip for your furry little friend.  =^.^=
Welcome home
Welcome. Enjoy the Sushimi.
Hi Cesar,

First and foremost congratulations to you, I'm happy for you and glad that you're proud. 

If I may ask, could you tell me why it is that you're proud to be a U.S. Citizen now? What about becoming a citizen makes you proud and what brought this to you? 

I did read/scan all the posts but didn't see why, forgive me if I missed or overlooked a post.
Congrats. 😸
Congratulations man this makes me so happy. I can't even imagine how difficult this process probably was.
I clearly remember how happy we were when my parents, sister, and I finally got our citizenship (after twenty years of trying). Congratulations!!
Welcome friend! We need more and more people with kind hearts like yours.
Congratulations! I wish you well in your future endeavors!
Wow what a wonderful gift to give yourself. Congratulations
Congrats!
Welcome to the citizen's club, my friend! We truly live in the greatest country.
Congrats! And that’s a cutie cat!
Welcome.
Hell Yeah!!! 🇺🇸
Congrats, my friend. It’s an honor to be your fellow American!
Congrats!!! So happy to have you here - but for the record. Dogs are even better than cats!
You can now officially gain an extra 80lbs and fit right in with the rest of us.
This is the very first thing that popped up in my feed when I opened Reddit. I’m so happy for you and for that cat.

I feel like I should close Reddit for the night and end on a high note...
Congrats friend!
I'm loving all the positive comments on here. It's a breath of fresh air 🙂
Congrats, may your spirits soar like a bald eagle
Congratulations to you and your new pet!!!!
So I didn't see it posted. Can you tell us your story?
I am not American(I am brazilian), but congratulations hope, if ever want to come to Brazil during vacation know you are very welcome
Congrats
Congratulations!!!🇺🇸
IRL this was posted on Instagram in 2012
Really happy to be able to call you my fellow American!!
Nice cat!  Congrats on becoming a citizen, welcome to the club.  I hope that you become the best of us.
Became a citizen AND a cute cat pic?  This is re-edit gold my friend.  Congrats on the cat.
Welcome! I'm naturalized too - registering and going to vote is the most important thing you can do. The cat chose wisely. :)
Hello fellow American! Your cat looks like a good friend.
Welcome! You have a real American spirit! Thank you for joining our country at this difficult time and bringing optimism (and a kitty!). I hope you are able to realize you own American Dream.
So adorable, congratulations and God bless you
Welcome, fellow American! People like you make us great :)
She’s adorable
Congrats, my fellow American! Go treat yourself as well as treating that kitty - that’s a huge undertaking!!
WHOLESOME
Who cares
By the looks of you that cat is probably only staying because you feed it
So are you ;) and congrats
Congratulations, Welcome Brother!
My foster dad got his citizenship recently, too!
I'm gunna guess Egyptian
