This might be the best picture of a black cat I've ever seen.
I bet he's got a collection of souls stashed away in there
probably the cutest demon I've seen so far
The abyss welcomes you
“The void is loud and wants chicken”
I dare you to put your hand in there...I dare u
The void likes your bag.
“At the edge of the universe, I stared into the infinite deep. It stared back, and was pleased. I would become the herald of its victory, and bear witness for all creation. “

- Calus, Emperor of the Cabal
Abandon all hope ye who buys grocery here!
I don't think our Trader Joe's carries this brand.
"Deep into the darkenss peering. Long i stood there, wondering, fearing, doubting. Dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before, but the silence was unbroken and the darkenss gave no token, and the only word there spoken was the whispered word "Lenore?" "-Poe
    ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
    ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
    ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⢛⣯⣭⡙⢿⣿
    ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠃⠸⣿⣿⣿⠈⣿
    ⣿⣿⣿⡿⠛⣿⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠀⠀⢿⣿⣿⡆⣿
    ⣿⣿⠏⢰⣿⣿⣷⡄⠹⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣤⣘⣿⣿⣿⣿
    ⣿⣿⡂⢸⣿⣿⣿⣧⠀⣹⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
    ⣿⣿⣧⡈⢻⣿⣿⣿⣴⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
    ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
    ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿
The abyss demands treats
It looks like you just put two bolts in the bag.
The Abyss wants tuna...
/r/catdimension
He is a certain race of cat. They are known as void cats or their scientific name, Voidus McCuties
I want to reach into the abyss for a quick pet.
[My favorite Batman quote](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efub89RMgvQ)
Cheshire cat?
Put your hand in there and pet the kitty..
Terrifying.
“Hiya, Georgie!”
Omg. If you told me that was photoshopped I would believe you. The darkness in that bag is perfect.
This looks like Toothless is about to jump out at you.
That cat is in two bags at once, which triggered the abyss !
It's just Zetsu
Can I have that please?
If I stare into the abyss, will it stare into me?
MADE IN ABYSS
https://i.imgur.com/Um6rSWr.jpg
Oh shit I didn't see the eyes at first, it spooked me.
I really hope the cat's name is abyss
vantacat
The abyss is cute
...

...

...

...

*mlem*
Casual Nietzsche
It regards you.
Mr Popo??
Pet the abyss!
Imagine you hear,” Come closer,” coming from in there
the abyss is cute.
Cat auditioning to be Ghibli's soot sprite
r/catdimension
All that's missing from this photo is Sulliman's weird chant/spell music from Howls moving castle.
Not gonna lie, this scared the shit out of me until i realized it was a cat
I can’t tell which way they’re facing
Oy
It's a mimic
Are you sure it isn't two rings in the bag?
Find me, Jon. It is dark, and I am afraid. But not when we are together.
Hello darkness my old friend
"Have you ever stared into the abyss???  There is darkness,  but there is something warm aswell."
Perfect title
Horror movie idea... "The Bag Has Eyes".
The abyss is wondering why you're gazing at it. [Does it know you?](https://www.smbc-comics.com/comic/2015-02-01)
So Nietzsche had a cat/pet with the name of “abyss”?
Is that cat looking downward or upwards?...hmm you decide!
Guardian, when you whisper to the void, does it whisper back?
And if you gaze long into an abyss, the abyss also gazes into you.
When the souls of all the babies I've eaten come back to haunt me
Which H.P. Lovecraft novel is this from?
The abyss is pretty cute
I never fully understood this particular passage in Beyond Good and Evil until now...
Give it a treat and see if it will get biggee
Actually terrifying.
Horrifying.
Ayy I like that subtle wrath of the lich King quote ;P
That is Nietzsche's AND Schroedinger's cat, at the same time.
My coworkers trying to skate by and not do any side work.
 Toothless?
Where did you get the portable abyss? I could use one of those! And recyclable bag, too, nice!
https://youtu.be/TAkQWE2rzHc
(´;︵;`).·´¯`(>▂<)´¯`·.
As I Look Into The Abyss -  [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=grJ5br3FGRo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=grJ5br3FGRo) 

The Abyss Looks Into Me -   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VFALPj-F8wU](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VFALPj-F8wU)
I've seen a lot of cat pictures in my time on the internet. Far and away this is my favorite.
(chuckles)      
I'm in danger.
Nobody:

Abyss: feeling cute... 😋..might stare back at you
If I get a black cat his name is going to be abyss.
The Void has such pretty little eyes.
I'm super curious to know if this can be the real benchmark for all cat image detection AI developers
Well, he looks at me.
And I look at him.
And he looks at me.
And I look at him.
And he looks it me.
And I look at him.
And he says, "I'm sorry!
What did you want again?"
I miss my black cat :(.
e y e s
This picture was taken right before OP was pounced the shit out of for interrupting the dark void.
Ah, I see you went to area 51 early!
"*UTINI!*"
joys of a black cat
***"Susan, the void demands chimken!"***
Abyss is comfortable leave abyss alone...
Bullshit you just painted everything around the eyes in MSPaint /s

So cute!
Omg it’s Trudeau as a baby his first Halloween
Please share this with r/catsnamedtoothless
guys for all we know it could just be two marbles
I can’t see any facial detail and yet I can tell he’s upside down
Where do you even shop?

Person: "Hi, I'd like to buy 1 abyss please, with 2 googly eyes on top."

Cashier: "That'll be $37.99, plus tax. Shall I shove it into this bag for you?"

Abyss: *You have sealed your fate, human*
Couldn't help but think of Calus
Fucking Slayer
Hello, Georgie. Wouldja like a balloon?
Good luck exploring the infinite abyss.
That cat better be named abyss
/r/attackeyes 
/r/Stealthbombers
This reminds me of a song from D'awwes.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rQEj_9IhJSo
Two empty wine bottles?
Reach in at your own risk 😼
Black ~~cars~~ cats are pretty much all eyes.
Food
“The abyss gazes also” quote from my favorite chapter of Watchmen. Might apply here.
The Abyss wants tuna.
I thought they were just two shiny washers at the bottom of the bag at first..
So I guess the cat's out of the bag?
The button eyes!
Kina reminds me of [orko](https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-_5DSmp9iGT8/V0UDX5d3HvI/AAAAAAAAKl4/W1cZSL7jqp8KRyMVygF_NZMNhjO49E6MQCLcB/s1600/Orko.png) from He-Man. At least his face anyway
Cat + paper bag = PARTAY!

Also, a cardboard box is like Disney World.
Bane reference
The demon is too powerful for one containment bag! Needs two.
Those who have stared into the void are not bound by the laws of space and time.
looks like a dark souls boss
T H E.  V A S T.  K N O W L E GE
I thought I was looking at 2 brass tubes arranged like eyes for a bit.
Crota, Son on Oryx,
Respekt the void
Sorry, didn't think you'd notice.
When you whisper to the void, does it whisper back?
What does that saying actually mean?
DAS NOT A BISS DAS A KIDDY
Does everything float down there?
And when we both looked into the abyss, and it looked back at us. 

You blinked.
Is this what Calus saw
And when it looked back, you blinked.
How’d you get the googly eyes to stick to the abyss??
#darksouls
Maaa maa maaaaaaa abyss is watching meee. Blink mfkr
Which way do you think the head is
BMW Vantablack got inspiration from your cat!
I like the pic upside down
I know it's a cat, but it could also be google eyes.
The eyes of Laura Mars your face if you get to close!
The abyss is ready to attack.
My sister fucking hates you. I love it though. Good job putting a cat in the bag
At the edge of the universe, I stared into the infinite deep. It stared back, and was pleased.
"When you whisper to the void does it whisper back, guardian?" - Master Rahool
The shit abyss.
Trader Joe’s sometimes feels like the abyss.
Luv that quote
Alright, we need super light reflective googly eyes all the sudden.
Try turning the picture around
Join the void
If you rotate it 180 degrees the outline if the bag has a "cat" shape to it.
You try to transmute a human soul?
It stared back
The Cheshire cat has a new home
The abyss gets a bad wrap. If you think about it... when everyone and everything else has gone and you are all alone...
The abyss is still there...
Waiting. For. You.
hello, Darkness
Wonderful!
Are those Trader Joe's bags? My cats absolutely love those bags.
Put googly eyes on em
Hello Darkness, my old friend
Pet the abyss and it will scratch you back.
Aww, the abyss is adorable 😍
Cat-hulhu
Freaky
Did you ask some poor cashier or nagger to double bag paper bags? :\
creeeeepy
It's him!
Trader Joe’s
The abyss has googly eyes
Add a twisted smile filled with crooked  yellowing needle teeth under those eyes and that is some Cheshire cat nightmare fuel my friends
Plot twist OP just put 2 of those shiny plastic stuffed animal eyes in there.
Aw soul reaping buddy! Whoja cute vortex?! You are!
r/creepy
Are you sure that ain’t Pennywise?
r/traderjoes would appreciate the abyss
Hahaha.
You are likely to be eaten by a grue.
That’s a soot sprite
Basement Cat: The Return of Evil
Are you a Starset fan by chance? ❤️
Upvoted for the title lol
Send this foul beast into the abyss!
This needs posted to Photoshopbattles .
I feel like it's just two googly eyes floating the black abyss.
But is the cat, alive or dead?
Soot Sprite
I love pure black cats, but this scared me a little.
Come closer human...
Give the abyss scritches!
Love me some TJs
Bruh bro
10/10 title.
Ahh yes... the newly discovered color Vantacat.
Anybody know what store he bought these eyes? Asking for a friend.
“Hiiiiii”
When, where and how did you take/Steal this photo from, personally?
The abyss is cute as hecc
Why is there a picture of two wine bottles in a brown grocery bag in r/awww?
Gives me flashbacks of seeing brothers grimm
I have a folder in my phone with only photos of blacks cats in it, and yours just made the cut OP! Your abyss-kitty is wonderful
Might be my mechanic brain but I saw at first 2 nuts at the bottom of a bag
I stared into the abyss of the little red light from my tv in my dark bedroom and it stared back at me so hard. I was tripping balls.lol
lol
The void stares back.
At any moment the abyss demon will leap out and attack
It Stared Back
I just watched “IT 2” and for some reason this isn’t cute to me :0
My abyss always wants food
when a cat's eyes get wide like that watch out he's about to jump lol
There are 2 tiny black holes in the abyss
r/catsnamedtoothless
People who've had cats will think this is cute and people who've never had one will think this is terrifying
I swear they look like googly eyes
Well... I guess to be pedantic, it's "if you gaze long enough into an abyss, the abyss will gaze back into you."
r/blackcats
Soot gremlin!
Thought these were my missing earrings. Still looking for them.
I didn't know you could get a cat in MIT's new blackest black color.
I have gazed into the abyss, and the abyss has gazed into me. And neither of us liked what we saw.
Brother Theodore
Who else saw the cat on his back looking up?
Papurr or meowstic
*If I stare into the abyss, will it stare into me?*
He's evil
This looks like 2 Whole Foods bags
Utinni!
Which option at the grocery store is this? I only get asked paper or plastic...
"And in that darkness, eyes starring back at me. Brown eyes, blue eyes, green eyes"
😂🤣😹😹
r/thecattrapisworking
He says he has coins if you warez, but dont be fooled.
I wonder if  Nietzsche owned a cat.
 When you whisper to the void, does it whisper back?
How did you buy a black hole?
My abyss wont stop stalking me. Does yours do the same?
This Batman quote really is one of his best.

https://youtu.be/efub89RMgvQ
“We both looked into the abyss, but when it looked back at us, you blinked.”

-Batman
I love this so
Much
What is the meaning of "if you gaze into the abyss, the abyss gazes also at you."? 

I've searched on internet but can't find a good answer
From this side.. the faults look completely different. They do not resemble humans at all. Peeks in.. *drrrr drrr*
Cute and creepy, I like it
Ah yes, the elusive Bag Jawa.
Vanta Black Cat
If you move the photo up and down, it looks like it's blinking
#in Soviet Rasshah u no look at abyss

#ABYSS LOOK AT U
Black cats...not for me...just misfortune waiting to happen
Having two black cats I laughed pretty fucking hard at this
Best use of vantablack
Cute
Okay, who snuck into my house and took a picture of my cat?
Cool
nobody can steal your groceries
Reach your hand in and see what happens next
You have gazed into the cat dimension!
It’s the new dress conundrum. Which way is the cats nose pointing? To the front or the back of the bag. I can see both.
Excellent caption
This would be great in r/WritingPrompts
I immediately hear the intro to “Siberian Breaks”
Title of your sex tape
Hello darkness, my old friend.
Suddenly 3 years appear
Photoshopped.
thats a cute abyss
I love cats, I love black cats. I love how spooky they are, how much they just look like a void with bat ears and eyes. I also love horror, I love the creepy, the disturbing, even. Nothing ever really unsettles me, at least when intentional.

But something about this is actually really unnerving 😳
The abyss wants tuna.
👀
i'm not "in" the darkness jon...
Abyss is kinda cute cute
BAGthera
To this day they are still finding something in the bag
Vantacat.
My heart says yes
But my mind also says yes
Looks like the bag that held the $50 dollar toy you just bought your cat.
Sounds like Selena from r/mobilelegends
I think this abyss bites.
This would make a good poster.  I prefer the other translation though:  

> When you look into the abyss, the abyss looks back.

Plus Chali 2na put it in a rhyme
You have a toothless!
The abyss wants treats
Why are the pupils round??
I'm tempted to fall in
Reminds me of one of the feral cats I have.. one person called him a blob another called him a VOID.      https://i.redd.it/qpqj2mu9vak31.jpg
That would actually scare the shit outta me...
Is that a cat or 2 nuts
Seriously, I’ve seen a lot of abysses.. and THAT is the cutest abyss of them ALLLLLL!
"We both looked into the abyss, but when it looked back at us, you blinked"
Good ol doctor who
"When you stare into the void, does it stare back?"
Pride? Is that you?
The eyes have it!
No cat there. If you zoom in you can see the fake shadows (of fake fur) against the right side of the bag. Smh.
Silly me.

I kept shaking my phone to make eyes all googly
Abyss is cute!
S O R R Y J O N
I wanna know how they're oriented in the bag. I imagine forward is the top of the pic and they're tilting their head back. But it's kinda driving me crazy. 😂
black zetsu
I have to warn you about the bags with handles -- One of my cats got the handle around her neck and RACED/FLEW upstairs, being "chased" by the bag. After I found her under the bed with a ripped bag part still hanging from her neck it was funny. Not while I was looking for her and imagining her somehow strangled...CATS!
This is the look that single use waste products should give us to discourage us from using them.
Look at the eyes!
“The abyss, Rick. The shit abyss.”
Its rude to stare into the abyss
Thought these eyes wwere two bolts.
This might be one of the best pictures I have ever seen.
r/imsorryjon leaks
Made in abyss
Reminds me of pride from FMA
Not gonna lie, that would probably make me yelp in surprise. Black kitty's are awesome!
r/imsorryjon
I didnt see the eyes at first, I got all confused then i saw them ._.
Apparently you rug has eyes
I literally thought those were craft googly eyes in the bag lol
Does the abyss have a proper pet name I may call him/her by?
There's a Made in Abyss reference to be made somehow but I don't know how.
nice
At first I thought that’s exactly the kind of washers I need to stop my faucet leaks
When fighting monsters take care not to become one.
Ah you think darkness is your ally? You merely adopted the dark. I was born in it, molded by it. 

Bane
oh
The Abyss is hella cute.
Mr.popo's cat.
O.O
"Here's looking at you, kid", the Abyss.
Oh god, my cat loves to crawl into paper bags.
Manus, is that you?
Apparently the abyss has googly eyes
Oh looks like your having Chinese for dinner
Let the cat out of the bag.
I can’t tell which direction it’s mouth is
I thought this was *b a s s*
I thought this was a picture of googly eyes for a min.
"I know you has treats. I will stare unblinkingly at you until you give them."
Cat.
It Stared Back
Not going to lie, I would be terrified if I looked in an empty bag and saw this.
Hey, Nietzsche photo you've got there!
When you whisper to the void does the void whisper back?
All hail Sithis
My soul... don’t take my .............
Awww cute
That is a bag of devouring whatever you do don't put your hand in. If you already put stuff in it it's a lost cause just go buy a new sword.
Does the abyss fuel your sense of adventure?
Literally the abyss watchers
r/oddlyterrifying
Converse all-stars?
Why don’t you reach your hand in there to pet that nice kitty.
Anyone thought those two circles were two opened bottles of beer? Only me? Ok.
That looks like a scene from a movie
Word of Command.
Holy shit this scared me so bad when I noticed the eyes.
It looks like 2 empty bottles for recycling
r/oddlyterrifying
“And if thou gaze long into an abyss, the abyss also gases into thee”
Hahahaha
r/blackcats
These are my bags, their are many like them.

But these are mine.
Damn, that’s creepy
Haermeus Mora Awaits
Black cats are special. My boy Marcel is almost 16 years old, and he's probably my best friend. It's going to be black cats forever for me.
Those are the eyes of a cat that's about to jump
For a second I thought that was a Gibson Les Paul and you were my spine
Don't blink
Live from Area 51, this special breaking story...
This is not aww this is terrifying
Your cats name is abyss?
Oh god, begin SCP containment immediately
Does this remind anyone else of The Cheat from Homestar Runner?
Oh my gawd!
That scared me
I love black cats
https://imgur.com/iWNEHas
see, kids, this is how an interesting and original title makes a post better.
Trader Joe's grocery bags?
Somehow this is both scary and cute...How is that even possible? or should that be pawsable...
Perfect spot to attack
r/thecatdimension
It's Shellder!
Amazing photo
Well done 
Cheers  :)
AT THE BOTTOM OF THE OCEAN THE DEPTHS OF THE ABYSS
As I look into cat,the cat looks into me ❤❤❤
I bet he's got a collection of souls stashed away in there.
I wager he has an accumulation of spirits buried in there
Aww...those cute little eyes
I feel like they would give the Ogma Infinium
The cat’s stare is almost as deep as using a Nietzsche quote.
I can't allow you to take these groceries dave.
Are these buttons or is this a cat??
Nice
Father you came back to me
If that is in my bag I would jump and scream like a little girl
I look into the abyss and the abyss looks into me. I am one with the abyss and the abyss is one with the bag. Two circulated holes that stares into my soul, reflecting and retracting, reacting to outside movements...Waiting to strike.

~ a dark ass cat in a dark ass bag
Ok Abyss is a great name for a black cat! I’m gonna try and remember that for my next pet.
Looks like trader joes bags...
"When you whisper to the void, does it whisper back?" Master Rahool, times one thousand.
I think this is a repost
I got confused if it was really a cat after seeing the pupils then I remembered it must be dark in the bag.
I thought those were two bottles of wine...
I thought this was two bottle caps (attached to bottles).
I love black cats!
😂
That's a ring isn't it?
If I didn't know the cat was in there I would definitely scream and run away.
The abyss shouldn't be always a bad thing. This one is curious and cute.
89k upvotes an OP only has 7.8k karma. I knew it wasn't 1-to-1 but come on reddit, really?
I legit missed the eyes the first time. I was like "what an I looking at?"
"I can feel it, piercing my soul with a mere glance"
He's probably going to summon something there
r/creepy
the abyss returns even the boldest gaze!
I did Nietzsche that coming
Who keeps a pair of googly eyes in a bag?
If you whisper to the void, does it whisper back?
I lol’d at this haha
Don’t let Shrödinger’s cat out of the bag
I got a tuxedo cat, this is pretty much what happens every time she is in the dark.
DRR DRR DRR
" We both looked into the abyss..but when it looked back at us, you blinked"
Hello darkness my old friend.
Can someone explain the whole “sometimes the void stares back” to me?
The abyss is cute.
r/oddlyterrifying
Where can i find more pictures of cats that look like this?
first picture of a black hole near a second black hole - 2019
Vantacat
‘I stare into the deep
Singing, "I know, I know, I know, I know, I know,
I know my love can be"
But deep stares back, speaks to me,
"I know my love can be
The killing kind"’
                 - “The Killing Kind” - Marianas Trench (2019)
I hope it's a spider!
It's toothless!
The void looks directly into your soul
Fantastic title.
r/oddlyterrifying
Top 10 pictures right before disaster
Omg this looks exactly like my kitty!!! I often take photos of her and it's just 2 green eyes starting back at me from the darkness Haha
Is that Justin Trudeau in your bag??
Isn’t it crazy how black cats exist? But original titles don’t?
This is creepier than cute.
I'm 14 and this is DEEP
This spooked me for a minute
This is very aesthetically pleasing photo. Not so much aww, more like in awe of mad photographer skills
