I love the face – – do you mean to tell me I’m not supposed to do this?
That’s a helluva stick.
monch
^(nom nom nom nom. >:U)
r/teefies
Teething is such a pain, for all involved. I had to keep a close eye on my baseboards, because regardless of the bazillion teething/chew products I got, my pup would pick a corner and lay there while she scraped it with her teeth.
Imma piranha. They live in the Amazon.
RIP all your furniture
I had a puppy like this. We called her our “safety coordinator”, since she used to chew the corners on all our tables. You know, for safety. Can’t have her people bumping into the corners of coffee tables.
That’s Sunny Baudelaire
Hope you didn't like that table too much 😅
pupranha
I hope OP enjoys the "distressed look" in his furnishings
You table is vintage now
Surveying all that is his
My lab was insanely destructive as a pup.  Name it, he chewed it up if he could get to it.  Steps, baseboard, plants...  Just an adorable ball of love, but man did he wreck things for a while.
You can get chew roots in most pet stores, there are perfect for dogs. So they chew and don't have the risk of getting an splinter into their mouth. Which can be really painful for them.
Did you name him Sunny? Cause that'd make me laugh.
My parents had a solid oak dining room set. Beautiful. Cost a fortune. Our chocolate lab teethed in the front edge of each seat. Just the edge of he seat, nowhere else. So now they have a lovely solid oak dining room set with teeth marks on the seat edge.
Those puppy teeth look very sharp!
Looks like he might add a few more unique distress marks to your table there.
r/animalsbeingderps
Think i have the same coffee table, just not scratched to shreds
Their teeth are so sharp at that age too. Lol chomp face
Can confirm have similar photo of my wee piranha who grew into a big 12 year old blonde floof.
This would not make me go aww... Maybe aww shit my table! But then that's not my table.
u/SchnoodleDoodleDo, we need you now.
Chomp
Scary
[deleted]
What a cute piranha! I have a kitchen chair that was teethed on by my old boy and it makes me happy
Give me the treats Karen
r/cromch
As the joys of puppies!  Sit in your wooden rocker and fall forward? Front rocker chewed away. Have a nice leather Stressless chair, arm chewed off after a nights hard work for a puppy. Oh, well, it's just stuff and they grew into such lovely ladies!
Omg he Can Can bite me whenever he wants D: so cute
At least the pupper is not chewing walls, yet. Mine loved walls.
He's a wood...chupper?
[removed]
Lol look at those sharp puppy fangs! Make my hands itchy just thinking about them
I dunno...that looks like a land shark to me ;) Either way, it's darn cute!
This is the cutest thing in the world when it isn't my furniture.
So that's what a land shark looks like. Good to know.
I see you are entering the “I hope you didn’t have any use for this” phase. Godspeed my friend. Godspeed.
We got our teething pup a rubber, fillable popsicle toy. We filled it with water, froze it, and let her chew on the rubber coated ice. It'd melt more slowly than an ice cube (and typically cleaner), and the grippy rubber made it easy to handle. Highly recommend!
I'M A PIR-AN-HA, FROM THE AMAZON
A rare Golden Gator.
I had a 5 year old greyhound do this to a glass table in a hotel restaurant once... Just for attention.
Dont wear long sleeves...speaking from experience. Friends dog was and still is a psycho for sweaters
Give him some ice cubes
Nom
That's a large chew toy. Did it used to be a coffee table?
If sunny from series of unfortunate events was a dog
*Chuckles that's not a piranha that's a dog
Is dis foods? I eats dis yes. Omnomnom
This wooth ith thery gooth. Thank you.
Buy him a hard hat, and that will stop. Dogs love chewing on hard hats for some reason. Once a year I have to buy a new one for my pit.
Chomp
Ohhhh my fucking dwog
Table nom
That table was brand new when you got that puppy I'll wager
I hope you like that rustic, weathered chic look on your furniture!
This brings back memories on when my pupper was smol, he ripped many PJs to shreds
Pupirhanna...
OMG 😍
I peed on my coworker's chair in fright
Someone tag that animator Redditor that animates your pets!
ah yes the bite everything stage
Looks like one of those Goofy hats at Disney
Look at those fucking daggers!!
Omg puppy teeth are so sharp
r/cromch
Piranha actually are actually not aggressive , they nibble on dead flesh etc.
That's a fierce looking beastie.
3.5 months? I remember mine.  It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, so adorable yet incredibly destructive.
omg his sharp little teeth!!!! I'd let him nom on me all day
Nom nom nom what an adorable puppy!
I'mma piranha.

*Clack* *Clack*
Piranha retriever haha
Is he/she a Dudley?
if his teeth are hurting bc teething etc frozen carrots are a good way to help soothe the gums plus stop them from chewing on furniture or you can try chamomile ice cubes which also help soothe them overall!!!
The *Terror Of The Needle Toothed Puppy*!
No no no, its table eating smurf
The rare table nom nom'er. Very nice. Cute little fuzzball too!
That’s a gator pup.
"I'm a pir-AHN-uh"
This would make a great Christmas card.
Oil of cloves on everything you don't want chewed and a really big toy box full of things you do want chewed.
AHHHH HES ATTACKING!!!
Those teef!
Yup, that's a 3.5mo old lab puppy for ya.
[/whatswrongwithyourdog](https://www.reddit.com/r/WhatsWrongWithYourDog/)
Those baby toofers need a way to get loosened! Thank goodness the table is already a bit distressed!
Read the caption on the preview:

"What the hell. No way a piranha, even a baby, can be cu.. D'awwww! It's adorable"
I’m having a really stressful day dealing with some family health problems but this made me smile very big. Thank you.
Just waited 2 minutes for something to happen in this video.
If I'm not mistaken that would be a pupiranha
At that age they're pretty much a really cute shark on four legs
/pupranha
Oh he chompy
he CHOMP
r/toofers
Haha! Good thing you’re into the distressed look.
Baby shark do do.... do...... da dit
It's cute now, then one day you'll come home and there will just be table crumbs left on the floor.
[deleted]
Puppy teeth are the wooooorst. I love ever little painful nibble though.
Puprahna
Baby piranha, do do, do do do do.
Land shark
“I’m a pi-ran-ah” - the little girl on finding Nemo... also, your pooch
He's a dudley lab like my dog! Very cute!
I do believe this is a situation for the word 'teefs'to be used.
He’s worth a new table with those eyes.
/r/Aquariums
"testings teefs.......teefs tested"
I was lowkey hoping it was an actual piranha
My cousin’s son used to do this 😂
Distressed styled coffee table for sale.
Oh my, this is precious! <3
TABLE SHARK
I retrieve table for you
As with kids...you can't buy nice furniture.
I, too, want a 3.5 month old piranha.
Your raft is going to be nibbled down soon.  
Piranha there will get you eventually.
As cute as that pup is, I kinda wanted to see what a cute piranha would look like.
In my family we call that species a carpet shark
We also recently acquired a chomper.
I have a year old collie who did almost exactly this and looked just like Mr Innocent there, yesterday. Except picture it being the corner of my nice old end table.
My brother: That's a cat
*Furanha
Those are some seriously sharp teeth
Thats not a piranha thats a chinchilla. Cant you people see?
Ah yes... mine was a velociraptor for a time.
*Jaws theme starts playing*
Trouble on the horizon.
Only kind of piranha I'd want to get close to lol
Dem teefs
c h o m p


Check him out @winstonandfred on Instagram for more cute
Looks more like a termite to me.
That pirahna is very cute, whay breed is he
R/aquariums
I prefer my doggo distressed home over anything else 🙂
[removed]
Look on the bright side he or she will have lovely teeth, which we can already see. Will save on dental chews just chop a couple tree trunks down
Piranha will thrive better if you add water. Piranha will also grow. But only if this is a water piranha. It’s hard to tell from the picture but water piranhas are commonly mistaken for land piranhas. If this is a land piranha, do not add water. Just supply a bowl of water for the land piranha and that will do.
Uh, that is ClEarLy not a PIranHa.
what a precious little baby! I think the folks over at /r/cromch would like this
"Look, mom, I'm a termite!"
Rip your furniture. F in the chat
Good boi noms table
Get that doggy some antlers, stat.
Ooooh little tiny sharp lab puppy teeth. It's a fun time. I remember when we first got ours my dad put hot sauce on stuff he didn't want the dog to nibble on. Only thing is he ended up liking hot sauce - naturally he was part of an Indian family now. So we got some bitter lime spray and he hated it. 
You're up for a lifetime of fun an adventure. I do hope you share more along the way.
Giving the table a terabyte
Such a cutie!
I dunno kinda looks like a bull shark.
Wtf he's so cute
Aaaaaaaaa 😍

More pics of this toofer please!
I can piratically hear Weird Al singing this to My Sharona
I had a black lab growing up and during her first year she chewed a 6-7 foot tall young maple tree down to a stump, and would still gnaw on the stump when she felt like it. So, good luck.
r/properanimalnames
Probably like chewing on a pencil.
Damn. It really looks like a doggie
I’ll take what I can get
Pro tip to save your shoes and furniture: give him plenty of ice blocks to chew. You can also make a large ice block using an empty Tupperware. Bonus points for putting treats/kibbles in for them to enjoy.
I ♥️ him/her
He has cute killer teeth
Aww those teeth are so small.
Giving it a nice rustic look
Puppy teeth are too sharp
Heckin bamboozled o\_O
Call him jaws.
God, puppy teeth are so damned pointy!  Instant doom!
Had one of those once, he looked like an English Bulldog but he had tha same voracious appetite for wood
Was I the only one who expected to see a piranha, then was perfectly happy to see it was a pup?
From the amazon
That snout looks verrrry verry boopable. ❤️❤️❤️
*Jaws music intensifies *
what?
r/toofers
I was expecting a real Piranha.
Looks just like my 4 month old piranha
What’s his name??
I got one too! Luckily he doesn’t chew furniture.  Just me... and his 2 older sisters, and eats out of the litter box, and just took 2 dumps in the house while I napped
He fucked up that table good
those things a razor blades, man.
Is that a Kona Grove table?! Damn! Poor thing...
Might be a termite lol
Pawranha
This is the cutest picture on the internet
Hey I’ve got one of those
r/whatswrongwithyourdog
His top face is giving me falcor vibes
*C H O M P*
Their teeth are the worst at that age lol
looks more like a land shark
u/TXA3312
Omg! What’s his name?
Was anyone else actually expecting to see a baby piranha but was happily pleased it was this instead?
Ah yes. Puppy teeth are verrrry pointy...
Those teeth are sharp, Many F’s to your table.
Paws
Puppy teefs 😬😬😬
Mmmm... Tastes like chicken!
Can relates. Have 2 ten week plus lab husky pits.
Dem toofers
I'm a piranha... I live in the amazon!
Termite!
My cat does this too! But with my phone. And any pencil I'm holding. 

And my arm :/
I love it. Those little mosquito needle teeth! Ah! I miss seeing those all over my prized possessions.
Bully sticks are your friend. Just dont think about the face that they're dried bull penis.
Land Sharks are adorable.
"I caught it!"
Dem baby toofers
Ahh yes, the great labrador chewawa.
*Smorph*
r/teefies
Lookin’ like shark week up in here
Hiya Georgie!
chomp
Yeah! These teeth are like little needles!!
"I'm a piranha!"
Looks like a wood-chuck
Ready for Pokémon Shield.
This isn't even a piranha, its actually a dog.
Haha love it! I envision many chewed up shoes in your future :)
Get ready. That couch is next.
Your poor table.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Super cute.
Chompf
/r/cromch
Rawr
Wood peg-ger!
#*T E E F H*
worlds goodest piranha
/r/whatiswrongwithyourdog
/r/toofers
Lost a coffee table in a similar fashion
those teeth are so cute
I wanna hug your piranha
Save those baby teeth
Nom
Those milk teeth are killin’ me right now. 😍
As someone with a 3.5 month old piranha as well. I feel ya
Disappointed. Would've loved to see a cute, carnivorous fish.
Blond snoopy
teefs
I’m a piranha! They live in the amazon!
Bu-bye drywall, cupboards & stairs...
Awwwww
Is a piranha not a fish
TEEFIES!
Land shark.
I’m a PIRANHA  from the AMAZON
I eat dis?
I am terrified
Nom
Look at that little thing, it is so proud of it's little table bite. We love you table piranha.
r/toofers
I have a 3 month old pirahna too!! He looks eerily similar to yours
😂😂
Teef!
This made my day
SOOOO CUTE
This is so cute. I want one to chew my table.
That’s the cutest piranha I’ve ever seen.
Full package doggo right there!
Much spook, very chomp
Me waiting for my favorite show to start in the morning be like
I love his little teeth’s
Nom
Chomp
Such an adorbs Pawranha!
SHARK DOG AND LAVA DOG
Nom,
This table tastes a bit woody
Oh boy! Good luck!
Do you got any dog toys for him, it's cute when they are little doing this but when they get older they do more damage.
Kilroy was here
We’re gonna need a bigger table
Oh, the bite bite bite phase. 

Made me miss the old times we could not watch TV on the couch in peace. Constant attacks on feet and legs and everything else that poked out of the "boat" area.
That’s more of a termite
*Sunny Baudelaire looks quite healthy*
monch
Nom
Ferocious
Looks like he started on the couch too.
GIVE ME DA GO GO BABY!!!!!  ADORABLENESS!!!!!!!
Careful. Too much love and affection could make them nibble on you to show affection. The sad part tho is that its worth it.
he can chomp on all my furniture
My pittie who is 11 now was a total piranha when he was a puppy. An expensive one at that. Chewed up an Xbox 360 controller, HD DVD player remote, when those were a thing, he ripped up my parents sprinkler system one head at a time, and ripped the drain from the AC unit out of the wall, which caused water damage to the floor and walls inside. Thank goodness he grew out of that. Shit was getting expensive. Keep lots of chew toys around!
Having a nice cromchy snacco
This makes me think of American History X
This is why we don't have nice things lol
Say bye bye to the table...
All teefers.
chomp
“Thith dable thastes lelicious”
Those puppy teeth though.... Sharp.
puppyranha
Will eat table. Guaranteed.
Nom
Puppy proof lol
Puppy proof lol
Your piranha has become a meme! 😂
r/birddogs
He go *arrff*
Baby teefs!
hello. not to be end but, but kind of to be that guy. a good trainer can fix this and prevent him from biting other pups too.
Aww those baby teefies
^this ^is ^so ^cute!!!!
Rawr
monch
Dem teefs
Tiny teefers
Teefs
Teefs
Rise and grind pupperino
Teef
Teefies
[deleted]
[removed]
tiny toofers.
I do hope you provide him with good chew toys and training. Allowing him to engage in inappropriate and destructive chewing is not good for anyone.
🤣🤣
MONCH!
Such little teef
Wow look at those teef!!!
That’s not a Prianha, that’s a shark!
Nyomph
Omg so ciuuu :’((((
How do dis feel on da teefs?

Oh so cute!!!!
Cute, but better start hiding your shoes.  Once he gets a taste of them you will be walking barefoot for the next year.
This was edited with Photoshop, fake.
"Teeth are stuck, but that's ok you take a picture"
That’s a cool dog. Can I have karma now?
Vinegar or hot sauce rubbed on the edge helps keep from chewing.
Is this in 3D?
