Sometimes we have stinky friends.
I never would have believed that either. My dogs have been skunked so many times over the years. we have one dog that only had to be skunked once to learn his lesson the other has fallen for it so many times I've lost track. It's the worst smell.
I don’t think I’ve ever seen a skunk so fluffy and with so much white on top before
That’s crazy cute. Hopefully he doesn’t upset that skunk.
My cat growing up had a skunk friend! She never got sprayed, but always smelled kinda skunky. One year, we found the skunk had taken refuge under our house to have her babies. They were humanely trapped, but our cat was very depressed for a good long while after we removed her best friend.
Remember: first bath is hydrogen peroxide only.  No water, no tomato juice (which doesn't work anyway).  The peroxide will help keep the skunk oil from oxidizing, which is what makes it stink.

Source: my adorable idiot decided to piss off skunks three times now.
Wouldn't it be funny if the skunk followed the dog through the doggie door?!
We all have that one friend we probably shouldn’t hang out with.
https://imgur.com/a/4FHMWfL
Congrats on your new pet skunk!
From what I understand skunks are very good natured and only spray when necessary.  They make good pets besides the stink.
This dog is playing with fire
r/unlikelyfriends
A few years ago my SO and I lived with my parents for a little over a year while we saved to buy our house. They have a huge backyard (for the city) that backs up to an elementary schools field so they get a fair amount of suburban wildlife, especially skunks. I used to go out back pretty much every night to smoke a bowl before bed. A family of skunks got so used to my presence that one night the mama skunk came up to me and *laid down on my bare feet*. It was simultaneously adorable and terrifying.
That is one heck of a huge skunk!  I hope he doesn't upset that skunk!  This is an awesome video.  I never would have figured a skunk would be so playful.
One time I was driving down a road in a heavily wooded area at night. Very dark outside and spooky. I come around a bend and my headlights scan over a dog on the side of the road - appeared to be a yellow lab - getting sprayed right in the face at that very second by a skunk. My headlights caught the spray at the perfect second and I quickly passed the scene. I never laughed so hard in my life for that poor old pooch and its owners who had to deal with the smell. I was gagging from just driving by I can I only imagine how bad the dog smelled.
High tail on dog, low tail on skunk....all is good.
Cue some skunk expert telling us that the dog is scaring the skunk or the skunk is trying to rip out the dog's throat but only has little legs or something. I hope they're really buddies, I'm happy for the weird playmates.
For when someone asks:

1 qt hydrogen peroxide

1/4 C baking soda

1 tsp dish soap
I’m sure the skunk was happy to finally have a playmate.  Assuming most interactions w others involves spraying.
Mi naem is dog 

And this mi fren

He smol and short

Hav stink rear end

&#x200B;

He looks real weird

His hed is dark

His tail is light

He dos not bark

&#x200B;

We liek to play

A little bit

Our favrit game

Is Tag You're It

&#x200B;

But I too quick

An he too slo

I think he is

A strange doggo
[deleted]
Little skunky boy wants a buddy.
Awhhh. Flower is having a good time
Your dog is clearly about to have some sort of fantastic adventure, this can only be the start of some Disney film.
I work overnights and walk home when my shift ends around 4am. I've seen some bizarre nocturnal animal behavior over the years. The weirdest being a skunk and a stray cat hanging out side by side near the curb of a bar. They looked like 2 lifelong friends waiting for a ride after closing time. 

Also, I wish my dogs had such a pleasant experience with skunks as this.
Having had a few pet skunks I can assure you they are playing, your dog and that skunk are friends lol
Is the skunk playing with Oliver, though?
I don't have video because it was in the days before everyone filmed fucking everything, but I had a cat that was friends with a squirrel for a couple years.  Hell, it was pre-digital camera.  I would have had to go out and buy film to get a picture.

She and the squirrel would play much like this, though quite a bit more jumping and tumbling (turns out squirrels are fucking squirrelly, who knew?) but the cutest part was how how they would sometimes just sit together.  My cat would be doing that thing where they sit with their tail curled around her feet, and the squirrel would sit right beside her, on his back legs like they do while eating.

Come to think of it, that relationship was probably why my yard had so many squirrels/animals in it.  We had some weird ones too, there was one who would lie flat on his back on the fence sleeping for hours at a time or the fat one who looked like a baseball with fuzz, all the babies...

I don't miss how tiny the house was, buy I do miss the wildlife.
When your dog really wants a sibling but settles for the savage animal it finds in the back yard.
If you listen really close you can hear the skunk say "Keep your guard up my cheri, I am coming to find you! You may call me streetcar, because my desire for you is everlasting."
My dog also played with a white backed skunk that used to live on our street. He ran ahead of me one day when I let him off leash. They were playing like two puppies. I assumed the skunk had already sprayed earlier in the week and didn't have anything left to hit him. He did it twice and both times, it was like to old friends doing zoomies and having fun. Both times it set my nerves on end. 

I count my dog and myself as lucky. It's been several years, and I'm sure the skunk is long gone, but oddly enough, they were pals.
My dog (a bichon frise) LOVES raccoons, kitties, skunks, bunnies, etc. He thinks they are all his friends. One time i caught him in our backyard trying to snuggle with a raccoon and the raccoon looked so confused. I didn't know raccoons could look confused but it really did. But I started screaming and he ran away, and Bambi was sad. But you know it could have rabies. So now he always has to be in the backyard with our Shih tzu, Boodie, who hates all animals besides dogs lol
Pepe thinks cat is skunk, now thinks dog is skunk. 

It's all fun and games until somebody uses their stink glands.
fartpuppy*
Bruh u breavin heavy
I didn't read the whole thread but skunks are usually nocturnal, although I may be mistaken. Seeing one in the day time is usually a sign of rabies. I would be concerned beyond the threat of odor.
You sure that skunk doesn’t have rabies? They act like that when they do
Number two carrier of rabies in North America, be careful.
Skunks are generally nocturnal so there’s a chance that skunk may have rabies. I’d check your dog for bite marks and call animal control if you see the skunk out during the day more.
So coincidental to see this today because Saturday evening when I called my cat in, he came running around the corner followed by Shortcake, a skunk that’s been hanging around our yard. She’s part of a litter that lives under my neighbors deck.

Edit: ironic to coincidental. Per the grammar police.
I've never seen a skunk with so much white hair before! This video is the cutest
guess he made it past the butt sniffing stage without incident
Did your dog accidentally get a white strip of paint down its back?Because that's how this happens according to the Warner Bros nature documentaries I watched as a kid.
Just walked out to my back yard to see a skunk chilling 5 feet from my back door only a couple minutes before seeing this post. My house is on the edge of a large park, so I see them fairly often. Have yet to get sprayed, they just kinda walk right off when I see them. Contrary to popular belief, it seems that you really have to spook them for them to spray you.
Is that not the whitest topped skunk of life??
I’m happy to be alive today bc I got to see this
I can just imagine the reaction of the mother skunk when this baby got back home - *"Where the hell did you get to!?! You stink  like a dog!!"*
♪ People, let me tell you 'bout my beeeest frieeeeend ♪
That's way too cute!!
Cute! I wonder what the skunk would have done if it caught the dog
One of the many times my dog got sprayed, she brushed on to me right before the school bus was going to pick us up.  I went to school anyway and was sent home mid class lol. 

And she wouldn't give a damn about being sprayed either.  Same with porcupines.
One of the funniest things I have seen. Made my day.
Skunks are good friends, occasionally stinky, but good friends.
Apparently it's pretty rare, but I recently found out dogs can get very sick from an anemia caused by skunk spray that gets in their nose or mouth. There has been an increase in the skunk population in my town lately and my dog got sprayed by one in her face. She started acting weird the next day and died 2 weeks later. Her symptoms were all consistent with the anemia from the toxins in the spray and after some research from us and the vet it seems that is what happened to her. It is very, very rare, but I would always rather someone be informed in case something does happen than not know. Really cute video, though!
Dog: AYY YOU HAVE A WHITE FLUFFY TAIL!!

Skunk: AYY YOU TOO!!

DOG: \*runs around\* AYY!!

Skunk: \*runs around\* AYY!!

DOG: \*runs around\* AYY!!

Skunk: \*runs around\* AYY!!
That's some Disney shit there.
Noticed the video is in daylight. Skunks are nocturnal and usually aren't active in the day unless something is... wrong. May want to make sure your pupper has his rabies vax, and you may want to call animal control. At the very least keep a close eye on the skunk.
Skunks are nocturnal and timid, this behavior in day time hours is a bad sign of rabies...you should call animal control and get your dog to the vet asap.
Awww! They are having so much fun!
Oliver likes to live dangerously.
Can someone add the Benny Hill "Yakety Sacks" sound track to this?
Skunk seems to be having fun too. Tail isnt even up
First thing I saw when I woke up.. Made my day already!
Can we all stop for a second and simply adore the stunning beauty of this skunk? Look at this beautiful stinker!
That’s so stinking cute.
This, truly, is the most dangerous game.
Am I the only one worried about that skunk having rabies? Being active in the daytime and agression are the first symptoms 😬 don't let your dog play with it!
Getting a video isn't the lucky part.  Not having a skunked dog is the very lucky part!
Videos taken seconds before disaster.
I see a Disney movie coming
Time to get a second dog ;)
Oliver: "Speed? I am speed..."
Dog: I'M RUNNIN' CIRCLES AROUND YA.
Guess Pepe gave up on cats.
Puppy Le Pew
Oh my that looks like the spitting image of the skunk I raised. She was pretty much all white up top. She and our dog used to play like this all the time. I haven’t seen her in ages. She eventually went to full time wild skunk with occasional visits but they would get more sparse as time passed. I would imagine she has since passed away at this point and that you’re probably not in West Michigan so it’s unlikely to be her. So cute. Brings back memories for me.
That skunk's all like "slow down dude, I'm built like a corgi here."
The way the skunk runs is so darn cute haha
Yeah but things get real when smelly kitty fires off the funk cannons. 🤢


Still gag just thinking about how foul skunked up wet dog fur smells. Tomato juice it does nothing!
Sweet. And wow. What a beautiful skunk. Every one I've seen has been lovely but this one is especially so.
Animals showing us that if they can get along, we can too
Dog: 0

Skunk: also 0

Happy ending all around!
That is the most wholesome thing I've seen all week lol thank you OP
And here my dog just got out and rolled in deer shit!
My 2 dogs got recently skunked in early August. They proceeded to enter the house and rub themselves all over the couch and area rug. They still smell like skunk after dozens of baths with odor controlling animal  products. Fresh skunk smell up close is like burning rubber.
My father-in-law's dog made friends with a mother skunk that hid her babies under a shed on their property.  He would run ahead when taking a walk with my FIL and disappear under there for a hit each time.  He just was checking on them to make sure they were ok.
>-*May I call you darling? You may call me Streetcar, because of my desire for you.*

>-*Where are you going? Intimacy is difficult at this range!*

>-*I am coming to get you. We will sail the sea of matrimony together.*
Someone alert Disney, looks like we’ve got a successor to The Fox And The Hound!
<Disney has entered the chat>
Weed smells like mild skunk
The zoomies are strong in this one
Your dog likes playing with fire.  Skunk spray, and possible rabies.  Hopefully just the former is all you ever have to worry about.
I absolutely love skunks. My Grandma had a pet one that roamed the house like a cat. That being said, I was always taught to avoid friendly appearing skunks in the daytime as it CAN be a sign of rabies. Rabies is no joke! Just don't want anyone (or any pets) to get sick. I wish rabies wasn't something we had to worry about. 

'Skunks are known carriers of rabies; therefore any skunks observed behaving abnormally or sickly should be avoided. The following symptoms may indicate the presence of rabies or other neurological diseases in mammals: disorientation, impaired movement, paralysis or lack of coordination, unprovoked aggression, strange vocalizations, excess salivation, and unusually friendly behavior. If you see this behavior, avoid the animal and notify your local police or animal control officer".
[deleted]
Pepe le pew is really getting desperately
Just like how our cat would "play" with snakes and mice... she was the most adorable killing machine.
How come dogs can just be instant friends with any animal? It's not fair. I want those powers
I believe the agreed upon terminology is a 'fart squirrel'.
Omg my dog looks almost the same as yours and his name is Oliver also
I smell a Disney animated movie incoming
Aren't skinks nocturnal? Isn't it outside their behavior to be scuttle butting during the am hours? I am just eternally paranoid about rabies.
Good boy is just having fun
I love skunks, my buddy had a pet skunk that he acquired thru some reason i can't remember . He was so cute and fun. Beautiful creature to he was mostly all white, he was more like a dog with a bit of cat curiosity.  Anyhow  you begin to forget they are an evil creature that are capable to destroy you with just a spray.
That skunk's enemy AI looks pretty rudimentary.
Um, that skunk 100% has rabies.
Oh, Oliver, what fun you’re having. This makes my morning better.
Might want to watch for signs of stalkish behavior and listen for French accent on skunk’s part.
He's playing with a fart kitten???
Only two explanations:. That skunk was either a rescue or a pet OR it's rabid.
My dad used to feed a family of skunks at his hunting camp. I didn't know about it and rolled in there one night and there were 8 of those fuckers staring at my from under the camper. I nearly shit myself when Dad came out the door and threw them a biscuit. I thought for sure he was about to get sprayed. They came around for years, and there was even an albino at one point.
Skunks carry rabies.  Skunks acting weird like this also may carry distemper.  This is def. an odd behavior for a skunk, I would most def. be very cautious in allowing this to continue - maybe even call a Wildlife Removal Expert.
Maybe it’s playful...maybe it’s rabies.
I got a dog-skunk story!

My white shepherd was a serious hunter. I am not proud of it but over 7 years he killed about 200 animals or so (not including salmon and other fish). Uruk brought back muskrats and nutria, opossums, raccoons, squirrels, moles, gophers, and more. He even killed a few porcupine.

But he never brought back a skunk - no. Three times my dog attacked skunks and three times we regretted it. The smell was horrible (pro-tip: use tomato juice and let it dry) but the real damage was to my dog's face: those skunks ripped my dog's snout to shreds a few times. 

Skunks are seriously tough animals - more like a badger than a raccoon. 

P.S. That was a long time ago, my first dog. I learned to teach my german shepherds not to go after animals and they don't.
Im not trying to spoil the fun but skunks become infected with rabies and then begin to display behaviors that are unusual. Please make sure your dog is vaccinated because the protocol for animal quarantine is awful. 

Sorry for being a downer, just be safe
OP later that evening...  
  
*Do you smell it? That smell. A kind of smelly smell. The smelly smell that smells... smelly.*
The skunk looks healthy, but I'd still make sure that your dogs rabies vaccination is up to date.
Cue Van Halen “Running with devil”
let the dog and skunk play
some relationships are just destined for failure.
Quite a skunk!
u/stabbot
That’s adorable!
It's all fun and games until he tries to hump it.
This is so cute. Look at that little skunk go!
Come back. I need to practice my spraying without a moving target! - skunk.
Precious.
Hopefully he doesn't smell like skunk!! That's super cute Ɛ>
They are best buds
This is just to previous for words!
That is a really beautiful skunk. Very fluffy

Not the normal coloring you see skunks depicted as having
"Hey you, hold still... I'm trying to aim my ass at you!" -Skunk, probably
This is why I don’t eat skunk! They’re just like dogs!
Wholesome. Thanks
you wouldn't believe your so? nice.
Reminds me of that toy story song, how did it go? 🎵 you got a friend in me 🎵
Skunks just want some love :(
I love skunks so much. I also love dogs. This is the world I want to live in.
This is so stinkin' cute.

(Get it?...Stinking cute)
I have a friend that has two pets skunks. They're really cute, but definitely little hell raisers.
The Dodo is going to get on this shit so fast.
Crazy fact, skunks are actually really soft and pretty cool animals. Got to pet one when I was a kid that had the scent gland removed, pretty dope.
That's amazing and probably great start for the morning!
ngl that's cute af
Hopefully he will not make that skunk angry
That’s honestly one of the coolest things ever
Thank you kind human
I would have lost it. I love this lol.
Well, skunks are generally friendly, curious and playful. And there's an incentive not to get on their bad side...
humans can learn a lot from dog and skunk...old Russian proverb
This is so fucking wholesome!!
That's a beautiful skunk. Never seen one that looked like that before
My overly friendly jack russell terrier did this as a puppy and got skunked. Worst 2am deskunking process and our entire house still smelled like skunk for a week later!
Best thing I've seen all day
Hes just trying to sniff ass but the skunk wont let him because he wants to keep this friend around for once :<
Screw the comment section. This post was 10/10 wholesome and that skunk was having a blast.
This is your life now
This is an adorable Disney movie waiting to happen.
It’s like a cute kids movie story. Never knew this was needed till now lol
That’s crazy lovely. Hopefully he doesn’t upset the skunk in anyway
Skunk is having a good time .
This is the most adorable thing I’ve seen in a while. Realized I don’t know anything about skunk behaviour, like how social an animal are they? I wouldn’t have expected one to be so playful.
I got sprayed by a skunk once! I was about 10 and tried to pet it. Then it stood up on it's front paws in handstand fashion and sprayed me lol
Could’ve gone so wrong.
Glad it went so right.
playing with fire lol
My heart just started its period.
Disney will be in contact for the rights soon.
I never knew fartsquirrels were so fluffy
If you see skunks in the day time there’s a huge chance they have rabies pleases be careful.
Hilarious! Our cat has befriended the local raccoon pack. I first discovered the relationship when I peeked over the crazy neighbor's fence. She feeds the raccoons and, apparently my cat made herself at home... She was in the middle of 3 or 4 big ones. Next, I noticed her rolling around at night making weird noises... She was calling to this big ass raccoon a few feet away from her. Interspecies love I guess.
Except for that familiar problem, they're very gentle animals. I had a momma raising her kits under my garden shed, and they were adorable. I just didn't get too close so they wouldn't feel threatened.
Awwww. Have you ever seen two skunks play? It's the cutest thing ever.

I was walking through my area one night and see a skunk. They're really common here and they're generally safe to walk within a couple of feet of as long as you don't surprise them. 

He's just wandering around doing his thing and the next thing another skunk comes hurtling out of a bush, across a lawn to boop him in the back. They bounced about a bit and then just wandered off together. 

Obvious issues aside, I want a pet skunk so much.
I've wanted a pet skunk for a while (de-scented obviously) and this is making me want one more. Too bad they're illegal in my state =(
This is the best thing I've seen all day
Skunks are just stinky dogs.
Skunks are so damn cute.
That’s just pepé le pew.
That's a dangerous game.
 im literally crying i cant
Can someone please put the best friend song into this video?
In Pepé Le Pew’s voice: “You stop resisting me, bebe, and I'll stop resisting you.”
Pepe le pew falling in love with a looney tune again?
I remember reading a while back about people with skunks as pets. They are apparently very playful animals from what I recall. Cool to see this!
"Mooommmmm can my friend Stinkycat stay for dinner??"
My dog made friends with a squirrel through the glass at my house i first thought the squirrel was fucking with my dog but they both are just super curious about each other and my dog is an idiot who thinks the squirrel is another dog to play with so she gets super excited and scares it but it keeps coming back I’m afraid they won’t be so friendly if i open the door
I knew this girl who SWORE skunks smelled like lemons. She actually thought they smelled good. Lol
This is the cutest thing I’ve ever seen and I’m actually going to die, is all.
Lucky the skunk knew they were playing.....
SO stinkin cute!
Skunks need love too.  I love you skunk.
He's having a great time! 😂
MAAAAA! There's a strange fucking dog out there! I don't want it starting a fight with Oliver!
My neighbour and I had cats when I was younger. The two cats used to sit on her back porch with the skunk that lived under the porch. She showed me a picture of the three of them all in a row once. They were never sprayed.
For those paranoid about rabies.. it's a myth.. that skunks are rabid if they are up in the day hours..
Yes skunks are nocturnal but it can be common for them to be active during the day too..
They prefer to be called fart squirrels.
So special thank you for sharing
Top ten moments before disaster.
Skunks are Lowkey really cute but you’re playing with fire there doggo
I had a dog that tried to play with a skunk - she took full blast right to the face.  Then, she promptly ran into the house smearing her face on anything and everything to try and get it off, including the carpet and my bed linens.  The smell was so overwhelming that we stayed in a hotel for a few days to let air out.  We threw out my sheets and had to replace the carpet.  That shit is no joke.
Gonna Cc r/awwtf on this one. Lol.
"TAG, you stink!"
Glad the skunk wanted to play instead of spray.
Skunks are interesting animals. I, on accident, have walked right passed a skunk before and he didn’t seem to mind and startled me more than I did it.
Growing up we had that happen with a cat. They had a great time together. Skunk stuck around for a week hoping we would let the cat back outside to play.
I’ve seen this when the skunk has rabies. They lose their fear.
You got yourself a new cat.
ah so cute
I wish my dog would play with them instead of grabbing them and shaking them. She’s a German Shepherd and has been sprayed twice. The first time we had to let her in the house after. Months...  it took months to get rid of the smell.
No, you're really lucky that the skunk was just playing. Because that smell just lingers and lingers no matter what you try.
They say skunks are great pets if you remove the stink sack, is that  true?
something tells me that the skunks bad eyesight along with the dogs short stature + white tail fooled the skunk long enough for them to become pals.
I was skunked once when I startled one ridding my bike. I took baths in Bloody Mary mix (for some reason I had a lot at home). It kind of helped, but obviously time is the only true remedy.
I have a cat that plays with a skunk.  Freaks me out every time because I think he'll get sprayed, but they're buddies.
A coworker of mine got divorced a couple years back. He told me his wife insisted on keeping the dogs since the kids loved it so much. We're sitting in the break room one day when he gets a call from his ex-wife. She tells him the dog has been skunked and she doesn't know what to do, so he needs to come take care of it. He responded with "that sounds like a problem for a husband, which I no longer am"... and hung up.
My dogs name is also Oliver.
Pure magic, thanks for the video.
one day someone or something will try to mess with that dog and will get peppy le pewed. (or skunked, which ever is funnier)
This is how a rabid skunk acts ...

 [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvu5-TGvU-k](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvu5-TGvU-k)
That's gotta be terrifying to watch as the dogs owner.  The skunk gets annoyed and BAM, you're life is done for a week.
Skunks are so playful. I was once chased by three baby skunks for about half a mile across campus one night. They just kept on after me and chased me all the way into a back door of a residence hall. They then ran over to a dumpster and climbed in to chow down on some snacks. They were just tiny packets of joy that I so would have loved to play with if they weren't also tiny packets of stink. They just loved being the scariest predator on campus I think... They probably had so many students running from them that night lol. One of my favorite memories from college honestly.
YOU'RE A WEIRD DOG BUT I LIKE YOU
Have you ever tried skunk meat? Asking for a friend..
I think this is why dogs and humans get along so well, we both have an inclination to try to bond with *anything*
Is the skunk playing though?
Plot twist.  The rabid skunk is desperately trying to bite the dog.
1/4 Cup of Baking Soda, 1-2 teaspoons of Dawn Dish Soap, 1 quart of 3% Hydrogen Peroxide. Mix it all in a bucket; use immediately. Leave on for 5 min. Rinse with warm water; then clean with regular soap and shampoo. Can be used on people and animals (from personal experience). Should take care of the smell the first time; has for me. Be careful with the peroxide, because if you have dark hair (or dark fur) it can bleach it. Do not use more than 3% or it can burn.
Skunk: “Ahhhhh Im gonna get you!! ahhh”

Dog: “Ahhhhh No you aren’t ahhhhh”
Isn't a skunk being out during the day a little weird and a possible sign of rabies? Not to put a damper on the cute interaction, but you might need to ask animal control if you should be worried.
That could be a rabid skunk trying to bite your dog.
What an idiot.  Get your dog inside.  Call animal control you moron.
This is too cute. And what a beautiful skunk and adorable dog!!!
I heard skunks (with the stink gland removed) make okay pets.  Dunno if it's true or not.
This is the most wholesome thing on the internet. Thank you.
That is absolutely adorable!!! How precious! Thete usrd to be a family of dkunks who would walk down my road every evening in a single file:father,mother,3 babies...all in a row! When they woul
I don't live in a skunk area any more, but I remember as a kid if one got hit by a car you could smell it from a mile away and all day.
Aww! My Bassett used to do this with the skunk that ate bugs under our security light at night. They’re super playful and are pretty cute 🥰
The Skunk and the Hound 😍😂
A quick warning skunks carry rabies and parvo.  Make sure your dog's vaccines are up to date.  Also don't let them share a water bowl as other diseases can get transferred that way
Skunks are nocturnal and they really shouldn’t be out during the day. Wildlife experts generally say an animal might have rabies if it’s out during the day when it should be out at night. Be careful with your dog.
They’re better than us, I know this because humans constantly disappoint in an either or and animals constantly surprise.
This is adorable an hilarious. Glad your dog found a friendly skunk lol!
That's a honey badger I think
I'd buy a few jugs of tomato juice as insurance.
Anyone else immediately think rabies?
[deleted]
No thank you. Experienced my dog being sprayed by a skunk. Made many bad decisions after it immediately happened. Did do the Dawn, baking soda, peroxide mix.

Also aren’t skunks nocturnal? They don’t have have good vision, eyesight. They don’t like lights.

I know some folks keep them as pets. Getting those glands removed.

Cute video though. I just want NO part of that.
r/titlegore
/u/vredditdownloader
that aww moment is gonna turn into an unnnghhhh gross moment real quick
He's a good boye. A stinky good boye.
Shit, I could watch that all day.
Stinky badger
Awww their friends now too cute
Well this is going way better than the last time my dog met a skunk.
Your neighbor is a mouth breather. Time to move.
When your the best of friends...
Strangerthings be like
Skunk:hopper 
Dog:alexi
Once the skunk get him the dog gives him the most im-paw-tant dog secrets
Skunk be like: IF YOU EVER STOP RUNNING, I'LL END YOU LITTLE SH\*T
That is one beautiful bushy skunk
My dog has no nose.
Do you have a cairne terrier?
My childhood dog had a VERY different experience with a neighborhood skunk. Happy for them this worked out.
They are playing “tag” and the skunk is “it”
It’s Flower ❤️
Chase me! Chase me!
That skunk is HUGE. I only ever see them the size of chihuahuas but this guy is as large as a honeybadger.
Stink-fluff.
We’ve seen them a bit larger around here. That seems to be an average size
Damn Oliver can *zoom*
r/zoomies
So stinkin cute!
A friendship was born.
You buried the lead. I'm not surprised at a dog playing with a skunk, but the skunk is happily playing with the dog!
The most dangerous game of chase that has ever existed 😉
It’s all fun and game until the skunk gets mad.
That is one big freaking skunk!
*insert song from The Fox and The Hound*
Aren't skunks nocturnal?
Why is your neighbour breathing so heavily, please tell him/her to get it checked.
That dog is taking a lot of chances playing with a spicy squirrel
The skank is pretty cute too
I'm pretty sure that skunk is trying to seduce your dog.
Good thing they didn’t sniff each other’s rear end.
Is that really playing or are they hunting each other in circles?
Is that a Cairn Terrier?
I'm pretty sure that skunk is really just the skunk car driven by Bo Peep
This is adorable.
That's either a small dog or an enormous skunk.
When my dogs try to interact with a skunk it always ends with 5 dog baths..
Bro, uh, your dog... is not quite right.
r/unlikelyfriends
Aww that looks like my dog but with 1 extra leg. It just makes me think that my dog would be even happier than he already is if he didn't know what it was like to live with only 3 legs.
so fun.
Mr. Peanutbutter?
Reminds me of Sims for some reason, I don't think dogs could do this but skunks were basically part of the family
What a damn fun boy he is
I’d take my kiddo to watch that movie...
Fine looking skunk.
Might be someone's pet skunk that got out.
Hey. Theres one thing to hate about living in San Diego, our dogs getting sprayed by skunks!
And the skunk is also playing with the dog!
Skunk that is,😆😁😁😁😁😄😄😃😀😀😃😁😆😅😅😅
In the infamous words of Steve Irwin, ‘danger, danger, danger’
Disney movie waiting to happen
Zoomies around Pepe'
u/vredditdownloader
IME they only spray when they feel endangered, apparently, your Pog has a good demeanor & saved all of you a very smelly hassle.
"Small stinky friend has come to play!!"
Spicy squirrel
I've seen a cat family and a skunk family play together. It was hilarious and cute. It was back in the 90s, so no camera phone evidence. It took place in Reno, Nevada. It was cute but also very strange. The moms were no where to be seen. Lol
Risky puppo, playing with smell puff.
Own so cute until the dog don’t get sprayed
Skunk and the Hound
Like something out of a disney movie this. A spin off from "The fox and the hound" perhaps?
Dogs are just the best
inb4 this turns into a disney movie
Geez that's adorable. Where is this? That skunk has so much white.
That’s really sweet. I hope he didn’t get sprayed. That would not be cute.
I looove the way skunks run
Is that skunk aberrant?
“Googling word”.....yes it seems as such
This is something we just don't get the privilege of seeing in the UK. Very cute stuff.
Pepe LePew: Just let me love you!!!
My dog tried that once and got us both sprayed.
Shit for a second I thought that was a honey badger and your dog was a goner, phew.
Low key nice neighbours for not being upset at the dog and even went as far as send you a cute video of him.
Thats awesome! Coolest skunk I've ever seen! Almost all white on top! No black in the tail!
This the cutest thing I’ve seen in a while
What kinda dog is he?? Any close up pics??
What a beautiful skunk!! 

(And it's good that the skunk knows they are playing!)
Well they look like they're having fun, no reason for him to get sprayed while playing, have fun guys!
Le Pue !!!!!
You know what’s wrong with that? Absolutely nothing.
Risky business.
That skunk has never been so terrified/happy in it's whole life.
Skunks are slow
So he isnt stinky?
Hide and go stink
We don't have skunks over here, but I always thought they were squirrel size.. that thing is huge!
This warmed my heart.
What in all tarnation.
[deleted]
AWE
oh my :)
What a good boy
They both seem happy together!!
Looks like a lovely spot to live
Why can't the skunks in my town play and not spray?
So cute!! The skunk sure looks to be having fun too!
If that was in landscape mode...
Skunks need love too, it’s just that everyone’s afraid of them...except this dog.
Fuck reddit video player.
That's funny shit .
..omg
That skunk's white fur is so white it should be the mascot for a laundry detergent.
Dog: 'Can I keep him?'
I would love to see how these 2 first met.
I don't know dogs, so how do you say if the dog is playing with another dog or any other animal?
Ive never seen so much white on a skunks back before
The one with the sharpest fangs wins
How peculiar
Are we sure that that isn’t a cat with a wig?
About a week ago I let my dog out to use the bathroom right before I layed down for bed. It was dark but she seen something moving around so she chased it and started barking at it viciously. I go outside to check it out and she had got sprayed by a skunk! It was such a god awful potent smell. Some people compare it to the smell of weed? No wayyyy! This smelled like someone dumped chemicals in the back yard. Or someone was burning rubber tires outside. 
👎🏽👎🏽👎🏽
Rox and Rouky Remastered
What are they playing?
My name is Oliver, I like skunks
Heavy breathing intensifies.
So cute
I once ran over a skunk. Maybe 15 years ago? 

It was on a highway really late at night and I didn’t see it :(. I felt terrible! But the smell permeated my car for MONTHS. in the dead of summer. Nothing helped (didn’t know about hydrogen peroxide and dish soap then) and it was a hot summer. 

Needless to say I am a super cautious driver now and I cannot ever smell febreeze without getting nauseous.
That is a smelly kitty, not a skunk. My pup is envious right now.
Who is a dumb boy?
Future Disney movie
It's all fun and gzmss until he shows up at the door with his fren and they want in...
that's so cute! hope it doesn't end in a tomato bath
>I would’ve never believed it

Stop being so distrustful of your wife
Missed half the video reading the title lol but good stuff!
"HahahHahahHahhaha... ahhh... okay, okay, really. Let me tag you now or I'll give you the stank"
Skunks are honestly so stinking wholesome. Every time I see one dead by the side of the road my heart sinks. They are such a handsome looking mammal. They deserve better by us humans.
Nice  neighbours you got mate.
Nice
Just make sure your boy doesn't bring home his new friend
You could tell by the audio that the neighbor is really loving this, and so does most of Reddit
Disney in real life
If you don't want to bother making your own, pet shops carry a de-skunker spray. I think it's made by Nature's Miracle. You can also use it to deskunk anything the dog touches, like furniture or rugs.
The historical documents have told me that the skunk wants to fuck your dog.
Is no one gonna acknowledge the heavy breathing?
Absolutely adorable, humans really can learn from animals, this is total freedom, with your emotions and feelings of one another, without judgement 🤞🦄🤘♻🌏
Looks like they’re having a rad time
That is freaking adorable. I am so glad they were actually playing. Not "playing". Aka getting sprayed after playing too rough.
/u/vredditshare
Old Pepe le Pew, he’d fuck anything.
That is so stinking cute!
I've got a fren...
Why am I the only person distracted by the weird light moving around to the right whenever the camera pans more right? Lol
Did your dog get sprayed though? That's a hilarious video.
You’re dog is very progressive. He doesn’t see colour.
I had a skunk many years ago.

He was a fun little guy that was playful like a dog, but also liked to do handstands and charge at things.

&#x200B;

He didn't seem to be able to see very well though. I dunno if skunk vision is just bad or if it was just him or what, but he had a real hard time telling things apart unless they were right up on him.
My dog would do the same thing
We had a couple of skunks that used to come into our yard in Boston and romp around. We assumed they were a couple, so some nights, we'd put a boombox out there and play some Peter Gabriel or Anita Baker, you know, something to help set the mood :D

Ahhh... skunk love :D
That's a really wholesome vid - just what my Monday morning needed. Thanks!
I could see my dog doing this, she wants to play with everything.
The Shunk & The Hound doesn't quite have the same ring to it. Hopefully it has a happier ending.
I'd have a heart attack being woke up like that.
Hahhahahah
So do Skunks just spit then and from the comments, it doesn't smell particularly great
This reminds me of my dog, he likes to chill with a hedgehog that lives in our shed.
I can smell the burning tires all the way through my phone 🤮
Regular pupper playing with stink pupper
I’m laughing at how fast the dog is compared to the skunk.  It’s borderline obscene.
The cutest thing I have seen for today
Um I do not need to see anymore for my heart cannot take it
TIL skunks are friendly creatures, and kept as pets in some places! How cute!
Saved to collection
It's almost like there's a way to film this so that you don't have to constantly jitter left and right.
Lucky as fuck he didn't get sprayed.
I feel so happy to see this video. Your neighbor are lucky to capture this seen. Really it was so Awesome to see here!!
That's just terrifying
Aweeeeeeeeeeeeee
Aww.  He’s made a friend!
Was the skunk playing back?
Cutest thing I've seen whole week!
Was having a shit day and this made me smile.
I can imagine the dog says, don't .. don't spray.. you smelly skunk.
Yikes! Tell me he didn’t get sprayed!
I dont think the skunk is playing he's aiming!😜
Honestly,I don't know how a skunk smells
aww;he made a friend.
HeY tHaT's My NaMe To
Cue the "let's be friends" song from Fox and the Hound
I’ve only seen a skunk once in my life but isnt that a big ol stinkyboi? Always imagined them smaller
I like stink otters. Why must they stink?
Sounds like Darth Vader is doing videography again
This is a Disney movie in the making.
Awww, this is precious! 😻
And in Oliver's time of need, the Skunk will reappear!
Hey Sir, they were not „playing”. If you want to expand knowledge about sog behaviours check Alexa Capra
He’s really running the gauntlet isn’t he?!
Sing Rabid skunk to the baby shark tune.  Then get that dog to the vet.
Lucky the skunk was in good humor
So did he get skunked?
I love this
There’s a Disney movie here somewhere.

Oh and P.S life hack for skunk spray is tomato juice apparently
Isn't it a bad thing to see skunks in day light?   I know with raccoons it means they might have rabies.
Future of homemade videos is very bright indeed
Super cute.
\*the skunk with that Nigerian accent\*:  "Why are you running?"

P.S.: I have nothing against Nigerian people :)
Surprised to see the skunk looks to also be playing!
Flower?
Skunk uses spray.. Its very effective.
That dog is crazy.
What does skunk spray smell like?
*I am Pepé Le Pew, your lover! I'm the locksmith of love, no? Touching, is it not?*
Awe...hey honey? Get the gun
Paging u/SchnoodleDoodleDo
Wait, gorillas dont attack like bears?
My dog got sprayed by one. His suffering through that was one of the worst times in my life. I miss you Shadow.
Awww! My dogs try to play with skunks too, but the skunks evidently don't like it. To me it smells like sulfur and rotten garlic.
**TIL I need a pet skunk.**
The skunk and the hound.  So cute.
u/vredditdownloader
That’s a happy fart squirrel
He's legit PLAYING with the skunk though. It doesn't look like the skunk is threatened or wants to spray.
That's adorable, but, if he gets skunked let it be known the skunk shampoos are crab. Your little guy will smell of skunk for awhile
I’m surprised the skunk is out during the day.
So are you adopting the skunk
Aww! ♥
How is the top comment not that a skunk out during the daytime, chasing a dog could very possibly be rabid?!
Haha 😆 love it
Disney presents: The skunk and the hound
Milion dollar bussiness idea, skunk pets bioengineered without that stinky liquid.
This is so fucking cute.
Our dog got Skunked and it too dad like an hour to figure it out. I didn't figure it out either until I noticed something smelled weird and smelled the dog to see if it was him...
It was him
Omgggg they're best friends!
hope the skunk isnt a sore loser!
My mom had a pet skunk as a child.
Skunk slow
Prepare for your dog to smell horrible for a week or longer
I wish mine played with it, they just got sprayed and killed it...
Stinky bois need friends too
That mouth breathing
That's a very fluffy skunk. I don't think I've ever seen one - are they all this fluffy ??
Awwwww ❤️
Do your neighbors have a pet skunk?
Yeet
*Bath time!*
That skunk is HUGE 😳
My dog tried this the first time he saw one as a puppy. "Oh hello new furry best friend. Oh my God no! What the hell man? What is going on. Mama Papa help! Why won't Papa give me hugs?"
Your dog moves like it's from a 1920s black and white film.
That’s so wholesome
Cute
The most dangerous game.
What's wrong with 'my dog playing with a skunk' as a title?
guess you have a pet skunk now.
Skunks can be quite playful!
Awww skunks are so cute. This is the best thing.
Do you want rabies? Because thats how you get rabies
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Am I doing it right?
I’m more amazed that the skunk is so playful. Just awesome.
Ahh, new BFFs. Everyone has had that shaggy friend with questionable hygiene.
That is awesome.   I love skunks
This is proof that even in animals racism is taught.
We had a skunk get into our garage and die, it had been injured. It took us weeks to find it and we were seriously ready to burn down the garage.  We just thought it was exceptionally bad spray - like “wow I didn’t realize skunk spray smells Ike a dead animal!”  So a friend suggested we paint the inside walls with Kilz paint and we found it when we moved everything out of the garage.  That was a really long three weeks.
This is a good way for oliver to get rabies. Skunks can carry rabbies, and a skunk playing with a dog is what i would call abnormal behavior.
Talk about unusual.... Did he get sprayed?
It’s all fun and games until your new friends butt explodes ....
Dangerous games.
