that dog's singing really speaks to my soul
A real life Snoopy!
My mans slaying it on the keys.
What a cartoonishly wonderful scene. That family must be so happy.
The way his tail and her butt wags even harder each time he hits a note. I love them!
This is the kind of video the internet was made for. That was great.
I wish I was invited to that party
Such a tortured artist, so beautiful
Hey, I recgonize that! It's Buddy Mercury.

 https://youtu.be/39xq5AATMp4
One of my dogs has decided it is past her bedtime and while I loved the video she responded to my listening to it with a huge groan of disgust and dismay.

I told her she sounds like an angry cow mooing and she gave me a look of pure outrage.
Sing us a song, you're the piano man
I like how the little girl actually enjoys the singing..cute little wiggles
Her dance moves are killin me
This is the purest thing I've seen in a while.
thanks i love it
Drunk friends
Awooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
They just need a kitty in the background pushing items off a table to complete the circle
Start a band
Puppers is in key and baby got the rhythm section down!  When are they playing Coachella
Howl at the tune
Aww man, this just made me miss my sweet beagle. RIP Lucy, your howls were annoying at times but I’d give anything to hear them again.
Where that super-like button at?
Some much pain in the lil guy 🥺
You ain’t nuthin but a hound dog 🎶
What a team!
Elton and the Beagles greatest hit 🤣
Just made my whole week
🤣🤣🤣sure seems like beagles are often very entertaining
That's a pianist's soul trapped in a dog's body.
You can’t make this kind of stuff up!!!
Everybody's ready for a barnyard dance!
Jeebus, take the wheel and drive me to this me to this place.
Piano? ✅
Guitar? ✅
Singing? ✅
Dancing? ✅

It's got everything! It is a party! 🎉
This is the best thing I've ever seen, and I'm old.
That kind of party might just cure my depression 🤡
“Sing us a song, you're the piano man
Sing us a song tonight
Well, we're all in the mood for a melody
And you've got us feelin' alright”
Reminds me of the Bluth Family Meetings/party
Looks like Calvin and Hobbes
[deleted]
Johann Sebastian Bark
They both got wiggle butt's.
/u/vredditshare
/u/vredditshare
that dog is kinda close to being on key with his howls.  

  AND OMG THIS IS ADORBS
This is Buddy Mercury. He has a youtube channel!
This should be in netflix.
Toddlers are insanity packaged small. They take all of your energy and mental capacity and leave you feeling exhausted. 

But dang do I miss it sometimes. They’re full of so much personality
Me and my friends after taking way too many shrooms and thinking we are making the most genius music.
Thats talent
R/beagle material right here
My last 2 brain cells when I have a paper due in 20 minutes
Absolute banger, can't help but sing along
isn't he trying to copy the sound ? that's quite impressive
[Sounds like that dog could team up with this one.](https://youtu.be/l6FvyLdNG6Y)
I’m digging the piano key dog collar lol
.. and I guess that's why they call it the woos...
Hey guys! It's me! Buddy Mercury!!! The singing piano playing dog! I just made a redit! Arooooooo!!!
This is my video. I'm so happy you shared it! We have a mission to make the world happy and also get more animals adopted! We have a website with merchandise (buddymercury dot com)) a pawcentage of the profits goes to help animal rescues!!! Love you all!!! Arooooooo!!! 🐕🎹🎙🎶
My dog used to do this on my toy piano growing up. God, I miss him.
I love the way the dogs tail wags during his performance
Gotta find the right key to howl to!
That dog has talent.
Ok the toddler is cute and all, but that's pretty standard toddler cuteness. The dog is the real amazing thing here. I've never seen a dog do something like this...
When I see dogs playing the piano and howling I like to think they were an amazing piano player in a previous life.
Thank you for this. I'm having a rough go of it these days and this has been one of the few things to make me smile in a while.
I love your life. Also... I just found out how empty mine is. Thank!
If your party isn't this lit, don't bother inviting me.
NGL, that dogs composition was beautiful.
I love that he almost seems to know what he's doing!
Dog literally goes r/aww
Betwooooven
Way off key. Could use some bark lessons.
Dog can really sing the blues. Any clues on what happened?
Nobody sings the blues like a beagle sings the blues...
WHY MUST I FEEL LIKE THAT

WHY MUST I CHASE THE CAT  


NOTHIN BUT A DOG IN MEEEEEEE
He puts the wolf in wolfgang mozart
An original composition...
Not gonna lie, that’s pretty damn impressive
Please do a tour, I would go to their concert and I hate going to concerts
Renowned musician Yo-Yo Mutt and rapper Da Baby recording their collab
This is a party I would pay to attend. I would even change diapers.
This made my day!
Oh, how I WISH I had the ability to give this multiple upvotes! r/Mademesmile
Me and the Doggie Blues Starring Roxxane the diaper shaker.
This is way better than Vampire Weekend!
You deserve gold for sharing this.
Doggo was pouring his heart out, man
Is r/dogsplayingpiano a thing?
I play AT LEAST as well as him and no one dances to my music like that baby!
Piano collar! Nice touch
Is the dog collar piano keys?
I love and hate that toy.
Is this Mr. Buttles? 😍
'Cause all of me

Loves all of woof

Love your treats and all your petting

All your pawfect impawfections

Give your paw to me

I'll give my paw to you

You're my end and my beginning

Even when I lose I'm wagging

'Cause I give you paw, paw, of me

And you give me paw, paw of woof
That's a cute trick. Worth the time to teach him for this video alone.
Love it
Me and the bois on a Saturday
This is so goddamn precious. ❤️
Made my day.
This reminds me of that video of a something like a ‘typical UK bar at 11am’?
This is me at karaoke night.
Didn't that guy used to play for the Beagles?
I've never wanted to pet a dog more in my entire life
Dog: "Pick it up, bitch; we got 15 more choruses to do."
This just made my shitty day great. Thanks for sharing
I love this so much. Omg
I could watch this for hours
I just put down my beagle on Saturday I miss hearing him howl at the birds. Shes got a best friend for sure :)
I want so much more of this, like hours of it.  I'd watch it on endless loop.
Aw I just noticed the doggo has a keyboard design on his collar. He's definitely got a rep
What a party animal!
u/vredditshare
That dog is more talented than all of the Kardashians put together.
The kid obviously learned her dance moves from the dog's tail wagging.
I’m tripping and this is amazing.
paging u/SchnoodleDoodleDo
imagine what that pupper is thinking lol
This made me smile so hard. Lol. Love it!!
When do tickets go on sale for this incredible event?
Bruh I am dying this is so fucking AWESOME HAHAH 😍😍❤️❤️❤️
Is that a piano key collar that dog is wearing?
Reminds me of the Charlie Brown clip for Christmas ahah
That dogs tail wagging so satisfying.
Goddamn it u/Thund3erbolt where do you keep finding this amazing content?
Look at his tail! 🐶
It's good to see that r/all can still produce gems like this :D
Nobody knooooows the troubles I've seen  nobody knows my sorrooooooooooooooooows
Sing us a song, you're the piano dog
Sing us a song tonight
I only wish my parties were this cool.
I would pay good money to watch that dog play live at Carnegie Hall
This should just be a channel.
It’s just meeee and the blues
Reminds me of Calvin and Hobbes.
Titles are everything! This one is perfect.
I didn't play with sound on. For some reason I'm imagining the dog singing "Mama oh oh ohooooo" part of Bohemian Rhapsody.
Presenting, Woofgang Amadeus Mozart
His technique's a bit ruff. Great voice though.
That is the fucking best thing I’ve ever seen.
"Sing us a song you're the piano dog."
That dog is a better pianist and singer than I am.
That was the greatest thing I’ve seen in weeks.
Is it just or am I the only one who has noticed that a baby and a dog are the ultimate duo.
I just love this video, it's pure joy and happiness!
This is the best video I’ve seen in quite a while.
Lol when she drops the toy and the dog looks over like "Oh shit you good?"
I've literally been at this party before.   Just more Ouzo and not nearly as adorable.
That kid's music taste is going to be weird as fuck when they grow up
I freaking love his solo twords the end. He speaks to the soul.


AHWHOooo...

AHWHOooo...

AWHOoooo..
Both of them would be a perfect fit for a NPC character animation on a video game. Just a busker band consist of animal and a dancing baby playing music on a side walk.
Bloody dog thinks he's smarter than me just because he plays the piano better...
I didn’t know how much I needed this
This is totally a scene from a Disney cartoon!!!
This is the best reefer madness reboot yet!
this is the best posting ever!!
In some ways, this is better with the sound off.
Oh my gosh those two are so cute...,   Off in their own little world of magic👐 not a care in the world.., just two good friends having a great and wonderful time.
The band is really coming together
I really needed this lol, I feel like it healed part of my soul
Can I hire this band for my next party
I’d go to this party.
I give the dog a lot of credit. It’s not easy to play the piano and sing at the same time!
This is the best thing I’ve seen all week!
🤩 i love it 

Play it like a jazz set doggy-o...
I would love to know what's going on in dog's heads when they do this. Is it like pushing a bruise that hurts, but also feels good?
It’s a pawty
I’d let this dog babysit
u/vredditdownloader
Its all fun and games until the dog starts playing in the middle of the night
It’s too bad he can only play in the key of Cmaj and A minor
Oh baby you! You got what I neeeeeeed. But you say he's just a friend.  But you say he's just a friend .
Did.......did I just watch a dog play the piano while singing a song? That dog is literally playing the piano and singing a song.
My father is a piano teacher and this dog still plays better than my lazy ass.
#You aint nothin but a hound dog
Is this jazz?
Caption should have read "Party Animals".  Just saying...
Fuckin musicians always partying till the sun comes up.   Get a job hippies
Does... Does this dog *understand* the concept of music? That's amazing.
[/u/vredditshare](https://www.reddit.com/u/vredditshare/)
/u/vredditshare
u/vredditdownloader
u/VredditDownloader
/u/vredditshare
reincarnation isnt real?

explain this dog then
Welp, shit down this subreddit. Nothing will ever capture its essence more than this video.
Does anyone know where this came
From? I’d love to credit the family
The child is soooo cute. These two have quite an act
u/vredditdownloader
When the dog said “woooo” I really felt that.
That cute booty swing! Adorable! My heart melts when watching this.
I don’t think I can ever see something cuter than this holy shit
Never heard such a banger before!
It's been a year since my beagle Ringo died. The howling in this video triggered a lot of positive memories.
Beagle!!! 😁
this might be the best thing i’ve ever seen
I love that dog's collar (and everything else about this video).
I don't know what the hell is going on in the most wonderful way
That touches my heart. ❤❤❤
Reminds me of snoopy when he throws his head back 😂
They are both waging their tails!
Aww!  How cute is this?
I vote this video the best on /r/aww ♥️💯♥️💯
This is the type of party I want to be invited to.
Truly awwsome
Thank whoever broke that dogs heart, they created a genius.
I'm sure your neighbors love it too..
["Gary, quit it! You're gonna start a howl!"](https://youtu.be/Jw0c9z8EllE)
What a happy household!
That dog is so into and proud of it’s music lol
This dogs plays the piano better than I can...
Omg I love dogs!!!!!
Still better than any mumble rap.
Imagine if this is your Saturday morning when you’re trying to sleep in.
I told you'd only see this in cartoons
Ready for Carnegie Hall!
We just need to give this dog an elaborate costume and he would become the Elton John of dogs.
THAT is how you live your best life right there.
Put this on Spotify instead of the trash
ooooooooooooooooof
Snoopy for real
Real life Disney cartoon scene
Old MacDonald had a hooOOOOOOOOOOOOOwl...
When’s the tour?
This is the greatest thing the world will ever achieve!
I love how he looks up before singing
Piano man, sing me a song
My heart just exploded. Thank you internet!
A beautiful moment. Thank you for capturing this.
This is just wonderful!
This is one of those no one will ever believe
Dog playing the piano and singing? Priceless.
I need this beagle
The Spider-Man 2 pizza delivery song plays in the last four or five seconds.
Is this the Disney live-action remake of  Oliver & Company? You can't convince me that that dog isn't secretly Billy Joel.
This is the entertainment at a bar in bizarro world.
I can see a band forming
“I invented the piano key dog collar!!”
I would pay big money to see them perform in concert! Front row seats and the VIP package!
So good!
This makes me cry
Her dance moves are killing me!
THIS DESERVES MORE GOLD BUT I AM BROKE! that beagle is quite the talented pianist!!
Piano_doggo has entered the chat.
Some classic tunes by ol' snoot yellington
How much are tickets?
That pup has way more musical talent than I.
I will probably keep playing this in loop today. And whenever I am down. To remind myself that.. I gotta party hard kid!
I like the ps2 Spiderman pizza theme at the end.
My last two. Motherfuckin. Brain cells.
It was one of the Bluth's better parties..
It's Barch!
So adorable. My Beagle doesn't much howl since we lived in an apartment for a few years. Definitely had to save this video to make me smile.
this is just amazing
This is the best post I’ve ever seen on r/aww
i don't think i've ever had that much fun....goals right here
Look at both of them shaking their tails...
I need to get my dogs a piano.
Best cover of Werewolves of London I've ever heard
My friend's dog does that during the 5th element scene.
I could watch this all day.
This child is goong to grow up thinking dogs can play the piano.
This post made me feel like everything will be okay. That's nice, ya know.
We need to talk about the fact that HE HAS A PIANO COLLAR.
u/Vredditdownloader
That would dive me nuts.  Wake up in the middle of the night to the dog playing the piano and howling?  No thanks.
Somebody won the lawwtery!
He’s really ready for an award!
You know how to have fun at lllpyour house. That dog is a real performer!
This totally looks like it could be an adult party, except the adults would be smashed out of their skulls, In this clip, there's definitive proof that kids and doggos are as insane as drunk adults
The sad thing is the dog can play and sing better than me, and the kid is a better dancer.
ooOOOoooOo !
So great. 😁
First time I’ve legitimately smiled today. Thanks 😊.
Bro.. that's Charlie Brown and snoopie in the flesh!
This just feels like a Good Dog Carl scene come to life:

&#x200B;

[https://www.thriftbooks.com/series/good-dog-carl/38255/](https://www.thriftbooks.com/series/good-dog-carl/38255/)
The internet never ceases to amaze me
I kinda make similar noises to that dog after the 6th beer.
That dog is goin through some *ruff*    times
So cute!
😂😂😂😂😂 loved both tails wagging!!!
This is more than a band!! A band with wiggly tail and fluff ear? This is illegal!!
He’s singing the song of his people
Hilarious! So cute
Invite me to the party please
These are the types of moments you want to be able to store away to bring out again when times get hard. It’s just a few minutes worth of happiness.
not so secret life of pets
Dogs have suddenly realized computers are taking over their hoomans. They are now matching piano notes. 😳
Oh baby you! Got what I neeeed...
Spontaneous parties are always the best parties
The Beagle Blues
This video made me smile in a way I haven’t in a long time! So adorable!
I never realized that he had a piano collar on
A little pitchy, dog
Is that the spiderman pizza song in the background at the end?
Holy smokes your daughter is rocking the [B. Woofer Hound Dog Guitar](https://m.barnesandnoble.com/w/toys-games-b-woofer-guitar/22449955?ean=0062243237827&st=PLA&sid=BNB_ADL+Core+Good+Toys+&+Games+-+Mobile+Low&sourceId=PLAGoNA&dpid=tdtve346c&2sid=Google_m&gclid=Cj0KCQjwoKzsBRC5ARIsAITcwXGb40aqkrrl9hurw951eCrGD7hzfx3bn8gML9_lCeCoV_MQL01YwxkaAmFsEALw_wcB)!!!
Thank you for this. I needed it
I think adding a hit hat sample to each tail wag would be interesting. Looks like the dog keeps good time.
I would name that dog Burt Barkarach.
My baby works from 9 till WHOOOOO!!
Live action peanuts movie!
I look very forward to the remix.
That hound got the blues!
This is now my favorite thing ever
Woah this party is just too wild. Wish I could hang like they can.
I feel like this could fit into the NYC subway video with all that other madness going on.
Lunatics!
My Last 2 Brain Cells During An Exam:
OMG...is he wearing a piano collar?
Everyone is laughing at the dog until 3.45
Teach that beagle the pentatonic scale!
Is that the fucking spider man 2 pizza song at the end isn't called Funiculì, Funiculà or something
Hey, my band is looking for a piano player and a plastic dog guitar toy player!
/u/vredditshare
Someone do an edit with giorno's theme please
Wow, best thing I’ve ever seen!
lmao hahaha 😂
I am WAY too late for anyone to see this but [this is all 8 could think of seeing that gif. ](https://youtu.be/QIG95k0pNq8)
“Ohhh baby YOOUUUU, you got what I NEEEEED”
It was one of the better Bluth family parties

https://youtu.be/QIG95k0pNq8
This is a Calvin and Hobbes strip come to life
This is the content I never knew I needed.
Looks like a commercial.
Blessed_party
really though it's like they're at two separate parties.
Im so jealous
Somebody's been in the alcohol again.....lol
FYI for those who don't have rooms full of noise machines -- that guitar is a DOG GUITAR, complete with howl function!!! So perfect for this.
Being a party animal starts young.
LookS like the dog just had a breakup!
😅 Aww. Love him. He sings better than some professional singers..
cutest thing ever
If anything today deserves my upvote, this is it.
okay...maybe I want a kid now.
Hahahaha that dog needs its own channel.
i'd go see them live.
Ok how does one download videos from Reddit
This is the best thing I’ve ever seen in my whole life.
Holy fuck
This looks like my last after party
This is fucking wonderful.  Thank you.
u/vredditshare
I'm the perfect amount of stoned for this
I’m on my phone, someone post about the wigglebutt subreddit!!
In all seriousness, this is amazing.
so funny
Synchronized butt shaking dance should be a thing
Does he have piano keys collar??? Is his name Beethoven?? 😍😍😂😂
Pizza time
This looks like [one of the Bluth family's better parties.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QIG95k0pNq8&feature=youtu.be&t=21s)
Johann Sebastian Bark
One of the cutest dog videos ever 😭
Without sound, you could dub this video with some jazz party music and it'd fit just righf
u/vredditdownloader
I watched this a lot.❤ so adorable. Singing the blues
The dog sings better than me. 😊
Doesn't matter, don't care, no! Fuck you! This gets my upvote now, and with every repost! EVER!!!
This is like a scene from All Dogs go to heaven. The doggy playing the piano and the little girl dancing.
Awwww! Thanks for posting this!
r/abruptchaos
Haha so cute. But I couldn’t imagine teaching my dog this. I would have to lock up the keys
Lit
Great piano tuner, works pro bone-o.
u/vredditshare
The tail tells the tale.
That's a mighty honkey tonk soundin pianer
Everyone just shut up ! Doggo is so much in mood. Let him sing!
Looks like the animal collective have taken a different approach
The only party I would go to.
This is peak internet.

When alien races come to our planet and ask us to prove our worth or be destroyed, we shall show them this video.
Best thing I've ever seen here
This is the single greatest thing I've ever seen.. like ever.
***Classic..
Not matter what.
***Classic.
Bow that's where I want to go when I die
I had a beagle who would howl constantly when I played the saxophone. This video reassured me that beagles just howl at all instruments...right?
Updog
I heard Mozart could play the piano backwards but had no idea he could do it by reincarnating as a toddler controlling a dog with dance moves.
When's the concert? I'm ready to mosh to this.
Literally the best thing I've seen all year
You ain’t nothin’ but a hound dog...
He knows exactly what he's doing...
Man, this new Stevie Nicks song is amazing
That has the right amount of wrong in it.
That is hilarious!
He ain't nothing but a hound dog cryin' all the time
Tight jam session
I know we say this a lot, but I actually firmly believe this is the cutest fucking thing I’ve ever seen
It’s like a damn cartoon
Thanks for sharing, greatest thing I’ve seen in a long time
Lol the dog is so into that piano
Quick, someone set this to the peanuts theme song
Who taught that baby to dance like that?
Go dog go! Haha
I dare you to try to party this hard
Snoopy???
That dog is Snoopy and Schroeder all in one
I would watch 8 hours of this.
This is everything.  Humblest thanks to whomever posted, I REALLY needed this today! ♡
Reminds me of that raucous family party they have in Arrested Development :D
I Love this
Howl anyone top this cuteness
Just excellent, thanks Snoopy
*You shake my nerves and you rattle my brain  
Too much love drives a man insane  
You broke my will, oh what a thrill  
Goodness gracious great balls of fire*
I didn't realize how much I needed piano playing dogs in my life until now.
The dog's collar is also piano keys 😍
Elton John would be jealous of that puppy playing the piano . That’s so  precious , pure and  adorable.
So much pain. What an artist
I don’t even need sound to appreciate this masterpiece
That dog has better piano skills than me...
At first it made me feel great. Then it felt creepy when I realized they train that dog to do that .....just to make that video.
Written by *David Lynch*

Directed by *AwoooOOooh*
This would win funniest home videos back in the day
Better than most parties.
[removed]
Think the records stuck
Pretty sure that song was about the baby and how she only plays with that dog looking guitar toy then actually plays with him the dog. I gotta go.
Saw a post of this dog singing on Instagram, a true artist
Anyone got the Spotify link?
His YouTube channel is called Buddy Mercury and he posts covers frequently.
This is absolute chaos
Mamaa
Oooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!
If your party is not as lit as this one, dont bother inviting me
This is so precious. You guys need to go pro!
Ma'am your dog is playing the piano
I hesitated over that. Writing it made me hear it two ways.
Hes been to see that new elton john movie and got inspired
This is the best video in the history of reddit
They are adorable！
You don't know my life OP
This is cute and also basically what happens in my brain when I dissociate.
Does this qualify as a ho down?
idk wht the title made me sing it in nacho libres voice “we are having fun at the partyyyy” 
(i know its i am singing at the party)
Where the link to the dogs debut album, I want!
This is some Charlie Brown shit.
“I got dem playin da piano gives me da playin da piano blues blues..”
When he sang “awooooo” I really felt that
Does your dog howl when you personally play the piano? It sounds like your dog is trying to copy the piano key’s pitch.
Bagel !!!!!! Yes beagle I know shuttup!
She was shredding too hard, her guitar strings broke, and she had to restring on stage. Luckily the pianist covered for her
Now imagine that good boy practicing...at 3 in the morning
As cute as it is when a doggie plays the piano, those doggie paws with those claws are probably bad for the piano.
I like how he loves playing so much he even has a piano collar
The dog's song actually gets pretty haunting.
 

24/5000  


The song of the dog is very beautiful  


The song of the dog is very beautiful
Nice
All that's missing is a baby passed out on the floor with it's bottle lying next to 'em.
Best video I've seen in a long time.
This dog is really singing the blues. He would have been up there with the greats during the 30s
His tail is his metronome
This hits me where I live
Freddie Barkury and Baby May.
This made me smile so much i started to cry.

I need to go back on my meds
"You ain't nothin but a hound dog...cryin all the time...."

*Awoooo!*
His collar has a frickin piano key pattern on it
Did u post this on r/beagles? I have a clip like this from when my daughter was little too! Such a beagle thing to do.
This guy needs a record deal ASAP!
Ok tfti to this party
The talent !
My kind of party!
Ever feel like you missed a storyline?
There are no better videos on the internet than this
Is this the live action Charlie Brown and snoopy movie?
When a dog is a better pianist than you
Dave Basset and the Howlers. Classic.
This came from wolves!
That's so beautiful
They’re headlining Coachella next year for sure
Elton needs to tour with pooch
Someone get that dog a howl at the moon audition.
Play it again, Sam.
r/rarepuppers
let me in ! let me in ! I give whatever to join this party !!
Let's smoke
That’s brilliant 🤗
Best song ever. Where can I download?
Next Bon Iver single
u/vredditdownloader
This is where I want to have my birthday party.
He's tuning himself!
I need tickets to this rave.
What a hoot!
A little pitchy for me, dog
This is the best thing I've seen in a long time
Is dancing in response to musical stimuli and generally positive environs and emotions an inborn thing for humans or is it learned?
Totally adorable
This is absolutely amazing.
*neighbours have left the building*
Interesting harmonies, but I can see what he was going for - well done.
My heart is bursting
u/vredditshare

Edit: https://gfycat.com/AthleticTinyBluetonguelizard
I could watch that dog play the piano and howl forever.
Its not the sequel to Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas that we wanted... But the sequel we needed
I wish I was just hanging out in that house, seems like a fun place lol
This dog is obviously the reincarnation of a famous pianist (possibly blues?). He's confused by the familiarity of the piano, and the crude instruments (paws, dog vocal chords) at his disposal. Tragic really, when you think about it. Don't waste your life being a philandering drunken musician, I suppose!
Everyone is having the most fun!
When a dog knows how to play piano better than you
Ohhhh goodness this is too much for my heart
It’s like that flashback in Arrested Development when they all got hammered together in Lucille’s apartment.
Is the dog wearing a piano key collar?
Making my way downtOOOOOOOOwn
Look at the dogs lil piano collar
This should be to set to the track of Tiny Dancer
My cat turned on my keyboard last night and started jumping on it

It was 3:30 am
Pfft, that baby is just standard cute. The dog is a fucking rockstar, he could go solo.
Lol you can't make these kinds of shit up. So gold.
Damn, I wanna party too
CUTE DOG
Just putting a comment here so I can show my mom. She loves kids and dogs.
 [/u/vreddit\_bot](https://www.reddit.com/u/vreddit_bot/)
u/vredditdownloader
Ohmygosh. My heart. 💚
Now play Salieri
This little guys name is Buddy Mercury from Long Island!
Reminds me of a Bluth party
this is fantastic <3
Wow that is amazing
Love the Spider-Man pizza Easter egg
This makes me wonder, if he was sitting properly, if you could teach a dog to play piano...
This has made me incredibly happy
This. This is why the internet was invented.
I have
The beast and the beautiful!
I love
Ray snarls
The yo-yo ma of piano
A beagle(?) playing Bowowthoven and a little girl dancing along.  Just what I needed
It's an actual snoopy
yea  such a funny moment and all love
Are you sure it’s even the same party?
My basset hound would do the same thing when I used to play the saxophone.  I couldn’t tell if I was hurting her ears or if she just wanted to jam along with me.
My last two brain cells during a test
If anyone's interested to see more videos from this family, look up Buddy Mercury on youtube. They legit have a piano playing singing dog. It's so cute
Why am I hearing the Charlie Brown song when I watch this? Too cute 🙂
You must sit at the piano and sing a lot.
I'm in love so perfect!
They should form a band.
Thank you for this
You... Got what I neeeeed!!!!!
"And although the intervention didn't work, it turned into one of the Bluth families better parties. "
Meatloafs first gig
That’s absolutely one of the best things I’ve ever seen in my life.
Better with sound off
There is almost nothing more beautiful than a dog's howl.
That kids toy played the freaking spiderman pizza theame and I died.
Aima steal yo dawg! ❤
This is the funniest thing ever.
Beagles love to howl
It's Buddy Mercury from Youtube and these videos are very recent.

Arooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!
u/vredditdownloader
The dog was completely out of pitch...
That dawg howls.
u/vredditshare
I can watch this for hours!
Not my tempo!
Loveit
This is so adorable
Omg omg omg!
When you and you homie do acid
I put this on at the same time as Post Malone/Swae Lee's "Sunflower" and it matched up perfectly
This is my favorite video on the internet 😂😍
Borkzart
Hollywood parties don't go this hard.
One of us!! One of us!! Gooble Gobble Gooble Gobble!
That dog just casually singing the blues.
What toy is that? She seems to love it!
🎵Play us a song, you’re the piano dog 🎵 🎵play us a song, tonight🎵
Dog is better than me at both piano and singing
Breaking Des Moines register: we did a mandatory background check and the dog had racist tweets 16 years ago...have to cancel this sorry
My dog just passed away a few hours ago, this was a good post to come across
I love this so much
The best🤩
The sweetest party ever. Or obnoxious
oh lawd they groovin
i need an old style disney animated song of this
Pictured: My last two brain cells when someone asks me a question
Omg, this is what it’s all for
i like how they both wag their tails
Very avant-garde
This is how Mozart sounds to aliens
This...this is permanently saved for when I'm having a shit day and need a pick-me-up. Fucking fantastic!
Dj nuggets
Not sure what he's singing but he's really putting his heart into it.  Clearly this song is deeply personal to him and means a great deal.
I know what I'm doing for my birthday this year!
I bet whoever taught that dog how to play the piano is regretting it now.
This is real blues. Kenny G eat your heart out
That looks like it was one of the Bluth family's better parties.
Ever thought that's a singer reborn into that dog's body ?  Must've felt horrible being trapped there.
I am going to make one of those videos for my family for when I pass away and I will start by sitting in a chair and I will say “I have something very important to share with you...” cut to this video
Puppers do love to sing.

I've got one that will deliberately try to get me going so they can all start singing together.
[u/vredditdownloader](https://www.reddit.com/u/vredditdownloader)
This is why I love Reddit so much.
Truly a talented artist, that dog.
u/vredditshare
I dunno..but the dog's solo was the best part.
Why do dogs do this?
All I could think was some poor lounge singer made a wish to be famous and some cruel genie turned him into a dog that warmed a million hearts on the internet and he’s desperate for someone to figure it out and free him.
The first 'Dog'star
I'd so buy their album.
it seems great in the video, but I bet the dog hitting the same note on the piano gets pretty old by day 2 lol
Looks like a classic Bluth party.
Dogs better than half the rappers i know
Did this just break the internet
Son of Snoopy
Awwwwwwww
That’s the most adorable thing I’ve ever seen.
U/vredditdownloader
What a good doggi.. I would fry him liver as a reward
/u/vredditdownloader
I see a rock concert 🎙️🎵🎶🎸🎷🎺
I can live life one more day because of this video
Now THIS is a live-action Disney movie
Looks like a Harlem shake to me
Awe I love his little piano collar
Every day for hours a day!
I'm not cool enough to be at this party. I was waiting for the baby to smash the guitar lmao
Me:*studies 16 hours for phys 2 test*

My two brain cells during the test:
How my birthday party is going atm
Howlin' wolf ?
Piano Pet🎹🐕and Guitar Girl🎸👶 !! Perfect band!🕺💃
The tail and butt OMG!!!
I hope this post wins Reddit! Not just the post, but all the comments that will result. This is absolute happiness and joy in the purest form imaginable. This dog understands that he is the show and he is creating it! The girl knows this is the dog's show and is enjoying it as much as he is! Thank you for the MOST PERFECT and WHOLESOME clip that I have witnessed in my life!
Lol this is cray cray
Dogs and babies, this is the epitome of cuteness
2 samples here guys- alcohol & marijuana
Such a cute bagel 😍
Justin Beagle
The dogs name is Buddy Mercury :D
His name is Buddy Mercury.
that dog is a talented musician
I have watched this video, in full, at least 5 times and it's gotten better each time.  I encourage you all to do the same lol
Not teach that dog how to become a pianist
