Just to ease everybody’s minds, we’re moving in together, so Chaddy and Finn will never be alone again!
Shit, now you HAVE to get married. I’m sorry, it’s for the cats.
[deleted]
Give them some privacy
Do you think maybe each time one of you went to the other's place, one cat could smell the other cat on the visitor's clothes? Then when they finally met it was like they knew each other already.
How did you introduce them to each other?
I just told the cats they were reddit famous. They responded with indifference and contempt.
That's adorable
Which one is your cat?
"This is wat our hoomans do at night, trust me I've watched them....."
These cats have a better sex-life than I do
This is you and your girlfriend in parallel universe
Ear fetish, I respect it
NSFW tag please
Cats can't clean their own heads very well and grooming is a way of bonding as well as showing affection.  It's awesome that these two took to each other so well. I wonder if each others scent was already familiar because of you and your boyfriends visits?
sheesh get a room
Love is in the air, do-do-do do-do-do...
AAAWWWWWWWWW MAH GAAAAAWD THATS A DOOR BELL
OMG you stole my cats!

https://imgur.com/gallery/ELv1slP

Seriously, I adopted both of these male orange cats in China, then had to find them good homes when I left. So if you and your girlfriend are in China, then you have my cats. They're awesome. Enjoy :)
[deleted]
There was an ask reddit recently about people who have had relationships with step siblings. Your cats can join in on that discussion.
The nuzzle at 5 seconds in omfg
Every single on of my 6 cats was the 'new cat' at one point. One of the best parts of that is watching them get more comfortable and friendly with each other.
Trying to set the mood for you
There's a whole lotta lickin going on.
I don't know what you guys were planning, but you know you can't split up now, right? 
They are adorable.
You're pretty lucky. Cats can live under the same roof for a decade and barely 'tolerate' each other until the end of time.
Some kitties just don't get along and they remember any aggression from the other for a long, long time.
I love how there for a little big the white one is licking itself.
Go on a double date
Learning from the best I assume
Now you’ll can’t break up. 🐾💕🐾😻
this is the cutest thing ever
I don’t think I’ve ever seen a cat licking something with his or her eyes open
So adorable!
I LOVE THIS SO MUCH.
This reminds me so much of my cat!
"This is what you guys look like" -Cats
it's familiarity.  The cats had gotten to know each opposite human over time and become used to, even appreciate the scent of the other when the two humans are together.  So then the humans are like "here, something for you, that smells like me." Each cat was like "OMG, it's puuurfect."

if you saw it before the 1st edit. You know it's better.

edit, I am not a cat behavioral psychologist.  I just play one on the Internet.
Thats some serious battle for dominance
Cats cuddle better than humans do.
Its a Purr-fect match
Is this how your first meeting with your girlfriend went also? ;)
Now you gotta get married...
This is how cats assert dominance. Expect a showdown if one doesn't relent and allow itself to be licked.
The orange one looks literally EXACTLY like my cat
Mlem intensifies.
I have watched this about 10 times 😭
I'm going to be disappointed if your wedding colors aren't orange a cream.
Stay together for the cats
Little weird how people are sexualizing this.
I honestly just tried to upvote twice bc this is 2 cute
This should be labeled NSFW
Holy shit you are very very lucky lol.
Pro tip: this isn't how 99.999% of cats act during a first encounter
Kinda raunchy footage there
Those are two males btw
Omg I love this 😂👍🏼❤️
They were meant to be together. You and your GF are just clogs in your cats' destiny wheel.
Double date!
upload this to Purr-nhub
And suddenly they'll start hitting each other for no apparent reason.

Just cat things.
r/catsgettingcats
Get a room
That’s it you gotta get married now
So when's the wedding?
You realise you can now never break up whilst your cats are alive?
orange cats are the most loving cats
I hope she's a keeper, because you guys have to get married now.
That's it, she's the one and you're the one, can't change it now
I’ll never understand why some people don’t like cats. Never.
Thats nsfw. What if a cat is browsing reddit at work and their boss walks behind them?
This is cute as all hell
Licking/grooming in cats is a display of dominance. Those animals are competing for dominance. If the cat screaming/ clawing match didn't break out immediately following this video, it's on the way. 

Looks cute, but they aren't "kissing" or showing affection. They showing who's alpha.
Man, I wish my cats would be nice to each other, or at least just tolerate one another...
Get a room!
Turn this flash off. - the cat.
I don't know how to tell you this, but they're soulmates. You guys are stuck together now.
Official petition to keep the cats together forever!!! They’re in love!
All I can do is hear gross licking noises because reddit decided that that’s enough.
Get a room,  sheesh.
You have to get married now. The cats have to be together forever.
NSFW
You could say they're... comcatible...
What an adorable love fest❤❤
You're getting married now.
Awwww, cuddle puddle!
Love at first site...awe!  😍😍😍
I could watch for hours
Well.  Cats love each other, you must stay together forever.  No other choice.
You guys can't break up now
This is when you know it's true love.
If you don’t marry her I’m gonna lick you ass because there’s no way you’re allowed to separate those babies!!!

Edit: I meant kick, but honestly I like lick better. 👅
Everytime I see a post like this I get so sad my cats don't get along :( I understand though because my oldest kitty is around 16 and the new kitty isn't even a year old, but I wish they'd love each other like this D:
"Looks like you and I are in-laws, eh, Squidward?"
These hella look like my 2 cats it's freaky
Oh my gosh all those kisses!!!
10 seconds later, bloodbath...
Is this incest?
Please tell your kitties I love them
How recently? My bf’s cat and mine have met 4 times (for 2 days at a time), but they are just not getting along! I think it may be because my cat is a little senile lol.
so cut
when cats have a relationship and you still dont
perfect match
You can never break up now.... Their love is too pure.
Adorable
Cat nice
All i hear is mlem mlem mlem mlem mlem
Oh this'll work :)
I can see what's happening
I think your cats are definitely in love.
They got the right idea
A match made in heaven.
Wow. I'd pay good cash monies for my cats to get along this well instead of making me have to clean up clumps of torn off hair daily.
You better make this work!
Well now you have to move in with each other!
Jesus, get a room lol!

Cute cats!
Get a room you two!
Don't be mad when they start recording you two.
Love nibbles 😭
That’s because you have orange cats and orange cats are the superior cat of all cats
My Bfs cat and mine would neeevveerr get along this well. We both spoil our cats and they are single cats from birth.
Cats be like "Omg you're the one I've been smelling on my owner when they get home!"
You can't ever split up now.
Wish my dog was atleast friendly with my cousin's dog cuz gets very territorial and barks at him even if he's not hungry and food is on his plate he will forcefully eat it if my cousin's dog tries to eat it. Now the major problem I have to take care for his dog for 5 days if they can't handle each other for a few hours  I don't know what'll happen in 5 days
In a parallel universe

My girlfriend and I introduce our humans to each other

\*captures gif of humans having sex\*
They've decided to take your Relationship further
Bruh mark this as nsfw /s
You can never break up now, or the cats will be heartbroken
Well now you're stuck with each other. You can never break up those cuties. :)
r/bondedpairs fighting for dominance via licc
So snug so cozy 💕 I want this!!
Now you HAVE to get married.
Brown chicken brown cow
This is best case scenario right here, love it
Taking their queue from their owners?
Seems like you both have a great impact on them
thanks Reddit....managed to make me feel like a voyeur, just for looking at a couple of cats.
u/amz271
This relationship HAS to work...
I wanna be like this with my girlfriend one day if I ever get one lol
They learned it from watching you!
Should this be tagged NSFW?
I'm a dog person but my wife is a cat person... So we have cats. I got her a kitten and all went well but I thought he was depressed as be was always sleeping (I'm a dog person again) so I got him a friend. I just treated them like puppies. I slept in the livingroom for a few nights breaking up their fights and gently chastising them. They are now inseparable.
I feel like cats are more like roommates than children or pets.

Please get them wedding outfits as well.
This is the reason why I'm on reddit.
It's getting X-rated up in here.
I think her cat likes you and your cat likes her so they are licking the tastes of y'all off each other, win-win.
I hope you both fall in love and live happily ever after ;\_;
This was the first post I saw when I opened reddit and for a few seconds I was thinking, “how did a video of my cats get uploaded?!” 😂😂[here they are 🥰](https://imgur.com/a/QxrlUdx)
I hope you wanted kittens.
Gotta be because they’re both orange cats, every orange cat I ever met was a violent cuddler
[deleted]
Where they competing with you and your girlfriend? If so, they win!
u/MrButtocks123 awe baby look it’s ussss ( I’m the white one ofc)
Ha! That's what you think. The cats planned it all along...
Now you have to marry each other, for the sake of the cats if nothing else.
That's absolutely adorbs

I wish I had a cat

Edit: I was the 1000th comment on this magnificent post.
They are in love! 😍
Are you fucking kidding me
How is it working out? An adultcat licking another adult cat is a sign of dominance and they might both be establishing who is dominant here.
Sorry, but you can’t break them up. Even if you guys don’t work out, they get visitation rights.
You are now married.
Too adorable for words.
Still a better love story than Twilight
That is some heavy petting right there.
They fuckin
“you smell like my human!” “you smell like mine!” :,)
Marry her.
Well now you have to marry each other.
I feel like this might work out.
They learned by watching you!
Get a room
You guys are meant for each other. This is it. This is love.
Whelp now you absolutely HAVE TO get married. You cannot break them up
I don't think I have ever seen cats to accurately recreate humans cuddling up, and making out.
That's some major snogging.
This is beautiful!!! ❤️❤️❤️
That is so sweet. We had two cats that never got this close to one another.
If you wanna make cats, that's how you make cats.
If y'all breakup though...
Get a room.
Get a room you two.
These cats have a better love life than mines
Now you have to make this work.BECAUSE OF YOUR KIDS DAMN IT
That’s the cutest damn thing I ever did see today and I saw a smiling fox...

Okay I’m kidding they’re a tied first.
When u marry her, have the cats get hitched, too
They say Pets learn from the owners.
You guys better never break up. Those cats will be devastated.
Ya'll can never break up.
Right, so you guys can't break up now. You mustn't.
You legally are not allowed to break up now.
Well I guess you two need to get married now.
Get a room, cats.
You guys have to get married now. Can't separate these two
Aren't cats super teritorial
u/l-Agonist-l Gotta get advice from this person for the next time
That is beyond adorable!
The cats have spoken, you are permitted to wed.
They're liking each other quite a bit too lol
Cat: Mmm. You smell like my pet human.

Other cat: ditto. 

Friendship unbreakable.
You'll both have kids soon
Step sibling porn is evolving.
Not gonna lie, got turned on...
So when’s the wedding? (I mean for the cats)
Please don't break up till both cats are dead.
That's some hardcore mlemming right there.
Lucky! My cat *HATED* my girlfriends cats!
That's so nice.  About two years ago, I adopted two cats.  They had been together at the shelter for 6 months, prior to the adoption.  The cats are very sweet, but they are just not friends.  No nuzzling like the video shows, not even much basic physical contact.   My son and I think of them as being work colleagues, rather than having any real friendship.  I am jealous to see this video, and I'm sad for the failed relationship between my cats.
So where are your cats?
Congratulations, the pets approve! You may now proceed with your relationship. 😆
This made my day... enjoy love
And that’s how the fight started...
I feel like this should be NSFW for some reason
Looks like it’s time for you guys to get married
Looks like they are getting along...
Mine just attack each other lol
You realize you two can never break up now?
*soon to be fiancé
That how kittins are born
is that you and youur girlfriend or the cats?
hi pls spay and neuter ur cats! dont want a surprise litter. -volunteer at an animal shelter where we get a litter of kittens daily
This didnt happen for us. 2 years later they are just getting used to each other. We have 3. They play and put up with each other. But kisses they aren't up for that.
Well now you can literally never break up with her, or one of you has to give up your cat. Just sayin'.
Damn...you two can never break up
Omg now you have to get married
How long did this take? I got a kitten in April and it’s still bullying my elderly cat. I wanted them to love each other, damn it!
Jeez, get a box you two
You didn't dub Barry White? Sorry bud, had to downvote. It could've been purfect.
Both of you marry them
Jeez get a room you two!
Cuties
My husband's male cat and my older female are totally in love. It's the cutest thing ever.
Both of mine are mixed with Maine Coone  1 is 20 pounds and the smaller one is 10 pounds. They've grown up together and our Golden Retriever chases them around.
I hope you know y'all now MUST stay together forever right?! At least for the cats sakes 😁
Well this is the actual cutest thing ever
Those two need to get a room.
I almost feel like this is something I should not watch. It's making me blush. 😂
Lovely.
We introduced our cats the recommended/slow way with the separate rooms, feeding on either side of the door. They got into fights for a while but now it’s toned down to them just hitting each other if one of them walks past. I’m jealous
[removed]
Well guess that's settled, you guys have to get married now.
Love is love
This is so fucking cute, what the hell
My cats did exactly the same when I introduced a youngish female to the already present male. They were all over each other for the first few months, sleeping together, cleaning each other, playing.   
Now they tolerate each other and play occasionally. It looks like their honeymoon period wore off ;-)
True love. It was meant to be
Follow these two on Instagram:
@chaddyfinnlove
You guys are going to have 101 kittens soon
Obviously yall need to get married so these cats can be together forever
This is beautiful
[removed]
how cute that fur baby is looking .................
Literally story of any cartoon with love and animals where two people with pets find each other, fall in love and their pets do too
hot
This might become the very backbone of human society
In cat world, this is an epic battle to display dominance.
The fight for dominance begins. In the cutest fashion
So I have a 2 year old rescue and just brought home a 4 month old rescue.  Both of them are on edge still. Any tips on getting them comfortable or is it more of a time thing?
Seriously the sweetest thing I've seen today, and it's 1835 where I live 🥰
Omg youre what ive been smelling this whole time.
I think my cats is gay. They always. FUCK ALWAYS. together.....
[deleted]
[deleted]
Lol they are soul mates and now you 2 are also.
[removed]
Tag your porn
u/worstjinxuniverse
I always wonder have vets who say "cats are not social animals" ever seen a cat?
that's incest, hombre
[deleted]
And they're already at it.
i can smell their fishy breath from here <3
Bruh it’s like an asmr
Reminds me of j cole wet dreamz
You’re so lucky. They’re so sweet.
Get em a room!!!
NSFW
Damn haha i have 4 cats and 2 have been enemies for 3 years..
Awwwwe das Amazing <3
Don’t you just love LOVE.
I wish they got along
When our cars meet there was blood drawn... They're best buds now, but that was a stressful few weeks.
Stepcats? Idk.
You are in trouble buddy. Can't break the cats hearts ever
They're so intimate I feel like a bit of a creeper for watching it
Omg! How cute. This is my biggest fear! My boyfriend and I will be cohabitating starting November and I am the MOST worried about introducing our cats. They both have a lot of personality and demand a lot of attention.
Freaking adorable!
So isn’t that like step bro and step sis getting it on?
Sheesh, get a room. I wonder where they learned *that* behavior from.
I got 2 kittens from 2 different litters and they’ve hated each other from the day they met lol. It’s been at least 2 years
Now you’ll have kittens and kids
getting more action then me
Looks like a match made in heaven! Congrats!
You have to get married for the cats and have kids when they have kittens.
And then you guys joined them 

4some time!!!
Oh my god, get a room
And you and your girlfriend thought YOU had something going on. Ha!
Bro I just pulled this up at work, where's the tag??
They love one another
Congrats that’s a big step
so lovely
Awwwwww
A better love story than yours
Nice. Now, show us the cats.
I think they might like each other.
It is decided. You two are never allowed to break up.
This is what I'm hoping happens with my cat and my gf's dog. He was a stray that over time trusted me and I ended up taking him home. He's been the only pet for almost 6 years now, but hes not social at all he pretty much only likes me.
Been trying to introduce a kitten to our cat. For a month. Stll lots of hissing and unhappiness. Teach us your ways.
My cats do something similar but it ends in a huge fight. Every. Single. Night.
So its you i have been smellinh
Pfffft I introduced my cat to my bf’a cat and she came up to my cat to investigate and my cat hissed. 

They hate each other.
I think the cats are mimicking you two lol.
Get a room jeez...
Must be nice.. my wife's little sister moved in with us and she brought her cat. Our cat and her cat have been living together for a month and still fight every day
You should do swingers party
Friend you say.

I say these kitties are just mimicing what they see their minions doing.


Joking aside, this is so cute and wholesome.

• Signed a massive cat lover
Whose is whose?
The face of the orange one at the end like ok, I gave up
Those little love bites before the licks are so cute.
these cats have more love life than me  : '(
I met my wife online.  Before going to visit her I sent a shirt I had worn without washing - her two cats loved to sleep on it - maybe that's why we got married?  (two kids and 15 years later, we're still together).
MY HEART 🖤
NSFW?
you better put a ring on her cause they seem to be already in the honeymoon phase
You know you can't separate those cats now, if you and your GF break up, right?
My cats do this too. It’s so adorable. Then suddenly one will decide its time to play and bite the other one then full on wrestle mania for the next hour. It’s hilarious.
Dude, did you just stole my cats? 

I don’t have a picture of the white-yellow one with his eyes closed, but they look exactly the same.

https://imgur.com/gallery/kVVA8IY
Day wanna make love in dis club.
They are taking a shower together:)
We need a nsfw tag on this one.
They have learned from you both quite a lot
Sheesh, get a room guys.
Ewww they're making out! Get a room you frisky felines! lol jk
GET A ROOM
I like that one is licking the other while he just licks himself - so adorable!
If that's not a sign, then idk what is.
Score: Cat 1-You 0
Kissmet
''What are you doing stepbro?''
friendly
Think you're good. Maybe.
Heavy petting.
I wish someone would want to cuddle with me like that.
Would this also qualify as r/wholesome?
Max volume for cat licking asmr
You can't pay money for brownie points like this...
Marry her
Well oranges are just too dang sweet. Of cats to meet I think oranges would do the best
Yeesh, get a room
Looks like you will be double dating...
Lord forgive me for what I am about to do
Wow
101 dalm... Cats?
In His Dark Materials by Philip Pullman, dæmons showed affection to each other the same way their owners did. These cats are obviously dæmons.
So cute, i always love animals who do this things, i think if the human can be cute like this cats the world will be a better place, all we need is love ♥  " plus a lot of money " plus some other things. 😎
Well, it looks like it's good times all round.
How long did it take for them to get like this? I am introducing cats for the first time and they are just at a point now where they are getting comfortable with eachother, not THAT friendly though:P
I bet your cats thinking “my girlfriend and I introduced our owners recently”
NSFW
For the love God, somebody get a firehose!  🔥

It's gonna be raining kitties if those two get a break from grooming. 

Hope you and your girl are even half that affectionate!
Like my mom always says to a kitty " Little cute ki ki"
You know we’re now all imagining the two of you doing the same, right?
They seem to have hit it off,
Who’s getting more action?    (They are adorable!)
Could the cats be long lost siblings? Former pack mates? This is what I'm imagining.
Lmao what every cat I’ve ever introduced to mine gets hissed at and shunned for ages. Grooming like this turns into a fight most of the time for me
u/vredditshare
Excuse me, they're having a moment. Get out.
Long lost brothers/sisters?
There is the hissing, growling  and fighting?
Now you have to stay together...for the kids.
I was waiting for a slap
Mary her.
So here's how it works kisdo; your daemons are getting along so well, it's kinda obvious so will you guys. Get married.
some say our pets learn behavior by watching their owners...
Whiteface got a little bitey there at the end.
"Aww.  They're touching tongues, like us!!"

"When you put it that way... ew."
"I lick you !"

"No, me I lick you"

"No, me"

"No, no, me !"

"No, me... oh ok"
Get a room
I'm so jealous, my roomate's cat and mine have the worst dynamic where the first one (Conker) hates the second one (Kali) because she constantly tries to play with him.
u/vredditshare
Caaaan you feel the loooove tonight??
Gawd. Give them some privacy! Sheesh!
You are not allowed to break up
Its cat law
You are bound together forever
Ist that you and your Girlfriend
Cat porn
That's a good sign. Hope you and the GF cuddle the same. Are the cats same sex or male and female?
That’s bullshit, in a good way of course, my gf and I introduced our cats and they almost killed each other. Glad it worked out for y’all tho!
Omg😍😍😍
Now if you break up, you’ll have to tear them apart.
that’s the very best you could hope for.
It was made to be
Can’t break up now
A couple of smitten kittens.
When they do it. It’s cute, but when I do it’s “GET OFF OF YOUR STEPSISTER YOU PSYCHO!”
And then they fucked
Looks like they can't get enough of each other ❤💋
So all that step sibling porn is accurate?
I'm confused Is that you and your girlfriend or your cats?
Thanks, I love it
Are you sure they're not your daemons?
Man I wish my cat would treat other cats like that.
Put the camera somewhere else boy! Its sexy time!!
All that step sister porn proved true in one gif....
Both just so happy to not be alone and to have a fucking friend! They gotta be in the wedding!
Well, that was easy!
So cute
Marry her
Get a room!
Stay together for the cats.
Meanwhile, when I tried introducing my (neutered) male to my roommate’s (neutered) male, my cat could only hiss and growl. 😭

Congrats!
jesus mark it NSFW for Cats sake!!!
NSFW tag please?!?! Come onnnn
Cats makes,dog kissing
Looks like it's meant to be!
That licking is going to turn to bites in 3... 2... 1...
Vomit bag please
About to do this with mine and my gfs cats
My cat literally looks the same as the ginger one
Watching this gives me ASMR
omg - get a room already!
this is some disney movie shit
Wow and me and my girlfriends cats just attack each other and fight
You and your girlfriend have to stay together now for the sake of the cats! I love men with cats!
That's a bitten smitten kitten
It's like a Disney movie
You guys can never break up. You'll break those precious little hearts.
That'll make the breakup even worse
Aww.. they're immitating you 🥰
I feel like I orange cats are just particularly friendly. Not that I haven't seen an agressive one but majority of their apparences are just being friendly. Is that there any explanation behind this?
Who owns the slutty white one?
Fuck you and your cats you Mad RAT
Staying together for the kits
Mlem mlem mlem ~intensifies~
So it’s two males who are presumably neutered?  Why does everyone automatically go sexual with this?

They’re best buddies now and aren’t alone anymore.  Potential brothers!  This is the key takeaway.
Cats often imitate their owners. What you guys doin over there?
congrats, you’re in-laws now
I don't know these two may not like each other you might have to keep an eye on them. /s
Soo jealous... My boyfriends cat and my cat  hate each other... Ever since the second they saw one another.
Please never break up, think of your cats!
u/adcd57
Can we expect some baby kitties in the future?
Emoji?
That's so cute and amazing 🤗.
I wonder if your cat has been smelling her cat thru you for a while now and vice versa and now they finally got to meet.
You have to get married now (for the cats)
Yes
Just don't ever break up
Cute!
Those are cats giving each other lickjobs, give them some privacy...
No way. These cats have known each other for at long time.
Jesus, thats some heavy petting.
Gross. This is like cat incest
You and your girlfriend are married now.
Me and girlfriend been working introducing our cats for weeks, but hers still being a jerk.
now you can’t break up lol
Are they both female too?
Are they both fixed?
Well, now you have to marry her. You no longer have a say.
This is what diabetes feels like
Don't you dare breakup now! I swear to God
Woah this is crazy, these two look EXACTLY like PHOTO-PERFECT of my two cats, unfortunately the white/mix one called jasper passed away two years ago but when they were together they looked EXACTLY like this, its like watching a video of my two cats from a couple years ago, crazy.
now you can't break up
this is like the cat sitting in you do you can't get up but in the relationship
Omggg so cute!
Wow. The love is spilling over
No one cares if those are your girlfriend's cats or not
my cats are not at all like that and they are mother ans daughter
Listen to it at max volume...
Or how about a cat watching their owns make out? Would the awkwardness be the same?
Geez...get a room 😳
You can't break up now.
There gunna frick
🎶can you feel the love tonight🎶
I wish introducing cats went so well at my place. It's like a kitty soap opera in here.
is this cat porn
They seem to really like each other. It doesn't always work out like that.
Cant decide if I am feeling happy because of cute or dirty watching this
I'm so jealous of this.  I've had two cats for 7 years and they've never been this friendly with each other.  The closest they've gotten is sleeping with their backs barely touching.
When's the porn?
I could watch this all day!
Oh so when it’s cats, step siblings banging is all of a sudden ok? /s
Why is THIS adorable and cute, but when me and my cat do it, we're ridiculed?
Heavy petting
so you do know you need to get married now, there is no splitting up those kids
One of the best things about my ex was that our dogs got along so well - I love this post
❤️❤️❤️
I’ve rehoused a few feral kittens to a close friend of mine. Every few weeks, we’ve gotten together, my 2 kittens and hers, and have a play date. A few hours with 4 rough and tumble 3-6 month old kittens, is a blast. Mine sleep the entire 25 mile drive home.
You two can never break up now
How I’m tryna be
So cute
Ok so you guys basically need to get married because these cats clearly can’t survive without each other now
Cats communicate with such subtle aggressions.
This is zoomed in so close, I'm wondering if this is actually you and your furry girlfriend?
Freak me baby, freak me baby... Lemme lick you up & down, till you say stop...
Have a sister you can introduce me to? You seem good at this
Be honest: did they start fighting immediately after this?
Dipshit
Guess you guys can’t break up now!
Some cats are lovers.  Some are fighters.
bath time that tongue is working just fine :)
alexa, play "lets get it on".
Isn't that considered incest now?
Well i think it worked..
My SO and I are going to be doing this soon. I hope this is good luck lol.
Infinite love
Can’t stop the feeling
Whens the sex tape?
Whelp. You have to get married now I guess.
I don't think I have ever seen an organge cat without at least a bit of white fur on the neck / stomach before...
I feel dirty watching this
They copy what they see happen when you guys are around
Y’all gonna have to get married now
Looks like a long term relationship has gotten off to a good start ... when's the wedding?
Everything went much better than expected.
u/IndianaSolo136 I'm digging the username
I would subscribe to this YouTube channel!
 Lol Copycats?
Lol this is so funny
Animals often mimic the behavior of their owners
Well its official. Cats like eachother. You have to stay together forever now
Are they spayed/neutered?  Things may get out of hand soon.
That's love, actually.
Well you're basically married now so....
Thanks. I love it
That's some heavy petting
Put a ring on it
*U N Z I P S       P A N T S*
This is so special
NSFW
R/eyebleach
Go on a double date with your cats
Are they both male?
You are so lucky! Our cats hate each other
My boyfriend moved in with me and we introduced our cats and.....yea its not like that. Much more hissing and growling and swatting ha
So what you're saying is... there WILL be kittens in the near future?!
Now they’re getting more action than you guys are!😉🤣
Aww.

Also they've established a hierarchy and the white and orange one is in charge.
They were probably play fighting a minute later.
I guess they dating now too...
Life goal
Sounds like a Japanese water garden
Meanwhile introducing our new kitten to our 2YO cat induced anxiety puking in the older one for a couple weeks... :(
Those are some horney kittens
goals
SO CUTE!!!
You guys are gonna need to stay together for ever now, for the cats if not for yourself!
You realize you two can never break up now.
You guys can bang side by side with your cats now, neat
They should smash
They are kissing so passionately
Too many pussys spoil the broth😂😂😂
Omllllllll
I'm always so jealous of people who have cats who get along like this.   Our two hate each other and fight all the time.   The sad thing is is we get the sencond one to keep the first company after we're moved out of parent's  house and left her friend behind.
They're competing for best couple...and winning!
Get a room.
NSFW?
All I can say is, please for the sake of the cats, never break up!
this looks a lot more sexual than usual.
Yeahhhhh rightttt bahahahah they are lovers as well!
I hope this isn’t true, but it would be sad if these cats getting more action than you and your girlfriend
Lord forgive me for what I'm about to do
Can you feel the love toooniiiight!
My first thought was that they've seen you cuddle, and they're copy cats.  

Sorry.
That's alot of *shleps*!
I can imagine if you guys ever fight “WHAT ABOUT THE CATS, THEY LOVE EACHOTHER”
Are you sure your cats didn’t introduce you to your girlfriend?
You can never break up now. For the sake of their little cat hearts.
Wow that is so sweet.
I'm jealous. We've been living together for four years now and my cat still hates her cat.
