Glad to see this is how other deaf dogs wake up.  We felt so bad when ours lost her hearing but she has adapted wonderfully.  It does make me feel bad sometimes when she wakes and notices us home already, she has a almost guilty look on her face like she failed at protecting the house.  I always give her extra snuggles to let her know it’s ok.
It’s nice to see how happy he got when he saw you
Aw the smiling with the tongue blepping in and out, exactly the face my dog does when he glad
This might qualify as bestest boyyy ever...
It’s so good to see a dog and know it’s loved.
Dogs always wake up like a butler who got caught sleeping on the job. “Oh, yes, hello, I was just resting the ol’ lids.”
Mama is home!!

edit: stupid mobile and grammar
Hey, smell my finger
Never would a human be happy when woken up from deep sleep
That’s really smart!! My dog is losing his hearing, and he still gets startled when I softly pet him, which I feel bad about. (He still gets super happy when he realizes it’s me.) I need to try this, thank you!!
r/AustralianCattleDog
*helicopter tail activated*
We had a deaf dog at the shelter where I volunteer. He had some behavioral issues and only liked a small group of humans, but this is exactly what waking him up was like for the people he trusted. This just warmed my heart remembering those little moments with him.
Best boi starts wagging his tail when you touched him
This really, REALLY makes me smile!
Dogs are the best. If my job wasn't so volatile in terms of hours. They bring so much happiness
"Whew, it is you. I thought it was that damn cat again."
I will upvote this post every time I see it.  I have a 15 year old Spaniel mix who is deaf, and thanks to  this video I learned how to wake him up without scaring him.
what a sweetheart
This is so precious, oh my.
I want endless videos of this lol
How happy he/she got as well. The tailwag is just awww
very polite
u/VredditDownloader
I love heelers
his tail wagging when he realizes who woke him up 🥺🥺❤️
This is the dog version of “touch to start”
Used to have a deaf cat and I’d always be worried about scaring it when I go to pet her and she wasn’t looking(both for her health and mine). So I would just walk heavy until she noticed me haha
Dog*
I have a deaf australian cattle dog. He does the exact same thing.
I see this posted every now and then and I think it might be my favourite video on reddit.
glad too see his reaction hasn't changed at all since last time you posted
I love him
That's one cute ol' dog, OP!

Used to wake my deaf pup by turning on a light. Only works at night or in a dark room, obviously.
on a scale of 1-10 how cute was it as a puppo?
what a nice boi.  wish my dog would wake up like that.  shes a grouch and will growl at you for waking her.
khm khm.. you mean dog*
Oh my heart wasn’t ready
That instant tail wag though
That tail's on full auto. :)
Potentially a repost idk
Boop to start
the only creature on earth who likes the "smell my fingers" joke
That's how you wake up deaf people as well, by sticking your two fingers under their nose
We have a deaf and blind older dog now and that is the best way to wake him.
I love him!
I wonder if there are any kinds of vibrations deaf people would react to like sound? Like maybe low frequency inaudible vibrations. That would be good for an emergency broadcast system for hearing disabled.
Do deaf dogs have trouble with barking in the same way that deaf people have trouble with speaking?
The memories this brings back.  My dog was deaf her last few years and we did similar things so not to startle her.  A sniff of the hand, gentle stroke of the head...

Man, I miss that dog.
I truly believe our afterlife is determined by how we treat dogs and elderly folks. Good stuff.
I bloody love that tongue thing they do when they first wake up.
[Everyone liked that]
Wake up to a good head scritch
WTF? My dog is deaf and I literally never thought of this. I usually just lightly nudge whatever she is on, but this makes much more sense.
I've never up voted something so fast.
/u/bradleyy13
We recently lost my 19 year old Jack Russell terrier who was blind and deaf at the end. He still got excited when he realized we were around to give him belly rubs. Great vid.
boop the protuding snoot
I've come back to watch this 3 times today.
That's the bestest doggo.
The nose boop is the activation switch. <3
I will never not smile at this gif, it's just pure love and sweetness
Is this gonna reach like 100k upvotes?
This video warms my heart
That was cool
Aww look at that tail.. such a happy pup ❤️
Very cute weekly repost.
That smell... that smelly smell... that smells... smelly...
omgosh my hert. my sole.
Ahh that doggo was so happy to be woken up!
Nice repost
Wholesome af..
Oh that is much more adorable than yelling at them and roughing up their fur
Reminds me of how I'd greet my lab when he lost his hearing.
So happy to see you :)
So sweet!
Nice
What a sweet boy! 

We had a deaf boy, and omg was he awesome. When he woke up naturally, he would pop his head up and take a look around to see if everything was the same. Lol. When we wanted to wake him, we would just lightly stamp our foot on the floor and his head would pop up. When we waved at him, he would come over He was great!
When did Xerxes decide to get a dog?
...as well as any other dog.
so precious
I love it when they stretch and wag their tails. So content.
dogs are the best, how are they so awesome? we should aspire to be more like awesome dogs
That's a great boy :-)
My sisters dog is 16 years and completely deaf. Whenever I come to visit her, the dog never gets up to greet me for obvious reasons so I always bring treats with me and place them near his nose still in my hand. His face lights up with excitement like he's a puppy whenever I do that! Maybe only for the treat, but hopefully he loves me too! :D Its the cutest thing
What a sweet dog
what a sweet sweet animal. So happy to see you so happy to just see you happy and get a pet. I love dogs so much, a deep love, with all my heart.  we dont deserve their love, ugh, so wonderful.
Wish I could give this a million up votes.
❤️❤️❤️
This is so sweet.
Awww soooo much love, what a sweet dog :)
Always feel horrible when I accidentally wake our deaf doggy up. We usually come home and let him wake up naturally or just buy him smelling in his sleep. He enjoys that
To this day I’m still unsure if my Heeler was deaf or just aloof. This is the way he woke up, he never responded to his name, but he would always scratch at a corner of the garage where I later found a mouse nest behind the wall. He also would come running back to me at a whistle.
My blind dog just died at the ripe age of 16. I miss him so much
Instant wags :)
Awww my boy is old and not completely deaf, but very hard hearing. I love sneaking up on him to let him smell me in his sleep.
I love how his eyes lit up. So cute!
perhaps a nice plate of eggplant could help, its beautiful purple, not yellow, shine brings joy to all
Aww so cute
Oh man, I love blue heelers
Can you teach a dog sign language? It seems like that would be useful even if they weren’t deaf
My deaf cat just meows half angrily when I wake her up
Heart melting
Aw. Sweet baby.
I gotta say this is the most effective eye bleach I have ever come across.
Everyone liked that
Watching this video suddenly found myself mmm-ing
It just goes to prove how lovely dogs are, that they are actually happy to be woken up by their owner.
god fuck he's so happy 

unbelievably cute
I love the air lick, my doggy does it too and it’s so pure. ‘I know I’m not making contact but if I did I would be kissing you’
Me and my girlfriend where looking after her friends dogs and one of them is deaf, whenever you wake her up she gets scared and jumps untill she sees it you then she gets really excited
God bless him. 😭👍
Hey buddy, smell my finger...
omg this warms my heart so <3
What an absolutely beautiful animal! God bless it's heart!
That is why we don’t deserve dogs right there. Just by the smell of us they wake up just happy to see us that is so wholesome
That’s the exact face my dog gives me when I come home and she was napping. “Oh human you’re home let me wake up a little.” And then the zoomies start.
What type of breed is it? srry if I don’t know much about dog breeds.
He has much appreciation for those headscritches
So wholesome 🥺🥺🥺
Question does he ever wake up in panic to phantom sounds
When my boy got older I'd have to clap, then when that didn't work I'd touch him, and he'd leap into the air. Didn't think of letting him smell me.
I could make an absolute racket and my two deaf dogs would be sound asleep. I used to just lay down in front of my girl until she woke up and would see me staring at her
I’ve been making coffee too long today cause I swear I read DECAF doggo and I was like what in the hell makes this one decaf?!
I already love it
🎶The best part of waking up, is to the smell of muff🎶

✌🐈
Look at that tail go. ♥️
This is the purest thing I’ve eveR SEEN
My parents have a deaf Dalmation, and he has the same exact reaction when you wake him. It's adorable!
:)
Heh, it's like starting up a computer by booping his snout.
Oh god, my heart...
Smell my finger...
Dog's are better than us. We don't deserve then
"I smell... I smell friend!"
Always good to see a happy  doggo
We don’t deserve dogs
this melts my hear.

His eyes are so pure.
Angel 😭
Good doggo. He's always welcome on /r/specialaww
He will always be a puppers
One of my doggos is a sweet old girl who is mostly deaf and mostly blind. She likes to follow me everywhere, but sometimes she loses me and she’ll wander all over the house trying to find me. What I started doing is keeping my shoes on while I’m home. That way, she can hear and feel my feet hitting the hardwood floor better and she doesn’t lose me as often. If she ever does lose me, I’ll do a tap-tap-tap on the floor every few seconds while she homes in on my location. 

It’s amazing to me how well dogs can adapt to changing circumstances.
Warms my heart. So much love
Ohhh,  Baby. Precious and beautiful. I love him/her. Love the tail thump.
I used to have a deaf rabbit. He would freak out if I touched him to wake him up. Instead I'd stomp over to his cage so he'd be woken up by the vibrations. He was the best.
That is a happy dog.

You're a good person, OP.
why you waking him up tho you monster
Aww, that's cute
Aw that doggo is the best of boys!
Technically he wouldn’t know that he was deaf he would presume it was normal
Could tell he needed that love
Sweet babyyyy!
Omg this is the cutest thing ever
If you could like a post multiple times, half of these likes would be mine
Sweet baby ❤
Damn that’s cute.  It makes me tempted to get a dog.
Doggy smile!
That's some fucking bling
I miss having a dog.
he or she deserves everything
I love this
Thanks for sharing!!!!!! This is priceless.
The nose knows!
Instant tail wag
Sweet baby :)
We don’t deserve dogs 🥺
[my deaf baby Helen ](https://imgur.com/a/0HUTgF0/)
precious boi <3
I love how the dogs tail starts wagging at 100 mph instantly.
Sweet
*sniff* 
Mom's here yayyy !
I try to do this with my old cat who has lost almost all of her hearing, but no matter what, she's still startled :/
This is the sweetest thing I’ve ever seen.
I fucking love dogs.
Such a good boi
Awww, sweetie!
I love this cute baby
Sweet baby!! 😊
The way his little eyes lit up when he realized it was his bud. Pure love.
i blow on my deaf bois nose to wake him up <3
Doggos are angels with tails
bless both of you
You can also stomp your way in
My ACD just went deaf. I will try this with him.
I’ve been trying to teach my dog (hearing) sign language as well, because why not?

So far it is not going well.
Australian cattle dogs are the best dogs ever❤️
Along with the pets could you please throw in a few kisses to that nose? I think it needs it.  :)
My old golden lost her hearing when she was about 13 (?). I woke her up by tapping her butt gently.
Awwweewh
Awww. Whenever I try to wake my near-deaf doggo, no matter how gently I try to, she always gets startled.
That is an awesome dog!
Awww
Repoooost
Fish fingers

I LOVE THOSE!
aww he's cute!!
Does anybody know what breed of dog this is?
HuuuuUuuuuUuuuu
[removed]
Aww how sweet
Good is nice when the your doggo can welcome you warmly
Awe how sweet
Arrr that is the best thing ever
That's a Persian left hand right there.
Puuuupppppyyy! Good doggo is gooder!
I loved doing this to my old boy before he passed. He'd take longer though!
I LOVE THIS DOG
Hey I do the same with my bf except is not my hand I put on his nose...
 This is how we used to wake up my old deaf cat for dinner. He wouldn’t hear the can being opened like he used to. Our kitten would come running for the can being opened. But ole Dimitri would still be snoozing away. I would waft the can in front of his face and he would sniff the air in his sleep and blink awake and stretch happily and follow me to the kitchen to eat. Like oh? Food? Yeah. I guess I’ll get up.... he was so sweet. RIP.
Just use an alarm clock
Are deaf doggo babies extra sweet?
r/aww
She probably was digging in her ass and put her finger near the dog’s nose
What a lovely pupper
The instant excited reaction is heartwarming
Awwww such a cutte dog🥰🥰
I’m not sure if this is OP’s dog, but does anyone know what breed of dog this is?
r/piratepets
Classic heeler tail wag and ear tuck. Love it
So cute! Just goes to show that dogs with disabilities can be just as great i not better than dogs without.
Where were those fingers?
My little deaf 13 year old sweetie does the same thing! ♥️
So he recognizes your smell and wakes up from that?
awwgasm
Unconditional ❤️
ELI5: why do dogs put their tongues out/lick their lips when they are excited?
That's a goodboi
:3
Thank u for making my day, first year at college and I miss my Great Dane more than anything :(
Teach him sign language for good boy
🤗🤗
When my old dog went deaf we had to have his dog brother to go wake him up in the mornings. The younger pup would run to the door to go outside and we would tell him to go get his brother. He would run back to the other room and then they would both come running out.
I got a deaf dog too. It’s pretty great - you get one greeting from the ones who hear first, then a whole second greeting from the deaf one :)
Awww
I use my cell phone light and just pass it over her face a few times. My girl's sniffer isn't so great either.
Try putting some treats next to his nose the next time 😁
He looks like just *LOVES* the lovins 🤩🤩🤩
My deaf pittie mix despite my attempts to get him to smell that I'm there, even going as far as filling his kong toy full of peanut butter and putting it in front of is nose doesn't always work waking him up. So a light pet jolts him awake, hopefully we'll find a less scary way for him to wake him up.
I love this so much thank you
But really! AWWWWWWW 😩🤗🤗🤗
Awe this is so sweet. The doggy looks so happy to see you.
Just because the dogs deaf why must I suffer? Theres no audio for me either
Very sweet
Can deaf dogs talk to other dogs?
Aww, you can really tell they treat this big pupper right if he's waking up like that.
/u/vredditdownloader
hello there cute doggo!
NO NO NO NO CRYING. I WILL NOT
That dog woke up like a computer
Thanks for sharing that was cool
u/vredditdownloader
Old man is trucking on.
I never thought about that. Smart. Learned something new today.
what a kind and loving way to awaken your sweet deaf dog.  Hugs to both of you, I had a deaf German Shepherd.  My other dogs awakened him by walking through his face while giving him kisses
I have never woken up that happy. We dont deserve dogs.
I'm not crying you're crying! His face though!
So sweet!  Reminds me of when my family adopted a pup off the street.  He was deaf and we did this also.
So good and pure.
He nap

He snac

But most importantly

his tail wag bac
I love it so much
Aww what a sweet dog. I wish I could be that happy when I wake up.
This is peak /r/aww
I hope my heeler doesn't go deaf, but a lot of them do
what kind of dog is this? a specific breed or just a mutt? s/he's gorgeous
What a sweet baby puppy.
I'm so glad to see this! My 13yo Catahoula is losing her hearing and I don't know how bad she will get. It's good to know a way to wake her up besides touching and making her jump (no matter how gently I touch). One upside to the hearing loss: she no longer barks at every single blessed thing that happens around our house. She's still pretty healthy and happy to be a pampered and petted part of our family. She's all we know since we got her around 6 weeks of age.
I love this
Totally read this as “Waking up deaf-o.” 🤣 not sure what’s wrong with my brain.
What a sweetheart 💛
Omg so sweet
Wow - our dog has slowly but surely gone deaf and we have to start doing this with her!
❤❤❤
My dog bites when i touch him
My dog is also deaf but he does this weird thing where he sleeps with his eyes slightly open so when someone walks by him he perks up
This is just too cute
I love how the tail wags the moment it wakes up!
Sniffer always on alert. What a good boy!
That's how my friend wakes me up after a date...
“Doggo” in title
This got me thinking... so do we all got individual smells?
I never tire of watching this.
Just leaving a comment before the archive or whatever it’s called
That is such a happy dog, omg
My cat is deaf too <33
I've officially lost count of how many times I watched this now. Is there a Reddit bot for automatically turning this into a gif for faster rewatching?
Cute
Awwww, so cute!!!
The snoot boop never fails.
Ah the universal sign language for guess what I did last night
that gets an updoot
r/aww?
What a sweetheart!
awwww, this doggo is the cutest doggo I have ever seen!
Hey, smell my finger.
What a happy little champ!
I had a blind husky that would react like that if you moved quietly enough to pet her without her knowing you were coming.
It’s like his nose is the on button ❤️
Poop fingers could wake anybody up out of a coma
So sweet
So sad but cute at the same time
*signs "good boy"* doggo: wags tail happily
Sweet baby
Beautiful puppy!!
Happy pups are the best.
Sp Awesome 😁💯
💕💕💕💕💕💕💕
Dead asleep to awake and wagging in half a nanosecond, just from the faintest whiff of his person. ❤️❤️❤️
I’d give the widdle pup all the kisses in the world
Does a deaf dog's bark sound weird like when a deaf person talk?
Good happy puppers
dogs are awesome


why can't people be kind like dogs
Oh my, what a cutie. I can’t stop thinking about this.
That's a dog
Please give this good boi or girl all of the loves in the whole world
Nothing sweeter than a high-miles dog. <3
Sweetheart!
My moms dog freaks the fuck out for about 5 seconds until he realizes it's you. He is only recently deaf, so he just isn't used to it yet.
Ur hand is just a key to wake up dog
What do you suppose doggo's name is? Not that it matters...
My deaf doggo is the same way. He was born deaf and for months I gently woke him with a hand on his cheek and a treat to his nose. Waking up is a very pleasant experience for him.
Such a cute doggo
"You woke me up just to give me ear scritchies?!  OK, that's fine.  :)  "
I have a Dogo Argentino named Fred who is deaf, this is basically how I wake him up too, and he's never startled or surprised just happy to see me.
[deleted]
So precious! aww, ouch my heart.
Isn’t this a repost? Still cute though!
Has been already posted here, and got over 100k upvotes
https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/bt9p28/waking_up_a_deaf_pup/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
Awww bless this angel <3
Very nice and good doggo you have there ... beautiful.
Must resist...... MY HEART
Repost
Yes! My doggo was deaf and I actually felt really bad waking her up she would jerk her head up and look so confused!
Seems like you love to repost
Isn't this a repost?
Good doggo
A deaf doggo is still a doggo
Aww das cute. Happiest doggo in the world.
snif snuf oh hey karen
Why wake him though?  Love seeing my doggo sleeping peacefully.
Have you tried rebooping it? Oh great now it’s on.
DOG not some "doggo"
I WOULD DIE FOR THIS DOG
[deleted]
Look at that sweet face
 Butt fingers
Reposted every month for the past four months.
Was this dog trained by a frat boy that's looks like a smell my finger moment
I don't mind this being reposted but it is annoying how it's getting gold
[deleted]
Spelt dog wrong
Wah? Huh?...o hey!..mlem mlem mlem mlem mlem
I once woke up someone like that, but with a fart
If you think this shit is cute enough to make me abandon my carefully crafted air of rigid manhood and squeal like a goddamned child meeting her favorite My Little Pony character at a Cotton Candy convention then let me tell ya buddy...

You're goddamn right, this shit is *fuckin adorable, 10/10 that dog stole my soul!*
Repost much?
Wow! Touching the most sensitive part of a dog while they're sleep wakes it up?!
Deaf puppers, so hot right now
ACD's are the best doggos
Manually peeling the eyes back seems to be a more effective maneuver.
plot twist: this doggo’s hearing is perfectly fine, you ppl just love borderline sad content for titles and easy updoots
I would say something common like "Aw such a cute puppo", it this was an original post. Don't repost.
“ I always wear my fake jewelry at home while I record and pet my dog for a post “
It's dog not doggo
why does the dog look like it just got taken out of the sewer
