Oh yeah, you gotta get it now!
For anyone wondering:

This is an old video, not OP's

Yes, the dog is the same one from the commercial.
There’s one for free by a dumpster near me.
How old is this video? I remember this commercial being edited to satirize the election results back in 2016...
That wine is dangerously close to the tail waggin zone
Isn’t that the dog from the commercial?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Please post a video after you've bought it, obviously, you have to buy it.
Not your dog though is it? He (not she)  is Buzz, the video is three years old
Dog: "Oh heck yeah my show is on!"
I hate to break it to your dog but they actually banned the sale of black children. There was a big uproar about it. Sorry.
This vid is like 2 or 3 years old
They used to be called jumpolines until your mom used one in the 70's
Why would you need 3 Google Homes right next to each other!?!?
What a beautiful pupper, and with an intact tail, too. First time I've seen that!
Is that a boxer?
Plz get this dog a trampoline and show usss
Yes, you have to get it.



A bigger TV so the dog doesn't have to jump to see the screen.
My boxer LOVES jumping on our trampoline. Sometimes we’ll all just be hanging out in the yard and she’ll go over and do it all by herself. It’s the cutest and quirkiest thing I’ve ever seen a dog do.
r/BuyTheDamnTrampoline
Yay for trampoline
You know what must be done
I thought this gif would end with a busted up TV. loll
WE ALL WANT TO KNOW, DID SHE GET THE TRAMPOLINE?!
That is the sweetest thing ever. All the smiles.
Happy dogs make me happy
"Oh my god. Tramapoline! Trambopoline"
[removed]
Wow! A boxer with a tail! It's like a totally new and awesome dog! Who's a good owner? Yes you are.
If you don't get it by Christmas, she will be very upset. PLEASE UPDATE US ON CHRISTMAS!!!
You have to give her the trampoline!
Boing
Grew up with a boxer that bounced up to look out the high window in the door.  You could hear the dog bouncing long before anyone got to the door.
I don't think you can own black kids
My dog LOVES our kids trampoline!  Favorite part is when the kid bounces him super high.
Why were you playing the John Lewis and from like 3 years ago? 😂
My heart!
Yep, a friend!
His Xmas list couldn't be any clearer than that.
Doggo wants trampoline all good till get hit with that double bounce
First you fall down, then you jump back up again!
My boxers loved their trampoline!
I need to know if this pupper is getting a trampoline or not... i can’t sleep till i know
Makes me want one.
Look mom, mom loook, mom, mom, look mom look ma!
Dogs are amazing.
Boxers are such fun and playful doggos
Fantastic
I wish I could get one for my boxer!
And my dog acts like she cant see tne stuff on tv.  Well unless its those insurance jingles.  Lol
Can we get a link to the presidential edit?
~~r/petthedamndog~~

r/buythedamndogatrampoline
And smol African child
Well she better get it now!!
That is amazing (and so funny)!
If you don’t buy her one you’re a monster
Oh wow :)
Damn, these commercials actually work
Yes my boxers loved trampolines
Damn so that's what Boxer tails look like before we chop them off for no apparent reason
This makes me want a dog.
GET THAT GIRL HER TRAMPOLINE ALREADY
Why not get one now for the dogs birthday tomorrow.
GIVE HER THE J U U M P P
More wine! :D
Who's a good boy? Thats right you are!
What a smart boy.
The Lady and the TRAMPoline
!remindme December 25th 2019
Will you post when doggo gets trampoline, i wanna see his reaction now that he has a desire for it.
Bouncy dog :)
Is she watching and mimicking herself in this movie or is this empathetic jumping for joy?
More wine?
[deleted]
I love boxers so much. They have the best personalities.
😂😂😂
Omg how can they see television I dont understand
That is the cutest thing ever.
Yeah!! It will be the coolest Christmas present for her!
TIL that the oft repeated 'dogs can't see anything in TVs' isn't really true.
Adorbs!
You know I've seen this gif a thousand times but this is the sweetest caption
this is the best video ive ever seen
Llol
She's going to get it, right?
Monkey see, monkey do
Boxers are the best ❤️
UPDATE US WITH THE TRAMPOLINE!!!!!!!!!!@@@&
PLEASE get her one! She's worth it!
Please get it and upload the doggo jumping on it!!
Dog total Bogart of little girls Christmas present !
If you don’t get that dog a trampoline for Christmas I will absolutely throw down on one with you
This may very well be the most wholesome thing on the internet.
Before I die I want to catch a Boxer while its hopping
So cute
I remember this. Dog is watching itself in the commercial
That's so funny :-) don't think I've ever seen a dog react quite so strongly to the TV. He's really getting into it, bless his doggy heart.
You buy that right now
this is incredible.
This stirred up a deep memory. There was this one telephone company commercial way back in the day with a bunch of guys in hardhats traipsing through the forest and my grandma's german shepherd for whatever reason would just go APESHIT whenever it came on.
omg
Please tell me you’ll get your pupper one, OP.
Aaaaaww
Buy it right frickin now
A repost?
It’s a good buy. My dog LOVED the trampoline
Boxers are the goofiest damn dogs, I love them.
Get this man a bouncy
oh please post a pupdate video on boxer day.. i mean boxing day 🥰
This is amazing!!!!
Winter trampoline will just end up covered in water and dead leaves.
oh come on!

now you just asking for it!
That is the most adorable thing ever love this lol
A black kid?
Please make a follow up video with the trampoline. 

Remindme! 75 days
lol ,so funny.

So you wanna buy it or not for Chrimstmas then?
Maybe they should be called Jumpers instead of Boxers
Y’all this isn’t OP’s dog. This has been reposted so many times.
My dogs do not know TVs exist lol.
I've never encountered a dog (or a cat) in real life that looks at TV images or even mirror reflections. They seem to be blind to such things. So I find videos like this to be astounding.
Aww, so sweet you don't have to guess any more
If they didn't get her a trampoline for Christmas I'm actually gonna cry
I think he wants the small child as well
Doggie totally needs that jumpoline!
Aww cute!
It’s funny how animals are our children now. Back in the 1960s no one would ever buy their dog an trampoline, but now it’s a reality.
If you get a trampoline can you pls follow up with the video of the suprise. I think that's what I want for xmas
A black child?
They have a smaller one which would be perfect if there wasn't enough space in the yard for a big one but also can be placed inside, like a finished basement, if you have crazy insurance companies like mine (did a drive by to make sure we didn't have a trampoline or have dogs...)
Well you have to get one now. And post a video :-)
Dog drank too much wine
Wow that dog is smart! 
Also, a trampoline is a must now!
If you don’t get it for him I will!
I will contribute $10 as long as I get a video of this dog on a trampoline.
If you dont get her a trampoline, Im telling santa you were naughty!
Omgggg so cute when she jumps up and down just like the dog on the TV. You literally HAVE to get her the trampoline now XD
Boxers are the best. Even with them having springs for legs. Couldn't imagine life without mine.
A bigger tv
Boing! Boing!
Please post another video on Christmas day!
You have to get it now!
How much you want? I'll pay. Just give it to her now
When I was a kid I had a boxer that would jump with us on the trampoline lol great dogs
Get the trampoline for her already, you monster
That's so cool!!! Happiness on springs.
My dog only pays attention to our tv when a doorbell rings on it.
Hooman! Look it's me, see.
This is the most wholesome fucking thing i have ever seen in my life
my HEARTTT
words can't describe how much i love this
You buy that good pupper a fucking trampoline immediately.
Please give us an update if you end up getting it for her. 🙏🏻
It's so weird that dogs can watch TV now. When I was growing up dogs never paid attention to TVs because they couldn't actually see what was happening as the framerate wasn't right for their eyes. With the advent of HDtv and such, framerates increased and now they can actually watch tv. It's bizarre to me.
How many drinks has that dog had?
Is there a go fund me for this yet?
I guess you're waiting in line at Wal-Mart on black friday
OMG give that good girl a trampoline!
If you don't get him one I'm gonna riot
I just want to jump on a trampoline watching this
Do dogs know not to just jump into the TV?
Prolly a sibling tbh or both the trampoline and the sibling
I once tossed my Great Dane on the trampoline... it did not go well. 

&#x200B;

0/10 would not recommend.
I think I know who drank the wine...
So obvious: A chair! So she doensn’t have to jump to see the TV-screen.
r/AnimalsBeingDerps
Is this because Reddit found a fox on a trampoline yesterday?
If this ain’t me with the empty bottle of wine and the takeout containers
Please do a follow up
/u/vredditshare
A dog friend?
/u/vredditshare
Are those 3 seashells?
That dog dun drank too much wine
To be in another commercial
u/JessVos
Thats nice but I don't think you can buy people anymore
Whitewine and salted caramel?
It wants to liberate Hong Kong
A sister?
Awww, such a cute big doggie!!!!
Cheap wine and popcorn looks like a good time
This dog is jumping likes it’s dunking
A non-drunk owner
A child
!remindme 2 months 15 days

If you don't get that dog a trampoline by then, I'll fuckin slaughter you.
This is the cutest freaking thing!! That poor baby needs a trampoline!! 😂 Thanks for sharing!
Serious question, I know my chow cant see images on tv because of no reaction. Can some dog see images on tv and some cant...?
OP I will track you down until you get that dog a trampoline
Absolutely awesome lil girl. She knew the part was coming. I watched it over a dozen times already :)
Soooo funny! You have to get it now, think of the disappointment if you don't.
Clearly she has been moonlighting as a TV commercial pup. You should be expecting your royalties check in 6-8 weeks.
/u/vredditshare
Good boy’
Please post a pic when he got the present
Does anyone else think they trained this dog to do that
Internet win for today
OP you gotta get it her, she deserves it so much.
Sooo cute!!
I'd be holding my ass tight if a dog so big came so close to my tv looking all excited
Awww, bless her! You really have to get her one now!!
yes
Oh she wants snow, Mkay
D
She wants a glass of botany Creek?
If i had money i would give this post an award!
Yes, another friend to jump around with.
if you don’t get her a trampoline i’ll destroy you
PLEASE UPLOAD HER REACTION WHEN YOU SURPRISE HER!
She's already got hops. She may leave orbit with a trampoline.
Boxers are the best dogs!
That dog is the dog in the commercial. (According to an old post)
I bet your family knows what you want for Christmas.
Nice
I was thinking it's really nice that they recorded it for the dog in a loop...
Nice
Yes I think I know too
If you can't afford, I think we can make it happen
My dog broke its leg on a trampoline
"That's what I'd be doing if I had a trampoline", as she looks back at her owner.
Easy to figure out
Im a typical man and need it spelling out.

.... What does the dog want?
Lovely!
There's Christmas commercials already?
That. Is. Adorable.
See, TV does create envy and materialism
Make his dream come true
What kind of dog is that?
"yoink, yoink"
I met the guy who directed this commercial. Crazy.
If you do end up getting her a trampoline you better post an update of her jumping on it!
That dog is the dog in the commercial. Its got the exact same markings.
Anybody who knows dogs knows that the day you buy her a trampoline, she wont want to go near the thing.
I fucking love boxers. I've had three boxers so far in my life and I don't intend on getting any other breed, they're just so much fun
Get it for her boxers love trampolines I had one and mine loved it
how many hertz on that tv?
My god this is the cutest thing I've even seen. Please follow up with a video of her with her new trampoline on Christmas so I too can feel warm and fuzzy inside.
Oh.. I see.. Some nice wine glasses for her chardonnay....
Popcorn and wine.
She's such a smart puppo.
Good girl
That is such an awesome commercial
You do not have a choice anymore, you must get it
Boxer Dogs Best Dogs
Is no one going to talk about these 3 seashells ???
Why are there what looks like 3 Google home minis lined up in a row?
Please tell me they did/or are going to get her one!
Who has 3 google minis lined up in a row.
I want that for Christmas, too. But I feel like she deserves it more for the excitability.
A mirror
Isn’t this add from last year?
Obligatory “REPOST!!!!” whenever you spot a lying OP
Wishing on his brain.

Even though he can't
explain the wishing on
his brain but he can show
on which that he want to 
do.
/u/vredditshare
Boxers are too smart for their own good lol
Reeeeepooooosssttt.
Did she drink that whole bottle of wine before the commercial came on?
Well duh, get that pupper a stool! He has to jump to be able to see the TV!
Will you pleaae share with us when she gets her present?
Omg get her a trampoline!

(My two boxers want to come visit)
Is that wine or was it wine in that bottle on the table?
I love this.  <3
I update us in this subreddit .
Omg boxer with an undocked tail!   Are you from UK?
Dogs are perfect
AND you have to jump with her!!!!
A child
We need another post with the dog in the trampoline
anybody here thinks it's the same dog
Isnt that the same dog? Where did you steal this from

Ppppr3

>wants
What's with the 3 Google homes?
u/vredditshare
Worried about the dog knocking the t.v over
We can't buy them anymore 

It's illegal
THE TURNING AROUND TO LOOK AT YOU LIKE “yeah you see what I want right? Okay cool.”

DOGS ARE THE BEST. 😭
A black girl ?, that was on my list too
[removed]
Waaut that dog look the same as in the movie ! Isn't
She also feel prepared for the scene she knows it's coming hmmmm !
/u/vredditshare
u/vredditdownloader
Hey u/Owlero , any updates?
So, did she get her trampoline??
Well? Did she get it?
Did you get it?
Buy her that trampoline. Now. You no longer have  a say in this.
Dumb dog
Best thing ive seen all week.
That’s the most wholesome thing I’ve seen tonight.
Omg you have a racist dog,  slavery is illegal for a while now
FUCK OFF, this is such a repost!!! This add is like 3 years old at this point and you giving this plebian almost 100k fake internet points for reposting it!!! Fuck away off Reddit!!!
Watch the full commercial [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4qo27xcVS5I)
Repost
I will follow your account til Christmas and if there's no post about it I will tell Obama
You better buy it
[deleted]
Holy shit this is to cute. Get this dog a trampoline!
I legitimately need to know whether you are really getting her a trampoline, when you plan to get it, if we can crowd fund this, and if you promise to please personally send every person who likes this a video of her discovering it for the first time.
this is too cute to be true. you’d better get that girl a damn trampoline.
Awwww:)
Holy F--- ...that is one smart dog!
If you don’t get it for her imma be Pissed!!
Buy the dog what he deserves!!!!!
PURCHASE A TRAMPOLINE
Get her a mini one,  that'd be so cute
Omg I love this so much I smiled with my teeth showing instead of breathing out through my nose
Oh wow, that is too much! What a good doggo! I hope she gets her wish haha.
[removed]
I don't even like dogs and I had to upvotes this
Is that the same doggo?
Tramampoline! Trambomboline!
We all expect an update in 2 months with your dog on a trampoline
Adoreeeblay
Omg thissssss!!
Dont postpond it. You really get him that pls.
You better get it for her
You have to show us her reaction when you give it to her! This is so cute!
Sooooo funny.  Hope she gets her Christmas wish. 😀
You have to set it up and let her run at it like the commercial. And of course take a video to show us.
Oh my god what a sweetie.

And yeah, you're buying her a trampoline. Have fun!
I hope this little derp doesn't break its tail with all the happy wagging. I'm usually not OK with docking or cutting of any kind on any animal but this is one time I'm OK with it. Rather prevent the painful break than deal with it. Also that wine ...I was worried that everyone was going to be in a splash zone of adult fun with all that wagging lol
Get the girl what she wants!
A brand new TV? Oh...
No offence but, I think you can do better than sticking your iPad on the wall to watch telly.
Post this video along side a GoFundMe and boom!!! Doggo trampoline-o!
I wanna see an update.
I am 100% for personally funding a trampoline for your dog.
*As she falls back and knocks over the wine bottle*...

😫🤣
A black girl?
