Maybe its a cuddlefish
"I see you have stopped. This is incorrect."
I've never seen a fish be that affectionate..
Fish is like we aint done here
You know why the fish did that? It's strange or is something common?
#thats a funny looking dog man
There is something out there that connects all of us in some way.
honestly this is exactly the content im on the internet for
I’d be more worried about the chompy boi swimming around in the back
I bet if a representative of every animal got together to discuss humans, they would have many interesting things to say. Some thigs maybe we might not want to hear. 


But then one of the animals would be like: " but scritches." And all the animals would be like: O MY GOD YES! SCRICHES ARE THE GREATEST!!" 

Our hands are just so amazing. I dont think there is a single animal that doesnt like humans touching them. Cheetahs got that speed, eagles fly, humans can put sharks to sleep with a belly rub and pull ticks off with perfect precision.
Welp. You're gonna need more oxygen. 'Cause your job is fish pets now.
I love how despite the direction all the other fish are swimming, Mr. Huggle Fins swims the opposite way when he sees his buddy...
Fish are friends not food
I swear, all these videos of fish liking pets and chickens giving hugs makes me feel really bad about my carnivore tendencies.
Are there erogenous zones on fish?

I ask because I learned they exist in birds after apparently spending many years of my childhood jerking my cockatiel off.  ):

edit: wow that was a weird sentence. sorry.
I’ve never thought that petting a fish was actually an option.

#Adding to bucket list items
See I know my catfish is smart but no one believes me.
Fish is all like “Steve. Steve I’ve had a rough day. I just need some time, okay? Hold me, Steve.”
\*happy bubbly sounds
Somethings the matter with ur cat
r/petthedamnfish
Compassion runs through life force in every organism
Aquatadoggo?

...but seriously did I just fucking witness extra fresh sushi actually come looking for cuddles?!
The greatest job doesn’t exi...
Fish are friends, not food.
Oh wow, that is so cool!!!!
Basically the same thing my shih tzu does whenever I’m watching tv. I wonder if the diver gets a fin to the balls if he doesn’t start scratching quick enough.
Maybe she is a girl. 🤔
Oh wow! you definitely don't see that every day.
r/WeirdLookingDogs
Aww. Ocean pupper.
Pescatarians are bullshit.
So you’re telling me fish are just water dogs???
Omgggggg! 🐟 so cute
Did that fish just... sit?
When “vegetarians” still eat fish because they don’t have feelings.
scientists are learning that lots of species of fish are much more intelligent than previously thought, blue planet II goes into it a little but ive also read about it in some posts on reddit. i wish i had the memory to cite some sources but new tech and observation methods theyve been observed using tools, remembering enormous patterns and areas in the ocean floor like us remembering streets in our cities, and even seemingly recognizing other individuals after long periods of time (months to even over a year). a lot of people are insensitive to them because they have a lack of expression or vocalization but if you ever have the opportunity to dive some will interact with you in very strange and unexpected ways.
Fish are friends, not food.
What the hell xD 
Had no idea fish liked cuddles. 

Are cuddles a universal language?
Fish are bros too.
Do fish actually like being pet? Is that a thing?
Fish like pets??
It actually amazing how many animals come up to humans for attention!
Love is a Language Everyone Understands ❤❤❤more love
I’ve never seen fish do that. It really makes you think twice about fish in general.
Pescatarians when they see this: OH HELL NO!!!!
Awwww. That’s super cute.
Wow that is some crazy stuff there!
Does that guy similarly fix the filters in the shark tanks?
Who’s a good fishy? Who’s a good fishy?
Didn't know dogs can hold their breath that long
This made me unreasonably happy haha
I get the feeling that all animals like these kinda of things
Does anyone know if petting fish releases dopamine like it does with animals?

For both the human and the fish.
That fish is part dog I swear
Having hands has made us so many friends among animals.

"Hey you, do the thing with your weird front-paws"
Holy fucking shit balls. So I'm from Australia and recently got back from Japan. We went to the Osaka aquarium and I think (like 95% sure) I was standing next to the person filming this video.
Hm...never occurred to me fish like pets...
Here fishy fishy
oh my goodness 😍
Is it alive
Oh I adore fish!
Do Fish enjoy being scritched? Butt Scritches for fishes!
I've never been a little fish guy but if I could afford a huge tank like this I would totally get a huge fish friend.
Dogfish
They're just like little puppies.
Is that normal behavior or is that fish unwell or something?
Fish cuddle? I didn't know they wanted cuddles
Awwww!  Any fish keeper will tell you they have much more personality than people think!  Oscars especially, and other cichlids.  Loaches too!  Not sure what this big boy is, but they're amazing creatures that deserve love!
My drunk girlfriend almost started crying watching this video
Looks like a Nassau Grouper. Also known as the dogs of the ocean. I have met these animals in the wild and they are in fact cuddly!f
Fish are underrated. Nuff said
And they say fish don’t have feelings
Human beings can be so sweet. I wish that's what we saw for the most part out in the world. I wish this was the rule and not the exception.
I need a cuddle too.
TIL belly scritches are universally loved
Watching the air bubbles. The diver goes from super relaxed just doing the job to “hey there buddy! Who’s a good fish? Who’s a good fishy fish???”
So there I am, trying to discreetly pee in my wetsuit, when this fish totally outs me.  I quickly recovered by acting like we were cuddling.
I never thought I’d wanna pet a fish???? Do they feel affection?
Well there goes my sushi appetite
Might be a stupid question, but do fish like getting petted? Like a cat or a dog would?
Wait, fish like to be touched????
It's a fish doggo!!!
I URGENTLY NEED TO KNOW WHERE I MAY SEE MORE FISHES GETTING SCRITCHES
A cuddlefish
It's amazing that humans who love to pet are on the same world as things that love to be petted
Bro, do fish actually like being pet like that? That's fucking awesome
What is this behavior scientifically speaking? Like obviously fish don't crave physical contact like people or say dogs do. They aren't nurtured by their mothers like petting mimics. I've seen other videos of fish doing this. Why?
Can someone explain the rules of this sub?

2 posts this past week made it to top where a dog appeared to be harming or killing a fish. I assumed those posts were cool because people don't care about fish too much, or less than other animals we eat as I suspect other videos showing animals harming other animals wouldn't make it here. 

Then I see this post where a guy is petting a fish. 

Is the idea those fish were wild and this one isn't?

I don't care either way just seems inconsistent to upvote a dog eating a fish and a man petting one so I was hoping somebody could explain it.
b-b-b-ut fish cant feel
Dammit Nemo what did I tell you?
OH MY GOD where is this
I dont know who this guy is but I appreciate you man
That moment when your underwater hovercraft wants hugs
Looks like a grouper.  There's a species called Goliath grouper that are absolutely ginormous.  Really cool to dive with.
"The Deep C"

Because the C is for "cuddles"!
Do fish like to be pet? Is there a spot they like most / least?
I had a pair of Clown Lochs for a couple of years since they were youmg and everytime I did tank maintenance, one would swim into my hand so I could rub his sides. Also, a puffer I had knew when I come home from work and hey excited when he saw me. Fish are interesting and super cool
I thought fish have bad memory.
I've never seen someone pet a fish before!
aquatic dog
Just curious, does fish like being touched like dog/pet?
Do fish like scritches?  Or do we just kinda personify everything.
Do fish like being pet?
/r/PetTheDamnDog
Maybe a stupid question, but do fish actually enjoy being petted?
What’s that job? Can I have that job? Amazing.
I thought that was a seal.
11/10 for that perfect landing to the g spot.
Wait, do fish like being petted?
Pet the damned fish!
Now this is a cuddle fish.
##HOW DO I GET THIS JOB?
Real talk, where can I get a job like this? I would love to just hang out with fish all day and I already have my open water scuba certification
Do fish feel pleasure from being pet?
**that's too cute**
This the first time I’m seeing a fish being petted
Dumb question, but do certain fish really like human contact?
Sadly only <1% of fish like cuddles. The rest just sorta *blub*
I wanna pet a fish
This is why it drives me mad when some pescaterians justify their choice by saying fish are stupid. They're really not.
Scubaman - "Ohhh whoos a goood fiiishy fishhhh...yaaaa your a good fishy fish"
Nobody gonna talk about the big ass shark in there with him?
Someone please give this man an award.
I don't know how you get this job but I need it.
He’s distracting him so the others can follow thru with “the plan”
So cute
Here’s my question of the day. Can fish get an itch? Because it looks like that dude hit the spot.
Imagine if hes trying to warn him of the sharks plans
r/petthedamnfish
That Veronica Vaughan is one fine piece of bass.
That's a good doggofish
Wait, fish like pets too?!?
He chomk
Water boye
Didn't know fishes like getting scritches.
Is just a big puppy 🐶💖😄
r/awwnderwater
Humans have hands for this reason. To cuddle all others.
TIL you can pet a fish too.
This took me on a tangent of fish intelligence research.  Yall know that groupers will team up with eels to hunt?
Touch da fishy.
Fish are friends, not food.
Is this really about cuddles or is it a parasite removal thing?
"please let me out of here I have a family"


sorry for the plot twist
 Everything is cute there is literally nothing to eat! Grass screams when it’s cut so save the vegan comments.
Proof that everyone loves a good pat
It's okay to eat fish

Cause they

Don't have any feelings
Can a scientist explain to me if that’s what’s actually happening here?
That cameraman really knows how to hold his breath.
Do fish like pats?
Dinner :D
Notice how the diver doesn’t even look down till the sharks have safely passed...
Yo this man is real shit petting a fish
Honest question here, do fishes and marine life respond to being pet like this? From my experience they don’t wanna be anywhere near people.
That is very sweet.
Who would've thought fish could be so darn cute?
Hey Biology reddit, is it just mean or does, "enjoys pets, scritches and cuddles," seem to be a highly conserved trait?
He really r/petthedamnfish
Aww that fish looked so lonely as he swam over with his sad little face.
It seems that it actually saw the diver and then rushed to him. This is so adorable.
There are sharks in the back...
He is swimming with sharks.
Well I'd cuddle up to the big human in that case too...
The fish looks like it's completely relaxed. Almost goes a little limp in his hands.
Fish are people too
Do we have any experts here? Is that fish really try to be affectionate?
Guess, i'll drown
u/wormeatingman
Someone needs to engineer a varren. (Mass effect game fish dog thing) I want a snuggly fish that can survive air!
He followed me home, mom, can I keep him?
Im sure its cuddlefish
Cuddlefish ?
We have a fish right now who gets so excited to see us. He can be at the furthest corner of the tank and will swim up to the front of the tank as quickly as possible to greet us when he knows we're in the room and stays there until we leave. He gets so excited when we feed him that he will literally leap out of the water (which seriously startled me the first time he did it) or will squirt water at whoever is feeding him. I've never known fish to be so interactive but hes a really cool fish.
In the island of Bonaire, there is a dive instructor that has a special bond with a 2m Tarpon. It is quite the sight to see, when the fish puts his head under the divers arm, asking to be pet
I dont know about these things, im just a normal citizen not a scientist so maybe somebody who knows these things could tell me. Do Fish have feelings ? I can understand that they want to cuddle. I mean that feels good. Why wouldnt they want something done to them that feels good ? But isnt there a law by nature to not approach Things that are bigger and might eat you ?
... a fish dog?
Well this is a genuine first for me. 👍
Why the fuck does this guy have 32 million karma
I *need* this job. 

How was work?

Great! Just cuddled with my buddy.
It amazing that the fish enjoys it. Being petted isn't exactly the type of thing a fish would evolve to enjoy.
“H U G” - Probably is what that fish thinks
Waterdog
Some fish enjoy getting petted because it gets stuff off their scales. It’s like scratching an itch
Love
Unbelievable!!!!
Wow, u think you have seen it all. I didn’t think fish like being touched, that puts a new perspective on how fish feel and have emotions surely?
It bothers me that you can't really intuit where they like to be let and rubbed like you can with a dog or cat... A dog will come to your feet, plop down, and present his belly for some rubbins! But fish? The only way to find out is if they come back or not....
Tank bro
didnt know fish can be cute but hey, I'm not complaining
Hooman. Giv pets
Did i just see a dude petting a huge fish
Lol. I love this planet
🎶*Ocean man, take me by the hand*🎶
There’s a strict no touch policy where I work unless an animal is imminent danger (when a sea turtle got its flipper tangled in my hose). The animals don’t know this. We have one nurse shark that spent a good 10 minutes waiting for me to put my fins on the ground so he could come and put his head on them. It was adorable.
Can you stroke a fish?
This guy deadass pet a fish
the way it swam over made my heart melt
Makes me wonder if sea life enjoy touching/petting as much as land based life does, land based life is very touchy and petting I think is a pleasurable experience because it's close to scratching, and scratching often alleviates a discomfort, so I think petting gives that same relief.

But sea life from what I've seen isn't really touchy and I don't think they every scratch, granted they don't have limbs to scratch them self, they could still use soil, rocks or vegetation.
So real talk.

People who do jobs like this in Big Aquariums? How much of your job is you in the tank doing this kind of stuff and how much is you outside the tank?
r/touchthafishy
[deleted]
This can't be true, right? Had a fish tank for 2 years, none of the fish showed any sign of affection or any intelligence. Wrong fish?
Haha wouldn't it be funny if we put a hook through its face and dragged it out of the water and watched it bleed and jump around like a spaz 😂

But we'd put it back of course. 🤗 man I love fishing.
It's a dog fish
Testing first comment
Mood
Hmmm ...

Is that a Coelacanth?
What species of fish?
Yang has a way of sorting this out!
I thought fish couldn’t feel anything, why would a fish display this behavior?
so cool!
We have a sub for people that WON'T pet the damn dog, and here is a guy petting a fish...
I Love petting fish!!
Who doesn’t love a belly rub?
We need a sub for that!
So do fish actually enjoy being pet the way a dog or cat would? Do they derive the same affection from it?
I think it’s a gag grouper?
Lowkey best boi
Catfish?
Awwww
A rare fish aww
how the fuck did i read big eye boy?!
I would like his job.
Insert the “Everyone liked that” meme.
In this case, the diver is the groper....
Grouper scritches
Porn video for Kanye West.
Baby shark do do do do do do
Obviously not a catfish.
AMAZING......
I did not know fish looked to be petted too. The more you know....
It blows me away when I see fish being affectionate like this
I’ve always wondered, do fish like being pet?? Do fish pet each other?
Fishies like pets too?!
It's gotta be wild to be touched by a human. Does any other creature have the manual dexterity we do? I feel like him man touch must feel pretty unique to animals.
Aw what a sweet *Cat*fish
That is the cutest fish I have ever seen
Great, now I don't want to eat fish...
Y’all still going to eat fish now?
I touchy da fishy
fish can be oddly cute
Nice doggy
This is so cute I’ve never seen anything like this
Ahh! cuddle time! cute scene indeed!
Do fish have "feelings"?
I don't understand how so many animals like being touched by the most apex predator on the planet. What's the logic behind it?
It's times like this you feel warmth in the cool waters. 😍
Fish puppy
fish like a pet
Sometimes an animal just needs some cuddles.
/u/Ocean-man212
Water doggo
Do fish really want/like scratches/cuddles?
Do they actually like cuddling? Like how do are know that they like it?
So sweet!
I'm convinced groupers are the puppies of the sea
What kind of fish is that?
Omfg they’re like water puppers
Halo
I'm not crying....
This gets my heart erect.
How does this guy have 32 million karma?
Empathy is wonderful but a double edged sword.
I’m pescatarian and now I never wanna eat fish again
I have a reef aquarium and I swear these fish notice me.
What biological explanation has this behaviour? I mean, a man is roughly seal sized and shaped.
You mean to tell me I CAN corner my fish and give em a little rub??
Lmao why my deer alive
My friend's dad tried doing something similar to this with koi fish, and they were not too amused.
add me fam just_edwinx
I was waiting for the shove at the end for when he was done with the pets, lol
I didn't know fish needed cuddles
But fish have no feelings though this is proof. /S
Fishes like scritches too ?
You can pet fish?
I read the title and still somehow thought this was a regular size office or home fish tank with a mini scuba diver figure.  Till I saw him move.  Then I started feeling dumb.
Kanye’s at it again.
I can’t eat fish anymore. Thanks lol
What sort of fish is that? Does anyone know?
That fish looked like a seal for a second there.
Humankind's greatest gift to this world is inter-species petting
Do fish like to be pet?
Now you won't get lonely when in the tank
How do you do this job? I want to do this job....
Wholesome Fish
Do fish like pets and scritches too? Lol
Aquacat!
A lot of things are really getting pet for the first time in the last few generations of people.  It’s really wholesome to see that almost everything really does enjoy being pet in some form or another.
The only reason air is coming out of his air canister is because he’s saying awwww
I Literally Just Said Aww
Yah I got that what aquarium
Pupper fish
A lot r/aww is dogs and cats, which I love. But these videos are the best. Animals you wouldn't expect this stuff from.
Grouper Groper
r/wholesome
That is cute
Next we need the grouper group hug
Awww
TIL fish like to get some loving also.
Cute
So precious
My heart-
Do fish like belly rubs?
so, now you know why we don't eat fish. please stop asking.
That's something they probably don't get a lot of but feels great.
It must be incredibly itchy to be a fish.
If i were a fish, i feel like ide be this guy
Can fish feel that? Idk if they have nerves on or right under their scales.
Now I know I can't ever go fishing again, now that I know that fish like to be cuttled.
Fish do this?!  Wow, I had no clue.
Kitty :D
AWWWW
How adorable the fishy
Now I’m going to feel bad about eating fish.
Thanks, now I won't be able eat fish again
I HATE when people touch the wildlife but this I'm totally ok with
Is this the Georgia Aquarium??
Just swoops right in there and demands some lovins.
Well anyone who has ever known any thing about fish know they just love a good cuddle, they just prefer to still be under the water when doing so..😁
Do fish actually like to be cuddled?
What did we learn today?

Ugly people have feelings too.
Good dogo
Ive said it before and I will say it again, humans will bond with anything.
Fish are just specialized water doggos and you're not changing my mind
Hlaf expected the fish to start purring or something!!!
We’re really all out here just wanting cuddles
It's cuter when you watch it the second time and see him hauling ass over there.
This is going to sound weird. But is there any science or studies that have to do with fish getting rubbed bringing any sort of pleasure or enjoyment ?
Watch the fishys eyes as he slides up he's like omg hooman I'm gettin some rubs
TIL some fish like to be pet like a dog or cat
Well, today I learned that some fish love to be pet.
Grouper are not this nice
this isnt one of those fishes that is attracted to ammonia is it?

please nobody notice.
I.... I want a pet that affectionate
yesterday i (kinda) got to pet some fish. we went to this japanese friendship garden downtown and they had this massive koi pond there with a bridge over it. the bridge was low enough to where i could go up to maybe my second knuckle deep in the water and the fish were swarming around me and my sister was like "dude you should try to touch the fish" so i did. several of them were out of the water enough so i could pet their heads a bit with the backs of my fingers (so i didnt accidentally scratch them) and they kept coming up so i kept petting them. they felt kinda rubbery like a dolphin on the more fleshy parts of their heads.
Fish are friends, not food.
I wonder how intelligent they are compared to like a cat or something
Awwwwwww

Snuggly
I am so confused.
Did that man stroke a fish
:)
That fish is wookin' pa nub.
If chimps developed the mental capacity of our love to give animals of all kinds scritches than we would stand no match for the animal kingdom coalition with the chimps at the helm.
Do fish actually enjoy being petted
"Coddamn these humans and their opposable thumbs" - that fish, probably.
B A B E Y
r/petthedamnfish
Do fish like to have someone pet them?
Blub blub doggo.
Are fish reptiles? They don’t actually feel emotion sadly then, do they?
UwU
This gives me hope for humanity !!❤️❤️
This made me so happy. Thank you.
Such a good boy
r/mademesmile
Aren't you not supposed to touch the fish because of their protective mucus layer?
Do fish like to be pet?
Do fish actually like being pet?
I've read that touching fish is bad for them.  Does that not apply if you're wearing whatever gloves this guy has?
I like how humans have a natural instinct to pet things smaller and cuter than us even if it makes no sense
Damn.....I really should stop eating meat.....or at least be more egalitarian and eat more humans.
Big boye’s need love too
Humans are weird man. Anything that comes up to us, we say 'yes must pat'.
FISHY FREN.
Watching it at 3 am and i almost started screaming aww!
That big boye is going to be a doggo in his next life
I love the fact fish enjoy petting
Um. Excuse me.
If ever there was evidence of reincarnation.
Thr's sumthin fishy about that buoy
I’m amazed a fish is so affectionate!
Serious question: is there a special way to pet a fish???
Omg that is Awesome
Fish are so cute!
Thank you. I needed this today.💙
Do all animals like being pet or am I just seeing a lot of friendly would animals
How cool is that!
Do they pure
Nice
Hello
100 relatable
What a good lil feesh
Love the respect bump at the end”
Is this Osaka Aquarium? I saw the same exact thing there!
Is this Osaka aquarium? Looks familiar.
"Stop it Martha, you're gonna get me fired again. I'm trying to work." Lol. 

You can tell he is laughing. Lots of bubbles doodling up.
Watching this, I realized that human is best to cuddle with because of the fingers and joints allowing detailed cuddling
How do I have this life?
I’ve just been here. He’s still sweeping up. The rock.
/u/VioletineRS

See fish are basically cats
Fish: “Guys, there’s a thing at the edge of the tank, and if you approach it with Love in your heart, it affectionately rubs your head and back, and it’s the most beautiful thing in the world!”

Other fish: “Fuck off, Carl.”
Whigat kigind igof digog igis thigat?
This made me realize how most of the animal kingdom is incapable of scratching most of their own bodies. That would suck.
Y’awwwww
I want to pet a fish too!
I have never in my life seen a fish be pet like that,sooo cute i love this,well ive never seen anything underwater be petted
This is adorable. Do fish really enjoy getting pets?
Proof fish have souls too
M O I S T B O I
❤️
I want this job so bad
This is a cat in a fish body working it out
So do fish really like getting pet? I thought it’s bad for you to touch then in general
Fishes love scritches
Rubbing off his protective coat.
Humans will packbond with anything...
Is it true that every animal wants to be petted
I relate
I'd rather say its a big buoy.
Wait you can pet fish

Yes yes give me fish and potatoes, and I'll give you everything
pet the fishy
That is a baby
Now I kinda feel guilty for eating fish.
I need a job like this.
me as a fish
is that a water dog?
This is the cutest thing ive seen on Reddit
#get me out of h-

Ohhhhhh that feels niiiiiiiice
Weird looking dog
I sometimes think that we evolved just to be nature's best cuddler and this whole "world domination" thing came as an unforeseen consequence.
I have never hear before of a fish wich liked being touched
I didn't know fish cuddled.....
So loving 🥰
I had no idea fish had that kind of behaviour!
Gulugulu
Are we just going to ignore the massive shark at the beginning?
He looked so sad on his way over to him.
first instinct is to pet fish
Too cute 😀
I wonder how they feel about petting. And how would they feel about massage?
Pet the damn fish!
That’s Frikin adorable
Omg so beautiful
Fishes want scritches!
water doge
This person has the best job
Omg I love this
He saw the shark and was hiding behind you
To this fish, it isnt a routine filter check, but rather his routine pet session. So sweet:')
So darn cute!  Awwww.
So cute :)
heya a good boi
Go home fish you’re drunk
Fish are friends, not food.
I sometimes think about what aliens would tell other aliens about us. One of the things would certainly be: “Wow, those humans REALLY like to pet things! I’m serious, no matter how gross it is - if it’s alive, they wanna touch it with their hands!”
00:44

r/PetTheDamnFish
doesn't look like your typical dogfish
Fish: “Same time next week”?
Can fish feel being pet? I thought since they don’t have the sensory organs capable for feeling pain they couldn’t feel this either. That’s cool.
I thought right at the beginning of the gif that there was a manatee riding a shark
I dunno, maybe i fat shamed the fish...
so imagine a diver... gets eaten alive.. and just breaths enough air bubbles that the monster opens its gut and he just swims back out.
That's what Joe said
I love that the diver is nice to him
So cute !
ah, i want pats too
I wonder where this is?
Awwwww yeah get dem belly rubs
relatable
The guy in the next tank -

"And I got the sharks..."
Weird looking dog dude
Years ago a grouper in an public aquarium used to let me brush its teeth and fins. I guess i was just a big cleaner wrasse to it.
I love groupers :)
Damn it bitches! These fishes need scritches!
Probably a dumb question, but don’t fish have to keep moving to get oxygen from the water? This fish was stopped for a while, so was it just “holding its breath” for a really long time, or is the water being agitated because it’s an aquarium?
My favorite thing I've seen on Reddit
Awe
This is the most adorable thing I've seen today.
"Excuse me sir, but can I haz a cuddle?"
Fish are friends not food!
This is so incredibly cool
So, how many of you eat fish by paying people to take them out by thousands out of the sea to suffocate, crushed by hundreds of their fellows?
Fuck off reposter scum.
It's okay to pet fish, they don't have any feelings
Thats a big buoye!
So, uh, is there like "Impossible Fish" yet?
Not only will humans pack bond with anything, we’ll go to amazing lengths to do it
What a gentle boye!
Fish are friends, not food.
“Mmm I’ll make you a fish sandwich soon.”
~~Kya~

Onii-chan, not the fins!

You know I'm very sensitive there ^u^
Fishnigga
Remember to go vegan to be nice to the creatures and our planet. 😊🤗
He gunna get head 😳😳🥴
I have to wonder if there's a potential future for humanity where we're all pretty much Disney princesses because we acquire a wide reputation in the animal kingdom as givers of great scritches. Kind of like cleaner wrasses, but with hands.
Ok thanks
[deleted]
Guys I've just thought of a way to combat global warming. Water is cold. Can't get hot if we all love underwater. So I can pet all the fish.
Reasons to stop fishing the oceans
