I love that she doesn't half-ass this even slightly. She goes in at a full charge and starts hitting ramps. Goddamn that's a lady.
20/10 mother
When the camera pans around and you can see him smiling. 😭😭😭
Mom’s about to die. 
Kid: “I’m not tired yet, Mom. Keep going!”
Lol
I voted that lady/mom adult of the year 2019.
I love seeing all kinds of accessibility frames being built for people with disabilities. I feel like it really helps to open up the world for folks who were overlooked.
I think I need one of those contraptions to learn how to skateboard too
His smile could light the world.
I’ll push him all day for her! Also quite the contraption
I know this won’t ever reach the people in the vid but.... don’t be afraid to show up when the park is dry and full of others. Skateboarders can be some of the nicest, most empathetic people you could come across. Guarantee they would welcome him and teach him some techniques and tips. We just love anyone who also shares the joy of skateboarding.
Next to the definition of the word "Love" in the dictionary... 

They should just post this video.
Extra kudos to that smart and brave mom for choosing a rainy day for a less crowded skate park experience
I could watch this all day.

ETA:    ❤️T H A N K  Y O U for the GOLD❤️
She’s definitely gets Mom of the Year award! 🥇
r/humansbeingbros
Look at his happy face! God damn that’s heartwarming
I’m not crying, you are
My best friend has a daughter with cerebral palsy. She takes her surfing and the little girl absolutely loves it. I hope we can make her something like when she is a little older. I always get so excited to see videos like this :)
Hey, I actually know him, this is crazy!

His name is João and he is from a town south of Brazil called Porto Alegre, where I live. He is the son of a colleague and friend of mine.

His parents are awesome and his mom actually wrote a book about her experience with atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome (aHUS) called “71 Leões” (71 Lions, referring to the number of days she spend in the hospital with him when he was first diagnosed)

They actually had a massive funding campaign to help his treatment since they had him pretty young, and a lot of people got involved and helped. The skate seen here is from a company called Skate Anima, (@skate_anima).

His Instagram is @avanteleaozinho and has a lot of other videos like this iF you are interested. It is a really sweet story of amazing people, and everybody does the most for him and he is a very happy child!

This is probably the first time I’ve seen my city on reddit and it’s insane that it is someone pretty close to me.
"Do a kickflip"
That smile is of pure joy and happiness
He is so happy. This made me smile
If they replace the castor wheels with big 80mm+ inline wheels with spacers, it will run smoother like skates and less like a shopping cart. I did this with a dolly recently. If someone knows the mom, please let her know!
A mother's love
This is so cool
That smile.
It must be amazing to have such good parents.
This had me welling up in the tram now I look stupid. Go shred kid, go shred.
As a dad of a child with cp, this is awesome.
Dad would have let go of the cage
The amount of fucking happiness this brought me cannot be quantified
He’s so happy I want to cry
I should call my Mom.
very nice.

but he really needs a helmet.

that wheel went off the ledge his head would have really impacted hard.
Well this made my morning! How awesome.
Moms are the best, they would do anything for their kids ❤️
Asking for a friend — does that happy box come in adult sizes?
Moms are the best.
#SHRRRREDDDD BRO YEAH
Moms are the shit
So wholesome. We must protect them at all costs.
I can't stop watching this!  Everything about it is beautiful!  And, obviously is is/has been raining, and they're like, we don't effin' care, we came to ride!
This makes me smile
Awesome mom and awesome job to whoever designed the rolling holder.
Now that is a MOM !
Take all my upvotes
Bout to skate of a cliff
OG mom
Mom is a hero! And a beast for all that pushing. Smiles make it worth it!
Oh man this is awesome! Moms gotta be tired! Would love to have scene this and helped the little guy on another run or 2!
This is absolutely beautiful.  What an incredible mom.
upvote the shit out of this...
Go hug your moms everyone.
Mom of the year!
Fuck yeah, go mom!
What a little legend
Yo did Tony Hawk get shorter!?!?
Little dudes gotta learn how to drop in with this thing
Saw this and just started tearing up. Such an inspiring video.  What a wonderful parent (I think?) and child moment. As a parent of a special needs child seeing things like this really brightens my day. Also love many of the comments of inclusivity below.  I 100% understand why she went when she thought there wouldn’t be anyone there (if that really is the case). But I truly was moved at many of the posters comments about coming back when people would be there.
First I was thinking props to the mom for doing this for him...a new experience that must feel like riding a roller coaster for the first time. Then I saw the smile on his face...it was like the roller coaster x 10.
I absolutely adore parents who take this challenge of raising a disabled child in this world. They give up their comfort and their own lives to give someone who can’t otherwise care for themselves ‘normally’ a life they deserve. It’s an amazing thing in my book. That kid is so happy... it’s infectious
What's with disabled people and this subreddit? I don't know about you but this doesn't make me go aww
Is this really aww material? who looks at this and goes aww, thats fucked up, should be on a sub called TopParents or something.
This is super cute but I would have waited for a sunny day the ground looks wet and they both could slip easily
dude shreds
Clever.  And considerate of other skaters.  She did it on a day the park wouldn't be busy.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Why is this on “aww”. It’s incredibly degrading to  call it  cute to watch disabled people do normal things.
Man. Few of us have reason to ever complain. This guy. And mom.
\+save  **✓**
Mother of the year!
You go, mama.
What true love looks like
That's a brilliant design!
This is the absolute best thing I’ve seen in a while
what a cool mom
This is so sweet.
A mom making her son's dreams come true !!  She deserves  a Mommy Award !
That’s quite a mom he’s got there
Not just mom of the year, but mom of the century
Props to whoever designed that contraption.  Nice  [👍](https://emojipedia.org/thumbs-up-sign/)
Sick!!
Mom 💯 and then some
Mom of the Century.
Next she has to recruit some skaters and get him on the grind rail.
If you’re lucky enough to have a mom like this call her up right now and tell her you love her
That was so sweet & awesome.
Now grind the rail
Love this! What a great mom, and that beautiful smile!
I’m not crying, you’re crying!
This is the coolest thing I have seen in a long time.
Well, this is the most wholesome thing I’ll ever see.
How great. What a wonderful mom for doing this instead of oh he can't do that! but she found a good and safe way for him to be able to and actually experience childhood instead of behind held back from it because of their medical issues and just being in beds, hospitals and such.
Just blinking really fast...must be allergies.
World's best mom right there. I hope my kids think I'm half as amazing as I think this woman is right now.
Love this, just wish he had some other skaters to share the moment with and help mom out.
My parents would have been like, skateboarding does not bring in money. Like they did with me and gaming.
The smile on that kids face means moms going to be in peak physical condition soon.
He looks like Rodney Mullen a bit!
Someone give her mother of the year award
***Oh FUCK YES!!!!*** If I was out there I'd be cheering and helping homeboy out! What great parents!!!!!
She’s a real mother...I mean, in the very best possible way.
Does anyone know where this skate park is? I want to go there and hi 5 the shit out of the mum & the kid. His smile is worth millions.
This woman is amazing! Moms are force of nature! Love it
This is what I needed on my shitty tuesday
Having CP as well, this really warm my heart. 😭
Truest smile I have ever seen. Awesome mother!
This is wholesome
This is definitely a 'mother of the year award' nominee
Amazing, best parenting, 110/100!
Made me really smile and I could really use it today, so thank you for the share!! And that mom is awesome!
Super Mom to the Rescue!
God Bless her
As a father of a little girl with CP, thank you. 😊
God damn, hit me right in the feels.
Skate or die Skate or die
I'm not crying you're crying
This does put a smile on my face.
 OMG I'm not crying. I'm going to hug and kiss my healthy kid asap.
Moms, though. Dedication.
/r/ItHadToBeBrazil
Mom’s a freaking legend. 👍
Goddamn it.. put away the onions!
This is beautiful
Also a good qualifier for r/HumansBeingBros
Tony hawkins ?
 oh god i usually don’t like kids but this made me so freaking happy, all love to that woman and her son they’re both angels
World's best mom!
So amazing and wonderful of her to do this.
My mom taught me not to skate in the rain. I knew she was wrong! Rain skating = entire internet crying and cheering me on.
But can he grind tho?
Classic newbie mistake! Boarding in the rain, tsktsk...
/s
It scares me this is in the rain...
Parenting, she’s exceeding the quality. So happy for them both
I don't have cerebral palsy but I would love to use that set up so I could skate board without breaking my body.
That’s a great mom right there!
Looks like they have a new hobby! What a lovely video.
As a parent ... my allergies are killing me today
This is literally fucking precious
Im not crying,  you're crying
Thanks reddit I’m crying at the construction site.
Best. Thing. Ever.
I’m not crying. You’re crying.
Holy shit. I’ll be over here crying..and then crying some more
Mom of the year right there.  Is that homemade or manufactured by someone?
I’m not crying you’re crying
This makes my heart happy.
Come on Science, let’s give this child the chance to move on his own!!
He is cheating
A friend of mine had a baby a few years ago who sadly died of some birth anomalies shortly after birth. My friend was heartbroken. She wanted to do something to honor the baby’s memory, so she decided to start a charity. Since my friend is a pediatric physical therapist, she decided that the charity would be centered around providing specialized bikes to kids with mobility challenges. They also have an exchange program so that bikes that get outgrown can be re-used. The videos they post of these kids getting to use their new bikes are always so heartwarming, just like this one!

(IG charlieschampsfl if anyone is interested)
Do a flip
Nice, now do a kickflip!
Poor kid wont be skating much longer.

His board will go soggy and bearings seize up.


Necessary /s
Coolest mom ever
I want to upvote this 5000 times.
Who makes The contraption 

Make sure this is known there are thousands of other parents who want to do this

And I know there are a million or more skate boarders who will take over when mom is worn out

But without the contraption it will never happen
Omfg I think I’m going to cry.
I love this mom.  She is as special as her son.❤
Cot damn onions in here!
This video is absolutely amazing and the comments from other skaters have made me cry. I used to skate in highschool and theres really no better and more supportive group then skaters. Whether ur dropping in for the first time or your first kick flip, itll be celebrated like you just landed the hardest trick in the world. I hope they go back when it's not raining so new friends can be made.
As a skater and someone who has hung round skateparks for years, I really hope that they didn't think that they could only go when it was wet and there was no-one there. 

We love seeing this shit and every skater I know would want to make them feel welcome and help them get involved and have as good as time as possible.
As a parent of an one year old this makes me tear up. You can appreciate how much the kid loves it, and in this moment you truly understand the phase all children are beautiful
Mother and sons always have such a close bond😥
GOAT Mom
If you don’t upvote this then what do you upvote
This mom is doing it right! That smile at the end is worth a million bucks
People are just great. Like the best.
This is just cool. Awesome mama!
Awesome mom!
I worked at a summer camp for kids with cerebral palsy and spina bifita. We did as much as humanly possible to allow them to do stuff normal kids did. One kid even had a special rig that floated and had a harness so he could swimming.  The joy that you saw made all the hard work worth it.  For one week out of the year they got to be normal.  Everybody, I mean everybody, cried like babies at the closing ceremony because nobody wanted to go home.
Man he's better than me
You are an awesome mom with an awesome skateboarding son❤️
I watched like 5 seconds of video and started crying
My sister has severe cerebral palsy and my mum has totally done shit like this before. She helped her play soccer once by holding my sister up by her hands and duct-taping my sister’s legs to hers—even though my mum has arthritis and it fucked over her hands the next day. But it is totally worth it to see the smiles on their faces, and a real reminder of how much they’re robbed of. 

My sister can’t even jump, so my brother and I used to carefully help her into the middle of a trampoline then jump at the same time so she could experience it. Instant fit of laughter.
Puts me in a happy place...
This is so damn wholesome and beautiful. Imagine the effort this mom went through to get this done.
This needed sound
As a person with Cerebral Palsy this is awesome and a wonderful feat of enrgineering to be sure, I hope they’ll use this for many, many other things, I can see it being used to teach kids with CP to walk without fear of falling and continue exercising
Seriously, one of our tech billionaires need to step up and make this available at cost. Fucking Mother of the Year!
She needs to put a bar on the back of that thing and ride it like a shopping cart.
Damn, this hit me really hard. I loved skating when I was growing up and I never realized how much I took it for granted.

Is there any way to support specific causes like this? I'm in engineering now, any way to help build/design/manufacture experiences like this for all different people?
The best video I have ever seen, thank you mom for being amazing. My little boy had quadra cp, I made sure the 4 years he was here were the best years of his life. Sending hugs to you both, just beautiful
[removed]
Sweet, but i dread the rusted bearings that come out of that
More like cerebral Ballsy! That's badass! Go mom and kid!
I'm not even going to watch the video. I already know this is NOT aww material.
Lol what a ducking poser bet he can’t even do a kick flip
Oh god pls dont skate wet concrete
Im sure that this isnt her first time ever helping him
What a beautiful smile
[deleted]
Dude how fucking awesome <3
Wow!!!
That’s badass
Holy shit I need one of those
That's a SUPER MOM right there. Things she'll do for love...
This is so fucking nice, im crying.
Ok, but can he Ollie?
I call next
This is also me trying to skateboard
My heart just grew three sizes. 💗
Mother of the year! The engineering behind that rig is quite impressive!!
Just putting this up on as many threads as possible farming upvotes. Really warms the heart.
Give that mom an award.
The love of a mother is a beautiful thing.
Such respect for doing this must mean so much for him.
That smile is priceless! Great mum too
The joy on that kids face says it all- he's got the best mom ever!
What a beautiful smile.  Kudos to Mom.
Oh wow... That's just so awesome. Made my day. When life gets you down, appreciate small things and be thankful. That will get you through life in a positive way.
Holy shit I can’t stop smiling and crying at the same time
What a great mum! And the kids smile is infectious!! Made me grin like mad
If this mom is ok with a rando pushing her kid around the skate park I would very much like to help. I hate working out but this looks fun!
Do a flip
That's one cool ass mum
A little bit of faith restored. I needed this, today.
What an incredible mom. Wonder where the frame came from.
Sweet jacket too!
I wish I could hear that happiness. The smile on his face was amazing
That made my day!!
In the rain? Ballsy move
“Not your baby”
Is there a cure for this?

:,c
😭 the kid smiling...
So inspirational! Next time I'm about to tell my kids "sorry, that's not possible", I'm going to remember this.
She is my hero!! A superhero, a supermother!! Well done!!!
I'm not crying!
The way he looks at his mom with so much love in his eyes. God damn that look is like parenting crack.
Omg, my heart just grew two sizes ❤❤❤
This is the most wholesome thing I have seen in a while. Thanks for sharing!
Bro... I’m crying hella hard. That was a gnarly run.
Party on, little grommet. Nice moves! (And good on mom too - she looks tired)
So freaking awesome! Love that smile at the end
Precious!
Momming done right.  Very cool.
Now that is an awesome mom!!
Great mom
What a great day!
LOOK AT THAT BIG SMILE OMG
Damn kids got some cool stuff to let he skate board
So here I am, doing everything I can
holding on to what I am
pretending I'm a Superman
That's pretty rad.
This is that good shit that makes me feel like everything will be okay in the end.
/r/skateboarding     
/r/NewSkaters
Best thing ever!
I need this
Mom of the century award goes to ... This mom!!
Why my eyes so damn watery now? Especially after seeing his smile.
This might be the most wholesome thing I've ever seen on Reddit. Thank you OP.
Go mum! What a fab lady u are, that smile of his says it all 💕💕
This is too wholesome N now I’m crying in the work bathroom.
What a cool mom 🤙🏽
Almost made me cry <3
What a cool idea! I wish them more moments of shared fun and love like this!
My Wife wants children and I am terrified of even the idea of having kids... Seeing something like this, where a parent goes above and beyond just out of pure love for their kids, goes a long way in helping me look beyond the fear and believe that I am perfectly capable of not only having kids, but raising them well and in a way that they too can feel just as loved and treasured as the young person in this GIF clearly feels. Thanks for posting, it helped start my day with a smile and positive vibes.
I’m not crying. You are.
This absolutely made my soul happy!! Thank you for being an interactive mom and making the impossible possible!
Y’all are gonna make me ugly cry at work fr?
This is awesome but was wondering about it being slippery from the rain...then I figured it was probably because it was the only time it was empty enough for them.

Also, I'm making a lasagna...for one.
That was beautiful
Great mom, great great mom.  The struggles she must face on a daily basis and the strength she must have is humbling to me.  I can't wait to get home and give my son a hug.
Lil dude is loving it! ☺️☺️☺️
Moms are the best! Thanks for posting this OP. This was really wholesome. Coming from a guy who is living on a different continent from his beloved mother and misses her!
What an awesome Mom!
Stop cutting onions these are manly tears
Man I love this so much.
The intense love for her son is the most heartwarming thing on this planet 💗
His face says it all
Made my day
What an awesome mom!!!
I’m not crying at work, why do you ask?
God Bless this little Boy
Now that is one insanely cool mom
The feels are present
I definitely checked which subreddit I was in before watching that video. Glad it ended well for little dude.
I need sound on this.
Crying over here
As a parent to a special needs kiddo, I cannot begin to express how proud I am of that parent for going the extra mile for their child. *slow clap*
I know i would get in line to push this kid around and i'm sure i am not the only one. This is a great mom.
Mother of the year
The evolution of scooterkids at the skatepark
This really makes me happy!!
Def r/mademesmile
now he just has to do a kickflip!
Omg he's the cutest boy in the world
Hell yea! That looks awesome.

Be careful on the wet ramps, since they're often pretty slick, and wear a helmet next time!

Skating changed my life, and it's awesome to see stuff like this.  Awesome job parents!
This is so heartwarming
PURE LOVE! This is fantastic! Now my eyes are sweating...
I wish i was rich. I would buy a little 1 hp motor install it on this baby and have mama control it. I also wish i was smart enough to do this but thats about all i can do.
Love has no boundaries!
[removed]
Holy shit. I can't breathe. Lump in my throat. That was so beautiful
[removed]
Before I realized she was going on a ramp I was like wtf is she doing
The physics simulation setup on this mom is on point!
I both pity and feel envy for that child, not being able to do such things on his own, yet having family that will go so far so he can do stuff like this

Makes me wanna donate whatever I can to help people like this. 

Where can I drop off my spinal fluid or stem cells to help research?
Find her and let her know she is the best!
Best mom ever
Absolutely AMAZING!  The look on his face says it all!  What a great Mom!
Her running in the rain sketches me out
Not gonna cry. NOT CRYING!!!
Ahhh I love this! Go mom! And son!
This video made me feel happy but also sad.... until we see the big smile on his face. This dude is having the time of his life 😭
Reminds me of the show Speechless - Maya will definitely do something like this for JJ.
This is what they mean when they say you'll do anything for you kids huh ?
This just made me smile
His smile 🥰
Rock on mummy
Take him to any active park and those guys would be fighting over who got to push him. He'd be a fucking king.
This is awesome but I need to see her go down halfpipe.
Best Mom Award goes to...
r/mademesmile and maybe a tear.
Love
this is just all around awesome. reminds me of the ASkate foundation that teaches autistic kids to skate
i can't wait for the videogame to come out.
Mom should put on skates so they can both have fun!
This made me cry. Oh my god.
Am I bad for thinking “oh my god she’s about to go over the edge... is that where this video is going :O........ oh, she didn’t fall off the edge 😒”
The delight on his face!
My heart just exploded.
I wanna see him do a kickflip
In the rain too!!! What a mom!
Best mom in the world!!!
/r/praisethecameraman
awe inspiring
This is awesome. Puts me on edge though that they're doing it on such a wet day
Man, look at that smile! Cool mom!
This makes my heart beyond elated
So joyful. Love his smile.
Wow, someone in here is cutting onions. What a great Mom
Yo, that was cute as shit. And I'm actually a stone-cold bastard, everybody knows that
That’s fucking amazing!!!!

Made my day.
Thats the most beautiful thing ive seen all year
Don’t have CP. Still need this level of assistance
What a badass woman! Fucking mother of the year material right here
I can't even pretend it's dust. His joy!
Supermom
What a rad fucking mom.
I’ve never been as happy as that boy was there
Wonderful person. It’s a shame in today’s society people are always thinking along the lines of ‘what do people think about me if I do this ....’ giving enjoyment and reviving enjoyment in the process is what counts.
I might be able to skate with one of these contraptions!
I wanna see how this holds up in a pool
his smile at the end 20/10
First thing in a long time that almost made me cry
Crying
Damn. Tearing up watching this. The joy in this kids face is amazing. Amazing job by the mom.
In the rain though?
[deleted]
That kids smile at the end is amazing.  Great mother!
can he do a kickflip tho
As a 38 yr old who’s been skating the majority of his life, I’m crying the happiest tears right now 🥺😄🥰
This is the best thing on the internet
I'm crying in the club rn
Oof, mah heart
What a smile; good on her for sure!
This is awesome!
that smile!!!! love it
I think my heart just exploded.
Do a kickflip
This may sound a bit harsh, but would this boy riddled with cerebral palsy be considered a goofy-footed skater?
That’s fucking adorable
That's a damn good mom.
Fantastic smile at the end!! Good for you ..:))
We are gonna see this lady doing marathons next year.
/r/MadeMeSmile
A mom for the ages
WHO'S CUTTING ONIONS
I can really feel the love. I’m honestly tearing up.
idk how it is around that area, but if it were my area and there were other skaters around, they'd be so stoked about this. Skaters get a bad rap, so are good some are buttholes, but at least the community around my neighborhood just wanna see people enjoy skating. 

This is really cute, I love people content on this sub.
"Do a kickflip!"
Didn’t help much, that kid was f****ng shredding.
This is the best video
Naw I ain’t crying.  That’s just dust. Ya know
My dad raised me on a skateboard and I couldn’t imagine if I couldn’t do the same for my children. This inspired me to never let that not be a option if my children were handicapped in anyway. I’d love to make a donation to whoever produces this equipment, in hopes they make it more accessible to those in need!
That mom is fucking rad
Best mom of the years
That made me smile. :)
Because that’s what heroes do. 

What an absolutely phenomenal mom. <3
I'm dumb and forgot what cerebral palsy was for a second. I thought it meant that something in the kid's back was broken and I literally cringed when I saw his movements. Buuuut then I remembered wat cerebral palsy was and now I'm ok.
This is the best thing I’ve ever seen
That's beautiful, mom's really do make the difference in life
This right here... makes grown men cry
And best mom award goes to this wonderful mother
Wonderful, this is the first video I saw when I opened up reddit after a hard day at work. 
How lovely.
Who's the asshole who left the shoes on the the ramp?
That kid can shred. Even with all that stuff I would still fall right on my ass
do a kickflip...
Absolute gold
This is absolutely beautiful! His face is pure happiness
This woman better win woman of the year award.
Us moms would go bring the moon and stars for our babies!!! Love this!!!! Xoxo
I couldn't care less about this stuff before I had a child myself...now I'm crying over this smile. Hormones are weird.
I’m sending this to my mom with a note, “THIS IS WHY YOU’RE ENDING UP IN A HOME!”
Mom of the year. What a magical moment for both of them.
Absolutely radical, I bet if you add some kind of lift pulleys to the board and harness you could get some controlled air time
Fuck you for making cry. But really, his smile is so wonderful to see. That mom is awesome.
I need me one of those.
Cool mom.

But shes about to be disabled to running around a skate park in the raid like that lol
crying in the club
Be still my heart
I don’t want to be that guy but I do think it is her baby
Mom, you did an awesome job. The smile on his face is well worth tht time and effort.
Mom, if you’re within 12 hrs of me I’ll come for a day and push this guy around. Awesome
I’m not crying, you’re crying
Take all my Upvotes, please! Love this!
One day, that will go terribly terribly wrong. Great mom though, props to her
Hat's off to the mom for doing this and not busting her ass! Skateparks are slick when wet.  Also my eyes are wet now.
Promise to bring him on a sunny day.  He will be a inspiration to the other kids. Nothing is impossible. Also great parenting and that inspired me as a father of 2 about the same age.  Cant wait to show them this vid.
money can't buy that kind of smile
Can someone explain what cerebral parsley is?
That smile says it all...props to the mom.
god i wish my parents loved me
Eric Koston driving by: “DO A KICKFLIP!”
Hahaha and MY parents were always telling me I’d break my head open, become disfigured and were irritated every time they saw me heading out the door with it. Love this
That's wonderful
Damn, that's an awesome parent.
All mothers are not created equal - I am happy this guy got one of the ~~good~~ great ones.

Rock on righteous mom!
Oh, wow. What a beautiful sight to see and what an amazing mother: I want a mother like her. So much love and affection all captured in this gif (I'm assuming there's a video somewhere). Look at the joy and smiles on both their faces 👍❤️
The look on his face; priceless!
Someone needs to make one of these with larger wheels and get her a boosted board
Punk as fuck
The design of that device is awesome! Glad he gets to experience skateboarding. Hes already better than I ever was lol
My dude, getting down!
Cool mom point for not only helping her son skate but for being brave enough to want her baby to do this and finding a way to make it happen. She and him are truly awesome humans!!
Epic Mom Achievement unlocked!
This is the raddest thing I have seen in a while.  Also am now in love with this mom.
It would be rad to figure out how to allow the kid to do certain tricks and get this kind of thing in the special olympics
Now go snowboarding.
This video just made me shout out loud, "Fuck yeah mom!!" That's awesome.
r/humansbeingbros
This makes me happy
Uplifting and utterly awesome!!
I’m not crying, you’re crying.
Wholesome!
Is someone cutting onions?
That, everybody, is true love in action.
You're the best, mom
Genuinely smiling for the first time In a whilr
Mums rule
Genius
Kid lost the bet and got a shit disease but won the lottery and got an amazing parent.
What a kick ass mom!
This is amazing. Love it.
Yo, the happiness on that kids face just made me tear up at work. THANKS.
If I could upvote this twice I would.
There is some hope left in humanity..
Ok but whose shoes are those?
[removed]
How great is that?
HOPE IN HUMANITY RESTORED.
I'm not a 44 year old father of 4 crying at my desk during lunch hour, you are.
I'm not crying!
I shouldn’t have cut up all those onions before watching this video...
God, a Mothers love is so strong. My mom would have done the same thing. Sadly she passed recently. This video really hit home with me. I love it. The bond between a mother and son is unbreakable.
Hmmm.... one wonders. For a robotics company it would be feasable to create an automated version of this, perhaps even one that reacts on muscle movements.
Fucking yes. Theres nothing like the feeling of flying through ramps, and hearing those bearings spin. I'm glad he was able to experience this himself
This mom is amazing! I hope she knows it :)
I’m not crying you’re crying
r/wholesome
Mother of the year!!
Now that's pretty fucken RAD! 👍👍👍
Stupid onions
Moms are awesome
Mums are literally just the best
The smile is great. Wish there was sound so we could hear him laugh. Bet he has a great one.
That kids smile is everything
This is amazing and adorable but yo pick a sunnier day because mom those ramps are slippery without the water let alone after some rain. Extra mom points considering maybe now that I think about it. Balance skills way up
This is amazing. Did she build this contraption?
Get him on Braille Skateboarding!
What badass great, Mother. Made me smile.
This made my day 😃
This is heartwarming ❤️❤️
Vai Brasil
I held it together until I saw his little face when he turned round. Then I broke
God bless them both.  Please.
Aw man, I gotta call my mom.
Holy smokes I’m absolutely in love with this family.
Super cool mom!  I want audio to hear that laughter!

edit: Reddit never lets me down. https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/dljyl2/he_has_cerebral_palsy_and_wanted_to_skate_board/
That was legitness
Infinity / 10 mother
Fucking shit in my eyes making them water up... just give me a minute
Truly mother of the forever.
Everyone liked that
Not even gonna lie, that set up would help everyone the first time they try skateboarding.
MVM
Beautiful 🌺❤️❤️❤️
I’m 5 days off of herion and benzos. I take care of my elderly grandparents and was honestly just so over it when I got up today. 

You forget how blessed you are. The little things. That smile at the end warmed my cold heart.
Love this, best one in a while! That’s being an awesome Mom!!!
Love this, best one in a while! That’s being an awesome Mom!!!
Little r/nononoyes at that one edge tho...
Ah that smile is what I work for as a parent
Can you get a DUI at the skatepark?
Great mom, yes, but that harness and cage is pretty ingenious.
The love of mums! I’m not crying
Awwww the mom says in the end "You want more?! Look at what I just did!" And cracks up when she sees the kid's smile. 

Good job mom. You are cool.
Mother of the year!!
Not impressed until I see a kickflip off a rail.
This is so damn cool!
Why am I crying at work
Annnnd now I’m crying.
just what i needed. some wholesomeness
Helmet!!
I would push that kid around for a payment in smiles anyday.
His sweet face!!! 😍😍😍
Mother's love is, mother's love.
Oopf. Right in the feels
As a 30 year old childless human it never ceases to amaze me what parents go through/ do for their kids, it’s crazy.
Do a kick flip
I promised myself I wasn't gonna cry....😢😢😭😭
Now I’m wondering what would happen if he took that bad boy down of those huge x-games big air ramps
FUCK YEAH MOM!

Man, moms are the best
Sign me up
Parental goals.
Pure joy on his adorable face!! 20/10 mom 
So amazing!!!!
That’s the best smile I’ve seen in a while
Wow someone is cutting a very large bowl of onions in here
Smiling and crying at work. Thanks.
Winner
So dusty in here.
I absolutely love this, I love seeing the outward manifestation of a parents love!
Anyone got tips for holding back tears in a room full of your friends. I just acting like my allergies kicked in and pretended to sneeze. I'm running out of tricks.
I'm not crying. You're crying.
That mom is AWESOME! *Damnit who’s chopping onions?*
I am NOT crying. I'm not. 

Fuck it, yes I am, that's beautiful.
attack on titan
This is the kind of mom I hope to be.
That’s it for me. I’ll end my Reddit browsing on a high note today.
I love her
Fuck yeah mom. Skate life.
This is really sweet but some advice, don't skate in the rain. Your bearings can get waterlogged and the adhesive on your griptape can be degraded by the water
Anyone tense up near that edge?
Those bearings are toast
God save you, mom!
Really hope science can help this little guy one day. Glad to see he looks so happy right now.
This is the best, happiest, most wonderful thing I've seen in a long time.  I needed that.
 So cool!
Headass
Omg this is so awesome and sweet shout out to her for keeping her kiddo happy
I can outrun that on a skateboard!
AWESOMENESS!!! You rock Mom!!
Cute video, terrible disease, awesome mom.... but dang, the kid could pick a better hobby.
This is love ❤️
So beautiful, u go momma n the new Tony hawk😁😁👍👍
Amazing.
YES KIDDO! absolutely awesome!
the kid is having the time of his life.
Those fucking ninjas cutting onions again.
I’m perfectly healthy and my mom wouldn’t even play with me
This is awesome.
That's a good mom right there. Glad to see the kid so happy.
One more candidate for the Mom of The Year award
This is heartbreaking
Best thing I’ve seen all day ❤️❤️❤️
Ok but in theory this would make a great roll cage if it wasnt made with pvc 


Like id pay to get in something like this and do extreme shit
Impressive! Now do a flip
Omg this is so wholesome, im not crying.. you are crying
Wholesome af
My ma is not tech savvy, so when scrolling through reddit and I spot something grand, I can eventually share it with her. Then there are times that I make the time to go show her in person. This is one of those grand moments, brb.
What a fantastic mom, so much love
As an approaching middle aged man who's grown up skating since I was 7, this made me cry. And I don't cry easily.
I’m fucking bawling
Id still have fallen twice.  Kick ass
Man hes having a blast!!

Awesome!!
Beautiful moment.
Fuck yeah!!!
That child smile any bigger, he's gonna break his face!
This is the parent I aspire to be like one day.
Thank god theres no audio. Id be crying hearing the joy. What? Im not crying anyway. You're crying.
Do they sell these for people who are just very uncoordinated?
10/10 best mom
What a mom! A mother’s love!!
It's too wholesome.. can't. take.. anymore.. my heart
Fuck that hit me so hard.
Mom, you are the best ! There's a special place in heaven for Mamas like you.
Okay... that one got me pretty good in the feels.
People are gonna make memes outta this
This is the most wholesome thing I've ever seen
I would volunteer to do this all day for that smile. Kids... right in the feels.
So fucking cool.
Amazing, 10/10 this is how to parent.
Very cool. I want to hang out with this mom...she is awesome!
Seems like an awesome mom.
You cannot! Buy that kind of joy.
Mad props to mom.
This warms my heart
That's freakin badass! For both of them!
I am totally crying.
How wholesome
Mothering in 2040
Such a pure smile from both of them. More videos like this please.
Human being of the decade award
So cool! Mom of the year!
Shreddin' like a mad dog!

...did I say that right?
A mother's love 😍
This is amazing, my son Avery is autistic & seeing this just puts a huge smile on my face. Gives me hope.
Damn I'm tearing up in this pizza joint right now, the feels hit me like a tsunami. 100% kids need more shit like this, I kinda want to quit my day job and just design stuff like this to be affordable and subsidized by either big companies like Target/Walmart or the gov
This is so wholesome
Man, I have this weird speck of dirt or dust in my eye that I just can’t get out.  Should never have watched this at the office.
Look at the laugh, it's so beautiful.
now that's a real Mom, very lucky child!
Moms are amazing.
The kids smile just makes my day
Moms are the fucking best.
My heart 💓
Does anyone know the model of standing frame being used?
Fuck yeah that's awesome
That is a badass mom.
Greatest parent of all time... can we get this lady that award
What a mom
That warmed my cold, dead heart
From what I know about the skate community if some of the real pros knew about this they would probably love to get involved and do something with this kid.
That smile lol, made my day!
One day, way far in the future, we will have the technology to aid people like these so their condition can improve and they can skateboard on their own. Until then, people like this mother can do their best to make such a dream a reality for these people.
Someone needs to hit a 50/50 on that kids frame 🤙
Pretty sure you could recruit an army of redditors to help take turns pushing!
Eric Koston should come by and help him kick flip. 

DO A KICK FLIP!
That would be fun for anyone.
Moms are the fucking best
Not all heroes wear capes.
This is awesome!! As a father of a son with special needs, this just melts my damn heart.
That literally made a tear in my eye. Thank you for this video!
r/skateboarding
Needs more upvotes, this is the best thing on the internet today.
So sweet 🥺
This made my eyes water.
Wow that's really cool. I dknt have cerebral palsy but also would require that device to skateboard.
Oh man I would do anything for that kid's happiness
It’s super mom!
There have to be a few proskaters on Reddit that need to see this.
Anything is worth it to get a smile like that
Wife material right here. What a keeper.
THAT SMILE! THAT MOM! MY HEART!
Do a kickflip
I could do that
Do a kick flip
What is cerebral palsy?
Do a kickflip
Mother of the year.
That is a wonderful mom for putting that much effort into letting her child experience something he wouldn't normally be able to
That’s so precious
These are the type of women I respect whom will do anything to put a smile on their children’s face !!!
