Oh that gray old face. Such a lovely picture of life long friendship....
Always remember you may have many best friends in life, but your dog only has one!
Lost my 17 year old dog yesterday. Cherish the time you still have with your friend and give him/her a lot of pets from me

Edit: getting a lot of replies from people. I dont want to take anything away from the OP's post but i will be here if anyone wants to talk about the loss of their pet. It really helps to get stuff off your chest.
This is the stuff that fills and breaks my heart all at once.
Michael Reeves?
long ago, i was a pup n you were just a baby

the mom n dad - they loved you most! (...did they still love *me* - maybe?!)

the  years went by so fast, n  we became the best of bros

adventures shared, we both grew up, n so the story goes....

then one day you're a boy no more, n me i'm turning gray

but still, my Favorite friend of all - beside you i will stay

remember me forever, bro - i loved you from the start

n as you go along your way

please keep me

in your heart

❤️
Where’s the research on prolonging dog lifespans? Look at that face!
What a special picture this is! I love it❣️Is your best friend In good health? My 15-year-old Maltese named Sugar, will be weaned off her chemotherapy for splenic sarcoma next month. I feel so incredibly blessed to have more time with her‼️ Enjoy each day with your fur-baby to the fullest❣️
My heart
Man this is a great photo. I had to put my dog down today.... she was 18 years old. Was going through my photo album and saw many photos like the one you posted. This is a beautiful photo and you have a beautiful dog. Have a good one man.
For some reason I wasn’t able to see that the top photo was in a picture frame at first and thought I was peering inside of a purse lol
Oh puppy!
Viejo looks happy
This is heartwarming
Looks like the YouTuber Ralph The Movie Maker
It looks like the dog shrunk.
r/oldmandog
I love omg. My.eyes are welling up, my old lady died at the age of 13 2 years ago. Her companion still misses her and were still coping with it.
This is certainly aww worthy.  But I can only think about the inevitable heart break this kid will experience when his best bud passes away.
I had my cat from the time I was 8 until I was 25. Enjoy every second with them because they enjoy it with you. Great pic.
Oh my lord. The best friendship. this makes my heart hurt
The love between a boy and his dog is eternal.
The other day on Nat Geo they were airing a show about the ability to alter genes, and where asking some random scientists about what they wanted to accomplish with it. They wanted to extend human life, and none said "to make dogs match the lifespan of humans"
Give that sweetheart a hug & a kiss.
15? The man looks 30..
This is the purest thing I have seen, possibly ever.
I'm sorry to tell you this but you look like Ben Shapiro. I'm so sorry.
Makes me think of my old pup and how much i love him.
Aww! Look at that perfect frosty face!
Why did I think that were in a purse or backpack
I love that he’s roughly the same size
Most excellent
This is so sweet! Enjoy all the time you can with your buddy.
You stole his face color!
These are the pet photos that make me the happiest.
Whoa, your dog got smaller.
Treasure it. When its over it hurts so much.
He looks just like me and I’m kinda freaked out right now
Went from caramel chocolate to salt and pepper
I’m crying thanks
My nem is doge

An I am ole

But even still, I love this sole

He is my fren when I am ole

I am doge, my life is whole
This breaks my heart. They deserve longer lives.
Awww, how sweet.. The little dogs muzzle has turned Gray, but, his eyes are still bright!!  What a sweet picture!  ❤
why did the dog become smaller ?
This is amazing
We don’t deserve dogs.
They may be a part of your life but you are all of theirs
Did the dog shrink?
not to mention thats one happy long lived dog
This is my nephew. He doesnt have use reddit. Someone stole his picture. Just sayin!
I'm such a sucker for old puppies
I want this for my daughter and our dog soooo bad. She was 2 1/2 when we got him and I hope he makes it through high school for her.
My eyes just watered.
So sweet
One of you aged well.
Well that is just precious!
Poor guy doesn't look like it can see anymore
Heart aches. It’s been five months since my best friend went to heaven.

Edit: took out 6 periods in the sentence.
What s lovely little woopie dooopie jur so cute, oh and the dogs ok I guess
I read five years later and was very confused
Your doggo got smaller.
Cute pup
Beautiful old soul.
Did your dog shrink? (Obviously the kid got bigger but the dog looks smaller regardless)
You look like Julian Smiths, OP
I love this! They are the best friends we could ever have! I lost my 18 year old cat recently and I feel like a huge part of me is missing now.
This makes me kinda depressed. I'm 14 and lost my dog in may. He was 13, almost 14, like I was at the time. He has been with me since I was literally born. He was as young as me, and it hurts me that my parents went to work and forced me and my sibling to go to school instead of cherishing his last moments with the family he was apart of
Take pictures and enjoy your days together! Sucks to acknowledge but we only live so long.
That's one old dog
How old is your dog
Every single one of my dads dogs was hit by a train, except his first that he had to put down, I was alive for sweets to get hit and now we have. A 10yo dog who we wont let the same thing happen to
Reminds me of my bear bear. Was about 7 when we had to put him down. Ugh.
I can't help but notice the username. Would his name be Flash by chance?
I thought this might be tear-free Monday but oh no, what a nice couple of pictures, and that old grey face just does it for me.

Dogs really are the greatest, i hope mine can live this long, you two are awesome.
He got gray hair lol
That’s Beautiful.  You have a rich life! ✌🏼🌎
Please give your pupper a pat on the head for me.
Ohh!such a good photo best friends forever!
Love the sugar face!
r/legitaww
Very sweet! The baby I nanny loves her puppy and I hope they can grow together.
And all these years and you are still not in preschool
The protector has become the protected!
Sweet sweet boy!!!!! (talking about your dog, though I'm sure you're great as well). Also I'm 31 year old Male and this is how dogs make me (yes I talk to my little guy like this). Favourite things to call my dog are:

Babe

Sweetheart

My sweet boy
Ok now this is something I can promote👍!
Oh my gosh I'm crying
This is so cuteeeee
My old boi is 14 now and his face is all white too
Awww
I lost my childhood dog at 18. I miss her so much, but I like to think she moved on because she knew I didn't need her to watch over me anymore.
I have 3 two year old dogs (2 labs & a border beagle). Sometimes I think that was a poor decision, if they would happen to all go around the same time.... They are such a huge part of our me and my families life.
❤️
Your best friend is older then you
Me but my dog died like last week
Dogs are the best
Trading places.
Maximum wholesome
That is very wholesome
Hi, guys. I lost my puppy 8 days ago. He was just 1 year old. And it hurts so much. He was my best friend and best part of me. I can’t go through this. I wanna die to be with him. I don’t know what to do
I’m not cutting onions.
You are.
"Excuse me?  I was two years older than him?  This is bullshit."
That’s the best kind of friend.
I recently lost the dog I grew up with, and this really warms my heart
You look like h3h3
Dogs are beautiful. Humans suck.
Holy shit I got the same sheets and pillowcases as him
awwwwwwwwwww
[deleted]
I love this so much. Look at his beautiful old face.
Reminds me of my first dog. He lived for 22 years and he was like my brother
I with the good boy a happy rest of his life
Are you Micheal Reeves dang
cool picture
They are a small part of our lives when you consider it in years, but we are there entire life! Beautiful picture champ!
Best friends for life!
Oh god. My heart exploded!
😢
:}
That dog is like 120 in dog years
Fuck me, my dog just died a little while ago. He made it 18 years, he had to be put down due to teeth decay. The t was causing him severe pain, but he was to old to put to sleep to have them pull his teeth. Hug your pups close, and remember to brush their teeth.
This is truly a beautiful thing.
My baby girl is 15 and I lve had her since I was 4 years old. I cant imagine life without here. Nothing will be able to prepare me for when the time comes. Every night I give her hugs and kisses and belly rubs. I cant bear to think that one day I wont be able to anymore.
Wow that dog shrank many sizes
❤️
Well this is the most adorable thing I've seen in a long while.
bro are you ben shapiro
This reminds me of our golden retriever, gabby, that was literally born the day before me. She survived so much and was the most amazing ditz. Lost her when we were 11. RIP to the best girl.
The person in that picture looks almost EXACTLY like my brother, but we never had a dog like that. Is that you or someone you know, OP?
I thought it was a bear.
Nice to see dogs living such long, seemingly healthy, lives.
This is all I needed to make my day better. Bless the doggos for being such loyal pets
My dog looks like this now... :(
How old are you? 12?
The dog really got small
I’m pretty confident that that dog hasn’t grown.
Wow, over those years your dog got much smaller! 😀
That's an awesome picture friend!
I just watched the film Hachi a few days ago and I can't tell you how hard this reddit thread hits me in the feels.
Ouch, my heart.
dude you look like me
Lost mine 2 years ago, still hurts...

Sometimes I dream about her, and I have this feeling of: "you have came back! Are you really here? But you..." then in the dream I realize it will not be long because she is gone


It is sad, but I like to see her again in my dreams.

Love you Kika
That top picture looks exactly like my dog, it's freaking me out! O:
McNulty Jr
Hey... he stole that baby's dog!
That dog wants to die. He's Like "fk everything hurts, I can't see and I just need to sleep forever now."
I feel like I’ve never seen dogs like these as a puppy
Had a pet dog that grew up with me aswell but he's passed now, his name was chubby and I love him ;-;
Honey, I shrunk the dog.
Ethan Klein???
How old is your dog?  I’m just thinking that, if your dog is say 15-16 yes old, and you look like a newborn in that photo, did your parents decide to get a puppy when you were in the womb-1 year old? Bold choice, two new responsibilities at once.
You are so lucky, wish my toby lived over 15.
I hope this will be my daughter and our Dutch shepherd when they are older! They already love each other so much
Literally created an account to say that is a picture of my nephew. He doesn't have a reddit account...
I HAVE THOSE SHEETS! 

but I’m 28

Edit-

I HAVE THAT RED PILLOW AND SAME PILLOW CASE!
Very cool! I was lucky enough to meet my fiance's wiener dog, Julie. She was a sweet pup.
Man this hurts now. Tonight I’m going to see my Aunt’s dog, Ollie (who is 15), that I would see every other week. I’ve known him all my life, and it’s hard to accept your friends must go to another place, wherever that might be.
So cute and wholesome!
Awww beautiful grey cheeks
Soooo sweet!!!0
Ome day that pupper is gonna look up at that boy and be all "he's gonna be just fine". Then in that sad disney moment... he'll curl up all content and be on his way...

And dammit, I made myself cry. 😭😭😭😭
They  are infant's/boy's/ man's  best friend.
Looks forced to me....
His face is so cute and it’s adorable how he’s gray now. Besties for life.
10/10 very good boi/girl
OMG <3
What kind of dog is that?
Heartwarming af.  I wish you eternal happiness.
Ah, I see, a Smokey and the bandit fan!
You kinda look like Finn Jones.
Love this picture and your user name.

This is so sweet.
Anyone have an idea of who this is? My friend looks exactly like him!
The dog is like "whatever happen to that stinky little baby I had to lick and cuddle to keep quite?"
Sooo awww!
Has schnoodle been here yet?
ol greybeard!
Awww good doggo!
OMG I love this so much! You both are adorable!
He aged so well!! I meant the doggie 🥳
Companionship through the years. Beautiful set of memories.
I love this so much!! Thanks for sharing.
Awwww I haven’t seen anything so lovely for a while. True love. All her life. I am sure she loves you more than anything or anyone else.
He is spawn now
Howd you shrink the dog?
thats so cool! thanks for sharing.
I think we have twin dogs. o_o
you kinda look like ralph form ralphthemoviemaker youtube.com/ralphthemoviemaker
Mad to think that that fella watched you grow to the person you are...I've often wonder if dogs feel a sense of pride, at what you've become.
Wow, he doesn't looks one day older! The dog looks cute too.
This makes me so sad/happy. When I was a freshman in high school, my horse died (we had 5, and I loved and missed Coco). My parents took me to a ranch to ride a potential horse, which I didn’t like much. Before we left they told us they had a new litter of Aussie/border puppies and would sell one for cheap. There were only three left, one a CHONK, one super scared, and then my boy, Griz. 

He was such a little bro, and made so many little bear noises, hence his name. I love that dog, he would take my wrestling and roughhousing in stride. We were best friends. 

Then my parents divorced. I went with my mom to an apartment and my dad moved in with his girlfriend and later wife 2.5 hours away. Griz and his older Aussie sister, Emmie, moved with my dad there. They lived on 10 acres bordering the interstate. 

One day my dad looked out the window and saw Griz crawling with his front paws up the field . His spine was shattered and both legs had compound fractures from getting hit by a car at 80. Knowing he was suffering, my dad put him down in the field right there. 

Griz had dug under the fence my dad sunk so that wouldn’t happen. 

I have a wonderful 3 year old Aussie named Yukon who is beautiful and amazing, though sometimes I almost wonder if he has traits of Griz. Anyone who has seen the movie “a dogs life” can see what I mean. I don’t know specifically, but sometimes when he exhibits behavior like Griz, I wonder and say his name. 

Stupid I know, but I miss him!
That’s amazing, that was a pretty old dog in the first photo.
Just eat my life
I legit thought that was a picture of me for a second.
Virdict's in: Everybody liked that.
Why you gotta make people cry?
awe this dog looks like my zigs. such a sweet girl
Awww hims an old guy hes so cute!! Thats adorable
Upvoted for awww and not pit bull
That's precious. Frame that pic!
Zac Efron?
Great photo. That's one handsome/pretty dog, and I don't fawn over Reddit dogs, unlike *these* people.
God I love this
Ralphthemoviemaker?
Aww!!!
Had a dog from when I was born until the day before my 19th birthday. Was a very hard time in my life having to put her down that's for sure.
That white face!
Oh my! 🥰🥺❤
Yo your dog got hella small as she aged
Buppy boi
I thought that was a demon person in the first picture on first glance, scared me lmao
This is beautiful ❤
Fake out!! I'm so used to the dogs ballooning in size in these pics, and expected that here. Nice trope inversion.
I just teared up looking at these photos. I lost my best friend back in April and I'm still grieving.
Hi
What kind of dog is this? She looks almost exactly like my dog, who is a dachshund/papillon mix.
Baby... love it. My golden is fourteen now.
Can't imagine the sadness of his doggo dying after being with him since birth
r/13or30
Looking at this makes me sad.... I lost my pup after 17 years... It was hard.. I miss him
what a conversion
So sweet, cherish every moment you get with your pets! They love you unconditionally and nothing can ever change that so you should love them the same back. The fact i might never get the chance to see my boy in his proper years is killing me right now, you're a lucky boy!
I’m not crying
Are you from Texas?
Thats awesome!! The love we/dogs have for another cannot be put into words... The bond is unbreakable
I'm like 99% sure that's my best friend
I grew up with a cockapoo that was a year older than me... tromped the fields and chased the rabbits and caught frogs in ditches for 15 years. A million stories, a million walks, and she still wags her tail in my heart to this day.

Old dogs never die... you must remember.
If only mine was alive after 13 years 🥺
Fuquing me up😢
Another dogo life quest complete. 

Well done dogo. Well done.
You make sure to show that doggo how much you care for them, especially in those older years. You will never regret giving your old dog too much attention.

And what a wonderful, wonderful photo. Thanks for this!
This is awesome! Nothing like a bond of a human and a dog. Here take a silver!
I like how this time you're the one looking over the camera
Treasure every day you have left with them at that age man, I just lost my childhood dog in September, 15 years of being my best friend, I was ready and prepped and made the most of it but I'd give so much to see my buddy one more time and tell her she's a good girl
That’s so cute!
good
I want a dog so bad rn
Looks like a dachshund? Regardless very cute.
Where’s the binkie though
❤️❤️❤️
My brothers dog is the brown version of your dog! Literally! She’s adopted! Do you know what kind of doggie it is?
this guy looks identical to me op message me i’ll prove it
This is do cute
I love this so much!
#doggoals
My Grandpa gave me a puppy when I was 6 months old.  She lived to be 17. What a wonderful picture. Truly a baby,boy,man's best friend.
Such a sweet picture!
Buds forever
This remind me of my rabbit, his name is Aron. He's a silly boy. He like to bite my toe. Miss him...
Give that dog a giant hug for me <3
Grande Saverio Tommasi!
Reminds me of a beautiful poem ... https://i.imgur.com/46sLBUk.jpg https://i.imgur.com/iYdmJOw.jpg
That, sincerely, might be one of the cutest photos I've seen. Thank you.
Sweet picture. Happy you two are still best friends!
Where's your binky
First picture

Dog: Are we really keeping him?

Second picture:

Dog: I’m glad we kept you.
This is an unexpectedly emotional picture. Makes me think of all my past friends.
Not even the same dog. The second one is much smaller.
Awwwwwwwww so beautiful
Wow what breed is this?
Barry Norman Goldberg
Awww, sweat doggo looks really tired. 

What a good long-live friend. 😔🙂
I didn't know Michael Reeves was 15.
Is that dog Benjamin Button or what?
Oh my heart!
Exact same story. I’m 14, my doggo is 15.
If you think about it even though they are only there for part of your life, you are there for their entire one.
**Happy Keanu Reeves noises**
That is so adorable!!!
How did the dog get younger?
And still going strong ;)
Frosty face!!
Honestly thought your dog shrunk.
Why does that human look like my cousin tho
Beautiful
Doge is in her golden years now :(
I think this is such a great pic. Dogs are the true MVP's of families everywhere.
Your beautiful dog has a cataract.
Only one word... awesome.

Well two words... fucking beautiful
What beautiful love you two share❤️
Bruh ur dog can live so Long how?
Awww!! 😭❤
That's really somthin' else!
I will always say: we will never deserve dogs but are eternally grateful to have them.
Top dog looks like baby smily dog lmao
We had to lay my 18 year old poodle to rest this year. She randomly got seizures out of the blue that slowly took away her mobility. She was the best pupper.
This...does puts a smile on my face
how did he grow from  0 to 13 in 5 years? what do you feed him?
Warms my lil heart
That dog is waiting to die
Danny rand the immortal iron fist defender of kun lun???!?
😭😭😭
I absolutely love this.
Awww my eyes are teary
Lots of wisdom in those eyes
Am I the only one that thinks he kinda looks like Ben Shapiro?
Dog = aww
You = naw
My god, the friendship of a dog is unpayable
Adorable!!!
I hope that dog lives forever.
Holy moly
u/repostsleuthbot
Ok imma say it he looks like Ted bundy
Rip
Her face is like my god did this little puppy grow
❤❤❤❤❤
He's all grey now
r/13or30
Awwww friends!!! Cute!
Love this
Very cute
OHMYGOODLORD
This pic .. make my day .. Missing my pet V●ᴥ●V
Oh my god, in the first pic I thought you two were in a dryer. 

Then I got a closer look and realized I’m an idiot. Too cute. Bff’s until the end.
Dang, this reminds me of my best bud. He got hit by a car when he was 3, I held him in my arms as he died while my mom drove to the vet. Still makes me mad I couldn’t do anything to save him. The vet said my pup died when we pulled up to the vet. Worst day I ever had to go through and it was 2 weeks before Christmas
I hope it's the same dog, had the strangest thought as soon as I looked at the pictures. It's maybe the colour throwing me off.

  


Whatever the case is we all love your dog. Yay
Sometimes I hate everything. And then I see this.
15 years or 37 years. 

I finally get to link this. r/13or30
amazing:)
Awww
Soooo sweet.... Pals forever....
R to ttxtrxtzx
You guys are making me cry!!!
Your dog shrunk
Who changed more, the man or the dog?
Hobo Johnson?
You kinda look like Barry Goldberg from The Goldberg’s, but this is adorable, I love recreations of pictures.
you look like michael reeves
He's/she's so beautiful. Old gal/boi aged very gracefully
This subreddit made me realize that older dogs get white fur on their face.. I'm ashamed to say I never realized this.  And yes, I was never allowed any pets due to my mom being terrified of any kind of animal :(
where is his baby-nip?
Can’t tell which one is cuter.
You look waaaaay older
From that angle you look a bit like tom holland
I love this it’s wholesome it reminds me of one first song she was old when I was born and I miss her so much now
He look lik he gonna die soon tho
Why does this look like michael reeves when he is sweet.
Aww, thats adorable
thought this was michael reeves for a sec
Read the Bible guys.  You don't need a preacher to interpret, God bless the beasts and the children.  I'm certain my dogs and cats of days gone by are playing with my sister and my dad.
Killin me!
I wish I had a first photo with my childhood pup. She passed when I was 19 and she was 17. I miss her a lot, she was my best friend for all those years.
I feel like a binky would be a good finishing touch
Ideally I’d want a big dog who lived to 50. But I guess I hear what you guys are saying. Also, Joe Rogan is wack for letting absolute nutters come and shill their snake oil on his show. The absolute respect he radiates for some of these people put me off the podcast a while back.
Awe
I wish I could give you some awards, I just don't have any coins.... how sad....
[removed]
I'm assuming you were months old or a 1 year old, in either case you look 25 not 15 lol
My eyes are getting all teared up :,) :,(((
[deleted]
This just isn't perfect without a dummy (=a soother) in the boy's mouth
[removed]
Not for long
I literally screamed when you blew up translucent
I lost my pup 2 years ago she was a 10 year old Jack Russell and lived at my grandparents house because of my dad’s allergies we only realised he had after 3 years of keeping her and a Doberman. But I grew up with them we tried to go down every week to see them and then one day she had two heart attacks and had to be put down. I was only there in time to see her being buried. I miss you pup and I will for everyday I have to wait until I will see you again <3
What type of dog is this ?
[deleted]
It’s probably a different dog
That dog is blind as shit
Dang the dog aged better than you.
I'm sorry but the dog below looks like its stuffed.
Animals are more than pets they're fur babies
Put him down before he gets to the miserable part of life!!!
You were just a pup

Couln't even walk

Then you learned how to crawl

How to bark

Very soon you learned how to walk

How to run

You got a ball as a gift

Good memories

I chewed your shoes

You just hugged me

Belly rubs this day

Walk to the park the next


Then you went to school

I got less belly rubs

You got a girlfriend

Even less

I stayed by your side all this time


I can't catch those balls anymore

Frisbee is faster 

As much as I want to run

My running days are done

I know you love me

Cus i love you 

A lot

A lot

A lot

Bark

Bark


OP: mom (doggo'd name) is barking a lot

See you kid. I love you.

Bark
Bark

♥️
That is so sweet!  What a beautiful old pupper.  I'm about to get downvoted for this part, but what is it about this type of kids "look" that seems annoying?  People with this kind of noses and mouse like features...ugh...I'm sorry, he may be a good person but I think there is some genetic thing tied to looks and the way people like this act like absolute barnacles.
It’s going to be tuff to seem the dog go tho, I would advise getting another dog or animal to fill that void. Dogs are special and I really wish they lived longer
[deleted]
He gonna die
*downs syndrome intensifies*
That dog is going to fucking die, why give a fuck about it anyway?
Enjoy the time with them.  You're about to get your heart ripped out.
Not for much longer.
[removed]
