I love Old Man Scooter
That cat has seen some shit.
I imagine Scooter doesn’t meow like a cat. 

Instead, I hear James Earl Jones actually saying “Meow.”
Scooter has a side quest for you.
Omg he looks like he just got home from a two day rave
that cat so old he got a full white beard
Was he a kitten when you found him?
He is adorably handsome, but also like he’d be super legit about diy home improvements. I’d ask him how to build a shed.
19 years later he is still look like a stray cat
Old kitties are the bomb. Have you ever thought of installing a Ring or Blink-like device with parents permission at his usual hangout(s)? You’d get to see him and he’d get to hear you. I have a 16yo beagle at my parents that I’ve been thinking about doing that for. The time we have with our pets is too short. :(
Scooter looks like he’s been in a scrap or two... or 40
I love that you found him, and your parents kept him. They must have grown really attached to this guy.
Aw what a handsome elder
/r/seniorkitties would sure appreciate this. He looks like the old grandpa cat from [The Rescuers](https://youtu.be/IM4V2bf4DfM)
Squanch!
This cat is 54.
A genuine house tiger.
He's like Chester Cheetah in the flesh.
Scruffy Boi
We think he was probably about 1.
His fur is looking a little ruffled. Since he is old, he may be having a hard time keeping himself clean. Try getting a damp cloth and spending time wiping him! The cloth should be just a normal face cloth or kitchen towel, hopefully it will be some what similar to a cat's tongue so he knows you are grooming him.
Aww man scooter got some pout
What a nice old man.
Legendary companion animal
Cats have a very difficult time digesting cows milk. I don’t recommend it especially to an old feller.
I think I saw Scooter on my tv talking about diabeetus.
Looks like Scooter needs a cigarette and a tall glass of malt liquor
He looks like a cat version of frank from shameless.
I have two cats age 20 and they look just like this. Scruffy, unkempt, skinny.. but my god they teleport into my lap as soon as I sit down.

Stay comfy, Scooter.
He's a handsome devil
What a sweet
Stately Gentleman
That's the look of a cat that's lived a good long life.
Hang in there old man...looking good for 19 (give or take).
Wow, that's a handsome little man
I want him to tell me a story about his glory days
Ron Perlman lookin' a little rough there.
That kitty right there is a real life puss in boots.
Almost /r/ronperlmancats
Aw this is so awesome. I just want to share a story about my sisters dog Sarah. Sarah was a medium sized dod, black long hair, very smart and kind. Her and another dog were walking down the street no collars or anything and we got both of them to our backyards. (Keep in mind this is like 20 years ago so it would have been hard for us to find owners)... my sis was like 14 at the time... we only could keep 1 and she choose Sarah. Sarah was there when my grandpa passed away in 2002. She was there in 2006 when my dad passed. She was there when my aunt (who was like a mom to us) passed in 2014. She had that dog 19+ years at least and was around for SO MUCH shit, good and bad... and she got sick and had to be put down. It sucks she never had kids (can dogs be lesbians? cause she never let the male dogs hump her she would hump them. She was theOG of the dogs, even her husbands blue pit was scared of her haha.
Scooter looks like this dude at the diner I frequent. All knowing, all kinds of opinions, but always there for a good laugh.
Stop judging me Scooter.
I think he likes your visits.
I think he’s the Lorax.
He is a beautiful old-timer.

  My family buried my sweet baby last night and I already miss him so much. Thinking back on so many moments I could have loved him more. He was only six. Let them know they’re precious and cherish your time together.
Catch-a-RIIIIIIIDE!!!!!
Wise old man. Congrats
Granpappy Scooter
What a handsome old man 😍 give him pets for us.
HE HAS A GRANDPA BEARD
Scooter, the gangster version of Garfield
He has a beard
Scooter may not look it, but he’s absolutely thankful for the lovely life you’ve given, and continue to, give him.
I got my boy when I was 17. I'm almost 30 and he unfortunately has liver cancer. I'm preparing to let him go physically, but man do I wish he could stay for the next decade of my life.
I feel like he has wares if I have coin...
So Willem Dafoe is your cat?
He has seen THINGS.
I imagine him as an older Jack Nicholson saying “What the hell do you want?”.
Scooter looks like he he spent quit a few years heavily addicted to cat nip and has never really gotten himself totally back together..
Scooter has seen shit - and I want to hear it all out
Aww he’s adorable! Hi Scooter!
I don't know where I saw it but I read that milk was actually not good for cats something about when they get older they become kind of lactose intolerant.
Looking scrappy there scoots 🤗
Awwww
Scooter looks to be very wise.
Scooter looks like he's seen some shit. Respect.
For it is I, the Puss In Boots!
Scooter: The Handsomest of Men
Scooter’s seen some shit.
Dude has seen some shit
he wants you to stay.
He looks like walter from breaking bad...
JFC that cat is around 20 years old!
Aww, i just want to hug him. :)
this gives me hope that my cat will live for a very very very long time with me.
That cat looks like he's about to say whippersnapper.
Ah, the ole' I adopted a pet for a few years and then gave them to my parents. This happened many times in our family.
Similar situation to my Lester. Got him when I was 10 he died when I was 27. I always reserved just a little part of my excitement to come home solely for spending time and seeing him. 

Here's a pic of him :) https://imgur.com/a/PWZVvyj
Scoots looks like he has seen some serious shit.
Scooter is tired of this shit and wants some scratches... Now.
He's so handsome!
He’s an angel!!
Ever consider taking him with you?
Scooter has wares, if you have coin...
What do you mean "you check to make sure he's still there." Is he hiding in the closet without your parents knowledge?
Scooter looks like he "don't take no shit from anybody"!  Lol
"Hello, old friend.  Let me tell you of the adventures you've missed..."
"The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting."
-Scooter
Must be something in the name. My cat Scooter is also 19.
He even has an old man ‘stache.
Scooter had a good day the day he ran into you.
Not to be dramatic but I would die for Scooter.
Scooter is a fine gentleman!
I like how it looks like he has a beard
That cat is older than you were when you saved him
Why do I feel that if this cat could talk it would have Samuel Jackson's voice from Pulp Fiction?
Proper teen, „I found a cat, take care of it for the next 20 plus years parents! Bye!„ hahaha :D
that cat looks old as shit
Fuck me he looks like a battle axe, that cat has seen some shit.

He deserves a viking burial.
Scooters seen some sh*t
Scooter looks grumpy but I think he's actually super happy
On my behalf please tell old man scooter that I said hi when u visit him the next time
I have so much fucking love for this animal.
Scooter looks like a Khajiit that got transported to this world and morphed to fit our lack of magic.

He's quite handsome for an old man.

He may have a few good years left, as well. I had a cat that lived 29 years.
Looks like an old mage in rpg that you need to take his wisdom before you proceed to the dungeon.
My 16 year old siamese cat died last year...still not over it.  This got me in my feelings
“I’ve learned to live with these people. It wasn’t easy, but I learned to do it.
He looks like he has seen a few things.
Scooter has seen some things, respect.
bro dont u think he has a little... murderous look?😂
squanchy?
He looks like a well loved old plushy and I love it. Blessings to your buddy!
He's seen some shit as a kitten it looks like but he seems to not give a f*ck
This is clearly the goodest boy.
I think your cat might be a wizard.
Aww poor buddy.  He's looking a little worse for wear.
Scooter looks like he seen some shit.
Gentle old man kitty, he looks like he's purring 😊
Scooter's seen some sh*t
He looks like his meows go "brefff"
Why does scooter look like he should be telling kids to get off of his lawn?
he looks like he has a beard
I love hus old man face
Soooo cute! It looks like he's seen some 'things' though!
How old is scooter? Did you find him full grown? Or as a kitty.
Ooooo.  Sweet little old man!  Is live to give him a gentle chin scritchy-scratch
He looks like Leonardo DiCaprio.
Beard game strong
Cat looks unhappy lol
Scooter does NOT want to be met!
He looks like he used to fight crime.
looking at his face, that cat continues to live out pure spite
He's beautiful. I hope my girls can get that old and dignified
Scooter looks like he's tired of your shit
Blessed old man
Awe sweet scooter. I brought home a stray cat that looked like this guy when I was a kid & he was must have been someone's pet that they let go because he was declawed so he hunted and killed with his mouth. He used to catch birds & hold them down & headbutt them🤣 the 4 neighbors on my parents block used to take turns bringing him in over the winter and my one neighbor dedicated their whole enclosed porch to him❤️ he just passed away this year. RIP Rif Raff.
https://i.imgur.com/3UTDaCE.jpg
I like his beard.
It’s always good to see cats with stories like this end up living long/full lives
What a handsome man
Sweet scoots
This cat looks like he’s so done with everyone’s shit
That cat has seen some shit
Cat-ch a ride?
I can almost hear old man Scooter asking me to *catch a ride*.
“I speak for the trees”



And they say MORE MILK!
Scooter once spent a year in silence just to better understand a whisper.
He obviously looks old and weathered, but my gosh his eyes are crystal clear. Incredible Scooter!
An old yet wise cat
Can you please scritch his beard for me? He's beautiful! We've a 19 year old kitty too.
I can't un-see his goatee.
Scooter has stories to tell.
Cat looks more human than most of my family
Pets should be immortal.
This picture made me cry. He’s a sweet boy :-)
He even looks like he wants everyone off his lawn.
Scruffy, the janitor.
The look on his face is grateful contempt I’m sure of it. He’s happy you gave him a loving home but angry he is not worshipped like a deity as his ancestors were.
TMI
He looks like he has the soul of a seasoned war vet
NO WAY! There was a stray cat in my neighborhood ever since I was 17, my mom adopted it, and I have since re-adopted him from my mom, I am now 31. His name is Scooter, and he is orange.
My heart has the feels for this handsome man. He's adorable! ♥️😻♥️
If Kristofer Hivju was a cat he would look like this.
Scooter looks badass
Scooter is ragged af. It's hilarious I love scoots ma boots
Scooter is a good boy!
I would die for scooter
I don’t understand Redditors obsession with pets that have one foot in the grave. Pics like this are just depressing. The cat doesn’t look happy or like he has a good quality of life.
Wow! My childhood cat was also an orange guy named Scooter! We always called him Scooty ❤️ Thanks for reminding me of him!!
 A very wise cat at this age giving and getting big loves
My step dad brought home an orange kitten when he was about the same age. That kitty's name was also Scooter!
Aging with grace vs aging honestly. +1 for Old Man Scooter.
Scooter looks like he has *seen some shit*.
This dude looks like a ginger wizard
Mr Brimley has to talk to us about diebeetus.
Precious.
He looks like my English teacher
r/ronperlmancats
Long live Scooter
Boy I got my cat when I was 3. Turning 19 tomorrow now. Hope he still has a lot of life in him. Starting to not jump as high but that’s ok :). Still mine.
Take him with you!!!
I would die for Scooter. But I know he wouldn't want that of me.
He looks like an absolute prick
"I wore an onion on my collar which was the style at the time..."
CATCH A RIIIIIIIIIIIDE
scooter sick of your shit
My cat at my mom's is 10/11 and I feel guilty if I don't go home more often if only to love him up, and she's only half this guy's age. Scooter is such a stud.
I want to clarify that my upvote is an upvote for scooter
He looks like he is a about to give you a sword and ask you to embark on a long, life changing, quest.
That is one wide cat.
Why don't you keep him at your place?
Does this cat have a BEARD
That is one wise cat.
This cat lived 19 extra years all in comfort instead of on the street or killed or diseased all because you are a good bloke. Well done.
Scruffy ol Scooter
Cali was MY first fur baby, in that I begged my mother for 2 years to let me get a cat and when she finally agreed she was completely my responsibility. I was 12 and I had to save up chore money for her first bag of food and litter, litter box and I was the one responsible for training her and cleaning her box. Now dont get this wrong, my mother loves her, calls cali her first "grandkitty" lol. I am now 28 and she is 16yrs old, in perfect health and although I have another kitty, Cleo, who is 6 and an almost 2 year old puppet whom are all my world, Cali holds a special place inside my heart, for not only was she my first baby (dont have human children lol) but she saw me through some of the toughest times of my life.
O L D   S P O R T
Scooter looks like he’s seen some shit
What a sweet face! He knows he's loved.
But why didnt you take him with you...
Looks like a very wise cat
I'm in love with Scottie boi.
This cat must sound like Liam neeson
Scooter looks like he never gave up that street life.
He looks just as grumpy as I aspire to become in my golden age: snarky and ready to throw rocks at annoying kids and happy young couples. #lifegoals
Old Deuteronomy...
"Why'd you leave hooman?"
👋🛴
He's the wizened old cat you see in the cartoons who has seen some things.
I buy weed off of Scooter.
Scooter looks like the kind of old timer who brings up “The Great Alley War of 2000” and how OP rescued him
I hope you give him the same look he gives you “you’re still here huh?”
Only 90s cats would know this
I love Scooter!
Aww😭😍
Cat Offerman
I feel like he's about to give me a quest, and that I couldn't possibly turn him down. The fate of Meowdle Earth is at stake.
Grizzled old guy. Hang in there Scooter.
So you abandoned Scooter?
Wow, a 53 year old cat
He looks like he could use a solid meal or two
He looks like he’s a boss
Classic 17 year old. “Hey parents look at this stray I found! We’re gonna keep it I named it _______!” 18 years later: “that’s my cat”
Come on man, the bowl is empty!  Where's the love
Now I’m picturing a real life old man with the name Scooter. Not near as precious

Also Ron Perlman cat
Love his moustache
He's Got Stories. Thanks so much for posting, this old guy warmed my heart.
He is so cute
I just saw [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/dltzf9/youll_never_believe_this_when_i_was_17_a_stray/) and got really confused until I realised they’re different cats... but both called Scooter and adopted when the OP was 17
Awe-f*ing-some!
"That's not happy to see me!"
Looks like a cat version of Seymour from Futurama.
🥺🥺🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤WHAT A PRECIOUS BOY😍😍😍😩😩🤗🤗🖤🖤🖤🖤
Wise old man

Tell us the secrets to a long life.
Looks hella wise.
I love Scooter so much
I dunno why but I always have extra love for cats with big cheeks
he hasnt shaved for years
My cat Louie just passed away at 19 and Scooter reminds me of him a lot.  Louie had the exact same hair color as Scooter and frequently had that same grumpy old cat expression. I wish the best to you and Scooter and hope you share many more long years with him.
Scooter keeps on scootin mmkayyyy!
It looks like he caught one too many rides
He’s ggrrrrrrrrrrrrreat!
OMG he looks exactly like Rufus from The Rescuers!
I have a similar story. Stray cat showed up on our doorstep one night during a storm while I was home alone. I let here in and gave her some milk and she just never left after that. She eventually had kittens which we have away to local families. She's about 18 now but still ok. We never named her though, tried to a couple of time but nothing ever stuck so we just call her "the Cat"
Good ol boy.
Scoots Magoots is toots cutes!
Such a distinguished old gentleman. He looks like he would tell you life advice in a calm, soothing drawl
he looks pisssed
So wise
Long live scooter
Love his mustache.
Looks like willem dafoe
Scooter is hargard as fuck
The wisdom in his eyes penetrate my soul like a laser dagger of fire.
He looks quite frumpled
Make sure you always give him a hug before you go. You never know when it’s your last. I remember mine with my last kitty :(
CATCH A RIIIIIIIIIIIDE!!!
That look ;)
Kind of looks like Charles Bukowski.
Scooter's seen some shit.
Doesn't look a day over 175!
I feel like he can sell me wares for my travels.
Awl old boy! I had one that lived to be 18. His name was Termit. May the rest of his days be full naps, treats, love and watching out the window.
Scooter looks like he’s a bit bony.
Diabeetus
Scooter looks like he bit the grim reaper. He doesn't ask for life extensions, he writes and signs them himself.
Majestic af. His body may be showing age but his eyes say "never forget that I'm in charge here, human" like a cat one-fourth his age.
This really made me smile, like in my core. I've had a few good feline friends that have gotten old and taken their last cat nap and it reminded me of them, like some forgotten memories. Thanks.
I didn't know Ron Perlman was a cat but okay
"I am the Lorax. I speak for the treeeeeeees..."
He looks like a drug lord!
I imagine him with the voice of Joe from family guy and he starts talking about how he has a quest for you to fill his bowl with milk.
What a handsome man! ^_^
Your cat looks like my cat will in 4-8 years
He is spectacular!
The eyes of gratitude. Good on you!
if this doesnt become a meme I dont know what I'll do
Seems another grumpy cat
David Cattenborough
his age shows. what a sweetheart!
He’s got an old cat man face, I love him already
I’m allergic to cats... Yet I stan.
Plot twist: they keep buying you more cats
Old man scooter. Much love and treats ya adorable lil geezer
Awwww... ♡♡♡
Old man cat
Don’t know why but people’s cat stories never make me feel any type of way, but this specific one resonated with me for some reason.
Looks kinda good for 19+ years old.
Any reason you don't have him now?
Looks like uncle scooter
awwwww that is so cool, 
A cat adopted me once deciding i was his human lol he hung round for 11yrs and i was told he was about 4 or 5 wen i first took him to the vets.
He was my best mate. so give Scooter sum aussie luvin from me cheers
He looks like he's seen some shit. What a good ole boy.
"Why did you leave me here, I chose you, not them"
Yep ... he's still a stray cat
He looks like someone who's about to tell to "CATCH-A-RIDE!!!"
The gods have bestowed upon us the gift of purity.
That's not a cat. That's Ron Pearlman.
Why doesn't he live with you?!
Awww! He needs to be snuggled!
So, you brought him home before you moved from your parents home? So, he lives with your parents?
Is that milk in his bowl? Because cats are lactose intolerant and shouldn’t drink regular cow milk.
Scooter looks like he knows a thing or two because he’s seen a thing or two.
Either scooter has a big chin, or that's some badass beard
So, by my calculations and my knowledge of feline life span, Scooter was approximately -5 years old when you brought him home.
Mr. Scoots, to you.
Scooter looks like he wants some grandkids...
He looks like he has a beard
Awww. What a sweet old guy!
He's lived happily with your parents for 19 years and is somehow still a stray.
He looks like the cat from ice age
scooter i love you! scruffy old babe
Haha.
He even still looks like a stray cat. xD
Why does he still look like a stray cat?
he looks like he has seen things ..
Looks like he needs grooming
looks a little thin
This cat looks like he came straight out of a Tom Waits song and I love it
If you need to go home to see if your cat is still there then I think maybe you should call your parents more often. ;)
Clean his eye gunk OP!
He has seen some shit.
He looks like he would bring a stray human home.
Give that cat his own Disney movie
Very adorable and very grumpy old man.
Man you can tell that cat has seen the world.
Hes old AF!
He looks like a wise ole fella, could probably tell some stories. All the best to you Mr. Scooter!
Scooter looks like he's about to fuck me up with some wisdom
Hello, old friend. It’s been far too long, I’d feared I would have begun my next journey before this reunion came to pass. Now, pay close attention to what I’m about to say, I doubt I will have a chance to say it again...
I can just hear the old raspy voice slowly shedding some wisdom... All they need now is a kitten to learn it
That cat has seen some shit. No lie.
That cat has a long life
he looks like he can tell his war stories sitting around a fire pit.
He looks like he's gonna speak
Why does he look like an old man that was turned into a cat?
He has that Walter White look
He knows the meaning of life
That's a very old cat I hope he enjoyed every minute of the life you gave him :)
Take him with you. Are you paying rent?
It looks like he speaks for the trees.
CATch a riiiiiiiide
Oh my god this cat has a beard
Why does Scooter look like he has Sam Elliots voice
That looks exactly like you imagine a 19+ year old cat looking...
This cat looks very happy with his lot. Well done Op! Next time you see scooter let him know a random guy from the UK wishes him well and give him a high five (if he high fives)
No milk for kitteh! Milk bad for kitteh. Especially one over 19.
Such a rad cat with a little old man face, what a sweetheart
Master Meowgway
He looks like a grizzled war vet, dudes seen some shit. He's fucking adorable
He looks like Gandolf. "Eon's have passed. Oh yes, I have memory of you."
You could say he is scooting along in life.
Squanchy!
Cat looks say “You know, I’m lactose intolerant, but I see how much you care I make sure you’re happy “
Yep. Can't think about he will go away one day.
So cute
He looks like he's been a good boy
Give him extra chin scratches for me please.
That's a good looking old man
Baby boy needs more calories!
Squanch him for me and give him a lot of squanch
Cute
That's lovely.
I love him
That's a handsome moggy. Hi Scooter.
Oh my gosh I love that cat!
He looks like the great great great grandpa of the stray cat i took in last year. A orange male tabby in october. He was skinny and he was crying at my door to be letin. I been playing with him all summer, he was a good mouser but the winter was starting to get to him, pretty sure his family abandoned him when they moved out a few months earlier. Best kitty ever now.
He looks like squanchy from rick and morty
Tbh I would die for Scooter
Don't feed your cat milk unless it's lactose free.

Many cats are lactose intolerant and drinking milk causes renal failure. My parents fed their cats milk and both died of renal failure :c
Old Bro！
Scraggly ass cat
Cat's are lactose intolerant.

Everytime you leave the cat shit's all over the place... And that's hilarious as fuck 😂
Awww, love you Scooter ♥️
Scooter could still kick ass. He beat 2 youngster cats. 1-2 with his old paws. Go Scooter!
He's beautiful. He looks so wise.
20 yr old boyo
He has a sharp chin
Omg I love him
He looks so dignified.
He looks so distinguished.
That's a long time. Is it normal for a cat to live 18/19 years? I've never had one so I don't know.
He is lovely~
Kajhit has wares if you have coin.
willem defoe lookin ass
That's wonderful.
Epic beard
What it do scooter
Damn 19 years old
That cat has a better beard than I do...
My cat joey is also 19! Whats with orange and white cats living so long?
Came for the comments - was not disappointed.
I am sorry, but how rare is it for a cat to be older than 19?¿?‽
Aww, what a cute fella.
He clearly needs a bowl of whiskey, not milk.
What an handsome old man!
That is a cat with character.
The O.G. Scooter.
Scooter looks like he teaches martial arts underground as a side-hustle.
Pretty boy!!
I’m just waiting for Scooter to sit me down, give me a Werther’s original and say, “Listen here sonny, let me tell you about my time in Korea...”
He looks 110% done with your shit
Congratulations, you appear to have Ron perlman as a cat.
Dude looks like he is going to tell you how to complete your quest and fulfill your destiny.
Hello Scooter
r/ronperlmancats
Scooter after a ride on scooter.
I’ve got old buy at my house, they’re great friends. I hope yours does well for a long time.
He looks like puss from shrek
Poor little fella, I feel for senior cats.
/u/pet_disneyfication you will love this one
He looks like a Nam vet. Hes seen some shit man.
Hopefully I can say the same in that many years, I just brought in a stray cat almost a year ago and I'm 18. She's so precious and so is yours
That cat has seen some shit.
Cat looks like Cricket from It's Always Sunny.
Sick beard
Catch a riiiide!
He’s all puss and no boots
It is your responsibility OP to let us know when this old man goes. That's a beautiful old man.
Adorable old fella
hes lookin like a mini mufasa over there
Gandalf the Cat
The Santa claws of cats
Ah, common mistake, but that is actually a handsome Khajiit.
Cat looks like emperor from Mulan
Goodest of boys at at least 19 year old. He’s very best boi
He looks like an older version of my cat skeeter. I hope he lives as long as your cat,  this picture made my day.
He looks like scar...if scar was a ginger cat instead of a black n tan lion.
Scooter is tired of whatever bullshit you're spewing.
A wise man.
He looks old bless him xxx
Finna catch-a-ride from this dude.
Awh little old man!
I love scooter.
He legit has a beard I love him
Thanks man for being a bro. He Looks very fuzzy, too. Love scooter
Scooter has seen some shit.
If Scruffy the Janitor from Futurama was a cat
Is that Ron Perlman?
Stay thirsty my friends.
Holy shit Scooter is a rad name
So cute * - *
My grandpa's dog was named scooter, and he was super old too before he passed. This guy looks like a cranky old man.
Awww!! I love this!!
Just recently my cat who was 18 years old had her since I was 11. Cats are the best
We love you scooter
Scooter looks like he's seen some s**t
I have a 17 year old cat that I grew up with as a kid. She was my mum’s and when she died I inherited the cat and she came to live with me. Last year we moved to a new country and we flew her with us. She’s still going strong, is only on medication for her thyroid. She sleeps all day while I’m at work and sits on my lap in the evenings, just purring, like she did with my mum when I was 12 years old. 

I’m gonna be heartbroken when she dies because this cat has been through a lot with me and she’s kinda the last living part of my mum that’s still around.
What a beautiful cat! I love him!
Take my silver award, scooter
How does a cat end up looking like an old man with a beard
very cute cat
He is old enough now.  You can call him cooter.
This cat is wise as fuck!
That motherfucker right there is one old wise cat.
Cat looks like he's done his fair share of [squanching](https://pics.ballmemes.com/that-moment-when-you-souanchin-andsomeone-interrups-you-im-squanching-13058443.png)
Wow. I did something similar when I was 17 too.  Named him Whiskers, but my little sister objected and renamed him Pyewacket.   He grew up to be a really big tomcat.  He lived outside his whole life and brought home lots of trophies including a state record length coral snake, a 16 inch bass, and a family of possums.

He passed a couple of years ago when I was 37. I miss him.
‘Hey Mom, take care of this cat for 20 years.  I’m going to college next year but I’ll be checking in to make sure YOU are taking care of him’
Milk is bad for cats.
Scooter!  That's an awesome kitty.
I read somewhere on here the other night that it's not good to give milk to cats.
What does Scooter eat?
I showed this picture to my fiancee and she said your kitty looks like Scar from lion king but without the scar
Your a great person and I'm sure Scooter will appreciate you forever. Maybe he'll even let you touch his belly before disemboweling you!
Does he have an old-man beard? Hes the coolest and wisest-looking cat I've ever seen!!
[removed]
Scooter looks like he wanted to be put down
Why don't you take him with you rather than leaving him at your parents for them to take care of?
This is exactly why parents don't want you to bring home strays.. They have to look after them for 19years
[deleted]
Why isn't he with you?
I like his old man beard
Khajiit has wares.
Diabeetus
Kitty Kristopherson
He looks like colonel sanders
cant tell if it is milk onhis mouth or just his fur
Is that Wilford Brimley Cat's bowl of Quaker Oats?  Does he have the diabeeetus?
Is this the cat version of Seymour Butts from Futurama??
CATCH A RIDE
Omg he's such a sweetheart.
He’s an excellent lad
Hi scooter he's like " can I HELP you?"
I've have never seen a cat with an actual beard
I love old man face and white chin scruff :)
Awww!!!  Scooter is a very good kitty.  :-)  Gives hims many loves and pets.
Sccoter seems hella wise. I want to pet him so bad.
He looks like he still has really good eyesight!
What a good scoot
But does Scooter know? Or..

Scooter doesn't know..
Scooter has seen some S.H.I.T.
he's a treasure!
Old and wise...just like mine :3
I think I was at this cat’s retirement party
Where have you been, Jennifer? I missed you.
Darwin beard intensifies
That's a good kitter right there 👍
He looks like my old cat. He was 26-ish. He looks fabulous!!
Listen to him, he is going to tell you something that will help you on your quest.
Love his beard
I'm fairly sure that when he was younger ge'd sing about [how much is the fish](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Qlb57uzn1zE) :P
That face is the cutest face ever. Looks like a little old man! I love it!
Christ it is too late at night for maths!  Congrats all the same.
Scooter speaks for the trees
Full beard Scooter
Scooter looks like that uncle who is proud of you but angry about your life choices.
I can't tell if he has a wise old man beard or if it's just the angle.

Either way I love him.
Give me love, you know the routine.
That cat looks like he’s been through it all.
Scooter looks wise
"if women don't find you handsome, they should at least find you handy."
Scooter looks like he’s been through some stuff.
Scooter has a Walter White vibe going on
He's old man adorable.
Handsome and sweet boy
Love
Oh my gosh I can barely stand it. He is the cutest old man. I have a senior myself and as bad as his bs can be I want to have him around for another 16 years. 

Here's to you and Mr. Scooter.
Why is the dish infront of me not full human
That feeling when Scooter the Cat is older than you
Hi Scooter!
That cat looks like it's seen some shit
Kinda reminds me of William Macy.
r/ntbdbiwdfta
LOVE LOVE LOVE! I am also 36, and had a cat that I'd gotten in high school, that we just lost recently. Glad your family kitty is still with you! Give him ALL the pets!
https://rickandmorty.fandom.com/wiki/Squanchy
He looks like a grown ass man. I love him.
"If you can dodge a wrench..."
I love this so much omg
Looks like Wilford Brimley
Scoooooooots!!! Old man kitteh 🐾
Hey scoots!! He looks Like  a good kitteh!!
Old scooter is BABY
He looks like he keeps an eye on all the other cats in the neighborhood, making sure they keep their whiskers clean
He looks like coworker, who is also named Scooter. This is golden.
Scooter McGavin!
He looks so disappointed.

>Milk?  More milk?
What a good old ginger man  oh my heart ❤️
Respect to the man in the ice cream van.
You're halfway to playing Two Old Cat.
What a cute old cat, love his ears!
He looks like a Wes Anderson character
He looks exactly like I would imagine  a cat named Scooter would.
He looks like he wants a scooter
He looks like he’s about to start talking in some kind of distinguished gentleman voice... he’s a rad old dude!
Does he have a beard?
I feel he is going to give me an epic side quest
scooter looks like the lorax
Morris definitely has 9lives and he has aged amazingly well.
Squanchy will be in the Garage if you need em...
He looks like Morgan freeman in cat form.
r/CTLLRP
[removed]
r/ronperlmancats
Clean his eyes up and give him a good brushing.
That's Chester the Cheetah
He had some great r/peanutwhiskets! What a handsome boy!
Scooter is our cats name!!!!  She's only 7 though, but she gets extra love literally every time I pass her in the house
Leave some well-worn clothing with your scent in a sealed plastic bag for Scooter. If he gets really sick while you’re away, your parents can open the bag and place the clothes on his bed...your scent will relax him and make him happy.
This cat has seen some shit...
One of my cats is also 18 this year! She goes outside and hunts every day still.
 _Captain Fantastic_ Viggo Mortensen will probably play him in a biopic, someday.
Wait how long can a cat live on average??
Hey we have the same bowls!
Aww, I love him! We had to put down my childhood cat who was 19 years old last month :(
He just looks like he’s been around for a hot minute
Op secretly visits the folks to see scooter.
+1 for Scooter. Go get em Tiger
I love old babies.
OMG  you are so blessed.  My Bob was the color calico as Scooter.  I loved/love Bob more then you can imagine. I use to pray please let Bob live a long life. Just grant me that one wish.  Bob passed last year at 12 I received him at the age of 8. Scooter is beautiful.  It has been over a year and I still cry over my loss,. Sending fragile Scooter a big hug and kiss. Love you.
Can I ask why he doesn’t live with you if you’re the one who brought him home? Not judging, just curious.
Sweet older boy!
What dude he is, I love him!
Milk is bad for cats
Take him home.
Scooter wants a cigar and cold beer
Scooter looks like he's seen some shit. He deserves extra cuddles!
He's got the thousand yard stare!
Willem Dafoe
Still looks like a stray.
Scooter found a great home! He is clearly as wide as he looks.
Old man scooter looks great for his age. But I wanna know is how are you, OP? How did your life turn out?
Don' seen some shit y'ain't never seen in your life *boy*
I like the name, Scooter !
Oh hes so adorable, wow he looks good for his age, what a sweetheart.
What a handsome old man
I would die for scooter
Wait a second, Is that Hobbes?!?
Man, I bet this cat has some stories
Scooter is a tough hombre
You don’t go to your parents for them, you go for the cat ;)
Make sure he is still there? Is he hiding from your parents?
I didn't know God was a cat lol
he actually looks great for how old he is.
Awe 😍😭
He is fantastic
As in "Catch A Riiiide" Scooter or just Scooter
Pets are always our good friends.
I feel like I need to get off Scooter's lawn.
Lion-o
That is a creature who knows things.  Lucky you and lucky Scooter.
That face says "You left. Only constant patting and skritches can possibly redeem you".
I had a 19 year old cat once myself. Traded my two white rats for it as a kitten because the cat we had liked my dad better. Was an awesome cat, and just liked to be a "lover" more than the typical finicky cat my other one was. Treat your boy right.
He looks like the Lorax! Does he speak for the trees?
I'm surprised it hasn't already been mentioned here but kitties and milk do not mix. It's no good for their tummies.
Looks like he could use another drink!
I would die for old man scooter.
I did not know cats could live that long! We only got 14 years or so with our dogs. Give him a kiss from me!
Fine quality cat right there
I have a cat that’s not quite as old but I’ve had him since I was 4 and I’m 19 now.  His name’s Buster and he still goes outside and is pretty active as far as hunting goes.
I love Scooter. My cat is 18 years old and he is the literal light of my life. Recently moved out and I worry going home if something’s happened and my parents just haven’t told me cus they know it’ll destroy me. But my boy is still kickin’.
I did the same thing my freshman year of highschool (9 years ago). Brought him to my moms too and once I graduated and moved out I had to leave him at my moms. But I still go over just to visit his cranky old ass. I hope my waffles lives to be as old and as cute as Scooter!
Probably shouldn’t give him cows milk
OTB... old tabby bastard!
What a fucking warrior
Milk is bad for cats
Aww. I was 12 when I brought home a stray pup. He became my pup. I’m 29, just lost him a week ago.
Poor guy isn't gonna last much longer. I'll so sorry. I miss my Mordecai, 18 years since I was 14.
I don't know why, but your cat instantly reminded me of the crack fox.

https://youtu.be/DKF_9ZSCR3U
My parents cat Brian left home a few weeks ago and never came back. He was 17. Brian was my buddy and I hope he is at peace. Scooter is awesome, give him some extra extra love next time you see him.
It's like if Rob Swanson was run through the rinse cycle and forced to watch Chinese trade practices.
r/peanutwhiskers
Just found out today that my 14 year old orange cat has lymphoma and will not make it very much longer. Seeing your old boy brought a smile to my face. It's been a rough day, so thank you
Gandalf cat
old man scoot looks like [popeyes dad](https://popeye.fandom.com/wiki/Ray_Walston)
It’s look like your drunk moody uncle who actually is a nice person.
He looks like a Soviet, comrades.
I imagine his voice as Cup from the Transformers movie.
Just watch out with the cow milk for the older buddies! https://www.prestigeanimalhospital.com/services/cats/blog/why-cats-and-cows-milk-dont-mix
He looks like he has a beard.
Put some glasses and a scarf on him and he'd look like the cat from Disney's "The Rescuers"
"how much is the fish?!"
LONG LIVE SCOOTER!
Scooter speaks for the trees
Looks like a actual man old etc
I would die for scooter
Looks like he's got a scraggly beard but it's his chest! 😊👆
Poor boy looks very thin.  But his eyes are full of life.
Old Scooteronomy.
Look at that old boy! Beautiful!
Dats one tough kitty! Bless her.
He looks like he taught Dumbledore all he knows.
that pic made me crying
He looks like scruffy from futurama crossed with Frys hair colour
My grandpa also has an old man scooter! Different breed and not quite as old but still, I love both old man scooters.
Well that is so amazing animals need more love and affection
Such love in those eyes,😍😍😍
I’m really excited to see the gritty reboot of “Top Cat” starring Scooter in the eponymous role.
Aye Scooter, have a place in my heart and good job on your beard.
Lol that old man look
That cat it "seen some shit" old.
“What is this white stuff. I said Whiskey”
Scooter looks even more like a khajiit than most cats.
Scooter is a wise old man.
He can take any cat to scoo...ter-write about living 10 lives...I tried.  Thanks for sharing and my hats off to you and scooter.
did you give this kit cat a bath before you took the picture
Looks like a lion or sum big cat
holy shit, diego survived the ice age, after all! 😸
I would die for Scooter
I just had my cat to the vet, she's the healthiest cat i have ever owned at 19 years old and have just become blind in one eye and have some minor kidney issues.

She's been with me for half my life basically.

Still quick as a kitten and have all her teeth.
Oldest old, gotta respect.
the jaw looks like grandpa
Squanchie!
Why he still look like a stray?
Cat has batman face lol
That's not Scooter. That's the Lorax!
My childhood cat is still at my parents. 23 years old she'll be and she's still going great.
leonardo dicatrio
TIL That cats live way longer than I previously thought.
God bless the little guy and your family as well, going my friend
Scooter is magnificent. I dreamt of having a ginger kitten last night and I named him George. Just thought I'd share.  

Head kisses for Scooter
Overrated, dumped a pet on your parents.
"Furiously Scrolls"

r/ronperlmancats
r/ctllrp
His beard is beyond amaze..I’m in love with his wisdom eyes
Cats don't tolerate lactose well
Catch a RIIIIIIDE
old scooter does not look very pleased
Scooter is absolutely beautiful. I love him so much, hug and kiss him for me, OP.
Catch-A-Ride!
Simba the Lion King vibe on him 👍
Scooter is older than all of my younger siblings and all of my younger cousins. (Oldest being 17)
Scooter has seen better days
OP is full of litter. 

That’s clearly Willem Dafoe.
I love his beard
Why do i think of master in teenage mutant ninja turtles?
You 'check to see he's there' suggests your parents wouldn't tell you if he corked it...
He’s got a little craggily goatee and everything.
Omg why does Scooter remind me of Squanchy from Rick & Morty 😂
What a precious little old man!
Milk for cats is bad.
He's a wise old man now. I love him!
Awe, he gets a bowl of milks
I like his Squanch
