I want a little monkey hug!
/r/unlikelyfriends

Need more content for that sub!
I would watch this Pixar movie.
I bet the monkey could ride the kitten like a horse
I like how the monkey did a little booty-bump on the way into that hug, just like a cat.
*completely indiscernible happy noises*
Okay, this is too pure. I’m here waiting for the inevitable Reddit “that was really cute but actually they were being filmed at an animal hospice and died last week rip” or “that was really cute but actually they’re together because they are both being tortured in the same scientific research facility.” 😭
I am fucking dead
Monkeys from the genus Macaca Fascicularis
often use their intelligence to their advantage against other, lesser animals.

It has been documented that they will often release pheremones mimicking the target animal in order to gain its trust.

Once trust is confirmed, the monkey will typically reach around the neck area and whisper silently into their ear: "What is your apple account login credentials?" After which, almost 90% of the time, the other animal will oblige.

This is also the reason why so many monkeys have iPhones.
Singer John Wesley Harding has a song called Monkey and His Cat and this is the perfect video for it

https://youtu.be/cptMfeCE3kQ
Well that made my day
Very cute.  Can't help but wish we could see the looks on both.  You know, get a good frontal photo.
I wonder if the cat treats him like they would a human.  As in pretend he doesn't give a shit about the monkey sometimes, then loves him another minute.

Im concerned for the monkeys feelings
Imagine if your pet cat was the same size as you.
Fuck this is precious
This low budget remake of Lion King.
Monkitten.
This is exactly what my little brother does to me. 

and he loves monkeys...

&#x200B;

COINCIDENCE? I THINK NOT!
Ahhh my heart
[deleted]
Awwwww 💕😌
Well that’s the most adorable thing! Ever. The end.
I needed this today. God I love this sub.
"Simba, this is the world you'll have to face".
"please don't eat me when you're bigger."
Fucking adorable. 

Also, imb4 a little monkey biologist comes in and tells us its becuase the baby monkey has some incurable disease or is trying to get the kitten to help its dying brother.
i aint gonna lie but once monkey had bite my ass and i had to get injection
Some friendships are so strong, they transcend species
Simba and Rafiki
o.m.g.
My heart has now melted into a pile of emotional liquid--wow, that is adorable.
My heart just melted, this is so cute
Awwwww
Is that a capuchin monkey?
Awww my heart
r/mademesmile
They look all cute but don't be fooled by them. They are agents of mischief and destruction.
I want a monkey friend
They are the bestest of friends!
“Simba, all that the light touches is our kingdom”
Simba?
Something so basic and yet we all understand and speak the same language.
[removed]
Man wtf now I want to cry 😔
[This reminds me of this absolute classic](https://youtu.be/5_sfnQDr1-o)
Needed this, thank you.
It's looking for a mommy :-(
Mufasa and Rafiki
I actually said « aww »
I am biased but primates are the best.
Its Mufasa and Rafiki as babies!
Omg I love animals
When the world has gone insane

and you don't know what is right

you got to keep on keeping on

hug that kitty and hold on tight
Somebody send this to Parry Gripp! He's got a song he needs to write!
How is this real? Animals continue to amaze
That monkey could be killed at any moment. Tigers are seriously dangerous.
Saving the shit out of it
Baby Mufasa and Baby Rafiki
I love that little monkey and its best friend
Queue Lion King Music...
Many of us humans have got a monkey on our back too.
Mufasa and Rafiki: the early years
pretty sure they are reenacting the lion king and that kitty is about to get yeeted off the steps...
so... our friendship is from immemorial times
*their best friend :)
Aww, so cute 😍
This is cool but I really wish Disney went back to hand drawn animation
The real live action Lion King movie I've been waiting on
Awww, this made my day! So freaking adorable. You can tell the little kitty loves his monkey buddy too!
Kitten loves his tiny, furry hooman.
If I was that size, that's all I'd do too
oh my heart !
Fun fact: physical contact is a form of bonding for primate.  They are literally friends
You got a friend in mee
They look like theyre gana travel the world
excuse me while i squeal
The surreal thing about this is that I can imagine that that’s the equivalent of one of us hugging a tiger.
I really needed this today
Ooooo you makea me live!
u/NonokaMukki soooooo ein süßer Hug!
This is fucking adorable
I NEED TO KNOW THEIR ADVENTURES
Oh gosh now I need a hug too ;-(
I’M SCREAMING THIS IS SO CUTE
No _you're_ crying
So cute it’s gross!
That's so cute. Jesus fuck that's so cute
so I know having chimpanzees and large apes as pets is dangerous because they can easily overpower you, but what is it like having something small, like a Capuchin?
*Carnivora Feliformia:* You Primates are so needy.  
*Primate Haplorhini:* Yea, yea. Shut up and let me hug you.

To this monkey, this is a fucking panther, this is an animal that will move forward in uncharted territory that the monkey wouldn't dare cross. That thing has sharp teeth, VERY sharp teeth, and claws, the monkey will definitely run to the cat if there's anything that scares it.

I like this.
That is so incredible
If you think about it,  thats just like humans with cats. only the monkey is bigger and has less hair
Awww goddamn that’s so sweet
I do this with my cat too. I put my head next to his to see what he's looking at. He's always got his eye on the birds. :3
This is what the Lion King Live Action Movie should’ve been
Puurrrrrrfecat
That's a cheeky little monkey.
sup homie, lets chill
I think I just died
Has Disney done this one yet?
Basically me every time my dog sits next to me.
A real Calvin and Hobbes
I needed this today 😭
this post save my day
😭
This is so very lovely~
I love baby monkeys and kittens!
Cat is monkeys best friend: dog is mans best friend
And then in the future they had. . . . What are you call half a cat have a monkey?
Why can't you do it?
Why do I have to share my kitty with a monkey?
(Monkey, monkey, monkey, yeah, y-yeah)
I love how the monkey has to touch the kitten for reassurance.
Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur
r/oddlylionking
Is this on Phi Phi island by any chance? 😊
Monkeys are high maintenance!
This is a good monkey. He is not the one that will mount your car and piss through the driver's side window.
Cat is oblivious.
pals
That is so damn cute awwws
You ever wonder if there were relationships like this is the past? Think of something like Genndy Tartakovsky's new show Primal. Do you think 2 different species worked together in some symbiotic relationship? I sure hope so
So sweet
My cat really enjoyed this video.
where in monkey inputting his full fist in dog friend?
Animals are so wholesome! ❤️🥰
What parody of the Lion King am i watching?
Its lion king.
Let out an audible aww.
u/SierraSaidSo
I want him to ride the cat into the sunset
Cutest thing I've seen all month
This absolutely belongs here
I thought it said a little monkey hanging it’s best friend
I want a movie like this.
DEEP FAKE BY DISNEY
Jesus...and I thought nothing could top "Milo & Otis"... Damn onions!
Even a monkey is living his best life.
Until you learn the truth about this
Ohh god, my fucking heart...
Fuck this is adorable
Awww cute
Kitte and monke
By far the cutest thing posted here this week...
God!!! dis is kyuut (人◕ω◕)
Grookey gang and Litten chads irl
"Geeze, Seymour, you gotta stop creepin up on me like that." 
"Aw, sorry Lloyd. You my BFF." 
"Yeah, I know." 
"Selfie?"
Hey Kitty, want a monkey claw?
This new version of the lion king is awesome!
Aww!
Monkey and Kitty being best friends, together forever their fun never ends, solving mysteries one hug at a time, monkey and kitty two of a kind.
Looks like a young or baby monkey, that thinks the cat is it's mom?
Monche
Amazing
Make friends now, obviously a baby lion.
I wouldn’t accidentally scared them both by scream singing “ITS THE CIRCLE OF LIFEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!”. Haha... someone date me....
Hell j’yeah
Anyone else thought their phone swapped to night mode in the middle of the video? Lmao
I like how the monkey tries to look wherever the cat is looking
This wins r/aww!
The cat can smell the paparazzi
This monkey a playa
Cuttest shit ever
That monkey is gonna fuck that cat no lies
Wow, BFF ❤️❤️
How you make my day
*Rips out the cats throat
I mean this is the dopest thing I’ve saw all day
This is literally the cutest thing I’ve ever seen in my life
This made my heart explode with awweeeeeeeeeee
Delightful JOY in friendship
Omg I'm so lonely!
I wish my cat was big enough to hug like that
I wonder if to him if it's as cool as it would be for us to befriend a lion
Everything the light touches is our kingdom.
Is this IRL Lion King?
Oh my goodness
Why do I feel like the monkey is going to get a little rapey...
\*queue Lion King theme\*
u/zvitorepka weeee
This really made my day
So cute!!
A Little Monkey Hugging Its New Pillow Slave**
In the circlleeeeeee of lifeeeeee
Kimba  the ginger kitty?
"Baby monkey! Baby monkey!"
And then they grew up to become King Louis and Shere Khan
You have a friend in me moment
/u/levythecat
I'd like to see these two in a few years.
I thought he was gonna ride the cat like a horse lmao
Rafiki & Mufasa prequel?
So cute!
This is the purest thing in my life.
Awww!
Get rejected! Swallow sadness! Harassment lawsuit!
 My cold cynical heart cant handle this...
I wasn't fully paying attention at first and thought it was just two kittens.
Cat is about to do what cats do and this pacifist monkey just interjected himself into the situation.
I can't wait to see what their kids look like.
Smooth
“I love you, my own private predator“
Lion King 4 looks promising.
If he's anything like the monkeys in NYC, he was trying to steal his wallet and phone.
Aww 💯
That sly monkey totally pulled a yawn reach on that kitten. 

Note to self: this monkey has better game than you ever will.
Frick, I’m crying at work
*PLAY A RECORD!*
r/likeus
An update to Milo and Otis?
I imagine a lot of r/cursedcomments will come from this.
Even monkeys need fuzz therapy
I love the shift in color temperature just at the moment they hug
We're gonna rule this place someday, buddy
Do you think cats can bond with other primates the same way they do with humans?
r/FloofyPals
Everything the light touches..
More
"I can't wait to eat this kitten"
Aww
I can die in peace now! <3
r/mademesmile
Still better than the lion king remake
Monkey and kitty being best friends

Together forever, the fun never ends

Solving mysteries one hug at a time 

Monkey and kitty, two of a kind
That's so sweet it will cause tooth decay!
This is so fucking cute
Ight got today! This so cute >:(
You can't see it from this angle but the monkey's other arm has a knife to its throat.
Wholesome
This video needs to go on for another hour.
Monkey: Hey a new friend!  Cat:*Looks around for anyone* *Mind* (Someone save meeeee!)
That monkey is so fluffy it needs to shave
But he is very cute
Matt and Ryan? From Supermega?
🐵 ❤ 😺
Every night I dream of monkeys devouring me, so I hope they get gangrene.
I remember seeing a video of monkeys who would steal puppies and raise them in their groups as guard dogs. Could be the same with cats.
SNEAK 100!
The sequel to Milo and Otis...because Otis didn't make it.
I’m not sure the cat is all that jazzed about this.
What's cool is they can both climb trees. They can pretty much go where the other can.
Simba
If this is not cute then i don't know what is
😲🤗😀😁 That is too sweet!!
r/eyebleach
extroverted, boundless-energy me hugging my introverted sister
Cats like: who’s this person hugging me.. whe..where’s my mom, I ..I need and adult!
And the cat not really giving a shit
This reminds me of the Lion King
I saw this coming home from a bad day this made my week.
Who has monkeys in their backyard. or as pets.
That’s adorable!
Mankey
Sweet little monkey
r/AnimalsBeingBros
😩too sweet
Omg, that little hug!!!
Everything gets a warmer color when the arm goes over the shoulder
I want to know how they met
I literally melted
Young Mufasa and Lil' Rafiki.
Awwwww i love you cuties
Anyone else shocked that the cat didn’t seem to mind?
I could watch this all day!!
This...  broke me.
Kitty's just lookin for something to murderlize.
I like the little butt bump like he probably learned from the cat
Literally me and my cat
I love this
How come monkeys and apes like cats so much?

It seems to be common.
What type of monkey is this?
This is actually amazing
This might be the first time an aww post made me tear a bit
I can watch this all day.
Aw that is beautiful
"Soon you will be big enough to ride, my noble steed"
Slick move Bubbles
Slick move Bubbles
/r/likeus
Cuteee
*screeches in pure unbrittled adorableness*
I cant see any comments asking for more videos? We need more videos. Please send more videos of the monkey and the cat.
everyone liked that
r/gifsthatendtoosoon
And still he has the most cat attitude about it. “Dude thanks but personal space. Whatever.”
Hug so powerful it makes the colours warmer.
I'm not crying...
A monkey bit me climbing down my shirt

I tried to support it like a cat
It's there more i can watch this all day
Omg. This is the cutest damn thing
Straight outa lion king
So adorable ♥
Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwe
Lion King: Mufasa & Rafiki
And one day Simba, you'll rule it all
«This land will be yours when i’m gone my son»
My heart just exploded, thanks for that!
He can ride the cat into battle
"Everything the light touches is our kingdom" -monkey
The cat's look at the end screamed, "help me".
*Friend-Zoned*
That's not backwards on a pig
Damn I want a monkey.
r/eyebleach
Hug me too! Love both
sweet little babies :)
So cute! I can't stop smiling after seeing this. Since I don't have anyone to hug at the moment I'm gonna hug my little chonky cat and I want to send out a virtual hug to every one on this sub Reddit  and anyone else out there who needs a hug
Somehow this came to my head:

AHHHHHHH SATENYAAAAA NABANICHI BABA
Take my fucking upvote already.
"No bro! Stop! Not worth it!"
No shit, this is the first time I've ever cried at something on here, in like almost 3 years. And I have no idea why
I needed this in my life.
I needed this in my life!
You got a friend in me
Ugghh!Best of friends!Such a cute little one
Monkey cuddles
two babies wondering about the world
Finessed
This is how I wish I could interact with my cat
❤❤❤
Inter-species friendship will never not be adorable to me.
“We’re gonna be friends” by white stripes was playing g as I watched this. Paired perfectly for maximum adorable.
I read this title "hanging its best friend"
Oh just like my girls. Younger being monkey..
I'm throwing up rainbows right now! That's fucking adorable!
[Spanky loves monkey](https://i.imgur.com/seNnDft.mp4)
Watch Disney turn this into a movie
r/likeus <3
it this Rafiki and simba o: lol
OMG AHHHHHHHHHHH IM CRYING
“Friend” lol i bet he’s depressed.
So sweet.
Lion king 2 electric boogaloo
"Baby monkey, baby monkey..."
The sweetness has killed me dead.
I wonder if this is an infant that's imprinted on this cat? Can we have cat like monkeys? 🤔
Someone tag that person that makes poems pls
That's like hugging a lion to him lol
I imagine them watching the sunset together
It's all fun and games until your best friend puts his monkey paw up your butt.
That's like a human hugging a 12-foot lion
Dat baby is clinging to da baby
I've never seen anything better on here!
For all the big cat comments, I find it pretty statisfying to hang out with a husky 22 lb tabby. He's not obese, just part coon. 

My friend's cat, he once threw his weight against me and I was happy. I keep having petite rescue cats so a big heavy boi I could bear hug was nice.
Gosh that's sweet.
Simba and the crazy ass monkey from Lion King!!
Kitty wanted to catch something though.
Reminds me of lion king
That's the most adorable thing ever !
this the cutest shit i ever done saw
He just wants to enjoy the great view with his best friend, so wholesome
Disney film irl
"We sex later kitty"
We'll be best friends forever just you and me monkey + cat
Hehehe
This needs to be made into a cartoon
".... Who are you again?"
Wait until he realizes that cats could care less about emotions.
Hello Disney? Wheres our monkey and the cat story?
Simba & Rafiki
Freakin cute!
The "Milo and Otis" story I never knew I needed.
That was one smooth arm over shoulder move. 13yo me could have done with a lesson from this fella
Monke!
True love never dies  hahahahaha 😂😂
Little monkey fella. What do ya think of that?
Awww..how sweet!
this might be the best post on the subreddit
Monkey and kitty being best friends!  Together forever, the fun never ends!
This is why I open this app
Simba
This brings unfathomable joy to my heart.
My hearttttt
I just died. 

Thanks.
I like how he booty-bumps him first to test out the waters 😂
I want two of the monkeys, please.
Mufasa and Rafiki when they were kiddos.
Woulaya look at that?
The adventures of Kitty and monkey 🐈  🐒
God I wish that was me.
Wow, the Fruits Basket live-action adaptation is looking real nice.
Akuna matata
Almost looks like a movie in the making..
Damn, I thought it was a lion cub at first 😅
I want one. My husband never hugs me
I watch this everynight before i go to sleep
To that little monkey, that cat is a huge wild beast who is treating it like an equal.
If these monkeys have 1 tenth the smarts we do, they must think they are pretty cool.
Mr. Bold & Fierce needs a little comfort hug from Mr. I. Got. This. !!! 💕🐾💕
Teenage kitten: Dude! Somebody’s watching! Get off!
I liked it
It’s fake tho
This is one of the many reasons I love animals more than humans lol
Aweema me Aweema me Aweema me, in the jungle the mighty jungle...
😩😩😩😩😩😩😩😩😩
Monkey see, monkey do, monkey pee all over you.
Our shop cat hasn’t been seen in 4 days and this cat looks like him I’m gonna cry
This is painfully human. Just like any partnership which means so much to one... The other doesnt care at all.
Don't certain monkeys rape cats/small animals?
Before the kitten was devoured by monkeys families who escaped from a bitch that ran them off.
“Yeah, that’s fucking cute until they fucking eat the cat and rip your balls off”-Joe Rogan, probably
why does this look fake.
[removed]
Cat probably can't tell the monkeys from humans.
Aww it’s cute that Kevin Heart made a nice friend
