Cinderblock was surrendered to a vet in my town in the last week or so. She is clinically obese and is currently undergoing a prescription and physical therapy regimen to get back into shape!

Edit: to answer a few questions...

The water raises poor cinder’s buoyancy, taking the strain off her legs and allowing her to excercise longer and more effectively.

As /u/ariasrom mentioned, Cinder was surrendered to Northshore veterinary clinic in Bellingham, wa. You can follow her progress and check out ways you can support them on instagram. @northshore_vet

Edit edit: as /u/at0m_1k noted, the method takes advantage of Cinder’s existing buoyancy. Also, this is an introductory amount of water to get Cinder comfortable and prevent her from laying down. Poor original wording on my part!


The former owner has appeared! /u/mostofasia commented this below:

“*Cinder was my late grandfather's cat until earlier this year. He was in poor health at 93 years old and Cinder took full advantage, gaining quite a bit of weight (as you can see!).  My aunt took cinder in when my grandfather passed and had some success with diets, but ultimately decided to relinquish her to the experts in the interest of cinders health. We always called her "meatball" but cinderblock is definitely more clever! We can't believe she's blowing up on the internet now, but I'm sure my grandpa would be happy she's bringing joy to so many people!”*
I love how much she hates you.

Edit: Thank you kind stranger for the silver!
Take it one step at a time, they said and thats exactly what hes doing lol
YOU GOT THIS CINDERBLOCK WE LOVE YOU!!
This cat and I have the same work out routine. 10/10 would adopt
Cinderblock is the only appropriate name for this thing.
me at the gym. the harness is for keeping me there the full hour.
Cinderblock is making his disdain for the situation very well known.
Holy shit that is a chungus
I am in love. Cinderblock has stolen my heart and possibly ate it.
Godammit, Cinderblock....you are doing your lvl best and don't let anyone tell ya different.
Keep being you.
It's okay Cinderblock, almost no one is great at fitness when they first begin. Everyone has to start somewhere.
You can see that its fat but when you realize its wearing a DOG harness you realize just how fat it is o.o
Working up an appetite, I see.
Honestly, this must be me as a cat.
Don't worry Cindeblock, I also cry on the treadmill
It’s the cat version of My life at 600 lbs.
Fuck's sake gary im doing it...im doing it
I have the same energy tbh
Maybe in a few months he can end up on r/dechonkers
Does Cinderblock have Instagram. How can we follow her progress?
You workin' out? noooooo
If you want to follow Cinderblock’s weight loss journey go follow the veterinarian that she was surrendered to. Their Instagram handle is @northshore_vet
Minimal effort is still effort.
Nothing was more worth it than turning the sound on
How much does a water circulating cat treadmill cost?
Richard Simmons lost all his weight starting by clapping his hands along with workout videos. He couldn’t move any other part of his body. This is your start Cinderblock!
No way, I have a large cat (not this large) named Brick. Maybe they're cousins?
Treadmill is submerged why? Water jets at the back? I bet the poor guy is as confused as I am.
its a start... we've all been there.
Add a screen and wifi so I can watch Supernatural re-runs and this is what I'm spending money for at the Y.
I am WET!
Chubby little angel 😍
This is probably the first or second treadmill session and the water is so low because they're gradually introducing the cat to the water and the moving belt. Ideally, the water would be raised to the top of the patients' femur bone to provide enough buoyancy to allow exercise without stressing the joints, yet also add enough resistance for strengthening. Walking on the water treadmill is better than a regular walk because it allows for greater range of motion for all joints (also great for arthritis). The rehab tech can also adjust the water level (lowering it increases difficulty), the speed of belt, and incline. The water is also warm which helps relax tight muscles.
u/vredditshare
Aaw I want to give her a hug.
So cute. I just want to put it on a diet and snuggle it
She's a brick 

HOUSE
That poor cat. His owners didn't care for him properly.
That’s the cutest fattie i’ve ever seen
Showed this to my boyfriend and he immediately said “that is America as a cat”
#Cinderblock, Destroyer of Worlds and Devourer of Souls
That is the best name I’ve ever heard for anything ever
 [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rmL1D\_aWTAY&t=133s](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rmL1D_aWTAY&t=133s)
Cinderchonk
A cat on a lead in a tank of water. Is this some kind of kitty torture experiment?
OH LAWD SHE TRYIN
Did that ottoman just try to meow?
All these people suggesting to feed the cat less clearly haven't had a cat attack them because they were hungry
The water doesn't look deep enough to help with her joints. My opinion and I'm not a doctor/vet.
I love fat cats.  My last three cats:

Fatass (made it to 15)

Blimpo (made it to 18)

Andre The Giant (current moose of the house, he's only 6)

I adopt them huge, and get them to be less huge, but they were/are all big boned kitties.  

I would take this girl in a heartbeat if I was in WA.  She will find a good home.
Cinderblock is THE BEST FAT CAT NAME
He chonk
I don't get this. How does your cat get this fat? For arguments I'm assuming there is not some rare metabolic disease going on, since those cases are the vast minority as a cause for obesity, just like with humans. It's not that hard to not overfeed a cat. This is just sad.
It appears he is trying his hardest not to lose that weight.
trying is the key word here.

There was an attempt
He's got it worked out just right: Can hold can of food in one paw while 'exercising' with the other.
It sounds like Nick Kroll is filming this//doing a bit.
Why is there standing water? I’m really asking. 😶
why is the treadmill in water
Reddit’s mobile video player sucks holy shit. How do you get a video to play properly
/r/catswhoyell
r/CatsWhoYell
If cats could be redditors, this one of them.
Is anyone else just hearing his meow as 'why?' 'Whyyyyy?'
This level of fat-shaming is unprecedented. Reddit, I thought you were better than this. /s
How can something be reposted literally one day later and still reach it to the top of r/all
lol. this is like if Eric Cartman was a cat. idk if southpark ever did an episode where Cartmen has to get in shape, but i think he'd have this same look in his eye.
Holy Crap. This is the funniest thing I’ve seen all day! 
- best name EVER for a fat gray cat. 
- in a harness. 
- on a treadmill
- in water
- the sad meow

This video has it all!
Me too, Cinderblock, me too.
We are going to need weekly updates on Cinderblock's progress. We are all part of the journey now.
Oh god Cinderblock is me.
lmao bro how she got so big??? what in the world were you feeding her????
Cinderblock is quite the appropriate name.
for those of you new to reddit, this is about it. it doesn't get better than this. don't click on anything else. just leave or keep watching this over and over
That one paw is going to be jacked.
Why did you upload a video of me without permission?
awww cinderblock, you can do it! we belive in you!
Never have a cat and a name been so perfectly matched.
She's on the treadmill not to loose weight, that happens with diet.  This water is to reduce the weight bearing over her joints making some light exercise easier to tolerate.    Poor baby!  If one ever wanted an argument about how our food supply is the base cause of human obesity we only need to look to our pets for confirmation.
No matter how slow your one paw goes, you're still lapping every kitty on the couch.
This cat is my spirit animal
Why is the hydro pool not filled more? The whole point is to reduce the weight carried and that won't reduce anything. In fact it would make it harder if used like that.
OH LAWD SHE COMIN!
As an overweight person trying to get back in shape, I have never identified so strongly with an animal in my life.
Literal 25% effort. Just plain lazy, this one.
That left paw its going to get RIPED!!!!
Cinderblock is the most fitting cat name I have seen in a long time.
This isn't cute. That poor fucking cat. Measure it's fucking food.
Cinderblock is now what I'm going to name my child
I want to see a before and after video montage
cinderblock is the best fucking name for a cat
I request updates on Cinderblock's progress!
You set him up for being fat with that name haha.
Why does this remind me of that fat kid sat on the stairs that meows
I shared this with my parents and my dad said “I feel seen.”
I thought my Russian Blue was chonky 😯😯 you can do it Cinder! You've got to meow it! Meow it!
She is saying: “what happened to my unlimited supply of cat food? Why am I in here? Why is it wet? Is this hell? “
Killin it.
I'm doing it motherfucker. Happy?
Nothing cute about unhealthy animals
its not really "aww" when humans overfeed their pets and then those pets have to suffer because of it.
[deleted]
I'd like to make a special shout out to the absolutely toxic community over at /r/Chonkers that actively promotes cat obesity. Keep up the good work guys!
Ngl, she kinda vibin doe
[deleted]
r/absoluteunit
What a fucking disgrace of pet ownership
Wasted money on grossly overfeeding your cat... to then feel the need to waste money on feline physical therapy. The most first world thing I've ever seen.
whats the point of the water?
If you want him on there with all four feet you better put a can of tuna out there or something :)
Post a chonker, I upvote. Life is simple.
I freaking love him
I assume the water is to aid the legs against the weight... seems a little low, but it seems afraid of water and exercise so i hope it got thinner lol
I have never understood what a cat was saying this clearly, before.
She doin a c o m p l a i n   😂
Absolute unit
This... this is what I’ve been waiting to see all day. Incredible. A true piece of art. A masterpiece. 

I love Cinderblock.
Looks like my fat ass meatball cat, 2Pawc. Also a Russian Blue.
Was he always a cinderblock or did he grow into his name?
Cinderblock. What a name. What a cat.
My spirit animal
I LOVE me some fat kitties but poor thing.
Kitty's got the thickness on lockdown
Oh lawd, she walkin
“LET ME OUT OF THIS DAMNABLE DEVICE”
/r/Chonkers also /r/absoluteunits
Where is this? I've always wanted to go into animal physical therapy but have never seen any business' dedicated to it
Cinderblock is me.
Seems like a very expensive, time consuming and ineffective alternative to a laser pointer.
Those "chonks" are only that fat because owner overfeed them
What's up with the water?
Actual footage of me exercising
Well, it's a start.
What a name lmao
Fuck people who let them get this big :(
Meroww
Translation: I hate it. 
Mmmrrriowww
Translation: I still hate it
My maximum effort for basically everything.
is that a cat or a demonic monster that goes by the name 
"scourge of calories"
anyone else going to mention that cinderblocks left arm is going go to be jacked?
Such a cute little pudge.
“That’s good work” I love the encouragement!!!
Reminds me of one of my favorite videos. https://youtu.be/1A37RTaoEuM
He THICCC
Oh lawd he stationary.
When your name is Cinderblock I feel like you have a certain reputation to uphold
Take it one step at a time, cindy-b
My spirit animal
# "Cinderblock"
I'd love it if you posted her progress! Such as, when she reaches the milestone of having two feet on the moving belt :)
Awww good girl
You can do it cinderblock
I love it when I play a cat video on my computer and my cat goes full alert battle stations
I understand this cat on  s spiritual level. I feel  for you Cinderblock.
That's friggin' adorable.  That look on her face is like "Fine, is this what you wanted..."
I could be wrong, but isn't the water a little to low? That doesn't look like it would take any strain off of her. Wouldn't it have to at least submerge where the weight is being distributed? (Her shoulders/upperlegs)
Cinders and I are on the same exercise wavelength... one must ease very slowly into a routine.
My spirit animal.
you go Girl....we are rooting for you!!
That’s one of the most pitiful things I’ve seen in awhile
Cæn't wälk thê lööp, brøther
Jesus Christ wtf did you do to that poor cat.
She looks like a sweetie but definitely not a fan of that water.
We're cheering her on in Tri-Cities!
“Stop staring at me and HELP ME for gods sake”
I'm really sorry for laughing but what the hell is with someone naming a fat cat Cinderblock?
She's doing great for her first time!
Aw Cinderblock is just an adorable cutie :) now we need progress pics :)
I've never related to anything more in my life.
I'm in this picture and I dont like it
Idk why but this cat reminds me of cartman lmao.
So can someone explain why the treadmill is under a layer of water?
He CHONK
I think cinderblock May have been doomed from the start with that name
He thicc
This is my favorite video on the Internet
Precious girl.
that cat is doing the absolute minimum.
Why the water? Cats fucking hate water
O lawd he comin
Cinderchonk
#GO CINDERBLOCK! YOU CAN DO IT!
However came up with that name deserves a medal.
What an awesome name
You got this, Cinderblock!
nice but wtf is wrong with people doing this to their pets
It's all of us.
perfect name for her XD
Go cindderblock!
Cinderblock is probably the most perfect name
I understand her point of view
r/Chonkers r/AbsoluteUnits
Cinderblock? Hell no, that's a whole truckload of coal right there
1/4 effort is better than 0 effort.
OMG!!!!!! She looks EXACTLY like my Gus!! He would not be that well behaved but he does meow like that whenever we have to go to the vet!!!!! I applaud your effort to help her lose weight!!
Cinderblock is THICC
Where can I find up to date feeds of cinder blocks content
Real footage of myself trying to lose weight
r/AbsoluteUnits
AW LAWD SHE EXERCISING
/u/vredditshare
She is so pissed lmfao
I’m not even a cat person, but cinderblock seems awesome
Reach for the sun Cinderblock
She is a perfect being!  Never change Cinderblock, never change.
Oh lawd he comin
"THIS IS WHAT YOU WANT FROM ME!?"
wii unfit
It me
You leave M'Kitty alone, reeeeee!
Absolute unit
Hahaha awwww
Aaawwwwwwwwww I love it
Definitely fits into the r/Catswhoyell reddit
Cats don’t get obese on their own. It’s all about the owner.
I'm in this GIF and I don't like it
You're doing a great job, Cinder! Don't worry, I hate using a treadmill too, but you're going to feel so much better later on!
Ow, she's a cinderblock house.

Shes mighty, mighty
Cinderblock is the best possible name for that cat
Go Cinderblock!!
I live how you him/her Cinderblock
She’s doing so good I’m crying
You're doing great sweetie!
Literally crying from laughing. Thanks for that.
Oh lawd, she clawing.
Mommy, whyd you name me rose?

Because a rose fell on your head when you were born

Mommy, whyd you name me daisy?

Because a daisy fell on your head when you were born

Mommy, whyd you name me cinderblock?
Hey it's just a quick little doodle of an idea my bf had https://i.imgur.com/AoAgR7H.jpg
Same
she sounds like cartman whining at his mother to bring him cheesy poofs. "maa aaahhhh hhhmmmmm"
Cinderblock is a genius name for a cat, especially a cat of that exact color and size.
lol, reposts are fine and all, but at least don’t pretend it’s yours
You got this, Cinderblock!
Best thing, saving her little health.  So cute
Tell me you call her Cindy for short
There are millions of people starving in this country and we’re giving obese cats physical therapy
Could probably crosspost to r/chonkers
Poor cat. TREADMILL AND WATER!!!
I'm so glad to see someone say lose instead of loose.
She lives up to her name!! Ave Cinderblock!!
All of this is amazing but also kinda makes me sad, we have treadmills and workouts for animals which is great but at the same time as a society we are at a place where it's not just us who are over eating but also making our pets overeat :( 

Maybe Wall-E is all too real
If this was a regular size cat, she'd have both paws on the side. This one has no choice.
"This is such bullshit... First they stop giving me Froot Loops, now this!"
Cinderblock is a perfect name for an obese cat.
This Oh Lawd He Comin' size
Why is the cat in water though?
I never signed a release form for this video taken of me at Orange Theory. #lawsuit
Please post this cats progress!
You're going to wake up to a hairball on your bed
Why does it come to this? Why is solely feeding her less not the solution here
Poor thing. Glad to see they're trying
Why is there water on the treadmill?
Wait, is this cat really named cinderblock? So his weight was predetermined?
CONDERBLOCK
Love you cinder! Buster the pittie who has lost a hard fought 17lbs and I are rooting for you. Working out is bullshit but it’s better than being ded 😻
OMG, The fact that she's putting in that little effort while telling you how badly she hates you is hilarious!  
"You see this stuff?  Yeah, I'm doing it, but you suck dude!"
Naming him Cinderblock has to be the most tongue-in-cheek thing ever.
Why is there water?
I like the name it matches the cat
Oh lawd, she (slowly) coming
Cinderchonk
Relatable. 🥴
Give the cat less food and it is gauranted to lose weight.
You know she’s going to throw up in your shoe later.
As many are saying in one way or another... this is something I need to do. 

I hope this goes well for cinder block If it does she’ll be happy and amazed at how well she can move around and how much faster she can run. Cleaning herself will be way easier too. 

Cinder block  were all rooting for her poor dear. 😻

Didn’t have the speaker on the first time. Second time I did and I heard her voice. I can only imagine what must be running through her head.
just do it cinder !
she will not 



c h o n k
Actual footage of me
HA, Cinderblock.
First of all...Cinderblock?  *chef kiss*

Secondly, MEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Her one arm is working so hard, much respect
I hope cinderblock has several siblings named brick, slab, and paperweight, the runt.
Kitty no want
Small steps.
What a perfect name!
still lapping everyone on the couch.
Someone has to put "Eye of the tiger" as background music to this.
Arm day
Is that a dog harness
I would get made too if they were trying to transform me from a cinderblock into a brick
Cinderblock!!!
So that’s cat language for “fuck you”
I love this.  Turns out my spirit animal is a chunky grey cat.
This cat looks like he insults people in a Scottish accent
I'm so proud of him. I used to have an obese cat and we did a full-on montage PowerPoint slideshow of his weight loss progress (or, as 11 year old me labeled it "paw-gress"). Complete with weekly measurements and quips of encouragement. Really wish I still had that.
That's so cute.
With a name like cinderblock I expect the the chonk to stay
GO CINDERBLOCK! YOU CAN DO IT (in Rob Schneider voice)
Hahaha I just about spit my food out in the restaurant when I read that fat cats name
what a fat fuck and ungrateful too
This is pretty much how a huge % of people at the gym "train" :D
Did you name it cinderblock knowing it would one day become this, or did you change its name to more accurately describe it??
This fat cat reminds me of fat humans, they all act the same way.
My wife knows her new owners. They are vets and her old owner brought her in to be put down because she's too fat but they saved her and adopted her. Terrible old owners! Support our vets.
That cat is fucking ugly
What kind of treadmill is this? Why is there water in it?
Who the fuck names their cat Cinderblock? 

Just curious
Just dont feed ur cat as much, fool
Couldn't they just feed it less or put it on a low cal diet food?
Cinderblock is a fat fuck. Hug that weight out of him!
I'm kind of sad he is named Cinderblock :(  That poor cat.  Seems like it just defines him forever by his obesity.
Two questions.
1) why is he named cinderblock
2) why is your treadmill wet?
Cinderblock’s sad meows are killing me right now.
Why dont they just feed the cat less? He should loose weight with corrected diet even without exercise. When he gets to target weight it will be easier for him to exercise.
Sweet girl. I love literally everything about her. Her name, her attitude, her style.

She deserves all the love and happiness in the world. 

And I hate treadmills that much, too.
Poor cat
I don’t think there is enough water in there to make a difference
Cat has better health care than I do
I have so many 💚s for this and all obese cats.  I don’t think you should intentionally have an obese cat, but if it’s going to happen anyway in life, I want it to be this adorable, and this belligerent.
Also: name “cinderblock” = 💚
Extensive health evaluation at the cats apparent dislike but semi cooperation, = 💚
*a b s o l u t e u n i t*
stop feeding the poor cat, weight loss is all diet.
Serious question, can’t they just feed this plug less?
I'm in this picture and I dont like it
Jesus fuck, just feed her less. Diet has a higher impact on weight loss than excercise, so why torture her with a combination bath and treadmill?
The owner is a stupid fuck, why did they feed this cat until it was obese and now needs physical therapy? Are they just idiots or do they enjoy abusing animals.
[deleted]
You are the one that controls what your cat eats. There are instructions for every cat food on how much to feed based on weight. Not it's current fat weight but the cats ideal weight. If you stick to these instructions the cat will lose the weight fine. I hate when I see people with cats like this.
Image how much the owner weighs. Fucking cat is abou
Needs to hit the gym and turn it into muscle. Have you tried altering the diet to see if that helps. More exercise with less diet should help
I don’t get owners who allow their pets to get like this
Enabling your pet to be massive is not AWW
What a sweet baby 💕
That's what you get for calling your cat Cinderblock
Oh lawd he comin
Which came first the name or the weight?
Omg, I ❤️ her.
Is there an update? Has Cinderblock lost any weight yet? The people need to know!
Just feed it less
Wtf is this. Just give the cat less food.
Exercise will do extremely little to make this cat lose weight stop feeding it shit and give it a proper diet
Can someone from Reddit in the general area adopt her?

Edit: I can’t with Reddit today. Who downvoted someone for wanting to get a homeless cat a safe place to live?
r/Chonkers
[deleted]
is there not an outside you can take this thing to to lose weight?
That’s my spirit animal
Clearly it could try a little harder.
Why not just remove all food for long periods of time so that he loses weight by dieting?
Probably should not have named them cinderblock
Stop abusing this poor cat
“What is this hell! My wrath will be felt humans! Humans ?!”
Same.
What a Chonkey Monkey!
He is confused but he got the spirit
I hope Nick Kroll's cat drops the pounds for her health.
Am waiting for Cinderblock's face gains post
I hear “Screw you guys. Kitty’s not fat, He’s big boned”, in Eric Cartman’s voice.
His name is very accurate
Is that a treadmill in water?
Chubbers ❤
C i n d e r b l o c k
Big chonk
When you name a cat Cinderblock, it only has a few choices in life.
this makes me sad
Bruh what the hell, they told me cameras weren't allowed in the gym
So do you call him cinder or block for short
If you name your cat Cinderblock, can you blame the animal for fattening up like that?
That cats giving me real Cartman vibes.
Baby steps.
1/4th of the extra effort is still extra effort.
i'm doing it.....i'm doing it.....can we go now...i'm doing it
Aww lmao. Poor baby. He can do it!!
Cartman a cat.
relatable.

get healthier soon chonky boi
That's an awesome name for that cat
Considering how stubborn cats are what steps would you take if Cindie refuses to move from her corner?
/u/vredditdownloader
That's not even like 1/4th of the energy... I relate to this cat.   


Also Cinder(block) is the most adorable fucking name for a chonky kitty. <3 Just Cinder for when they lose all that chonk.
Wow that's cute and a bit sad at the same time
I hate this -- cinderblock
He did his best!
This video made my whole reddit account worth it... I ❤ Cinderblock!! 😍
Cinderblock poor baby... I hate getting on the treadmill too. You can do this!
Saido chesto!
That poor chubby baby
Hehehe my boyfriend wasn't impressed when I sent this to him saying it was him
This is relatable
u/vredditshare
Work out better than me doe
r/Thisismylifemeow, poor Cinderblock.
Oh lawd he comin'
I want to pet Cinderblock!
There is no way in hell you named your cat cinderblock.
At least he's trying his best
I identify with this on a cosmic level. I had a girl way out of my league ask me out today and I'm like well time to get on the old diet train
I can relate
I worked out my left paw today too.
This was totally me when I first started on the treadmill lol
I LoVe that this kitties name is Cinderblock!!! 🤣💛
[removed]
Hes lapping all those cats sleeping on the couch eating chips.
Please make cinderblock an Instagram or twitter or something I can follow
post to r/absoluteunits please
I need a treadmill tub in my life
I understand Cinderblock on an existential level.
HEY THATS NOT A NICE THING TO CALL THAT CHONKY BOI
Cinder block 🤣🤣 love it
Put some treats at the front of the walkway... Cinderella will make their way.
Now I see where they got the inspiration for Purugly
*Easy mode activated*
Please let Cinderblock know that we all love and support her!
I feel like the conveyor belt should be a dry surrounded by a moat.
you got this cinderblock!
Good luck on your dechonkers journey, little guy!!
I cannot stop watching this video.
That’s the most apt name for an animal ever.
I cannot get past the name cinderblock. So funny and accurate.
I initially thought this would be a literal cinderblock on a treadmill.
Why you gotta body shame her with the mirror in the back?
Dammmmm boiii he thiccc.
That is an absolute unit
How do I subscribe to chonks on treadmills? I want regular updates on this guy.
u/vredditshare
/u/vredditshare
You know what he’s trying, good for him!!
Hey, that's cheating!

We had to have someone in with my dog to try to keep him off the sides, while I had to stay in front of him to stop him from resting his head on the top of the tub.
Where do such excercises exist?
Me this winter
u/vredditshare
Once she's transformed they should rename her Cinderella.
Actual funniest thing I’ve ever seen 😂
r/chonkers
Reminds me of that cat from years back that was on one of these but passed away a few months after starting due to a heart condition
Same buddy, same.
I finally found my spirit animal.
OH LAWD HE COMIN
O Lawd!
Hey, this is at my vet!
is it just me or does Cinderblovk kind of look like Eric Cartman?
Minimum effort!!
Aw chonk Cato boy, I wish you luck :)
My spirit animal!!!!
Why water?
I yowl the same way when I'm on a treadmill...
Poor baby.
Why is it wet? My cat despises any water touching him, that would make him miserable
I believe in you!
lazy cute cat
Mood
I hope she‘ll lose weight. Fight Cinderblock!
This cat is Cartman confirmed
We are all Cinderblock at some point. Stay strong you magnificent beast.
Bout the same response I have when on a treadmill
I would lay my life on the line for Cinderblock.
Can someone explain what this is? I've never seen a water treadmill before.
Happens when you feed you cat McDonalds. Muricans LuL
My laughter button is broken, I keep laughing and watching this in a loop.  Please come to my funeral
Cinderblock? More like cinderCHONK!
That is at least as much effort as I give on the treadmill.
This is the most precious thing my eyes have seen today.
Cinderchonk
Wow what a wonderful job. Her walking with one paw is like my last dopamine receptor trying to make me happy
I can’t stop laughing at this.
/u/vredditdownloaderbot
I love her 😻😻😻
Somebody adopt this cat lol
This cat is a mood
/u/vredditdownloader
It's funny we can objectively call the cat fat and talk about animal cruelty but the second you do the same with a human its fat shaming.
Wow this is upsetting. Why do people let their cats get this fucking fat?...
I’m just stuck on the fact that her name is cinderblock
He must have done a lot of hard work considering all the sweat on the treadmill.
Hmm funny for us but not the cat. 🥺
LF tank Molten Core PM your stats Cinderblock.
"Get me out of here, jackwagon."
My spirit animal
"what are we gonna name him?"
"how much does he weigh?"
"30-35lbs"
"... Cinderblock"
Cinderblock needs [Fat Cat Sweaters](http://fatcatsweaters.com/)
It makes you wonder what the dad looked like to have such foresight for a name for his son
good job Cinderblock!
why do we care more about fat cats than fat humans
"one leg is good, right guys?  This is working out?"
Why the water?
Name checks out!
Try harder bro
Name checks out
What the fuck man, your cat has a gym membership?
Goddamn the way Cinderblock looks around at the end is amazing.


“ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED?”
IM PROUD OF YOU CINDERBLOCK
We need these machines for humans
r/catswhoyell
Awe poor baby... next time on "My 600 pound Cat...Cinderblock meets Dr. Meow".
Hey she uses the treadmill the same way I do
this is so funny, right everyone. I’m funny, too! Ask anyone.
His front left leg is going to be fit.
Dont worry cinderblock, this is how everyones first time at the gym is. Im sure youre gonna be a stacked kitty in a year.
My spirit animal
This cat resembles me just trying to get thru life.
Hmmm. If my doggy ever got overweight I would put her on a diet regardless of her complaints. For her health.
gorgeous chonker getting fit!
What subreddit can I go to for cat help?
Look at this fat cat with his indoor pool
Obviously it does need to be doing this a losing weight, but damn if you don't feel bad seeing a cat in a corner whining.
Chonk is cute.. ❤️
This was LITERALLY posted yesterday. and I never usually realize reposts.
You can do it Cinderblock!! I believe!!!
Upvote is only for the name not for the forced exercise on the pretty boy
HE CHONK
Who let's their pet get that fat.
My spirit animal
/u/VredditDownloader
Human why you do this to me
My 36 pound dog wears that same harness....
Aw I had a HUGE chonk of a cat named Cinder. She was totally this chubby.
/u/vredditshare
Cinderblock is the best Cinderblock.
Sure it’s not Mc Cinders?
OMG Can Cinderblock be my workout buddy?
/r/Dechonkers
Uhhh... What kind of terrible owner allows their cat to become morbidly obese? How does this even happen
baby steps
Well, uh, good try!
I'd like to know where they bought that harness...my boy is packing a few too many as well. Need to walk his azzz.
She's going to die a mortar for fitness
/r/Catswhoyell
How did you find this footage of me at the gym
u/vredditdownloader
still confused why people go right to the treadmill. if you just lessened the portions the fat would shed right off. weight loss is 95% diet. plus it's way easier to give up if you think you have to go on a treadmill everyday. you don't. incorporate that shit later after you shed some pounds. 

all you obese humans out there can lose weight without ever going to the gym. just eat smaller portions.

would you rather burn 100 calories per mile or just not eat the sandwich that's 300 calories? you'd have to run 3 miles to burn that sandwich. how about just don't eat the sandwich? or make a smaller sandwich.
Best. Fitting. Name. Evah.
r/catswhoyell
I think it’s awesome she’s trying. But, my question is probably a dumb one, but why put a cat in a treadmill with water? I understand water may be necessary for helping with weight and motion, but maybe the cat is objecting to the water. Maybe I’m missing something.
I have found the cat version of me
me in the gym angrily wondering why I don't look like Charlize Theron yet.
That's how I look too. Dont worry kitty
what an aptly named cat, I hope she'll be Brick soon!  I stopped the video at Just the right moment ... check out her eyes ... she is NOT happy :)

https://imgur.com/a/gYBrpGp
He's doing his best.
him chonk
Appropriately named.
Please keep us updated
Cinderblock because fat will become Cinderblock because jacked.
/u/vreddit_bot
why isnt this video, FOURTY TIMES LONGER
LMAO THEIR NAME I CINDER BLOCK. That’s ADoRaBLe
There should be a sub for this stuff.

"fat cat": https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1A37RTaoEuM

Buddha: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NKcD8aZcoKo

George: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pf9rH93O5lE
