The real reason they don't want pets is because they know they'll get too attached.
I convinced my parents to let me get a dog when I was 15 by suggesting we foster one for a shelter. They really didn't want a dog, but this convinced them to try it.

9 years later, the dog and I have moved overseas, and every time my mom and I talk she asks about her "grandpuppy"

Sometimes I think she misses the dog more than she misses me lol
It's always like that, right?  When I was a kid my dad and mom had a fight because she brought home a kitten her co-worker was giving away.  We named her Sasha and my dad fell in love with her.  He would come home tired as hell from work and lie down on the couch and fall asleep to the TV show Cheers.  Sasha was right there near him on the couch.  She would even follow him around the backyard while he pulled weeds.  She also slept on his work boots every now and then.

When my parents had to make the tough decision to put her to sleep, my dad was destroyed.  He built a little glass box and put her collar and a picture of her in it.  It's funny to see his reaction when we remind him how much he loved Sasha. "Humph.  Damn fool kids." And then he smiles.  :)   I love my dad.
There’s a whole sub for this and it’s exactly what you think it is. 

r/dadswhodidnotwantpets
They say no because they hope to never have to suffer the pain of outliving a child of theirs 

Getting a dog is just signing up to have that happens albeit to a lesser degree
My grandpa absolutely REFUSED to have an animal on his property for 20 years of my life, then a stray cat came around and wouldn't go away and ended up having kittens on the property. Now my grandpa has 4 kittens and a whole cat that he's spoiled absolutely rotten, lol.
Source:  @cocoaussy on tiktok, her posts feature a lot of puppies and she writes:  

These cuties are future service dogs for Canine Companions for Independence

Edit to add, the song is The Less I Know the Better by Tame Impala
That's how us dads are. When the family starts talking about getting a dog all we think is another mouth to feed, spending time and possibly money on training, walks in the cold rain, chewed up shoes and picking up dog shit off the carpet and overall just $$ flying out the window with all the vet bills.  Then the puppy comes and we step up and begrudgingly love it and bawl when 10-14 years later we have to say goodbye.
I'm glad Agent Coulson is able to enjoy his retirement
Song?
"I told you already, Heather. I don't want a dog! If you bring a dog into this house I'll......awwww! Whoooz dat?? Iz dat a widdle doggums?? Izzit? Let me hold him, already!"
I can't wait to be a dad and pretend to be pissed off when my family brings home a dog. Only for that dog to love me more than the rest of them. It's all part of my master plan
same with my dad and our kitty..."i hate cats! cat can't come to my home" and now..they are sleeping together on the sofa and the cat is the first one whom he greets when he comes home....
Perhaps the reason why Dads don't want puppies is because they had a dog once, and the heartbreak of loss is something they've struggled with and, perhaps something they'd rather their children not have to go through?
Dad didn't want a puppy because it's an extra expense, responsibility, & worry that will fall mostly on his shoulders.  He knows holding a puppy in your arms on the couch is fucking great, he was trying to be reasonable.

I tell people I don't want a dog and they respond like I'm an asshole.  I'm not home that much and I could never leave a dog home alone to be lonely all day.
Just because you didn't want something doesn't mean you won't love it when it comes along. Just ask your parents
I always tell my kids no puppies or kittens. Not because I don’t want any. It’s just that I know I’ll love them, and it is very hard when they die. I got extremely attached to my last golden. She was right there with me through some of the toughest moments in my life. And then she passed. One of the hardest things I had to do was have her put down. She was in so much pain 
as a 13 yo golden, and I know I did the right thing, but it was very tough. That being said, I was adamant, no puppies, no kittens.      I now have two cats and a 10month old golden.
A few weeks ago I came to understand why my parents didn't want to bring a dog home 12 years ago...  For 12 years I was never alone.  I had a constant companion who loved me and all my flaws.  Someone who always knew exactly what I needed.

I can't put into words how much it hurt.  I don't know if I can do it again.  Don't get me wrong, if another pup found its way into my life I would love it to no end.  Do things with it and for it that I never got to do with my first, as I now know that no matter how perfect they are, they won't be around forever.  But I could never take those first steps again.  It hurts to much, thinking about the first time I met him, I was only 12.  He undid my shoelaces.  I picked him up and didn't let go until we got home, even when he peed a bit on my arm.  I miss him.

I still have one more aged dog(more or less my mother's) in my household, and I've devoted a lot of my time over the last few weeks making sure he has the best life I could possibly give him.  Once he passes I don't think I could ever handle going through this again.  I don't regret letting either of them into my life, but it hurts too much.
This reminds me of my dad. He hates smush faced dogs and refused to play with the English bulldog puppy I had. Absolutely refused to like her, until one day I found them on the couch watching TV together and that was it. 

Now I've got a Frenchie and he's doing the same thing so it's only a matter of time.
Typical dad!!
I love me some tame impala but did not for the video at all lol
God I love the dad that “hates that darn mutt”
It do be like that. My wife and son basically went behind my back and went to the shelter to "visit". They came back with photos and said they wanted this little mutt puppy and wanted to know if they could have it. No. No. No. NO. My son cried. Still no. My wife basically kept asking multiple times a day for like 4 days straight. Calling every day to make sure the pup was still there. Eventually she caught me in a foul mood and I said, "FUCK IT! Obviously my thoughts don't matter on the subject. Just do what you want. I don't care." She was out the door 5 minutes later and back with this little Black lab,shepherd, collie mix already named Thor. I resented him at first as he would be my first dog of my own and I really wanted to be apart of the process. I felt a little cheated. He was a cute little guy though.   


He spent the first couple of nights whining pretty hard the first couple of nights and pissing me off. So I decided fuck it: he just wants someone near him and he'll shut up. Then he looked at me through that kennel with those eyes and I had to get him out of there. He was all over me and finally settled down to sleep on my lap.   


Almost 3 years later he's my little homie. I love him. I couldn't imagine our family without him. The little 5 pound pupper has grown into a big 70 pound pupper. All he wants is to love and to receive love. He will play fetch until we're both exhausted. I've always wanted a dog that really liked fetch.  And as usual my wife was right.
oh man, he's gonna have a confused Big Boi trying to sit on him in the future.
1) vet bills are helluvah expensive, not to mention food. 

2) they limit your ability to do things...go on trips, go out, etc...its essentially another child that you can leave home for short periods. 

3) they will die. 

Every dad was once a kid that lost a dog they loved. They don't want to go through that again, but if it happens they will give that creature the love it deserves.

I love dogs. Id never willingly take in a dog because I just can't afford it. If I did take in a dog I'd be willing to take in an older one...but again. I get attached, they die. Pets can give you love you need but they can also bankrupt you and without a way out other than the return it to a pound...and that's the worst feeling of all. 

These "he said he didn't want one" dog memes seem to imply that somehow they just didn't think they'd love a dog...that's such a disservice to people and dads.
dad:doesnt want dog
family:gets dog anyway
dad and dog:
The puppy’s little tongue poking out on the first video oh my god!!!
I am a dad. I don’t want pets. They fuck up my carpet, throw up around the house, vet bills are enormous and the hair is everywhere. 

All 3 of our cats spend their waking hours with me because I’m nice, I talk to them and I care about them. 

Wasn’t my top choice to get ‘em but if they’re here then I will meet my obligation to give them the best life I can, because that’s what honorable adults do - we take care of those around us.
this dad knows reverse psychology
can someone please tel me what song this is, i seem to have a song memory disorder.
Shes a charmer I think daddys smitten
Someone tell me the song name please...
Sometimes I think there are certain people who don't want animals on principle. My husband is one of those people. We didn't have animals for the first six years of our relationship until out of necessity we adopted my mom's cat. It took them several years to get it together, but now they're like father and son. Every time I mention a dog my husband is like, "Absolutely not, no more animals", so I know the only way I'm getting a dog is by accident. But I also know that they will become my husband's child and they will bond like this.
No human can withstand the power of puppy.
Really believe the animal can sense when it is not liked.  It then tries even harder to be accepted by that individual.
I'm beginning to think this is dad reverse psychology. "Oh no, I don't want a puppy. Noooo"
r/dadswhodidnotwantpets would love this
Tame Impala is going on tour soon, I'm also excited
Because Dads are destroyed when they pass away.
You can see how tormented he is
Dude....EVERYONE wants a puppy.
This is all dads in America.
Keep the video going until that dog is huge!
Same with my dad. He's also deaf in one ear and somehow thinks that means no one can hear *him*. 

He sings songs to the dog and his wife texts me the lyrics in secret. "Oooh Pearly, you're my little baby girly..."
People who pretend to be total hardasses usually end up being the biggest softies around!
My 57 year old father, who always delighted in harassing their cats because they always ran from him anyways (big loud guy), adopted an old roommate of mine's elderly fat-ass cat named Barley. Cat was and orange tabby, round as a pumpkin, and had a broken voice box so he just croaked when he meowed and it was adorable. This cat had zero fear. Absolutely loved my dad, and my dad *doted* on him. I spent a holiday visiting overnight and caught my father sneaking down the stairs in his underpants at 4am to greet Barley, and then proceed to heat him a small bowl of heavy cream and squat and watch him drink it with a bigass grin.

Dude held the cat in his arms like a baby.

Shit was adorable. Barley lived some heavenly last years and died in his sleep and the ripe old age of 18.
I guarantee that dog is the only one in the will now.
Well, unfortunately, this puppy wanted a dad
My parents told me they love pets but don't ever want one, I never understood why until I I had one of my own.
Music is Tame Impala - The Less I Know The Better
Correction: he didn't KNOW he WANTED a puppy.
It's like the story of me and my dad, except that there are two of them in the video
They never do
I demand the full video.
The “dad doesnt want a dog, dad gets dog, dad loves job” is absolutely my favorite meme
Because he knew that would happen. ❤️
Give in to the truth - dogs are amazing and you’re helpless to stop their love.
So pure <3
This dad did not want \*TO TAKE CARE OF\* a puppy. 

Looks like he's takin care of it just fine.  :D
we want a puppy. we just don't want to fall in love again.
He was bouncing the puppy on his knee!!
This is so adorable
Does anyone else in the house get to hold pup.
Why did they get it so young? It must be only about 4 weeks old in the first bit.
I love these kind of videos,these videos show the soft side of every man.
Song name?
He didn't know he wanted a puppy.
It will cost a bomb! No way ... who’s going to clean up after it and walk it, I bet it’ll be me once your bored .... oh my god it listens to me, and shows me love, he is my dog now 😍 laters boring family me and my new best bud are off for a walk 🐕
I hope the pups name isn't Trevor ;)
Omg this was literally my dad when i adopted a pup. He now calls her his “granddogger”
My dad was the same when my mom brought home a Shih Tzu. Nikita loved my dad more than she liked me, LoL.

By the way, what's the song?
It's not that he didn't want a puppy. He didn't want to fall in love with something and watch it grow old and die. again.
Song??
Love the montage.
There's a reason dads never want puppies. Guys have a bigger heart than we want to admit, and we love the absolute shit out of pets. We've all lost a best friend at one point or another, and that's not an experience we ever want to go through again.
You've given so much of us hope,
Thank you.
Honestly nothing’s purer than the relationship between a dad and the pet he supposedly didn’t want.
It looks like he hates it 😂
My mom didn't want a cat either but she still babytalked to it when we got one. She spoils my cat rotten too - always gives her a *handful* of catnip treats when it's just supposed to be a few, and twice the amount of food at meals. Came back from vacation and I think my cat gained 3 pounds.
Omg I didn’t want it to end!
No dad wants a puppy.  Until they have one.
Can we get more daddy puppy video? This 15 second morsel pissed me off more than I care to admit coz I had settled in thinking it was gonna show the puppy growing into a dog - then it just cute me off :(
I kinda know how these people feel it's like it's not that they don't want another animal they just dont want to go through the trouble of raising them and then the absolute heart break of losing them
It’s ok puppy, my dad didn’t want me either
This is the first thing that made me smile all day. Thanks!
This happened with my dad and my first pupper. He was super adamant about it and acting like he hated her. So after awhile my mom gave it to my great step grandfather. He's this old Danish guy with a thick accent who just loves all sorts of dogs and ours being a German Shepherd  he was ecstatic. Anyway later when my dad got home from work he called practically in tears asking where his dog was and he wants it back now. My father isn't one to show emotions like that so it was quite memorable phone call
MORE
It was the same with my dad. He was so pissed that I brought home a puppy one night. 6 months later, I would wake up and see them both reading the news paper on the porch, both on the same bench.
My dad has never wanted any of our animals and here we are in a capital city suburb with two dogs, two cats (one of whom he carries around on his shoulders) and previously had a total of eight hens 🤷‍♀️
My parents have never been pet people. When I made a 750 mile road trip home, my dad was adamant about "no pets in the house". By the time I left he was letting me sleep with my pup in our basement. Hopefully next trip for Thanksgiving he'll let him roam free. He's an obedient, well trained 9 mo boi anyways.
More
There’s no love quite like the love between a dad and the dog he didn’t want.
Dads who don’t want puppies is the greatest love stories of all time
The attachment and cost of having a pet is always the factor weighing in on us adults..
Personally I’m always against getting pets because I don’t wanna be upset when they die
I’ve heard, “There’s no greater love than the love between a dad and the dog he didn’t want.”
Ur dad has nice legs
I hope we get to see an update when the puppy grows up and the dad still has his in his lap petting him as his forever puppy
My parents hated my guinea pig but when I left home for med school they agreed to take care of her for me during the semesters.

She’s now the most spoilt guinea pig I’ve ever seen. She gets treats every day, insane amounts of vegetables (I could only smuggle a few bits and pieces occasionally cause my parents would freak out if I took something out of the fridge for her), my mom cleans her cage like twice a week. She’s living a luxury life right now lol I don’t think she’ll even look at me when I’m back.
Does dad have to walk it at 4am?
Dads never want the dogs because they know they're the ones that will have to bury them
My dad thinks he doesn’t want a puppy and he’s horribly mistaken
Still doesn’t.
As a new dad, I can’t imagine not wanting a dog
Dads doesn’t want dog
Family gets dog
Dad and the dog:
[deleted]
Crosspost this to r/tameimpala they will enjoy it
The reason behind this is because we know they’ll die before we do, raising and letting go of a family member is hard. We foresee the Inevitable as if it’s tomorrow because their life is a blink of an eye :(
Dogs are the best. You're dad looks pretty cool too.
No bond stronger than a puppy and the dad that didn't want it.
That puppy could win the heart of Satan.  This dad didn't stand a chance.
Yeah but there's a difference between not wanting to take on responsibility for something and loving it regardless.
Puppies smell good
From my experience, "I don't want a dog" is code for "I don't want to have my heart broken again when they eventually pass on".
i want a puppy
These are my favorite sorts of things
I can’t wait for my wife and I to have a kid so my dog and I can become the best team of dads.
This is precisely why dad's don't want pets 😅
There's a reason dogs are called "man's best friend"
r/dadswhodidnotwantpets
Well that's because puppies are like fentanyl 

Once you try it you'll get addicted.
What's that song?
Sorry this isn't relevant but anyone know what the song is called?
totally didnt expect the less I know the better here
No one ever WANTS a puppy.. they're almost always sure of it.
El doggo is el best.
I don't want a dog right now, but I would act the same way. The only reason I don't is because I'm not in the position to properly raise one, but I would love to have a dog. If one got dropped on me I would take care of it and raise it the best I could, just would rather not.
Same thing happened to me.
No one may come between the bond of one man and his dog
Heyo, dad here.  Ive posted this before but it is something I can't stress enough.  I dont ever want to have another dog so long as I live, because losing my best friends in the world has broken me and I cannot handle the thought of going through that again.

I know this is the same for many other dads.  I love dogs, losing them hurts me deeply.
😊
And then it grew up...
/u/vredditshare
What song is this?
Cute!
Same thing happened at our home :)
Neither did I lol
"You don't want a dog? You'd realize how wrong you are if you tried it!"

That's all I can ever hear when I see one of these "they didn't want a dog" titles.

Cats too, granted.
Guys I also do not, under any circumstances, want a puppy. Please refrain from randomly dropping off multiple smol floofs at my home.
/r/dadswhodidnotwantpets
he didn't want one.  he NEEDED one
So this video is super cute.

But can I just ask what song this is playing? Sounds freaking fantastic
I wonder if my mom would warm up to it if I bought myself a dog. Also, great song! I love Tame Impala.
Tale as old as time
Puppies are hard to resist.
I think dads don’t want dogs cuz they know one day the dog will die and he knows everyone will be emotionally attached to the dig and he doesn’t want his family to be heartbroken
I'm a dad, can confirm .
This will be me. 3 year son wants a puppy, 14 year daughter wants a puppy, Dad does not want a puppy. When we get one it will be mine. Lol.
The preciousness! I want vids through adulthood too! Keep it going!!
that floor deserves reddit royalty
This is good
Typical dad haha. I'm opposite I want all the dogs have had 10 total, 4 since being a dad two of those have passed and now have a year old and 6 month puppy.
r/videosthatendtoosoon
This was my grandma when we got our cat. Italian grandparents are notorious for disliking animals in the house but she would hold the cat like a baby and rock it to sleep 🤣
/r/dadswhodidnotwantpets
The little song snippet reminds me of Oxygen by Bombargo
Well shit that was me. I hated dogs. I hated the idea of a dog. I now have a dog. Her name is pumpkin she is a 9 pound min pin and I lover her.
It's his dog now.
I would sacrifice myself for that dog, for his heart is pure
Reminds me of my dad and my father-in-law. I have a 4-month old son and when either of the dads come to town they still can’t stay away from my dog. Fenton. His name is Fenton. Yes, after that Fenton.
What a random song to put in this video! Adorable though.
It’s almost always like that when someone says no and then they kinda like it but they wont say they enjoy it at the start😂
Well, he's a dad (and clearly a good one). He didn't want the puppy you wanted but he's gonna raise it and that's now his dog.

Play fetch? Only with Doggo Dad. Sit? Gotta get that approving glance from Dad. Going to the vet? Better believe this is the only man he's going to the vet with.
I didn’t either.  Now we’re splitting up and she’s getting the dog and I’m heartbroken.
Dad and bear
Sometimes the reason is that you know you’ll get too attached and the loss will be too much to bear.
He loves that dog
This was 100% my dad with my “mom’s” jack Russell. sugar is going on 14 years now and every morning she snuggles in with my dad on his recliner while he has his coffee. Mans best friend even if they didn’t ask for it.
Why do we as humans love yo see dogs try and lick our noses and then pull away at the last second sniffing the air?
Tame-an-pupper
“We don’t need another mouth to feed!!”
*Two days later*
“ go get a job, only the dog is entitled to free food”
Fuck yeah, Tame Impala is the shit.
More please!
Is the dogs name Trevor?
You don't know the pain of raising a puppy until you get one.  Then you realize its absolute hell and you end up with so much fucking anxiety that this *thing* is dependent on *you* to live...

So when you're already a dad you've already likely gone through this with your babies.  You *know* that the kid who is saying to you, "I promise to take care of it!" can't actually take care of it because they don't know *how* to take care of it.  So the thought of having another thing to raise and train and spend money on and take care of?  Except you can't kick them out of the house when they turn into an adult and even as an adult are still dependent on you?  Its a painful thought.

But of course you get attached when you actually get it.  So whatever we'll keep it.
That's the best high blood pressure medicine right there. Just peering a dog levels me out a bit.
Maybe he didn't want to feel anything anymore, puppies make you vournable. Nature's honey trap
I want more
I didn't want the last dog I had, it was kind of forced upon me. I knew it would take long for me to fall in love with it, though. Dogs are just something no good person could hate. I would never associate with someone who doesn't like dogs.
That's how most of us end up....... Sucked in with their puppy breath
My parents were exactly like this when we got our puppy. It’s video like this that make me sad she passed away, but so happy for the joy she brought to our household.
Classic.
Somg?
Me: Dad, I want a Malamute.

Dad: NO! I will throw it away. 

When I took my little boy home, my dad yelled and screamed: Listen, take it out of here NOW!

When I backed home after a week........Sitting on the sofa

Dad: Don't sit Moby's throne (Yeah, they call my little boy: Moby )

Me: ..............
My old man never let us have indoor dogs. Dogs belonged outdoors, period.  A couple of decades later he’s an empty nester and our old outdoor lab passed away. So my mom brings home a dachshund puppy one day.

That damn dog got more love and attention than any of us. It slept in their bed and went everywhere with him.  Of course it was so batshit crazy with separation anxiety that he couldn’t leave it at home.
This was my mama. She swore she hated pitbulls because they were so mean. Then I brought home a “half grown elephant” and now he is her favorite grandchild, and she has over 20 real grandkids.
This song really fucked me up cause it started playing while i was already listening to it
This was my husband when we got our border collie mix. I begged him not to carry the puppy so much because he was training him to be carried and now he bitches when the 40lb dog is leaping into his arms when he gets home.
this is going to be me I can feel it
Anyone else get a Tarentino vibe from the groovy tune and abrupt mid note cut off at the end?
let me set the record straight for “dads not wanting puppies” as a dad, i can tell you categorically that the reason we don’t want a puppy is BECAUSE we will love it too much.
I’ve raised many a puppy till the end. It’s never easy, but always worth it. Dads know. We know.
There should be a sub dedicated to dads and the dogs they didnt want. If there isnt one already that is.
Every dad everywhere
What song is that?
He didn't want the puppy because he doesn't want the heartbreak when his best, maybe only friend dies in a little over a decade.

Losing dogs fucking hurts, man.
My uncle left his dog with my grandparents when he could care for her anymore due to work. Grandpa bitched whinned and moaned about it for a month and then he and the dog became besties for the resties. Currently doing the same exact thing with the kitten my aunt brought back.
Here's my theory again: dad doesn't want a pet because he thinks it'll be like another kid.

Then he gets the pet and realizes it's like the kid he actually wanted in the first place.
This is me with our new kitten that my wife wanted
r/dadswhodidnotwantpets
Nothing more pure than the bond with the parent who didn’t want the puppy.
Does this puppy's feet ever touch the floor? Cause all I've seen is dad holding it.
At least we know he fed her... (that was a play on words for the tame impala song, sorry lol
My dad was really down for dog, technically everybody was, but my mom was the only person whose holding us back.
My dad didn't want a dog either. My senior year of high school my mom and sister(and I) relentlessly hounded my dad to get a dog. My mom's boss helped rescue dogs and she had a three year old Golden that the previous owner neglected because his job required him to travel. It only took one visit and she came home with us, skunk smell and all. Now she's his baby.
My dad was like this when we adopted our cats 16 years ago! My mom actually helped us adopt two kittens and left the paperwork on the counter for him. He complained about those cats for years. Still does lol! But he insisted they get the tallest, sturdiest scratching post and all the toys. Refused to buy the boxes of wet food because "they don't like all those flavours" and instead hand picked their favourite wet food every week. They had to have the water fountain because the normal bowls were too boring. He even got me  new bed when I was away at summer camp because my kitten (who was the runt) was getting too big to share the bed with me, and it was about to become a choice about who could sleep in the bed. He wouldn't even let me take my bed when I moved out because it was "the cats' room" and instead bought me an identical one. He loved those cats so much, and they were/are so incredibly spoiled. We lost one of them a few months ago, and he was/is absolutely devastated. It is always the gruffest guys that fall for those little fur babies the hardest!
Dad: doesn't want to get a dog
Family: gets a dog anyway
Dad and dog:
It’s always the ones who don’t want to get a dog that end up being the biggest softies when that pup arrives.
Him so adorable!!
Not sure if anyone asked yet, what song was that?

Also very cute.
What's the song?
i love the tame impala in there
I figured it out. That puppy is fucking cute as fucking fuck.
When I was 15 me and my mom went out and bought a basset hound puppy... Dad was upset because he said he'd never get another dog after our old spaniels died, and he said he wanted nothing to do with it... We left him and the puppy alone for 30 minutes while we went to the pet store that puppy was sitting in his lap, and they were both happy as could be!
Damn I’m scrolling the comments looking for the song name. But all I get is depression. 


Whats the song tho🥺🙂
Song? It was a whole melancholy vibe going
It’s always the ones who don’t want it the most who love them the hardest
Exactly like my dad
Fantastic song aswell
Clearly
I want a dog so badly but I don't want to outlive another dog even more 😞
u/vredditdownloader
Can this be endless? I absolutely love it
Always going to be a lap dog at 100 lbs now xD
I don’t want this to stop
That made my day, thanks for sharing.
Watching a puppy grow shows me how parents feel, it’s heartbreakingly adorable.
Dads don't want puppies because their hearts break the hardest when they aren't around anymore.
All dad's don't want a puppy but all dads are the first to fall in love with the puppy.
Wholesome reddit
Oh my God he's so squinty and floppy and loves to kiss the air!
PRECISELY! The tougher they are the harder they fall!
My dad with every animal of mine ever
music again?
r/gifsthatendtoosoon
It's only a matter of time until that dog gets full-size and still think it's a lap dog.
Wheres the rest
r/dadswhodidnotwantpets
Dave Chapelle said its because the dog will love you when the family won't
Where is the music from?
I require more footage. Longer video. Meow plz.
Suckeeeeeeeer! You’re stuck in the feels now!
I honestly think that it will help us cope with the loss of a parent or spouse.. dogs cats and pets over the years of growing up let us know life will end..  enjoy it ALL
To be fair, I don't want a puppy/kitten either, but I'll still pet the fuck out of one every chance I get. Those little basards are adorable, but I don't want the responsibility of actually having to take care of one.

But if someone else buys the puppy, they have to pick up after it and take care of it, but I still get to pet the little bugger.
[deleted]
that dog is incredibly adorable
And he didn't get one. He got a good boi instead!
Please continue taking these videos as the dog gets bigger!
It's because I know I'll more than likely outlive the dog, and it always feels shitty watching a dog get old and go through pain until it passes away or has to be put down.

But you put a puppy in my arms and I'll begrudgingly sign up again.
What's the song
What song is that?
Awwwweeee!
 
At the end of August we finally decided to let our son have a dog, adding to the 2 we had at home. So, we went to the shelter to rescue one. Our intention was to adopt one in desperate need, but as luck would have it, he didn't bond with any of the ones who were the closest to being put down. The bond he had with his new fur baby was instant and obvious. You couldn't deny it. I was crying and my daughter was crying because we had learned that the one who had been there the longest (3 months) was scheduled to be euthanized that day. So, with a crying wife and daughter, my husband decided we would rescue her too and once whe was fixed and vaccinated we would find her a new home. Her name is Roxy and she is his dog now. He works out of town and when he gets home she is so happy to see him that she can't stop smiling. He will call me and ask me how she is doing and to see her on video chat. It's the sweetest thing.
Keep going til it's 1, and make one long video
Why is it over so soon?
Hey does anyone know the song playing in the video??
Is that the Wealdstone raider?
Very much the opposite in my house. The Dad is an impulsive twit. Got the puppy he wanted more than anything. Guess who deals with it 80% of the time and who does it love. 

Please note, puppy had to come home to 2 (was 3) rats, a galah, a python, a senior grumpy dog and two indoor cats. Also a newborn baby and a preschooler. 

Guess who looks after everything.
Anybody know what song is in the background?
I didn’t want any animals either. Yet here I am with my buddies 16lb chonker on my lap because he can’t have pets in his new apartment. Love this little meatball.
Once my dad got mad I brought home a kitten. A coworker found a feral cat and her babies under her back porch so I bought the food/ litter necessities and got all of it set up before my dad came home from a trip. 

Dad was so mad. Demanded I give the kitten back. ~20 mins later there was a kitten perched on his head and the kitten was no longer mine. Kitten was Dad's.
Dad and the dog:
Dad,” I don’t want a dog!” Dad several hours later “ Oh my goodness so cute.”
This is exactly like my father. Our old dog died and he forbade us from getting another. 

Well we did, he’s 3 now and let me tell you when he saw him in the house he melted. He wouldn’t let me give him tap water from the sink as a puppy, i had to give him the spring water that my father gets for us.
He did want the puppy... He just didn't know it ;)
My dad and now he is the only one who can go full gourmet chef with all the three dogs and their dinner. He knows how many carrots my dog likes, he knows what type of dog cheese my mom's husky loves and what time his beagle prefers to eat.
What a dad
my cat is 3 and a half and I tear up even now when I think about it. I hold her and tell her that she has to live until she's at least 20..
Why do they all say this!
I'm sure he didnt WANT a puppy.....  but now that there is one.   It must be cuddled.
r/bettereveryloop
more like every dad that didn't want a puppy
Classic Dad move
Mandatory r/dadswhodidnotwantpets
Its a mouth to feed lol critters are fun tho
Yo what's the background song?
Upvoting for tame impala
The same thing happened with my dad
This made me aww and cry. I miss my dog. What's the name of the song btw?
I just had to put my dog down on Monday. He was my first doggo... got him when I was 12. Putting him down was the most devastating thing I’ve ever had to do... I feel like I will never heal 😔
THOSE ARE MY PUPPIES! I NEVER WOULD HAVE EXPECTED THEM TO BLOW UP ON REDDIT!!!

PROOF:
https://imgur.com/a/FtIijVZ/
Does anyone know what kind of dog is in the video? Thank you in advance.
What is the music name?
Congrats on 100k updoots! How do I give 100 awards at once?
Holy shit the amount of upvotes! 100k
Well deserved
Are all dads the same 😂😂
I love that bass part! What song is that?!

Sorry if this is r/outoftheloop
/r/dadswhodidnotwantpets
What song?
r/dadswhodidnotwantpets
I work at a vet clinic and I’ve seen countless men walk in absolutely horrified and bawling their eyes out when they have to put a pet down. It’s so hard to watch, I still cry with them after working vet med for a few years.
Just like kids.. they dont want it in the first place but when they are faced with it, dads rise up to the challenges and take care of them.. thats what being a dad is all about
A lot of dads want puppies. They just know their kids aren't going to take care of them like they promised and that lands on dad
When my wife and I got a dog her dad swore the dog would never be allowed in his house. A couple of months later he was the most in love with the dog out of all of us. When the dog died 4 years later he was the most devastated too.
Was not expecting Tame Impala, but it was a pleasant surprise.
Oooooooh the less I knoowwww the beeehttah
I had to put down a dog 3 years ago, he was 16 years old, i was 23. Actually i was happy about it. I loved him like no one else in my family. But he was old, lived his life and was in pain. Joints, teeth, he started to skip meals,  lost weight. I mean he was just an old Dackel who was ready to go. 

Both of us were at ease when he licked my hand a last time while the doc injected the small dosis of peace.

Why cry about these 10 Minutes while missing maybe another awesome 16 years? I would get a dog in a heartbeat if my current situation could support it
Repost [(Proof)](https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ)
This ended way too soon. I need that puppy to adult doggo with pops montage!
Good thing you didn’t listen!
Coulson?
Gifsthatendtoosoon
It was me, 7 years ago, when I did not want to get married (Context: I live in India and still our parents arrange our marriages i.e. they find the lady / guys as prospective spouses and there is an elaborate family driven selection process, so you may end up marrying a stranger (you would get only a few opportunities to meet and talk to your spouse before a decision is taken)) I had liked my current wife the moment I saw her - an initial screening of educational and professional qualifications, general physical characteristics etc. was done by both families beforehand, to increase the chances of a positive response. But after we got married past a month long courtship, I could barely keep my hands off her (not always in a sexual way - there are so many affectionate gestures that can be expressed by fleeting touches etc.) Like this dad here, I thanked the gods everyday for that right decision.
It's not that you don't want a puppy, it's that you still feel the pain of losing the last one. When you're a little older you really realize how short a decade is.
And now it’s his dog
Classic
I didn't think my parents should get a dog.

Now, I'm not saying I would leave my family to die if the house was on fire, but Chewie gets saved first.
I need an emotional support Cheeto bag doggo
He didn't get a puppy, he got a soul mate
Why do all these people that don’t want pets get to have one, but I can’t? I’m lonely.
name of puppy: trevor
thats exacrlt how i was my my girl wanted a cat. i was super against it. now we be cuddlin on the daily.
That's is so precious
He was enlightened by the good boi energy
Looks like my dad and my cat. He was physically angry at me. 4 years on now. Every Saturday, He sits on the couch in his underwear with the cat on his stomach... 😅
I actually felt the same way about a cat at first.
 Does this dad work for S.H.I.E.L.D?
That's just too cute to me
Can someone tell me what brid this dog is?

Im considering getting one with my girl and all the dogs she likes i dislike, and vice versa; but i think we got a winner.
Awwww
Tame Impala The less i know the better
Reddit is turning into Tik Tok reposts smh
Yeah How much money you want
why do I see so many things on reddit that then show up on twitter.
He probably didn’t want the dog because he knew that he would be the main one taking care of it.
If that's what he says...
It’s not that your dads didn’t want a puppy they just knew you weren’t going to take care of them and they would have to
Dad realizes how much of a mistake kids are and that he should have gotten pets instead
Its called "lack of grandchildren syndrome"
Youve been cursed
This dad doesn't want a puppy, he wants a grandchild.
Someone  please add the scene from anchorman where he throws the dog off the bridge... i know im horrible but it would be hilarious
Omg. How could you not love that floof?
u/currymat4444
Gotta love cropped tiktoks
song: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sBzrzS1Ag_g

NSFW warning. no nudity but uhhhhh yeah its def nsfw.
Not wanting a dog is not the same thing as not liking dogs.
It's having to let them go when their time is up. That's why a lot of dads don't want a puppy.
This title will never stop
LOL. He's going to have a grown up dog on his lap in a few months if he's okay with that.

What he's doing is grooming the dog into a lap dog. 

This is why I want a maltese perfect size.
There’s no greater love than that between a dad and the dog he said he didn’t want.
One does not simply wants a puppy...
In technical terms, the dog is a fuzzbutt.
If there isn’t already, there should be a sub for dads who didn’t want pets but loved the pet once they got it.
I have 4 dogs. My neighbor needed to get some pups adopted. I swore I wouldn’t take one and then the litter caught parvo. We told him we’d pay for one pup (we’re not rich by any means). After vet visits and nursing her back to health I couldn’t give her up. I’m exactly like dad with my little Suzy.  Her pic is in my posts.
when your parents actually like you but you don't like them.
I love this so much! So sweet and cute and you can tell he really loves that pup
Who wouldn't want to have this puppy
This is super endearing. Please post some follow up videos as the pupper gets older!
It's because dads know they're going to have to put their best friend down one day.
I definitely don't want a dog because of so many reasons.  But if I miraculously had one he'd be the best of boys.  Many scritches to be had.
aww... <3
Dad didn't want a puppy because he knew he would love the puppy and it's just another thing you're signing up to lose
Do we have an r/hedidntwantthepet yet? We should.
Lmao props to the Tame Impala
is it a good boy or a good girl?
We all want puppies, many of us just don't want or have the means to deal with the workload or the loss.
Thanks. I needed that.
Puppies are very good at convincing people who think they don’t want a dog that they want a dog.
It's as almost society has taught a man is not allowed to express affection. It's as almost society has shown men that affection between a boy and his dog is the only acceptable display of affection as a kid. And here he is subconsciously petting the dog to satiate that need for showing affection.
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.2624  [reddit overwrite](reddit overwrite)
But had he ever seen a puppy before when he made the statement that he didn't want one? I find that hard to accept.
I'm a dad.  I never want pets.  So much work and cost, and I always end up doing way more of it than is the original agreement.  Doesn't mean I don't love them and enjoy their company once they're here.  Come to think of it, pretty much sounds like being a dad.
i wish this worked on my dad, but a clean home is more important apparently
BECAUSE OF THE LOSS 

Some men can actually think about the consequences in the future and fear them.  Losing that dog is going to be losing a part of oneself.  It is always easy to suggest that they gained more than they lost, but I suppose that is why this remark is here, isn't it?
What’s the song?
They don't want pets because they don't want to fall in love with something that they'll outlive. They know just how false the common saying is.

It is **NOT** better to have loved and lost than to have never loved at all.
mans is ready for grandkids
My dad was always like this. When we got a puppy it was because all my aunts had gotten them and I didn’t want to be left out. He was adamant of not being in charge of the little guy. A week later we would see him scratching his ears and hugging him, little later our puppy would sleep on his bed and my dad would walk him every morning and have breakfast before work. This happened everyday until my dad passed away, every now and then it’s fun to reminisce of him “hating the damn dog”
I just started listening to this song recently. I love it!
Dads probably like dogs so much because they never really get affection from anyone else
That's no longer the family pet. That's his pet/bestfriend.
Love the song
The puppy obviously wanted a dad though.
Yeah, but nobody can resist a puppy.
I love these posts :) they never want them and then end up loving them the most.
I think I understand. I stay as far away from puppies and kittens as I can. I know how much I love these little creatures. I wouldn't dare risk becoming attached to one.
Just because we think the dog is cute doesn’t mean we want the dog 😡
WTH is he doing at 0:10 ?
BUSTED giving cuddles!
r/dadswhodontwantpets
In reality, all dads want puppies.
I like this edit.
That’s it, I’m getting a rabbit.
That man needed a puppy
u/vredditshare
Tail as old as time.
Grumpy dad's warming up to their pets always makes me soft
I can’t do without one. 😜
Creepy dad likes baby puppy.
Dads love pets. The thing that they fear is that they don't want to see them pass when they get attached. The other thing is that they think the kids will not take care of the dog. Which is why they do not want to take the extra responsibility.
Maybe because he didn’t want to do all the work that comes with keeping a dog.
Great song choice
Dads don’t want dogs because dads know they’re going to have to be the one that buries them.

But when the dog shows up, they still fall in love...and then it hurts even more.
Ok
Dad: doesn't want a dog

Family: gets a dog

Dad:
They got me too fam. Now I'm stuck.
Why tame impala?
It is always that way
He's fattening it up for supper
Escribanmen CHICOS (HOMBRES) SOY CALIENTE 7W7
That one clip where it looked like the puppy was riding him
they never do. dummies.
Removed by user
That's a good boy for life
Dad is hot
Dogs taste better if you make them think you love them.
It's the guy from Shape of Water!
Aal
That dad didn’t want a puppy because he knew he’d be the one taking care of it. Now that’s it’s here, he’s doing the work so he should also get some benefit. I see no problem here.
Everyone wants a puppy.  Just not everyone wants a grown dog and they all grow up...
Dad did not want a puppy. 
     
Dad was not listened to. 


      
Puppy exists.      
Dad makes the best of the situation because he has no other choice.     
Better make fun of dad and rub it in his face.
I had a shit fit when my wife got a puppy....now I don't go on vacations unless she is able to come. I have an amazing wife.
Well I did not want a cat
I can finally go to another town or whatever, and stay as late as I want. That was never true when there was a pet at home. If anyone was rude enough to try to saddle me with a pet, they would get an ear full. The pet would leave with them, it doesn't have to go to their home, but it can't stay here.
Alternate music suggestion:

No, you can't always get what you want

You can't always get what you want

You can't always get what you want

But if you try sometime you find

You get what you need
My dad was actually honest about this.

"I love dogs, I just don't want the responsibility of taking care of one."
don't worry about me, i'm just trying to see the "family gets dog anyway" meme in the comments
Dad: Doesn't want puppy
Family: Gets puppy anyway
Dad and puppy:
Deep down he did. If you have a dad who does not want a dog, you are not getting a dog.
[End of the Story](https://m.webtoons.com/en/slice-of-life/national-dog-day/end-of-the-story-lunarbaboon/viewer?title_no=747&episode_no=30&webtoon-platform-redirect=true) 
By u/lunarbaboon
:’(
Having a dog is a wonderful feeling but losing it hurts more than not having one.
Yeah I agree with the person who said we would get too attached. I didn’t want a dog that my gf at the time wanted because I knew I would love the dog too much and now.. I spoil the dog. But hey, shit works out.
I like their best friend theme music.
No one wants a new friend they they will someday have to say goodbye to for the final time.
Im telling tou my dad will be like this
I like when he bounces it on his lap like a baby.
We get attached to the pets because we end up doing all of the work and they realize that we're taking care of us. Also, they're usually the only other living things that show us affection.
Just because someone doesn't want the responsibility of a pet doesn't mean they'll hate them. I absolutely do not want a dog because I know they require more work and attention than I am able or willing to give. But if you shove a puppy in my face imma pet the fuck out of the adorable little thing.
This is from tic tok
We love all of our pets - however you could save a lot of money for vacations or other expenses if you don’t have pets. Maybe this dad was thinking about his family budget. If you take very good care of your animals it can get pricey!
It’s a fallacy that dads don’t want dogs because they don’t like them...

Dads don’t want dogs because they die in 15 years and it’s the most painful feeling imaginable.
I think Dads never want pets coz when they get sick or have to be put down, Dad has to deal with it. That's how it was in my house anyway.
Puppy wanted a dad
In one scene he looks like he’s planning to do something evil then a few scenes later he’s clearly violating the puppy.
This dad *said* he didn't want a puppt
I hear someone describe it a way that made sense to me, most Dad's don't want a puppy because they know they are going to be the ones who actually take care of it but when they get the puppy they really enjoy the affection because Dad's normally don't get much love.
“This dad did not want a puppy to ever leave his side because he loves it so much”
They probably didn't want a kid either but they loved you.
Do we have a sub for dads that "don't want pets"? If not, it would be fantastic! :D love these!
It's kind of like my boyfriend who didn't want a guinea pig. Now he's just as obsessed with our 2 girls as I am!
Oh my goodness, this little puppy! I can't handle this shit.
The good ones never do
Pigs on the wing playing in the background. Baked as shit. Perfection
As cute as this looks.. it's also strangely erotic
Do not confuse lack of cruelty toward an animal with willing acceptance of the momentous responsibility that comes with owning one.  Just because he doesn't bash its head in with a brick doesn't mean he's any happier with the time and money he's sacrificing.

Forcing a pet on someone is so beyond fucked up.  The fact that he gives it affection doesn't make that less true.
My mom has hated every single dog we have ever gotten... until three months into it. Then she falls in love. It happens every time! We just ignore her now when we go to get a new dog and she says “no, I don’t like this dog” because we know she will LOVE it eventually.
Im cryin
Silly dad.
Just like my dad, 18 years of dad can I have a pet..  I had moon for 16 years, she was my girl all the way. But my dad did ton for her. When we moved he took the door off the basement and cut a hole in the bottom so she could go up and down the stairs with no trouble. He even left a little light on in the basement so she could see and feel safe... 18 years of dad can I have a pet.. thanks Dad for being awesome.
Love this! Curious, what's the sound track to this clip?
please read my post
Puppies find out which human was least excited about them and purposely make best friends with them.

My shepherd is 90lbs.  My mom prefers little dogs.  Every time we're at my parents' house, she tells him "no", but he jumps in her lounge chair with her and loves on her.

It started as genuine protest, but she clearly loves him now.
My dad's a total hard-ass. We had to work years for him to finally start showing some emotions, but apart from the basic dad joke every now and then he's pretty quiet.

When we had to put our dog down him and my uncle were both completely devastated. Luckily my uncle's cats are still chilling in the backyard rather often, so whenever he thinks he knows we're not looking, he'll give them a treat or a quick pet.
A tale as old as time
I think one of the reasons you often find guys falling utterly in love with the animal and not being to help is due to this weird affection stuff, where men tend to be afraid to accept it or not sure how to ask for it.

The animal just ignoring any societal expectations and snuggling up is incredibly liberating and probably one of the reasons you see the “dads” just somehow embracing them utterly
My dad always wanted a big dog like when he was younger. He was disappointed when we got a little multipoint instead. Now the dog follows him everywhere and my dad spoils the hell out of him
Bless his heart and bless this puppy.
That's adorable, but does anyone else see the issue with raising a labrador sized dog as a lap dog? They're cute as hell but when they're 40 kg and they are used to climbing on your lap it's not funny anymore.
This is not an appropriate use of Tame Impala.
How about a gigantic lap dog? Cause he will have that too. :)
He's charmed!!!
I swear I saw him hump the dog
Omfg
Dope song choice.
Tame imPAWla.
Happens all the time
OMG this is me! (Not really) I have that same exact flannel. Mine is so old it's falling apart. I also ended up with puppies...
Awww when he rocks the puppy like a baby!!! What an adorable relationship 🙂
Dads just don't want to pick up the poop or mess up their lawn.
Hes bouncing it like a baby 😁
How to get karma on r/aww:  
1. find cute video with older person featured  
2. "they didn't want [insert animal here]"  
3. ???  
4. Karma.
I get that it's really cute and all, but the idea of just bringing an animal home and going "ok I know we're supposed to be a unit but I made this decision for you, enjoy" is shitty.
fuck this entire thread.

I didn't want to cry tonight.
Based on what I've seen on reddit, dads are always lying when they say this.
 “This is my child now.”
STOP! A$$holes!!!!! My cat hasn’t been home 3 weeks! Stooooop!!!!!

Edit: she was literally born into my hands. 12 years ago. I’m like breaking down. Sorry. Yaal. Bye.
If you're wondering what song it is, it's 'The less I know the better' by Tame impala.
Look, just because they are caring to the puppy doesn't mean you should have gotten them one against their wishes.

Anyone who isn't a POS is gonna love the puppy once it's here. Respect ppls wishes guys. They may have reasons they aren't telling you, and when you thrust a literal life on them they will respond with kindness even if they weren't ready for that. And that's the problem.
What an awesome video!! Dogs are the BEST! Such love!
This is everything that’s right about this world!
And then he became an asshole again when it got big.
When i see that i go BOOM excited so r/aww
Just like the simulations
A puppy and Tame Impala, yep that'll do⬆️
You're looking at this all the wrong way. If he's got to pay for the food, vet bills, and other upkeep, then he sure as heck is gonna get his moneys worth of dog tax.
This guy looks familiar. Is he a pilot by chance?
The puppy life chose him
r/dadswhodidnotwantpets, has almost 100.000 subs
My dad was always completely adamant about never letting us get a pet. One day I went to my friends house down the street whose cat just gave birth and he had maybe 5 little kitties playing around. His parents asked if I wanted one. Knowing my dad would say no i pretended to call home and told them that he said yes. I took 1 kitty (who I named angie) in a cage and just brought it home. When my dad saw it I didnt have to even convince him at all, he just said ok.

After that the cat would always love to sleep on his belly and just chill with him and he loved her so much.
Love that song.
i don’t like when people say that dads don’t want dogs just because they don’t like them. I hate when people say that that’s not the reason. The reason is because one thing, they aren’t responsible enough for one. Second thing, THEY SHED SO MUCH HAIR. Last and final thing, they get too attached so that when the dog dies they have to suffer until they find another dog.
Another reason is the dad always gets stuck doing the work, Walks, baths, feeding...
Full Video !!!!
Literally every dad.
My old man is not one for surprises and he always tried to make it clear he didn't want any animals on his property to take care of. Which is completely understandable considering he grew up in rural Alberta where an animal had a specific purpose and had no such need in his house. But when I brought my dog home straight from the litter on Christmas day his face lite up and he was so excited and happy about having a dog. I take care of her, and pay for all of her needs, so she doesn't impede on him at all. But I know how happy he is having her in the house and it was the best thing I ever did for our household. Just wanted to say how much this reminded me of it.
It's because they know once the family gets the dog, dad will be the only one to clean up the poop.
Doesn't want to own a dog, and doesn't love dogs are two separate things...

I don't want to own a dog right now - they are a huge investment in time, money and responsibility that I just can't justify at this point in time, but you can bet that when I visit friends with dogs I am the first to be found sat on the floor with toy in hand, ignoring the boring adults in favour of the dog.
The way he strokes the dog at 00:10....lol, memories!
God I love Tame Impala
I want that puppy.
I fucking love this song. Puppy is beautiful as well.
Puppys are great, the real reason not to get them is because they can be crazy expensive (supplies/medical bills) and who seriously wanys to deal with shit that isn't your own...
This is me at the moment
*Me trying to convince my dad to get me a puppy*: *shows him this video* Look! This could be you!
I never wanted a dog.. Got my wife one ONE dog.. now we have 4.. man worse then crack I tell you..
Older men liking puppies could be a masculine version of "empty nest syndrome."
His response would be 
'if you damn kids look after and pay attention to the pup I wouldn't have to look after it!'

My mother said something similar to us kids.
Unless your dad is a complete piece of shit that is what happens, even when you force a Puppy on the family...

Mostly because it will be stuck on him doing all the raising and training and earning money for the food and toys.
It’s all fun and games until they grow up, get old and die and you’re crying like a baby because you were so attached
We don’t deserve dogs
Reminds me of that my dad didn't want a cat (RIP my Kitty) and we got it anyway. After 2 days, cat was sleeping on windowsill above my dad. When Kitty died my dad was crying the most (we had her for 3 weeks) which is weird, cause he did not cry when our dog died 3 years ago when he was 13 years old and 10 in our house.
Edit: I'm fine now cause I recovered
at 12 sec. it is like a porno)
Good song
I love tame impala but it's a weird addition
This dad did not want a baby!
THE ONLY time I have ever seen my dad cry was when our dog was dying.
 Dad doesn’t want dog:

Family gets dog anyway:

Dad and the dog:
Dad: I don’t want a dog

Dad and the dog:
As a dad who doesn't want a puppy.....I love puppies. Who the hell doesn't? But they're a shitload of work and I KNOW that I'm going to end up doing most of it. So I don't want a puppy. 

But if we get the damn thing anyways, you can bet your ass that he's gonna be my buddy.
finding myself in cinda the same situation as this guy. We got a cat that i didnt want. That doesnt mean that i refuse to pet or play with him i do. I still be happy to give him away.
You gotta make the best out of your shitty situation
Schnoodledoodledo, where aaaare youuu
Oh God, this was me with my parents' chihuahua. I wanted nothing to do with him when they announced they got one. 

Cue a few years later, and we're inseparable when I'm at their house. He even sleeps in my bed now for some midnight cuddles. He's honestly one of the sweetest dogs I've ever encountered and just his dumb company helped me so much during a burnout/depression, more than therapy did lol
ITT: You're doing more harm than good. Good job, asshole.
That looks like love.
 He needed that...i hope that dog makes him really happy
Dad's who didn't want a pet, and end up loving the pet, is such a powerful good vibe.
No. This is vexing.
Little tip, the collar can adjust in size. You don’t have to continue buying new ones

/s
My grandpa says he does not want my dog to stay at his house when we go on vacation but when we return he wants to keep her
experienced it with my dad and our dog
Lmao, as a younger man who loves animals, I'm convinced that it's every man's duty (those with kids or a family) to pretend that they hate every small creature that enters their home (I have no children at M/22😂)
EJECT NOW

ABANDON THREAD

WE ARE AT FEELS LEVEL GAMMA
My mom always freaks out when I tell her I want a cat. One day we were talking and apprently she had a orange cat when she was young. Lead her to admit that she adored her/him
Who wouldn’t want that dog its so nice
He wanted a DOG.
My parents went to go pick up a new puppy. They went to get one, but my dad say one of the other dogs was a sickly little thing and he just bought that one as well. We have two dogs now, we never had two dogs before.
That's cute but 0:10 looks... suggestive..
Dad and the dog:
He looks like my english teacher
 Dogs have ways of crawling into the stoniest of hearts
XD
