Immediately Friends for Life
I love how the puppy reacted back. Totally into it.
His mom must feel like she just won parenting
That was so heartwarming, honestly just made my day. <3
That reaction was absolutely priceless. I hope those two have a great time together.
You cry a little when you get them.  You cry a lot when you lose them. But the years in the middle are totally worth it.

Edit: Sorry. I get weepy when I think about my dogs so I can't respond to all of you individually. Just know that your pets loved you and that you had better lives for the friendship. I find that as time passes, I only remember the good times, rather than the tough times at the end. I hope this will be your experience as well.

Edit 2: Whoa, thanks for the Platinum, Gold, and Silvers. Hug your pets!
Aww!!!! I feel the love.
Little puppy kissing his happy tears away awwwww
The love between a boy and his dog is one of my favorite things in life. You can see the pup took to him instantly, too.  So dang adorable!

And yes, this made me cry those happy tears.
This brought tears to my eyes. I have an 8 yr old son with autism who has wanted a cat for about 4 years. I couldn’t get it because a family member was allergic to cats. When they moved out, i took him to go pick out a  Houston SPCA kitty. He picked the ugliest, scrawniest one, but she was the sweetest. I’m not sure where she was rescued from, but she had lost much of her fur due to a flea infestation  and was skinny. She looked more like a rat than a cat. My son doesn’t talk a whole lot, but while petting the cat that night, he said, “she’s the most beautiful creature in the world.” ❤️ 
We’ve had her now for about a month and her fur is growing back and she’s putting on weight.

Edit:
My first awards yay thanks!
You can see that immediate connection the dog feels and the amount of compassion and love the boy has for the dog. It’s a match made in heaven
So sweet. He and that dog are going to love each other
Nearly crushes his little paws when he fell to his knees, lol. Also, why am I crying?
It's fascinating to see how the dog bonded so quickly.
faaaackk who turned on the water works!? this is wholesome af
Why why why did you post it without sound ?
That is the sweetest reaction I have seen in a long time


How lovely!
Hello my new hooman, I will love you and lick your tears.
Bawled like a baby. Me, I mean.
Oh i wish there was audio, this was so nice to see. Made my day, copied or not.
[My name is Dug.  I have just met you, and I love you.](https://youtu.be/3zfJvTXKdsg)
i am the pup - am kinda scare

don't know this place i'm going...

don't understand the why or where

but comfort she is showing

she saying things so soft to me,

says 'someone wants me here'...

i wonder what 'someone' could be -

n then a Boy appear!

i heard about these things called 'boys' -

i always hoped for one!

Oh, look! *you gonna share your toys?!*

C'mon - it will be Fun!!

he Crying... oh, come here, new friend -

i wanna lick your tears!

i gonna make your sadness end

hey, 

can i taste *your ears??!*

❤️
THIS MADE MY DAY IM CRYING IM SO HAPPY
This is just so wholesome. I love it ❤
Every kid should have a dog.
"Hi! I am dog. Would you like a best friend forever?"
I'm a 32 year old dude and that would probably be my reaction to getting a dog.
I love how the scene switches from him glued to his game to joy & emotion towards his new puppy🐶 I love that💕 so beautiful🌷
Is there a sub that’s just kids melting the fuck down like three mile island when they get a pet?
Awww!  The pup licking away the tears was just too cute!
Oh my!!!  That's so sweet!
[removed]
i love how the dog automatically loves him, waggin' his little tail and shit
[deleted]
they bonded so fast!!! friends forever :’)
I needed this today.
Wholesome content. Dogs like dude it’s ok!!!
That’s just so adorable 🥺
New puppies are usually timid and fearful in a new environment, but this one loved that boy the instant they met.  He must be a wonderful person (:
I propose we give every kid about this age a dog and film their reaction. Those with the biggest hearts qualify for roles in government when they grow up. This kid can be president.
Such joy. the puppy loves you so much already!
That's the appropriate response
That's gotta be the best reaction I've ever seen!
r/wholesome
I’m getting a human!!
Awwwww... new BFFs
So touching!
Well thats wholesome
[deleted]
This is too wholesome and too adorable for me to handle!
That is such pure emotion and joy.
Lil dude went and got me crying this morning.
>Cries

>Proceeds to almost crush dogs skull with his knees
iM nOt cRyInG yOuRe cRyIng

wHoS cUtTiNg OnIoNs iN HeRe?

tHeReS SoMeThInG iN mY Eye

yOu mUsT bE fUn aT pArTiEs

YiKeS
You made my day! I hope they are friends forever!
They're going to be the best of frens
Love at first sight 💙
Wow the instant connection between those two is so sweet. Almost made a grown man tear up lol
The instant tail wags too!
I need weekly updates on this lad and his pupper for my happiness
Only a handful of times in my life I have felt so moved and happy watching a video on the internet. Thank you!  Mankind might not be totally lost yet
Instant best friends!
Thats just Heartwarming. Thanks for the wholesom content! 🤗
I absolutely understand that little guy. Wish them a happy time together and lots of adventures.
“Don be sad fren I am your pupper”
I don’t really like kids... but seeing kids cry out of pure joy/happiness gets me every fucking time. This made my day
[Reminds me of this....](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOpOhlGiRTM)
Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
Is there a r/happycryingkids?
That is a kid that's going to love that dog forever.
Two precious babies! Oh, my heart!
What we parents have to do these days to get kids to put down the damn phone!
I love these videos every single time. Keep me coming. *ties off arm*
Yea, they definitely were made for eachother.
This is so heartwarming.
So fucking wholesome
That puppy is going to be so loved! <3

And so is the boy, for that matter. Dogs are priceless companions!
So much awww
I fucking love dogs mate....absolute bro's.
Good.
I love animals soo much.
They already besties
You about made a grown man cry
Best friends forever
This is the cutest thing!
Holy shit. That was precious.
My first act as owner of this dog is to crush it with my knee.
I needed this today. Thanks OP
Right in the feels!
That's just beautiful man.
I hope these two become the best of friends
Even the PUPPY's  reaction here is amazing!
this made me say "awww" outloud. no shame
This is so wholesome. The beginning of a new friendship that’s really hard to separate!
The little puppy is so happy! My girl was like that too when we first brought her home
And the puppy just immediately loved him just as much as he loved it.. awesome. So awesome.
I thought he was going to immediately go back to his game. There is hope for the world. Thanks, Internet.
This is nice
This made me tear up. What a beautiful life it is!
You know it got real when the game went down.
Please world, don’t destroy this boy’s sensitivity!
Is there a way to give two upvotes?
Is this my human? *sniff* yep.
That puppy already accepted him.

"Aww yiss, you're my fren now"
That’s the type of kid who actually deserves a dog. I bet he was super pumped to learn all of the tasks and chores related to having a dog!
Two sweet baby angels!
It’s so special to see the moment two best friends meet
Oh man, you know without a doubt that dog has gotten a good home. Excited for them.
This warmth my heart.
This is the content I’ve been waiting for.
Dog already knows who his human is
My heart.......💞
Imagine the difference in gratitude from this child to a child whose parents get them everything under the sun.
Just witnessed the beginning of a lifelong friendship.  That is the best thing I have seen today!
3 things which drastically improve child development:

1. Having a sibling 

2. Growing up with a pet

3. Participating in a sport or active club

—————————————/////——————
I am 30 years old and this is 100% how I would react to getting a dog
you can see them connect right away. the puppy is like "yep,  this is my person"
Ok so I just made an account to upvote on this and aaaaaaawwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
That pup is gonna have a friend for life. 
May both of them have long and fruitful lives together, your first dog leaves lasting impressions. If I listen realllll close, I can almost still hear Buster barking in the distance haha.
Puppy says "Hey, you know that feeling in your heart right now? I will feel that way every time you come home for the rest of my life!"

This made my day. Genuinely love how the pup seems to know the boy is his human.
I see dog I upvote
This dog is going to have the most amazing life.  How utterly precious.
Best friends forever
That kid is basically sitting on that electric flyswatter without a single fuck to give lmao
God damn that hurt so good lol
I love this boy
Hi Hooman. Why is your face wet? I love you.
[deleted]
This just made my day! What a wonderful reaction! They're gonna have a great life together!
The is is me, but my family never got dogs :(
Nice!!!
Dogs are so pure
Almost smushed him with his knee. Reaction would have changed real quick, but would have been seamless since he was already crying
This was beautiful
The best!
For the first time I watched I cried cause it's fricking cute. But then I tried one second time, and cried again..... Ok, need to leave AWW for a while to have some work done.
That is absolutely heartwarming. I guarantee you that boy and the dog are gonna be best friends for life.
I could watch kids happy cry over pets all day.
WHOLESOME
Little man was pretty happy. Dogs are awesome
Which dog breed is this?
When the dog starts trying to cheer him up all I heard was “from this moment on we are gonna be best friends”
Well that brings me back
That puppy and boy are going to be the BEST friend, I can feel the love already!
OMG stop.  I'm not supposed to cry at work!!!!
Ahhhh!  Damn, I needed that!  Thanks for the Warm Fuzzy.
I am so happy,this made my day.Btw. I have exam tommorow wish me luck!!!
Anyone know what dog breed this is?
Instant best friends
this made me tear up! :’)
Puppies just have that natural reaction. It's called unconditional love.
I've seen a bunch of similar videos of kids breaking down into happy tears when getting a new pet, and it always amazes me! I feel like I didn't have the ability to cry from happiness at that age? Or at least it didn't happen to me until I was basically an adult. Sad tears, sure. But happy tears felt like a more complex emotional experience for me...
was not allowed to have a dog when i was a kid. fuck that and i'll never forgive them. 

dont deny the joy your kids deserve. bc you end up sulking over it for a lifetime.
I don't know why, but seeing kids cry out of joy is so incredibly moving to me. I guess it's because I see it as a mature, adult response. When I was a child, I cried when I was sad or scared, but I don't think I ever reliably cried out of happiness until I was much older.  It takes a certain degree of sensitivity to respond that way, and I find it so sweet.
And that video is precisely the point - the universality of Love. May every politician who is currently trying to divide us and show differences please see this beautiful clip and be reminded that we don’t have to hate.
home boy almost crushed his pupper
So overcome by emotion he went full fetal
That’s the most adorable thing I’ve seen in a long time. Good mommy! Good boy! Good doggie! My favorite part is when son put down video games. I wonder if this would work on my video game obsessed boy?
Look at how fast that phone goes down. Few things beat the raw destructive power of a brand new puppy. People have been experiencing this kind of happiness for centuries. Makes me feel like life isn’t so bad sometimes.
grateful kids are the best
Aww and the way the puppy accepts him as his best friend!
thanks, i cried
The dog KNEW. It knew.
I love that the  puppy was so quick to show him some love.  The two of them are so sweet.
Made me tear up just watching.  So sweet
Friendship at first sight 😊
You can already see they'll be friends forever
Folded like an accordion
You can just tell these two are going to become soulmates
Omg his joyful tears, so sweet. Have fun with your new pup little guy!
Yes, yes hooman bow before me
Yep I'm crying. Priceless, they are loyal like no human will ever be!! Enjoy your new baby brother or sister :-)
That dog will be so loved ♥️♥️
now that's a good boy.
Just proves how much our children and us are deprived of love, we might be accustomed to this sterile world we live in but the young haven't been Indoctrinated yet. the nature of humans seen in it's realest form in children,before they're corrupted. Is a testament to the power of love over everything.
Oh my God that reminds me of being a kid and getting a puppy. The first time it climbs up nibbling/licking your ear is magical.
That kid’s reaction has made my whole week!
Little hooman why you cry? We're going to be best friends now!
Amazing
Rly like how the doggie loves him instantly aswell... Really heartwarming
The feels. Omg the feels. Tears galore.
I’m a 26 year old single man who one would not consider particularly “sensitive” I suppose...and this just made me cry thanks man sheesh

Really though such a great reaction from the kid, made me get out of bed to go hug my kitty
This made me cry. It reminded me of how empathetic dogs are, they intuitively know if you are sad and will come over to cheer you up. This puppy doesn’t know this kid but know be he needs a friend.
Don't cry hooman!
"boy cry. Must be hungry. I will comfort."
Dog: "Hooman has tears...must wag tail and lick tears away...also...ears...can chew them..."
Hello new fren. Oh, cars! Oh, a sock! Oh, you have the sad. I will give you licks. No... just... hold on... I just... I will give you licks... I just need to be... just a little taller...
Missouri tried to pass a law requiring everyone to own an AR15.  I propose every kid needs a puppy.
awwwhhh, i remember getting my pupper, he was very shy @ the start, but now he does slammy wammies everytime i come home.

The tail waggle & licking his face is so cute the pupper is literally saying "you're my buddy for life now"
Did he like it?
The little dude is so happy to be there!
Dont let your father adopt DIO
I understand you're overwhelmed with joy but please watch where you drop your knees son.
Honest maybe silly question: is it normal for people -adults or children- to cry in situations about positive news or gifts? I have never personally witnessed or experienced it. I thought the normal reaction would be excitement and joy but crying (even tears of joy) seems... too much? Thoughts?
Damn...the excitement
Immediately puts down phone.
Devastated with happiness.
His face was priceless
This hit me right in the heart :)
What a good dog and kid, the kid is super gentle, and the puppy immediately wants to lick the crying kid. Match made in heaven!
They're going to be good friends. I just know it.
Wholesome as fuck. Have a great day, everyone
Look at that little puppa, he loves him already. Dogs are amazing.
I was 20 when I first got my puggy, I cried far more than this kid.
I'M TOTALLY NOT CRYING RIGHT NOW
Some things never get old
Puppy is thinking, "I'm scared, what is this place, it doesn't smell like home... wait, what's this?  A crying human? I have a mission in life!  Let me wag my tail.  I bet a kiss will make this crying human feel better.... Mmm, I could make a life doing this."
My boys (14 and 10) have been begging for a dog for over a year. I've avoided it because I know husband and I will end up with all the work.

And then I watch videos like this and immediately want to go to the shelter and get a puppy for them. Because I know in my heart my youngest would cry tears if joy and they would love that dog more than anything.
First thing the pup does is give the little fella a lick when he's crying. We don't deserve dogs...
Omfg that is the best I remember when I got a dog when there app puppies and at there cutest ah god the memories are comin back I wish I had a puppie again there fun
That's a memory that will last for the rest of his life.
Goddamn man no need to make a man shed a tear in the middle of work, just a beautiful moment hope they have many great times together
 This is heartwarming as can possibly be, you deserve a lifetime award
Dog is like NOPE NOT ALLOWED TO BE SAD!!!! Only laughs here!!
Thank you Unicef! 😥
This is so cute. But why did someone give an eggplant as a medal?
I'm 51.  Pretty much still my reaction around puppies.
Omg the love in that room.  Lifelong friendship commence!
Looks just like my first dog. He could run. Damn idiot though. Got out the front door and hit a car, not a typo he hit the car. Left a dent and broke his leg. Loved that dog.
Beginning of a lifetime of friendship
Fuccc yeahjhj
I hate it when people say this, but this is the content that keeps me coming back to Reddit; the shit that has me smiling like an idiot on the train home from work.
Great, now I'm sitting in the middle of a very busy airport trying not to cry.  This has got to be the cutest video ever!
What a lovely reminder of how simple and pure love can be!
You can see the moment the dog figured out who his favorite human for life was gonna be.
SOMEONE GIVE THAT DAMN KID A HUG
I react the same way when I get done a 24 hr. shift and my lab is waiting at the door for me.
Got them to put their phone down for 15 consecutive seconds! It's a record
im glad it was caught on camara , did you see how fast he put the phone down !
This gives me tears of joy. 

It feels like the circle of life. I’ve recently lost mine and I feel it every day.
Dog: DID WE JUST BECOME BEST FRIENDS?
When my then boyfriend (now husband) and I went to pick up a dog we saw this big beautiful German Shepard mix and he had had a rough life considering he was only 4 years old and an owner surrender. He had just been released to the adoption center the day we saw him because he had been battling heart worm. He was a little shy with me but immediately LOVED my husband. It was like this video. Mingo came around quickly and he was the sweetest, and slightly neurotic dog. We cherished our 4 years with him
Dogs are the fucking best
He's so gentle with the puppy too! Love that!
that dog is gonna love that kid and the same back
That’s a best friend right there!
The way he buckled to the floor... dear god I need some kleenex
You can just see that they are best friends already!
They are going to be best friends. Tailwag is proof
I'm not sure who seems sweeter.  The kid or the dog.  Best friends now, no doubt.
I'm not crying, you are
Oh man watching that felt good.
It melted my heart how the puppy licked his knees and quickly became friendly as soon as it was placed on the floor.

Dogs are the best.
Someone stop cutting onions...please...
It's very clear who's dog that really is
Instant Best Friends
A most beautiful moment@)
Sweet boy 😭😭😭
Totally genuine and heartfelt!!
When he fell on the floor and the dog licked him :')
They each just earned a best friend for life :)
I've watched this multiple times. That's some real instant, unconditional love right there. From the kid and the puppy. It's heartwarming.
Is there a version with sound please?
This is the best thing I've ever seen. Hyperbole yes, but damn. It's close!
Don't cry, human puppy, I'll be your friend *forever!*
That's the most beautiful thing i saw on the internet today. I need a soul too. .. just that cute puppy.. ^_^
Hell ya, new best friend!
Even if someone gave me a billion dollars I don't think I'd be this happy .
That boys will now know the love of a loyal dog.
That is the most beautiful collapse of a human being I have ever seen.
As awesome as the entire clip is, my favorite part is how he went from that addicted phone look to just dropping it in an instant. I know most people are probably watching this video on their phones but holy shit people, we gotta get off these screens.
I was thinking "this is a good way to get a kid to put his phone down," when I realized that my poor dog is curled up against my shoulder, while I'm on my phone...
PET THE DAMN KID
One sweet soul deserves another :')
I react like this to other people’s dogs
Sound! Dear God I need sound!!!
That is the absolute only reaction anyone should have when being gifted a dog. Completely understandable.

That being said, im a 30 year old male watching this and dropping tears.

Excuse me while a punch an old lady to feel like a man again.
Inspired by our dear Schnoodle








I am da pup, this world am new

But am glad sure that i met u!

Ur eyes r wet let me lick them gone

We now r forever bond

Be with me all my life


We get into troubles, fun mischief and strife

But tll the end one thing tis true

That i the pup forever love u
Woooo a dog, aaaaaand you've sat on it.
At 27 seconds in he almost no longer had a dog...
Christ he almost crushed it
If this didn't make you smile.  Fuck you.
Best friends were born that day
Thank you, I needed that today
Why are my eyes so wet.
He's so happy oh my gosh I'm gonna cry
Did anyone else kinda freak out as he almost fell on the dog
Good thing the doggo wasn’t any closer when the kid dropped both knees to the floor with his eyes closed, that was a close call
Egon: "Now let's see what happens when we take the puppy away."
My eyeballs are suddenly sweaty after watching this 😭😭😭
And we shall call him Onions
This is how we gets the kids off their smartphones.
That kid literally broke under the pure joy in his heart. Awesome
Videos of people getting surprised with dogs make me cry every single time
That was getting dangerously close to /r/petthedamndog territory.
OMGoodness! Tears of complete joy, they are definitely going to be best friends forever!
Never wanted sound more.
Never wanted sound more.
Dogs are love and happiness reincarnated
Oh it's too sweet- it hurts! What a precious little beauty boy. Puppy's pretty cute too.
source?
The way he’s so gentle with the dog too.
This was so heartwarming!!!!

Then i’d imagined this kid cries sound like 
[this](https://youtu.be/CqWjLsmikq4) 

and now I can’t stop laughing.
This is everything!!
Good boy gets a good boy...;o)
True emotions. Love it. They will be best buds
People getting surprised with dogs always makes me so happy.
Omg I love this video. Pure joy.
I love the way he dropped the phone that every kid is addicted to these day's like it was a hot potato.
"I just met you and I love you!"
Keanu Reeves approved moment
John Wick happy noises
🥰
Jeez. So fucking wholesome.
Dog: woow man this is scary so many new things

Human falls to his knees crying.

Dog: yeeeeeey friends!!!
Goddamit, you guys! I'm at work! You can't make me cry like that!
I wish I had money so I could give this an award
Aw. I wish I could be this happy
It took that dog 1.4 seconds to love him.
This is how i greet my dog every day when I get home.
aw <3
They are gonna be the bestest of buds <3
they’re going to be the best of friends
Wagging tails 👍👍👍👍😎
Shit like this just melts my cold heart.
Instant best buds
I'M NOT CRYING, HE'S THE ONLY ONE CRYING, I'M A BIG MAN
That's true happiness right there.
Awww. The puppy is like, don't cry buddy, we're b gonna be best friends!!!
damn this dog instantly loved the kid. this reminds me of how badly i wanted a dog as a kid. i used to watch that dog training show with the old white guy, not the hispanic guy. i watched it for years and never got a dog.
Watching that kids reaction made my vision blurry.
When I saw the title, I told myself I WOULDNT FUCKING CHOKE UP BUT GODDAMNIT, EVERY SINGLE TIME
I'm not crying, you're crying. Love this ♥️
Bonded from the moment they meet. That is something precious.
Puppy will be well loved
What a beautifully touching video❣️ My eyes are still leaking...
This makes my heart happy
Great now I'm ugly crying at my desk!
He wanted a cat.
i'm not crying, you are
0:25 that could have ended very poorly for the dog
This is the shit I need yo see
everybody should get a doggo, especially when you have children! teaches them responsibility and other good qualities!
R/kidsgettingapuppy. Please
Aww so beautiful
Omg they're already best friends, I love it
That’s so awesome!!
So heartwarming to see genuine joy and happy tears!

That puppy will be loved <3
Fuck, my heart wasn't ready for that :')
Love begets love. ♥
Yessssss!!!! Dogs are fucking ace!!!
Holy shit this is adorable.
Dogs are the definition of “Unconditional Love”... just got my first dog a few months ago and this mad me tear up seeing how much love this dogs gonna give this kid
That kid was scrolling on Reddit that’s why he got the dog
r/Eyebleach
Is there sound?
Omg! Pure and total joy for both of them. What a special moment to have captured.
The heart and pure joy of this child is priceless!
A child and a new puppy. One of the most beautiful relationships ever.
You don't even need sound to appreciate this moment.
The child and the pup are both experiencing maximum emotion. <3
Aww. Sweet kiddo. Here’s to the most amazing friendship you’re about to build. ❤️
As he almost crushes the puppy when sliding to the ground, 🤦🏻‍♂️
I hope he takes great care of the dog and they have a wonderful life of friendship 😄
Love at first sight. Those two are gonna get an amazing relationship
God, I love puppies. They don’t care who or what you are, they instantly and unconditionally love you.

I really want to own a dog again and I know my wife wants one in the coming years or so, but I can’t help but feel I wouldn’t be up to the task now.
Damn this is good
Best thing I’ve ever, ever, seen. Thank you so much.
This made me cry. that boy deserved that dog.
This is 100% how I would react if someone brought me a puppy.
he almost kneekicked the puppy
Wow, thx. You just made my day.
God damn Reddit always making the water works come out
I have a strong feeling that dog will be treated bette Ethan some dogs who live under the ownership of rich people in first world countries (excuse the assumption). Very heartwarming!
This is so fucking wholesome
made me cry too
His pops just raised the bar soooo high, that the child may never again reach this level of happy!!!
'DUN CRY HOOMAN IM DOG"
That dog will have the best life 😀
[deleted]
Damn thanks for making me cry in the middle of my schools library
Aww bless him, he just got a new bestest friend ever!
If I ever make my kids this happy... even once... I will have won.
Beautiful moment!!
i feel better thank you.
My heart! It’s melted!
What’s up with puppies always going for the ears. Cool video otherwise.
#PUPPO ACQUIRED
Best friends for life!!
I wanted this moment as a kid/teen my whole life. 

It never happened. 

My parents don’t like animals... makes me really happy for this kid :)
Aww I cried when I got a puppy too, it’s a shame she died at 6 months

                                        R.I.P Bella
Is there a link with audio? This video is amazing!
Almost crushed the dog immediately with his knees
Dang what a baby
So cherishing! The look on the boys face and the puppy's reaction are priceless. Thank you!
Me if I ever get a dog, and I'm 25.
I’m glad his knee didn’t hit the puppy’s paw
How he’s way happier when he got his dog than ok his phone I feel like you people don’t know how that feels anymore
Heart warming if you know the feeling. Congradulations and take care of it
The moments between “wtf is that?” And “omg, is that a puppy for me??” That happens in the first five seconds of this is my favorite. Such a wholesome moment that I can’t wait to share if I am ever so blessed ❤️
Not going to lie, I had a r/PetTheDamnDog crisis for a moment there but the pay off was absolutely worth it
I didnt like my dog much when i met him cuz his belly was still hairless and i didnt want to pick him.up.. i was a stupid kid. But then the first time i was alone with him we were playi g and he ripped a hole in my brand new sleeping bag. I was so mad i left the house with my precious blanket and sat on the bench by the pond, so upset. Then i noticed little spike looking at me from behind the shed. He was sorry. I loved that dog so much after that. I gave him the blanket and it was his bed for a long time. I miss my dog. I miss Spike
And so begin many years of best friendship, snoring on the couch together, and cold doggy nose kisses.
Puppy almost got KOed on day one by a strong knee
I'm a curmudgeon... Plus we have a 12 week old puppy... The whole time I'm watching, thinking he's gonna pee on you or the floor and you need to take him outside.
"Is ok, smol hooman, I is here, no cry! :)"
Congratz kiddo, you just got unconditional love and devotion for the rest of your dogs' life! Take good care of that lovely pup.
I've been thinking about getting a medium sized dog any suggestions for dog breeders in ontario
The content we NEED
That kid has wanted a dog for a long time.
Made me tear up over here. Woof!
First meeting of child and pup

I really needed this pick-me-up

Undisguisèd tears of joy

From one lucky little boy
So sweet.
The human race has done nothing to deserve  dogs, change my mind.
Omg sooo sweeeeeet I’m ded
True love
This reminds me of when I got my white lab at 17 years old. He's over 10 now and has been my best friend when I had no one else. This brought tears to my eyes at work.
When you’re at a party and your friend found the new puppy
i cri 😢❤️
Not gonna lie this wet my eyes
Reminds me of when I was surprised at Christmas with a puppy when i was 10. He’ll never forget that moment.
Look at me! Im the mom now.
Okay! Fiine! You win the internet today.
Is that our boy [Ja'Myron](https://imgur.com/Qu8GoS9)?
Good timing on the cut.   That puppy was for sure looking for something to pee on.
wow. That dog looked it was programmed to do the best, most helpful, loveable thing to bond with that boy. Jesus what a happy kid .. from glazed eyes staring at a fucking phone to ... that
ok, which one of you fuckers are cutting onions right now?
<---- 34 year old man in business attire about to go close a deal. Just started crying...
Why does his make my eyes all wet
'hooman why u cry?'
I wish someone loved me like that.
Who is cutting onions!?
Idk. Seemed a bit fake to me.
This is truly one of the most beautiful scenes i have ever witnessed.  This touched my heart  so deeply. I wish a life of joy and love for this young man and his new best friend.
Oh my heart. I can’t stop crying over this purest form of love and happiness.
Omg so wholesome and heartwarming omg. Shut the fuck up and grow up
I love seeing things like this and as a big 33 year old burly mans man, i'm usually a pretty good sport and can keep my composure when I see them. Not this time. I'm over here bawling like weird man baby at work rn.
Godammit now I'm crying
WHO'S CUTTING ONIONS IN HERE
Those two just instantly soul bonded for life
That felt so good, thank you. BFF's - reminds me of my boy.
You too have some dust in you eye?
The dog almost got crushed right away
No one:

Battlefront heroes when they die:
Best friends in the making
WE'RE GONNA BE BEST FRIENDS FOREVER!!! - in my head
aww
instant best friend
Aww it is obvious they will love each other deeply :)
This is so wholesome
Looks like they’ll be good friends!
Yes! Tears of joy.
Hands down best thing I’ve seen all year, thanks for sharing
"Puppo make tears n ears better, buddy!"
From chill to confused to shocked to crying to happy
Moved my heart
Damn it this made me cry ugh I wasn’t ready for that.... *saves post*
Well, they're going to be best friends.
Holy shit, that’s precious 🥰
How absolutely precious this video is :)
That was beyond awesome
He dropped that phone pretty quick. Love it.
No, I’m not crying you are!
I cried.
"we're family now"
I'm not crying. You're crying.
For the first time in 30 years, I cried today. God bless them both.
It's too early in the morning to die, yet alas, there there I am
Damn now I’m crying on the toilet
That pup knows its job.

"Don't crying! Being happy with me!"
Aw man I cant watch videos like this at work anymore! I need to hide my tears❤
Homie gets a dog and vanished into an emotional void
I wish someone would react to getting *me* that way
He's actually allergic. His sinuses are fucked.
im a 31 year old lady and would absolutely sob uncontrollably if i was ever given a puppy.
I love it how the puppy jumps right in there to make sure he feels better. That's going to be a great dog.
Ya love to see it
Damn powerful. Got the kid right off the phone.
That's the best feeling right there
Every kids needs a dog
I love seeing kids cry when they get a dog! It's the purest thing! May they have a long and happy future together.
Why is this kid sitting right next to the electric flyswatter?
I’m crying miss my dog soooooooooooMUCH
Every boy needs a dog.
The absolute cessation of mental function when he goes to the ground is too relatable.
God damn this shit was so much better than I expected 10/10
I'm not crying. You're crying!
amazing!
Wow I'm at work and people are wondering why I just teared up lol
This is too wholesome. I can't handle it. I hope those two make lots of fantastic memories together! Best buds forever!
yeah i'm not crying.. lol
From tears to laughter and smiles after a matter of licks
What a great kid. Thats appreciation for you. Marevllous to see
"You were supposed to get a kitten!"

Collapses from emotions
That was just about the sweetest thing.
I see Unicorns and a hole lots of peepee.
Remembering all the wardogs during the spanish inquisition hits You hard
Awwww ...... They both cute ❤️
I love this. Here’s to a happy doggo-human life together
So cute!
I'd really like to see this with sound, too cute
I literally cried!

Their happiness warmed my heart! 💕💕💕
It was love at first sight :)
Well I gonna cry
I think the boy is happy, or he just pray to the dog
Well if this aint the purest thing I’ve ever seen...
My heart😭😭
Triple cry emoji T_T
Now this made me cry
That was my reaction when my mother gave me my little baby dog
His name is Pucho y now He's 9 y/o
I'm a proud mom/sister
So sweet!! 🥰
Yes get down and pray to the dog for he is your source of happiness in this world
Phone bad boy, dog good boy
Ooooh whose got the reverse gif showing a boy pretending to cry about his puppy being taken away only to go right back to playing on his phone...
I’m actually in tears. THIS IS SO CUTE!!
Pls someone play this in reverse
I thought he was gonna crush him with his knees
I’m not crying you are
Damn you and my tears. Take the upvote.
The amount of time that Reddit has caused me to cry while pooping, is too damn High!
This is the sweetest thing ever. They are both absolutely adorable!
This is beautiful
This enough to make a grown man cry
[https://thumbs.gfycat.com/GlumDeterminedCobra-mobile.mp4](https://thumbs.gfycat.com/GlumDeterminedCobra-mobile.mp4)
Fuck. Children are flexible...
I knew this was going to make me cry and god dammit I watched it anyway
Im crying dude fuck
I MISS MY FUCKING DOGS MAN
Every kid should have a dog. Every dog should have a kid.
I love the universal happy reaction of - "please don't look at my face"
I'm crying too. And I know damn well I'd cry a river if this happened to me
I don’t know that I’ve ever been that happy about anything.  It would be sad if I was and forgot.  lol
and thus, an amazing story of friendship had begun
Good boi is like “LEMME LIK DEM TEARS, YOU DONT NEED EM”
Joy in its purest form!!
I find it cute/funny that sometimes a puppy's first impression of a human is crying. like "jeeze this human is emotional whats the big deal"
my heart 🤭 this is beautiful
That dog loves him and he loves the dog. Both the dog and the little boy now have a life-long best friend.
Brought tears to my eyes; awesome post, OP!
That made me grin. Precious.
THIS IS TOO FUCKING CUTE AGAHAEJWBW
This is the best.
dogs are the absolute best he's like "hey buddy why the crying \*lic, lic, lic\*"
Right in the feels
That is so pure!
Yay
Pure love
I love this, but damn he 'bout ended it with that knee drop.  Careful, kiddo.
This is one of the cutest things I have ever seen in my entire life, thank you
They're about to have the best years of their lives together. I'm so happy for them, kid seems like he'll live for that pup, and visa versa.
I should really dust. Oh, my heart!
That dog loves him so much
I like how the dogs doesn't just walk away like a cat would
This is the cutest thing I've seen in a long time! The child's reaction is so pure!
Thanks for the heart melt.
Why do you cry?
Instant bond👍🏻
This is the best eye bleach I’ve ever seen
Oof. Who’s cutting onions!?!??
Mosquito killer electric racket - check  
rider flip flops - check  
porcelain laid tiles - check  
*caramel stray pupper -* check  
This is Brazil alright. Vira-lata caramelo^(tm)
I’m crying too 😭😍
Love at first sight
oh boy
This is beyond beautiful :')
Is that not how everyone reacts to getting a dog?
Raw joy is contageous. Have some silver!
“Now start training the dog to fight son”
dogs are best
Everyone liked that
That is going to be one happy couple.
And here I am crying in the bathroom stall at work.
What is the matter human? Why your face leak, I lick for you.
Whose cutting the onions?
It's a terrible day for rain..
KNEEL BEFORE DOG!
That’s just beautiful
Holy fucking shit that was wholesome
This is precious ❤️
Ok now I want a dog too!
Awesome! 👍
You can tell they’re gonna be the best of friends.
saved him from a life of iOS bloatware minigames
We just watched them become best friends
Wow, those are some steel knees
BFFs
This was so, so beautiful.
Awww that’s so sweet! And the puppy is like; what’s the matter silly boy, I wanna play, here let me lick your ear. 🥰
Getting a best friend within 10 seconds of meeting someone can be an emotional experience
Who is cutting onions again :/
So precious. My eyes just about watered up
Instant best friends!  That made me cry....
Why's he so sad?
What phone?
Did we just become best friends!?
He just met the best friend he'll ever have.  Friend for life.
Okay I'm done. I just can't right now with this. Too adorable.
There's only so much joy a person can handle.
Everyone loves golden retriever
Here for my daily cry.

  
might watch later and cry again.
BFFs for sure.
Don’t cry hooman 
I will be your frend for the next 15 years
Thanks for this. My eyes were a bit dry. Not anymore.
The connection between a dog and a human is very special as is seen in this video. Thank you for sharing this.
Only took about 30 seconds to be able to determine that those two will be inseparable! Loved it!
He almost crushed his new dog with his knees
Onions. Onions everywhere!
He put that phone down so fast!
almost took the poor fucker out
I can relate to this. ❤️
I want a friend
the definition of love
His priceless reaction made my day
My face hurts from smiling
 Thank you
TBF, I have the same reaction to every puppy I see.
I guess there is something better than video games.
Wholesome
Aww they love each other
Money can't buy you love, but it can help you adopt a dog, which is pretty much the same thing.
That’s how my 25 y.o ass would be acting too.
Mines a brat but full of life.
Link to video? I can’t seem to find it.
Idk why but I thought he was going to keep nonchalantly playing on his phone
I don't even like dogs, but I felt this.
A classmate told me her mum didnt want animals at their house, just because she didnt like them... She had no allergies ir whatsoever. Whenever I watch these videos, I always think about how selfish you must be to deny your Kids this happiness.
There's truly nothing quite as special as the pets you have when you're young. It's a bond that you carry with you forever, I loved all my dogs with all my heart but I don't think I've ever had a dog love me back as much as my old girl Segway, she's been with me since high school & gotten me thru some of my darkest times. Good girl is snoring away at my feet atm.
He's like "it's ok human no cry now I snuggle."
I got my daughter the wire haired dachshund for Christmas she always wanted. She was hyper-ventilating, I told her to stop because she was scaring the dog. She got a hold of herself, went and gave the pup a bath and took her to bed with her.
This is so cute, hope they have a good time together!
That's the most adorable thing I have seen in a long time! Made me smile :)
Thanks...needed that. These contacts needed some refresh drops, son.
r/mademesmile
w h o l e s o m e
The wash of emotion on his face..so awesome
Best friends forever.
My heart is so full, I needed this today.
I am an older man. I feel like this can be described by the word "adorbs". Is this "adorbs"?
Awww que lindo
This really made my day!
I remember getting my dog..as soon as he entered my room he shitted on the carpet...
Well I’m officially destroyed. My day can’t possibly be as good as this.
Goddamnit! Get these onions out of here!!!
Oh man that was emotional
I did not expect to get misty
This is awesome, but at the end my dark turn of mind briefly flashed to Cartman saying: “Mmmm, tears of unfathomable sadness!”
Damn that is the cutest!
Ok, my turn
the best times of his childhood starting right now
Whenever I fee particularly cold and dead inside, videos of kids reacting to getting puppies always brings some light into my life. It’s such pure happiness, that it’s hard not to feel something myself.
Best friends forever.
That's just the sweetest thing.
Awwww that was so precious!
Dog was like "You're my best friend now"
I was about 9 when I got my first dog I saved and saved and finally bought ben my best friend for years he was,I miss Ben
And so it begins..
“R yew okey hooman”
Haha that kid gets compact. Too sweet
This is the first thing that's made me involuntarily smile in a long time.
Did we just become best friends?
I like the juxtaposition of putting down the video game immediately.
Everything time I see these pretending dead videos, i think thats really dumb, you know dogs can hear your heartbeats and know nothing is wrong.
having a pet is one of the most amazing parts of life.. these two instantly bonded and now I’m crying too
Damnit kid. Take these internet points and these goddamn feelings..
C'mon! Let go play!
Glad there was no sound, don't think my eyes have enough tears in them
D'awww love at first sight, from both of them.
I love it so much anytime I see someone unexpectedly getting a pet
LET ME FEED ON YOUR TEARS SMALL HUMAN.
Needed that
Did this boy just fold in half
Oh man, that was painfully cute.
But what about his phone?  he needs to spend more time on his phone.
<3
Aawww. I miss puppy breath
