You interrupted their very important secret meeting.
"Uhhhhhh no! We were fighting, I swear! See? Rrrrr..."
And now I keep wondering what happened that the lady had to run to it with a very concerned look on her face..
Absolutely adorable. We need more videos of this
Awwww. Goldens are so handsy. (Pawsy?)
Secret club meeting.
Okay now this is the content I want to see
noo..
you disrupt the sacred ritual..
Wow that’s like the spectrum of goldens
7 minutes in heaven. I got caught playing it once too.
Where is this place?! I want an indoor pup play place!
Paw Patrol we're on a roll "No job is too big, no pup is too small"
Alright boys let's put this meeting on paws for now
Kowalski! Our cover’s been blown. Initiate operation Cuteness Overload.
It looks cute but they are actually plotting against the cats
Geaux Tigers!
Holy crap three puppys 💓💓💓
You interrupted the summoning ritual.
So..... I have to have a dog to go to puppy play hour?
They looked very surprised to see each other though!
Wow... Instagram stole this
Carl I thought you said they wouldn’t find us in here!
The Golden Trio.
That’s so cute!!!!! How do people handle this??
Awwww
Geaux tigahs
/u/vredditdownloader
Geaux Tigers
Geaux Tigers
Busted!
Uhhh... it’s not what it looks like! I swear!
These humans always up in our business!
Burrow2020
PuPpIEs F0RceD tO pRACtICe wItCH cRaFT
Geaux Tigers
“Ok fellas the treats are behind the man in blue”
Doggy Seance.
"Quick, do something manly"
*attacks other dog*
Coven retrievers
Love is love
"OH GOD, THEY FOUND THE CULT!"
Leave room for Jesus!
Where is this?? I would love to bring my puppy to something like this!
It’s there sacred ritual to summon the Goodyear boi
/u/vredditdownloader
>They're like _"what the heck?!"_
Oooops busted. Let’s get back to playing
"Promise to be best friends furrever"
Where can one go to socialize pups like this? I don’t much trust dog parks
serious question, i've owned great dogs all -- a boxer, a collie and a few muts

never a golden tho. are goldens just the best dogs ever? they seem like it. if i get another dog, i think i wanna get a golden. they seem so sweet natured.
*holding paws
That's a puppy cult right there. Look at them when they get caught 

"DISPERSE, THEY CANNOT KNOW OUR PLANS FOR THE DARK LORD"
[removed]
Scrolled to fast and thought it was a metal foundation from ark
Cats and Dogs 3 confirmed
Quickly! The ritual has been interrupted!
Well there is 3 of them.....all for one and one for all!
"Cheese it the cops!"
"I love cheese! I'll fight you for it!"
The Great Dane pups are always so funny. The goldens look like a cult.
you interrupted their seance
Looks like that lady was going to break up a puppy fight....
I am now the hearts in eyes emoji.
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE? YOU'VE INTERRUPTED THE SUMMONING.
-“Ok, so we shall strike at dawn.”

-“Agreed.”
-“Agreed.”
They were definitely planning something. Bad actors
Satanic dog ritual interrupted! 👹
Freemasons. I knew it!!
they were telling secrets
I wonder what they were talking about?
/u/vredditshare
u/vredditdownloader
They're doing an unbreakable vow!
" I think you're probably wondering why I called you all here today"
NEED more content like this (on the daily!)
Oh no, now we have a golden clique...
No homo I mean, ‘woof’
It’s a dog cult.
The secret society of airbud
Lmao the concerned parents in the background
"The council is exposed! This meeting is adjourned!"
They haven't developed reverse gear at that age.
Witches.  A little golden coven of witches.
Me an the boys at recess
Anyone know the genders of the pups?
/u/gifreversingbot
This genuinely made my day
Looking at gifs of dogs while you’re playing with your dog https://i.imgur.com/ePf1sr8.jpg
Is puppy play hour for school or a place for dogs to play together and have fun?
Squad
Smile and wave boys, just smile and wave.
Aww
That is just the cutest thing ever!!!🥰
Pupupupuppy dog paaaals!
I’ve always wanted 4 goldens so I could refer to them as my Golden Girls.
They were trying to summon the goodest of all boys..
I love these dogs so much!
Golden girls!!
It’s a golden gradient!
Those are the biggest hamsters I’ve ever seen.
Friendship to the extreme.lol
This is the best thing I have ever seen. I haven’t felt that happy in a long time lol
They talking about bones.
When they turn the lights on at two and you realize how close you came to a 3 way without any girls
This is what puppies were talking about: So someone has been eating snack any idea who?
"We've been spotted lads, make it look natural!"
caught being good
The kool kids klub


... Oh wait ...
Oh. My. Gawd. 😍
The cutest thing I’ve seen today!
They were performing a satanic ritual
Why does that woman run out of the way, like she thinks there's a bomb under there??
😳 what 😳 if 😳 we 😳 held 😳 hands 😳 during 😳 puppy 😳 play 😳 hour 😳
Of course it's the goldies!
This is the most wholesome thing I’ve seen in a while
Lewd.
That is adorable, I wonder what they’re planning tho 🤔🤔
They were in a very important meeting
Gossip pups
Puppy play hour?! Do I need to have a puppy to attend one of these??
Awww. They disrupted their fun time lol.
They became retrievers once you took their lab away
Okay, my whole week is made.
Nothing to see here... walk away, WALK AWAY.
It was a set up by design.
You knew it was going to happen before they did!
nothing to see here
"Our cover's been blown! Scatter!!"
They were taking secrect oath.
Clearing this action should be called Pairing Paws
The Golden Girls are BACK!
We've been had!! Scatter like roaches boys
It’s a golden gradient!
I want to know what the woman in the back saw- what was her puppy doing that made her run like that!
Oh heck oh heck, act like we’re fighting!
Her: haven't you got any feelings at all?!

Him: proceeds to do that
Does anybody know what kind of dogs those are with the spots in the background?
You toast
i love it cute chonkers
/u/VredditDownloader
What cult is this?
Chick in the background just witnessed a dog fight
God only knows what devious plot they were hatching under the privacy of the...whatever that thingy is.
/u/vredditshare
We were just practicing for a play...
Every hour should be play hour
The cute version of finding cellar assels
Honestly a little upset that you violated their privacy. How often do they get to just sit and talk?
Tooooo cute !!
"Welcome to the evil meeting, first question: should we end humanity today?"

"Wait, what's happening to the ceiling?!"

"Oh no, a human! Quick, hold each other's paws!"
u/vredditshare
/u/vredditshare
This is the cutest thing I’ve ever seen
You can follow Billie and her friends on Instagram:

@goldengirl.billie
Puppy butts!
I love that this puppy day care has padded floors. The one my pup goes to is all cement and his little paws are a little scratched up after.
I wanna know where the person in the background is running to
That’s where the dog mafia meets up. Yep, right there.
Looks like some sort of support group.
Wonder what they were talking about? World domination....?
Reminds me of when I got caught in my dads van with the Hunt sisters.
Is nobody gonna mention the guys sweet LSU sweatshirt?
Second best part of the video is the last frame zoomies
Principality Stalin holding a speech for the skeleton army
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
He’s simply vibing with his homies
Oh no, they've seen us in the middle of the Séance. RUN!!!
This is unbelievably cute, lol.
Aliens!
Super secret golden club meeting discussing super secret golden things, obviously.
I'm pretty sure they're planning for something lol 🙄
u/vredditdownloader
geaux tigahs
Awwwww....... So cute.......
No wagging tails - that was a serious meeting you interrupted
Oh the embarrassment!
Sorry to be off topic but Im loving the guy's hoodie- GEAUX TIGERS
Animals deserve every happiness in the world.
Meeting in three joint Street
/u/vredditshare
“Pretend you’re sleeping and maybe they’ll let you stay!!!”
Wha? Wha?! Git yer pawz offa mee! Tha noive of Deez dawgz! 😡

... I'll see you guys later. 😘
This is so precious
>"They're like what the heck?!"

Must be in Utah.
u/vredditshare
Awww Those are some precious pups right there :)
/u/vredditshare
Aww!!! That's SO cute! 😍🐶❤ but why do they look like they were caught doing something wrong...? 😂🤣
LSU
Am I the only one who wants to know why the lady in the back looked terrified and ran off?
SCATTER!
They were taking part in a puptanic ritual
Man. This was so damn cute
Cults be like
So cute.

GEAUX TIGERS!!!
Little do they know, they just plotted a revolution
Cctv of the dog mafia being caught at their meeting of the three families
"oh crap they found us, resume to the plan!" 

Left dog: "what's the plan again ?... Screw it I'm out"
https://gfycat.com/regularrevolvingelk keep holding hands forever
[removed]
/u/vredditshare
r/sonicisntagoodboy
/u/gifreversingbot
SOOOO.... WHATS THE TEA SPILL IT
Luck dog
I like the ones that are red like that
u/vredditdownloader
Geaux tigers
/u/vredditshare
Glory Hole for Paws.
It started with wholesome content but noticing the lady in the back running I’m left with suspense.
You caught them golden handed!
u/mocat10
/u/vredditshare
It’s the Buddies
Aww.  Forbidden love.
Looks like they were casting a spell do that their ghoomane would love them more.
they just made a dog sized mouse trap!
The holy trifecta
It's a cult
You interrupted their secret meeting
Peace be with you meeting
Air buds in the remake
Must’ve been golden hour.
Ohhh
Were they doing planchet?
They were plotting their escape!
Go tigers
They built a fort :’)
Important question though. Is that a Vikings sweatshirt?
Too cute!
Maybe they are long lost litter mates? I realize it's farfetched but  ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
guys thats embarrassing
The pact has been broken!
Heheheheh
It's not gay if you say no homo
The mark of state parental roll 
#youlikemyEnglish ?
Thanksss xD
u/avemegee
“Oh great lord, how do get these humans in hell?”
"And we summon thee...crap, we're discovered! Uh, playfighting yeah, haha, silly dog stuff!"
Damn thats cute how they are running away in embarrassment
#DOG==GOD
Hhhhhhhhh
Scatter!!!
Puppy play hour?! How do I sign my pup up??!
I love how one of them just got up and was like "oh shit" and then proceeded to trample the other dog
That lady ran fast, like something bad was about to be revealed
Goldens were absolutely forming an alliance
to handle that Irish Terrier duo!!
And as we are know as the pupper trio, pledge are our allegiance to you, dark one.
 [/u/vredditshare](https://www.reddit.com/u/vredditshare/)
Damn white privilege!
r/handholding SFW I’m... sorry?
Racist.
They were trying to summon satan in there
They were summoning the bestest of boys
I wanna hold your haAaaand, I wanna hold your Hand!
They're on to us, act normal.
meanwhile my golden just rolls in shit.  just bathed him two days ago.
Geaux Tigers
u/vredditdownloader
Which cult Is this
The real sith triumvirate
I've seen that movie
You mean holding paws
they're planning their next escape...
ACK this-this isn’t what it looks like, AGH BECKY GET OFF ME
Let‘s be friends foreverrr!
3some...nice
Planning escape noises*
*thif man if an affhole, letf go elfwhere*
"So there's being an update in cuddles this quarter, the human's are planning something, I suspect it's the vet" \*box lifts\* "They're onto us, act clueless and cute" .
A hundred f**king votes!?
Scatte-mphlhdlf!
 Cxxczxv  gccxgxc, xxdxxxvv, c csasaaxmjXkkjk
*Throws poylmerization*, oh damn I released Cerebrus the Fluff Lord
I love those two that immediately start wrestling
Plotting  the revolution
You screwed up a summoning circle!
This is amazing
[Everyone liked that]
Brother, we have been discovered. Act normal.
I made a ridiculous sound out loud when he lifted the box. It sounded something like “Ooohhhhhhhhhhhhh! <3”
All three shades of gold present and accounted for. That's what I like to see!
WE'VE BEEN MADE
Elitist assholes.
He has interrupted the conversation
WHERE IS THIS PLACE, TELL ME AT ONCE?!
Nothing to see here
[removed]
Lol they were stuck cuz backwards is hard
May we please have more puppy play hour?
Good
  I wish them all the happiness in the world :D
 I love dogs!!!! Thanks a lot!! 🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕🐶🐶🐶🐶
K
Paws!
Hi
“Together we will conquer hoomans, they stand no cha....
Play doggo, woof woof we just bork like reg doggos”
“Oh fuck our cover’s been blown”
Sickening
Haha what dorks
Hilarious super cute
They are Goldens, it's possible that they just couldn't figure out how to get out.
They didn't read the email.
Super gay but I love it. LoL
Racism
Went from a threesome to a 69. Goddamn that dog was killing it.
how lewd!
Ok, we get it. I’m sick of seeing this stupid video.
That’s lewd.
So sad what problems they have later in life. Edit* found the breeders.
[removed]
I’m sorry but this is really lame.
I think they may have had some intercourse. Always remember to get your pets spayed and neutered!

Edit: wow thanks for the gold! It's my first ever :D
Their not holding hands. Dogs don't have hands. They have paws. They don't feel love or anything either. Their animals. With no brain.
