What kind of cat is he? He is so awesome...
I love the lady asking Balam if he is proud of himself. Heck yes he is!
My cat did that!   He was so lovey that he just wanted to be as close to you as possible at all times.  So in your clothes was perfect.
[deleted]
is your cat Adam Driver?
Cats like him look so medieval ... and powerful. Like I’m gonna be walking down the street and he’ll appear in a beam of light and present a quest for me to conquer..... and I would accept
Source:  balam\_says on instagram, he's an oriental shorthair kitty
Whoa big kitty, nam Balam
Balam means “ my child “ in azeri.
My golden retriever was doing tgat when he was little.
I kept waiting for him to zip up the hoodie! Like, you’d end up with just that weird little face popping out at you, it would be adorable.
That purring tho. 

Are those Scottish accents can't quite tell?
Balam is in love 😍 r/CatsMirin


I think this also qualifies as r/Mensmittenwithkittens
When I'm gaming one of my cats comes up to me like this but he likes it when I zip my shirt up and the other one likes to get in the hood and snuggle up behind my neck/on my shoulders. Gets pretty damn warm when both are in a snuggle mood.
Balam means Jaguar in Mayan :)
What a sweet cat.
aww am cold Daddy. I so love how he starts to go to sleep right away
How to properly snuggle your Adam Driver
It looks like a sphynx but with hair, this is weird but still cute tho.
he thinks youre hot
... Zip up that hoodie right meow
My cat does the same thing only she likes to climb under hoodies so I look like a pregnant 61 year old lady!
[deleted]
Got wares, if got warm.
Why do I find that man super sexy
At first I thought he was baby talking the cat in English. Then I realized he wasn't speaking English. Then the lady started talking and I realized it was all English 🤦‍♂️
Risky move at 0:15 once he is in the sweatshirt and his human reaches down to the tummy area to adjust something.  
  
50/50 chance any cats I've ever owned spring the claw trap on that move.
Aw I used to follow Balam on Instagram, he good boi
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditshare

WTF mods don't ban these bots they are useful

https://gfycat.com/AccurateLivelyDeer
Damm you sure are close with Adam Driver
Wow lion face
Is the same breed as the Adam Driver cat?
I am now jealous of a cat
r/tuckedinkitties
"These sands are cold, but Khajiit feels warmness from your presence."
Is it just me or does this cat look like Ari Shaffir?
Anyone else think that cat looks like Ari Shaffir?
r/AirplaneEars
Awwwww curled right up knowing how to fit ❤️
so derpy!
So cute! My kitty did that.
Balaam looks like Adam Driver
He’s a big beast!
Real life BB.
If my cat/s did that I would take them everywhere!
I'm not a cat, I'm a kangaroo.
Jesus, to live such a life of cat....
I recognize the face of someone happily snuggling with a cat while simultaneously extracting a claw from your stomach.
I love cats so much.
Zip it up, you psychopath
Who can teach my cat to do this? I need this in my life
Since people are chipping in with what "Balam" means in other languages... I think it means "Husband of the nation" in Hebrew but I'm a lil rusty
Their instagram is @balam_says
I love Balam's IG account.
Beautiful oriental
I wish my cats did that willingly
Your cat looks like M'aiq
Why is Ari Shaffir climbing into some dudes sweater?
That's Adam Driver cat
So, why the long face?
I’ve heard of a Balam, go follow his Instagram!
I love Oriental cats, they are so cuddly
So cute!
This is good
Wow. Cuddly kitties are rare...
I'm getting strong "Dad who didn't want a pet but fell in love with it" vibes
That's a fukken nice kitty right there
The fact he didn’t zip it up at least halfway to make it more cozy bothers me.
My SO was shocked my cat cuddled with him nearly the entire night recently - usually she's draped around my head. 

We're having a cold spell and he's a heater. Poor fella, didn't even realize he's being used. Which is fine, because I do the same thing she did. =p
beautiful beautiful.  Such a happy cat knowing he is SUPER loved and he knows his safe place
 Balam means Jaguar in Mayan :)
Zip it up plz
Sweet baby! He looks like my little boy! My kitty is an oriental tabby, too. They’re awesome
Jacket salesman - “That jacket seems to be one size too big for you sir, might I suggest a smaller size?”
OP -“No thanks, this will be perfect!”
What a cutie !
Adorable! What a sweet face.
Kylo Ren?
Don't know why, but I really love big-nosed cats.
"Named Balam" seems weirdly jammed into that title.
That cat has such a big nose. Easy access to boop.
Be careful to not accidentally stab your neck with those pointy ears.
He thinks he’s a dachshund
Awwww
Such a sweet face!
Loved the adjustment to get kitty's hind paw out of his ribcage.
He looks so happy...
There's a man who needs a bigger hoodie.
Cat looks like that Star Wars dude.
How do I train my cat to do this?
Love Oriental Shorthairs!  They are so personable and loving!  Great cat!
I adore this.
I like these non bitchy cats tbh
I’ve never seen such a cat, very cool.
Every winter time, when I lay down on bed or sleep, my cat walks in between my legs and sleep on it.  He knows where "warm spot" is.  I don't mind but I hate when I start getting numb from not moving.  :<
he really knows it's nice and warm there :)
Thought it was a racoon at first.
Cat looks like Barbra Streisand
ZIP HIM UP
Damn he's cute, cats adorable too
u/vredditshare
Kylo Ren
Honestly I wish my cats were this affectionate. My cat storm is skittish but at night when I’m lying in bed she comes through my window after gallivanting outside for half the evening and then she demands scratches and sleeps in the crook of my legs. When I’m not home she sleeps on my pillow. But other than that she’s hopeless.
Zip it up!
My cat just steps on me like I’m a carpet :(
That’s a nice fucking kitty
My cat does this except with blankets. He loves to sit between our legs when we're lying on the couch with a blanket on.
That is sooooo sweet! 

Love when my kitty gets under the covers (that is why I keep the heat low)
My little Supermodel Chocolate Point siamese was the same way. She was so svelte, she knew where to go for heat. Including laptop keybaords (which most cat owners understand...)
My cat would rip my throat out if I tried that shit
That cat looks like the guy from star wars kylo ren...
That is some sort of mountain lion!
When I was younger a friends cat would do this to an occupied sleeping bag. He would quickly remove the person by destroying their legs and claim the sleeping bag his own.
I mean, cats are assholes but they’re pretty cute, too.
how can people think that cats aren't affectionate
r/crosseyedcats
I think he just wants to be close to you!
My cat just did this and it was cute until she farted.
The males of that breed of cats are super friendly. My sister used to have one and it behaved more like a dog than a cat.
that cat has a big nose
This car looks like ari shaffir
The whole time I was waiting for him to zip it up a bit for the cat.
This literally made me cry
Why do kitties love warmth so much?
Balam is Mayan for jaguar.

A little pretentious, but appropriate.
My kitty does this all the time!
Such a good boy!
He looks like a mini cat lion
I like his face
Dad: I don’t want a cat

Also dad:
Wwooaahh big kitty, bam Balam
I'd hate to see him get his claw caught in that zipper. Who am I kidding, I was waiting for it.
Nice to see Balam with his cat daddy
He's fucken huuugggeee!!!
I can hear that guy purrrrrrr
Such a beautiful cat ❤️
I have that sweater, but not that cat
Interesting face/head on the kittie! So cute.

One of my two boys does this whenever I unzip my hoodie/jacket, lol; be it summer or winter, he always wants to snuggle inside of *anything*. He also immediately occupies any open bags and such!
Ari shaffir must be on some really good drugs.
Beautiful cat! How sweet :)
What a gorgeous cat! Jealous.
I'm glad he has a good place to go
I miss my cat.
Sniffs twice, yeah he is my human.
He's so content.
What a beautiful cat!!
That is too precious!
Chicho and Balam
He's like a little dog
Cat looks very unique. It’s nose looks like a tiger nose. Almost looks a like a tiger 🐯
That’s my Fennie too.
My dog does this EVERY morning to my mum. He does not enjoy getting up early
Aww cute kitty
Looks half Bengal half Siamese :D
Reddit. My girlfriend is using this video as proof that cats are more cuddly than puppers. I need your cutest puppy's and doggos cuddling their humans to set her straight.
Awwwww
I love the primitive look of this breed.
I like watching stuff like this to and from work to relieve stress. Always a pleasant unwind. Thanks
I will give you ten grand in cash for this cat
I wish my cats would cuddle :(
Zip it up zip it up zip it up zip it up

...Aw.
That's one fucking nice kitty right there
the dark side to this story is, we constantly make cats freeze.

to them, room temperature is like 2 degrees too cold.

that's why they flee to sunrays, hide in boxes and all the other cute crap like searching us for warmth.
Cute
Wish my cat did that
Aw how sweet ❤️
OMG I LOVE HIM
Very cute
We are such slaves to cats. Holy shit
Aww Balam made it to reddit. 

He's a very talkative kitty.
Soo cute :3
Balam is the king of Instagram
Balam is the best. He likes to sit in pots and sniff coffee beans. His Instagram is delightful.
I used to do that with my cat when I was 4 years old, hah!
Awn... my dog that died used to be like that... it’s very cute, but it got me so sad to remember my baby :(
"balam" means jaguar in mayan language
Cats r so gentle sometimes
Khajiit has warmth
WHY DIDNT HE ZIP IT UP?
This makes me want a kitty! I’m allergic and have two dogs but I want one!
r/tuckedinkitties
the look on the cat's face at 13s+..."where's that hand going?"
Awww
He sure nose
I am named after this cat.
Omg, i love this kitty. What an unusual face.
This clip is best enjoyed on mute. Cheers!
My rats do that 🐀🐀
That cat looks like Tonsils from GrayStillPlays' Sims 4 videos! Still cute as heck, but pretty deeper looking.
Is he cross eyed?
He's so handsome!
Pound for pound, cats are one of the most ruthless, lethal hunters to ever walk the face of the earth. 

Nice benefit that they're also great purritos.
Daddy's Angel
So adorable. :>
Blessed Kitty
Look at the schnoz on that beautiful boy! Tell him I love him.
My cat does that. The only difference is that your cat goes in \*willingly\*.
That is one very happy kitty.
That cat looks identical to Ari Shaffir
That is not a cat, that is a tiger.
Awww I had a cat who used to do this. And when I had to get up I would just put my arm under her and she'd stay in my hoodie while I did whatever
Balam has snugs if you have warm
I’m team Balam 😺
Such a beautiful kitty xx
Great now I'm crying on the bus,thanks.
Awww mine only do that when they're at the vet and trying to hide under me! Though they definitely snuggle on top on me.
That thunderous face when the man reached underneath the belly.
Smart kitty. I bet the beautiful cat really loves this spot.
Kajit is cold.
When I was around 11, my Dads old cat did this but only with him, I was jealous lol.
My little guy does this. He'll just sleep for hours in my hoodie when I'm at my computer.
Looks like the kid from Malcom in the middle
I would zip it up and never let it go.
Just a few seconds of r/catsmirin
Great... Now i miss my cat.
Slightly irritating he didn't zip up his hoodie. I would have done that.
My hand did that too!!!
I'd let kitty snuggle in my hoodie too, if I were you. He's adorable.!
u/VredditDownloader
now zip
Awwwwwww
I love when my cats snuggle. Sometimes they get a little frisky with thier claws tho.
I had a cat that would do that too. Snuggly little boy.
Awwww what a good boyyyyy
I try to force my cat to do this and it never works
r/WholesomeBoomer
Oh my god my dog does the same!! I'm so glad shes not weird!!
WHOAAAA black betty, cat balam
This some Bengal Maine Coon breed?  Neat mut
Hey kid, want some CUDDLES
He's beautiful!!
Mine just takes my spot on the bed.  I like yours better.
I would die of happiness if my kitty did this. So lovely 🥰
Awhhhh. He's lucky to have such a good relationship with Adam driver.
It's Dewey from Malcolm in the Middle!
Cutie
I fucking love cats.
I used to have a red-point Siamese that would climb on top of our old CRT computer monitor. He was easily the dumbest and sweetest cat I’ve ever had.
AWWWWWWWWWWWW SO CUTE
I love him. And he looks exactly like Adam Driver.
What a good boy
such a beautiful cat! id be there all day like that.
Ari Shaffir
Lovely
"May your road lead you to warm sands"
Chonker
Alright I might finally get a cat now
OR "How to steal a cat"
Oh black kitty, warm Balam! 🐱🎸
It's sweater kitty!
Cute!
#WinterLuvin
I love you! This made my heart sink. ;)
Maybe he’s pretending to be cold but really he does it because being close to his hooman makes him happy ❤️
If Adam driver was a cat...
When my cat was small, he would lie beside me inside my housecoat and sleep. Not he just paws at the blankets so he can curl up under.
Such a beautiful lil bean 😊
Oh, look at the little white marks on his tail! It looks like when they freshly paint the white dashed lines on the road, and somebody drives through it before the paint is dry and the tires leave scuffy white marks :)
Adorable ! That’s a pretty interesting name for a cat though haha ! 😅
...is that Ari Shaffir?
This is the only time I’ve seen Balam that he hasn’t been making a raucous noise.
For those that "hate cats".
Meowth has got a terribly cute update.
My name Balam.

When col or tir I thinq of mum.

My new mum is hooman, no fur, and boy.

Hooman is warm, nice, with strong har beet.

He let me in jacket.

Near his har beet I res.

When he talk it like my mum purr.

I warm. Safe. Happy with boy mum.

Hoomans call dis love. OK. I agree.
My mom's cat used to do this. He's an old boy so he can't anymore.
That is priceless.
I wanted to see if my cat -- who was in my lap -- would do that, since he already lets me hold him instead of a teddy bear while I sleep (it's great, until he starts licking my face). As soon as I grabbed my jacket, he moved. *Cats.*

Edit: Tried it again. Got hissed at (this is not a big deal; Byron hisses more as a sort of commentary than as an actual warning sign. There are times when he will be settling into my lap, only to stop, hiss, and finish settling in).
awwwww
Looking at it made me sleepy
Khajit has warmth if you have the wears.
BALAM! DO YOU WANT SOME COFFEE!?
I've got slinky cats too, and they do this.  I think they like to stay warmer than other breeds.
I wanted him to  z i p  up that jacket so bad
my bengal does this lol
My kitty does this with the blankets in the morning some times, it makes my heart fly
My cat doesn't know how to receive pats. He wants them asks for them but will not stay still he walks around just in arms reach.
He looks like he has wares if I have the coin
That’s a beautiful cat !!
Half the time he’s cold the other half he uses it as an excuse for cuddles
This convinced me. I need to get a cat.
I wanted him to close his sweater as well
Follow their account on Instagram for more cuteness guys. Account is Balam_says
Darnit that's a beautiful cat. Jealous.
His Insta is so sweet too! His family is adorable and they have other kitties too.
My cat name is Balam too! Wish she did that too
I MUST have one of these cats...
Dad: no animals allowed! Ever!
Family: we got a cat
Dad: and no one will ever lay a finger on him, he is my precious most beloved thing in this whole house.
Oh dear, oh dear, gorgeous
What breed is he ive never seen that head shape before
He's a handsome cat!
I’d like to go there too when I get cold. What’s the address?
that is some cute shit
It’s all fun and games until you realize he’s sitting on the remote.
Omg I love those ears.
So trusting and friendly
I’m jealous. My cat never cuddles with me like that.
Awesome cat!
Woah! Tabby Siamese mix!
My cat does this too! We visited my parents and where they live actually gets cold, and he never knew cold before. He became a heat seeking cat missile, and would be under any clothes he could manage to fit underneath.
Such an adorable tabby oriental.
Is it just me or does that cat look expensive af
I love him
Awwww. So sweet! What a lovely cat. Ty for sharing.
my dog does exactly the same thing.
What a cutie
so cute <3
Whoa cute kitty....wam balam.
He looks like an ‘almost’ lion
naaawwww :3 kittyyy
My cat is a floof chonk. Cold doesn’t scare him, the brush does
OMG SO CUTE💕💕💕💕
Looks like Groucho Marx came back as a cat.
I wish my cats were more cuddly. I try picking up any of em, and I they’re struggling to get down. It must be trained since birth to hide in his hoodie
that thing is giant
 you must give dobby clothes so he is warm for the cold times
What a hot man
r/ntbdbiwdfta
😍😍😍 my zip up sweater is available if you are busy.
I'm so jealous! When either of my pets get cold they just push me out of my space and take it :/
That is  a fine feline
Not trying to be mean buT HE IS DERPY AND ADORABLE LOOKING MY GOD! You're so luck!!
What a beauty
I watched the whole thing waiting for him to zip up the hoodie
I had a cat this affectionate, he passed 2 years ago and it was the hardest day of my life by far but the 12 years I had with him were worth it all.
👃
“Balam” is Mayan for Jaguar
Balam? That's a nice name. It means jaguar in mayan.
Balam means strength in Telugu language
He's gotta be able to hear some serious stuff with those ears.
I'm scream
Balam is one handsome minitiger.
That's like my one cat, turtle. He'll do the same thing.
That so cute !😍
That’s an ocelot lol
I don't think you can post pics of breastfeeding on Reddit
these goofy faced kitties are really starting to grow on me.
What kind of kangaroo is that?
balam acat
My dachshund does this ❤️
If my little monster did this to me I'd fucking cry lmao this is the cutest thing ever
I'm guessing you were resistant to getting a pet, but now you love him?
"We're not keeping it."
Such a happy cat.
One of our orientals does that same thing, but it doesn’t have to be cold, she just does it whenever. She’ll claw at your top until you lift it up for her to crawl into, its precious.
My old cat used to do this. 😢
Temperature: gets colder
This cat: Aight imma head out
That cat has such an interestingly shaped face and eyes! Haven’t seen a cat look quite like that before. :)
Beautiful cat!
Cat is sooo cute!!
Fuck. Ing. Goals.
Woah black Betty Bam Balam, he snuggles in your coat bam Balam, damn thing gone wild bam Balam!
It’s one of those honking cats!
Aww i follow balam on Instagram hes such a good kitty
Balam looks like Toonces, the cat who can drive a car.
I just exploded from cuteness.
Dad:we cant have cat
Dad and cat:
awsome he is so cute
Cats that look like Barbara Streisand?
I wish our kitties would do that! https://i.imgur.com/HFEyKgs.jpg
/r/Dewycats
Aaaaa he reminds me of my moms cat Tigger! I used to wear a bathrobe or jacket outside just so he could cuddle in it.
awwwww I wish mine do that
The king of Hell knows where to snuggle.
He got that t shirt from h&m
I just woke up from sleep paralysis and I wish I had this little guy to comfort me
This type of cat is so strange in the best way
He looks like a tiger but not orange
He's gorgeous!

I'm glad to know it's not just my boy that does this. Only time it's a problem is when just his nose is cold, he lifts up my shirt and puts his cold wet nose on my back or belly but has everything else  uncovered.
I wish my cat would do this lol
I won't trust my cat, that close to my heart. She has sharp claws and a cunning mind.
Ah it's the Adam driver cat.
Good in theory, until he starts kneading your chest
Khajit wears.
I love this!
God fucking dammit that's adorable
Too cute
OMG, he is gorgeous!  And obviously well loved for him to trust you that much.  I'm trying to imagine how he discovered that inside your hoodie was the warmest, safest, place to snuggle.
Don't know if you know this but Balam is Mayan for Jaguar.
You make the warm, daddy-o
One of my dads cats used to do this with me as a kitten.  Was so sadwhen he stopped doing it.
We do not deserve cats.
That is a super model face, beautiful cat
My full grown boxer pit mix dies this as well
Cat version of avatar
Fun fact: "Balam" means "Jaguar" on Mayan
Oh my god! heart be still 😍
Isn’t that one of those honking cats
ohh his snoot looks so cute
This is the coolest looking cat!
That is livin
This made me audibly aww.
No one going to mention that he's named after the demon Balam?
Awwww pretty kittys
This posts got awards I ain't even heard of
My kitty used to do this too <3
That cat somehow looks like Daniel Thrasher.
Aargh warm and cosy 😊
So snuggled!!!
I am VERY jealous of this chonky boy.
Haha! I was wondering why this came up In my thread! Apparently you’re trending! I did this with my cat lots! It helps them mellow out! I also carried my cat in the baby sarong more times then I used it for tiny humans
I don't think i've seen an oriental shorthair that was also a tabby! absolutely BEAUTIFUL!
That cats got some marsupial envy.
What an absolute sweetheart
Cute
Smuggle buddies!!!
He knows he's loved and knows he's safe.  <3
I'd feel so loved if this were my cat. I'm slightly jealous.
Cat: "I love how your skins are removable and can contain me."
Wow this cat is beautiful, look at that face!
What breed is this?
I absolutely love oriental cats
thats too fcking cute. well im dying
Such a beautiful face, he looks like a tiger!
Beautiful cat.
That's a cute kitty.
In my tummy 😳
This is the sweetest.
Why does his face look like that
This is awesome! Totally reminds me of my little boy reaching out to get snugged up next to me after he eats.
This is so cute. I want to cuddle now.
That cat looks like ari shaffir
For 2 seconds I thought the guy was Clark Gregg.
This is the sweetness I needed in my life rn, thank you for posting! ❤️❤️
Very handsome cat!
Should be a black hoodie, bam balam.
Guys can u all pls like this comment, cause i need comment Karma so i can post memes :D
Shout out for the kittyroo. Sadly my cats are not cooperative.
r/pocketpussy
I follow Balam on IG. Such a cool kitty!
Oooohhh, I would name him Schnozzy because of his schnozz.
Lady, the cat cant answer you. Cute cat tho.
cute but for some reason that cat looks like he could be evil AF
How the fuck a cat get cold?
Isn't this just a normal cat thing? Am I missing something as to why this is so popular? I can't listen to it, is their sound?
/r/CTLLRP
I wish
My buddy Forcas used to do this. Now, his bones are on my mantle in a jar. I sure do miss him.
Adam Driver and that dude seem really close
Adam Driver's cat version
Ham Balam! Ooh sweet kitty, Ham Balam, whooa sweet kitty, Ham Balam!
Pray to whatever god that floats ur boat that kitty never gets its claw caught in ur clothing... lol
Those ears though. I want one
Handsome cuddler 😻
Oh my goodness, I love Balam. His brother Chaska is also adorable.
I bet it's not even cold but he's just lonely.
Yeah, but he looked like he was about to scratch your face when you stuck your hand under him.
Nromal goblin
Super jelly!
He is so very sweet.
Indoor, owned cats are the best cats
I’m not crying, you’re crying
I had a cat go missing for three weeks in January 2013. When he finally came back home he had lost a lot of weight and appeared jaundiced. He would get inside my jacket like this to get warm.
This is cool until the cat shits itself in there.
I need a cat like this.
My cat does this too. I need to record more things for karma.
Whoa Black Betty am Balam
he's a beautiful. Looks like a mini tiger.
He looks like Dewey from Malcolm in the middle .
why that cat look like Joe Camel
Cats are lucky humans are completely unable to retain body heat
Not the most neurotypical-looking kitty
These lookin cats creep me out
#zip it up
Woah black Betty, bam Balam
hahaha why does this cat look like Adam Driver?
Yeah, in mayan Ek Balam means black jaguar, so I assume Balam means jaguar( as I said I’m not sure)
What a QT !! ☺️
I’m not a cat person but this... this is cute
My girls used to do this as kittens. But now i have to put them in my jacket they purr super loud for 5 seconds then want to hop out haha
Look at the snoot on that one!
Balam? Were you watching Grimm when you named this cat?
That is the cutest thing I saw today.
Ocelot
So sweet 😍
Straight up thought this guy was Paul Rudd.
🗿
I've always lowkey wanted a cat.
why the long face? 😗
Looks like he could eat a whole watermelon
/u/vredditdownloader
CAN YOU CLOSE THE SWEATER ALREADY FOR GODS SAKE.
His face is so pretty!
Do they purr?
That’s a real fuzzy alien you got there.
That's no walking fortress
Then eventually bites you for no reason lol
Balam was a prophet in the Old Testament.
Such a good looking kitty. I have several grey calicos in my feral colony. One of them resemblances to your kitty.
This cat looks like Dewey from Malcolm in the middle
What a cute!
aww this is so cute!!! I wish I had a cat!
Do you have another cat named Balak?
Balam Balam Balam
Awww, his face!!!😍😍😍
Blessed breastfeeding
Aww my god! That's too cute!
Ari shaffir is that you?
I wish my cats did this!
Ahhhhhhhh, I miss it when my kitties use to do this.
Adam Driver looking ass
My cat used to do that.

Even if I didn't have my hoodie unzipped, he'd climb up under or over it.

He'd complain if he did the above and I forgot to zip him up!
Is it only me or u guys see both face have a resemblence !!
u/vredditshare
Toasty boi
I would never do this, all that needs to happen is one claw getting stuck somewhere and his whole upper body is going to be sliced like charcuterie.
What a beauty he is. And the cat as well.
I loves balam! I follow them on IG
He has the face of an Avatar....
How do you create a loving cat? Mine would just jump in and then try and claw a space within my chest to sleep.
Haha I love this cat!
That's one unit of a cat though
Wow whatta face😃
Is that Mike from Brazil?
I have an oriental shorthair and she is JUST as cuddly
That’s just adorable
Khajit has wares if you have hoodies.
Why does that cat look like Ari Shaffir
That looks like a small lion, not a house cat!
So Ari Shaffir gets cold?
Meanwhile, my cat just bit my foot while I was pooping
That is so sweet!! Awhh
Balam has a big ass nose
u/VredditDownloader
Balaam the angel
66.6K likes
When he's cold? More like when he wants snuggles! Equally valid reason.
That's how my cat got me to adopt her.  She never did it again :(
He looks to be adorable but a bit of an ugly fucker
[deleted]
HONK THE NOSE HONK THE NOSE
Happy for both of them 💖
BEST HOODIE EVER !!!! lol so freaking cute. Daddy's little boy eh? 💙🐱
My aunt's boyfriend had a Pitbull puppy and one day it snowed. Little boy started crawling inside my jacket and into my sleeve for warmth. It was so cute.
Spleens the cat irl
I prefer dogs but that cat looks awesome
Lol love his face what a good ball...HUGE EYES
kylo ren lookin
/u/vredditshare
r/tightpussy
My dog tries to do this. She’s 70 lbs, it gets awkward.
Why does this cat look like a character from the blue avatar  movie?
Ohhh what a sweet guy!

Reminds me quite a lot of the Toyger I had, Figgy. ♥️
Wish I had a cross eyes Khajit baby.
Balam Pichkaari jo tune mujhe maari
Toh thandi thandi billi jacket me chali gai
I like the part just after the 12 second mark. Cats always get their claws stuck in our clothes
I love his big nose!
u/VredditDownloader
Balam means "Jaguar" in Mayan! Great name ;)
Not long before he goes Hand Solo on your ass and cuts you open to get even more warmth.
Feeling pretty jealous =D
He has such a sweet face 😍
Lol seeing this after the video of the streamer and his cat both freaking out after a stuck paw in a belt loop has me very anxious
Balam is adorable and I want to cuddle him
Balam means 'my baby' in my language lol.
shouldve named him Dobby with that long face and elf ears
Weird face
Fuzzy Adam Driver
We don’t deserve Balam. His whole IG is precious.
My actual name is Balam, never thought i'd see the day!
I can feel it's puuurrrrrrring!
Every face in Avatar.
Is that Adam Driver?
That's a weird looking rabbit
I think your velociraptor's broken.
My cat likes to sit on my shoulders while I make coffee, breakfast and brush my teeth
Oh, Balam! You melt my heart.
Such a long-noser! What a goofy beaut! I love him.
Awwww, He look like a lion!
What kind of cat is this?
Gonna have to say it in Portuguese: que video fofo carai
Definitely a Siamese cross of some sort.
Is his full name Whoa Black Betty Pam...Balam? Thanks I’ll show myself out.
#it even rhymes!!!!!!!!
Why the long face?
u/vredditshare
Very cute!
Pretty cat! He looks so snuggly.
I don’t understand what people mean when they say “I’m not a cat person” how can you not be?! Cats are such loving companions!
I'm sorry I thought you said old.
That’s the cutest thing ever omg
He’s related to Zen.
Why can't I have a cat like this? My cats are assholes
My cat does that too
Ok reddit, where is your sauce?
Squish the cat.
Why cant my cat be like this? Whyyyyyyyy
I wish my cat did this
Cats are fucking awesome. I miss my old girl so much sometimes :(
That's one smart cat
ya like my baby girl
[removed]
I'll take your entire stock
His looks have this perfect mixture of adorable with just the right amount of derpness. I love him
Omg my kitty curls up with my hubby every night like this she’s a sphynx
One of my cats loves to snuggle up and go to sleep in this position, except he stays outside my clothes when he does it.
I miss my buddy. No coat was safe when it got cold.
Ari Shaffer as a cat?
Oh my god I absolutely ADORE cats like this! ❤️
Look, it's Kylo Ren!
Balam is, in fact, one of the best kitties
I would keep my house cold just to get him to do this....
Love Oriental shorthairs! Can I ask what breeder you got your kitty from? Our cats might be siblings lol
That cat nose where the best cuddles are.
... I’m turning up the AC
The jelly beans award doesnt look like jelly beans
Awe you have a Dewey 🐱.
Pocket tiger
u/vredditdownloader
Oriental <3
He looks like he belongs in the movie Avatar!
I love catsss
Can my cats do this u/catsandmarmite
u/VredditDownloader
Och Gott wie süß!!
Balam is very special in different ways <3
This might be a weird question, but is he named after Balaam from the Book of Numbers? The prophet who was completely unphased when his donkey started randomly talking to him when he refused to move
Such a handsome boy!!
Adorable!😻
He’s so fucking cute
Gimme
That is one gorgeous looking cat!
[deleted]
This is @BALAM_SAYS ON INSTAGRAM. GIVE CREDIT WHERE ITS DUE
For fucks sake it has a fur. It doesn't freeze at home.
Fuck the cat fuck the cat fuck the cat fuck the cat
It got the downs or wat?
