He's fuckin' adorable. The puppy too.
Dads don't want dogs not because they don't like them, but because they know, they will be the ones having to get up at 7 am and go walk  it every day for the next 8-15 years.
Dad: doesn't want a dog

Family: gets dog anyway

Dad:
my dad would look way happier to play with our dogs than see me when i was gone for almost a year
Being excited when a puppy is in the house and wanting a dog are two different things.

Let's see who wants the dog when it's time to be walked and trained.
Is that your dad on the book cover?
It's not that we don't want the dog...

We just don't wanna clean up the shit n' piss or face the fact that time is an illusion so saying goodbye is closer than you think unfortunately.
Am a dad, didn't want dog because I didn't want to take care.of dog.  Wife and child assured they'd help.  Currently they do not, am dog's sole care taker.  Wife.and child jealous dog prefers me.  I'll be the one to put dog.down,.likely alone.  This why dads don't want dogs.

Edit: I meant I'll put her down when she's old and sick, not now because I don't like walking her.  I love my dog, just wasn't onboard with being the beast's sole caretaker
r/dadswhodidnotwantpets
they said you didn't want me, but i knew it wasn't true...

just look at us - we Playin'! n i'm chasing after you!

you laughing n you're runnin as around the house we zoom

i try my best to follow as we go from room to room!

n then my Favrit part - i like to call a 'dad attac' -

you rub me on my belly when i'm rolling on my back ^:@)

the times we spend together are the funnest things we do!

you may think you didn't want  me,

but dear Dad

I wanted *You!*

❤️
I'm a dad, I have had and lost over ten dogs in the last fifty years, we always had at least two at a time. My kids always want to bring a puppy home from the many strays in my part of the world. I resist only because I know that the entire load of training and care is on me. I can't look after more than two dogs at a time. I love them to bits. But there are rules, no dogs on the beds or couches. I'm the only one who follows the rules..
I don't really know why this is surprising.  Lot's of us love animals - just not enough to want to take care of them.  They're great, but they're a lot of work, money and time, in already busy and expensive lives. Kids never live up to their claims that they'll take care of them.  And if you're not around a lot, or constantly on the move, it's not always fair to the animal.
I never got this meme.  People think they won the argument because he decided to try to make the best of it by being nice to it after it's in the house? Maybe the man wanted to do something else with his time yo, opportunity cost and shit
A fucking joel osteen book. Lol
I totally understand the dad, he clearly enjoys the fog but unlike the other members of his family he realises the vast responsibility it takes to take care of one.

I love my dog and I'm her favourite human but it is me that must take care of her 100% (the other members of my fam are chronically ill ) and it is a burden that I didn't ask for cause it is again extra to the care I have to provide my fam and that is heavy enough on it's own.
Joel Osteen book. Meh.
I wouldn't trust his judgment considering his reading choice on the table.
Gross who reads Joel Osteen in this video lol I have some snake oil to sell you
Living meme
He also knows who will end up cleaning up after it and paying the bills and the boarding for travel. Dogs are great, they cost money, and God bless your dad for saying "F it" and getting on board..
He'll remember why he didn't want it when it shits and sheds everywhere and no one ends up wanting to walk it and they have to pay for food and for someone to come by a feed it when they go out of town.
joel osteen? really?
Dat Joel Osteen product placement tho.
Dad still doesn't want a dog but it's here so might as well give it the love and attention that the kids who had to have it won't. In two months you will forget the dog exsists and he will have to take the responsibility of it anyways.
Its fucking adorable
Think better, live better
well, i composed a 352 word comment about shit like this and erased it...so there...
I think you need to understand that because you don't want the tons of work involved for a while doesn't mean you don't absolutely love dogs.  I'm taking a break from pets but when I get one, it will be a dog
This dog is great.

P.s Joel Ostend is the devil.
Dads never want a dog because we dads know we will most likely be the main emotional and caretaking force beneath the puppy's wings.
It’s not that they don’t want a dog, they just don’t want to take care of it when it’s the bad stuff (barking, biting, training, doing the toilet inside etc). They love the playing and cuddling part, it’s just a lot of responsibility, but it’s worth it once all the bad stuff is out the way and the dog is trained and fits in with the family
I can’t stop seeing the Joel Osteen book
Cool. A Joel Osteen book....
Joel Osteen book tells me Dad is confused about allot more than a dog.
I love a good character development arc
Dads are often quite practiced in learning to love things they didn't want but end up having to raise anyway.
Dad's don't want puppies because they dads know they will outlive the pups. It isn't the fun they don't like. It is the heartbreak.
But how did ur dad came back from the milk store ??
Dad’s normally don’t want dogs because they understand how attached they’re going to get and it’s just too sad to be that attached to something for only 10 to 15 years.  I’d like to think most dads don’t want to be heartbroken again because they’ve probably been heartbroken a few times with dogs in the past.
Is this a dad thing? When we got my cat he would look at her and say how we shouldn't have bought a cat. Then we'd leave the room and he'd pick her up and coddle her, saying, "Daddy loves you. Yes, I do. What a beautiful little kitty cat." 🤣

Edit: to clarify, he said we shouldn't have bought a cat after giving us the go-ahead to buy her. My dad doesn't like change so I think that was where his aversion to her came from. We got her at age 5 weeks (she lost her mom at an early age and was taken to the shelter). She now is 7 years old and lives a very happy life of sleeping in our sheets and demanding cat nip. 😉
He's just pretending to ecstatically play with the puppy! ☺️
This makes my day so much better thinking that others get to experience this.
The classic
I feel like people who say "I dont want a dog" are really saying they dont want the responsibility of owning and caring for a animal. And then when confronted with said animal, they change to "I will die for you".
Aww cmon dont do that to him. All dads are like this because they dont want to go through the pain of losing another one
Because most dads know when it’s all said and done, they are going to be taking care of the dog.  Most don’t want the added responsibility.  Then the furry fuckers sink their cuteness and loyalty fangs into, and it’s over.

Source: 2 furry morons currently begging for pets as I am on the can typing this
He loves that dog because it's the son he never had.
I can’t get over the Joel Osteen book...
r/unexpectedOsteen
Most people who dont want Cats/Dogs say so cause of the fear/hurt of out living them.
There is no truer, stronger or purer love than that between a grumpy middle-aged man and the pet he swore to high heaven he didn't want.
Every single cat we got, my dad grumbled and groaned. Then two weeks later, he'd be running around the house asking, "Has anyone seen my cat?" *Your* cat???
Make sure you help take care of the puppy, that'll help dad stay happy.
Dads dont want dogs because they get too attached and then the dog eventually passes and they're stuck with kids again.
As a person who doesn't want a dog but the family got it anyway (the only difference is that im not the dad)

You have to realize that unless the person is a psychopath they will never not treat the animal well by playing with it or petting it. I pet our dog all the time, call her a cutie and give her treats when appropriate but i really don't want another one once she's gone.

I can't speak for everyone but my reasoning is that i don't want to take care of a dog, the responsibility for me is staggering, and i get anxious just thinking about.
He probably didn't want it not because he hates dogs, he most likely just didn't want to spend the time and money a dog requires.
Not sure if the Aww is dad or the puppy!
Reverse Psychology 100
+10 cute point for happy dad and happier puppy...-5 cute points for Joel Osteen book...
r/dadswhodidnotwantpets ladies and gentlemen
r/dadswhodidnotwantpets

One of the purest forms of love I've ever seen
That’s not why he didn’t want a puppy I can promise you that it isn’t the beginning it’s the end!
Punctuation.
I'm gonna need a video with sound, please.
People misunderstand why dads don't want dogs. They know they will love it, that's the problem
Mans best friend.
In one week he will be saying 
If your going outside take your brother with you
So wholesome, you can see the pure joy in both their faces
Lost me at the osteen book.
First thing that dad ask after coming home: "Where is my dogie?"
r/dadswhodidntwantdogs
DiDnT wAnT a DoG
Any one else immediately see the Joel Osteen book on the table?
That’s why he didn’t want the dog lol. He will become his primary care taker.
As a dad who does not want a dog, stop making these damn gifs. I know I would give him belly rubs, I know the dog would be cute. I will not be swayed.
Is that your dad on the cover of the book?
Seeing the unadulterated joy on his face rounding that corner is going to carry me through my day
no love is purer than the love between a dad who didn't want a dog and dog he eventually got
Dads only dont want dogs because they know its gonna die someday and dont wanna get heartbroken when it does, my dad told me that personally
I hated dogs my entire life. Kind of liked my cousins doberman. Then I moved and through necessity had to start dog sitting a friend's dog pretty regularly. I now love dogs and can't wait to get my own. It's amazing how having a dog around can change your entire outlook on life.
Still doesn’t mean he wants the dog to live there. Just means he likes playing with puppies.
Maybe he doesn't want a dog because he doesn't want to have to say goodbye.
My grandma loves my dog but she doesn't want one because she couldn't handle losing another one.
Tell your dad not to close his mouth like that if he wants him to stop biting, simply retract his hands quickly when bitten and make a yip sound. They will learn that it hurts you and that you stop engaging when bitten.
You can value having a house that is not a dog bathroom over having fun with a dog.  

I don't want a dog because of this. But as long as I lose the battle I am not going to take it out on the dog. I play with our dog. The dog loves me most. Even though I am there one who would rather not have one.
He’s so happy
I find that people who say they don't want a dog but have fun with it once the family gets one is because they don't want to get attached to it knowing that in a few years they'll have to part ways with the dog.
That was the case with my mom and one of my teachers, they both had dogs in their youth that they absolutely adored but when the dog eventually died they were very very heartbroken.
Someone needs to make a sub specifically about dads who didn’t want dogs, but then end up doing stuff like this.
It’s not that he won’t like the dog it’s all the extra work that is required to take care of the animal properly
This becomes less cute when you realize he has a Joel Osteen book on the table.
Most people don’t want dogs because of the responsibility and cost that comes with it.... save for sociopaths I don’t think anyone could resist the antics of apuppy already in the house.
>You think he didn't know what he was getting into?  
>  
>He's a dad, and a seasoned one by the looks of it. He understands exactly what it means when you adopt a cat.  
>  
>You love it.  
>  
>You can't help it. Stray cats love being loved, and it's only a matter of time before Mr. Softy falls in love with this cuddly little ball of fuzz. And make no mistake, he knows it.  
>  
>The cat knows it too. Everyone in the house loves this cat, but nobody as much as dad. Which is why the cat follows him around, and why more often than not you can find the cat curled up near or with dad. Dad starts to feed the cat, clean its litterbox, and pull the sting on the ground for it.  
>  
>The reason dad didn't want the cat isn't because he didn't want the cat, it's because he knew he'd love it completely.  
>  
>Years pass.  
>  
>The cat is old now. Like dad. It doesn't move as well as it used to, and sometimes needs to be carried up and down the stairs. It misses the litterbox sometimes, and of course dad is usually the one who cleans it up. Then, the diagnosis. The cat's kidneys are failing, and it's only a matter of time before it passes away.  
>  
>Guess who's choice it is to spend thousands to prolong this cat's life by an extra year or two, or have the cat put down?  
>  
>Guess who drives the cat to the vet, and holds it before the vet takes it away for the last time?  
>  
>Guess who looks into the eyes of this lovely creature for the last time, somehow understanding the final goodbye across the barrier of species and language.  
>  
>Guess who brings the body home.  
>  
>Guess who digs the hole in the back yard, and places the box down in it, gently.  
>  
>Guess who covers the hole. Guess who says the prayer.  
>  
>That's why dad says he doesn't want the cat.  
>  
>  
>  
>\- by u/courbple
Yep.  He's nice to it.

That means he's suddenly got tons of free time to walk and train it.

He's totally down with cleaning its shit and piss off of every surface of that house.

He found thousands of dollars that he didn't want to spend on it before.

He must not actually know which responsibilities he does and doesn't want.

Because he didn't immediately drown it in the toilet, you must be right to foist all of this on him, even when he expressly told you he wanted none of it.

Aww.
Sometimes I think that these dads who don't want to dogs don't hate dogs. They have lived long enough to have seen several dogs that they deeply loved die.

There was fear of loss behind that and not hatred of puppies. (Clearly)

The joy they embrace when the dog arrives is clearly worth it.
Is your dad Phil Swift
It really be like that xD
my parents were the same way. they said "we wont be adopting another dog anytime soon" and they took us to a dog parade where there were 2 dogs up for adoption. 2 days later we went to the shelter that was an hour away. both dogs were there, and one particular one was very happy to see us again. long story short, we adopted him and it only cost $200 to adopt him. 1 year later and he is a very smart, loving, and cute dog
“My dad who absolutely loves dogs but saying that won’t get me as many internet points”
He looks like dollar store Elon Musk but it's still adorable
We are NOT getting a dog!!!!!!
Dad didn't want the dog / cat are always my favourite posts.
It's a golden, yaaaay!!
Nothing is more strong then a bond between a dad and the dog he didn't want
People like this initially think with their wallet, and not their heart.
Elon Musk looks like he's happy now!
When your dad is turning the corner he has the biggest smile on his face 😭
Who is entertaining who here?
Same thing with my dad when we got are Saint Bernard. We got her from a breeder who wanted to retire her. That same night, he was on the on the floor, sleeping, arms around her
Doggos warm everyone's hearts, even the most strict parents
Lol that kid looks like a little kid running from the pup. That’s awesome, I have been wanting to get my father a puppy for the longest and he fights me every time.
So true. My dog I got when I was 10 passed away recently and my dad has been having a rough time for the last two months. He was so against getting her but now my mom finds him in tears sometimes when he sees her empty bed. Hasn’t moved her dog bowls or bed since she died
Dad wasn’t really in my life but my stoic grandpa was this same way with the family dog.
Puppies open the heart in a whole new way
They are both adorable! I see BFFs in the making...
I have watched this no less than 10 time with no end in sight. My heart!
Every father who's ever said no to a dog
Dads are just big little kids
you‘re never gonna catch me hahahaha
Dad: *don't want the dog*

Dad and the dog:
I can hear the "EEEEHEEHEE!!" in my head.
That little run lol
That smile on his face! So wonderful
Noone can resist puppy.
HAHAHAHA! 😆💗
Beautiful house
Is that your dad on the cover of that book?


Also, I can't even fathom living in a house this nice
My dad was the same way when my family first got a cat. Told us to take it back - a day later and he's all like "oh come here you cutie - I love you" 😂
I love seeing these kinds of things - sometimes you don't know what you want until you have it :3
Is your dad Greg Brady?
Never said anything bout a puppy
That's a man that knows how to get what he wants.
I imagine him to be the type of person who lost a little friend once in his life and then said he never wants another one so he don't get hurt anymore. And then this happens some day.
I had to watch this several times before my brain stopped asking, "Is your dad Arnold Schwarzenegger?" and still had to pause on his face before I was convinced.
thats what i like to call a pro dad move
lots of times father's don't want dogs because they know they'll get attached and then lose them 13-14 years down the line.
Whats with dads not wanting dogs but loving the heck out of them once they get one?
I love these posts. They’re so wholesome
I’m dreading the day my two year old starts begging me for a dog and I look like an asshole when I say no. He won’t remember the dog we had that when he was born. He was too young to remember the weekend he and my wife were out of town at a baby shower when I had to take my best friend to the vet on a Sunday morning because he wouldn’t eat, then finding out he had cancer and wouldn’t survive much longer. Having to make the decision to put my best friend down and then holding him when he went to sleep for the last time was one of the worst times of my life. I simply can’t go through that again.


RIP Boston 2011-2019. I’ll always love you mate xx
Dads don’t want dogs because we know some day we will lose them and we’ve been raised to never show a sad emotion or cry.
Dads always "don't want dogs."

It's obviously code. Dad's love dogs.
❤
I like the plank flooring !
I'm the one who didn't want a dog (still don't) but dad insisted.
Is your dad also the one on the cover of the book there!?
I run exactly like your dad
All right why did I think your dad was elon musk for a sec lol
Your dad didn't want a dog right after you got a dog?
Oh my god, the dog and dad are SO HAPPY!

That made me smile, thank you OP :D
HAH!! That smile when he turns the corner!
This is soooo cuuutteee

Also, you have a really pretty house!
This just brought a big smile on my face 😊
Just because a Dad doesn’t want a puppy, doesn’t mean that they can’t enjoy it when it comes!
My wife doesn't want a dog and won't even talk about the subject.  I've never had a dog and want one really bad.  At this point it would impact our marriage if I came home with one.
absolute meme moment
Is there a subreddit dedicated to exactly this?
I once got a stray cat home and my dad said no to keep it but i  still kept it in the home for a day and my dad and after i few hours i saw the cat on my dad's lap sleeping 
But then he told me that we don't have enough space (we live in a small flat) so you should give to to an animal rescue centre
And explained me how we are all out of the home for hours and the cat wouldn't get any chance to go out and explore ( we live on higher floor) and there is a lot of maintenance for the cat and stuff so i had to eventually give up the cat and i could feel my dad also didn't want to part with it but he had no choice
Sorry for my poor narration skills
Pure joy on that man's face lol
Thing is, dad always ponders all the responsibility of having a dog and how much of it he will have to do. So that's always gonna be a no.

Once the animal is there and bonding takes place. The rational reasoning vanishes.
His smile when he is turning the corner hahaha
Dad's face at the start is so wholesome
"Just like in the simulations"
This is such a broad stereotype that applies with almost any dad. My dad never and I mean*never* wanted a dog. We ended up wearing him down and got one and he is always cuddling her, spoiling her, picking her up and making sure she is okay. I cannot fathom that this has happened because I was convinced my dad was an outlier but nope, he’s probably one of the most smitten in the house. I think he sees how happy the dog has made the family and is grateful for it.
Is your dad Jon Favreau ?
Is that your dad on the cover of the book on the table?
Adorable, both dad and puppy ❤️
Is this just a cheap way to showcase his book on the table?
Awww he’s so happy
It always seems to work out that way. I worked on my wife for 11 years for a dog. She was the one who let in sleep on the bed.
Basically my Ma all three times I brought a dog home.
They're both so happy, this is great!
Why is there an antler on the table haha
r/dadswhodidnotwantpets too
Those plants are toast at the first squirrel sighting. Definitely recommend move to the floor, spray bitter flavor on them, and give puppo a way to see out without knocking down. Can also put cans with pennies on top, so nosing through them is unpleasant. The more unstable the better, I put them at a little tilt in the dirt and my cats learned plants=loud scary things falling and stay out.
Guilty.

Me: Ok, we'll get a cat, but it stays out of the bedroom!

The stupid cat now sleeps in the bed with me.
Look at that joy as dad comes around the corner. Love it.
r/Dadswhodidntwantdogs

r/dadswhodidnotwantpets
Why are dads always - NO ANIMALS IN THE HOUSE?
He's running like Will Ferrell and John C Reilly in Step Brothers.
These old tiring ‘my dad didnt want a dog now look at him’ stories are turning me to stone
r/dadsnotwantingdogs
Haha my dad beat the shit outta my adopted dog and sent her away when I was in the hospital.
Fucking hell that's a huge house.
The look of childlike glee ok his face as he runs around the corner. The world needs more of this.
Very good
I got my first dog right after I turned 18. My gf at the time was going to put their 6 month old aussie/pit mix up for adoption. The moment I met that dog I had a feeling he was mine and when I found out that good boi was going back to the shelter I couldn't stand the thought of losing him forever. My dad let me keep him in our duplex which didnt allow dogs so we ended up having to move a month or so later. My Big Baby and me went on to spend 15 years together thanks to my dad allowing me to bring him home. Two years later the heart break still hits me but I know it also still hits my dad.
Fuck pets!

*sees puppy*

Aww.... 😍
Pure joy.
Is your dad the man on the book cover or is he just dressed exactly like him?
I can see real joy in his face. They're gonna be best friends.
Sock-footed investor?
That’s probably why he didn’t want one. I was the same way. Never wanted a dog because I knew how soft it would make me.
Wow, the memes foretold is this would happen!
The author of the book on the table is your dad’s twin! Outfit and everything!
r/dadswhodidnotwantpets
You have a nice house
Look at the pure joy on his face!
His face makes it so much better
Dads are always the ones saying they don’t want the dog. But when the dog has to be put down the sad is the saddest!
r/bettereveryloop
Your dad is adorable and your house is very nice.
My dad didn't want a dog and then we got a dog. He kept trying to play with it and we led our dad to the front door and locked him outside. You don't get to play with our dog you bitch.
Haha I'm identify with dad.
He's gonna be sore tomorrow...
Your dads adorable
Which one is the little kid?
Let's wait till the dog take a shit in the carpet or when he has to walk it in a raining day.
Is that your dad on the cover of that book on the table?
So adorable!

What shelter did you all rescue from?
Spell doG backwards.
My dad is asian and he's a little more strict when it is about pets. When we got a dog without permission he was angry at first. After a hour he was just like him in the video.
I thought you had a couch that just faced an empty wall for a second there
The man on the cover of the book laying on the table looks like your dad!
Well, clearly, he is very upset about the situation.
Dads don't want dogs because they don't want their hearts broken every 10-15 years (sometimes sooner).

Film him after the dog dies for us. See how happy he is.
He's frolicking! That's so cute!
He's choking it.
He's running from the puppy cuz it knows he didnt want it.
Something my dad said to me when I was holding my niece as a baby and everyone was telling me to have another baby (when we don't want more)

"You can not want something and still enjoy it when it's around. Enjoying it doesn't mean you want it".

It really stuck with me. I don't want a dog. But I do enjoy being around them and playing with them.
Joel olsteen on the table and no shoes in the house and playing w new puppy. Ur father is a man of excellence.
Yeah....I think you just went down a notch in the family hierarchy.
Dogs are cute until everything leather you own has to be repaired.
"there's no greater love than that of a father and the dog he didn't want to get"
Ok, so does that book on the shelf have you dad on the cover in the exact same outfit ?
This girl dads
You know why dads dont want dogs? Because they know they are going to have to live through the loss of this little fluffball and thats shit is like kryptonite
Every dad secretly want a dog.
He looks like he is a kid again.
So he was okay with having a puppy?
Lol my dad doesn’t want a dog, but we are going get a dog anyways. I wonder , if he’ll react like this :’)
That's some nice plants you got there...
Suddenly every dad doesn't want a dog and get a dog anyway, also suddenly found out that they really loves dog. One of the biggest BS in 2019.
I normally go in for smart add comments but the look of child like happiness on this dads face genuinely made me smile for the first time in awhile
My fiancee's stepdad was the same way with their first cat. He didn't was one said if one was brought home he would take it to the SPCA but finally broke and said he will give the cat a week. We found out the reason he was like that is due to a broken heart. He had a dog, that he got as a puppy, that died unexpectedly at 8 years old and he didn't want to have to deal with another pet passing. Fortunately he fell in love with the cat and went out to get him a brother. Now he has become a crazy cat lady lol
I wish this had sound!
If you cant beat them might as well join them in the cuddles.
Everyone's dad on here doesn't want a dog.
Some people don't want a dog because they know they'll get very attached
Yikes at the book tho
That's lovely to watch.
Your dad looks like Bryan Cranston
Looks like Scrappy Doo
That first look on his face when he is running around the corner is pure happiness!
Dads don’t won’t a puppy because it’s a long time commitment as well as a depressing cycle when it’s time for the dog to pass on. The dad ends up being the soul provider and care taker for the dog. The dog becomes the fathers best friend than one day the father has to watch his best friend slowly wither away. Trust me it’s a hard thing to do. So before you pressure your parents into getting a dog think about how it will effect their mental state in the end.
Your dad is mega wholesome
Because in about 12 years, an animal you've come to love as a part of your family will be the cause of serious vet bills and immense grief. Dad is usually the one that has to deal with putting it down.
There should be a sub for dads not wanting dogs.

r/dadsnotwantingdogs
Aww the puppers!
It’s not that guys don’t want a new dog, we don’t want the added responsibility of having to do everything for it
This is so adorable
Look at his happyface
"My dad didn't want a pet" is the new "fucking my step mom" quality title. 

It's all bullshit.
Yep happened to my dad said he didn't want a dog. We got a dog, dad takes the dog on long ass 2 or so mile walks a day.
Brief moment of joy aside, this should be under AITAH for burdening a person, who expressly ask not to be, with the responsibility of a pet.
There are two kinds of people.

1. Those who love dogs

2. Those don't, until someone they know/live with gets a puppy
Did your dad write that book on the table? Lol
Because as we all realize, it was playing with a puppy he didn't want, not the 15 years of unwanted responsibility
We all like them but we know no matter what you people say, we are the one's who are going have to take care of them & clean up their shit.
Nice home!
A lot of people who say they dont want dogs are just protecting themselves from the inevitable heartbreak of losing them one day. It doesn't mean they dont love dogs. But once a family pulls the trigger and gets one, you might as well let the loving begin!
It's always the one who didn't want the dog, hahahaha! Puppy problems immediatly overpowered by the joy.
I need a freaking dog in my life
Your wood floors are so pretty
God bless them both. I rarely see such pure joy
That brings me joy
My friends family got a puppy to keep their older dog company and her dad acted like he hated him but we used to catch him giving him cuddles when he thought no-one was watching.
He just discovered what it’s like to have a dog in his 50’s, better late than never for that happiness
Dads don't want dogs 'cause they'll get too attached to them.
Dogs know they are great Lobbyists and can influence anyone.
That is cute same thing for me never liked pugs but got a blind and deaf one from a dog rescue nnow love pugs more then ever especially my pug who loves me so
My old dog Tessa (we had to put her down in 2014) was the sweetest dog (a Siberian husky shiba inu) MY DAD STILL HAS HER AS HIS LOCK SCREEN 

We got a new dog in 2015 named Charlie when we where getting the dog there was a baby and my dad was more interested in the baby (jack Russell chihuahua) 

Charlie and my dad despise each other Charlie growls at my dad bites my dad and pees in his room

This will probably get buried ngl
He knew his weakness. He wanted to avoid this.
Mission failed!
I love it ♡♡
He didn't want a dog because he knew he'd end up loving it more than you.
AMAZING
Did we just become best friends?
His smile
This made me smile after the week I've had. Thank you. Also makes me miss my dad. He loved animals so we had a lot of pets growing up.
Is this title just clickbait at this point?
Wholesome
joel osteen :(
As a dad: here's why...

We KNOW that once the puppy comes home, we will fall insanely in love with said puppy.  We will end up taking care of it most of the time.  And finally, we recognize the inevitable loss of a best friend that will come eventually.

We want the dog, we just don't want the responsibility and unavoidable heartbreak.  Usually cause we've felt it before.
This is so pure☺️☺️
Most parents who don't want a dog know the pain of losing it, that's why they don't want to emotionally Connect with another dog again.
Wow, he fooled you! He wanted the dog but just wanted you to get it instead of him. Suckers, you fell for it, puppy tails and all.
r/Dadswhodidntwantdogs
The prophecy is true
Skin tag
What kind of dog is that?
It was exactly the same with my family.
Just like the simulations!
Oh, he wanted the puppy...




He just doesn't want the costs associated with a puppy
Dad: doesn't want doggo

Family: gets doggo anyway

Dad and the doggo:
Your floors are so clean!! How?!
r/DadsWhoDidNotWantPets
Dad didn't want a dog because he knows the pain that's coming in the next 10-15 years.
Lovely house as well <3
Based on the Joel Osteen book on his table, I’d say he’s living his Best Life Now!
I love dogs, but I didn't want one either.

Because its going to make me extremely sad in ~10-15 years.
I watched this about 12 times just to see the dad's face as he rounded the kitchen corner - so joyful! And that puppy is in playtime heaven with his new friend!
Whaaaaaat The flip !?!?!?!?!?!?
Beware of with the couch! dont let him alone with them. Couches are bad and they know it!
Same with my dad but with cats.

it is only because it is so sad when they die.

My dad didn't want to feel the loss again.

But you know, one day you find a kitten under the rain, and, well, you have a new cat.
I've never owned a dog, but if I got one, I'd get an adult dog from a shelter that needs a home and is already housebroken.
I guess the reason for not wanting a dog is because it is hard when your dogs die :(
Such childlike joy.
There is no purer form of love than between a dad and the pet he said he didn't want.
Is your dad Joel Olsteen?
My brother got a puppy that my dad really didn’t want. He was supposed to go with my brother to college but him and my dad are inseparable now
Wait until it diarrheas so bad the smell actually wakes you up three rooms away. Lol
the purest love in the world is the one between grumpy dads and the pet they said they didn’t want
Peak dad.
Congrats, you dad now has the personality of a puppy.
Well someone has to make sure it gets exercise and feeds the damn thing!
Your dad is a good man, I see that Mike Rowe book!
The look of joy on his face as he rounds the corner ! 😂
Your dad reads Joel Osteen?
It's because he knows he will end up the sole caretaker for the animal and has no choice in matter, but neither does that little fella, they're bonded by their shared incarceration.
I think it's part of Dad Code to never want a pet but to love it excessively once it's there.
Your dad's actually choking the dog at the end
You can see the face of pure hapinnes on both of these guys
He's chocking it
Everyone wants a puppy, sometimes we just remember what it’s like to say goodbye too well.
OMG! I love this. The dad running through the house like a five year old.
I think that the reasons that dads don’t want a dog comes down to two things:
1. Dogs are a lot of responsibility to a degree that the people clamoring for a dog may not fully realize.
2. He knows he’s absolutely going to fall in love with it, and it will consume his life.
Gets em every time!  To be fair I didn't want our dog when we first got him but I bit the bullet for my wife.  Now four years later he's the biggest goofball and definitely part of the family.
r/dadswhodidnotwantpets
Adorable. 
Also I'm so nervous seeing a man in sock run on that hardwood floor. Was expecting them to slide away
That muzzle grab at the end is exactly what dads and grandads do who pretend they don't like puppies but accidentally like the puppy when it arrives. My dad and grandad both did it. It's funny how they don't like dogs but still play with them.
Dad and the dog:
Newsflash:  You've been replaced because you no longer play with your dad.
For a second I thought that was Jon Favreau
The same exact thing happened in my family with our cat
Me:”can we get a cat?”
Dad:”it’s too much trouble and we don’t need one.”
*family friends find stray kitten they can’t take care of and give him to us*
Dad:”OMG HES SUCH A PRECIOUS BABY!!!”
-_-
He prolly had a dog before that left him to live at the farm. He just didn't wanna get attached all over again.
Dad didn't want the dog. That's always the case here on Reddit.
Everyone thinks that us dad's don't want the dogs because we don't like them lol. It's the opposite it's because we love them and know the pain of losing them, it hurts when one day you get home and your kids let your dog out and he's dead but you can't blame your kids because they're already suffering
He likely didnt want to be the only one taking care of the dog... also, did he author that book on the table? Looks like him on the cover...
Nice house! Loved those indoor plants. And oh yes - cute video!
He's playing the old make them hyper and then leave trick.
r/dadswhodidntwantdogs
I think this is just what ever dad ever does lol
It was really nice of you to get a dad for your puppy to play with.
Looks like he keeps a book of himself on the table.
This is delightful.
RIP hardwood floors.  Worth it though.
Just because you don't want the dog doesn't mean you won't love it.
Every dad be like I think
The wording of the title makes it seem that, right after the family got a new puppy, the father didn't want a dog.
Because all dads are still little boys at heart.
OMG

THE MEME PROFICY HAS CAME TRUE XD
The love between a dad and the dog he doesn’t want is the purest bond there is
This is so precious!! Animals change our lives for the better with their love and acceptance 🤓🐾
Yeah, I love my cats, really not going to be good with losing them.   Yes the years of fun and love are worth it, but not wanting to go through that is a legit concern.
So it’s true
When you say Hey, Dad, how about a doggo?, none of his feelings are involved yet, but when the lil boi is there, his heart melts and joy overflows.
This was my father and every father before him after making such claims
I'd like to run around and frolic with your dad.
Nobody hates dogs. Or cats. If they really do, they have no soul.
Hey look its the 40 yr old me
hehe just a dad being a dad.. they're all the same in entire world.. cute doggo
Is that him on the cover of the book on the table?
I've seen this title before. But if was a different post.
I'm sorry side note. Is your dad on the cover of that book too?
Its common dads dont want pets -- the reason being they are the most logical family member and see these 3 things:

1. He'll end up taking care of it  -- Walks, buying things, cleaning up-- Its not all tummy rubs and snuggling

2. It will end up becoming his best friend in the family..

3. He'll get so attached to it and that he'll be the saddest person when it eventually passes on...
Who started cutting onions???
Is that him on the cover of that book?
My mon doesn’t like/want dogs.

I moved out, got a dog.

Now she’s asking me if she can keep my dog.
The purest form of love is the one between the dad and the dog he said he didn't want at home.
usually, dads don't wanna get a dog because they cannot stand the idea of losing a family member
Sure
I want that clean house ...
This honestly just made my heart melt. Never seen anything as adorable on here 💙
I got so much joy out of seeing Middle aged people being child like.
My dad was the same way.. Didn't want anything to do with getting a dog. I got one and he was obsessed and would always be the first to play and greet him
This is my dad and cats, he secretly loves them!
Wow I love that
Dad’s r like that because they experienced loss of their companions before. My dog passed away this summer and it was one of the most heartbreaking thing that happened. Know that pain, nobody can really get themselves back to raising a dog again. But once they take care of it, they give their best love to give the dog the best life they can have.
Socks on hardwood at his age? Risky man.
This is so wholesome. The smile on his face is adorable
1000th comment lol
This just made my day :)
Is your dad on that book cover?
The look of joy on that mans face is everything.
He's so happy!
This seems to be how it usually goes down, the parent that was so adamant about not getting the dog ends up having the most fun with it
The only two times I've ever seen my dad cry was when his dad died and when our first dog was dying of Cancer. My dad always like to play tough and say that he didn't like the dog. He would always like to pick on the dog, not in a mean way, but just enough to get him riled up. I remember after our dog was diagnosed with Cancer, and about two weeks before we put him to sleep, my dad came home with a small vanilla frosty.

He put his work stuff on the table, and he sat down on the step that connected the living room to the kitchen. He called the dog over and he has the dog start licking out of the frosty cup. Immediately he bgan to sob. He treats our current dog the same as our first, but I know when it's time to say goodbye to her, he'll be a sobbing mess.
Uhm... is your dad on the cover of the book on the table?
To be fair I also love dogs, but I have no ambition of taking care of one.  So I would play with the puppy too but at the same time not be happy at all about the daily duties.
r/PraiseTheCameraMan
Resistance is futile.
Is your dad Nick Saban?
Please tell me there's a sub for this! 

r/dadswhodidntwantpuppies

'Cuz every one of these videos is awesome!
Is that your dad on the cover of that book?
There purest love in the world is between grumpy dads and the pet they said they didn’t want
For some reason I heard Stewies laugh in my head as a watched him.
Every dad says that.....it's always a lie. Secretly all dad's want a dog.
Admit it, you never saw your dad running while smiling before that day!
Oh man, the joy in his face right as he’s turning the corner says it all!!
Joel Osteen anyone?
Should let the dog eat that Joel olstein book
I think you can see at the end where he’s clearly trying to choke him out.
That smile as he turns the corner
https://imgur.com/5K4DW4m.jpg
Joel Osteen book, tho.
Dads dont not want dogs because they're not fun, the dont want dogs because they know they are getting left doing all the shitty jobs while everyone else ends up doing the fun stuff most of the time.
Sometimes we reject someone/something just because we're afraid of loosing it, because we love it so much.
It’s cause the dad knows deep down that a dog will add to the bottom line. Be taking food and resources away from those he loves. But when the new family member arrives, he loves them no less than he loves everyone else. The plight of being depended on.
Holy shit that floor is goodly washed. It is like a mirror in wich you can see your self, with acne and spinach between the teeth and all.
Is the dad also on the cover of that book on the table???
It's so sad to me. My folks won't get a dog, because my dad says he wouldn't pick up the poop, and my mom doesn't want to be the only one picking up the poop. But my sister has a dog, and my dad and he are inseparable. I just wish he'd learn to pick up poop.
That smile on his face though, adorable
[That first frame.](https://imgur.com/a/e3UpsL5)

*(Does anyone know why is it listed as possible NSFW? It's not, I wholesomely promise!)*
Is that a book with his face on it on that table? If it is, talk about good product placement
It's always dads. I cant wait to be a dad so I say no and my family buys a puppy for me.
You have a mirror right next to the front door, which makes sense because you want to look at yourself right before you go out. You also seem to have a huge mirror next to yor tv watching area so that you can watch yourselves watching tv, which is a pretty badass move, honestly.
Gets better with every loop! Such glee!
With me it's my mom who doesn't want a dog but my dad does.
I love it! How quick people’s minds change huh? Lol.
This is always how it works. Dad against dog all the way up until they have the best bond of anyone in the house
Is Dad wearing the same shirt on the cover of the book!?
I use to have that couch and loveseat.
Puppies, genetically breed to be adorable.
Oh ya that’s not a family dog anymore. That’s your dads dog. Same thing happened to my family.
He was not prepared!
Dad's joy is infectious.  I felt it!
He was a dad. He was a dog. Can I make it any more obvious?
Ray from Trailer Park Boys looks really happy playing with his new puppy.
Too bad dad! He wanted you!
Dads are so weak. My dad was a manly dog person bleh no cats all his life. 
A start cat started coming into their house and it's his baby.
Inb4 Joel Osteen downvote brigade
You have nice floor
The smile on his face is so genuine this makes me happy!
Your dad looks like Tom Cavanagh
You had me until the Joel osteen book
You have a lovely home
And my axe.*
Slightly older Jimmy Fallon looks like he loves dogs as much as current Jimmy Fallon
Plot twist:he pretendet that he liked the puppy, and then after he ate the puppy🤔
These kind of post are my favorite.
I'm happy that he's happy
No love is more true than the one between a dad and a pet they didn't want.
They don’t want to get too attached.  I get it too, it was really hard losing both my dogs. But dogs will always make the best companions.
So the prophecy is true...
Nobody can resist the power of the Dog Side
Dads don’t want dogs because they know what it’s like to get super attached and then lose them. Of course they would love the dog, they just don’t want to go through that pain again.
he he ehe eh ehe he he
Mannnnnnnnn I need a puppy..
The prophecy is true
I don’t want an animal that I will love with all my heart.  They change their minds quick.
They always say they don’t want a dog
It looks like your dad is on the cover of that book on the table.
Dads don,t want dogs because they know what happens 10 to 15 years later. 

&#x200B;

Source : Am a dad.
You dad looks happy and the handsome pooch too.
Pure unfiltered joy!
There’s no greater love than a grumpy dad and the dog he didn’t want.
My brother brought home a dog without permission from my parents once and my mom was FURIOUS. She kept acting like she was angry and wouldn’t give the dog attention, and one day I went downstairs for water in the middle of the night and discovered she was going down to cuddle with the dog every single night. That is HER DOG now. 😂
If he’s like me, he might not want a dog because if all else goes well, you watch the damn thing die.

Edit. I have two dogs, btw. They are the best.
i really love this scenes! dogs are truly the man's BFF
Is your dad Ray from the Trailer Park Boys?
Nice video but you should quit supporting Joel Osteen.
I’m convinced fathers ALL say this not because they don’t want a dog but because they know how attached they will become.
Like dogs, we don’t deserve Dads.
Did your dad write the book on the table ? Looks exactly like him. Outfit and all
Post a video after the first poopie on the rug too
why do dads love the dogs the most?
I see your shoe covers dad. I too am a slave to them by order of the most high. Mom.

Edit. No shoe covers. I got a case of the dumbs.
His face as he’s running around the corner is absolutely perfect.
This almost makes all the long hours in the crate worth it.
Is that your dad on the cover of that book?
Is you dad also the one in the book cover?
Lol dad got the zoomies
