FRANK THE TANK
I love this absolute unit of a Frank
Oh my god look at how polite and professional he looks in the first one.
He’s so stinking cute. He looks like a Pixar character.
This chonky boy is unfortunately not mine, however feel free to follow him on his Instagram @frankthedoggotank for more of his pittie smiles :)
There is no other name for this dog but Frank....to be frank, frankly Frank is adorable
This dog looks like the creature those old ladies find in that one lady's closet from Evolution.
Jeepers Frank, your legs are so short!
Dont think I’ve ever seen a dog fit his name so well before <3
Frank is 110% a r/rarepuppers
He looks so much like a Frank, lol!
Heard he likes to bang hoors down under the bridge where he boils denim 16 hours a day.
Looks like you adopted a human. In the before face he looks like a man who just had his lunch and now wants a coffee. The after pic is right after you invited him home for coffee.
Please tell me you named him Frank because he looks *exactly* like Danny Devito...
He looks exactly like a Frank! Haha
r/BeforeNAfterAdoption
Doggo totally looks like Haley Joel Osment
I would commit homicide for frank
I absolutely love Frank!
I hope he was named after Danny Devito's character Frank Reynolds.
Frank is perfect. Instantly thought of Danny DeVito from Always Sunny.
i would die for frank
Looks to be a pitbull french bulldog cross
FRANK THE TANK! FRANK THE TANK!!!
“Picture of a dog with his mouth closed, and open￼”
Frank, you are a flawless being. Please soak up all the love this world has to offer. Thank you for being an angel ♥️
Baby yoda vibes
He looks like King Gristle from the Trolls movie a couple years ago
This is the best thing i have seen all day. Great job!!!!
That's not a dog, that's a meatball
Fuck man, forget his smile (as awesome as it is). The change is that dogs eyes tell you how different his life is for him now. True happiness.
That's the face of a pup that got all that he ever wanted
All dogs make both those expressions all the time.  It doesn't necessarily mean anything.
Me: dogs and cats don't show emotions the same way we do, and we can't interpret their expressions as if they were human.

Also me: aaaw he had a sad face before and now he is smiling, so cute happy smiling puppy.
He has this kind of sad hopeful look in the first pic
He totally looks like a Frank
r/incorgnito?
Blessed frank
Frank does look like a Frank.
JFC, Frank made my year 2020.  What a handsome doggeh.
Perfect name !
I have never seen a dog's name match their face more
The Pixar dog got adopted!
Dr. Mantis, Mantis Dobargain
He looks like a Pixar dog in the before photo.
Lookit that stubby lil’ fucker! I think I’m in love!! He even LOOKS like Danny DeVito!
His legs look like they might snap
u/MissZimmerFame
Holy shit, this is the most "Frank" pupper I've ever seen.
Welcome home Frank!
He looks like someone you do NOT want to mess with!!!
(But also someone u def. wanna pet...)
Frank looks like a really bulky toad.
That's a lovely little meathead you got there.
Very stout.
This little meatball is one of the cutest things I've ever seen in my life.
Moiii he is so cute, so nice that you adopted him but well how couldn’t you??
Looks like a farter
#*SO FUCKING CUTE OH MY FUCKING GOD*
# BIG CHONK
If Patton Oswald was a dog this would be him.
Frank is a dapper fellow.
My boy was named Charger by the adoption center when they found him. We couldn't tell why, as he was always so timid in his little pen. Then, we took him outside for some playtime once we got him home, and BOOM he zooms around the entire backyard, no joke springboarding off the fence (and people) n shit and we just so ahhhhhh that's why.
Had anybody mentioned that this dog kinda looks like the kid from "UP"?
Sign that refrigerator of a dog up for football asap
So I remember seeing the picture on the left, looking for someone to adopt him and I fell in love immediately. and i'm not really even a bull dog person.

I'm so glad to see that he's been adopted by a good home
Oh man I remember seeing the first pic months ago and of course wanted him to be adopted immediately. This post has closed a beautiful circuit in my mind, thankyou
[removed]
Awww thanks for making him so happy!
I love frank
Frank just looks like her loves snacks
Chonky boy
cute dog ya got there
What a cutie!
This is a repost.
So breathing vs not breathing with mouth open
poor creature
Tell Frank I love him, then let him kiss your face
Looks more like Frank's Linkedin and Tinder profile pictures
Frank the Tank!
Frank the tank.
OMG I LOVE HIM
Such a cute boi.
That says it all!
What an absolute Unit.
Frank is adorable and you are a wonderful guardian for him!
Omg that is the cutest face, ugh! I just want to squish and love it and have it. Lol
Before looks like he's just hoping for the best and the after photo looks like he found gold
Nice and THICC.😂
Frank is the absolute perfect name for this good boy
Who wouldn't want to adopt Frank?!
Adorable! Rescues are the best dogs!
So cute
Before and after being called a good boy :)
I love Frank
BEST BOI.
what a sweet boy
This is why my wife and I have to stay away from animal shelters. We already have three dogs and our family has 8 in total. I couldn't resist that face.
Frankly, Is he just adorable, or what?
He looks like he enjoys face scritches
he's so much happier! I applaud you for adopting him and i wish you both a long and happy life! <3
This is literally Frank the Tank Hahahaha we used to call my fat beagle Oscar Frank the Tank because he was an absolute unit!!
Frank reminds me of Ed Asner so very much.
Frank as a good boi before and after adoption.
He looked like a right chonk. Has he been on a diet or is it just perspective?
Hi Frank
Big boi
Ugh. That face. So adorable.
"Sup.."

"HAAAAAAYY"
Frank the tank!
Look at that handsome chunky hunk ❤️
He looks like adult [Haley Joel Osment](http://www.gstatic.com/tv/thumb/persons/67918/67918_v9_bb.jpg).
Such chunk.
I LOVE FRANK
OMG I just wanna love on this stubby legged boy! 😍😍
I love Frank
Man, I wish I had a dog.  Can't wait to go back home and hug my family dogs...
FRANK GOT ADOPTED!!!!!!
is he a dwarf or is he just like that
Those eyes!!!!! Gal darn is he ever the cutest or what!!!
Lmao, he looks like a Frank
Oh my god that dog is absolutely precious
This made my day! He's adorable!
Such a suiting name lol
He turned that frown upside down.
What a happy good boy haha! So cute
I want to pet him 😭
Look at it's face. It looks like a chunky baby yoda.
That's Wilford Brimley
Almost looks like a r/incorgnito
That's one of the most Frank looking dogs I've ever seen.
So cute I want to hug him.
Frank is so adorable! I love his happiness
Ok I love Frank
This is meme worthy
Cute pooch. Much smiles
Frank looks like he was designed by Pixar
Look at how fat and cute
Ahhh Frank thats funny. From his big smile and the name Frank gives me a Men in Black vibe of Frank the dog-alien
r/mademesmile
Frank is an absolute champion! I love Frank. ♥️♥️♥️
Looks like Barry Corbin
I want him
Looks more like a before and after job interview face haha
Frank the Tank!!
I mean thats typical Frank, good boying all over the place
Yay, Frank!
Looks just like my Bullie .
lol aww look at that smile. Dude is built like a tank, frank the tank :D
Watta handsome chonk
What an adorable little meatball!
He's no Poppins, but he's a pretty cool dog.
Omg so adorable
Awww! hes so cute and chunky im in love ♡♡♡
Love Frank's face!
 I would have adopted him too😍
Damn, he looks like a Frank too. This is great!
That is the frankiest Frank I've ever seen!! I love that smile!!!
Finally some positive Frank representation
That frown literally turned upside down!
i love frank
Frank is a *beautiful* boy!
Who’s a good boy?
He looks so happy!!! Happy adoption day to you all!
Wow I love Frank
He looks like a "Frank"
frank is the best thing to ever happen
Holy shit 🥺
Totally looks like a Frank. Congrats!
Tell Frank i said hi
He looks like a Frank!
I don’t know why I misread “adoption” as “abortion,” but I did, and I was very confused...
No this a repost that gullible people on r/aww ate up.
i like frank
He absolutely looks like a Frank
What a handsome love bug
I want that face in my face hes too cute I cant handle it
He looks happy
I like Frank
he looks so polite
holy crap, that dog is so fricken cute
Soooo cute :)
Awww so cute love him!
OMG HE'S SOO CHONKYY
Why is Frank such a dog name.
If Danny Devito was a dog
If Dani Devito was a dog
So much happ!
Frank. You need to know, I would die for you. You beautiful chunk.
If the rock was a dog, this would be him. I mean damn look at them muscles!
He is super cute
Looks more like a George Costanza
What a dapper lad! I can just hear the noises he makes when he's excited. Something along the lines of hgh snort efefhghghg \*wiggles body\* snortsnort hghhhghg

I love it <3
You ever see that fast running thing from the movie john Carter? Lol I think you caught one of those no chance you can get rid of em now youre stuck for life 😄
Good story
Nn
My man FRANK
This dog could not look more like a Frank.
CHONK
Omg that face
Is it just me or does this dog legit look like a Frank?
Perfect name 😂
Frank is God
This dog is so cute I want to punch myself in the face...
The pic on the left his frown is so cute. My bullmastiff used to do that when he was grumpy miss him so much
My heart literally just melted! What absolute dude! 

Frank the tank! Pretty chonkster I wanna cuddle home so bad omg
Holy crap what an absolutely adorable little meatball!
I love Frank, I still perfer my dog Hank
Frankyyy
~~If only humans were..~~ Frankly stark!
Please tell me you call him Frank The Tank !
I doubt this dog had to be adopted
How did such a beauty end up in that shitty predicament to begin with :(
Is frank a midget? I think his smile is as wide as he is tall.
Hi Frankie!!!
thicc boi
Franks former self is an impossible oyster.
10/10 would boop
Oh my goodness, what a sweet angel boi. 😭
What a cute lil babbbbbby
Thank you for make me smile.
You can see the hope and excitement in his eyes when's he's at the  kennel. I'm glad he found a home
When will y'all come to terms with the fact that dogs don't emote with their faces like humans do? I'm happy for Frank though lol
He was happy before he was adopted. In the first pic he's just calm
^(S T O U T B O I)
These two photos could fit the Drake meme format adorably well
He C H O N K
Ohhh what a cutie!!!! Look at that handsome face, and beautiful smile 😍
So  cute
https://youtu.be/oGJr5N2lgsQ
Is there a subreddit for pics of animals before and after adoption?  


Edit: r/BeforeNAfterAdoption
He got a bit hotter
I love him
I fucking love Frank
His name had to be frank. I'm glad OP realized this.
Beautiful dog! Congratulations on being this guy's parent.
Give that dog a bowler hat.
Would rub his tum 15/10
Omagod, he legs too smol for he gatt Damm body
Ah, Frank! I followed his story on Noelani's IG, so cool to see him here :)
I swear, dogs are so damn smart. When I adopted my dog she did this too. When I got her she was so scared and timid. The car ride home she was so nervous and was shaking and everything. But the moment, and I mean the exact moment, that her little doggy paws passed over the threshold, she was a totally different dog. She was so happy and excited. She ran all over while wagging her tail like crazy.
If I saw this picture 3 months ago he would be mine.
looks like a frank
Proof that animals have emotions <3

LOOK AT THAT FACE <3<3<3<3
Happy little chonker now! Great choice saving a friend like that!
"Frunk", cause most everything is in the front.
Now he looks like a happy good boi!
Frank the Tank!!!
Chonk.
Is his name Frank because he's a little sassage?
Aw! That snuggle wuggle face I just want to hug! 

Adorable little fella' you've got there!
Literally just said “aww”
This made me smile for atleast a min
Doesn't even look like the same dog 💛
He's smiling : )
OP got a lot of points and gold for a dog that isn't even his lol
This makes my heart smile so big!!
Franke! 

Frnk

Fraynk!


Smol round boi!
That dog looks like Barry Corbin. https://imgur.com/a/XWsxVpe
Frank's awesome
DAMN BOY HE THICC
Barry corbin is that you?
Frank the tank!!
I love him he looks like an old man :’)
Aaaaawwwwweeeeeee
Looks like Dale from King of the Hill in the first picture
Chunky
His eyes in the left picture are breaking my heart
😭😭😭❤️❤️❤️
Frank is fucking thick
His head could be used by the swat team to breach doors
Probably one of the most photogenic dogs I’ve ever seen. That doggie smile is amazing.
Is this Danny Devito in dog form?
I love Frank
both are cute
What a handsome lad.
So adorable
fuck you
This is the spirit animal for many people.
I. LUB. HIM.
This would make the Grinch’s heart grow FOUR times.
OMG THAT FACE is absolutely lovely!!!
This guy is perfection.
Both photos are equally heart-melting, so glad this expressive boi got adopted!
He looks like he was animated by Pixar
My guy! Frank the TANK
Before and after of being called a good boy
We found him. The squarest boi in existence
From 😐 to 😃❤️
Looks like Mr. Brown lol
Petition for frank to be the new drake format!
The first thing you said to that dog was probably “let’s turn that frown upside down “
Sweet Frank.
Looks like frank from its always sunny in Philly
He’s a happy boy.
Hi, Frank. You’re a good boi.
I’ve never seen a dog more worthy of the name frank
Omg he is such a Frank.
What an adorable sweetie!!
Chonk!
r/velvethippos
i would die for frank
Ayyy Frankie, it's Tony.
I’ve never seen so much emotion contrast in two pics ❤️❤️❤️
Most horrendous dog I've seen
SO CUTE :’)
Which one is Frank?
Please tell me he has a friend named 'Beans'.
Frank looks like a very happy, sweet good boy!
Cool, but what breed is he?
He is 100% a Frank. No other name could possibly fit him.
Chonk.
First pic looks like a dog version of Danny Devito.
Frankenstein!
omg look at that facE!!! pupper...
Frank has a good face
FRAAAAAAAAANK
Looks so happy
That’s a big boy!
OMG.. I hear the PLEASE in that first face.
Tyler the creator as a dog.
Frank. As in...always sunny?

The resemblance I striking.
😭😭😭this is the sweetest thing ever
Its these kinds of posts that remind me that "The eyes are the mirrors of the soul."  Plainly evident that the soul is far happier now.  Sweet pupper!
Oh my goodness, he looks like a friendly old man that wants to go for coffee. He's so adorable!
Frank is happy. All is well
He looks like a cartoon in the first one
Frank is flat-out adorable! What a great name too! Frank the Tank! Great smile he has.
why does he remind me of Winston Churchill in the first pic?
Frank is a really cute meatball.
God damn frank, outstanding move
Large and in charge
i hope frank gets as much enjoyment as he can out of life with all his genetic issues :(
FRANK is simply GORGEOUS!!!! Wow!
It’s Danny devito....dog
Oh my god he's so CUTE! I just wanna smoosh his face (gently) and give him all the loves!
Cute baby
AWWWWWW SO FUCKING CUTE JSJWHWIAKAMSNDBJKSNSJSKSHJFKDJDJSKDKJFJDIDLSKSJSJSKSJALSKSJSJJDJDIDKDSIS I CANTGSJSSJKSJDJDJDJJDJJ
I would do a picture of my good boy but im a lil embarassed at how much i spoil him. Hes not obese but hes gained some weight since being adopted.
More bloodsport dogs on /r/aww

Bizarre.
Is he a pitbulldog?
Sweet cheeks
That sad face looks like a Pixar character. Glad Frank found a home!
I would die for frowny Frank
This might sound weird but I don't think I've ever seen a name suit a dog so well in my entire life.
Now that's one big pupper and I love him.
I love you Frank
Big Frank the one you spank
That name nails it. Congrats on the cool looking pooch.
He looks like a frank. Perfect!
Frank is Baby Yoda cute.
GIVE FRANK PIZZA!
He’s a happy boy!  ♥️
Happy to see you happy, Frank.
He doesn't look happy in the left picture but he still feels so warm... idk how to explain it
His before pic looks like the prince from the movie Trolls!
Frankie!!!!
I love frank
This dog has the face of a Frank.
He looks like a frank
There is nothing like a smiling dog, it always makes me smile when I see one.
I'd take a bullet for Frank.
On the left he looks like wilford brimlie
Reminds me of the veterinarian from The Ranch series.
The before photo hit me in the deepest depths of my soul.
He looks like a Frank.
I’d not know why but I first read adoption as abortion
Ngl, I'd die for frank.
This is  FrankTheDoggoTank  on IG.
So franking cute 😍
He has the most amazing face and expression! He looks so happy now compared to the shelter (I assume) face ! What a beautiful beautiful boy, I'm surprised he ever ended up being rehomed with that gorgeous lil face xxx
He looks like a frank and I love it
Lol thought it was before and after weight loss
Yay so cute
You can really tell Frank is a sweet boy. On the right he's a *happy* and sweet boy!
From FLUMF to EEYYYY!
TANK https://i.ytimg.com/vi/Ga91YpvfJLE/hqdefault.jpg
ALLRIGHT FRANKIE
I’ve never seen a dog with a more fitting name. He looks like a Frank
Frank is just handsome chonker. And I love Frank
Frankie my boy, you are the best boy, just don't tell my boy cuz he is best boy too.
Tell Frank that his smile made my day, please.
Omg the happiest lump I love him
So beautiful
❤️❤️😘😘😘😘
Shorty Boyd
Frank before looks to have smaller eyes
On the same carpet with the same wall... this is definitely just a happy looking picture and a sad looking picture
can you please tell Frank that i love him
Looks like that old vet from "The Ranch".  They need to get those two together
:(   


:D
He looks like a dog who's had a trying time and was given the amount of egg he needed
Non bulldog owner here, is he a mix?
What a cute ass dog wow.
This is the best before/after of all times!
The noise I made.  Frank is my soul.
If he was a person- he’d be a pot bellied man with a bowling hat. 

Or hagrid the gameskeeper at hogwarts. 

He was a very cool almost human energy. 10/10 for personality
"Would you care for a treat in these trying times?" - Frank, probably
I hope I feel this change once I find a family.
His name is Frank. We call him oddjob
Cute little man!
Look at that smile!
Chonky boiiiì
Frank is a cartoon dog. I don't know why but this dog is built for Pixar
Awww Frank I love your little face!
Looks like a precious Frank to me.
Omfg...where do people find these swole ass pits for adoption? I love my dorkie (dachshund/yorkie), but dude if this unit was around I would have him guarding my front door.
“Tell Scarlett I do give a damn.”
Cute doggi
Awwww
Hey hello I would die for Frank the Tank
His before picture looks like someone stole his stapler.
Yay Frank!!!
Frank rules and I would adopt him infinity times.
If he could talk I feel like he would sound like Danny Devito lol
I would die for Frank
He is a cute mass of squat cuteness.
I love frank
He looks like a Frank
He seens so happy!
His eyes look so human in that first pic...it's adorable but weird.
I want to see pic of Frank getting a hug from New family
Frank needs to lose some weight.
Dog smiles are the sweetest thing known to humankind.
Anyone know what he is mixed with? He is awesome!
Oh my heart! Frank is such a derp! That smile! I know he is an absolute wiggle butt!
Cute pooches
If I was a rich dood I would adopt a hundred dogs and hire a crew of trainers.  Then I would visit my army of trained dogs and we would go on epic walks together.   With park pit stops where I can cuddle with a dozen good dogs.  Why have I not heard of any rich doods doing this?
I would die for Frank. This absolutely made my day 1000% better. I love Frank!!?
Omg what happened to his nose!?
I see Don Rickles!
I would absolutely die for Frank
Quite Frank-ly I can tell that this dog is a very good boy
I love Frank
Frank, I love you
O.M.G. He's a snausage! I love him!
"Who's a good boy!?!"  Sorry, I couldn't resist.  :)
My dog was named Frank too!
He is adorable 😍
Beautiful.  😍
He looks a Pixar movie waiting to happen 😁
Dogs can't 'smile', you fucking morons. Mouth Closed/Mouth Open.
Damn yo I remember seeing this dog like 10years ago and using him as my profile picture because I was qUiRkY. Nice to seen him again.
Frank is awesome
He's so chunky I love him
Damn! Frank is a big ol' boy!
He is a big worm! I love him so much!! Angel
Oh my God I love this chunky boi
Oh my god I love him!
OP, I’m really glad that Frank got adopted. He looks so happy!

But please, tell the owner to help Frank lose some weight. It’s really bad for him to be this way. I hope that he becomes much healthier.
He looks so happy
:( ---> :)
Glad Frank is happy. Also, to be frank, Frank is the Frank-est looking Frank to ever frank. Great looking pup with a great name:)
Fronk
this is the best post EVERRRRRRRR
Adorable!!
The first pic looks like he took it to go with a LinkedIn profile.
That’s an adorable dog.
Choncccker
What a beaut!
I’m so happy for Frank!
i shit you not i thought that said abortion
Cute!
Look at that meatball
I LOVE THIS CHONKNUGGET
This dog is soooooo cute
It's like he has a glow in the after!
Aww! He looks so sad on the left 😭
What a good boy. Too for you guys!
That’s one squat American bully aka micro/pocket bully.  I’d pay good money to adopt him.
That’s one good looking pup! So happy he found a forever home. Go Frank!
He can get all the boops.
thank u for this
His eyes hold a world's difference of emotion in those pics.
Is that a pit and bulldog mix?
What a sweet boy 💙
He looks like a good boy
Awwww that face
Sad Frank nosies
He's so cute he's just like happy to be alive I love him
Absolutely precious
I love him so much
That's just adorable
FRANKIEEEEEE!!! I WUV YOUUUU
r/mademesmile
Looks like you had already adopted him in the first pick tho
Did you name him Frank cause he looks like the dog version of Danny Devito
high meme potential
Please tell me his last name is Reynalds
Relevant. https://youtu.be/vwTy_iCmGmA
The goodest boy! Wasn't his adoption name Meatball or Meatloaf or something?
Very much a Frank
BEFORE:Serious Potate



AFTER:  Ecstatic Velvet Hippo
That dog is absolutely a frank
You on with your best self, Frankie Boy!
he is chOnky
First one is when mom says no to a toy u want the second one is when she brings you food when you never asked
Frank looks like Mr. Belvedere!
I like happy Frank. He brings me joy
Ok Boomer
That is the frankiest Frank I have ever seen, frankly.
I want frank! but im happy he got a home. he looks like a very good boy
Looks like he lost some weight. Good on his owners! So much better, especially for those breeds.
"DO IT AGAIN! FILL IT UP AGAIN!  IT'S SO GOOD...ONCE IT HITS YOUR LIPS IT'S SO GOOD!"
What a belter
He looks cute in both pictures
He looks like such a happy boy! :D
I would die for you Frank
Frank is awesome! :)
Frank looks like Yoda Jr.!!!!!!!!
I like the 1st image. The second one is just him panting and it looks like he's smiling, which he isn't because he's a dog
Look at this absolute goober
Micro/pocket bully, he might be considered an exotic. Lots of inbreeding in those lines I believe
r/velvethippos
Absolute UNIT
I love frank
Getting crash-tackled by Frank would be bliss.
What an adorable little meatball!
Frank Reynolds
omg, this cutiepie!
He looks like he drinks fight milk: by body guards, for body guards.
why does he look like andy ruíz tho?
WHY IS HE SO CUTEEEE!?
Frank in the 1st picture like "Where's me bowl at, bruv?"
Frank looks very personable. 🐶
Warms my heart!
He looks like a Frank for sure haha
Digging the smile Frank’
Okay this one is good.
Frank the tank! Absolute cutie!!!
What a sweet face!
The eyes. You can always tell by the eyes.
He's ADORABLE!! God I love him.
What a sweet boy. I love him. Thanks for adopting.
I have never seen a dog whose name fit them so perfectly. He is fully a Frank.
Adorable tank
The name frank fits him sooo well lmao
This guy looks like he's about to be every middle schools mascot.
Frank is an absolutely perfect name for this good boy!
FRANK
Bless you.
Disclaimer: IDGAF about downvotes and don't read them. 99% of the time I just hate pitbulls (look show many humans die by breeds other than pitbulls compared to bully type breeds. Bully breeds
 Bully mixes. Who cares about specific dna. The ones with jaws that rip flash best. Fuck them. Then shut up.) This guy looks like a bit of a mix. He warms my heart.
He needs a tie, not a collar.
It tears me up how sad the adoption pics always look. But it always makes me feel good that they find their forever home in the next picture. <3
that picture on the left is the same face my cat makes when he wants to poop and you don't let him outside the second he meows at you.
Beautiful boy.
I fucking love him.
What a cute lil unit.
Wow frank is cute
Oh my goodness he's just a super happy sweet boi!
What a happy beautiful boi. ❤
I can’t tell if I like grumpy face or happy face better. I’d pinch those jubbly cheeks either way!
We love you frank!
Hims good boi and deserves lots of pet and treats ♥️.
Oh please left is the first google result if you search cute
💔
He doesn't look like a 'Frank'. I will call him 'Mr. Pudge Pudge'
I love Frank
He's just so beautiful
I'll take the before please. MUCH cuter 😍😍😍
I thought it said abortion at first lol
Omg. Frank is divine!
Their little doggy jail faces are horrible to see.  Mr. Chonk is living the life now though.
He kinda looks like Barry Corbin oO
AAAHHH look at him just eeeeee so much concentration of goodnes just let me cuddle him till the day I die
precious puppy!! he looks so happy now!!
Aw, Frank.... You earned it bub!
Oh look at that big man
These could be illustrations of "sad" and "happy" in a psychotherapy workbook. I'm glad Frank's story ended on "happy"!
Before: Aw, here's another hooman. Gonna look and keep going. Again.

After: I got a new hooman! I'm a very happy pup!
Oh he is the most handsomest unit!!
Eyeyeyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
this makes me beyond happy 💕
If you are the one adopting Frank, be sure to wipe out his wrinkles and ears often. Make sure he stays fit because if he gets too fat, it will make it hard for him to breath. Keep him cool on hot days <3
You can see the apprehension in his eyes has grown to full happiness. Cheers to you and Frank.
W I D E
r/beforeandafteradoption.
Frank is absolutely named appropriately
He looks like such a dumb fuckin baby on the left I love hime
Left: "I'm not adopted yet but I'm still gonna keep my head up!" Right: "Fuck yeah!"
Just found out who this lil guy is, and my sister told me she wanted to adopt him but just missed him
Such a cutie!!!
Such a cute dog, but it's such a bloody shame people are breeding them with such fucked up physiology.
I love frank!
Not to be dramatic or anything. But I would die for frank
Happy boi!
LOOK AT THAT FACE
Notice how his eyes are lit up in the after pic. He’s a happy boy!
Frank is the perfect name. He's awesome.
What mix is that?
r/AbsoluteUnits
So handsome! What breed pup is he?
Frank, best doggie ever!

Someday I am going to get a big-ass ranch and start a dog sanctuary!  I've got two dogs but I'd love to get more.  Our house just can't take it.  That smile makes me think that I can--I'm the daughter of a cat rescuer so I'm sure I can figure it out!!!
Make this a meme template
I remember when he was first posted here someone decided that Dog Goodboy was a good name for him, and that's what he'll always be known as to me <3
I love Frank's story. I'm happy he was adopted after staying at the shelter for so long. I hope he lives the happiest and easiest life possible.
Oh mannnnnn 😭😭😭
Left kinda looks like the kid from UP
He’s simply breathing through his mouth in the after photo. Don’t try to humanize dogs...
I have loved this dog from the first time I saw him
Me before you, me first!
How cute is this! Love dogs 💜
BUBBAS!
Frank reminds me of Barry Corbin
Looks like they tried to rebreed an english bulldog to a healthier form from an amstaff.
VELVET HIPPO!!!!
He looks like he's named after Frank from IASIP
There must be a reason why they look so sad before. Wonder how they treat em at the pound
hims a mo'fukin CHONKER
The newest member of the PAW Patrol.
This is the Danny DeVito of dogs
Lovely happy dog
OMG in the "before adoption" is cute af!!! pet him lots for me, please!!!!!
Aw lawd he STOUT
No other name would have fit him.  That’s the face of a Frank.
Awww
Frank has seen the devil
Thank you first for adopting and not shopping. He looks like his forever humans are making him extremely happy maybe a tad should, but any animal in a shelter deserves to be spoiled a bit. I'm so in love with his smile. You've made him a happy happy boy. Thank for that. 🐾🐾😎😎🐾🐾
he's like dug from UP 

:-)
By the glowing in his eyes you can seize his happiness

That's how I can distinguish happiness in dogs
Frank is the perfect name for this absolutely perfect unit.
His sad little eyes in the left panel :( 

So glad he found a forever home :)
Frank is a cute little guy!
That's a fine lil' meatball you got there :3
What kind of dog is this
Beautiful boy!!!! I have a bully I named Frank as well.  I thought it was a fairly original name until recently.  

Your pup has a wonderful smile!
So special ❤️
So cute 😭❤️
What a handsome young man!
He cool cause he fat
My heart just burst into a thousand pieces from the absolute meatball perfection of this nugget.
Awwwwww
I’d die for Frank
Frank the tank
So panting and not panting? Cool.
He’s adorable!
Hey. That looks like my grandma!
Before: Welp.

After.: Weeee!!
Frank is absolutely adorable.
Frank I love you
Cute 🐕
What a precious little potato
fat head u/lesbianbeachbabe
Damn. He looks like Winston Churchill!
I would die for Frank
Sweet chunk!
Awww, what a sweet little potato!!!! I'm so happy that he found a home! <3
He actually looks cuter in the "before."
Beautiful! ❤️
damn that's a great looking poocho. That bebe pic melts my manliness
Frank looks like a Frank
What a happy meatball
 FRANK THE MOTHERFUCKIN TANK
Damn, that dog was a hefty fella.
LOOK at this precious face!!! I can't even.
What a cutie!!
I WOULD DIE FOR FRANK
He looks like an old Italian man from New York like dom deluise and the name fits!
They get so bored and fed up its heartbreaking. The shelters can only do so much for them due to high numbers, mostly due to irresponsible morons!
FrankTheTank
Lol I got down voted?
I don’t imagine frank had to wait long for his furrever home with those Disney-esque eyes and that perfect pout😍
Love seeing Happy pups #adoptdontshop
Lucky dog
this dog looks just like my last landlord
CHUNGUS
Frank reminds me of a mix between the lil boy and the dog from up
What ??? Not only has this been posted multiple times but the dogs name is Mack....

https://twistedsifter.com/2017/08/reddit-shelter-dog-finds-forever-home/
English bulldog/pit mix? He’s really cute. I’m glad he has a smile now.
No it’s just two pictures of a dog and stupid caption for upvotes
[deleted]
Big smile
Awww he’s precious
So elegant looking. He's insanely cute!
Ugh, poor species... humans didn't make you that much of a beauty...
Awwwwwweee my little franky wankyyyy the tankyyyyyyyyy!
Good on you, Frank
It's Frank the tank, love this fella!!!😍
Omg I love him
Frank! you remind me of a stouter version of my french bulldog! I am so glad someone adopted him. They are just not made for living in doggy jail, no dog is really. But Frank here, look at that smuushy face! i want to adopt him now!
That smile is absolutely adorable. Frank The Tank could use a bit of diet and exercise. Wow what a cutie!
Hi Yamper :D
❤
I love Frank
i love him
FRANK
FRANKKKKKKKKK
That smile is priceless
I love Frank
This meaty boy is my new favorite internet doggo
I love him
Frank the Tank!
Looks like my old manager from Round Table lol
This is quite possibly the cutest living organism on our planet
He looks so sturdy and like he's just a giant muscly derp. I love him!
The smile on his face says it all!!!🥰
FRAAAANK
We got a dog 

Oh whats he called?? 

Frank

Why Fran.. *sees dog* ..oh never mind.
That doggo is so incredibly adoptable! 

I want..
This may be the best example of a dog actually looking like his name I’ve ever seen.
He looks like a "Frank"
his before photo looks like a chonkier version of baby yoda
Congratulations Frank!!
Oh my goodness the face.
Laughing so hard at the name *Frank* for a dog
Reminds me of that tiny dog that Jerry adopts in Tom and Jerry
He looks like a disappointed dad in his before pic haha
Awwww
Those eyes man...
Beautiful meatball you got there.
Meaty boi
Frank is the perfect name for this guy!
Reminds me of Frank from Always Sunny
Do dogs actually smile?
Frank is the perfect name.
Please give Frank a hug for me.   What a cutie pie!!
He kinda reminds me of Ron Swanson
 Never has there been a more fitting name
Frank is the best name for this dog. He looks like Danny Devito.
Adorable
Frank looks like every 50yr old dad
I’ve been looking for one to adopt
He’s so meaty
My dog is named Tank, I bet he and Frank would be best buds.
This made me tear up! What a beautiful, absolute unit of a boy!!!
I love you Frank
Is his last name Reynolds
Congrats!
Looks like my before and after coffee pics!
OMG what a little CHONK! I love him so much. I'm sure his new family love him to bits already.
Looks like a Frank.
Oh my god this made my day♥️
My favorite! D O G
Look at his derpy little face 😍😍
Holy shit hes perfect
I really hope that dog is nuetered
Please tell me his last name is "the Tank"
How is it I can hear the breathing of this dog through the photo
I would die for that dog.
What a beautiful meatloaf!
Sad Frank is the saddest thing I have ever seen. I'm happy that he will be a happy Frank from here on out.
/u/keysonatable
My heart 😩💔 I am overwhelmed with cuteness
That is a purest smile ! What a cutie pie he is
Dogs dont smile you fucking idiot
Aww he looks like a good snuggle-er
Pit bulls get such a bad wrap. They are some of the funniest and most lovely dogs around.
Put a little crown on this King.

Edit: lol, someone is going to have to explain the down votes to me. I think he'd look great with a little crown. Very regal.
Ib4 some smartass saying "tHaTs nOt a sMiLe"

That dog is definitely smiling.

EDIT: I'd like to thank all that replied to me for proving me right :)
Kinda reminds me of Frank Reynolds. Cute baby
Never have I seen a name more appropriate. Frank’s stereotype right there
He looked like  Danny Devito before
He went from "Oh lawd he comin'" to "Oh lawd he lovin'".
Omg Frank! So adorable. Happy he found someone to make him smile! 

Edit: having a bad day so I care a bit too much, but what did I say that 5 people thought was so bad?
I love fat dogs.
C H U N G U S!!! I just want to squish his fat, happy face!
wtf his face is perfect!
 In awe at the size of this lad. Absolute unit.
I would die for Frank.

This is the best and only name for this adorable chonko. Such a precious sweetie.
Ok
Awesome looking wee dog
😁👍
I just want to give Frank the biggest hug
He a chunky boi and i would die for him
That's not a dog, that's a house hippo!
So chonky. I love him 😍
Aww, god bless beautiful Frank.
I don't know why but the left pic reminds me of Selena Gomez. Is it weird?
FRANK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
He has a baby face and I love him
Who's a good boi? YES YOU ARE!! YES YOU ARE!!
This made my day
Ugly ass creature
Ugly
Hes so happy and in love with you, good on you for taking him in, will be your bud for life.
"Frank and beeeeaaaans"

EDIT: No one likes The Office around here, huh?
Hes...adorably a whole lotta muscles lol
Shoutout to Frank the Doggo Tank on instagram
