I broke when they all started chewing simultaneously at the end, like nothing had happened. Masterful comedic timing
Grass be like: Ψ
Me when I paid for my friends food
It's funny that some animals just won't react to having their food just swiped from them like that lol.

Like the other two were just thinking "Shit, I mean I guess he was hungry, what can ya do..."
You can see in the middle of the video the exact moment when he stops chewing, assesses the situation and proceeds at concocting his diabolical plan...
I love the piggies so so much.  The sweetest.
[Here's another video](https://gfycat.com/goodlankydoe)
The middle one is more like a *Gimme Pig*
Debo’d the shit out of his friends lmao
"You seem to have trouble. Let me help you with that"
Guinea PIG, indeed!
After a few moments I was sure I was tricked into watching a gif.
My mother recently bought 5 new guinea pigs. One large male, one large female, two young females, and one really young female.

What we didn't know, and what the store didn't tell us, was that the two young guinea pigs were both pregnant with two each.

And we had an old guinea pig to start with, so we're now up at 10. Quite unepic.
WHEEEK WHEEEK WHEEEK WHEEEK WHEEEK WHEEEK WHEEEK
stole yo girl, stole yo grass too
The last yank to get it out of right one’s mouth lmao
I lost it when they all start chewing in sync at the end.
He didn't wanted the other two to kiss
As someone who owns Guinea pigs, I can confirm this is indeed true.
They were all so still for so long at the beginning. Then bam! All is normal again.
r/AnimalsBeingJerks
Me (45 seconds ago): Time to start my Stats for the week  
Me (Now): NOM NOM NOM
/u/vredditdownloader
That rhythmic munching is mesmerizing!!
I'm the same way with Fruit-by-the-Foot
So funny how the other two just paused in their eating when middle guy chomped on their food. It's like they're frozen in shock, their brain trying to process...and process...and...process...

/u/vredditshare
Classic middle child syndrome
The middle ons is Regina George
That was nature at its most brutal
Love it when they all start chewing at the same time.
Middle one is that guy who gets put on kiss cam and chugs his whole beer.
The one on the right gets so SAD!!!
I love how the other two just stop like "bro what the hell?"
It bugs me that the brown one is not in the middle.
i love squeak logs
Awesome video!
Yoink
I remember seeing this before but don't recall this particular ending.  Savage indeed.
How rude
The other two hamsters.exe just stopped responding
Their lil cheeks were jiggling in unison at the end!
Seems to me like he solved a problem that needed fixin'.
This is a repost that I will always happily rewatch! :D
I wish this had sound...
chomp chomp chomp chomp pause chomp chomp
Lol what a brat lol 😂
Your girlfriend when she says she's not hungry but she eats all of your fries.
That's the one thing I miss about having a guinea pig. Their chubby little cheeks combined with their blank, lifeless expressions.
I love how the two on the sides are like, "What the *fuck*, Frank?" and then two seconds later are like, "Eh, fuck it, I'll just chew what I've got."
I’ma steal your girl and then, I’ma steal yo food. Fool.

It looked like he gave a cute little kiss to the one on the left and then just snatched the hell out of the right one’s food. 😂
No the middle one is a fatass like everyone else here
Interesting that there is alpha male behavior in all living species.
This feels like a mini-game in Mario Party 6
Capitalism.
Do these make good pets? Thinking about getting one.
Screw love, get thicc.
Well, I know which one i'm eating first.
Alpha
Like mini capabaras
What a fucking player
There was a moment where I thought I got tricked into watching a 5 second loop video
wheek wheek wheek
I enjoyed this video
"What the heck, Frank?"
The only thing missing from this is music. Too cute!
*pauses* - What am I doing with my life?  Oh right, eating grass. *NOMNOMNOM*
Maybe it cause I'm baked but that was awesome!
“Give me that shit!”
I like how the middle one takes the food out of the right ones mouth
Life isn't gonna be the same after seeing this..
Alpha pig
Zero fucks where given that day
What a fatty🤣🤣
YOINK.
This ain’t no Lady and the Tramp, you scamps!
That's me when I'm with friends eating french fries. LOL
Was hoping the middle one would back up near the end so the other two could eat til their lips met, ending in a sloppy hamster kiss. Hamsters have lips don't right?
This deserves all of Reddit’s gold.
The one on the right looks like he is going to have trust issue as for the rest of his life after he got his food stolen
That was alpha as fuck
Repost
Why do I hear old-fashioned typewriter sounds in my head?
guinea pigs give off the energy of something that, as a whole species, has one brain cell
“Gimme that shit”
He said “ it’s mine motherfucker!”
Road to 100k
I have this saved so that I'll never forget it. Thank you for posting this.
THREE PIGS ENTER, ONE PIG EATS!
Middle one: *Psi-che!*

Get it? Because the grass looks like the Greek letter Psi? Anybody?
This is magnificent!!!!!!
He said “nope gimme that”
This has me rolling 🤣🤣🤣
I lost it when he yanked the extra bit out of the right ones mouth
Middle one be like “I serve the Soviet Union”
 if you two won't finish your food I will
 Mr. Stealyogirl
Percy? Is that you?
Now that's how you third wheel; assert dominance.
*insert snoop dog meme * this is the cutest shit I’ve  ever seen!
Fuck yo couch
Too wild
You snooze you loose!
Why does it almost look like the hammer and sickel?
G-force
Bamboozled
Comon man stand up for yourself
This made my day
/u/vredditdownloader can I have this?
That's just what happens when you have food in front of the man's face.
wow
/u/vredditshare
That’s clearly Stripe in the middle
nice all
Alpha gerbil.
u/vRedditDownloader
u/vredditdownloader

Edit:
https://v.redd.it/voy9f7z8h9241/DASH_720?source=fallback
Gimme it!
Did the shit behind them come out in ribben form.
u/vredditshare
u/vredditdownloader
/u/vredditdownloader
They say chivalry is dead
Holy shit he is.
When the younger sibling steals food
Now invert the grass blade, use all nine thousand taste buds, then aerate it and you'll get those top notes, the haystack and pig sty, the wind dirt. Mmm.
Lady and the hamp

It's a Guinea pig, I know...
Hahaha rodent power move.
From left to right-->sister,elder brother,youngest sibling(brother)
Really wanted the ones on the ends to kiss lady and the tramp style.
/u/vredditshare
They look like tiny paper shredders.
Bad girl gabby

Knows you have a crush on her friend so invites you both to hang out for dinner to steal more grass
alpha af
That pause at the very end... "Is that Karen's spit?"... \*shrug*
u/vredditdownloader
I’m dying of cuteness. Right now
Dang he just straight up snatched that grass out of they mouth!
I showed this to my wife, and it turns out this is officially the cutest video ever. Time to pack it in, r/aww
I'm 45 and this is still how I eat Fruit by the Foot
Need the thug life shades coming down!
The savagery!
The disappointment on the right ones face is immeasurable.
u/vredditdownloader
uncultured swine !
Lmao. When they start chewing in the end maintaining eye contact with the camera, it looks like its out of some animated movie that puts pets in a song where they are performing on a stage.
Are they even aware of one another?
Me when third- wheeling
Is that synchronized chewing at the end?
cutest robots ever
What a monster
This reminds me our middle sibling.
I would pay to watch that in real life
Kelp tape.
right guinea pig: surprised pikachu face
u/gifreversingbot
u/farasha-effect


Why can I imagine something like this with Mochi and Riku and possibly a third pet?
Love how they are synchronized enjoying their food and not arguing!
You can spend the rest of your life and you still won't convince me this wasn't some sort of Guinea pig comedy skit. The timing is too good.
He’s a hungry boye
[u/vredditshare](https://www.reddit.com/u/vredditshare)
Lady and the Tramp and the Third Wheel.
Me: oh it almost like lady and the tra...Nvm
No deebo that's my grass my mama gave it to me...
Pimpin ain’t easy
When you finna be romantic with bae but BFF is H O N G R Y
/u/VredditDownloader
Mr.steal your kiss
Just realised Guinea Pigs have a constant Jim from The Office look-to-camera face
Piggy
She is giving the  S U C C
This is a video more suitable for r/animalsbeingjerks
r/natureismetal ?
Lol
I could do this all day
Their buddies seem pretty non-plussed about it though.
Guinea Pigs be like 

uh..... 
#ψ
Middle Child Syndrome
I will always love this video.
The middle one is a fatass
u/vredditdownloader
U/vredditshare
u/vredditshare
Psi
What kind of guinea pigs are these? Their ears look different from any I’ve seen
Whos getting the best grass tho fellas?
\*assert dominance\*
Lady and the Tramp... And Larry
"Why are we still here? ...just to eat greens?"

Seriously, whenever I see guinea pigs, I always remember [this video.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4r5ckveXD8)
too cute :)
This is the uwu.
I'm just hungry
Why are we still here?
Somebody needs to Dub this.
You can kind of see both of the other ones give an expression like excuse me what the fuck
What you got on my 40 homie?
What a little shit!! Stole it right outta his mouth
He had the whole thing planned that way from the beginning!!! Something tells me he's done it this way before....
Awwww
When you're starring as the third wheel in Lady & the Tramp but truly make the best of it!
What a little pig...
🐹🐹🐹     
    Ψ
Made me laugh
The one on the right rebooted very briefly there
Did you just call me a Pig? Im no pig. I’m THE ALPHA PIG!!!!!!
Nom nom nom nom

Nom nom nom nom

Nom nom nom nom

Nom nom nom nom

Nom nom nom nom
The one on the right looks like the only thing going through his brain is the Mii Channel music
Can confirm this is how piggies work
me when my friends try to take my food
Wonderpets vibes anyonr
That middle one is a big gangster, man.
I was hoping it would end up like the scene in the lady and the tramp
Alright Reddit. How much time do these pigs have left to live after this horror video you just witnessed?!
See....triads can work!
Just me and you .....AND YOUR FRIEND STEVE !
When I cook food
r/youseeingthisshit
whos at the end of yours
Me when my anyone I know orders food.
It is so synchronized it is like watching a band, especially the way they all start chewing after a pause at the end.
That’s alpha shit right there
One of the coolest things about guinea pigs is, unlike other pet rodents, their young are born with a full coat of hair, open eyes, and can run within 3 hours of being born.
"YOINK!"
He has everything required to be a businessman.
Looks like an a cappella group.
that's  has to be the cutest thing i ever seen 😍
I had 2 guinea pigs too. I love how they always have a :| face
This like a Blue Man Group or Three Stooges sketch.
u/vredditdownloader
I love how they sync up together at the end lol
A repost, but a welcome one
Lol
Repost

Good one tho
And that, kids, is why we must fight the bourgeoisie.
u/vredditdownloader
Had a guinea pig and they actually are like that. So cute. :D
Bruh moment #92
Nom nom nom nom nom nom
THIS IS FUNNY SHIT! THIS MADE MY DAY! 🤣
Guindorah.
aww the two on the sides like sharing a spaghetti noodle (,:
This made me giggle out loud thanks.😂😂😂😂
I miss my guinea pigs
Capitalism at its finest
Adorable !!!!!
this is aweeesome
Why do the others just sit by and watch it happen??
This is the greatest video I have ever seen
I like how the ones on the end stop chewing, and accept what's coming.
who's the monster who put them in such a predicament?
yea we eat those in Peru
What weird creatures.  How did they even evolve to be that?  It’s like if birds decided they needed a rapidly breeding, defenseless source of meat.
SOO FRIGGIN CUTE
The middle one was me at the dinner table while growing up with three other siblings.
Big boss cavy, do you have more of these!?
I had a Guinea pig just like the one in the middle
"I'll just be taking that....LET.GO!!"
Alpha
They were gonna kiss like lady and the tramp :c bad third wheel
eat.exe has stopped responding
OCD me wants the brown one in the middle.
The right one looks like you drove over his human and just told him
Noms for days
I DRINK YOUR MILKSHAKE! I DRINK IT UP!
Cute
I approve of this message.
Lol, problem solver I say.
This is why I internet
If you kids cant work together I will have to take it away! I have said this before and now it has new meaning for me :)
The line at a buffet in Vegas.
Middle is the guinea father.
/u/vredditshare
I miss my piggies. If you take care of them right, they make excellent pets. My guinea pigs, Admiral Squeakers and Paul were so docile and affectionate. They would cuddle with me for warmpth. I especially loved watching them popcornin all over the place.
Is that just grass?
Thanks! It's been a rough Monday and I needed a giggle.
/u/vredditdownloader
It's like me and pizza
Their mouths are so cute!! Nom nom nom nom
This is me when anyone I know has food.
they’re so adorable I’m drying
Plant based diet
1. What a bitch. I love her.

2. AAAAA the chewy faces <3
Idk why this made me so angry.
That's hilarious
This somehow looks rehearsed, even though they're guinea pigs.
I thought this was one of them never ending loops
The one on the right looks really depressed about it and the one on the left looks really happy
u/vredditdownloader
the one on the right is such a doofus.
Is it just me or does it look like the other 2 didn't notice at all
Awe ❤😄
I see justice.  

They were blinding and annoying him with their shared strand of grass. 

When he went stealing, he went straight for Lefty and cut him out.  While Righty was laughing at Lefty's situation, he straight up yanks what remains out of Lefty's mouth.
u/vredditdownloader
It really be ya own friends
Not savage bruv
Holy shit why does this make me so happy
The middle one is like that kid that has his own switch while the other two share two joy cons
I like how the middle one pauses so the rest don't realize how much more he's eating compared to them.
to be fair, the orange one was kinda shoving it in the middle one’s face near the end
Watching them eat is so satisfying for some reason reminds me of spaghetti
the one on the right. i c then holding back the tears
/u/vredditshare
Jesus, Mary, and Joseph this is fucking adorable
If you watched this follow me
#YOINK
u/gifreversingbot
Ah, yes 


P E E G S
Ridiculous little creatures
The middle one was clearly trying to help out. Clearly. 🤣
No he’s just fat
The middle one looks like Kim Jong-un
How does anything get so cute?
/u/vredditshare
I love the confusion of the ones left and right. that’s priceless. 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻😂
This one tickles my ovaries and I'm a man
Fat fuck. I love'em
nom nom nom
This is the pure definition of 3rd Wheeling
Monch
The Alpha.
Sitting here sick as fuck and single for the first time in years.... I needed this video today
Middle one be like: Oh, you two can't figure out how to share your food with each other? Let me help.
BOSS HOG
Hammond wuz robbed yo
savage indeed!
Poor little guy 🙁
Sad eyes
If the 3 stooges were guinea pigs
This is too freaking cute. Wtf
Just chew and wave boys , chew and wave
Dat yank
Hahahahaha hahahahaha
Das Video kenne ich schon
This is quite possibly the best thing that I’ve seen in my life.
I love him! He, is my spirit animal!
Why is there no audio? WHY IS THERE NO AUDIO!?!?
That's so sweet
I was just like well shit I hope they’re chewing that really well for as long as it is 🙈
Love this
I like the one on the left, so cute!!!awwww
u/VredditDownloader
Always felt very 'eh' about guinea pigs. I was so wrong...
Somebody please, if you can, remove the grass and make them sing!
/u/vredditshare
Can someone please put music to this
I take your milkshake, and I drink it up!
u/vredditdownloader
This is probably the best thing I’ve seen all year!
r/youseeingthisshit
Deebo!
They look so cute and funny XD
The symbol of psychology haha
I love watching their little cheeks while they eat it makes me laugh.
That middle one really said *fine y’all wanna fuck around I’ll eat this piece of grass*
*monch*
Is that sunny family reference?
The Alpha
This video aligns perfectly with The Flight of the Bumblebees.
Do it. Play it. You'll know what I mean 🤣
*OH LAWD THEY MUNCHIN'!!!*
Fuckin YOINK !!!
gangster
Chewing in unison at the end! Yep, life goes on...
The nibbling either reminds me of a paper shredded/reverse printer or those vibrating toy hamsters where you pull a string.
it be like, here let me cut it for you, No psych. mine.
I was in suspense the entire time.
U/vjarnold Cute!
G-Force 2
He just yeets it out of the other's mouth.
Every group needs a problem solver.
Mildly savage
Why does this remind me of Chris Griffin
r/dontputyourdickinthat
This shows that a best friend is not a good choice for a 3rd Wheeler
At 86.3K upvotes now, restores my faith in humanity.  Really tho, 86.3k is prolly the most I've seen.
Paid actors. Look at the comedic timing in the end..
ψ
Siblings when dad finally came home with  the choccy milk
SCOOOOP MASTER
I did that with my guinea pigs once. They got really mad and one has horrible eyesight so she nipped me. Wtf
This is photoshopped
Like 3 mini typewriters.
I remember when I was in 5th grade my teacher had ginnypigs and she brought them in so they could be the class pet.
TOO FUNNY FOR WORDS!!!!! PRECIOUS!!!!
Why do they take such a strong pause like that
u/Vredditdownloader
This is not good I don’t understand Peruvians
How many times do i have to see this annoying video
Thousands of years of human civilisation produced this video. Head high.
Such is life.
The middle one is my spirit animal
Anyone else hear “nom nom nom nom” through this whole thing?
My god. The absolute disrespect.
/u/vredditshare
But who got the most leaf?
Goes by the street name of "Thickness"
It's like watching measuring tape go back to it's holder
[u/vredditdownloader](https://www.reddit.com/u/vredditdownloader/)\`
Looks like they have 2 brain cells between the 3 of them
*chew in unison*
/u/vredditshare
"ahhhhh GIMMIE THAT SHIT!"
Is it possible to learn this power ?
The cream always rises to the top! Oh Yeah!!!!
Lol they are all adorable! Makes me miss my sweet piggies from when I was younger. I'm definitely going to be getting another pair one of these days! :D
u/vredditshare
u/repostsleuthbot
A savage... piggypewg.

savage.

piggypewg.

...

savage.
u/gifreversingbot
Thank you for my grass noodle:
Ate the whole thing AND stole both kisses! Ahh! What a winner!
What a bitch...
I am amazed that the other two fellas were so calm when the middle  dude sarted eating  their food
/u/vredditdownloader
r/animalsbeingjerks
This is the kind of stuff I come online for
u/gifreversingbot
Hahahha
Mammals are so derpy.
Pure evil
Peruvian mouths are watering
SOMEONE PUT THIS TO MUSIC PLEASE
kelp tape
I wish i had gold to give the OP!! I didn't know what he meant by the middle one is savage....... until I did! LOL!!! LOVE IT!!
He showed them who's boss\~
Are they gerbils?
Awesome 😂😂😂😂😂😂
The Right one keeps lagging
Omg, their body & fur jiggles when they chew. That's so cute
My pigs do this to each other all the time over green bell pepper. It is one of the most infuriating thing to fwop it out of the others mouth and give it back to the OG eater
Sneak 100
Guinea pigs are some the best little floofs
Guinea pigs love grass. I call it nature's green noodles. 😆 Mine lose their minds every time I bring them a fresh handful.
GIF this immediately!
Being the third wheel like a boss
And that's the exact reason why you don't bring a friend to a date.
All I can think is badabadabadabadabadbada
In german we call that eating style "mümmeln"
Hamtaro
Snoozer, Howdy, Penelope, Panda!
My best friends!
Oxnard, Bijou, Cappy, Maxwell!
My ham-hams!
Dexter, Boss, Pashmina, Jingle!
Hamtaro!
Little hamsters, big adventures

It's Hamtaro time!
Cooshy-cooshy ticky-ticky wooooooo!
That middle one is the Joey Chestnut of guinea pigs
me when the sour skittles dust is passed around for snorting $_$ 😹
 )Llll++
 P .mp2
GIMME DAT !
[u/VredditDownloader](https://www.reddit.com/u/VredditDownloader/)
yOINK
Someone edit some OM NOM NOM NOM sounds in this. Pls!!!
the three little pigs!
u/vjarnold
u/repostsleuthbot
/u/vreddit_bot
/u/VredditDownloader
Oh so sweet
Me third wheeling while my friend and his girl are on a date
Yah cutties
Frickin' Bob. Guess I'll just keep chewing.
*Thug life glasses descend on the middle one*
u/Vredditdownloader
Is the savage one female/male?
I'm very sleep deprived at the airport. So this legitimatly brought me to tears. Thank you
Who the fuck is you to take the big piece of chicken???

&#x200B;

Edit: is for are
Lmao Guinea Pigs are so weird, they all just stopped then all ate in unison
Love the guineas
/u/vredditshare
She isnt dead...
Teaching them how cut-throat the real world is.
I'd rather cuddle them.  While alive.
u/vredditdownloader
U/vredditdownloader
Looks like they've rehearsed this
The house seller is on the left, the house buyer is on the right, and the mortgage broker is right there in the middle.
I miss my Guinea pig😭😭😭😭
REPOST
Can we get this with the Rocky theme playing over it?
Reeeepost
Repost
I wish this had sound!!
Im laughing so hard at the end when they started chewing all toghter xD
Cuy
Repost for the millionth time, but I love that synchronized chewing at the end.
I drink your milkshake

Edit: Lol how is a Daniel Day Lewis quote bothering people.
The funny part to me is they're so stupid it doesn't even know it's an asshole.
Eat shit bitches.
which one is giving the best head?
Why is this on aww?
Wow such a SAVAGE HAMSTER. 


Word is meaningless now
I absolutely despise my Fiancé's guinea pig. That thing is incredibly annoying and is just a bottomless pit.
thats me in a mff threeway
Why is asshole behavior on /r/aww ?
[deleted]
