'Who actually *is* a good boy though?'
“Do you think he’s broken?”
Lol my old black lab bear was so high after his neuter he walked into the wall face first with his cone on and was stuck for over an hour. I would have interrupted it
Sooner but he had the cutest tiny wag of the tail going so I figured he was enjoying the experience

Edit: thank you for the gold kind stranger!
We lost one of our dogs...well, it'll be one month the day after christmas.   


our cats still don't understand why the other dog just stares longingly though they try
I do not like the cone of shame
Your pup is undergoing a complete reevaluation of everything in life:') I had to draw the expression -- 
 
https://imgur.com/gallery/qJTpg3B
Dog seems to be re-evaluating his life choices.
Absolute unit of a cat there.
My dog ate some of my magic mushrooms once. At first he got really excited, then he stopped suddenly and started being spooked by objects in the house and seemed like he was coming up kinda hard so i decided to take him and my other dog for a nice hike. Hank, the one who ate the mushrooms, spent the next few hours barking at trash caught in bushes, staring at the river and crying, chasing butterflies and just generally tripping out in nature. It never happened again but he seemed to handle it pretty well. RIP Hank, you were the fuckin' man.

Edit - wow this blew up. Thanks for the gold whoever you are. Gonna shamelessly post a pic of [Hank](https://imgur.com/a2AGJnO.jpg) this was a few weeks before he severed his spine at the dog park. He was my best friend and the best boah there ever was.
Cat 1: “Hey, d’you just get back from CONEY Island?”
Cat 2: “Yeah, didja bring me an ice cream CONE?”
" my owner say's i'm a good dog......but is anyone really good? "
I bark, therefore I am.
Hes a spaceman now kitties
This made me laugh. A lot.
Very cute! Side note: don’t forget to take the bandage off of your pup’s leg after a few hours! Sooo many hospital staff forget to mention that! Source: worked in vet hospital for faaaar to long!
“Are you okay?” “I don’t want to talk about it.”
Everything about this is great
I can tell those puppy ears are soft as hell
If you've never been high af and stared at a wall for 10 mins straight, have you ever lived?
SUMMER, WHERE ARE MY BALLS?
That calico’s pelt is gorgeous


Cat 1: “are... are you ok? We didn’t mean it the other day, you’re the good boy.”

Cat2: “Yeah, I was just joking, I know they’re not talking about me...” 

Cat 1: “come on dog, we’re sorry!”
Cats: You okay man?  
Dog: Can't talk coming down.
Hey..hey bro..you don't look so good..you feelin' ok? You want to chase us around a little? Bro?
"WTF is that dumb borker looking at?!?!" 

"I don't know... I don't see a red dot."
Everyone asks who's a good boy but no one asks how's the good boy
I'd award tf out of this, but i gave all my coins to a Dave Chappel crack head post.
Best. Title. Ever!
........I caught my paw.
Poor puppy. He just needs love until he feels better.
*my dog when he sees motion outside*
They think he was abducted by aliens.
Yo Dog, u good?
They cats look concerned. "Yo Frank, are you doing ok? You haven't bothered us or nothing. I'm worried bro."
Triple upvote.
Have they come to form an alliance and pledge allegiance or have they come to comprehend the weakness and strike upon best opportunity?
Oh geez, same here - my dog is sick w/ an infection and on percocet. She stared at the wall in the Vet's office for 10 minutes.
Dude! My paws are huge! They can touch everything but themselves... Oh wait
My dog adoption fee was $85...the first time my dog needed that cone it was 3k and then six months later it was another 3k for second ACL surgery...she is getting older...she gets annoying with the pain killers she needs...But she is my case study in love and patience...
The “thousand yard boi”
That, my doog, is the realization that life is meaningless...

...and the second gummy bear.
I would like to be terrorized by all 3 of them
Big floofy princess
r/petaftervet
That is one giant cat
"What is the meaning of good boy life?"
Your big calico floof looks so much like my cat that I was confused for a moment! ([Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/do481g/my_big_floof_and_my_little_floof_usually_fight_or/) she is)

Such a cute family <3
Like he went on a secret spy mission and got stuck in the cone of silence.
The cats KNOW Doggo smells of VETS too......ewwwwww
That dog needs to El shavo it's armos
If the cats didn't want to be chased, they shouldn't have been running.
Mr. Peanutbutter!
"Lucien, what wears he upon his neck?!"

"Tis a HalfHelm of Power, Azrael! Look at how he stares defiantly into the void!"

[Meanwhile...]

"(My God... It's full of beige!)"
Great pic, great title.
“Can I... touch it?”
“Let’s poke it with a stick!”
He must have just seen Cats in theaters
Cats: "Dude, you okay?"  
Dog: "Can you hear the wall sitting? I.. I think I can taste the sound of the smell of purple. What's purple? I don't know. I think that's funny. That's so deep, man."  
"The humans have broken dog. Are they going to break us next?"
“You do it”
“No way, you first”
“DOGGO!!!!!”
“He can’t hear with that ......that thing on his head, shhhhhh”
“Did you just shhhhhhush me?!? “
My kitten had to get some kind of growth drained and when we brought her back home she would put her come perfectly against the wall and stay like that for minutes at time. It was one of the most entertaining days I've had haha!
My dog, Charlie, had epilepsy.  I got him when I was 3.  When I was 5 my parents got divorced and my Mom kept me and Charlie.  When I was 6 my Mom got remarried and my step-dad did not allow dogs in the house.  We did have a yard with a fence and he has a dog house.  When I was 12 Charlie started having seizures.  He was a cocker-spaniel and would have been 15 at the time.  I went to camp for a week in the summer and my parents had him put to sleep when I was gone.:(
ROFL 🤣🤦
“We like this software update”.
Don’t act so coy about it, these felines are most definitely plotting something wretched. Godspeed cone dog.
They just know he's sitting intently looking at something, and whatever he stares at like that usually gives him treats.

They're confused because he's never wrong about treats.
The dog has acquired the new mentality and maturity as one of the Jedi.
Looks like one if those cats could do with being terrorized just for the exercise!... the fat little pudding
High pets post vet can kinda cute
They're just curious if his new 'antenna' gets good reception.
It's dog Wilson Fisk.
Are you telling me they didn’t even notice the cone?
Man give him some time... Poor guy might be high, but he's thinking... Where did my balls go?
Can’t believe my post got over 100k upvotes. Reddit is so unpredictable. Thank you all for the gold and silver (and the rocket toboggan? What?). I will give the 3 resident fur children extra pets from you guys today.
High af....


Please explain what it stands for ;-)
My dude ain’t got no balls
I feel like my cats probably wish my doggo had a cone of shame...
I've been there so many times
Yo hes my spirit animal
Oh man, I want to snuggle that fluffy calico so bad.  FLUFFY BUTT!!
When my dog had surgery and had the cone on his head, he stopped halfway up the stairs and also proceeded to stare at nothing for about 10 minutes straight.
The cats are my kids and the dog is me
One time I fed my snake some beer, he was slithering this way and that.
I think he saw the cats movie, now he has a change of heart
" I said DON'T LOOK AT ME!" \*hangs head in cone of shame\*
"Sniff him..."  

"He's been to the vet!!!"

"We have to be sure we're not next!"
Dude, what even are walls, mannnn?  I mean, like, what do they even mean?
Well no jingle bells for you dog.
This is so cute
Poor baby. English cream golden?
Human: “how high are you?”

Dog: “yes”
Pretty dog
Have the cats Google "Cone of Shame".
Wow u Americans got the coolest looking cats
Dog: "Like--seriously, check this out, this is what I came up with, guys--like the human totally gets a piece of wood, right? Okay? Okay, so the human gets this little piece of wood, he *throws* the piece of wood, and I run and get it, okay okay, stay with me now. I bring it back to the human, and he throws it again. *BAM!* Game invented, man. We're gonna be rolling in kibble."
Please give extra hugs to the doggy for me.
Aww poor dog. I must admit it is cute that the cats are concerned about him.
Omg is that Brian?
Be like that sometimes
Hilarious!
Nope. Cone of shame. Can't.
Aw poor doggy. They literally care even tho they get terrorized.
Oh what the hell, that's my cat on the right!
Tight
Dude lost his balls
Cone of Shame!
Your calico looks just like mine from behind! Anyway you could share a front photo of your kitties?? Also, poor pup! I hope he feels better soon.
"Shit, u good bro?"
Where are my balls Frank!?
Great time to slip a cucumber between the cats. Hilarity will ensue.
Wall is life
Aw what happened to him
*Um, dog, are you ok?*


...*the wall is talking*...
Poor puppy... don't worry he'll be back to normal self soon...
Lol this is to good
“I should be nicer to the mailman”

-Dog
That is a weird looking lamp.
Caption is all time high.
“Hey dog. Buddy, you ok? We help mebe. Want to chase kitties, be scare?”
Pretty sure they’re thinking “when the fuck did they get a new lamp”...I’m so sorry.
"the stars are bright tonight...."
Dog is just meditating
Animals have a weird sense of when something is wrong across species. The cats know, they feel bad and just want normalcy. Dog just wants helmet off.
Dude... wed get along quite goodly
Is your dog depressed? Dogs usually only do that when they are depressed *i retract my statement *
Let's us know  if they become friends after his high
😂🤣
And he smells funny. That’s why they act that way. The vet and especially surgery smells always make cats freak out. They’re unfamiliar.
I've been that puppy.
that is one thicc feline
Me irl
https://i.redd.it/admitgdu99ux.gif
Dogs staring at a wall is a sign of depression!
r/notcirclejerk
Only 10mins?
He's waiting for someone to save him from the cone of shame.
They want answers.
Aww I have two kittens that are a calico and an orange tabby too! Just adopted them! Hope your pup gets better soon!
It broken?
He doesn’t have the balls to terrorize them anymore
Beautiful cats!
He gone
Enjoy it.  Tomorrow that cone is going to cut your shins.
This made my day
Is that a calico pot belly pig 🤔
I want that kinda peace in life
My dog just got a tooth removed back in my hometown at our vet so she's staying with my parents (who live there still) until I get her over Christmas. It's been barely a week and my 9 month old kitten has been way more needy and talkative in that time. I think she gets lonely while I'm at work and she misses her sister.
You seeing this shit maaan?!?
So cute 😍😍
The amount that I can relate to this situation is staggering
That’s one stoned pup
This MF is high AF
I love all this confusion in one photo. It’s great.
Very beautiful fur fam!!!
they must be wondering Serve you right Dog.
BOOF!
Naw. They're cats. They're over there whispering <snip-snip> noises at him, and purring neuterally...
Amazing title
That is creepy. Your cats are literally *identical* to mine! Except your Calico’s fur is slightly.. uh.. frizzier? Either way, cool coincidence!
So adorable!
[that reminds me of this video](https://www.reddit.com/r/YouFellForItFool/comments/cjlngm/you_fell_for_it_fool/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
I’m a dog
You play piano?
Believe this belongs on r/trees as well /s
So cute
Dog is thinking about getting the cats he has a plan
Did he also bet against the impeachment? The left one perhaps?
Gasp "the cone of shame!!"
They look like they want to climb inside it.
He's getting free satellite tv, leave him alone.
Frank?...... Frank?..... you ok man?  You're kinda freaking us out dude???
[deleted]
Peace on Earth?
And this is how being high af attract new friends
Awwwww. Kinda like Sylvester when he fell asleep but nicer....maybe..
Their coats are so pretty!!!
"Dog" is capitalized... is the dog's name Dog?
Awww puppers.
Someone's knows the truth.
The cone of shame is a portal into another universe
How is this picture worth 51k upvotes? Goddamn.
was the pup just neutered? maybe he is trying to understand life.
High AF watching that imaginary squirrel
I laughed waaaaaaaaay too hard at this
no such thing as concerx or terrox or not
Don't fuck with a gudbois trip.    There is a special circle o FCC hell reserved for that.
This is what god looks like from the eyes of a normal man.
The longer I stare at the dog the more I feel like he just saw two really gross people banging and he is just traumatized staring at the wall.
"Is nobody else entertained by how this wall moves?!"
I love that fluffy calico you got there
I want the calico
You think we wouldn't notice the hefty chonk ? 🤬

r/chonkers
See such sweet furbabies 😍
' I just heard 'snip' and suddenly, I don't really know who I am anymore. What's the point of life? And most importantly....

Where are my balls Summer?'
"the growl cat is guarding the wall for us... and we cat figure out why..."
So adorable!!!
The pattern on the wall is moving, not alot but it's moving.


What pattern??
The pattern on the wall is moving, not alot but it's moving.


What pattern??
I’m crying that’s hilarious poor dog. Oh no. I feel terrible for laughing I hope he feels better.
You know shits gonna happen when cats are concerned
Have you tried turning him off and turning him back on again?
Dog is thinking about life
Dude, my hands can touch anything but themselves.  Oh wait.
Or they recognize the cone of shame!
Why am I really vuf
very very aww
My friends when I'm crashing after five energy drinks.
Well, if I were neutered I would be contemplating my pitty existence too.
Lol, stupid dog got stuck in the lampshade again
He watched the new Cats movie and couldnt stand to see another cat again
The cone of shame
I applaud you for how clean your house is! Especially having three pets.
Haha that calico is such a big puffball!  So cute!
Damn, that is some textbook Dead Inside.
I got no idea what’s going on right now.
Look your cat in the eyes and say “I can do it to you too”
Chonk floof alert!!
Can relate cause I’m also high as fuck!!  Good kitties and doggie.😎🤘🏽
"Hey dogè, you okay today, buddy?"
all your animals are just a little tubby, I want to cuddle them :3
Bruh this looks like a renaissance painting
Did his jingle bells get removed?
I dont know if it was sugery or not, but if it was neutralised then thats way to young
The cone of shame is a leveller
I neee one of those for my dog all he does is lick.his paws and bite his paws idk whats his deal
He is trying to get that reception
Come on buddy, just tell us where they touched you - cats.
"What he is *doing*?"
"Hey man khajiit is out of nip, think you can hook us up?"
That dog is my spirit animal when I'm high.
Wow,.. this cone lets me hear colors!
Saw the word "Cats" and thought I was still on /r/moviescirclejerk
I literally didn't see the brown cat for a minute
That reminds me....
What breed is it? It looks reeeeaaaaalllllyyy similar to my pup, who’s a golden retriever english creme I believe.
I’m only telling you this bc I’ve seen it commented before on these kinds of dogs staring at the wall posts - sometimes this is an early sign of something wrong. 

I just feel as a dog lover I had to comment. Forgive me if this is disinformation.
Maybe I need a video to believe this story, here could be happening literally anything...
The orange kitty is so cute.
He has known life
Trained to help the TV reception!!
This is adorable man
Hey, this new lamp looks familiar.
Whatever he's been smoking, we want it, hooman
Ooo look at that puff on kitty. Wanna hug it.
That looks exactly like my old cat (calico).  I had her 11 years and recently had to give her away, and it still breaks my heart to think of her.  Hope you and your family of animals are amazing!
The cats just want whatever the dog is on.
Unfortunately for my dog, he had an operation back in 2012. Oh, Kony...
No, you’re wrong. They’re just stating at the cone. Idiot.
That dog is me after I took my first dab
He's getting free satellite TV.
As someone who works at a veterinary hospital, sedated animals are funny and cute as hell. Honestly one of the biggest highlights of my job.
Lol how do the cats know he's high af? He's probably just being paranoid
The cone of shame - every dogs worst nightmare
My dog has had a cone for over a year
High animals are hilarious af.
good dog
r/stoppedworking?
It's a new floor standing lamp in the shape of a dog,
This thread just fuckin made me sad thinking about when I’m going to lose my dog.. damn
Yo you know your a “good boy” right?
The big white and orange cat is amazing
you have beautiful pets!
Cat to the other: it looks like he’s midway through some strange transition form dog to lampshade.
Cat One: "What's going on with dog?"

Cat Two: "He appears to be tripping ballz."
Omg my fur baby stared at the wall after surgery too. Someone said it’s because when they’re high they can hear the electrical currents in your wiring and switches and think it’s critters running around in the walls.
What kind of cat is the fluffy one?
Maybe try a thunder shirt instead of the cone. They are less depressing and hence doggo heals faster.
He knows he can eat ALL in 3 bites, but he is such a sweetheart :}
That's kinda cute
"GO AWAY KAREN!"
So cute and adorable!
cats: steady now.... on the count of 3, let's pounce on him together while he's high af
such a cute family ☺️
My dog stares at the wall for ten minutes straight for no reason. I often wonder what he's thinking about or if he's thinking at all.
They are fascinated by the new strange furry lamp
"OMG, the humans lobotomized him.  I never liked him very much, but he didn't deserve that."
he vibin
ughhhhh, my baseboards are so nicked up and chipped and yours, floors, walls etc are perfect!!!!
Mom! The dog is broken.
Feels like a tom and Jerry skit
All the animals in this picture are very beautiful but if I had to rank them I would put the cats first. But I can't choose which cat is more beautiful, they are both so different. Maybe the longhair coat is more unusual
What’s with all the silver? You leave the internet for a few days and look what happens... also that is the cone of shame.
cone of shame
Nice piano tho
Poor thing lol
He got those good vet drugs.
I read the title in David Attenborough's voice.
When my dog had the cone of shame (when he was 11) he ran into everything including walls and just looked sad and defeated.
🤣
Haaaaa!
Had his bollocks done, didn't he?
“What doth good boy...”
Lmao I wonder what’s even going though his head
Enjoy the gold!
“The authorities must have really been mad to do this...”
Hey! LeenSauce, Michael here.
that mans plotting his revenge for his balls
That’s a mighty fine looking piano you got there in the background and some mighty fine looking furs in the foreground.
I love lamp
Although max is blind, he still loves staring out the window.
Awe I love your doggo, he/she is fuzzy!
All animals can relate to the cone of shame. 😢
This may be the greatest sentence I’ve ever read
He us sad and confused not knowing how long this thing will be on his head...
I dunno, my cats favorite sober activity is staring at walls.
Lol
[removed]
What type of dog breed is this?
Hahaha they're prolly wondering about that cone too... and how to take it from him and play with it. Hahaha
Is it More likely they are wondering that the hecc is on its head?
as someone who has 6 pets i can say it can be pretty normal. the dogs and cats love each other <3
“The collar of shame”
Poor guy/gal is humiliated. If you love your pets, get the soft cones. They are so much more comfortable for your pet.
Jesus what do u feed that cat?
Dumb
Pur Usual. Get it? Pur...like a cat...
Per usual? Forgive me, as English isn’t my first language, but isn’t this hillbilly English?
I’let my cats die at home natural. I feel they hate strangers and vets in particular. My last kitty I held him while he died. It was a very sad moment but I held my tears from him. Until he left. His three last breaths and his eyes they just went out. Then I bawled the whole. Night at my job. My kitty I have now is old. She almost died last week. I was so close to letting her go and she made a recovery using gabapentin I take for her seizures.
Lost my baby of 17 years to a hit and run last year. The car didn't even stop. That period was really depressing for me and my family. #RIPMADELINE
Why do you let your dog terrorise your cats?
What is it with posts like this that go out of their way to exaggerate how much time a pet spent doing something slightly awkward? “My dog stared at me like this for 12 minutes straight!” No he didn’t. And why such an unrealistic time? If you’re going to lie, at least make it somewhat believable, like “45 seconds.”
The calico is extremely overweight. She's not feeding herself, you're doing that to her. She's going to die early, congratulations on killing her with kindness.

Edit: downvotes are from fatsos who don't like hearing that their fat pets are going to die early from being fed garbage. They will also be dead soon, thankfully.
So sorry for your loss. Pets are family. And all dogs go to heaven.
Cute! But don't forget to donate to #AndrewYang
