Cat wants to hang but is too tired.  Sometimes being near is enough.
Me after turning in a paper 1 minute before the midnight deadline.
Loves the heat...
Is your cat a mountain lion cub?
All fun and games till they hit the power button
She was in paws mode?
Your cat is taunting you. It’s like a sassy roommate.
[deleted]
cat.exe has stopped working.
What type of breed this cat is?
hey human, are you almost done ?

why can't you stop n play....

this thing called 'work' don't look like fun

but by your side i'll stay........

...so maybe i'll just rest my head

until you take a break . . . . .

then maybe we can go to bed

&nbsp;

^*...sigh......*



. . . is hard 

to 

stay 

*awa* . . . . .

❤️
So cute! I miss having a kitty
“I should *not* have just liked her selfie from 3 years ago.”
Is warm. I put head here.
She tried to stay up with you! 😸
You do like me I can see. Raising your laptop with a bunch of books to get the screen in a more comfortable height (I assume at least).
Your cat's battery is low, charge him.
A good use of books there, comrade!
Is your cat asleep or is he pressing his head against the laptop? Make sure it isn't the last one: https://m.petmd.com/cat/conditions/neurological/c_ct_headpressing
Life is tough when you're a baby mountain lion.
I can relate to whatever he’s going through
My cat would ko the screen and sleep on it and force me to pet them with the powers of cuteness.
Awesome! He/she reminds me of a puma!
He is absorbing all of the knowledge
shhhhhh he/she is charging! ;)
What kind of cat is it?
Connection to life: failed
That’s true love right there
Wow that's one expensive laptop stand.
When a cat does this it might be because it's ill. Try to take note if he/she does this often and against other things like walls, sofas etc. Then take him/her to a vet to get a check up.
Roger why can't you do it right?
I would be careful with the books underneath the laptop, looks like they are covering the fan, could bring you problems
Looks like OP copied this off of TikTok. This is not their cat.
It is very cuet
His only Appointment is DisAppointment. Track pad, no mouse.
This poster is a liar. That’s not his cat, he took the video from someone off douyin. 


[original video link ](https://v.douyin.com/44n1CL/)
Sometimes when kitties sleep like this it's a sign of head trauma :c.  Very cute but just keep an eye on cutie to make sure they're not exhibiting any strange behaviors.  Happy holidays ^^
[deleted]
Silly cat! That laptop has TouchId, not FaceId xD.
"Really?  Dude, get the fuck off my computer!" As they meow and I pull them into my lap and love them while I continue to not get work done.
he's trying to be supportive but its so.. damn... late..
Cat.exe has stopped working.
I want to pet your cat, it looks so soft
Epic desk! Hahahaha! I do this too. Stack books and use it to raise my laptop.
The good ole cat nip nod.
Oh magic heat- light machine! tell me your secrets
I can relate to this tired catto. : (
They say pets often mimic their owners...
Have you tried turning it off and on again?
What breed of cat??
I’m guessing it’s negotiating NFC connection.
Another day, another confirmation that cats are adorably weird creatures.
It looks like a squirrel.
This is passive aggressive for go the heck to sleep...
Kitty just wants to keep you company for as long as it can. ❤️
Is cat broken?
My dog did something very similar when I was studying in law school. I’d sit on the couch with a laptop, notebook, and textbook open. He’d jump on the couch and slowly inch his way over to me. Slowly but methodically, he would eventually lay down on top of the text book, full spread. Torts were never more comfortable. 

He knew I needed a break. I would guess your cat knows the same for you.
Is he asleep or is it a dramatic protest.
I think your cat crashed
Are you sure *you* did the work?
Hey, being a cat is hard work and requires a lot of sleep!
r/catfaceplant
Cat.exe has experienced an error.
Awe, your cat tried to keep you company but it fell asleep also.
I seem to remember reading something about observing your cat pressing its forehead into a wall being a symptom of some type of ailment?  Obviously I cant remember much of what I'm talking about, but I hope this isnt something this cat does often, and they were just tired.
Did you turn it off and back on again?
Sleepy meowral support
Have you tried turning it off and back on again?
Glad to know I am not the only one who keeps the laptop on stacked books.
What a beautiful kitty. He has cougar coloring.
TIME FOR BED!
Your cat’s colors are beautiful! They seem like a real sweetheart 🥰
His coat is such a unique color! What a cutie.
r/petthedamncat
He's wirelessly charging
All part of his master plan to distract you from work!
Bow down to the machine.
Have you tried restarting it?
Cat.exe has stopped unexpectedly, please reset with tuna.
0% cattery life remaining.
Damn that laptop stand must have cost you a fortune.
Just wants to spend time with you but is too tired....so cute.
"turn. the. fucking. light. off. greg."
I like this cat.... do he/she have any baby kittens, I want one
My moms cat will rest her head against us like this when she’s on a lap, it’s honestly the cutest thing. 

What’s not cute is the drool that drips out of her mouth.
Cat.exe has stopped working.
I love the color of your cat. Like a mountain lion
Javascript error: Cat unresponsive
Cat.exe has stopped responding.
The cat is probably thinking I feel your pain! I want to be rubbed and watch a movie but your busy working.
Careful.  Animals putting their heads against walls/objects can actually mean something is seriously wrong with them.    If it was a one time thing because of the heat it's no big deal.  If your cat was putting its head against more than just the keyboard than it probably has a very serious health issue that you should check out ASAP.  Otherwise if it was just for the heat then it's all good.
Yeah...this doesn't look like a normal faceplant, it looks like they're headpressing and that can be a sign of something life threatening.

Please keep an eye on your cat and make sure they're not pressing against any walls like this regularly.

Source: https://m.petmd.com/cat/conditions/neurological/how-treat-head-pressing-cats
If your cat presses it's head against things a lot (not head rubbing, but pressing like here), it might be because of a health problem. I hate to be the party pooper, but I wanted to make sure you knew, in case your kitteh is sick <3
So adorable!!!
‘Fucking human doing work and doesn’t want to spend time with me. Fuck it, I’m going to sleep’
Same though
Showing you exactly what you’re missing out on
It was trying to stay awake with you for moral support, but just couldn't hang. This is a adorable pic
Your cat is channeling your tiredness, I guess.
Thank you. Made me properly giggle on a cold and dark morning in the UK.
the smushed face got me
Hmm broken catto I believe just reset it
He's had a rough day too !
[deleted]
Study buddy
Ummmm, is it still alive?!
When you’re the first one to finish your test
Attention please. Please reboot and cuddle.
The cats meditating
How are the ergonomics of working on a laptop on top of a stack of books!? It made my wrists ache just looking at it!

I feel like that cat this morning... so tired!
Loving those adorable r/kittykankles
Heat she needs. *baby yoda voice*
The scientific name for this is 'garfielding'.
Why is he not in your lap?
Literally me
Form of protest:   Hold down the Delete key
I think cat friend is trying to tell you you are on the PC too much..
Sleeping Floof
Standing desk: student edition!
Awww...He's so tired!

You should stop coding right now, taking him/her into your bedroom and snuggle until sleep hits you.
I’ve been there man....
My cat does this. He will put his head like this on any body part and stay, hoping you'll take the bait and give him attention.

It's cute and annoying.

Edit; Your cat has gorgeous coloring.
take that baby, and go to bed
The cat is relatable.
He's depressed at the state of the world right now. I can relate
Cat.exe has stopped.
Working so late is surely against your country's lapurr laws and a healthy work life bawwwlance.
Breed?
New USB device connected
r/stoppedworking
That's me right now after waiting for my fiance to get home from work at 3:30am so we could eat breakfast together.
Fell asleep at the keyboard again.
Why is your laptop stacked on top of a bunch of books? Curious xx
adorable af.
I think it’s broken
Dropping subtle hints
Awe she tried to hang lol but couldnt
turn up the heater man. cats need about 2-3 degrees higher room temp than you.
Awwww
I love it!!  Honestly one of the cutest cat videos I've ever seen! 😂💚😘
warm forehead is better than warm nothing.
fun
/u/vredditdownloader
Working hard!
It's testing out the new iBrows feature.
pick it up and put it to bed, some head scritches too
r/catfaceplant
Tell me your cat was snoring while doing this
Your cat wants you to go to sleep when he/she goes to sleep! <3
Plot twist - just a realistic looking plushie
Awwww 😊
I think it just wants the heat coming from computer
This is most adorable cat ever... Haha
They have bedtimes, I swear. Our Beagle is the worst! He’ll start talking at us to go upstairs.
it’s so cuteeeeeee AAAHH🧡🧡
What kind of kitty is he (she)? Obviously beautiful, but looks a little like a bobcat
r/stoppedworking
Lol
I’ve been feeling like your cat lately...
That unsecured nose!

Would definetely try to boop.
Me when i have a month worth assignment to do in just 3 hours
Designer?
Is that maple??!!!!
Cat sleeps on the wrong lap. [STORY TIME]
MacBook Prrrrrrrrrrr
Same
my cat never did that. she only looks what I am doing never touch anything.
Sweet baby. This is priceless.
Omg that cat is beautiful
Cat.exe has stopped working
Is that a cat or a mountain lion?
Ight imma head out...
Cat.exe has stopped working
Does anyone know the name of this cat’s breed? Beautiful
"Go to bed, kitty."
Somebody has a case of the Mondays
She looks like a cougar😼
This cate is very sade
That part of work macbook gets to be a nice medium between the cold bottom part and the scolding hot top part, looks like he's found his perfect temp.  That said, it's slowly been melting the glue off the sticker I put there a few months ago.
Hes concentrating.
[My dog, Dusty, when he decides it's bedtime.](https://m.imgur.com/gallery/JiDneQn)
He's trying to "accidentally" push delete-button or what? :D
She wants to say that, "hey hooman, let's go get some sleep. It's too late"
I’m that cat when I’ve got an exam the next day
poor cat just wants it to be dark out
Aw he/she wants to be involved but is feeling too sleepy
He too knows to bow down to the computer God!
Cat powered down 😂😂😂
When you stay up studying for the test tomorrow
Haha you have so tired Cat
Aww he wanted to be petted but didn’t want to be too much of a nuisance
Lmao
I understand your cat spiritually.
Haha! Clear sign that it’s bed time
Be careful! Your cat is trying to decrypt some files! My trouble maker did the same too!
I love his colouration. What's his breed?
HeadOn. Apply directly to the forehead!
He’s catatonic
Looks like a $500 laptop stand you got there
“Look at me hooman, I am you”
He’s so pretty what kind of cat is that?
maybe he feels some kind of radiation/interaction effect that human science dont know about yet
Sweet sleeping baby
😂
🥰
Cat wanted to keep you company. He tried his best.
this is adorable, your cat has such a beautiful fur coat
Cat nap
“I bow to you superior being, for the master of my master is my master as well.” - The cat probably.
Sorry teacher, my cat backspaced my report.
*sees picture*

There's an obvious joke here

*Ctrl+F "catnap"*

WAT
Depression symptom. Being ignored can be harsh
Those paws 😳
Cool Mountain Lion
lol
Beautiful cat.
Forget the cat, that’s a nice laptop stand you got there. What’s the make?
Awww!
looks to me that your cat was willing to help with a little bit of work.
What breed of cat is that? It looks like a little puma.
He is disappointed with his life
Apply directly to the forehead.
R/stoppedworking
/u/vredditshare
It's a Napbook Pro.
Ohh boy i get to see my cat again tommorow!
I think they're trying to tell you something!
*Yawn*...I'm sorry Jon
So Cute. Was he after the mouse?
Your cat is going through tough times
Lol looks like the cat was doing most the work lol 😂
This is so adorable I’m crying
I'm done with your shit Karen.
lol
/u/vredditshare
Macbooks have this funny feeling to the touch when connected to the charger due to it's rarted design thats failing to ground properly. Maybe the electricity is frying his brain.
♥️♥️♥️
Lag
Q
Communing with the internet
That's gotta be the cutest thing I've ever seen.
Cat.exe has stopped wworking
What kind of kitty is that?! Amazing coloring.
Aaawww your cat is clever , and knew you should be in bed having cuddles xxxxx
That's a cute way to say its bedtime!!!!
You feedin that cat Evian and caviar? Beautiful coat it has.
“Let’s go to bedddddddddd.”
What sort of cat is that? The markings are great.
mood
r/petthedamncat
Sooo tired
I want a cat like yours, my dogs used to stay late with me.
Relate
What breed is this cat? I always forget
He tried to reach the Powerbutton
Your mother was a carpenter, so I'm convinced
Besides the cute cat, I’ve got that same type of laptop
What a beautiful cat! I’ve never seen a cat that color.
Human: aww cat is so sad and missing me!!


Cat: bzzzzzzzzzz this feels niiiiiice bzzzzzzz keep working bzzzzz
Same
Sleepy cat is sleepy... warm
 pillow just right hight...zzzzz
How do u get anywork done with that being around
Looks like your mini cougar is doing a sleepy snoozer.
Waiting for 'mouse' maybe
I thought this behavior was supposed to be worrisome?
Why are you taking photos!! Scratchies needed!
u/VredditDownloader
Cause you’re stupid and the cat is way smarter than you #catmentality
Same
I've learned to always tinker with the autosave settings first after getting a new program.
It's the heat, I have a laptop that gets pretty damn hot and becomes a magnet for my cat
Looks like your kitkat has crashed, try a total system reboot.
Heavy is the head that wears the crown.
My cat likes to lay his head about right there. It’s so adorable until his head lays in the power cord enough
Hug it. God dammit
Dude how tall are you?? That’s a hefty stack of books!
My cat keeps doing this on my hands and actually used quite some pressure to keep my hand there, seems to make her happy no clue why
Ah working late is just boring so I will just go to sleep until you pet me and take me to bed
/u/vredditshare
Cat must be mimicking you
/r/PetTheDamnCat
Standby mode activated
He do be thinking
Transferring Data....
I do that if I have a head ache
Can we get a face pic of him? Looks like a Mini Mountain Lion from this angle!
Human. Seriously, it has been a day...
Adorably cute.
u/vredditshare
I work in IT and see this constantly. First time seeing a cat do this though.
I-I think it's broken. Have you tried turning it off and on?
Aww. What a sweetie. And it’s coloring is lovely. Pretty kitty for sure. 💕
That ain’t aww, that’s depressing
That is pretty cute.
So cute
*claps*
oh yeah, you need to reset that thing
The escape button is on the other side, yet manages to activate on self....

Apple iCat!

It’s our best..... iCat.... ever
Hope you got your work done mate!
Is that medibang?? U draw?? Can I see some drawings?? Can I have ur cat?
Bow to the god of photoshop!
What breed is ...it?
He/she looks beautiful!
Have you tried turning it off and on again?

Edit: “on”
You can’t fool us with your taxidermy cat!
Your cat needs new batteries
Needs more memory!
Me on a Monday.
OMFG SO CUTE AND FUNNY
Sleep deprivation as a cat. A hard life
He’s studying let him concentrate, lol!
Man I feel that
Head-Crash?
My cat do this against walls. It's a bit strange
In cat language, that means, "Hurry up and come to bed. I need to snuggle"
My life in a nutshell.
When cats press their head against things like that, isn't that a sign of a problem?  Like, they have head trauma or something.
Cute but this is not your cat. You don’t have to lie to get karma lol.
Paws!
Me at work

Meow IRL
I fucking love this so much
/u/vredditshare
Reminds me of My daughter.
What unique color that fellow is. Beautiful kitty.
Are you sure you don't own a tiny lynx?
Beautiful cat. What breed is he/she?
i guess i dont procrastinate as bad as i thought i did. i used to turn it in the day it had to be,  but not as late as seconds before. i had a few class mates tryed to do rhe whole few seconds late deal but they said the site was down due to  Scheduled  maintenance. ooof
Your cat always does this, you were just up to see it.
adorable heat thief!
Please, charge your cat, if it doesn't help, reboot him
Abby LOVE those false mommies. Though I am surprised yours is a chonker, usually they move too much to ever get fat. Mutt perhaps?
Meow-loading critical information
cats like to reflect what their owners are doing


in other words,OP likes to sleep during work
Cat wants to you both to go to bed so badly.
Unlike the color of your cat's coat
Me when high on dope.
Your cat is telling you it’s time for bed.
You did all the work and your kitty did all the napping.
Out like a light.
She finds the hum of the computer calming
He sleepy on him hed
Aww seems like your cat did its best to stay up with you
Mood
Photoshop aint no work

It's just a poisoning video game.
I know the feeling, cat.
He/she is trying to stay up to keep you company. That's true love right there.
Boi sleepin
Cuteness overload 😍
Thanks, I needed this.
You’re working him too hard. He needs his sleep.
He scraped some weed maybe.
She is praying for you to get done soon.
We’ve all been there.
its called face-slam-outsourcing: if you don't have enough time to be stressed
She/He's bored. You should had played with it a long time ago =P
PET THAT KITTEH!
r/stoppedworking
Is this “come to bed” cat version? Dq
Umm, does anyone know where the reset button is?
Mind meld.
i felt this
He did the nap
Maybe your cat is trying to tell you something...
ESC ESC ESCape Escape ESCAPE! 👍😂
take my precious up-vote ...
They’re interfacing with the computer, currently they’re sending out their mind to see your meme collection.
I was doing some work late at night and *I* did that.

It's cuter when the cat does it though, and it doesn't look like she'll wake up with keyboard face.
I think instead of shutting your computer down your cat shut down
Make sure your cat doesn’t continue to press its head into objects! 
It can be a sign of illness so not so cute:(
Would need to get him/her checked out !!
u/VredditDownloader
Your cat has the coloring of a mini mountain loin
I don't know about cats but when a dog does that against the wall it's a bad sign.
Hey OP if this is your OC I'd like to point out that placing your laptop on books like this could cause it to overheat. Many newer macbooks use the case as a heatsink so those little rubber bits underneath leave an air gap for good cooling. I don't think it would really matter unless your doing very CPU intensive work.
Is that a $500 laptop stand or what?
he found a warm pillow
ALT F
Trust me, he wanted to erase your work but just missed backspace and decided to go on reddit instead.
Shit, looks like the cats have figured out a way to connect to the internet. We’re in trouble y’all.
Cat.exe has encountered an error
Ur lucky to have such a fine feline companion.
I know it looks very cute but that to me is head pressing.
My spirit animal
Please give it some love! Hahaha
My cat does this when she sits on my crossed legged lap, except she smooshes her face into my crossed leg. She only does it if I otherwise ignore her.
Inemuri cat.
Adobe is the culprit of many a late night head droop
Hahaha.. That's so great!
Wireless charging activated
Dangerously close to the off button there
My dog does this!
Me in high school math class.  
Idk why but when that first number came out of the teachers mouth I feel asleep. I did well on tests and homework but failed at staying awake.
aw poor dude they (cat) must have been studying very hard hehe
/u/vredditshare
Kitty likes the laptop warmf
No one considers the possibility that the cat is mind-melding with the computer to steal data?
Tell me one person who doesn’t admit that cats are strangely weird..
That’s cute she stayed up just to be around you but sleep won in the end
Cats are weird in the absolutely best way possible
r/animalsbeingderps
My cat does this a lot when it's too bright in the room he wants to sleep in.  I've never seen him do it sitting up though.
Omfg! Please just come to bed!🙄
Head pressing. Please take to a vet. I'm not saying it definitely is, but this might be head pressing, which is usually a sign of serious illness.
someone tell me what kind of this is please! I want one
He wants attention numbnuts
My God take that cat on your lap and cuddle it!
Great lighting for late at night
r/petthedamncat
WHAT TYPE OF CAT IS THIS
Don't cats and dogs do this when they have a headache?
I love the color of that cat!
So cute
Aww, looks just like my catto
Kitty try’n to help but sleepieness is too strong!
Tired baby,  adorable, I hope you gave lots of snuggles.
r/thisismylifenow
Very nice cat and very cute, I am envy
KITTY
Cat like things that radiate heat
Kitty praying that you finally get that work done so you have time for him/her.
Is that a thousand dollar laptop stand I see?
Did you try unplugging it and plugging it back in?
“I stay up and work with you human”
Cat shutdown, closing the session.
u/vredditdownloader
I’m pretty sure that’s puma and you live in Russia
He seems to be enjoying your laptop cooling fan vibrations. A mini head massage.
I love your cat and its chunky paws
Cat.
Currently Downloading Infurrmation
Cats dig the heat from computer cooling fans.

Mine always lies on the water cooling radiator fans on top of my desktop PC when I'm playing a game with GPU-hungry graphics.

So nice and quiet while she lies there, but when she finally gets up the fans go WHHHHOOOOOOOOSH!!!!!!
Human, time to sleep!
Awww, beebeeee. What a cutie. Put that baby to bed, lol
Awwwwwww <3
He's downloading an update.
He was downloading the data from the computer and is now a superior being. Seriously, ask him anything.
Your cat looks like a mini mountain lion!😍
My spirit animal
("Jesus, Bob, get done...")
The application "cat.app" is not responding.
What kind of cat is that?
Looks like me on a plane
High school student sleeping on the desk day before the exam ... I can relate
My cat just lays down on the fucking keyboard
Me at work:
Probably likes the feeling of the warmth on his head. My MBP gets pretty toasty around there!
Good ole fashioned cat nap.
I see you found a good use for that $1,000 pile of text books.
hes drunk
that's a dang good lookin' cat
I feel like it's trying to tell you something. Maybe like "Human servant, it's time for bed and cuddles. And the first security sweep can't be completed until the lights are out. If you don't go, I will stand here and stare at you until you~ ...Zzzzz Zzzzz"
How I feel everyday
What breed is (s)he?
Best assistant ever.
What kind of cat is this? That coloring looks pretty unique
Whomst analyst is this
Izza Puma m8
Unrelated, but your cat's color makes him look like a tiny mountain lion. A sad mountain lion...
Wheres their stripes? It looks like a tabby, but their stripes washed out in the rain..
This warm. Me stay.
We've all been there.
I love cats. They're all weird as hell.
Error 404: Cat32 not found
cat.exe stopped responding
Isn't head pressing a sign of illness with the cat? If he does this more than once (not while sleeping) take him to the vet.
How to get neck pain 101
How very cat-hart-ic
Fell asleep on the job.
Your cat looks almost identical to mine
Is your cat possibly a mountain lion?
He just vibin
Cool cat. What kind is it. Looks like a little cougar
Aww, she is imitating a college student:) <3
Cat.exe has crashed
Your cat looks like a mini lion.
Pretry sure he's saying you dont need a $1000 monitor stand for a Macbook.
Is that Aztec software I see?! I’m curious what you’re working on.
he's trying to tell you to go to bed.
That's it, no more working xD
Cat stopped working
*Please reboot to gain power*
lol, when I was up late, my cat used to just walk by me, glare, and go to the bedroom without me.
Ooooh you have an abyssinian! What a pretty tired kitty.
u/vredditshare
What breed is that?
Hey some times pet do this when they get headache
Have you tried turning it off and back on again?
Adorable but also, that is a beautiful coat.
Needs love. Staying awake as long as possible, neeedddzzz LOVE!
Me every day at work
What a beautiful coat! Thanks for sharing!
Looks like catalepsy.
Human shiny slab waaaaarm.
Mood
She looks really pretty.
Your cat has narcolepsy, brah. It’s adorable, brah.
Animals usually do this when they have some sort of neurological disorder.  Take them to the Vet immediately.
I understand that cat so much right now.
Does anyone know why cats do this against things? My cat loves doing this
He was so excited at first... I feel sorry for him.
do u have a tiny mountain lion?
Deep Purr-cket inspection of that wifi signal.
That’s a beautiful cat btw
Someone please convince my boyfriend that we need a cat just like this.
Your cat's downloading the latest firmware.
This was even too late for your cat to stay awake.
u/vredditdownloader
A 2k laptop being help up by $5600 worth of college text books..  :)
Awesome first post to see today! Beautiful!
Great looking coat on that cat.  Its colored like a cougar or something.
Kitty’s hard drive has crashed and needs a reboot. BTW, that cat has a beautiful color. So pretty.
Some cats get headaches. When they do, the cat will press his head into something and stay that way for a long time. But maybe he is just napping on something warm. Talk to you vet.
Those feet tho
I just snorted my wine
Cat is helping
u/vredditshare
It looks like your cat has had a day.
Off topic, but what computer do you use? I do photoshop in my free time and my old thing barely keeps up being as its 6ish years old
Stop melting my heart q_q
/u/vredditshare
Non VReddit link
https://i.imgur.com/XYbItxs.gifv
oh my god i'm going to die of cuteness
Our cat hates it when we are on the computer. He wants all the attention.
They’re linking up to the internet, all is lost!!!!
Cat-top haz sleep mode on
He has the fur of a sphynx
How about if you type ME for a while, huh?
if this is new/sudden behavior you should have your cat checked out by a vet

there are articles online discussing head pressing behavior that say it's a sign of a serious neurological problem
```cat.exe has encountered a problem and needs to be shut down.```
Wish cat for u
Is your cat a baby cougar?
Aww the cat misses the mouse. It’s mourning
Is this a regular thing? Sometimes cats will press their heads against stuff if they have headaches. Google head pressing.
Ill take 2 of whst he had.
oh man cats are too adorable :)
u/vredditdownloader
Beautiful coloring, what kind of cat is it?
Cat.exe has crashed
r/likeus

That dude is just as tired of work as you
It’s bed time. He wants snuggles
That is some serious support
That's me at work everyday!!!
What type of cat is this.
Relatable
I see you’ve got the same laptop stand as me. College textbooks that depreciated 100% as soon as you purchased them with no residual value. Also you have to pay inventory costs to house them as you feel your sunken cost can be recouped somehow by putting in some rework and repurposing them in a different department within your entity.
I’m in tears. 🤣🤣🤣
That’s a small mountain lion.
Hell yeah, GIMP forever!
USB See?
I like your cat. 🐈 🐱
It looks a little broken, I hope you still have the receipt
Praying you get your work done
I'd be a tad bit more concerned. There is a thing called "head pressing" in cats and it can be a sign of something wrong. Might need to schedule a vet visit.
That fur baby loves you so much!
Lol awwwww. Fell asleep?
I outloud awww’d
Goodness. What an angel
I want to see what op is drawing though!!
Me after college exams
Iz tyme fur sleeping.
Funny how our fur babies, try so hard to be at our sides all the time. However bed time is simply bed time lol. My pup is the same way as your kitty lol
Your cat is me.
Was it really sleeping in that position? Sometimes cats press their heads to when they have health issues. I mean if it is awake or does this more than once a comment from the vet may be requested.
I want to see his cute face now!
I think it's trying to turn off the computer
Head pressing can be a sign of poisoning.
Omg. Put that kitty to bed and please go with.
I have never seen a post with this many upvotes before
Hanging above the escape key, they are prepared to undo everything you've worked on.
True $1,000 monitor stand
This cat is a real one... will grind with you even when tired
i recently leveled up enough at work that i was given a laptop (my main box at work runs windows 10 but i needed to run ubuntu on something and i'll be damned if i'm going to be stuck running it as a subsystem on windows). i've brought it home a few times and done some work from the couch. kitty, who is very much a needy lap kitty, is having trouble adjusting to his new competition. previously he only had to spar with my boyfriend's head for lap space.
He was trying to shit your laptop off with his head. That's where my power button is lol.
reminds me of me at work..... hard to get those key indentations out of my forehead.
*DearGod,Make them turn this thing off.*
Is your cat in pain? Any weird symptoms going on?
Hooman - why you not doin a snooze. Look, I show you!
You little fur baby just wants to show luv
Did you try turning the cat off and back on again?
/u/vredditdownloader
And... that is me trying to read before sleep...
Why in the name of all that is holy were you working with a laptop stacked on 5 books
This makes me think of homer Simpson  saying 'dou' for some reason
Cat: I swear that bitch got me fucked up....
Please hooman, come to bad...is too late...😂🤣😂 thanks for posting!!!
u/vredditdownloader
u/Vredditdownloader
"I can't believe you've done this."
Puuuurrtato quality
I know this feeling.
Haahhahah  Cat comes over!  Heeelllooooo there.   Ohhh wait.  Sooo tired  I will just rest my head here for a second.


ZZzzzzZZzzzzZZZzzzZZZZzzz
That’s how I feel, was up writing a term paper up until 5:30am
Lightroom tends to do this to my cat too... what gives?
My wife said that cats do that when they have headaches.
Aww
For any non-cat people out there who want an explanation: cats are little weirdos
Yea a few times I wake up extremely early to get some studying done and my kitty tries to give me moral support but she's so sleepy
You’re cat looks like me doing work at night
Sleepy baby was trying to stay awake with you
[removed]
u/vredditdownloader
So zen
It's a Mac mind meld. Cat's gonna wake up a lot more expensive and will then loudly ask for proprietary add-ons.
R/animalsbeingbros
I love the custom notebook stand
“I’m sorry I ate your mouse”
Relatable
He is ready for bed think he is trying to tell you something lol
Why is your laptop on a stack of books?
Wait doesn't that mean that the cat is some kind of pain or distress??
So true...
u/theclassytramp ❤️❤️
#same
I'm surprised a cat would stay up late with it's owner. I just assumed them being so independent, that they'd just go to their bed, and leave you up on your own.
the cat was trying to find the mouse
Hello! Are you the author of this video? If so, may please RT TV use it on our RT/RBTH/Ruptly platforms with credit to you?

Thank you in advance,

Kind regards

[nbserdyuk@rttv.ru](mailto:nbserdyuk@rttv.ru)
me at football practice after getting 2 hours of sleep and having gone through a whole day of school
Awwwww
Oh my cuteness. How precious and adorable
Love the stack of books. Way to be ergonomic
*cracks open a white claw*
This looks like Pressing to me. Might wanna get him checked out. I'm probably wrong though.
When your cat falls asleep questioning its life choices
Edit: fucking autocorrect
I see Krita
Its all nice and warm, I see your on the new mac, so no idea where your components are however mine are close to the back where its gets very warm under heavy load haha!
get them a bed on your table! such a horrible hooman...
"God dammit John, not this fuckin' song again. One of these days I'm going to leave you"
“I should not have just liked her selfie from 3 years ago.”
He went catatonic.
I think that's a sign the cat is sick and should be seen by a vet immediately.
Isn't a cat putting its head against something hard a bad sign? You might need to see a Vet.
I has a nap.
r/stoppedworking
"cat.exe" is not responding.

[Recover] [Close]
Have you tried turning it off and on?
Trying to get you to go to bed, she's trying to push the power button but lacks the fingers / dexterity to do so.  She's just thinking of your health.  Good kitty.  Btw, that's a beautiful cat pattern and colors, what type of kitty is she?
Purrfect study buddy.
Same cat... same...
OP, I don't mean to cause panic, but that's not a cat, that's a mini-mountain lion!!!
Same.
Is your cat a baby Puma?
I feel you cat, I feel you. I'm having one of those days.
Bro he is using the og $1000 laptop stand
I Cat Even!
Ah. This is Garfield?
This is how I am after every meal.
I love that cat. I wanna play with it lol
