It really was too scary for audiences.
i am SWEATING.
OH LAWD HE COMIN
No CGI in that scene.
MUST GO FASTER
Clever girl.
Tortoise doesn't want to be fed, he wants to hunt.
Based on other turtle vids I've seen, I'm going to go out on a limb here and say he was trying to bang that RC car.
Do you have the source file for this? It would be great to color correct it and crop to a cinema aspect ratio.
They were so busy trying to see if they could, they never stopped to ask if they should.
Xj love!
That's the best thing I've seen all year!
Thoughts and prayers
I’ve just been sitting here rewatching this a million times... one quick turtle
Must go faster
You crazy son of a bitch, you really did it...
You think they’ll have that on the tour?
He trying to get laid
All I could hear is that music when they first see the brontosaurus 🦕
Stand arrow: Hey babe, I'm alone again

*Running in the 90s starts playing*

Polnareff:
Good thing they removed it, the CGI turtle looks low budget as fuck!
That tortoise definitely wants to smash...
Practical effects are always better than CGI.
I was waiting for the tortoise to turn over after being hit by a missile launched from the car.
Coming to getcha he’s coming ta GET CHA!!
You had me for the first part. I thought that blue tarp in the background was there for cgi haha
You did it. That crazy bastard actually did it.
Needs more cutaways and close up
Just saying, I could watch soooo much more of this type of stuff.
[Reminds me of this](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=JkNLAUwSFGw)
You should crosspost this to r/funny.

Better than 99% of the crap over there.
That is one angry turtle lol 🚚  🐢
This set has a blue screen and all!
Oh boy! Here I go killing again.
Objects in mirror are closer than they appear.
Did you put food on the truck?
It is actually kinda scary how fast turtles actually are
Lol thats amazing
Still better effects than the 2nd and 3rd movies.
That motherfucker is fast...
He be zooomin
Being in that truck must be really terrifying
Looked so much like Gamera!
I love both this and your tortoise
Is that areal tortoise?
Must go faster must go faster
Who are going slower??
Must go faster, must go faster!
terrifying..
This isn’t aww this is terrifying
Damn that turtle be looking THICC
Scx10?
Jeez that torts is fast
Look at him go!
[deleted]
Bring me back my carrot you azzhole!!
That jeep is going to get the  M O N C H
Dude was booking it!
That’s awesome!!
Seems legit.
This....IS AWESOME
Well, that made my day.
Tortoise walking with a purpose
I think the tortoise wants to hump it, not eat it.
Oddly terrifying.
That was one shell of an escape
I would pay a grand to watch it all over again
Whoever said turtles were slow was a fucking liar
OH LAWD HE COMIN’
I'd like to know how that tortoise was walking there when in the prior scene there was a SHEER DROPOFF just beyond that alley.
Someone reply to this in 12 hours so I can remember this sober
Must... uh... drive faster.
That turtle is going to hump that truck once it gets ahold of it!
I TOLD YOU NOT TO LET HIM SMELL THE PIZZA
This made my day!
I would watch this movie.
Where you think you’re going MF?!?
Great use of blue screen.
My question is WHAT DOES (S)HE DO ONCE (S)HE GET THE CAR?!
That’s so fucking awesome.
Aw it's so cute!
The 2020 version of the tortoise and the hare
"Must go faster"
LOL! LOVE IT!!
Okay, but why is that tortoise chasing that shit like it’s blood thirsty. You can see it in his eyes.
That turtle definitely wants to bang your truck
u/vredditshare
That's not very accurate.  Dinosaurs were....kidding.  Really funny.
Someone make the end slow motion
Must have a carrot on the bumper
He is so trying to fuck that truck.
Must go faster must go faster!
Lmao your dog fast
He just wants a ride
so, Sarlacc Park. What could it do?
"I will have sex with your car!!!"
Ludicrous speed
I actually thought this was real for a second
Damn that tortoise is speedy
I want more
Oh no
— What’s a South Park character
that man is movin
False. That is not a mercedes truck.
He looks like he's having so much fun. There is always a way to play with your animal. If you really want to, you'll find a way.
What a great way to keep the little guy occupied!
Wow speedy boi
Does anyone else find this oddly terrifying?
What a speedster <3
That’s cute! 🚙🐢
You can tell it’s real because of the blue screen. Er— tarp..
He really be vibin tho
I wish there was a beffed XJ in that movie
Must go faster.
Must go faster! Must go faster!
You where'd you get that remote control tortoise from?
OH LORD THIS IS TERRIFYING
Ha ha SO funny I think I'll watch it again!
This is fantastic!
OMG I laughed way too hard at this
Now with a go-pro on the back of the car!
I have rescued so many turtles off the road but nothing like that
You clearly spared no expense.
Those cinder block simultaneously seem too big and too small. The perspective is messing with my head. Are those normal cinder block?
holy shit that turtle is *hauling* ass...
His shell is perfect!!
Who let Mitch McConnell out of the yard?
Mess with the turt, you get the hurt.
/r/rccars
What if i told you I had a nightmare that was similar to this a few months ago. It was a giant tortoise that had bigfoot wheels instead of legs and it was chasing me.   I remember because i decided to write it down.
That jeep gonna get humped
Its GAMERA!
"Think they'll have that on the tour?"
What a magnificent creature
thats turtle wants to fuck speed
GET OFF MY LAWN!!!
This turtle wont lose to any hare
I have no regrets being tricked and watching it.
That boi was ZOOMIN!!!
That Tortoise knows that he’s the bringer if destruction
Brutal dinosaur beats up main character on escape vehicle
That turtle is pissed
This is high quality entertainment right here.
You can even see the blue screen in the background!
WHY ARE YOU RUNNING?
Gamera forgetting he can fly again.
Couldn’t even finish the entire gif
Now that I think about it, massive, quick tortise running towards a truck similarly to the T-Rex in the first film would be a nice addition to a new Jurrasic Park
I feel like /r/Jeep woukd enjoy this immensely.
How much you wanna bet he wants to make truck babies?
Somebody did this and i apreciate that
DUN DUN DUUUN
that's not a Mercedes
"GET YOUR ASS BACK HEEEEEEEEEERE"
"Must go faster. Must go faster!"
Damn he is really movin!
that turtle was not fuckin around
Gomorra 🐢
It honestly looks like a South Park character
Gamera fell on some hard times.
<control-f>Clever

f*ck
The tortoise thinks its a potential mate
r/oddlyterrifying
Its a tortoise not a turtle....
I don’t know a bunch about turtles, but i have a feeling that if he catches that keep, he’s gonna try to boink it.
You did it you crazy son of a bitch.. you did it
He wasn't thinking "Oh, imma be a movie star!" 

That Tortoise was actually probably looking to that car like it was another tortoise and thinking "Swigity swooty! Comin for dat booty"
That turtle is huge!!!!!
He wants that ass
Lol
I have seen this enormous creature in real life.
This Godzilla remake legit looks better than Cats
Thats more like a kaiju
When the vehicle struggled at the pit, I was most afraid
South Park Episode was too on the nose
He chasing the CEO of straws
Jurassic park doesnt use turtles they use animated dinosaurs lmao anyone actually believe this?
Alright imma need a list of turtle/tortoise subreddits STAT
Imagine a tortoise that size relative to a truck moving that quickly. That would actually be pretty damn scary!

(Yes I know the square-cube law would make that impossible, but if it was moving like that, defying physics, it would only be more terrifying.)
YES
A
Someone add a cgi overlay of like rain and headlights, and this could be legitimately scary..
Gamera!
r/thehorror
Indiana Jones and the tortoise of doom
Someone please make an edit of this
Looks like it could be a QTA scene in a video game lol
Do do do doo do
Damn i want the movie to be re-released now
I KNEW TURTLES WERE BAD! NONE OF UOU BELIEVED ME BUT I KNEW
Who said turtles were slow
I can see why it is deleted.
Needs the music
damn he's zoomin
Lol it’s so cute, Kinda reminds me of a old guy exercising just cause a turtle lowkey despite what age looks old.
That's how you play fetch with your turtle
My dad has a tortoise who is just like this. We don’t know what it is but every person he sees he just chases down. You’re mowing, he’s trying to destroy the mower. You stand still he will walk straight at you just like this. No idea why
Better than Jurassic World.
Must be a male sulcata.
Dude those guys were *zoomin*
Jesus Chris, it’s a huge dog!
Oscar worthy! 

Trivia note: The cries of the velociraptors in Jurassic Park/World are the sped-up sounds of a tortoise having sex.
Who else thought this was a real set for the movie and the blue in the back was the blue screen for CGI
Luv it!
More accurately a bird would be chasing it
Never before have I seen such determination.
Wow thats scarie
What is this fad of having super realistic and slow moving rc cars called?  Mini jeeping?
Mister Tortoise just wanted to make friends
You had me in the first half
Must go faster...
Insert T-REX noise: \*NNNNNNRRRRROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO\*
Wasn’t sure what I was seeing at first
!remindme 100 days
Can we add some explosions?
Better than the actual movie.
It should have been in the movie
I’m loving this new trend of videoing animals with toys, it’s fucking adorable
LOL
this made me very uncomfortable for some reason, the turtle is kind of too fast for my taste
Nice
"Must go faster, must go... Wait, never mind... This is fast enough."
u/VredditDownloader
Here's a more version movie-like version: https://amp.reddit.com/r/Unexpected/comments/cqgj89/testing_nukes_please_ignore/
I like how the tarp in the background looks like a blue screen on set
Is he pissed or having a laugh I wonder?
My hamster when it sees anything
This is the content I live for
The truck is his friend! 😍
Must go faster
Make Loh go!
More like cancelled Gamera reboot...
Terry!
I thought that was a real car for just a second
[I added a background and rain](https://imgur.com/a/ZVTibVl)
Get em Anky!
kinda peed my self when he hit that corner
the funny thing is that prehistoric tortoises and turtles were massive like this cute boi
U/vredditdownloader
There are no words
Spared some expense.
Was this taken before or after it tried [burning down the house](https://blog.therainforestsite.greatergood.com/turtle-house-fire/)?
Linked xj with coil over conversion and trussed front end
Is there a turtle/raptor kitchen scene as well because I think we all agree we need to see it
If it was a little bit longer it would be the perfect loop
Scarry
Poor thing probably wants to mate lol
Gotta go fast
What the heck!!!?!??? Lair! 😖😖😖😖this was OBVIOUSY not a dleted scene 🤦‍♂️
For your idiocy regarding the speculated unused footage, I, fnunky idiot puncher have PUNCH you!!!
🤜💥<——— (you, the stupi u/scabylasis)

Source: i am harvard university
ITT people mistaking a tortoise for a turtle
I can see the special effects weren’t the usual high quality in this scene. I can see why they removed it
Oh crab bro, drive! GO GO GO!
that tortoise totally wants to f\*\*k that vaguely-tortoise shaped car.
Playful turtles are making the rounds lately and I'm here for it.
Clever Girl.
Gamera is a friend to all children. But not to jeeps.
He hunt
Turtle is on boost.
LET ME HUMP YOU
You: “It’s deleted.
r/bettereveryloop
Malcolm: Can’t you see? It’s the same as before. All you scientists try to do is *more* you don’t stop to wonder if the world can handle the changes these creatures will bring about.  

Hammond: It’s progress! It brings us closer to fully harnessing genetic energy.  Why would I sit here and do nothing, when I have all this equipment already in my hands.  You know medicine never made money, and defense has proven to be the most profitable industry in the world.  With our creations, we will provide the future of warfare and bring in a new era of peace and prosperity. 

Malcolm: Burn it down. Burn it all down. You don’t understand the power you’re toying with.  How are you even doing it?  

Hammond: You may be skeptical now, but you’ll see.  Jurassic Park has already been operating smoothly for over a year now, and we haven’t encountered a single malfunction. Everything is going perfectly.  Since we’ve had the time to learn about how the dinosaurs behave, we know that they can’t possibly hurt us if we follow a strict guideline of rules. 

Malcolm: But how are you going to control them outside of the park? And why giant versions of things? 

Hammond: Colossal versions of regular reptiles has been a goal of mine all along.  Think about the potential of a giant gecko equipped with a saddle.  Or a tortoise made for battle. 

Malcolm: You made a tortoise?  

Hammond: I can show you. 

Hammond led Malcolm through the door in the corner of the office, and down a corridor plastered with pictures and diagrams of reptile and amphibian DNA. As Hammond opened the last door on the left, Malcolm saw that the room was full of juvenile St. Bernard sized tortoises.  Sitting at a table with a stereo microscope sat Wu.  He was studying a slide with something green looking on it.  

Wu: Have you come to shut us down Ian? 

(Ian)Malcolm: I’ve come to learn, but I’m getting closer and closer to acting on your suspicion. 

Wu: Good luck.
I want more
It really is much scarier when the dinosaur chasing you wants to mate..
Wholesome
Hahaha😀
How long should you wait to repost something?
A tortoise will follow a strawberry with that sort of dedication.
That dinosaur wants to FUK
Hehehe he looks so serious
The Jeeps only natural predator! The North American Long Necked Sonoran Gopher Semi Aquatic Reticulated Pugilistic Meandering Box Tortoise!
Now you need a Jurassic Park suv for the full effect.
We laugh, but this is how special effects were done much of the time before computers haha
I laughed for a good minute at this.
He is just like “IM GUNA EAT THAT ASS!”
That car gonna get raaaaaped
Well some of the dino sounds in Jurassic Park were created using audio of tortoises mating so some if he ever caught that RC car, some of this scene may have ended up in the film after all!
Why the hell is the turtle so fast?
One million BC, 2020-style!
That’s just adorable!
Imagine the entire movie being like this
500th comment
Indiana jouns in car turtle IS rock
😂
Car:

Turtle: *_(A N G E R)_*
I literally spit out my milk 😂
I wish there was a camera in the car so we could see the footage
[Since I haven't seen anyone else do it yet.](https://gifsound.com/?gifv=ZXuFNBV&v=zHalXjs0cDA&s=270)
That’s one fast turtle!
This is one of the funniest goddamn things I've ever seen in the my pathetic life
What's that stereotype if turtles being sluggish about, that bitch is moving more than I did in the past 12 months.
That'd be legit terrifying
It's jurrasic Park, it's a massive park, what could possibly go wrooooong!!!?
As a professional, i can indeed say. That this.... that is a shell boi
Well thats terrifying
I wanna see this shit overcranked
That tortoise really hates or loves that RC car..
Aww! He gonna getcha!
This is way better than the last movie.
"We clocked the turtle-rex at 30 cm per hour!"
lol
That tortoise was fucking boogieing
bruh that turtle scary doe
That was wild
Do turtles/tortoises usually go that fast? Seems very speedy to me
This just made my day
Ima need the whole movie thx.
I've never seen a turtle chasing something
Best content of the year...
 Oh Lord he's coming
not sure what's going on here... but I just realized it's everything I need in my life right now. 

I must have more
u/nicau22
How the hell is a turtle moving that fast?
Gaw dang. Them RC turtles sure are lifelike
just me or does that turtle seem really fast
They aren't slow what the fuck
turyle wan truk
I like turtles
Turtlesaurous rex
Can anyone key out the blue and add something in?
He mad
[deleted]
Lmao
That tortoise is still alive out there, probably someone's pet. That owner can say their tortoise is an actor, and starred in one of the most iconic, and best movies of all time.
That is gorgeous and awesome!
Reminds me of the dude who’s been uploading videos of himself excavating his basement with RC construction equipment for the past 10 years.
Tortoiseasarus truly amazing CGI too, i feel humbled by the absolute amazing effects I've just witnessed .... Remember where you was when you watch it.. 
My life's been leading to this point for 48 years 😲🤔😆
That's the Usain Bolt of tortoises!!
Reminds me of the movie Be Kind Rewind when they would recreate scenes from famous and called it "sweeding".
Why would they delete it?
I gotta say even after all these years the special effects still hold up.
I have this game where I have a pet turtle who is incredibly fast and as soon as I saw this I thought of him, thank you.
That's so cool.
Some Michael Bay production on that and Hollywood will be all over it!
Damn that motherfucker run fast. You see that shit?
The tortoise is like:
"Come here you lil shit"
That was tense when the jeep got stuck for a bit in that ditch
That Tortoise can fucking act!
Is more faster than me
u/Vredditdownloader
I really want to recreate this
/u/Gif_slowing_bot
AWWW that is adorable because I love reptiles so my heart melted
That turtle is hauling ass
Lol it is very scary
*Must go faster*
Me chasing the pizza delivery guy who thinks I’m not home
This really needs the Jurassic Park theme playing in the background.
Thanks for giving me nightmares
“It’s turtles all the way back!”
Hahahah I love it
This gives me being-chased shivers
Tremors 2 anyone?
NSFW!
*flute Jurassic theme starts*
Thats a fast tortoise
* TURTLE INTESIFIES *
That sequence is legitimately better than the entire 3rd movie
That's one handsome Dino.
Look at him go!
Now I want an RC car.... and a turtle
u/Vredditdownloader
Truck got that good lettuce
r/unexpected
Hold on to ya’ butts!
You see Turtles and Crocodiles, and its so Hard to believe that the closest animales we have to beign Dinosaurs are Parrots and birds in general.
the bluescreen was here for the SFXs, so bad it didn't make it in the movie
Omg. Why is everyone believing that this is real. This obviously isn’t in Jurassic Park. Fools need to watch Jurassic Park.
And they say Dinoturtles can't move that fast!
That turtle / tortoise is moving at a pretty good clip!
More lile r/ahh
Why nobody is talking about how fast that tortoise was?
This is a marvel in modern cinematography 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟
All the turtle wanted was food... he smell food, now he smell blood. EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Who leveled up the Carb???
They tried to resurrect the carbonemys, but slipped in some trex genes to make them more entertaining.
They must’ve been moving straws or something
Another excellent example of practical effects vs CGI. Bravo, Spielberg.
Please mark all spoilers for Miocene Park appropriately! Some of us don’t want the Megalochelys Rex spoiled before we see it!
Tortoises are much faster than people think.
I watched this with the theme in my head xP
Hmm, much faster than I expected.
What is tortoise’s motivation, is there food on RC or is he/she in love?
I've never seen Mitch McConnell so angry.
This is an amazing way to get your sulcata the exercise it needs! Also loving how quickly it's moving, nice and healthy and wants that green.
J 3kk
Already the best video of the decade
The Honey I Shrunk the Kids reboot looks great!
Must go slower.
I see the blue screen was already in place.  Anyone going to toss in the missing CGI in the background?  Be inventive.
I thought it was gonna get them, such a suspense
this totally need the music.  its feels incomplete without.
Bow chicka bow wow...
Dumbass, its from The Turtle Park II.
https://i.imgur.com/GPwkZaq.mp4
Carbonemys is gonna get ya
No NSFW flag :(
He speedy
And this is why i had a pet turtle while  growing up
No one has ever seen a turtle  move that fast, so they knew it wasn't  real.
Did not disappoint
I love that someone made this for their turtle!
I’ve never seen a turtle move so fast
I found this to be more entertaining then all of Bryce Dallas Howard's acting in both movies combined.
Does that truck have a strawberry in back?  That's what got my box turtle excited.
Why does this give me anxiety to watch??? I need answers
That's actually terrifying from a perspective of anything smaller than that turtle. That thing was hustling fast
Pretty sure that turtle wants to mate with that truck
Ngl, I'd be scared of a massive turtle
That tortoise is trying to fuck that RC...
u/vredditdownloader
Archelon
Must have tied some food to the back.
**OH LARD HE COMIN’**
Why is it chasing it?
Fun clip
 [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uu5NdO4lsEc](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uu5NdO4lsEc)  thank you for the clip.
Can someone put it in slowmo
Must go faster must go faster
Didn’t love the CGI, turtle didn’t move like a turtle should
Practical effects are always better than CGI.
MUST GO FASTER. MUST GO FASTER.
Jurassic torts
Send in Michael Reeves.
This is amazing
That's one determined looking turto
Chonky turtle?
Turtle be like I’m gonna get you nom nom nom!
Swiggity swoogity he want that truck’s booty

hole
What a sweet little baby!
I literally just re-watched this movie today!!!!
