It’s does feel special for an animal to choose to spend time with you.
Learn to use the cute side of the force and you will learn to convince your owners, to give you certain treats.
His expression is pure wholesomeness.
A few months ago I went into a local shelter just "to take a look". Went into a room and sat on the floor, like this guy, and this little tiny black dog (chihuahua x terrier) came right up to me, curled up in my lap, and this was my exact reaction.

&#x200B;

Needless to say, little Luna (aka The Toona) came home with me and has been living her best life ever since. Can't imagine my life and lap without her in it. :)

[The moment that changed our lives forever](https://imgur.com/JfeYS3o)

[Additional 'Toona Tax'](https://imgur.com/mnnzc7K)
I want an oil painting of this.
The way he looks at the puppy, it's so pure and wholesome. 
And his gentle patting is like he doesn't want to hurt this precious friend. This made my day.
This happened to my friend Debbie with a very similar looking dog, when a group of us were having lunch. The dog was with its owner at the next table, and was yapping and yapping, from the second we sat down. It was starting to get a little annoying, but we're all dog lovers so we turned around and started chatting with the owner, whose name was Dave, and fussing over the dog, whose name was Daisy. 

Dave was really friendly, and we're all telling him that we're on holiday together. Meanwhile, lil' Daisy kept pulling at her lead, which finally slipped away from Dave's grasp. Daisy makes a beeline for Debbie, leaps onto her lap, curls up and immediately shuts up. She's all cosy and happy. We were all jealous of Debbie! 

Dave, Daisy and Debbie. I wish I could say that Dave and Debbie are now married 😂
Had a very similar experience this thanksgiving.. great aunt has a 3 rescue dogs and one of them is “an absolute terror” and whenever people come over it just hides..

I sat down in a chair the living room and all of a sudden it just runs at me and climbs on my lap. Everyone thought it was about to attack me but instead it just cuddle up and started chillin.. jaws were dropped around the room and it felt awesome but I was terrified to move at all lol
The other day as I was leaving my house, I saw a handsome chonk of a cat laying by my neighbor's door. I made eye contact and he got up, stretched, and stared at me, but didn't move.

Yesterday afternoon, as I left my house for the gym, I opened my door and saw the same cat by my neighbor's door. This time, the cat looked right at me then ran over. I put my hand down and it immediately started rubbing on me something fierce.

I know that's a typical reddit story, but that morning I had gotten a call that my grandmother had just died, and I'm currently alone while my whole family is on the other side of the country. It's like the cat knew I was hurting and ran over to console me.

I know it's just coincidence and he's probably just a friendly neighborhood cat, but that doesn't explain why I randomly went to check the mail at 6:30 this morning, opened the door, and saw the same cat, who ran over to me without hesitation this time.
He looks like Peter parker's bestfriend in the spiderman movies
As a person who’s allergic to dogs and cats, I have the same reaction. I wanna touch but I just end up hovering my hands over them and making that face.
My little Shih-tzu made visits as a therapy dog at a children's psych ward for 10 years. She had a special talent of picking the kids who were in the most distress. During the group sessions, she was famous for just curling up in the kid-s lap and helping them feel better. Even kids who would normally be afraid of dogs.
[https://youtu.be/31EF12P7AO0](https://youtu.be/31EF12P7AO0)

you're welcome!
Unconfined joy--love it.
"I have truly been blessed"
Awww.  That man needs a puppy every day.
This is my dog to any older man in the room.  Traitorous bitch.
I love this so much
[deleted]
This man is the embodiment of joy and you can't change my mind.
Me everytime I see a dog
I’M STILL WORTHY
This is the only correct reaction when someone else's dog claims your lap.
As a fellow short chubby asian guy who usually gets picks last for everything, it feels good to see a fellow chubby asian guy get picked...sniff*... sometimes it just feels good to win one for the little guys once in awhile.
the dog looks like its smiling
Ned approved!
Something similar happened to me once when I was visiting an ex-girlfriend. Her dad had recently remarried and the woman he married had a little Chihuahua that was a rescue (its previous owner had been an abusive male, so she would try to bite any male that tried to approach it). They warned me of this so I made no attempt to pet her (despite how much I wanted to).

One day during my visit, I sat on the floor and the dog calming walked over and sat right in my lap and let me pet her. Everyone in the house was so amazed by the moment, including me. I felt pretty good about who I was as person after that moment.
This dude seems awesome. I love his reaction!!
Those gentle pets he gives her are super sweet~
I've never see Ned so happy
Nobody makes that reaction when I sit on their laps
it feels amazing when an animal chooses you. A week or so ago I was with my friends and I was a bit down. Then a dog starting tugging and tugging on its leash until his owner let her go and it came to me. Really what I needed. Thanks, god
[deleted]
him: :0
the dog: :>
Spider Man is right there. But I like his friend!
I had this exact same experience but with a Penguin! I received a penguin encounter as a gift (they’re my favorite animal), and was told if everything went well we may be able to touch one on the back at the end. Apparently they aren’t fond of physical interaction with humans. But as soon as I sat down one waddled right over and sat in my lap!  

...And then I lost my shit crying because my dream had come true and I didn’t know what to do with my life after that. 😂

Edit:[proof of said shit-losing](https://imgur.com/gallery/vMewcVL)
I had a dog run right over to me and act so affectionately that his owner was a little jealous and asked me, a little indignantly, 'Do you KNOW him??'. Like maybe he'd been cheating on her with me 😄
Looks like the friend of Peter Parker in Spiderman but with no hair...
I have no doubt that this guy is a great person
His name is snowball because his fur is pretty and white
Total aside, but that dude is a dead ringer for Buddha. Big Buddha, not the younger, leaner version. Which is kinda awesome in itself.
That's a support dog, let's get walking bro.
When I was younger I begged and pleaded my parents for a dog for years but it was always a firm no. One day they told me that my dad needed to drop into a friend's house and that I should come with them cause they have a really nice dog. So I went inside, and petted their dog for a bit (it was a very nice dog). Then the lady opened a door and a puppy came barreling at me and immediately climbed into my lap and started licking my face. Love at first sight for both of us. Turns out the whole thing was a ruse, and they actually took me there cause I was taking that puppy home. This video is probably the exact expression I made when I found out.
He's so gentle with the dog, I love it
He looked like his whole world was changed with that choosing. Mine would have been.
Nothing gives you the enormous satisfaction quite like an animal who loves you after their owner says "Careful...they don't like anyone"
OMG the Joy on his face just made my day.   Thank you!
First time I went to a friend's house they kept warning me about thei little dog Penut, and that he bites everyone. I walked in, Penut checked me out, then he ran away. My friend thought he was scared of me. Penut came back with his favorite toy to play with me. Their family looked at me like the Chosen One. It was pretty epic. lol
FYI that’s Jacob Balaton from the most recent Spider-Man series
Awwww that is so sweet poor guy look like that was the first time somebody picked him over everything else.  Thank you for putting this up.
Is that Ned from Spiderman?
me when I get a match on bumble
The dog is just like "This guy looks like he has food."
Cause he looks like a recliner
I would like to become a mod just so I can perma-ban everyone that makes racist "He's gonna eat it, har har" comments in r/aww.
Best thing I’ve seen on this eve of war.
Geez, try to act like you've been there before       

Pet the damn dog
lol it's like he's never seen a dog before
Dog picked him because he resembles a bean bag chair lol
Dude looks he's 53 but actually he's 23.
Is this Peter Parker's best friend from Homecoming?
The pure bliss on his face is so precious
when you go to the party and the dogs comes right up to you
Awwww that’s pure ❤️
Very sweet, he’s so happy he was chosen!
What can I say, bitches love the guy in the chair #spiderman
https://youtu.be/rtpp7xiJzZk
The dog may not have noticed, but he just made that guy’s day.
Is it possible to learn this power?
I have no doubt that this guy is a great person
Ok but his face it’s the most wholesome thing I’ve seem, that pure amazement and joy
Yh cos he’s a big fluffy pillow ain’t he
I love this, quick question, why is he bald? Just asking
His reaction is cuter then the dog
anyone have the source i wanna see the full video
Jujj
This hits me hard in the feels. Aw
Gentle giant is gentle and awesome!
We're at a stage of deprivation of love that even an accidental affection melts our heart. It's like winning a lottery for us. We've changed.
Why is Spider-Man’s sidekick sitting on the floor?
Ok, this is allowed to be reposted as many times as necessary.
This is blessed.
Is that the friend from Spider-Man?
Is that Spider-Man’s buddy all grown up?
When did Spiderman's best friend, Ned, loose his hair and get glasses?
Is that the dude from Spider-Man?
Ned looks so weird bald.
And I thought the dog was cute. His reaction is equally as adorable. And that is one dangerously cute dog!
His Expression is Pure Wholesomeness. This Expression is Gold. Also that would be my Expression in this case
i am genuinely happy for the guy
Actual footage of me with any baby animal
that guy looks like a fucking nonce
That was just so wholesome.
I find this wholesome
Buddha
Who doesn't love ned
They say that dogs choose their owners. My brother's dog "chose" him as a puppy by running up to him and biting him.
So cute
The ultimate achievement!!
Is this the moment a non-dog person became a dog person?
I'm glad someone knows the proper way to react when blessed by a doggo's presence.
ned upgraded from being the guy in the chair to being the actual chair
Dog : "That big guy over here clearly eats well, I'll be well looked after by him"
Asian E-40?
Once I went to Subway and was about to get out of the car when a puppy ran into my car, onto my lap, licked my face, and ran back out. Maybe the single greatest moment of my life.
The Dog chooses the owner, Mr Potter.
Is that Ned from Spider-Man?
When the house owner's dog sits with you at a party
Never have I seen joy as pure as that man's.
Look at the dogs face, this good girl knew how special she was.
I don't need to know the context, this is super adorable!
He look like ned from spider man far from homecoming
He’s so happy!
Why does this guy look familiar?
The sheer joy of this guy is something else.
I love that choco puff of a man.
This genuine happiness. I want more of this and I want it now.
The Budda accepts being chosen
Will never not updoot
This clip is honestly so  contagious
This is what are heart always looks like when we are chosen.
Really something from a Maltese...
These dog breeds look like they have been on crack for 2 years
This is how I feel whenever a dog approaches me in public.
Is this Ned in real life?
Had something similar happen when I went to pick out a puppy almost 13 years ago, I was sitting in the floor trying to get one of the six puppies to come to me. I’d grab one, but pretty soon it was off with the others. Then one broke away from the rest, crawled into my lap and went to sleep. He chose me and I brought him home. One of the best little guys I’ve ever had.
Is that Ned?
Now that’s wholesome
My friend has a little yorkie who is absolutely terrified of everything and everyone. But when I went over to her house, I was sitting on the floor, talking to my friend when the dog came over and sat right next to me. He actually let me pet him and stayed by my side for quite a while, which he never does with strangers. I was so happy.
Aww this is adorable
Is that the dude from spiderman?
This is how I adopted all my cats! I go into every room, and take home the cat that chooses me as their human. Works really well so far, and we have quite an interesting mix of personalities!
1000th comment!
One time I was walking on a trail around a lake with my headphones in, I felt something touch my hand and freaked out for a second but then I looked down and this chocolate lab was smiling at me. I took my headphones out and could hear his people calling for him but he wanted to hang out with me, I just called back "We're over here!" and gave him pets until they caught up. I felt loved.
It’s because he looks soft as a pillow
This is the appropriate reaction.
Some people adopt dogs but some are adopted by dogs.
He looks like one of those old school [McNugget happy meal toys from back in the day](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/64/53/ca/6453ca0afd57bf48bbd02dc1eca3b27b.jpg)
I don't get it. How did these things descend from wolves?
Isn't he delightful
Is it possible to learn this power?
This is pretty much exactly how we got our first Dog. We were scheduled to see a handful of dogs for adoption and I was pretty damned determined that we would follow a process and not rush into anything.   


First appointment we had and she just walked in and made herself comfortable on my lap...and that was it. I just melted and signed the paperwork while trying not to wake her up.
this exactly how I feel when an animal I don’t know chooses me. like y’all know when you’re walking and a dog pulls on it’s leash trying to say hello? that shit feels like ecstasy
Dog: "I see Buda I sit with him"
the best feeling in this physical hellscape
Is that the guy from Spiderman?  

# Jacob Batalon?
He’s so gentle to him; good on that man.
Every time I see this, it makes me smile from ear to ear. So wholesome!!
This is one of the sweetest things I’ve ever seen. Thank you for sharing!
I had a dog run right over to me and act so affectionately that his owner was a little jealous and asked me, a little indignantly, 'Do you KNOW him??'. Like maybe he'd been cheating on her with me 😄
Isn’t this how they determine if someone has cancer
Except it’s one of those cancer sniffing dogs.
Awww. He’s so happy.
This looks like winning the puppy love lottery!
I'm more sad that this dude has whatever going on with him that he does. Clearly needs a big bear hug.
Why does he look like Peter Parker’s friend in the new Spider-Man movies
Holly shit usually people that get in movies lose weight to try and get more roles but this dude just keeps gaining weight with every movie
I’m sure the dog chose him because he just KNEW he had food on him.
That smile he had looked somewhat nefarious
“ Like a big pillow” - Dog
Human: omg the doggy choose me! this is so cute! I'll love you forever! <3

Dog: this guy looks the biggest hell probably have food..
He looks like he didn’t ever expect the little fluff ball to grace him with love.
I'm not crying, *you're* crying
He's so happy it's amazing
Awww, Russell from "Up" finally got his own dug!
One of my dogs is a therapy dog, she's literally makes people cry by doing stuff like this.
I wish there was more to the story. What is going on here?
This is the sweetest!
Where is this from?
I cried when my cat did that.
For he is the kwisatz haderach!!!
sooooo cute!
The dog's grin
is that a kiddo Wilson fisk?
Coming into 2020 like
*secret life of pets 2*
I’m so jealous of this man.
Anakin you were the chosen one!
*GASP* "The prophecies were true!!!"
This is the only appropriate reaction to have when you're chosen by an animal.
That is me when our cats or dog comes to me when my husband call them to him.
Had this happen to me while I waited for my wife to get her nails done at a nail salon. They had a Shih Tzu in there who decided to walk across the room, hop on the chair next to mine and lay its head on my lap. Such a good feeling.
I was the one who upvoted this from 6.8K to 6.9K. I am the future maker for this post😈
I was exactly like that in a cat cafe in Nottingham where the 'top cat' sauntered up to me and voluntarily sat on my lap.
His face is so priceless.
Up there with the time Po was chosen as the Dragon Warrior. #KungFuPanda
"I will hug him and squeeze him and call him George."
Source?
That’s the guy who plays Ned from the new Spider-Man
So we are awwing at the dude right?
Sorry but I thought the dog was peeing on him
Yes.
My 60lbs Australien Shepherd does the same thing all the time
I don’t think he knows he isn’t a lap dog
ok, you made me tear up again!!!!
The softest one
What is this from that the guy has that reaction? Sort of looks like an event of some kind.
Aww..so cute
He looks like shigechi
Wow. Bald Ned.  I know he’s shaved headed IRL.  Still jarring. But ‘tis a cute moment.
Source:  [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31EF12P7AO0](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31EF12P7AO0)
Made his fucking day.
Omg is that Parker’s mate from Spider-Man? What’s happened to him??
His face is priceless!!!
That dog was trained right.
Ned, is that you?
Is that Stavros Halkias?
That’s great his face is priceless
That's me internally any time a dog comes towards me.
Okay that's the cutest thing ever
Budda is the chosen one.  I knew it.
A match made in Heaven
Awww I want to hug both.
Jacob is so pure
The Doge in the Chair
Good for him
Who else clicked the sound button and felt like a fool?
The feeling is the truth
And now it is I who has the warm fuzzy
I love him
Is he the guy from the Tom Holland spider-man movies
The kid from up is all grown up. Nice he still loves Dogs.
The guy in the chair < The guy is the chair
My drunk ass at a party when I find out the host has a dog
I mean this in the nicest way possible, maybe the dog thought he was a sofa
Um because they shave there head
And there is no need for name calling mr
Jokes on him, that's a cancer detection dog.
Lil angles
You chose wisely, dog.
Jacob is such a darling haha
Guy in the chair becomes chair himself
This is cute and all but I would have to choose Tom Holland's lap.
He has the largest surface area which means that the dog has a higher percentage of picking him than any other person in that room *big brain*
i love how his face is carrying so much excitement
He is so honored!
Dr. Eggman is much more approachable without the mustache.
So adorable
Шо
I mean, he does look the comfiest to chill on.
I’m an idiot I just posted the title of this post.
Hmmm... My 80 lbs Doberman does the same thing, but the reaction is definitely different...
Me every time I go to my friends house that has like 5 cats and for some reason the 4 cats that actually socialize all choose me and not the 15 other people in the room.
I wish my wife love dogs. and she doesn't love either
Spiderman's best friend just got a new best friend.
I can't be the only one thinking he looks like The Kingpin.
Reminds me of that Emerson quote: "to win the respect of the intelligent people and the affection of children", except with dogs. The kind regard of animals is a thing worth having, and Jacob knows it.
The guy is the chair
r/mademesmile
Delivery by Dogdash
Amazing....love at first sight 😊
Guy: I’m the chosen one... OMG OMG OMG

Dog: This is the biggest bed I can find ...
Every dog needs a guy in the chair
Smart puppy knows difference between office chair and massage chair
CHOSEN ONE!
r/mademesmile
Props thought it was the couch
My reaction everyday when my dog gets into my lap.
Stav?
Is he that dog's guy in the chair now?
Is he high?
holy shit! aunt May's dog from spiderman and his amazing friends confirmed for sequel!
I love that he’s petting her vest
I think the dog was just looking for high ground
SOMEONE GET THAT MAN A PET!!!!!
His name is Snowball, and he has chosen his human to save before the hostile takeover
Buddha discovers enlightenment. 380 BC
Is that guy "okay?"
This made me entire day
That has to be Jacob Batalon.  I googled "Ned Spiderman actor" and a bunch of photos of him showed up all bald.
It’s the same expression you make when the most popular girl in college comes and sits on you.
This is the face our friend made when our cat gave him attentions. But hed never really interacted with pets before. So when he pet her, he pet her wrong! He pushed her hair backwards, she was like yeah nope bye.
Yes. Thank you.
This is too precious for this cruel world
u/vredditshare
Look at Tom in his Amuro Ray cosplay.
And THAT is how you end up going home with a dog even though you never intended to own one.
That would be me
It's actually David Moyes
I would choose the cute version of King Africa too.
Jacob Bataon is slowly turning into Kingpin...
This is the Spider Man guy right?
Wait, this guy is actually bald?
/u/vredditdownload
Am I the only one who tried to click on the volume button?
Beautiful man
He looks like someone just told him he's the new Dalai Lama.
I don't get it. Was it a cat before?
Is that Ned?
Looks like Jacob Batalon. He played Peter Parker’s best friend in Spider-Man homecoming.
Man he put on some weight since the last spiderman movie!
If everybody could be just like a dog and didn’t judge anybody..
You Seem Chill
I do this same thing when my cat comes to see me. Then I don't move until she does for fear I might discomfort her
Ed is a sitting buddha.
It's kind of like an ICP show. But different.
Animals can sense good aura.
The guy is the chair
Having an animal choose you like this is what I imagine doing heroin for the first time feels like.
It's that Ned Leeds from spider-man movies? It looks like him, and the other guy looks like Tom Holland
I’m one of those horrible people who hate pets but this is still mad cute
Now this is  E P I C
This is one video that I'm 110% okay with being reposted often
"this guy looks like he gives good pets" sits
That's how it be doe
He looks like ned from spooder man but in thiccc
Any context?
ShihTzus on the front page two day in a row??!! I LOVE it!!
That dog was like "You smell like snacks. I bet this guy has snacks"
That’s it. He can never move.
Is that peters buddy in spiderman?
"This guy knows where all the food is"
When the guy in the chair becomes the chair
Eggman and dog
Pure wholesomeness
He's such a sweet guy in general
aw
it was prophesied that, mr. jingles would choose the next Buddha
Isn’t that the actor for “Ned” in Spiderman?
I want this guy to be my best friend
I needed this.
sweet
Oww so cute ahah
Toomad or twomad?
hes such a mood thou smh
This makes me want to cry.  Thanks hormones.
Fat bald Timothy DeLaGhetto
Baldy, I choose you!
Dogs who like and trust you, turn their backs toward you. It can be kind of annoying when you just want to see their face and kiss them.
I clicked the volume button in the video...
That’s beautiful!!!
I wish I knew where this was from cuz I love it.
Cute
His reaction is priceless!
Anyone else try to unmute the video like insta
This is how we came home with 2 dogs instead of one when I was a kid.

We were at the breeder and while I was picking my puppy out one of the other puppies crawled up into my dad's lap and went to sleep.

Those were some great dogs.
What is this from?
This guy is an absolute dear.
That man understands the gravity of what has just happened to him and is very appreciative
Did anyone else think the dog was taking a dump on him for a second?
The way he pets the dog is adorable
Is that a smile or a grin on a dogs face in last 2 seconds? :D
People Be Like?
my maltipoo chose me
Imagine the dog got on his knee and shit on him and the just walked away
That smile at the eeeend! omg! I love this! Thank you for sharing! <3
Was this a divorce proceeding where they decide who gets the dog?
What is this from ?
Nardole finally gets love
Idk why but I hate this guy
The Lucky One*
I didn't recognize him until I saw tom Holland..
That is so sweet! 🙄
Why isn't one talking about the dog's grin?? Soooo cute
Pure joy to be the chosen one! Truly a heartwarming moment!
Whats with his bald head
First real smile for me in a long time, thanks
He just made a forever friend.
The mad man did it. And give updates!
Dogs lil face looks so smug
Why is he so surprised
The look on his face is the purest thing
This is so true hahah♡ When an animal chooses you to spend time on your lap.. its like.. nervana♡
😍 That dogs face.. Gorgeous.
Bless
Animals knows they sense that we may need there therapy 🙂🙂 my german shepherd will come and plop on me on the bed along with my kitties. They got me through alot along with my family. 🙂
That's the feeling.
CEO of sex?????????
I was flying from alabama to san Antonio. It was very stressful, because my dog had severely broken her leg while I was gone (requiring amputation), and my boyfriend had bought a new flight for me to get home quickly. Landed in dallas to change planes. Get on the little transport thing that goes around the airport from terminal to terminal. Lady had her service dog with her. The dog sat on my feet and leaned on me. She tried to apologize for it, but it's like the dog knew I was stressed and gave me some love to help with the stress. I really needed that that day. My dog recovered and is doing great.
He looks comfy
Now I want to hug him..
Awwwwwwwwwww so cute
Adorable.
u/VredditDownloader
r/bigasianswithdogs
/u/vredditshare
The only time this happened to me was at school when we were raising chicks. One hopped onto my foot, took a dump on my shoe, and ran away
/u/vredditdownloader
One of the only things that has made me smile all week; thank you for posting.!
So wholesome ❤️
#blessed
The careful pets are melting my heart
I still love this post though so don't harass me please
Plot twist: He will become the new kingpin
Ngl I made the same face as them when I saw this,
“YO BITCH CHOSE ME”
Princess hears a noise
Pog
This was a nice break from wwiii memes
When my girlfriend asked me out
And so Baron Von Greenback was born....
Tend them damn rabbits.
Anakin approves
this is adorable
Yes, you human. You may give me live now. So cute
Likeliest person to feed me hooman fewd
u/vredditdownloader
“Dad can we have this one”

“I don’t know why you want a bald one but sure”
His face for a sec screamed "MY PRECIOUS!"
Is that Spiderman's best friend
So glad Fry managed to reunite with Seymour
This looks like Tom Holland and the guy who played Ned.
u/vredditdownloader
Dogs>cats
Is this Tom Holland and the guy who plays Ned in a bald cap, or am I losing my mind?


I just googled Jacob Batalon, the guy who plays Ned and he is in fact, bald.
Jacob Batalon?
Is that Peter Parker’s beet friend from Spider-Man?
Everyone needs a man in the chair.
You are the chosen one, o young padawan
I love this gif.
omg that sly grin... that pooch knows exactly what it's doing
This is exactly how I met my dog, he came from a shelter and rocketed up the stairs right into my lap :)
He really just went :000
I can't tell whos cuter the guy or the dog.
This is me when a girl finally comes on to me for a change ...
Me
He just looks the most like a bean bag
this is why wholesome is the best version of memes
Is that Ned from Spider-Man?
That's the next Dahli Llama?
What’s this from? I know that’s Ned (forgot the actors name) and next to him is Tom.
It's the Buddha
what is the story behind this?
I swear to god if someone does something bad to this angel in the third movie, I'm grabbing a super soaker and showing up on the director's porch. Ned is the best character.
Source?
Yoooo, This dude has never pet a dog in his life before this.
HE IS THE MESSIAH!
What is this clip from?
Fucking hell that looked like he had food in his hand xD but of course not, soo cute ❤️😊😍
It just goes to show how intelligent dogs really are.
That happened to me today. Been going through a really rough time job- and money-wise and was sitting on the couch this morning just... dissasociating for a bit. My dad's cat Dora (short for Luchadora), who only lies with him or my stepmom, just jumped up, went pprrtt as she walked on my legs, and popped a squat for almost 10 minutes. Had this cat for 5 years now and this was the FIRST time she did this.

I definitely needed it :)
I've seen this a few times now today. Love it every time. One of my faves I think.
YESSS I LOVE JACOB! ♡
No
He looks like thicc Tyler the Creator
I’ve had two stray dogs come up to me while I was checking the mail and there was a dog that came into my job once.. owner was nowhere to be found and he kept trying to follow me everywhere, everyone was shocked that I wasn’t scared to handle him and I’m like I have two of my own, he seems to trust me and I trust him besides he only wants some pets
Well yeah.  What dog isn't going to pick the largest pillow to lay on?
Lol his face
This happened to me with dolphins at a "swim with dolphins" tourist spot I went to years ago in Bermuda. The dolphins kept coming back to me, doing spins in front of me, letting me pat them. The "dolphin wranglers" kept trying to get the dolphins to go to other people but the dolphins wouldn't have it. Only I, (apparently) Neptune God of the Seas, would do.
So adorable :)
The buddha incarnate
That guy’s way cuter than the dog
The prophecy is true
That's how I feel when cats that are not giving a shit about anyone else come to me to get cuddles and scratches. I feel you buddies, you know I love you all small assholes
This makes me so happy!! 💕
and a new reaction GIF was born.
The comfy one
I smiled at this in the bus at 2 o clock in the morning. I think everyone thinks I'm crazy.
Dogs know who they can trust.
What's the back story of this video?
The look of pure joy on the guys face is amazing to see.
Yes, yes, you will do. You are worthy of the floof.
He looks like Spiderman's sidekick Ned.
Ned :)
Omg! i love when pets do that! ooh! such a blessed feeling
Dog probably thought it was buddha
What is this from?
That is nothing but pure joy
I mean, I don't blame the dog, that guy looks very friendly, he would probably be a good dog owner.
He has no idea what to even do with himself. XD
Is...is that...Ned??
"there must be food where this guy lives"
Now we know why buddha is so happy
And I didn't even graduate from Fu@€ing highschool.
I've seen a therapy dog go lay at the feet of people in a group session who seemed to be struggling the most.  It's beautiful how intuitive animals are.
This is very cute but I'm more focused on the glimpse of Tom Holland
This Made me so happy
Can you summon an army of puppers with your mind?
“human.exe” has stopped responding.
that was me when I first got my doggo :)
This is so adorable.
Is that spiderman sitting next to him?
Oh yeah! Its his highschool friend. Did not reconize him. Thx
My favorite part is him petting it super gently
“This one boss! He has the drugs. Now give me a treat!”
Best feeling ever!
I want to give that sweet guy in the red jacket a hug.
I adopted a dog I've known since it was a pup. 

She's 10 now and I swear that she missed her calling as a therapy dog.

She is a Rothweiller retriever mix so she's not small but she will pick a random person and drop her head in their lap and not move.

I think that she's gathered that humans enjoy petting dogs so her way of helping is taking pets and she loves to help.

I honestly think she has some kind of sixth sense that my Malinois doesn't have because people constantly fall in love with her but would likely run from my Malinois.
Its because he's a cancer patient.
Animals are the best and I love them all, even spiders and snakes. I actually raised a black widow for 1.5 years, best pet I ever had.
With great power, comes great responsibility
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31EF12P7AO0
Anyone know why he chooses to be bald?
The dog has a similar looking beanbag at home, it was the obvious choice
Something strange happened to me while in Cuba. We were in Vinales at a terrase having a mohito with my partner. There was a few dogs hanging around, Cuba is full of those feral dogs, you can hear them tearing each other appart at night but during the day there seem to be a truce. One of them locked eyes with me and, out of the blue, came to me and put her head on my lap. She was covered with scars, some very fresh. As I mentionned, the dogs there are quite feral and look really rough, but she came so gently that I didn't felt treatened. I started petting her on the nose avoiding touching the wounds, there was not much room so I ran my fingers along and in between on her head. She closed her eyes and did not move, seeming to relax. An other dog arrived, she then removed her head and lay at my feet. the other dog put his head on my lap so I started petting that one... I ended up that afternoon with 4 dogs sleeping at my feet in a bubble of truce and peace. The locals were staring, apparently dumfounded. to me it felt like a small miracle. I will always remember that day. To come back to this video, the dog there is turning his back on the man, no eye contact, and seem to be just doing his job. Obviously the guy does not see it this way and his reaction is adorable.
Where do I know this guy from
that’s spider-man’s best friend or his doppelgänger
dog chooses the one with most food intake huehehuehuehue
This is like the opposite of the lady pointing and screaming at the cat meme
Is anyone else cracking up at the expression on the dog's face. She's so happy and proud.
Everyone go on netflix and watch secret life of pets 2 then come back and read the title
Look at the dog smiling! Wow!
He shook
My cat stuck his tongue out in a v shape and he looked so cute
At night I lay down with my dog by the fire place and give him belly rubs
I go get my hair done at a place that charges a stupid amount of money so I can spend time with the cat that works there. He can sit any place he damn well pleases, but he always picks my lap.
I've never seen Caillou so happy
Look how excited that guy is! Nothing but wholesome!
I adopted my boy after he sat on my lap with me at a pet store while my family was doing their thing. Begged them to keep him. And then we kept his sister as well. Lilo and Stitch are our babes.
He cannot comprehend the power that sits in his lap
Can't tell which is cuter; the dog, or the guy's reaction.
Dude, same.
I have 2 unbelievably cute poms and they are dumb as stumps and know nothing.
I work at a boarding kennel and this is legit a daily occurrence. Best. Job. Ever.
*dog takes a fat shit
I swear dogs just know! Moments like this will remain with you forever.
I had no idea who this was at first..
Does anyone know what this clip is from?
Oh that dear little face!!
YES THEY ARE AWESOME.

I also had this honor given upon me a few times. Some with dogs but especially with cats. My mom rescued a lost kitten which was chased by a dog and she wouldn't stop crying her meow meow sound.

When I came home and sat down the chair, she ran to me and tried to climb up. I was already in awe and picked her up. She napped on my lap and would start crying if she thought I was going to put her somewhere else.

The nuzzling continued as she refused to sleep alone, protesting with that little sound of hers. I had to hold her and let her slept with me on my bed. She was either on top of me on cuddling in my side the whole night. Best Night Ever.

We gave her to our relatives since my mom runs a small food production. She grew up majestically and is absolutely a beauty. I think I understand what feeling it is to be a parent.
He is her special person!!
When I go to the vet dogs always come up to me and either jump (small ones) or nose me in various places. I always bend down and say hi, but pretty much never acknowledge the owner. The owner doesn't say anything or apparently think this odd.
This give me all the feels! All the happy memories of those feels! Thanks for making thousands of peoples hearts happier!
XD
him: :0
the dog: :>
It does feel very special and extraordinary when a pet hasn't ever sat on your lap and a dog comes and literally sits with you. *On you*
Nothing gives you the enormous satisfaction quite like an animal who loves you after their owner says "Careful...they don't like anyone"
I am fan of this dog, such he is really cuteeeeee
You know animals are amazing at reading body language an facial expression. Too bad people can’t do the same.
Plot twist: It is a cancer sniffing dog :-/.
It's Jacob Batalon, Peter Parker's friend !
Simple architectural design. Find a solid foundation.
Such a pretty dog! Anyone know this breed?
[removed]
The search for the reincarnated Dalai Lama has just ended
She thought he was a sofa
Looks to me like the dog just chose the sturdiest platform.
His face :o
I love how much he couldn't handle that
React harder next time
He looks like the clown from Spawn
Someone gave this person gold for this repost? Like not even a change to the post...
Has this potato never seen a dog before?
Dog probably thought hes a sofa
Why is he bald
Your face when dinner comes to you 😂
"my meal came to me?!? :O"
[deleted]
“Not all fat people are jolly, some of them are women”. -
The Dalai Lama really let himself go.
[removed]
I didn’t know Ned went through Chemo
Have you ever heard the story of the dog and the Buddhist monk? I thought not, it's not a story the jedi would tell you
Wasnt there a video where this dude meets his doppelgänger? Or was it 2 doppelgängers of him and he wasnt in the video?  
Nevertheless they looked exactly like him.

&#x200B;

ANd to be honest: The dude in the loading screen of GTA2 ( I believe it was a zaibatsu boss ) looks like him, too.

I think the storm troopers start invading the earth
Uh, no. Kenny's a therapy dog. He apparently thinks you're in some kind of emotional crisis.
and he could've kept the dog too if he hadn't said "m'lady."
Why does he out his hands over his mouth like that?
Fuckin fan girls, why am I at negative 8 it was an honest question lol
I thought from his reaction that it shat on him
[deleted]
That is one of the best things about being a little chubby.
People with Down’s syndrome always seem so happy
[deleted]
Dog's are the best judges of character, I have two very different dog's one's a bit silly and playful but very soft and friendly and one is getting old now quite grumpy and shy. If both my dog's go over to someone like in this video and sit  with them to be petted I tend to like the person as well even if they're a total stranger.
