Love it. Especially how they all turned up and were so polite waiting their turn.
3rd dog was like it's okay you dropped mine on the floor, but finger fed billy,. I love you anyway
The gangs great. Can’t wait for them to start there own detective agency.
This is what my animals all do when they hear the shredded cheese open.
Omg, each of your animals represents a character from “Its Always Sunny in Philadelphia”.
[removed]
*Diarrhoea gang*
i wish i had a house big enough for five pets
The cat eating it is the best 🥰
This made me so happy. I love their little anticipation noms
Everyone looks pretty healthily excited and sweet about this treat- everyone that is, EXCEPT the CAT. He is a clear addict and cannot be trusted alone in the kitchen.
Should they eat whipped cream ?
This sparks joy
Did this with my first cat, not everyday, but often enough.  She got a serious cavity and had to have a fang removed.  Don't give sugar to your pets, no matter how much they beg.
In order. 

Dennis
Dee
Mac
Charlie
Frank
You have 2 dogs? Nice-

You have three?! 

Oh fou- 

FIVE!!!  TOO. CUTE.
While watching this video I caught myself stick out my tongue when the cream looked like it was gonna fall. lol
Dream home with doggos and kitties ❤️
Nice but maybe dont do it too often
Your technique tells me this isn’t your first rodeo
Legit don't know.

Is whip cream safe for cats and dogs?
I was expecting a bird to fly in, a raccoon to come out the trash, penguin slide from the fridge, Iguana out of the toilet, 

*sad Ace Ventura noises*
Next time you have an innocent visitor, ask them to use the whipped cream. They're gonna be in for a big surprise :D
That’s probs extremely bad for pets.
The cat is my favorite!
why would you give unhealthy food to your pets?
Aww best gang ever!! My own dogs do this when they know I’m making hot chocolate
How come some people have all the animals and I have no animals
Next episode, the gang gets diarrhea.
Stop feading sweet shit to your pets
That's cute and all but dont give adult animals dairy.
My cat would freaked out after hearing the hissing of that can lol
I can smell this house
I’m gonna go do this right now! Although o hated how thy little one licked the tip ewwww
My dog got diarrhea from whipped cream :(
i don’t get how the floors are so clean. Do you mop 
 every day? 🤷‍♀️
Gave our cat whip cream once on thanksgiving.. now every time we eat, she silently stares at us, always waiting..
I love that cats tiny mouf
Oh my ... too many!
It’s funny how our spoiled pets learn the sound of a whipped cream can. 😆
Are you spraying whipped cream on soup?
Anyone else find this gross rather than aww?
The fact that an animal that walks on its toilet and roams around on your counter tops repulses me.
Milk/cream is incredibly bad for cats.  Don't give it to them.
Cats are special aliens. How can it be so sweet? 😍
Stealing u/scootcooties comment from farther down...

 >I'm a vet. Pelase don't feed sugar to your dogs and carts. They need sugar in the form of carbs, not processed sugar.

Do a [quick google search](https://www.google.com/search?source=hp&ei=hXQQXrfEGIaWlwSi0biYCA&q=why+dogs+shouldn%27t+eat+sugar&oq=why+dogs+shouldn%27t+eat+sugar&gs_l=psy-ab.3..0j0i22i10i30l2.919.4260..4380...0.0..0.87.) and see for yourself people.

>[Basically, dogs need sugar in the form of carbohydrates](https://www.healthypawspetinsurance.com/blog/2018/05/21/can-dogs-eat-sugar) just like humans, but do not feed your dog sugar, and try to avoid sweets.

>Natural sugar from fruit, called fructose, is safe for your dog (please note, however, that not all fruits are safe; grapes are toxic). Granulated and processed sugars on the other hand, are not healthy for your dog, whether that is in the form of a cube or a cookie. Dogs that eat a sugar are at risk for cavities, weight gain, metabolic conditions, liver issues, and diabetes. Each condition comes tethered to a host of other issues – excess weight can lead to arthritis, cavities can lead to painful oral infections, and diabetes can lead to heart complications. So, it is probably best to skip the sugar!

>Milk and milk-based products can cause diarrhea and other digestive problems for your pup. They can also trigger food allergies, which can cause her to itch. and milk based products like whipped cread contain a lot of processed sugar.


>“Dogs need sugar of some sort. They need carbohydrates [which are broken down into sugar or glucose by the body] to live and operate. We just don’t need to be giving them candy since there’s no real added value.

It's alright not knowing things, but now you know, and if you don't believe me please do a quick Google search.


These animals are cute and lovely, but can please raise awareness how bad is sugar for animals? It's ok if some people weren't aware, but it's science, sugar makes animals sick. Now you know, please don't encourage feeding this shit to any animals, this video would be just as adorable if the owner gave them a healthy treat.
Great and shit but stop giving sugar to animals
Crazy how people can want so many animals .
The Gang Gets Cavities
Is this safe for cats? I was under the assumption they they are lactose intolerant. Awesome video still just curious.
Mobbin
How do I access heaven?
There must be some mistake. Isn't the resident dog nutritionist here to say that whipped cream can cause brain cancer?
u/VredditDownloader
Cat on the counter is an absolute no-go
Oh how adorable!! Cuddles must be so great with that gang!
That's the most unhealthy thing you can do to your pets
Omg how unhealthy for All your animals!
How do you keep your house clean of pet hair?
How do you keep up with all that shedded hair? If I skip a day of brushing or vacuuming with just one Golden it’s like I might as well never done it in the first place.
Isn't chocolate poisonous to animals

[Edit] nevermind i didn't see the whole video

Very cute tho
YUUUM
‘It’s day was made by Glacial Gang™
That’s quite the menagerie you’ve got there
So many dogos i love it!!!!!
Holy Noah’s Ark, Batman
Life is good
The cat. Omg.
The gang gets whipped cream.

[Temptation sensation starts playing]
When you open a pack of gum in school
That’s hilarious
Man creams entire party
You live in a zoo.
Okay, how do people afford so many pets?
Are they allowed?
My dog loves when I go to Starbucks. He knows he gets a pup cup. Plus they are free.
It's nice that you share with them.  It's a nice little treat for them.
Sounds like an episode of " Always Sunny in Philadelphia "
Don’t forget you can get free “pup cups” at Starbucks for your little buddies!
That's like me, but with my kids.
I didn't pay attention to what sub this was, I thought the first cup contained soup or something savory because I saw chunks of something (now I see it's got chocolate with the tiny marshmallow. I'm colorblind), and OP was going to prank his buddies by letting them think it's hot chocolate when it's not.
The cat?? My cats won't touch anything that's not cat food - unless it's ham. That's about it. Interesting.
Thanks, my heart just melted a little
Whip your animals into shape!
Best part is that this has no sound. Bacause you can still hear the phiiisssssshhhhhhhhhh from that tube!
OMG, I love it!!!!! You are one of the best furry parents of so many furry children!!!!
This is my morning routine with me puppers! All 3 sit around me and wait. As soon as I start the coffee maker they come running.
This, this was the post that made me join this subreddit
That’s the cutest cat I’ve ever seen
Omg, even the cat!
sick gang u got there
I was hoping the cat would just get a mound of whipped cream piled on his face
u/vredditdownloader
I think whipped cream is gross but this is so cute
i used to be addicted to nitrous too!
Who else was waiting for IASIP text?  Just me?
Your technique is flawed. Your supposed to get the nozzle into their mouths so it expands. Comedy ensues.
I love this sharing!
Sounds like a title of a Always Sunny episode.
So sweet and adorable!!!!
Our cat Ponyboy,  who's no longer with us,  loved bread, tortilla chips and potato chips.  He demanded you share if you sat down with any.
Holy shit you have a lot of animals I wanna be you someday
I want a gang like this
She’s done that before
Our cat LOVES whipped cream. Has loved it since he was a kitten. We call him by imitating the sound of the whipped cream can (psshhhht!)  He's 12 now and his belly can't handle it anymore so we can't give it to him.
Having the cat there remind me of Beasts of Burden.
In my home too, they hear the sound and they know they going to get some.
I need an it’s always sunny in Philadelphia  intro for this.
Lol I love it! Our dog knows the sound of the peanut butter jar opening & always comes running
"Everybody eats."
This home seems fun!
Easiest way to get my dogs to come running is getting the whipped cream outta the fridge.
Why are there little floaty bits in the first cup? 🤢🤮
Honey, why don't we ever have any whipped cream?!  Also why do the animals turn up like beggars when they smell got chocolate??
can i have some
Is that a house or is that heaven
First time pet owner here. Are whip creme safe for dogs? Like how much do you give them? Can you give them regularly?
Thats it, i have to make pancakes now !
I want to live with you. Need a roommate?
I love it!
What kind of dog is that very last one to be fed?
You get whipped cream! You get whipped cream! EVERYONE GETS WHIPPED CREAM
Cats are lactose intolerant.
Poor kitty bum.
I was waiting for the Sunny theme to kick in.
AVDURU!
this will literally be me when i move out and live on my own i will work all day then come home to my 5 children my golden doodle  my Burmese water dog my cat my  bichon friser
I do the same with my dog. He hears me spray it for myself and will appear in just seconds to get a treat too.
I didn’t think the cat would go for it
That is maximum level spoiled! I can sympathize. My husband can’t eat string cheese without having to give a piece to our cat. He’s also turned her on to McDonald’s French fries,

She also demands I share Goldfish crackers, mashed potatoes, or macaroni.

And twice a day, she requires ice cubes (2 minimum) in her water bowl or we hear about it!
Okay but like that's a nice kitchen
Omg that's so adorable
Gang gang
This can never happen without [these sound effects](https://youtu.be/RrntYPLEvPA?t=12s) playing in my head every time now.
Could be a title for an IASIP episode lol
u/apetitmal
Prepare for dog farts
So dang cute!
Going to dentist feeling alot better about it now
SO MUCH CUTENESS!!!! SYSTEM OVERLOAD!!

SHUTttinngg...... down.....
Can you imagine how much insulin will cost for five animals?

It wasn't cheap when my mom's cat was on it the last 8 years of his diabetic little life.
Gang wants whipits
The gang is gonna have the runs.
Thank you for making my day
My dog loves whipped cream but she's scared of the sound it makes
Gang gang
Jesus do people really use that much whip cream?  It was like half the glass.
Favorite Always Sunny episode
Soo many animals, and they are all so polite!
This is the kind of content were all here for.
You forgot your turn.
Sugar: the language of all species.
Okay, only some species.
i love how he made sure their tongues didn’t touch the can, we love a hygienic king
Omg. This is like my house. You have to share anything you eat.

I seem to remember buying Cheeze Whiz in a can one time and teaching everyone how to wheeze the cheeze.
Are you sure you're not a Disney princess?
I'm going to try that on one of my cats
It's so bad for the animals but, so good for my soul.
I think a cat should be allowed to have a little whipped creme
Requesting invite to gang.
Me next!
We buy whipped cream in multiples for this exact purpose.
Pretty funny post with them cute pups and kitty
That gave me Christmas vibes but then I remembered that Christmas is over
Is that safe for them to eat?
Mmm good ol fahsioned pipeline to animal dia-bet-us
Andrew Yang at home.
It hurts :()
The Whip cream gang
Yo man I heard you got some of that sweet stuff
Animals on the kitchen counter........gross
Farts and possible diarrhea in our house if we did that! The cat would def barf it up too.
Oh yay! Sugar for the dogs! Perfect idea!
did u just mention cream? is that a jojo reference?
Everyone here shitting on giving whipped cream to pets but I’m the elitist saying you should make your own whipped cream... powdered sugar and heavy whipping cream, and beat it with a whisk or mixer. So so so much better than that canned shit
The way the cat gets a smaller bit cos their smol... PRECIOUS!
Thought it was going to be some kind of Always Sunny gif.
Are you kidding me? My dog is terrified of the whipped cream bottle and the noise it makes. I have to squirt it on my finger and even then he might not want it smh
Weirdest episode of It's Always Sunny I've ever seen
The one of their tongues touches it, so you decide to establish it as “the dog can”.  

Then you need some “not-dogified whipped cream”, so you buy another.  

And pretty soon it becomes a thing; you keep two cans in the fridge, one labeled “D” and one labeled “me”...

You become a servant to the gang.  I know cause I am one.  Spoiled brats.
That is disgusting
What episode of Always Sunny is this?
r/VredditDownloader
 This is awesome! 

I wanted to say something witty, but all these comments are so full of win, I got distracted trying to read them all.
 I love it so patient 😍 it's only right lol
Isn’t whip cream dangerous for dogs or something
And they all share blood sugar obesity.
... at 9:30 on a Saturday
Time to get high on nitrous oxide
The last dog you fed, the little black and white one, what type of breed are they? I have a very similar looking dog and was told he is a terrier, but that's about it.
On behalf of all the germaphobes, I would like to thank you for not letting the animals touch the tip of the whipped cream nozzle.
Gang Gang Gang
Form the look of it, it seems like the taxe for every time someone uses the whipped cream
My dog (14f shih tzu) LOVES whipped cream. Even at her age if we shake the can she books it to the kitchen. It’s so cute to watch her slide and look up with humungous eyes
u/vredditdownloader
That’s a heckin’ gang!
One of my dogs loves whipped cream, the other 3 don't care for it.
Line up
Reminds me of this
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=J1E0x6YeWa0
You need a second cat
Gang gang
So cute!! :)
Make sure they don’t get diabetes, would have to test there blood 2x a day, inject insulin 1x a day, and weigh there food, and in this case, watch all animals eat and make sure none of them get 1 pebble of dog food more than they should
If you really loved your animals you would not give them that stuff.  No, not even in moderation.
I was waiting for Always Sunny music.
Do that at my house and you'll lose a finger, my wife is a fiend for that stuff ;)
Avengers. Assemble!
Really thought this was a sunny reference and everything was gonna go hilariously wrong
u/Vredditdownloader
Based on the way this went down, it’s clearly not the first time this has happened
Cats can have a little whipped cream
I'd hear my cat farting across the room if I gave him whipped cream.
Treat yourself
If my cat smells the faintest scent of ice cream or hears one clink of my spoon on the bowl she comes running.
[deleted]
My babies!!!!! Nugget is the first golden, followed by Pippa, Thor is the kitty, then Tin is smaller York is and Tutu is Parti Yorkie. Thank you for sharing them!
Where’s the Oprah meme?  You get whipped cream!  And you get whipped cream!
So cute!!!!
OH my GOD DON'T GIVE YOUR CAT thing with SUGAR IS VERY BAD !!!
AND PLEASE DON'Y TELL ME "I ALWAYS DO THAT"
u/vredditdownloader
Andrew Yang?
I want to live here!
I wanted to drink coffee after this
Can I join your gang?
OMG.. I have fewer dogs.. but the response is the same... everyone comes running when they hear 'the can'..
My fur babies! Nugget, then Pippa, Thor the cat, Tin and then Tutu the part I yorkie!
Sugar is so bad for dogs. Don't know about cats but don't give your dogs whipped cream.
Also no ice cream
Is that healthy for them ?
Adorable video, but too much whip on those drinks...gonna make them cold!
We have extra Costco whip cream left over from the holidays- will whip cream our 4 dogs and cat this evening!
Oh god I now finally understand what whipped cream is my dutch arse didn't fricking thinked about the english word for "slagroom"
🤑🌍🌎🦷🦈🦿🦾we stand strog
I expected Danny Devito
Hooman you have something we want
Why should you feed your animals with such trash?
That’s some weak hot chocolate; legit thought the second cup was tea...
I like ice cream with hot cocoa anyone else?
Good human.
Someone reposted this on r/animalsbeingderps
My dog comes RUNNING when he hears the whipped cream! Lmao
Your Yorkie is okay with big dogs in the house?  Jealous....
I enjoy this
UNEQUAL DISTRIBUTION!!!!!!!
The purest episode of It’s Always Sunny
I hate to be that guy and I love cats.. but on the countertop after it most likely earlier in that day scratched around in its shitbox?
Cats can have a little whipped cream.
Then the cats lactose intolerance kicks in and the fun ends.
11:00 am 

On a Tuesday
You are surrounded

Give us the cream and we will let you go

Or else
*their
We might possibly have the same little dogs [Dodge & Ram](https://i.imgur.com/X1A1EoR.jpg)
So cute but omg the diarrhea you would have to clean up 😂
100k upvotes for feeding animals sugar and many other unnatural ingredients. Yeah, you people are fucked in the head.
One of my cats, our most beautiful idiot, will steal broccoli right out of your hand. Carrots he’s ok with, green beans are always a thrill, edamame husks are the ultimate snack. He can’t have edamame husks though; he accidentally got into some once and when he pooped them out. Dear god. The mess.
Is it not healthy for cats?
I immediately thought this was a Sunny In Philidelphia clip.
You have a house full of adorable animals!
If you really want to give your dogs a treat, raw goat milk. It’s easy for them to digest, it’s actually good for them and they go nuts for it.
Even the cat shows up! This is wholesome.
asshole
Oh my God my heart!

I’ve been looking at r/aww for the past 90 minutes crying at all of the wholesome content. 

I have a 12 year old Yorkie and I dread the day I have to wake up without her. Thank you for sharing the video!
Communism works sometimes
Pancreatitis ...
Aren't most cats lactose intolerant?
I love this 💕
Why is everyone in here celebrating that this person has gotten her pets addicted to whipped cream?
Incredibly cute but please don’t do it often. Not good for them. 🐾
Animals shouldn't eat sugar?
Damn that's a lot of pets. The food bill alone. I can barely afford to feed myself. Good on you 😊
Animal hoarding is cruel.
Spiral hair ties are the best!
u/VredditDownloader
OMG. I love u
I like how all the cream amounts were proportional to their sizes
I love them and I love you for loving them
How does one love a life with all these pets? It's has to be a headache at times. I guess you would get all the livings possible?
This needed an edit where the IASIP opening credits start
What a happy gif.
Where’s the human rippin’ a whip-it at the end?
Wildcard, bitches!
😂😂 animals are like humans!
I know which one is your favorite. Haha
The whipped cream...hand it over
#That title though
Lero lero lero lero lero lero lero
Aww they just kept coming, and were so polite!
Gang gang 🤙
The Whipped Cream Team*
What’s the breed of the last dog that got the whipped cream?
Everyone f'ing loves whipped cream! It's universal. Heck if aliens invaded, it would only be so they could steal our whipped goodness.
The look of anticipation of the cats face was priceless.
That's the life I want in the future ❤️
Thursday, 2:45pm
concern redditors incoming 3 2 1....
[Yang Gang](https://i.imgur.com/uLL0oWl.jpg)
Make sure not to feed them to much
Is it safe?
*Avengers theme plays*
Love how they all gathered together out of nowhere 😂
I didn't realise dogs.could have a little wiped cream. Mine are always begging when I make a hot chocolate
Avengers assemble
*Always sunny theme starts playing*
So cute :) $1,000 a week whipped cream habit but totally worth it!
Can you please adopt me thanks bye
Well I gues whiped cream turnes you in to a Disney princess
Humans being bro's
Raised the bar for the rest of the sub for the day.  The cutest!
The last two dogs look exactly like dogs that we had in my childhood
Animals love coconut whipped cream just as much.
This is extremely unhealthy for animals
I’m surprised even the cat wanted it. Adorable
Disturbing footage of a guy whipping his pets
*It's Always Sunny in this Person's Kitchen*
The Kitty's face on the first turn around ☺️
I thought whipped cream was toxic for animals like chocolate is for dogs
Is that healthy for them to eat?
How well they do it is a sign this is a common occurrence.
Our cats could be twins! https://imgur.com/gallery/1EGm6SH
Too many pets for me. Cats on the counter is disgusting. I can smell this house and I’m somehow already covered in dog hair. Yuk
I know this will get downvotes,but i just want to ask you somthing. Is there suger in that wiped cream or is it for animals? Pls dont feed them suger. They can die. Its not safe for them to eat it. Just a little bit probably wont do anything, just a tummy ache, but please dont do this too often. I recommend not to do it at all, because animals can die from sugar.
whipped cream has twice the amount of sugar compared to regular coke. this is not ok and the way these pets line up it does look like a regular thing. 

oh and it might look like good behavior the way they line up but it is not. they are begging for it
look those faces, aww
seems like an easy way for bacteria to harbor.. 🤷
Its a goddamn zoo over there 🤢. Not for me, but trust it makes you happy at least :-)
This is sooo cute OP!!! Awww when i eat or other members of my family my cat would sit beside our chair and wait for us to give her pieces of out lunch she basically eats every meal with us...although her highness is super spoiled
Can cats have whipped cream?
Did y'all just put whipped cream in chicken noodle soup
Wholesomeness
We are aware that squirty cream and whipped cream are different right? Or is this an American thing?
Thank you for only giving them (esp. Kitty) only a little. Pets with diabetes are a sad thing, but a small treat shouldn't hurt.
I wish I had a fur baby. I envy you stranger.
Wasn’t expecting that much hate for supporting OP... reddit must be full of PETA today. 😂
u/VredditDownloader
EVERBODY GETS ONE!
My doggo exactly, honestly I dunno how or why he doesn't react to the sound from this video. The only videos to ever get a reaction out of him have been kittens meowing.
Doggie gang all the way
I also have 4 dogs and a cat. Never a dull moment
I was waiting for the camera to turn around and OP to fill their mouth with whipped cream.
This is my life.
Is the last dog that came in a Shih-Tzu?
Same here!
NOM NOM NOM
I love how they patiently wait their turns, it's so sweet and adorable!
Oh this isn't a Sunny episode meme?
I was really hoping that more and more animals would just start appearing from various places, but this was great anyway.
That's quite a gang you got there
"Let's do Whip its!"

 "Who said that? This isn't the kind of house we live in!"
S L A G R O O M
Just when I think Reddit is nothing but shit, I see this and my faith is restored.
Whenever I open a bag of chips in class
They're going to turn Paddy's into some kind of Asia. creampie factory!
I love your gang
New episode name for Its always sunny in Philadelphia
Are whip cream safe for animals?
I liked how she paid attention not to let the dogs and cat like from the  what's-it-called... spray or something.
This would be so much better with sound.
That's adorable
Put it in a mug. It's called a puppuccino.
Say Cool. Say Whip.
This is the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen
Cat eyes got me awwwed so fast
They heard the spray can sounding in the deep
When Mittens does whippets its funny... When i do "i have a problem"
What the fuck is that coffee.
Gross. Go live in the forest. There is even more animals in there.
I just wanna know, is this healthy for the animals?  I'm a noob when it comes to such
Just don’t give them too much, it can give them diabetes
I have those same spoons!
Like opening cheese at our house.
What a good pet parent! Kudos to you!
Glad that the title has the word 'whipped' in it.
I want to live in that house
I hope the gang also gets dental care
Gotta pour one out for the homies! Except they’re alive. And animals. And it’s whipped cream.
Oh my gosh my dog does the same. But he comes running when he hears me pick up the can
Nothing for the human?
Aww the cats like a dog and the little dogs Omg! Cute overload!
Why is this ok but when I tell people I give my pets cream pies they insult me and walk off???
Those are all some weird looking pigs.
Of course the derpy yorkie drops it on the floor. 

They’re the best. The derps have sucked me in, im a lifelong yorkie mom.
And instant diarrhea
Why did i read this as "The gang gets whipped hard"
Definitely going to see if my cat will try it today.
Is it just me or are those goldens pretty big? Not fat but tall and and large.
Random question: where do I find the floor-tiles they have in this video? Been searching for something like this but can't seem to find them.
1000 Whipped Cream every month.

^ Dun do dis ^
*white rabbit starts playing*
This sounds like an episode of Its Always Sunny in Philadelphia
This looks very familiar right down to the hair tie around your wrist. But I’ve got all cats lined up. My pets love whipped cream too!
The ganngggggg
Andrew Yang to theYang Gang
you're supposed to groan while you do it.
Wtf she put whip cream in steaming turnip soup.
I do it and my gang of four pups and a cat love it too
OP - I’d whip your cream

*is just sayin*
My wife has a gaggle of cats climbing the cabinets when she does her coffee.
I have the exact same situation in my house. They hear the can and all 5 of them, 2 dogs and 3 cats, come running.
The animals are adorable, but I’m in love with that kitchen!
Why is my heart melting
My cat i had in college loved Twizzlers and marshmallows. I literally had to keep them in my bedroom because he could open the cabinet doors and drawers and withhold chew through the packaging to get to them.
Someone likes cleaning diarrhea I see.
I see a product bringing joy to these pets that caused animals that you don't see here a lot of pain.

That is if it's dairy and not plant-based.
Cream is dairy dogs can’t have it it’s bad for them
You're like a Disney princess summoning all those animals.
I am so happy for this. 😭💜🙏🏽
The diabetes gang
u/vredditdownloader
Gang moves 😈
This is what heaven looks like.
Awwww everyone got some ❤️
Looks like the second to last one got a lick in on the nozzle
That's awesome...I gotta show this to my wife!
Of course the cat takes the high ground.
Was anyone else expecting something to do with always sunny?
Animals should never beg for food. That's bad upraising.
Too much mercy
From the title, was waiting to hear the Always Sunny theme.
Yang Gang?
They are too cute. I’ve conditioned my dog to come whenever she hears the whipped cream too! She loves it
I wish I could have a house full of dogs again so bad. Moments like these make me miss living with a bunch of animals, even if they’re crowding/begging/clingy; sharing in groups with the fuckers always makes you feel warm and fuzzy
Aww all of them got creampied...
That title made me think I was in r/peoplefuckingdying for a moment.
OMG! Too funny. Love how gentle and patient they all were. Clearly they KNEW what was coming or wouldn’t have suddenly all showed up in the kitchen! 😂😂😂
So bad..
As a owner of four dogs and a cat I love this so much! I gave my dogs whipped cream one time and they absolutely loves it.
Ha gross, the first mug looks like it's got soup in
'I heard the pawty was starting?'
But.. but... you missed out yourself!!
Awww sweet! We do this too! Our Brittany Spaniel doesnt like the noise it makes but loves the whip cream and our Chocolate Lab would eat the can and all if he could lol.
This is me in the future
Oh, this brings back memories of my Maggie Mae!  She loved sweets, and whipped cream was one of her favorite things.  She's sit and wait, and her mouth would make a perfect O waiting for her squirt. Your babies are so good and polite waiting for their turns.
Everybody eats!
Pls can i join this gang 🙏🙏
Whipped creams beats the can opener!
That's a lot of runny poops 😄
Should they be eating that crap?
Junk food junkies!
How many Animals have you got? Have you got more than these 5?
Whipcream 2: Electric Sugarshitaloo
Aww! It’s so cute to see how each one reacts differently to it.
The cat made me lol 😂
You get whipped cream! And you get whipped cream! Everybody gets whipped cream!
In addition to the cream, cats can have a little salami.
Nasty
Thought this was going to be "it's always sunny" reference
I love how he changes the delicacy of how he dispenses the whipped cream for each individual animal.
This owner is whipped.
there's always one asshole that has to put his mouth on it
You have a lot of pets. Does it have something to do with a job?
Excuse me while I whip this out.
This is a prime example why I don’t participate in potlucks
That’s awesome 👍
Thats fucking beautiful
What a sweet collection of animals.   :)
But i hope theres not a lot of sugar in the whipped cream
After I read the title, I heard Temptation Sensation start playing in my head.
So now you're washing that right
Cats and dogs alike sure love it.

I don't blame them.
That's not whipped cream. It's squirty cream.
My dog's name is Chantilly (Whipped Cream in Portuguese) hahaha 🥰
Each by each animal came up and so did my smile
Lots of doggo but why only 1 cat?
Commenting for later
How come you have my kitchen counters, floor, love of show, and woodery, but i only have the  weirdo who wants bama apple jelly? https://i.imgur.com/FjChInt.jpg https://i.imgur.com/LYojJlR.jpg https://i.imgur.com/xbZxyB2.jpg
i tought whipped cream was bad for animals health the gang is very cute tho
aaaaaaAAAAAAAAAA
Me and the boys
r/gifsyoucanhear
So wholesome and funny! Thanks op!
Now you just need a bird to complete the set
Nice cream pie
I bet their house stinks
Hilarious, when I open my cupboard door my three moggies think it's tuna time!
I love this! I also have that same little baby spoon hahaha
It's ok until he give them something also white
This makes me happy :)
You get a whipped cream!
You get a whipped cream!
Everyone gets a whipped cream!
Aww those cute babies
Very unhealthy.
[reminds me](https://youtu.be/RrntYPLEvPA)
The gang gets diarrhea!
so sweet a family 💓
Seems like that wasn't the first time. They knew what was coming!
I love how they took the size into consideration. Big boys get bigger creams but the same amount could make the small boys sick.
How the heck is your house so clean with all those guys! Mine is a damn wreck and I feel like all I do is clean.. after the animals! 😂
A is so cute
u/VredditDownloader
Me and the bois getting whip cream from our owner
They just keep coming!!!
Creamed
