My pup had been begging the house cats for 6 1/2 years.  They’re still not ready for that level of intimacy
[This is what happens on the off days when Ollie doesn’t feel like giving kisses](https://imgur.com/CRlvHOR)

Edit: [here is their normal nightly routine :)](https://imgur.com/a/xbJ1yNh)
That scratchy tongue feels so good.
Accidental blep at the end. What a cute pair
This is seriously cute!
Aww she’s so gentle
Aww that little love nibble at the end got me
[deleted]
OP's over here replying to tons of comments and posting more videos/pics of cat and doggo. We should all strive to be more like OP

(thank you for this, I needed something light today 🙏. and happy cake day!)
I just want to know how you have house plants! I have two and house plants hold no hope for survival in here!
So sweet! What a gorgeous pup!  Would she take human kisses? 😚
OMG that is the cutest thing!! Made my day❤️❤️❤️
Ya see my cat foods this but to only lick my pugs eye boogers off his face. Thats true love right there
Ended with a blep
Happy cake day
When cats lick other animals, it's usually a game of how many licks to get to the center of a Tootsie Pop, except they are the owl.
Please? Please! Pleasepleaseplease.
Looks like May my Carolina doggo.  Gawd I miss that puppy.
What a lovely pack of 2
Awwww this is literally all I needed to get through this day, thank you.
Omg, please tell me these two amazing creatures have their own Instagram?! I'd be their Num1Fan!!! 🥰
kiss? please kiss? now kiss? cato can kiss? yes thank u
[Looks just like mine too, lab/husky mix, she’s also a big flirt](https://imgur.com/a/IT6VEo2/)
This is too cute!
Aw, I love her persistence— like ‘Oh come onnnn you know you love me!’

Happy Cake Day and your plants are looking good btw!
Dog: "Please wash my face! I don't know where all those other dog butts have been."
Cat: "exactly!" (Then gives in because dog is so cute and persistent)
##meowtoo.
 I see a lot of people saying their dog looks just like yours, but seriously, my guy looks **exactly** like yours!

[https://i.imgur.com/leVtd3s.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/leVtd3s.jpg)
A male cat and a female dog. It's got me so confused but I love it!
Is that a tabby? He looks a lot like my marbled bengal.
Your animals are my animals doppelgängers!
If there was subreddit for animal relationships, this would be sexual harassment 

Jokes apart very cute
When my dog gets too personal, my cat either runs away or gives him some claws-retracted skibbity paps
Happy cake day :)
More like sexual pawrassment, amiright?
Worth beggin for😽
Aww they love eachother :')
Awwww 🐶💙 that’s just precious
I love all the extra pictures in the comments
Never seen a dog so thirsty! Yo dog, there are others out there! Know your worth, doggo
maybe humans exist only to bring dogs and cats together lol
This is one weird ass porno
Dog: (wants affection)

Cat: Boy, this dog sure wants to be cleaned a lot.
Is this the prequel to CatDog?
Look alike me and my wife
Happy cake day
Happy cake day
So cute! What kind of dog is this? Looks just like mine but do not know what she is ?
Happy Cake Day!!
[deleted]
That is too cute for words!!
Omg can I just die of happiness right now? Oh and happy cake day!!!!
u/psychopeanutbutter
Looks like Ollie is very tolerant!

It's sort of rare to see a chill cat like that.  It's so awesome to see one!
This looks exactly like my dog. Pink nose, long legs, little brown marks on the feet. My dog was a stray, do you know what breed? Photo evidence: [https://i.imgur.com/uoAzrO9.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/uoAzrO9.jpg)
That r/blep at the end!
You stank son damn
*lick
His lil tongue sticking out at the end omg
The derp tongue at the end got me.
That cat blep at the end.
Awwwww so beautiful
r/petthedamndog
She looks just like my jindo mix!
Look at the blep in the end hahahah
Wow that was too cute!! It closed out my day on a very happy note!!
My dog licks the cat right in the eyes and ears and then gets sad when he doesn't cooperate
I like your cat. He is better than most cats. All dogs are great but sometimes cats aren't friendly.
that looks just like my dog!!! is her tail curled as well?
Cat - “No, no, no.... fine.”
Dog - 😏
Fake, dogs are boys and cats are girls
Alright, this is it, pack the sub up. Nothing can top this level of Aww
Seeing the cat go from bopping the doggo to this is like animal character development lol
Please tell me these two have an Instagram. They’re so photogenic, and their dynamic is adorable.
This is one of the most wholesome things I’ve ever seen.
That is so cute
This is the cutest thing I have ever seen
She wants the groomies
But the NIGHTLY ROUTINE, my ♥️🥰!!!
Imagine how good this feels for the pup
I think she was going for third base at the end.
It's almost eerie how much your dog looks like mine. Do mind if I ask what breed she is? Mine is a Shiba Inu and Italian Greyhound mix.
I haven't smiled the way I just did to this in a while. I need pets.
It's so romantic 😂
Same. My dog and cat do this.  But they also clean each other's butts.
Aww 😍
How adorable
♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️😘
u/cutekillerwolf
Girls do love forehead kisses.
Cat is so patient :)
Heart melting 🥺🥺
Cat now owns the dog. LMAO that behavior is submissive AF! "May I be groomed, master mittens?"
I'm always fascinated by pets who get along so well.

Can you say a little bit about how you got them and raised them?
This may just be the cutest damn thing I’ve ever seen!
Okay people like to say: “this is the cutest thing I’ve ever seen” under every post, but this right here is LITERALLY the cutest thing ever
I am sorry I can’t stop watching can somebody help me?
*pet my head. GIMMIE KISS DAMNIT! GIMMIE KISS NOWWWW*
non consensual kisses
Okay this is beyond adorable!!!
Kitty fren
This reminds me of a HK drama where the two main characters fall in love over a long period of time. One of them has a cat and is coerced by the female MC into caring for a stray dog she picked up because her father hates strays and she can't keep the dog. 

The cat and dog falls in love throughout the show like their owners do. The dog woulf always bring the cat flowers and little gifts he picks up when he runs away to take a stroll around the neighborhood lol
You could make a youtube/twitter/insta just from these two.
How adorable!!
Its like when your kids keep asking and your just like "Here here here!!!"
Beautiful friendship
My begging my boyfriend for kisses
Please please please

Ok alright *cough* disgusting animal *cough*
I think you have it backwards OP, everyone knows  all dogs are boys and all cats are girls.
Interracial relationships???
My dates (always) be like
That’s so cute . I hate when the cat licks me 😞
Why do cats do this? Just a natural grooming instinct? My orange tabby used to do this any time I put my hear near him.
Adorable! What kind of dog is he/she?
Relatable
Adorable
Pure love.
Happy cake day
What kind of dog is that? Looks very similar to my dog that died about 10 years ago, but we never knew what kind of dog she was.
Reminds me of Mort(e) and Shiba.
This is SO CUTE‼️ It warms my heart❣️ Thanks for sharing.
This made my day! Thank you!
We need more of these two cuties!
Cute
It's cute when they do it but Harvey Weinstein gets prosecuted
Is that a jindo?
Nice looking dingo you have.
Looks just like a dingo
Hey, our cats look identical!
Me with my wife.
Please what is that breed???
Her little blep at the end really made this super cute.
u/vredditdownloader
Pepe le pew has been Reincarnated into this charming canine
i love the blep at the end
The blep at the end <3
Happy birthday
Happy cake day
What kind of dog is this!!! So cute
You fool! Ollie is requesting a bath
interspecies harassment
“That rough cat tongue feels good man”
Not even the dog can resist kitty kisses. Also that little blep at the end 😍
<3
my heart
Was the cat around before the dog?
Man i'm so lonely..
I wish I had a cat and dog like that
Awwwwwww! *heart melts everywhere*
Aaaawwww that is the sweetest thing ever!!
Happy cake day!!!
ye my cats...
HAPPY CAKE DAY!!!!
Please just one more kiss 🐶🐱
OMG!!! 😊 They are so CUTE! 💞
I never realized how hard my heart was till these sweet angels broke it
I’ve watched this so many times I almost missed my stop on the bus
I hella felt that. Tight!
Fucking precious
Awwwe!!! 😊😊
Happy cake day ❤️💜🧡
Aw
El amor prohibito
Lol
How’s your cake day
Its so blessed
That looks like my cat if he actually licked me
Honestly made my day
u/vredditshare
[MASS HYSTERIA!](https://youtu.be/9S4cldkdCjE?t=109)
dog needs to learn no means no
Awe!! That's how my cats licks my nose lol
That's adorable.
HAPPY CAKE DAY
I am so surprised that she's not scared .... so cuteeee
Why won't you love mmeeeee
God, I love cats!
She wants love from everyone.
u/vredditdownloader
This is adorable! It reminds me of how my cat and dog treat each other.
Korean Jindo??
Cats tongue 👅 at the end! LOL
Man, this is some next level, Inter-race true love,... lmao...  but honestly that's really cute
They are so cute 🥰🥰!
#meowtoo
Omg so cute
Happy cake day!
Oh my God get a room!
Hashtag meowToo
Stop having such cute fucking animals lol
I said GIB
I'm speachless
Freak I love animals.
I gotta know right now..... will you love me forever ?!?
These damned mixed marriages.
What type of dog is she? Part Basenji, by any chance?
This sure feels good
Awwwwww
Holy shit I love this soooo much! Not a huge cat fan but I want one just like him!!!!
Such sweeties!!!!!  They love each other <3
Aww so cute
What a cute pair :)
Very cute
Hi so random question but I recently adopted a rescue who looks identical to her and have no idea the breed. What breed is she
Hope someone kisses me like that someday
r/animalsbeingbros
excellent /r/blep at the end there.
Adorbs!
Happy cake day!!!
AMINAL FRENTS!
I feel like I’m invading their privacy. Which makes it even more fucked up..
Their little tongue sticking out at the end was the cherry on top of this.
Why peepl did dis.
Don’t cats and dogs have very different concepts of what grooming another’s face means socially?
Kitteh: I hate ever...wait man...I wanna hate everyone...dude come on..Ok bro..i got you..btw thanks I planning killing our hooman
It's cute and wierd at the same time lol
True friendship 😘
u/cutty-the-cuddlefish I showed my mom this video and she was awwing for a minute then said, "It was cute at first but it's annoying how he keeps asking." I told her it a 20 second video on repeat and she said "Oh."
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditshare
😭❤️❤️
This is very cute.
Haha
AND THAT BLEP AT THE END OMG
That is one patient kitty
lik my hed    lik my hed       yessss lik my hed
My cat & dog do same thing! ❤
This video reinforces my love of animals over humans. Heart warming!
I see that you are also a plant person like me! Mist that monstera extra for me today!
Is it a fact that cats express affection by licking enough to call them "kisses"? I thought it was primarily for cleaning.
so symbiotic and sweet!
I had a dog that looks just like her!  She was the best dog ever.  It’s been 5 years  since she died and I still think about her everyday.  She was a rescue - they told us she was a shepherd terrier mix.  We said she was an Oakland Yellow Dog.  What a great friend!
u/vredditshare
Happy cake day!
I get it. You ever get out the shower and have yo cat lick your hair? That shits like a comb. Feels good af
Happy cake day (at least I think so).
Super adorable!
🥺
This is so freaking adorable! Thank you for sharing!
a
They are comprising
That's the cutest thing I've EVER seen
oh sure a dog does it, it's ok. if I do it, I get restraining orders.
what breed is that dog? it looks exactly like mine!
Happy cake day!
WELL madam are we a bit in love there, aren't we?!
Pup is thirsty!
Big awww!!
The pet gives the pet the pets.
This is cute
impressive
Happy Spotify cheese day!
cutest thing ive ever seen
I do the same thing
I thought the cat was gonna bite the dog before the kisses started. Lol. Was a moment of “ahhg, Fine I kiss you”
This is how life should be
Me,a single -_-
My dog does this with as well. It's really cute.
AWWWWW 😍😍😍 WHAT A CUTIE PIE!!!!!
Awww
1. that dog is really funny and cute looking
2. its like they are a couple and one is overly affectionate and the other is shy
Name of dog and cat ? Cat is ollie.
it feel good
Awwwww cute
I hope people in the world think and  act like them.
Trying not to cry here
The cutest thing ever!
Aww, that is just too cute! 😊
omg!!!
Ollie and Sammy are cute. Tx for the video OP. Happy Cake Day!
Cats don’t kiss dogs. They bathe them.
LOVE ME DAMMIT!
My dog looks EXACTLY like yours. Spitting image. https://imgur.com/a/zLOJphF

Don't mind the ripped couch.
Oh but he loves her!  This is too adorable.
LOVE that little nibble at the end
When I pressure for kisses it’s considered weird
Omg, that's just soooo cute 🥰🥰😍😍
My old dog  dog witch has sadly pasted loved my cat and my cat loved him
Aww

Also, happy cake day
And a finale blep!
Forbidden Love
Our sheeb BASE jumps off the top of the couch and pummels the cat. There is rarely any love. I have caught her on a few occasions boopin snoots with the cat but he isn’t a fan.
“I want what they have 😔” -my friend after looking at this
#metoo
r/petthedamndog
Anyone know what kind of cat this is?
We have the same cat!
What breed(s) of dog is this
r/animalsbeingbros
she's just a friend
For sure that’s Yoongi
Awwwwww!
Years of Tom & Jerry cartoons have left me wholly unprepared for TikTok.
She's such a good girl. Same as the cat
They're so precious! And I gotta say, I'm loving the plants showing in the background on those extra videos!
I wish my white German Shepard (she) and my Persian (he) got along this well but he just hissed at her while she states in curioisuty at him.
That is relationship goals. My heart melted at the cuteness
Isn’t that always the way ...
Most awww video of 2020, there's no need to post more
no no NO oh fine here
/u/vredditshare
i need more of this in my life
u/vredditdownloader
Happy cake day
True friendship
My GS mix looks Like your girl and our cat is a Siamese rescue .. But they never interact like these two! Once every few days I’ll hear a tussle and see the cat go running through the house but that’s usually because she started it! Thanks for posting!
This is amazing. Made my day. Thanks for posting 😁
Spotify cheese
HAPPY CAKE DAY
Did he storm out?

Amazing
She is production's darling of the season so far
Clean Me!
u/alltheboops
So cute!
such cuties
Does she come to her humans for pets and cuddles, too?
That is the cutest thing I have ever seen.
/u/wanwan2727
0.10: faces of cat-lick addiction.
What breed is Sammy? She kinda looks like my dog (he's a rescue so we don't know what breed he is)
They provide a lesson on how to be cute
The blep at the end, tho
These two adorable creatures can make you good money if you use thier ig account well.
Someome needs to write these two into zootopia somehow.
I begged my ex for kisses and he only gave me only 3 to 4 times :(
Good
That’s a Bali Dingo right? I’ve got 5 of the bastards
tsundere cat
u/leebee98 You to me haha :p
I am that dog
106k like! Largest I've ever seen!
r/vRedditdownloader
u/VredditDownloader
I want to say something but I can’t it’s to bad to say
Finally some good ducking reddit
So sweet❤️
I would also like Ollie attention.
omg kitty even had a blep at the end, so cute
❤️❤️
Happy Cake Day friend
Looks just like my dog Sparkle!
Tsundere Cat
Actual footage of me and my SO
Is this a Milo and Otis remake?
r/kittypupperlove !!!
Tell me again HOW MUCH UPVOTES FOR 22 HOURS 111K jesus
That blep!!! 😍🤗
My puggle and tuxedo get along so well, they try to play but my cats still kinda confused on the concept
This is literally the cutes thing ever
My dog humps the cats
Good kitty 😻
what breed is this?
Is this the prequel to CatDog?
Lies the cat is slurping the dogs brain from her ears!!!
u/vredditshare
Seeing the cat go from bopping the doggo to this is like animal character development lol
u/vredditdownloader
Thats really interesting behaviour imo because to most cats aggressively licking is a sign of dominance. Dog loves it but cat is using the licks as a warning sign.
This is possibly the cutest thing I've ever seen. But I'm also deeply depressed and alone, so I can't quite tell. Adorable, perfect friends either way! Made me smile even for just a moment, until I started happy crying :):(
My heart! This is why I love animals😚🥰
Ok he's not asking for kisses - he's asking to get washed.
All my dog tries to do is bite my cats paws off. Sigh
That little tongue at the end is adorable! Not sure if blep or mlem.. :|
What do you call it when cat and dog makes a baby?
“Get off me bitch!”
Lickees not kisses...
um, excuse me. I happen to know that dogs are boys and cats are girls. this is fake.
r/dogfordinner
The dog is going to jail for statutory rape.
Rape
This is crazy level of cute. Made my day :)
That's Licking not kissing
Its sexual harrassment lol
