Awww! Thank u so much for adopting a senior kitty! He looks like he has LOTS of love to give.
That cat was worried she had been adopted by someone else.
Our cat Mr. Waffles was about 7 when we adopted him. He was brought back to the shelter by the previous owners for whatever reason, after they had him de-clawed. He spent almost two years there. He was so happy and affectionate immediately when we brought him in. We think he lived around dogs because he is very dog like, always licks you and just acts dog like. He can't meow, though he very often tries to, you just see him try to meow and hear air escaping. Though at night he can do a very loud and low *mow*
So nice of you to adopt an older cat
She definitely has the "just got back from camp" sunburn. My kids always look like that. Cute cat also 👍
Thank you so much for adopting an older cat. Just that tells me you are a wonderful caring person. You daughter is lucky to have you. And so is the e cat
Do you ever get jealous from a pet loving someone more than you? Or is it just me?
Cat: "dis my hooman"

Girl: "dis my kitty"
Made by me cry. Bless you for adopting him 🐱
MY sister does this, she always takes the older cats, sometimes that means they aren't with her very long, but her current one is pushing 21 years old, she got him when he was 16 I believe. She took him from an aquaintance, because they were leaving the country, and would have taken him to the shelter. no one wants a    year old cat from a shelter, she couldn't stand by and let them do that. she has done this several times.
We just had to put down our 19 year old orange tabby, and he looks just like this one.  They are very loving, and so very sweet.  I have a tear in my eye as I write this.
This is the first post I see on Reddit after getting home from putting my orange cat down.  Oh well, I didn’t want dry eyes today anyways.  Please love that cat with everything you have.
This picture is just so precious. You can tell how much they love eachother. Bestfriends forever. Senior cats are so special.
#WHOLESOME
If he is anything like my aunts cat Mac he could live another 9 years easily! The shelter was just his midlife crisis and he is about to enter retirement.
This was just like me and my cat after I got back from a week-long summer camp. He isn’t a very touchy-feely cat but he shows love in varying ways. For instance, he followed me around more than usual, watching me from a distance. And when I set my bag down he jumped into it and started rolling all over my clothes. Sometimes I think my cat just doesn’t want people to know that he cares a lot. But my sister said that when I was gone, he would cry if she didn’t put out one of my t-shirts for him to sleep on. 

Anyway, sorry for the anecdote, really cute picture and good on you for adopting a senior cat!
I love this so much! xxx
Man I need to dust in here. Eyes getting all teary
[He looks so much like my cat. ](https://imgur.com/a/cuN5uvm)
I love Orange Tabbies. They're such sweeties.
Omg, my heart. May she cherish her ginger boy as long as possible. I got mine when I was 13 and he was my absolute best friend.
Best kitty and humans ever !!!

My son adopted an elderly cat who had been declawed and was FIV positive. The perfect apartment cat. He is so affectionate and snuggly. And loves sitting at the windows and watching the birds fly by. And then takes naps.
#who the fuck is cutting the onions
I wish my cat loved me like that.
Adult cats are the shit. I understand the appeal of kittens obviously but every shitty cat started as an excellent kitten. You go find some cool chill 3-15yr old dude and they're not going to flip on you when you get home. It's basically a guarantee you're bringing home a great friend. Kittens also don't need help getting adopted.
Your daughter and cat remind me so much of me and my old cat who passed away in August. He lived to be almost 17 and we would cuddle like this most nights. Thank you for the great photo and I wish you guys all the best with your new pal. Your daughter will experience a whole new kind of love, trust me :')

Edit: heres a pic of my old cat and I - https://imgur.com/gallery/1vtovoP
My dog owning friends: "Cats are cold and not affectionate".

Uh-huh, right.
why did you send your cat to camp?
We adopted a 15 year old cat here from my neighbor in Chicago too!
Cats can love you as much as a dog can.
This actually made me tear up! Lots of love to all of u
Oh my word that is so precious!
Thanks!

I absolutely love orange tabby cats.  I have a picture of ours on my phone, and that little guy will be in my heart forever.  Looks like this young woman will feel the same way about hers. ❤️
I've missed you while you've been away

Ever since you left I've been yearning for this day

For though my joints are weary, I still have time to live

And like you, you'll find, I still have lots of love to give

I miss you when you're gone, it's true

But now you're back there's time to say, I love you
What an amazing thing to do by choosing an older cat, it obviously appreciates what you have done for it. And what a beautiful daughter you have too.
Senior cats > Kittens
What kind of camp did the cat go to?
Old cats are way under rated
Fuck it  I don’t care this made cry. That’s so beautiful! You gave an older kitty an amazing life that’s been long deserved.
Ooooh thank you for adopting that kitty. Older cats need homes too.
I hope he lives to 111.
I love elderly kitties! My mom's elderly 12 year old cat is the most lovey cat I've ever seen. Whenever I come over to visit, he comes running and runs against my legs! He demands to be cuddled too! 😍 🐱
In my case i think older cats are so cuddly! I've had kittens and adult cats, and it seems male cats as kittens are little buttheads. Female cats are sweet and cuddly as kittens, but once they become age to have babies females change, and male cats calm down and become the cuddle monsters
Orange tabbies are the best!  Ours is a puppy cat, follows us around, wants to give love all the time, is never aloof, comes when we call him, and plays fetch better than any dog I ever had.
Cat.
Such a look of love and contentment on that cat's face.
Orange tabby cats are some of the sweetest I've ever experienced. I'm so glad he found his person, they both look so happy! ♥
Incredibly sweet! What a wonderful bond they share. 😭
This makes my bitter heart happy
I adopted a senior cat last year. She is the most affectionate thing I have ever met. She screams a lot. But I still love her.
you could see many more years out of that cat with proper medical care and food. Also one thing usually overlooked with cats and dogs is dental care, start early.
I'm so glad they found each other aww
That's just love
Ok, this is cute and all, but what is it with people posting picutes of their kids online? There is alot of creeps online... 
 It's pretty fucked up IMO.
I envy this
All that love and peace in one picture
so sweet good for her
I love old cats.
Bless you for adopting a senior cat!
This should be the poster for pet adoption.  So sweet!
A beautiful case of adopting adult or senior animals.
Adopting seniors is so important! This makes my heart melt.
I've only been on Reddit a few days. This post beautifully validates why I defected from another site, 9gag. On that particular site a photo like this would receive a very different and thoroughly inappropriate reaction. Honestly, this post and the comments are a breath of fresh air. Thanks everyone!
Awww sweet kitty! He must be one of those cats that was well loved before and is grateful for another go 'round. Bless you for giving it to him. <3
Thank You for adopting an older animal. Unfortunately, many only want the babies.
Beautiful!
Oh my heart!
I guess this proves that everything I've thought about cats is wrong. I didn't know they were so sweet, so affectionate... always thought they were kind of aloof and unfriendly. Very happy to be proven wrong :-)
This is lovely. You’re awesome for adopting a senior kitty!
I love cuddly cats
Man, nothing makes me happier than seeing animals so content. You guys are great for giving him so much love.
We adopted our 13-year old Nikita (aka Kiti) when she was 3, and she’s only gotten sweeter and sweeter every year - especially the last 2-3 years.

Senior kitties are the best!
Senior kitties deserve love too ☺️☺️
Sweet old man and his gorl
What a beautiful exchange of warm fuzzies
I wish I wasn't so allergic to cats, I feel as though I'm missing out on a lot of love.
Ok but can he have a little salami?
Hello fellow Chicagoan shelter adopter, which one is he from? :)
Idc what anyone says about cats. They are some of the most loving, playful animals on the planet.
No grouchy Tabby you have.
Ha, you can see the smile in his eyes.
Orange cats have this power.
Awww that is adorable!
That cat looks like he’s in his favorite place in the world. Very sweet. She will cherish that photo forever.
Aww this is so damn sweet 🤩💙
That cat😍
I had a cat that looked like yours, my old neighbor poisoned him because he didn't like cats. I still miss my little guy.
Nice Hospital room decor
This is precious <3 about to jump in my car and drive to the nearest animal shelter
My cat Stephen was given to us with a rep sheet that said she was feral. I've worked with feral cats. Stephen who rides my husband like a pony is NOT feral. Shelter cats are best cats.
I can't show this to my wife. She's gonna bawl her eyes out.
he's like a little mop 😭
We adopted a 13 year old cat last year. We had her for about a year before she passed away. She was the most loving and beautiful cat I’ve ever had the opportunity to care for. I miss her every day. Bless you for taking in an old soul, they have so much to offer.
On the one hand, it's kinda sad to adopt a pet that only likely has four to seven years left, but on the other hand it's kind to give an older animal comfort in their old age.

I have a soft spot for older dogs.  Puppies are great, but they really demand a lot from you, if you're going to train them well.
Ginger cats are the best!
I wish my kitty snuggles like this.
This is wonderful
Good for
U
It hurts so much seeing this, my cat Canaille was a stray cat, he was probably abandoned by his former masters due to the fact that he was deaf (full white cat are more inclined to have hereditary diseases or being deaf) 
He yelled so loud from outside my balcony, I lived in a flat at that time with my family, I could not let him like that. 
My dad cant physical tolerate them(cats) , in French we say "allergies", he asked me to be careful as I fed him outside, because we couldn't let him move inside, to not attract him here.
In fact at the time I was sure that 4 glass doors, 1 wooden door and stairs was about all we needed for him to not come. 
Of course I loved him already, I fed him everyday until one day, the yelling were much closer, very much closer, until I opened the door only to see this little guy in front of me. He just rushed in and made his home inside mine, he litteraly adopted us, pure luck this particular cat wasn't activating any allergies. 
So we just took him, loved him, he made us a little to no contact family  into a loving one. 
I had to move out for a year (studying in Spain) , 1 month after my arrival as I was preparing my return home for Christmas, my mom called to tell me he died in her arms after having some kind of panic attack yelling and rushing everything, which was after all some kind of epileptic seizure. 

I had this cat, 5 month total in my home as I was there, and I cuddled him just like that, and I miss him so much, please just enjoy your animal friends every time you can, you may be the biggest part of their world, but they can have this place in our world too.
Orange tabbies are the best!!
My heart!! This is so cute!! Best friends!! 💗💗
That is the dream human/cat relationship.
This makes my heart sing!
beautiful...she will never forget him.
[This is Jay and Not So Silent Bob](https://imgur.com/YhIVfQB) who were surrender animals, and already about ten years old when I recycled them. As you can see from the date stamp, that was seven years ago.

 Bob, the black one, went to Cat Heaven a year ago, but for six years was the goofiest boy ever. He remained kittenish to the end of his days, even weakly batting at the vet's dangling stetho as she inserted his final catheter. 

Jay is still with me, and provides me with daily noggin bashings, lap warmings and purrs. He loves belly rubs, toe tickles, chin scratches and his evening treat of kitten chow. 

I'm getting on in years myself, but they have convinced me that for whatever time I have left, I will spend it with recycled senior cats.
Ginger cats are the best
Amazing! People need to adopt a lot more older pets, they deserve love too
That's a happy ball of fluff. His golden years will be his best years.
wait hold on, what is the cats eye color
Papa cat is dreaming about protecting his little hooman.
This is so precious! I swear I can see that cat smiling.
<3 senior kitties
Awww snuggle buddies are the best!
My whole heart!!! 
Adorable
My cat will claw my face.  

Outdoor car, goes where she wants, does what she wants, only comes home to eat.
Orange cats are the best
This is absolutely prescious. Thank you for sharing!
I myself adopted an 11 year old cat.. he’s now 13 and has all the love to give. Seniors are my favorite :)
This is just the best picture!
Old bois and girls need forever homes too!

Thank you for giving this one a place to lay his head!
oh this brings me so much joy
My heart
Anybody who says cats aren't affectionate should be directed to this photograph.
Most orange cats are male. Neat little factoid.
That breaks my heart...good on you. You’re a beacon of hope for these poor little guys!
Randomly your daughter looks like the little girl from. Spanglish.
Damn, thats love right there. <3
Omg!  What a lucky kitty. This is so sweet.
At the risk of being downvoted, this is a win-win. The cat gets all the love for the rest of it's life; and when it is time for the cat to go, your daughter is probably looking to move out and see the world, which is not as easy with a pet in tow.
What a heartwarming picture ❤️
Our senior 20 year old parlour panther is the most loving cat I've ever met and we've had him for a year now. Senior kitties make the best pets and cuddlers!
This is beautiful!  I work at a shelter and anytime a senior is adopted it feels special
My first cat lived to 18.  Got 2 more, one lived to 17 the other to 18.5.  I now have a 17 and 8 year old, plus 2 kittens my daughter adopted just before she lost her nearly 17 year old.  Love them all.
I used to do something similar. 

Take pictures of 13 yo girls while they slept.
Love hearing about people adopting elder cats, good job.
Old cat are cuddly, orange cats are friendly. Old orange cat, friendly and cuddly.
Adopting senior cats is the best! I miss my boy Charlie, who was ten when I adopted him. He was the sweetest.
You did a very good thing adopting a senior kitty! Thank you!
He looks like my adopted senior! I love me a fat orange cat.
Having a real crappy morning, got a speeding ticket, this made me smile and made things a little less crap. Thank you.
Thank you for adopting a senior cat❤️. They are often so hard to place.
My cat wants to cuddle like this, but he's a Himalayan mix, furry as heck, and overheats immediately and has to run away just as he starts to get comfortable.
Wholesome af.  Thank you for sharing this.  I love that you've adopted an older kitty!  Massive kudos to you for that!  <3
best boyfriend she'll ever have
That's her baby now
You are the people that make this world a better place.
This is awesome, its amazing that you guys adopted an older cat :)

If you can, I would recommend getting let insurance like Healthy Paws, Trupanion or some others. 

Some of them reimburse you after you pay, others direct pay vets, all are hella worth it for older cats.

I personally have healthypaws with $100 yearly deductable and 90% reimbursement and pay about $30 a cat a month.
I found a stray when I used to clean for restaurants and she is one of the most affectionate cats I have ever met. Are all rescued cats kind of like that?
😭 So beautiful!
Orange male cats are the best dogs.
Cutest picture I've seen all morning!
11-year old or did you mean to type 1-year old? that cat doesn't look that old
Aww
Omg this is so sweet!
Pure love! This is so sweet
Orange boys are the best. Mine is a grade A A-hole, but he's such a lover.
Band camp?
My human now!
What shelter?!
Awwww! My heart is going to explode. This is absolutely adorable!
Precious babies. ♥
So comfortable and so loved.
Is that the cat from the Catcade on Belmont?
This is me and my cat after I go to work for 8 hours.
old cats are great!

we currently have a kitten (for a change of pace), but we got my previous cat (who unfortunately died in October) when he was already 9. Ended up living to 18, being diabetic for most of his senior years. The most lovely animal I've ever been around, I still miss him
That cat looks so fucking happy
I wish if I had a cat. I wouldn't mind scratching my skin tho.
I used to have a cheetah as a pet but it got put down 7 years ago
Most adorable picture ever!!
Amazing thank u for sharing
H3
So adorable!!!
Man I need to dust in here—eyes getting all teary.
Now you made me missed my ginger. I can only see him once every month. Never missed cuddles when i go back.
This made my entire morning, my cats the same way!
Adopted and orange guy too!!! So loving!!
Ur daughter looks like my elementary bff b4 i moved to a neighboring city
Melted cheese cat
💝
damn now I really want a cat
Great job, OP!
Sooooo sweet
Your cat has 0 concerns in your daughters arms.  That is awesome.
This is amazingly cute.
That is the sweetest photo I’ve seen all week

thank you for sharing that
'Camp' sucks.
Currently cuddling with my furball before I leave in a few hours. I won't see her for about 8 months and it makes me sad.
So cute❤
I want to be with that cat too :(
I lost my snuggly cat this summer and this makes me want to run out and adopt another kitty so bad. I don’t think my senior girl would be very happy though. 😔
Shelter animals know when they are "saved" and show their appreciation in many ways. Returning love is one of them.
I can’t overstate how important rescuing animals from shelters is. By doing so long-term, we reduce the number of animals in shelters, and reduce the demand signal for “cat and puppy mills”, this increasing at a macro level, the overall quality of life for *all* pet-trade animals.
Damn you Reddit..enough with making me cry 😊
It was meant to be.
Warm kitty. Soft kitty.
I love people who adopt older animals.  Thank you.
Aw!! I hope he lives a super long and healthy cat life so your daughter can enjoy another decade with him :)
Ginger cats are the best!
Senior babies are the best!!! So much love here.
That's one of the most adorable thing I've seen from the beginning of 2020
This is the cutest shit I’ve seen so far in 2020
Senior cats have so much love to give. We adopted ours from the SPCA when she was about 11 years old, she had been waiting there for a home for just over a year. 
She is the love of my life and my best friend
This makes my heart flutter
This post just made my day.  What a perfect moment.
They look purrfect together, and may I say thank you for adopting a senior kitty and giving him his best golden years that he so deserves. Thank you for sharing this moment.
Aw so cute! Thank you for adopting an older kitty!
So sweet ;\_;
This is so sweet, it almost brings tears to my eyes
Senior cats are the BEST. I adopted mine (Flo) when she was 9. Lived with one family her whole life and when their kids got older, the parents didn't want to deal with pets so they surrendered them ALL (one other cat who didn't get along with Flo well and two dogs). She's the best cat - so affectionate and chill. Thank you for rescuing an older furball!
Like a glove
You want 2 more in Chicago?! 2 young boys.
Ooooooooo, doz cuddles <3
so much heart ache so soon though
Soooooo darling 🤗❤😻
This is just reinforces how indifferent my cat is to me. He acts like asking for a cuddle is the most degrading thing in the world.
OH MY GOD. SO PRECIOUS. Just made my day, thank you.
Kittens are overrated tbh, it's the older cats that are the best. Hugs for days.
I'll join the chorus of saying it's so nice to see a senior kitty adopted. I have 2 myself and it's sad to think of other older beasts like that that get overlooked. They can be so sweet and affectionate and in need of love and security just like their younger brothers and sisters. Enjoy!
He's such a good boy.  Precious.
They both look so very happy.
They need us and we need them just as much. My dog saved me this past summer from some dark days. Literally there were days where he was the only reason I got out of bed — I had to do his morning walk. If not I would have been in a very bad headspace. 
I thanked my dog and wept as I did so on New Year’s Day.  I’d like to think he understood. 
Cherish these moments for they are fleeting...
<3
It always makes me happy to see older animals getting adopted
Beautiful. 👌
So cute. Hope he lives a good rest of his life!
Orange tabbies are the best!
I LOVE this! Best thing I ever did was adopt my 9 yr old senior cat. I had 6 glorious years with him and the love he gave me was irreplaceable. He unfortunately passed 6 years ago this month, but he got me through the worst part of my 20’s and will always be in my heart. Senior cats are the best ❤️
So sweet 💖
The cat is actually dead
What a beautiful pic and finally the cat has its forever home. You're good peopl❤
I think I'm a cat person now
I love everyone who adopts older kitties. I LOVE YOU ALL!!!
Is that bag from The Islander in Port Aransas, Texas? They have the same bags.
This is the cutest picture I’ve ever seen.
this makes my eyes water
I love love love older cats. They're so sweet, and everyone overlooks them. I got my little man at age 6 and he's been such a positive influence in my life.
Aww ... that’s happiness. Good on you.
Congrats, you created a cat lady.
I never seen a happier kitty
That is one very happy cat.
My wife and I have always had a cat in our house until our last one died 3 years ago. Too painful, we know even at our a advanced age, we will outlive it, so, no more. The house does feel very empty  however.
Awwww. Looks like our old cat Duke.
Do shelter animals feel safe and cozy when adopted or do they tend to stay alienated and not used to being cared for? Do they seem to appreciate being cared for?

asking since every cat I've seen is an asshole :P
People say cats are selfish arseholes, and they are. But every now and again they do need their favourite human for hugs.

Occasionally.

Not just as a precursor to begging for food.
That's absolutely adorable x1000
This is true love!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Awwwww!!!!!!!
My doggo was about a year and was a Doberman, hound, lab, maybe Dane mix so he's a big boy a family with very small children took him back saying he was to rough (he would have been a puppy) an old lady took him and said he was to hyper and put him back he was going to be sent to be put down pretty soon after that till we found him and adopted my stepmom hates him so dose my sister but me and my dad give him as much love as possible he's our major puppy (btw he's 7 or 8 now and his name is major)
My husband and I adopted a cat from petsmart that had been there for a few years in the beginning of our relationship.  We were told he was 8 upon taking him to the vet we learned that he was well over 11 possibly may have been 12 he was a good boy and my then 4 year old adored him. Fast forward 4 years later and he was still a wonderful and amazing cat. Unfortunately our Morris passed away a week before Christmas this year. He was a good boy.
Chicago Shelter Kitties are the best!
Amazing how they bonded so quick.
I have a cat very similiar to yours! But he is only 6 months old lol
11 isn't senior for a cat, that's middle aged.
Orange cat is orange.
You're good people.
i.e. a picture of a girl with a cat. 

With back story - karma heaven.
Orange male cats will cuddle the shit outta you.
looks identical to our jeff i had to double take for a moment.
Aaawww that is so Beautiful
This pic makes my heart happy!!
I think I might be hormonal cuz this brought tears to my eyes <3
This makes me so happy!  Last summer I adopted 2 senior kitties (11 & 12 years old) and they have become the most loving companions too.
When my daughter got her first apartment on her own, the first thing she did after unpacking was to head to the local shelter to adopt an older cat. She picked a 7 year old beautiful boy that she named "Matthew Purry" (she is a big 'Friends' fan). He had been with the same owner for 7 years-a woman who was moving into a facility that didn't accept pets. 

Someone had adopted him a day or two earlier and has already brought him back because he didn't get along with her current cat, so by the time my daughter got him, he was a bit of a nervous wreck, being shuttled around from house to house. He immediately his behind my daughter's clothes dryer for 3 days. 

After the third day, he finally peeked his head out of the laundry room and made his way over to my daughter for some love & attention.  They have been inseparable for the 4 years since.  She is so grateful that she adopted an older cat instead of a young one. Older cats need love too!
sooooo sweet
RIP Mista Whiskers. 25 year old cat 💪
Babies.
beautiful
How sweet,  thank you for adopting an older cat.💖
This is what I envisioned after rescuing a dumped kitten.  Nope, he wants nothing to do with being held or cuddled.  I still love him though.
All is good..
Cats are so adorable. I'm allergic tho. :(
This is purrfect
I’m going to adopt or treat a diabetic cat.
how beautiful could a being be
Is the car still breathing? reminds me of a certain cartoon.
That is so sweet 💜💜💜
Did the kitty enjoy camp?
He's a big boi! The bigger kittie the better!
My cat I raised from a kitten won’t cuddle with me like this.  I have to hold him down
Cute. I wish my kitty hadn't been so outgoing. Literally. But he was born wild and remained so. My mom got an old kitty that appeared from the snow. Obviously someone had taken good care of her. She lived longer. Both have passed. Cat servants are lucky to have their feline masters. Long or short, it's precious. 🙂
Adorable
So cute!!!
Wonderful empathy &JOY  with love
Damn, I didn't notice the word "cat" on the preview and it first was like WTF is this even legal? lmao.
damn anybody cut some onions up?
Aw. Well this is just the most precious.
That's a good looking cat, you got at least another 10 years with him ;)

I need to know his name though, please?! lol
Best thing I’ve seen in a month!! Thank you
One happy cat & camper!
I love this whole story!!!
If I tried hugging my cat like that he would scratch my eyes out thn eat my soul.....He's not exactly what you would describe as "Social."
Awwwwwwwww.....
And suddenly it rains a great rainy rain...
It’s so cool how we can bond with animals
Love the Schnoodle.
I just got back from camp
I needed this after that Netflix documentary
Hope she was flea free.
Beautiful!!!
So precious
My god! This is an amazing thing to do for that cat!  The cat gets a great end of life...
You had me at "adopted an 11 year old cat". RESPECT!
So cute
This looks like love ❤️ so great
We adopted a 8 year old, he's 16 now and has lost a but of weight (went from 18lbs to 11). Foster pets need love.
That is so sweet.
Kudos to you for adopting an older cat. They are so forgotten...deserving of a loving forever home and it looks like that’s just what happened here.
Is he from PAWS in Chicago? I think I have his brother (well, not brother, because mine is 8 yrs old, but maybe they're relatives):

[https://imgur.com/gallery/Mys8jmt](https://imgur.com/gallery/Mys8jmt)
So nice you adopted a senior kitty; he still has lots of love to give.
Awe that’s so sweet.
Kudos to u for getting an older one
Senior cats are amazing!
I adopted a kitten once, he’s now 18.
For some reason, I've only had ginger (all male, bc gingers usually are) cats when I grew up and also through fostering. Roo, Rocket, and Bunny aka Oliver. They've been the most amazing friends and companions. I'm not a ginger myself, but certainly have an affinity for them now. Gingers rock, imo. As with all non-human animals, they give so much love. And thank you for adopting a senior:)
Cute!  I adopted a 11 yr old shelter cat as well. She’s laid back and chill.
Awwww
Gingers tend to have the most lovable purrsonalities!  

Thanks for adopting a senior!!!  They have SO much love to give.
I love a happy new beginning!
Older cats are the best!
How do I like twice
Aww
how long till the comments get locked
I just adopted an 12 year old kitty 4 weeks ago, she does lay next to me, not onto though. Hope we will fall in love like you guys!
Used cats are the best cats!

Kittens, while infinitely cute, are a pain in the rear.
My younger son bonded like this with one of our cats and when he went away to college, the cat was completely bereft.  He missed my son so much.  The first time my son came home, he didn't say anything and he sat next to the cat, and when the cat turned to look at him, he let out a big meow and jumped onto his lap.  He was so happy.  That bond lasts forever.
Looks like mine, also a sweetheart https://i.imgur.com/IFmKamu.jpg
I'm not cry...oh dang, YES I AM!
I'm convinced that orange cats are the best, I've had mine about a year and I love cats now more than I ever did because of him
I really want to adopt a senior animal, but one of my parents are super opposed to the idea ): this is so adorable
Folded in the arms of love.  He looks blissfully happy.  Older kitties rock.
Looks like he won the lottery.😸
Orange tabbies are the BEST! So sweet!!!
meow
My cat is 21 and still living strong
Omg my heart
Wow, 100K UPVOTES?! Teach me your ways master
I have a very similar looking cat from a Chicago shelter. He’s the sweetest. I don’t live there anymore but I’ll have to return to adopt my next kitty. Something about Chicago cats.
Get in my rice bowl
Lovely! On another note, it looks like your daughter's legs have vanished!
I adopted a senior at 17 a couple years ago, and she is the best cat!  She is the healthy, ( just needs a little thyroid pill daily ) and adorable and is now 19 and going strong.
I'm not crying, you're the one that's crying ... shut up ....
Thanks giving him a home and posting! I hope more will follow in your steps and give more adult kitties a chance to show how wonderful kitties are at all ages!
Kawaii
Orange tiger cats are the sweetest! Love this picture!
Orange Tabbies are made for loving.
Instructions incorrect. Read as: adopted an 11 year old from a Chicago shelter. I now have 5 dogs and 2 cats...
My fiancé and I adopted a 13 year old kitty (now 14.5) that we called Eevee. She’s my first cat (not including my fiancé’s cat that he adopted before I met him) and the bond we have developed is so strong. She follows me around, sleeps by me when I work from home, and every morning she wakes up when I walk into the living room runs to me jumps on the couch and falls asleep on my lap. I can’t imagine my life without my precious girl.
Omg ♥️ how cute!
Lucky my tabby weighs luie 40 pounds and can't walk up stairs
That is awesome! They look so content!
This is just the sweetest picture. I’m saving it to my phone for those days when I need something to cheer me up. Thanks for sharing
True love
So drapey.
Awesome picture of bliss.
That is such a great picture for her scrap book..They are adorable.💞💞
This is precious af
Beautiful, just beautiful.  I imagine him purring as they both fell asleep.
Thank you ♡
Wow this is the sweetest and most loving thing I've seen on Reddit all week. Congrats to your family and your daughter and Happy New Years.  💜💙💜💙💜💙
Love. It.
He looks like such a gooood boyyyy
This is the best!  I adopted a 10 y/o last November and she's a constant delight.  Plays like a fiend, has no qualms about letting me know when she wants to eat (or making noise about anything else.  Sassy lady!), LOVESLOVESLOVES attention.  Senior cats are the bestest!
The old lady got lucky. And you've definitely got some karma points
Beautiful
love it!
Thank you for sharing, this is so precious!!!
This made my day!
This is my happy thought for the day.
Great post!!! Needed that.
Omg, too precious!
too. cute. gonna. explode.
It’s a good day for rain
So much love in that picture!
Nichole?
I mean, I would miss my favorite favorite pillow.
Soo sweet
Looks so much like my kitty. 😍
So precious
That's pure love
Orange kitties are the best kitties
What a good boy! We got our cats at 10 1/2 and 11 and they’re the best cats ever. More people should consider adopting senior cats.
He needed her back.
You should send this picture to the shelter you adopted him from. They would love to see this
My cat is 18 and runs around playing every day! 11 is middle age
If this isn’t the cutest thing I’ve ever seen
there is so much love in this image! also, thank you for adopting an elderly cats, not enough people do!
Serious question. Why does this look like 1985? How did you do that?
What a lucky guy!
Which shelter? Was it Treehouse?
As an intellectual redditor, I find I don't have time to stop and look at-

OHHH CUTE KI-KI!
Aww she’s a good human :]
The unconditional love in that pic!!!! We just adopted two shelter kittens. They are the sweetest cats we have ever had.We just lost our Beautiful Orange Tabby named Petunia we miss her so much. How kind of you's to adopt an older kitty. Please do research on Holistic care. There is mounting evidence that over vaccinating our beloved furry friends is killing them in mass numbers.
bad idea to listen to outside by Aaron Lewis and Fred Durst while viewing this, oof, I'm not crying, you are...
That seems like one awesome cat, all the cats I’ve ever known have been assholes
Seem like winter mode is on
That's a good couple right there.
Man that's gonna suck in a few years
Take away the word cat and it becomes very questionable
T. Gondii spreads.
[removed]
[removed]
Oh man, that cat will get his heart broken when she leaves for college in 5 years. When a cat's primary owner leaves, they often stop eating and die of kidney failure. Vets will tell you, don't buy pets for your teenage children, folks.
Better to control such acts, we don't know how allergic pets are. if this habit continues better to check up health of cat and humans associated with the cat.
Does he bite?
That's gross she fell in love with a cat now they're going to have to get married you disgusting little pervert!
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
Ew.  Another orange cat.

Edit: Well? Theyre so common.  And ugly.  They're the rodents of their species.
[removed]
