Cute li'l face hugger.
Is that a sugar glider ?
“Look at me... I’m the captain now”
"yes, yes, now I shall ride you into battle!"
MA, THE FUCKIN' CAT IS BACK
The Neverending stooooooorryyyyyy!


Edit: first silver! Thanks reddit. Falkorrrrrrrrrr!
When you get a nat 20 on animal handling so the dm has to let you succeed no matter how you proceed
What stopped the cat from absolutely killing that poor little thing?
“Shshshshshshshs just let me- it’s really o- would you ju- yessss, this is prefect”
[deleted]
Not sure this is a good thing for the sugar glider
Isn't this the G rated version of what happened in Alien? lol
Thats Sir Lora at his  young days
This just looks like a terrible idea.
Just gonna let that happen huh?
I assure you that little guy was biting the kitten. They don't posture like that and fly at your face because they're happy.
/u/vredditshare

Edit:

>Hi! Unfortunately, I am banned in that subreddit so I couldn't reply to your comment. I was still able to reupload your video though! https://imgur.com/47yKfTv.gifv
Please don't encourage this. Sugar gliders are prey animals and cats have saliva poisonous to them.
Cat saliva is lethal to sugar gliders
MA! 
[That fucking cat is back!!!](https://youtu.be/UuC-y-SYqi8)
The one that looks like it’s fucking wearing makeup!
Aww? This is fucking sad
That's a badass cat tamer
ONWARD NOBLE STEED!
Sir Lora?
For anyone thinking of getting a sugar glider: don't.

Source: had two when I was a kid.
oh my god i uses to have sugar gliders and i would be way too scared to let them do some shit like that
This post gave me a Half Life headcrab feeling. Cute though.
Onward Battle Kitten!! To glory!!
Oh no, a caragor!
r/WhatTheFuckGetItOffMe
fuck whoever let this happen and fuck the op
More like avatar and getting an ikran.
Sugar Glider?
Not squirrel's  first rodeo.
THAT BACK TAKE WAS IN-CRED-IBUL, MIKE
[removed]
u/suddenmanhattan

Snef needs a buddy!
Cat cavalry
“Sugar glider rip off dr.Strange.”
"...and that's how squirrels won the wild west."
I have no proof of this but I am pretty sure this is a survival tactic. I've seen this in a couple videos.

I mean it can't eat you if you're sitting on it's neck.
"...and that's how squirrels won the wild west."
The fremen refer to them as Shai-Hulud, and riding the great sandworms takes some practice.
man I hope that little guy doesn't try jumping on any grown cats like that.
Poor Kitty🤭
Catatouille
*hiya* NOW RIDE,  MY NOBLE STEED!
Looks like a huge parasite attached itself to the cat. D:
when a night elf hits lvl 20
Run Shadowfax, Show us the Meaning of Haste!
Onward Battle Kitten!! To glory!!
This sucks. Poor little thing should be in the wild with it's family, not bring terrified by a cat. Very sad
Pioneers used to ride these babies for miles
"Onward my steed"
MA! That weird cat is back!
beastmaster! i really like how the sugar glider adjusts itself when it have its arms open
YEE HAW
I was having  a not so good start to my morning and this made it better.... Thank you.
*laugh in Facehugger*
When Rengar players first seen Yuumi in their team
"Ride, My Noble Catto."
u/vredditshare
"To battle!"
Facehugger neutral good version.
This is an avengers level threat
u/vredditdownloader
(sigh) This is my life now.
I thought it was a fabric possum on a string
[“Revived Power”](https://youtu.be/dVNcmGjNW6c) intensifies
Gettung some Monsterhunter Vibes here
Looks more like how to train your dragon
The new Alien movie looks good
u/vredditdownloader
Onward mighty steed!
My cat did not appreciate a 200lb man on his back/head
This is some fucking pixar level shit going on here
This is my life now.
Alien V
Giddy-up
This cat has now bonded with you. Put your saddle on it to make it your main cat.
This is great but that lil thing is lucky thats not an adult cat they can be ruthless
HAVE AT YOU!
When you dominate the graug in Shadow of Mordor
Omg it's happening in real life
Broke him like a wild horse
"Yeep yeep Apa!"
ITS THE UGGLY CAT WHEN IT WAS YOUNGER
u/vredditdownloader
oh god yes i needed that laugh
Like that scene in Avatar
This is the most amazing thing I have ever seen 🤩
Headcrab!
Oh Lamar, so good to see you again!
Now I know. Next time I'm at the zoo I'll just jump into a lions face and hang there for a bit so he'll let me ride on his back.
Assuming direct control.
The scene from Avatar, when they link together.
We ride at dawn bitches!
That squirrel probably has some skin parasites, fleas, etc that have now moved to the cat.
Does this work with kids? Asking for a friend.
Work it nag! 🐎
Meowster Hunter.
That’s a face hugger from the Alien movie!
Ok buddy
His little open-armed dance made me giggle.
Brb going to try this
It's  my life!
You have successfully broken your steed.
That kitten looks like... Grandma! The fuckin' thing.
OH GOD IT'S A FACE HUGGER LIKE IN ALIENS EXCEPT IT'S CUTE AND oh ok it's just hugging me, well, I got to go over here now so
Jeeez.. violent lol
Arise! Arise riders of Theodin!
I'm gonna take ma' horse...
awww it's like that part in Avatar where he rides the pteradactyl
The spice must flow.
That sugar glider was like a face hugger.
u/vredditdownloader
Shadow of the Colossus
The new HTTYD reboot looks pretty cool.
Hot damn that’s cute
The white Arabian in RDR2
u/Vredditdownloader
Imagine if an animal 1/4 your side jumped on your face. I don't think I'd be as calm as this cat.
Lmao, from facehugger to lone ranger in 12 seconds.
Tsahaylu Jake!
Look at me, this is my cat now
And then they ride off into the sunset
That went from”Aarrrgghh” to “Aaawwww” really quickly.
He's ready for WWIII
u/vredditdownloader
Half life 4
How to train a cat
I remember this stage with my cat.  Man are her claws sharp.
That was a bold strategy, Cotton! It seems it paid off for him!
This is what it's like when you are paired off with a guy twice your size in a BJJ class.
poor little kitten 😂😂
I would never have thought to mount a horse that way.
That went from "Alien" to "Milo and Otis" in about 11 seconds
MMA rodent.  Took the back
This isn’t minecraft
Just needs a Randy Newman song playing in the background.  [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DNZUKm0ApEM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DNZUKm0ApEM)
Is that a squirrel?? LOL
When your pets watch too much sci-fi
I just tried this on my cat and I now have 2 less fingers.
Awww
Now they are best buddies for life. We as a society of diversity need to pay attention.
Dragons Dogmas looking good
This is how we ride into WWIII
You're a mandalorian!
A flying squirrel wrestling a kitten. This is exactly why I come to Reddit.
Can't tell if fighting or playing  
Edit: looks like little one is using their baby instincts.
How to train your dragon: cat edition
Reminded me of Avatar.
Me in Red Dead Redemption 2 taming the silver Arabian
Or maybe... How to hitch a ride...?
Clutch Claw
Any chance this is [toxoplasmosis ](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toxoplasmosis)?
Is this the sequel to The Last Guardian?
SUFFER ME NOW!
Full straddle
Better than the Cats movie
Alternate version of Stuart Little
😍best buds
Connect to the port!
I gotta try this
 Usul has called a big one! Again, it is the legend.
Momotaro !
#TORUK MAKTO
how to train your cat - squirrel version
It’s exactly like that one scene in Avatar
"This ain't my first rodeo"
My cat would have a heart attack
Quercus_irl
This is cute
*you have unlocked a new mount*
That's some Avatar shit right here
Did I just witness a sugar glider riding a cat?
We ride!
Cat saliva isn't particularly safe for gliders to be around. :(
"How to train your cat"
Oof when is the sequel
That’s so metal.
Now I know why my cat likes being the smollest thing
So cute
Do they live together? How can I see more of this!
This battle was legendary
u/vredditdownloader
"Who run Bartertown?"
"Master Blaster runs Bartertown!"
just like avatar
This is not the Ratatouille I was expecting.
Hahaha that's so cute
Sugar gliders are to cute!(:
MA there's a weird fooken cat out here, looks like grandma the fooken thing
Catatouille
“Go forth wildebeest!”
Ride em cowboy
First ninja squirrel
When i see a lion ill try that
ONWARDS GLORIOUS STEED
Isn’t that how that avatar movie went?
/u/vredditdownloader
I don't know why but Jurrasic Park music came to mind.
u/vredditdownloader
Choosing his Ikran.
Welp. This is my life now.
The new mod of Shadow of the Colossus look neat.
"GIVE ME YOUR FACE!"
Now we ride for Gondor!
Ah, it's [Sir Lora](https://divinityoriginalsin2.wiki.fextralife.com/file/Divinity-Original-Sin-2/sir-lora-gallery-npc-divinity2-wiki-guide.jpg)
“Onward my steed!”
Tammybennet
Is this the new middle earth game?
Reminds me of that scene in Avatar when the guy tries to link up with his dragon for the first time
That gives me Middle Earth game vibes....
That went from r/wtf to r/funny to r/aww in about 5 seconds, with a sprinkling of r/donthelpjustfilm throughout for good measure...
Cat's just like "ugh fine...whatever..."
dovahkiin has arrived.
Give in to da cuddles large beast!
[OH YEAHHH](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CzEW4h8YXfg&feature=share)
Sugar gliders have such sharp claws though. That's gotta hurt.
Next time I'm face to face with a tiger, I know what I'm doing.
/u/vredditshare
u/vredditshare
Taming skills maxed.
r/thisismylifemeow
*mount successful*
Go pokeball!
r/animalsbeingjerks
This is how the Comanche broke horses back in the day
We used to ride those for miles
/r/Whatthefuckgetitoffme
That’s funny
someone overlay the shadow of the colossus music over this
Top stupendi
RIDE NOW! RIDEEEE NOWWWWW!!!
u/vredditdownloader
*upbeat fanfare plays*
/u/vredditshare
Haha!
Definitely interesting .
u/vredditdownloader
The Claw!
cute little ninja jump
Onward my trusty steed!
*train your cat
Ha,,ha
Class
Kitty's eyeliner game is on point.
Kitten gave up and was like “ok I live with this thing on my back now.”
Nawwwwwwwwww!! This is proper heart melty shizzzzz right there 🥰💓
r/awwtf
Someone needs to slow this down and add some shadow of the colossus music
Cat: WRONG KIND OF BOOP
In the faaaaaaace!
The special effects in Alien 5 really suck. Worst trailer ever.
I'm tired of your grumpy cattitude! I'll choke you out! Crap...
Legend has it he's still riding that cat to this day
Flight of passage... complete
lol face jump is horrifying!
Grab the face then hop on the back
u/vredditdownloader
This belongs in r/natureismetal
I’m too stoned for this ...
eww get that thing off it
"How To Train Your Cat 2" coming soon 12 September
Onward Buttercup! Yah!
Watch out for those headhumpers, Gordon!
Pulled an aku aku
Yah, mule!
r/thisismylifenow
Sugar Rider
Ain't a steer in the West that Nibbles can't break.
What breed is that
Sir Lora & Querces
Taming horses in ARK: Survival Evolved be like
We need this animal in the Middle East so much. There are too many people need to be tamed.
😾
Dreamworks: “ We’re listening? Go on.”
Disney’s *Alien*
I did this to a wrestler once...
Someone put a cowboy hat on that squirrel.
Onward buttercup!
I, for one, welcome our new sugar glider overlords.
Awww. He needs a little cowboy hat.  Cat rangler!
"Get to the chopper!"
It looks like that thing is biting the cat
Why isn't that stupid cat bucking!
u/vredditdownloader
🤣🤣
The kitty so cool about it
The new alien movie looks dope. Hope it'll be better then covenant.
This is how we tamed horses. Theyre learning...
That's one fluffy headcrab
OMGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
MAAAAAA!!!
THERES A WEIRD LOOKIN FUCKIN' CAT OUTSIDE!
I want to kick that little shit out of the cat. Give him some space you fucker
Looks like this sugar glider has seen the movie Avatar
Adorable but how is the kitten so calm?!
We need a bigger patio.
navy squirrel
Cue "Shadow of the Colossus" music
Lmao, cute lil sugarbaby.  His face-leap reminded me of the facehuggers from the *Alien* franchise.
All I can think of is rabies rabies rabies.
Reminds me of appa and momo from avatar
The scene from avatar where they get their ikrans
How to make the best out of a bad situation.
”Say uncle!”
Why do i have xenomorph flashbacks?
Hey Moooooom. Something is on the fucking cats face! Maooooom!
Great sugar glider detective!
Do people have sugar gliders as pets?  We don’t in the USA.  I assumed it was wild because it was outside.  I’d think even if people had them for pets they would be inside animals because you know wouldn’t they run away and get lost.
Thats kind of like breaking horse, but way more creative. lol
Whoa boah, you're alright boah.
Catatouille
That's basically how you play Shadow of the Colosus..
Is this half life alyx?
Small animals riding other small animals is the best!
Mounting tactics for the new Monster Hunter looking super realistic. ;-)
Cute, but reminds me of when an insect crawled up on my chameleon and ate it's brains out.
It didn't work when I did it
Facehuggers have changed
r/donthelpjustfilm
So Ratatouille was a documentary?
When I haven’t seen my bed since 7am
Face hugging gone right
Lololololol
Anyone else think of Avatar when they saw this?
Gotta use the lasso
Cue the music of the shadow of colossus
I like to move it move it.
Oh my god they're so cute!!!!
Its like when Jake sully connects with his Avatar pterrordactly thingy
Ratatouille
To battle, my loyal steed!
TO BATTLE TRUSTY STEED!!!!
YOU HAVE AN ENEMY PILOT ON YOUR TITAN
I want them
SUBMIT TO THE BRIGHT LORD
Me trying to get a new horse in Breath of the Wild
Its like "Come at me bro"
"Onward, Quercus, the knights of drey await and we have our trusty shield to protect us"
Alright,you got me imma join
Holy crap it's a furry facehugger!
The chilliest cat
The Steve Irwin of what ever flying squirrel species that fuzz ball belongs to.
“Watch for the head humpers Gordon!
Falcor!
r/hitmanimals
Battle cat
Man the beginning was straight from an Alien movie
He’s now in command of one of the deadliest predators in an urban environment.  Great choice.
Sir Lora and Quercus after the world is saved from the great acorn
I guarantee that sugar glider has already peed on that kitten.
> "COME AT ME BRO!"
Congrats you Conquered Cat!
u/vredditdownloader
If this isn't Shadow of the Colossus I don't know what it is.
Sugar glider imprinted on kitty cat
*HEADCRAB ALERT*
r/vredditdownloader
Poor sugar glider!
They are bros... The sugar glider is grooming him.
This is just one of the takes from Avatar when Jake is taming one of the creatures they use to fly.
How the first Indians learned to ride horses lol
/u/vredditshare
I'll take one of each pls
That is such cuteness
r/Avatar
Onward, Quercus!
Omg this totally reminded me of a nightmare I had as a child. There was this gremlin-goblin type thing that grew out of my back/neck area and would control me by telling me which way to walk and what to do, and if I didn’t obey it, it would sink it’s sharp teeth into the back of my head. Dreams are weird. If it has been a sugar glider, it would’ve been much more pleasant.
Ratatouille?
A film by Ridley Scott
That rodden has seen James Cameron's Avatar one too many times.
Hyo Silver!
My sugar gliders tried this with my dog, he was much less impressed.
They should just give that lil guy a facehugger suit and toss out the cgi in the next alien movies
Falcor and the Never Ending Story
r/donthelpjustfilm
Everyone knows animals are tamed by knocking them out and shoving food into them. Then you just gotta keep feeding them narcotics so they don’t wake up till they’re tamed.
r/nonononoyes
Dude nailed the QTE
Yes it’s tame.
Parasite
Possessed
Brave cat owner
/r/Thisismylifemeow
“I’m Squirrel Rick!!”
TIL about the inspiration for How To Train Your Dragon.
Missed out on the title:    

*How to Train your Kitten*
Getting some Monster Hunter vibes here.
This is incredible
*Shadow of the Colossus - 2020*
Mozzie buff confirmed?
Fucking Headcraps, that poor cat will turn into an alieen very soon my fellas
Make the bond!
Not gonna lie, they had us in the first half
Shadow of the Catlossus
u/vredditdownloader
wazaaaaaaaa
Looks like the cutest headcrab
Hi, I'm Johnny Knoxville, and this is Jackass.
Glider don’t take no shit
Fluffy exnomorph
Is this not exactly the scene from Avatar!?
That's entirely too cute. Too cute. Probably illegal, it's so cute.
[deleted]
This looks like some Shadow of War shit.
Animals are so weird. I'm gonna die, he got me, I'm dying! Oh, never mind. Let's just walk over here then.
Shadow of the colossus
All I could think of is "Look at me, I'm the Captain now!"
Shadow of the catlossus
u/Vredditdownloader
ONWARD NOBLE STEED!!
Imma wrangle me one of dos der giant furry felines
Solid  advice. Will try it on the next lion I see.
That is glorious
Damn, these leaked scenes from Avatar 2 are amazing.
r/nononoyesbutno
Dragons dogma feels
Why glide when you can ride?
Alien- 1979
Director: Ridley Scott
Ride'm bronco!
Lol that's funny and cute
this monster hunter world expansion looks dope
“OH SHIT GET IT OFF OF ME OH SHIT OH FUCK actually I’m on with this” -Cat, 2020
This is the idea behind Crash Bandicoot
Mastery skills
It totally went full Avatar dragon training on the cat
I've had a suger glider can 100% confirm they can be vicious. Plus they fly
"AH SHIT FUCK NO, GET THIS THINGGggg... Ohhhh this ain't half bad."
That little cat just got face hugged and now it's under full mind control of the little vermin until the egg that's been implanted in it can reaches maturity and implodes it from the inside.
He ride that cat like in avatar
Sir Lora tames Quercus.
Comment 1000
Momo ?
Hiyo Silver!
This gave me that Randy Marsh "Come at me bro" vibes.
I now know what to do when I face a tiger.
“How two dudes become friends for life”.
Omg I almost died of cuteness
u/vredditshare
je suis monte!
Now listen here! I've got a long way to go and you're gonna take me there. Now git!
The video that keeps on giving
Je suis monte
ARK 101?
That's legit something out the movie, the squirrel is the human and the cat is the best or dragon,
“Hmm? Oh what’s this littl- AH OHMMGMMMGMGM HMM MHMGGM-....”

“Where is your destination master.”
How to tame a mount in mmorpgs.
u/vredditdownloader
How To Train Your Kitten
Doctor who:  mind suckers
Ummn...  now I want to do this in r/botw
That strange squirrel/chipmunk creature has got some first class bronco busting skills right there partners.
Yippee ki yay motherfucker.
u/vredditdownloader
Oh fuck it's a IRL headcrab
😍😁
“The pioneers would ride on these babies for MILES!”
it has to choose you
Listen, we all know this is dangerous and not a cordial interaction.  But let us enjoy our imaginations damnit.  Look at what sub you're in.
u/vredditdownloader
The new headcrab model looks strange.
How to train your catton
Cosito de azúcar
Alien
"I see you...."  --from the film Acatar--
My cats are just itching for a chance to get that close to a chipmunk.  I don't let them out though.
How to saddle break a cat.
What cat breed is this? I love it!
u/vredditdownloader
.. No word just cool little dudes hey. Both of them are sooo cool.
This is like alien
Thats some alien shit right there
Damn, right for the face!
u/VredditDownloader
[https://media.giphy.com/media/mx9fVEF08tyne/giphy.gif](https://media.giphy.com/media/mx9fVEF08tyne/giphy.gif)
That cat won't be able to show his face around the other cats now
That squirrel humped dat cats brains out
How in the world is this video real????
https://youtu.be/TX0nRijbhtU
What is the little animal?
Definitely a r/breath_of_the_wild moment!
u/vredditshare
Hi ho silver ! Away !
[Hold your paws up to the light to expose the enemies weak spot.](https://youtu.be/sr2nK06zZkg)
I guess this is my life now
HYAAAAAAAAHH!
/u/VredditDownloader
Onward to battle
u/vredditdonwloader
Chris Catt
That is the most adorable thing I've seen all year!
Just like the Mandalorian!
Me using the Insect Glaive on Monster Hunter like:
This little guy really knows how to break in a cat
Run Shadowfax. Show us the meaning of haste!
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditshare
/u/vredditshare
This reminds the time obi wan did the same to a space rhino in attack of the clones
It's super effective!
That’s some Avatar kinda shit yo
Looking good Mando!
First I was all: oh no!

Then I was all like: aww
Fuckin Dragon's Dogma up in this
Deadspace irl
Yipp yipp
Yehaw. Onwards
u/vredditshare
I tried jumped on my cats face like this but it didn't work!!! ^/s
My heart is melting.
"Make haste, Quercus!"
FaceTime 2
The graphics of these new Pokemon games is really top notch.
2 stamina wheels
Whaat kind of ignorant person sees it jump on the cat's fsce and just keeps filming?
#[IM THE CAPTAIN NOW.](https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/770525868200849661/010D9B4E0037AB881F299D89AEB7E982973F672F/)
Wait, this really happened? Amazing
Mount Unlocked!
-Taming the Arabian in RDR2
It’s Baby Appa and Momo
Shadow of the Colossus, 2020 PS4 Remaster
Agro!
ONWARD STEED!
My life is complete. Now i can die happy..
That's some high level Avatar training!!!
toruk makto
BOOM right in the kisser!
This is essentially what we did with horses
I think the cat's more like "I don't mind you hitching a ride, just get off my damn face!!!"
Good boah
Reminds me of the headcrabs from Half Life
"Now *CHARGE* my trusty steed!"
this really looks like that scene from avatar when the white boy tames the dragon
Those two creatures are c-cute...

Can i have my free karma now?
"MA! THAT WEIRD FUCKIN CAT IS BACK! THEY GOT A FUCKIN SQUIRREL WITH THEM!"
Ma! MAAAA! Put the dogs in the house! That weird fuckin’ cat is back! The one that looks like it’s wearing makeup and has the fuckin’ squirrel thing on its back!
I shall call him Bucephalus.
What breed is this cat? Anyone know?
Holy Shit, this the best thing I've seen in months. I need more.
*I said EASY, BIG FELLA!*
Taming lvl:100
Cats are weird about having something on their backs. Mines walked like this when I put a harness on her, as if someone was pressing down on her.
I need a narration for this in morgan freemans voice
To battle!
Why couldn't this video be longer .. so cute..
Little dude better not go into cat politics. They can never be cat president, now. 

Maybe times will change by then.
The way the sugar glider is sizing him up with its little arms is too much!! Lmao!!
What is this facehugger like creature
