A malamute. They love to roam and they love people nearby. They were bred to pull sleds and be independent minded enough to not go blindly into a crevasse. That independent mind isn't always inclined to obey and they will backtalk which some mistake for lack of intelligence. They also have no problem being derps of the highest order.
Wow! Details please!
So awesome. I pet-sat for a friend once, and after taking the pup on a number of walks around the neighborhood, decided to let the dog take me on a walk one day. Immediately, we're going up steep streets, for blocks. I'm like wtf do you want to go for a climb for? Half a dozen blocks uphill later.....dog park.
That wasn't an Air BNB that was a portal to a quest realm.
I had a similar experience with an Air BnB host dog in Pennsylvania. The dog followed us everywhere and guided us to the local pond that we got clearance to swim in. I pushed myself swimming across the pond and triggered what I think was an onset asthma attack. I started panicking but suddenly the dog was under me and I found my second wind. I really do think that dog saved my life since my fiance can't swim and could only watch. It's almost as if they're there to make sure the guests don't die or get lost. Wonderful creatures.
[deleted]
r/dogswithjobs
Growing up my siblings and I had a cat that would lead us home if we got lost in the woods. He would follow us out into woods staying by our sides. When we were ready to go home we would just just tell him "okay time to go home" and he would turn around and start leading us. Always looking back to make sure we were following of course.
The host dog at my Airbnb is a Great Dane named Sid who’s taller than I am. He likes to stand in front of our door and howl at whoever opens it. It scares the absolute shit out of me every time and I love him
This is how I hope it goes when you die.
"And here is where I shit, notice it is no where near where I eat.....unlike some animals, but I digress. Want to see the waterfall now?"
I stayed at an air bnb that had several rooms built out in the back of the house and there were a few dogs roaming around. I left my door open and one of them just came in and started rolling around and being all cute and friendly. He didn’t show me any waterfalls or anything, but he did make me smile.
Oh my God, this is the best thing ever.
Can I ask you to PM me the Airbnb link ? I definitely want to plan vacations there before heaven calls for this angel
My vacation? Oh, just a dog that would show up daily and take us on adventures. No big deal...
Do all Air BnBs have host animals? Because it seems to be common thing given what people post here.
My father passed away very suddenly in 2013. I'd grown up with my dad in Eastern Kentucky, and had gone back for a while to take care of his estate. One day, a couple of months after he'd passed, I was feeling very emotionally overwhelmed. My father and I were very close, and losing him was extremely devastating for me. Kind of on a whim, I decided to go on a hike. There was a beautiful place that we'd gone hiking together when I was younger, and that was where I decided to go.      


It was early morning when I pulled into the empty parking lot for the trails. It was sort of chilly, and I debated waiting for a bit, or not going at all. As I was sitting in my car, weighing my options, a dog came galloping across the parking lot, tail wagging and tongue out. She was a beautiful black and white border collie mix, and it almost seemed like she was saying "What took you so long?! Let's get going!" I got out of the car. I scratched her chin and rubbed her head for a while, then took off for the start of the trail - and she followed me.      

    


I started hiking along the trail, and she stayed by my side, occasionally veering off to sniff a tree or patch of moss, but she never strayed more than a few feet. I talked to her a little: "Where'd you come from?" and "You have beautiful fur!" and "See that squirrel?"       

... and "Me and my dad used to come here."        
.... and "Man, I miss him so much."       




She stayed with me every single step of the way.             


The trail I took ended on a large, flat, rocky outcropping, with a breathtaking view of a large valley. I sat down beside the dog and thanked her for walking with me. I decided that I wanted to call her owners, to let them know that their dog provided some much-needed companionship to me when I was in a very dark place emotionally, and that I really appreciated her company.      



I checked her collar, and next to her rabies vaccination and registration tags, I found a tag that said this:      

MY NAME IS TILLIE       
I AM NOT A STRAY       
I LIVE NEXT DOOR       
LET'S GO FOR A HIKE        



I'm not sure why, but seeing that made me start crying. I just sat there on that rock and cried for a good 5 minutes while sweet, patient Tillie sat next to me. After I was done, I gave her a little hug, stood up, and started working my way down the trail. Once again, she stayed by my side.              


It was later in the morning by the time we got toward the bottom of the trail, and more people had started to show up. We met a family near the trailhead, and Tillie took off toward them. I watched for a few minutes as she began to hike with them up the trail, then went to my car and drove back home.       



It turns out [she was a well known figure on those hiking trails.](https://libraryguides.berea.edu/tillietheindianforthikingdog) She would hike with people daily.      

Tillie passed away in July of 2013. I will always, always remember and be grateful for that morning I spent hiking with her.
God please don’t give all of these people the link. Dog doesn’t deserve that
Air BnGB (Bed n Good Boi)
Pic of waterfall missing
Op that’s your tour guide you must pay him in pets.
Add me to the PM list!
Did they tell you he would lead you around,  or did you just follow him because he looked like he knew stuff?
Were you able to complete the quest he was guiding you to?
"Hey you wanna see some shit?"
Stayed at an Airbnb in Tulum with a dog that was born there in the jungle. Went on a hike through the jungle with him at sunset after arrival, he scared a puma out of the bushes and chased it down the trail. It was surreal.
So precious! I followed a random stray dog when I was Istanbul once. It kept stopping and waiting for me (even when I popped in to a money changer), and somehow it even led me to the street I was searching for. Awesome experience :D
So the bottom picture is your dog on a leash following the host dog? That's the floofy dog's booty?
Hello humans I will guide the tour today, but I need payment in treats and pets. Preferably both.
The Airbnb where the dog walks *you*.
My Air BNB had a Ghost Dog. Basically the same thing but it was Forrest Whitaker.
Concierge boi. Good doggo. 
Stayed near Charleston with a cat that did the same. 😀
I think you just took him for a walk without even knowing.
[deleted]
/r/dogswithjobs
Thanks for sharing this right now. 

I needed it. With all that's in the news, I need something to make me smile. 

Thank you! Hope you had an amazing time!!
I know a side quest when I see one.
I'm not a fan of the cold but I would definitely book that air bnb just for that dog!
Now that's customer service
I love that you just followed <3
I don’t trust people enough to leave my dog alone there.
best host ever.
It makes me happy to think of how happy that dog must be.
Somebody needs to get some clearance to share the link to this spot.
omg, that son of a bitch took YOU for a walk.
So this host airbnb dog lives with his owner on the property because it’s a huge property.

But what about these other Airbnb places that have a dog or cat? Are they also there because they live nearby or do they really stay in that particular Airbnb.

And if they do, who’s feeding them? Are there Airbnbs that expect the guest to help take care of them?
Your host is an Animagus.
It takes a dark turn when the dog leads you to a dead body
[deleted]
What the fuck is that creature walking just behind the dog in the bottom pic?
That is the best perk ever!
A true good boi 🤗❤
Good boi
10/10 

G o o d b o i
u/peacock419
Ooof, my ❤️
He must be the number one super host on the app! 😍
"C'mon, biped. It's time for your walk."
Good boi
With so many people asking for the link to the AirBnB, this could be the start of a Black Mirror episode.
He looks like a very good boy, who is also soft and fluffy.
Goodest boi 11/10
/r/DogsWithJobs
There's no way you just saw the dog and started following it. You obviously were headed there
How do I sign up for *this* Airbnb experience?
I stayed at a lodge in Tayrona, Colombia. There were 2 sets of stairs going in different directions, one of which lead to the beach. I wanted to walk to the beach and apparently took the wrong set of stairs. The host dog kept blocking my way and running back up the stairs and barking. Thanks to him I got to the beach that day.
Link to Airbnb please and thanks
Please can you tell the location of the Airbnb?
"Hey it's time to go!"
Where was the Airbnb would be a great place to stay
Who could ask for a better boy 😁
So he's the official tour dog. He has his own route and everything. That's so adorable. You should include that on your review. People would love a dog led tour of the grounds.
*“...wanna go see a dead body?”*
Where is this gorgeous place?
Five stars
I would follow this dog anywhere
u/Pat_Charlie33 just reposted this as his own content, the dirty liar.
Id give anything for a dog to lead me on a random quest like that ❤
I know everyone has asked but if possible could you post the general location? If also possible I'd love a link, idc about price this is beautiful.
The AirBnB came with a spirit guide dog...

That's not something you see on a normal amenities list.
Awesome
🤗
This is the BEST!!!!

I'd love to stay there!!!!
Honestly just mad there’s no link
This has honestly made me happy! He’s a working dog who doesn’t need to work- he found his own way to be useful and entertain himself!

I hope he got a tip at the end lol
Heaven!
Beautiful
Best thing I’ve seen on Reddit today 🙌🏻
Sounds like a good way to get lost in the woods.
OMG. I LOVE HIMS!
That's when the wolves break in and take all the snacks.
This is exactly like in breath of the wind and you befriends a dog
Jealous
Adorable!
Remember to tip this good tourboi would you? ;)
Incredible dog truly a man's best friend
How do you train a dog to do that?
HOSTBOI!
Awwwww! What a sweety petey!
Now that's something trivago cannot provide us
In Sint Maarten there is a dog who will take you on a tour of some seaside pools if you bring her food.
What a gubboi ♥️♥️
Lay off the peyote ppl
r/dogswithjobs
me too!
Does she live somewhere on the property as well?—where he would return.  Or, is he part of the agreement to stay and he comes home to the house you rent, where you leave out food and water for him?
aka a dog going on a walk.
Good boy
r/dogswithjobs
That's wonderful.  
  
Also sounds like something you'd encounter in a fantasy/adventure game.
That dog is living the life of a king
Adventure boye
Omg I love him
Good dog.
So you're saying this dog had a side quest? Awesome!
There is a Airbnb in grand junction Colorado on the colorado river with a horse that will guide you to the river. Probably the best bnb I've ever been too
This is fantastic
Alternate Title: OP Followed a dog around all day.
How whimsical!
Are you sure it's a dog and not Boston robotics AI being?
Oh, i played this game. If you feed him 3 or 4 times, he will lead you to buried treasure. 

But you'll need magnesis to un-bury it.
Prepare for the wait list.
r/dogswithjobs
*neighbourhood wolf collects unsuspecting takeaway meal for pack*
I'm just afraid that at some point one of the guests at that air bnb will do something bad to the dog
I was way more amazed when I thought it said "ghost dog".
He had a quest for you.
In a town in Costa Rica there was a huge dog like that and it would lead you to a waterfall where it enjoyed cooling off and then it would lead you back to town.
This is the hero of r/dogswithjobs
We stayed at an AirBnB on Vashon Island right outside Seattle. Same thing!! A dog named Cooper. He was 12 and now an “outside dog”.
Almost like the dog outside of Falkreath in Skyrim. He had a quest for you.
This is pure magic. I need to know where this is
That sounds like a video game, welcome to Air BNB: next task, go to the door and meet the fluffy. Fluffy takes you anywhere you need to go and some special places if you get lucky!
10/10 legendary good boye
Goodest boy
Is that in the desc for the place??
my best friend's family in elementary school had a pair of the great animals.  They were like gentile giants.   We could try to ride them like horses, and they would just sit on their butts and wait for us to stop being jerks.
Uh so did he do his job correctly and take you to the waterfall or what?
5 Stars
11/10 but I’m afraid my boys would be jealous
*the best boy of them all*
A dog with a job is a happy dog.
Where is this Air BNB? I want to go to there.
20/20
Seems like a small malmute. My neighbour had a mutant one, broke 240lbs. Was a gentle giant though, unless you were a wolf.
Such a beautiful boy! He reminds me of my Ozzy RIP.
That's awesome! Would you happen to have a link to that air bnb you could PM me?
That’s awesome,
we do not deserve him
The bestest boi
Doggo: "Will you take me walkies ?"
FLOOF :D
That's no malamute. The ones I've seen are like ponies.
I’ve stayed at a campsite type thingy with small cabins and prospector tents you can rent for the weekend. It’s beautiful and owned by a family. The cabins and tent are all near each other therefore you don’t feel alone. There is a small park, a dock you can jump off of because the water is so deep. It’s connected to a lake and you can use his canoes and paddle boards for free and it’s honestly beautiful. 

Now getting to the point his dogs will take you up the trail to a beautiful waterfall and lead you back after splashing in it. It’s darn cute!
They better be payin that fool!!
I stayed at an Airbnb in Philly with a little Pomeranian that cuddled with everybody. Best 2 nights ever.
So basically Togo
What a fucking good boi
This is amazing!
Talk about a guide dog
You are roaming too far from quest pup, return to quest pup.
I am in serious need of a dog tour guide in my life, not to mention an artistic getaway. How can I find this place to book a stay?
r/dogswithjobs
wow
Where is this Airbnb?!?!
Brb buying 10 acres of land
I want to be there.
The Omar scene was my favorite.

https://youtu.be/O2n4PYVKY5k?t=217
r/dogswithjobs
He's so hecking cute!
Just watch out for poison oak!  There was an amazing dog in Ojai CA that lived up in Matilija canyon.  Buddy took us up to the falls and stayed with us overnight like a champ.  We gave him all kinds of lovezzz but then the next day I had terrible poison oak!!
I would love to know the Airbnb link so I could experience this too!! 😍
I am staying at has a host dog
Where is this? I want to stay there
Dose he get paid for it???
10/10 good boy!
Can you please share the area so we can find the Airbnb? :(
Love the Schnoodle!!
I need a travelboy in my airbnbs too
That's one hella adorable Doggo. Good boy.
Don’t woof
r/dogswithjobs
r/dogswithjobs
Where is this?
u/pbandKxx  Can you Pm me the address i wanna go on my honeymoon there!!
What air bnb is this I have to know right now
Where?
WHERE?
Where i need to go
How the tables have turn tables

Dog walk you
Where is this??  I must visit.
Oh my gosh that's a gorgeous floofball
6 stars
Place name??
He's your spirit guide
Looks just like my dog! Crazy
A smart dog, and what i loved them the most is for being loyal.
Where is this airbnb and how long is the wait list to stay there?
We do not deserve air bnb dogs.
Hope you got him some munch for his troubles. What a good fluff butt
He actually owns the place.
Where is this AirBnB? I want to meet the dogger 😭
I met a sweet, Italian Air B&B dachshund who did this. His name was Peepo, and he took me on a hike up a mountain road and into a small village. I think of him.
Dude that looks like my dog
I want to stay there :)
Where abouts is this? I'd love to go.
Couple questions:

Where is this air bnb? You said mountains, but somewhere in the US or elsewhere?

How long did the round trip tour take with the doggo and what is their name? ❤️
>Come humans, it is time for your walk.

-- The Malamute
Ok I’m late to this tread, but did anyone get the link? If so can you please DM me the details as well. Thanks!
Running Wolf The Brave
Based bubs
"I have a quest for you"
So the dog takes *you* for a walk.
Looks just like my pup!
five stars great host best boy
Now that's the definition of a good boy
I see you honored the traditional tipping practice of head scratches. It's an accepted form of payment.
Where is this BNB? Imma book it rn!
The bottom photo looks like it got nailed in the face with a snowball.
Okay, but can we comment and admire the photo quality here?? My heart... I wish I could take photos this good 💜
Malamutes are beautiful. I don’t have one myself but i’ve heard that they like to run away from home because they love the wild and to roam, They’re also very affectionate which is funny considering they run away sometimes haha
Yes can we please have a link to this place??
I would love that 😍😍😍😍😍 #lucky you!
Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat?
How magical. Kind of makes me sad for all the malamutes and huskys that're cooped up in a house, many of which barely ever get a chance to go off lead, given that they have notoriously bad recall.
"I'm going for a walk, do you want to come new foster humans?"
That place is about to get BOMBARDED with requests.
Anyone know what area this is?
This post and dog is beautiful, but I just wanna know what sort of puppy pic I need to post for 80K likes.
What a character :D
A hotel i was staying at feb of last year had the most usless huskie guard dog as when we came clise it just asked for belly rubs
Id be too scared the dog would get lost that one time when im there and i would live with guilt for the rest of my life
Where?!
I frickin love dogs
where is this?? i want to go!
This is cute and all but who the hell just leaves their dog outside, at an Airbnb, with strangers?
Mountain Doggo, The Wandering Spirit
Take that, hotel chains!
Malamutes will go out and come back every day, they're awesome dogs. The only thing not pictured here are all the times in this dogs life he comes back with porcupine quills in his mouth or getting Skunk squirted in his/her face. Fun times! :D
That's absolutely insane. What a story!
Good boy
The first time In walked with my GF dog, he walked me.
This sounds like an easter egg in some sandbox game.
OMG WHERE IS THIS!?!? Omg need to schedule vacation now.
Dogcierge
Careful, these kind of extra amenities add to the bill quickly...
can you link the airbnb?
What a brilliant dog who not only walks themself, but can also walk their owner. :)
Don't forget about the main quest!
Happiness noise
I stayed in a bed and breakfast who had a newfie who'd take guests on walks.  The owners told me to just grab the leash and let him take the lead.  We were gone for an hour.  He did stop once to check out a duck.  Something tells me these two were old friends.  Amazing animal
Is it just me, or the changeling/were community start branching into airbnb recently. You get stranger to pay for your rent each month. Plus you if you get hot stranger into your house you can watch them.
I must know the location of this AirBNB.
There needs to be a video of this!!!
Ha! Those AirBnB guys are smart. Make the paying guests walk the dog so they don't have to do it, and the guests are gushing about it.
Where's this airbnb - me wants!
That's adorable
Best airBNB ever. Comes with a canine tour guide.
Well, I adore this!
Where is this!?!! I'm from Australia and I need to be there immediately.
Here’s an upvote, now tell me where he works 🙏🏻
Why is no one mentioning the top 2 picture dogs look nothing like the dog in the bottom picture? The shape, size, coat pattern, and coloring are are far different from the top 2 pictures.
Hate to ask, but does anyone have a link to the airbnb?
You should at least publicly post the region (state, maybe city) where it is so people can decide whether its reasonable to ask for the link.
And you didn't take a pic of the waterfall? is it still running or is it frozen in that weather?
Y’all got a link for this bnb?
I wanna know where this is at! DX
Please share location or how to book.
The goodest boi 🤘🖤🤘
Add me to the PM list too!! This sounds amazing!
Uh...no pictures of the waterfall? Lame!
Lol turns out it's just a stray dog...
I'd pay extra for that
Oh wow. Considering the sub I figured y'all would claim a shit bull did all that!

It's almost like breeds have inherent traits or something..
I'd love to travel there and bring my dog. I'm also an artist. Can you share the info work me via pm? Thank you!
[deleted]
I would like to have the link too, but I also understand if you’re tired of PM-ing people :)
Can you just give us tiny detail hints so we can find it? Or you could pm me too!
I need to know where this is! I love dogs.
We all need this Airbnb link pronto
Please pm me the airbnb. We have a dog and would love a getaway.
That is just lovely!
Please pm me the link as well!
Please PM me too!!
Can I have a link to this AirBnb? Looks like a dream vacation!!
Would love a link to this as well, please!
Please post this Air BnB link
Pm me the link also please, wife and I ate currently trying to plan a vacation and this sounds perfect.
Please PM me this link :) so incredible and cool!
gonna need the link please
This sounds like my dream vacation and it would be a while before I could go, but please add me to the PM list.
Can you post link in comments? I hate (but want) to ask for a PM as well...
This is amazing. Please add me to the list of PM!
Link to airbnb please?
Awww. I'm sorry to ask, but could you pm me the link please? That place looks like heaven.
Link please!!!!
Please send link!! Looks amazing. Love dogs!
This is amazing!!! Can you please pm me the link as well?
I need this link! My dogs need this friend in their future 😍
Can you also pm me this place too please :)
That's amazing can I ask where it was?
Link please?
Could I also ask for the link please?
would someone be so kind as to share the link with me? please and thanks :)
send me the link!
PM me the info!!!
They should take better care of that dog.  :(
Plot twist the dog is your dad.
Can anyone send me Link because this dude Ganon is harassing the shit out of my friend who is also a princess.
And me as well please! Looks great!
Can you please pm me where this is?
Link please?
Pm'ed you, would love the link for this airbnb. Thank you!
Link please! This sounds amazing.
Where is this?
Where is the hotel
I scrolled through every message looking for the damn link! It doesn’t exist. Stop scrolling!
I wanna stay there just to meet the amazing host doggo!
Can I be added to the PM list for the AirBnB please :)
I need this..
Umm... where is this magical place?
