Meanwhile our dogs would have been flung into the side wall and overboard or tangled themselves in the nets. That is legitimately impressive.
Salty sea dog
I love the look on her face.. like " what the fuck are you doing.. we have a whole string of pots to pull and you are f*cking off in your phone."
and my dude gets sick in the Honda Odyssey smh...
maggie looks like she’s seen some shit
I wanna see Maggie walking on dry land after being out at sea for a while, I always wobble like a weeble like Johnny Depp in Fear in Loathing
Maggie is no greenhorn.
I like to think the waters calm and Maggie’s rocking the boat
Auto stabilizing mode activated
[deleted]
And here I am getting seasick from watching.
Clicked for dog. Stayed for Local Natives. 

[“When Am I Gonna Lose You” by Local Natives](https://youtu.be/oWwytT5JAdM)
Should there be that much water on the boat? I'm not a boat guy.
She is so adorable!!! What kind of terror... I mean terrier... is she?
u/stabbot
First mate reporting for duty!
What are you looking you land lubber?!?!
Is this what sea legs means?
r/accidentalwesanderson
It’s like she’s taped to the floor.
I’ve had just an awful month and seeing this made me so happy...
Shippin’ off to Boston…Terrier.
Captain Maggie surely ...
DM me its firmware, pls
That dog has more balance on that ship than I do on flat ground
Brave little sailor ❤️
Dog should have a lifevest.
My Wesh loves the water. Bet she’s in 7th heaven going out to sea.
Sure it's cute until she's staring you down like this while you're hurling over the side.
Ahoy furry matey!!!
Her name should be Eileen.
Just watching this makes me seasick
Where is Maggie’s life jacket? A rogue wave could hit at any minute!!!
"This week, on *Deadliest Fetch*..."
You must be feeding her a well balanced diet!
Stabilizer Engaged
She should become a surfer
This is what I look like in the club
My dog totally does that in the car.
I dunno why, but this video just resonates with me. Grew up on boats, love dogs. This is the best video ever.
she vibin'
*”She’s got leeegss, she knows how useee theeemm”*
What Wes Anderson movie is this?
Found on FB @K.Pixey
💕
/u/stabbot    

Edit: Well that was utterly useless.    
[Stabilised version apparently](https://gfycat.com/ShimmeringGargantuanBeetle)
What a badass dog. My dog vomits in the backseat when I drive her to the park.
What breed of dog is this?
Oml he’s so smart
Maggie could use a life jacket!
Ok you’re hired
*Smooth criminal*
Snowy on Captain Haddock's boat.

It's probably Tintin recording.
 Why'd ya *spill* yer *beans*? WHY'D YA SPILL YAR BEAAAANS??
[Maggie is gyroscopically stable](https://youtu.be/7ztF8lqZjHI).
Love that local natives song in the background!
This dog has her sea legs. Also Maggie is adorable.
What kind of dog... pls
Meanwhile my dog can't stand in my car without launching his body around like a fur missile. Thank God his harness came with a safety belt.
She’s got legs and she knows how to use them
When you've been in a job for way too long 🤣
To the left now y’all
Ex-Navy here can confirm, that dog is salty as hell.
This dog looks like they're going to give me a quest
she does look sick of it.
"This week, on *Deadliest Fetch*..."
She’s got legs and she knows how to use them
Her not wearing some kind of vest or floatation device is giving me anxiety
Rocking and a rolling.
Awesome, my name is Maggie and I ain't got those sealegs! Good puppy.
Perfectly balanced, as all things should be
I’m fairly certain I wouldn’t have been able to stand that straight or that still if you had bolted my boots to the deck. 

I’m queasy watching this. Badass Sea Dog.
I'm so impressed.
r/dogsinboats
She was built for the seas!
my dogs throws up on a 5 min car ride
Listening to Local Natives.... I like it
Im just waiting here for u/poem_for_your_sprog to do what he do.
Can dogs get sea sick?
That’s me riding the subway.
That’s pretty amazing.
Can dogs get sea sick?
Zero wags were given that day.
My Doberman does this when we’re driving on twisty mountain roads. I looked back one day and he was damn near at a 45 degree angle riding the curve lol
I could watch this all day. It’s mesmerizing!
Cannot express enough how much I love this.
My dog didn't come with a gyro. Can't I return it?
Meanwhile my dog can't stand up in the back seat of my car while I slowly drive down a straight road.
I wave my fur back and forth
we used to have a welsh terrier named maggie too!
She’s an old tar me hearties
/u/vredditshare

Edit: https://gfycat.com/HonorableGloriousAlpineroadguidetigerbeetle
What kind of dog is that? It looks like a mini Airdale!
Now that’s a salty dog.
Meanwhile, my dog can't ride in the car for more than 5 minutes without throwing up.
 Do dogs get toe bean fungus from constantly having wet paws?
I'd like to see an edit where the boat is still and just the dog leaning back and forth
I had an airdaile terrier named Scout. She was the coolest dog ever. Very stubborn tho.
Holy crap. She’s cute as heck. She looks like the dog drawn on kids’ books.
man the atmosphere of this video is awesome.
My Welsh passed not too long ago and seeing this made me really happy....and sad.
Irish Terriers are the best
Your pupper is epic. 

Watching that video makes me think about the land sickness I tend to get, after spending time on board. Ginger is the normal remedy for humans, is there something that works similarly for dogs?
the song playing is When Am I Gonna Lose You by local natives
u/VredditDownloader
What will you do will with a sailing doggy


What will you do will with a sailing doggy


What will you do will with a sailing doggy

Earlie in the mornin
thankyou for this.
After a week of that, your legs do that on their own, and you don't even notice the boat rocking.  When you finally step foot onto dry land again, they keep doing it and you feel like the land is rocking under you!
She's just vibin
Maggie should be wearing a life jacket!!!!
I always thought those types of dogs looked like older fisherman
Got me remembering of tin tin adventures.
That's a true sailor
2 legs good; 4 legs better
This is Welsh Terrier, such great dogs. If you want a bigger version of a Welsh Terrier, get an Irish Terrier. \~20kg, really intelligent, don't shed at all, don't smell, very strong for their size, wonderful personalities, super brave and very, very friendly. An even bigger version of the Welsh terrier is the Airedale, exactly the same characteristics....just a lot bigger again

Irish Terriers are just amazing. If you encourage them, love them, train them and spend time with them you will be rewarded with a dog that is insanely fun, brimming with kindness and a friendship that will soften your heart in the most difficult of moments. Had my IT for 7 years now and he's a true gift
Meanwhile, at my desk, I'm about to blow chunks over the side of the imaginary boat.
is this a welshie?!
Adventures of tin tin
Maggie gets a 15/10 on the good doggo scale.
That Welshie glare <3
It’s like how a chicken’s head always stay in place
Maggie just wants to go home and see her family
This dog looks like they're going to give me a quest
Stabilize leg boosters: Activate
Doggo cuteness: Always
(Initiating project stable doggo)
Wow! Maggie is a pro! She knows when to tilt forward and when to pull back. I'm impressed!
She figure it out 😂
This is my girlfriend brother's video...crazy seeing it here
I wish my motivation was as strong as Maggie’s sealegs.
My favourite breed
She's swaying with the times
She looks like a Maggie
She looks like an airedale terrier. Gorgeous
The gyroscope in that barkbox is impressive. 12/10 good salty pupper
That terrier has more salt than most sailors.
Looks like a robot lol
Omg this is adorable! Smart smart girl!
[deleted]
Of course, 30 seconds in the car and she pukes.
Does she get scared? It looks like she doesn't.
Makes me seasick.
The look of a gardens sailor.
Damn she does the swaying to the ocean real good lol
Heh my dog does this in the backseat of my car when I'm driving 😂
That dog is ready to sail west and raid Lindisfarne.
MaggieSeaDogGoat

That's a new username if I've ever heard one
‘Why they filming me’
Maggie looks like one of the 'Isle of Dogs' characters.
I'm not even upset. That's amazing.
That stance! Tight
Did you get all those giant tidepods out of the sea? Is there a special season for those or can you fish them year round?
Should their be that much water on your boat?!
Haha Maggie’s seal eegs
My dog has this figured out in the car. Leans through the turns.
/u/stabbot
she looks like  Snowy, tintin's dog but got a hair spray stuck
Maggies's Sealegs is the name of the opening band for Mumford and Sons.
Lean wit it
Maggie has a tradition for greeting greenhorns: she doesn't." - Mike Rowe
Is that an Airedale?
She's just lookin at all the dogs who can't stand in a car like....
I'm glad to see my fog isn't the only one who does this. She's been doing it since I adopted her but I can't get a video of it
u/stabbot
Getting some serious TinTin vibes
And my dog falls over when the car isn't even moving.
Why you filming me mate?
I've been obsessed with this song all winter!!! Love Maggie too
Someone stabilize and make it a gif!!!
Can someone stabilize this?
You in Maine bub?
I want her to barf so bad.
Isle of dogs part deux.
That looks like an awfully good dog right there
You could put a patch over her eye and call her Maggie the Pirate
I'd cross post ot r/NatureisFuckingLit - it's way cooler than just "awww".  Thanks for sharing this.
Dogs have a built-in gyroscope
i need this sort of stability in my finances and life this year. happy 2020 everyone
Yyyyyooooo!! The song in that video is When Am I Gonna Lose You by the Local Natives and it’s absolutely amazing go listen to it!
That is the most Scottish dog ever
I just got done muttering a string of curse words under my breath (long weekend of shit not going right.) This gave me a good chuckle. Thanks, Maggie with the mean lean
This is what I do in buses and trains
That’s the best pirate I’ve ever seen
I'd say excited more than carsick. My Shep is over 50 lbs; but dogs are great travel companions.
My dad was a seaman. He manned the ship.

He said sometimes they would go through storms and the waves are chonker af.

His parents didn't send him to college so he packed a suitcase and went to the capital of our country and he did odd jobs here and there until he drove for a captain. There the captain asked him to go through a 2 year course. 

He then went on to travel the world. A lot of postcards. Hope I can travel around the world too someday. :)
What’ll you do with a drunken sailor?!!
This looks like a scene from a movie!
This dog can handle the high seas and my dog ends up upside down on the floor mat if I make any turns in my car.
/ S W A Y /
I wish I had sea legs like that.
I'm getting sea sick just looking at this.
Meanwhile, my dog can hardly standup in a car.
Swaying sea dog is the best sailor
Oh man. I miss my Lakeland Terrier now :(

RIP Angel
That dog is seaworthy
No anytime in the future I hear the word sea legs I’m going to think of this little dog.
She’s definitely saying, “This is weak shit.”
I AM GRADIAN OF THE CRAB NO BUTTER SHALL PASS !!!
My partner and I take our little Jack Russel mix paddle boarding all the time. She's like a little gyroscope lol
That looks like the same breed as Snowy, Tin Tin’s dog. A perfect choice for a seafarer!
Believe it or not that dog be seaing
Looks like my lakeland terrier, Roland.
I ain’t gonna work on Maggie’s farm no more.
Smooth fisherdog
That dog is feeling it
You've been hit by...(thud thud)

You've been struck by....(thud)

A smooth criminal...

*dum dum dum dum dum dum dum dum dum dum dum dum dum dum dum dum
I'm getting sea dick watching this
I love this so much
u/stabbot

Edit: stabbot is banned here but did do that stabilisation. Changes nothing sadly :( I was hoping it’d make the dog look like one of those owls.
Does she get sea sick?
So much focus!
So much balance!
Much respect
Gyroscope activated.
Does the doggie look like it's having an anxiety attack or is it just me?
Shes so talented im so proud of her!
There's a seadog if ever I saw one!

I'd have puked by that point.
u/_hurtin_albertan
I would be falling all over the place lol
Holy crap. An Airedale on reddit!
r/oddlysatisfying
First time ever seeing a video like this
My goal in 2020 is to be this unbothered
Maggie must have been Hemingway's spirit animal
Airedales are awesome.
mag legs
Airedale Terrier? I had one but she died from breast cancer
Local Natives in the background, hell yeah!
\*That's got to be the best pirate I've ever seen\*
Reminds me of 'Island of Dogs'
Snowy from tintin
Maggie isn't impressed
I’m getting sick just watching this
She's gorgeous
There's a lot of water in your boat.
not to be dramatic or anything but I would die for maggie
Why does the constant rocking motion make people sick?
Airedale?
That’s an Airedale terrier right??
What breed of dog is that
That goat can balance!
My dog can’t be in the car without being leashed to the head rests or she would fly into the wind shield.
That’s exactly the kind of dog I’d expect to see on a boat.
ruff seas!
Hey I do that on dry ground!

Sometimes I fall over though
Now I'm just imagining the whole crew being dogs in a deadliest catch episode
STABILISE
Is Maggie an Irish terrier or Airedale??
I’ve only ever heard that song on one random radio station and it’s such a bop. Glad someone else likes it.
Looks like an Airedale Terrier.
Oh wow, good dog! suddenly missed my dog, used to drive up and down the mountains at speed all the time. He would sit in front passenger seat and do that, and even compensate for braking
No frog could do this /u/skinnyreesescup
I admire Maggie's vestibular system. Meanwhile my dog flails around my RV like a leaf in the wind. All 75 lb of him can't just figure out LAY DOWN! Just lay down. There's no reason for you to try and stand and look out any windows. I've tried the crate, that was a disaster. So for now, he's just like a drunk on the Sloop John B.
My one and true love.
Where's a human for scale?
Beautiful dog!  Don’t see very many terriers about.  Thanks for posting.
If this dog could talk, I'm imagining a dog-accented shanty sounding voice.
Maggie - master of the seas!
My dog is like that in the car when I corner at high speed, she knows the drill. I gave a friend and her dogs a ride once, not thinking much about the corners and threw her dogs for a tumble. I was surprised they didn’t know how to lean.
Maggie be going crazy on the sea
This looks like my gsd when she rides in the car with me
Listening to local natives, nice.
That dog is so calm, I'm not sure if she likes being of the boat or just gives zero fucks
That dog comes with its own aran sweater, it was almost born into that job.
He's so good, he looks like someone glued him there
Ole Salt!
Welsch Irish terrier mix
That's funny
Im getting sick watching this. Lol
You’ve got a friend in me
Is that a dog....with sheep legs? 🤔
Gangsta lean
Hh
Wobble baby wobble baby wobble baby
Holy shit. This is my brothers dog and I never would’ve thought this would be so popular. 😂 you guys should see her in her life jacket.
Best Sailor/10
I’ve got an Airedale too
The elegance of this dog and her sea legs just made my day.
Gaming
This is Wes Anderson AF.
Gyropup
Awww
She wants that crab fresh
that looks like a dog that would have sea legs
Please listen to this, and watch this gif.. It just fits. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aitJkK7XrI0
I had too many mimosas today to watch this
Is Maggie a Welshie? Mine is great in the car, she leans into every turn like a race car driver.
anyone else getting huge Tintin vibes?
I think that this was the Wes Anderson movie isle of dogs
Got better sea legs than me. That's for sure.
Tintin would be proud.
Omg what a cutie!!!
Is that the dog from Tintin?
My old dog used to do this when we'd turn corners while taking a drive. I'd take her for rides and she'd sit nicely on the passenger seat, leaning into every turn. It was adorable.
I’m impressed
Has she ever gotten seasick?
I ain’t gonna work on Maggie’s yacht no mo’
LOL <3 so ciu
This is the cutest fucking thing I have ever seen
Tintin's dog!
SCUPPERS, THE SAILOR DOG
Welsh terrier?
Someone with some talent around here needs to write a sea shanty about Maggie.
Now that’s a good sea dog
I like that song playing in the back
I'm in love with Maggie!  Need more content!  Does she have ig?
Great balance. My dog always falls over and over when driving inside of a bus. :b
He kind of looks like captain barbosa from the pirates of carribean
This dog should have a reddit account as well as other social media’s. I want to see more of it on the boat while it’s rocking.
That's why chickens and dogs make the best skaters.
she has better balancing skills that i do
This reminds me of Isle of Dogs so much
My guy loves going places, never a traumatic car experience, just.....get motion sick after a little bit. Not being able to see out the window definitely makes it worse but even with being able to see out the window he still will start to cry.....then to pant.....then to drool....then that’s my final warning lol.
What great name for a dog!
This reminds me of that Futurama episode of bender in the ship holding the explosive cake.
Don’t wanna be dramatic or anything but I’m ready to die for Maggie
Lobster pots?
Can we praise the cameraman ?
It's the dog defending the store from one piece
You can take a dog out of balance, but you can’t take balance from a dog
I took my Maggie on a boat once. 
Maggie violently projectile vomited.
Love terriers!
the living gimbal
Seal eggs
can dogs get seasick
Even looks like a captain that hasn't been on land in years
Rough seas: \*exist\*

Dog: no
Midwesterners have something similar: WagonLegs, from bailing hay and riding on the back of a wagon
That dog has SEAn some things..
#[A FINE LIFE!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kj1TLc9ZLek) *:D*
Cute, sweet swaying doggie 🐶
Looks like my dog when we're out driving lol
/u/stabbot
This is me on the subway.
What breed is this?
That's a salty dog if I ever saw one.
Airedale / Welsh terrier shout out ❤️
This is the dog from Tin Tin
r/dogsinboats
This makes me so happy it's so dang adorable !!!!!! :)
Omg somebody please stabilize the video to the boat!
do dogs get seasick?
Imagine her grand grand grand mother in Naval service during the Victorian era🐕

Mighty back in ⏳
She kinda reminds me of those insane mountain goats. Like, the ones that can basically stand on walls.
Looks like snowy from TinTin
https://youtu.be/qGyPuey-1Jw
She looks exactly like a “Maggie” would look
Maggie is super cool
The pooch has fine sea legs
Not mad she just vibing
What are you fishing for? Crab?
I would die 4 Maggie
Damn Look At Her Go!
That stabilization doh
Good girl
Looks like Maggie is a Lakeland Terrier.
That super glue came in handy
Is Maggie a Lakeland terrier?
Maggie is de captain now.
Gyroscope boi
Perfectly balanced!
It's like Snowy from Tintin.
Is it on a laundry machine?
That dog has some special powers
Maggie is magnificent. I love her.
This is awesome and also my stomach clenched just watching it.
All the homies they know what I mean, baby lemme show you how I lean *like a boat dog*
Where does the dog poop ?
Yet some dogs can't even stand up in a moving car.
So, ever have any issues with rats onboard?
Water seems kind of ruff.
Local natives
Cute dog
This is me after drinking half a bottle of tequila.
u/leproteus
This is me when I’m on the tram not holding the guard rail.
Looks like my dog on xanax.
So cute
What breed is that? So cute!
🎶 When am I gonna looose 🎶
Someone refresh me on what breed of dog this is!
Lotto dog!! Only some will understand this :))
*Sea legs
Love them sea dogs!

Did Maggie get all happy and run around after you set the pots and the deck was clear?
I crabbed with a Chesapeake retriever named Johnny and he would celebrate a cleared deck. 
He also helped out by dragging fresh hanging bait (cod fish) out of our way and pile them up for us when we were running gear.

Anyhow, cheers Maggie!
My dog does that when we drive
Tin tin’s dog
u/stabbot
She jus vibin
Side to side.

Side side to side.
REAL MAGIC🤔😉 :v
Cute dog
Must be ruff seas
Ruff n lean
Stability 100
Maggie said get me off THIS MUHTHUHFUCKIN BOAT!!
I fall over on dry land, totally sober, when I move my head too fast while Maggie is an expert fisherman. I need your tricks, Maggie <3
What kind of dog is this :)
Trying not to walk crooked while this anchor's dropped  
But I been out on them choppy waves and it's hard to say  
Where this land begins and that water stops  
I got sea legs  
I got sea legs  
I got sea legs
I LOVE THAT SONG
/u/stabbot
What a good girl! She’s so adorable.
Look at her. She is the captain now.
Looks like my Dane in the back of my SUV as we're going around corners. I've tried to explain to him that if he would just lie down he wouldn't have to struggle, but he just won't listen.
Be safe out there
Maggie makes it look effortless. What a good girl!
Thanos would be proud. Perfectly balanced.
Terriers
What type of dog is that? Anyone know?
If this is the sequel to The Lighthouse, I’m here for it
The new ipooch has a built in gyroscope
She's bout' beat some azz.
You know when you let your foot off the brake and the car creeps forward? Yes that typically results in my Basenji being yeeted into the back seat. This is very impressive
That dogs balance ..... 9000
Meanwhile my dog flys off the seat even when I tap the brakes as lightly as possible.
And you thought your dog smelled bad...
r/rarepuppers
That's how I sit in the subway not holding on to anything
All of yer water is spilling out of that box there.
Maggie's got that Danny Glover too old for this shit look.
Me when I've had too many gyros.
Like a boss!
u/nwordcountbot
Can someone please edit it to stabilize the boat?
Irish terriers are the best!
Check out the vestibular system on this baby
Isle of the dogs !
/u/vredditshare
r/bossfight
Snowy,is that you ?
Captain Haddock will be so proud.
My dog used to do this in the car when we would go around turns.
Maggie  is a commuter dog.
What kind of dog is this?
I mean that dog looks like an old sea captain magically turned into a dog.
He is awesome.
That beard too! lol
Yes maggie
That one dog from Tintin who's name I can't remember
She’s a beautiful crusty sea dog !
Awwww Soo cute
I ain’t gonna work on Maggie’s farm no more.
Go Maggie!!
Local dog gyroscopic as heck
Wait fuck is that what “sea legs” means?
i thought you meant seal eggs but misspeld it
the adventures of sea legs maggie
Maggie looks like the goodest dog.
this dogs more stable in life than i’ll ever be
Totally read that as Meggie Sealegs
Coolest doggo 👍🏽💖
She look like walk straight out of some cartoon.
Swag points = upvoted
Tintin's dog
That dog must be gyroscopically  stable, Like Bender.
Look marge, maggie lost her baby legs!
Improvise, Adapt, overcome... with this freaky floor moving
He just vibing tho
This looks like a Tintin scene
I am convinced this dog is actually a sea captain with its own vessel
This is my dog in the back seat of a car :)
*Pirates of the Caribbean theme song starts playing*
That looks like one of those fluffy dogs until you pet them, then you just feel their ridiculous muscles. This dog's core strength is crazy.
local natives, nice
my dog does this in the car lol
Ro-Ro-Rotate your Hound!
I see that and it makes me want to see how Boston Dynamics Spot would handle it.
that is maggie-phil harris
CAPTAIN MAGGIE LEVEL 73
+36.4 STABILITY
+55 RESOLVE
+47.9 INTIMIDATION
PASSIVE: Complete immunity to knock down effects
Ability: Bark grants all befriended allies additional energy and absolute navigational awareness for 90 seconds
I feel like vomiting just watching this.
Get this girl on a snowboard!
/u/vredditdownloader
Gotta appreciate that seriousness.
I can’t think of a better name for this dog.
All that water coming up through the deck would make me slightly worried..
Love it! We had a lakeland terrier too when I was a kid. Never saw one again after he passed
Do dogs like this?
I am sorry i am not expert or something juat curious what the breed of the dog its beautiful.
Not a worry in the world 😂

u/stabbot
Good stuff,
This video made me nauseous🤢
Paging u/stabbot
can someone stabilize this?
Omfg I know this dog!!! Our boats were tied up together this summer salmon fishing in Alaska. Her and my blue heeler are friends. She’s famous, this is hilarious
prior navy vet here...this dog is legit. lol..this is how we all stood deployed on a destroyer
Don't worry, tgat's a Gyroscope Terrier. She'll be fine
We listening to AltNation while out fishing? You're alright, mate.
This is what I'm naming my next band
is that a sheep or a dog? 


or both?
Maggie: practice makes perfect
Don't you hate it when someone accidentally installs a gun stabilizer into your dog?
That dog also knows where to stand for minimal drenching too.
Some damn fine sea legs that dog has.
 u/vredditdownloader
Saved
Sturdy girl <3
He must be a legendary fisherman between doggos
Great stabilization
r/accidentalwesanderson
Reminds me when Bender was carrying that soufflé
Looks somewhere between Snowy and Captain Haddock
Mine has a gyroscope built-in too:

http://i.imgur.com/s4pUdgD.gifv
This video cured my depression
I had a German Spitz who loved to ride in the car and would often ride beside me in the front seat. She fell over a couple of times in the beginning but quickly learned to lean in the turns and brace for braking. I never had to worry about it after that.

And yes she wore a harness that was attached to the seat. Wear your seat belt, kids!
That's a salty dog...now I want a drink.
Looks like she's been hit by a smooth criminal.
Watching this while sounding out race car sounds. 
Maggie has some serious talent balance wise.
Sea DAWG!
Hypnotic
Is this real? This looks like one of those bobble head toys.  I think o saw this on Instagram. It's the latest craze from China. Leaning dog robot. Apparently it has Bluetooth and plays music.
He looks just like Snowy from The adventures of Tin Tin
Super steady doggy
u/stabbot
Dog fish, that is...
Is it just me or is anyone else getting Tintin vibes?
What is the name of this breed?
I thought this said Maggie's Seagulls at first for some odd reason and expected for some seagulls to come flying in. I was happily mistaken by this cute little guy swaying back and forth
Happy dog
Great song playing aboard by the Local Natives called "When Am I Gonna Lose You".
I want to see this with image stabilizers
where's all the water keep coming from?
How is she not slipping around on that stainless steal?
u/stabbot
/u/vredditdownload
Heart: melted.
tintin's dog
Deadliest Catch - Good Boy Edition
/u/vredditdownload
When ur on a bus and you can’t hold on to anything
This Pooch is "SALTY"!
She looks like a Maggie
Good girl Captain Seabeard
I love Maggie.  What a great girl.
I can't believe this is the first time I ever thought of this, but do animals get seasick?
Looks like he’s gonna barf
Does she wobble when she gets back to land?
Pspspsps
Airedale in work mode. They’re stalwart companions.
That appears to be a crab boat. Seems super dangerous for a dog to be on deck of a crab boat...
A cute doggo and Local Natives, this video is amazing
That looks like an accident waiting to happen ngl
I feel kind of concerned. Why did you take the dog out to sea? She doesn’t seem to be serving any purpose and if this is a commercial ship all she is doing is potentially getting herself hurt. I feel like it’s kind of dangerous to have her especially in rough seas
I love you Maggie.
Maggie gives me life
Yeah!!! Yeah for Maggie!!!
I fly. I'm pilot.
The Reddit video player is beyond awful.
Woofer got lean
Please put a lifejacket on her
I'm v. concerned for Maggie's safety; but then again, she seems pretty calm.
Where's the pup's life jacket?
Yes
I don't think a dog should be at sea.
r/rarepuppers
That’s one salty dog.
That made me nauseous.  >.<
Is he about  to puke ?
Because that's safe for a dog.
[removed]
Wait when am I gonna loooosssee you?
B A L A N C E B O I
Tin Tin’s Dogo !
Booat dooog
Good doggo. I miss my terrier.
Stabilized gorl
What a good girl. It looks cold. Hope you can dry her tooties off
Das a good doggo
"That dog's face looks like Will Ferrel."

~my mom
The doggo has more balls than me!!
As someone who isn't familiar with life on the water, is that a rather normal list(? not sure if that's the right word)?

Do vessels usually tilt that much?
That’s a good doggie fisher boye
Awesome
Ha, classic
Dog be like- where the fuck im?
Schnauzer life FTW.
Where does it poop?
Hi
Boop!
Where does the dog poop whilst out at sea?
Heckin pro
I guess a dog goes to the bathroom wherever if they are out to sea for more than a day or so?
Why is there a whole bunch of water coming out of the box she’s standing on?
So cute😍❤️😘😘🥰😍😘😍
That dogs had more salt on her then my wife ever will.
Good doggo
Does anyone know if it can been seen this dramatically with humans? I don't recall ever seeing something like this with a  person.
I would die for maggie
What would you do with a good doggo early in the morning
That's a god right there, not a dog.
annie are you ok?
Portuguese water dog?
Portuguese Water Dog?
That's a cat in a dog's body
m8 idk if you’re aware but you seem to have a bit of a water problem on your boat
Do dogs/animals get seasick like people do? A thousand pardons if this has been asked already.
Heckin pro!
My dog can barely stay sitting when I make a suttle turn in my car.
Nice, also I am the 1000th comment if anyone cares
Maggie is cheatin' bro. Out here understanding the laws of physics and shit
Omg I love her 😭
