" Ladies, ladies, one at a time! There's plenty of this to go around."
“I like pets but I’m a little overwhelmed.”

Thank you anonymous stranger for the silver!
I don't know if the Corgi likes it or is uncomfortable but still very adorable 10/10
That's a "be careful what you wish for" illustration.
Doggo is not 100% on this level of attention
*Introvert anxiety intensifies

EDIT:  It's technically social anxiety.  Probably makes the joke less funny, but I'm slightly more enlightened now.  Yay.
Even when you live your dreams, they still aren't quite what you hoped
His eyes are like: “god help me survive this one”
My MIL has a corgi and he is a complete Ahole. It’s hard to imagine this is possible without seeing a finger bitten off.
Cheddar, return to my office.
The dog actually looks a little distressed.
As parents of the kids or the dog parent, i wouldve told them to pet the dog one at a time :/ he looked so nervous with his nervous mlems and unsure eyes
The dog looks at the camera and whispers "help me".
she's @madmax_fluffyroad on IG <3
I'm not sure dog is comfortable with this thing.....
He looks very confused
That corgi looks terrified :(
[removed]
He doesn’t know what he did to deserve so much love and he doesn’t know how to handle it.
he looks claustrophobic lol
r/thisismylifenow
The dog looks overwhelmed- I feel bad for the doggo-
God even I felt overwhelmed and I was just watching, poor doggo
I can honestly say, this is the first time I’ve ever seen a Corgi not-smiling... poor puppy.
Doggo looking kinda stressed.
The licking of the lips and showing whites of their eyes while looking around are stress markers.
That dog looks stressed af. He alerts fear by showing his tongue and keeps looking for help..
Yeah this dog looks very overwhelmed and somewhat nervous...
That dog looks pretty stressed to me 😬
That dog is thinkin:"Ron,get me the fuck out of here"
I feel this dog’s anxiety. She definitely looks overwhelmed.
That dog is in a state of stress and is not comfortable.
My blacklab/boxer on the other hand would be drinking this in.  There is no "too much attention" with that dog.
That dog doesn't look very happy. I could be wrong though, I'm no dog expert!
They should have had them take turns, poor thing was overwhelmed
Those "whale eyes" are a classic sign of stress and anxiety in terms of dog body language. Being confined to the backpack also probably isn't helping. Whenever I see my dog give that look when strangers wanna pet him and they're hovering over him or leaning too close to his face I always ask them to give space. He's an incredibly sweet dog and would most likely not bite but just cuz he isn't going to bite them doesn't mean I'm going to let them keep stressing him out when he's given the sign he's had enough
It's like a scene from a zombie movie.
"HOOMAN HOOOMAN' HALP ME HOOMAN"
I don't think the Corgi likes it. I know most dogs hate being touched on the top of their head.
Poor guy is looking a bit overwhelmed.
Dog looks a little spooked, probably overwhelmed lol
"Whoa this is a heckin lot of pets"
This comment will probably be downvoted given Reddit is .... well, Reddit, but that dog is showing classic stress signals. The wide eyes showing greater amounts of white, the constant glancing back to its owner and the movements of its mouth all indicate it is under stress.
Whites of eyes, licking, ears back, etc are all indications of a nervous, uncomfortable dog.

This is not cute ☹
That dog is so uncomfortable, doing nervous licks , ears super back, the owner needs to tell the kids to chill out.
You know you parked too far away when you have to take a bus to your van.
Good boi staying calm. Goodest of Bois
STIMULATION OVERLOAD DOES NOT COMPOOT
Wait a minute, I think I recognize one of them.
"Please God help me"
All those scritches... nearly an overdose!
A hero's job is not always easy...
Poor baby, might get some crowd phobia at this rate lol
I am aware of the effect I have on 4th grade girls.
"I've got more Corgis in my van"
That dog got touched by girls more than I ever did in my life
so cute but that little dude/dudette doesn't seem to be liking all the attention, seconds away from a quick "snap".
Happy but concerned. But happy. But a tad concerned.
Sales of backpacks and corgis increased among Sex offenders
The dog looks like me when surrounde by girls
The doggo looks lowkey terrified
That's Mad Max Fluffy Road
Why can people not learn to read their dogs? This dog is very uncomfortable. The eyes, ears, mlem all say the exact same thing. He’d very much prefer for it to stop and get some space and quiet! „But it’s so cute!“ No it’s not, if you have a dog please educate yourself about the species.

Edit: edited out a curse word. I just get very upset when I see these kind of videos here. They are living beings who trust us 100%. Show some respect.
Yet when I do that, the police arrest me! Totally unfair bias.
Look on the face

"What the hell is going on here?"  followed by  "Yes ladies I am your ruler."
That dog is not chill with that.  Whale eyes and mouth licking and the way it is moving its head.  Not cool.
That is brilliant.  You don't even need to buy a white van.
Mad max!
This should be in r/watchdogsdieinside !!
He doesn't like it
Bulging eyes and flicking tongue... he doesn’t look aggressive but he’s definitely nervous.
Mum - please can I be saved? These children are all lovely I'm sure, but it's all a bit too much!
The dog seems stressed but it's so cute nonetheless
Dog looks stressed
r/corgi
Life as a dog must be so strange sometimes.
Corgi Heaven or Corgi Hell?
Man, this video gave me flashbacks of being a girl guide, going on cookie meets via the subway lol.
[deleted]
Creepiest title ever...but cute dog.
“We didn’t agree on this”
IS THIS THE CORGI THAT FALLS ASLEEP???  poor thing is knocked down cold sometimes lol
"And there are more corgies in that white van"
This is my life now
Dog looks like he / she  needs an emotional support pet to help with their anxiety.
Best doggo
Dog: here we go again 🙄😒😒
Paws start to sweat, he pulls up the google Google search page...”can you die from too many pets”. Enter.
*halp*
Will have to use this trick when I get the.... urge.
"Heck, doin me a concern"
Am like pets but have overwhelms.
The doggo equivalent of a human being smothered by licking puppies.
Dog is thinking that that is a *lot* of 4th graders on a train.
I remember one time, I asked my GF at the time if she wanted to come with me to go on a beer run as I want to get beer and walk my corgi pup at the same time. We get to the store, I grab what I need, and as we make our way out it becomes clear that the local college (like 2 blocks over) is having their undie run. Next thing I know, we're surrounded by a dozen or so very attractive co-eds in just their panties and bras, all wanting to pet and play with my corgi. My GF at the time was NOT amused. But fuck it, I got beer, the puppy got his walk.
I live it when little kids are gentle with animals, usually they are rough with them and don’t pet them gently and it pisses me off.
This feels like the modern day "free candy" trick
So Reddit just quit life today.we are done here.
This is literally the best thing ever.
Why do i feel that dog face says save me hooman!
Filming a bunch of 4th grade girls in public and posting it on the internet ?????
more effective than candy?
Instagram: madmax\_fluffyroad
this is usually when the dog bites someone... too many hands at one time.
he looks scared a little lol
I guess I’ll have to buy a dog a bring it to the subway 😏
I has a floofer! That is a nervous floof lol
I think that corgi is asking for help
“I’m uncomfortable!” Ok, I’m fine. Im fine. A little overwhelmed. “I’m uncomfortable again!”
Baby isn’t smiling
^^help.
Lol dogo is not amused
That dog looks so anxious..
Yes pet the overpriced potato
Corgi looks all like "umm, I'm a little concerned here, that's an awful lot 4th graders"
Looks like the dog has anxiety from all those people.
I had a corgi who loved little kids. I’d take her with me when I would go to pick up my kid from elementary school. She’d run around and her a bunch of kids into a circle and then run into the middle and flop over for belly rubs. 

Miss that little girl
Username doesn’t check out
Knowing my corgi she would hate this. If she wants to be pet she will let you know otherwise keep your hands to yourself. If you want to pet the corgi you must bring an treat as offering. I really relate to my dog.
Lol poor thing. When our dog was 6 months I took him in the car to pick up the kids with the window down. 3-4 kids rushed him and started giving him pets. After a few sec he gently moved himself away and sat in my lap
He is OD'ing.
He looks way more cautious than joyful.
<3
I really like how easy it is to tell how a dog is feeling since with most animals you have to learn all these visual cues that the animal is happy or content or upset. Dogs are really easy to pick up on.
The dog has been molested 🐶
To Catch a Predator.
He's gonna have dreams about this later.
And on that fateful day Dr. McBoopsnoot developed his controversial theory of Too Many Pets.
Haha that sweet baby doesnt know what to make of all the pets
I have dogs, I like dogs,  but I am not a dog expert.

Even I can tell that dog is overwhelmed.
That dog be like: "Wow!  All for me?"
That dog looks stressed. It's a good way to get one of those girls bit
This doggo is living the dream.😆
halp!
“oh, the pets! they’re coming from everywhere!”
Source IG: @madmax_fluffyroad
"... OMG ... they're EVERYWHERE!  Just keep it together ... you can handle this ...."   - dog's inside voice, probably
That dogs living the dream
Girl who tried to pet but ended up only stroking another hand must be upset
Wow! Look at those eyes! So sweet.
"I... I... I think I like this?"
What a well behaved dog. That corgi is not liking that much attention but it's handling it well. No aggressive behavior.
itt “durrrrr ackchually doggo not happy he very anxious”
watch out for that whale eye
The dog looks like he is getting PTSD from this event
MadMax_FluffyRoad

I love Maxine! <3  Corgies are just too adorable lol.
That one poor girl only got to pet the other girls hand.
Ohnoes! Doggo ODs on pets and scritches! (12/10 would pet)
The Corgi be like "So THIS is what Donna Summer meant when she sang 'I Feel Love' back in '77".
That Corgi is a teensy bit overwhelmed... but at least seems to know that it's friendly attention. :)
I was waiting for someone to comment “not my proudest wank”
Is he scared?
Dog looks stressed.
that dog would be well within his rights to bite somebody.
That dog looks looks it's freaking out. But what a good pup for handing it so well.
That Corgi looks like he has no idea what's going on, but isn't complaining cause he likes the pets he's getting.
It was this moment. The corgi knew it was a God.
This is not cute. This is fcking stupid, you have a dog that looks to be stuck in a backpack thus has nowhere to go, surrounded by fcking kids touching it. If that dog feels he/she has had enough, it can't walk away and someones hand will be snapped
These little humans doing me a concern.
“Dad? Dad? Daaaad? HELPPPPP MEEEEEEE!”
That’s not Cheddar, that’s just some common b*tc

edit: common
This is the dog equivalent of porn
Lol, aww that's so cute:) completely overwhelmed by pets though, hah.
"Da fuq U touching me
He looks super uncomfortable.
This is too much aww for me 
Take my ducking upvote
There is something about the title that makes me uneasy here.
I fail to see the "aaw". I'm not saying that this dog will bite... But I am saying that if you want to provoke a dog to bite, putting it in this situation will do the trick. With no chance for the dog to move away, the only way to potentially control the distance to the children is through aggression. It's not fair to any dog to put them in this situation. The facial expression of the dog is making me concerned. I'm wondering what this dog would do if he was free to move around, and what his body language would look like. As a dog behavior consultant I have a selection bias, as I mostly get to meet the dogs that do bite, but man this clip made me anxious.
That dog is in a state of stress and is not comfortable.
Dog looks a little spooked, probably overwhelmed lol
So many pedo's learned a new trick today.
Hehehe, now I know how to attract the children
So much ***LOVE***
Everyone involved looks like they're in heaven..
I think puppers had a good time.
If theres a dog on the internet, 50% of comments are armchair dog psychiatrists waiting to diagnose, and call the owner an idiot.
Poor dog
That dog looks uncomfortable
Her name is Maxine her Instagram is @madmax_fluffyroad and she is everything that is good and pure in this world.
Poor pup
She has the face of “omg this is amazing” mixed with “HELP”
Way to stressful for the dog. This can lead to bites.
Poor doggo. :/
r/thisismylifenow
Aww poor corgi seems a little bit over stimulated. It looks like he’s enjoying himself but you can look in his eyes and see that he’s still not sure about the situation.
Corgi seems overwhelmed
It does seem to get overwhelmed
Pupper doesn’t look so sure about all this.  Cute!
He looks like he's intimidated but won't screw up the moment for the lil ladies
Dog looks terrified
I'm picturing his internal monologue with a British accent just totally confused yet pleased.
Don’t put kids videos on the internet. Especially not without their parent‘s consent. What the fuck, dude? Not cool!
Dog is not happy. Would not let the kids continue petting.
The dog found the love
Good boi
This dog got the piper perri treatment.
I walked past the Japanese school in London with my cavalier King Charles puppy, Bert, shoved down my coat. It got very very noisy when they spotted him.
\#thismustbeheaven
Life is good.
"This is a trap. I know this is a trap...."    
"Your taking me to the Vet aren't you"
these dogs are the best at drawing worrying eyebrows on! try it...
r/corgi
I'm a 19 yo guy and I'd want to do this too
Hmm, a corgi on a train, eh? Is his name Atticus?
Sweet doggo
Dog: "OMG! This is my best dream and worst nightmare combined! I can't even."
All the corgi said was he beat the ender dragon without armor
My dog would HATE this.
Persona 5
the eyes say it all...
Corgi : Lay back and think of England.
Looks like the best and worst moment of his life.
I don't know any of you people!
r/AccidentalRenaissance
He looks worried.
Lucky dog.
He is shitting himself
If you want to follow this pup her Instagram name is @madmax_fluffyroad
u/vredditshare
She is a gorgeous Corgi. Lovely little face.
“where’s the door?”
"Human Human they're too many of them petting me. I don't know what to do?"
As a 35 year old man, I would probably do the same thing as long as the dogs owner said it would be okay.
Doggo is is good doggo, you can see the pets are too much, but he taking it well.
"What a time to be alive"    -Corgi in the backpack.
Talk about a dog's life...
My 4th grade daughter would probably start crying uncontrollable tears of happiness if she saw this in person.
Rip dog
Boy Looks ready to rage on them broads
u/vredditdownloader
IG: madmax\_fluffyroad
Happens all the time I have to take mine to the vet.
"ruh oh shaggy, wwuuuffff'z goin' oon?? ruh"

\-dog probably
That’s a good boi!
That dog is very calm! I have a jack Russell and he loves the pets but if this many strange kids started petting him all at once like that he'd be growling for sure maybe worse!
I’d be in the crowd of 4th graders trying to pet your corgo. I freaking love them.
That corgi is getting the clout he deserves
My dream subway exists!
Eyebrows raising are adorable. Saving all their faces to memory
That’s my trick too.
This is the way I feel when I am on too much molly.
Oh look! Something nice to see before I’m buried in ash :)
o
Imagine a stranger walking up to you because you are cute in their eyes \*pet pet pet pet pet pet\* petting you furiously...
in heaven or in hell
~~Corgi~~ GUN
That’s not Cheddar. You’re just some common bitch.
Poor poor dog. 👀
You know she just wants to bust out of that backpack and herd them all into a corner to truly be happy.
Let's me honest here - they could have been any age girls and the same thing would have happened.

I leave extra time when we go places so my daughter can pet all the dogs.  She's 29.
Send help pls
Isn’t it ironic the OP’s username is “kittytime” more like “corgitime “
[deleted]  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.4165
Best...day...ever!!!
>That dog feels a lot like a hand...

-That one kid
His life is beter now :3
Well. I think that you may misspelled the caption. Ain’t there full backpack of 4th grade girls and one Corgi in the train?
Sounds like you will have the flu in 5 4 3 2 1
Every dog has its day
r/thisismylifenow
Does it get anybetter than this?
This is so damn pure!
Oh he's loving it
It sucks to be this popular
This is my dog's nightmare.
Username does not check out
This just brings pure joy to the world.  It’s nice to take a break from all the chaos occurring in the world right now and watch stuff like this.
Life is tough
Your pet seems high. "All this attention! Wonderful! "
He’s like a maroon 5 album....



Hands all over!
Corgi: I want all the pets!

Monkey paw in effect
bruh
lmao the way he looks up at the green girl

cute af.
"They love me!"
That is the life.
"is this heaven?"
He's like "i don't know what's happening but i want to stay here, pls don't leave".
The resolution of this video is unseen on Reddit.
Corgo: is i in heaven?
*You barely lifted your hand and Lesser Dog got excited.*
!remindme 10 hours
u/vredditshare
“Yes. Love me.”
u/Kittytime posting about a dog? Hmmm... sketchy behavior.
This gave me a Little smile on a sad day.
r/ThisIsMyLifeNow
So cute
4th grade girls: awwwwwww doggie

Dog: WHO ARE YOU PEOPLE
Were they doing this as a reference to rwby?
The Corgi is probably contemplating whether or not he has in fact passed on into heaven, and the realization of this is slightly terrifying, yet awesome.
My dog would of bit them....
/r/SubwayCreatures/ ?
Carefull you don’t want to be falsely accused of dog raping girls 35 years from now.
That face says "I mean...I guess this is ok? Hey that new hand is cold on my butt!"
I love that face
Poor dog looks bored and annoyed.
Awwwh. Just a bit of small irritated talk, I hope young girls begin staying away from the Taylor Swift thing and her many different heights and shapes posted on Instagram for example. Look, celebrity is nice, but how many bad things can you feed a girl? I know a girl.
Way to show pedo's how to get 10yr old girls. Corgi in a backpack.
No pants subway day is getting kinda sketchy with the jailbait
awh fuck
Yesss!! I follow him on ig!!
We don't deserve pets
Where do I get a corgi? My wife and I want one so bad and we can’t find any anywhere :(
I, a 32 year old man, would be standing in the background silently pissed that they a hoggin the dog.... I wanna pet it too!!
ALL THE PETS DOGGO JOY
Ok, now I want a corgie. Thanks.
So many pets!! Doggo is like this is all a bit much but so many cuddles!!
“And he really comes in handy,
'Specially when you're all alone in the night
And you're small and terribly frightened it's
Sandy, Sandy who'll always be there!”

I love Annie
lol poor pup he dont get how cute he is
Until the 8 ball jacket man comes inside!!
i've died and gone to heaven - corgi
That is JUST what I needed to see today :’) thank you
The girl magnet.
Looks like a subwoofer
/r/nocontext
"Yes, yes, it is I. Dog. Pet you can. Pet you shall."
r/thisismylifenow
It feels good to be a good boy
It feels good to be a good boy
awww poor baby
Why are you in a backpack with a corgi?
That one kid petting the other girl’s hand lmao
That poor awkward hand at the end that pets 0 corgi and only accidentally pets other peoples hand is my spirit animal.
Is this heaven or torture .what exactly is happening right now awww
Much attenshun
Poor soul
/r/thisismylifenow
Which subway do you frequent, because my fourth grade twin daughters would also like to pet your corgi
They are like zombies
That makes me so happy
that dog is so adorable. my goal in life has always been to get a corgi and name him Bruce when i get my own place.
Best day ever!
Ok but I’m like jealous of them brows
awww
Will definitely pet that cutie doggo
I've heard that these backpacks do a number to corgis, which is a shame because mine loves getting carried around
We are all 4th grade girls on this blessed day
[removed]
Holy shit this dog is so normal
Nice
This is the life of probably every dog that lives with children.
That is a whole lotta love for that Corgi. I love it!
“Be careful of what you wish for”-dog, probably
That dog's fur is now a level 10 contagion zone.

Kid hands. Nature's petri dish.
"I'm such a gooood boi!"
Oh my god! I LOVE EACH OF YOU!
Wanted to brighten my day so I log onto reddit, and this is the first video that popped up. Good job, Reddit!
Yes good I have corgi too
That glance at 0.12 and 0.14
Corgi's ears tho :(
u/mrsjoshgroban
The center of the universe.
Classic ChiMo move
That is the face of something that's gonna rule the world someday
this is the reverse uno card of a person being swarmed by puppies
"..." "......." "............" "guess this is my life now"
The train is either a R68 or R68A.
Doggo is nervous because they're not holding the hand rails. Safety boi.
The dog behavior experts of Reddit are so annoying.  Yes, he's a little stressed...it's not the end of the world.

Cute dog!
That's I've way to improve public transportation adoption.
"4 girls, 1 pup"
Corgi harem
then the girls' parents chase the guy down because their daughters won't stop begging to get a puppy
Corgi heaven.
A lot of dog experts in these comments lol
r/donthelpjustfilm
Hey look it’s the gonewild comment section
Haha, it seems quite overwhelmed :D
r/thisismylifenow
Lucky dog
“Whoa whoa whoa!! I knew I signed up for pets and attention but not this much at one time!!”
Looks a bit scared... Don't blame him.
"I have more of them in my basement, wanna see them?"
Random lady at 0:06.
I had to double take because this dig is identical to my older corgi expression and all
That’s the sweetest thing I’ve seen in a long time
This is how I got bit by a wallaby at the petting zoo.
This faceless kid in the back with the index finger has never pet a dog before.
So, this is the new candy?
“Get me out of here hooman.”
Dawww!
*sensory overload has entered the chat*
I can see the terror in his eyes.
r/WatchAnimalsDieInside
Looking a bit overwhelmed there.
This looks like MadMaxFluffyRoad - NYC and Instagram "famous".  I've ridden the F train to work a few times with her - it's pretty adorable when she's sleeping in the backpack.
Haha could it get any better?
Cute lil potato
Mr. Popular
The face lol
Dude, I'm an ESL teacher and I have a Pembroke, too. I just had a couple of students over and do they go nuts over the corgi.
All dogs go to heaven
On his way to meet Chris Hansen turns out...
"they either love me, or they're about to eat me"
See now, I decided I wasnt going to get a dog. But now, I wants a dog
Awwww
"This is my life now..."
This would be my grandparents dog. Hed be so happy he wouldnt know who to look at to lick first
“Help me. Please.”
He’s a pimp
“THIS IS DOG DISNEY WORLD HOLY CRAP”
Hes a pimp
I really am the show!
Corgi: LOOOOOVEEEE MEEEEEE
that little girl owns the same jacket I do
Dog: i'm in heaven
#THIS ^IS ^^INTENSE
He’s like “I don’t understand but I won’t complain...”
So is this a special backpack for dogs or just a regular one. I may need it to carry mine around
MADMAX FLUFFYROAD!!!!!!!
u/sockgnomes
From the perspective of the dog, imagine this: You're naked in public and suddenly everyone starts touching you... Lol.
Title and your username sound very strange together
What phone do you have? The quality of the video is amazing
Flash news: A pedophile disguised as a corgi achieves his life goal in a crowded public place. More details to come.
He probably think he's in heaven.
r/thisismylifenow
Happiness Overload!
Doggo: HALP ME
/r/thisismylifenow
She's lovin it
I like the one hand that keeps trying to get in for a pet and pets someone else’s hand instead
Looks like he doesnt know what to do but is enjoying it anyway.
He havin the time of his life!
How come when people and kids are given "permission" to pet a dog, they pet the dog in a way like they've never pet a dog
The thumbnail fucked with me.
Be careful what you wish for cause you just might get it -pussycat dolls
“Do these worshippers understand I’m just a dog?”
"This is my life now"
Queen Elizabeth I presume?
optimal aww achieved
Shouldn't matter that there's a bunch of young girls. Adorable pupple is near, attention should be had.
It's called "The Epstein" 
I'll go out through the side door
This is how I die David, stop filming me.
I have obtained the pats... but at what cost?
Dear Corgi Diary, today was the best day ever!
Nice cat!!!!
“On this day...I go to Valhalla...”
As a corgi owner myself, I can vouch that nobody can ignore the cuteness and call of a corgi in the wild
He is living for this
Wholesome!
Corgi:  “help me out of here”...
My school principal passed away a couple days ago (I'm fine, I didn't know him that well) and today they had a corgi and a couple other dogs for emotional support. You bet I pet them for as long as I could during passing time, too cute to not
That eyeroll 😁
Cute but he seems like :" one at a time please ! One a time please! ."
“I believe they think I am some kind of god.”
You don't need candies and white minivans anymore
What sweet eyes!!
I wish I was loved like this Corgi
Where can one acquire a corgi in ga?
Look at his face!!!
Weird Piper Perry meme
This would be so good with sound
I have videos of my corgi playing with this corgi
r/thisismylifenow
That's when the dog knew......IM BEST BOI OH YES I AM 🐕
this is the answer i've been looking for for the longest.
That corgi’s like “OHHHHHHHHH”
Man, do I wish I was a corgi.
Nirvana
Now they will follow you . GO TO THE VAN!
It does not look like puppa consented so many lovies!
That corgi must think hes in heaven
he’s in love w/ the attention
“I got what I wanted, but at what cost?”
That Dogs like get me outta here
I’ve seen this guy so many times and he is always so nice.
This dog has the same expression as the peloton lady
Poor bastard
I think she's trying to decide who she loves most.
HE'S SO CUTE!!!!!
Doggo's handling the extra attention well. That being said is he in a backpack? lol
Mad max fluffy road! IG famous corgi. :)
“Dogo”help meh human be useful!!!!!
lol that poor pupper
*help*
r/eyebleach
Doggy is a lil concerned
How I felt on acid at a party with all my old friends That I haven’t seen in a while
Now that's a harem
I think the Corgi may want the backpack zipped
Is this heaven?
Is the train of 4th graders on the subway too?
Will they follow him to your van too?
Replace that corgi with the *breed of peace*
This is like the doggie equivalent of a human getting smothered by puppies
Oh, my heart.
Divine
This is hell for the corgi.. What a shitty pet owner.
“So...many...little...hands....”
Dog be like "I'm so fucking overwhelmed but keep going ahaahaaa"
Confused noises
Sounds like the ideal place for a dog
I'm getting shades of those videos with one cat and a double-handful of ultra-friendly puppies.
If I saw this adorable floof. He would no longer be theirs. I would just up and snatch (jk would only pet but still.)
"Is this heaven? I'm so confused..."
That dog is thinking "Omg these things are going to eat me"
So adorable!!
I think the temporary stress the dog is feeling is worth it.  Probably made those girls’ day.  I don’t think every situation must adapt to the dog.  Sometimes dogs can be service dogs even if they aren’t service dogs just by being cute and getting showered with affection/pets and making people happy.  As long as this isn’t it like a daily thing, I’d be cool with it if it’s my dog every once in a while.
Everyone is so happy!
Dog is scared shitless
I got the corgi in the back ...
Corgi: I need to take the subway more often!
Dogs are so awesome, but if I ever get sucked into an alternate dimension where 5-6 anthropomorphic puppies did this to me I'd be nopeing out of that train.

Dogs are just better humans then humans are though.
"did I die? Is this heaven?"
Help me says the k9.
Heavennnn I'm in Heaaaveennnn
The poor thing looks so confused
Now time to try university walk B-)
Let me out. Let me ouuuuuuuttttttt...
"Hooman save me"
talk about WIN!
Mlem
u/vredditdownloader
So happy to receive all the pets
Pspspsps

Where ya cAt
This is dog heaven
His eyes
Dog looks a little spooked, probably overwhelmed lol
Great b8 pedo
"This is quite overwhelming but please continue"
Not cool.  Doggos need boundaries too.
Can only end in madness
Poor Corgi being swallowed by kids 

You should let him rest and pet him when he wants to 

Just like my cousins corgi/chiahua looking mix he loves Pets but barks at everything that moves but now that hes old and has a infection on his ears he stopped barking and became a happ boi
*Riding in the subway*

*with a Corgi in my backpack*

*Riding in the subway*

*with a Corgi in my backpack*

*Riding in the subway*

*with a Corgi in my backpack*

*Riding in the subway*

*with a Corgi in my backpack*

*Corgis come from a train!*

*They were put there to ease your pain!*

*and get pets from 4th grade giiiiirls*

*If I had my little way*

*I'd pet Corgis everyday*

*heckin cute furballs in the traaaaaain*
See those tongue licks? Dogs nervous and might nip at one of the hands in his face. Owners a bit of an idiot for putting his dog in that situation.
She doesn't look exactly comfortable, though...
You knew about the puppy tax before getting on the train
Corgis are too pure for this world!!!
Today I didn’t even have to use my bork bork, today was a good day.
I just imagine the dog being like... attention so much attention. OK I don't want this much gash
If I ever get a dog, it’ll be a corgi. If there’s a cuter race please let me know, i don’t really know many dog races.
I really think dogs might be the only hope for the human race. They have such a remarkable ability to bring people together, drop their pretenses and show affection. Hell, I have dogs and they motivate me to be a better person.
Those are scared eyes. Having children faces near those are dangerous.
Still not enough attention for a corgi.
The dog is getting molested
He looks a little overwhelmed, but he knows he’s safe- notice how he’s exposing his neck for pets and not acting defensive at all.   
  
I imagine he’s more like “woah... so much pets?! What did I do to deserve this?”
What a great doggo. All those hands and all those nerves, and still patient and calm. 10/10 would pet just as much as these 4th grade girls.
That dog is not comfortable with this.
I love the random little hand that reaches in for multiple pets but only manages to pet the girls hand below hers several times until she just gives up
Day 35. I can’t be sure but I think they may be on to me. This may be my final transmission, if I don’t report for my next scheduled checkin assume the worst.
This reminds of the end to a GoT season when all of the slaves are touching Daenerys.
Ga damn I bet it's freaked out feel bad
*I am the king*
This my people is what a superstar looks like
“This....this is too much love”
Reminds me of that Tim minchin song where he says something about a puppy in a promise School.
Cant tell if the dog is happy or overwhelmed by all the pets
Somebody tell me the pros and cons of owning a corgi as a dog. I really want one now
I see a good boy
*Confused happiness*
Uhhhh this dog looks seriously stressed
Yall can downvote me all you want but like if I was in the owners shoe I would be a little unconfortable. Maybe its because I hate social interactions but still like letting a bunch of girls scramble around would make me (And my dog) Quite overwealmed.
But when I want a bunch of 4th grade girls to rub me on the freeway I'm the weird one...
Yeah that's not cute the dog is clearly uncomfortable.
[deleted]
Idk why but to me the one on the left looks likea child clone of Sophie Turner
Dat puppy heaven
What a good chilled out doggo! Good girl! 😍😍
Not cool for the doggo.
The poor corgy
So little girls are attracted to dogs I see. I'll change my strategy and finally start profiting from the slave trade again
This NOT cute. That corgi is stressed to hell and back. And the girls are being rough with her too. But of course when someone gets bit, it'll be the dog's fault
Been spendin' most his life,
livin' in a pedophiles's paradise
That poor doggo looks terrified
He doesn’t look stressed out
The equivalent of an adult human being smothered by puppies?
he is like, "Is it Christmas already".
The time of his life
u/vredditdownloader
The happiest doggo in existence
Cope
Lol a glimpse into doggy heaven
r/babycorgis
I work a dog friendly store so I see quite a few dogs everyday. I have only seen one corgi and it was a service animal.  I would react the same way.
Pets and kids are a good mix! Pets = Calming!!!
> help
Corgi looks mildly concerned
