Just wanted to say, I saw the Husky House post on FB a few hours ago, and it seems like there are multiple people who are interested and in communication to see about fostering her with the intent to adopt if things go well. So hopefully there will be a happy ending here.
I Need video of this dog moving, at least breathing.
This is the title and picture everyone needs after a bad day!
It looks like she sees her mom in the driveway and forgot to defrost the chicken and knows their ass him get beat
This dog is waiting to be adopted at Husky House in New Jersey. They said the backyard breeders dropped her off because she wasn't pretty enough to sell. I hate people.
I recognize Jubilee from a petfinder post from over a year ago! Poor girl is still waiting for her forever home :( 
I incidentally [have photos of her](https://imgur.com/a/qZJF0fz?) that I saved from her original listing because I was forwarding them to a friend, if anyone needs to see more of her special face.
I would like to give that bad taxidermy some belly rubs.
“There [she] goes. One of God's own prototypes. A high-powered mutant of some kind never even considered for mass production. Too weird to live, and too rare to die.”

      -Hunter S. Thompson
I just snorted so loud at that title
She’s just had a facelift and some Botox that need to settle, that’s all
Is this photoshopped? Or does she have some kind of disorder that makes her eyes look like that? Don't get me wrong, I love her with all my heart, I'm just struggling to believe that there is a real dog that looks like this.
She looks like mid life crisis
Got that constant look of........."Squirrel!"
Not to be mean but r/WhatsWrongWithYourDog

Edit: Grammar
There's a puppy at the door saying he's yours
More like a taxiderpy.
I LOVE BAD TAXIDERMIES. I LOVE JUBILEE. 11/10 WOULD GIVE TREAT
[Nope! Chuck Testa](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LJP1DphOWPs)
God bless that poor fucking animal
She must be best friends with [him.](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/43/Stoned_Fox.jpg)
r/rareinsults
Her eyes look like diamonds and her ears look like triangles.
Just gotta loosen her collar a bit
This would freak me out every single day
If you can tech her to stand motionless, you have a great prank in the making
She looks very disturbed by what she is looking at lmao.
That looks says, "I just saw Mom/Dad naked, and it wasn't good."
Jubilee is adorable and needs her own Instagram. Especially to get her adopted!
Oh shit girl front page!! Weird seeing people I know as the first Reddit post when I open the app!
I don’t know how to feel right now...
awwhwhwhwhhwhwhw she’s adorable 🥺🥺🥺
Thanks, I just woke up my baby by laughing so hard. Hes crying now and he will never understand why his dad woke him up by laughing, No matter how many times I show him this picture
This is Jubilee. Jubilee gives me nightmares
r/nightmarefuel
She’s gorgeous!
I wanna know what she’s seen
Thanks. I love her
Her eyes look vertical.
you misspelled incredible
Such a unique looking beauty! Someone would be very lucky to adopt her! She will be the best girl💕
Why are the eyes like vertical instead of side ways?!
I love her.
I love dogs but I'm not gonna lie, she kind of makes me feel uncomfortable.
Idk how people find this cute this is really fuckin disturbing to me. I think shes deformed OP
So concerned
That poor pupper
thought it was for a sec
Does she blink?
Good girl
Omg this is the best thing I’ve seen all year on reddit. I love her. I love her face. So freaking cute!!
Absolutely amazing, a gift. A one of a kind; the kind we need in the cruel world.
Grandma died today. This helps. Thank you.
Now I’m imagining a taxidermied Jubilee where they absolutely nail it and whenever someone sees it for the first time and makes a face you have to go “No, no trust me they did a great job.”
Or just looks perpetually concerned
Please more photos of this doggo!!
Honestly, if I saw that dog in the middle of the night, I would be really creeped out
So after looking at the link someone posted of her up for adoption. The pic on that site is far clearer than this one. The reason she looks odd is because her eye lids are on the right and the left of her eyes instead of the normal top and bottom of the eyes.
It’s the dog equivalent of the cat from the “Stray fucking cat” video
This dog is so funny and I love
This dog is so funny and I love
Now I’m imagining a taxidermied Jubilee where they absolutely nail it and whenever someone sees it for the first time and makes a face you have to go “No, no trust me they did a great job.”
MOAR! I need more of this!
[deleted]
i feel like she might be my spirit animal
This is my spirit animal
That’s the face she makes when you don’t kick her off the bed when you’re having sexy time and she sees it.
She looks so concerned for everything and everyone I will protect her with my life
Is that a toilet seat on the left?
This is the look all the highest ups had yesterday at my job when they walked in after the Heat Treat Furnace exploded.  There was rivers of oil and water everywhere.
Your dog looks like momo
This dog has the look of "I just shit my pants in public but I'm too afraid to ask for help"
So many emotions at once! Confusion! Surprised! Concern! I love this dog!
I would freak out so hard if I saw this dog and it moved.
This looks [just](https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/9ewtcc/this_crap_taxidermy_currently_on_display_at_the/) like the bad lion taxidermy at the Shanghai Natural History Museum. Maybe it was accurate after all! 😂
Was she bred on a deserted island with just 2 surviving dogs from ship wreck only to be discovered 100 years later.
If I didnt have a cat, I'd have already emailed.  She deserves a home like so many other pups and kittens
What the fuck is that entity
I thought the title said this is what anxiety looks like, works either way.
she's so cute i might cry
I... that dog isn't real, right? That's a demon, a real photographed demon, right?
im scared of it
r/mildlystartleddogs
I HAVE BEEN HAVING THE WORST HEALTH PROBLEMS LATELY and people are saying I look like crap and now I will just send them this picture of Jubilee and tell them that at least I don't look like bad taxidermy

ily Jubilee
i’ve had the worst day and this just brought me to tears with laughter so thank you kind stranger
“They...they think I look like what!?”
She looks like she's surprised and also melting
Tfw you did nth wrong and got scolded 🤣
She's a good taxidermy
R/photoshopbattles
The sweetest bad taxidermy ever!! 😍🥰
Is this her normal resting face or was she especially worried about something?
She's got those creepy Stains the Dog eyes.  Just blink!!
Y’all say she’s cute but if you saw her at night on the streets, you’d shit yourself.
Now that’s fucking funny right there.
That's the face of a dog who has seem some shit
No Larry, I couldn’t eat another bite. No I’m serious, I’m stuffed.
I need to see this doggo in person it doesn't matter if she looks like a bad taxidermy she is adorable.
God did him dirty.
“MA! THEAYS A FOCKIN DOG THA PORCH, LOOKS LIKE GRAMA”
Does she have that permanent worry look?
Her eyes are set vertically instead of horizontally. Cool!
How do we *really* know this isn’t a taxidermy dog?
Moon moon sees all
The dog of permanent concern.

Is she part collie or shep? Because they always look like they're half insane.
r/WhatsWrongWithYourDog
r/rareinsults
Looks like a bad drawing but a good attempt.
On the plus side, we now have reason to believe that maybe it wasn't always bad taxidermy.  Just a derp that was taxidermied accurately despite its apparent flaws
This is me after work every day.
She looks like a DeviantArt comic
Hey MA! There is a weird fucking looking dog out here....
Currently up for adoption, rescue won’t let anyone out of the area take her though.
The eyes are shaped vertically and not horizontally like other dogs. O.o
I hope her being on the front page of Reddit will help her find a forever home.
Don't you mean taxiderpy ?
r/WhatsWrongWithYourDog
The amount of concern on this dogs face is worrisome.
This is not cute it’s scary
She looks like the dog you get when you hit random in the sims
She looks so surprised ohmygod I love it
FUCK!!!
She's adorable, please tell her I love her 🥰🤗
Omfg how has no one adopted this dog?!
I love u Jubilee
Long live Jubilee
Derpy doggo... so cute.
She saw what dogs should never see
This has future meme written all over it
Awww this dog it's so cute 😍
This pooch has seen some shit
She is beautiful!
Awh!! So cute. Even if she looks like she blinks side ways instead of up and down. 💙
MA!! THERE'S A WEIRD FOCKING DOG!
Somebody tell her it's all going to be okay!
Jubilee is very cute
Nope. Chuck Testa.
Nice try, Chuck Testa
This dog is my sleep paralysis demon.
Taxiderpy
I can't stop laughing. I needed that. Thank you 💙
doodle bob
Video pls
She is perfect and I love her.
Stop buying from puppy mills that cause inbreeding.
Am I the only one who had an uncanny valley-type reaction to this pic? Like, I love this dog and I hope the best for her, but I can’t look at this picture without a panic reaction
It’s the dog equivalent of the cat from the “Stray fucking cat” video
This husky was dumped by its breeder for looking like a derp and is looking for a home. https://metro.co.uk/2020/01/16/husky-dumped-breeder-looking-weird-desperately-searching-home-12069123/
It looks like she has PTSD and has seen some serious shit. Thousand yard stare.
She's been adopted! Check it out on Husky House.
r/badtaxidermy
ugly dog
They couldn’t get that forehead stripe in a straight line??
She's beautiful!! 🤭🤭❤
Her eyes are on the wrong way
/r/WhatsWrongWithYourDog 

go rack up that sweet sweet karma.
She looks like her eyes close on the y axis rather than the x
I think she is beautiful!  She has that "Can you believe this?" look perfectly captured!
My god what have you done in front of this dog?
I like your ugly dog.
"Blink, motherfucker"
She’s adorable
I FOUND THIS DOG ON PETFINDER and tried to contact the rescue for more photos because I thought her original pic on the site was warped. I am SO GLAD you posted another view of her!! Thank you! If I could I'd snatch her up, but I already have a husky mix and can't afford double trouble. :3 

Is she still for adoption?
r/whatswrongwithyourdog
More like taxiderpy.
Lil inbred
Inbreeding
Fuck that's an ugly dog!
😂😂😂
Face swap with a pelican!
Whahahahahaha xD
Not sure if it’s the title or picture or both but I actually “lol” there, thanks for that.
Jubilee has seen some shit.
Although she is too precious I would love to see some memes made with this picture lol.
Omg this made me laugh way to hard. Perfect description.
Perhaps some day, after living a good and long dog life, she will be good taxidermy.
It looks like she would blink like this (), If ya know what I mean.
Rarely has a title made me laugh that hard, thanks!!!
I’m really scared, but very happy at the same time
Im scared
r/cursedimages
I love her so much.
Creeoy asf
r/whatswrongwithyourdog
The dog is having vietnam flashbacks
What in the fuck
My German Shepard's name is Jubilee! Is she also named after the X-men character?
She has the expressions of an animal crossing character!
Reminds me of the dog from UP.
Reminds me of Kathy Najimy’s Sanders Sister character from Hocus Pocus.
oh my!
Shocked Pikachu Face.jpg
Holy fuck I love you, Jubilee!
Why do I hear the hl1 vox voice
She looks like she’s getting her rectal temperature taken...
She looks like someone didn't let her have a cupcake. Real Staines energy here. (Staines is the dog from that one clip with the cupcakes)
Why does she look as though she's seen something terribly concerning
I never want to see what that dog has seen.
I can't look away. I need more of jubilee.
that's not a fucking dog
I bet she’s got a great personality.
I hope all the other dogs will refrain from laughing at her.
That’s the face you make when you come home and there’s pizza already on the table
That's, special - https://pcper.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/bad-taxidermy-slow-fox-1.jpg
Aww
Aw, Sweetie!
Can we PLEASE see more pictures
The good ole 1,000 yard stare.
r/stoppedworking
I imagine if this dog had a voice, to sound alot like Sven from the frozen series.
That dog looks like a derp....
That's the look you give when you trusted a fart that betrayed you
Can we see more?
Jubilee is SO cute!
This is the face I do when I hear my mom's footsteps and I didn't do anything she told me to do
Am I the only one that is getting heavy John Carpenter’s The Thing vibes right now?
Googly or no. Her beautiful spirit was needed today. Thanks for sharing her.
Blink twice you need help
Reminded me of Wile E. Coyote

[https://imgur.com/yqFiO11](https://imgur.com/yqFiO11)
She definitely lives in the Uncanny Valley, but she's still adorable!
I would die for this dog. It looks like she doesn't get along well with cats. I would drive to get her asap if it wasn't for that.
Looks like a good girl to me.
she look like she seen a big spook
Looks like a bigger version of something I saw in a small Russian museum...lol it actually WAS bad taxidermy 🙂
For some reason it's eyes look sideways to me. Like regular eyes but turned 90 degrees
Lol..its true
Nice pic. Not bad taxidermy, she's just looking at bad taxidermy.
This looks like my first driver's license photo.
She looks like a facetune gone wrong. She is also adorable.
Makes me think of the taxidermy dog in Scrubs
I’d die for her.
She  should be the subreddit pic for   r/youseeingthisshit
"What is that Chicken Little is saying?"
Daddy, daddy, I’m so happy you’re home, probably, not sure. I love you?
Nice to know the Ronaldo bust sculptor got work again
Oh my god she really does.
She's so freaking cute.
Super cute doggy
I love you sweet Jubilee 💜 you're a pretty baby
I love her
r/concernedanimals
I JUST shared her FB post with my husband! He said we can’t rescue any more dogs right now and I’m upset about it
Those eyes are crazy.
She's adorkable.
Gosh, I love her.
Dog looks like he's practicing for Kabuki.
So adorable !!
Is she ok?
Should’ve named her Rowdy
I'm ashamed I laughed out loud. Too cute that's for sure.
I bet someone's gonna make a meme out of this.
This is the only ugly-cute dog I have ever seen that’s not a standard ugly-cute breed.

I WANT TO PET.
I want to hug this dog so much.
Not 100% sure if you need this op. But please sell a plushie of your dog.
Did that cat just do a reverse backflip?
That’s enough internet for today.... lmao
Aww! 😍❤️
I'll give a short plug for the Alan Alda book never get your dog stuffed. It's hilarious and point and also heartbreaking to so fair warning
Things are looking up for dog
At least you’d have a worst case scenario preview when it’s her time 😬
Aww, Jubilee looks astonished.   She made us smile 😻
[deleted]
Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit, oh shit
Scooby when he sees a ghost.
I want to love her forever.
"Ma! MA! THERE'S SOMETHING IN THE BACK YARD! What is that thing? Oh god!"
(W)oof.
r/rareinsults
Sweet little Jubilee is not the breed standard, but she is still perfect
MAAAAH, COME LOOK AT THIS DOG! IT LOOKS LIKE GRANDMA!
she is gorgeous
Kevin, how much does your dog eat?
Damn that dog is kinda creepy looking
Sooo... How inbred is she?
I would say you should post this dog to r/roastme but your title would’ve been top comment anyways lol
r/badtaxidermy
Jubilee making fun of people with no eyebrows
Peloton dog
Best she was adorable as a pup
That’s my dogs name & she also looks goofy af. I think all dogs named Jubilee will be dumb lookin
It’s Moon Moon’s cousin, Star Star.
instant advice animal
I would pet her every day and tell her she’s soooooo pretty.
What do you mean we're out of treats? TO THE FOOD PLACE HOOMAN! PRONTO!
Those eyes!
That's a great dog.
So her parent dogs aren't related?
It’s Ryan Gosling’s dog.
Bad taxidermy is the best taxidermy of all!
That dog aint right.
Literally made me say aww. You madman.
Sorry for your loss.
Poor sweet girl! She deserves a loving home and family. If I could I'd adopt her.
He/she looks anything but jubilant, but adorable none the less
She looks like a mudskipper, de-doink-doink...

real cute though...
I don't care dude, already love her xD
r/NamFlashbacks
Aw, she´s a cutie, just different, hers reminds me of animated cartoons' expressions.
Is she by any chance, blind?
Jubilee is my spirit animal
She sniffed too much...
Lol omg. She's a precious lovely creature and I adore her.
Your dog has the same name as me. I also look like bad taxidermy
I just want to give her love and hugs and look into those sweet derpy eyes all day.
Great caption.
I'm gonna have nightmares of this dog
How a word changes everyones outlook. Taxidermy.
Was a dog like that on Zootopia, or it that stop claymation? Can't remember the name of it.
Looks the the wife from beetlejuice
I can't look away
Tell her I said that she is very beautiful ❤️❤️
She looks very worried
John Travolta
New meme dog please
She's got Doug vibes <3
I haven’t laughed in a long time, this made me guffaw.  What a beautiful, unique dog.
Is your dog anxious, excited, terrified, happy, or having an existential crisis???
"yea I get that a lot"
She’s definitely seen something she wasn’t supposed to see.
I thought I recognised that face. It's the photo next to derp in the dictionary.
What happened to him 😂
That's the look my dog gives me when he sees me about to eat anything with beans
Blink twice if you're being geld hostage.
God, she so does!

Awesome title, lol
“I’m not fat, I’m just a little husky.”
Awww, good girl! Just like my cat, she has no idea she's different. 💖
I like this dog. 

Googly eyed silly goose.
Omg I could stare into her eyes all day. She so adorable
I will be sad until I actually see a video of this dog moving to know it's not actually a taxidermy animal
Anxiety. but a dog
Love the sweet baby!
Her face looks like the sound Scooby Doo makes
There are people you could say that about too
I like it
I think your dog is broken...
I just nasal laughed at work to keep from laughing out loud!!
I want her
The thousand yard stare...she's still looking into those tree's like its Vietnam long after the wars been over.
I love her name!  Let's prance down Shakedown Street with flower crowns - Yes of course Jubilee gets the best one!
Hahaha. Nahhh, she's beautiful!
This whole thread is blessed
Creepy
Do you have a photo with her tongue out?!? Insanely curious how that would look
Until she moves. I don’t trust your claim.
I love her and hope she gets a good home soon ♡
I’m super high and this dog is scaring me
That dog looks like a Japanese woodblock print.
Howdy
Awww!  She’s adorable.  I adopted my own Jubilee a year ago.  She’s the best!  All pups are the best ♥️
A dog that looks more goofy than my dog, I can't stop laughing! Thanks for this!
Is she 'pawtistic'? Does she have 'pound syndrome'?

Nah, just kidding. She cute as hell. She'll might delete this later...
I laughed so hard my cremated dog started to bark.
jeez, what if there was a good portion of bad taxidermy that was actually accurate and exactly as the animal looked...
This would be really good taxidermy if they were trying to make it look exactly like jubilee
Had an absolutely horrendous day. Definitely needed this picture
Oh my goodness.... thanks for sharing this, made my heart smile.
What an absolutely perfect name for her.
/r/RealOrTaxidermy
Oh silly moon moon.
How i feel most days
Looks like someone used a Photoshop tool to rotate her eyes 90 degrees 😂
Your first dog?
She's precious and I love her.
This gave me a good chuckle! Thank you
I need containment procedures. NOW.
I think she’s lovely. But also may have had too much coffee.
You should get her stuffed when she dies, that way it’ll look like good taxidermy.
She looks like she saw this post.
Did this baby get adopted yet????!!! YES OR NO??!! 

And please say yes :(
r/moonmoon
We need video. Lol.
I smell some inbreeding. Hope she’s fairly ok.
If it happens to look like "bad taxidermy," then that must mean "bad taxidermy" is actually "good taxidermy"
r/badtaxidermy

Like, mayyyyybe they'll make an exception for this  amazing critter!

Also
r/NTBDBIWDFTA
I love her.
She looks like she’s about to get another whamming from her humans, lol. Bark once for help.
I’m not convinced this isn’t bad taxidermy. I need to see her moving!
this freaks me out
[sugar...and water.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nywEwS6xitY)
This is the uncanny valley of the dog world.
Come on man! 

Like, I get that your dogs blind - but did you have to stick googley eyes on it?

That's soo cruel.
You're not fooling anyone...
Nope, chuck testa!
I think I drew this dog when I was 5
I don't think I could ever be in a bad mood with that pup around. What a goofy ridiculous cuddly face❤
*helicopter sounds*
I think her eyes are sideways
Hi Jubilee I think you are a beautiful girl
Haha I need this dog in my life.
... Big Bird?
I feel like I’ve seen this face before somewhere...


https://youtu.be/QFVSrjAXq6g
I also have a dog named Jubilee. She's adorable.
Why have you done this dog such a heckin big concern??
[removed]
Chuck Testa!
Zoinks!
Jubilee made my week, funniest good boi. The Joker in the killing joke LMFAO
Unbelievable
r/watchdoggodieinside
When your girlfriend grabs your balls way too tight!
You wore THAT to the office Christmas party?
OMG SHE IS PERFECT I WANT 7485748 JUBILEES
Wow i needed that laugh...
my dog’s name is jubilee too! never came across another dog w the same name until now, and she is glorious.
Nooope! Chuck Testa!
This needs the eyes award
I’m not convinced. That’s a stuffed dog
r/badtaxidermy
A new meme format!!! 

"My face when im at the store and a rouge fart hits."
No one 

Dog like shit man cat shit
We def need to see this gal in action!
r/taxidermyismetal
I wish I could adopt this dog. Since I can’t, I hope someone adopts her. And I hope they start an Instagram account for her.
Test
Put this dog in a commercial!
Put that museum prop back!
She’s perfect
HOAH SHIT! I literally reached for my gun when I saw this. What in the *FRIG* is that!?
R/whatswrongwithyourdog
Her face looks like Dug from Up. Squirrel!
Oh my god look at that dopey face I love her so much T . T I have no doubt she will get adopted quickly. Sweet baby girl.
so cute!!
Eyes looks like Momo's
I rather call her like reaper or something shadow are something more mysterious because that just looks creepy
Rowdy!
Zoinks!
Oh this is a fuckin cutie of a doggo if I’ve ever seen one!
That is one amazing pup. 12/10.
Dog.exe had stopped working
bless her heart...
Aww, gee.
She’s so cute!!!
[removed]
"that wasn't a fart.."
what a fucking cutie
"Rowdy, Stay! Good boy!"
[AY MA, THERE’S A WEIRD FUCKIN DOG OUT HERE!](https://youtu.be/sJeuWZNWImE)
Needs to rename her Derp
The red door in the background is what’s making her look ugly, trust me
She looks like she just figured out she’s been walking around naked this whole time
/r/rareinsults

&#x200B;

She is adorable and I love her.
Read the title, clicked into it, bust a gut... Legit L M A O
True
Damn, this one stoned.
No eyelids?
Poor things got sideways eyes
She looks like she hangs out with Moomins
Best title I've ever read
Those are googly eyes
Good puppet. Creepy pupper. But good pupper
This is meme fodder, big time.
r/badtaxidermy

Of course it’s a thing
Haha I really shouldn't be laughing like an idiot at the pic of a dog
atleast she's a cute bad taxidermy
She looks like she just saw something she can't unsee.
when you touch wet bread
Her eyes look like they were glued on sideways
Is this a form of down syndrome in dogs?
Cool
When the time comes I'll bet the taxidermy looks more natural.
She knows where the Hounds of Tindalos keep their treats.
I want more pictures of this dog
Lol I saw the word taxidermy and got sad for a moment. Then realized she’s still alive just looks weird and felt some relief
/r/badtaxidermy agrees.
SHE’S ADORABLE I LOVE HER!
Rowdy, no
A bit late, but you can submit an application to adopt her [here](https://www.adoptapet.com/pet/21909497-matawan-new-jersey-husky).
Wrong sub. r/funny take it away
This dog is so great!
Good boy, Taxiderpy.
 I know living people who look just like this. I hate being rude, but I have NO idea which eye to look at! :( I started to look at the bridge of someone's nose, and they said look me in the eye. I said which one and they went •_     *     on me.
fucking weird ass religious name
Haha just made me spray coffee over myself. What a accurate description.
Squirrel!
She's pretty
Love her!
This is what the pain feels like getting kicked in the nuts
"She also happens to be bad taxidermy. She just looks like it, too"
Nurse can you pass me the rectal thermometer?
Total missed opportunity to name this dog Moon Moon.
Is it too morbid to wonder how the dog would look if it actually does get taxidermied eventually?
"Eee's not dead....Eee's just pining for the fjords."
I love her.
She looks like she’s wearing a wolf hat 😂
r/whatswrongwithyourdog
She looks incredibly concerned.
If you think this dog is bad you should check out moose boy on insta😳
This is giving me stephen king vibes and I now am scared of your dog
She looks like she’s always sorry.
Good lord
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2291620/amp/Meet-Stoned-Fox-The-badly-stuffed-creature-reborn-Russian-internet-celebrity.html
Those eyes are haunting
♥️♥️♥️ I’d love to have her
She mustve had a pug ancestor based on that facial expression
This dog is so cute but also reminds me of Jeff the Killer with the googly eyes
jesus christ i nearly spilled my drink
If they make a live action Road Runner movie your dog has to be Wile E Coyote.
She looks like a drawing of a dog.
Oh my god.
Something something something all dogs look like their owners
Oh my god she is super adorable, even if a little doofy. I wish i could meet her
Those eyes have seen horror
what a handsome boi
i love her
This dog is terrifying
I feel like this should be a “roast me”!
Story goes, it's never blinked a day in it's life
She looks soo sweet
That’s such a good name for a dog!!
Watch out she’s giving you the crazy eye!
 r/funny would enjoy this
She's derpily adorable.
Concerned doggo is concerned
She is the most amazing g creature ever. Omg shes fabulous ❤️
That's a good eyebrow raise
Looks like whiley coyote just as he realizes he's not standing on anything and falling.
Just put sunglasses on him! 😎
Hello Jubilee! You look like a lovely doggo.
That is a *special* dog.
Imma tell my kids this was Balto
Is this your dog op? Because it may have tetanus
I...I have to draw you
  Is she sick?
Yo, Watchu mean balls don't grow back?
This is a dog on LSD.
That’s one derpy doggy. I’m loling at these comments 😂
It wasn't made by chuck Testa
Boop!
STOP MAKING FUN OF THE WAY SHE LOOKS! Such an immature thing to do.
She looks better than the Clemson mascot.
I apologize for laughing out loud at your dog. But I don't think any less of her and she brought me joy. 

Truce?
r/rareinsults
I might actually die if I just randomly saw that dog looking at my like that
She looks like she saw Satan himself.
what.. the fuck happened to that dog
There is absolutely no way this dog doesn't give the best and most awkward snuggles ever.
Mood
Oh my God I love him so much
 It actually looks fine if you cover up half its face.  Its the symmetry that's off.  It's a freaking Picasso Dog!

I'm going to have nightmares about that thing.
Ruby, the sister of Rowdy from Scrubs.
What is the breed?
Googly eyes
Sometimes I panic and kick my dog to see if she's still breathing, when she doesn't move...(fyi, I had a cat die next to me)

Not the most effective way, but it works.
LMAO wow no kidding! 🤣
Does your dog frequently borrow money then go down the block to meet another dog in the back of the dog park? Does your dog hug the neighbors cat and chat up the squirrels? Does your dog pant a lot and guzzle from the water dish? We can see her pupils. You need to face it your dog does molly and needs help.
Just imagine, you take him to taxidermy one day. Can‘t tell any difference.
Must have seen some other dog's nuts ripped off.
Does she close her eyes kinda side ways tho?
but is a good dog!
Looks like she just caught you jerkin it.
I love this doggo. Looks like her eyes are turned 90°
"A dog deserves 77k upvotes apparently"
She is pawwfect!
Cute dog
She has worried eyebrows! Please feature her in the next Peloton commercial
Cute.
Wtf
Is this a result of inbreeding or is this just a rare husky look?
As far as taxidermy goes that would be pretty high quality. They yes though... they can never get those right. lol
Jubilee has seen some shit on her deployment to Vietnam.
She just a goofy puppy. I wanna give her a good petting.
She's seen some shit.
Why have you waited this long to grace us with such an animal
She has teddy bear eyes!
She's adorable in a googly-eyed sorry if way. I bet she's sweet and energetic. And will take the shit out of a stuffed squirrel.
I love this dog so much
Need to train her to stand still in a antique shop and move when people touch her, then film the reactions.
The dog version of youtube celebrity Wilfred the cat.
Imagine if the guy from the weird cat video sees this dog. "Hey ma! You won't believe it, there's some dog out here giving me eyes. Ma!!!"
I’ve been laughing at this for about three hours...
