Awww!!! That little girl was so gentle too. She looked so excited
Let it be known: the baby human was the FIRST ONE to back down.
We just witnessed the birth of a Disney princess
The little “come here” gesture the child makes is heart melting.

Is this a fawn that’s been rescued? It’s so friendly. Do you know where the video is from - is it yours?

EDIT: Found the [full clip](https://youtu.be/WhviOa0-2t8)
The purest of pats
For some reason the line from Bambi when he meets his new little buddy the skunk popped into my head as I watched this: "You can call me flower if you want to."
And I can't get my cat to come to me
That's tremendous... But in the back of my mind I kept thinking...

Please don't let mama deer be nearby, cause she's not gonna like this.
This is Jarvis Landry's daughter with Jarvis Landry filming.

I can not speak to the identity of the deer or their parentage.
Baby is a hypebeast- Flexing Yeezy Breds like a boss
This is so special I love how they are both shy at first
Not safe to approach those things.  Their mothers are very protective and are likely to hit you with their purse if you get too close.
From Cleveland Browns wide receiver Jarvis Landry’s IG.
I'm not sure of the exact circumstances behind this incident, however as a PSA for anyone reading, please not not allow your children to approach and interact with wildlife like this. I know it's super cute but it can be very damaging towards the wildlife as well as not be very safe for your child.

Baby deer and especially concerning, because they can imprint easily on humans and lose their fear quickly as a fawn. This means when they grow up they will be in people's gardens eating flowers and shrubs, approaching people for food and potentially getting aggressive when not given food. Although cute now this deer will grow up to be a potentially very dangerous animal.

Not only that, but deer are tick vectors and can be riddled with ticks, do not expose your child to potential Lyme disease.
This driveway is nicer than my house
Freaking adorable
Baby human meets baby ticks
How sentimental.
You know, I haven’t been this choked up
since I got a hunk of moussaka caught in my throat!
There's a hilarious part of Building the Browns where Jarvis Landry, Odell Beckham, and Damarious Randall talk about feeding this deer.
I've always admired how so many critters just seem to know "thats a baby" when they encounter it
I love how (most?) Kids want to just pet animals. My toddler nephew acted very similar with my cat
[removed]
Side note, that’s Jarvis Landry’s child, and I love the Cleveland Browns!
I can just imagine the child mum and the deers mum standing arms crossed having a conversation watching proudly somewhere off camera.
Love how both of them are scared but at the same time they still trust in each other
Do you want Lyme Disease? Because that’s how you get Lyme Disease.
That's one brave deerlet. I dont even let kids get near me
Like a little dog!
That's one brave deerlet. I dont even let kids get near me
Gifs that end an hour too soon.
Now this is a repost I can watch over and over again...
So beautiful! Never wanted volume more
Awww and so gentle!
Best thing I’ve seen all decade!
Lmao that’s Jarvis Landry’s daughter from last year, too funny
Side note, that’s Jarvis Landry’s child, and I love the Cleveland Browns!
I had to double check subreddit before I got too awww... Really glad momma deer wasn't around.
Baby Ticks meet Baby Human.
Jesus fking Christ this is TOO WHOLESOME. Her little shoulders when she got excited, being a bit nervous and backing away when bby deer came closer, her soft little hand going to pat it. My heart’s gna explode. This is so pure.
So she’s a princess and deserves her own Disney movie. 

Woodland animals only approach Disney princesses
I love how unsure they both are of eachother. Ahhhh such innocence
Hmm looks like a future Disney princess to me
Is that kid wearing Yeezys
Guess he just...

Fawned over him

Yeahhhhhh
I feel bad for thinking this, but aren't we worried that fawn is alone? Won't last long in the wild, will it? Really sorry to be a downer...
TICKS
You see where I live children and adults get gored regularly because they get within 20 feet of a deer/elk it’s not a good idea but it’s pretty cute
Yeezy flex
I'd like to adopt them both
This is so cute that I'm gonna uwu!
The perfect interaction, goodness I love nature
Cuteeeee
Too adorable
What a truly amazing site.
Baby forest puppy
Little Cinderella in the making! Now there just needs to be a few birds added to the mix!
You can almost hear the cameraman say "it's okay" as baby human turns back towards baby deer
Innocence.  Deep.
It's so cute how they're both scared of each other
Where the fuck is the rest of this video
the baby's fight or flight response kicked in... then love took over.
Dawg check!
Really cute, but I'd be more concerned about ticks and lyme disease.
That's actually Cleveland Browns WR Jarvis Landry's daughter. I remember seeing this when he posted it.
Gets baby Lyme
It's always so amazing to me to see how intuitive animals are with other baby creatures. They know its an infant, they know it can't harm them, and they know they can very easily harm it. The intelligence of animals never ceases to amaze me
Little baby fawns little baby fawn
Such a cute video — it’s one of my favorites.
Now that she touched it the mother won't take it back. Poor little baby human will be all alone.
Many years from now that deer will come to her aid during a crises.
Two beings that don't know anything, pure innocence
There's a kid that will probably never be a hunter
Is that kid wearing yeezys?
Love how both babies are *fawning* over each other.
So cute moment when baby human take the steps of friendship towards baby deer.
Dog on stilts!
Deer ticks
one of the rare moments where a child can be cute.
“momma comes rollin in to protect her baby deer and kicks the baby” uh oh
It hurts watching someone else live out your dreams
That's Bambi searching for her mother.
And here we can see the Baby deer Mama YEET the baby human outta here
is this the porcupine kid?
Alright cute and all but don’t teach your kids to approach wild animals.
Awe lyme disease is so cute!
Hey but also this isnt a Disney cartoon, mother is going to smell human now.
I wish I could remember the source of this- her dad is a star player in the NFL and posted this (instagram?) when it happened.
bro the kid legit said "what a weird dog"
just two beautiful babies saying hello
 "*I'm* a *Fawn*!" it cried out in a voice of delight. "And dear me, *you*'*re* a *human* child!" A sudden look of alarm came into its beautiful brown eyes, and in another moment it had darted away at full speed.
Does this not mean that bambi is doomed?  
When his mom comes back she will smell human scent and leave it?
Your kid is wearing yeezys...
Cute until mama deer comes lookin for its baby...

Never a good idea to allow this, unless there is no mamma.  Even then it will not fear humans and be an easy wall decoration for someone.
Baby deer: *notices baby yeezys* "oh shit small human has the drip, she must be cool
I want to give this an upvote, I really do. But DO NOT touch baby wild animals if you see them. It can ostracize the babies from their mother because your scent is now on them. Very cute though but yeah not cool unless this was their pet deer.
The adult that took the cute video should check the child for deer ticks; ever hear of lime disease?
I still love that it seems to be built into our DNA to just pet everything.
0646, you guys have made my morning, so I'd better get back to work...
Yes but now you are going to probably take care of it
Baby lyme tick meets baby deer and baby human.
I’m normally not a fan of kids and babies, but i gotta say this is darned cute!!
Super cute. I hope they checked for ticks :/
Lyme disease is a bitch
Cute, but dont touch
Do you want Lyme Disease? Because that’s how you get Lyme Disease.
Surprised no one else had said this, but you really shouldn’t pet fawn like that
Family of ticks enters new home
Sweetest thing I saw today. 
But I ask myself every time why those kind of videos are so short :(
Baby human is flexing on the baby deer with them Yeezys
Very sweet but I can’t help but think the toddler may get bitten by a tick on the deer and end up with  Lyme disease.
poor bambi. it's not good for it to be touched by a human. Now it has a human scent. It's an easier target for other animals and the mother can refuse her due to her human scent.

Once I found one near by a forest and called the ranger. The first thing he asked if I touched it due to the mentioned above reasons.
CUTENESS COMBO 😍😍 😍
No way! This is just incredible!
waiting for momma deer to come stomp the girl like a tube of go-gurt.
So that's how one gets Lyme Disease. So cute.
This video is cute and I'm glad it exists. Also never do this.
I would never touch a wild animal because if it bites you and then runs away you have to get the rabies vaccination. Even if it wasn't showing any symptoms you just never know. I got bit by a stray dog as a child. It wasn't showing any symptoms and it was an accidental bite as I fed it. Luckily it didn't run away. We took it to a vet for observation and it died quickly after being there. They sent the head off to check and it didn't have rabies thankfully but that whole thing makes me much more cautious.
That is horrifying! Does anyone else remember that video that started off cute with a cat and a baby deer and then the mother came along and tried to stop the crap out of the cat?
Please don't fuck with wildlife, even if you think it's cute
Is no one going to comment on how dangerous this is?
Is that baby wearing Yeezy’s ?!
The child wearing breds is possibly the cutest thing in this video.
[deleted]
Very cute
I don't know why but the kid reminds me boo from Monster Inc.
Dang that Yeezy Bred flex.
I never knew him much I loved baby deers
Oh my gosh, what a pure moment.
I’m going to need life-long updates on this one.
This is so precious!!!!!!!!!!
I think my ovaries just exploded...
OMG, the baby deer is cute as hell
Both are cute pie... Deer feels baby is so cute and baby feels deer is so cute...
What is this  deer kid doing in the city?
The kid has yeezy breads
Oh my god it’s precious
i want to pet a ~~venison~~ bambi
Some Aww reposts are just so Aww they are delightful every time!
u/vreddit_downloader
u/vredditdownloader
are they best friends now?
This kid is royal. We all know that animals love princesses and princes.
So lovely !
This moment will be brought up so much throughout that child's life,  and theres video.
Disney movie IRL.
Awwww
Highlight of the Browns season
Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
That thing has ticks.
i hope they are best friends now
Oh dear
I hope baby animals find baby humans cute
 That’s how damn Disney’s movies start
*baby gets rabies*
Disney princess vibes
I think this is the sweetest thing I've ever seen in my life omg
This is adorable.
I didn't want the video to end....
Cutest little daemon
I feel like it cut too short, like right before the baby performed a Cold Stone Stunner
Yeah but Lyme disease.
BAMBI????
I'm gonna assume deer aren't hunted in that region or this would never have happened
So sweet how the baby pets it!
So your kid is a Disney Princess, dope!
I have no awws left after this
Baby deer meets human fawn
Its cute, but exceptionally dangerous for that toddler.

Momma is never far, and deer can lay a thrashing down hard in protecting their young.
Ah, yeah get that lime disease as easily as possible child


If you’re curious, deer are cute but they live in forested areas and ticks love them.
Its all fun and games until the mama deer fucks your kid up
"A sweet, innocent, harmless, leaf-eating, doe-eyed little deer." - Mona Lisa Vito
I'd be worried about the location of mommy.
That's so adorable
Canellaaaaaa
OMG, this is so precious!!
 They seemed like some nice kids. ＼(＾▽＾)／
Those little baby hands and those tiny baby hooves, I can't decide which is sweeter.
So adorable!
So cute but all I could think about was where is the momma deer, is this toddler about to get trampled
Lovely vid

This is what happens when you don't have language

Just an overiding urge to be friendly as the canvas is clear, no division just love xx
This is one of the sweetest things i have ever seen.
This is so cute it caused my soul to melt out of my body  

and now I’m dead.
Ends too soon
Adorable... now go bathe that kid in tick treatment
Ha gay
Holy smokes that was adorable
That's hella cute, even for this sub
This is Cleveland Browns wide receiver Jarvis Landry’s daughter. I forget her name but she’s adorable.
Like a puppy on stilts
Nobody gonna talk about dem yeezys?
That’s the cutest thing I’ve seen in a while. 
Much needed!!
You Baby, Me Baby
This is Jarvis Landry and his daughter
Baby Artemis and baby Cerynitis
Sweetie, there’s a baby dear, let me get this, ok, say hi,,  awww,  let’s post it on awwww, 

 And just the rest if it,  when the mom dear came charging in, on hold my feeding tube
Check herfor ticks!
This is amazing, that trust
That baby is wearing yeezys
Hold it damn it hold.....hooollldd.....HOLLLLLD.......I can't. That's adorable as shit
Aw so cute
Now I can face the world today. Thank You.
Baby venison
Bambi meets bambino
Now go check for ticks. Because that’s how you get ticks.
That child is a heart stealer!
/r/gifsthatendtoosoon
I was honestly waiting to see mama deer sprint out of nowhere and attack this poor child. Reddit as fundamentally changed the way I see clips like this.
[deleted]
Bambi vs Bambo
Amirite or amirite up top
Definitely belongs in r/gifsthatendtoosoon
if only the world would be that simple........we would find a way to bitch about it being simple.
Haha are those yeezys?
Oh my god I can’t even
That kid would be dead if the mom deer came
Wow, lucky I've seen hundreds of deer and I've never seen any of them get close to anyone. Also lucky the parent deer weren't nearby
The world needs more of this
DOH!  A deer
Miyajima Island off the coast of Hiroshima is a deer sanctuary. Deer will walk up to you and try to eat whatever is in your hand. It was so much fun walking around all the deer
Oh hi Bambi
It’s baby Juice Landry!
Awww so cute
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditshare

u/vredditdownloader
Bless'em

That shit is contagious bro.
The way the child gets scared and backs away is so sweet. What an adorable moment.
This is a rich baby. She’s wearing Yeezy’s
How come it looks like you can snap their legs like a twig
lil girl has better shoe game than me :(
Hey, remember that time you got bit by a dear
And why a baby deer without a mom. The kid is not shy)
The best part of my day so far.  Thank you! :)
Looks like hes having the lyme of his life
This is cute as fuck until the momma deer comes flying out of the woods and attacks the baby.
It’s all fun and games until momma deer comes out of left field and slams the baby into the ground.
Did it just sniff his crotch? I feel like a lot of animals do that
"My name's Bambi. Have you seen my parents?"
The buck is gonna come out and IMPALE the toddler.
Where's mama deer? Those things can get violent as F...

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32Kja9_dXVw
Check that kid for ticks!!!
Fuck that's cute.
I love the deer's little tail wag. Just like a little pupper
Peggy legies.
Aww
Awh🥺🥺
This was so wholesome
Good plan kid. Befriend it now. Have a "pet" for a few years.... Then, when it's big enough, \*BANG\*, you've got venison for weeks.

&#x200B;

\*Shrugs\* sorry for the dark thought, but I come from a family of hunters.
What happened to this baby deer?
TNB from a young age
Time to show Bambi to the kid
"human"
YEEZY BOOST 350 V2  BREDS!
Those baby yeezyz are everything
Are those baby yeezys?
The first Disney princess with lyme disease
Cute
This kid wearing Yeezys up in here while I’m wearing four year old docs that make my feet wet in the winter.
Aren't you not supposed to touch baby animals because their mother will abandon them?
But where is the doe? Because that baby is about to be ko’d...
This feels like it was the beginning of a great new friendship. Such wholesome.
I think that that is an NFL or NBA players daughter. I’ve seen this before
Bambiii 💕
Anybody else notice the baby human wearing yeezys?
Real question: isn't this incredibly dangerous? A baby dear would probably mean a mama dear, which could probably take that kid pretty easily 1 on 1. Is this dear not a wild dear? anyone? Genuinely curious about the safety of approaching a baby deer.
Wait, where’s that deer’s mother??
This is top tier blessed interaction.
This is just pure joy for me. Fuck all the bullshit of life. Smiling for this moment
I believe this was jarvis laundry's daughter from the cleaveland browns.
Isn't this a repost? Pretty sure I've seen this already
Do you want lyme disease? Because that's how you get lyme disease
You mean a fawn? Common, use your words.
Nice!
Humans shouldn’t pet/touch baby wild animals
“I am smol and you are smol too”
*camera cuts*

“Hmmm. Today isn’t your day, is it?”
The best thing that i saw this week, also am I the only one who noticed that the baby is wearing YEEZYS ???
/r/sneakers check the yeezys
Gifs

That

End

Too

Soon
Don't show this to Louis CK ...
I literally went aaaaaaaawwwwww!!! She pets it so sweetly :)
This is the cutest thing I seen today
Deer are beautiful ❤️
Weird that there arent any other with it, around here the always always move in packs.
Thats how you get your kid attacked by an angry mom
Im sure she wont froget this moment her whole life... i once had an encounter with an owl when I was 4 Years old i could pet her like a dog, i still believe she was sent from Hogwarts... still waiting for my letter thou...
I find it funny that baby deer will walk right up to people no problem, but if an adult deer here’s someone step on a leaf there out of their.
Yeah, hate to be that guy, but no human should touch a baby deer. They are born scent free, and their mom keeps them that way so predators can’t find them as easily.....
Aww, the little kid is so gentle with that fawn
Mama deer isn’t going to like that smell that little human left on her baby.
This melted my heart.
Feel like there was a baby deer that approached a wolf like this. Because it didn’t trigger fight or flight the wolf was simply confused.
I can not confirm the situation was resolved in a cute fashion though
Oh deer.
u/vredditshare
Snow White confirmed !
This is adorable!!! 

Not so fun tip: make sire your child isn't allergic to fawns before letting them pet them. Apparently im not allergic to grown deer, but i helped bottle a fawn once with my mom, and my eyes were swollen shut within 10 min.

Luckily just needed benedryl but shit was rattling
Awww
This is Luda’s daughter, right? Real life Snow White!
u/vredditdownload
It's awfully thin. Or it's just I feed my pets too fat
...and that is how our child contracted Lyme Disease...
It is very nice
That kid is taught well. Cautious but extremely gentle. Wish my brothers kids were that way with dogs. They're really not gentle....
I really hope her parents checked for ticks afterwards
Baby human pulled the juke move; acted ilke she was gonna back down then came in hot for some pets! lol #Boss
*oh so precious*

 I literally fucking melted
Awww
❌ 👁 🦌
Anyone else wondering why it’s there? Could the mother have abandoned it?
I love how they're both like "Oh shiiiiii-"
I love this even though it was posted a while ago lol.
Why does the deer come out of the trash though?
This post needs more awards
I thought touching a baby deer is a big no-no if you value his life.
Awwwwww 😊
Thats bot a good idea the deer got the scent of the kid now and the mother of the deer will not care for it anymore because it wont recognize it as her own.
*Hey human! My name is Bambi! You killed my mother!*
Why say baby human instead of just baby
Am I the only one worried about momma deer coming to fuck shit up?
Is anyone anxious like me to know what happened next?
My heart just exploded out of my chest. That baby human and baby deer.....<3
Now you have a nice dear and that memory cool might stay with ur kid:)
Oh? Your approaching me?
Pure innocence everywhere.
why do fawns have the white dots but lose it as adults?
forest pupper
You win the internet today.
the baby has yeezys
How cute is this!!!!!
Pooping 8:27am
Is that child wearing Yeezys?
Check out that Yeezy flex.
r/mademesmile
Forrest pupper
Curious: Aren’t deer a big spreader if things like lime disease? 

Not to sound all alarmist and shit, but I am curious if one should be very careful if one were to pet a deer.
And they were friends for life
So lucky I’m jealous lol
Lol that kids shoes are worth more than my wardrobe
KIDS WEARING FIRE YEEZYS
THIS is the wholesome content I come to Reddit for
Awww 😊 🥰 ...this is so adorable!
Do you want fleas, because that's how you get fleas.
Okay, but where's mom?
Lol
Innocence recognizes innocence.
Mogli meets Bambi
pretty sure they're both toddlers
I respect her shoe game
This is the sweetest thing I've seen in a long time! Warmed my heart.
I am pretty sure this is Jarvis Landry's daughter in Cleveland last fall. I remember when he posted it.
r/gifsthatendtoosoon
That's wholesome as fuck
So much fucking awww right here, i cant even. My even cant even.
They should 1v1 
Best baby gets free milk.
Wholesome
That is Jarvis Landry’s daughter. Jarvis is a WR on the Cleveland Browns and a great one at that.
Ohhhh , the real Bambi :O
this is so dangerous.  if mamma deer was near she would curb stomp that human youngling.
HOW DO I UPVOTE TWICE
Such gentle pets! :)
Sweet Yeezys
Oh no. The fawn touched the baby human, now the mother will not let back into the house.
Read this as Baby Deer Melts Human  


I was ready for that
This. This is how we get ticks.
Imagine both thinking "how cute"
That’s Jarvis Landry’s kid. Wide receiver of the Cleveland Browns. Went viral all over Cleveland last summer and they have a hilarious clip of Jarvis talking about it during practice on an episode of Building The Browns.
I'm trying not to cry
And that is how the child got lyme disease
Is she wearing yeezys ?
Cute until mama comes out and unvaccinates that child.
u/vredditdownloader
Everyone liked that
Not that it matters much, but I'm pretty sure an NFL player posted this of his daughter a while back.
It stops being awww when mama deer comes over and kills the kid for touching here fawn.
When a baby is more better at socializing then you
should i stay or should i run
Oh sheit, Bambi is real
A doe will attack if her fawn is threatened.  Just fyi.
This is really cute.
Aww, I saved a fawn about that size from drowning in a canal.
Yeezy Breds damn she packing heat
I swear this kid's motions and postures are the direct model for toddlers in Sims4.  I love to watch the hand twitch right as they see each other. Too cute!
I know a kid that was attacked by a mother deer for getting too close to her offspring
Watch out for ticks!
So pure
u/vredditshare
Toddler
That is just the cutest thing ever
[deleted]
Then comes the gheeto deer and it just stomps the baby and her parent lmao .
That human is not a baby. That’s a toddler.
They're going to be watching this on their vertical TV someday.
Hold up, is that baby wearing yeezys? Lmao
Deer made me think of the head scene from the film The Thing.
If thos happened with my son, the deer woulda been picked up by his neck and got carried around....
omgosh that baby is gonna grow up to be snow white
Is that kid wearing yeezys?!
Hello human. Carrot please! 🥕
Wasn't this Jarvis Landrys daughter?
That baby dear is fresh as fuck.
OMG! Both so cute!!! 🥰
This is so cute. I think my ovaries exploded.
Is it possible to learn this power?
Bambi
If you feed your kid venison, doesnt that mean your feeding a baby, baby meat.
and that’s how you get lyme disease
That deer was way too friendly for it's own good.
Can't the baby get Lyme disease from a deer. I feel like I would be to overprotective to let this cuteness happen
Bambi tryna find mommy but finds this kid
I see the lust for blood in that things eyes. The way it walks is like a natural cold blooded killer. Be careful of humans little one.
innocence recognizing innocence
This is the best way to get Lyme Disease.
In the food chain, they're both on the same level right now
This is so sweet that I might get a cavity
Thats Beautiful
Go Browns
All fun and games until the mom comes through and double hoof kicks the baby to next week.
The most pure video ever made...period
I can’t oh my god
Oh cool! Let's eat Bambi.
Made my day
A truly gentle child, bambi could not resist
Precious!
Get your child away from that deer! Have you seen videos of how protective the mothers are? Deers can be vicious
This kid is living all my dreams
The toddler is wearing yeezy's.... I mean if you have the money then whatever, but I still think it's a waist.
And she got them fresh baby yeezys bred
This made my uterus ache

I just grew a uterus and now it aches because of this
Isn't that dangerous? If the mother gets angry or has ticks that carry Lyme disease.

Wouldn't be touching.
This is the start of a Disney movie.
My heart
....aaaaaaand lyme disease
My heart! This is so cute
This actually made me go ”aww” <3
Those spindly legs!
That is the most beautiful and innocent thing I’ve ever seen 😍
An adventure begins!
How is no one mentioning the fact that the baby has nicer shoes than me. Yeezy breds
Cute
Disney™️
That's an NFL players kid, don't know which one though.
Aww
This is the cutest thing I've seen in weeks (:
Wonderful panacea after just reading the news! Thank you! That's adorable <3
Gif is old AF, bu still so damn cute!
And that kids... is how i met your mother
Man has entered the forest
Poor kid's prolly got Lyme disease now.
wow that's awesome!  if you're that lucky you should buy a lotto ticket.
“Henlo smol human, you are smol like me so we shall me fwends” - the deer probably
That’s so sweet
"omg wut dat,, it hooman? hooman just pet me, hooman nice."
That baby is rocking 350 V2 Bred’s... wow.
That's to cute
Pure innocence
Disney princess in the making
Awwwwww
This is to precious to watch. I just can’t-
My favorite movie as a kid was Bambi - I'm remembering why now <3
Wow! How adorable are they!!
Um deer carry lime disease tics. Dumb parents
I love this.
I’m sorry, but this is most adorable thing I have ever seen
I can't even get a photo of them from 500m away.
An absolutely beautiful interaction
Is the kid wearing Yeezys? Deer just wanted the drip.
She’s wearing Mickey Mouse joggers and Yeezys. Talk about drip.
Deer are such strange creatures when you think about it...
Tune in for the next episode: Two Moms: The Doe Strikes Back
This is one of the cutest videos I have ever seen
Omg🥺🥺
Lucky lucky human
Look at this little Disney princess, petting Bambi.
!remindme 8 months
Lovely but so many dear carry ticks with lime disease that it's just not worth it.
Oh dear
Ooooommmg
That little girl is clearly a Disney princess!
Someone should tell that dear not to touch...now that little girl’s mom won’t have anything to do with her!
I think I got some innocence on my eyes, anyone have an eyewash I can borrow?
Defunct Uruk by uyhhujerdetyt
u/vredditdownloader
Are we not going to talk about the little girls shoe game?
If only the rest of humanity was like that.
I wanna be the kid 😭
congratulations on giving birth to a disney princess. this is adorable !
When you literally exclaim "awwww!" you know you in the right sub.  

That would melt the coldest of hearts.
DAE le disney princess
Great, now that kid has lyme disease.
Fawn meets pawn
I love how baby human went oh it’s a deer... nooo...nooo....nooo...I’m touching u
I believe this is a video of jarvis Landry's daughter.  He plays for the Cleveland Browns.
I think Jarvis Landry took this video
Bambi 🥰🥰🥰
Deer (even fawns) can carry ticks that carry Lyme disease.  Another thing to consider is whether mom is near by, I've seen videos of does attacking people and animals when they come too close to their baby.
Do you like fleas? Because that's how you get fleas.
That's former NFL WR Steve Smiths kid!
Unfortunately, now, the mother will reject this young creature, and she will have to go be raised by her lesbian aunt, who has no idea of her magical powers. It won’t be until she saves her entire village from invading fur trappers that she will be accepted again by her true family.
Super cute 😍
this is just cute😍
Came here looking for people outraged at the parenting for whatever reason. Very happy to have not found that
This made me in a big doubt
Who is Cuter🤗?
That baby's little shoulder scrunch is the cutest!
It’s without its mother. That’s a bad sign. It’s seeking her out. Poor babe needs food probably :( unless there’s more to this video then I can see
Ticks, deers have ticks. Be safe ya'll.
I guess I’m just n the minority. 

Not an aww moment. Deer are prime vectors for Lyme disease. Just bc something is cute is no reason to put small children at risk of disease.
So this is suuuuper stupid. If Momma deer felt threatened she would not hesitate to attack this kid. 

Go to Deer Acres in Michigan if you wanna do some shit like this.

EDIT:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ADGn1GABF0Q&feature=emb_title
Animal control told me before not to touch fawns as the mom might abandon it if it smells its baby is covered in human scent
*immediately gets trampled by mom deer
While cute and all, you should never touch a fawn.  It's quite possible that it might interrupt the [imprinting process](https://ecosystems.psu.edu/research/projects/deer/news/2015/deer-don2019t-touch-that-baby), and it's mother might reject it.
Baby deer is about to be rejected from the herd and die. Never touch an animal, the human scent is terrifying to their peers

Edit: stupidity
Someone should tell the deer that now as it touched the baby human, the human mother will leave her baby and never return.
OMG!!!
Is it safe to pet? Like will momma smell human and be upset at fawn or anything?
[deleted]
[deleted]
