I've seen some of your videos. Good for you guys for snubbing Dr. Phil.
My husband has SMA type 1 and we've been together for 9.5 years! He just turned 40 and we bought a house.  If you either need anything or have questions or just want to vent please let me know!
She looks hypoallergenic and *so fluffy*. I lost my dog on the 5th so I'm still having a really hard time looking at dogs but I loved your chemistry.
Hi everyone, I’m Shane. I was born with a disease called Spinal Muscular Atrophy type 2. My fiancée and I run a YouTube channel about our relationship called Squirmy and Grubs! If you’d like to see more of our life (including LOTS more about our new family member, Chloe) you can watch our videos here: [https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdomP1JqhnyBQGaBmfDl4KQ](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdomP1JqhnyBQGaBmfDl4KQ)
Glad to see Chloe is getting over her trauma and getting out there with you. The adoption agency did right by choosing the two of you.
I met you two through special books for special people

Edit: its actually [Special Books by Special Kids](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4E98HDsPXrf5kTKIgrSmtQ)
Hey Shane and Chloe!
Oh this is the wheelchair youtube guy with the dog and the girlfriend! Great content, cheerful videos, happy people. Hell fucking yes, good to see you here.
Question for your dog:

“Who’s a good girl?”
Hi Shane, Hannah, and Chloe! I watch your videos all the time and my toddler is amazed by your wheelchair. You guys are charming and I think the work you do is incredible and important.
I’ve seen some of your videos on YouTube! Stay positive, you inspire a lot of people, myself included
Shane! I binge watched your youtube channel after your last post. You and your fiancee are awesome. I really enjoy your show and learned a lot too (especially the Dr. Phil episode lol). Keep making videos!!
Hey, I know you!!
Oh my god ... Shane I just love you and Hannah!!! Your relationship is something else. Your attitude, your sarcasm and sense of humor is truly awesome! And I love your pup 🐶💙

I just love watching your YouTube videos!!! I wish you guys nothing but the best of love and happiness when you get married and start having kids. Your kids are gonna be blessed with some awesome parents!!!!
Glad you can find humor in life given the hand you were dealt. Not sure I could do that. Have a good weekend dude!
Poodles are great companions. They are loyal, a little needy, and calming. They can also be quite vocal, hopefully she isn't too loquacious.
I got into a gigantic YouTube Comment debate on one of his videos. This guy was absolutely adamant the whole thing was staged and fake, that his girlfriend only loved him for the attention and money. Just absolutely ridiculous baseless claims. I've never been so angry about an online argument before, lol. Glad to see he's still doing great!
Shane,  you guys need to do an AMA
I just added a book to my school’s library about you!
My wife is in a wheelchair. She often says "Let's take a walk." and I correct her; "No, we're going for a stROLL.!"
You two keep looking out for each other and keep on truckin'.
You ever take it off any sweet jumps? 

Just subscribed to your channel.
You're sense of humor is what lifestyle about Shane! You're honestly living life better than most my man!
Ahhh hi Shane and Chloe!!!!!
I didn’t know you were on Reddit!! Hey!
Bro your sense of humor is something that this world could benefit from. We need more people like you.
Is this your reddit account? I recently saw you on SBSK and I absolutely love the way you and your girl are. The love and care and how she is there genuinely because she wants to and not because of pity or anything else.  I just saw your how to cuddle video and yes! Yall have it. Dont let it go. 

Ps. You're  gonna pass that new age they gave you. LOVE CONQUERS!
thats just awwesome :)
Haha great pic, enjoying the moment both of you! Cheeky expression on the dug as well!
Looks like a happy pooch.  You're a good dog owner!
Doodles are the best
Shane, you look as happy as your dog 😀
I just added a book to my school’s library about you!
Poodle?? This is a heart warming picture!
Weird seeing him on reddit,  I always watch their YouTube videos
Fresh hat dude
Would you use a mecha suit if it was out there?
Thats a dope hat.
Shane! Nice to run across you on Reddit. I love watching your videos, you and Hannah are awesome-sauce. And Chloe is a cutie : )
Hey man, you look amazing, dont let anyone put you down, hope she is your best friend! (I've never heard of you, but you look like you are doing great and you look really happy, keep it up!)
You two rock, you look like you're going out to face the world together. Have a goddamn blast doing it.
This photo made me stop scrolling and just smile. 

Whoever took it, managed to capture the whole atmosphere so well, the lightheartedness, the breeze and the sun... And there is a certain... peace and calmness in it that you can rarely spot nowadays. 

I wish you hoth happy adventures together!
Timmay!
You two look so happy on a nice day! Cute dog.
Beautiful! :)
[removed]
This would be a lot more aww if you wasn't in the picture as well.  But then again I guess you wouldn't get those sympathy upvotes huh?
Looks like you have a great new addition to the family. You sir are awesome. You have an awesome attitude on things. I wish you guys all the best.
Hope she brings you lots of happiness and friendship :) dogs are amazing companions
Are you Shane Burcaw? I loved your book and messaged you after I finished and I loved that you even sent a message back. You can tell your pup loves you and you love her too. Thanks for being an awesome person!
You both have long legs
[removed]
[removed]
Oh great, you're reaching out to another platform to shill your and Hannah's channel.  I miss the Tumblr Shane prior to her arrival. You're trying to make "disability porn" and WHY NOT add a cute dog too right? 

Not cool bro.
Timmay!
r/upvotebecausedisabled
Ride the hound
Great pic! Looks like it was a beautiful day for a stroll.

What a journey to be on! Hope you're enjoying it as much as possible.
What breed is he?
All she wanted was for you to be there with her! She seems like a very good girl and I’m sure she had the time of her life! Thanks for sharing.
Two lovely creatures! Cheers!
Looks like a nice day to be out and about, hope you good boys had a pleasant stroll....and roll.
I saw y’all on SBSK just the other day. Y’all make a great couple and are lucky to have each other!
I am thankful for the technology that helps you to be mobile, and your hopeful smile that makes me think maybe it's not all so bad.
Looks like a beautiful view!
I just want to be as happy as you, friend.
Props for being an inspiration to the rest of us
I'll walk for you my dude. You just keep loving on that pup.
Just ask it to come back there are tons behind you
As long as you both enjoyed yourselves, that is the best possible outcome.
You may not walk, but you sure do cruise.
This story has been awesome! I saw your post a while ago on just receiving the dog, and now this. Absolutely fantastic.

Keep it up!
Keep that positivity!
Is that your walking ship sailing away in the background?
💯💯💯💯💯💯
Life is good.
She’s a beauty and I wish you many happy hours outside with her!
What a picture. God Bless
See what happens when you skip leg day?
Aren't you the guy I saw on the video with the hot wife?
What a cute little guy! And the dog looks very sweet as well.
I love watching you guys!!!!❤️
Shane has Reddit?
Ball til ya fall brother. Looking good!
Beautiful!
the leash under the wheel method must make for a fun walk
As a Paraplegic I love this post.
Where is your hot wife?
Heyyyy I've seen you on SBSK!
Nice dog man. You two are a good pair, make sure that good boy or girl gets some treats.
Shane! I read your first book over the summer and have been following your blog since. Nice to see you're doing well.
Why do you need shoes?
Anyone know this gentleman's channel name on youtube?
How much do you weight?
Squirmy and Grubs! ❤
I don’t think you’d be good at sailing either.....
On mobile the thumbnail looked like someone just crouching at first glance. 

Glad you got a buddy to hang out with.
I don’t wanna be mean and if u don’t wanna answer I totally but what happend? Do you have a disease were you in an accident or? And thats all you got a cute lil pup there
Oh god I hate these people on YouTube, exploiting his disability to the max
 Cute pup mate, And your wife is a dime lol I’m jealous!!!
Good to see you here on reddit. Please post more or your family and lovely new member of your family
I know this is getting upvotes because hes disabled, but it's not that 'aww' sorry.
They see me rollin. They hatin 🎶

tryna catch me walkin chloe🎵
Love to see you both cheezin’ :D
Cute pooch!
Shane, I am so glad you got out of the hell of the upper Midwest for a few weeks. The Twin Cities are gorgeous but not this time of year. I lived in northern Iowa and won’t be doing that again. Have sworn I will never live north of Interstate 80. Enjoy the sunshine!
Omg I love watching your YouTube channel!! Congrats on your engagement and new puppy!!!
Both of you all look great. You all will be in my thoughts and prayers
Precious.
This is so cute and awesome.
Omg I follow you on YouTube!! You guys are so cute
You need to hit the gym
Bro, you gotta stop skipping leg day......and arm day, and shoulder day and chest day....
Chloe looks a cutie. May you have many trips together.
Awww just a couple of besties :')
My wife is a big fan! Thank you both.
How to get karma 101
What a sweet dog you have!
Those who can't do, teach. ;) Congrats on the new family member.
You both look very happy! It’s great to have a pet, isn’t it?!
Awesome dude. Much love for you and your doggy!
SHE'S SO PRETTY! Please boop her snoot on my behalf. But make sure she knows it's from me, because I need all the good karma I can get, you know?
Fantastic smiles!
aw this is so cute
God damn your funny man. Sweet dog!
Keep on keepin on my friend!
He may have lost his ability to walk, but he for sure has not lost his sense of humor
God BLESS both of you with tons of love, friends, fun and good times. Peace to you both.
This post directed me to your YouTube channel.  I have been binge watching ever since. Your fiancee and you are so wholesome, with a beautiful story. Congrats on your engagement and the new pooch! Love the vitiate positivity that you and your SO choose to inspire!
Is that the ship just behind your dog's head to the left of the pic? Looks close enough, if you hurry up you can still catch it!  :P   Love the humor man, I just lost my good girl last Friday due to cancer. She was 14 and we had her for 13 of those years. A wonderful black lab. My now 9 year old daughter grew up with her and it's so tough dealing with both losing a fur-family member and trying to explain that to your young child. Your dog looks adorable, I hope y'all have lots of great years together! :)
Shane!
SHANE! Love y’all’s videos on YouTube ❤️
I just saw something on tv about you guys!
Sup Shane! Always love seein you come up online. You met my college buddy Jeremy (photographer) a while ago, you guys still in touch? Hope you’re doing well and had a good outing with the pup!
Hi! I have to admit, a few days ago I binge watched like 2 hours of y'all's YouTube channel. You and your fiance are such a cute couple together 😍 

I think it's really awesome and brave of you to give such an intimate look into your day to day life and the challenges you face. 

Even though I fortunately do not suffer from any serious illnesses, you and your fiance still inspire me to not take anything for granted. To continue showing patience and tenderness to my family. To just show more love. To be the best person I can be. 

I wish you both decades of happiness and love ❤️
Props for the sense of humor. 

I’m sitting here throwing a pity party for myself.
Love the smile, the confidence and power of will... the dog looks cute too
I love your positive outlook and great smile. Stay chill brother.
I love it!
Very cool! Thanks for sharing!
Love watching your channel! Greetings from Krakow :)
Kick ass buddy!
Thanks for the perspective adjustment. Happiness is there for us to enjoy!
It seems that sailboat has also sailed
I hope you two had a great time
Hey I know you
Good call on the non-shedding dog.
Maybe on your own. You'll get sweet exoskeleton suits and mods before I do.
Is that the ship in the background?
Dogs are the best.
OMG Shane I love you so much! you are an inspiration and I'm so happy for you to get a dog! I've been subscribed to your youtube for a long time, and you and your girlfriend have helped myself and my girlfriend work through a lot of relationship! please continue being such an amazing advocate and great person overall. I would love to meet you some day!
Sup dood
I died laughing... my late brother in law passed of  MD and he had a great sense of humor about life also.
What a beauty!
Nice day for it.
Lovely
Man this is so bizarre. I was youtube hopping around and saw you and your girl on special books for special kids like 2 days ago. Crazy! haha

I'll have to check you guys' channel out!
You guys look amazing together :)  
I’m also practicing walking with my pup and good lord it’s not as easy as you’d expect, but seeing him learn and explore is so special!
Is there a way to prevent muscle loss with this condition or any paralyzing condition? I’ve always wondered, but can never find out.
Goodest poodle girl 🥺
Squirmy and Grubs!
Hey! I love your videos. You're a funny dude!
Sir, minor suggestion, i would not use that chair as a ship.   
However, I am very glad you found a wonderful walking companion! May you enjoy many excursions to come!
You guys look so happy together.....nice.
Lol happy you can laugh about it.
Uh oh. My youtube and reddit worlds colliding.
Shane, you're missing quite the snow storm. Hurry back!
Thank you for the inspiration. You are amazing!
Humor on top of toughness. Keep kicking ass!
Walk and roll!
Dogs are great for living vicariously through. I used to be able to run now I walk with a cane. But my corgi loves running his bun off. Hope you are doing well and keep moving forward.
Squirmy and Grubs are looking different these days.
I love your vlogs. Didn’t know you were an active Redditor! Kudos on the impending nuptials and the new pup.
Just finished watching your story about calling 911 and switch over to reddit and there you are. Weird. I can still hear your goodbye song 😂
She just looks thrilled!
Holy shit it's Shane! Hi! I watch Squirmy and Grubs and you both are an amazing and adorable couple. Many happy wishes on your upcoming wedding!
Keep on smiling, you two :)
I absolutely love you and Hannah so much! I first found you guys in my YouTube recommended after watching a lot of SBSK videos and you guys are so hilarious.
Self deprecating humor...i hate myself when I do it
What an adorable pic and a little lol.  Clever!
Clouds cant walk!
Ah you're a redditor
that title is high-key very sad but the picture is adorable so have an arrow
Shane!!! I love your videos! Happy to see the new doggo is doing well!
Wait so is this Shane's Reddit?
Gorgeous photo!
Grubbs
Cool pic
[deleted]
I absolutely adore this photo and caption!
The dog needs practice walking?
I LOVE THESE GUYS! They have a youtube channel and his girlfriend is his caretaker and they are just so in love and it's so fuckign cute I can't
I saw you on SBSK! You are awesome.
Bipedalism is overrated. Good to see you're enjoying life happy with the cards in life has been dealt to you. Many people with things you don't have access to take it for granted. Everyday is the most taken for granted aspect. Not one day has been promised to us.
God bless you
Hey, you two chaps look like a lot of fun. The pooch looks like it was made for you!
You guys are great! Sending a big hug to you!
Hi Shane! I’ve been following you since the days when you were on Tumblr and going to college and discovered your YT channel a few weeks back. Hello :D
walkin’ and a wollin’

or is that ralking and a rollin’?

very cool
Hey!!! I watch you and your gf on youtube!! Waddup!
She looks so damn *happy!*
You both look so happy! Beautiful pair
Your dog looks like a good girl and great at cuddling.
My doodle has the exact same harness and leash. You have good taste friend!
I know you, have seen you in a few videos.

Hope you still do fine and are with your girlfriend. :)
I'm used to seeing pictures of Shane everywhere since I follow them on youtube and instagram... then I realized I was on reddit and got extremely confused.
Hey it’s you! From YouTube! I used to watch your videos, very motivational thanks
Ahhh! I love Squirmy and Grubs. You guys make me happy.
OMG I absolutely love your channel!
Shane I saw you on SBSK! Your girlfriend is a babe!! Haha
Looks like you gat a keeper!
Omg I didn’t think I would be seeing grubs on reddit! OG subscriber here
I LOVE YOUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL OHMYGOSH YOU GUYS ARE FUCKING HILARIOUS
Oh shit! I just watched a video about you guys that randomly popped up on Facebook. You rule!
Is it bad that I recognized Chole before I recognized you?
Hell yeah!  This is a smile post.
Sailing is still moving.
Nothing wrong with a little...Walk and Roll!
Talk about a power couple! Good for you man. She seems terrific and I hope she’s a friend for life.
Goldendoodle?
Snubbed Dr Phil? You're a Champ!
Nice to see two honest smiles. Take care bro.
That’s a BD joke right there fam!
💜💜💜
That's a good dog. 
And a cool hat too
I want to see the dog and him sail a ship.
I did your cable/internet in MN. You gave me one of your books and we took a pic together. Glad to see you’re doing well!
damnit shane learned how to reddit
Love it mate, hope you had a good day! He/she looks like the bestest girl/boi.
Sailed or sank?? I’m sorry!!! I had too!
Aww Shane!!!
Nothing beats a good view with a good dog. Great looking pup!
Beautiful dog buddy!
How do you keep her leash out of your wheels? When my son tries to walk our dogs, the leash always gets tangled when Tibbers tries to walk anywhere other than directly ahead.
You look so happy!!!!! I remember when you posted the picture of when you first got her.  You have a beautiful little family my  dude!
I'm fucking loving the energy from this pic. Take care of each other!
On the bright side your shoes will always look excellent :)
Wait I’m so confused....which hand is on the joystick?!
You kick ass, man!
Lool
I like your sense of humour! That is one gorgeous pupper too! What's her name?
Very cool think it's awesome
Is this photoshopped? The dog is too cute!
Bro it looks like you take better care of your dog than most people. Love it when people take there dogs out
Chloe!! What a doll. Next people will think that shes after your money. Lol
I honestly thought OP was a poster or animated character at first.
That smile is inspirational. I bet you are an awesome person
Great photo! ✌️😄
Get it? Because there’s a sail boat that’s sails are down!
I'm am so spoiled and ungrateful, i have all the things i need and more but i am always in a sour mood. i wish i could buy this guy a beer. probably has some wisdom to share. very happy to see him living life to the fullest very inspirational.
Looks like a great day. More to come!
+1 for sense of humor. Take my upvote and hope your adventures are sweet
Are you the guy that did the Tiktok duet about footwork?
I love this.
Your smile makes me smile. Keep showing it.
You don't need to walk. With that sense of humor and positivity, you can fly! You're an inspiration and I genuinely wish you the best! God bless!
You both look really happy about the situation!  You both win!
I really enjoyed reading your books! I love watching you on YouTube.  You and Hannah are adorable and so is your new four-legged child.
Get 3 more and have a sled team.
Sweet kicks homie
Damn that looks like a beautiful day! I miss the cool breeze and sun by the water.
Is your dog close to being something like a maltese and poodle mix? My dog looks very similar but smaller!!!
Wow, I follow you on YouTube! Awesome to see you here brother!

No offense at all but I started watching your videos because I was so intrigued by how you had such a beautiful girlfriend given your situation. Just being honest. I’m so embarrassed that that thought even went through my brain. After watching many of your videos, I found that your personality and attitude are so incredible that anyone would be lucky to be with you.  I was so closed minded to think that relationships had to “look” a certain way. Thank you so much for opening my mind and I really hope others watch your videos and learn from your warm outlook on life.  You’re the man! Hope you’re having a great new year!
nice shoes my man
How great to have a best friend! (speaking to your pup)
I swear I've seen you in a Matthias710 vid. Do you happen to collect glass?
Love this man. Poodles are the shit!!
DK mode enabled
Which ship?! They all appear anchored. 😉
Making Bethlehem proud.
That pup looks freaking sweet. Gorgeous!
Tbh the dog still sees it as a walk. So in their eyes, you walked with them. Nothing but happiness to you both!
Great pic buddy
Hi Shane! Just wanted to say hi. I watch all of your and Hannah’s videos and absolutely love you guys. Give Chloe a belly rub for me!
What an effin gorgeous picture!
Look at that expression of joy and happiness. That dog is lovin it
Yessss!! My favorite youtuber.
You’re looking good my friend, strong positive vibe!
God bless you 😇
What do you have?
Just have "Chamillionare- Riding dirty" ready to go at any time.
You have a good sense of humor.  And a lovely dog.
Wtf
I read the "well she did" as if spoken by Yoda at first.
Which ship? I see several.
Hey. I know you. Had no idea you were a redditor.
I like your shoes.
[deleted]
You book laughing at my nightmare is one of my favorite books. If anyone here hasn't read it, you should because it's really good.
Shane, good to see you and your pup on Reddit! I first saw you and Hannah on YouTube, and have been following you ever since :)
I'm just picturing adding a little side car on your wheelchair for when she gets too tired, like those motorcycle sidecars. Fucking adorable.
Shane!!
So happy for you and your lil doggle (that’s what my gf and I call them 😊)
Many blessing to you friend :)
Dude how often can you get tires changed? Looks like your front tires are getting bald. Sweet doggy.
You are awesome!!!
Must resist...saying...things..
Damn ricky berwick looking good these days
True inspiration.
This is so wonderful
Mark Zuckerberg
Best buds 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻
Holy crap!!! I love yalls YouTube channel!!! I never thought I’d see you on my reddit feed! Congrats on the engagement/wedding(?)!!!!!!
Dude if you hurry you can still catch that ship...it’s not that far away. 

Jk homie.
Love you brotha!
That’s the dude from the second season of Sex Education
Been following you for years, Shane
Omg I didn't know you guys had a reddit!!! I love your YouTube videos
Neat, what a freaky lookin dude
Damnit man, you’re amazing and don’t let anyone tell you otherwise.
Hey I watched your videos in the past! Nice surprise to find you on the front page.
This looks like an amazing day. I hope to have one amazing day every year, then life is pretty good.
Was literally watching your YouTube channel and was simultaneously scrolling through Reddit and stumbled upon this post!
This post cured my depression :')
I bought "Strangers assume my girlfirend is my nurse" and read it all in one day, great book! Hope there's another coming!
Omg I love you guys!!! But holy shit I hated Shane last week. I was recovery from surgery and my smile line had stitches. I had the great idea to binge watch your videos and couldn’t stop laughing from the things Shane does and says. This laughing eventually turned into crying from pain. Now repeat 10 more times.
Had no clue you guys were on Reddit as well as youtube :) Followed! Congrats on the new pup!
cool shoes man
She's gorgeous!
Hey, I know who you are! Hi!
Shane and Chloe!!!! Love their YT Channel..hello from Canada!
We have the same leash and poop bags hahaha!
I read “laughing at my nightmare” a while ago. It was really funny and eyeopening
Omg they got a dog!!!
Did not think I'd be seeing Shane on my reddit page... nice surprise!
She’s beautiful!
Looks like my doggo
You may think that ship has sailed for you but we live in exciting times.  I wouldn't discount the possibility of getting people with mobility diseases a way to walk again pretty soon.

I think we can figure something out before 2050.
I mean.... You could still try....
Is it possible I saw you in a video with Chris Ulmer ?
You should try stand up comedy! (Just joking bro mad respect for your humor)
Have I seen your powerlifting video? You look familiar.

Edit, nope that's another guy. Y'all look similar though.
this is so wholesome :O
I love your guys book
Dude we should go to a EDM festival with you bro. You would have a ball 🤘🖤🤘
You’re both sporting some honest smiles. Most excellent.
I saw this dude on YouTube, dating a totally normal and pretty cute chick
Don’t know which smile I like better. They’re both awesome.
You are beautiful thanks to your joy. One disabled dude to another
Wait, Spinraza repairs the  gene for SMA, doesn't it? So after enough treatments from Spinraza, wouldn't mobility be something that could be achieved through a lot of physio?
You can never go wrong with a poodle.  People say silly things about them but they are amazing companions.  I wish everyone was a poodle.
HI I LOVE YOUR CHANNEL
OMG! I've been a fan of you guys since Day 1!!!
Dudes living his best life. Nice one
Great that you and your buddy are enjoying each other.  I can't help remembering an incident my grandparents had, though.  When they retired they moved to Florida, and as was common in their community, acquired an electric golf cart.  Grandpa used to walk their dog by letting it run down the road on a leash and following on the golf cart.  The pavement was much too harsh for the dog's paw pads and she required veterinary treatment.  Be careful about encouraging your dog to walk or run on pavement.
Robot legs in our lifetime!
Shane!
She has nice legs

Edit: The dog
https://resizing.flixster.com/E-Hn2KH2Gw7mQ74iHQR5w3KZ2nI=/300x300/v1.bjsyMzIzNzExO2o7MTgzNDE7MTIwMDsyNDY3OzMwMDA
I'm so glad you have each other's companionship!!! She looks like lots of fun. <3
Killer shoes!
What a great photo. You both look so happy!
Love you, Shane! <3!
Such a joyful picture!!!
Beautiful ❤️
Hey Shane! Hope you’re doing well! Read your book and really connected with your story. I have SMA type 2 and related with you a ton.
Doodles are the best!
What happens if the dog poops? You clean it up? Like serious question.
Okay, super weird, but did you get your masters at Uiuc? I remember a posting of you looking for a caretaker, but unsure where at.
Impressive sense of humor. I dont think I'd "aww" about it..more so than seriously be impressed. 

I have a friend in similar condition to you.. plus he has speech problems.. gets frustrated when ppl can't understand him but I always could ..so we clicked.

The amount of survive in him despite his limitations inspires me quite often. Dude is one of my heroes. He hustles and doesn't let anything or anyone slow him down. 
Been going through a lot of trying times myself but I see him and dude is just an inspiration.
And seems you have the mindstate to be that to others too. Much respect bro.
What a beautiful dog! A standard poodle right? I have two small poodles and hope to get a larger poodle some day soon!
AWESOME!!!
looking at t picture it’s hard to tell wich one is actually at the end of the leash
You made me laugh out loud, good for you dude. Your a funny fuck.
Savage self burn. You're a hero for a multitude of reasons and I wish you the very best.
He looks like he is a normal guy on  content-aware scale video
Nice kicks sir. Keep that heat up.
How old is she?
Ah! I love you guys! I watch your videos on my lunch break. Thank you for the smiles you give me!
Nice
Dude! That was hilarious! Great sense of humor! Wish you all the best in this world and the next!
SHANE!!! LOVE YOUR BOOK!!!
She's a standard poodle, right?  Most awesome dogs on the planet IMO.  You have a true friend for life in her, and she doesn't give a damn if you can walk or not, as long as you're with her.
SHANE!!! I’ve always wondered if you had a reddit. So happy to see you on here!!
The fact that the world thinks it's inspiring that disabled people date 'normal people' keeps the stereotypes going.
I’m subbed to your channel on YouTube you’re funny bro
Is that a cavoodle??
You’re very blessed to have such a great buddy..
I love when u guys post! Keep it up!
Fresh sneaks....what are those?
Lookin good bro!
Is that a Goldendoodle?
Dude love your attitude on life wish I felt that awesome.
Love that smile!
Positivity that one needs. Thanks for spreading the positivity dear sir. You surely are an inspiration for many to not give up the fight. 

Thanks once again. God bless. 🙏🙏🙏
Oh snap! I’ve been missing your Tumblr presence, will check out your YT!
You're very lucky to have such a beautiful dog.
Dogs bruh
Brain controlled exoskeleton suits are not far off I think. I'm sure they will be cost prohibitive and not covered by insurance though.
Did you see Dr. Phil's home? 
A glaring example of poor taste.
Youre a good looking guy.
Cute dog
What a beautiful outlook on life you have!
 You look awesome man! And incredible breed you got. Lots of love from Sweden!
Truly Mans best friend!
Pfft. You got legs. 

Lieutenant Dan didn’t. 

Get up big boy!

Kidding aside, great photo. Glad to see you doing so well.
Now that is a beautiful person.
Subscribed to your YouTube channel. Love watching you guys ❤️
Is your dog a Labradoodle? Looks like one. I have a Labradoodle and they are, in my opinion, one of the sweetest and smartest breeds I’ve ever had.
Digging those shoes, the pup rules too :)
🤘🏻
Never give up.  Become a cyborg and force the walkers to do your bidding.
This is so beautiful
I liked your pun.
You can just fuck right off.  You got me
Squirmy& Grubs! Love you guys! I hope all is well!
Hey ive seen you on you tube great doggie keep doing you
:)
Ah, she's beautiful! Pardon my stupid but what breed? She looks poodle-y... 
You look so happy together too! Best love to you both :)
Good looking dog!
Wow that charisma! I liked you as a person in one sentence lol
Hey Shane and Hannah! Love your videos!!
Your brains gotta be working since you turned of all the background tasks it used to run lol thanks for the sense of humor
OMG HI SHANE!
Love your YouTube channel :)
Hi Shane!! I love 💕 Squirmy and Grubs on YouTube🥰.  Been a long-time subscriber 👍🏼
I read your book, very nicely written, and best of all, memorable!
Sup Sheen, been a while
[deleted]
I ADORE YOU GUYS!!!!!
Ngl, I thought that was photoshopped.
She is perfect!
Nice job bro good to see people with life changing disabilities staying positive good job (:
Love it.
Is that Flagler Drive in West Palm Beach in the background? Looks like we’re local!
Haha! Way to stay positive about it. What a nice day for it too
omg i love you and ur gfs youtube channel
Squirmy and grubs!  Love em’!
What a good joke!
You are on Reddit? That’s cool! Adorable pupper 😍
What kind of harness is that?
She needs your love.
We got your children's book at the library I work at. You guys did a great job on it!
fucking classic
Does anyone else think that he resembles Paul Rudd a bit?
r/13and30
Dude, are you a Union fan???
Y’all kinda look a like lol, cheesin’
The ship doesn't have sails it looks like a shipping boat 689 coco flow oz bound. A ship that sails is either a sail boat or a pirate ship
You do you man. I'm rooting for you man!!!
Love your channel
DR. PHIL isn't even a real doctor he is a total fraud! He is garbage TV.
She's magnificent. Press on Bub.
Dogs are the best animals on 🌎
There are so many people pissed off on here saying that they are whoring their popularity or trying to pull in more people to their channel, as if that’s not what they SHOULD be doing to get their message across. I imagine commercials must REALLY upset these people if this small of a promotion irritates them.
this dude is also hilarious.  read one of his books. loved it
Love this! Beautiful post. 🌞
Look, I'm not trying to be an ass or anything, I'm just genuinely curious. Why do people who cant walk wear tennis shoes? Why not like thermal socks or something?
Where’s your sailor hat?
.js ?
Hello from @twocanadianragdolls on Instagram!! We love you guys, as always 🥰❤️ so happy for your new pupper! Great photo Shane
You look like the guy from “The Intouchables” (that’s a good thing)
Shane!! I remember you from livejournal I think or something similar. So happy to see you thriving.
Good looking fella! Cute dog too...
Y'all have been on my "Favorite" list on YouTube since a yr ago. Love watching y'all and daily happenings. You're both just ...true..True living and chatting away while filming; makes me feel like I'm actually right there..I'd love to see your pupper more often and how much fun she's having too.
OMG HI SHANE AND HANNAH AND CHLOE I LOVE YOU GUYS
Those are some cool shoes though, addidas?
Good boy!
SHAAAAANE!
Aww. Gorgeous dog!! Is that a Labradoodle?
Aww Shane!
Don't give up yet! Practice makes perfect!
she is so cute i can’t handle it look at her she looks so proud and happy ahhhh
Is that a ladradoodle?
His wife is a total babe
You guys look happy together.  A man and his dog enjoying the sunshine.
Bless you two. May your life be filled with adventures and joy.
Hi, Shane. I'm so happy you and Hannah got Chloe...Are you training her or is she training you?
Cute overload
r/forcedaww
Looking good player!
She's a beautiful pup!  :)
What a crummy photoshop that is! Jeez!
NICE DAY FOR A CRUISE WITH THE PUP
In the words of the once great Ludacris, roll out sir.
This makes my heart happy ❤
Looks like a beautiful day to get out and about! Lots of scritches for your puppers!!
what is your dog brand
Poor me Karma. Love it!
SBSK love !
Was that a sailing joke or not? It was a little too deep for me
Was that ano ocean joke or not? It was a little too deep for me
Wholesome af
Love your sense of humor, amigo. Keep smilin'.
You guys are an awesome team! Looks like you make each other very happy:)
Try standing up😂
Lucky dog!!!
This is the cutest thing I've seen yet, hope everything's good
Echenique.
What a boootiful pup. What breed is she?
I dig your style, bro.
Shane! I’m from your hometown, buddy. I saw you speak a couple years ago at NCC. Always a happy surprise when you grace my front page.
HI!
Hi shane!
Poodles are great friends!
Found your YouTube Channel the other day, really love you two
r/theyknew
Eeeey :D

Following you guys on YouTube and now turning up on my front page - what a great day :)
I love watching your videos. Both of you guys are so sweet and funny.
Fancy seeing you here! Love your videos!
Your face looks so much like my brother’s face, it’s uncanny. Well, when he was younger anyways, not so much anymore.
Omg. 

I love a big, beautiful, doodle. ❤️
!remindme 50 hours

So awesome
I’ve been following you and your fiancé’s story on YouTube! You’re so funny Shane and you have a great outlook on life! Best wishes to you and your little family!
You look hot with your beanie on :-))))
You’re pupper is so cute! You two make a good pair.
Love your channel, keep it up.
Are disabilities cute? Is that why this is here?
Cute doggy
This is why you should drink milk kids.  See what happens?
Hi Shane
now you know what to expect!  the average number of times to smell poop during a walk and like it is 0-13 times.
Are you the dog?
You rock man! Keep on keepin on!
This is so wholesome
❤️❤️
Awesome dog man.  Cool view too
Literally watching Hannah try on dresses on YouTube!  Thanks for being great!
Never skip leg day 💪💪🦵🦵💪💪
I'm all for harnesses instead of collars on pets. But wouldn't this type of harness restrict the dog's ability to extend the forelegs (shoulders) to the full?

And why the need for the collar *and* the harness?

Very wholesome post and picture and title tho! Harness collar situation aside; you both look very happy, and that's great!
I love squirmy and grubs! You're hilarious Shane! Keep doing what you do
I don't see walk in the saying, "Live to the fullest.". My dude keep going to the fullest. BTW beautiful dog you've got there.
Speaking as a photographer, the joy in this image says it all. Such a moment.
Heh
I though poodles were Bloods not Crips
r/13or30 but not how you expect
Looks like a beautiful day for a walk.
Where'd you get those shoes bro?
Oh...i forgot...Vote Bernie!
Didn't know you had a Reddit account Shane. Time for me to do some stalkin (Not that kind, I don't need to know your childhood phone number!)
You got an awesome looking dog dude! You two are going to have alot of awesome years together !

I consider my dogs two of my best friends
All I see is redditors being over sympathetic towards another handicap person.  My dream is to be treated like everyone else.  Not a front page star because I'm different.  Fuck this type of thing!!!
Posts like these really make my day. Thank you for this
oh my god I didn’t know Shane used reddit so i just looked at the photo and the username and the username wasn’t his usual handle for his other social medias so i thought someone stole this photo to get upvotes and i was about to GO OFF. So happy i found out it was actually Shane. I love y’all! your videos are the best!
[removed]
Great pic!
It’s cool to see you two on the front page of reddit!
[deleted]
So glad you’re out & about. You’re not only getting valuable fresh air and being in nature with your buddy, you’re raising all your good hormones! 
Good job!
Shane and Hannah! A very snowy Minnesotan hello to you both! :)
I FORGOT YOU EXISTED! I’m so happy now I have to go back and catch up!
Hi Shane! I’ve followed you on Instagram for years, a friend of mine has SMA II and it’s because I saw you talking about Spinraza that she had begun treatment. Happy to see you on another platform :) love from Chloe’s neighbor in Michigan!
Shit I have watched your videos, you are an amazing couple
Ahhh, my day is now complete. ❤
You can still walk if you truly believe you can.
