Animals gets so tripped out when their owner exercises! 

Insert any at-home yoga videos, any one where the human happens to have a pet
He is doing he very best.
Me receiving communion with my family when I haven't been to church in years.
"What are we doing? Why are you being weird? Are we going outside, or sitting on the couch after this? What's going on?"
Bob Barker does not approve.
The Ministry Of Silly Dogs?
When my girlfriend brings me to yoga.
only issue with this is that he needs to keep his knees above his feet.
That dip with legs spread is dog body language for 'play with me!' So the dog is doing it back and then getting confused that playtime isn't happening.
[deleted]
The other dog obviously couldn't care less. 

"Yo, can you finish whatever your are doing quickly so you can take me for a walk?"
Ha! This was one of the cutest things I've seen in a long time! He was trying his best \^\^
So cute
I am a tutor, so I visit many homes.  One day I was visiting a home, and someone had their great dane out in the front yard doing his business.  As soon as I got out of the car, the GD galoomphed over to me and blocked my way (stood sideways in front of me) until I petted him.
r/copydog
This is me in any online co-op game.
"The Ministry of Silly Dog Walks"--Monty Python would be so proud!
Am do rite?
Doggo knows not to skip leg day, at least.
Thats dogs balls are bigger than that kids head!
Awesome.  He is clearly trying to participate!
I think he is doing puppy play bows, thinking the guy is doing puppy play bows. It probably seems really exciting at first until he realizes (eventually) that maybe the guy is a bit of a daft puppy and doesn't know how to play, only initiate.

\*I am grammarly.
r/greatdane
That may be the cutest thing I’ve ever seen
This pupper is melting a cat lady's heart. Damn this adorable beast.
I fricken love dogs. They are just such precious beings!
r/petthedamndog
What'cha doin' on the floor?  
What'cha doin by the door?  
Can I do it too wit' you?  
I'll bow too, I do I do!

What'cha doin' on the floor?  
What'cha doin by the door?  
I'll galoomph over.  
Let's do more!
OMG so adorable!
Oh man I love that dog.
human forward lunge = doggie play bow
Aww,if I was in his place, I couldn't have resisted myself,I would've given that doggo a big hug first. Uwu
When do his knees blow out?
Nice balls
Paging /u/SchnoodleDoodleDo
Honestly - this made my day
Awesome
L U N G E S
He is doing a great job
That may be the cutest thing I’ve ever seen
LOL cute.  When my husband does his back physical therapy my dog will lay next to him and get on her back, flail about and then get up to lick his face.
human forward lunge = doggie play bow
u/vredditdownloader
He gets the concept, just doesn't have the right kind of knees.
Monty Python 'Ministry of Silly Walks'!
The Dog from The Ministry of Silly Walks.
Ministry of Silly Walks lol
Poor form. Needs a PT

(Me. I’m the PT. Send him to me please.)
WARNING: hey OP I hope this message reaches the man in the video. This is obviously very cute and funny, but the man in the video is loading his knees in the wrong way and risks injury. When lounging, the knees shouldn’t move forward as you load the leg. That feels easier so your body will try to go that way, but that pushes your patella out. You should load weight so that the knee stays above the foot. Doing many repetitions of this might injury your meniscus or your tendons. Hope you see this friend !
All I see is black Scooby Doo working his rip ass body
The best of bois.

Growing up my buddy had a Great Dane named Alfie and when we would play soccer in the backyard he used to stand in front of the goal with my buddy and try to block balls.

He was so silly. I also remember when we would play basketball and there was a rebound, Alfie would jump up and try to "rebound" it which usually led to us chasing the ball further.
"I must learn to speak your language!"
VERY GOOD BOY 13/10
Downward Dog
u/VredditDownloader
You should apply for a Government grant at the Ministry of Silly walks.
LOVE IT
Downward dog...and repeat.
He thinks he's people!
I love large puppy
So cute
just give him a hug!
This is fucking hilarious! Lol
I wonder what the reaction would be to "Ministry of silly walks"
Your horse would be very welcome at the ministry of silly walks
I thought his front right leg was his nut sack at first glance.
Instantly reminded me of the Ministry of Silly Walks.
The guy is doing those incorrect to say the least lol.
Walking lunges, that dog is going to be sore in the morning
Hahahahahha look at the doggo!!! Haha cute
[I don't know I don't understand](https://i.imgur.com/l7huskZ.jpg).
r/contagiouslaughter
This walk is so silly
i love inside jokes. I would love to be part of one some day.
That dog has massive balls
Aww what a doggy legend
If you had 4 legs wouldn't that be how'd you do it too?  Lol
So cute, but I found myself yelling, "Pet the good boy!!"
This title has described my marriage. And it's worked so far!
[removed]
The doggo in the corners prolly thinking “Think for yourself, stop being such a sheep, Moon Moon.
Look at all those rewards for this ancient repost.
Bureau of Silly Walks?

P.S. Confuse a Dog Service?
I hate how this repost got over 100k upvotes
What breed of dog is that?
Those balls tho
Hoomans sure have some weird games, but I happy to play!
He's such a sweetheart awwwww
Now you stop letting those knees go in front of your toes, mister.
That is SO CUTE‼️ He’s all about supporting his human❣️
This is so cute😂 what a smart pup!!
if we do sports, we do it together
u/vredditdownloader
What kind of dog is that?!
What breed is this does anyone know?
I will always upvote this video no matter how many times it is reposted.
pet the damn dog
Acknowledge your dog, you animal!  

He's so eager to support you.
I like how everyone joins in lol
What a happy horse
What a smart doggie!
Oh, how wonderous life must be with giant, stupid dog doing lunges with you.
I love Great Danes so much!
The goodest of bois
Lunge, good boy, lunge!!
Such a sweet sweet dog.
r/rarepuppers
That's a pretty talented horse you got there.
Very funny..very cute.
Adorable af
This is awesome
That's Scooby Doo and Shaggy investigating the house.
What a good doggo
Dog demonstrates downward facing dog to help human to get it right.
Look at that Harlam swag
That house is weird.
Someone has been to the ministry of sillywalks
Aroo
I love dogs so fucking much.
Give that good boi some love!!
We have found the Dog equivalent of a Dab.
Perfect description of my day to day duties.
that's one massive good boi
That is a big strong dog.
Omg that is so cute
Awwww. Play with him you monsters
Is that a coonhound in the background?
The dog is smart. I love the dog.
Perfect caption
And the other dogs thinks: naaaaa I'm good here. Yes people, there is another dog in this video.
If I were to do this my dog would just pounce on me, lick my face aggressively and make me lose balance and fall on the first rep. Pretty much the universal reaction to anything I do. This dog is smarter, actually trying to figure it out lol.
This made my morning. Thank you!
Wish I could upvote 1000000 times ❤️
Does anyone know why he's actually mirroring this behaviour? Would it be common to get low like that in a pack at the beckon call of your pack leader or something? Just trying to work out if that's some kinda instilled dog instinct he's got going on there for something.
This made me smile)))))))
Besides other stuffs which he is doing magnificently; this dog's size is huge as well! Love it!
Me every single day
I love this. Our pets are as wholesome as this subreddit. That's all.
Scoobs wants a snacc
ohhhhhh
Black leather couches? Yeah, it checks out.
Great dane? I got two of them at home, absolutely adorable but so stupid at the same time
This is just a door a bulllll
What a cutie pie~~~
Dogs are so damn pure
Me in every aspect of my life.
Such a good boi, doin his bestest
This is everything I needed right now
You have to go down and not forward. Your shins should be vertical. 

Apologize for being pedantic. Highschool tennis coach traumatized us with a billion of those around the court. Will haunt me forever.
People have short memories on reddit and people get rewarded for it lol.
I tried cross training for the first time last week, one can only hope that I looked that adorable.
Is there a source that isn’t the godawful reddit video player?
hey do you now how u do it
Bowing :)
Anyone else thought he had no TV?
That is excellent. Laughing out loud. What a great dog.
That's Jurgen Klopp.
We don’t deserve dogs.
This is one of my favorite videos of all time
I haven’t laughed this much in a LONG time
Is that floor made with regular plywood?
So awesome!! He’s so happy to be a part of it :) Love
That's so damn qute. Man, I love dogs!
pet the dog ffs
Wholesome
The most important thing is to participate
We're talking about the guy here right? He clearly doesn't do this very often.
He's listening to Madness
Awwsome!
Will just keep doing it, what matters is that i just keep being happy
The dog has a great sense of humor
Dogs are best.
What a big little sweetheart
My cousins new years resolution was to do yoga. Tried one session and the newfie started humping her. The yoga mat makes for a comfortable floor mat in the bathroom.
Edit: spelling and grammar
To the dog the move looks like a play request, so it mirrors it's owner. it wants to play!!! good dog!!
Big dogpproval!
/u/vredditdownloader
I absolutely love this!
Me irl..
Jake Paul in 2014 when Logan was filming :/
10/10 would be involved again
/r/contagiouslaughter
r/petthedamndog
In my friend group, I am this dog.
could i BE wearing anymore clothes?
I love this!!!

Doggos are the best.
The other dog just stands in the hall and doesn't know what the hell is going on
Poor guy in the back is just confused about why everyone has just lost their god-damn minds.
Now this is how you start Monday morning, too cute and hilarious 🤣🤣🤣
Doggy see, doggy do!
>Hahahaha!
What kind of breed is this dog? He is so cute!
What kind of breed is this?
That is the calmest GSP in the background
“oh! we’re doing this now? alright, i’ll always support your ways!!”
Gym partner doggo is best doggo
r/me_irl
/u/Vredditdownloader
That looks like the Totoro scene in which they grow the tree/those trees...
This is my in-laws dog. He always tries to copy what we are doing. It’s the weirdest thing to see a dog do if you haven’t witnessed it. He is suppose to be a purebred lab but he has a mix of something extra special. Such a goofball.
Me at work.
Me when my boyfriend's playing FIFA
That's a big woofer.
He is trying his best
He copy what they master do.
Dogs are the best
That's cute
I love how the dog is trying to copy him
Dogs don’t have knees right?
This is the happiest video :)
Me when I go to a dance workout class and have no idea what I'm doing..but still want to impress my instructor
I know it's not quite the same this reminds me of when I do walking exercises at home. When I walk forward a few steps then back, my cat will follow me up and down the room. I'm not sure why because she's very unenthusiastic about it. Other times, she'll just sit in the way until I pick her up so my walking exercises turn into light weight training as well.
I'm not sure which dog is the smarter one - the one copying the exercises or the one thinking "What is this idiot doing *now*?"
That's a play bow. Bigboi wants to play!
u/vredditdownloader
So cute
Honestly he might be thinking that his owner is doing a play bow, its that lil bow they do to other dogs right before they initiate play.
Holy shit! Dog balls!
dog
What a sweet puppy!!!
What a good boye
This Great Derp is doing his best, and he's a ~~good~~ great boy.
Gotta work that core mate. You're wobbling like a cooked spaghetti.
I'm having a horrible morning, but seeing this derp made me feel a bit better :)
"Why do you keep signaling to play, then dont play?"
Those crazy humans...
The look on the dog’s face as he turns away to the camera from time to time,... he’s so lucid, literally looks like he’s asking “wtf is going on? Uh.. ok...uh... wtf?”
Pet him already!
Leg day with a dog
Personal fitness trainer, keeping his friend motivated.
Big big big dog god damn
/u/sputniksweeetheart
That's the universal play pose for dogs!!  
So cute.
Omg I died. Too cute.
You have ignored the fish, but do not fret. They will be gracious to give you a second chance.
That flooring though, so nice!
Thats a big doggo
Why is he wearing a hat inside the house?
Pretty bad form on the lunges by that dude. Shouldn’t put that knee over the foot so far. Setting this dog up with the wrong foundation for fitness is such a shame
Damn I love dogs!!
I love it. So cute :)
The nuts on that thing are crazy.
what kind of dog is that
r/me_irl
Not to be like that but his form is kinda bad! The knee shouldn’t go over the foot right?
u/vredditdownloader
that dog is fantastic, what a sweetheart
Other dog: what the fuck are these clowns doing?
The good boy is appalled by poor form of the hooman.
Ministry of silly canine walks r/montypython
Copy dog
Lol
He doing it wrong
what an awesome dog
The Britney just chillin.
'I have no idea what's going on, but I'm happy to be here' is just the spirit of dog
The other dog is like: Wtf
Guess we're doing this now!
Oh my gosh this is so cute!
S q u a t
💚💚
As someone who just changed out flooring... I hope that's not real hardwood. Those poor floors.
r/contagious laughter
u/VredditDownloader
That dog is huge!!!
Poor form from everybody involved
It's me when my granny asked me to see her to church and actually managed to drag me to some religious exercises last year.
That's the dog's bollocks!
Lol I feel like this when I’m programming for a group project.
my human is broken
That is funny
Getting ready for telemark season!
good guggy
That is me in my friendship group
This is amazing
I love this doggo. This is a very good  doggo.
The title should be included in the encyclopedia entry under dog.
knees extended out over toes. yup he has no idea how to fucking squat let alone lunges.
We don't deserve dogs.
The Dane is so eager to please and the German shorthair is just standing off to the side totally not giving a shit, just doing it's own thing. Like Shorthairs always do.
That’s just adorable. Also, balls
Homie better add some weight to those lunges or he'll be hiding those chicken legs under those pants all year!
Oh god damn this video is cute but the lunges making have bad memories. Cute video but damn.
I love that dog so much
this is so funny
LOL this is like my dog in the mornings during yoga.
Neither does the guy doing the lunges
Would you turn around and tell him he’s a good boy already?! Sheesh!
Wu Taaaaang
me at work when managers come around
That is genuinely adorable! 👍
I love this dancing horse
Other doggo is like "Nope, I skip leg days"
😍 Love him..
I like the flooring
That is ADORABLE!!!
That dog is *huge*
Dog probably getting some exercise even by doing that
Wait is that Max from Limit? Lmao
Aww this is funny and cute
That dog is such a unit.
What kind of dog is that
That's the universal let's play in dog language.  Downward Dog messes with their minds.
I think it looks like the doggy "let's play" position so he just tryna reciprocate
😂 Smart doggie ngl
Dude, you got a horse in your living room.
We don't deserve dogs
The second dog around the corner near the door is a Britney spaniel. Such a smart smart dog and so friendly and loyal.
This is the best
I’m just happy to be here 😃
/u/vredditshare
That is hilarious! I have Weimaraner too.  They are soooo smart!
I like the progression:

1. "Wut u doin?"

2. "Idk wut u doin, but I'll try."

3. "Holy frik this is fun!! YIPPIE!!!"
Repost with no credit.
This is awesome.  

Enjoy that Great Dane while he's young.  Mine would never expend the energy nor does he have the hips and knees to join in the fun like that.  He might roll over on the other side to watch what's going on.
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
Why are so many people freaking out about the dog not being neutered? It's not a problem as long as the owners of said dog are responsible and make sure he's not around unspayed females.
I have recently had the luck to spend some time with a 175lbs (80Kg) great dane and it has honestly the best characteristics I have seen in a dog. So loving, gentle and cute. Absolutely awesome.
Yeah work it
What a smart doggo!!
Ministry of funny walks lol😆
what a cute goof.
What a sweetheart!
What me and Bill Burr would site as good in this video? The dog still has his balls.
That's a horse.
That title explains most of my life
Dogs get loose everyday. It happens, otherwise people wouldn't worry about microchipping their pets.
Is that dog chafing
He's a smart little dude
.
Anyone else super upset that he doesn't pet the good boi at the end?
u/vredditdownloader
Jesus Christ that’s a big dog!
Confused doggo 🤗
That’s adorable ♥️
u/VredditDownloader
Great boy.
r/animalsbeingderps
r/animalsbeingderps
How old is that dog in the background? She’s a beaut!
I think the title of this video, goes for live in general.
Dude needs to slow down and work on his form.
oh how cute!!  and wow they are so like us, eh?
This video is so cute, the doggo was like, am I doing this right? It brought a smile to my face... thank you
Same
He likes to do more than watch.
What kind of dog is that?
Damn, that Doggo has a massive dangling Tea-Bag...
Hey there’s a moose in that house!
Smart Dog!
Nice horse.
Relatable
look human
I'm being a human too
😉
Beste
Look at that dogs bollocks - Henry Cavill
Man that is cute. Made me smile right through my PMS.
OMG. Hilarious!
This is the best thing I've seen in a weeks.
Thanks I love it!
https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x2hwqki
w
q,
This is great!!!
Lol the other doggie is like "wtf is happening"
Jesus I hope they don’t have downstairs neighbours
This is me in every exercise class.
This is so on brand for a Great Dane
101k upvotes for a repost huh
What a big lanky goofball, I love it
I'd rather 1000 innocent men go to prison than one good doggo get his feelings hurt
take your downvote for the weekly report
Dogs are so intelligent
OMG sooooo adorable 💕💕💕
That is precious!
In all seriousness that is one of the best exercises.
Omg made my day, actually lol
What a beatiful baby!
This entire post, from start through all the comments, is hilarious. 😂
So much fun watching that. Good boy!!!!
This is wholesome,thank you u/Elmo_tickled_me_
Nice repost
This is awesome!
u/vredditdownloader
Doggy see doggy do.
We're back to 4:3 aspect ratio? What is this the 90's?
u/vredditdownloader
Hey guys so i have this online class tomorrow at 9 am indian tym so if anyone wants to join it'll be fun to see a bunch of stranger
Id-854238123
Password-052364  
On zoom apk
Hey guys so i have this online class tomorrow at 9 am indian tym so if anyone wants to join it'll be fun to see a bunch of stranger
Id-854238123
Password-052364  
On zoom apk
That dog needs to be fixed.
Everything about this is adorable!
What an awesome doggo
Neuter that guy already. Jesus!
You guys have a German Shorthair too!
BALLS
"Well it's not very silly, is it?"
What breed of dog is that?
Ewww his testicles gross me out
Hi
I see people doing this at my gym and it always cracks me up because it looks like a cartoon character trying to be sneaky.
lunge form makes me cringe. knee us not supposed to go past your toe
Why would anyone want an animal that has a life span of only 10 or 12 years if their lucky? I’ve heard of these dogs only living 7 or 8 years.  Just long enough to get super attached to them and then they die.
He a little confused, but he got the spirit.
OP is a 41 day old serial karma farmer. Do your duty and downvote this shit.
Do their nails scratch the wood?
Awwww

Lol this is so funny :D
Praise the Lord🙏
Its funny cause hes stupid
[deleted]
You'll write out that entire title but you can't be bothered to spell a second "you're"?
We don't deserve dogs.
This belongs on r/animalsbeingderps haha
That guys got some weak ass legs, weak core and terrible form
I'm glad that Bob Barker's nutsack is still intact
That dog has massive balls man ho-leeee
AYEEEE THROW DAT ASS BACK
Penis and balls
Can't unsee dem dangly balls
I have no idea how to play this new game, but I love it already!
The ministry of silly walks 😂
Before the floppy disk was imitation dog. Now, go show the king what I said.
weturd hooman. wow.
That wood floor is just slightly too similar to raw plywood lol
Follow me on only fans 

www.onlyfans.com/xxberettaxx
What's wrong with the guy? The dog is still the good boy ♥️
What's wrong with the guy? The dog is still the good boy ♥️
No one acknowledges the kid :/
