I can hardly wait until she watches Monsters Inc.
This picture should be turned into a painting.
"I am leaving!" *stomps loudly in place*
All the toys in the world must be so annoyed by kids pulling this shit. Cuts into their down time massively!
Do they make remote controlled toy story toys? If not, they should!  Even if you could just make Woody or Buzz's head turn
Is it weird Toy Story scared me a bit when I was little? The thought of toys moving when you're not in the room just creeped me out.
This is so cute! I miss the magic of childhood, but being around kids brings it right back!
Plant some walkie talkies behind some toys and by the door then say into one "is she gone" then one by door "no,  shhh". Lol jk don't do it.
Haha! That's so adorable.
You should move her toys around when she's not looking. Just one or two at a time.
Love her dress/nightgown. Tell her to keep trying!
I remember that when the first movie was released in Germany, I was absolutely captivated by the idea of my toys being able to move and live their own little lives. One day we went to McDonald's, which was a big deal for me, because my parents didn't want me to eat fast food. Anyway, they had a Happy Meal with all the important characters from the film and of course I had to have Buzz Lightyear.

For a while he became my favourite ever toy in the world, because I was absolutely certain that he was different from my other toys. Unlike the others, he was definitely a sentient being with his own hopes and aspirations. In my mind, he regularly went on adventures in my room, which seemed all the more likely because my mother secretly moved him around my room while I slept. I would go as far as marking where I put him down last with a pencil to "make it harder" for him to keep his nightly activities go unnoticed. 

Sure enough, my mother noticed my meticulousness and adapted the way she would move him during the night. For example, she would simply turn him around by 180 degrees to make it seem like he was getting sloppy etc.

I'm glad to see that the magic of Toy Story is still going strong even amongst the youngest generation. Happy for you, and glad that I could share my own story.
When I was little we had movies about toys coming to life too...they were about a doll named Chucky. I, too, used to peek around my door to see if my toys came to life but more in terror than wonder. Lol
This is the cutest shit I ever seen
I used to do this when I was younger after watching Toy Story lol. I would say goodbye to my toys and make a bunch of noise running down the stairs and then creep as quietly as possible back up the stairs so my toys couldn't hear me.. I never did catch them in the act...
When I was a kid I watched Toy Story, then broke my Buzz Lightyear and waited him to get fixed by his friends...


...I was disapointed.
Beautiful and fantastic
NGL am well into adulthood and such thoughts cross my mind still.
Reminds me of my niece asking if the Weeping Angels were real when she was around this age.

As an uncle, it was always my duty to instill as much healthy skepticism and critical thinking in her as possible...so I told her that many people believe in a theory that says there are infinite universes wherein anything and everything is real in one of them.  That stuck with her for a while, but no nightmares or anything (she was a tough cookie).

Never could get her to believe trees were just big broccoli.  I consider that my greatest failure to date.
Show her this. https://youtu.be/udaDTiPTbBk
In fairness you can see the dinosaur on the draws watching the door to see if shes coming back
Imagine if she saw Inside Out and whenever she’s crying she shouts to herself “Stop!”
Tell her that the toys aren’t stupid.
Dude, the toys won't come to life if they can see you. You need to leave.
Your toy storage system has given me new hope for my kids’ room.
ANDYS COMING
It won't work if you're standing there taking a picture
[/r/accidentalrockwell](https://www.reddit.com/r/accidentalrockwell/)
My heart can't take it.
196k upvotes!? I never seen this happen!
This is so wholesome. I love this. 😭
I missed those days when things could be magical, even just in my head
Does she or did you stage this
I'm jealous, I laughed so much at Forky and jokingly said he was my spirit toy. now my four year old tells me "Daddy, your trash" which makes her and me laugh and then she adds on "you know like forky"
awww

🚩
r/accidentalrockwell
wait till she finds out that mommy too has toys named woody and buzz
Precious!😭
Okay, since the comments went in a dark direction, let me say, this photo is freaking adorable. She's a darling girl. I love that she thinks she's tricking the toys into thinking she's gone and coming out.

Little adorable sneak. She looks like she's sure she's going to see them.

So cute.
/r/KidsAreIdiots
•_•
I’ve never seen Toy Story so I’m absolutely clueless.
After doing it dozens of times she will come to the logical conclusion that her toys are really good at playing dead.
One day, she’ll catch them!
I needed this after the kind of day I've had. She's adorable!
Little does she know, the toys moving without the whimsical music would be the stuff of nightmares.

Source: I've seen Friends without the laugh track.
adorable.... and saddening :(
Aww.

this alone makes up for a certain amount of daily political crap.

thank you.
My cousin and I used to do the same thing when we were kids!! I'm not surprised we weren't the only ones!
I need that laugh, too cute yo, so adorable. Yo show her Indian in the cupboard and Small Soliders lol.
Oh my God, my heart just exploded from the cuteness!
This is too cute 🤣
This is the greatest thing I have read all year.
That’s one clean room for a little kid
Wait till she discovered the Anabelle doll.
Can't wait for the Truman show.
3rd all-time post in r/aww in less than a day wtf
Did you see this was drawn with the toys coming to life this morning?! Check it out on aww
Happy Cake Day OP.
Too freaking cute! The new Buzzlight Year has a voice activated action where he freezes and drops when you say “Someone’s coming” and when you say “ok no one’s here” he comes back to “life”!
SO ADORABLE!!!

Shows how media affects us deeply, from the very beginning. Choose well!
[I'm seeing this picture crop up a lot on Google](https://www.google.com/search?tbs=sbi:AMhZZisDNYRGdEruYENgXtdZMN9uvE4z5UxRnyFLaVSjBaYDSiNVAD1hnqJd8zZyofuGvExR0jYsyqgdb2bF2mZbywj34427_1RvuZm40hTUcrTwGxVgAsNnUAEkmW-QJp8fO2GHoEiJQ73EouJrcJO4-s8xUMG48wi9VespdCADDswBLr4qanQunq9tgtyZsFKdH-tqdQg9T0FC-Sssq47JfJYy-rgsuAQ_1uZ7YxoksizD8o0_1Z1TYCtuzE14yMQiy44W5aHAP5ItrX2vBBEvzF6rVUDfi57GRAlclpx7F8ZZd0mcaX7lChW8VJduzZmpAN6V6wGlolq67Z-z8X1mPVnHyo7n_1xaQA), I'm somewhat dubious
Grandma does the same thing but she’s schizophrenic.
Theres not a single foreign material on that floor, not one single spec of dust. Why is this picture so immaculately clean?
[removed]
My wife the same after she once busted me watching NSFW...
“Hey stand outside your room and peek in for me.”  
“Why mommy?”  
“Umm hunny you will understand when you’re older.”
Talk about double standards, when I do this, they want to medicate me.
When she falls asleep, move her toys like they are doing something before she woke up. I.e. eating cake, or playing a board game
This captures the absolute magic and innocence of childhood imagination. It’s seriously an amazing photo. And it’s adorable as hell.
I feel like you should put a camera in her room to help her catch her toys playing. Then you could make a stop motion video as evidence that they are alive.
Yeah right
r/untrustworthypoptarts
Poor kid.
In all seriousness, this is the kind of thing Fred Rogers (Mr. Rogers' Neighborhood) hated. We're supposed to let kids know what's real and what's not. This is funny to us, but in the mind of a child they are wrestling with if they are abusing their toys or not.

The imagination is a wonderful thing, but so is knowing the difference between what's real and what's not.
That is SO cute!
That triceratops reminds me of exactly that hah, adorable
That is insanely adorable.
That's freaking adorable
So stinking adorable!!!🥰🥰🥰
I remember doing this as a kid after toy story 2 came out 🥺
This is so sweet
The idea of that faceless figure coming to life is haunting enough.
I used to believe my toys would come alive so whole-heartedly that one morning my dad told me to crawl in bed with mum so he could “test” that theory by filming my room when no one was in it. 

He set up our video camera, put my barbie in her little convertible and took a series of stop motion photos of her “driving” the car and waving at the camera. When he called me back in to show me the footage I was jumping for joy. That’s one of the best memories I have to date :)
This is insanely cute.
Awwwww!!!
I just got my 4 and 2 year old addicted to Toy Story...+1
Oh my...
This is so adorable :D
OMG! Hand me that tissue.
That is so cute
That is a beautiful room
This tiny human must be protected at all cost.
Pretty cute.
This is so adorable. What a perfect picture.
But the toys will never move if you stare at them with your camera...
I totally did this when I was little! 

I was fully convinced after Toy Story that my plastic T-Rex was coming to life when I wasn’t in the room. I thought for sure that I was missing out on his adventures and spent way too much time watching him and my other toys thru the key hole.
I used to tell my stuffed animals that I wouldn't tell anyone that they were alive and that they could totally trust 8-year-old me. Never fooled them.
I love this, true definition of aww
That's really wholesome
So adorable!
God this is so pure
Beyond adorable
Everything set up perfect for the picture
That is so freaking adorable!!!
She's precious! Where do you get her little dresses? I have a nephew having a baby girl.
Thanks for sharing you capture the true nature and innocence of a child its beautiful. Man I miss those days
That’s the cutest thing!
Aww that's soo cute!
Get some robot tech, a rc car, etc and attach it to a toy and have it move across the floor but stop when she runs back in
That is so adorable omg!
This is the cutest thing I've probably seen all year. So innocent lol. Take me back Lord.
Im 32 and do the same.
That's adorable. Save the pictures for when she's older and ask if she remembers doing it.
That's adorable.
I use to do this 😂😂 wonder if my daughter will too when I show her the movie 😁😁
That is the most adorable thing!
Probably she's scared
Literally just aww that's all I'm thinking right now
Looks more like boo checking out her closet
I used to do this after I saw toy story as well. Matter of fact I think I had always suspected my toys were alive so when I saw the movie I was just like well there's the proof mister. 

For years I would try to catch them
Nice dress! It's from Frozen short movie Olaf's frozen adventures!
She is boo!
My heart! I used to do that!
This is all fun and games until she decides that *harsher measures* must be employed to produce results. In the words of Shere Khan, "You did not respond to reason. So now you will know *fear.*"
That’s adorable 😍
This is the cutest thing. Omg
This is adorable
Looks like the poster for the live action version that they are bound to make.
Your niece is awesome
This is precious
I can’t wait to one day have a kid 😅 they’re hard but moments like that make it worthwhile.
haha how beautiful
Lol when I saw toy story I got scared of my toys at night
she is absolutely precious.
Wholesome af
Baby’s first disappointment.
My younger sister used to think that too. So I started moving her toys around when she wasn't in her room.
Hi toys! Bye toys!
Imagine she watches zootopia
To be a kid again
You should post this on r/redditgetsdrawn because this would be a wonderful art piece.
Kid gots some martial arts feet
Psh. I still do this
Oh my heart! That is precious.
Or statues after Night At The Museum
My heart..
This is a wonderful photo
I wish I believed in anything as much as she believes in Toy Story. This is so pure.
Found bigfoot
So pure!
That's so adorable
That's so sweet lol. What a cutie
To infinity... And beyond!
You should wait until she leaves and move a toy on it’s side or a few in other spots, really sell it.
Kids are god damn adorable
How wholesome!
That's the sweetest, purist thing I've ever seen
The innocence is nothing short of wonderful.
This is the sweetest thin I have ever seen!
God damnit, thats adorable!
Is that the same dress Elsa wore in Frozen as a child or does it just look similar?
how is her room so clean?  asking as a father of a toddler
Holy fuck that’s cute
Freaking adorable. I love it
🙂
You now need a remote control toy
What a precious moment. Ty for sharing. 
Her Princess Anna dress is adorable as well.
This!
The cutest!
That is funny and cute!
thats a ridiculously clean room for a little girl i bet her toys are scared of her attention to detail..
That is so cute, adorable
That's the most adorable thing I've seen all day
That's so cute!!!
Omg that’s the cutest thing ever.
I’m a grown man who feels awkward saying this picture is adorable. This is the life we live in. I hope she gets to see all the best kids movies.
That is so precious.
This is absolutely adorable! I love it
Kids are so darn adorable
So cute!! Especially in her little winter Anna outfit!!! :)
I can’t handle this shit right here 🥺
How adorable!! 🤩🤩🤩
That is the sweetest thing :)
After she leaves take a toy and put it in the box in a way it looks like it tried to climb back in and didn't make it in time.
When I was a kid I always tried to sneak downstairs to watch my barbies move.  Never caught them 😢 I hope she has more luck!
Now what you gotta do is one day when she leaves go in and move her toys around and then leave. Just wait for her to go back to her room.
Tell your neice she has a cool dress
lol
Pretty sure if you want to watch the toys come alive you have to detonate some of them with fireworks and splice the rest together into monsters
Glad to see the youngest generation is carrying on this tradition
This has to be one of the fastest upvoted posts I've seen. It will probably go to infinity at this rate, maybe even beyond.
/r/finestjun Perfect framing. Any idea where I can buy the same dress? Adorable.
This is honestly just too pure
Didn't we all?
Toy story is the best!!
I use that movie to express that toys should be taken care of and not broken instantly. Neice is too cute. 

Also, btw Anyone know where I can get those drawers?
This is unrelated, but her dress is really cute.
i did the same
Stuff like this makes me wanna have bëbës
That’s adorable.
r/accidentalrenaissance
That looks so cute
This is precious.
Or Child’s Play
That’s a lot of upvotes...
This is a photo from 20 years ago she's now 25 still does it send help
how do you keep that room so clean?
You should tie strings to the toys and pull them to make them move
Show her *Mrs. Doubtfire* next... she'll be suspicious of her mom for a while.
It's small things like this that make me regret not having a child. Just to cute.
Woah, 185k upvotes, OP, you lucky bastard, you're getting atleast 100 karma.
Maybe the cutest scenario ever
Absolutely the sweetest post on here.  I remember purchasing multiple VHS tapes when the original came out because my son loved the movie so much that we'd play it on auto rewind.  He'd cry everytime it would rewind.
What a cutie! I love her little dress . Does anyone know where I can find one for my daughter?

Edit: I did some searchin’ and I found it! Turns out it’s the Ana dress from Olaf’s frozen adventure, you can find it on amazon by typing in Elsa or Ana dress.
I remember doing something similar
Anyone know what brand the organizer is with the bins?
She looks like the viral pic of the little girl holding her baby sister for the first time
🤣🤣🤣 that’s adorable
Already the second most upvoted post on this sub!
Not gonna lie, did when I was younger
You should move all her toys around when she leaves
So cute! I wonder how long she'll do this?
Jesus those upvotes
Get a remote control car next time and use the remote to mess with her
Thats the cutest s**t i've ever seen.
Tell her shes a treasure
This is just so pure. It's like a small glimmer of sweetness in this bitter world
Somewhat topic related, but I just absolutely love those toy drawers. Can you please share with me where I may purchase them for my kids room. Thanks.
That is so sweet. As a young child I would call down the sewers for the ninja turtles. “Donatellooooooo michaelangelllooooo etc! Our school bus stop had one just near our stop and I would bring pizza for them and chuck it down the hole to feed them! At least until my mom figured out and started keeping inventory of the pizza leftovers lolol!
Lovely
So it's not just me
At this rate, this will become the most invited post of all time
I'm so tired of seeing this
This is adorable
this so adorable
This is the cutest thing ever!
Where is the color bin shelves from?
Reddits karma system is confusing. How do you have 200,000 upvotes but you got 18,000 karma?
what a fucking idiot
Who didn‘t do this? I was quite a bit older when I watched toy story for the first time and still thought my barbie dolls might move.
Unpopular opinion:Kids dont belong on this sub

Were here to see cute dogs or cats or any other cute animal not some weak ugly and small creature that cries All the tíme
I think it’s so cool that I have a solid 20 years on your niece and the same movie made me do the same thing when I was her age😂
Wow, I knew in my heart that I wasn't the only one who does that.
Man this post blew up
Second top post of all-time in this community. Congratulations.
We all did this she ain’t special
File this under things that never happened.
Now if this ain’t the cutest thing
Oh God, my ovaries. I'm a man.
People really believe this shite?
Take some of her toys out while she's gone and scatter them around the floor like they were meeting
"Hey sweety, mommy came up with a good title, stand in the doorway for a second."
[removed]
This is super adorable haha
Can we update the rules on this sub to be NO BABIES OR CHILDREN?
r/thathappened
[removed]
[removed]
Strange feet, they look huge.
Fuck u
[deleted]
Well now you just have to move the toys around a bit so their noticeably out of order when she leaves for any reason.
If their parents think it's cute to start moving stuff, it would be just like Elf on the Shelf but but 340 times worse!
This needs to be made into an oil painting!!! How precious!!
..... I don't even know why i use Reddit anymore
Kids are so stupid.... those toys arent alive
“Stacy just peek around the corner so mommy can get upvotes on reddit”
What is she, stupid?
Now you need to move her toys around and playfully scold her for not putting her toys away.

She'll go crazy.
fake and gay
Cmon... Do something!
She only got 4 fingers
Looking for evidence of the Matrix!
Get her to watch small soldiers!
I thought the same thing but with my vinyls.
Toys always know when their master is bluffing
Same tbh
You gotta move those bad boys sometimes
Now let her watch Annabelle.
Who doesn't
Tight!
Now show her the movie Little Princess.
We've all been there!
My wife who has seen the movie doesn't understand and I now love her a lill bit more because of it. Thanks
Lol thats awesome
Naic
My son loves Toy Story. We've seen it 516 times.
Anyone else waiting for the toys to move??
She see anything?
Interesting. Should be number one post soon.
It’s a trap, send no reply
Now you’ve gotta set up Rube Goldberg machines to make them move when she does that
She even has the triceratops and a car
It would be really funny to move her toys around while she is not in her room.  I'd love to see the look on her face when she discovers they have moved.
If I were her father, I'd constantly rearrange her toys while she's asleep.
You need to hide a walkie talkie in the room and start making toy noises when she leaves the room.
I’m 42 and I like to believe that my kids’ toys come alive when we’re not looking.
Literally me when I was 6. And 26. And now.
I want to see her reaction if they actually start moving.....
You've got to go in there and move some toys around
Is she a princess? Also I think I saw the dinosaur move.
Or everything after game theory
u/title2imagebot
U gotta get that little RC car and drive it around with some of her dolls so she can see it as she peeks!
She told me put my heart in the bag...
she will forever be disappointed. 🎈
Same.
Same kid. Same.
She’s done such a good job organizing!
Or snapping after Avengers:Endgame/Infinity War
Пиздец.Где Русские.
I did something similar growing up.  Except the movie was “A Christmas Toy” and the toys would die if you found them out of place.  So instead of peaking in to catch them, I would walk up the stairs loudly, announce I was entering, and then wait before opening the door to give them time to get in place.
Woody’s not going to fall for that trick.
Pixar struck gold with Toy Story.  An unfalsifiable hypothesis was the perfect premise making it so kids always live in that sense of wonder.  Who knows, toys *could* come to life when nobody is looking.  There's no way to actually tell.
Or or or or or or or or
Honestly, me too.
Kids can be so naive sometimes. I dont remember really believing in Santa or tooth fairy. Maybe its just my mother that wasnt really good at acting and gave it right away.
And if it really happened she would be overjoyed and you would be freaked out.
Very funny
What’s that white box with the disk thing in it on the wall?
Lol
My son says "& beyond!" & pretends he is buzz light year. He also LOVES forky lolll
Has she caught them?
Odd question...but what kind of floors do you have??? Holy nice.
Those toys ain’t dumb. They see you with the camera
Looks like a new meme template
She even has a Trixie!
Get yourself some long fishing line, tie it to a toy,  pull on the line from another room when she does this.
One of my friends cracked me up when she told me that when she was little (after having seen Toy Story), she would get mad at her toys for not "being alive" when she was around. Like OP's niece, she would try to catch them in the act of walking around/talking, and would get upset that *every single time* she was never fast enough! Her toys were just too good at being sneaky.
I love the storage bins, I’ve got to get something like that for my daughter’s room.
You should put a speaker in her room so whenever she's outside her room, you can give the toys a voiceover as if they are talking.
If that was the case I would have left a long time ago.
That is seriously one of the sweetest things I have ever seen!
My 3 year old recently watched Toy Story a couple times on a long drive. Getting into the car to drive home for Christmas she announced “I want to watch that movie about that boy playing with his Woody”. My husband and I almost died. 😂
I didn't even need the movie to inspire me to do this! I would very carefully lay all of my toys out in an incredibly specific manner and then check on them to see if they had moved on their own.
When I was a kid I loved toy story so much, I watched it several times a week. They came out with toy story toys in kids meals at one of the major fast food chains, and I got both woody and buzz. I used to sleep with both of them in my bed so that neither one would feel left out.
Me IRL everytime leaving home for work to my wife.
700
I was 8 when the first Toy Story came out and you better believe I did this shit too
Damn I did that too hahaha
I’m 32 & still believe this happens 😂😂❤️
Their crafty but I did catch my action man fall over and act like he was a toy once. I came home early from school and caught him when I was walking into my room. I think I gave the dude Abit of a shock.
Or school dances after Carrie.
paging u/mudze and the rest of the concern trolls from last night who freaked the fuck out because a guy posted a picture if his teenage daughters solving a puzzle.
Or motorcycle accidents after Akira
You should totally make her a stop motion with her favorite toys 🙈
"*You got a friend in Me playing ominously*
What a beautiful and cute pic. reminder of those pure times
My son tends to turn his head sideways to me and say "hellloooooo" like woody said to buzz when buzz stood on andy's bed :D
Shes only doing what we all thought about doing.
Doesn't have the same ring as "I have spoken"
Accidental Renaissance
!remindme 1 week
My mother in law stepped on my nephews Woody (from Toy Story) and told him she broke it. I got mad since he’s young and would’ve believed that Woody broke his own arm when he came to life at night. Ffs
I used to do the same after the first toy story... I am 32 now. 🤭
This is worse than the lie about Santa... but it's adorable, so mum's the word, m'lads!
Raise your hand if, after you saw the movie, you played with your old toys more so they wouldn't feel left out.
Haha relatable
I see an IKEA kitchen!
Most toys know the real way to stay unmoving till kids are truly gone.
I love this to infinity and beyond. The Toy Story series are the first Disney movies I let my kids watch. The magic is real.
Ok but where in the world can I get that toy organizer?!
Is she related to mitches mom?
Idk about everyone, but this made me aww
You need to get an rc car and put a small speaker in it. 

Freak her right out.
Mind control, exemplified
This can't be real, no child has a room that clean.
You would be surprised OP :)
her dress is fantastic
Well this is easily one of the most adorable things I’ve ever seen.
E
You better move the toys around to make her believe it
What a cutie😍
If I were her I would probably eventually get super depressed when I realise the toys aren't actually alive.
HA! I love her!
Gift her something that is remote controlled. Not knowing how she will react could go either way.
y’all. who is gonna tell her?
thats adorable!
There are better ways to find out if your toys are alive
Its cause the toys see you, dude. You have to hide aswell
OK, this is the first time I have ever actual said "AWWWWWWWW" out loud at one of the posts here, and there have been some good ones, but this is just.  AWWWWWWWW.
Move them little by little
Never show her Child's Play.
I did this as a kid too!
But sadly at night she won't be excited to see them alive
Awwww! Wholesome/10
Lollllllllll mood tbh
Precious!!
i want this to come true for her so, so badly.
You should totally get with some friends and record them talking. A totally sweet convo about your niece. Hide a Bluetooth speaker in her room and play it one time. Watch her face then.
Wouldn’t it be kind of funny if they were talking behind her back.
This is the best!
Legit used to position my toys on the shelf so that they could have an easier time talking and hanging out with each other before I left for school or went to bed.
Just to cute for words. 😊 ❤️ 🧡 💛 💚 💙 💜
This right here is a gem
I did the exact same thing as a kid! I even have a mole on my arm that was my Buzz lightyear laser button!

But I was nowhere near this adorable. I was a doofy kid.
This is cute!  Howevwr I do want to comment on how organized the room is!!!!
awwwww how cute
This is absolutely adorable
I don't care if this is complete bullshit, this right here is pure reddit gold.
And remember, porn got all of us at one point in our lives.
I miss having this innocence so much.
Obviously they wont move if someone is clearly there taking a picture
/r/AccidentalRenaissance
Omg that is adorable!!
Probably already been said, but r/MadeMeSmile
This is so wholesome and cute!!
autism
Aww thats really cute
I love her Ana pajamas too
Can someone turn this in to a Norman Rockwell painting?
Aww
I did the same thing after the first one when I was a kid. This makes me so happy to see.
That has to be the over all cutest thing I’ve ever seen.
Where did you get the organizer bin thing? I need it lol.
Well that is the damn cutest thing.
When I was little, I tied a toy shredder action figure to the end of a fishing line and used it to try to lure the ninja turtles out from the sewer like I was fishing for renaissance painters.

IDGAF about IT. Clown ain't nothing compared to the turtles.

But yeah, adorable picture.
That is the sweetest thing ever
101K UPVOTES! That escalated quickly
Yeah okay.
honestly, I did the same thing when I saw the first one as a kid for like 2 months
Reminds me of when I was a kid. I used to set up my toys to protect me from the monster under my bed.
Your post is on Instagram on “scary mommy” page! They gave you credit!
if only this was true
Lmao I used to do that
Wholesome content!
We all did this
I also used to do this. Or id whisper how I’m a nice person and I know they are real and I won’t tell anyone so they can tell me 😂
This was the exact intention behind Toy Story and I love it
Omg
Looks like a perfect prank opportunity
weird thing is i use to do this too.
Omg that’s soooo cute
I used to that back then too. It's very nice to see that even kids these days do this too after watching it.
Dx
I used to do the same thing. Would beg and beg my toys to please let me see them move and I would cherish them forever and ever and never give them away. 

They gone
Awww I used to do the same thing as a little girl.
I did that after reading the velveteen rabbit.
This is the most upvoted post I’ve ever seen. I’m so glad it’s this.
I used to be like that so sweet
Take her to Disney, when around the characters, have her yell "Andy's coming". Enjoy :)
I've never seen a child's bedroom this clean! Bravo
Congrats on sneaking in on probably the top upvoted post of 2019 at the end of the year. Holy karma
!remind me 1 month
You gotta leave one or two of her toys out next time
Why doesnt Woody know hes a really old toy from the 50s with a tv show when every other toy knows what factory they were from, and every child they ever had?
Maybe she should leave toys on the floor
The magic of childhood. So wonderful
She's got a little mannequin, I wonder if somebody used that for drawing reference
This is Awesome...big smile on my face...I am 24 and I am still a kid
You catch her rubbing a random vase in Hope of a genie after Aladdin
That is one clean kids room.
Those movies are too damned scary for my kid. Which one has the fucked-up baby doll and trash-melting peril again? That's some premium nightmare fuel.
Me after Toy Soldiers
This was me when I was a kid
Her outfit is everything 😍
This is why we lose our imagination as adults.
Not bad kid
Definitely tie a string to some of them and pull then when she dies that next time
Bring her a remote controlled car and don’t tell her it’s remotely controlled. Then you do your thing !
Move her toys while she’s gone.
"It's ok, I've made the foto for my internet friend you can leave now sweetie"
awwwww
Pretty sure I did the same thing
Toys are not that dumb
This is the most adorable child I have ever seen. Look at that little blue dress soo cute.
😭😭😭
MY HEART CAN'T TAKE IT!
Next, tell her that she's a doll you bought from Al's Toy Store
That's a cool dresser. Any links?
I did this !!! I also use to talk to them and say you can trust me!
Or New York after 911
Lol
Ditto kid. Ditto.
Her room looks so tidy! Look how clean that floor is! The toys are probably just starting put to help her keep it nice and clean.
This is why I found those movies terrifying 😱
I love her dress so much! It's so pretty!
DUDE I DID THIS
This is just adorable
People were asking. Here is [similar storage] (https://www.ikea.com/us/en/p/trofast-storage-combination-with-boxes-pine-light-white-stained-pine-white-s19102659/), Ikea Trofast
There is nothing more purer than a child's innocence.
The cutest!!! 😍 I love Toy Story!!
Aww, that's so sweet. Totally something I would have done at her age.
Way to make me want babies ahhh..
That is freaking cute!
That used to be me like 10 years ago
Upvoting for 10/10 cute factor.
That's 10/10 adorable
too cute
I don't know what's happening me as I get older. Movies make me cry, commercials make me emotional and this picture teared me up
I love that shelving with the bucket drawers.
What if you got her an rc car, waited for her to do that, then began driving it?
I used to do that to when I was a little kid. Toy Story is an instant classic.
Is a Australian up vote is allowed?
That really is the cutest thing ever.
Holy shit this has 142k ups. I can see why it would get a good amount but holy shit!
I used to do that when I was a kid 😭❤️
Idk, looks like a great plan for me
This is fuckin unreal cute. I miss having that view of the world. I hope this kids happy forever.
This has made my day, thank you for this
This is the most wholesome thing
u/iamthewalrus12880
Aw that's cute. To be a kid again.
Omg I used to do that when I was younger
This is cute and all, but imagine what those crappy kids YouTube videos do to their perception of reality.
That's a remarkably clean and organized room.
She’s smarter than me as a kid, I would’ve ran back in full force..
Cutee
So cute!
This is so fake. No kids room is that clean.
Jesus that’s adorable
If you look up adorable in the dictionary, you'll find this picture.
This should be a painting!
I did this too. I'd set all my toys up and then ealk out and close the door, wait 5 seconds and open the door really quick. Never witnessed anything.
To have faith like that again. Kids are awesome sometimes.
Better rip the magic doesnt exist bandaid off now.
The innocence! I too did this when I was younger. Enjoy this time little girl
Tie a string to a toy, make it start moving around when she does this and she will be amazed
Save the best post of the year for the end. I’ll gladfully wait again before I see a post like this again.
/u/finestjun Show her this video: [Toy Story Shadow Box In Japan](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udaDTiPTbBk)
Adorable!!!
So innocent and cute. I love this so much. ♡
This post has the most up votes I've seen so far.
You need to sneak in there and stage the toys in a scene some time when she doesn't know anyone is around.  Then check for her reaction.  ;)
I remember doing that as a kid thanks to the first movie and Secret Life of Toys
“Weeeee seee everyyyyyything.....

SO PLAY NICE 🤠”
As though my toy hoarding wasn't bad enough as a kid, believing they might be sentient beings with thoughts and personalities,  and also cared about me made it so I couldn't get rid of anything, ever.
I’m 41, so a kid long before Toy Story came out, and I still remember doing exactly this when I was a little girl. ❤️
Awwwwwwwww!
That is soo cute and definitely something I used to do
So precious💕
Used to do the same thing now I'm 21 and damn this post brought backmajor, major feels that I haven't felt in a lonnngggg time
!remindme 1 month
This would be perfect for a Photoshop battle
You should show her A Christmas Toy. When toys are 'caught' out of place by humans, they go into a coma and don't wake up. It's actually one of my favorite Christmas movies from when I was a kid even though watching it as an adult, it's pretty dark lol. https://youtu.be/ctp3B9fXveg
This is so wholesome and adorable.
This is the most upvotes I’ve seen on here
Aww, that's adorable!
Growing up I was terrified of my toys because of toy story and the puppet master movies.
purest shit i’ve seen today
I did something similar when I was a kid because of *Batteries Not Included* and *The Christmas Toy* (way before Toy Story). I would try to burst into my room really quickly, unannounced to catch my toys moving. Never did.
I did the same thing after seeing Raggedy Ann in the theater and Winnie the Pooh.
Wait till she becomes 18.. she’ll def leave for sure... ;(
Can you tell me where she got those storage shelves? I'm in serious need of those to organize my daughter's stuff.
I'd need tissue too...
So cute!
That's one of the cuter things I have ever seen
 She beat the game
better set her straight though right? like sweety, toys don't actually become animated when you leave. But here is a plant. it's alive. yay!
I once dated a girl who did the same thing every time we had a fight...
Cute don't even been to describe this
I feel like someone should draw this
