At :50 “GET YO ASS DOWM FROM THERE!!”
Was this a huge selling feature when you bought the place? I works pay extra for this feature, as well.
The moms like" get yer ass down from there NOW!"
If you don’t mind me asking, where do you live?
Just a little more information...

This is the 2nd year I've owned the house and 2nd time I've seen it happen. But basically this bobcat is smaller then last years mom and I can only think that it's actually one of the kittens from last year.

The little space under the roof on the right is actually where she gave birth and the kittens like to sleep, it's pretty decent shelter.

Also, I don't want to do anything more than just put up a camera. Because I've seen a few people suggest building a dog house or something, but they are wild animals and needed to be treated as such and cant get used to humans. Literally last week in another part of town, some guy decided to pick up one of the kittens in his yard and ended up getting stitches. So as much as they are adorable, they are still wild and dangerous!

I have been super tempted to put up some kind of ball up there though lol.

Edit: Wow this post went crazy really fast. Thanks for all the gold and platinum! 
I have a LOT more videos of all this but the camera I have up there at the moment wouldn't really let me live stream, I'd have to set up a different one. They leave during the day since they aren't locked up there, but in the morning and afternoon they are usually playing there. If people are actually wanting me to livestream on twitch or something I can probably set that up.
Oh my gosh they act exactly like house kittens 😄 haha and momma yells at the little guy who ventured to far 😍
They're beautiful, and that was a brilliant idea.
The close up on that baby bobcat belly was awesome!lol
Omg I loved when the momma bobcat yelled at the baby for his shenanigans haha
[deleted]
Poor mama cat trying to bathe and her kittens are climbing all over her.  How on earth can you get anything done? My entire day would be spent watching this adorableness!
Welp, that's the cutest thing I've seen all week.
Man, you need to livestream this shit..
That, is a special type of awesome
I don't know what I expected a bobcat to sound like, but it wasn't quite that. Neat.
[You got games on ya phone?] (https://imgur.com/gallery/GUSanil)
Wow!  I 💕💕 this so much!   TY for sharing!  Got more?
That mama cat is gorgeous. I'd be super tempted to throw a ball up there too.
How did you find them up there? 

I’m picturing you hearing random noises and then going up to the roof and being greeted by a mom bobcat and the cutest kittens ever. 

However, the mom is super protective and attacks you.
Just when you thought the world was only a negative black hole filled with atrocities and hate, this comes along and you realize it is.... But it has this in it too. Thank you stranger!
Lol  she yells  like a mom at the supermarket.
@1:01 That's bobcat mom for, "you get down from there NOW!".
I...did not know they made that sound
After the Bobcat leaves with its cubs it returns to its own domicile to watch all the video she's captured of you during her visit to your home.
I'm fucking dying over this! I love her yelling at her baby! It's pretty adorable.
little furry bundles of life 😭😭
"Get your ass down from there Riley."
"Oi, Thing One! Get back down here!"
I'd watch a live stream of this.
I would totally and completely watch the hell out of a live stream of this.
You are SO LUCKY!

Sorry for yelling I’m just really excited for you.
If you do have to resell the house this should add at least a million to the value
Your roof wins the internet today.
I like when the Mom yells at the one telling it to get down.
I thought it was great one year that I put one up in a tree to watch a robin nest. This is a million times better than my birdie cam.
This deserves to break the internet.
It looked like she was saying "HEY get down from there!"
I'm pretty sure you haven't seen a rodent anywhere in your vicinity for years. This is very cool.
There's something about a cat walking up to a video camera to investigate that just makes me laugh like crazy.
Oh my goodness.  You must get *nothing* done!
You know mama was like : "Get your ass down RIGHT NOW!!"
Maybe this is our future? Solidarity.
salesman: *slaps roof*

"this bad boy can... ew cat shit"
Do you know why they chose your roof?
You should send this footage to a local conservation/wildlife group. I bet this kind of footage of a mother bobcat and her young may be relatively rare, I'm sure they would love to have access to your tapes.

&#x200B;

Very cool video, thank you for providing a respawn point for these beautiful animals.
They are beautiful
This bobhuman wants a bobcat.
I could watch this for HOURS
This is by far the best thing I've seen all day. Thanks for posting!
This person is living the coolest of lives.
It's one of her babies that comes back to their childhood roof, give birth, cycle continues.
Please set up a live stream!!
This is national geographic level shit
Pretty sure the market value of your home just went up
Thank you for being such an accommodating human for your roofguests. And thank you for sharing some of their antics with us!
Did you drop the dogs pillow out the window?
I love how she yells at them at the end, "hey, get down from there!" Moms gonna mom.
Non Arizonans should know that bobcats are EXTREMELY dangerous despite the appearance.
Cat parents are incredibly patient with their kids playing on top of them.
You’ve just hit the Reddit jackpot.
That little guy's so curious ❤
This footage is probably really valuable (academically) to the people that study this kind of stuff. You should share it with them. It would be a great tool for understanding behaviour, habitat encroachment, diet, hunting habits and patterns, morbidity rates etc. Its amazing!
Plot Twist: mother bobcat shows her bobcat community surveillance footage of the humans nesting below her
I can see why!  Great spot away from predators, shade, a cozy bedtime nook, OH!  Get the fuck down from there, Kevin!
"You get down from there right now mister!"
This is the content i signed up for
It would indeed take much of every ounce of my self control, not to abduct one of those kittens from the rooftop, and hug him, and squeeze him, and call him George. 

And so you sir, u/littlebill246, are a true Zen Master in control of his emotions! 

I am ready to learn from you, though I am most likely not worthy.
I want to buy you an internet connection and amazon you a webcam so we can stream live.
This is awesome
Your roof looks like the Casablanca roof in Allied
This is like watching DIY Planet Earth and I’m very into it
This needs more upvotes
Aaaaaa the cats look cute
Mama sure gave the kitten on the parapet a talkin' to. Great stuff, thanks for sharing it.
Dude that is freagin awesome!
Mommy kinda sounds like a car alarm. Not what I was expecting. You’re very lucky.
Awesome - looooove bobcats
So what’s it like having a bobcat family living in your yard?
Forgive me if this sounds like a whine, but  *I* want a house with baby bobcats on the roooooof.
You have blessed us all thank you
I need to get me a roof like that!!
WOW What a beautiful clip!!!
Oh sweet jesus, the close-ups. 😍
I want many updates
TIL even bobkittens have a /r/PointyTailedKittens stage
Oh damn they make a barking noise, I had no idea.  Thanks for this cool post OP!
OP is living my dream. Where do I have to live to have a bobcat giving birth on my rooftop?
 WE DEMAND LIVE FEED!
At the end, you can see her saying "Get down from there!" to the kittens 🤣
Beautiful creatures.  We really should take better care of the land we all share.
“Jeremy! Get down ! Damn him”! Meow
Kitten climbs the roof, mama Bobcat *Get down from there little one or I’ll whoop your butt!*.
Can you hear their feet pitter-pattering on the roof from inside?
Needs some David Attenborough
I don't know why I was imagining construction equipment giving birth on your roof, but I really like my headcannon more.
It's like they have lil eyeliner on their lil eyes
The little one is on to you
You are such a great host ! And it almost seems like the  kittens know they are being watched. Lol
this is fantastic! please publish more videos
Gonna need vids daily since they live in frontth of the camera
I wish this was on live stream; I'd watch it when I'm having a lot of anxiety.
What an awesome video  Well done :-)
They’re gorgeous
Setup a live cat cam? :)
This might be my favorite video of all time. Please upload more.
I was not expecting that sound from the mom
Robertcat
Wow they are beautiful
It would amazing if you could set up a live webcam stream so we can watch any time!
Mom, cleaning herself unperturbed:
“... wait... Jimmy! JIMMY!! Goddammit, get down right now Jimmy!”
It's so cute when they practice their murders 

Aawwwwwwzzz

Seriously though I love it
That ended too soon. So freaking cute. It seemed like the momma cat was telling that child to "get the fuck down from there right Now!"
Video was not long enough! More baby bobcat!
"Seamus Jeffrey Mcgruder! Get down here right now before I get up there and drag you down by your tail stub!"
we now know how to say "young man you get down from there right now!!" in Bobcat.
OP. You better post weekly update video.
I NEED MOREREEE
Can we get a subreddit just for this?? Please?
Love how momma is fine with those 2 little ones playing and ruff housing. Then the curious dude gets up past the cam, and momma barks at him to “get your ass down from there!” Fade out...
0:55 JIMMY GET THE HELL DOWN FROM THERE YOU'LL HURT YOURSELF
Fun fact: bob cats can keep up with a mini ATV no problem
Animals, at least mamals and birds, are great parents. Full of loving, patience and care when kids are young and then fuck them off when they need to make their own living. If we were like that, we would be a healthy society.
Mom is like: "Bob! Bob! Get down here this instant. Bob McCat if you don't get down here right now I will call your dad and he may very well eat you!"
\*notices boy climbing\* Hey Get down you little bugger, how many times have i told you..
at :50 I can just about hear her yelling "I said get down from there!" lol
I think they might have guessed where the camera was
Great Grandma, Grandma, Ma, daughter or all birthed by the same mama?
"get the fuck down from there you little shit!"
So you have nore footage uploaded? Or even a livestream? 🤗
GTF down from there, she said.
You should give them a ball or something 🙈 I just want to watch them play! Oh damn can you set up a stream on twitch or something and just live stream ?? I’d watch that
Congrats on 9 months of Reddit premium.
I like the mom at the end noticeably saying "Get down from there!"
OP: "I don't want to do anything more than just put up a camera.. they are wild animals and needed to be treated as such.."



ITT: Everyone telling OP how to intervene.
Cats.
This roof cat needs a pillow.  Maybe a couple of pillows!
Ah that sun baked bobcat placenta smell, must be Springtime on an AZ roof.
You have more restraint than I do ,OP

If this was my house I might suddenly be the proud owner of 3 bobcats
That's not a Bobcat, it's a BarbaraCat.
Aww look at the little murderers... 😍
Absolutely quality content right here thanks!
I can’t express enough how much I appreciate this footage. And I don’t know why but thank you.
Did the momma cat just woof?!
Your roof must be ideal if she keeps coming back. Adorable.
They're so cute! And mama is beautiful.
That is way too adorable!!!
Lucky you  ! I will probably got fired from the job just on the hours I would be watching the cam
Watching this has been the highlight of my day! Thank you for sharing!
livestream pls :)
This looks like my roof in Tucson.  Kinda creepy, but super cute!
I wonder if there are other birthing roofs in the area! send up a drone?
Wow! Thanks for sharing! They are so cute, and she is pretty.
i’ve watched this 10 times. this is so fucking awesome.
Thank you for sharing! :D
Does it get hot as hell up on that roof?
You need to set up a live stream!
I had no idea how cute bobcats are until today
I thought this was the same house as the one with the roof cat on the pillow
I wonder if it’s always/mostly the same dad?
Aw such a good momma bobcat <3
Perv. #bobcatprivacymatters
0:48 " Harold? "

0:51 " HAROLD, I SAID GET YOUR ASS DOWN HERE!"
is this in bishop arizona?
You need to set a live stream on yt.
Wtf? I thought these animals only existed on the discovery channel
Good job, you’re observing nature but not interfering. Well done
I love the end of the clip where the mom is yelling at her kid to get down
I love how my mama kitty is like b**** get off the roof ! what the hell you doing LOL
I like the “Hey, get down from there!” at the end.
Love them soooo much! Wild and free :)
Thank you for sharing.  Precious & interesting
/u/vredditshare
Thank you for doing this
Towards the end there - "careful near that ledge"
I could watch all day long...

Love mom "chiding" the cub, at the end.
Not the cutest thing i’ve seen today, it’s the cutest thing i’ve seen all year.
Thank you for doing this and sharing it.  This is so damn adorable!
0:47 - Mom:  HEY, get down from there you idiot!
I knew that cats were liquid! A liter of kittens is the proof
This is quality.
Would watch live feed 24/7. Please link to it
I would watch this all day on TV
She literally just said, "GET DOWN FROM THERE!"
What model camera are you using? I've been looking to set up a camera on a nest in my shed and the quality of yours is great!
This is the happiest of things right now.
Thanks I love it 
😊😊😍
........... I could watch this all day.
is it normal to want a bobcat kitten
That is one patient Mama.
I can tell by the roof your in Arizona
Bobcat or lynx? Also do they only give birth to as much as two? Why do house cats (so to speak) give birth to a litter of say 4-6 vs this 2-? ?
I Don’t speak cat but I know she said “If you don’t get your ass down from there”
Soo cutee
I have a bobcat that frequently passes my window - I hadn't considered the possibility until I saw your amazing video but I really well and truly hope to see bob cat kittens pass by soon. You are very lucky!
How did you know about this the first time it happened? Pitter patter on your roof ?
I think she used the baby's full name when yelling at him: "Robert Snarlikins Cat Junior! Get down this instant!!"
Reminds me of my parenting. Being self absorbed, half watching. Then hmm something’s happening. Then oh shit honey get down!
Cat eye on point!
Sad day  when she doesn’t show up .
This is so cool! I watched this like a hundred times!
Wow, mama is unbelievably beautiful
I know these are dangerous animals but damn if they don’t look like house cats fooling around.
Goofy perfect little ones
Oh, what is your pet situation? Has the headcount changed at all, you know, what with predators living on the roof and all?
Where did the little one go? Did it come back? The suspense is killing me!!!
You should totally put cat toys up there
Bobcam streaming 24/7
Well my heart just fucking melted
Roof bobcats are way cuter than garage raccoons.
She must feel safe to come back there. Good on you.
I wanna pet.
I’m so glad you put the camera up and shared it with us! So freaking cute and THANK YOU for giving them a safe space.
_OP used_ `Reveal`... _Found a_ Bobcat bundle!

_Bobcat bundle requires_ `Protecc`

Such magestic creatures
Dude this is cool as shit!!!
I love the way she called out when the little one went over
Omg this is so beautiful.
all id do is watch this!
I love how she yells at the baby to “be careful because how many times have I told you to stop climbing that thing, you’re going to fall. Again.”
This was, literally amazing! Thank you.
Bobcat Mama sounds like a sweet indie band.
Ah!  when the mom started chirping at the cub was super awwww
Livestream?
Small bobcats should definitely be called bobkittens.
This is so awesome. I have yet to see one in the wild yet and thus was super bummed Illinois voted to start hunting them again :/
That mother is so patient.
What a wonderful experience. Thanks for sharing the footage with us.
Should have called them bobkittens.
u/VredditDownloader
God tier content this. Thank you.
Precious!!!!
I would totally watch live stream of this cuteness!
Such a cute family and I’m so proud that great Mama!!
Start a twitch stream please?
"Get off of there!"
Hilarious how she starts yelling at the kid to get the fuck off the roof.
looks like AZ to me
Can we expect updates?
“get down from there 😾”
The kitten jumps out of the frame at the very end and the mom gets very worried. Just incredible drama. Better than 100% of network TV.
Do you know da stream, I would pay a $1 for da stream, maybe even tree fiddy
Thank you for being kind to them by providing safety and not shooing them away.
Their little ears! Their little leaps! Thanks for this
I love when they jump on mama’s head at around  :22 and she doesn’t even flinch but keeps on licking.
Wow that’s amazing! You’re so lucky.
I’d watch this on a live stream for hours
Can we get a 247 livestream please
I love it when she stands up and yells, "Get the hell down you silly kit!"
Look at their widdle ears
I know its wrong...  but now I see why people take in wild animals like this. I'd totally have to steal a kitten
I'd like to see someone try to rob your house through that way.
TIL the sound a bobcat makes.
You have done a great service to all of us here at Reddit sir!
I adore  how mama has that look of "I know we are safe here."  So lovely!
The momma is a pretty kitty
Those are some cute murder mittens.
Perfect mom behavior, "leave me alone, I'm taking a bath, go play with your brother, WAIT GET DOWN FROM THERE YOU LITTLE SHIT."
Mamma said, No No No! Get the fuck down here Jerry.
Its fascinating to me the idea of maternal instincts in animals because this cat is chill as fuck, grooming herself and relaxing but as soon as one of the kittens is too far away, she immediately goes into monitor mode and acts, chirping at the kitten to return.  A wild cat, with what many would consider a very low IQ compared to humans,  has more parenting skills than my shitty ass sister in law.
Whoah, what a weird sound the mama makes ...i.dont know why I thought she would meow like a house cat...
oh no, the curious one got in trouble :(
Have you thought of adding anything up there? Like some kind of shelter for when it rains?
Brandon Stark, you come down from there this instant!
Mama was like, "Timothy! GET DOWN FROM THAT LEDGE!"
The ending where she tells him to come down this instant 😂
You should put some food and a bed up for them next time i mean if your gonna be in there home might aswell pay rent
please start a live stream of this! I want to watch this little family
Can you go live with this?  I'd like to check in to watch her and kittens.  She speaking to me surprised me!
They're cute, but I imagine it stinks really bad up there.
Love how momma is fine with those 2 little ones playing and ruff housing. Then the curious dude gets up past the cam, and momma barks at him to “get your ass down from there!” Fade out...
And you didn't throw a pillow down to them? You monster!
All-organic anti-burglary system.

Also, mama cat yelling "get down there!" x)
You have a pretty cool roof!
Dude make this a payed live stream. I would watch bobcats playing for fucking hrs
I love how the mom immediately got up after the kitten climbed up the roof, i could jist hear her saying "Hey! You get back her right now young man/ young lady!"
They're so beautiful! You have a nice little spot for them in that corner :)
OMG this is precious! you done good.
Oh my god .. Cat Mom screams on a small child climbing the roof. How much care she is, and her reaction is so interesting.
Did it barked at the end?
Please post more footage.
Did something happen to the 1st cub? The mother seemed a bit stressed out when it disappeared
Typical sibling behavior: 1 curious and brave, 1 shy mama's boy,
Simply awesome. Made my day. Thanks for the share. *Sends e-beer*
That's awesome! The mom must feel like it's a safe place to come back every year. Epic of u to not have them removed. U should try leaving a couple toys there and see Wut ur camera catches lol
May God bless you for this beautiful content!
are they loud?
Thank you for this gift to the world.
I want to see moreeee pls
How on Earth are they not called "bobkittens"?
Bobkittens
I did not expect a tiny dog to come out of that kitty’s mouth.

Super cute video though
This is truly cool. Thank you so much for sharing!
0:11 cuutieeeee
Ahhh you should stream it.  On patreon.  For wildlife charity donations.  Do nudes too.
Where do you live? I'd never leave the house, be too busy watching the camera feed
kitteh best animal.
Please stream this 24/7! I'd watch it!!
Can this be a yearly routine? I want to see another post like this next year
Near the end the mum was like ‘oy get down from there timothy no jumping!’
Where do I subscribe?
Look at her get up and yell when the kitten jumps over the camera. Johnny, you get down off that roof, right now!!!! Oh wait....
“Look at me, I’m POUNCING!”
Damn that bobcat is getting laid more often than me
The mom telling the cub to get down from there at the end...lol children of all species...”GET DOWN”
"Now you get down from there this instant!"
Why can’t you come to work today??? “KITTIES!”
throw a pillow down there
Love the vocal chiding at :50
I love them.  I love them so much.
I'd be so thrilled to have found out these are hiding on my roof.
You know you're in trouble when Mom stops what she's doing and runs after you screaming.
That's so cute
Bobcats are still allowed to be hunted and trapped in many states in the United States. Help Bobcats by buying up hunting licenses in your state and then don't kill a bobcat.
That kitten that keeps playing with the camera is like the conspiracy theorists of cats. They're watching us man!
Ever see the one that has eagles born? They let the camera rolling  until they are pushed out of the nest.
What camera did you use? I have a similar situation.
Got any more footage? Post linx please
Me and my sister begged my dad for a dog for most of our child, on and off over the years. In 2017 we finally persuaded dad to get the family a dog, we looked on gumtree consistently over a few weeks and we found a cheap mongrel staffs looking puppy for only $100. Dad wasn’t interested in a dog after his last dog (the absolute best thing in his life) died when me and my sister was young. So we go up to the farm where the puppies are and we go meet them. My dad instantly lights up and anyone could tell he loved this little black runt looking one even though my dad was a hard man. Now in 2019 jimmy (the puppy) is a bit more grown and my dad can’t live without him.
It’s amazing the connecting between human and animal.

Life’s good
You can practically feel the pure innocence
Woah this is wildly cute. I love how momma like YAPS at the baby when he jumps up.. like "get down from there!"   when the little baby approaches it. Did you set up multiple cameras? or did you just get the lucky w/ the placement?
Where the hell do you live where you just let bobcats come to your roof and give birth every year
Amazing thank you kind sir you made my day
They are so adorable, and it pleases my soul that you have not interfered with them. Thanks for sharing this. I feel so sick at heart sometimes about the environment and encroachment on animal living spaces, it's just wonderful to see wild things healthy and happy like this.
You should put a pillow up there
live stream this you asshole
Can you put up one of those large cat trees up there? It will be so much fun to see the cubs play on that.

I can help fund this
You are blessed.
Awww. God bless you for letting them stay there and letting them be. I'm sure mama appreciates being in a place she doesn't have to worry about a lot of predators! Hopefully they never intersect with everyone else in the neighborhood and get to live peacefully until they're big enough to go out on their own.
OH MY GOODNESS. You are so lucky to be chosen. Thanks for sharing 💕
Where in Florida?
Believe it or not this is actually a rare cat subspecies of bobcat. A common name for it is the Arizona Billcat! They’re extremely similar the regular bobcats but on average roughly 2 millimeter shorter, give or take, and have slightly longer ear tufts. When in heat, a lot of female cats will make a call that sounds virtually indistinguishable from Bill Murray’s deepest side killing laugh.
Ermahgerd, this made my day!!!!
Aww lil cuties! I wanna scritch one 😍😍😍
I want one!
This is awesome! What state/province is this in?
Awww, I love them! I’m in Az too but not near enough to the desert to get Bobcats. Just feral cats and urban coyotes.
I know that look. It means 'get your ass down here'
Looks like an oro valley neighborhood
I love how "Hey! You get down offa there!" is the same in every species.
Beautiful
you def gotta throw some toys up there or even an old rough rug for them to lie and sharpen their claws on! Adorable!
where is this?
Where is the live stream?
Huh, was wondering if these kitties and other larger kittens would meow as house cats/kittens, then momma bobcat made that sound... 🤔 almost like a coyote (?)
Is this Phoenix or Cali or another place?
So cute
I am *InCrEdIbLy* jealous!
I know it's super cute and I want to appreciate YOU for appreciating and recording that. Thanks!
damn khajiits are everywhere these days
Thank you for sharing. That waa very special to see
Thank you for sharing this! Very cool.
Every year? lol
So, ah, where is the extended edition directors cut, cause I could watch this all day?
Gimme your address so I can Walter White a pizza up there.
Nice
Is this in Las Vegas?
They’re beautiful
"Get down from there" is easy to understand no matter what Mom says it.
Where is that? Just curious
you need to setup an account on twitch and live stream this.
Nuguget
awww..
Good work with the camera placement!
This is absolutely fabulous!
Gorgeous cats <3
Where's the Attenborough voice over?
“Get yer ass back over here” in bobcat.
You need to set up like a little toy that swings.
So cute, can you maybe put down something for them to sleep on?
lynx in the description.
You could set up a nesting box!
Your a real one for not calling animal control or anything like that.
She said get down from there
I love how they hid behind the mom while playing.
wholesome
Thank you for your service.
I want a bobcat now
How do they get to the roof, and how to they go downstairs?
Soo cute!
Amazing
I know by the roof style that this is an Arizonan house lol. Hello, fellow Arizonan
How long did the first litter and mom stay in the roof? Just curious.
So precious.  THank you.
How’d they get on the roof?
So cute!!
This is so cute and cool
i like how unbothered the mom is
"GET OFF THE SHED!" - Mama bob
So stinking cute!!
I killed a bobcat a couple of years ago by mistake, I still feel horrible.
Keep an eye on Bobcat mama...she can be fierce.
0:49 Mama cat shouting to the kitten to get down from there lol
TIL what bobcats sound like
“Dammit Bobby! get down from there!”
Do they stay there throughout the year as a home or only as a birthplace?
So cool!!!
Bobkittens!
😁
Haha the mum was like, no get down from there!
Ended way too soon. I could watch them all day.
dope
I think they are onto you
Is this Phoenix or something?
What did that kitten jump over at the end?
The one kitten was like “Hey mom is this supposed to be here?”
Murder kittens!!!
How long did it take you to choose the clip to use?

I can imagine spending hours .
This is fantastic! I love when she scolds the climbing baby, I imagine her saying the kitten’s full name like “Robert James Anderson, you get down here this instant!”
where's the rest?
Very cool!
Oh. My. God. It just gets better and better
Omg when the kitten is in front of the camera and we could see its fuzzy little belly omg so cuuuuuuute
That's dope! We have one that sets up every year under our elm and I never once thought to put up a camera.
Can you hear them jumping around on the roof from inside the house?
Good place to keep away from coyotes
The mom looked like she said “Bobby, get yo ass back down here” in bobcat language. 

Edit: gave the kitten a name.
starting my day on the internet the right way!
/r/blurrypicturesofcats
That’s a breach of privacy
Is this in or near oak park, ca?
You should do weekly videos so we can watch the kitties more lol
I like how one of the kittens just hit the camera
This is unbelievably great and cute. Thank you.
Best thing ive seen all day
I think if it has babies and you aren’t close, it should be referred to as Robert cat. <ducks/>
Soooooooo. What's your air b&b price around this time of year?
It;s just a bigger version of kitties
I take it your camera has an LED indicator on it?

Kitty training for chasing laser pointers.
Pleeeaase give us more!! Also if nothing else put a ball and water up there! I'm jeally.
I think that not doing anything is probably a great decision. Presumably she has other places she could have picked instead and she picked that one because it already works.
Follow me on instagram: raughtiron
So pretty, I'm jealous.
Just be super super careful with a bobcat on your roof.  A bobcat won't normally attack a human, but if they feel like their cubs are threatened they might.
All cats are basically the same, the only difference is their size, habitat/diet, and how they react to humans.
Thank you for posting this! If I didn't keep chickens, I would LOVE to host some bobcat fam
Next year can you please also install a laser pointer that switches on and moves around randomly every now and then?
If only you could pet them
How excellent is that!!??
I can watch these all day. OP, can you post more!?
Cat litters are so fun to watch. There's always at least one adventurous kitten, and (from what I've seen) they tend to get into trouble. I'm not a specialist, though, so this is just anecdotal story.
TiL Bobcats bark.
OG Spots on the belly!
At least you know there aren’t birds on the roof.
u/VredditDownloader
How adorable :)
So adorable
Beautiful creatures
So cool! How long do you expect them to stay?
Lil’ lynx rufuses
Every year? That’s so interesting that she comes back!!
Pretty cat, I can see why she has a litter every year
No pigeon problem at that house!
Lucky!
I WANT A MURDER KITTEN!
Is this Arizona?
This is golden
Those are the most adorable little robertkittens! Please post more videos as they grow!
Oh boy, you better be ready to pay a daily cat tax now
That is cool AF!!
I love this!
 “don’t make me drag you back here” - the mom
That's a big nope!
She's like Aw hell no get off of that ledge!
All fund and games until mom gives out free scritches.
wow!!!!!so cute!!!looks very soft!!! i like it!!!!!
How old are they? My cat gave birth to four lovely kittens about two weeks ago, they haven't opened their eyes yet.
Ur the real g for not getting rid of them
Put a tennis ball up dere
Serious question.  What do they do for food in an urban area ?
I have been blessed
Wow this is cool
Omg so amazing!
TIL bobcats sort of bark.
wow i never realized that was what a bobcat sounded like
Better than the backseat of your Prius
u/heikoalabear
Wow so cuuutteeeee
😍😍😍😍
I’m happy you’ve given the mama a place to give birth
Aww
Same thing happens to me when i try to take a bath too, bobcat momma
Awesome
MAKE WALLS GREAT AGAIN
Das a weird roof
Sorry, where are you?
How fun, thank you for sharing!
So cute
This is the best thing I’ve seen today
Super cute! I wanna watch them all day! Thanks for being such an awesome person!
Robert Cat
This would be an epic pillow cat v2
How does she get on the roof?
Who'd've thunk that big cats would not only survive, but thrive!
Super cute
Could literally here the bobcat Momma say "get down here you lil piece of shit"
Why does this say near me? I’m in a semi suburban area. Where do I go to see baby bobs
Hello secret camera!
I love how shes yelling at him to get down from wherever he was going 😍
Dont mind me asking, but there are many videos here of a mother animal and her children, but not so much of the father. Why dont the dads stick around their family?
I have two stray cats that picked me, I so want a bobcat.
Someone get that mom a vacation
Do you live in AZ?
BABIES
So if you had 5 kids every year for 7 years, would you love them equally or have favorites?
What does the Bobcat say? Apparently A YOW YOW YOW YOW YOW...yow.
What are u charging her for rent?!?!?
No one would have believed you if you hadn't recorded it!! This is so cute!
Make sure you drop a pillow into the roof
We used to hear one bopping around on my mom's roof when she lived in Tucson. We loved that she was up there.
Are you up in OV?
Just a litter of two?  Super cool video.  Thanks for posting.
They must smell your scent on the equipment to come up to the equipment. She's probably telling them it's old. Wish there was sound. LoVE cats! Thanks for the vid!
This is adorable❤️
Is this in Arizona?
Please update us on everything these kittens do!!
It's not fair that the kittens look like the non-rip-your-face-off kind of kitty.
Good guy OP!
I would love to see how they would react to catnip
Y’all just chill with bobcats and stuff out there or
I love the mom towards the end... Get down. Get DOWN! I SAID GET DOWN FROM THERE!!
What a good momma
She is so beautiful
You need to get one and raise it to be your companion
I've never heard a cat bark before.
The curious cub jumps up and moms like “HEY HEY HEY HEY”
This needs to be some kind of live streaming channel. I'd donate.
That's gotta increase your property value. I know I'd pay extra.
That's awesome! I've always loved bobcats, so I'm sort of jealous I don't have any living on my roof. :(
Aw, you're so sweet to do this. They're adorable.
This is some explore.org level wild animal insight!
It’d be great if you could get the birth  next time.  Thanks so much for sharing this. World class.
I love it !
It's always interesting animals go to the camera to inspect... Probly cause it's out of place , compared to everything else, I guess?
Just got back from a long LAX round trip, leaving off daughter to go back to Prague. This was a perfect lift to a grinding day.
Thank you!
Have you left any food and water for them?
My thoughts “how cool is that?....until they eat my dogs” 😦
How do animals always know to come up to the camera? It’s like they know someone’s watching. And no one can convince me it’s random, these kitties aren’t sniffing around other random roof tiles and stuff.
Thank you for sharing !
I'm pretty doped up right now on morphine yay asthma but that dog barking at her puppies at the end was too cute...
Oh my god the part where he jumps up in front of the camera and you can see his furry little tummy 😍😍😍
Thank you for sharing this
Is the bobcat the one with the Banche wail?
This deserves every upvote.
Towards the end she was like.... “Get yo ass down now!”
Where did the little kitty go? Mama started crying for it
Holy cow, I instantly recognized that the Mom was scolding her cub to 'get the FUCK down, that's a rooftop, idiot!'
I thought this was gunna be another gif of Bobcat excavators...
Fellow Tucson resident, grew up in deep Marana and never got to see big cats. Moved to the NW side of town and would see Bob Cats a few times a year.
How did you first realize that was happening on your roof?
That is so adorable.

You could set up a "live cam" and make some money....
I need to know what happened to the curious cat that went off frame. The mom was looking for him and then...?
They’re so cute! Is it the same mom? So is she having kids every year?
Did the baby fall off the roof??
I like them Feline Roberts
It looks like the house is submerged in concrete.
This is perfection. Life is amazing. I am melting.
Every year? What happened to all the other bobcat kids?
Is your window open?
Beautiful
And people say Australia is dangerous.
bobkittens?
