[I’m that lady ](https://imgur.com/gallery/0Z6wLB1)
When you pretend to like your Christmas Present
...Bathmat?...
THIS GOOD BOY
Meanwhile, my GS refuses to even consider the oversized Serta dog bed I got her for Christmas
When your grandma knits you that really tiny sweater because she forgot you were no longer 10 years old, and you put it on anyway in her presence during the holiday because you know she’s terminal and if this is her last day on earth you want to see her go with a smile.
"No, Juile...please don't beat yourself up about this.  It's not your fault.  It's mine.  I'm too big.  You're a good human.  I'm just a big dog.  If anything that picture on Amazon was misleading. Trust me, we're good.  I'll just lie here...just...here.  Sit.  I'll sit here.  See?  Perfect.  Thank you, Julie, you're the best!"
This is giving me weird nostalgia from my childhood when my mom would make me wear the clothing I was gifted to say "thank you" to whoever sent it.
We have the same floor and dog.
Is that a memory foam bath mat? Cause I don’t blame the dog. That stuff’s comfortable
If I fits, I sits.
Must have got it off Wish
reminds me of my girlfriends dog, a 75lb boxer/pointer mix who happily sits in the bed i got for my 15lb chihuahua/jack russel mix.

the big girl dont care, she is just super happy to have a soft something to touch lol  such a great dog!  she also allows my smol pup to steal her xl serta bed, which is hilarious.
This also should be in /r/canyoubelievethis :D  or even better /r/WatchDogsDieInside
I'm down here scrolling trying to find the comment pointing out that this is two different dogs.  (Which totally doesn't change the cuteness of it all or anything)
That is a bathroom floor mat.
My golden likes small things too.  He's a big boy and constantly trying to fit on our shih tzu's bed or into small spaces.
Dogs are too pure for us
Our golden rejected his bed... all he wants is a pillow to lay his head on. So I gave him my pillow from the bed, so he didn’t feel lonely.

Edit:
https://i.imgur.com/AvVKpzy.jpg
I've seen this so many times before and it always gets me right in the feels. He's just grateful for his gift he doesn't care that it's too small, he's going to make the most of it.
Now that's one good boi.
"Thank you for doing your best Susan, I love it"
We need to find this good boy and give him the biggest fluffiest bed ever.  And all the pets.
A lesson in gracefulness towards well-meaning mistakes
That's so wholesome...! :O
This is how I imagine this playing out. Doggo receives gift, gift is clearly too small for slightly overweight doggo but since doggo is nice nothing gets said, doggo trains every day in the back yard for months while listening to rocky theme music, doggo cuts back on milkbones, and months later doggo becomes [mayor of town](https://abcnews.go.com/US/golden-retriever-named-mueller-mayor-southern-california-town/story?id=63371017). Pretty good success story if you ask me.
He lies to make her happy. We don't deserve doggos.
This must be from wish.com
That's so wholesome...! :O
r/thisismylifenow
"no I love it it's perfect"
[deleted]
Cat would loaf next to it.
how is that even a bed for a small dog? It looks like a friggen pot holder
“Hooman, i appreciate the gesture and will treasure this gift.”
Cause that's what heros do
The dog version of this. 

https://youtu.be/dbjVO0m6pHU
He has nice pillow
I bought one (because it was cheap af) for my dog just recently that's too small, not this silly but I didn't realise how big she was (greyhounds are deceiving) she loved it but try as she might she cant get on it properly it just folds up and pulls around as she tries to get on the thing, she looked just like this dog trying so hard and ending up sitting beside it. I felt so guilty watching her that to make it up to her I'm hand sewing her one lol, not paying $200 for one at the pet shops and none of the cheap shops have big soft ones anymore (Australia is fun), I'm not that guilty, but the fabric won't go through my shitty sewing machine so I've got myself in deeper than I had expected when I bought the first bed haha.
Dog showing appreciation of owner's thought.
What a good sweet dog. Doesn't want to make his person feel bad about her goof up!!
If it fits even a little I sits
The embodiment of the sentiment "it is the thought that counts" right there.  Grateful to have gotten a present and darn well going to prove to mom that they appreciate it.
Hemlo barkness my ol fren.
My high ass read “tiny dog BREED” and I genuinely thought she ordered a dog and it was way smaller than expected
He didn't want to hurt your feelings by rejecting the tiny bed. Dogs are too good for us.
I feel like we all could take a lesson from this doggo
Dogs are too good for us
If only my dog be grateful like this cute dog.
Dogs are too good for us
Mfw my wish order arrives
When you’re sleeping over at your friends house and all you get is a pillow
dogs are wholesome
Who can find the oldest reddit post of this pic?

&#x200B;

My entry:  [https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/64wync/dogs\_mom\_accidentally\_orders\_xs\_dog\_bed\_good\_dog/](https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/64wync/dogs_mom_accidentally_orders_xs_dog_bed_good_dog/)
That's a bed? It looks more like a kitchen or bathroom floor mat.
Just like Pumba In Lion King 3.
He's not pretending, he looks like he genuinely loves it! ... It's just too small.
Goldies are the best!
Big dog, little bed = always funny :-)
hey if it fits, i sits.
Adorable
Oh thank you so much its perfect
he can use it as a head pillow and put it on top of the old (or new new) bed
The standing photo makes it look like 

A) the photo was taken just as the dog achieved Nirvana and was ascending to supreme consciousness.

B) the pure joy and serenity of the dog overloaded the cameras CCD
I once saw my aunt's Australian shepherd squeeze into a small dog bed
Marry him. He won't complaint.
He still hap about it
Looks like a Cat bed but sure :)
Sarcasm at it's finest
My parents have like 7 dogs. The big ones often sleep in the small dog beds and the small ones sleep in the big ones.
Karen, really?
The difference between a dog and a cat.  The cat would not put up with that and instead sit in the bed's delivery box glaring at you.
Hahah!! Cutee
I still love you Mama. Its the gift the counts.
"That's fine. This is fine."
Good boy
that's why dogs are better than cats
This reminds me of how my now 70 lb labrador INSISTS on sitting on my lap whenever I sit on the floor like she did when she was a puppy
I can't stop laughing lol - this dog is the freaking best. It's like he's using it so his owner won't have to feel bad for ordering the wrong size.
Better than when I got my dog a big fancy dog bed and he would always lay on the ground next to it rather than on it.
“Oh yeah.. it’s ok Janet, I’ll find a use for it..”
The Dog trap is working!
Isn’t that just a place mat?
Not disappointed
Lol the dog sitting on it doing nothing
“It’s the Goodest bed to me, mom” ❤️
Trying not to hurt her feelings
Dogs are smart, this is the subtle way to cause remorse and get exactly what they want. This is not all about oxytocin.
r/animalsbeingbros
I hope the doggo got another one
I have a 7lb dog who uses pillows that way
“This is my life now”
I assume that it is from Wish.
That's barely big enough to take a Shitzu on!
He makes do with what he got, and he loves it because it came from his human, bless his heart.
dog bed or no-slip foam bathroom mat? the world may never know.  


you know, they say a hard floor is better for their bones, long term. so him using it only as a pillow kinda makes sense.
Thank you for my pillow I love it
He’s really zenning it in the last photo lol
Master has given Doggy a pillow!
My dog likes to chew her rawhide chew sticks on top of something.  My wife had a piece of fabric that made it's way out of her sewing room that was like about a 3" x 3" quilting scrap, so of course my dog carefully maneuvers so that all of her chewing is done on top of that little square.
Be it a cat, it would have found a way to fit on it. As cats can literally find a way to make a home in a wine glass. Or even just a flat piece of cardboard.

Or like this furry feller in a bowl https://static.boredpanda.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/funny-liquid-cats-if-it-fits-i-sits-201-5ab8af7202248__700.jpg
That’s why dogs are better than cats!
Title gets worse with every repost though
This made my day 😂🤣
That’s a damn grateful doggo
The dog's face in the laying down pic cracks me up.  "Jesus Karen I am not a fucking  chihuahua ".
“Thank you for ma pillow!”
When you dont wanna hurt your moms feelings! 
Dogs are so fucking adorable though.
Best boy
Because that's what good boys do
u/hotgarbahj its fine.. im fine..
This thread is...is just so wholesome! Good dog bed!
Dog is a good boy or girl and appreciates the gesture anyways.  Aww.
we don’t deserve dogs.
This is a human reincarnation, but they were good at faking being surprised and happy at gifts they get
"If I close my eyes, I'm not sitting on a placemat"
It mine
When mom gets the wrong toy but you don’t want to say anything because you love your mom
he’s making the best out of it 😂
I think he really likes it.  Like it's a pillow.
Cute doge
This reminds me of the time we accidentally bought a 25 pound box of mini biscuits for my English Mastiff.  He is 180 pounds.  He still ate them.
My dog does this with a bed that IS big enough for him,
dog is grateful. we should be more like dog. we should be more grateful.
Aww thank you ganrdma! I *like* this socks (while im putting them again in the bag)
Better than my dog. We’ve bought her at least 3 beds so far but she’d rather lay on a towel in the floor.
When you pretend you like the barbers haircut
So I should get my cat a mat the size of a coaster...makes sense.
A grateful doggo
Dog looks proud on its throne of small.
When u buy a dog bed from Wish!!!
This is fine
Welp I hope he has an actual dog bed now
Someone donated her a new bed i heard
r/RarePuppers
I’m weeezing lol 😂😂😂😂
Let's be real.  She ordered some pot holders and hoped the dog wouldn't realize.
My dog has 4 beds. One hammock type bed and an orthopedic bed since she has arthritis. If you put a 6x6in wash cloth on the ground she will lay on it.
Looks like its working well as a pillow.
The bed I got my dog was too small, which I worried about before I bought it. The little fella was so happy to have a bed of his own he laid on it instantly and rarely gets up 🙂

Get your dog a bed - they deserve it!
What a good boy!
Dogs don’t pretend to like things. He’s genuinely happy for his gift, which I think is even sweeter.
Do better KAREN
Cat translation: Woman genuinely orders perfect cat bed. Cat pretends everything is bad.
Rofl
THIS is why we don’t deserve dogs.
My wife’s family exchanges Christmas gifts with everyone in the family, so basically everyone buys everyone else a small $5-25 gift. Well on my second visit I was surprised with one of her aunts giving me a gift. I tell her thank you and I open it, it was a coffee mug, I again tell her thank you and put on my lap. Then another aunt comes up to me and hands another gift, I say thank you and open it, it was another coffee mug. I say thank you again. A third aunt walked up to me and gave a gift, I open it and it was another coffee mug. A fourth aunt walks to me and and hands me a gift, but right before I open it I say man it will be funny if this is another coffee mug, well sure enough I open it and it’s another coffee mug. I start to laugh because I have 4 coffee mugs in my lap. She looked kinda embarrassed but I told her it was cool. Later on the drive home I told my wife, so I guess you didn’t tell them I don’t drink coffee.. she started to laugh and told me I’ll make sure to tell them.
Me when the waiter gave me the wrong order.
Cool boi, not gonna let mama get upset
AWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW i love you buddy
silence hooman i am elevated
Such a strong buppo!
Aww look you buy him a new pillow first he can wait for big comfy bed
Accident or intentional, make the owner sleep on it.
Such a dog move.
It's actually a Hoverboard... The Jetsons kind
14/10  -     Appreciative
It's clear the dog thinks it's a pillow...
My lab would have just eaten it anyway.
Me every time they mess up my order
" This is my life now "
This is the best thing I’ll see all day.
Woman orders perfectly fitting cat bed. Cat doesn't give a fuck
a Golden does not disappoint and is not disappointed.
Doggo doesn't look too impressed in 2nd picture lol
Funny, I have a bathroom mat that look just like this.
My lab has a giant bed, and he still: 

1. Uses it as a pillow with his body on the floor.
2. Has his body on the edge of the bed with his head hanging off it in the most uncomfortable looking position imaginable.
I have never seen so much condescension in a dogs face lol
Making the best of any situation.
u/nicau22 "its a great bed human i love it. Look im using it!"
Improvise. Adapt. Overcome.
Dogs are great, we mess up all the time and they love us anyways ☺️
My dog doesn’t want to get on her bed that’s her size, she wants to get in the chihuahuas bed and curl up into it. She’s a boxer Pitt mix
Man’s best friend knows...even when she is wrong,  a woman is never wrong.
aww that's cute but sad
This is why dogs are the best
Why is this so funny 😂
doggo good
"AN AVACADOOOO THAAAAAANKS"
Legend.
Pumbaa and Timon lion king
Is this the best doggie or what?  My heart just broke.
the dog is just being polite, doesnt want to hurt anyones feelings lol
Dog: "No, Mom, I like it; I really like it. Honest! It's not too small, see?"
She must have ordered from WISH.....
Dog is not pretending. Everything is perfect. He got a new pillow or sitting pad from his human and he knows he is loved.

Doggo didn't expect anything so having anything is perfect.

Doggo is Zen Master.
I got my parents a golden retriever for Christmas. Dad was 75 lbs, mom was 55 lbs. We were hoping for the average. Brought him home at 8 weeks and he was already 25 lbs. They bought a cute little dog pillow for him that only fit his head at that point. He peaked at about 115 lbs.
This dog is amazing. I spent $500 on one of those comforting anxiety relieving faux fur beds for my dog. She won't lay in it. She has to sleep on the couch or my bed.
This about sums up my life
r/animalsbeingbros "dis gud. I lyke. Much comfy."
My dog has a full size bed and will not only do both of these things, but also just lay on the floor next to it.
The best boy.
R/metoo
r/thisismylifenow
The equivalent of getting off brand toys for Christmas when you were younger
dogs will do anything to not make you sad. I love dogs.
When you get a different order at a restaurant but you’re too socially awkward to correct it.
Was it ordered from wish ?
Whiskey Stones!
Cute! Butt still dough...
That's what my dog did
I appreciate you trying, Karen.
Team player
Dog just happy hooman thought of dog
Dogs like I shouldn't tell her just yet. Give her hints tho
My dog was ungrateful. He kept looking at it, and then at me while I just laughed at him
Dog probably really really really appreciates having somewhere other than that slippery floor to stand.  Bare floors are bad for dog joints and hips.
😂
The bed is normal sized and the dog is giant.
Because that's what dogs do <3.
Omg what a gorgeous dog, golden retrievers are so special...
Reminds me of my dog with his puppy bed that he quickly outgrew. He was 70lbs trying to get comfortable on something the size of a throw pillow.
When i ask my mom for a pair of shoes but instead she buys me a pair of socks.
r/dwasbpeif
"It aint much but isa all I got."
Yep it has wish sizing on it, I got medium dog Jersey, too small for my Yorkshire terrier, r/yorkies
So cute that dogs a real G
Pretending?

He genuinely loves that thing.
It is way more bed than he had before, and it was a gift from you! All good!
She bought the dog an oven mit... so even if she bought a full size "bed" it'd still just be a big oven mit
He looks like two different dogs in the different pictures
nice
Golden retrievers are bred to be “cool with it.”
No no, everything is fine, Karen. It's a perfect fit.
The floor is too cold but now i need a pillow decisions decisions
My doggo will seek out anything to lie on, almost obsessively.  He'll be already lying on my bed, I'll set my jeans down on the bed and without fail he'll get up, move to the jeans and lie back down.  Without fail he'll find clothes, papers, sometimes even his bed.
Goodest boy!
This reminds me of the little boy who gets an avocado for Christmas.
Good boy.
I guess this is just my life now
Like great aunt Mary Bruno, every year at Christmas, always an ugly shirt/sweater and whenever we visted her the 3 or 4 times during the year my mother would make us wear them. 

I was the only one among my brother and sisters who didn't complain. As I matter of fact I enjoyed it as I saw how happy it made her. 

My p.o.s. bully brother would shed that shirt as soon as we got in the car... riding home in his guinea t-shirt, or Italian smoking jacket as my Irish uncle would call it when bustin shoes on uncle Sal and uncle Vinny when they would sit around after dinner in their undershirts
This reminds me of my sister. 2 weeks ago she ordered a 60 dollar couch. Or so she thought. My brother stayed home to let the guys in to out it together. A postal worker came to the door with a tiny box. 




She ordered a couch cover. For 60 dollars. My mother called me laughing hysterically. Lol
We don’t deserve dogs
Dog is such a bro, even when you make a mistake with the gift he tries to cheer you up by showing you how he can still use it.
This reminds me of the video of the kid opening up an avocado as a Christmas gift .
Cause dogs are better than everyone and everything.
Chonky boi
I wonder if dogs ever hit the intelligence benchmark or recognizing their own change in size? I remember this being a test done on toddlers and below a certain age children woukdnt seem to recognize that a toy they had previously fit on/in was now to small for them.

-edit- 
I'm referring to "scale errors." This article has some awesome info about different tests used to observe this phenomenon (https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5440577/)

Here's a video https://youtu.be/OtngSHtz-cc
Such a good boi
For the team!
Surprised I’ve yet to see a repost comment
Warms my cold dead heart
Oooooh I see
That's exactly what my dog would do. "I can make this work.... I *will* make this work.... This is fine"
Cosmic boi https://imgur.com/gallery/GOgiy3I
This is me when I get a gift I dont want but dont want to upset them
That’s a mighty good dog!🥰
Thank you mom
Good Sport Pup!
No seriously jannet. J love my new dog pillow. Please stop daydrinking redwine everything is fine.
Every up vote is  for a new bed  :3
Haha, this is so sweet! That’s one very good boy!
We bought one of those as a pillow for our old pup, when we saw her using cushions that fell off the sofa as pillows (she was pretty big.)

New guy just wants to chew the thing.
This is how my cat reacts when I accidentally drop trash on the floor. He acts as if it's the best toy in the universe. He howled for nearly 30 minutes when my hair tie slid under the fridge.
I went to go upvote this but then i accidently hit the reddit icon so it took me to the top of my home screen but for some reason it didnt refresh. So then I scrolled all the way back down to get back to this post. Here take this ⬆
He's wonderful
he’s posing like mom told him “go make a sad face for these review photos and i’ll make it right”
This is fine
Poor baby. Did mommy forget how you look when you stretch out. LOL I just saw another post. Sorry for your loss. You can always donate the bed to your local shelter, I know they would appreciate it.
[someone made this into a meme!](https://www.reddit.com/r/wholesomememes/comments/ex09hp/appreciate_the_little_things/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
Somewhere out there is a very small dog lost in a great big bed ...
I will beat you up by punching you
Wow! You got this tiny piece of something for ME???!!! Thank you!!!!!!!!! I love it!
It's fine Karen, I love it....really.
Good boy didn't want to hurt her feelings.
When you pretend to like the gift you were given so everyone is happy
Dog bed? More like a bathroom matt.
Now that’s one grateful dog! My dog still prefers to lay on the damn ground even though I bought her two different beds 🤣
that's a dog bed? looks like a cushion for a piping hot casserole dish. 😅
Aww that's so sad, that poor accommodating pup
That's real love. Puppers knows owner made a mistake but loves their gift anyways.
That’s a bath mat
You sure that's not a bath mat?
This golden is very obese. Omg
I think I have this bathmat in powder blue.
That looks like a bath mat
Cat bed?
u/title2imagebot
But deep down doggo knows that the time has come to let go off the owner.
That's a shower mat...100%
That's not a dog bed, that's a bath mat. I have two of that exact one.
This is a back seat car mat.
That’s not a dog bed lol that’s a floor mat for the shower. I ordered one off wish and it ended up being that small.
Deadass did this too. Ordered what I thought was a 30" x 20" dog bed. It arrived and it was cm. My dog uses it as a cushion in his new bed
Fold it length ways with some cotton or foam in the fold, sew along the fold so it stays shut.

do this and instead of a mediocre dog blanket, you have a functional pupper pillow.
That’s just a bathmat. You know that, right?
what is that a dance studio with a fireplace? get a rug
the last time this was posted, this was the dogs puppy bed it never figuratively outgrew.
Dude, this is like 10 years old
Looks like a drying mat
Rip
That doesn't even look like a dog bed. It looks like a bath mat.
Thats what you get for buying your dog a mat to sleep on and not a real big comfy dog bed
Is this dog obese or does it just look that way?
Oh it is. It’s so cuddly though.
Looks more like a bathmat, but it's the internet so I'll just believe the title.
the dogs looks like he dying inside
Looks like the pad under my dish rack...
[deleted]
Not YOUR bed! It’s so fluffy!
This isn't even a dog bed for a small dog. It's a floor mat for a bathroom.
That's a bath mat...
that is the face of a dog that just had a floor mat shoved under their head while they were asleep
That looks like a bath mat.
That is a bathroom mat you nitwit
wow
Wife's never wrong nor mistaken, even the dog knows it.
Thanks, I hate it!
Dog beds look an awful lot like rugs now-a-days
That dog isn't pretending.
My dyslexia read it as “woman accidentally overdosed tiny dog.....”
Sweet!  Can you return bed?😊
This is so sweet. I'm so upset the dog has died.
This doesn't look like a dog bed it looks like a memory foam bath mat. I have one that looks almost identical but blue.
u/titletoimagebot
that is too sweet how the dog uses it as a pillow
haha that's like my gf pretending my dick is big enough lmao
"Is okay hoomin, we all mak mistakez."
Good boi 💖
Maybe that dog was just raised by cats
I love this sweet doggo!
This picture is as old as the internet itself
Good boi
Dog pretends or woman pretends?
Pupper is like: "Its ok fren! I like it!"
Judgement stare pic on the right side 😅
bestest boi
That’s not even a small dog bed, that’s a drying mat or floor mat
Definitely not a dog bed, I have the same microfiber bath mats
It’s definitely a bath mat or other small floor mat. 

My SIL doesn’t allow animals on the furniture or in bedrooms, which is totally fine. Her place, her rules. When she had moved into a new place, she had hardwoods and absolutely zero area rugs or anything soft that was approved for my dog—except for a mat about this size in the picture in front of her kitchen sink. 

So we went to visit her and poor pup couldn’t be on the couch with the peoples and so he laid down in the only place comfortable enough. The kitchen mat.
that is literally a bathroom mat. How the hell did she think it was a dog bed
All cuteness aside, rather than letting the dog use it, couldn't she return the item as soon as she discovered mistake and get proper size? I'm sure she could get a refund/credit from where ever she ordered from
It probably thinks it did something bad and is being punished.
Woman.
That’s not a dog bed wtf are you on OP?
مساء الخير
What did we do to deserve dogs?
That reminds me of [this](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ) dog
!repostbot
r/repostsleuthbot
repostttt
When this has been reposted seventeen times no one cares
This is a repost
Congratulations. Apparently ,,Woman" is dumb as fuck.
