Dog, "Thanks for taking the blame for pooping on the rug.".
Dog: (glaring at Mom) I can't believe you've done this.
Mom: "Don't reward him!"

Dog: "Can't understand, am dog."
This could be a Norman Rockwell painting.
My grandson did this once too when his sister was in timeout. He sat down next to her even though he didn't do anything wrong. I probably needed the time out lol
I so want to get a dog for our family but our work hours are so long that I don't want to do it to the dog. But I firmly believe that every child needs an awesome friend like that.
My kids used to get sent to their rooms when I couldn't listen to them bicker anymore.   Invariably they would sneak into each other's rooms to talk or play.   If they didn't fight, I would ignore them.  If they went for round two, things could get ugly.
The “put your nose in the corner of the wall” was the most brutal of my moms arsenal. I would take a spanking or grounding over this any day. Standing there, still, as a 6-10 year old was brutal.
Lol the dog looks like he got in trouble too
Aww! Our terrier did something similar not long after we got her. Youngest was 4 when we rescued her right off the street—she was found living around the trash bins of a gas station in the middle of nowhere. At first, she was terrified of evvvvvverything and youngest’s high energy preschool boy ways spooked her. 

Early in her days transitioning in her new home, youngest was sent to time out and he was screaming and sobbing the injustice of it all. When he suddenly fell silent, I peeked around the corner and saw the dog curled up in his lap. Melted the heart, it did.
 You never leave a man behind
A good boi reassuring boy that he's still a good boy.
A good friend will bail you out of jail at 2 in the morning.

A great friend is the person sitting next to you saying "dude I think we fucked up."
I send my 5 year old to the stairs for time-out.

And immediately the cat follows.
Family therapist and dad here: remember that the function of a time-out is to help a child calm down and self-regulate (having a dog to help do it is awesome!), and not for punishment. I would say the exception to this is if the child commits an egregious *crime* such as walking into a busy street unassisted or hitting someone (probably less than 2% of infractions). 

Here's where I might, uh, will get crap for critiquing OP: Sticking a child with their face against a wall or in a corner will unfortunately create shame and increase a child's level of distress or disregulation thus being counterproductive. Though it does keep therapists (AKA me!) in business when the child gets older, it's not great as a parenting strategy. 

Instead, when the child acts out, immediately call for a time-out (in our household we call them a "calm down"), calmly indicate a location for the time-out, gently let them know they can choose to get there by their own power or with your help (if they don't do it immediately say "it will be waiting for you when you're ready"), then let them know they can be finished once they've taken several deep breaths and the child as well as the adult deem them to be reasonably calm. Don't lecture or power struggle. After they are done say, "Remember to listen to me the first time" or whatever and lovingly send the on their way. 

Key: keep it short, do it calmly and with love. Got get 'em fellow parents and caretakers <3
*I will sit here until you’re better.*
My gf has been trying to convince me of how great Reddit is... Now I understand
Dog "I'll look at Mommy so she feels guilty"
How adorable!
You could see the look of resentment in the dogs eyes, "How dare the hoomans do this to you!"
I am imagining Sam Elliot voicing the dog, giving the kid comforting words of how it'll all be okay.
/r/accidentalrockwell
Kid: I'm in time out.

Dog: No, buddy.  WE'RE in time out.
His ride-or-die dog
Best bud ever!
Mastiffs are awesome. I miss mine a lot :(.
If he does time, I do time
Mastiffs are the best fucking dogs ever. I’ve had two.
English Mastiffs can be some of the sweetest dogs. I love my parents' mastiffs! They just don't live long enough for me to justify dropping $1000 on one.
Awww. Love it
Awww what is he do..
Awesome Pawsom
His ride-or-die dog
Man's best friend.  And boy's too.
This might as well be a modern Rockwell painting lol..
Bad gas travels fast in a small town, bud.
That looks like a modern day Rockwell painting
Our Labrador is the same way....but we won't let him sit in time out with our little one. Breaks my heart but it is time out for a reason
[deleted]
That’s a Norman Rockwell painting
Can confirm, this shit was humiliating, alienating, and completely ineffective.
Reminds me of Charles Burton Barber painting called In disgrace.
This is how to be a lot of the same thing I don't know
This sounds like the cold open to a Letterkenny episode.
There's no better buddy to share the time.
Time out next to the stairs or is that a step down... Weird perspective
If that dog could talk it probably sounds like optimus prime
r/AccidentalNomanRockwell
I don't think timeouts are supposed to work like that haha
And that’s why dogs are the best.
Ride or die mah nibba, ride or die.
We ride together, we die together.

Bad boys for life~
Funny part is you don’t know who is in timeout
The dog looks so sad for his little guy. <3
That's some Norman Rockwell shit right there.
Looks like they're both in time out
this is why Mastiffs are the best
Why is the dog in time out? /s
My grandmother has a painting of a similar image, except instead of a boy, it's a girl and the dog is a different breed, and its painted like it looks like its from the 17th century, deja vu! No idea who painted it, or how old it is, but it's an image that always sticks in my mind for the yearning for my childhood back that it brings whenever i remember it

[EDIT - FOUND IT](https://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=https%3A%2F%2Fi.pinimg.com%2Foriginals%2F98%2Fbe%2F48%2F98be4815f544f07186a3f0b91d56b371.jpg&imgrefurl=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.pinterest.com%2Fpin%2F392446555002429444%2F&tbnid=MJ4AMP61FGPbeM&vet=12ahUKEwj2iZqG5a7nAhUHNK0KHe_HDRAQMygBegUIARDbAQ..i&docid=3L2twUQ4yhr-XM&w=800&h=600&q=girl%20crying%20room%2C%20dog%2C%20painting&ved=2ahUKEwj2iZqG5a7nAhUHNK0KHe_HDRAQMygBegUIARDbAQ)
This could be a pic of my 5 yr. old great nephew Jeff with his 10 year old bulldog, Stella. She's his best bud.
Dog probably heard him getting yelled at and came for emotional support <3
Whoever gave that poor child that haircut should be in the corner with him
This is so precious. I’m leaking
Accidental rockwell.
This is the sweetest thing EVER!
Omg that's too adorable! Through thick and thin!
He loves him!!!
This is a modern Norman Rockwell right here.
Growing up we had a Newfoundland, and me and a friend decided to see how protective she would be if we faked him attacking me in the back yard. My girl leaped off our back deck and barreled into my friend mid air in the chest to take him to the ground. We didn’t play that game anymore after that
Cause that's where the pets are at
Which one is in time out and which is the best bud?🙃
r/accidentallyrockwell
What breed of pupper is that?
Dogs are too good
Accidental Rockwell
I had a german shepherd named max as a kid that loved me and my twin and tolerated my parents. The the whole time we had he we never got spanked because he'd block us and growl. He walked us to the bus stop every morning and was there when we got off the bus every afternoon no matter what my parent did to try to stop him fences, chains etc. He was such a great dog.
This is the sweetest thing I have ever seen. So indicative of a Mastiff!
I think I will die from so much sweetness
Being captured by the Blair Witch need not be lonely.
Precious
Looks like a Norman Rockwell painting! Precious.
Crazy how time-outs apparently are a normal thing in many homes.
Just like apparently a lot of Americans still discipline their children with corporal punishment. 

"In most cases, the primary experience a time out offers a child is isolation. Even when presented in a patient and loving manner, time outs teach them that when they make a mistake, or when they are having a hard time, they will be forced to be by themselves — a lesson that is often experienced, particularly by young children, as rejection"
This looks like a Norman Rockwell painting.
This wins the internet. The caption was perfect. I can't stop laughing
If we all had a friend like this, the world would be a better place. So sweet.
Seems not the right way to discipline a small child..
He looks pretty guilty himself.
Dogs are great.
A cat will likely mock you or command you to serve it.
Family therapist and dad here: remember that the function of a time-out is to help a child calm down and self-regulate (having a dog to help do it is awesome!), and not for punishment. I would say the exception to this is if the child commits an egregious *crime* such as walking into a busy street unassisted or hitting someone (probably less than 2% of infractions). 

Here's where I might, uh, will get crap for critiquing OP: Sticking a child with their face against a wall or in a corner will unfortunately create shame and increase a child's level of distress or disregulation thus being counterproductive. Though it does keep therapists (AKA me!) in business when the child gets older, it's not great as a parenting strategy. 

Instead, when the child acts out, immediately call for a time-out (in our household we call them a "calm down"), calmly indicate a location for the time-out, gently let them know they can choose to get there by their own power or with your help (if they don't do it immediately say "it will be waiting for you when you're ready"), then let them know they can be finished once they've taken several deep breaths and the child as well as the adult deem them to be reasonably calm. Don't lecture or power struggle. After they are done say, "Remember to listen to me the first time" or whatever and lovingly send the on their way. 

Key: keep it short, do it calmly and with love. Got get 'em fellow parents and caretakers <3
Who puts their kid in time out looking at the wall anymore? What is it 1954?
I don't think this is cute. Punishing a child by making them stand with their head against a wall is so... draconian. It's 2020 people... there are better, healthier, and more effective ways to discipline your children.
So many people thinking they know how to parent better than the next lol. Your kid breaks a rule or doesn’t listen to “mommy” AKA “the law” and they’ll be staring at 3 walls and a wall of bars. Police aren’t going to sit them down and talk to them about what they did wrong. How about if you don’t like this punishment you keep your comments to yourself and enjoy the cuteness god dammit
What the fuck is this, the Blair witch project or something. For fucks sake learn how to parent
It okay, friend. I here.
Who puts their children in a time out faced against the wall still, the fuck
What breed is that? Italian Mastiff?
*lean on me...*
dawgs for life
ugh my heart
Aw, bless.  This is adorable.
Good boi
"I know that feel"
It looks just like my Saint Bermastiff Zoe!
This is making my lunch taste better.
Why does this look like a painting?
Do the time, don't let the time do you
Trying to help the little guy be the Best Boi
This looks like it came straight out of Milo and Otis. So cute
Dog: "Damn the man."
Are you talking about the dog or the kid? 😬
This boy is innocent! I wrote on the walls. Let billy go!
I mistook this for a Norman Rockwell painting
Aww the dogs in timeout and the kid went over to be with him
Aww so cute
Ha ha
/r/accidentalrenaissance
This is just like my nephew and his canine bestie. It's beautiful to see them together.
Epic mood
Oh FFS. You win you can come out of time out Danny - Mom (probably)
Everyone sees this as a supportive and loving dog but I have golden retrievers so I view that as the dog being like well now that you can’t go anywhere pet me...... and never stop
" A friend will come and bail you out of jail, a true friend will be sitting next to you saying damn we fucked up" laura bush
[This one](https://youtu.be/w8_HsMQ_AQw?t=14) goes out to all the parents who have little kids, and those whose kids are grown :)
"Don't worry, fren, we'll be out of the big house soon!"
You always need a ride or die road dog.
NO ONE PUTS MY BABY IN A CORNER
This photo could be a Norman Rockwell painting. Just adorable. Somebody paint dis pleeeease!!
That's the naughty step it's much more powerful
Dog: "You gonna eat yo cornbread?"
Awee
That is so kind.. I want to have a dog now
Awwww x 1000
That belongs on the cover of The Saturday Evening Post.
English Mastiffs are the sweetest, most gentle pups around
My muthafuckin P.I.C!
Like thanks scoobs
THAT'S A GOOD BOY!! ❤️
maybe.
Ty dog
Or you”best bud” is actually a covert ops agent employed by your oppressive regime to make sure you can’t escape from your time out
This is a Norman Rockwell painting waiting to happen
This has a very Norman Rockwell quality to it.
Cute
Sure the dog will die later on in life but the dedication is with certain animals
what the fuck is time out
Horses are so loyle.
Wayne in timeout, Age 8...
What did he do?
Omggg
As a mastiff owner, this hits me in the feels.
A true homie
The sweetest picture ever
That's too precious!
Mastiffs are the absolute BEST!!!
So basically Bobby Shmurda
This photo belongs on the cover of The Saturday Evening Post.
Cute
Helping out his friend.
If you can't do the time, get a dog
This one hit me
Awww
Doggy Shmurda
Is this a painting or a photo?
That's so adorable.
Truly sweet ♥️
Hell no! He got right down there in the muck with him!
Too cute!
Ride or die homies
Free the timed out two!
Dogs never let you down.  They love you even if you're in a corner.  Sweet.
Thats so sweet.
Awwww
That's so cute
Cute as fuck !!!
My aunt has a little figurine of almost exactly this! It’s a little boy standing with his nose in the corner, with his puppy beside him.  Little me just thought he was playing hide and seek. 

I have no idea where it is from or why she has it, tbh. She didn’t have children until she and my uncle took me in, but she already had owned it for at least a decade by that point.

It’s really kind of weird now that I’m thinking about it...
The dog is like Michael from Prison Break
That's great
I really think it’s the only time his boy is not moving. Doggo’s taking advantage of the down time. He really loves this kid.
That's the sweetest thing ever.they really ARE our best buds.
That's what best buds are for❣
K9 > 69
"Tough break bro, don't worry though we ain't gon' be here forever"
A true ride or die homie.
SOLIDARITY
r/animalsbeingbros
A very good boy
This could be a Norman Rockwell painting.

ETA: Just learned this exists r/accidentalrockwell E2 and it’s posted there
What kind of dog is that? I have a stray and he looks just like him
This is Norman Rockwell type of stuff.  Only if I had the artistic talent to paint like him.  Can anyone here paint or draw this picture Norman Rockwell style?
Was a rigged jury any way...
As an only child, my dog was like a brother to me growing up. Whenever I had a problem with anything I’d just go lay and talk to him. Not gonna lie this post fucked me up, I miss that dog. Dogs are truly mans best friend.
Relateable.
Partner in crime
This looks like a Norman Rockwell painting
this could be a norman rockwell
Even tiny human. Dog knows hes upset. Wants to comfort
Am I the only one that is nervous he moves slightly to the right and he eats a few stairs?!
Wonderful  comfort
I want a dog for my kid  so bad. I’ve had a rescues my whole life, but it’s been about three years since they passed.  and i don’t miss the work a dog requires. 

how do I get over not wanting to take them out in the freezing cold morning when it’s drizzling, and having to pay for them to go somewhere when I go on vacation. Those are my two biggest hangups.
Nice doggy
This should be a Norman Rockwell painting.
This is so sweet!! Dogs can really sense when you’re having a rough time
Looks to me like the kids about to DDT the dog off that step.
Down ass bitch. Ja rule would be proud.
I never gave my daughter a time out (or any other type of punishment). I'm not sure if that's a good or bad thing. Like is she just a really good kid or am I parenting wrong?
This picture is cute. 😀
Every dog is a service dog
Hmm
awwwww
“A Special Pleader” Part II
Anyone else see r/accidentalrenaissance here?
❤️
Good boy and bad boy
Everybody liked that
It's like that joke goes: "True friends would never bail you out of jail, because a true friend would be in jail right along side you".
Awe, doggo thinks his buddy is sad and needs him.
This is very Norman Rockwell-esque. There’s an artistic quality to this picture, and it’s very cute!
Who's in timeout, the kid or the dog?
We're in this together boy
That is a good boi
Glad people still give their kids time outs! 

Also, such a good boi! Yes, yes, yes! Such and good, good boi!!!!
The dog is definitely hungry!
Omg this is the most adorable, sweet/sad/cute thing I've ever seen...there needs to be a word for this greatness. Dogs are just so pure :)
I could see this as a Norman Rockwell painting.
Total true love and devotion....💞💞💞💞💞
This reminds me of the Norman rockwell paintings.. Idk why. I could just see it.
Truly mans best friend
Awww, my Bullmastiff always sat like that. Miss that goofball.
I had to face the wall with my arms out sideways and books on my hands for an hour. All because I ate a brownie from a plate on the kitchen counter. The brownie was good though.
Always and forever...best friends.🤗
>best bud

You misspelled "partner in crime"
Awwwww 😭
Hang tough buddy!
So sweet I got the Di-a-beetus
Oh man, my feelz.
I feel like the dog is shaming the parents, like hasn't he been through *enough*?
That's loyalty
Rowdy rebel and Bobby shmurda, is that you?
The doggies face just screams "how could u?!" at the parents i assume
Whos in time out? 

I could see my kid sitting with my dog.
Love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If only we could find friends so totally loyal and true in our relationship's of the humankind..
Is this your photo you took?
“What are u in for”
Who still makes their kid face a fucking wall? Why don’t you just box his ears?
What kind of dick takes this photo??? Then posts it????
Precious pic ! Great timeout Mom, looks like the doggy is calming him down! So sweet!
This is an adorable photo
Time outs are bad for a kid's emotional development and should never be used. It's helpful for the adult who can't keep calm, not so much the kid
That is brilliant!
U/zia1997
u/zia1997
Dogs are friends for life. Believe me when I say that. Their loyalty is something else.
l know dogs and this dog is looking for someone to give him pets and saw his little human wasn't on his iPad watching/playing games so came for the opportunity for pats.
I'm levin the European Union tonight bois
So sweet.
And now I'm crying. I spent months in time out, literally. If I had this big boi at my back? I wouldn't have turned out such a jerk.
Way to add insult to injury. First you shames and isolate  your child by having them put their face into the wall and then you post it on Reddit. 

Have fun dealing with the emotional disaster you are creating except it will be everyone else around them dealing with it.
What a horrible way to treat a child :(
TIL that a lot of “adults” apparently are still not over being put in time-out when they were kids and feel compelled to share their pain with Reddit. But hey, it’s free entertainment.
Aww lets punish our children but at the same time post it online to show them a true example
I would never ever give my child a “time out” like that?! Is this 1858? Tf
The only thing I'm "aww"ing at in this picture is the feckless mouth breathers who are so adorably naive they think this is an effective way to punish their child. Americans, presumably.
Time out is better spent talking through the situation. Time out is time to reflect on being bad. Talking through a situation is a chance to understand why your child acted a certain way and a chance to instill better values and make then understand that they're not bad but there actions haven't been acceptable. 

It makes me really sad to see a child on time out. Don't punish, educate. 

The dog understands more than the parent here.
This is absolutely adorable. You can feel the love flowing both ways between these two. What a good dog.
So much terrible parenting advice in this thread. I really hope all of you are a bunch of Monday morning quarterbacks and don't actually have any kids.
Aww, trauma bonding is so damned cute.
Dog being a better, more humane parent, than the parents.
If you are putting your kid in timeout, you are doing something wrong as a parent.
Kids shouldn't be punished for the lackluster job of their parents. If all you can think of, of doing to make your kid "obey", is to make him put his face against the wall; you're too damaged by the lack of affection from your own upbringing to be allowed to bring up kids, yourself. You can't punish kids straight; all you're doing is raising a kid who will grow up to be exactly as intolerant as yourself.
Time-out? Wtf are we living in 1980's still?
[deleted]
When your dog is a better parent than you are
That's darling.
Instinctively watching his owners back. Dogs > people.
I like dogs. Do you like dogs? Dogs go woof woof and are cuddly. I like to cuddle dogs too. My dog is a good dog. He goes woof woof when we play. I like to give him belly rubs because he's a good boy, yeah he's a good boy. Big belly rubs make his leg twitch, he loves a belly rub. 

Do you run your dogs belly? Mine has a belly. I like my dogs belly.
Damn this dog’s resemblance to [mine](https://i.imgur.com/7ndn9xU.jpg) is uncanny.
timeouts are discredited. There are much better ways of dealing with children.
Why is he in time out if its not to personal.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
My nextdoor neighbor growing up was a true ride or die best friend. He would always agree to help me with my chores and I would split my allowance w him. He would even do it if I didn't offer, but that's fucked up. 

His dad was a SF Sargent and retired in 94. My dad hired him and he stayed with us until my uncle was a monster and went on a firing rampage one day. Because of how badly punished his body by being a special forces badass for 20 years, Harold, my neighbor's dad, walked with a real bad hunch and was pretty slow. 

Once the physical part of the job became too much, we let him clean and find, clean and then organize all of the screws , nuts and bolts and other stuff we use. 

my father founded the business when I was born in the mid-80s, but retired when my mother was diagnosed with cancer in 01. He appointed my uncle to run it after my brother, my dad's first choice to run the business, turned it down initially and was killed find a drunk driver before he had time to reconsider. My uncle is real nice outside of work, but he let the idea of being a boss go to his head. He ran the business into the ground hardcore.

One day, my uncle was in a terrible mood and snapped over something stupid and fired a couple long-term (over 10-year ) employees over such things as "talking back" when he told them to start building product after he just fired the guy who did it previously. When they asked what product he wanted, he fired them.
[removed]
I hope he's not taking Time-out at the top of the stairs.
Jeezus that's a big dog.... one bite and those parents will be buying a coffin instead putting the kiddo in time out.  Why do people insist on having monsters of this size in their home with their babies??  Oh wait, he's probably their "fur baby", give me a break..
Dog: "Thanks for taking the blame of eating the shoes."
Kid: "Thanks for taking my virginity."
