Someone needs to tweak this photo to add costumes for grampa and the archer.
It’s the fellowship of the backyard tire swing
Good grandparents are such an amazing gift. Have fun!
I adore everything about this. Even the bad ass bowman who joined in the adventure. You have a magical family!!
I would also like to go on this treasure hunt
[deleted]
On your way to the city you meet a dwarf templar and an emo bowman. They are guided by Hodor, who points towards your party with an angry expression. They are preparing to fight. What do you do?
My wife made some extra treasure hunts (complete with buried treasure) for both our kids when they were young.

My daughter found a map in a bottle, navigated to an island about half an hour away, found a hint under a rock, and finally a metal box filled with chocolate coins. No questions were asked about how the chocolate was not rotten.

My son found a map on a rock, we had to canoe to an island we found the previous day, where he found another map (complete with an X) mysteriously stuck onto a tree, and had to dig out a treasure box on a small beach, that contained a stuffy. His first reaction after opening the box? 

Ewww! The way the stuffy was stuffed into the box made it look like a dead animal. We still laugh about it.
My FIL had a military career that brought him to some of the most brutal places in the world, seen shit no one should have to see. Made him a hard man.

But his grandkids, he turns to absolute mush. Will go along with whatever imaginary game they want to play, crazy dances in public. Never one to turn down an imaginary cell phone call or tea party. 

He will tell you, his greatest moments are spent with his grandkids.
My lola ('grandmother' in Filipino) would do this too when we were kids. But she would say that the engkanto ('magical spirits') were hiding the treasure. She said they will only reveal the treasure to us if a part of the house was clean and if the floor was always shiny. As kids, my sister and I always end up cleaning. 

We got shiny coins in return, on top of baked goods. :D
I am loving the supportive goth archer. This is what family is about. :)
This is the kind of dad/grand dad I want to be
Ah yes, the escort NPC that walks faster than you walk, but runs slower than you run: Grandpa.
One Grandpa to rule them all,  
One Grandpa to find them,  

One Grandpa to bring them all,  
and in the brightness bind them.
When I was about four or five, my friend and I had just seen the Goonies and we were really into pirate treasure maps. We were at the beach one weekend, drawing a treasure map with red crayon. My dad said he had to go run some errands. About an hour later he came back and asked to see our map. He read it over and said that he knew were the treasure might be. So he loaded us into his truck and took us down to the beach. We walked around for a bit, looking at the clues on the map. Once we “arrived” at the X on the map, my dad started digging. He pulled up a treasure chest full of pirates treasure. In reality it was a plastic box filled with toys and candy that my dad had bought and buried when he said he was running errands.
There was magic there
This is weird but ... would you hug your dad for me? The man who was my father would never have done something like this for me or my sons, and it just makes me so happy for all of you that your dad did.
The family that quests together...is best together
Lawful paladin making a duo with a chaotic ranger to help the tavern keeper on a magic quest, do you want d&d addiction? Because that's how you get d&d addiction

PS: y'all are so cute, and that's a 10/10 grandparenting
My Grandad used to do this for us except it was buried pirate treasure, he would scout local Church graveyards for pirate graves to hide the treasure by had he would teach us history as he did it. He used to take us on walks past a secret sweetie tree too - never seen a tree grow smarties since. He was the best. I am 32 and my Grandad passed when I was 11, these memories will mean so much to your son.
I'm glad they brought the chaotic evil archer on the campaign with them. Sometimes you need a badass in the party.
Super cool grandpa!💙
I'll be 32 in March and I want nothing more than for someome to do this for me.
This might get buried but when I was a very young child my grandparents used to go out and mark rocks along the highway (very rural area) with “X”s, hide money under the rocks and then draw me treasure maps. The next day we would drive along the route of the map and I would hunt for the treasure they had buried the previous day. I love them so much
Grandpop of the year. But emo legolas is not to be taken lightly.
Your Son: “Do you know a wizard that can tell me where to find a magic treasure?”

Your Dad: “Well, of course i know him. He’s me.”
Tremendous.

What were the treasures he hid?
He sounds like an amazing grandfather! I’m jealous
Whole lot of wholesomeness in this pic!!
Grandpa took his grandson on a truly epic adventure.
I grew up on quite a bit of property and my brothers and I often banded up as "the fellowship" and hunted orcs and treasures with our stick swords and bows. Amazing memories are in the making here:)
And thus the Legend of Sir Carhartt was born
This is incredible. Were your dad's parents Paul Giamatti and Zap Rowsdower?
r/photoshopbattles
"...and right there is where mosquitoes are born"
\*sits near them with party invite flag up\*

I can heal \*holds up box of bandaids and a squirt bottle of powerade\*
This picture is so epic! Holt shit.
Wow. It appears that your Dad is a fucking legend!
[deleted]
Little does he know grandpa IS the wizard
Ah the Paladin, the Rogue, and the bard all set out on a quest, tale as old as time.
My grandfather used to take me “on safari”.  I realize now it was the gutter like aqueduct by their house.  But it was a wild adventure back then!  I swear I remember seeing tigers and peacocks.  Now I realize it was just cats, and the weird neighbors with peacocks.
I see you have a pretty standard adventuring party here; the young and dumb fighter, the edgy rogue, an old wizard and a cleric hiding behind everyone! Hope the adventure went well!
Im a fan of emo legolas back there lightening the mood.
Because that's what heroes do.
I like how the other two are geared up and ready for action and Grandpa just has a hand in his pocket like "yep this way"
This is a genuinely wonderful picture! I feel like r/AccidentalRenaissance would love this.
I've done this for my boys on every birthday for over a decade and they still love it. As they get older I've changed it up. For example they had to complete 10 out of 13 elaborate "dares" at a water park last summer. (Had the power of veto on 3 dares). After completion of dares they got their only clue which led them to a wrist bracelet that unlocked a locker w their treasure inside! Some dares were really out there and involved them interacting with others at the park. SO FUN. My oldest is nearly grown but he still had a blast recently w the latest annual hunt. Very precious memories being made with these boys and their father. Love it.
Love how his sibling(I am only guessing) went with them and even grabbed a bow to play along. Just fantastic
My dad did that once for my nephews. He invented a character that's the ghost of the property that left clues on the parents' smartphone. Now everytime they come they ask news of the ghost (which they totally understood was fictional but they just enjoy continuous storylines)
[Me, 35 years ago](https://i.imgur.com/NH6shQN.jpg). Welcome to the fellowship.
What a fucking great grandpa. 

My grandpa taught me to paint and his water tasted terrible (lived in central Florida in the 80s and 90s without a filter so sulfer) and he would give me monologues to read to tire me out but it taught me how to act and not have stage fright and he taught me how to play shuffleboard and would bet on me because I was good and I wasn't there when he died because I had "sorority recruitment" and had just seem him a few months before and I kick myself all the time for not being there but he had degraded so much in that time at least I have really good memories of him. 

Thank you for posting this. Didn't realize I had this stuff to get past.
So cool that your dad is a wizard!
Granddad does look a bit like a young Hagrid.
Wizard of Aww's

I'll see myself out
Grand dad if the year!
Love this.
This was so cute .... I’m jealous
Love moments like this! Enjoy every minute of it!
You have a great dad.
Epic adventure! Epic Grandfather! He has my vote on Grandfather of the year and I don't even know him. I love this so much. You can tell him he made my day and year,a much much better.
My grandpa use to take us lion hunting in our wheat fields, and would tell us stories about how when he was younger he use to fight pirates and fell in a deep cave that led to a lost world of dinosaurs.
Grandpa's got the badass Jotaro vs Dio pose going on perfectly.
my parents did a similar thing for me on my 6th birthday! pirate treasure map and hunt in the woods behind my house to find the buried treasure! loved it
Magic is totally usual during childhood. Afterwards, most of us, we learn to belive in other kind of lies. May God bless your family. Your father is a gift of the Heaven itself.🤗
My dad asks us to leave his house because we’re interrupting his baseball games. He asks nicely..
And your kid will remember that for the rest of his life. Some of my fondest memories of spending time with my grandparents.
Fuck yea man. I did this last summer with my son and buried some loose change, shells, and cool rocks in a little bag in my back yard after making a map for him to find. He thought it was awesome. I plan on doing more of this
if you can get your edgy tweens to participate, you’re doing it right
The edgy rogue posing steals the show.
That’s exactly what a grandparent is supposed to do. Create a world for his grandkids to explore. 

I can’t wait to do this for my son and daughters kids!
There’s magic here that my countless trips to Disney as a kid could never fulfill.
Love the props!
This guy mastered the art of parenting
Your dad is the COOLEST GRANDPA ever
This seems like the beginning of a D&D campaign with new players. The paladin who is confused, the edgy rogue/ranger, and the knowledgeable DM.
Archer is rockin it.
I did this for my girls and nieces . Made treasure hunts with multiple clues.  At the end was always a large stash of candy.
OMG I'm over 30 years old, but I'm 90% sure I had that exact set of armor/helmet/shield!?!
And he looks like Paul Giamatti
So your dad is a wizard, who is in possession of magic treasures. 

I am on my way.
This makes me want to cry. Your Dad looks like the most beautiful person. And your son’s little face thingy half falling off is just too adorable
# D&D real life
*cue the Monty python holy grail quest music”
Glad to see even the goth sister got in on it. The live is strong with this family.
Is that a dark elf archer to the right
Ha I lived in the Chicago north shore burbs growing up so not really a magical property but we were right on the forest preserve. So for my eighth birthday party we had a scavenger hunt for the holy grail around the neighborhood and forest because I loved Indiana Jones. Knight stuff just like this. Takes me back.
Helm? Check!
Breast plate? Check! 
Sword? Check!
Shield? Check!
Map? Check! 
Puddle jumpers? CHECK!!
LETS GET TREASURES!!!!!
Take this to r/photoshopbattles, this could make some great content
I had that same plastic armor back in the early nineties, good shit. Gonna keep your boy safe on all his perilous future quests
At some point you must introduce the young paladin to D&D
I wish my dad did that. He’s dead. Lol
"There! The magic treasure is right over there."
I don't know him , but a great man
I cannot wait to have property like this do to random shit like this.
What a wonderful papa.
That’s the coolest thing ever!!!
This is wholesome af
This dad is a beast!
omg i love this. look at your lil baby finn
Dude I mean this is the best possible way, but this looks like Hagrid taking "the kids" on an adventure in another life. This is an amazing photo and I love it!!
Y’all look badass!
Here kid, plugs in the sega and starts up shining force 2.  Work here is done
So you're saying your dad is a wizard?
Love this. great father right there
I love this dad
I love that your Dad is dressed modern, it makes the photo more adventurous!
Your Dad is a true wizard badass. I hope it was an epic quest
Awesome..dad. the best thing you can do for a kid spent real and attentive time with them. Surprises are good for their brain development ! and still would be for adults.
You are a wizard, Harry.
*Edge Lord Legolas has entered the chat*
All the feels for this.  Your dad is an amazing man.   Thank him for all of us.
That is the walking dead foam katana. When toys r us closed I bought 4 of them for $10 each. It’s one of my better toy investments. Definitely got our moneys worth.
This would make a great RPG
I'm glad your emo daughter supports this quest! And your son is ADORABLE!!!!!
Needs a bard.
So. I joined /r/SilverBugs when my son was born. Began buying and collecting gold and silver coins. One of these days I am going to bury the silver and we are going to go treasure hunting after I have him "discover" a treasure map.

I'll use it as an opportunity to teach him some of my skillsets including problem solving, orienteering, cypher breaking, hiking, map reading, compass reading, history and some logic. Right now it's an idea on paper since he's so young, but in 4 years or so, I can't freaking wait.
Good to know they're still making the same exact "knight costume" set that my parents bought me in 1990
He already won the treasure
This is one of my favorite reddit posts. Thank you.
Ik it was for the youngest, but the teen-scene-archer makes the photo XD
Is your dad paul giamatti
I’m going to redraw this! I’ll let you know when I’m done!
And that's how you 'grandpa'! ❤️
Morty, Rick and Summer on their way to free a dragon in need
Feeling angsty, might Legolas later.
So cool that your dad is a wizard!
Because that's what Dads do. It definitely further inspires me to want to facilitate creativity in my son after he is born and gets a little older. This is a great example for new dads that just goes to show how important things like this are for ensuring that our children are rich with memories of a happy childhood. That is the greatest magical treasure of all.
Roll for adorableness
Granddad goals..
Now this is LARPing. The party just needs a healer/ mage and you're all set for a quest
There’s magic here that my countless trips to Disney as a kid could never fulfill.
This is gonna get buried but my grandad did something like this. On his way to work he would record a story on tape and if I listened closely there were clues to find treasure. Mostly a few singles hidden around the house. I’m 40 now and I’m tearing up thinking about this. Next year he’ll have been dead 20 years. I hope he knows how much those stories still mean to me.
Grandpa leading grandkids on treasure hunt. Living my dream.
This is so beautiful. Thank you for sharing.
Your dad's house looks as epic as he is. Reminds me of something along the lines of a viking meeting house or eleven tree house. I hope to be this cool when I become a grandpa.
Yo that rogue bringing up the rear is pretty badass!
Because that’s what heroes do
What a fuckin awesome grandpa can u clone him
Typically I'm super cynical and mean on this website but this is fucking awesome.
Your dad's a good guy. It looks like he's enjoying this as much as they are. Keep up the magic for the kids.
ohhhh  I want to go on the hunt too
This is absolutely beautiful. What a wonderful grandpa a d sister. Adorable little knight too.
Not sure who the archer is but kudos to them for going along with it and having fun.  That’s really cool.
When is your daughter's Marvel movie being released?
This is the photo for that kid’s senior yearbook. It’s perfectly sweet and embarrassing.
They're both gonna remember this moment forever!!😭💜💜💜💜💜💜 beautiful!!!
Good, I see you count a Dark Ranger among your ranks!
I fucking love that your angst incarnate teenage daughter is still willing to play with nerf bows with grandpa and her lil' bro.  Also if they ever make a charming family adventure film based solely on this photo your dad needs to be played by Paul Giamatti.
Lvl 1 paladin, lvl 10 half-orc warlock,  and a lvl 3 dark elf rouge.
Wow, I forgot I used to have a shield and sword just like that in like 1984.  I forgot it ever happened, but seeing that cross brings it back. I think the cross on mine was gold color though.  It was a shield and a hollow plastic sword.  

It's amazing the stuff hiding in my memories.  There is so much stuff I know, but I need to associate it with something to be able to remember it or it doesn't exist.
When I was little my Grandpa made a treasure map on a brown paper bag and burnt the edges up...he buried a *leather (typo) bag with a bunch of coins spray painted gold in it. Best memory of my childhood was digging that treasure up. I'm in my 30's now and it's all I want in life just to have a kid so I can make amazing childhood memories for them too. I hope I can be half the man my Grandpa was some day.
When your Grandchild trusts you enough to ask about a wizard, that's golden.  He knows you won't laugh at him, he knows he can be his true self.  Being his trusted person, that gift of unconditional love makes being a Grandparent the best thing ever.
This melted my cold blackened heart
[deleted]
The real winner today is the angsty rogue archer
This subreddit be bout animals, but it still cute and awesome
I love how the older kid is joining in, it must've felt so insanely magical for your littlest buddy. This is just filling up my whole heart, oh man
A day late, but this was such an awesome and wholesome pic I had to shop it. Cheers to many more adventures [https://imgur.com/a/nwwR8R1](https://imgur.com/a/nwwR8R1)
That is just great!
You’re dad is a real life Indiana Jones!
The look of a leader
This is melting my heart
I love this! You and your kids are lucky to have him in your lives, for sure.
What a great adventure.
This is beautiful OP
This gold silver fast
This makes me happy..... thank you
Olivia Queen
Best grandpa ever
Wish my family did this with me.... i think my family just hated me lol
Zelda and Link in 2020 form doing a side quest.
Your dad is a legend.
This is wonderful
Reading this made my day !
r/dndiy right there.
This makes my heart so happy
Awesome!
Awesomeness - and thanks for posting, I needed this type of feels!
Awesome Granddad!
This does put a smile on my face
Best grandpa right there!
Give ur son the gift of [Skyrim](https://elderscrolls.bethesda.net/en/skyrim).
Cool.
Best. Grandpa. Ever.
The Grand Father of the year award goes to:
I honestly thought this was David Harbour doing some stranger things thing.
If you don't talk to your kids about LARPing, who will?
Ahhhh the quest for treasure is a noble one!
This is everything that’s good about the world!
This is so wholesome and great! Thanks for sharing and making my day.
That’s so cool!!
This reminds me so much of my grandfather. When my brother and I were kids we had similar knight costumes to this and he would take us dragon hunting in their back yard. One time he e even got one of my uncles to hide in a big Bush and shake the branches and make dragon noises when we walked by. It was dope.
i smell a business idea. orienteering fantasy-themed.
I’d watch the hell out of this show. Someone get Netflix on the phone.
your pa is best grandpa
My pop pop did stuff like this. I feel the love and nostalgia tanks brotha
The world is a wonderful place. ☺️
Looks like a knight who might one day say Ni!
This is adorable.  Also, I encourage D&D.
This is what I was going to do with my kids. Make a map with landmarks and treasure chest type clues
The girl on the right is literally every Destiny player when bungie finally gives us an all black shader
not gonna lie, give dad a bathrobe with a hoodie, hes gonna look like a badass wizzard
I'm pretty sure I had that same armor costume, or a very similar one, as a kid 20 years ago. Love it lol.
This man just won father of the year and its only February.
What’s with Billie illish in the back ground
What a great dad   

This is just wholesome
This is adorable!
Your dad looks like The Hound but he's playing Hagrid
This looks like the house straight out of Resident Evil 7
That looks like such a fun place to treasure hunt.
Grandfather of the year
Is this USA? Wow. Looks great for kids to play in.
This is awesome!!
Because that’s what heroes do.
So awesome
Best grandpa ever!
This picture is incredible, knowing the story :)

Beau
This is so precious. What a wonderful memory he made for them kiddos. Good job grandpa!
Wish I could upvote more.  I really love this.  They will have great memories.
This looks like a quest I’d love to be a part of
I used to do this in daycare when I was younger.It was in a rural area, and we’d go on a nature walk looking for a treasure box full of sweets.
There's gotta be a digital artist that could make this be more awesome than it already is.
Can't wait to do this for my kids. Thank your dad for the idea!
Best grandpa ever.
Paul Giamatti is leading backyard adventures now?
Untouchable levels of joy
The background gives a resident evil 7/Outlast 2 vibe.

Which is pretty awesome when it's time for Halloween.
Father of the Year!!!!!
Your dad is a hero.
What a hero
I really Truly want to know what it's like to grow up with geek parents.
Like real magic treasure?
This is legendary parenting
If only we could all just be kids forever.
That's what having fun with kids is all about, well done!
your  father  is  a  #LEGEND
Awww came out of my face, then noticed this sub. Excellent place for this!
Better than the Super Bowl
This is so wholesome. My dad used to make up knight stories for me. The red Knight and the black Knight. I need to get back into drawing and painting, he agreed to write the stories down if I did the illustrations.
You’re a good man theon
That’s awesome
Are you trying to make me cry? Because this is how you make me cry.
I’m not crying, you are crying
aw the hat doesn't fit him
Cherish these moments..    One of my most favorite life experiences was in my own backyard hunting for a scavenger hunt that my mother has set up for us that morning. The day gave us memories for a lifetime I gave her the afternoon to clean the house it was the most amazing and thoughtful experience I think I've ever come across and it sticks with me constantly to this day. I can't wait to have my mother make scavenger hunts for my kids.
Tell Paul Giamatti I love his work.
Can we move this to r/wholesome?🙂
I love how he’s got an archer as back up
I hope they find my will to live
My grandpa did a similar thing. Fashioned a pirates chest from scrap wood and nailed a piece of bark on as the top.  It was stuffed with antiques and when me and my brother found it, using a map he made, we LOST ouR MINDS!
My parents do this for my kids.   They have created an entire treasure island area in their back yard.   Boats and paths and buried
 treasure.  They have enough pirate costumes for all the grandkids and they take them out into the woods for swashbuckling adventures.   Our kid’s generation had the best grandparents!!
That is so perfect
OP can we see the map your dad made?
True to form, the Ranger is already tired of someone's shit.
This is so wholesome that I want to die.
Your daughter looks like who i aspired to be at 13
That’s awesome! What kind of things did they find?
Big sis is acting like she’s begrudgingly playing along, but secretly she loves it.
Emo chick in the back is me
♫Toss a coin to your grandson, oh valley of plenty♫
Did they find the wizard????
fuckin incredible photo
That's nice, keep the dream alive dad.
I love your dad
That dark elf tho 😬
LET’S GOOOOO!!!!
Teach the little one to parry! Lol
The real treasure was the family we had along the way
I did this with my little cousin once, but instead of digging up treasure, we found the remains of old Foxy.
Grandpa is the best
Props to your pops, folk. That’s what it’s all about! Too often we grow old and jaded and lose all sense of imagination. I don’t know you, but reading this, and seeing how focused they all are on the wizard task at hand, my night has been made. Salute to y’all!
I hope the treasure they found was truly memorable, if nothing else.
Not what I expected Paul Giamatti's house to look like.
I used to have the same set of armor when I was kid! And I’m almost 30 now
Did your dad play Legend of Zelda when he was younger?
Your dad has incredibly small feet or am I spinning
I wonder if I'll be that good a grandfather when my time comes.

That was not me as a father
Ducking love this!!! My parents did this a had profound impact growing up with just being you 💕
Your dad is awesome
I love the knight and archer teamup. This'll be a great memory for them in years to come
Maybe white people aren’t so bad after all......
I miss my dad SO much!
He would have been this type of Papa ❤️
Thank you for allowing me to live vicariously!
I’m not a dad yet.  But I hope to be a grandfather like your dad
Remember when our parents never did shit like this for us
Emo Legolass looks badass
Your Dad looks like he's directing an "Apocalypse Now"-level production of "King Arthur Meets the Power Pack Kids."
Holy music continues
My father did this exact same thing. Buried a steel box of "treasure" and left a "treasure map" in the garage and pretended to discover it with me. (Told me later he waited a week for me to find the map on my own but I was too young and clueless) Proceeds to act excited and lead me to a pretty obvious spot by the treeline with a couple bricks, dig less than 1ft and Eureka! - A small bounty of foreign coins (old pesos etc) and glass mancala beads. Ohh boy were we beyond stoked.

The very next day: Dad gets home from work and the lawn looks like a scene from Holes. Obviously I was revved up and going to do further exploratory digging. I enlisted the neighbor kid to help by showing him proof of the treasure in it's convincingly rusty box. Old man had a true Simpsons "DOH!" moment and somehow convinced us there's no more treasure in the yard and to fill the holes before dinner. He didn't actually reveal the secret thus keeping the magic alive (Which was amazing intentions looking back). 

Day after that: Neighbor kid proceeds to dig a few holes in his own yard without me. Now that's when the magic died with a much scarrier Dad whom happened to run a local lawn service business coming over to put an end to our enterprises. 

Best dad move ever, we still laugh about it.
This is maybe my favorite grandpa story of all time
Is your dad Paul Giamatti?
Pretty sure this is how you grandpa right.
There are so many thoughts and emotions this picture elicits in my mind. Such a beautiful representation of what life can be if we try our best to do good and bring happiness. Granted, it's easy to do when you're family, but unfortunately some people still never recieved the kind of love and attention your father is giving your son.

Be grateful for your Dad, and if you did have a strong father figure in your life, take what they've taught you into the world with the knowledge that some people still need that love and guidance.
My dad builds houses for a living. He used to bring me to work when I was little. he'd drop a bunch of coins in the yard and give me the blueprints to the house and accompany me on my "treasure hunt." Thinking about it always puts a smile on my face :)
Your dad is awesome.
Looks like a pretty strong group tbh I'd raid with them any day.
That’s some top notch gramping right there
I love the older sibling playing along. This picture is adorable!
That's some A-plus grandpa work right there.
Good picture, heroic stances on all of them. Extra point for the ranger with the Nerf bow in the back
This is absolutely awesome. Keep kids creative for as long as possible, you never know who just needs that extra support to become the next great artist or writer!
they all look badass
Well this is wholesome af. 🥰
Your dad looks like Paul Giamatti.
Must be nice to have property.
Now that’s a grandpa!
Your Dad is awesome.
Legolas waits patiently behind gandalf, as he points out Mount Doom to Bilbo.
This picture looks like a poster for a movie I would definitely watch
The goth Archer is killing it
Get those kids into D&D already! Great family game :)
Something about seeing this so heavily upvoted seemed to imply these feats of familial heroism are too few and too far between. I don't have kids or anyone who'd appreciate this, but I fondly remember a friend whose parents took a day before every birthday to prearrange a treasure hunt around our neighborhood. They were of modest means, one disabled, and another a public school music teacher, so an on-site hunt was not viable. The themes were imaginative, between Sherwood Forest and Mission Impossible. Your mission, if you should choose to accept it, is to awesomize someone's impressionable life, even just for one day out of a year.
This would make such a good book
That girl is going to post that pic in r/blunderyears about 5 years from now
I don't know if I want to cry or start smiling. :')
Wholesome
That's some good grandpa-ing!
Who is that behind your grandfather's left ear? Looks pretty creepy tbh
Your dad totally looks like the kind of person that could offer quests.
Your Dad reminds me if like, Guillermo Del Toro, Peter Jackson, and Luciano Pavarotti had a baby. Together. All three them.
I like the grandpa just the way he is- can someone please paint this 😭
I love this photo
Girl in back Dark Elf ranger
Edgy teen as the archer.......makes sense.
r/edgyteensbeingbros
Daughter must've been like "No, this is stupid" and then ended up low key enjoying rollplaying the gothy drow archer
you had him dress up as a crusader?
Super-grandpa
Grandparenting done right!  I hope he post his treasures when he finds them. Make up stories for each find. My grand daddy did something similar and it and left grat memories.
Because thats what heroes do.
I did this the year my son got a metal detector for Christmas. Went out in the yard and hid old and foreign coins around the yard just under the soil. He was in disbelief and still has them.
Saw the photo before the title. It really looks like two little adventures going to complete a bountry and the innkeeper in the middle is pointing to where the bandits are.
I can recommend r/geocaching if you are brave enough to go find treasure a little further from home!
We did some geocaching for the first time this weekend, wasn't as fun as the clues and all but the kids still enjoyed following the phone and running around the woods trying to find stuff.
Yes! That is exactly how to teach and relate to kids. You are doing a great job grandpa!
This hit me with nostalgia  for the days of playing  pirates with one of my best friends
He's the greatest wizard of all; he can conjure happiness and fond family memories with his sharp mind.
I've been stalking redditall for years and this is the first time I've felt the need to post. I did a similar thing to this with my children about 4 years ago, It's one of the purest memories I'll ever have and I'll take it to the grave. If you have children you have to treasure these moments...they grow up fast
Gotta say... your dad is a woofy bear! And he clearly hangs to the right ;)
I think you should post this to redditgetsdrawn, might get some nice adaptations.
Why didn’t your dad dress as a wizard?
every great adventuring band has an emo archer. the suction cup arrows are also kawaii af.
Now THAT is a good father
This is how memories are made and imaginations are fired
 I think I'm just overcautious since I have some in my backyard. But I think Ivan see Poison Ivy
Everybody liked that.
You should look into Geocaching.
this made me so nostalgic for playing Hobbits in my aunt's backyard with my siblings in vancouver aaaaaahh
grampas back yard is way cool
Love this so much
Very heartwarming. A kid should have a good relationship with their grandpa. Might do well on r/daddit
Good parenting skills. That looks like a fun treasure hunt! ☺️👍
r/HumansBeingBros
I want to see this drawn with a Medieval/fantasy twist!
Bran hodor Rickon and osha
Haha this is fucking awesome
That's how you grandpa. Kids will remember that for there entire life
We at /r/DnD will be happy to see him in a few years!
I’m pretty sure it was as much fun for him as it was for them.
I want that childhood experience damn ittt
This would have been the COOLEST day of my entire life as a child. Thank you all for being so awesome. Memories like this, he'll cherish forever.
This is family goals. Good on your dad!
Every kid loves magic and mystery...This is the loveliest thing.

I'll bet your dad is secretly a wizard ;)
Your Dad is now the Wizard.
"It's time for another crusade"
what a good man
I love this!!!
This is so awesome!! You need to get a family game of D&D going asap
Best grandpa.
Ummmm. This is resident evil 7
I love the archer's participation here. Wholesome family moment.
Your dad is a great man.  It’s moments like these your son will never ever forget.  Cherish that man.
I want to do this if I ever have kids.
What was the magic treasure?
Your dad is amazing!!
Roll for initiative.
Hodor
My dad takes my 2 kids to take a walk close to their house. They see the ants, birds and rocks, that is one the favorite activities og my daughter when we go to my parents house
r/larping
This is so fucking adorable!
Welcome to larp :)
Awesome!! Best grandpa
Sounds like y’all might need to play D&D.
[deleted]
Your dad really knows how to dad :)
What a great grandfather
When I was 10  I asked my dad to play with me and he said piss off .
Forever memories.
r/AccidentalRenaissance
I loved treasure hunts as a kid
Way to go grandpa! I used to draw treasure maps for my son. One map led to another map which led him to the treasure. It was really was a lot of fun.
Now theres a real man, thats awesome.
Neat
This should be an album cover.
It looked like the totally not a teen had no fun at all.
Your dad is the hero we all deserve.
Grandpa goals. So darn sweet.
Cute little fella!
Lov it
Fantastic
This is so pure.
That’s sweet
Now I need a nerf bow
I did the same thing, sort of, when I was younger. Cool Dad.
Wholesome af
Now, explain the witch.
You should cross post this to r/photoshopbattles
yes
That's so sweet
r/wholesome
Cheers to Dad!!! 👏🏻👏🏻❤️
I was really into pirate stuff when I was little and my mom made a treasure hunt that went all over the city. It’s one of my fondest childhood memories.
Bruh the new avengers movie lookin wild
[removed]
Your dad is Bobby B?
Arya Stark just hangin' out with you there, hm?
I did the same thing for my son a few years back on Easter. :) Easter Bunny never showed up.....but I "found" a map from him in the mail box. The map detailed where he hid all the eggs. My son held the map and had to decipher all the clues to find the eggs. Was a blast! :)
What a fantastic dad/grandad!
My Dad did something similar for my niece and nephew. A pirate treasure hunt and a magic fairy treasure hunt. 

He had his master carpenter friend create the chest for the magic fairy hunt and it’s a ridiculously high quality container made with very fine wood. 

I’m looking forward to my kids getting older so we can continue the tradition. 

A good Grandad goes a long way!
Love it!!!
The elven Archer and the holy paladin damn that's a dream team😀
I would watch this adventure movie
This is exactly why my sexy girlfriend loves me. Being a nerd is cool. I am a Wizard. Love that big belly.
Your dad is good folk
This looks like an episode of gravity falls and I’m about it.
Isn’t Paul giamanti dead?

Op, sorry for your loss
He is dad of the year!!!🏆
Oh my gosh. I want to draw this. So cute
Grandpa goals
I love to do shit like this for my kid
This photo has so much going for it. Grandpa is feeling it. Young grandson eager to follow the way. A beautifully bountiful backyard. A slightly older. *possibly* less interested grandchild along for the ride. Beautiful.
What is the treasure?
This would be an awesome art piece or cover for a game
 [Same energy](https://www.reddit.com/r/DnD/comments/exq9z9/oc_got_the_dd_monsters_and_creatures_book_so_my/)
I love emo Legolas in the background
He looks like James Gandolfini, not good, #PastaAttack.
You know Grandpa's cool when even the goth tweenager comes out for the adventure.

*And my bow!*
My mom used to do this for me and my friends. I grew up on 40 acres, so she'd write up scavenger hunts & maps for us, then hide little trinkets all over the property for us to find. Good times
This is amazing. What a wonderful grandfather to have!
Fuck yeah!
I wanna come be the potion seller.
Christ
I agree it’s so super cute but am I the only one who thinks grandpa should’ve deactivated the bear traps before letting Johnny boy run around the yard with them? I’m not just saying this because the child lost his foot either
So who was the other kid  behind your dad ?
Grandpa's do it better.
because  nobody  is  older  than  grandpa  nor  wiser!
/u/ one of those watercolor/drawing redditors can you make something from this? It's delightful.
As a child in the early 90’s, i had the exact same set of plastic armor. So many memories.
When I was a girl ( maybe 5 years old) my dad built a castle for me. It was made by the blankets 😂
Grandparent goals
Your dad is Paul Giamatti?
r/accidentalrenaissance
Getting r/fakealbumcovers vibes from this
/r/HumansBeingBros
Your dad is the best kind of Grandpa.
Lol I had that same plastic armor/sword set 25 years ago.
Hopefully they are good and prepared. Packs laden with loot are often short on supplies.
Dude I had that exact armor set as a kid
I love the dark huntress along for the journey.
Stranger Things 5: We're back in Hawkins again.
*He’s taking the hobbits to Isengard*
..... I'm pretty sure I saw an Arthur episode like that
Cool dad award 🥇👍
Oh my God I love how into it the whole family is! 😍 Adorable!
Wholesome
This is a beautiful fucking moment.
Team comp is solid
He looks like a dad and it’s amazing
Yikes!
I wish I had grandparents like this. Unfortunately, they'd all passed before I was born..
So OP, what was the treasure?
The archer looks read to cut out someone's heart. I'm kinda intimidated lmao
Wait til they find out about geocaching.
Hell yes. I’d love this, even now!
My mom and dad did that with our boys mostly mom,  she was their Puff the Magic Dragon, always an adventure.  Boy, I miss her,  and I miss them being little. I know my 20 year still has one of their treasure maps.
Dang I thought that was an opeth hoodie
Am I drunk or is Billie eyelash holding a bow?
\#bestgrandpa
Tom Segura is looking rough in his old age
You need to frame that
Needs more blackguards.
You need to frame that
That looks like an actual movie poster wow
Great family photo!
Loving the goth Archer addition
Girl on right will be posting this as a blunder years in 5-10.
his dad looks more like Hodor
Did they tape it, I could replace season 8 with it if they did
Somebody needs to cartoonize this scene stat.
your dad is Paul Giamatti?
r/accidentalrenaissance
r/AccidentalRenaissance
This is prime /r/photoshopbattle material
Not gonna lie.. This looks like the start of a good horror movie.
Super sweet grandpa, blessed be his heart! He is given the cuties wonderful childhood memories, something invaluable even after you've grown up, even after you have aged yourself!
That’s something he’ll remember for the rest of his life. I love this 💕
It was on this day that kid fell in love with loot and booty.
You can't tell me that grandpa didn't have a blast.
This is a great idea! Very sweet!
I'm totally going to do this
Lemme guess, Grandpa is the wizard? It’s only fitting.
Fantastic memories for your family. Sweet.
You should download the app and try geocaching. It’s a real treasure hunt you can do anywhere.
That's love
When I first saw this photo, I was like, “Why is Paul Giamatti in the forest and why is he so damn angry!?!” 

But then I read the caption. Kudos to your father for being one hell of a man and helping the kids enjoy their imagination.
Omg this is freaking adorable and so awesome.
Hodor ....
My older brother and sisters would do the same for me when I was younger! This brought back so many memories :) It looks like you guys had so much fun
*Everyone Liked That*
Man Tom Segura is such a great grandad!
My father did this for me when I was seven.  Made a map and a treasure chest out of an old wooden crate.  Picked up a cap gun and a lot of other things too.  One of my fondest memories.  Thank you OP.
Now THIS is what a grandpa’s supposed to do!
The keeper of the holy junk drawer must have left his post for all the loot to be dispersed
can the archer and I be friends ??
I fw the archer's whole everything. Wish I could've looked that good as a teenager
Vibes
Love the attention to detail for the Gothic archer
that stealth archer tho
True magic!
Stealth archer. A woman of culture.
Your dad is the real treasure there. That is a memory your kids will cherish forever.
These are the kind of dads we need more of
Someone make a movie or show based solely on this picture, and I will watch the absolute shit out of it.
Someone buy this kid D&D 5th edition
Grandpa 100
Does anybody else see hoper in this photo?
This pic is epic.
My father once did the same with me, but I wanted to hunt jaguars. It felt real af. It's great to have such memories.
Chick in the back 👌🏻
Get that kid a Players Handbook stat
Love this
Bless your dad.
See, that's my real conundrum. If I want to be a grandfather someday I have to buck up and do the father part first...
Yoooo I had that armor as a kid too!  It lasted for years until the plastic finally gave way. We thought the visor was supposed to flip under our chin lol. 

Think it was called the Armor of God, or something similar
hah reminds me of South Park: the Stick of Truth video game
This is a totally different kind of treasure worth more than gold
As always the true trio, melee DPS, ranged DPS, and hands in pockets healer.
my dad has a great stealth build 
i haven't seen him in 15 years
The girl looks like a mix of the girl from Hunger Games & an alive Slyvanas from Warcraft haha.
I love your family. There's X-Files episodes about families like your family. I wish mine was more like that
I strive to be this frickin cool when I'm a gramps.
This is amazing 💜💜💜
This should be on r/PhotoshopBattles
Where's the map?
u/thelastremake 


https://www.reddit.com/r/photoshopbattles/comments/exxftk/psbattle_grampa_leads_grandson_on_a_treasure_hunt/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
This is what memories are made of. What an amazing grandpa. And just so you know I mean that comment threefold. An amazing person, father and grandfather.
I had a VERY similar armor set as a kid, but mine had slightly more detail. Did they get worse over the years,

Anyone, awesome grandpa!
This looks like a series i would binge watch and leave the responsibilities of the real world for.
What a great grandpa!!
The fuck is on that kids head
Heck yes!!!
I don't have kids nor do I want them.

My parents were definitely not parents of the year.

This is amazing - that father is great, and that kid is having the time of his life. I love everything about this.
Are you guys the Baker family from Resident Evil 7?
That's one cool Grandad
Damn this is wholesome. Life is wholesome
Honestly, I wish I was creative enough to think of this. Luckily because of people like your father along with yourself, I can pass along the adventures to my young step children. Thank you!
Seeing this post made my day ♥️♥️♥️♥️
Absolutely wonderful.
Awesome Dad dude. Wish my dad was as imteractive.
Yo, when's this movie coming out?
That is a really cool grandpa.
My heart grows bigger.  TY for posting.  These kinds of memories are not easy to come by.
If I ever have kids this is the type of dad I aspire to be.
Paps are amazing
That's Granpa 101.
Your kid might be a future DnD player. I'd suggest learning how to play and spending hours on end finding magical treasures and fighting monsters with your son. Good fun.
This will be an awesome movie poster.
r/photoshopbattles
Good post
Here you see the wild Grognard leading the latest generation of d&d players in his natural habitat.
Well that's the cutest damn thing I've seen all day...

Hope I'm this kind of dad someday.
And here we got ou first contstant for the father of the year awards, steping strong if i say so myself, ladies, gentlemen, what you think of this?
Thats soo cool. Im gonna do this for my kids tomorrow.
From the left to right Paladin, Sorceror, and Rogue class. Pick your class. I pick Rogue.
Hot damn, I had that same helmet and shield when I was younger. The nostalgia is really hitting right now.
"A red sun rises. Nerf has been spilled this night."
This needs it’s own Netflix series. That archer would be the most popular character:
Bottom left is poison ivy dude, not a good treasure..everything else here is awesome.
I don't normally aww at kids stuff on this sub, but aww.
You have my sword.
Hopper.
When my brother and I were really young my mom put together a "treasure map" to find dinosaur/dragon eggs. We also had walkie talkies to be in communication during the whole thing. At every stop around the house was candy and clues until eventually we found the eggs (which were actually apples). It is one of my favorite memories from before she became a crazy person.
The picture is incredible. It could easily be a movie poster
Lol the edgy 12 year old with the nerf bow but still participates with his family. 

Super cute
That's the kind of grandpa I want to be! Someday... if my 3  teen sons ever have children
That's not a dad. That's a fucking legend!
Dad dad’s are the best lol
That house looks amazing
That's awesome, I had a similar "treasure hunting" expedition that everyone remembers so fondly. From us littler ones to the older cousins and younger aunts and uncles that were making the map and planting the "treasure" it's something still talked about 20+ years later at family reunions.
Well I failed at parenting. I would never think to do something like this lol
Is there a third kid in the back behind the grandpa??
My grandfather did this for me when I was a around that little guy's age. It sparked an imagination that has lasted a lifetime.
Yep, still miss my dad.

Grandfather's are the best.
An emo with a bow and arrow? Someone just stole every character for an RPG I’ve ever made.
Wait this looks like it could be a scene in a netflix series
And there's the sibling who is struggling to resist the call to have fun, and is failing.
D&D in a nutshell.
He looks like chuck from billions
Amazing ❤️
Fucking beautiful man
There really is **always** an edgy rogue.
r/accidentalrenaissance
This is the best thing I've read today.
Your dad is a rockstar!
MMaking memories with grandpa
And grandpa of the year goes to....
Awww what a good grandpa! Cheers!
My grandparents did this for my me and my cousins when we were young. It was one of of the most memorable times we had. I’m so glad there are awesome grandparents still out there.
Now THAT is a grampy...he looks every bit the part.
that archer looks unsure.
A legend
Nice. Did that treasure map thing for my friends when we were little shits. Hid a box with candy.
Wanna go on a crusade?
The dude look like the dad from resident evil 7
Has no one asked to see the actual map yet?
That's some top tier grandparenting. My mom did a little treasure hunt for her 7 grandchildren Christmas 2018 and they're ALL still talking about it.
This is the coolest thing ever!
😭😭😭😭 so wholesome and beautiful
I love this!
That’s so awesome people like him exist
because that’s what heroes do
He's going into battle and needs only his strongest potions
Props to Grandpa for being awesome.  He needs a long grey beard though.
As someone just now playing *The Stick of Truth*, this strikes me as particularly funny.
Deus Vult Infidel!
Dad of the Year and it’s still February
Somebody get this family some Dnd books, stat!
i wanna be a crusader
Left to right: Dwarf, Paladin, Dark Elf Hunter
;_; my papa used to make treasure maps for me

i miss him so fucking much
r/photoshopbattles Unite!!
So cool! What kind of treasures did he hide?
Aww, I love that he is feeding his imagination.
Wow thanks for this.  Reminds me of Pawpaw and all of the adventures we had in the mountains.
Best Pawpaw EVER! <3
Hawkeye's daughter putting her training to good use.
My fucking heart
 I gotta do this for my kids!
They always say its a treasure hunt.
so your dad is the wizard!
You know what I love about this. Even though this was a Merry quest to find the treasure and slay the monsters your son will never question Grand Pa’s clothing because that’s how Grand Pa always dresses.  Grand Pas have a uniform, and it works no matter the occasion. He doesn’t look out of place.
Grandpa absolutely ROCKS! So cool!
Oh man I would have fuckin loved this as a kid..heck I'd love it now, your dad is a champ dude.
this dad secret identity is Jotaro kujo
Someone needs to photoshop this.

Photoshop wars!!!  Explore the creativity!!
I want to be this man when my daughter has children
This is what I wish to be to my children
Such motivation for their imaginations.  That's rare nowadays.  Awesome!
Beautiful
Please tell me you dressed up as an Orc and attacked them.
Because that's what heroes do.
Any Gollum sightings?
Deus Vult!!
Okay. Yeah, your dad wins Grandpa.  Like, the whole thing
My uncle did the same thing for my cousin and I around the year 2000. Our family owned a large piece of property and it took awhile to complete. Likewise to this post, there was also a map that ended up leading us to a treasure box to dig up at the end of the hunt. It was such a fun experience. I'm so glad that we aren't the only ones who have done this! Happy treasure hunting!
That pose... reminds me of something
this is stolen from r/photoshopbattles
Child of the corn, right behind dads head.
Cause that's what heroes do
Gramp Wizard
Because that’s what heros do!
This is the best thing I've read in ages. 
Love it.
Someone pls edit a pointy hat, cloak and a staff on to the dad. He needs to be the wizard.
wow this is so good
I long to see more parenting like this.
This is so precious. I teared up. You have an amazing family with so much love; you guys are doing it right.
The poses remind me of JoJo
Wait.. Is your dad Paul Giamatti?
Your dad is Paul Giamatti?
I can’t be the only one that’s seeing this.. mans hung.
Mar
Aamdna
That’s a good grandad right there!
What an interesting Dungeons and Dragons campaign! /s
I like machones sword going with the knight armor
Holy shit, the kid on the right is everybody's first edgy DnD Ranger hahaha
cool
Hawkeye?
This, this makes me smile. Thank you
I remember doing this with my little sister once, for her birthday. We burned the edges of the map, and told her some kind of pirate must've left it behind for her. We also included simple math riddles in the hunt, to make her extra proud of herself, as she had just learned simple additions.
Your dad kind of looks like he might have some magic up his sleeves. His proverbial sleeves, since he has his rolled up.
May I suggest Geocaching as a hobby fornyour family? 
What an adventure!! :D
A knight, a hunter and a bard. Solid comp
So that's you with the bow and arrow?
That’s awesome!!
I have the same bow and arrow!
because that's what heroes do
that looks epic
Not every hero wears a cape, in this case he wears a stylish vest.
Not all heroes wear capes
Was hoping to see a wild sketch interpretation of this in the comments. To bad he doesn’t do ‘em anymore
I really want to edit this photo so that they are like in D&D
This looks like a movie poster for Goonies 2
If I was this kid I would've thought this was the most amazing adventure ever.
This guy grandfathers
Is your dad Paul Giamatti? Because your dad looks kinda like Paul Giamatti.
Best Grandpa Award 2020!
https://imgur.com/RhqHbIj Hope you like it!
THIS is the parent i hope to be, when my partner and I are in that part of our lifes.
Hagrid surely lost his long beard and hair.
Grandpa of the year 💕💕💕❤🌈
Can you adopt me?
Got a little shock when I noticed that weird ghost thing behind the dad’s head.
Peter Jackson is looking well these days
Can I triple like this post?
RR A xd i
I wish i had this
Goth archer pierces your sadness
Is that Hodor
Did he ever do something like this with you too?
May I suggest https://www.geocaching.com/play
Family goals
Best grandpa ever.
Well of course I know him, he’s me.
This is so wholesome, thank you for posting this
Looks like Orlando in the flesh back there, dang
<sniff> “In fact one can easily see this process occurring with this wizard. He is incapable of escaping ideology, his distorted ideas of nature, of the trees and animals of the forest and so on and so on.”
I had the same armor set in the 90s. Good times
"So you wanna be a vault hunter... Eh? Let me tell you a story about a map..."
I just noticed the blonde rogue. He’s pretty good.
I love this. Wholesome moments and a wholesome man.
Looks like that might be poison ivy 😟
