Hi Shane!!  I’m a huge fan!  I’m also a specialty pharmacist and I’m SO GLAD to see Spinraza is working for you.
Care to tell me a bit about this? I am completely unfamiliar. I assume you lose muscle mass over time? 

How are you doing today by the way?
I love you both!  My sister has arthrogriposis and we were very close growing up. Glad your dog makes you so happy!
She's adorable. A labradoodle?
Your post made my day after reading you are doing well and managing your disease. 

Thanks for posting and sharing your story. You're fucking awesome.
No offense but I genuinely thought this was a photoshopped picture until I went to your profile and saw your beach video
Squirmy and grubs! Nice to see you on reddit lol I watch your YouTube videos
anyone being a dick should know.  


1.)hes getting paid  
2.) beautiful fiance  
3.) awesome dog   
4.) on vacation...  


Yeah, hes doing better than a lot of us... me included.   


Love the dog brother!
[removed]
Hey I know you. 

I’ve seen your article about how folks think your SO is your caregiver. 

I’m also disabled (muscle disease related to Muscular dystrophy). I’m 38 and I cannot tell you how many times people have mistaken past girlfriends for caregivers. 

I’m glad to see you’re on Reddit!!
I’m sure she loves you just as much as you love her :) Such a wonderful companion. Both of you for the other;)
I’ve seen your videos on YouTube - I like them
Why do you have a cloud in your living room?
She’s lovely!
DK Mode enabled
I don't mean to alarm you but there is a Majestic Cloud Floof next to you on the couch... looks like the goodest of girls
You look like a Mii
Man I like people that have good attitudes and handsome dogs
Dude you should do an AMA

By the way the dog is adorable
Dude!!! I am so stoked to see you on reddit! Been following you and your lady for a bit after seeing y’all on YouTube and my goodness! Ain’t nothing warms a heart like reading your weekly list of things that make you smile. SO stoked to see this post!! :) Thank you for being awesome!
/r/redditisfacebooknow
My students and I just read your book! Thank you for sharing that so honestly, and enjoy your vacation!
You were on Special Books by Special Kids. I saw that episode, you and your girlfriend/wife are awesome!
This post seems to be karma baiting. I’ve looked through your post history and it’s kinda disgusting with all of the self promotion.
[removed]
[removed]
For a second I thought this was photoshopped..
Cool to see you here instead of on YouTube! Lots of love to you and your family from an avid viewer on a different side of the internet!
I read through some of your old posts. I hope that the synthetic DNA is working! Here's to your good health in the future.
Wow, what a great smile, and your pup really knows how to pose for the camera.
You look so happy with the situation that bestowed onto you, I envy that. I hope all your dreams come true!
Love your YouTube channel! Hope you’re doing well!
I feel bad because I thought this was photoshopped
She looks like the good-est girl! What a cutie!
Hi Shane!!!
yeah, it’s big brain time.
[removed]
You must have strong neck muscles.
OP loves to self promote his YouTube channel and spam his inspiration porn all over reddit.
I want to tie your arms around my neck and wear you like a backpack. Fuckin going on an adventure
As soon as she lies down on you you’re dead
HI SHANE
No offense, but your head kinda looks like it was PHOTOSHOPPED
Keep being awesome and living your best life. She looks like such a best girl!
The mans head is huge
Okay - after reading through your responses to comments, I first want to say that good for you! That new breakthrough drug sounds like an awesome opportunity for you and others who live with the same issues. 

Secondly, and I mean no offense by this question....but how much does your head weight compared to the rest of your body?
I like that couch.
She’s beautiful! So much love to you, Hannah, and your new fur child! ♥️
Hey man, reading your book made me laugh my ass off and really changed my perspective on the troubles of life. I appreciate your work and am glad you are chilling on vacation.
Then who is a owner
Since she weighs more than you- you only have one thing to do

Ride her like a horse
I hope this doesn't seem rude but when i saw this picture at first,  i thought it was photoshopped. You got a very cute dog tho :)
Nonetheless, very cute dog. 

You're lucky, mate.
jimmy neutron???? is that you????
Lol what is this DK mode in Goldeneye
Wholesome
Looks photoshopped
Someone punched in some cheat codes for NBA Jam
Hi Shane,

You probably won't see this, but I'd never heard of you before this post. For the past day, I've been watching through a few of your videos. 

Purchased your book, "Laughing at My Nightmare" yesterday, and I've just started reading it. You seem like an awesomely cool person, and I'm glad you've found a little balance with your condition.

I wish you all the best going in to the future!
I love you and her so much too!
Shane Burcaw?! I know of your inspirational and comedic IG posts, been following you on there for years man! Glad to hear you are doing well, you and H are great people and I wish you all the best. Just got so excited to see you pop up on my Reddit feed lol
Is this a real picture?!?
I like watching your channel Shane. Cute pup.
Shane! Chloe has great posture.
That looks like a good, solid, comfortable couch. My couch sucks.
I genuinely got scared because I thought this was on r/roastme and I thought people were going to be mean to you, this is one of the greatest post on r/aww
[removed]
My man has the big head cheat on
Dang I use reddit so much i've seen this fucker on the front page multiple times. Well played. Little shit.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Guys chill out with all the compliments. We wouldn't want him to get a big head
You look like the characters in Golden eye when you put the big head cheat in
You look like someone from Tony hawk pro skater 2 with the big head and skinny body cheats on
People are stupid and get jealous of the amazing life you’re living.  Keep being you brother.  You’re killing it and have a kick ass doggo on top of it all.  Love your videos and your sense of humor.  Keep it up.
You look exactly like the guy from 13 Reasons Why!
She's so pretty!
I like how she is in the center of the seat and your scooched into the side-like she's "letting" you sit there, but she still wants to be the star!
Omg I read your book in middle school! It was hilarious
Fuck yeah bro! You're an inspiration to those living with disability!
I bet she loves you more!
Labradoodle? Good lookin pupper
She's beautiful.
What's this good girl's name?
Your dog is absolutely adorable! I don't really like poodles but this one looks very friendly
I mean, what’s not to love about her?
We are living in an amazing time my friend. My hope for you is a total and complete cure.
I'm really tired and I swear I thought I saw your head and your dogs swapped and it's the best thing I've seen in a while
Wow, very unexpected to see you on here, i'm subscribed to your channel on youtube and watch your videos frequently.
Proud looking dog
I've  known a few poodles, they are very interesting dogs. Smart to the point they can be a problem. But definitely very smart.
Live your life. Live well. Be you.

❤️
I read your comment telling us what happened, I’m glad to see you’re doing great and I hope you have good luck gaining more muscle mass!
Shane!! Really neat to see you on the front page, dude. Found your channel through SBSK, love seeing your journey through life with Hannah. Much love from TX.
Your dog is adorable, and seems to know she's lucky to have you! What's her name? What kind of dog is that?
I binged practically all of your YouTube videos a while back.  One if the funnier guys out there.
I wish I had the skill to oil paint her as a regal, Elizabethan era noblewoman.  She is majestic.
Hi Shane and Chloe!  It was a nice surprise to see you two while scrolling through Reddit.
I thought this was content aware scale.
Loved your book bro!
She looks regal as hell
Our golden doodle sits like a donkey as well. Weirdos.
Oh my god. I’m pretty sure I saw you and your girlfriend at Turtle Bread cafe but I was too scared to come up and say hi hahaha

I love you guys!
What! I didn’t know you had a reddit account! Im a huge fan of your Youtube channel, the pup is looking great!
I'm also an adult and my pup weighs more than me, and that's how I prefer it.
She's doing human sitting. Human sitting dogs are automatically 50-65% cuter
Squirmy! Or grubs!

Im not sure which one you or Hannah is, but regardless, i love watching you guys on youtube!
You are an inspiration to me, I am glad you found the right medicine. Handsome fella.
Photoshopped?

Edit. Checked your profile. Sorry.  I'm glad you look so happy. Cheers.
DUDE DO AN AMA FOR REAL
Look like a Mad magazine cover.
Woah, Haven’t seen your videos for a while, but Hannah’s changed.

Only joking, love to you, the gorgeous Hannah and that beautiful doggo.
I know you from YouTube!!
I bet she loves you back.
I love your content.
Yes! I've seen you on Reddit here and there! You two are so fucking adorable together and I can't get enough of it! Glad to see you've got such a positive outlook on life and really making strides to live it to the fullest. Have fun in Florida!!!
I've seen you with your girlfriend in sbsk, am I right?
What's up with that leather couch bro? I'm likin that!
I don’t know if this sounds bad or good. Seeing you live life to fullest gives me hope that I can find light in deep depression. Thank you.
Omg your video about sitting on the plane cracks me up every time!! I love it! “Hmm if only there was a way I could sit comfortably in a chair specifically designed to fit me body..... *stares at kickass wheelchair*” 

But seriously, that’s a huge problem and I hope it gets better in the future.

[this one!!](https://youtu.be/6nD9ArwG79o)
Surprised to see you on here lol! I’ve been subscribed to your YouTube for a while!
Hey, cute pup :) I watch your YouTube channel btw! You guys are such a cute couple and very inspiring.
So cute !
Does anyone what type of dog that is?
She loves you, too.
Ah the infamous couch that Shane didn't think he'd fit on, but Hannah knew the truth. Literally just finished watching that video.
Great picture!
What's not to love! I  love your puppy too!
Your dog looks so proper and regal.
Its amazing that the medication your on is helping im so happy for you. And your pupper is adorable!
Hopefully this breakout drug, allows you to break through a brick wall. Godspeed.
Looks like a good buddy!
I live in Pennsylvania and also too poor to move.  Don't like winter. I'm retired so I won't be going outside unless I have no other choice. Your puppy is beautiful!  Looks like one of the best pups I had the pleasure of sharing 11+ years with, Ozzy.  He's been gone almost 3 years now and I'm still grieving. Sooo lovable and huggable.  Thanks for sharing this picture!
See, this is what I love about animals... they don't give a fuck who you are, they will love you just the same.
You're the man, man! I enjoy your exploits traveling around the world. The good, the bad, and then more of the good.
Rock on dude..
Oh the youtube guy
Very cute dog, would pet 15/10
You are both magnificent.
You sir are an inspiration. Thank you for being a positive person.
Im 27 and i cant imagine the hardships you have gone through, best of luck to you man, beautiful pup btw
SHANE! keep on rocking dude!
I think I read your book!!! It was hilarious!
Oh hey you’re that guy from YouTube
Are you Shane from squirmy and grubs/SBSK?
SHANE!!!!!
Your pooch is beautiful! You seem to have a great attitude, and I hope that your new course of treatments yield amazing results! Good luck, and give your pup a smooch from us!
Grubs! WTH I didn't know you're Reddit! Love your show! Say hello to the Great AquaBeast of the North for me! (I'm just kidding, please don't do that!)
That dog is awesome sauce
Congratulations on your new best friend brother! 😎
I’ve seen you on YouTube when one channel introduced you and your fiancé. That’s great that you have a pup now!
I have seen your YouTube channel. Y'all are funny! I did not know you had such a nice dog.
Hey I have seen you on youtube! I've watched several of your videos. You and your puppy are real cute.
Hey Shane! My wife and I love the videos you and Hannah out out. Pretty dog too. Poodle cross?
Hi Shane! Big fan of yours. Pupper is lovely btw!
Love your YouTube channel! Keep it up you guys!
Hi!!!! I remember you from a lovely photo of you and your wife that was posted not too long ago.  Glad to see how happy you are 😀
Hey I saw you on Special Books By Special Kids! Cool :)
u/letouxftw are you still uploading videos on YouTube?
That dog is huge!
The comment section is madness
Are we roasting the dog?
Oh she is so fluffy I just want to hug her! 😊🐶
Shane, I think you're awesome, and your pup looks so sweet!
She is gorgeous! You both look happy!
Shane! I should have figured you'd be on reddit! I recently started watching your YouTube channel and I remember the journey to adopt your fur baby. You and Hannah are just so perfect together and it made me so happy when you got engaged.
Read your book for a project in middle school but i actually liked it, glad you’re doing well
And your fans love YOU so much!
Look at you sitting up all proper and stuff on the couch! 

Oh... you're doing a decent job too Shane. 

For real though, I love your little family of 3!
[I'll just leave this here.](https://youtu.be/k4o30y96kv8)
It's the hair, dude. Get yourself a beard.
Check out this show called Ramy on Hulu you might find it relatable.
Wow dude, i came across your interview on youtube 3 days ago about you and your partner, surreal to see you pop up on reddit for a seperate reason!!!
Good job keeping that smile, mate! I'm embarrassed to read some of the comments made by the scum of our species. You deserve the best, man.
I watch you on YouTube from time to time, great to see you on Reddit as well!
Whether or not they're bigger or smaller than you, dogs are the best :)
So cute!! Yall look like a great duo! ^_^ GOD BLESS ya both!
Been following you on Youtube, I'm so glad that you're getting so much love on reddit. I hope you're doing fine.
Hey I saw you last night watching sbsk, really interesting video

Cool to see you on the front page the next day!
Huge fan! Xoxoxo
You look like dreamworks' characters
Imagine she sees a rabbit... your going flying dude
I dont know you but so happy for you and that spinzara is working out for u fucming dope
Even I wouldn't say something bad about that.
 ♥️
You love her or the fact that she's heavier than you?
give him ALL the awards. All of them.
Keep up the posts. You're an inspiration, man.
Hey! I saw you on that one dude's Youtube Channel, he interviewed you! Glad to see you're doing well and I read your comment about the breakthrough drug. Fuck yeah! Stay strong brother, some of us are out here rooting for you!
You look like the musician [Robbie Fulks](https://interactive.wttw.com/sites/default/files/robbie-fulks.jpg)
Using your dog to self promote you. Sick!
Good for you brudda,  when I was a youngin 20 something years ago I used to volunteer at a place called Camp Anchor.  They specialize in campers with disabilities.  You remind me of a few of the campers that I had in my groups at the time.  I'm glad that they have come up with a drug that has greatly improved your life and that of others with this disease.  Good luck with everything you do mang.
Holy crap talk about a coincidence. I work for a chemical company in the life sciences field and yesterday we had our big quarterly meeting. Now, us regular union people (picture safety glasses, steel toe boots, regular manufacturing employees) just fill chemicals and go about our daily lives, so a few years ago we asked the management team to throw something together in every presentation to show us how our work affects the pharmaceutical industry.

Anywho, yesterday they talked to us about a new customer we'll be picking up and how this company spent 10 months developing a drug (gene therapy?) specifically for this little girl named Mila. It was an antisense oligonucleotide!!! I still can't say it and 24 hours ago I had no idea those were real words. My brain just trips over it all and reads them as "Gary Senese Oligarchy".

Long story short, I just learned this was a thing and then I opened up reddit and see you and your pupper looking FREAKING ADORABLE!!!! I hope everything is going great for you!!
You look great I’m a huge fan I watch your videos so often!! And your puppy is so cute hard to believe bigger than you lol.
Hey! Have you ever heard of the research chemical
Ostarine?
Great photoshop work!
You look like a poorly executed photoshop project
I like your smile brother, lights up the room.
You kind of look alike
How do you hold your head up when the rest of your body is so small.  It just seems like if someone pushed your head down you wouldn’t be able to pull yourself back up on your own.
Doooooggggiiiieeeee I love dogs :-)
Serious question. Is she a good doggo?
This attention seeking guy again. He and his weird girlfriend are creeps. The fake 'gallows humor' he has around his condition is so banal.
What a pretty pup. She has very good posture ☺️
She’s lovely! A labradoodle?
Yikes spamming your YouTube on page /awwww is suuuuuper low
I'm disabled please upvote me
She looks soft and cuddly!
Glad youre doing well and have a sense of humour. Im curious as to how an artist would draw a caricature of you.
My pupper only weighs 13 pounds
She looks like she loves you too!
She looks lovable! Enjoy the holiday and your time with your pup!
dog:  I was Born to be photographed.
at first i thought you’ve been photoshopped l, but then i read the other comments.. that must suck thoe :/ and does it hurt?
My dude, have you ever considered dressing up as big head mode 007 from goldeneye for Halloween?
Aye I didn’t know you were on reddit man! For a whole second I thought I opened up the YouTube app haha love seeing your face everywhere!
Hi Shane!!! :D
Hey man! We went to high school together. Glad you are doing well. Go freedom
You’d make a great bobble head
my guy looks like he came from that golden eye n64 big head mode
Wait do you have a normal sized head or a big one I can't tell
Big brain time
Dude put the head size slider all the way up
Jimmy Neutron head asss
Does anyone know if this guy has a YOUTUBE CHANNEL or has BEEN ON A TV SHOW?

I am REALLY INTERESTED in this guy's YOUTUBE CHANNEL. 

Jesus Christ.
[removed]
She's adorable!
Did someone turn on big head mode?
Are you a real person? no offence
I love you and your YouTube channel. Stay awesome my dude.
This guy only gets upvotes because people feel sorry for him
Your head looks so photoshopped sorry bro
[deleted]
you two are so cute together
Do a  roast me
[removed]
God you guys are really milking your disability for attention...
She reminds me of when I was young and drew sheep on construction paper, then glued cotton balls on it.

Glad to hear there are medical advances that are helping you out!
I’m so glad r/aww didn’t take your post down this time! Just finished your second book and loved it. I am an English teacher and I have been using excerpts of your writing within my classroom. Hope you are doing well!
Thought this was posted on r/roastme and was about to spit fire. 

But so cute dude you’re amazing
Wait wth, i just saw you on youtube. I'm so glad that you and your gf is happy togheter :)
give chloe a pet for me. she is a good girl
She’s a beauty!
She looks so fluffy!
Hey, you adopted your pooch from Michigan Doodle Rescue Connect, right?  Congratulations!
You have an amazing pup, and you seem like an amazing person! Perfect duo. :)
I just started watching your videos! You're a very funny man. Thanks for the laughs!!
I love you and her so much too!
She looks so fluffy
Never skip head day.
What’s with your big ass head?
I just wanted to say that I don't know who you are (though you seems to be well known) but when I saw this picture, it just made my heart happy. Yall are so fucking cute. I've had a really shitty week and this brought a genuine smile to my face. I needed that....thank you for sharing a picture of you and your curly haired friend. 😊
Chloe!

Love your YouTube channel, you guys (even hannah) are awesome.
I love your youtube channel!
Seems like I'm the only one on this site or in the world who doesn't know about your YouTube channel. Can someone please give me his YouTube channel's name?
[removed]
DK mode
Wow hey! I saw you and Hannah on SBSK and I've watched a bit of your channel! Awesome to see you on here :)
I love Shane and Hannah! Their new dog is so precious 😍
You’re wife is hot af.
I saw your story on SBSK a year ago, hope you're still doing well!


For those who aren't familiar https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5pWrZQZb4BM
Sort by controversial. So many deleted comments. Shitbags.
Shane!!!!! I'm quite a fan of yours :) hope you are having a wonderful week! also let me pet your dog
You look well.

Give Chloe a hug for us all.
something seems off
Do you have a YouTube channel? I recognize you.
That’s Shane... on the left
I loved watching when you and your wife first got her. It was a truly beautiful moment to see the joy all of you had!

Have a great day, and thanks for always giving us such positive posts and videos.
Skinny king
LOL
This is 100% a marketing post for the medicine
41 rewards?? Really?
I just have to say I love the Reddit community and how the top comment made me happy just to read. Everyone speaks so much hate on the internet and it’s so nice to see that it isn’t all bad. Good luck with your treatments! I admire your positing and your dog is adorable!
[removed]
You and Hannah are amazing, I love the chemistry between you both and your videos have brought joy to many.

Keep up the good fight! You’re nailing it and thank you for sharing your story.
And I still bet your doggo thinks they're a lap dog! They always think they are, even at +100lbs
What a nice photo :D
Good for you man.
Hi Shane 😊 loved you and Hannah’s beach adventure today! Beautiful in many ways! Keep posting! 
Hi Chloe, RUFF 🐾
I swear Chloe get fluffier in every picture I see of her
Grats on the doggo
Hello Squirmy & Grubs ✨
Beautiful puppers!
I love Chloe!
Awww that's a very cute dog. You lucky. (:
Poodles gotta poodle ya know. She is such a cutie!
She’s a beautiful pup!
Love your dog soo much!
Your pup looks very floofy. I love it! I too have a poodle but she is black so it's hard to get a great picture of her.
I watched many many of your videos on YouTube, mate. I love you with all my heart and I love the things you do to educate people!
Shane you look like a Wii avatar in this picture.
She looks like a good pup! Do you ever get overwhelmed with her? I am a fat male who has a dog that weighs in around 100lbs, and sometimes he frustrates me because he forgets his size.

Let me know!
hey! i saw you on /r/sbsk
Hey i subscribe to you on youtube
you two look like the best buddies ever and so happy together. dogs are precious!
This is so cute. I would like to pet your dog, It seems very floofy.
She’s beautiful!  I know she loves you too!
Love your channel!
I follow your YouTube channel!! Yall are hilarious
Omg she sits down like the good girls! So cute
OMG I love your youtube channel. Your personality is superb. :)
So cute, sending my love from San Francisco brother much love and keep up the positivity 💕✌️
Omg! It’s Shane! I love your YouTube channel! :D
Your the guy that people assumed that your wife is your care taker right.(sorry if that came off aggressively but I seen you on YouTube before)
Love following you and Hannah on Instagram!!! Cuddles to all 3 of you!!
Awe! I didn't realize you had a reddit account! Followed you!
I bet she loves you so much more, cause dog love is 7 times as great as human love.
You are looking so healthy and strong! Love watching your videos!
That is a seriously cute dog!
Wish you both well. Cheers.
Anyone ever told you that you look a lot like Edin Dzeko?
Shane ❤️
Hey .  Where is your beautiful girlfriend? She is so lovely
Did you have an interview with SBSK?
all I can say ❤❤❤
This is the side of the internet that makes wading through all the terrible stuff worth it.
Omg can't believe I just randomly came across this, I'm currently watching your latest vid on my tv. Give Chloe lots of cuddles, my family all adore her.
Hey Shane!
Your dog is sitting there like "hur dur, I am a people"
It's Shane!
I saw this guy on imdontai
Ha ha! She looks so refined! Good dog ya got there!
Hey! Squirmy and the Grubs! Love.you guys so much! You guys are the biggest Insp to live life to the max everyday! Keep it up!
Oh shit it’s you. Was up
this is absolutely wonderful i love love love
That's so crazy I just watched a video about you. Keep living your best life my dude 😎
Hello hello, welcome to the show!
I used to play arma3 with a guy by the name Bat Car back in the day that had the same condition as you. Awesome dude, never let it stop him from having fun. 

P.s. 

Cool pup
You look like a nice guy. What are your hobbies?
Love your YouTube channel :)
You're that dude with the hot wife.
You a union fan?
Awww hi Shane!!
So happy to see you doing well man! I love seeing your posts!
Beautiful pup!
Another huge fan here! Your book is just amazing. I love the honesty of it.
Cutest human-sitting dog ever!!!!
What a great picture.
She’s a poofy lady
Holy shit what a handsome dude, i mean-dog.
Fine looking mop you have there sir.
Wait! I’m sure I’ve already seen you somewhere, on youtube. Where was it?
Grubs!!! 🧡
Your smile is everything ❤️
Look at her face! She couldn't care less how much you weigh.  All she cares about is "this is my daddy and if you mess with him I will eat you".  

Rub her belly for me!
Shane! OMG thought this was my YouTube feed for a sec
I love her too! What a cutie.
Saw your post a couple weeks ago, checked out your channel, and I’m addicted. Both of you are awesome and so great to watch together!

Talking about you and your fiancée, pupper was a great addition too.
I love when dogs sit up straight and look like they are sitting like a person. I’m dog sitting right now and he likes to sit just like that while I watch tv. Makes me chuckle. Hope you enjoy your vacation!
I'm going to throw in this low ranking comment just thanking you for your YouTube content. You guys are pure joy. :)
I know I’ve seen you somewhere, did you make a day in the life of you on yt
Hell yeah man!! I’ve seen a bunch of your YouTube videos awhile ago, glad you’re doing good:)
Squirmy and grubs!!
Does your dog get to sleep in bed with you? The snuggles must be awesome. I have 4 dogs, but none with the non shedding super soft coats.
God bless you my good man
SQUIRMY & GRUBS on YouTube if anyone is interested, he's actually really interesting & funny. I like him & his girlfriend anyway :)
I’m just happy Spinraza or however you spell it is covered for you again.
Hah you’re so clearly her owner you can tell by the way she bugs her eyes out at you lovingly. Love pooches.
Your princess is just so cute!!
She’s very cute!
What’s your pups name?  Such a cutie pie!
Shane! Love Squirmy and Grubs! 💕
Don’t worry bro you ain’t alone even though I don’t have what you have I’ve generally been fucking short since my back was bent over during birth it’s called scoliosis so that means I look like I’m hunched over all the time. Not so bad once you get used to it also im skinny af
I love your channel!! So glad the new puppy is settled!!
Your posts are always so inspiring to me. You’re a beautiful human ❤️
This warms my heart. Rule #32 enjoy the little things. Glad you can enjoy a friend even after all you've been through. Your smile says it all, you are a positive person. Keep on keeping on!
Aww she’s so cute
I’ve seen y’all on YouTube! I think haha
Hey I watch your YouTube with your fiancé! Nice surprise to see you on the front page!
Shes beautiful!
You're amazing Shane! Chloe is also amazing.
Aw, what a cutie, you're blessed for being her tutor and we can see she´s really happy with you! She´s a natural born poser, lol
Shane!
Your dog is so pretty!
How Beautiful! cute Pup btw! what's her name?
that’s awesome!
Ahhhh a rogue Shane appears!!! Love you guys ❤️
Your dog is so beautiful!
SHANE MADE IT TO REDDIT!!!
Nice smile
❤️👍 very cute pic
I loved to read that you’re doing well and that the drug is working for you! Modern day medicine is amazing on so many levels. Keep on rocking and give your puppy some scratches for me!
letouxftw - so interesting!  This site can be so wonderful compared to other social media. It’s great to learn so many things about so many people everywhere. Thanks for being so open. How fricking awesome you are not getting weaker with this new treatment!

You aura comes through on your picture. Beautiful. Wonderful eyes.  Gorgeous pup too!
I Hope you get better!
Hey cool, I actually know who you are! Your name is not that common...  it's a good name.

Really glad to hear the drugs help. 

Is it just a really large standard poodle?
I love this pic! You guys are the best!
Shane you’re so cheeky
Poodles!!! I love my poodle too!
 i dont regret a second from watching ur videos. 

  Shane and Hannah are both unique and i wish u the best.
Haha right on.  You two are hilarious together. Keep the pics coming
You are both adorable 😘 be happy
Alot of us have been dealt shitty hands.   Take care my friend
she’s so fluffy!!! ❤️💛🧡
Great looking pup! Good for you, I’ll bet she loves you even more.
ollie?
Shane! This is a nice surprise!
I know you from the SBSK video!! Good to see you doing well!
Didn’t you write a book or something? I remember seeing that somewhere
The struggle is real bro!!! I’m glad you in good spirits
Glad to see the smile! awesome doggo
I Love Her So Much Too! Aren't you blessed!!!
Anyone that loves pets is a plus for me !
Lmao! For some reason the way she is sitting and the head turn has me cracking up. I want to get a dog soon but I feel like I need to get a bit more financially secure first
Hey I’m a huge fan of your YouTube channel!! I love your dog too :)
Just try to focus on the good I guess.
I just lost my dog today, but this really warms my heart. ❤️❤️❤️❤️
\>be me

\>29 y/o male browsing reddit

\>unhappy existence, but nothing to complain about

\>be this guy

\>has a savage disease, still smiling

\>mfw (ಥ﹏ಥ)
She loves you much more , stop feeding her your food for a start .
Wow! She’s so cute, she looks exactly like mine. Is she a golden doodle?
Chloe!!
[removed]
Nice photo BTW. Wishing the best for you both!
I’m visually impaired and high as a kite and I have to admit it took me quite some time to figure out that this photo hasn’t been doctored. You and your pup are precious. Have a wonderful vacation!
Shane.
I'm not sure when Spinraza became available but, one of my best friends from high school died a couple years ago with sma. I'm not sure if it was unavailable or if it was too late but, it makes me sad that this could have saved his life if it was around 15 years ago. Dorian was the funniest person I ever met, some of the best times I ever had were spent with him.
You probably won't see this but HOLY SHIT I literally just stumbled upon your YouTube channel today for the first time ever! You're such a cool person, I swear I was smiling like an idiot as I was clicking through your videos.
Your dog sits like a person!!
Omg that puppy tummy.
Squirmy and Grubs and Chloe! You guys are so great! Love your videos! You are such an inspiration to so many!
I love watching y’all!! Can’t wait for the wedding!
You seem to have a very positive outlook, how do you manage that............living in Florida and all?-but seriously, aside from the ocean and the state eventually becoming one entity, (as the reality of climate change will have it do) what gets you through each day with what appears to be a level of happiness most able bodied people aren't able to attain?
Fur point game on point
I love your YouTube channel! Glad you guys had fun at Disney!
I ducking love this photo.
Dogs are too relaxed it's amazing. They are vibe incarnate
Her nice girl!
You seem like such a sincere and beautiful person. Thats something that a medical condition cant change. I love you and I hope that your future is bright.
The goodest girl. You are pretty great too.
Your floofy pupster is so cute! You are so cutting edge with the medical! I’m glad it’s working. I’m wishing you two the very best.
is she a goldendoodle?
Handsome fella, and the dog is cute too
Seen this guy on YouTube. He's funny as hell. Also has an amazing and also insanely gorgeous girlfriend! Cool to see you on Reddit my friend!
I summed up the total and it's a month and 4 weeks of premium (from the post itself)
Skinny Puppy!
Linus tech tips
Been a fan of your channel for a while now. Hope you're enjoying Florida! I live here and need a damn vacation.
No way! My class read your book and watched some videos during library a couple of months ago. "Not So Different" was a great opportunity to have important conversations with them. Thank you for providing a tool to facilitate crucial dialogue with children!
Hey I saw you on sbsk! That was an awesome video! And an awesome dog too!
Nice
Wow. It's so cool, dude!)
Moravian college whatuppp!
Lol I’m from North Carolina, and its all over the place... recently we had weather where it was 90-ish degrees outside (Fahrenheit), then a tornado, then snow. 

All in three consecutive days
this guy was featured on Extreme Love. Gf'z hot
Squirmy and grubbs!! I love you guys!!
Wait aren’t you a youtuber?
Why does OP's dog look like a stuffed toy dog? I know the labrakablam is a real type of dog, but they always look fake.
My dog is my best friend. If I had to choose between my dog and my boyfriend  I would choose my dog. He is a chihuahua so he weighs less than almost everything. I love him so much.
A wonderful smile
Amazing! Love you and Hannah!! 
Congrats on your engagement!!
Saw you on Special Books by Special Kids and just absolutely think you are amazing and so is your girl. Keep on keepin on brother
I’m praying for you Chief! I look up to you and your strength. God bless you and your finance/wife!
I love your channel, keep up the good work Shane!
Just gonna laugh at your nightmare. Love ya man
Is that a self roasting thing or something? You are a brave man! I like your sick sense of humor sir.
Bro I’ve seen one of your posts before, you’re so damned wholesome, keep it up!
Hi Shane! I love your videos!
I'll be honest, I thought your head was photoshopped at first, then I realized and felt like an ass. But then I remembered there was a dog in the picture and totally forgot about you.

Gorgeous pupper my dude! And enjoy Florida, now is about the only time the place is tolerable from what I hear.
Where’s the girl? She always with you when posted on reddit.
This is such a cute pic! Love how your dog sits like a person lol 🐶
What a good looking pup!
No homo but both you and your dog are so cute!
Best friends!
Cute puppy, (blue shirt fits the dog well) what breed is it?
Cuties!
Man she posed for the picture that's amazing
Ummm I know you!
Squirmy and Grubs!
Thanks for sharing. Cute dog btw
Why has this YouTube channel suddenly become so popular and pushed on my recommendations?  All for it but it’s weird.
Nice
ahhhhhhh
This is to cute
Hey Shane!!
Now you're Reddit famous
I thought this was bad Photoshop and then read your description of your challenge on first post. I didn't even know this disease was a thing. I'm super super stoked you're getting to kick it in the bollocks. Does this mean if the progressive wasting has finished, that something like rDNA shots like the old Jintropin would pack on muscle for you?
I can't recall where, but I've seen a picture of you somewhere else, could've been Youtube.  Real talk, your girlfriend is pretty smoking.
She's so stinking adorable, thank you very  much for sharing this I really needed the happy vibes today!
Shes a total cutie!
Oh cool I watch you on YouTube, you're hilarious!
Hi shane! Love you! Say hi to the gals for me!
Big poodlie dogs are the best! Im happy you have each other.
I hope you get better bub.


>we were meant to live for so much more
I know it sounds like bullshit but A dog is the bestfriend you could ever ask for. Love and take care of her and for her entire life you will be her whole world, but I didn’t need to tell you that. This is really awww.
Awww. I remember you from tumblr
Not trying to be rude in any way, but is it easy to keep your head lifted? Once again just curious
Squirmy and Grubs!!!! Love yall on youtube!
That doggy is full of love. Everyone knows love is very heavy.
She looks like sweet couch hog . Is that what a poodle looks like that doesn’t have a fancy hair cut?
Your spoo is gorgeous!
You picked a good time to get out of town. It’s -10 here tomorrow.
My wife is a very big fan of yours! She watches you all the time, I recognized you from all the videos she shows me haha
Loves dat dog!  I enjoy your channel!  Very funny, keep being you!
Yassss Queen!
She probably loves you more!
Glad you have a nice pupper like that by your side.
Seen yall on SBSK. Love your story.
You know  about   Zolgensma ? Its a really expensive drug who uses modified virus with a healthy copy  of the  gene SMN1. The  effect  of this  remedy can last  up to  a decade with  a single dose.
Do you work at Barstool Sports?
Thats a cute dog and so big!!!! Or maybe it is big to me because my dog is 5 pounds 😆
aw....she is adorable. and she is posing for the pic too.
Ayy you're that guy with the big dick energy.
Love seeing you, your pup, and your fiancée on here from time to time! I hope you’re having a great day!
I forgot what app I was on and I was like hey it's shane! Oh shit he's on the front page of Reddit.
You look like a cool dude😎🤙
She's a beauty ❤️
