Love the second face.

"What do you mean I need a bath"
My dog also does this. The first thing he does when we get to the park is find a mud puddle and roll around in it. He'll do it atleast 5 times during our park visit, making sure to coat his whole body in a nice layer of filth. Then he looks at me like I'm a monster during his bath later. Dummy hasnt figured out that mud=bath yet. He's the best.

[Dog tax](https://ibb.co/CM7ncNk)

[And another](https://ibb.co/7tKmcgv)

[One more](https://ibb.co/6Y54Hvx)
I know OP aint claiming the dog is theirs but here is what seems to be the original post

&#x200B;

[https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/epyyjz/a\_muddy\_pup\_is\_a\_happy\_pup/](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/epyyjz/a_muddy_pup_is_a_happy_pup/)
This puppers name is Onni and he can be found on Instagram @onnisamoyed (these photos also can be found there)
Was he wearing a mask?
Have seen this pop up often here and it's generally stated to be a staged image.  No dog is ever perfectly clean in the face like that unless they're wearing some sort of goggles, and even then you'd see the goggle lines.

&#x200B;

Edit: also, no dirt anywhere in the background.  No muddy dog shake mud all over the mirror.
Looks like a dog wearing a dog costume
Are you Sure that’s same dog?
Okay so I’ll be that guy. There’s no way this wasn’t “arranged” with a little help from some human hands. A dog uses their nose-end very enthusiastically when it comes to things like mud and dirt.
But did he(she) have a good time?!?! 😍😍
REEEEEPOOOOOSTT
His face is not muddy so that means you ended the play date to early
I spy the Berner! They’re always into mud and puddles.
No it isn't, it's a repost
Where’s the repostbot?
Background Berner!
Lmao he looks like he's wearing a dirty dog costume! Or Chewbacca lol
LinkedIn/Tinder
Bruh that's a bear
Now that is an Ewok
Well the dirtier they are, the more fun they had.
Fluffy and spikie
I think there's a dog in that pile of mud.
You should see the other guy
Tanooki suit
Was he wearing a mask
It looks like he is wearing a hoodie
Looks like chaka from land of the lost.
This is staged. There’s no mud on the floor and the circle around is face is perfect.
This gets reposted too often. Dogs are not the same and the dirt on the right is fake or staged.
Doggo goes in as a preppy kid and comes out as a goth.
I already saw that before, probably this is a repost
That must've been one hell of a play date!
 [https://www.reddit.com/r/photoshopbattles/comments/eq2zy3/psbattle\_a\_dog\_covered\_in\_mud/](https://www.reddit.com/r/photoshopbattles/comments/eq2zy3/psbattle_a_dog_covered_in_mud/)
He seems kinda upset after the date
There goes my browser history after every time
another repost!
Reposted
Anyone know what sort of dog this is?!?
Looks like a teddy bear.
That is worth a belly laugh. Hysterical.
reminded me of the first book i ever checked out of the library.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harry_the_Dirty_Dog
Instantly made me think of the book "Harry the Dirty Dog", where Harry the dog gets so dirty his family does not recognize him.
I think you mistakenly brought home a baby Bigfoot
It’s like he’s wearing a tanooki suit
Mistakes were made.
You used an emoji you normie
Careful.  That is not your dog.  It's an adolesent Grizzly Bear.
Trying to hide from Cruella like
Ew emojis
He looks like he’s wearing one of those animal onesies in the second pic
A muddy doggo is a happy doggo!
This boy passes the vibe check tbh
"Is there something in my fur?"
Looks like a dog in a dog suit.
That's a terrible Chewbacca cosplay
Looks like a Halloween costume.
His face is so perfectly clean!
I also had a white shepherd just like this one! He was the best.
One day he rolled in horse sh1t and came back to me GREEN! Yuck!
It looks like he is in scuba gear and just took off the goggle parts.
u/hauptsachedabei
I think I'm in love!
I like how he’s sadder in the second picture, as if he’s disappointed in his own dirtiness.
Did he have a mask on? Lol
How is his face so clean?
10/10 still a good boy.
Happy boy
Looks like Mario in the Tanooki suit.
"I regret nothing."
Han: Get in the ship Chewie!
Nice EWOK costume
Awww haha
Muddy buddy
You dirty dog! 😂
Looks like you brought home a baby bear after the playdate, go retrieve your pupper! 🥰😂
Enjoy your pet brown bear now
They pulled the old dog-switcharoo on you bro
umm.... so.. bath-time seems to be in order Lol
Where did the dog go...
Are you sure that is your dog?  His snout is even a different color.
How did he keep his face so perfectly clean from the rest of the outfit??? LOL THIS IS SO CUTE!!!! He knows what's coming next. lol
Looks like he had fun :)
Perfectly clean face and no mud tracks around him? How does that work? Mmmmm...
He looks even cuter with the mud.
Reverse President pup!
Man, that's ruff.
Doggo went from :D to :|
You can’t even get mad it’s muddy because it’s so damn adorable
Almost as if you intentionally got him dirty so you could take a picture. 

But you wouldn't do that
I am pretty sure that is not the same dog. One is white and one is yellow. Mud doesn't change the underlying coat color.
he protecc

he attacc 

but most importantly

he need a bath
Looks like a Successful play date
Thanks for posting, it made me super happy.
Second face. Damn, Mom is gonna give me a bath. Not really remembering the fun part yet.
His face is untouched lol!
Omg!!!! This is so cute!!!!!
reverse watchdog man
Looks like the kid from *Where the Wild Things are*
Looks like a good time was had!
The second picture looks like what would happen if you face swapped the puppy with a bear
Look like doggy had a blast.
How much fun did that pup have!, good owner that lets him play like that
"I have zero regrets...do what you will."
left = cloud; right = fart I love Samoyeds
Ah now how he keep his face so clean.. and his coat looks golden in the second one, is it the same dog ?
Now who’s that cute doggy in the top left ?
Best playdate ever!
That pup had a very good day.
The pic on the right makes it look like he's wearing a mask....... undercover pup.
Come on I am not taking a shower., I just took one yesterday
Halloween costume
Wooooow
How is his face still relatively clean? That's skill.
That's about right. The mudpuppy look. From what I've seen though as soon as they dry it just falls off and they look clean again. Their fur tends to shed dirt pretty well.
Reminds me of the original Sonic the hedgehog movie design.
Look! An Ewok!!
I hadz sooooo much fun, though!!!
Pretty much my wife before and after going to the hairdresser. 

It was fine before, really !
He looks like he’s wearing a monkeys suit
I need to DOG let met DOG!!!!
You sure it's the same dog?
You sure it's the same dog?
T-this reminds me of RJ???
He a bear now
He says, “You were right...hair dye is not the proper use of mud”
aw my heart..
That doggo had F-U-N !!!!!!!!
Someone rolled a druid for this campaign
Ummmmmmmmmmmmmmm
The second picture is the moment you realize you dun goofed.
hes like a lil bear
Its a bear
Bears. Beets. Battlestar Galactica.
OMGGGGGGGG
"What the hell happened here?"
What breed of dog is this?
BLACKED
looks like the dog is wearing a dog costume lmao
what kind of dog is that? its so cute!
I came here for the u/SchnoodleDoodleDo poem! Very cute dirty boi.
“Hello, Мамочка, I am become bear!”
Don't feed it after midnight!
Duny?!
Is that Governor Northam's dog?
Hey! Where'd the first dog go?
that st bernard had nothin to do with it.
How is his nose so clean?! One of the first places my dog gets dirty is on his nose because he's sniffing around.
How did he keep his face so clean?
/u/nicebus
He looks like he thinks he's in trouble.
It looks like he killed a darker doggo and is now wearing its skin
Yet another example of a pawlitician in blackface. Disgraceful.
This reminds me of when you get the Racoon suit for Mario in Mario 3.
Yet another example of a pawlitician in blackface. Disgraceful.
Someone had a good time!
I see you've got a mud room, there. That's going to be handy.
Ohhh he’s muddy! I was so confused, I thought OP traded dogs or something
this is like a 'when you swear off partying ever again' meme
He cosplay as a teddy bear!
awwww he looks like pooh bear
Brown hoodie?
On the left,

Canis Cloudicus

on the right,

Canis, holyshityouneedabath
Is that Justin Trudeau's dog?
Righty there is wearing white face! Lol
How did he happen to keep his face so clean? My dogs would be almost the opposite and dive in face first lls
Sonic the Hedgehog.
It looks like an Ewok cosplay.
Had fun. Don't judge.
Started off with a cloud ended with a wookie
Looks like you put him in a bear costume.
r/powerwashingporn follow up?
"Hey watch this."  

"Shhh I'm in disguise as a brown bear!"
I'm convinced that you people have replaced having kids with having dogs.
Omg so cute
What is this dog's breed?
Start of 2020 vs now
Holy crap! Ha!
Adorable..Bet you don't have white towels at your lol.
Before and after reposting
Wow this dog is something else!!!!! So cute x
same dude
The second picture looks like cursed ratatouille 




Look I serve you some shit and mud as your finale course 


Thank you I'm going to enjoy it to the fullest by rubbing it all over my body~


*later* 
I am cute hedgehog now. Not to rip the mud out my fur nicely with poison that cleans and a towel containing poison! Then I'll be floof again! :3
Why only his face is uneffected? That’s your little chewbacca!
Success!
Apparently y’all haven’t seen dogs drink
Once in elementary school I had a new friend over to my house. We had a bit of property (not common in the city I lived in) and we had an awesome play structure. My new friend and I decided to play on the slide despite a big mud puddle being at the bottom. My mom was horrified when she saw us, because she was worried my friends mom would panic and never let us hang out again. Her mom is an amazing lady and we were friends for 15 more years.

She looked exactly like this.
What a teddy bear
lol What happened??
I have a dog that has mostly white fur. She HATES being dirty. She'll follow me into the shower and get in with me almost every day, just so she can stay clean.
First picture, puppers face just screams, “play date!?! So many sticks?!? Other doggo friends!!!! BEST DAY EVEEEERRRR!!!!! Woohooo!!!!”

Second picture, puppers face, “I’ve... ive made a huge mistake.” Lol
Life Hack: Cheap Chewbacca costume for your dog
Excuse me I think you brought back a bear cub not ur pupper
LOL!!!!!!!!
Hahahahaha!!! So cute!
Looks like someone's doing Ewok cosplay!
Samoyeds are probably my 2nd favorite breed after the little guy in the top left.
/awww... HELL NAH!!!
How did he keep his face so clean??
True or not true after reading the responses that many have me laughing loudly. This is a cute post. However, his image reminds me of a Dairy Queen Dipped cone; instead he's dipped in Mud instead of chocolate.  lol Ok.  Or maybe, it's just me craving ice cream.  lol Fun Share. Cheers. :-)  (P.S. The clean face....hmmmmn  I have NO IDEA how.. But, I will let that rest as is.  :-) lol Cute to me.
Staged or not, I hope they walked home because I hate to think of what the inside of the car looked like.
It's all fun and games until it time for a bath
Once you go black you can’t go back
There could be a 3x3 puddle of water an inch deep. I'm convinced my dog will find a way to cover himself in mud with it
Cute dogo !

Cute DogOoOoOO ?!?!
He was in the blast zone of the *shart*
the way he preserved his face so perfectly
It’s all fun and games until you have to take a bath
2nd picture: "Ok first, promise you won't be mad."
Pup in the back looks like mine haha
#He hath been Reborn
The “I’m going to have fun today” smile vs the “I had fun regrets” stare....
I don't get it. Just a pic of a polar bear and a grizzle bear.
[Poor Leno] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B4px0qQrG5E)
Right photo looks like a baby bird before its feathers are fully fledged.
Is that his muddy buddy in the background of the first pic?
But mom I'm not having fun if I have to stay out of the mud....he is so cute even when covered in mud from head to toe
It’s a dog in a dog suit.
He looks like he has a costume on that has a cut out for his face.
What kind of dog is this
He looks like a porcupine in the right photo
This is impossibly cute.
What breed is he?
That second picture is a dog wearing a little brown bear costume
You should double check. I think someone stole your dog and replaced them with a stuffed toy.
He turned into a cuddly werewolf
Still the goodiest of good boys!
Sock monkey lookin ass dog
Turned from a snowball into Winnie the Pooh
The face in that second picture: “see, what had happened was...”
Started with a dog and ended with a bear lol.
I like how the face somehow managed to stay clean.
u/cyna_moon post it to r/pics this us incredible
its a were-good boy!
I think he had fun
ITS LIKE HES WEARING CLOTHES
I can't decide which look is cuter.
Has the polyjuice potion taken it’s full toll yet?
Looks like a pup in a cub costume
I like the look on its face in the after picture "ugh, mom.. why are we in the bathroom?!"
The second photo's the face of a dog that knows fun was had but bath time draws near.
How long would it take to bathe  dog that messy? Is that an all day affair?
Oh Samoyeds. The big cloudy derps.
Omg! How did they keep his face clean?!
This is so cute
Ugh
Looks like the dog remake of the monster from Nightmare at 20,000 Feet.
I feel like the second picture is thoroughly representative of my five-year-old daughter when she gives me those great-big, innocent, wide eyes, and says, "No, Mommy. I didn't play with your makeup! I promise!"
At first I thought you had died your dogs hair.
Nobody cared who I was till I put on the mask...
Torille!
[deleted]
Ruh Ruh Ruh REPOST
After looks like "Where the wild things are"
What kind of fluff cloud is this?
Before and after going to war
Aww
Some how I see Gordon Fuck’n Ramsey. Where’s my fucking lamb sauce!!!!!!
Now post the bath to r/powerwashingporn and reap that sweet, sweet karma.
This isn't yours~

https://tineye.com/search/69dc34d2bf858ae13b6ad7639006d0c3f11444b6?page=1
That "Oh shit" face doe!
What kind of dog
Looks like it’s in a bear costume in the second pic, love it!
Definitely Photoshop
The after picture is the best!
SOMEBODY had a good time, lol!
"Before and after blind date."
Living my best dog life!
i hate to be this person in a thread and i'm really not trying to be a debbie downer, but (and i mean this seriously) i am going to need your dog.
Cute
This dog is happier than me as a child
Getting real studio ghibli vibes front the second image
How come dogs don't get muddy faces?
I'm honestly shocked the face is so clean
“I’m Batman”
Oh! This is dog play very good!!!
Lmao
This was set ...
Was he wearing a mask or something?
Oh thank the gods it isn't just our dog that can't stay clean!
The dog in the background is more photogenic then I’ll ever be
He said *after* the elevator.
Hey, your pupper changed from a good dog to a good bear :)
How I feel after going to a burn
repost...the one on the right was posted a while ago...these aren't the same dog
Reminds me of the pictures that were going around of kids before and after a day of school
Did he wear a mask to his play date?
Looks like the guy (drummer?) from limp bizkit
At least you only need to wash 96% of it.
Derped to the extremo!
Cute!
Why is he wearing a BatDog costume?
Looks like an adorable Teddy Bear. I want both of them.
Racist
What kind of dog is that? It looks super soft
what type of dog is this?? they're so cute!
Lolol!
Cute pic
Just adorable with the mud!
Im like 150% sure you brought a bear home
In the second pic he looks like dog version of Ian McKellen.
How did he keep his face clean?
This is why big dogs shed so much. They naturally clean themselves by shedding.
Where the wild things are...
Is this dog’s name Chief by any chance?
That dog has been through some shit
Fake. Have 8 dogs and the VERY first thing to get dirty is the face. Its cute though


How in the world did he keep his face clean?
This has to stop. Halloween costumes for dogs now?
Playdate? Pls explain to a peasant
Looks set up or fake. He’s beyond filthy, yet his face and the floor are completely clean???
Oy vay
u/natela12
I too wear masks during my Playdates.
damn cute either way
Looks like a costume in the second photo.  Too funny.
I love he manages to get it everywhere but his face.
Blatant repost, gotta get that karma amiright.
Looks like a little bear on the right
Cuckold caption
Reminds me of my kid's book "Harry the Dirty Dog".
He regrets nothing
Cuteness overload!
Went from a dog to a bear.
At least it's not this, [Link](https://imgur.com/gallery/0TJ7bu6).
"You allowed me to do this."
It went from a polar bear to a grissly bear
puppers on the right has the look of "i wasnt fucking done with playtime!"

aka "bark bark woof"
Lmaooo howww
Was he wearing a mask???
Anyone else think he be looking like an ewok
Omg!!!!
He said *after* the elevator.
Pictures like this is why my girlfriend won’t let me get a big white cloud
Legosi?
comcermed booi
The opposite of black face
what breed of dog is this?
Why is there a bear in your house?
Must’ve tried anal on that date..
i spot a berner
[Reminds me of Ian McKellen](https://imgur.com/a/uSqMjgf)
Snow bear v mud bear
Harry the Dirty Dog😂
Do what you must, for I have already won.
I needed this
This is the ideal pic for that "bad at math" birdie meme 🤣
Lol
Отличный прикид у собаки. И судя по выражению морды, ей очень даже нравится. Скоро будет просить что-нибудь новенькое надеть)
u/kromulent
good doggie!
Dirty boi
Clearly different dogs
It’s really brings out its features. I mean look at those eyes!
This is racist, he’s got on “WHITE FACE”
Do I get to repost this next week
I'm laughing so much, why is his face clean!?
Haters will say this is photoshopped.
This is fantastic, I love your puppy.
How does his face not be dirty
He played so hard he turned his fur white!
shit, I brought the wrong dog home with me
So one minute you're having a play date, the next you have a whole new dog? This is highly unethical.
No emojis.
Thats camouflage
Awww cute as hell. By the way i may sound dumb but am gonna ask: did they clean the dog’s face or did it manage to keep the face clean?
Wow. What kind of dog is that. It’s awesome!
I had a good day
He is wearing the skin of his kind
Looks like a baby bear in after photo💞
What kind of dog is this? It’s gorgeous.
That’s how far his tongue reaches when it’s flopping at full gallop
We all know that's a Japanese lion on the right..
He turned into a Labrador in a dog costume
Getting real down and dirty!!
Nice costume
He knows that he is getting a bath.
Tanooki suit
clearly staged, people saying hurr his fur on his face is short and doesn't hold mud, go jump in mud even with no fur on your face mud is going to stay there
Face perfectly clean with symmetric lines, I call BS
Well, looking at his stats after he evolved
It’s beautiful😍
No mud on the snout makes me suspicious.
I love the self cleaning mode dogs have. 
My brother thought he had it too by the smell of him.
Looks like the latter pic the dog is wearing a costume. Adorable pup.
I’d love to see this pup on r/powerwashingporn Wednesdays.
Imagine the part of you that you stick up peoples asses being the cleanest
Dual monitor wallpaper right here
OMG so cute 😍😍
looks like someone had lots of fun
he looks like he slipped into a bear-suit onesie
It was a good day
“I’m just a little black rain-cloud...”
ALl say second face says "What do you mean I need a bath.  


To me it looks like "I made a mistake, get that brown stuff offe me ... so I can do it again"
In my head he was swimming in the mud doing a backstroke and that’s why only the front of his face is clean
That's hilarious! Because it's not my dog so I don't have to clean it up!
Ive made a severe lapse in my judgement
Regrets.  I haz none
Watts will get his trilogy before Gunn
Suddenly I feel better about the dirt my dogs incur.
That was a good time right Dur
what a goood pup
Hahaha
2nd pic reminds me of Legosi
When you buy that Chewbacca costume on Ali Baba
Looks like it went perfectly well!
That's the same dog?
Your polar bear became an American black bear
Tanooki suit!!!! <3
Looks like the character towards the end of Midsommar
Well, you need that camouflage. There's no snow!
You have a new dog!
I regret nothing!
Reminds me of Isle of Dogs
Awwwww i love dogs❤❤
I have 7 dogs and they're a pain in the ass but me and my mom and dad love them all
He’s wearing Mario’s Tanooki suit
omggggg yes
My bulldog pup always does this when we take her out to the woods! ha ha
Rain cloud vs thunder cloud
What do I do? 
Having a dog get that muddy is hilarious
The trials of owning a white dog
Lol!!
Looks like Tanooki Mario
u/giorgiaccamo
He looks like a wet version of simba from the lion king
??? Before the play date looks like after a bath??
Is her name Rachel Dolezal?
Photo shop.  Photoshop.
What dog is that?
Look how much mud your dog ate, maximum tongue extension range covers the whole face, giving that caked-in dirty-clean adorable look.

Not that unhealthy, Gene Simmons removes make-up the same way
He looks like Cory Haim.
Tanooki Mario
He looks like he just got handed an Acme bomb, lol
He looks like he is wearing a bear costume.
Yep. And looks so smug too.
Hi beautiful Bernese in the background!
Lol
His face says it all
I dont even think these dogs are the same 😂
It was a good day.
From real life dog to Isle of Dogs dog
Clean dog Dirty dog
omg so cutee
When my kid was little it was only considered a succesful park trip if i had to hose him down after💖
He had FUN
I have a red and white Malamute and even when he's a bit dirty it doesn't"stick". However when my son comes home with Jack's BFF, a big boxer named Tank Monster... It's a different story! Jack ends up looking like he's playing in the remake of Kujo😲
Ha!
He looks so disappointed
Lololololol
How on earth did he keep his face so clean?
Such a cute boy
Rrrrepost
A totally diffrent doggoooo
Gotta keep the face clean, if you know what I mean
Is that an emoji I see
Looks like a completely different dog. Bath time must have been fun. LOL
When a dog dates a dog with a fetish....
Pawcupine
was he wearing a mask
Second pic reminds me of Duffy bear from Disney land 😂
Looks a little confused.
Berner owner here. That berner probably talked him into it.
There's a possibility the other person's dog came back whiter..
He has turned to grass
Pic on the right r/AccidentalWesAnderson
Looks like he’s got a werewolf suit on
HE EVOLVED!!!!
well at least the face is still clean
I row right! That’s rusually the last thing the get clean on my ray blates.
Oh. My. God.

"I'm already wet, why do I need a bath?"
Looks like Sonic the Hedgehog from The Witcher Live Action
S H O O B
What breed is this? It looks like a short haired sammy
Was he wearing a scuba mask?? Lol
I don't know why but r/blursedimages
Well he managed to keep one place clean! 😀
Not the same dog
Looks like a cross between artic and brown bears
Before: “OBOYOBOYOBOYOBOY”

After: “Mistakes were made.”
Bro how da fuck you got 103k upvotes with an emoji
I love how is fave isnt dirty at all
GAWD I had to laugh out LOUD. How did s/he keep the face clean???
r/oddlysatisfying
I see no difference, only a good boi in both pictures
What kind of dog is that?
Sometimes a beard just does something for guys?
Haha!
This projection of intrahuman interactions onto animals is disturbing. Playdates for dogs now?

Dogs aren't children.
He looks like a llama with those colours
Job well done!
I’ve seen this 100 times and ur the only one who got rewarded for this repost
ohh my goash!! WHAT A CUTE DOGU!!
I hope you have a large tub!
decisions were made
It's fur probably grows and is shaped very effectively.y  
Notice how almost none of the mud is around it's eyes/mouth/nose so it can still see/smell/taste even if it literally rolls around in the mud.
Its called a mud mask. Its suppose to revitalise the fur causing a fluffy effect. 🤩🥰
Legosi-kun !
Wait, this only has 108k upvotes? ONLY 108K?! THIS NEEDS MORE UPVOTES!!
Once you go black......
Looks like the ending to Midsommar
Raccoon suit from Super Mario 3
/u/rosewatergirl22 I need a playdate like this
What kind of bear is this?
Okay, cute picture, but just admit that this is fake. A dog does not have a perfectly clean face after playing in mud. You definitely covered him in mud yourselves. Stop fishing for upvotes.
Why did you bring home the other person's brown dog OP!?!?
That's hilarious! The after picture is an instant classic!
today is the day before laundry day
Pretty simple....The dog parent cleaned the dogs face and around her to show how dirty the dog was. How else would you see how white the dog is without first wiping her face? Very cute picture.
repost also fake image also not even same dog
Hilarious 😂😂😂. Made my day!
Love this repost!! :)
Somebody had a GREAT time 👍👍👍🤣
This dog looks like Ian Mckellan
He looks so ashamed 😂😂 no worries pupper you're adorbs!!! But definitely getting a bath.
First pic: Top 10 pictures taken before disaster 🤣🤣
He trying to hide from the predator!
Omgggggg hahaha this is amazing!
Looks staged. There’s no way a pup gets that dirty and keeps a perfect circle of clean around their face. There’s just no way lol
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Bet he had a Gurrrate time🐶😀
He looks like a hairy man in the second one 😂😆
TOBY! Get out there! 😄
Could it be clean from a water dish?  Probably got thirsty playing in the mud!
I can smell him🤣🤣🤣
Can you say “trunk liner” 😃
😁😕 the look in those eyes after play date are too cute
Looks like he's wearing an ewok costume 😂
Omg love 🐾❤️
😍
Looks like the guitarist from limp Bizkit
Is it me or does dogs face looked photoshopped into the second picture lol
Haha Omgawd so freakin cute 😊😂
[ITT](http://i.imgur.com/381XXJ0.jpg)
😂😂
Day 8,232... still no dog 😔
sei bellissimo (scherzo)
It’s like their avatar is wearing a temporary skin 😅
If I gets dirty I dont mind, but my face is too pretty for muck🤗 such a cute doggo😋
I no need cleaning human. Im self efficient!
Bullshit
Im gonna say fake.
Go to the bath ! 😂
Unbelievably cute 😍
Downvoted

Because OP stole this from someone else. Its not even OP's dog.
He was avoiding accusations of blackface.  Clever.
Are you suuure this is the same dog??? Lol that second face! Spotless!!!!
The doggo went from polar bear to grizzly bear
That just made my day, thanks!
Inverted Michael Jackson
Why did you take the other persons dog?
Those are 100% two different dogs. Look at the fur color and eye color.
Ugh I hate the word "playdate"
Looks like the opposite of eating ass before she told you she had diarrhoea
could have at least used two photos of the same dog
Pup can’t go back....
Ugh, yea that's pretty disgusting. This dog is *badly* in need of some training.
😂😂😂😂😂
Doesn't even look like the same dog😍
i see no change, this is the same picture and you cant convince me otherwise
