Nonono, come back immediately. I will not stand for this!
how can I play this in reverse?
Sadness! :( But so cute
BRING HER BACK.
Bye friendo :(
Play mode deactivated
So much flufffff
Me on prom night as my date leaves the after-party with Derek.
This is the part in the Disney movie where the humans are clueless to the dogs efforts to save the kids and ripped the dogs apart. Nice going, humans. Real nice.
You can see the *exact* moment that did realized his friend wasn't coming back :(
And IIIIIII will alwaaaays love youuuuuuu
Honestly the most heartbreaking part of breaking up with my last girlfriend was that when I was driving away I could see her dog in the window watching me and I knew we would almost certainly never see each other again. I was dating her when she got him as a puppy. Fucking heart wrenching man.
I think my heart just melted
He can finally fart now
This actually made me sad
...n now is time for 'bye', my friend

i'll watch you from the door!

i wish this day would *never* end

n we could play some more . . .

'*Tomorrow can she come again?!*'

am wagging my 'goodbye'

'*I'LL WAIT RIGHT HERE FOR YOU, MY FREN!!*'

am trying not to cry . . .


i see you there - you in the back

the car is moving on

n now my tail

is hanging

s    
l    
a    
c    
k

.  . . am *sad* . . . . .

Best Friend

is

gone 

💔
My tail does exactly the same when my date leaves :o
Right there. That's genuine emotion 💛
omg awwww *crying*
/u/vredditshare

EDIT: Hi! Unfortunately, I am banned in that subreddit so I couldn't reply to your comment. I was still able to reupload your video though! https://imgur.com/Oe8e5YW.gifv
Aw this is breaking my heart. Bring her back!!
Just invite her back over for a double date with y'all
Call your vet if their tail stays up for more than four hours though.
NOOOOOOOOOOO WHY. I'm going on vacation today and I have to take my dog for his first kennel trip, it was hard enough already lol. This is adorable.
Me too buddy....me too
I say awww involuntarily everytime I see a post from this subreddit in my popular feed without even realizing which subreddit's post I'm looking at. Every god damn time, lmfao.
u/vredditdownloader
The happier the play date, the harder goodbye.
Holy hell, that hurt me in the feels.    Dogs are too pure for us.
"Hello darkness my old friend..."
Please tell me they got back together
Everyone has heartbreak
Omg bring her back!
"I'll be happy again, it's just gonna take me a while, ok?"
I have a husky and my sister has a Australian Sheppard that are the same age. When we get them together they play as hard as 2 dogs can. There is always a weird period when they leave where they get depressed. She watched her a week when we went on vacation and that was the worst. We had to get them together again because they both stopped eating.
Even a dog has a date and I’m alone
I can't decide if I should upvote this or downvote it, you monster. 💔
I miss you already,please come back soon.
Don't worry there are plenty of puppers out there
The blues is too much q.q
Story of my life
saD:
try not to cry, cry a lot
I didn’t need to feel this sad this early in the morning.
But that was a sad aww.
Anybody else hear the theme from Romeo & Juliet?
Saddest love story ever seen :(
Geez, this hurt.
Me when my girlfriend has to go home after a date
If you look closely you can actually pinpoint the exact moment his heart breaks in two.
🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺
Wait so it works just like a penis?
YOU BRING HER BACK RIGHT NOW!
That tail droop was so dramatic, I can feel the doggo’s sadness
I fucking cried a little bit.
Well if that ain't r/aww I don't know
Hey, I've had things just droop like that, too, after my dates leave. Just sayin.
More and more I think of dogs like perpetual two year olds.  Would react similarly when a playdate ends.
Awwwww😁👉😭
Aww.... I hope they meet again :(
Nooooo.... don't leave me!!❤❤❤❤
Its enough to make a grown man cry
Dog had a date today. I did not.
Oh.... puppy love is the cutest.
He deserves all the pets
"Valentine's is over. Please return to your dog bed."
*sad awwoo noises*
Oh no :(
BRING THEM BACK BRING THEM BACK!
The slow creep down at the end really tugged on the heartstrings
heartbreaking !! get that magical happiness fur ball back !!
Awwwww 😂😍 tail down looks like, imagine when a human would sigh out loud.
(Technically an animation)

/

\

/

\

/

\

/

\

|

|

|

|

|

|

The point is that the / and \ were the dog’s tail wagging and then the | is when it’s tail stopped wagging.
Awe
/u/vredditshare
/u/vredditshare
Aww, missed his friend
Aw, poor baby. When is she coming back?
I know how he feels.
Something just broke...ah forget it, it was my heart.
Aww ..poor guy! Lol, he was in love it looks like!
Ah gads, right in the feels.  And posting this on Valentine’s Day?  Heartless.
Bring her back
Awwww! Oh no!
Aww.. that's so sad
Poor baby
living next door to alice by the smokie starts playing
Hello darkness my old friend
Too early to be crying on Valentine’s Day
At the end : squirrel!?
r/me_irl
til next time my love...
Thanks I’m sad now  •_•
Bring her back you monster!
SQUIRREL!!! 🐿
I Don’t ever want to see this negativity again
That was the saddest, most relatable thing I've seen a dog do ever.
That's the saddest thing ever someone hug him!
I wish r/aww would split into two subs. One for "aww, that's really cute" and one for "aww, that hurts a little."

This vid would be in the latter.
Hello darkness my old friend
Not even fair how sad this is. Poor doggo :(
THIS IS UNFAIR on so many level . This cute guy does not deserve this
There aint going to be any fucking tonight buddy :((
I’m pregnant and extra hormonal, and now I’m crying (probably unreasonably hard) over this...
***THIS IS OUTRAGEOUS, THIS IS UNFAIR!***
This is the wrong kind of aww :(
This is more sad than my Valentine's Day.  Pretty sad.
You can literally see the exact second he loses hope 😭
I will remember you, do da do do do...
oh noo :(
My heart broke as the tail dropped 💔
Aweeeeeee so sad ‘ma fren’
Cue Charlie Brown Christmas music...
Probably thought right up to the last second, or at least hoped right up to the last second, that they were just running out to the car for something and coming right back.
que "hello darkness my old friend"
YOU BRING HIS DATE BACK TO HIM RIGHT NOW
This broke my heart a little bit
back the car up N O W
Mamacita noooooooooo
Oh no poor baby
Well now I'm sad
That's doggone sad.
Thats sad...
You can see the exact moment his heart breaks in two
Poor puppy and it is so cute!
This is pretty much how you would describe a man's penis.
I mean, she *did* get in a car with another man.
awww i want to hug him :(
Breaking news: Internet unified in  demanding doggy playdate resumes immediately.
Such a relatable feeling. “Bye! This was so much fun! Have a safe trip home! See you soon!!! ... :(“
People misinterpret dog tail wagging. Sure, there must be some visual body language component but the main purpose is to facilitate butt sniffing at a distance.
He kept it up as long as possible.
Hello darkness my old friend...
This made me say aww out loud once that tail drooped. So much awwww. Thanks for sharing !!!
Baby come back! Any kind of fool could see...
Great,  now I'm picturing my dogs doing this every time I leave for work in the morning.
here I am 40 years old and had the exact same feeling tonight.  

gf lives with her family and can only stay with me until 12:00 then needs to go back home to sleep.  

wish we could have cuddled in a ball until the morning.  sorry doggo, I know the feeling.

before anyone talks shit, I live in a country with a very traditional culture where children live with their parents until the child gets married and often even still live with one of the couple's parents even after they marry.  so, again, before anyone talks shit, my gf is only 5 years younger than me but the culture here is such that there is no way to stay with your significant other all night.
That moment near the end when they realize they're really gone. So sad.
Would be so much easier to tell what people want if we just had tails
The disappointment isn’t in the face, but in the tail.
*Jurassic Bark*  
  
Sniff*
I love how even the dog gets a date, but I don't.
This is sooo saaad 😭
This dog has a date and i don't
Damn this dog got a date and I can’t even get a girl to talk to me.
awwww  :(
[Fixed!](https://imgur.com/MMv15mj)
The only thing missing is "the littlest hobo" theme song!
Story of my life
Here.. the 1000th comment that the doggo deserved
What A good boi
Fuhhhhhh, I can't handle this on Valentine's day. Bring their friend back right now. I'm not okay and neither is this pupper
Aawwww, poor doggie 😪❤
Awww. Super cute.
I felt that, the person recording this video felt that, we all felt that
I just watched the happenies get drained out of an animal wow
That's the saddest God damn thing I've seen in a while...thanks.
Cue Air Supply.
u/K4_DEVOTEE
Somehow I hear the track to Love Story playing in the background here...
I love how his tail swings are proportional to his hope of his date coming back. 

Its okay buddy, she/he will be back <3
That was sad. I couldn’t finish it.. Can someone give me an update what happened after the dogs tail went down? Did the dog jump out the window and chase the car to an ultimate reunion??
this got to me :(
u/VRedditDownloader
Who says animals had no feelings ?
The same thing happened to me when my date leaves
I felt this
Same.
Awwwwwwww!
No.....
That is literally identical to my dog wth look at my profile for pictures
Poor dog🐶 He’s so sad.
Aww poor doggo
Come with me if you want the pets.
In my house we call that Deflated Doggie Syndrome.
I’m saddened by this true love
At least doggo had a great Valentines day.
Oh noooo
My heart just died.
Poor guy
I've had this same feeling in my life
Awww, this broke my heart a little 💔
😪
Wait just a dog-gone minute.
Why would you ever show this to anyone, it belongs in the belly of the underworld :'( too sad!!!
This is the sweetest, saddest thing I have ever seen.
Same for my front tail when my girlfriend leaves
You could feel his disappointment
😭
:(
Bring the other doggo back right now you monsters.
Stop calling them “doggos.” It’s not cute.
Aww. I felt that. Come back soon!
The heartbreak!
nyoooooo bring back
Poor baby!
It just - floof - down :(
Can relate :(
That is the saddest thing! Breaks my heart.
/r/Watchanimalsdieinside
oh my gosh :(
Poor boi
That's the saddest thing I've ever seen.
I'm crying now
STOP SAYING "DOGGO"

annoying
u/vredditdownloader
You can see the exact moment he’s heart breaks!
Sad dog
It's okay bud, happens to the best of us.
Me after leaving work after spending 8 hours with the girl I’m in to / best friends with
Can relate...happens to me from when my wife hops out of the shower to when she starts putting her makeup on.
am sad now
You monsters bring it back
as if Valentines Day couldn't get any worse
Me when my best friend leaves
Oh my heart.
On Valentine’s Day too?! :(
Awww.. Seeing that tail seems like he's now sad.
Noooo i will not let this happen im sorry dog freind
You tell that fren to return at once!
Awwww... so sad
u/Vredditdownloader
r/WatchDogsWoofInside
He needs another
Dogs' tails connect directly to their hearts.
I've had dates leave like and also the feeling of my tail drooping and going slack as I watched from the window lol
):
It only stopped wagging the trail when the person got it the car. I don’t think he was sad to see the other dog go. Lol
r/petthedamndog
Me when my best friend leaves after spending the whole day together
For anyone needing cheering up after this, watch K'eyush hear the news that his best friend Sherpa is coming to play.

https://youtu.be/HTjz2-K3Uss
So sad
Well that was cute in a sad way.
The story of Romeo and Juliet.
The tail says it all, poor wretched heart is broken.
Where in Asia is this? (re: text at bottom)
I thought he must be missing her, so cute couple :)
Awwwwww 😭
Where in China is this tho.
😭😭 awwwwnnnn
Poor baby :(
This is so me when i drop my S/O back at home
I still love when a doggo is sleeping and you approach it, and they look/pretend to still be asleep except the tail starts going a million miles hr
That's hilarious. No hooky for the pupper
Awww, sniff.
noooooo :(
i wanna see a POV from the other dog, was it equally as sad to go?
At least he has a date
De-rection
Poor bby!
Aww poor baby :(
So cute yet so sad.
THIS
They're in love D:
Instant sadness.
*Plays lonely day by system of a down*
Poor baby :(
I'm all out of love,

I'm so lost without you....
heartbreaking
I demand you bring his friend back immediately!!
P
Tails are odd
u/GifReversingBot

There you go, happy times
I felt that in my soul :-( poor doggo
More like slomo droop
My heart!
she left. she actually left.
My heart can't take this so early in the morning...
Damn I really love dogs.
Oh no. Please com back :(
And they ask you how you are, and you just have to say you’re fine when you’re not really fine
/u/vredditdownloader
My heart breaks for him
Until I got dogs I never got how absurd the idea of dogs playing poker was. They just can't hide their emotions.
Bro dick went limp
It's cute in a different way....
And there my heart broke
me_irl
this happens to me every day about 20 minutes after i wake up. :/
This is how we start our Valentine's Day.
so sad
Oh! This crushed me...
This is just too cute... Happy Valentine's :'(
It's just like my life! ...in a way.
Stoppp im gonna cryyyy
I feel so bad
Omg, I wanna hug him!!
Hello darkness my old friend...
But... but...
Sad
It’s like when your friend stays over on Friday night and then their parents pick them up.
Do people use terms like doggo in real life or just on the internet?
Happy for my furry friend. He has someone that make him feel like this when they leave
You post this on valentine's Day, come on!
WHERE GO

WHEN BACK

*sad oww* *tail drop*
i actually *aww'd* when friend left and saw doggo's reaction.
I absolutely cannot stand these anthropomorphised Asian pet gifs
Its too cute for me
So much disappointment
Not cute!!! Super sad
We’ve all been there bro. Sometimes it feels like your tail won’t wag again
I was listening to a song and the sad part came up just as both dogs looked at each other as the car was driving away... sad.
Pet him pls.
Awwwww
Me when i leave my crush's house
Look how they disappointed my boi
I felt this in my soul.
Awww. There’s always next time, buddy.
Friend*
BABY COME BACK!!!!
 Cute fluffy white tipped tail
awwwwww   :((((
u/vredditshare
Friend*
u/GifReversingBot
Awww, poor buddy.
My heart just broke!
Ban OP
She gone.
r/watchdogsdieinside
u/vredditdownloader
Thanks for making me cry Friday morning.
Heck you hooman
I like that they put the window down for her! At the end she was turned around to look at her boyfriend.
I need Marvin's Room to play as the car drives away
Very sad for the puppin. I hope the date comes back around soon.
BRING HER/HIM BACK RIGHT NOW
This is so sad I wanna cry
Ah bro, got a big hug for you here doggo bro
One day his friend will leave for the least time and he'll have no idea why she never comes around anymore
Still a better love story than Twilight....
I need anime ending music to this heartfelt clip
Holy shit this can make a grown man cry!
poor dog, my heart is broken
Someone please reverse this gif so I can be happy
(Sob)
Jesus. This is fucking sad.
Fuckin' dog gets more ass than I do
/vredditdownloader
Awwww he was heartbroken
Poor thing
⢀⡤⢶⣶⣶⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⢀⣠⣤⣤⣤⣿⣧⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣤⡄⠀ ⢠⣾⡟⠋⠁⠀⠀⣸⠇⠈⣿⣿⡟⠉⠉⠉⠙⠻⣿⡀ ⢺⣿⡀⠀⠀⢀⡴⠋⠀⠀⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⠇ ⠈⠛⠿⠶⠚⠋⣀⣤⣤⣤⣿⣿⣇⣀⣀⣴⡆⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠠⡞⠋⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⡏⠉⠛⠻⣿⡀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠈⠁⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⣠⣶⣶⣶⣶⡄⠀⠀⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⢰⣿⠟⠉⠙⢿⡟⠀⠀⣿⣿⡇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⢸⡟⠀⠀⠀⠘⠀⠀⠀⣿⣿⠃⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠈⢿⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣼⣿⠏⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠙⠷⠶⠶⠶⠿⠟⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
Poor baby
Romeo and Juliet in a nutshell
Not even really a dog person, but that is so adorable that the emotions are so visible with dogs.  I don't hate dogs or anything, just feel like I couldn't properly take care of and love one.
Noooo
My heart 💕
Wow 🤣
Awe that poor baby.
No, not tonight honey...
Did he get any tail?
Sweet poor baby! Oh my goodness!
Might come back - might come back - might come back - oh
I am crying
It's just like his peen
Sad doggy then plays “There Goes My Hero”.
Been there buddy remember to not lose focus it happens to the best of us
The FIRST rule of r/aww club!
Boop
Awww ♥️
u/vredditdownloader
Poor guy... What did he do wrong?!
Same, bro
He stopped waving his tail as he knew it’s time to go ... cute and sad 😭
This is like me when my pals leave.
My heart
One is the loneliest number that you’ll ever see ...
/u/gifreversingbot
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
I would love to see what’s happening in his brain, sweet pup.
cute AF
aww, cute dog
u/gifreversingbot
What breed is the good boi?
Make them come back!  NOW!
Sad but at the same time cute
Poor baby
Just remember your depression after falling in love with somebody during holidays at the sea when you’re 12-13 and (s)he’s leaving and you stay with parents and you’re completely dependent on everything and can’t follow the love of your life.
O my! so sweet
I so felt his pain....
Noooo pls come back, poor doggo
feel so sad for him
You can actually see the exact moment his heart breaks
Me too kid, me too
Saddest ending to this movie ... sadder than titanic and that’s saying something since I left the theater sobbing uncontrollably. 😭😭😭
how you gonna make this man watch another dog go for a ride that hes not getting to go on
 Aw don’t worry brave pooch she will come back soon.
Baby come back, you can blame it all on me. But there was somethin' in everything about cha!
Aww now I’m sad for him
Bring forth the doggo date
Oh my heart.
u/gifreversingbot
u/gifreversingbot
I was not prepared for this on a Friday afternoon :(
Now I want a drama tail.
That is the saddest thing :(
OH FOR THE LOVE OF DOG!
*wagging de-escalates*
This made me tear up on the train :')
I’ve seen that story happen in my pants once before....
when the dog on reddit has a better love life than me

(read: when the dog on reddit has a love life)
Did he then turn around and place his back against the door and sigh heavily while thinking about her?
Poor guy got blue balled
Poor doggo
Awwwwww
I feel you buddy.
Gotta be part husky. The tail is so curly and expressive
/u/gifreversingbot https://m.imgur.com/Oe8e5YW
It's enough to make a grown man cry!
Fluff pals
Me on Valentine's day
Turn that car around RIGHT NOW!!! We must make the tail wag again!
I felt that
That is so funny and simultaneously sad. 

Guys if you want more about real reason why dogs wag their tails you can find a video with explanation in my last post.
You can't be doing this shit lmao. The feel......

THE FEELS!!!!
🎶Baby come back🎶
/u/vredditshare
And now we are all dead inside 🥺
Tooo cute. I might die from all the cuteness!
Mah hart, mah sole.
Give him loves
This is the saddest.video.
Awwwwww he was excited and then disappointed.
i just whisper/gasped "nooooo" in the middle of a very populated meeting. 

&#x200B;

I hope this dog got scritches immediately afterwards.
Caninus amoreous
He's just like:

You're going to get me a toy, right? A gift?

It's deeper in the car, alright?

You need the door shut to get it?

Wait...
Hello darkness my old friend...
That tail went flaccid.
Awwwwwwww :(
I cry
That actually really hurts my heart.
Looks like someone is in lub :)
She doesn't look back.... Brutal.
Story of my life
Sad
Animal cruelty
#mylasttwogirlfriends
😭😭😭😭😭
Awww.
ha so funny
Dog's body language cannot lie.
Hils
All by Myself should start playing immediately
How can I be sad and laughing at the same time....this clip is making me confusion
My dog has a girl friend. She stays weekends and swaps with their owners. He spends 3 days morning when she goes. Super depressed, puts himself in his crate etc.  I feel for the dude.
Does this person live next to a parking lot?
I finally found someone who loves me the way this dog loves his date. Didn't think it was possible but here I am! True love is real.
Heartbreaking
Oh so this is a sad aww and not the cute aww. Well, aww nonetheless!
A far better love story than Twilight
Whyyyy must I cryyyy
Was this supposed to have made me cry?  If so, consider it a success.
That makes me unbelievably sad
😂😂😂😂😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆👌👌👌👌👌👌
Aw!!!! ❤️
Happy Valentine’s Day I guess
I felt my heart break
Get over there and hug him you monster!
top 5 saddest love stories
I thought this was a German shepherd until the tail dropped. My mom's husky will drop her tail exactly like this when her mood changes.
He just got friendzoned
u/Vredditdownloader
Oh that’s so heartbreaking! Give him a cuddle right now!
oh my god no
Its tail was waving goodbye
u/vredditshare
Aaaaand I'm crying
I can relate, my girlfriend is going to a college far away, and we agreed long distance isn't the best. This was me
WidePeepoSad oh nyooo
🎵Baby come back🎵
*Words and statements* 

*Insert meme here*
God spelled backwards is dog.
sick G37
Sad pupper’s off to a rough Valentine’s Day :/
Depression hurts
Awwwwww.....love gone.... again.
😭😭😭
😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 saddest movie ever
They need to bring him back 😭
It's both Sad 😞 Dogs Are Life for me🖤🐕
That’s so easy to read and very human-like 
This dog is so smart kisses to him
Don't worry I'll be his/her date
That made me sad.
Hello darkness, my old friend.
When it just fades away my heart broke
Please hug the pup!!!
You can pinpoint the exact second when his heart rips in half
I am amazed to see the emotional response.  Pretty cool!  I hope his friend comes back!
That doggo needs a hug.
Mods...rule #1???
His heart broke at that moment poor doggy
NOOOOOOO
Sad boy
I AM CRYING
That's the most depressing and yet heart-warming thing I've seen today.
😫😫😫 bring him back now.
Ahhh, my heart 😢
They did not just do that! They did not just leave my boy like that!
That is just incredibly sad.
Poor Baby.
O no my heart broke too! :(
Aww buddy.  I feel bad
Where you at, “It’s FINE!
Just look back, for once....
Awwwwww.
Now thaTs depressing.
My god, dogs really do wear their hearts on their sleeves
😢
I miss you. So much. It hurts.
when my girlfriend leaves
Bring back, bring back, bring back date-doggo to me, to me!🎶
r/WatchPeopleDieInside
Crushing. But you. Can't. Look. Away. 😭
when his tail droop,

i felt that
Damn didn’t even look back at the good boy... guess she must like bad dogs more
😀
So sad
Poor baby, his friend left.
How to cope with the big sad in 1 single step. Just be happy
u/gifreversingbot
That is so cute and sad!!!
/r/WatchDoggosDieInside
Is there video of the dogs together?
Aww
Doggo isn’t a word
Awwwww nooooo :(
wtf even dogs date more than  me... :(
That is so sad 😪
This is so sad! Can we get a Columbian cartel to come run me over?
F for fluffiness (and to pay respect)
This is one of the saddest things I’ve seen :(
Aww, this is so dramatic, in a good heart-tugging way.
😭
Always hoping the other dog is not totaly gone.
At least late. Mine never came. Think about my tail.
[removed]
I’m cry.
Same, but when it's the pizza guy
This is just as sad as the first 10 minutes of Up.
I hate his reaction, bring her back
Poor pupper “Baby come back”
Nooooo
Awwwww
The fact she’s not on-or-off.
Never knew a tail drop could look like a jaw drop.
Unn,  ucnuH,n,&,;:_8o7*he the huh<7iu<I university in <UV pull upnh:,lul1o11lvuncqn,vuNnuunv&;nu.,,h,,n::+_",.,n,v
Awwhhh i wanna hug that pup!
Ahw give him some love!
we all died a little that day...
Me when my dad left me.
u/gifreversingbot
Why am I crying in the club right now
NOOOOO SO SAD F
r/WatchDogsWoofInside
u/vredditdownloader
О - осознание, отчаяние
Oh nooooo
https://vm.tiktok.com/qCLGtn/
Poor dogo! 😭
Poor Baby. She'll be back.
Bitch be leaving bruh

Move on
It's ok if you play it in reverse
Awww poor doggo!
Simp
Awww, so sweet.
I love huskies
🥺💔
"No I can't forget this evening or your face as you were leaving, but I guess that's just the way the story goes......"
“They might come back, They might come back, They might come back......”


“.....nope”
u/vredditdownloader
Awwww  😭
u/vredditdownloader
Adorkable!
Awwww, come back
:(
#I’m mad.
Hey if somebody sees this under the 1k comments already posted... what kind of dog is that?
:( it's ok floof she'll come back eventually
to cheer some people ur/greatdog
Noooooooo!!!!!!! We gotta get them together again stat
it's okay, boys like the tease
u/vredditdownloader
Me too bud, me too
This is TOOOOO sad!!!!
hey! rule 1 here is no sad content!
Someone needs to edit this video to play in reverse.
I relate to this doggo too much 😭😭😭
The slow lowering hurt
/u/vredditshare
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
An entire anime episode in one GIF. F.

Excuse me. I need to badly cut some onions now.
SOMEBODY HUG THAT GODDAMN DOG
If you turn the volume all the way up you can hear the heartbreak :'(
And this is one of the reasons I’m against tail cropping. They use their tails for many things, including communication.
Poor boy
Oh no!!! Come back friend! I can't imagine being a dog and your friends just taking off without any warning...
When you leave the house tomorrow to go work u/rubixrain :)
:(
😪
When a dog has a girlfriend but you don’t ;-;
This is NOT OKIE DOKIE
Ha
Cute
Poor doggo
u/vredditdownloader
I’m crying
yayayayayayayay... yay..... why are you leaving..... no
u/vredditdownloader
*It was more than just his tail that dropped*
Mah hart
YOU BRING THEM BACK RIGHT NOW. THIS IS A THREAT
NOOO THIS IS SO SAD AAA
/u/vredditshare
Here to like because someone reposted
My heart
That hurt my heart, like in pets 2 when the 2 dogs leave the old dog on the farm and he got all upset cause he was alone again.
The rules said nothing SAD
Wrong kind of aww :(
Awww...🥺 Why you do this to my feels? Doggo sad
Sad awoooo
Big oof
Your dick after you nut
So fluff, much sad
This is fucking sad...

Btw, why are my eyes sweating?
it's not even noon where i live and i'm already weeping because of dogs
No :( Bring her back right now :( Poor sad doggo
Heartbroken💔 sad doggo
Saw there’s no better faith than god in this world
They’re called dogs you fucking donkeys
My front tail does the same thing when my date leaves....
The weird obsession people have with saying doggo, I’ll never understand..
Alternatively,  he was bummed his car bomb didn't go off.
Time to get a second dog 🙂
/r/watchpetsdieinside
They’re called dogs* not doggos* imbeciles
NOOOOO DOGGO!!! ;(
