Is there a sub for grown up dogs that still look like puppies?

Edit: Now there is one! All please join r/1or13! :)
Not a single wrinkle or gray hair... what's his secret ?
He loves the snow and turns into a frizzy snowball after a few minutes! Which is also cute! His hair easily mats and he hates being brushed. A little trim keeps both parties happier!
So your puppy's 14 then
This happens with my dog too. He’s 15!
Cute dog, but to be fair, I call all dogs puppies.
My pup is the same. Hes 15. 

https://imgur.com/a/BZ3KFhc
What kind if dog is he? So cute
Still a puppy 😍💕
Forever Pupper
Perpetual Puppy!
Veterinarians hate him. What’s his secret find out now!
So cute.Cherish every single day with them, every single moment.I had to say goodbye to mine on Thursday, and she was 13. Our hearts are so broken.  


If there's anything you're thinking about doing with him, any pics, videos, taking him places, etc., don't wait.Just do it. Start making a list if you have to, and then tick it off as you go. You'll be so glad you did.
He looks like hes 4 months old. This dog is blessed
I'm a 34 year old man with a baby face and the same problem lol
Same thing happened with my aussie. She lived until she was 18(!), could barely walk and  still a lot of folks would ask how old the puppy was.

I was amazed, I could never figure out if it was just because aussie blue merle coats mask the age of the dog so well, or if people were just that out of touch with animals.
Puppers has it right.  Growing up is overr8ted.
Similar to a guy shaving his beard.
Haircut for a border collie?
Healthy boi
That face!!!!!
Perma-puppy!!
Found Paul Rudd's dog!
There's no age limit to be a baby
Keep your dogs looking 6 months old with this one secret.
H, c'mon he's had some work done.
14 months old understood! Haha I love his coffee brown fur mmm so darling!
[deleted]
I have a pug wiener mix that’s 13 and people think he’s a pup still. Till he smiles and shows his one remaining bottom toof
Yes. Yes he is.
14 year old puppy!
Looks young, but you can tell those eyes have seen sh#t.
he'll always be your pupper :)
He looks so innocent but something tells me he is a little devil. In a good way.
We had to put down our 17 yo mini-Aussie last month. She was a very white blue merle and looked like a puppy until nearly the end. Acted like a puppy until probably 15. People were always shocked at Luna’s age. Wonderful friends those aussies. May yours have many more years.
He’ll always be a puppy.
Dammit aussies are so cute
My 15 year dog looks a dying rat, it makes me sad to just look at her
Hey I have 999 karma and it is getting late here.  Can someone please upvote me so I can get on with my life?  Thx in advance.
Omg I would have guessed 14 months! What a sweet pup! 😍
Yes he is (adorable)!
10/10 very good dogarino
Beautiful handsome guy
Beautiful handsome guy
Most adorable grandpa ever!
I love him
Forever puppy
He's adorable years old.
Handsome boy :)
Aww
Ma'am ... I love your dog.
He's so cute!
what breed of dog is he? adorable
Such a young looking puppy. I bet he gets carded all the time.
He is a baby!
Aww so cute! Looks like my aunt's dog Toffee
Aussie?
Awww so sweet! We have two smaller dogs, a 10 year old and a 4 year old and when we take them both to get haircuts the 10year old looks like a pop and the 4 year old looks like a grumpy old man haha
OMG your dog is so cute im gonna barf rainbows! D:
I LOVE HIMMMMM
Agreed!! ❤️❤️
Veterinarians hate him for this one simple secret
He is very cute
I  gasped aloud and i have to say please give him all the hugs cause he deserves all of them
Oh my god my heart just did me a melt
Is that a mini Aussie? I have one and at 9 and a half still looks as young as the day I found him.
Sugar!
What a cute little baby! We used to trim my old dog Lady’s fur around her ears and she instantly turned into a little puppy.
Had a lot of time to perfect those puppy dog eyes, I could pet him forever and give him so many treats!
Got them wise eyes though.
What a heart melter..
Can I age as well as your dog? 😝
14? Doesn't look a day over 4.
Keeshond?
HOW OLD IS YOUR PUPPY??
That dog is 14? I would think he’s a 6-8 month old Border Collie mix. He’s super cute
My dog had the opposite problem.  Starting at about 1 year people thought she was like 14.  Aussie cattle dog
Is this a Border Collie?

An Australian Shepherd?

Some hydrid?

And how does he manage to look that young? What's his secret?!
The Chris Traeger of dogs.

I have a doxie mix that is 6 and looks puppish. We call him a "perma-puppy"
I just trimmed my Aussie's ear floof yesterday. He likes like a young pup!
Cute !
So babyish and cute!
Hah, me without glasses.
Forever young! <3
My 16 year old boy is getting his hair cut in 2 days, I can’t wait!
Holy oh my goodness how sweet😍💕💕💕💕
He’s a fucking beaut
he would definitely get IDd for alcohol
Definitely looks good for his age, he's adorable 🥰
Imma have to see a birth certificate.
Awww reminds me of when we'd haircut our Shepard mix. She was 17 and would get called a puppy too. God I miss her.
Finally a non faker.
Permapuppy!
My mini Aussie is my forever puppy too! He's 7 and everyone thinks we just got him :)
Such an innocent dog 😊😊😊 you lucky you have him!!! May he live 15 more years at least heh ☺
Is he a Merle boarder Collie? I have one that is 14 years old, but when I get her trimmed that short she looks  funny.
Such a cutie
:,) so adorable
What do you feed him?!?! He looks so healthy!!
So, so cute!
What kind of diet does he have? His fur is very nice.
r/ntbdbiwdfta
Wiggle butt?
That's a cute baby you have there
I luvs him ❤🥰
What kind of breed is he? So cute.
There's one identical to this that visits the book shop where I volunteer. It looks overjoyed just standing there! Unbearably cute.
How old is your puppy?
My dog is like this too. I call him my permapuppy.
Adorable indeed!Cute
I call all dogs puppies, they're all big babies.
Awww! He’s so cute!
real aww
I swear this is the equivalent of my partner shaving his beard off

Beard- looks 30-33

No beard- baby face 20-25 yr old
Can we have a pic before the haircut
I want him 🥺🥺
This looks exactly like my dog... when he was a puppy. Precious!
Gonna be honest, he looks good for his age, at 14 he's no spring chicken.   


Good on him!
Ha! Same for us. James kept his baby fur, so actually when we don't trim him, he looks like a little teddy bear and people are quite surprised to learn he's 10. 
(Gray mini Schnauzer)
I call these dogs "forever puppies!". I also like saying "I'm going to be a puppy forever!" to them...
How old is your puppy?
Mini Aussie club!
My favorite is people ask how old my dog is. I always say “oh, he’s 13.” “13 months?” “No, 13 years.”
I love.
...he is...
Meh, still looks edible.
Mini Australian Shepherd?
He certainly is!
Perpetual puppies are the best! My last dog was two weeks away from her 16th birthday when she passed away, and she still looked like a puppy even at that age. She was black, but her beard never grayed. Even on her last day, when we had her in the vet to confirm our worst fears (sudden acute kidney failure), people were asking how old our puppy was. Our recently adopted dog is like this too, and it doesn't help that she is super small for her breed (she's an 8lb mini schnauzer and is fully grown at two years old). I love it. Hopefully when we adopt this one a sibling, it will be the same as well.
You mean 14 in dog years right??
Lol
Hey, do you know what kind of dog he is? My mom rescued a dog that looks just like him and is around the same age. Every vet she goes to can’t seem to identify what she is though. Would appreciate the help!
Adorable indeed
He looks 2 and cute <3
Like a fine wine
How old is your puppy?
LOL! My border collie would get clipped and even though she was 16 she looked like a pup. People would ask me what she was and I said she was a scotstrailian sheep terrier. You’d be surprised how many people believed that.
<3s
I love this sweet old man. I would die for your dog.
I've got a Papillon that's almost 15 and get the same question! Mine has some health problems but he's still handsome! Yours too!
People ask the same thing about my boy and hes 17 as of the 14th
aww
Wait... How old is your puppy?
You can see his age in his eyes, my girl has had her eyes getting cloudy for a few years now. She's about 13, but a sweet as ever.
Aww and I want one
Got those big baby eyes
How old is your puppy?
He looks like a 14 year old dog that has had a brow lift.
No way!
I think I'd like to see it without a filter added
My puppy was like that. He went directly from people thinking he was a puppy to people being really rude and condescending about his age. At 15 people still thought he was a puppy. At 16 people were all like "Poor guy. Poor baby."
The Paul Rudd of dogs
He looks like a puppy 😭😭♥️
My friend kept buying hamsters to fool their kids. Maybe someone is doing the  same for your dog.
My aussie is 14 too. It’s so funny how it seems like a lot of them don’t look old unless they have a lot of gray fur
Mine was same way only not as old.  She passed away In October of congestive heart failure (common in smaller dogs) at the age of 9.5 but just the day before in the park several people stopped to pet her and thought she was one or so years old.
He looks very sassy. I love him.
Omg what a handsome floof
So adorable and healthy looking. We have an Aussie. Do you mind sharing what type of food your feeding yours? Greatly appreciate it :)
What a cute baby
Do you cut all his hair? I hate to be “that guy” but you’re not supposed to cut all the hair on a mini Aussie. They have two layers of fur and it’ll never grow back the same. We only cut the butt, arm and stomach fur on ours.
And he is a good boy too.
I love mini Aussies so much!!
Is that a mini Australian shepherd
What kind of dog is this? I’d love a puppy that can look this young at 14yo!

Also, he’s beyond adorable. Boop the snoot!
Adorable! Can I have him? 😄
r/oldmandog
Forever puppers
My dog is 12 and she gets the same comments. Just took her for a haircut and she looks like a puppy again haha
Vampire dog!!!
Dog version of baby face after a shave
I think you mean furcut. Australian Shepherds have fur and not hair.
Awwww what a cutie he is ❤️
Our old dog, who lived to be 18, was a long haired pup and had to be shaved in the summer. Every time, people would ask "when did you get a puppy? Is your old dog all right?!" And so on.
How old is your puppy
The only part of him that look old, is his eyes, they look pretty foggy, does he have cataracts?
the puppy cut works well on your handsome man!
such a cute ol pup!
/r/wigglebutts
Love him like he can go tomorrow, though.

Our dog had the same cuteness and young puppy look and a clean bill of health, then suddenly her time came one faithful and unexpected afternoon to die at 14yrs old..

Happened about 3 months ago. :/
Miniature/Toy Aussie? We just got a boy about a year and a half old who has a striking resemblance to your old sport.
I used to love walking my folks' dog.

"How old is he?"

"14."
Please tell him he's a good boy for me, ty
it looks like puppy fur, hes the best!
I love your puppy
He is indeed, and quite simply, adorable
Is 14 old for a dog? Man he looks cute.
Awwww
So cute! 14 years young!
I have a 17 year old Yorkshire Terrier and she is blind and mostly deaf and people ask me the same question.
4 more years till hes of legal age 🤤
I love that dog very much ♥
Aww we had a dog that looked just like him growing up he’s so adorable
That paw tuck
the bestest of best boys.
My aussie was the same way omg!!!
aw..
Omg that's my old pup Nova! Thank you for reminding me of my aunts dog!
He certainly is adorable.😘🐶
Awwww. I have a forever puppy too :) he’s 10.
Why is a border collie getting haircuts???
all dogs are puppies tho
So fecking cute
He’s beautiful and I love him so much!!
Ahhhhhhh....."the dog's mat"
Can confirm that the puppy is adorable.
I have a 12 year old mini Aussie that people always mistake for a pup.
Please share his skincare routine!!!!
Is that a lilac border collie because if it is that's my dream dog right there
He is adorable
I love your puppy, make sure he knows
That dog looks exactly like a freaking puppy
May he keep on living
You can solve that by just going back to the same person as before. :P
They are all puppies. All of them.
He's aged as well as Ringo Starr!
He is adorable and it would be wonderful if all of us could age as well as he does.
my mini Aussie gets the same treatment!! She’s 13 and people get so surprised when we tell them
You’re doing everything right as a Pooper Parent!
WHAT A HANDSOME MAN
What a gorgeous pup! Pure Aussie?
Stinky Boi hehe
Lovely. What kind of doggie is he?
Nice dog
S9dss😎😋
That's a mini aussie isn't it?
He Has achived D  O  G
I have a shar pei ( probably mix-whatever)the grey haired muzzle isn’t notable. My darling still acts like a pup. At more or less 10 years, I am dreading the end. 

Enjoy your baby while you can, I know I am.
A Perma-Puppy!
He’s a forever puppy. Love him.
I have an 8y.o. pom that gets mistaken for a puppy after haircuts. But when his fur grows out, he's mistaken for a girl. Super cute fur-baby btw.
He’s a red tri and we have his brother who is a black tri.
What kind of dog is he? He looks super soft!
He’s a beautiful baby! 😍
That dog looks like Steve Bussimi
He is adorable.  Sweet babe looks like a puppy.  You're very lucky to have such a long life with your fluffy puppers.  True love. ❤🥰
I don’t really enjoy most of the posts on this sub as I don’t think puppies are that special, but this one makes me really happy, amazing doggo
Thanks!
This looks like this is my dog that is missing
