The choice of music was mildly unexpected.
why do i feel sad at the ending? just why?
That has to be the best thing I've seen all day!
The intense waving at the end 😭😂
“You wanna throw paws?!” -cat

“Hi kitty” - waving human

“Yeah you better run!” - cat
I'm pretty sure that the cat was trying to punch the human with his cat powers
A cute kitty waving, my life is complete.
More like trying to swat the dude but unable to get through the glass.
"who is trying to eat you."

FTFY.
This is how my daughter acts at the airport and it is the sweetest thing
One of our cats do that, but I don't think it is waving. It's more of gouging the opponent's eyes from behind the safety of the glass pane.
If a cat winks at me, I always wink back. It's a secret code. ;-)
First few second 'Hii hii hiii human hii'

The half second 'nooo noo dont gooo'

Last scene 'noo come here come here'

Cat be like: yeah im alone.. again. 😭
this cat is so enthusiastic
“Free me from my prison!”
“Hello little kitty!”

“He doesn’t get it.”
The cartoon music made this so much funnier for me
They're both adorable! That stop for a second wave is so endearing.
My cat only does this to mailmen. It’s weird.
Big cute fluff how can you not say hello.  
My cat does this too.  He has a big following of friends and neighbor kids.  I use to go look to see who was tapping on the window, now I dont bother I know it's just his fan club saying hello.
What a derpy cat, I love it.
Is that Lin Manuel Miranda?
That's so fucking wholesome, I can't. Thank you for making my day so much better after I forgot the alarm code to the store this morning and had to call my boss with it screaming in the background.
They're both waving somehow pretty aggressive.
I always wave at cats
Cat: "Idiot thought I was waving at him, he's lucky this pane of glass was between us..."
The music is beyond annoying. 

I'm not sure how adding loud, terrible music to cute videos became a "thing", but I downvote every fucking one of them...
Never trust a human that waves like that.
"Let meow't!"
Best thing I've seen all month...if not year. It reminds me of the time when I randomly waved at a dog who was sitting at a window and a person waved back! I totally didnt see the person but it was pretty funny.
That cat is pumped!! “HI FRENZ!!!”
Waving trough a window
So, we're sure this cat isn't just trying to slap him?
Man i miss tom and jerry :/
It's not goodbye, it's see ya later
This is a better story than Twilight.
Aww wish I could also wave hello to this cat
[TOM AND JERRY MUSIC!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYrUWfLlYI0)
Well yeah. Could be McGonagall, and you don't want to be rude to a professor, now do you?
Haha awesome!

Blase Garrecht
Is this Stump Cross?
#HEY!
How tall is that man
OK 🤙
Cool
As much as I loved everything about this, the specific cut of the opening T&J music left me a little cold—I was hoping for the one from the mid-60s where Tom is hissing just a bit… 😂

[Tom & Jerry Intro (1963-1967)](https://youtu.be/52rO55mRB7c)
I watched it for 20 minutes. When does it end?
take me with you. please!!!
u/vredditshare
I probably would be late for so many things because I would be coming back to wave at this cat.
The music just makes it better
This is a cat that wants to go out and for some unknown reason thinks that this is done by pawing the door or window. Source: I have a cat who does this
"hello! Hello! Hi! bye!, Goodbye! See ya, bye!!!x
LOL. this totally cheered me up!
My maine coon looks just like that, and does the exact same thing, except to ask to go in/out.
What a sweet cat and a nice stranger!
Or a kid
So passionate about the waving 😄
My God I haven't heard that music in yeeeears
“Bye Drivah!!!”
That gave me a good chuckle
this is the cutest fucking thing I have ever seen in my entire life
Cat: HI! HI! HI! HELLO!!! HI!!!!
Hello there, you, furry one
 best thing I've seen all day
Pretty sure that cat ain't waving 

He is probably saying " you want a peice of me mf"?
Oh seriously that just made my night
Hey you.. Help, help, get me out of here, oi why you walking away...bloody hoomans..
100k upvotes holy fucking shit
I wave at my cats every time I see them. Even though we just played together and they walked away for a moment.
The most unnecessary music
Can someone wave to me like the cat waves to his friend?

(It's my cake day, please wave to me)
Good human
u/vredditdownloader
Hey hey hey hey.. hihihihihihihihi!!!!!!
doesn't look like waving for me but okay
She wave
That would make my day.
Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
It would be totally impolite not to wave back to a cute cat!
Awe
First wave: *hi!*

Second wave:

#I SAID HI
Move move move. You damn human you are blocking my view. Move away I say.
Seems to wipe the glass
I was expecting to hear "meow... Meeow... Pffsst pssft" like they used to do with the Tom and Jerry cartoons.
Lin Manuel Miranda?
For a second I thought s/he was one of my cats! They look pretty much exactly the same from the back.  


[Cat tax!](https://imgur.com/gallery/q3AdFHw)
That is adorable.
Waving contest
mood
Cause the cat's prey got away!
Is that keiran lee
Hello sweetie! Hi!

Omg I don't think I'd be able to go. I'd spend the whole day waving at the kitty.
My life is an endless succession of people waving goodbye.
lol, that's an aggressive waver if i've ever seen one :D
For my cat, this is "Human! Human, humanhuman HUMAN open the door"
This cat is straight up trying to attack that man.
Cat: GET ME OUTTA HERE
What a polite cat
Now I kind of wanna watch Tom and Jerry
Man I remember hearing this music In the old Tom and Jerry episodes. They were the best.
Hello cat
Person filming: Hey babe, before you go to work, can you walk outside while the cat is sitting at the window? I have a meme idea.

Guy: not again

Person filming: I’m just tryna go viral!
It look comic and somehow it makes sense the music. Made me giggle!
Are we ignoring the fact that Keiran Lee was the one the cat waved to
[Maow... Raaeeeooww! FT FT!](https://youtu.be/gpy-j0sRXIE)
Nice
Awe
Cat is thinking: Something moving!  Hit Hit Hit !
All I can think of is Buddy the elf trying to say hi to his dad through a Gimbal’s display window
It looked so sad when the cat stopped waving ;(
Stopppppp. <3 I miss my cat :(
He's not waving he's just cleaning the windows.
This video player always gets stuck- it’s beyond annoying
u/vredditdownloader
What a friendly cat!
Smart cat
Priceless and heartmelting at the same time!
That guy must be 25ft tall at least.
I came to read the hysterical one stating that cats to that for some strange psychological reason and that hoomans don’t have to answer back otherwise the cat’s innerbomb will explodes and now I’m totally disappointed I didn’t find anything like that.
u/vredditdownloader
Right paw - good luck

Left paw - money
That's not aww...that's hardcore LOL!!!
That guy must be 20ft tall
/u/VredditDownloader
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
I need that cat.
u/vredditdownloader
👋
Feels more like the cat wants him to come back.
I love how he matched the cat's energy both times
Human: Aww so cute the cat is waving to me. 

Cat: What is this invisible wall stopping my attacks?!
that cat must really hate him
NICE I LOVE IT
anyone know what breed of cat this is? i’m very curious.
*I'm looking at you through the glass*
Only a monster would not wave back.
The music made it much better
u/vredditdownloader
My Cat looking allways trough the window :D
Awesome cat waving!!
No need to unmute the video everyone!
else  catastrophe  will happen
very cheerful pusso! <3 thanks for sharing this one
adorable kitty <3
wish someone waved at me like the kitty waves at strangers :(
I love how their level of aggressive waving is the same
I would so wave at the cat. Hahaha.
Hello from the outside.
Cat: Help me out of here u silly man I dont want your wave back
Better without the Tom & Jerry music
u/vredditdownloader
I will now, thanks for the advice
Man that music hits me deep.
u/VRedditDownloader
OMG, soo cute
Почему моя киса так не делает?)
Music sucked.
Hi, hi, hi, hi, hihihihihihihihihi
r/likeus
u/vredditshare
u/vredditdownloader
/u/vredditdownloader
Cats don't wave at me what am I doing wrong  ಠ╭╮ಠ
👋🏻👋🏻
Oh we all know that the cat is trying to mudder him. And the guy is just mocking the cat by waving.
Hi
~always smile back to a somebody who is smiling to you
today one handsome boy smiled to me, but i was little bit shy, so i didn't :(
Oh my god😻😻😻
"let me out, let me out"
"Help me escape! These humans are holding me prisoner and they haven't fed me in at LEAST an hour!"
u/happycamper_99 to cheer you up today!
He givv wavvee
The sweetest thing.
So cute!
*waving intensifies* 😂
Dude kind of looks like Lin-Manuel Miranda.
هاي
This is so damn cute.
He’s not waving he’s tying to slap the human silly
Always wave, or you'll have a Cat-astrophe
Beautiful and clever cat
That cat probably has zero depth perception.
Odd choice in b.g. music, but OK.
"LET ME OUT, LET ME OUT! DONT WAVE YOU MORON GET ME OUT OF HERE!!!!"
u/vredditdownloader
Mother fuckers need to mute this shit. Or just not add music.

Cant upvote something even if its cute because it just pissed me off
Always wave to a cat trying to claw your eyes out.
actually he want to destroy Hooman
Hmmm I dont think kitty was trying to wave... kitty was trying to give that gorgeous man the skibbity paps!
So polite, I'd marry him.
🤔..... MEOW MEOWW MEOWWWWWW.... GET ME TF OUT OF HEREEEEEE...
😭😭😭
The choice of music was mildly inexpected
Too cute 😸
If that cat knows how to wave is it a smart cat or a dead soul possessing it?
You know what I wasn't having the best of days until I saw this.
Or else.
I have my audio turned off when I watched the clip.  What a lovely cat!
Wave humon
Cats are god
WOW so cool
That’s just a good life rule.
Help! Can’t stop watching this.
I can't handle how cute this is! what a sweet kitty.
That made my night
Adorable
U/vredditdownloader
So cute  --u--
And you only make it short version?????
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
Well I just lost my manliness
u/vredditdownloader
 [u/vredditdownloader](https://www.reddit.com/u/vredditdownloader/)
u/vredditdownloader
I've seen this posted at least twice but still upvoted.
u/vredditdownloader
/u/vredditdownloader
hahaha best cat ever!
Tom and Jerry music, made my day nastalgic.
Is this in Bath, UK?
Don't you fucking try to Peterson me
u/vredditdownloader
I watched it like, Get back you fucker, you havent feed me, get back you fuckkkkkkk
I don't feel that the loud ass music was necessary but hey it helped wake me up so thanks for that.
When the cat changes paws, it looks like the cutest passive-aggressive "OKAY BYE JIM..."
If you don't, you are the animal.
He should gave switched hands
Hooman i just want food from you😾
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
/u/vredditshare
/u/vredditshare
I pissed my pants :P haha
🤣🤣🤣🤣it’s all about positive karma people
Sweet, but i can almost count the pixels
That cat isn't waving, is trying to claw that man's hand.
I hope I don't have to tell people that this is aggressive (possibly playful) swatting, not happy waving. Cats don't wave at people to greet them. But I read through the top 20 comments and all of them are acting a cat is really waving.
No

Never

I hate cats
