[deleted]
My dog has the ability to eat around the pill in his freaking mouth, then spit it out.

We need to wrangle the little bastard, hold him, then shove the thing down his throat.
[deleted]
When my late dog wouldn't take his pain medication (because it was bitter, on top of him not having any appetite) I had to MacGyver my way to this solution:

Bought empty pill casings, poured caramel flavored magic shell ice cream topping into it, put the pill in, and then closed the pill case. Put in the fridge. The magic shell hardened around the pill, making it undetectable to the sniffer. The pill being small-ish and smooth made it easier for him to swallow without feeling like he has to eat something. 

Just in case someone out there has a similar issue of a pet refusing meds they need.
What's he taking it for. Hope he's ok
I used to spike a chewy treat with my cat's 2x a day thyroid pill.  Every once in a while she'd drop the pill onto the floor, so I'd point to it and say "eat your pill" and she would.  She also used the toilet (until we got another cat that wouldn't allow her a moment's peace).
Boop his nose for me, k
So cute!!! I had to use reverse psychology with mine...show him the pill, tell him not to eat it..leave the pill on the table unattended..  :)
My cat any time I try to give her a pill, in any mechanism possible whether it be a pocket, in food, or dissolved in a syringe


"Yeah..no.  fuck that noise"
That's trust.
... that's one of the new meat-flavored pills isn't it? lol

I pill my dog like I do my cat. Open mouth, get pill in back of throat, close moth, massage throat. He's super chill about it.
I have to cover the pill in peanut butter, and then put the package in the dogs food bowl with her crunchy dog food.  Otherwise she licks off the peanut butter and leaves the pill behind.  In a bowl of food she doesn't notice the difference between the hard pill and the crunchy food.
What a good girl!
"Oh boy, free eats!" - Your dog
Looks like cosequin tablets. If they are, then to be fair they are chicken flavored. It's the only thing my picky doxies will eat without being covered in cheese.
We just tell our dog that his heartworm/flea pill is a "treat" and he gets all excited to take it. He licks his lips and everything and then runs away with it up the stairs (like he does with all treats). We usually have to run after him to make sure he actually eats it, which he does.
Those pills are flavored, they're essentially dog treats.  Our dog considered her Rimadyl and Cosequin highly sought after treats that she eagerly looked forward to every morning.

And she would always patiently let us apply Frontline (which required parting her double coat to get to skin) because she knew she got her Heart-Guard treat afterwards.
Still got those puppy dog eyes down. This one’s a keeper
Are those the meat-flavored combo-guards? My dog eats those w/o PB, too.
Am Lab, will eat for food.
I once crushed a pill into my cats wet food (months ago). He now refuses to eat any wet food at all.
My dogs get glucosamine supplements and I just toss them in their food. My younger one loves them so much she digs it out and eats it first.
Imagine her finding out that she could have been getting treats this whole time.
Is that Proin? 

My dog is on that shit for incontinence.  I give her way too much peanut butter.  She has her own jar.
You have a really special doggo! It really should be posted in r/rarepuppers because it's so damn rare, lol
PET!!! THE!!! DAMN!!! DOG!!!
r/notliketheotherdogs
I eet pil 4 helth
Omg!!! Your bassador is so cute!!! I have a lil bassador named Lucy and they are just the best doggos 🤗
What a good dog
We used to bait our dog with a few slices of hot dog, then hot dog with pill. She always gave us a look of betrayal afterwards.
"That wasn't very good. You got any more?"
I love your dog.. But I think I love all dogs.
Labs eat ANYTHING
I feed my dogs perc 30s
Mine eats the peanut butter and spits the pill out
Most dogs would eat that just fine.  When a pill is that large it's because it's mostly filler, and specifically for dog medicine, flavorings to make it appealing.
It's much easier on both human and dog to feed them a flavored chewable medication like you're doing here, isn't it. My dog also needs one daily for her heart, and though they're more expensive than the non-flavored ones, it's money well spent that she eats it up like a treat. Hope more pet owners learn about this option.
My dog’s allergy medicine is a chewable tablet, and is supposedly chicken flavored, so when we have to give it to her, she begs for more after! Same with her Heartgard 😂
Get that dog a treat and some butt scratches.
Don't tell him about the peanut butter. He'll think he's been shafted all along.
My dogs pills are liver flavored and she gobbles them up no problem. She thinks they’re treats and gets excited when I rattle the bottle
I love her
I love that she loafs with her front paws tucked in like a kitty.
This dogs face just says "I don't like this, but I trust you, so I know if you're giving me this then that means I need it"
My silly dog eats *anything*. When she hears the blister pack, she will sit for it thinking it is a treat. She is by far the easiest dog we have had in terms of food! The other two are picky and will eat around the pill or will manage to spit it out.
That looks like one of the flavored heart worm pills. That's like a Flintstones chewable for dogs.
Pretty sure that's a chewable tablet. Which means it is flavored.
It's a flavored tablet though, that's the point.
My cat needs meds twice a day, 99% of the time he just downs it, but once he refused to take it, and after 30 mins of trying, my mother grabs him and rammed that pill down his throat, I was as shocked by the sudden change in events as he was
"You now have one hour to find the antidote to the poison I just gave you MUAHAHAHA!."
That’s the heart worm pill that ALL dogs love to eat.
I see your reluctance and raise you pure enjoyment: http://imgur.com/gallery/SDo0XUX

Mack is the most food motivated of all boys.
I once pretended to eat my dog's so heartworm pill and then acted like I was trying to keep it from her. I never had another issue with her taking the pill.
thats a good doggo! he/she must be thinking: oh, thats not food, but its still good for me so i will eat it
Coat the pill in peanut butter anyway for doggo being so good!
Try it with a regular pill, not a meat flavored tablet.
Or you gave your dog a flavored doggie pill.  All of my old dogs pills were like this, all dogs gobble these up.
My dog would eat anything if he could. The stuff he shits out sometimes is crazy and I'm constantly watching him when I let him free roam in the backyard out of fear he will swallow something that causes a blockage
What a good pupper! And so pretty/handsome!
Good boy. The BEST boy!
I literally have to shove pills down my dog’s throat lol
My elderly Chihuahua is not really fooled, slightly melted cheese work's, it had extra benefits as well
Is that cosequin or something similar for joint health?  My black lab had surgery to repair a torn ACL and we give her one of those cosequin per day, but they are chicken flavored, so she'll start doing tricks trying to get us to give up the supplement to her lol
Pretty sure that’s a flavored tablet though.

I give my dog something similar.
Such a good baby. ❤️
Most Likely the pill has a good flavor. My dog will eat his arthritis pill without any special treat because it taste like a dog bone.
Endosorb?
/r/PetTheDamnDog
/r/petthedamndog
[deleted]
that's because your dog is a certified Good Boye®
My new kitten is the same. She needed to have pills that were supposed to be taken whole. We were really worried about having to force the pill into her mouth. Nope. I dropped the first one accidentally when I popped it out the packet and she hoovered it up. Every pill afterwards we just put on the floor and she ate it. 

It's handy for when she needs medicine, but not when she eats random crap off the floor.
Anything you offer master I trust you and will eat with no hesitation at all. All hail master
I make my dog do tricks and then give it to him like it’s a treat.  He will take your fingers off if your not careful.  The other one I just put it in with her food.
The video was 30 seconds long and you didn’t pay him on the head. I’m more than mad
My dog won't even eat peanut butter anymore. He found the pill one f'ing time, and it was such a betrayal for him that he has sworn off it for years. Pill hiding has become a competitive sport in our house.
That's because it's a chewable tablet. Most dogs will eat chewable tablets on their own. Especially common meds like Rimadyl, Pimobendan, and Anxitane.
that's a Lab. He will probably eat gravel.
Hopefully you gave him some good boy pets after this.
My dog ate her first heartworm/flea/tick pill like this, and apparently decided she hated the flavor. From that point on, I could do anything to the pill (and would) and she would figure out how to avoid eating it. 

No lie, I could chop it into 4 pieces, put those into a peanut butter ball, wrap that in a tortilla, and wrap that in a slice of ham. She'd still be able to smell the pill, and would proceed to gingerly chew it up and spit the peanut butter out so that she could lick up the gobs that were untainted by the pill, leaving the chunks on the floor.

She's too smart for her own good, because now my only option is forcing her mouth open and cramming it *way* down her throat, then holding her mouth shut until she swallows :(
Those sweet eyes!! Puppy: "for me? Have I been a good boy (or girl)?"
I just mix the pills with treats. He never know it was in there! Works every time.
Good dog.
Mine is the same, eating anything that makes a crunch
My dog is an absolute nightmare when it came to this. But the solution was to push the pill into a small bit of cheese. Works everytime.
Dasuquin?
u/hauptsachedabei
These are joint tabs and actually don’t taste like pills which is great since I have 3 corgis that love them.
Looks like a Nutrivet glucosamine supplement we give our dog. They're flavored and chewable so he doesn't think they're anything but a treat.
Is Lab. They eat anything!  😊
Pro-tip: Pill is liver-flavored chewable
r/notliketheotherdogs
Do the pills taste bad?
we do this with our old Fip - always works.
My dog does this with every pill I've had to give. I was impressed when she had to eat charcoal mixed with her food, it looked like ink! 


She licked the bowl!!
That looks like a flavored pill, no need to disguise.
I'm a simple dog. Master hands me a thing, I eats it.
Our cat used to do this, as long as he was on our bed.   We got a whole week of pills down him, then when we went to change the bed, we shook out the bedspread and all seven pills rattled down onto the floor.  

He was cheeking them and waiting till we left the room.
My weeny dog likes to be a bad boy when being told no, so i throw his meds on the ground and yell no, he runs n eats it
I had a dog that was like this and then all of a sudden nothing would get him to take a pill. He even stopped eating peanut butter all together because he didn’t trust there wasn’t a pill in it.
My dog now runs away and/or refuses ALL TREATS because she was betrayed with a hidden pill, once, nine months ago. I've only had her for a year. So getting her to ingest her needed medicine is... An ordeal.
My dog, bless him, loves food so much that the other day, I just put his unflavoured, powdered medication in his bowl and he laid down and licked at it for 20 minutes
Mine does the same except I have to pretend to eat some first. Nothing more appealing to her than my food.
A true good boy. Now pardon me while I go push a pill into my dogs throat because she's both smart enough to know I'm drugging her and too dumb to understand she'll die without it.
r/notlikeotherdogs

Edit: Whoa I didn't realize that was a real sub
It’s confirmed, it’s in fact a lab
Labs will eat anything, mine will eat raw lettuce
We use to fight with my black lab to pill him. Then one day I tricked him by making him do tricks, you know sit, shake, etc. When it was time to throw the treat to him I threw his pill. Dummy ate it everytime.
Those brown pills are made to smell/taste like a treat
It's a flavored chewable, most dogs will snatch those up without making a fuss, but I'm gonna give you a pass for having a cute pup.
Not to be dramatic, but I just witnessed a miracle
But still give peanut butter just cause!
My Mom has this trick with all animals since I have grown up that a vet showed her. I am sure it is well known, but my Mom puts the pill in the dogs mouth really quickly and blows on the nostrils of the animal.

It works every time causing our dogs and even cats to swallow the pill without refute.
Black labs would eat a rock if they could swallow it
I had a black lab growing up, and I know I’m posted this same comment every single time I see a black lab, but... thank you. Midnight passed about twenty years ago, but I still love to see little midnightgirl clones. Please give an extra hug or pat for me.
My parents dogs medicine comes with a warning that dogs love it so you have to be careful with it because they’ll try to eat it all
Obviously a lab
Why don't they made flavored pills for dogs?
It’s cheating when it’s only Glucosamine!
The betrayal
SOMEONE PET THAT DOG PLEASE
My old cat used to love his heart medicine. The vet told us we might have to mash it up in his food, but whenever he heard the crinkly wrapper he would come sprinting into the kitchen and try to eat it from your hand. Good boy.
Yea but this way, he doesnt get the treat of peanut butter. He would appreciate the peanut butter method much more
Kinda reminds me of Bob's burgers, when he hands him a piece of sponge and he just eats it.
I just put pills in with my dogs food and he wolfs it all down so fast he scarcely has time to notice a pill.
I knew it was going to be at least part lab before the video even started
She's on the level of people who can dry swallow pills. To be feared and respected
Cheese, cheese, cheese. Pill. Spits it out..looks at you like you're the devil.
Dogs can't speak but they have a look that says bastard.
Hug him NOW!!! Give him lots of kisses and cuddles. Man I'm soo weak to those eyes...
Junkie!
Cosby’s dream date
GIVE HIM PEANUT BUTTER FOR EATING IT YOU SAVAGE
Treats!
My 3 dogs will take their cosequin pills like this, but everything else has to be covered in PB.
That was super sweet. Thank you for sharing!
Those eyes.

*precious*
That is so precious!
The best girl.
So polite!
One of my mom's friends hadd a black Boxer that hated medicines. They had to place the pill inside a piece ho ham and then feed it to him, but most of the times he would eat the ham and spit the pill out. He accepted the ham with the pill in it only if they fed him more ham pieces before.
Wow! I have to grind up my dogs pill into powder then mix it into wet food!
You can tell that dog was raised with a lot of love and respect.
Oh yeah my dog loves the meds they give her at the vets office. He laughs every time because most of the dogs you gotta force but she’s totally ready for the syringe lol.
Such a good girl!!
Your dog is the chosen one
Same with ours. She LOVES taking heart worm pills and any other medicine we had to give her for indigestion, as she thinks anything we offer her is a snack.
Is that a deramaxx I see?  Those are the easiest for me to give to my dogs thankfully.  However, Mr. Mulder has figured out what's what and now demands all pills be in a peanut butter sandwich.  My husband started it.  It works.  I don't complain.  The ONLY time Mulder willingly takes meds is if I'm also giving them to Scully.  He'll snatch those right out of my hand.
Eat first, ask questions later
Does he know?
Oh my god what a good boy/girl!
Good boy.
What a good boy/girl
He's doing it to make you happy.
That's what I call a good dog.
My dude takes his pills easily, but not this easy.

Wrapped in any people food, even lettuce, he will take it right down.

He even asks for it each morning and gets excited when I open the pill bottle.

We've tried tossing it in his mouth for doing a trick, even in the middle of a series of treats, but it doesn't work. He spits it out.

This week he's been getting leftover hot dog buns. Some days I just wet it and use pb powder.

I like the PB powder better than real PB because I don't worry about it sticking to his teeth and causing dental issues.
My dog would think your dog is kinda dumb for passing on the peanut butter. But still a good Boi.
Our lab takes her liquid medicine without any trouble. Laps it straight from the syringe. It might have helped that we established it as a pre-meal routine.
He’s very susceptible to peer pressure. Keep him away from bad dogs.
Aw good doggo
Them eyes killed me
I have a black lab too and he will just eat any pill straight
Awwwww, labs are the best!!

Source: My lab
If I'm standing at my kitchen counter and throw something to my dog, he will catch it and eat it.  Doesn't waste time seeing what it is first.
I used to have Bernese mountain dog (Bobo)when I was younger, I can't remember why he needed to take pills for a bit, but my mom's method would be to roll it in some bread and peanut butter but somehow 50% of the time he'd eat around it. 

My dad's method was to pry Bo's mouth open and have me shove the pill to the back of his throat and then hold his mouth shut and tickle his nose so he licks. Memories.
Remember kids, when a stranger offers you drugs say thank you. Drugs are expensive
We make our dogs do tricks for them and give them as "treats" as a reward. They have learned to see through the peanut butter trick. We tried stuffing them in bits of meat and cheese. Both worked for a while but they got wise. They won't touch them regularly, but ask them to shake or go around? Down the hatch.
Aww she knows you are helping her, the absolute trust in her eyes are incomparable!
Same! My dog loves that pill so much that sometimes I use it as a treat to bring her inside when she’s barking late at night
Wow that dog’s fur is gorgeous!  What do you feed him/her?
*gestures widely* Labradors!
Wait until he realizes he could of have peanut butter with his pills this whole time
Just don’t use the new low calorie peanut butter.
It is toxic to dogs. Ask your Vet.
Good boi. My dog also has no problem eating a pill.
Aww the eyes .. so sweet!
Your dog is looking at you like "we do this every day karen...why are you filming me?"
My dog did that the first time. Lol then the next time, he spit it out. So I did the peanutbutter, it worked. But then the next time he wouldn't eat the peanut butter and till this day will spit out the nuts if there is any. I tried the wrapping it in meat, it worked. But the next time he spits out the meat and picks it back up, dropping the pill. I tried crushing it and mixing it with mashpotatos, or his wed dog food and it worked. But since then everytime I feed him, he either eats around the crushed pills, or wont eat it at all. Got a different type of pills for him to take that the vet says has a better taste. Hope it works.
Same with my dog
I just made my dog sit, dropped a treat for him to catch, then dropped the pill (which he'd snap out of the air expecting another treat), and then after he sat there looking betrayed I'd drop another treat for him and give him some snuggles. Worked like a charm until he lost his energy towards the end and wouldn't even catch treats...
I would put my sisters dog's pills in her favorite treat if it was time for her pill and she used her potty pad. Otherwise I'd put it in her favorite wet food. Liquid was easier. I'd get the medication in the oral syringe ready, get the dog and hold her in the crook of my arm like a baby and just squirt it in the corner of her mouth. She is a smaller breed dog. Only had one time I messed up and got some in my hair. My fault. I was loading the meds and grabbed the plunger. Only a little got in my hair
Meanwhile my dog will take the pill, lick all the peanut butter off, and deposit it on the floor in front of me asking me to cover it with peanut butter again.
Those eyes man, I love them
Not even peanut butter covered pills worked for my dog - he used to manage to eat the peanut butter and spit out the pill.
"Pil is gros. But hooman gib to help me so I ate it."
He is the goodest boy
Your pupper looks like my pupper
Must be fake
Is it possible to learn this power?
That’s a good boy
I was worried my cat wouldn't take the pills she needed, but I was too nervous to use the scruff method they showed us so I just put it down on the floor next to some treats and she ate the pill too lol
Is that a glucosamine supplement? Both of my dogs line up and I toss them in the morning, they catch them and wait for the next (I'm still in the first 4 weeks doing 3 a day).
That pill looks familiar.  What's is that?
My dog needs pills daily for her heart. She does this. However, my first dog was another story. You had to crush the pill on a sheet of paper, fold it. Them someone hold her mouth open and another puts it down her throat.
Awww. He knows you are helping him stay healthy
“Got any more of those??”
Fkr the first few years I was able to get my dog to eat pills like this by shaking the container making a rattle noise which was similar enough to the noise his treats made when shaken. Eventually he caught on but it was nice while it lasted.
What a goodest boy
well, that's handy!
Now, GIVE HIM SOME PEANUT BUTTER AS A TREAT FOR BEING SUCH A GOOD BOI
My dog doesn’t need it but I do it anyway, he eats the pill on its own and the cheese as a treat
You dogs secretly a pill junky.
I have one dog like this....and another who defies odds by licking or eating anything surrounding a tablet and spitting it back out!
All my dogs eat Cosequin like treats too.  It’s the only pill I have found works this way.
My dog too.... He just gobbles it. But he knows it's a pill. He just also knows if he's a good boy and eats it no fuss, he gets a good boy treat after lol
Heckin’ Good Girl!!!
What a good boy!!!!
You're a lucky owner. I wish it was that easy with every dog.
My dog evolved in the wrong direction and eats the peanut butter and spits out the pill....we have tried a lot of things to get her to take them: cheese, mini peanut butter sandwich, just giving it to her, give it with a treat at the same time.... She's too fickle for anything to work....
Good boy! Can he teach my dog to like pills? haha
Such a good boy.
I think he is just a very good boy and trust you enough so you can stay together a long time
r/DisneyEyes material
One time my dog wouldn't take his med that we covered with pb. I took it out of the peanut butter and he ate it without a fuss, smh.
Also my dog
Now this dog knows when he needs meds to get better just take it and be done with it lol. 

SMART DOGO 🐕
Awwwwww what a good sweet cutie pie pupper !
“Food is food”
good boy!!
Thats handy that way you dont have to smear peanut butter all over your dick
What breed is your dog? He looks a lot like my pup o:
my dog loves peanuts but has bad eyesight so I just get a couple of peanuts and put the pill in the middle and it works every time
my old dog was so smart, he was suspicious of his food everytime, he would investigate it first to make sure no pills are hidden in there before eating.  I ended up just having to shove it into the back of his mouth to force him to swallow it, it got that bad.
You can tell they don’t want to eat it, but are willing to take the hit for health reasons.
If it was a stupid ass child it wouldn’t eat in anyway

Kids are dumb
If I give my dog a pill covered in peanut butter, he will carefully eat the peanut butter and throw out the pill. But he is used to getting treats after successfully performing simple commands. I can give him a pill instead of a treat, and he will devour it thinking that it is a treat =)
10/10 good doggo
The goodest of boys
My dog will take a pill covered in peanut butter, get the peanut butter off it and spit the pill out.
I'm jealous! My trick is to push the pill into a piece of hot dog (wrap with cheese or peanut butter) then put another of the same treat in my other hand without a pill. I show both treats, offer the one with the pill first. Dog gulps it down so fast they don't chew it and I give them the second treat immediately after to help it go down. Then I have to give the cat, who doesn't get any medication at all, some of his treats because God forbid the dog gets something he doesn't!
Bless him
That look after: “mmm. Any more?”
He’s got the sweetest face!
[r/notlikeotherdogs](https://www.reddit.com/r/notlikeotherdogs/)
I have one dog in a cone right now, and have discovered he does the same thing. He'll eat literally anything you hand him.

The other two will magically eat around pills, or spit them out when you didn't think it was possible.
"Oh man, is that ecstasy? I'm feeling a little under the weather, that will definitely help, thanks human"
Mmm tastes like drugs
Good doggo! That’s such a neat trick.
My mastiff literally starts drooling when I get his heart worm medication. Can’t explain it but not complaining
My old pup would literally beg for her pill like it was a treat!! It was great lol
Haha, my dog, too, will eat absolutely anything. It's a blessing and a curse.
Good boy!
Looks like a lab.  Most labs would eat a small rock if you fed it to them.
It’s a black lab,,,, they’d gain weight on a diet of old batteries and car tyres.
Lucky SOB
Ah yes, use me.
Why don’t companies start making butt flavored pills?
My boyfriends former boxer hated taking pills. We'd have to wrap it in cheese or shove it in a hot dog. 9 times out of 10 he knew it was there and somehow despite practically swallowing whatever we put the pill in, he'd eat around the pill. We ended up having to force him to take the pill and then manually rubbing his throat to make him swallow. He'd have trust issues for hours after that
Initially misreading the title I thought you were talking about needing a pill in order to cover the dog in peanut butter, and that your dog would be slathered In the good stuff. Luckily I was mistaken.  :P
This is my dog too 😂 I was worried she wouldn’t take a pill once, when I was preparing to put it inside a piece of ham I dropped and she got it and eat before the ham.
is that a consequin DS?  Because I have to give that to my dog, smothered in peanut butter, twice a day...
r/PetTheDamnDog
He just looks like: wait what was that? Afterwards
My dog needs Prozac, and I thank my lucky stars that although she might be crazy, she's trusting enough to just let me put the pill in her mouth and hold her jaws closed until she swallows. Its funny - this former street dog traumatized enough to panic at anything new lets me do that, while my pampered childhood dog who thought the whole world was his friend would fight you like his life depended on it over every pill.
My dog has those pills too. Its 80% dog food. 
It's not the usual kind of pill
I give my dogs fish oil pills and they come running when they hear a pill bottle. It's helped tremendously when I have to give them a pill.
My dog eats anything and everything. All I have to do is say “treat” and she’ll munch away. Luckily this works for pills too
Lol. He seems to be holding out hope for a few more.
My dog got hooked on pain pills after we got him neutered. If he saw you walk to the side of the room where the bottle was he'd run over or I'd he was in another room and heard the bottle rattle he'd run over. No need for peanut butter or anything he just downed the pill.
Ha, awesome, my dog's the same.  The first time we had to give him a pill we were steadying ourselves for the fight it was going to be and he just went and ate the thing.
My dog will eat his joint pain pills like candy but will avoid worming tablets like the plague.
well it must be a hard life with no front legs, can we blame him for turning to pills?
I used to have a friend like that.

I wonder if he's still alive.
That looks like a heart worm or flea prevention tablet. Most chewable brands are made to taste like a dog treat already.
MOST oral meds-if pills or caps, for both pets and humans, can be inserted into the rectum and has the same benefit. Obviously, it won't work with liquids.... Check to see if your MD or DVM will recommend.
My cat does the same. He thinks I'm giving him treats, not caring that they taste nothing like treats.

Me chewing on Percocet!
One of my dogs will eat almost anything you give her, including pills. The other dog? She knows you're trying to trick her. Eats the cheese or peanut butter... Once she feels solid, she spits it out and looks up at you.
The look at the end... "You got any more of those?"
My lab is the same way. He thinks it is a treat a d wants more.
Yup, my one spaniel just stole a tick & flea prevention pill from the other spaniel, out of someone's hand, and now needs to be watched closely because he double dosed.
"These treats suck, but a treat is a treat and a goodboy deserves a treat, and i am a goodboy"
My dog is like this too, well most of the time at least
The way it looks like : umm? You got more??
Yeah I just tell my dog it’s a treat and put it in the cupboard with the rest of the treats and she gets super excited to eat it.
Before I started the gif I looked at my dog and said “I bet it’s a black lab like you”. Yep. Food? Food! Food?! Food!? PLAYTIME????
looks like fucking enro too. That stuff tastes beyond horrid.
Im wildly envious of you
HES SO SWEET AND CUTE IM GONNA DIE OMG
The GOODEST doggo
Oh, you found that on the floor. For me? You shouldn't have. Thanks pal!
Funny enough my dog is very similar but even weirder.  I can put pills in his food bowl and he will root around and eat the pills, leave all the food for later.  He literally only eats the pills????  Just an odd ball.  His sister you have to use pill pockets or other things.
Man this video was loading for me for the longest time and for some reason I was expecting a dog covered in peanut butter, saying no to drugs.

All in all, I was pretty disappointed once it loaded.
r/notlikeotherdogs
r/notliketheotherdogs
That’s a good pup.
My dog that I had as a child/teenager once ate shit loads of garlic supplement capsules. The only side effect was that the bastard didn’t stop farting for days.

On the plus side he did eradicate the towns vampire infestation.
Healthiest boi
"More round things to make me feel better? Okay hooman. I take."
THE BESTEST OF GOOD BOYS 🥺
🐶Good doggo!🐶
My golden instinctively catches anything thrown in the air like a maniac. Works like magic for pillz
My dog is like that too tho
Damm, he takes pills better than me
r/notliketheotherdogs
My dog is the same haha I love it because I don't have to force him and he thought he got a treat.
My cats on the other hand...
My doggo gets pill pockets for her daily meds.  They work like a charm, and she generally likes them.
My dog had to take the doggy version of Vicodin after he dislocated his hip. He got to the point where he would just stick his tongue out when I brought the pill over and suck it in/swallow.
My lab would eat plastic if I got excited about it.
I cover the pills in peanut butter wrapped in some turkey and he still finds a way to eat everything but the pills. 🙄
r/notlikeotherdogs
She is beautiful! She looks exactly like my own bassador, it's kind of eerie!
That is cosequin. All my dogs readily eat that.
Try this on a cat with all the coating you want he’ll never eat it
All these comments of pet owners tricking their pets into taking medication, so adorable!
Our dogs would eat rocks if you said “cookie” while you gave it to them.
What a good boi
I just throw pills at mine and they assume they are treats. Right down the hatch. The cat on the other hand....
Is that tri-heart? My dog loves that one too
My dog hates her medication, I have to find a different way every few days to disguise the pills she needs to take every morning and it's such a challenge. If she realises I'm tricking her in to taking her meds she will hide and refuse to eat anything until she's thoroughly investigated what I'm offering her. 


My sisters dog however has no problems with pills at all, all my sister has to do is place meds in front of her dog and the dog will just inhale them. Just makes the whole process so much easier. My sisters dog is part lab though which helps with her not being fussy about eating everything.
Hooman gives, must have reason, hooman no poison, hooman my poison (spoken “poison” like a person in Brooklyn)
if my dog wouldnt eat his pills, i would chewed myself, then puke it.
Labrador? Mine just got out of the vet she been throwing up all night turns out she ate a plastic bag, luckily it came back up
Proin, right?

Story tangent. We had two dogs. Our black lab mix needed Proin since like the age of 7. Pain in the ass to get her to take it. Basically had to crush it up over wet dog food. The other dog? A pure chocolate lab that ate anything even remotely resembling a treat.

Well, one day my wife had just purchase a 6 months supply (180 pills) for the dog that needed it. The full bottle, in a childproof cap, was on a bar top height counter. The damn chocolate lab knocked them off the counter breaking the cap off (or she chewed it off, there's still a debate) and proceeded to eat 150 of the 180 pills. When we got home, she had that "I did something bad" look on her face and we found the aftermath. A very expensive overnight at the emergency vet center and she came out of it fine. The vet said if any dog can survive that, it's a lab. They made her throw up, but after that, the best they could do is wait it out and monitor it. They asked us a few times if the other dog ate any. We laughed and said no chance. We have to jump through hoops to get he to eat it when she's supposed to.

Miss that big chocolate duffus and her black mutt side kick.
Doggo just knows you love him and only want the best for him.
Lucky, my dog can’t even eat a pill a 1/4 that size
Doggo is probably like, "I know my hooman wants me to be healthy, I must be healthy for hooman"
Is that glucosamine? My dog does the same thing when she gets hers. I think it's probably because that size tablet resembles a treat more so than other meds she has taken.
I make my dog do a trick for her heartworm pill. She can't tell it's not a treat.
My cat is the same way. Bought special pill pockets to help her take her pain pill after surgery. She actually would pull the pill out and eat it and leave the pocket.
Meh, not impressive at all. Considering that is a chewable flavored pilled developed specifically for dogs and ensure to be easy to feed to dogs
Those glucosamine things my mom's dog will also just chow down on. 

My dog, however, will not eat it unless I mortar and pestle it into a dusting upon her wet food -_-
that's such a good boy!
....almost 16,000 people gave this an upvote? Really?
I give it to my dog as a treat
My dog will eat a dirty diaper from the bottom of a trash bin but give him his heart worm and flea pill ans he acts like I'm trying to poison him. I coat it in peanut butter and he eats it but for a week after he's very leary of the pb offerings.
It’s because it’s a black lab hahahaha. Mine is the same! I only have to cover certain ones in peanut butter if the pill itself tastes funny.
That looks like Cosequin- my dog eats it readily! They smell like chicken or something
I love how he's just like:


*Don't you have something else for me to eat?*
One of our dogs will eat it without issue. The other however, either you must mix it in with food, or hype her up enough and she'll just swallow the tablets whole. 

And one of our cats loves taking them because he thinks its a treat.. then again he has been a little weird since he was young...
What a good puppy!
I saw my dog chowing on the cat nip the other day and I know it was just so that she would be sure that the damn cats did not get something she didn't get.
All dogs do this
I work at an animal shelters and giving pills to the dogs is one of the hardest things bc most of the time they will just eat around the treat.

I swear it’s like some sixth sense that they have
Your dog and my dog are identical! 🖤
Is this Proin? I have to have a great peanut butter battle for every morning and night for the rest of my pup's days.
Such a perfect good boi!
What pill sorcery is this?
Black labs are garbage disposals man. The only thing ours wouldn't eat were pickles. Everything else was fair game, f on deer entrials to my ham sandwich, no questions asked.
First time we had to give our pup a pill, we were discussing best way to do it.

My gf popped the pill out the casing and it fell on the ground and my dog pounced on it and gobbled it up.
That is worthy of my upvote 👍
I trust you hooman.
My dog loves her glucosamine pills! Every time I go near the bottle she comes over expecting one
Same. I feel incredibly luck and unlucky because my dog will eat almost anything . Giving him any kind of medication never has been a problem. He doesn't like kale though and he almost ate a brownie my roomate left in his reach so I have to watch him for that.  I love the little fucker so much.
I hate you...I've resorted to crushing the pill and placing in her food
What a good pupper :D
I trained my dog that he gets food after he takes his daily pill. Took a few days but now he eagerly takes it.
The dog be like “ah shit the perc 30’s”
One of my previous dogs managed to work out how to eat it all, peanut butter and everything, and then regurgitate out *just* *the tablet*

&#x200B;

witchcraft
My one jerkface of a dog, Bear, used to take his pills like this with no issues. Then he spent a weekend at Grandma's and now will only take them wrapped in ham. I tried pill pockets, tricking him with cheese, tossing treat-pill-treat. He will spit them out and stare at me. I still blame my mother 😂
As a foster I never know what the dogog will want to get them to take their meds. Hot dogs usually work, but I've had some clever doggos that ate around the pill, leaving it behind. Others have flat our refused, some go for the peanut butter, and on the rare occasion they just eat the pill, no problems.
Mmmm chalk cookie
Good Boy!
My dog lucks ask the PB off the oil and leaves a clean pill on the floor. American cheese rolled up in a ball around it always works though.

At least the heart worm medicine is like little treat tablets he loves.
My parents put it inside of a steam bun to feed my little Shih Tzus and that seems to work
Are those glucosamine pills? My dog used to do the same thing too. Except he actually got excited and would start slobbering for it everytime haha. Still miss him everyday :(
Our boxer pit used to loveeede her sucrulfate  liquid, sweetest dogs.
Some dogs are just like that, yeah. Ours is SO intent on eating anything that might be edible that he's as happy to eat pills as treats. Unfortunately, he's often just as happy to eat poo......
I gave my puppy her first heart worm and flea and tick pills and she ate them no problem. While our old boy (RIP) would hide and run and lick all the peanut butter and leave the pill. Got to the point that when he needed his arthritis meds I’d just shove them in his mouth and then he’d fake swallow and spit it out. So I’d shove them to the back of his mouth. Like dude I’m trying to prevent you from being in pain.
Your dog is a darling. Those eyes!!
My dogs heartworm prevention looks a lot like that, she gobbles it up. She also will eat anything you put in front of her except her dogfood which she likes to spill everywhere first and then wait several hours before munching it up
I have heartworm meds for my dog that is a large tablet like this. It is flavored so they don't have to just taste the medicine.
My one dog is a lunatic.  She ate every pill ever given her, you drop an advil you're going to race her for it.  


Then one day she stopped.  She takes them fine but will not do it on her own anymore.
Smart pupper knows what's good for it. 
Well done taking care of him/her too!
That look at the end: More snakk?
That’s a good boy! ❤️
[r/aww](https://www.reddit.com/r/YouFellForItFool/comments/cjlngm/you_fell_for_it_fool/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app)
Not to be edgy I promise. But that really does look like a Percocet
That’s not a regular pill. That looks like one of those pills to help with their joints. When people say dogs don’t eat their pills I believe they are referring to actual medication from the vet.
Damn my dog can do this I didn’t know it was this easy to get upvotes.
He's truly a good boy.
My kitten is pretty good about taking pills! My trick was giving her a crunchy treat, pill, then a crunchy treat again. After a couple times doing that I was able to just give her the pill like a treat.
I had a black Labrador as my first pet.  Yours is beautiful!
My dog does this too! It's Veramax and they press it with dog food so they'll eat it. Smart.
A cutie pattootie!
absolute trust.
I feed my dogs gummi bears and will ask them excitedly if they "want a piece of candy?"

I give them their medicine the same way.
Aww das good boi
After 10 years had to switch to cream cheese. Before that cheese spread. Vet told me Liver wurst has an enzyme that destroys doggy kidneys
/r/notLikeOtherDogs
I mean wouldn't it be easier to just pretend to be eating it then drop one on the floor.  Pur dog would be like "you dropped sit then it's mine, sucka"

No time to decide or figure what it is. Just eat it quick
That look at the end: got more... Pills?
I still remember my step-mums golden retrievers.

For both of them she put a pill inside a mallow biscuit in the center of a mixed saucy dog food with crunchy biscuits on top and along the bottom. A whole doggy meal.

They wolfed it down, no mercy, like any golden retriever not even pausing to breath. At the end, both dogs had a pill sitting at the bottom of their empty bowl.

Jokes on them cos she shoved it down their throats a minute later.
THE GOODEST BOI! May the sunshine on his waggly tail always!
Ancient vacuum cleaner.
What a good boy
Of course black scientists are pill poppers
Product rec incoming: My ancient dog takes pain capsules twice a day. He would eat around peanut butter or cheese, but I started getting "Pill Pouches" from Milk Bone and they work great. They're cube-shaped, about the same consistency of carmel candies (you know, the square ones?) with a hole through the middle. You can get a 5-pack (25 per pack) from Amazon for about $15.
Rave Boi.
He wanna be a healthy boi
If these are the joint pills, mine loves them. I even tried one and they taste like bread kinda
[deleted]
Is that a Fastrack/Conklin dog vitamin, by any chance?
I just drop his heartworm pill in his food and he gobbles it up no problem every time
Your dog doesn’t hate the pill
Lol my dog does this too! He just thinks he’s getting a treat.
Such a good dog :D 10/10 would pet
In my experience black labs will just have at anything. Will never forget the time me and my ex were walking her black lab and before we could even register what had happened she'd scoffed half a squashed sandwich off the floor that was still partially wrapped in tin foil. We freaked because of the foil. She was fine in the end though
The best girl
My dog trusts me absolutely. He will eat anything that I give him.
Mine chews the cheese off around the pill and spits it out if anyone else gives it to her. I can pretty much just put the pill in front of her, but she unleashes the sass when my family/friends are left to take care of her ( on the rate occasion I go somewhere without the old girl).
Awe this made me miss my lab. 

I had a black lab named Roscoe that was just like this. We took him to the vet and the vet made a big fuss about the pills. "You'll need to mix it in food, or peanut butter, or here's how you open their mouths and force it down". We got to the car afterward and my mom is like, "I'm worried he won't take it what do we do?". 

I said "watch this"; popped open the bottle, dropped one into my hand, and said "Roscoe, take this". He just lapped it up and ate it like it was no big deal. My parents were stunned. I miss that good boy.
Yes but lab/lab mixes are black holes of hunger
Too cute. My lab is like this too. No matter what, if you ask “do you want a treat!?” she will eat it 🤣
Such a good girl! And so beautiful!
Good doggo!
Eat thing
My sheltie is the same. He sits by the cabinet every morning waiting for his allergy pill. I don’t have to disguise it at all.
Were can I get one of those cause I'm starting to get an infection.
Mine would only take her medicine in a "pill pocket".  Those things were freaking expensive
every fukkin time.

im gettin better tho.
That's flavored medication... Lying ass OP
u/dovahkiinSatan
“What is this? Thing? I eat thing. Okay thank you.”
Good dog.
I had a dog who would take up to 5 pills and would have to get some 3 times a day. We went through so many things to get her to take them over the two years she had to have pills. Pill pockets, cheese, peanut butter, meat, hot dog, you name it and we probably tried it. Everything would work for a couple days and then she would wise up and refuse to eat that food at all anymore.   It got to the point we were having to shove them down her throat every time. Then she discovered little Debbie snack cakes. By this point she only had about a month to go so we said screw it and she got her pills in a small piece of snack cake. She was happier and after talking to our vet about it she said it wasn’t the best thing in the world but it didn’t matter at that point so go for it.
🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
Yeah flavored dog medication makes it much easier.
awww cute babey!!!
That looks like a palatable pill though. They usually are ok.
We just toss some treats to the our dog, toss the pill and some more treats. She eats em so quickly she doesn't notice.
r/notliketheotherdogs
Such a sweetie pie <3
Come on man. That's one of those flavored "chewable" pills designed specifically for dogs. 

Heck any dog familiar with bring fed treats will usually eat those
Your dog is so so cute
Legend
Wow‼️That’s incredible❣️Your dog totally trusts that anything you give them is edible. My Maltese will not take her medication unless it is embedded in chicken-flavored pill pockets. Even then, she sometimes eats only the pocket itself, and ejects the pill‼️ You are blessed❣️
Now he has earned double treats! 15/10 good boi.
Beautiful doggy.
Owwwww such a good boi :D
Wish my dog was this calm for his pill then again I just shake his pill container and he runs to me. He lets me open his mouth and pop his pill in. Give him a treat and he's happy.  So....I guess just teach em young!
I like how the dog is like “... Ok. Now what else you got?”
We psyched my childhood dog up like we were gonna throw a treat ... and she gobbled it up every time we threw it up in the air.
I have our dog sit so then she thinks it's a treat.
we use cream cheese on toast for my little bastard. He is a drama queen if he tastes it.

Also, this looks like one of those heartworm (or flea tick they coincide at times, i don't know which is which) pills that is liver flavoured. I'm on to you op, making your dog to be even more amazing thatn it already is.
I have a lab as well who will eat anything including dead birds, tissue paper, stink bugs, and anything else on the floor. Dogs are weird!
Do they discern the horrible taste when chewing a pill or does it not bother them?
That looks like a glucosamine tablet that I give my dogs. If it is, that tablet smells salty enough for most dogs to eat it on their own.
Lucky mine is the same, though for my neighbor his dog I have to shove it down her throat, otherwise she spits it out.
That fella deserves better. I’m taking some percs or something
Those are the eyes of a dog that loves and trusts you unconditionally.
Yeah I'm pretty sure my golden would eat anything I handed her like that, she thinks everything is food until she can't eat it.
Impossible
When I first got my dog she had separation anxiety so bad that she needed Prozac and Ativan (she’s all better now and med free). I was able to just hand her the Prozac capsule like a treat. Silly puppers.
The last dog I had watched me take my meds 2x daily so when I had to give her pills, she didn't think twice about it.
Put it into watermelon - my dog swallows it whole.
You've convinced him it's a treat .. traitor
Awww labs will eat anything
What a good pup!
My old dog was like that! She got her Proin pill (is that the same med? It looks similar!) with her biscuits every night and you could toss it and see if she caught it. She always ate it. To her it was just more food.
Honestly yeah,my dog wanted another tablet after being given her de-worling tablet
Aww! What a good pupper. Mine varies his joint meds he eats like treats but when we had him on Trifexis that was a battle; even covered in peanut butter or cheese. I believe it was the strong medicinal smell. I was even like this smells gross! Now that we switched meds I just throw it in his food bowl and he’s none the wiser. 

I have head that if you freeze strong smelling meds for pets that sometimes help with taste and smell. And dogs are able to eat no problem
That's a glutamine pill and it is garlic flavored. Of course he's going to eat it.
r/petthedamndog
Those puppy dog eyes!!!
Wot.
My dog just eats it too! I’m so glad his food driven self doesn’t care about medicine lol
Meanwhile I’m chasing my dog, sitting on her, hand down her throat
My cat has a capsule that he has to swallow whole twice a day, not a fun process.
r/notliketheotherdogs
Black labs are just the sweetest dogs.


All the ones I’ve met have been so gentle and kind. The Fred Rogers breed of dogs
I'd say having a labrador or golden retriever do this is cheating - those guys eat ANYTHING
So something kind of similar happened to my cat after she broke her toe - she *hated* the first time I had to pill her, cause it tasted bad and had to force her to swallow it. The weird thing came when it was time for her next dose; I held it in my hand and she started sniffing it, then she just...ate it.
Grind the pill up and mix it in with wet cat food. Dog --- Ohhhh cat food..snork snork...gobble gobble gobble!
They make medicine like treats now. They mix in some stuff dogs like. My dog does the same thing.
I put peanut butter somewhere else
I just knew she’d be a Labrador!
I just walk around the kitchen,  then "accidentally" drop the pill, and my dog snaps it up.
I love her so much. Please give her all the pets and love.
I used to have to hide my dog's tablets in her food but somehow she could sense it was there and just ate everything around the pill. I felt defeated.

edit: Ah. I see I am not alone in this.
I went through a lot of shit trying to orally medicate my cat until I dropped it and he just ate it. Now he just eats it like this.
Labrador’s think everything is a treat for them
Oh, what a good boy!
is the pill flavored?
My sister has a lab with a thyroid condition and gets a pill twice a day (not a flavoured one, just a plain old thyro-tab) she like dancing around and exited for pill time. We call her our little drug addict.
Good girl.
Cats are worse in this regard IMO.

They decide whether they want to eat something based on whether you want them to eat it.

My Omelette? Coffee? Curry? Bam, cat face buried in it the moment I turn around. 

The bowl of wet food upstairs? It's the wrong kind so he must sing the song of his people.
That's funny I have an uncle who does the same thing with opiates.
Looks like my dog's heartworm pills. They smell like chicken stock, she acts like they're treats since her super limited diet doesn't allow for many. (Severe corn allergy, poor thing will scratch herself bloody.)
Oh he looks like such a good boy😍🐶
My dog does this too. First time we have him a pill he ate it instantly. Then he tried to eat the rest of the pills still in the packaging on the coffee table.
It's because u have a very good doggo
My dog loves pills, will gladly chew a fish oil pill
One of my dogs LOVES fish oil pills and will take them straight with no trickery. My boy dog hates pills but he sees her eat it so he tries but gets so confused. He starts eating it, tastes it, then looks at her confused like, "did we get the same thing?" It's fun to watch my boy dog having an obvious bad time but continuing to eat it out of stubbornness.
Our Labrador was like this too though, they are just incredibly over the top well behaved and devoted. 

"I have to eat this?" 

"Ok if you say so, I'll eat it..."
So i read a comment somewhere in here saying they're not Nestlé smarties so I googled it and we have them too, atleast in (Ireland and & UK), now all those sarcastic comparisons to drugs makes sense hahaha

"How'd you get so buff?"

"Smarties"
I used to ‘pretend’ to drop the pills by my dog when she was a puppy and she thought she was getting away with something. She’s since figured it out and now I have to force it down her throat. 🤷🏻‍♂️
She’s a good girl
Haha my dog is the same!
Vet: “Make sure you wrap her heart worm pill in lots of cheese. It tastes horrible.”
Me: “Whimsy you want a treat?”
Dog eats it down without hesitation.
Omg your dog looks just like mine! I got her from the pound and they always told me she was a lab/hound mix. Do you happen to know what breed she is?
He must be fun at parties
My dog does the same thing. Probably because he knows he gets 2 cookies afterwards
That look at the end was like “ok I ate it why are you filming me still”.
Labs😃
My dog does the same thing with pills, but he also has a problem eating socks....and rocks....maybe i just have a dumb dog.
I’m so glad my dog likes his heart worm pill!
The ol' eat it first, smell it later.  Our one dog will do this and the other is so picky.
Such a good dog!
You better pet that very good boy/girl right now for that or I’m gonna pet you with a hammer.
This is my aussie. They warned me after her surgery that I would have a tough time giving her pills. She is so gluttonous that she would actually be happy to eat the pills. Idk if it was because i said "Good girl" or she is just a fatty in her heart
Must be part lab. They eat everything !
You have no idea how lucky you are.
not like other doggos
This looks like a good girle to me. Am I right or is it a good boye?
I have to take this to feel better? Okay hooman, I’ll do it.
That looked like one of those dog cosequin pills. My dogs will flip shit to get one of those.   
My 11 year old mastiff will spit out a tramadol no matter what I cover it with.
Certified. Sick. Poor doggo
She take bc she good girl
I wrap mine in cheese, he fishes the pill out of the cheese, spits it out, then licks it up and eats it.
Our old dog we would open the capsules and pour it into cottage cheese along with a little bit of sugar and mix it all together. The dog absolutely loved it
r/notliketheotherdogs?
Oh, your doggie is so sweet!!
My dog begs for my pills now. That dumbass will eat anything
Your dog is adorable! Those eyes are so sweet and trusting.
Cosequin supplement? Dogs love those.
Good boy!!
Hopefully you told him what a good boy he is.
r/notliketheotherdogs
My dog did this too! It's great to see he's not the only one.
maor PLAEASE
r/notliketheotherdogs
My dog is the exact same way, we give her epilepsy medicine every 12 hours at 8:00 and whenever she hears that alarm she gets excited.
My dog was awful taking pills when she was younger. Nothing worked, she’d lick the peanut butter off and spit the pill out lol now she’s 14 and we have a serious conversation “I need you to take your medicine pleeaaasseeee, good girls take their medicine, after the medicine you can have a snacky” 
And she eats the pill wags and waits for the snack.
My dog eats everything, anything that she can get her paws on. She would probably consume an entire cup of pills if she had the chance
Being a dog owner of dogs who are always looking for food, often times in the wrong places, I can say that having a dog like this would give me constant anxiety.
I'd like to see you try that with a capsule of gabapentin
LOOK AT THOSE EARS!
What a lovely dog! The black labs I've worked with have almost universally been total sweethearts. I've had to give two of them pills and they've never been fussy about it, but none of them are as good at taking them as yours!
r/notlikeothergirls
My dog used to scarf her heartworm pill but just recently started spitting it out even if i wrap it in cheese.
Is that Rimadyl? My dog takes a similar pill and does the same.
What sorcery is this?!
I have to get my dog in a chokehold and shove it far enough back. Then she looks at me after and is like “play time?”

HELL NAW. I’m covered in your slime. 

10 minutes later her body has somehow found it and magically transported it back on the kitchen floor.
maybe he spits out peanut butter..
