OMG LOOK AT THOSE PAWS!!!!! What a cutie!!!!!
I bet Gibson wants a cat. Now it's 2 against 1.
I think a compromise would be a fox. Cat software running on dog hardware.
Look at his face, though. You can't not love him
“Compromised”
Gibson wants a cat
That face!!! 🥺🥺🥺
Your wife won the battle
You could have named him Cat
By chance is he named after the guitar brand? I play, so I’m just curious. Regardless, he is freaking adorable. That face! Good luck telling him no. Lol
i am the pup,  look in my eyes -

you callin me a 'compromise' ?

the mom - she want me all along,

but do you think that i did wrong ?

i'm very small, am kinda scare,

you humans sure look BIG up there

the momma sez that you're my 'dad'

so sorry if i made you mad

am gonna try so very hard 

(n learn to pee out in the yard...)

then maybe, some day - no regret,

n you can *love me* as your pet

but one thing more i wanna say -

I love you, daddy

anyway

❤️
One of the best cats I ever had was a dog.
Get a cat, let them grow up together. It will be good.
Oh boy. Gibson's hands are HUMONGOUS! He is going to be a very big fella, and probably very adorable!!!
By the size of those paws, you are about to have a LOT of dog.
That thing is universally cute af
Gibson “Les Paul” he is rocking 👍🏻🍀😎
I don’t think that’s how compromise works.
But really, why not both?
I don't see the cat.  

When it comes to pets, a compromise is getting both.
Omg I am so in love 🥰🥰🥰
How did you compromise bro that is straight up a dog
You didn't compromise.  You got a dog.
He is perfect!
I want soft bite his paws.
Yeah hes going to be a big boy. Look at those mitts!
That's a fine looking cat!
Too many compromises. You want to watch the karo-net tournament; she wants to listen to music, so you compromise - you listen to music. You like Earth Jazz; she prefers Klingon Opera so you compromise - you listen to Klingon Opera. So here you were ready to have a nice night watching the karo-net match and you wind up spending an agonizing evening listening to Klingon Opera.
such a cute kitty.
You should get a Bengal. It's a cat that acts like a dog. I think my grey tabby is part Bengal. He is huge and acts like a dog. He comes when he's called and plays fetch and despise all other cats but loves my dogs.
She didn't compromise that's a dog dude.
Well, he's almost as cute as a kitten 😁😊... get him a kitten 🤣😁
I don't think that word means what you think it means...
That is NOT a cat. Cute puppy though
Gibson deserves a cat friend to grow up with :)
True compromise would be getting one of both. Now go buy a kitten so you have the perfect pair.
cool cat
Will you get a Cat and call it Fender?
That title is some r/boomershumor
Ah, the ever-original "I wanted *x*, wife wanted *y*, compromised and got *y*" title.

Wives bad, upvotes to the left.
Man, I cringe every time I see one of these “compromise” posts.
Both is best
Hahahaha, yet another 'my wife wanted something and I wanted something else so we did what my wife wanted' because that's so hilarious every time this is posted.
I see this as an absolute win.
Excellent compromise, he's a darlin'!
Yes cats and dogs do get along
Look at the size of those paws!
A fox would have been the real compromise.
That is not a cat-dog, and it will get much much bigger.  Very quickly.
Compromise is loss.
Gibson should grow up with a kitten... Gibson demands a kitten for himself even
Most cliche dogbreed anyone can get.
Get a kitten at the same time, then they will be BFFs furrever
Nice compromise, he will the size of a cat for approximately 2 more days
You do know your wife won right?
Why not both? Totally cute puppers!!
Gibson cool
get a cat. now
So adorable!! I just want to hug that cute little face! 🥺
Gibson loves you.
Gibson is beautiful❣❣
Chocolate lab, eh? Enjoy! They're willful and stubborn gits, but they're the absolute best.
Looking at those paws, you know Gibson’s gonna be a big boy
I used to have a Gibson. He was the sweetest boy in the world. Cherish and love your Gibson and play with it always
Lil chocolate lab baby! I miss the time when mine was that size!

You're going to have a blast with him, I'm sure of it! :)
Who’s a good boy?!!
Give him a belly rub for me
No. That's too adorable.
Why not both?
Ohhh man this dog is gunna be your best bud and try to eat all your food
Supercute!

Where did you rescue from?
Gibson looks exactly like [my sister's dog Lola!](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/516711384814190677/683020835019161600/image0.png) They're both so cute
I wanted a dog, my wife doesn't want a dog. We compromised and we don't have dogs.
Ooooh enjoy the first year Hoss, I have a one year old chocolate lab and he’s just starting to settle down. They’re clumsy, goofy, and full of energy
A Maine Coon would have been the perfect compromise. Source: owned by a Maine Coon.
You know he’s been married awhile when the compromise is that she gets what she wants.
Should've gotten a Maine coon (dog) or a husky (cat)
"compromised" 

Yep, you are definitely married.
sounds like my relationship. i want tacos, she wants pizza - so like mature people we we compromise and get pizza
“Of course he’ll stay cat-sized forever! ... this is a different kind of dog, I promise!”
Should've gonne for a *cat software in dog hardware*.
I didn’t want a dog. My wife did. We got a dog. 😂 how most compromises work in a marriage lol
Can I ask what breed this little cutie is?
I see the husband's dictionary definition of compromised is still the same...
Dogs > Cats
I'm so tired of titles like this.
thats not a compromise but okay
so where is the compromise that a doggie
My word I want one! I like the we compromised comment 😂😂, full bred lab?
Dog may be cute, but this is not compromise.
Compromise means meeting in the middle. Each side gets half of what they want. The word for when you roll over and let someone else have their way is capitulate. Since there is no such thing as a catdog, compromise would have been getting both.
You could always compromise like my fiancé and I did and get both! :) i have two cats and a dog and they all get along pretty well
Simp
Is it a fusion?
I love this guy. I’ll take 3 puppies please
My girlfriend wanted a cat and I didn't, we compromised and now we have two....Relationships are fun!


I seriously love our cat's

(Also my girlfriend)
You mean, you gave in.
It’s not a compromise when you got what your wife wanted...
I think you’ll enjoy that compromise. Gibson is adorable!
Look at those paws, he's going to be a big boy!! Chocolate labs are the best!!
Gibson is a combination lab, seal, and platypus? Super cute!
I would give in for a Gibson, totally.
Omggg Gibson is adorable
And he actually looks like a Gibson too...
Perfect.
He looks so polite !
Awww
Look at those bear paws. He’s going to be a big dog. And bestest boy of course
Holy shit he's cute
You won too you just don't know it yet. Dogs are win
What a cute cat
Muh heart. We just got a little black lab baby too. They steal your life away for sure, in a good way!!!
Awwww he is sooooo cute. I have to labs, one is chocolate and the other is golden. They are both very old now and I am gonna miss them. Your dog just reminded me of when my doggos were small puppies.
He'll be cat-sized for about a week.
You lucky dog!
Look at his paws! I’m horribly allergic but this has me reconsidering. Do I really NEED to breathe? Or do I just want it?
My partner and I were in the exact same position and we got an Australian Shepherd.

8 months later, I now *adore* this dog and while I still look forward to eventually getting a cat, I can't believe the happiness this animal brings me.
Dem Paws
I don’t really know how to tell you this ... you’ve got a dog!
I’m dying right now...love chocolate labs
Look. At. Those. PAWS.
Look at those paws...he’s gonna be a big boy..
We love Gibson
Isnt he a cute little dog
I audibly said 'ooohhhh' when I opened this pic, Gibson is perfect
Overload awww!!
Pretty sure that's a dog
In your wife's defense, he looks uninterested enough to be a cat.
That s not what a compromise is ....

You wanted a cat she wanted a dog.

SHE GOT A DOG
awww Gibson is my pups name too! Is he named after the guitar, the St. Louis Cardinal, or anything else?
Wow you need a preasure washer
That's not a compromise, that's a dog.
A very precious Gibson. A great choice. I bet he would like a cat sister.
I love you, Gibson.
looks like a dog to me
So nice to have that one 😍😍😍
You didn't compromise, your wife won straight! A compromise would have meant you two getting a parrot instead of what you both wanted.
prepare to be overwhelmed with amount of dog that is. Chocolate labs are 15/10 dog.  those paws are very telling of things to come.
This puppy looks like he has a lot on his little mind. He absolutely needs a feline friend to share his troubles with!
He feet too big for his got damn body
Why can't you have both?  Cute pupper, though.  Pretty sure he'd love a kitty friend.
You compromised... By getting a dog?
Why not both 🤷‍♀️
r/ntbdbiwdfta
Handsome little fucker isn’t he
Nice Cog!
Now gibson needs a cat friend and everybody wins
He is illegally cute
Cheer up, Gibson also wants a pet cat/kitten, and you don't want to deprive him of developing important inter species relationships, or he could grow up not knowing proper respect for cats.
She didn't compromise anything you did lol
I feel like Gibson needs an orange kitty friend named Oliver or Otis
Have you owned a lab before?
Is that a Les Paul?
Gibson needs a kitten.
You can still get a cat...just sayin
Who says you can't have both? It's better that way.
‘I wanted a cat, my wife wanted a dog, we compromised by letting my wife win.’
Shouda got a cat.
Pretty sure your wife won that one
pretty sure you folded
You should get a kitten too so when you go out they have each other.
I have 3 dogs & 3 cats and they all love each other.
I want a Gibson he is so handsome 💕
Should of kept compromising and just picked up a cat that was brown. 

Or at the least make her pick up the poop.
Happy wife, happy life comprise?
Shibas are like cats or get a ragdoll they're like dogs
If you'll get a cat, please, name him Fender. Please.
There needs to be mix breed between cats and dogs so these problems would go away.

Call it...Cogs.
Why not both?
You guys got a dog... theres no compromise
That’s a dog.
Could get him a friend, a cat friend
Where is the compromise in this obviously healthy relationship?
Get him a baby duck and a kitten.
That’s not a compromise mate
So... She won?
Cats are better than dogs. Easily. Anyone who disagrees is wrong
Looks like you won buddy, getting a dog. But how could she resist !!! Precious.
Gibby needs a kitty-pal.
Get a cat anyway, he will train dog for you
Cutie patutie! Still get a cat, he’ll have a buddy for when your both away, they’re way more low maintenance and still give tons of love and affection. (Depending on the cat and how you raise them)
Is it just me or is there more "dog people" that hate cats than "cat people" that hate dogs?
Gibson has very wise eyes. His shoulders are broad and jaws wide and long. fairly large feet. Looks like he will be a good sized dog and a good one to train, he would make a good duck hunting dog.  Ay also recommend getting a kitten for your new friend. Good luck
My husband and I got our cat a few years before we got our chocolate lab puppy. Now they are best friends.
You wanted a cat?
You need a dog that was raised by cats. That's what happened with my pomeranian and she has the best of both, its great.
Hmmmm doesn’t look like CatDog to me
How can a puppy look so much like an old man and a puppy at the same time
Chocodog!!!! They’re the best my friend... I was in the same situation, now we have a girl lab. I’ve nicknamed her “shadow” because she follows me everywhere. I’m always on the ground playing with my son (3y) and she has to place her head either on my leg or feet. Give it time :)
CatDog CatDog Alone in the world was a little CatDog ...
I was expecting catdog
Cant wait to get back on the rig to haul another load. 

I hate my wife
Same thing happened to me, we now have a corgi named Digby and we love him!
It's a chocolate lab! My heart just swelled.
Your wife won
I haven't seen anything as adorable as that thing
Get a cat and they can be friends! 

Best time to do it is when they are young!
Look at the little big boy!
Gibson is perfect.
I think YOU compromised
he’s gonna be a big boy look at those feet!
That's gonna be a big cat.
Best compromise. Saved from sleeping in the doghouse lol
Looks like it worked out perfectly
I hope at least Gibson will keep his balls.
Get a cat and name it Marshall or Fender.
The English nut in me wants to rant and rave about definitions.
Compromises are much easier when you are both right
Hi Gibson!
He's so beautiful! And he's gonna be a big boy, too! Look at those paws!!
Yeah gonna need vid of this beast
You're gonna end up ecstatic with the fact that you're a horrible negotiator
Compromise? Lol you basically lost that. Beautiful puppers tho
Sounds like you lost
I wanted a dog. My husband wanted no pet... the comprise was our adorable Great Dane
BABYY
Divorce your wife - get the cat you deserve. Don't look back.
Its not called compromising mate, its called giving up
I think you were tricked, that is a dog
Look at the size of those paws!!!! 😳😳😳
You’re a terrible negotiator, but in this case the outcome was for the best.
Looks at them PAWS
"Compromised"
I don’t wanna exaggerate, but I would literally die for Gibson.
Gibson is going to be one of the best gosh darn things to ever happen to you!
My cat is called Gibson so that compensates for you
You know what goes great with a new puppy? A new kitty...
Maybe Gibson would like a kitten friend ?
Your wife is the man in the relationship, got it.
Why not both?
Dogs are the most wonderful of creatures. 
You will love him and he will love you ten fold. 

As a wife, compromise is healthy but don’t just give in all the time. I like when my husband challenges me. It doesn’t mean fight, it means speak openly. 

Gibson is adorbs. 10/10 would pat and lavish treatos.
"We compromised"

I know your pain brother.
Cute dog!


Also you definitely lost that battle bud.
Now get a cat and name it Fender
Gibson looks like he knows you wanted a cat.
FTFY wife wanted a dog. Now we have a dog. All being said that is a good looking puppet. But there was no compromise.
"we compromised" aka wife got what she wanted
So basically your wife won ?
You compromised with a dog?
What an absolute cutie.  I agree you need a cat as well.
I honestly don't know how a puppy could get any cuter. Hello, little Ibanez! Wait...WHAT'S his name....? j/k
Unless that's a cat-dog, I dont think she compromised anything =)

Dogs rule!
This is a dog, not a cat. You didn’t make a compromise. She put you in your place. 

Now, establish dominance and sell the dog and get the cat.
Those are some big paws!
Shiba inu's are dogs that act like cats. Just saying cuz Gibson needs a bro
Your wife was right.
Look at those huge paws! You won’t regret getting Gibson
Gibson needs a play buddy that can purr. Win win
You compromised well. A lab is better than your typical cat.
Looks like a fucking cat to me, not very much of a compromise.
Compromise translated = you guys got a dog
Compromised meaning you became the bitch and ended up just posting in the internet because of your wife?
Lol at the fact that you thought you were gonna win. Heh... “compromised”
Should have gotten a Catdog
If you ever need a pair of pants, i'll send you them free of charge.
The size of those paws.
Do you play the guitar?

Lovely wee dug!
That’s a dog. Don’t think that’s a compromise, I think it means you lost.
But thats not compromising.
I want a BJ on my birthday,  we now have Gibson.
Lol how is that a compromise. Seems like a 'yes dear' moment to me! "Well I wanted a cat but the wife wanted a dog so we got a dog"
It looks like your wife wears the pants in your relationship...
Should have fought harder for the cat, you coward!
OP sits when he pees.
You should look up compromise.  Super cute though!!
try a fennec fox next time.
"cOmProMiSeD"
That’s not a compromise, that’s a dog, your wife won.
you should have gotten both.  Nothing better than a cat and a dog siblings.
I think he can tell he wasn’t your first choice.
Looks more like a dog than a compromise
You compromised, she got her way.
That sounds about right. I want a dog and we already have 3 cats. I wish I could just bring a dog home but I'd feel bad because I know he really doesn't want one :(
There are going to be some challenging times in the next few weeks when you wonder why the heck you allowed this little guy into your home, but I promise it will get better.  I found puppyhood to be very hard and it was difficult for a while, but I love my retriever now and we're best buddies.  So, hang in there, take deep breaths, and YOU CAN DO IT!
This good boi gonna be YUGE
The best compromise.
Happy spouse, happy house.

It's time for a kitten.
You have chosen... wisely.
I don't think compromise means what you think it means
So, your version of compromise is wife gets her way. Understood
how is that a compromise? that's a fucking dog.
Not really a compromise if you lose but ok.
Should have been a cat.
That wasn’t a compromise, that was a capitulation #surprisekitten #furryrevenge #theyllgrowuptogether #fuckingadorable
Compromised.. like a good simp.
Uuuuuh, she wanted a dog, that is dog.  No compromuse there dawg
Lame. Cats are sooooo much better. You're missing out!
Well I have to say, I deff would agree to a 'gibson' not every day you get that much cuteness beaming from such a sweet Lil face
Congrats on Gibson, he is adorable. You guys will have lots of adventures together 😊
How many times are we going to reuse this title?
Upvoted for the “compromise.”
This little guy is adorable. I'm not a cat person myself
“Meow?”
Teach him catlike behavior.
Hey you need a cat, what about the days when poor Gibson is home alone while you're at work? He needs a friend, and what better than a cat!? A cat is required.
From what I hear a Shibe would have been a real comprise :p

Regardless, beautiful pup
My little chocolate lab lump is now 10 years old and still the best decision we ever made about a new family member in our lives. Enjoy the time as much as you can, they grow up so fast and the time flies by! Take your pup out with you as much as you can! It’s worth it.
That pup probably can't fit one of its paws in its own mouth.

Hope you're ready to have a dog that weighs as much as your wife.
So your wife basically won lol. He's a cutie tho
I mean, he is gorgeous. But no, it looks like YOU compromised.....
"we compromised" you mean you lost.
Mr, you have a weird cat.
Don’t mean to be dramatic but I would die for that dog
Very nice cat.
How was this a compromise? It's just a dog.
Get both dogs and cats are best friends.
Excellent compromise!  Time to get a kitten so they can grow up together.
Wheres the cat?
Now we know who wears the pants.
That doesn't look like a compromise.
"I wanted a cat, my wife wanted a dog, we compromised and now have a dog"
Sorry to say... but your girlfriend was right.
YOU compromised*
So you're a man then?
Even though you got cucked at least you got a pretty awesome dog.
Fuck that dog.
A cat would have been easier to take care of and more independent.
Am I the one who has to tell him? Damn, well my man you didn’t actually compromise on anything. You simply bent to your girlfriends will. Its a sad day for men everywhere.
Dogs are better anyway
That's not a compromise. Your wife won.
Gibson will ironically end up being everything you ever wanted in a pet too haha. Hes adorable!
She won bro. I dont see a compromise. But dog > cat anyway.
I thought compromising would mean you didnt get a cat nor a dog and got like a lizard or something instead. The wife just won cause u got a dog
Those paws 😍
What big paws you have!
G I B B Y
Those paws! Gonna be a big pupper like my Charlie! You are going to be so very, very happy.
Should've gotten a husky. It's basically a cat
his eyes looks like those of a human
Those PAWS
He's perfect!
Wow that’s a cute lil pupper
So it’s a cat-dog?
Does Gibson have a brother, if so I must have him.
Holy shit
Adorable
Nice cat!!
I've always vibed with cats too, but my wife's allergic, our corgi has some cat like tendencies, so I'm happy at that!
You’ve got a puppycat.
Look at his PAWS
Compromise would have been a fish or a lizard no?
He looks so polite!
Aww it reminds me when our chocolate lab was that tiny! They are amazing dogs and they LOVE to be under your feet and snuggled against you.
Meow
Happy wife happy life,
Your puppy looks like an old man.
Good ole wife card
You will have a long marriage if you keep that up.
That’s a dog...
The eyes of an Old Soul
Your wife must have a way with words.
Our dog was originally owned by a friend of mine. She was raised among cats, and seems to have half a dog brain and half a cat brain... content to just chill on a perch and watch the room, batting at things with her paw, etc etc, like a cat. But get a treat out, or start throwing a toy, and she’s 90% a puppy, 10% a little snorting (“reverse sneezing”) piggy.
10/10 actually married because this is marriage compromise when husband.
Thats not a dog thats a bear cub
Gotta love a good compromise.
Guess we know who runs the house
Well you won some brownie points. Just take it and run with it
https://imgur.com/e0B2FlB.jpg he gonna Mess you up in a year's time
G I B B Y
Tell Gibson to ask her. It will be hard for her to say no with a face like that.
That word...I don’t think it means what you think it means
That is going to be one friggin huge dog...
Man, that guy is gonna be HUGE! Look at his paws!
Did you want to name it Fender?
OMDawg! He is way too cute!
Whoa cool cat
What a cute kitty <3
I don’t think “we” was involved in this compromise.
You chose correctly.
Gibson, it is very nice to meet you. You’re one million kinds of adorable!
Look at the feet on that one.
introduce her to reddit, she will want a cat soon after that.
He is going to be a big boi look at his paws
OMG THIS BB
On the plus side, you can't hack a Gibson.
As an owner of a black lab, good fucking luck
A Lab is a fine choice for a dog.
Your wife compromises like my husband...I wanted a corgi, he wanted a bloodhound..we have a bloodhound
but he is a cuddly 121 pound wrinkly beast
You should grow some balls OP...
GIBBAYYYYYY
Gibson needs a brother or sister kitten!
i bet you saved that puppy from a kennel right? you didn't spend like 500-800$ to have it right? :)
holy fuck that thing is cute
Henlo i iz gib
You won’t regret it, labs are great dogs and will accept a kitten to play and be buds with!
Should have just got both!
❤❤❤
I know that the very common joke is that comprised means gave in, but I was hoping that in this case of cat vs dog, compromise would mean, say, fox :3
That's a puppy cat.
"Can I pet your puppy?"
Look at those big ole feet!! Gibson's gonna be a unit. Congratulations, op ❤️
>I wanted a cat, my wife wanted a dog, we compromised and got what my wife wanted 

This guy husbands
Dude. Give in.
You win
Very beautiful kid u got there Gibson is a very beautiful name! Enjoy!
Gibson is the perfect name.
That little guy is gonna love the shit right out of you. Congrats - bringing our chocolate into our lives was one our best decisions.
I think we all needed Gibson
Look at that face!! Look at them paws!! 100/10 best puppo 👏👏
Les Paws!
Ah yes, a “compromise”. Nice dog!
Omg so precious.  !
Chocolate lab?
I see you're a shrewd negotiator
Why get a Gibson when you can get a Fender?
It doesn't really look like a catdog
Ridiculously cute.. congratulations!
Lol nice compromise.
This is the way
Hope Gibson’s headstock does crack off!
Aww look at those big ol' stompers!
Such a good pup, posin' for a photo
MY CAT IS CALLED GIBSON
i would die for gibson
You can’t go wrong with a lab, just need to
make sure to get some decent training in
Adorbs!
Sweet baby!! 😍😍
A Cog?
Marital compromise in a nutshell. Have my upvote.
I don't understand how this is a compromise... Unless there is a kitten sitting behind him. (Also, good boy Gibson.)
What breed is this
[removed]
They are so cute until they grow up to be little fucking terrorists!
I love chocolate labs I grew up with them.  Super cute is Gibson a field or English stock?
Wow a real life cat dog. I thought they only existed on the old cartoon. Poor cat must be struggling to breathe with his face pressed into the ground. Good on you and your wife for compromising.
Those paws
My in-laws have a chocolate lab, his name is Teddy.  He's big and sweet, but he's dumber than a box of rocks.  But he's a great dog and one day I'd like to have one just like him.
Such a good boy
What's a Gibson?
When in doubt, get both.
For a second there I thought you were going to say a dog frog.
To be fair, Gibson is an absolutely adorable Good Boy
Gibson looks like the best of both worlds...the best of ALL worlds even.
Chocolate labs <3 this sweet little thing will turn into sweet beast with biggest hearth.
Oh my lawd that’s a cute pupper.
Close enough.
it's mom is nowhere to be found. so much for pets
LOOK AT HIS BIG HANDS
Haha I like Gibson
Looks like a cute little stinker.
Nice pup, but I don't see the guitar anywhere...
I never considered myself a dog person, but this is the cutest little pup ever, just look at those eyes!
simp
you definietly lost.
Wheee did you get him from !?i want it sooo baaad
He would’ve thought Gibson was a great name for a dog
No compromise, it will become a big dog, u folded dude, but it's cute none the less.
r/powerwashingporn Need to get in there!
That's a good compromise!
Allow me to tell you compromised more than your wife! But he's really cute!
[removed]
Cutiepie 🥰
Oh damn look at that snoot
Who lost the bet for walking him?
The first all electric ev ai pet that comes with the premier luxury tesla models
Seems your wife won, but hey. How can you not love that?
Don’t forget to get him/her spayed and neutered, just like your wife has you.
Pleae post more of this adorable guy as he grows!  Congrats on the new addition :-)
Fuck I absolutely miss my two chocolate labs.  They were the best dogs.  Be prepared for lots and lots and lots of kisses.  Fuck man, RIP Bishop and Storm.  You are missed and soon I'll have more of ya guys.  Love yall
Compromise? Looks like you lost that one to me. Cute doods though.
The title should be "I gave in and we bought a dog, otherwise i wouldn't get sex anymore"
Not sure if it's a compromise if you still got a dog, but that's ok because dogs are the best :)
10/10 would compromise again
BIG! OL! FEET!
You made the smart choice 👍
you don't understand the concept of compromise
Your wife is wise.
Gibson is all right and proper but imagine this... *Gibby*
After a bit of shrewd negotiation we met right in the middle at getting a dog.
Lol xd
You married a winner!
Isn’t he from the post about not pooping in his kennel?
Them giant paws
Great choice.
Lol I love that you “compromised” yet you have a dog... my only question is why didn’t you all get cat dog? Legendary
“Compromised”
Your wife is smart
So it's a dog...that behaves like a cat?
look at dem feets
Cool looking cat! 🐈
Please update with the pic of the cat fren you get for Gibson. Reddit has spoken. It said “meow”.  There is absolutely no reason not to get a cat now. It is will a piece of cake compared to a puppy.
Those are some giant paws, he's going to be a big one.
Stop taking pics and Gib him some love
Cutest cat ive seen!
Compromising is losing to wife. Check.
Strange looking cat
Why not both?!
Gibson is so beautiful!
Gibson won.
He's gonna be HUGE, look at those mits
I wish my compromises ended up like this!
Gibson is going to be one big boi
The perfect mix between a cat and a dog is a Shiba Inu.
What kind of catdog is this?
Look at the size of those paws! Gibson you are going to be a big boy!!!!
Dang Gibson reminds me of when my dog was a tiny puppy 😭
ITT: people not get the "compromise" joke lol
Gibson needs a friend....
Gibson is the fiercest of snugglers
So your wife won that battle then is what your saying.
Aww, an adorable brown lab. 

&#x200B;

Prepare for madness.
You'll be happier :)
Soooo.. meowoof?
That's not a compromise. Your wife won XD
Wait a second my chocolate lab is called Gibson. Nice name.
Now, who wouldn’t compromise for that small sweet face
Gibson looks like a very polite boi
He doesn't look convinced...
Vodka or Gin?
Every time I see a damn dog I just... I just can’t EVEN
Compromise would be half cat/ half dog.
Look at himmm!!
Get a kitten. You can raise them together and they won't know the difference.
SIMP
Gibson looks cold, and utterly adorable
Could also get a ‘Les Paul’
I thought this meant that Gibson was somewhere in between dog and cat and not that you compromised and just got a dog. Still wholesome!
Paws! You can tell he's gonna be a big boy
Omg he’s so lumpy and adorable!!! I can’t stand it!
Compromise 100
Great cat.
Omg so cute
Gibson is cute as fuck
WHAT A GOOD PUPPY!!!
He gonna be a big boy. Look at the chonky paws
Quite the smol Gibson you have there
As compromises go, you could've done much worse. At least its a real dog and not one of those little asshole dogs.
Omg look at that face!!!. I want to squeeze it.
Gibson has excellent paws, btw
So you're telling me this dog climbs trees and pees in a tray
wow this is so good
Hi Gibson.
So this is where Ben Gibson ended up
incredibly good
Gibson is so cute ❤
*"we"* compromised. I know this all too well.
Look at those paws. Gibson won't stay small.
Those paws, ! How big will he grow
Should have gotten both :)
C'mon he is too cute!!
That's no compromise. Have you never seen catdog.
Once you get past the chewing stage that Gibson is going to go through, you are going to be amazed. We have a chocolate and she is just an incredible member of our family. Loyal and as sweet as they come. Mark my words, you are going to be beyond happy with your decision for many years to come.
Literally exactly what happened with my husband’a wife..:
You got played bro, I don't think you'll regret it😉
I read it as "gibbon" and clicked to see how to adopt an ape.
Hate to break it to you- there was no compromise. The wife won.
cute doggie!
CONGRATZ! Had a chocolate for 10 years....loved every minute of it! Word to the wise, go ahead and invest in a chuck it thrower. It will be a godsend.
My last name 🙃
So wife got what she wanted
Good compromise!
Good boy
Good choice. Gibson looks like a good boy that comes back home before the dinners ready.
Awww. Gibson looks absolutely adorable! 😍
You both won
I'm sitting here with my 14, almost 15 year old chocolate lab, who is the absolute love of my life. I didn't get her until she was 9 so I missed the puppy years, so it's always awesome to see pictures like this! Take good care of this little one, Gibson will be your best friend in the world.
Seems like a reasonable compromise. I can see the cat in him. 👍
What race is this?
Cataawg
As a cat person who was convinced to get a dog over a cat. I have zero regrets. My new dog is the absolute best and we love him 100%
Those paws are a sign of future events.
Oh my heart. This is the cutest thing I have seen all day. You are soo precious Gibson. Love you
FFS I googled gibson, thought that was a breed...
One cool boi
I❤️Gibson.
Great name for an animal. I had a at named Gibson...after the guitars obviously.
Look at those paws! Hes gonna be a big boy
Compromise...

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WZIy_k4PiU8

So there you were ready to watch the caronet match... and now you are listening to Klingon Opera.
You made the right choice. Chocolate labs are just crazy enough to convince your wife to get a cat
Dude. Screw college, I’m investing in a Gibson
That's a very adorable compromise
Puppy’s are mostly cats with big toungs
Can’t name a cat Gibson, that’s for sure.
Toungs
Does he meow?
Is he half Tabby?
All things aside... handsome pup. Good stuff :).
I want a Gibson
I lost my old chocolate lab a month ago. He was 13 and the best thing to ever happen to me. Seeing this cutie reminded me of the first day I brought him home. Those big paws were the thing I always remembered most. I hope you all have a lovely life. ♡
u/nicothekiller no hai sistema
Look at the mitts on him! What a cute little guy haha.
That's not a cat, it's a cute pup
yes please, i’ll take 20
Get a power washer and give us some quality content and soon please.
that's a dog
Compromise
Sargent Pupper at your service
Keep on telling yourself that it was a compromise. 😉

Unless that's some new Cat-dog hybrid. 

You acquiesced.  +1 for that.
I thought I read a gibbon and was excited but then I saw Gibson's face so still excited.
THOSE PAWS
Let the puppy grow up a bit and then get a kitten
A compromise isn't one sided. Get a cat so the dog can have a friend to grow with.
That's my last name lol
Ah the ol' classic wife husband comprise.
What breed is it
That's gonna be a BIG cat!!
Looks like you won.
Completely unrelated but Gibson sounds like some lazy dad just wanted a son. Gib Son
That's how my wife compromises too.
My chocolate lab came out of a compromise with my wife. She wanted chocolate I wanted yellow. Thought we'd just go black but she convinced me to go see a little of chocolate pups.

Best decision we ever made. You're gonna be so damn happy with this dog.
Hey uh Ill take him
Play authentic tho
You lost. Dogs steal your life.
Por que no los dos?
What species is Gibson?
Well, at least you have pee accessibility wearing a skirt, so you've got that going for you.
HJHJHJHJHJHJH OH THAT MADE MY DAY
Ohhh so handsome!!
The Goodest Boy
She scammed you
This looks exactly like my dog did when she was a puppy 😍
Look at that face though, bet you'll end up being his favorite.
Awwww we had a lab named gibson too. I miss her :(
Gibson was a great choice!!!
Compromise worked out pretty good yo.
Good luck! My chocolate is a lunatic! Love her tho ;)
Now you have a Gibson better guitar a cat to play with
Your wife was right.
And he’s perfect.
OMG he's so adorable I just want to pet him!
Should have gotten a Ragdoll, acts like a dog, uses a litter box.
nice dog
How is that a compromise
Gibson, Les Paw
Gibson is going to be a very large cat. Look at those paws.
Hims smol
A most adorable and non-compromising compromise.
He’s perfect
so is he a cat-dog mix ?
Big paws... you're gonna need to learn to protect your lap!
The one who caves gets to pick. If it's been decided she's getting her dog, the dog you get should be primarily your choice.
Gibson needs a friend you should get a tortoise
Gibson is CUTE.

In my house, I wanted a cat and he wanted a dog. I got a cat, but he got TWO dogs (60 and 100 lbs!!). Somehow that didn't seem "even," but I guess marriage isn't. ;)
Hi Gibson!
My mom has a choco lab named Bella, she got fat so we call her big girl Bella, but theres apearantly a difference between labs and English labs. English ones are typically fat girls and boys. Just from what I've read, I'd be more than happy to be corrected. She just lost a couple teeth playing with my dog because of the chain around my dogs neck, Awful lesson to learn 😭 get safe collars people
i hate to break it to you - Gibson will turn into a DooooooooogCat as he grows up. just saying..
and he's the cutest ever!
Awesome name! My pup has the same one. (: do you play guitar?
So you had a dog. Gotcha.
You shoulda got one of those cat-dogs
ah, the three genders
I would die for Gibson 😍
Ah, the good ol' marriage 'compromise'
That's opposite way around compared to stereotypes.
Labradors are the best! Looks like your gf is a keeper!
He is soooo cute! Sometimes I’d wish they’d stay that size. #cutenessoverload 😍😍
I still would have gotten the cat. Cats take care of themselves. Compromise means that someone will be unhappy. Better her than me? Happy wife happy life my ass
Is this one of those things like "we compromised and got what my wife wanted"?
So by we, you meant your wife huh?
As a dog and cat owner, you definitely made the right choice getting a dog! your dog is freaking gorgeous! I hope you guys have a wonderful life together!
Hell of a compromise lol
So, you’ve been married long enough for husband training to take effect? Nice pup you got there!
Which Gibson model is this one?
Hmm. Right time to compromise to get a girl dog
