Same thing happens anytime I open a can of tuna for myself to eat. My cat would come racing downstairs when she heard me using the manual can opener. I even went as far as turning the bathroom fan on and opening it in there, but she STILL heard it. Unreal.
that look of "yes peasant...open my food..." Makes this all the better
My cat does the same thing, but he runs on my leg and chirp meows. He looks kind of like your cat but has a white nose. Jes Siberian. His name is Hobbes.
If Batman were a cat, this would be his bat signal.
Looks like a swipe cut.
My cat knows if you even think the word "tuna" and appears instantly with that exact same look on her face.
it's like genie in a bottle but this is cat in a can
Cats are ninjas of the animal world
Whomst has awakend the ancient one?
My little cat used to do this. She passed away last month at 20 years old. I miss her very much 😔❤️
That's all we are. Servant can openers for cats.
We used to give our cat Pixel smoked turkey slices as a treat.  It was his absolute favorite.  Eventually he figured out where we got it from in the fridge and would come running every time the drawer with the deli meat was opened.  

What was funny was that it was right next to an identical drawer filled with vegetables.  You could open and close that all day and he wouldn't react at all.  But open the deli meat drawer a fraction of an inch he would appear out of nowhere asking for a treat.

Still don't know how he could tell the difference as they sounded identical to me!
True facts: cats can teleport
What? I've been here the whole time.
Whomst has summoned the almighty one?
In my house, you can’t open a plastic bag in the kitchen without my dog running in expecting a treat. To her, plastic bags only exist for treats.
The summoning
WHAT THE FUCK.

[your cat looks exactly like mine.](https://imgur.com/a/fHCHenI)
"You shall open the canister of solid sustenance and you shall deliver it to me post haste, lest I glare in your general dirrrrrrection"
Tuna really should come with a warning:

&#x200B;

CAUTION, MAY CAUSE SUDDEN APPEARANCE OF CATS, NOT NECESSARILY YOURS.
Is this fake
/u/vredditshare

https://imgur.com/AGdXZz6.gifv
Does this remind of that one Calvin and Hobbes comic? The one with the tuna can?
I just have to open the door where the tuna tins are and my kid is thumping down the hall.
**ẁh̸o͡ h̡̛ás ś͞u͞mmon̵̕e͠d ̢me̶̕?͜͏**
Me whenever my sister makes waffles on Saturday 😄
u/vredditshare
u/vredditshare
Yeah that is me when someone yells " The mac and cheese is ready" or "Who wants Campfire Tacos?"
u/vredditdownloader
I think he's supposed to grant you 3 wishes now.
That look says "put the can on the floor and back away"
This was fabulous. Amazing how they teleport!
Be careful eating or feeding your pets tuna.

Tuna are big fish and a lot of mercury and other heavy metals accumulate in their bodies. It is recommended you don't eat tuna more than once a week.

Early symptoms of mercury poisoning:  
- nervousness or anxiety  
- irritability or mood changes  
- numbness  
- memory problems  
- depression  
- physical tremors  
It might also make you aggressive or irritable. I don't know what it does to cats, but it's probably not good for them.
Our cat has much less patience. If my wife opens a can of tuna he comes for her legs with his teeth and claws.
My cat whaps, slaps, & swipes me with her paw to "ask" to be fed with increasing urgency. The claws will come out after the 3rd swipe. 😂
My cat knows the sound of my cabinets and so I’ll be cooking or cleaning or whatever in there all day and he doesn’t bother me, but as soon as I open the cabinet that contains his cat food he immediately comes running from wherever he was in the house. It’s like he recognizes the particular squeak the hinges of that cabinet make in particular.
Schrodinger's cat just decided it was living with that sweet click of a tuna can 🙏
This is basically any cat.
activate teleport
I’m pretty sure you’re supposed to make a protective circle of salt before you summon demons from the underworld.
Same thing happens when I open a can, but the only difference is I have 4 cats that pop out of now where.
I get annoyed at this sometimes. Like usually when i cook something my cans require an opener. If I'm making chili one of the things I add has the pull tab. My cats now jump onto the counter and try to get into my chili while meowing loudly thinking it's their dinner.
Mine likes to scream at me and tell me she is there and will not stop until she gets her share.
I love that he just appears out of thin air with that serious all-knowing look
*flash:* i'm the fastest person in the world  
*this persons cat:* pathetic
He is a Endercat
[deleted]
Awwwwww
Finally, he’s been waiting.
"why is it not in my bowl, human"
My cat eats dry food only.. anytime I pop a can.. she’s there.
My cat does this when I open string cheese
Haha haha. Cats are crazy.
Bitch better have my kibble
“I have been summoned to the mortal realm once again. I hope it involves tuna this time.”
If you open a can three times in front of a mirror, Bloody Meowy shows up.
ow noo........
My dog can hear the snap when first peeling a banana and comes running. He can be asleep two rooms away and still somehow hears it
This horror movie looks cool! What's it called?
Same happens  with our cats. Trippy
My sweet baby jelly bean toes needs medication every twelve hours mixed in with his wet food, so whenever he hears me cleaning his syringes or getting a spoon out or opening a can, he comes SPRINTING towards the sound. And I feel so badly if the noise has nothing to do with feeding him :(
I’m 90% sure there’s a jump cut riiiigh around the time he puts his left hand down.
No way someone just off camera dropped the cat when it panned away from the door. Nope. No way.
Oh my
This is also my cat. I can run the water and open the can as quietly as I physically can and my cat will still come running
HEED THE CALL OF TUNA!
Haha omfg that made me laugh ty
I’m here. Let the feeding commence.
This cat knows what’s up.
He simply changed the world so he was already there. MEOW.
Looks like He just woke up lol
Who summoned the onemighty
Whomst has summoned the ancient one
My cat legit knew the sound of pulling the plastic off a 3 pack of tuna
My gf does the same thing with Pepsi.
Rang? More like *summoned* :)
Cat: you summoned me?
I used to call my cat, but in vain.
Then I started shaking the dry food box, 100% rate guaranteed, even if I shake it indoors.....
"I believe you posses what is mine, human"
I have two cats that will be upstairs and the second I crack one open you just hear wild banging coming all the way to the kitchen
I/404wan Herman van 4 straten verderop als hij de koelkast hoort
My cat comes running when I open any kind of can thinking it's tuna. If I open a can of beans she will meow at me until I let her smell it. Only when she sees its something she is not interested in will she leave me alone.
Looks like a Maine coon
Cats are wonders of physics. They’re solid, then instantly liquid, as required. They change the gravitational fields around them and they teleport. You could pop a top or rattle a treat bag on Mars and a cat would appear to accept her due.
He has acquired

*T E L E P O R T A T I O N*
Yes, cats can teleport. Bugs me out sometimes. I don’t hear people talk about it though.
Teleportation skills are impressive.
u/vredditdownloader
u/VredditDownloader
How cool is that
u/vredditdownloader
Reminds me of this:  [https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/candh/images/c/c5/Tuna.png/revision/latest?cb=20120813020312](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/candh/images/c/c5/Tuna.png/revision/latest?cb=20120813020312)
u/vredditdownloader
You summoned me hooman?
FLASH
One day I opened a can and my cat didn’t do the same and that’s how I figured out she ran away
My puppies as soon they hear The drawer their there.
u/vRedditdownloader
Smooth kitty
LOL
So true!
/u/vredditshare
u/vredditdownloader
Hobbes?
Instant transmission
They can teleport.
r/blackmagicfuckery
Haha
Teleportation exists!!
How do they always know? Can they smell through the can?
I know how cats do that, as soon as my cat Julios hears me open this container containing his cat food hes sprinting full speed at me
The opening of the tuna or cat food can is sometimes the only way I can find my cat in the house.  The look you get when you open something like (spaghetti O's) that is not tuna/cat food is like the one on your cats face.
My cat is like this. She would be deep in the sleep on the couch, as soon as i open a can she apears behind me.
Awe. Neko Atsume irl.
"The audacity to make me wait"
Cats can hear better than dogs. I'm fairly sure the initial setting it down on the counter triggered the move.
So serious
u/vredditdownloader
Ah yes human you have provided me with SEA MEAT
I dig that cat's entitlement. Good thing cats can't snap. He would be like, snap\* "Tuna, now."
*OMIE WOMU, SHINDEIRU*
Cats' audio processing is 0% listening to humans, 5% identifying predators and 95% identifying and categorizing sounds related to the opening of food packaging
Please tell me this cat is named Lurch.
Blake?
Mine is so addicted to canned tuna, he goes berserk whenever he hears the sound of can being opened.

It's gotten to the point where we have to hide in another room and shut doors if we have to open a can of tomatoes.
This is some Calvin and Hobbes stuff!
Cat has learned to teleport
u/vredditshare
You have Church from Pet Sematary as your cat
"Whoms't has summoned the almighty one"
Yours just sits there? Lucky. Mine circle their bowls like a couple of starving sharks
Upvoting for that reference.
u/vredditshare
2x here. Both pigs. But cats. Pig cats. Cats that eat like pigs.
Get a spoon and eat it in front of it
This SAME EXACT THING happens at my house too! And the meowing starts when I get the dishes out. They make a very distinct noise.
u/Vredditdownloader
[removed]
My cats know the sound of the glass bowls I use to feed them and the can of food itself so I have cats at my feet and on my legs the second the can/bowls touch the counter.
My cats do this with all cans now. when I make myself tuna salad I drain the tuna water into their dry food. Is it safe?
/u/vredditshare
u/vredditdownloader
This happens even when opening a can period the only problem is when it's a can of people food like beans then j gotta hear him cry all day about how starving he is with a full bowl of food it just not juices food
LOL!!!
[removed]
TIMBERCATS
The dude has a teleporting cat.
Nice repost had to see this again
If the cat is used to food following can noises, then this makes sense.

My cat smells tuna once the can is cracked, in less than 10 seconds; I usually don't even get it open before I get r/catswhoyell material hauling ass down the hallway like it was 5 cats galloping.

We don't feed wet food from cans, so he doesn't know can noises.

Incredible noses.
Try surstromming
Your cat can teleport.
u/vredditdownloader
"Good evening"
Hoomen has my food??
He looks just like my cat and he would definitely do the same. 😭
Lol!!
Garfield?
/u/vredditshare
I haven't tried covering the sound yet when I open a can of tuna. Every time both cats are at my feet howling before I see or hear them coming.
such a beautiful cad
My cats would come rushing the moment we opened the specific cabinet where we stored the tuna.
Maine Coon stargate fuel... 

&#x200B;

... confirmed.
I heard this
I had a cat who was nowhere in sight ‘til she heard a knife slice into a cantaloupe. Within seconds she’d be on the counter. 

She had to really want that cantaloupe too cuz with MY Mother she was taking her life in her hands getting on that kitchen counter
That’s how quick I am when my girlfriend tampers with my ps4.
When I need to lure my cat old from a hole or a small area in the house, tuna has always been the trick.
/u/vredditshare
/u/vredditdownloader
My cat does the same thing hahaha
Me: gets any food




My dog: _bianca has teleported to 422 69 89_
Join us at r/HappyPig
u/vredditshare
u/VredditDownloader
/u/vredditshare
Amazing
u/vredditshare
On r/itemshop 

The magical tuna can
Summons a random cat on openig
I wish i could upvote this more for your Addams Family reference.  Well played.

Long live Lurch.
That cat look like the one from pet cemetery 2019
u/vredditdownloader
My spoiled brat stopped showing up when I open his can, he just stares at me from a spot on my bed - knowing full well he will eat when he, and only he decides it is time.
We found a stray several years ago and she was in very bad shape. She wouldn’t respond to any sounds, so we thought she might be deaf. 

We noticed she had trouble eating the dry food, so I bought her some wet food. She ran from across the apartment when I opened the can. We still have her and she’s still that sneaky and stubborn.
It's a cat genie
Very nice
lol. Teleport cat teleports to where da fish iz. “Scotty? Beam me bream!”

Reminds me of our two kitties who would telepawst to the kitchen in a feline femto second at the sound of the dried Go Cat noms rattling in the box as I removed it from the cupboard. 

Mum polished the kitchen floor so younger kitty would slide across the floor when she fruitlessly hit the brakes. Hilarious!
Cattyman, Cattyman, Cattyman
My cats do this too. As soon as I clink to cans together, they herd into the room and yell at me. It's the greatest thing.
It's a teleporting kitty, run! So adorable though!
don't give up ??
/u/vredditshare
That's one good, patient kitty. You're a lucky servant.
Is this my cat?
My cat doesn't seem to like tuna but always comes running anyway.
Waddy
u/vredditdownloader
Fuckin grip it n rip it baby
Yes please
Anytime I move my cat’s bowl she comes runnin
The cat’s just like: you know the drill. Give me the fish and I won’t slit your f*cking throat.
NANI!?!?
u/vredditdownloader
I want a butler like that
Oh hi there Hobbes!
If I open even a packet of tuna for myself my cats smell it across the house faster than I knew scents could travel.
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
They know where is food coming from.
Just like the adds
We used to feed my first cat tuna occasionally but we never ate it ourselves so cat thought tuna was cat food basically.

Few years later we thought we prob should eat tuna ourselves its good for us. 

Cat would literally howl at us with the most angry meow whilst eating the tuna. Like wtf you eating my dinner??!!
This is my morning routine with my cat.
Happens whenever I open a package of American cheese. All three cats and the dog show up immediately even if there on the other side of the house.
Very familiar
Reminds me of Tony Wonder hiding, waiting for someone to say "Wonder".
My dog is the same with tuna, she does not eat it, she just loves the smell.
More like summoned...
I guffawed.
My sister's cat chased my son around her house because he had a crinkley bag that sounded like his treat bag. I couldn't stop laughimg as he ran aroind the coffee table, tubby silver tabby right behind him.
The power of smell
Terrible mr kitty
That kitty knows which side his bread is buttered.
Demon cat
This is so fucking accurate, lmao.
This is edited.
Our cats must be related. Their deep rooted food magic amazes me
what a cutie: My cats do the same thing. Even I just shake the box of dry food, they come running.
Puss with out the boots
My cat used to do the same. 

She could be asleep in the other room but would get in the kitchen in less than 1sec when I opened a yogurt.
*teleports behind you* do I smell TUNA?!
You summoned him from his lamp
This is my cat whenever I open a bag of ham. If for some reason I can’t find him, I open a bag of ham and he comes running. It may actually be his trick for getting me to give him ham... now that I think about it.
My black cat does this anytime we start the slicer now  
She's a spoiled little brat and i love her
Guess the cat knew that something smelt.... *fishy*
So cute and funny!
u/vredditdownloader
This made me smile after a shitty day, thank you.
Like the old Garfield comic where he zips in to find Jon with a waffle cone, going "How do you HEAR ice cream?!"
/u/vredditdownloader
/u/vredditshare
u/vredditdownloader
Was it wearing an invisible cloak 😱
My cat does that
Spoiled lil guy! But im happy to see that! ❤
u/gifreversingbot


Edit: https://imgur.com/paUdFyv.gifv
Teleporting kitty, triggered by tuna.   Funny that cats love it so much because a cat would never encounter a tuna without human assistance.
🤣🤣🤣
u/vredditdownloader
Exactly
/u/lzeiszler
Instant transmission
HAHAHA
whomst has summoned the ancient one
Lmao my cats exactly!
I LOVE THIS
My dog any time I open cheese
Your cat : did i hear FOOOD?!
Instant teleportation.
That's amazing!
Imagine having 10 cats. Start opening up cans to feed them. Pop first can and they all come running. It was quite a show.
My cats. Lol. I also trained them with a personal whistle that they respond to now even if there is no food. It’s my personal ringtone.
My bf always laughed because he thought of making tune and his cat would show up.  I am realizing that now.  I think of anything my cat may like and she just shows up.
😍
My cat liked to adventure outside and would sometimes mess with us by running away when we opened the door to let him back inside. When we wanted him to come inside right away we'd open and slam the cabinet where his food was stored and he'd come running. If that didn't work we'd either go outside shaking a treat bag or open a can of wet food.
Who else immediately thought Calvin and Hobbes
My dog with ANY wrapper crinkle.
Literally Hobbes as well.
O wow..... Or should I just say o meeeeauw
u/vredditdownloader
nanny mc.phee in a nutshull
My cats will actually steal it, I open the can and the second they notice a meat in it, it's gone
jump cut
Saw this posted over 2 weeks ago.
u/vredditdownloader
teleportation
I am the magical Jin
Oh, guarantee that cat was already on their way after hearing the rustling of that can.
Summoning Complete.
my cat is the same way,she heard the can opener and comes running but its not always tuna lol
You summoned me?
At first, I thought he was going to open a [can of surströmming](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Surstr%C3%B6mming).
My cats could be ten gardens down. Just open the can, wait a few seconds, and they come scattering in. It’s hilarious lol
Hell all I have to do is pick up the wet food container and they come running. If I break it in half they can hear the perforations tear and then come running. I can press the foil lid in and make a click noise with it and they come running..
WHO HAS SUMMONED THE ALL MIGHT ONE
im here hooman
The magic of tuna 🤗
Repost and fake that’s impressive, cute and funny video but yeah.
My cat doesn't really like canned food but she'll do this anytime you mess with any kind of bag thinking its treats.
Appears like the shopkeeper for Mr Ben
My cats know the sound on the laser pointer chain and come running
u/vredditdownloader
Mine does the same, but he is very vocal!!
u/vredditdownloader
We had outdoor cats and whenever we wanted to get them inside I'd just plug our can opener in outside and turn it on.
Best thing I’ve seen today! (It is currently 11.24PM, there are only 34 minutes of “Today” left.... in 23.5 hours, this is the best thing I’ve.... you get the picture! 😂)
Nice
*teleports behind you*
I could have sworn I saw this exact gif posted like a week or two ago.
https://youtu.be/fT8MSNmNcLM
my cat... wait i don't have cat
What a little sneak, my cat immediately starts screaming when she hears the can haha
This is my dogs with anything that might mean someone is opening the freezer. It's gotten to the point that if they see me coming down the stairs with my cup, they both go running to the kitchen to wait for me to give them some ice cubes. They even recognize the sound of the metal straws I use hitting glass and have connected that to getting ice.
Honestly I’m pretty sure that cats can teleport whenever it comes to food or something else they want. One minute the room is empty, the next you have a cat on your face after hearing a can of pineapple being opened
My cat does this
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
Endercat
My cats never gave running for tuna or wet food. I would have to physically bring vats yo the bowls. Where if wet food they lick the juices and leave the meat
Ninja cat
This has to be edited, if not, this cat is the real life equivalent of Garfield
Your a wizard Bimbo
And that is what i would call teleportation magic
u/vredditdownloader
u/VredditDownloader
u/vredditdownloader
My cat does this odd thing where, even if his dish is filled to the brim with water, once I open my bottle, he’ll come running up to me.
u/vredditshare
Whomst has summoned the ancient one
u/vredditshare
Now you get 3 wishes
u/VredditDownload
KITYY!
Magic
How do cats know they desperately desire a giant pacific fish that they would never have got hold of in the wild?
You have such good eyes. can you please say its name?
My cat is deaf but she can tell when it’s open by instantly smelling it even if she’s across the room
Best. Vid. Ever
My cat is like this with tuna. It's scary, yet entertaining!
Lol I said you rang to myself before I read it.
God that was quick. Does you cat know magic?
/u/vredditshare
If you find yourself in need, open this can of tuna. We shall come.
Minecraft:  
/summon Cat
u/vredditdownloader
This will go viral mark my words
Better than Fancy Feast
Well there is no sound so he might have called the cat, although most cats wont be so obidiant
I assume this was edited.
OP why did you post this without sound?!
[deleted]
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
That made me snort 🤣🐽
u/KOM88
😄😄😄
😧🤣
