The graffiti though. Nice!
Anyone else think that the dog was gonna cartwheel?

Edit: Why the hell is this shit getting so much fucking attention.
The good ole’ dog crushing my groin trick, gets em every time
I always ask myself, how the fuck do they come up with this and start to train something like that.
Does he wake up one day, goes to the dog looks at it, gets the feeling "yeah,yeah you'll do it!" stand on his hand for 5 minutes until the dog figures out hot to balance himself? I'll never know, but kudos to the dude and his doggo.
Oh great! Now the dogs have us doing the tricks! What's the world coming to?!
It’s a backward walkover, but that was pretty cool and funny anyway! [Wikipedia link](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Back_walkover)
So this is what Mose is up to while Dwight is at work.
Aside from the "wtf?" factor it's pretty impressive.
Do you live a on a beet farm by chance?
That's the most flexible dude in overalls I have ever seen.
I taught my dog "down" today and I felt like a genius until I saw this.
Dude out there posing backbreaking moves like JoJo characters.
At what point does it stop being a dog trick and turn into a human trick involving a dog?
Man, Cousin Moe looking good out here
Everyone else at the farm: “that boy ain’t right”
I wish I was that dog right now
/r/Upvotebecauseboy
Never saw a sexier gymnast.  Love the whole package including the boots!
Crikey! This is gorgeous!
That was so cool! Now do me next!
That's gotta feel ... funny.
This is called a back-walkover not a cartwheel of any sort. Still adorable.
 Not sure who impressed me more
How many times did this dog crush your balls doing that?
That’s not a cartwheel.  That’s a back walkover.
Mad lad
Wierd squirrel you got there!
He’s achieving symbiosis!
I NEED to see this in real life. It is so adorable!
Cartwheels are sideways. They look like the spokes of a cart going around. That was a backwards walkover.
Did I just witness farmer brown execute a flawless backbend walkover while a chiuwahwah pug thing casually strolls over his nether regions
First time ever seen this done with a scruffy guy in overalls. Usually is an attractive young female in a leotard
The world could use more French Bulldog graffiti
I'm desperately looking for a dog like this dog's breed. My first dog was exactly like this and she was the smartest and sweetest doggo but I never knew the exact mix. I know it's heavily mixed but if anyone can shed some light on it i'd be very grateful.
I think this guy was doing the half time show at the warriors game a couple days ago with this dog. The dog was awesome. He would run on the basketball.
Super cute
Not a backward cartwheel, this is a backwards walkover! Great trick :^)
Does the word, "cartwheel" mean different things in different countries? Because this doesn't look like any cartwheel I have ever seen.
Not a cartwheel: back walkover
That's sick 

Cartwheel? No.

Entertaining? Indeed.
Just so you know it’s called a “back walk over” not a “backward cartwheel”. Still very impressive though!!
this is like some cirque du soleil shit
Those must be Chuck Norris Action Overalls!
That’s not a cartwheel, that’s a back walkover.
That's not a cartwheel. That's called a back walkover. Source: Former gymnast.
That's a back walkover...
It’s called a back walkover for anyone wondering
I didn’t know the property brother was so flexible!
Halpert up to some weird stuff these days
This guy was just at the Toronto Maple Leaf game doing his show in the first intermission last night.  He’s got some unreal upper body strength.
/r/UnexpectedYoga
I’m more impressed with this guy’s back walkover. And in overalls no less!
That is not a backward cartwheel. That is called a back walkover. 

A cartwheel does not involve a back bend.
Aaron Rodgers had a farm. EIEIOOOO
Look What I Taught My Human!
“Backward cartwheel” lol it’s a back walkover
Aaron Rodgers has strange hobbies.
I’m more impressed with this dudes backbend kickover.
I see you picking up new tricks in the offseason, AARON RODGERS
Looks like the dude from “The Servant” and “Black Mirror”. Lol, so many people are going to try this and fail now.
The dog had to walk on his ball sack to do that
I hate that I’m late to this thread because no one seems to know the difference between a backbend kickover and a backwalkover. As a former gymnast it’s very painful to see all these incorrect “corrections” being made.
Things you never thought you'd see a full grown man in rubber boots and overalls
When did Moes get a dog?
Back walkover* but still awesome
its called a back walkover, but its still really cool!
I'd like to see it edited so that the camera is always lined up with his head
This is actually amazing
Damn nice back bend bro
Wtf a Farmer and a Gymnast!
Backbend?lol
Is this the guy from the Las Vegas Opium show?
What kind of parrot is that
We have found the missing [link](https://theoffice.fandom.com/wiki/The_Schrute_Family) He's the one who's closest to being acclimated with a modern/socially interactive society. You could almost say he was...the NORMAL Schrute.
That is a back walk over
Woah! Is this Mose Schrute talent show?
That’s a backward walkover
Soon I will walk by the yoga studio next door where people wear hilarious stuff.  I will think of this man.
My  back died
My dog can only piss on the devan. A cat in a swell. XD
I have the worst back pain rn and the first thing I see is this SMH lol
TRADE alert!
Back walkover. Still just as impressive!
Aaah, this kind of content always makes my day a little better. Can't explain how much I enjoy these type of things. Hope everyone's having a lovely day
Amazing! You and your dog are very skilled! keep it up!
Acrobatics call that a back walkover 👍🏻
Is this Pikachu?
This. This is the content I’m here for.
Ok will you both marry me!?
That would be a back walkover
So this is what Mose gets up to while Dwight's at the office..
Btw it’s a back walkover. For those who don’t know
I love how dogs go along with our shenanigans. They're just as immature as us lol
Dude wins every limbo line at every party
How... just, how??
Now with a chicken
What a surprisingly well executed back walkover
Y'all know that's called a backward walkover right
I was literally upvote 100k
You should cross post to r/strangelysatisfying lol
Love the way the dog is half patiently waiting for the flips
This video is fake.


The dog is a paid actor.
u/hauptsachedabei
That is called a back handspring... or walkover? Somethin like that, but not cartwheel.
That's not a cartwheel that's a ball walkover!!!!
r/oddlysatisfying
Who’s the person who did this? I want to give them credit not this poster
*kickover

Cartwheels are sideways.
#hey spiderguy do a flip
The taint walker.
This is why you stretch every day, y’all.
I like the idea of a dexterous shoulder perched animal personally.. we should have more dogs, cats, foxes, ferrets, rats, and bunnies that are willing to do this 🥰
Backward cartwheel?! LOL. Who the heck came up with that?? It’s a back walkover. Cute lil trick tho. Totally thought the dog was gonna be doing some kind of flip, not the human.
This should also go in r/toptalent
Amazing. Ya'll are so talented!! 🤩
Am i alone in feeling a little anxious when his dog steps around his private area. Nice trick btw
Thought the dog was gonna poop on his face for a second there.
He's like a pikachu
I will never know if my dog can do this
I guess it's safe doing that on the grass... the monsters won't hear a thing.
Coming to a halftime show near you!
This is mesmerizing to look at
Wow. If I tried this my back would just snap like a twig.
Wryy
Ahhh, so THIS is doggy heaven!
Ooh you should also post in r/barkour and r/animalsBeingGeniuses
Imagine how many times it went horribly wrong before this moment of perfection...
This is definitely some hipster shit.
Your Nuts 
Lol seriously how do you maintain composure when he steps on them haha
Great trick man
If I tried this with my cat, I would need multiple organ transplants.
Mose?
Nice mountain goat
Good boy.
Alright, now switch and do it again.
How do you even get your dog to do this?
Awwww that mural on the building is so cute. also really nice trick.
Jim from office showing tricks with doggo.🤗
Floor is lava
Scritches! Doggo!! Smol!!!
niubility  awesome
I wonder, is that Updog or otherwise?
nice
Does it not tickle?
Is this Borat's village
This is amazing

I watched this for 5 hours now
A true pikachu
Honey boy
Not gonna lie remind me of stardust crusaders with Iggy and The France 
guy. (I forgot his name)
I read the title as, "Awkward cartwheel dog trick." I think it still works for this situation heh
Farm Jim Halpert!
Mmm, bendy.
perfect r/barkour material
Damn, that's a flexible Amish dude.
My dog is scared of spoons?
It'll all go well till the dog spots the bone.
The dog looks exactly like my dog same curled tail and everything
[deleted]
Damn, I can’t even train my cat to “come here!”
And here I am not even being able to get my dog to sit
"Step right up, folks, and have a look at Gary, the world's most flexible farmer!  Women adore him!  Men admire him!  Vegetables tremble in fear!"
I want to live where you do.
Mose, after the "Office"
I see a lot of people getting technical and calling it a back walkover but if we getting SUPER technical, that was a kick over and a back walkover would be if he did it in one fluid motion kicking his leg up with him as he bent backwards. 

Also this video is so wholesome and beautiful I wanna save it.
Cool
My cat would do something like this
crazy
What are talking about, that's a parrot!
u/vredditdownloader
Is this Mose?
Is this going on at Schrute Farms?
Now do it full speed and see what you both are really made of.
Hey!!! Watch the nuts!
You're doing cartwheels.  

The dog is playing The Grass Is Lava.
I couldn’t do that normally let alone with a dog running around on me
The first acrobatic chicken in the world! 🤡🐓
Would that legit hurt a dude? I didn't think they were *that* sensitive but I'm a woman so I have no idea.
This is awesome but I really hoped for the dog to poop on his face at 0:04.
Вау
Cousin Mose is flexible
I couldn’t figure out what was happening on r/flyfishing for the first few seconds
Shia’s dad got a dog now...
My dog forced me to do something similar before he grew up.
Luckily the dog didn’t step in the wrong place during the whole process
Long days at the beet farm.
Jim! Mose! *FUUUSION HA!!* 😲👉👈😲
Hero
Looks like Melish from Saving Private Ryan
u/vredditdownloader
Dude looks like Jim at Dwight’s beet farm.
I thought he was Luis Suarez for a hot minute
Thought that was Sean Murray for a second xD
The graffiti is nice but yall see that plan growing upwards on the left. That some anti-graviti shit right there.
Wonder what would happen if done with a cat
The dog painting on the wall though! 😍
everything about this is magical
/u/vredditshare
Ngl I thought it said backwards cart wheel kick
Lol it’s called a back walkover, but I like backward cartwheel ;)
How do you discover you have this talent
I wanna do this someday with my dog but I'm not flexible XD
[dogs are the best people](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=rQ-fvr2qLc0)
I find it more interesting that you do this effortlessly in coveralls lol.
And what’s a good trick
This looks exactly like my dog. Except my dog would die if i tried this
Ohh my!
*back walkover*
The best thing I've seen all week
Kruta. 🖐️💪👍👍👍
Pretty cool
u/vredditdownloader
I taught my dog to sit a shake. Barely.
The dog is playing “the ground is lava”.
Maybe it's the first reason why I want dog
B'Gosh!
Wow, Mose from the Office is doing great since the show ended
Lmao that guy looks just like Jason Biggs
Big fat giant updoot!!
Imagine doing that with a st Bernard


"OW MY BALLS"
balls of steel
Lots of trust on both side
Vuuuuu
The more I watch the hotter this guy gets ...
That's adorable. Love it.
How do you find out you can do this?! Also I was very concerned that dog was going to step on his balls and the ending of the video would be wildly different lmao
what a good boy!! or gal
Aktwally, that's a back walkover, but whatever
How do you discover the dog can do that?
How are his crown jewels safe?
Crazy lol
Blase Garrecht
OH MY FUCKEN GOD
That was a backhand spring not a cartwheel it was pretty much a backflip
That’s not normal.
this is doing jym
What is farmer life?!
Most dogs chase balls, but the dogs in the background look like they're tripping balls instead.
that is a back walk over, no cartwheel.
Omg that background mural.
Now do a flip.
Young man, do this once a day, and you will never grow old and feeble.
That's called a backbends kickover. But I do agree backward cartwheel sounds cooler. 

Source: I was a gymnastic coach.
I didn't realise it was a magic trick?
That was pretty impressive.
I came here to inevitably find someone pointing this out, but I did not see it. I really love the reaction of the dog in the background in their dog field thing.
How do you even go about training a dog to do this?
Alright Dary
It’s called a backbend kick over. Me= gymnast.
This dog looks exactly like mine! I was wondering how my puppy got so talented
I love everything about this.
Have you had gymnastics training?!
Could've been a decent opportunity for Catwheel
Did you just call it a backwards cartwheel?
Back walkover
Isn’t this a back walk over not a cartwheel?
I would love to see this in reverse!
Me too, dog, me too.
Dogs + Yoya = Doga.
That looks like it might hurt is dick
Farmer Bob does a thing
This is the best thing ever
Can we make r/shoulderdogs a thing,please?
Badass Boofer!!
Not a cartwheel. Back walkover.
r/toptalent
Looks exactly like the dog my wife and I adopted, actually it could be the same dog! Would explain a lot of his current behavior.
I did not expect a man in muck boots and overalls to move that gracefully.
Good thing he isn't working with a cat.
Where does this hottie live?
Can’t tell if that dog thinks it’s part cat or part goat
Back walkover (not cartwheel), but rad nonetheless!
That's so cool. Who is he and his sweet pup?
That guy has skills
Awh that’s cute
I call this move: “walk the taint”
That's amazing

I legit thought the dog was gonna fall ngl
The trick is to send both legs back at the same time which also sends the pup to a new location
“The World’s First Daredevil Chicken” Honey Boy did this first....
u/Vredditdownloader
U/vredditshare
Wonder if this is the guy I was at the Opium show in Vegas.
Everything in gymnastics is some type of cartwheel I guess
damn, this dude is hot.
That puppy has his Hooman well trained.
The dog steps on the ween.
I thought this was Red Dead glitching up.
I dunno why, but the paint job on that house is making me so happy...
IIRC its called a back walkover.
It is amazing how smart dogs are! We don’t deserve their perfection
That’s a back walkover not a cartwheel
That’s the best thing I ever saw
How can your back handle that
*backwards walk over 

Not cartwheel 😬
Looks like jim halpert worked on dwights beet farm too long...
John krazinski?
u/Vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
Magisterial
I love the murals on the wall in the back!
I'd do gymnastics with him as well.
The dog is cute too, though.
Man I got to get out more, I didn’t know gymnast farmers were a thing.
Taint walker.
well dang!
Jim Halpert does cartwheels now?
Have watched this over and over but can't get enough
Wow...
I'd like to see him do it with a Great Dane.
John Krasinski is so talented
Vibe’n
iggy in the background
I have never seen such elegance in wellies.
Need me a doggo like this
Yes
I was too distracted by the background to know what was actually going on...
Emm so the dog walked all over his balls? Lol
I have so many questions after watching this...
Pretty sure I saw this guy perform at half time of a Mavericks game
Moes is training dogs now?
Whelp! Back to chorin’.
I can feel the dog tickling my balls through the screen
Spider dog
Well that's fucking weird.
Good boy
Not sure who I’m more impressed with
Awesome!!!!!
In overalls and galoshes, no less! 
Bet he’s fun at parties 🎉
Shia LaBeouf's dad was a rodeo clown and used to do this with a daredevil chicken
My dog kicks me in the nuts all the time and I don't have to cartwheel; what's the big deal?
Man...the Amish are lightyears ahead of us!
This is really freaking cute, but I can't get over the fact that that was a back hand-spring, not a cartwheel.
How long it take to master that?
Have you seen “Honey Boy”?
I'd yeet tf out of my dog halfway if I did that
Ok now that was awesome
That mural in the background is adorable.
That's amazing!! I meant the cartwheel, I can't do that.
around the world around the world around the world
Best episode of Property Brothers
Mountain goat*
Not a cartwheel. Back bend, kick over. 

Source: Gymnastics Coach
That doggy is the current reigning “Stay out of the Lava” champion in three counties.
u/vredditdownloader
Mose is always full of surprises...
Never thought I'd see Luis Suarez in this subreddit
WOW that was cool!
u/VredditDownloader
The biggest truck the devil ever pulled was convincing me that overalls are awesome.
How do you even teach this? So impressive when I see doggos do tricks 

Also not what I was expecting lol 😂
I love the art on the building in the background! <3
We need to call Dwight and tell him his long lost cousin Mose has been found.
Cute! The dog's not bad either.
This is some European ass shit
You call it a backwards cartwheel, when it's not a cartwheel, a cartwheel is going to the side, this is just awesome gymnastics
Nice job Mose
Oh farm boy, grab that pitcher... With your foot
I wish Krasinski just stuck to comedy instead of insisting on desperately trying to show his range.
The dog: FUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFU
Wouldn't it technically be considered a sideways cartwheel? Since cartwheels are sideways to being with
i can’t even do a cartwheel by myself, much less with a dog on me lmao
Even the next doors dog was impressed.
Honey good boy
u/vredditdownloader
Does this mean Honey Boy is based on true events, really impressive.
Cha cha real smooth
How are you doing this in garden boots? Such goals
That’s a back walkover. And very impressive
Man I love John Krasinski.
That counts into one of the most incredible dog tricks I've ever seen !!!
r/DogsRAwesome
Dog watch
His balls just got stood on and he doesn’t care
If anyone cares the actual name for this move (without the dog) is a back walkover.
Out here in Amish doin dog tricks in amish
Cool
Ouch!
r/nextfuckinglevel
That trot through the crotch valley was poetic
Dayumm, that's good! That dog is coooolll
That overall is impressive let alone the human and the dog trick.
With some editing this could be a real cool loop video
This is the best thing I have seen all week. Thank you for posting.
He's so cute <3 ♥️
The second or two where this guy got his balls walked on. I salute his strength of will.
Was that jack whitehall?
u/vredditdownloader
Oh my god the Boston Terrier art is adorable
What's the name of the guy? Asking for a friend.
It’s a back handspring
I was worried about the dog stepping on his balls for a second there
He do this in rubber boots
Balls.
HAHA love it!
Jack Whitehall has other talents!
That's really cool.
The fact that the guy can walk around with a dog on his shoulder is awesome enough
That's doggone cool!
Thats not a dog. Thats a squirrel.
This guy is such a babe.
Did I see this guy at the blazer game?
u/gifreversingbot
Pretty awesome
He’s so cute!
Such a good boi. Both of you.
r/nextfuckinglevel
Great job honey boy
Thanks for the smile!
Around the world in 8 seconds
damn, I'm guessing lots of practice huh
I did it! The perfect cartwheel- Creed Bratton
The correct terminology is back walkover...
So many ThAtS nOt A cArTwHeEl comments in here. So what?
Niiice
Red dead redemption 3 confirmed
Mario levels be like
Imagine the dog stepping on his dick while he spins and he can grab it because it would make both him and the dog fall
Try that with a cat and watch your nutsack getting pierced by little razor blade claws with the cat refusing to let go
Fun!!
Is that John krasinski? XD
The dog is a gravity bender
That's called a back walkover. And suddenly I want to teach it dog this
Impressive
That’s a funny looking pikachu you got there
sigh don't have the strength or balance to do any of that.
It's the Instagram gif we wanted
That’s called a back walkover!
Must be that farm where all the good bois go to
That’s one talented pooch! I mean, human doing a back walk-over, ok not bad. But, a dog using a human as a treadmill is an entirely different thing! That pup is going places!
That's legit cool AF.
And here I've been yelling at my dog when she walks on my balls.
But first you must get castrated so the dog doesn’t crush your balls mid-trick.
This makes me hernia pop
u/vredditdownloader
u/SpaceTMerlin your turn!
Ok, but for real, that was a great backbend kickover!
The back walkover that anyone in gymnastics, cheer, and dance has feared
Rumspringa is really wild this year.
The dog obviously too, but also that this guy can pull that move!
this whole thing is so calming to me. The doggo, the art in the background, the very good looking man in what I for some reason find a really attractive outfit — then there’s the picturesque buildings and the gentle sunlight and what looks like really soft grass. It’s got a very comfortable tone and feel to it. Just looks like a nice place to be.
You should hit the circus with that little dude! He taught you well. Jk
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⠟⠫⢻⣿⣿⣿⣿⢟⣩⡍⣙⠛⢛⣿⣿⣿⠛⠛⠛⠛⠻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⢿⣿ ⣿⠤⠄⠄⠙⢿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠿⠛⠛⢛⣧⣿⠇⠄⠂⠄⠄⠄⠘⣿⣿⣿⣿⠁⠄⢻ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣶⣄⣾⣿⢟⣼⠒⢲⡔⣺⣿⣧⠄⠄⣠⠤⢤⡀⠄⠟⠉⣠⣤⣤⣤⣾ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣟⣀⣬⣵⣿⣿⣿⣶⡤⠙⠄⠘⠃⠄⣴⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⢻⠿⢿⣿⣿⠿⠋⠁⠄⠂⠉⠒⢘⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⣡⣷⣶⣤⣤⣀⡀⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⣸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣦⣰⠄⠄⠄⠄⢾⠿⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⡿⠋⣡⣾⣿⣿⣿⡟⠉⠉⠈⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠄⠄⠄⠑⠄⠄⠐⡇⠄⠈⠙⠛⠋ ⠋⠄⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⢠⡇⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄ ⠄⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣯⠄⢠⡀⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⣀⠄⠄⠄⠄⠁⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄ ⠁⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣯⣧⣬⣿⣤⣐⣂⣄⣀⣠⡴⠖⠈⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄ ⠈⠈⣿⣟⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣽⣉⡉⠉⠈⠁⠄⠁⠄⠄⠄⠄⡂⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⠙⣿⣿⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⡤⠈⠉⠉⠁⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠠⠔⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⠄⡈⢿⣷⣿⣿⢿⣿⣿⣷⡦⢤⡀⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⢐⣠⡿⠁⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄
Gary?
My dog can do that! He just doesn’t have a hooman to do it on.
Oh mah god
Now do it in the nude.
 /u/vredditshare
To be honest I'd do that for him too
That's pretty awesome!!
Talented dog and person
You go John Krasinski
That's awesome! Reminds me of Christian Stoinev. He does full routines with tricks like this!

EDIT: here's a link! https://youtu.be/ugE4tczkHEM
You just made my day!!!  Thank you!!!
Nice
i wonder how many times he yeeted hia dog practicing that
Am I allowed to say that this man is beautiful?
Tried this with my cat

My balls are shredded
I could watch that over and over.
wow thats pretty cool
r/oddlyporno
That’s not a cartwheel. It’s a back handstand.
Walkover, not cartwheel. Suuuper cute
Back walkover. There is no such thing as a backwards cartwheel. Nice dog
Is this man Amish, or just a hipster?
That’s actually a back handspring but it’s super cool nonetheless!
That's a back-bend walk-over. This is one of the further things from a cartwheel...
Awwww
[deleted]
How many times has he sent that dog flying though
Not so aww once you realize how many times this poor dog fell on its face for a stupid trick.
Does he not have balls!!
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
his balls tho.  getting hurt
A cat would have knocked his family jewels off, so good choice picking a dog, bruv
I really feared for the guy's backbone:-), fortunately all ended up well and the dog was not humiliated as in some dog tricks people do.
I want to be that dog, wink.
Awww, I want a trickuaha now! Lol
Lucky dog
What kind of dog is this?
That’s not a cartwheel lol that’s a back walk over ( and an awesome one at that)
Pretty sure it's called a walk over, but yes
It’s a back walkover!
What the heck did I just see
Omg
"Backward cartwheel" lmao. But that was pretty cool.
Don’t know what’s more impressive, the man doing this in overalls and boots or the dog.
Mose is pretty athletic, wouldn’t have guessed
Dog’s a mountain goat.
Downward dog
Coga is country yoga
My dog wudnt even stand on my shoulders..
It's called a back walkover (cartwheels are a sideways engagement), and it was great to see a farmer in overalls do it so gracefully.
Tall rednecks freak me out. I say this as an average sized one.
The dog sexually touched him
holy you are soft～
That guy has too much free time to be:

1. Learning how to do a backward cartwheel.

2. Teaching his dog to walk on him while doing said backward cartwheel.

3. Painting giant murals of said dog on side of barn in background.

Said.
Anyone else thought dog was gonna poop on his face?
Who the fuck calls that a cartwheel
For a second I thought the dog will bite his dick
He was trying to give himself a blow job and things went terribly wrong.
I was kinda hoping that the dog was going to bite his nuts.  Never mind, wrong sub
That’s not a cartwheel. You know that right?
Lmfao “backwards cartwheel”. My gymnastics sister cracked up at your ignorance. Thank you!
Yeet 🐕
Niceeeee!
Gay
This is so cringe
u/vredditdownloader
He should be the next president
u/Gifreversingbot
That’s not a fucking cartwheel you bimbo
he was on his pp
That's a back walkover. Not a cartwheel.
That dog is ready too!
https://m.imgur.com/gallery/KG5J3ck

It's reversed!!!!!
That dog trained it's gay human well.
