I had no idea bears purr.
[deleted]
Holding a baby bear like this would be the happiest moment of my life.
Thanks now my wife wants a bear.
Sounds like a little helicopter
I did not know baby bears made that sound! That's amazing.

Also I've literally never been told I look like someone else in my entire life but I found my voice doppelganger. My husband thought I was speaking at first. Nobody will care but I'm excited!
No, that means you're giving it too much gas.
Oh man, that's freaking cute.  No wonder Mama bears will shred your skin off and chew on your skull if you try to mess with one of these babies.
at one point I was certain it was gonna fire up
Man, I love baby animals
It’s cool that you know what a flooded motor sounds like.
Baby mammals are the best. Pretty much all of the are adorable and as long as you are warm blooded they will probably snuggle with you. 

However, snuggling with baby animals is normally advices against.
They do "purr", it's them sucking on their tongue to make that sound.  Apparently, it means they're content.  Here's a polar bear doing it:  [https://youtu.be/eiE7GNkr9Uo?t=80](https://youtu.be/eiE7GNkr9Uo?t=80)
Man I wish bears were friendly. Even when they get big they’re adorable but terrifying
When I was a kid my dad worked with a guy who’s  family rehabbed bear cubs.

I met one and nearly didn’t give it back.
Jesus, the claws already look lethal
I was today years old when I learned bears purr...
Is this KSL?
Sounds like a motorboat
Stop talking and let that engine purr
“Does that mean she is dreaming?” Haha the most Emily thing to ask.
They'd be prying that adorable little guy out of my cold dead hands. lol  What a cutie!
“You’re flooding it.”

“I’m *not* flooding it!”
[deleted]
The muffled attack helicopter sound they make is too cute.
It’s calling it’s mama.
r/murdermittens
Sounds like a ferret
That's the sound of T-rex before swallowing you whole
Wish she wouldn’t keep talking
Can I have him? His name will be Boo and we will be best friends...I hope.
First of all where did you get the bear
Is there a teacup breed? Asking for wife. Lol
Wanted to make the lady talk lower 😂 the cub is asleeeeep
Where did you find this?
My dog does something similar
TIL bear cubs purr
Holy fuck, bears can purr. How the hell did I not know this sooner? Thank you SO much for the post, OP!
Trying to start the engine of gods God's perfect killing machine.
That fluffy ass helicopter is giving me Vietnam flashbacks
cute, but also sad.  the cub needs their mom...
If a cub that young is a way from its mother, than I don't think anybody did anything 'right'.  That is damn cute though.
Now shut up karen so that i can hear it
I'd purr too if she were holding me
It sounds like it's spitting sick bars in bear language
It’s really similar to the sound ferrets make, just coming from a bigger animal. Interesting. Not the same family but certainly have similarities.
He sounds like my ferrets.
TIL what a flooded engine sounds like.
beary cute!
i want one!
I LOVE HIM SOOOOOO MUUUUUUUUCH
TIL Bears purr.
Look at those claws though, damn.
Of like an alien before it rips your head off.
/u/vredditshare
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditshare
Reddit is making me fall in love with bears today!
My heart can only handle so much ❤️
Too much cuteness i cannot handle it
I had no idea!
Bearcubs engine overflowing with relaxation
I want a bear cub now
I wanna cuddle that bear ❤️
He gotta be doing 200 Smiles an hour
TIL I need to get my engine checked out
Doesn't sound flooded... sounds like a happy carbearetor to me.
Where it's momma tho?
I think most bears do this. He is sucking on his tongue. I saw a polar bear do it in another video [It's at 2:17](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Opqa10jSwZg)
i didnt know a flooded engine is the cutest sound
That’s pretty fuckkng cute
*SHHHHHHHH*
I hope we don't find out it was stolen from it's mother and died soon after from improper care like we did with the baby tigers...
So THAT’S why my Spitfire wouldn’t start today. Goddamn engine must be flooded
Shes so pretty!!
I can’t express how jealous I am
he is BEBBY
Unbearably cute.
Sounds like a small helicopter, it is super sweet
It's her heart beat.  She hears the heart beating, I guess it's their ASMR.  I could be wrong though.
TIL bears purr
Karen just put the bear down
Shara Park!
I think we would all purr there
Nobody:

Kookaburras in the old Gumtree:
C'mon! Start ya son of a bi\*ch!
/Justrolledintotheshop
Where’s mama bear?

I bet she wouldn’t be happy about this.

I would love to hold a bear like this, but it has to be a zoo, or a rescued cub or something right?
Less her, more bear pls.
Such a sleepy baby
Sounds like good way to burn out your alternator
A "flooded" engine makes no sound ,  
it does not start .
holding a bear cub is now in my bucket list.
That'll be $10,000 ma'am.
D’awww!
I want to hold a bear
Sounds like a velociraptor
That's what my hedgehog sounds like.
My mom saw this and now wants a bear
“That’s the cutest sound” 
Me: “hold my beer” as I drive a truck into a lake and then rapidly try and start it again
Just wait till the bear drops the beat.
u/vredditdownloader
TIL bears purr
What do I have to do to encounter baby aminals?
Beatbox champ
Imagine trying to sleep for 3 months straight but your kid is constantly making this noise.
TIL Bears purr
I wanna cuddle this baby bear. I mean, how on earth do you get a literal bear hug from an actual bear cub!?
So cute!  Next time I'm in the woods and come across a mama bear and her cubs I'm gonna scoop one of them up and give them a big hug and then we're all going to get some honey it will be great!
Ferrets do that when they are excited. Its called dooking
Drop that bass!!
TIL Bear cubs actually sound out the motorboat when they motorboat!
VA y
Nice
https://youtu.be/B3qhEIZBlX8 this is what happens when they reach puberty
I think it's cool comments worded exactly like "I had no idea bears purr" get so many upvotes, but if you exactly comment "I knew for certain bears purr" you'd be ignored or downvoted to hell. Not mad, just curious
u/vredditshare
King's engine
does that mean she’s dreaming 😂😂😂
Get some Cosby in a can on the ol sumbich shell chooch right up for you a tell you what
Claws looking awfully sharp for just a cub
That reminds me of "Resident Evil 4", when insects came out.
 That's adorable. I'm going to pick up some bear cubs next time I'm in the woods.
Take my money! I'll take two please.
Scientists need to genetically engineer tiny bears so I can have a housebear.  Like the size of a cat.
So cute:)
A far away helicopter
Very similar to a suckling raccoon kit.  Very cute
Where are bear cubs available for sale
interesting that bears can roar and "purr" when cats can only purr or roar, not both.
That motorboatin sonofa...
Awww so cute!!!! ❤❤❤❤❤
dam it I wish I was that bearcub
I love that baby bear with all my heart now but it’s eyes look like buttholes
For future reference, the video button is right next to the photo button. Save for future use.
She looks extremely beautiful
Omg. Who doesn’t love a baby!!
Pretty sure I'd be making that same sound if I was that cub
Didn’t know how badly I needed to cuddle a bear cub until this moment
COOOOOOOOOOOOOOM
Bree Olson?
Beary Adorable
They also snore like this
BEARS PURR!?
Behold the most terrifying thing in nature, a bear cub.
"that means I'm doing something right"

Or he's powering up to eat your face!!!
Why isn't this cub with its mother?
Let’s get down to brass tacks here...how much for the bear?
Cute till you get your faced ripped off.
Bear sounds, cute.  Blonde sounds, not.
/u/vredditshare
How much does it cost to embrace a cub like that?

I’d pay an exorbitant amount of money for 30 minutes.
Is going to be hard for her to let go of that baby bear,
/u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
If science can make them stay that size that would be pretty cool.
Bear needs some head & shoulders
Why does she have the cub?
Can she please just stop talking so I can hear the god damn bear
I like to make a disel generator starting sound with my throat,its lik th du dud du dddddudududtatata..
And he's cute and all, until he grows a bit and eats your face. It's like Jane Goodall.
TIL bears purr
HOLD ON, THIS THING WON'T TURN ON.
Like turning on my motorcycle. Just heard a big bear purr and it sounds like a harley.
Growing up I had the change to raise two bear cubs until they were about 6mo old. I can confirm they sound like this.
"You are the love of my life," Barney tells his daughter. "Everything I have and everything I am is yours."
u/VredditDownloader
When my family and I were camping out in the middle of nowhere we kept hearing a car engine revving. But we were miles into a trail so it just couldn't have been a car. Thankfully we figured out it was actually a black bear later that night. Do not run toward motor sounds if you're in the woods! Even if looking for help - danger bear awaits you!
Or like Donald duck with a silencer on
I want a bear. I’ve earned a bear. I deserve a bear.
i want one 🥺
Holy shit that is socute.
"that means I'm doing something right" well would you look at the pillows it has to lay on?
Awwww. 😍
Omg so cute
[deleted]
Bears actually PURR!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
Bear cubs can purr? Jesus that's the best thing I've learned all month.
Will the bear remember the person when it grows up? Like the video of the wolves remembering their human friends years later?
Baby Trinket!🐻
I DIDN'T KNOW THIS WAS A THING AND IT'S THE BEST EVER!!! I FUCKING LOVE BEARS!!!! AAAAAAAAGGGGHHH!!!!!!!!!
I want to hug the cub and yet that is very very very wrong. Team wildlife.
Could I offer some milk for that dog
Aww
So cute
That MUST mean she’s doing something right
That bear use castrol high octane motor oil
Where do I get to hug a bear cub
u/vredditdownloader
Meanwhile in China bears are captured and killed to be eaten :/
TIL bear cubs can purr.
Probably the only one but I found it as listening to Darude Sandstorm
"Do you hear that?"

No because you won't fucking shut up.
She has nice teeth. I’d like those teeth
u/vredditshare
She is beautiful i wan hug her
Awesome
It would be worth getting eaten by a mother bear.
My dad just told me yesterday about this Chinese couple who adopted a bear they thought was a dog! It grew massive and ended up in the zoo
Bears are cats. It has been confirmed.
I wanna award this but I'm broke
I could vibe out and fall asleep with this lil bear🐻
Why do I get the overwhelming feeling he is missing his mom. I know it’s supposed to be cute but this video makes me sad. I just want him to be with his mama where he belongs.
I would purr too if I was held like that.
So its a bear-cat. Not a bear-dog.
Demogorgon!!!
I want to know WHY this lady is holding a baby bear! Where's its mother?
It’s means “I’m tryna take a nap here lady”
sounds like when Link as the Deku scrub does his little hover thing in Majoras Mask
I need to hug them.
Sounds like techno to me. Actually, it sounds kinda like the technoviking song.
Sounds like the spy vs spy laugh
Utah, bitches
Someone needs to drop a track on this
Now I wish bears were actually that size full grown.
Unhand that bear Karen
Idk what's more wholesome, the bear cub or the lady's reaction to it
Reminds me of what a happy pug sounds like
Chevy with a good battery and bad distributor. BTDT.
Melted.
Sounds like nam to me
It means she's dreaming she's firing a machine gun
[deleted]
he is dreaming he riding a train maybe
Give me the baby
Squish that bear
Well now I know what a flooded engine sounds like good to know for the future
“That means you’re doing something right.”

My car ain’t started yet, toots.
Shut the hell up and let the bear relax.
You’re going too hard on the choke, let off. Keep cranking it and she’ll turn over. Cold starts are always a pain.
I didn’t know bears COULD purr
Reminds me the ferret's Dooking
They sound like a Rotatory engine lol
Maybe you should just give it back to its real mom
Ttw no mommy bear to cuddle
Did it start after the video ended ?
Sounds like my turbo fluttering tsssssssss thutututututututuuu
I would do anything for the chance to hold a baby bear like that, easily one of the top 5 cutest baby animals
OMG I want him or her... how sweet and cuddly <3
Awwww we need more of this in the world! Rev that engine and let it flood because that's an engine worth flooding!
69k likes 😏
Wow, bears purr? I did not know that!
The best reaction i ever seen.
I never knew that I needed a bear before. Now I will need a bear army.
Wait half an hour, spray some ether in its carb, and try again.
Who dis bitch?
Sweetest thing I’ve seen in a while.
I'm gunna cry this is so glorious. I'd pay $1000 to hold that baby  teddy
I don't have to hear sound for me to love this. I'm saving this for later so I can hear this....
One inch claws as a baby. eek!
Where can I go to cuddle with a bear cub?
Legit I would cry I don't know how she's acting so normal.
u/vredditdownloader
😍❤️
This is freakin Baby Yoda level cute!
Right to bear arms
That's it, now I want a bear...

My dog and cat thank you
I can literally die now
Anyone have info why she has the bear in the first place? And why it appears to be in a building? 
And that it’s not with its mum?
I was today years old when I found out bears purred.
So, can I have a pet bear now?
I wish i could hear the purr uninterrupted...
I purr when I sleep only doctors think it's something called sleep apnea.
new life goals = hold a baby bear
motorboat, lol
Bears are cats **confirmed**.
I thought it was Jackie denardo lol
Shut the fuck up bitch I’m trying to fucking hear the bear
Bears *purr?*
Can someone please tell me who this lady is?? I recognize her and i can’t think of what she’s from
u/vredditdownloader
I love seeing the childlike wonder that animals can bring out of people
That cub has a dandruff problem.
u/vredditshare
If I’m correct, that’s morse code for “I love you”
Yes
Where’s its mom tho
So adorable
The bear is adorable but can we also spend a minute on how adorable this lady is when she's talking about the cub?
U/vredditdownloader
I was today years old when I found out bears make a pleasure sound.
Bearby yoda
#BE LOUDER BITCH NOT LIKE IM TRYING GO SLEEP!
I'm a grown-ass man and if I was in the same situation as the woman in this video, I'd probably fuckin cry. That thing is adorable
That is one lucky Motorboating bear cub
Well here it is the new nfs sound effects
After watching Grizzly Man, all I can say is leave the bears the fuck alone
I need to hold a bear cub right now.
Killer floof ball
he is charging his claws.
Do adult bears purr too?
uwu
Shut up lady. Let it purr
TIL that beat cubs purr
I do the same when I lay on my gf's chest
/u/vredditshare
It's amazing how massive those paws are already
If you want them to stop mention Trubisky or Bartman
Beary cute
/u/vredditshare
u/vredditdownloader
Hi, don’t cuddle bear cubs
Great, now I want a baby bear as a pet. Thanks. As if my wife, 4 kids, and dog were not enough.
jeez... I feel like this should have been a whisper moment
My grandpa with PTSD from Vietnam:
Awn... ok, where’s his mommy?
Who's that actress?? I recognize her but can't put my finger on it.
comment for later lol
What the fuck even are bears
Why does this woman get to hold a baby bear?  When is it my turn?
Mama bear bouta show up and beat the shit out of you
u/vredditdownloader
My ex would do something similar when I’d play with her hair
Sounds like a ghost laughing....
u/vredditdownloader
Helicopter
"Black bear cubs make purring noises when they are constipated and are falling into a coma, especially when when in nineteen ninety eight the Undertaker threw Mankind off Hell In A Cell and plummeted 16ft through an announcer's table."
Yes hello I would also like baby bear snuggles
Older blonde woman makes a young bear purr.
TIL bears purr
This is beautiful. I've looked at it for five hours now
Why are they in a tv store?
Well now i need a baby bear
TIL bears purr.
Made my day
Lady: yells* “does that mean she’s dreaming?!”
Me: shut up lady, don’t wake it up!!!
u/vredditdownloader
Its called chortling
I want to hold a baby bear and have it be that happy
AK-47
Plot twist: it is the call for help and means „mom, come and bring in the rest of the bear clan, got kidnapped by humans.“

Just kidding, this is cuteness overload.
37 year old guy here. Animal lover. This is amazing. I want to hold a bear now.
u/vredditdownloader
Soo cute!
I somehow couldnt stop hearing spongebob laugh
u/VredditDownloader
'does that mean she's dreaming?' 😭
I could barely hear the bear because the woman wouldn't shut up. She's a regular chatterbox.
Ive mever seen a post above 100k in the wild. Gg
That’s a god dam killing machine
>"that means i'm doing something right"

she's holding a bear cub, of course she is
Damn Nissan cam sensor
This woman’s voice is so grating. “CAN YOU HEAR THAT?!”

We can barely hear it over your constant bleating.
“Yo man my car won’t start.” “Nah that just the bear cub in my pocket”
I love bears
Sounds like a helicopter
And when it's fully grown it will sound like your organs are not flooded with blood... What?
OMG 😍
The cutest sond ever, until you hear it on your car
r/todayilearned
Best day of work yet!
This made my day
I would do anything to snuggle a purring bear cub
I wish the lady would shut up
When I make that sound everyone tells me to grow up but when the bear does it its cute.
I want to have a bear
So adorable. He deserves all the snuggles.
/u/vredditshare
TEDDY!!!!
Hey this is my neighbor!
That is ridiculously cute
World’s most adorable anti aircraft gun
How do I get the opportunity to snuggle a bear cub?
u/vredditshare
Or a fountain machine pump when it runs out of syrup.
/u/vredditdownloader
My brain keeps saying: TAKE YOUR FOOT OFF THE GAS
That sounds like I’m dad snoring honestly or my uncle laughing or one of my classmates sneeze
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
who's the girl?
5/5 would stomp
This reminded me of someone who said we become so mechanical in our pusuit of life's end goal that we forget to sit back and process the little joys interspersed throughout it. imy.
I wish she’d shut the fuck up
The real question is, where do we go to find some baby bears?
I would literally cry with joy if I was her
Shut up, lady. Don't you see he's trying to sleep here?  
Precious
i want.. fifty..
bears are adorable, many can be dangerous, but adorable.
Not so cute when it's your 1999 blazer doing this...
THERE IN THE TREES
Does this qualify for r/murdermittens?
That is the cutest syeeound.
That is freaking adorable! Where's his/her mum?!?
Is he snoring
hes really just motor boating
u/happycamper_99 this is heckin cute!
