I love that he has no idea his owner is important in anyway besides being their best friend.
I love that he brings his dog everywhere! You can see him doing some serious meeting with Bród (the dog) running around in the background.
The thing I love is how he wanders past people wanting to stroke him, accepts the strokes, but knows exactly where he is going and isn't going to stop.
In case anyone is interested/doesn’t know, this is a Bernese Mountain Dog. They’re cuddle monsters, couch potatoes, gentle and loyal giants. Life expectancy is anywhere between 6-10 years. And they shed very much.
Dogs really do look like their owners.  And that’s not an insult.  I’d take a Michael Higgins version of a teddy bear.  He looks like what you’d imagine Dobby’s favorite house elf uncle would look like if he had a family.
[deleted]
I don’t know this president or his politics. But he is a good person in my book by the way the dog reacts to him.
Where is this so I may move there
Is é Bród an buachaill is fearr in Éirinn 😍
I wish I could add an edit, but unfortunately can’t edit titles. 

As a PSA, This is Micheal D Higgins, not Bernie Sanders, and he’s the president of Ireland. 


https://youtu.be/iskZfda1zao this is a link to the girl singing, it’s a video of the song she’s performing in the video
If I were president, my dog would be my vice
Ireland is just awesome. There's so many things to love about people, culture, history, arrrgh love you guys
[deleted]
You almost had me at constitutionally required
Whatever they're listening to is beautiful.  That president had the perfect hour: private concert with invited guests and his wife and dog.
I love how the president of Ireland is EXACTLY how you'd imagine the president of ireland to look like and act.

Edit: in a good way
I know nothing about the president of Ireland except he loves this dog. Is he a good president in other ways? I'm really hoping he is
I love Ireland
Priorities. Dog owner, THEN politician.
Why is that old man patting the belly of the president of Ireland
What could possibly be more important than giving belly rubs?
I'd like to live in a country where the president can tell the difference between someone who wants belly rubs and doesn't.

Edit: rubs, not ribs. Although a cannibal may have a more discerning pallette.
Ireland lit
Damn Ireland is cool. In the UK we have pedophiles and lizard people as our leaders.
no idea what that man stands for politically, but I'd vote for him
I am convinced that the doggo is actually the president
who’s singing?
🇮🇪
I live in Ireland and that's the only thing I know about that guy is that he has a dog with him everywhere!
Probably one of the few countries in the world where you can do a tour of the presidential house and possibly run into the president and his wonderful dogs.

Source, personal experience.
Looks like Danny DeVito has come a long way.
The president has to play with his dong even during important meetings.
I wish my country had a president who loved, and was loved by, dogs like that.
Ireland, y’all seen to have the right idea when it comes to elected officials. I’d certainly vote for the guy with the dogs.
Dogs are a good judge of character. Do you want to trade presidents please?
Can I live in your country too please
Bernie DeVito is the leader we all need.
It's funny how the title alone is enough to determine that this is most definitely *not* America
I live in Northern Ireland and all I got was molested by prince Andrew.
Love these two. So heartwarming
I fecking love the Irish presidents dog
Okay, which country and how do I get the citizenship.
Ireland forever!
There are many times when I wouldn’t mind moving to the Republic.
The Irish are unique, and interacting with them is the best thing about living in Ireland. And what you overhear on Luas is the second best.
Fun fact! I’ve been in that room before. His dogs are the sweetest!

[Pic of fireplace w/bonus pic of dog](https://imgur.com/a/O8VbDeQ)
Dog: “excuse me, pardon, extremely important to get to the president. Yes, thank you. Sir, ah, found you, please rub my belly. Your a life saver, this is why your president”
Is it true that everyone in Ireland loves this guy? Because I was told they do.
I’m visiting Ireland this coming Thursday! I’m so excited
What kind of wonderful country elects a poet to be their leader?
I feel like this is a great example of why most leaders have pets... you have such a stressful job and they just force you to live in the moment and smile when you see them... it’s got to be such a stress reliever
“Oh there’s my dad! Excuse me... hi there... yes, thank you... Excuse me, just going over to see my... hi Dad!!!” *plop*
I love everything about this - the dog is happy, secure and obviously well loved, and his owner is chill and attentive, even with other stuff going on. It makes me smile every time to see these two together. A man who places such importance on his best friend has a good heart.
I forgot the president of Ireland is Danny Devito and Bernie Sanders son
Imagine having the power to just say “fuck it, I’m taking my dog to work with me, try and stop me”. Living the dream.
For anyone wondering.. That is Michael D. Higgins the president of Ireland
I'm glad I live in a country where the president... Oh who am I kidding. I live in America where we have an asshat for president. I'm not glad at all.
ITS BERNIE DEVITO
Now this is a president I can vote for!
*President gets belly rubs.
That is glorious. The dogs almost as big as him. He (the President), was given an honorary degree by the university I work at, and he's so tiny. Delightful, but tiny 😁
One time my Sunday school teacher told me that dogs dont go to heaven so I told her to fuck off
I love that he calls them his pride and joy and that’s why they’re called Bród (Pride) and Síoda (Joy).
That is one happy dog.
I like how he keeps looking up at the performance like he's quietly saying "I find you BOTH very important."
That's it....I'm moving to Ireland!
Wholesome President
Is Ireland accepting Irish Americans? Our president is a monster with no empathy and has never owned a dog in his life.
The dogs name is Bród, which means “pride” in our language (Irish). Beautiful name for a beautiful dog.
*sheds a single tear* god bless Ireland
No-one talks about his dong anymore ;c
If I were president, there would always be dogs.
This is beautiful. If I was president, I'd love to give an address from the Oval Office with my cat sleeping on the desk. "My fellow Americans, I will work for you until you are as contented as Tiddles here." ;-)
*This country has gone to the dogs and I for one apruff of it!*
Ireland gang 🇮🇪
I personally do not trust one that does not give belly rubs. I mean what kind of person does not pet a good boy?
What country is this? Can I go there?
Haven't read up on his policies, but the size of that dog really makes him look like a happy hobbit in the best possible way.
We don’t deserve dogs <3
I'm still not convinced this isn't my dog. Bernese mountain dogs are so similar in the way they act, it's astonishing
His dogs are so well taken care off :)
I bet he’s one of those big dogs that plays so gently with tiny ones and it’s super funny to watch hahaha
Which country is this, and where do I sign up?
This is why we love michael d.
I feel sad about the fact that in my country the politics is so warped that this would just give an excuse the opposition to ask for the resignation ( no matter who is ruling or who is in the opposition).
Miggledy Higgins Best president, no contest
This guy gives belly rubs the same way my husband gives me back rubs
We got Bernie we just need a saint bernard.
It will be Bernie and Bernie (B&B).
I mean yeah but the dog is clearly requiring much more aggressive rubs than it's being given
Similar to Biden, except in his administration you’ll be required to RECEIVE the belly rub
Bernese Mountain Dog!!
When running for his second term, an opponent tried attacking his dogs, claiming that a huge amount of taxpayer money was being wasted on them (not true), and why didn't he have Irish wolfhounds instead of a "foreign" breed. 

He was/ is a bit of a laughing stock.
Higgins will forever be president in my heart
You can see he's a good guy
Hey its Bernie DeVito
That’s Ireland right
I love how professionally the man in green moved out of the way to give the reporters more space to capture this scene.
best boi in the best country
I may be reading into it too much but if his dog shows him that much affection in a room full of people wanting to pet it and give it attention, I feel like he must give it a lot of love and care, despite being a busy politician. I respect that.
what country? awesome dogs
Ireland?
Totally unrelated, but who is the girl singing? Her voice is beautiful!
Lol hes barely scratching the pup and the pups having the time of his/her life
Is that an angelic rendition of Rag’ N’ Bone Man’s Human in the background I hear?

Also, good boy
Who is singing in the background?
I'm sad that is an American I instantly knew this wasn't about my country :(
Always trust a man that treats animals the way this man does. It shows great strength of character.
The Irish president looks *exactly* how I pictured the Irish president to look
Aw man. Our president doesn’t even have a dog.
Imagine if the sitting world leaders were required to have pets with them sitting in on major world policy events.  How relaxed, how empathetic, it'd make them --more compassionate policy would occur, more friendships between countries would evolve.  This is Civilized society kinda stuff right here.
*frantically packing bags* 

which country is this?!
What president is this and what country is this??
That man loves his Berners and they love him. He's good people.
I love how dog does not care who the hell is in the fucking room lmao. It can be the most important affair in history and they will simply search for a hand to rub their belly 😍
Reading all these comments makes me sad I'm at work can can't give my dog her good girl belly rubs. 😞
Actually, that dog IS the president
looks like that you can trust this person
Grab her by the belly
Aww look how happy he was.
Yaaaaasssss Miggeldy
what's that song? who is singing? sounds nice
Bring the good boy at a meeting with merkel !
Cozy atmosphere :3
Heckin' yeah, see him being being a good boy! He deserves belly rubs!!
Beautiful doggo but no ones gonna give us the link for that cover of Human??
Is that Michael d higgins? I'm Irish too
Oooh a fellow Irish(wo)man 😃
Nice flex, pupperoo
Michael D is a bloody babe!
The sign of a good HOOMAN.
We need this in America NOW
Nice
Which country is it?
I had a Bernese a few years back. I miss my Koda bear more than any other dog in my life. So much joy.
That dog has a better life than I do.
What country is this? I need to move there.
I live in a country where the president doesn't have a dog.  Doesn't even like dogs.  What's that say about him?
Yo wtf my mom is there lol
I love this so much
Looks like Bernie Sanders.
Dogs need to involved in all our important events and decisions, and to give us a sanity break by giving belly rubs!   

Silly puppy!
Guess I’m moving to where ever this is
God I wish I lived in a country with a president like this.....
Such a cute doge
Can all citizens demand belly rubs?
WHOLESOMEEEEE
every president should be required to have a big dog with them in every single meeting to remind themselves that there is good in the world
I knew this would be miggle d!  We adore him.  Shame he is just a figure head
You have a neat president.
Wish that America could have a president like this
In my next life I want to come back as that dog.
Ah, the inimitable Miggledy Higgins!
That berner most definitely won him a few votes.
His dogs neeeeed their own subreddit because I love seeing them so much
IRELAND BOI!!!!
what COUNTRY IS THAT GIMME IM MOVING OUT
His owner should be aware of anyone that does not respond kindly is a person not to be trusted
Thought that was Bernie Sanders for a moment and that you were from the future!
I’d be on the floor with that Dog, I wouldn’t be paying any attention to what was going on in that room 🤣
This is the cutest thing I've seen all day!!
That’s it... packin my things I’m immigrating to Ireland... best boi
Ayyyyyyy mickie D my president
You guys are lucky. Our president acts like a rabid pitbull
He knows how to dog properly
I love how to dog doesn’t give a s*** about what there doing
Animals are the best part of life.
Oh Miggeldy Higgins. Never change.
We get it. His dog goes every where with him.
Bernese mountain dog. Wanted one since I was 10. Im 18 and still really want one
A person who most loves animals definitely he loves people
Looks like chill place. How to become immigrant?
I played with those dogs for a few hours. They are so lovely. They love Michael so much. They follow him around continuously. He is so short and they are so large that it looks like he is being flanked by two bears.
I want to ask how is he as a president though? I don't live in the country that he leads or know anything so Im legitimately curious on how residents feel about him.
🇮🇪
Every time I’ve visited Ireland I’ve always found it one of the friendliest places on earth (although I’m a Londoner so everything is a step up). I love that their president and his dogs seem to reflect that!
If I could choose only one politician to lead me it would be Michael Higgins.
“You busy? Well im not!”
Love this ❤️❤️❤️
Gotta love Micheal D.
Hi freind , I am happy for you and your country .
Is this in Ireland?
I love him and his dong!
Where do I need to move to to have this
I wish the USA had that kind of guy..
I recognized which country this was from the dog :)
"Tickle my armpit, dad"
Someoone is spoilded rotten.
I like how you try to give credit in the title and only get 4 upvotes
Love that music
Such a goood boooiiiiieeee
If Bernie gets elected, we might get into one of those sitcom scenarios where we accidentally switch Presidents and even though they keep insisting there's been a mistake everyone just waves them off.
This is like the 4th time I've seen this video.. and I just love it so much.    


I'm so jealous.  My president hates dogs.  I'm pretty sure that alone should have disqualified him from being president.
I know this is a dumb question but what country is this?
OMG. I didn't think I could love Ireland any more than I do. (I'm from Newfoundland, Canada)
I’m interested in moving now
Good ol' Mickey D
Hang on, what fucking country is this??
A happy dog,  a happy country.
everybody pays the belly rub tax - when presented with a puppy belly, you rub it.
Your president seems like such a nice chap 🤗💗🥰
This brought the biggest smile to my face. So sweet :))
Éirinn Go Brách
Why does this dog not have his own subreddit!!!
What country is this?
Doggo knew exactly who he wanted to go to, and wasn’t going to stop until he got there. My heart wasn’t ready.
The way he sits by the owner with his paws in the air <3 so chill and loved
nice and strong relationship
Such a friendly boye
mf seems so happy.
If I ever find myself at a point in my life where I'm too busy to rub my dog's belly when he asks for it, I've screwed up royally. it would be time to rethink my life and make major changes.
Irish President giving belly rubs to a dog while an angelic voice sings Human by Rag n Bone Man? what a day that musta been.
Omg, what country is this?! I'm packing my bags now
Where is this? I’d like to submit immigration paperwork immediately.
Who is singing?
Can I join your country if our Democracy crashes in November? I have some good points and  a maltese I'm devoted to.
*wipes away tear* Sinne Fianna Fáil...
We all know who the real president here is.
Ours literally hates pets and thinks animals are disgusting. He criticized the vice president and his family for owning pet rabbits and said it made them appear low class.
That dogs famous in Ireland for brokering the Good Boy agreement
You know how they say dogs and owners start to resemble each other after some time. Well, here is proof.
That dog...I swear he knows when he’s on television...
Such is the life of Miggeldy Higgins
He is by far the coolest and most approachable president ever
r/petthedamndog
I fucking love ireland. I was on Vacation in Wexford in the summer and it was so beautiful and the people were really nice. Def. Wanna go back there
Ireland has the best First Dog.
I adore Michael Higgins.  I’m jealous you have such a cool president.
I can't believe he would just stroke his dong in public like that...
Castro used to love them.
Were is this i what to know
Haha I have a Berner too and she does the exact same pose. There is no saying no to belly rub time!
My canine is my closest companion. I've lost nearly all that I've worked for in my life because of emotional well-being issues. My home, vocation, reserve funds, companion, and sense of pride. 

Generally I loathe myself however I battle every day to remain alive for my better half and children. We don't have anything now. In any case, my pooch has never wandered from my side. I love her more than she'll ever comprehend.
I love that dogs have no concept of any of the weird pointless human shit we do. That big Muppo probably walks away from meetings like “daddy what is president?? What’s Ireland?? Is it a food??”
Too cute, I think alot of us would rather there than here right now, but give us about 10 months, fingers crossed. It's been an awfully long 3 years.. God..
Is this Ireland? I'm from Asia but this pair is so famous even I know them
Gotta love Ireland
For those who don’t know this guy is the president of Ireland and he’s basically jesus
That's a cute dong
I wish we had a president like this!
This dog deserves its own sub. I LOVE how this dog acts especially with the British royal family. That little derp face ugh I can’t so cute!! I melt just thinking of it. Such a perfect little baby.
Sry for asking probably a stupid question but who is this guy?
Bród loves the attention doesn’t he. They’re the best.
Do any of the politicians this man meets with think that it’s unprofessional to have his dog there? Like has there been any big arguments or specific occasions where someone was upset that the dog was present? Cuz I’d honestly be pissed if he didn’t bring the pooch
Yes, very glad he got reelected. Proud to have him represent us.
Makes me miss Obama because he was like this too :(
American politics needs to wake up. This is the issue no one is talking about on Capitol Hill
ITT: A lot of people who don't understand the function of  President in this capacity is largely ceremonial.  The role is closer to the Queen (i.e Head of State rather than Government) than Prime Minister. Similar to in Germany or Austria.

Still cute, mind.

Edit: what a shock, downvoted. Point still stands though.
Gewan miggle d😂
Omg I want to hug and pet that dog so badly. What a sweetie
Bernese Mountain Dog!!
Good President, Good President!
We USians should write the same rule into our Constitution.
It'd cut way down on the number of jerks we get in high office.
I live in the US. Can we trade our president for this dog? He’d likely do a better job.
The kind of president America should have....
i like your president better than mine.
Here in the US dogs instively bite our president.
Our chief executive doesn't like animals and is the first President in a long time not to have a pet in the White House.

We would like to borrow your President when you're finished with him.
You know your president is really a leprechaun in disguise right?
Bro mans looks like Danny DeVito playing Bernie Sanders
Very happy to see there are places where this kind of person is able to become the leader of the country.  Wish we had a President capable of compassion.
Compassion and love shown from a leader. Us Americans are very sorely lacking that in our current administration.
I live in a country where apparently the president is constitutionally required to be a dumbass
This dog is like my ex, she got attention when she demanded it.
Wow you guys are lucky that Bernie's already your President
Oh yeah, well our presidents pet lives on his head. Checkmate!
I want to live there...
What kinda dog is that?
Prince doggo should be the important one, always!
MICKY D!
The world needs more leaders like this, not sure what his human is like as a politician though.
Ayy Micky D.!
VIP Fluffy Bear
Why is the president of ireland listening to Human by Rag'n'bone man
So sweet!
If she had a song about the love of a dog she could have brought the house down.
Dong
u/vredditshare
Cringe at the event photographer using the pop-up flash in a bright room.
Meanwhile.. our president hates dogs and thinks that owning a pet is “low class”.
This pup deserves it. Look at all his hard work. Probably had a ruff day too.
So stopped
All political meetings should require the attendance of at least one floofer.
That president is more layed back than that one cool teacher from high school
I've never seen more red text on Wikipedia than on his page, apparently everything about Irish politics just doesn't get a page yet
Buck?
Is the president the one lying on the floor?
Belly rubs for the dong!!!
Who remembers "The president always brings his dong everywhere." incident.
... well it's gives runs too...
But it's a bit lower than the belly...

... Oh nevermind that was locker room talk...
Emotional support dog?
Oh this is the presidents dong
What country is this
What country is that?
What country
Fluffy showstealer!
/u/vredditshare
This is how our berner is too,that and so full of energy she may actually super nova.
The good boys face is priceless
Where is this?
Can his dog for president in USA plz ??
I remember reading somewhere that a dog will wait a lifetime just for one kind word or pet from his owner.  It has stuck with me for over 30 years
What country is this?
Who's this president?
Is this the president who brings his dong with him everywhere?
What breed is this?? I don't know but I definition need one!
What is the country
Busy sitting there listening to music lol
That’s a strange but wholesome constitution
I see videos about this dog on here all the time. 

And I’m not mad about it, I want more please.
Bernie De Vito isn't fooling anyone
Damn. And my president seems to be constitutionally required tl destroy my country..
Rare occasion of sunlight in Ireland
Nice, what country
Which country?
Does anyone know whose singing the song or the music playing? I really like it.
What country is this?
What county is this?
What country is this?
Can we get some more information on who’s singing in the background?
The rant and the belly rubs give me a glimmer of hope for humanity.
By just reading the title I knew it was Ireland
Ok, good video, but who’s that singer with such an awesome voice? I want to find her! Help me
what breed of dog is that?
What country?
This is crazy, this dog looks and acts exactly like our Bernie!
Yall really been voting  for the dog this whole time haven't ya?
What country is this? Sorry if I seem misinformed
THAT'S A GOOD PUP
What a huge dong
I just like the fact they have Bilbo Baggins and his horse in the room.
Whenever the dog is out in public there should be a live stream lol I’d watch!
What kind of dog is this?
We are blessed to have such a lad as our leader.
Oh goodness your title made me think of Parasite
THOSE PAWS 😭
Hes practically married to that dog.
More dogs at political events! Then maybe everyone will be nicer/cooperative
Nothing is too important for a belly rub! Love berners :)
What country is this? So cute!
I love Ireland, too.
Hello
Miggeldy. My President
They always say owners look a lot like their dogs. This one fits I think. Every world leader needs to be more like this.
What country is this
Michael D is a national treasure
Where do u live?
I love Bernese mountain dogs so much, when I get my first house I’m getting a Bernese and a Samoyed right away
Its weird that the only thing I know about Ireland's president is that his dog is a VERY GOOD BOYE
Doggo wants happy ending
LOOK AT THAT TAIL GOOO
So cute, president of where?
LMAO SO CUTEE
He looks like he's out of a Disney cartoon.
Lol which country is this
[deleted]
This why I love Berners. They are giant, cuddly, loving goofballs and pretty much all behave like this. Mine is my best bud.
That's what I want. A president who is well known for petting and loving on his dogs.
The need of the dog comes before the need of the people. This country has their priorities set straight.
What a beautiful dong
I see this guy on her all the time. Do you Irish folks like him? I really hope he's not a tool.
What I like the most, is that he gives doggo loves even though he's clearly busy. Nothing is more important than a belly rub for doggo
I want to move to Ireland anyway. This makes my heart long for it even more.
Same
Every time I see the Irish President with his dogs, I want to move to Ireland.
Is that Parker the snow dog?
Whats the song?
Hey I have seen this President before.....
My daughter is studying abroad in Dublin, and she has a major crush on this man!
This is the best part of my day so far!
You know it's a good belly rub when the leg starts kickin'
I’m a fucking Idiot. lol
Look at his DOOFY FACE
Why is this nsfw?
Many US presidents have their own quirks that are unique during their terms (I/e: candy dishes on the Big Desk, liking specific fast food). Mine would be requiring my dog with me at all times. My boy is part of the team. Don’t like it? Better learn to deal with it quick. I love Pembroke Welsh Corgis, so I would be tight with the Queen of England at least lol.
I miss Ireland...
Feel bad for the singer she is good but the dog just seems to be the reason everyone  is there
What country is this referring to?
What country is this
That look of "oh yeah thats the stuff" when he lays down kills me.
This is so wholesome, and the singer/band are very good, wish I knew who they were too
Why doesn’t r/miggeldysdogs exist yet?
Oh how sad. I was devastated after our cat passed away even after almost 18 years. The heartbreak of losing a big snuggly dog after only a few years must be awful.
The president looks like Danny DeVito playing Bernie Sanders. 
Why does your president look like Danny DeVito?
I know from the headline this isn't the US because Cadet Bone Spurs would never do that
/u/vredditshare

Edit: https://gfycat.com/RemarkableVainGuernseycow
I love how we pretty much voted him in cause hes a leprechaun
Fuck yes!!
Nice
Bród is the goodest boy
I'm glad my Country has a President who gives the highest honor we have to golfers, golfers...Lord help us!
There is going to be a worldwide day of mourning when this dog passes
He looks like Danny Davito playing Bernie sanders
Good ol Michael d
I love it so human
Lol
Good aul Micky d
I much rather that then the craziness we have.
So we're getting the Whitehouse a St. Bernard if Bernie wins right?
u/VredditDownloader
He is a very important dog
You're luck.....
Irish Bernie
This would be me. I don't care what I'm doing, if a dog wants pets, I will gladly give them.
What role does the president have, and what does the taoiseach do? Who's the head of power in Ireland?
No "DONG" reference? Same on you reddit
which country, can i move there?
I mean... he's only human after all!
What a nice dong!
I know I'm gonna get roasted for asking this but who is that guy? President of where?
Politics would go a lot better if there was a doggo in every meeting. 😄
I'll take the entire stock
What country is that?
I have a video* somewhere that I took on the sly through the slim glass window of our conference room door at work. It's of a bunch of city big-wigs, including the city fire marshal with his arson dog, having one of those long, god awful meetings politicians have. No one is ever happy and smiling in those things, but that dog is the sweetest, happiest creature in the world (half golden retriever half yellow lab). She was making circuits around the table and flopping down next to each chair for belly rubs, and it never failed to bring a goofy smile to whichever dour person was currently bestowing the rubs. It was adorable.

*No, I can't share it, sorry, wish I could. The organization that handles arson dog training and assignments is strict about how the dogs are shown on social media.
What country is this
Where is this?
Agreed, best country in the world!
His dong is beautiful
Jealous
That goofy doggo has no idea how important he is. Just livin his best dog life - full send.
Does anyone have any information on what's going on in that room (besides the dog)? The music seems interesting.
“Very busy”. Lol
I’m genuinely jealous
I feel like having a dog makes everything easier
/u/vredditshare
Which country and president is this?
So happy doggo
 this is very good A good feeling
The best boi
Why’d I think that was Danny Devito
[deleted]
Well, mine strokes his ego...
What country is this?
Mickey d higgins
Michael D!
Aw, just adorable!
What country?
Joe Biden gives belly rubs I’ve heard...
Well that’s just fuckin precious
Aww what a sweet doggy.
Aboi mikey
I swear every single Bernese mountain dog acts like this 

Mine does the exact same thing down to the little raised paw
Did you are not filtered into I am looking for an interview for the first time since we have a nice day ahead I am not sure how to get the latest flash player to watch this video has been checked for an interview at your convenience and look forward for your convenience and I am not sure if you need your helpful to the latest flash the latest in technology co ltd address I have a good time for an appointment
Awww that doggo is just so happy to be getting all that attention. He looks like a well loved, happy doggo and that always makes me happy
That's a chonky dog
Nice
Well, it’s a Bernese Mountain Dog. It’s a requirement.
Ireland has the best Pets of State since the Corgis of Queen Elizabeth
u/Vredditdownloader
LP pop VB BV
Anyone know if he and Danny Devito have met, I mean there's got to be a lot of similarities between them.
this reminds me of the meme where a girl asked his bf if he loves her more then his dogs and he replied "know your fucking place, trash"
u/vredditdownloader
