My family’s yellow lab never barks or wakes up at night. A few years ago, she started barking in the middle of the night. My Dad told her to be quiet and she went back to sleep. Next morning we found out my truck was broken into in our driveway. You should always trust your dog.
You did a great job, Ares.
What breed(s) are the other four dogs?
I used to read meters, and I can’t tell you how many times I heard owners tell their barking and/or growling dogs to “be quiet”   “There’s no one out there” when in fact there was me out there. If your dog is alerted for some reason, there’s a reason.
You MUST tell him he’s a good boy
Hero Doggo! Tell us what happened! (If you're ok with it, of course)
Not letting his sheep get eaten.
Glad you are okay. It's a deep unsettled feeling when someone is in your space. I still feel unsettled when I think about the break in I had years ago. Glad Ares was living up to his name!
Dog alert went off a few weeks ago while DH and I were putting our infant to bed.  We all heard a strange sound downstairs.  Dogs went rocketing off the bed barking like mad and DH followed them down to investigate.  He looked around but didn't notice anything odd.  Dogs were not satisfied until there was a full perimeter check.  Still no indication of what the noise could be so 🤷‍♀️ put ourselves to bed.  

A recently we noticed a pry mark on the kitchen window, approximately where the sound came from.

I would almost feel sorry if someone actually broke in.  Almost...
Ares looks like a grizzled experienced war vet dog.
Absolutely beautiful boy, 15/10. What’s his breed?
Never ignore a Shepherd’s warning; personal experience has shown me that their bark/growl changes considerably. Ignored our Shepherd. Result: car broken into and stuff stolen.
Our dog we had when I was a kid started barking in the middle of the night once and everyone shushed her thinking it was just a cat or something.  In the morning the license plates off one of the cars was gone.  We promised not to ignore her at night again.  


Now, if my current dog started barking I would absolutely get up and see what was going on because he \*never\* barks.
German shepherds are the best! 😍
He’s good at his job and deserves a promotion and generous treat bonus.
Ares is a great name for a German Shepherd. A+ doggo.
Well by the looks of this image your dog was probably coked up out of his mind. No wonder he was on high alert.
Who breaks into a place with 5 dogs? Talk about a dumb criminal...
Dogs don’t bark at nothing.  You think they bark at nothing. It is not “nothing”. It might be a mistake but it isn’t nothing
Did you promote him?
>He left before the cops showed but  they were able to find him and determine that he has mental issues and  is known to them. Not dangerous, but as a female I take no chances.

Even if you  weren't in danger, he might have been in a position to need help. 

So it's good you called. (and may our police officers make us feel comfortable asking them for help)
How to do people sleep with doors unlocked? 

I don’t live in a bad neighborhood but I ALWAYS lock my doors.
True to his namesake, what an amazing protector! Good boy Ares!
Oh my gosh, that is so scary! I’m sorry you had to go through that - it is such an unsettling and violating feeling! I’m so glad this beautiful boy was there to alert and protect you!!! Dogs are so so so incredible! Please hug him tight and give him all the belly rubs and treats!!!!
He even looks like an awesome superhero.  Glad things turned out ok!
Ares is a good boy!
He deserves a special treat!
This was part of the very first deal we made with this great species. Here’s to Ares god of war lighting the beacons
Good dog. My brother has a dog that’s really protective, too. The dog is super sweet but if you are a threat to my brother or our family, you better run. He just can’t go out too much, though, because people say rude things to my brother because of his breed.
I’m glad he helped you, but you need to get him treatment for what appears to be a massive cocaine problem.
Luckily this didn’t  turn out like that story on r/NuclearRevenge with the  dogs  and  the  intruder

Edit: this one [https://www.reddit.com/r/NuclearRevenge/comments/d530oq/my\_dogs\_defend\_my\_family\_and\_my\_friend/](https://www.reddit.com/r/NuclearRevenge/comments/d530oq/my_dogs_defend_my_family_and_my_friend/)
Ares, The Dog of War
My German is always finding a place to watch outside and guard. He takes his job seriously.
My wife was walking him one day and a guy came up behind them and got too close (like 2-3 feet away). Our German didn't notice him until the last second and went full on guard mode to protect my wife. It was all she could do to hold him back and the idiot must have had problems because why do you do that to a person with a big dog? She kept telling him he has seconds to get lost as she was barely holding on. He finally left but never apologized or said anything. Our dog now is extra protective when walking with her.
Makes sense that the God of War was ready to fight.
God bless Ares!   Forever the watcher on the wall!
“Picture Of Dog”
A fitting name for him.
Good boy, Ares! You have an awesome name, too! (Greek myth geek)
that’s why i got 5 dogs. someone has got to hear it.
Long time ago in Haliburton County in Ontario  Canada. I was 12 years old, four years younger than Ginger, my aunt and uncles Lab. I was left at our place while my parents an my aunt and uncle made a quick run into town for some extras to go with the rottiesie chicken on the grill. 
 Things are good, I laze out on a lounge chair in back yard, seconds later Ginger is up growling like crazy. I look up, giant black bear has paws on post and rail rail fence ten feet away.
 Ginger gets up, turns on and chases this bear 50 yards downhill and across the road to bush on the other side.
 I'm shaking so much all I could do was thank her and give her a fresh bowl of water when she got back. 
 Parents and aunt and uncle come back, ask if I kept care of the chicken. Well yes.
I tell them about the bear, their response is well yes that will happen. Ginger at 16 was/is my hero dog.
My mom had a German Shephard. One night she became disoriented and ended up passed out in her driveway. It was 0 degrees (F) and she was wearing only a thin nightgown. Her dog sat beside her and continued barking until the neighbor finally came out to see what was wrong. When my mom got to the hospital her body temp was 78 degrees (F) and she had frost bite on her toes. But she survived.
Good boy
Hero
What a good boy!
What a good boy
I hope he got extra pats and treats
Wow, he is exceptionally beautiful. A very stoic and stern face, but my goodness he is cute!!! Good boy!
That dog is majestic. How gorgeous.
My gsd ate a tube of diaper cream this morning. Wish mine were more like yours and less like mine.
Beautiful dog.
Good boy.
Your dog is living up to its greek form as the God of war :)
Excellent work ares❤️
Good boy Ares. Good boy.
that's because he's Ares, Dog of War!
This shit made me look behind my shower curtain. 


But what happened? Did the dog fuck them up or what?
Best boi
Good boy dog meat
ARES, THE DOG OF WAR
I am also a single female with a long hair German Sheppard! This really hits home. They really know when something is off and deserve boiled chicken!
goodest boy!
What a good boi!
Good boy!!!
Hes a hero
That's why GSD are the best dog bros around
So true! We rely on our Shepherd for any kind of home defense! She has actually scared an armed guy off our property!! We also have two Great Danes and an Alaskan Malamute. Those three dogs are completely useless when it comes to protecting us from anything. Except maybe a stray butterfly, lol.
When I was married I went to urgent care at 11. I got home at 1. I creep in and my pit rescue comes down the stairs like a freight train. Sounded like she was gonna rip my throat out growling so loud. She saw it was me when she was face level with me. Turned around and went back to bed. She was NOT letting a stranger in ever. Dogs are good
My little dingus doesn’t even wake up right away when I come home. He keeps on snoozing until I wake him or make a louder noise. He’s a cavalier so his ears are very fluffy and heavy, so it’s not his fault he has built-in ear muffs. He’s doing his best, and he’s the best boy for it. Even though I would totally get robbed if someone came in in the middle of the night.
My first boxer dog never barked or growled. One night he was looking out the window at our car growling. The next morning out hubcaps were gone.
Literally as soon as I finished reading the post title, my German Shepherd bolted out of bed to the window. Turns out my apartment’s sprinkler system had gone off outside. But talk about coincidence...
I always wonder if my GSD (who is so sweet) will protect me if I’m in danger. Your post is reassuring. I hope it’s in her.
My German shepherd is a sweet heart but she is extremely protective.  I remember one time I was in my garage messing around and I heard her in the door way with a deep growl and the hair on her back standing.   I went to go see what was going on, and when I tried to get past her (she was standing somewhat sideways in the doorway) I almost fell because it was like I walked into a brick wall.  There was a dog in our neighbors yard, and our neighbor didn’t own a dog, so likely a stray.  She was not about to let me get between her and unknown doggo
Doggo does an ADT!
what a good boy
Good boy.
So adorable
What a good boy!
Good boi deserves all the treats! My boy, Odin, has saved my (34, f) life many times. One time, I was walking him and a van of guys drove up behind me, opened the side door and were starting to get out. Odin flipped out. He put his body between me and them, while pushing me back. He went full attack mode, lunged at them and they drove off before being able to close the door. He scared the hell out of those guys! He’s usually a big, timid, and goofy boy, but not when it comes to my safety/protection. He got a lot of treats when we got home. I love gsds!
Just got a shepherd puppy a few months ago with my wife. Shes the absolute best. I can't wait to have her for the next (hoepfully) 15ish years with her. So loyal and smart.
My dog will growl and bark if she hears something. Most of the time it's the neighbors over the fence she can't see but I always let her out to check the property juuuust in case.  She's a good judge of character so I'll give her that.
My shepherd passed away in January.  I had him for 11 years.  It is amazing to see how my other two dogs (not shepherds) don't care as much about noises outside our house since he has been gone.  He was always protecting our house and was keeping the other dogs on their toes.
Of course the fucking god of war did something do not challenge ares
I'd expect nothing less from the God of War
My cat woke me up at 4am one morning and would NOT STOP MEOWING until I followed him. It turns out the gardener was taking fruit from one of the trees in our backyard and the cat didn’t like it. 

When that cat wakes me up at 4am I listen to him
Ares... the dog of war.
He’s a fabulous dog! Wow, he’s so good looking. Smart too by the sound of things. Well done.
Jesus, imagine going to rob a house and there's actually 5 dogs inside >.>
I hope he got lots of treats at the end of that. Is everyone ok?
My dog could hear my little brother having a seizure in his room in the middle of the night and we wouldn’t have known if we didn’t hear him barking from his crate. My brother was later diagnosed with epilepsy.
You don't need your protection cuz he is the GOD OF WAR.
Gorgeous beastie
Well, now we know who the goodest boy is!
That's a good boy doing his good boy duties
Filet mignon for you, the goodest boy!
Dogs know.
Germán Shepherds are the best!!!
Fucking outstanding job, Ares, you are indeed among the best of the good boys.
What a majestic creature
What a hero!!
Good boy!
Could they have been awake but just listening and waiting for your growling dog to give directions about what to do?
Always check! If its nothing then shut up.
Good boy!! Wow is he gorgeous!
What is Ares the god of? Mythologically speaking.
That's a good boy
Glad you’re safe. That’s one good boy.
Bet you'll listen to him next time ❤ A good boi indeed.
Hero
You give him belly ribs now.
Ares is the god of war. Of course he's gonna protect his human mom.
Evil doers beware: you are not safe even UNDER the snow, for Goodboy is on the prowl tonight.
Hope you praised him so the snow melted off him.
what a good boy!
That must have been scary.  Glad all six of you are all right!
He looks live a very smart boy!
All the treats for Ares! Give him a good belly rub!
Good boy!
A growling protector. A dog knight.
Good boy Ares!
TRUST YOUR DOG-ALWAYS
Gorgeous and a hero.  Good boy!
What a good boy! Glad you are fine and it was nothing but a scare. Give that handsome boy a tight hug for me!!
He looks like me during a bender.
I’m really sorry this happened to you, scary stuff.  What a good boy!
I have traps setup incase of an intruder. They're a lot like the Home Alone traps.
He's a guard dob by nature. It's in his blood. Great dogs.
Ares! Ares! Ares!
Ares: "You idiots, one of us is meant to stay awake while the pack and Hooman sleeps"
I put a Bluetooth speaker under my kids’ bed and played some chatter and screams on YouTube. The GSD female and the Blue Heeler ran into my room and hid behind me, the other GSD, Malco just curled up on my oldest’s bed at his feet like he wouldn’t be impressed when something popped out at him.
Good boy!
He is an absolute beauty.
Fitting name lol
That dog is a badass.   Good looking also.
What was it, a squirrel?
Is there any extra herd mentality when one of the dogs will stay up when the others are sleeping?  Then go away and sleep when the others are putzing around at 9am-2pm?
He's gorgeous - inside and out!
Oh man we had a lady GSD when I was a kid named Freya and I always wanted to get a big boy and name him Thor, but now I want a whole pack all named after badass ancient gods.

Glad to hear you're okay OP!
SUCH A GOOD BOY
What a good boy
What a chad
Make sure you tell him what a GOOD BOY HE ISSS
[deleted]
He is beautiful! And a hero!!
Wow 5 dogs?! What a dream!
GSD's are absolutely the best. It wasn't a breed I pictured myself with when I dreamed about getting my own dog the last 20 years. Now in just in the span of a year, I have two.

They take up all the room in the bed, but I sleep like a rock. Safest bed ever.
I have had a GREAT dog now for about 3 years, and as soon as I got to know him, i quickly came to believe that he is almost as important to have around  as a gun for home defense.
Ares is a damn fine dog name.
Good boye!  Please give him extra treats and belly rubs!
What a beautiful beast.
Good boy!!! A hero! So glad y’all are safe!❤️
Give that boy a special treat
THE GOODEST BOY EVER
That’s a good fucking dog right there
attaboy
10/10 good floofer, would pet.
He pretect, but most important he perfect.
Whatta good boyo I just hope Ares never meets a dog named Kratos.
Real one
GSD are best dogs ever!
Good boy!
My German Shepard is the same he’s so alert and territorial/protective of me. He has different barks too depending on how close the stranger is to the property. When my boy is asleep, I love to sneak up on him and see how close I can get before I wake him lol
That's a good boy.
Trust your animals
Good boi
Cute
Good boy, Ares!!
Great job Ares! Wish my dog would growl at least. He barks only once a week ;( haha
The goodest boy in the world. 

Give him an extra snack for this.
Amazing!
Count your blessing beautiful dog
You got a handsome shepherd. I have a standard coat german myself she’s a derp but never misses an opportunity to warn me someone approaches. But generally always lock your doors I never feel comfortable home alone unless they’re locked
My dog is also called Ares! But he is the worst guard dog ever hahaha
Great true story but don't show too much extra affection towards just him. I'm sure your other dogs know they messed up. Dogs are smart but also very sensitive.
Happy it all turned out well. Dogs are women best friends also🌹
He is the very best boy! I hope he gets lots of pets and treats for his bravery haha
That photo: "Really? I'm trying to warn you and you tell me 'Shhhh'?...not happening, dude.  Grrrrrrr."
A functional reason to own a dog. But not even near the best reasons why. Give Ares a pat for me.
Fire your other 4 dogs
Definitely a good boy! My dog would have made friends with the intruder then left me for him.
My old neighbor had a German Shepherd named Ares, too, and he was the sweetest pup! Always jumped the fences to visit all the neighbors, haha.
Ares: the Dog of War
I don't believe you are being truthful.
What a beautiful motherfucker
Oh yikes, that’s scary! It’s a good thing you have such a vigilant boy looking out for you! How in the world did you deal with the intruder??
Meanwhile my family’s dumbass dog will bark at 3am and wake up everyone in the house because a random cat outside ran under one of our cars.
And this is why a lot of guard/police dogs are German Shepherds.
Cry havoc and let slip the dog of war!
Ok WHAT HAPPENED AFTER THAT! WAS THERE AN INTRUDER?? COME ON ,HAVEN’T YOU READ THE THREAD people WANT TO KNOW !!
He wanted War.
My puppy is lazy as fuck. She snores through the night even when there are strange noises outside.
Good old God of war. He looks like an Ares
Big nose so boopable
My dog would go after them, no matter what I said. Only a true intruder. He’s been trained, however. I’m surprised Ares didn’t want to go get him! Maybe your door was closed. Kick the others 4 out. Just kidding!! I love all of them. ❤️ We just feel safer with a big, lovable trained guard dog.
Do you have much dog fur in your house? We got two layer carpet no matter how much I brush her, and vacuum.
Good boy!
Best boy
Lol, it's always nice to be the NPC for once.

"It was nothing ... Must have been the wind."

Anyway, good for your dog and good for you
Brafen hund!
What a good boy!
My dude Ares. Good boy.
Das a goot bbbbbboooiii
Wow!! My german shepherd’s name is Ares too and he too is awesome!
Wow nice tonight our Lhasa Apso barked like just twice but they were "get your butt over here!" barks, our neighbors were in their garage at night but still that's human activity outside our house so I gave her a big bedtime treat. Good girl.
r/germamshepherds
Shepherds are little guardian angels.
I used to do overnight dog sitting and the dogs slept in bed with me and both of them would growl in their sleep. It was very unsettling.
>Ares

Dog of War!
My 14 year old Irish sitter never barks. He went nuts one night, so I got up. Dude was breaking into my car and tried opening my garage door. I was there with the old man and my piece, guy was very compliant
Good dogs protect their pack. You've got a good one.
Aw your boy is gorgeous! I just lost my long-haired shepherd at the beginning of January and I miss him so much. He was just like that too, if something was up he would let me know and stay super close to me the whole time. He was named after a god too - Odin!
Alpha dog identified.
My dogs are usually quiet dogs, but they have been barking all night every night for the last few weeks. There's been a big surge of petty thefts and break ins in my town at the moment.

I've had our ash tray stolen from the our front porch 6 times in 10 days. You can pinpoint exactly when it happens too, thanks to the dogs. They'll bark at the perp, but by the time you've made it to the front door to check they've already legged it down the street.

It's unsettling. Always trust your dog.
Who's a good boy? You're a good boy, yes you are.
[You boy deserves all the treats](https://i.imgur.com/1Q4jXup.jpg)
Ares, the deity of war. That’s such a metal name man. Good boy
One day a stranger entered the front yard and asked my old mom for some address,  he was in fact checking the house. My GSD was inside the house  and charged jumped at the window with snarls. Damn protective,  in fact he has bitten people who inspite of the warning sign, foolishly enter the premises. Really miss the guy. Love him.
Wow...good puppy! Glad you're okay. I have a guard kitty. She's pretty amazing. Someone was trying my front door late one night and she went right to the door hissing and spitting. I hadn't heard anything till she started putting up a fuss. Called the Police and found out it was a drunken intruder who didn't know where he was and was trying doors.
he protecc
I would always get the hair standing up on the back of my neck when my dog barked at night randomly. Immediately would go check. Glad your pup and you are safe!
He is an awesome dog ✌️😎
Good Doggo!  I’ve got 2. They tend to bark a lot but never at night (unless there’s a something in the backyard - normally a deer). Neither would hurt a fly, but the biggest is a 75 lb scary looking pit bull with a ferocious sounding bark. No one needs to know he’d piss himself (literally) if a stranger approached him.  Lol But he looks menacing from afar which is the whole point.
ALWAYS get up to look. after hearing so many stories about dogs trying to help us, warn us, save us.. I can't imagine ever ignoring something a dog does. They are tapped into some shit we can only wish to be, senses wise. listen to them, they hear and smell things that you don't know are there,
My dog (who barks for a reason) started barking and my mom just assumed she was barking at a cat but I could tell something was wrong. I decided to go outside to see what the commotion was about and behold - An adult Green Mamba snake was making its way to our garage. (Our washing machine and dryer is in there and my mom was busy with the dryer so it was probably going there for warmth). I took my dog back inside and we ended up finding 2 more adults outside, making that 3 in total. 

Basically, it’s always important to trust your dog but it’s also equally important for you to understand the different barks your dog has! They’re always trying to tell you something, you just need to listen! 

Glad that the whole family is safe OP! You have a good doggo taking care of you 💕
Good boy Ares! Good to know you're ok OP. I hope there was no harm or damage. That's scary shit, tell your dog I love him and I'm glad you're both ok. Maybe slip him a treat or a belly rub for me. EDIT: I had to add that in the picture he looks like he got hit in the face w/ a snowball and is thinking "Real funny. Laugh now, I'm gonna poo on your pillow later." But a great boy like that would never do that.
Can intel us what happened after u checked
You never ignore a German shepherd growling talking from experience
An easy home security job is to replace the screws in your door strike plate(s). They're usually half inch screws that only go into trim and stop nobody. Replace them with 4 inch deck screw to get into the meaty door frame and make the lock nearly impossible to kick through.

Just a little easy peace of mind.
When I was in high school I had a GSD who was as quiet as could be and rarely barked at anything. Late one night he went bananas out of nowhere. Barking at the door for two straight minutes. Woke everyone up, and we were dumbfounded. A few days later we saw on the news that some elderly couple two blocks away had their house broken into and were tied up at gunpoint and robbed. I gave my dog a pig’s ear.
Who was the intruder human or an animal?
Good boah

-arthur Morgan
My dog is super quiet. I think for the 6 months I have him, I can count the amounts of barks with two hands and have spare.  
So I know that that one time he did bark in the middle of the night, something was up.  
Apparently someone was trying to open the door to the apartment next door, and my dog scared whoever it was.  
He definitely got a treat that night.
Had a GSD at one point called Bella. I got her from a family who found out the mother developed allergies to dogs, and before that she was bought by a couple who were child free but gave her up because they moved to China and for some reason they couldn’t take her with them. 

Bella was a Star. She was that TV dog that you always wanted. Smart, lovable, protective, loves to swim, and catch a Frisbee. 

She was our alarm system. Our neighborhood was going through a series of breakthroughs, and our other dog, Shaggy, is too lovable and can be bribed incredibly easy with a pet. Too friendly to watch. 

One night she was barking very loudly and I go out to check what is going on. By the time I turned on the lights and go out, she stops. 

The next day we find out our neighbor’s house was broken into. 

I like to think Bella saved us. 

Another time she was in the front yard with the door open playing with my sister. My sister was 5 at the time. Our area is generally safe (a couple of break ins that were solved quickly were the worst things that happens). But Bella was growling at a man who was standing opposite our front door staring at my sister. She eventually goes up to him and bites his leg, and she guy walks away, with Bella returning back to us. 

Animal control comes in a few days later and take her to quarantine as per protocol. She was in doggy jail for a week, and it was one hell of a week. Eventually they let her out after we paid around $1500 in fines (insane in and of itself). 

The man who was attacked was a construction worker who wasn’t working in the area and was just walking around. My father offered to pay for all his medical fees and what not, and our other neighbor was the one who pushed the worker to complain to the municipality about our dog. 

Bella passed away recovering from blood loss due to gastric torsion. She was recovering from the surgery and didn’t make it through the night. I still miss my baby. Shaggy is still around being goofy and lovable, an old man dog of 14 years old. 

Give Ares a lot of pets and treats on behalf of Bella for me!
I can’t even tell you how many times I’ve been breaking into people’s houses in the middle of the night and alerted the dog only for the owner to send it out for a piss.
My German Shepherd always tucks me into bed at night and makes sure I'm going to sleep. When I shut my phone and light off he heads out into the living room and always sleeps by a door. He has a distinct bark though when he hears footsteps at night.
I fucking love animals
Your a good boi Ares 🐕
how do you train a dog to stand guard, sit and high five is nice but not a fan of tummy pets from the man in the ski mask
I have yorkies.  Its not kind of dog that will alert you at 4am. Usuakly when I come hone late, amd theyre on first floor they completely ignore opening gate and entering come with pretty loud door lock. When I reach last step on stairs they usually start borking lol.
Is the other German shepherd male or female?  My father had. theory that female German shepherds that had puppies were about the most protective dog you could ever get.  Our sample size was n=1 so not particularly scientific.
Oh my, he is so beautiful! And Ares is a great name for him. Please give him a good cuddle from me :)
He's a beauty#
It's in their genes.
You name a dog after the god of war you better expect him to be battle ready
And??? Then what????
So scary! Are you okay? Did he scare the intruder away?

Edit: Give him lots of treats and all the pets today! 🤗
This is so weird. Just last night my lab started barking out of nowhere around 11pm. We got up and checked and didn't find anything but it's odd this would be the 5th post I scroll across after waking up.
I have a German shepherd who barks when someone is at the door or if someone is acting wierd. Good dogs and even better house doggos. My bestie xx
That’s a very good boy 🐶
Good boy, Ares. GSD’s are such special dogs. To clarify, all dogs are special...but GSD’s are truly valiant creatures. Can confirm because I had one for 15 years who was the kindest soul but if someone so much as looked at me the wrong way or slightly raised their voice she would put herself in the middle and give them the good girl stare down. The breed will always have a special place in my heart.
fluffy alarm systems are the best kind.
We had the same exact dog when I was little but he was names Zeus. So the name made me feel sad but happy at the same time
I know this is about the good doggo, but my cat has tried to save me a few times.  She will growl and once she would not stop mewing at the wall.  I could not figure it out and went to bed.  Turns out the water heater was failing
Goodest boi!!!
A couple of years ago our lab started going crazy at around 3am while I was sleeping. I thought he just wanted to pee so I walked to the sliding door opened it and walked (garden apartment). As I was standing outside stretching I saw three guys standing 20m from me in our garden. The next moment our lab came charging out full force at going mental at them! They shat their pants and jumped the fence into the neighbors yard and then on to the next one. He was a good boy!
Wait op you can't simply say that and leave us hanging! What happened? Did the intruder run run away?
I think he deserves a treat and a belly rub
Good boy gets a big boop
Man I sure hope the intruder wasnt a clown shitting on your desk.
Clearly fake story and fake picture.
Your Doggo protected you. Give many treats and hugs!
He protec
The best fucking boi 🥺
Lock your damn doors lady! This ain't the 80's anymore
Great story! If you're in the USA, are you a member of your local Nextdoor network? It's a free social media site for neighbors.  People have to use their real names, etc.  They discuss things like this, when there's someone in the neighborhood to watch out for.

Yay for Ares!!!  I used to have a beautiful Rottweiler-mix named Shoshana.  She looked like a Collie but Rottweiler coloring.  She came from a city of Detroit shelter.  She was absolutely sweet as pie and completely chill... except when her instincts kicked in.  She'd show teeth, raise hackles and bark violently, staying between me and whoever she didn't like.  She was so sweet, she even raised foster kittens with me.  But man did she guard me!!

My current dog, an English Setter mix, never met a stranger. Loves everyone.  Wouldn't dream of barking at anyone coming in.  She'd assume they were coming in to admire her.  As much as I adore her, I really miss having a watchdog.
[removed]
This doggo is the bestest boy he deserves many pets and large treat amount
Very good boy. But you have five dogs??
Looks like a handsome AND brave boy. Let me take another look...ya, definitely handsome and brave.
Sssoooooooooo..... what happened???
Appropriate name for a guard dog.
Good boy
Best breed of dogs in the world, yea I’m biased
Now that’s a GOOD BOY !!!
Beautiful dog. Always loved German Shepherds, 3rd only to Rottweilers and Doberman.
Great boy
My dog used to always sleep in front of my flat's door or besides my bed. I loved having him around when I slept, but the feeling of safety I felt when he fell asleep at the door is hard to describe. 

I am never worried about someone breaking into my flat, but theres a whole new level of absolute safety a dog can provide that I never experienced again. 

Ares is a hero.
Don't shame the other four puppers ;(
THE BEST BOY!
If you don't mind sharing, what are the breeds of the 5 dogs you have? Just curious what their sizes are like how they get along with one another
What a good boi
Did you put a cap in his ass?
He looks like he is saying: See? I told you.
Good boy.
Four dogs and the intruder chose your house?? He’ll be really easy to catch. Tell the cops to look for the guy with the biggest balls in the city.
Awesome for Ariel! Great young lad!
He's a hero
Beautiful animal ❣️
Treats and belly rubs are sufficient and deserved, but a monument to your pup seems to be in order. I hear marble makes for a nice statue and I'll chip in for it.
Good doggo. If my dog growls at an unusual time I’ll always investigate it.
15/10 would reward him with many pets and a special treat  good boy for life.
Then that's the one that gets extra treats and dibs on the bed and couch closest to you. : )
Ares is a good boy!!
He's  a beautiful part of your family and your life. You are in his debt. 🥰🌟
Always listen to your beautiful boi! He’s got your back!
100% good boy.
Good doggy
truly the best boy, i hope he got extra pets and treats today :))
Ares is a very good boy and please give him a hug from me.
He is the goodest of bois
Aww. He's the goodest of boys!
That's a good boi
Such a beautiful doggo :)
Yeah I'm never gonna worry about that. I live in an apartment and my two dogs raise hell if anyone makes thumping sounds outside my door or hollers. I'd hate to be the guy who tries to break in.
Oh that's a good boy.
Ares, the dog of war lol
what happened?
He’s a gorgeous dog!  Beautiful coat!
That's called a good boy
Who’s a good boy ? Ooh yeah it’s you of course it’s you cute boy
My grandpa's dog was also names Ares (Aras in my native language)
Give him a boop for me, good dog Ares
You got 5 dogs hoping one of them will do their job.

Am I the only one who finds it funny thinking about how the other 4 dogs kept sleeping. :DD
Dogs for life
So scary. Good boy.
What if my dog barks in the middle of the night every night?
Good boy.
Good boy!
My German Shepherd did the same things many years ago. It was around 3:40 am and he would not stop growling, even after a few attempts to get him to jump back in the bed and settle. It was at that point I noticed he was growling towards the bedroom door and when I got up I could hear movement downstairs. He chased the fuckers out before I could even make it downstairs. Good boy, Ares!
Good boy following his instincts. Lucky family!
Yikes
Fantastic photo, his nose especially is very detailed
Majestic af
This dog looks identical to the one I saw yesterday on a delivery! Beautiful shepherd btw.
He probably would have gotten more intense if the intruder were to have gotten close. Good boy.
A Shepherd named after the god of War  not afraid of a fight?  Don't act so surprised, lol.
Now That's a good boy!
Dats a good boy!
Good boy!
Gangster move. Impressive!
Great boi
Whatta good boy!
+rep
Good boy, Ares. ps, i’m sure r/germanshepherds would love this furry hero
Good boy Ares, good boy!
Gsds are great guard dogs, but they can "cry wolf" a sometimes so I know what you mean by dismissing it.
Give that mighty pup a much deserved treat!
Good dog
German shepherds are awesome and have great minds.  They figure things out and test things.
What a good little buddy
So did the person actually gain access to your house?
He’s a good boy!
Hes beautiful!!!
GSD is a genetic wonder.

Good boy Ares!
Our Black purebred  GSD never barks,,but when he does,,we pay attention. His bark rattles the windows. He’s well trained. Ares is a good boy! 👏👏👏
There’s someone strange/creepin in your house/who you gonna call/GOOD BOY!
Horaaaaay for Ares!
Yay Ares!  Wish I could've seen the intruder's face when he got a look at you.
The good-est of boys.
Awesome! I’ve been thinking of getting a German Shepard for a few weeks now. This post shows that they are good home protectors. 

Asking for a friend, but do they shed and bark a lot?
Good boy, Ares! My Rottweiler, named Ares passed in 2014. Such a good boy and your post brought back good memories of him. 

Thank you!
The best boy
Trust the puppers.     I know it is a passe statement but I do not care.    If my dogs like you....you are ok
Bad ass Ares!
Give him their treatos.
The protector.
German shepherd and an ar15 is de wae
My Zeddog growls n' barks EVERY DAMN TIME I come home from work.. I now know it's to show me just how much he gives fucks about the family I leave behind, since soon as he hears my voice it's mostly tail-wags and anticipation of the walk-about..
..swear I spend an hour letting him drag me around after and he STILL loves them more..
..and it's fine, this is FINE.. my good-boy ~
My old blue tick coonhound has blood around her mouth when I came home. Someone had tried to break into the back of the house and apparently, she got a little testy. She was the sweetest dog at every other time, and the laziest as she was olde but I was a bit surprised and oddly happy that they got all the way to breaking some glass before she got all over their hand and arms while they tried to unlock the door.
That the exact name I wanna name my dog when I get one lol 😊
He’s a fricking beauty
Good boy.
It amazes me to see how gentle and fearsome Germans can be at the same time. You can leave infants around them and they wouldn't harm them in any way but a funny looking stranger is fair game. Germans are semper fi personified.
What a majestic good boy
My dachshund is my home defender. He has alerted me to things both useful and non-useful lol I'll always have a dog for that reason.
Good job, Ares! Hope he’s enjoying some extra loving today, and that you’re okay and it wasn’t too bad or dangerous.
My family’s dog barks in a different way for different things. He barks continuously for any unfamiliar human sounds or presence, while he barks in a menacing two step kind of way if it is a reptile of any kind like snakes or chameleons. He just growls and goes straight in for attack if it is a rodent or crow.
Extra scratches or cookies or whatever he wants!!!
Ares, Dog of Raw
Love the name
What a good boi. Then; what? You hung out with the intruder?
He is a smart good boy and I am so proud of him
Good boy.
That’s a good boy!
He's a gosh darn hero boi. :)))
15/10 good boy!
GSDs are the best, gorgeous looking pup you got
Great job Ares!! Such a good boy!
Fido needs a xtra doggy biscuit
what are your give a dog a bone policies?
German Shepherds are so legit
He's a lucky intruder.
Cutie pie
He certainly is a stud!!
Good boy! The dogs I live with will bark me out of my sleep every fucking night for absolutely no reason. Apparently their owner thinks it's okay to not teach them shit just because they are small and cute... I am doing my best but I can't fucking train three dogs when I'm asleep
Seeing good dogs makes me feel better about this world
That's a good boy. Love him.
Good boy! The other dogs need a stern lecture.
Living up to his name waiting for a fight.
For each upwote, doggie gets a good boy.
r/DogsWithJobs
Handsome boi deserve some good treats and belly rubs
My family had a burglary attempt back when I was very young like 4-6 years old. I remember us coming home from a long day of shopping and our big windows in the living room were busted open and the door was left half cracked. They didn't end up taking anything because our big half wolf (and I think half German Sheppard? I honestly don't exactly remember her other half but she was a big dog) had been left inside while we were gone and she spooked them off before they got anything. I'm not big into dogs but I will always thank and remember that dog for being our hero back then<3
So what happened
are other dogs of yours German shepherds too?
What a boss. 🤟
German Shepard’s to Belgian Malinois just have the best looking mugs!
What a good boy!
Grumpy boofer knows a big wisdom
Such a handsome boy.
he da hansom
What a GOOD BOY!!!!!
Hug Ares for me, will ya?
You good?  Everythings alright?
I really doubt the post text but the dog is A1.
*kisses the snoot*
The best boy. Keeping things secure.
Yup, sheperds are fluffy guardian angels sent from heaven. My shepsky has a "Guard" command so she points if anyone is approaching me and defends if a hostile dog attacks too.
That’s a solid 15/10 on the good boy scale for sure!
You better treat him better than the other doggie, jk
best boy.
Top level good boy
He is no longer just a dog, but a guardian now.
Good boy
Extra bellies, treats and scratches!
Never should've come here!
He looks like a guy I use to date.
Good doggo
Bestest boi!
GOOD DOGGIE ❤️❤️
I love Ares. Also that’s such a cool name, I’ve always wanted to name my future dogs names like that
That’s a freaking good boy
Best boi
YOUR PUPS ARE EXCELLENT
Love stories like these. Good boi.
GOOD BOY GOOD BOY
“The FOK you looking at?”
- Dog
Nice job! My dog also woke me up this morning, by spewing twice in the bed and twice on the carpet. Gotta love em
Good boy Ares
Beautiful doggo....
 Wow what a beautiful dog
Good boy.
You have my blessing
Love his name
What a majestic beauty
Good boi
Aww, who's a good boy?
He's a good boy
Good dog.
Sooo... what was he growlin' about?
You had me at "handsome boy".....

My dog has always been my best friend, closest comrade,  best listener,  etc.  and i trust him more than any human, ever.   He knows what's up... he KNOWS.... listen to the wisdom in your dog. He/she might surprise you.
My dog was barking early in the morning and even when I told her to be quiet she kept barking. I get up to let her out and she's barking from the concrete slab. I peek over the chair and apparently some homeless person broke into our back yard and fell asleep there. Called the cops and they escorted them out and told them to "walk away from here." I was like bruh......at least drop them off at a shelter or have them sleep it off in a cell or something.
Those pictures are so cute!
A berry good boi!!!!
Ares, you truly are a reliable guy.
I also have german shepherd named Ares, i always loved greek mythology so i chose name of  god of war
I specifically taught my cattle dog not to bark unless it’s something he is unfamiliar with so when he has barked the couple times in the night throughout the years it’s a dead give away. Never had anyone get into the house which is good but seen people walk away from it or a stray dog looking into back sliding door.
I had a dog with the same name. It wasnt pure breed but it did look like a German Shepard. :( Seems Ares have always heart of gold
He is a handsome hero. Glad you're all safe.
He sensed a war coming.
Good boi😄
When you ever get a new dog, call him Kratos. You’ll never have an intruder again.
Bless the snow baby :3
good boy
He's stunning
Can't beat a sheparino. They're too good.
I used to have a Shep, such a loyal dog, they just get off on being in your company. And those ears were designed to listen out for trouble, you can actually watch them track noises with their ears!
Good boy
Respect.
The goodest doggy
Aww such a good boy!
that's a police dog for you :)
That, right there, is why dogs got their reputation as man's best friend. Good boy
That is exactly what I'd expect from a dog named ares.
Of course it is named Ares. The Greek god of war
Pretty sure he was made for that.
What a good boy, doing his job well. Plus hes gorgeous too.
Brains, loyalty and beauty?! What a catch!!
Good boy.
That dog looks scary AF!
How did the intruder encounter go?
"You dare to defy dog of War" Ares to Intruder probably
Good boy Ares
😂 come live in South Africa, every small squick of a noice will be 99% intruders
X gonna give it to ya
Greek god of war doggo
Good for Ares. Also I bet if anyone came in withkut you looking they would of got a bit fucked by your good ole boy
Good job, good boy!
At least now you finally have an excuse to pick a favourite
You named him after a War God.

What do you expect?

“You cannot rest when enemies are nearby”
That’s what being a Big dog is all about
Then he had earned his name
I hope you bought him a filet for a reward
Dog did her job. Hope she got a big treat!
germans take their job serious
Best dog ever. Was he ever trained to be a guard dog? I'm thinking of getting a German Shepherd, just like your Ares. Sick name btw
This is so cute.
Our dog regularly howls with the Coyotes that trespass our neighborhood....
Give him some pats and treats by me!
Came home a few weeks ago from work and my parents were out of town. Got home to find the house door wide open and my german sheperd and other dogs running g around the yard. Someone tried to go through our front which had a kennel in front if it they opened it up just enough for my german sheperd to run through and chase them the hell away. We still dont know who tried to get in but if it wasn't for my german sheperd we probably would have been robbed blind
Him good boi.
What breed are the other dogs?
Dog of war.
Beautiful Boi.
Turned my frown upside down.
Who's a good Boy!! You are!!
This handsome (killer).   
Good boi but deff. would not want to be on the angry side of him!
Good boy
What a good dog , just doing his job!
Good boy Ares!
Cheers to Ares, commander of the good boys
The BEST boy!
Good boy!!! Definitely deserves more belly rubs and treats than normal!!!
Very good naming then ^^ I wouldnt mind having this god of war protecting my house
He's the dog! Best doggo is one who puts it's owners safety first.
>4am this morning
good job doggo c:
Good Ares.
Very, very good boy.
Good boy!
Good boi
That’s a good pup.
I like his name
With a name lika thati would wake up in aninstant
Good boy
Best boye ❤
Handsom as heck!
Gorgeous :)
Whenever there’s a growl or bark from my dogs I’m up. No matter how tired I am, I’ve conditioned myself to think “what if.” Sometimes I’m a little more tired in the morning but I can handle that.
He looks like he's more than willing to chew somebody a new asshole. Then go cuddle with your youngest on the couch.
What did u do to the intruder
That's a good boi!
Good boy, Ares!
-	Everyone
Yeah I’d fucking nope out if I was breaking into a home and saw this dog
We had a few break ins in my area last December, and I realized my dogs were my best defence.  So I stopped telling my dogs to “stop barking” and started telling them “it’s ok, it’s just the neighbors, you don’t need to bark”.  Or, “it’s ok, it’s just Matty getting home from school” and they quiet down.  It took a couple days for them to learn this new routine.  When I don’t know what it is, I say “good puppies, let’s check”, and I look out the window. Total game changer around here!
German shepherds are incredible! We have 2.  He probably would have kicked ass
What a goodboy ❤️
That is a phuching dog right there folks!

GORGEOUS 
💕💕💕💕💕
Ares is a good dog. Make sure he knows he is loved by the internet!
What a good boy 🏅
Growing up our GSD kept us safe from anything that dared get near our house.  So, dog walkers, squirrels and raccoons who dared share our street wee always put on notice.  

When we got a burglar alarm, the installer said, 'Why bother?  You already have a watchdog!'   Well, we wanted to protect the dog and when we took him on trips with us...
My German Shepherd did the same thing for me one night. Best dogs in my opinion. Hope you are all safe and sound.
Stunning dog
Absolutely stunning!  Kudos to Ares! Xx🐾
I hope he got a special treat!
He is a good boy. I can imagine the god of war is pleased his namesake lives in this hero of a pooch.
This is what one would call the dog of war
And as a thank you, you threw snow all over the poor creature? You meanie!
he did his job very well
Give this pup a medal
Good doggy👏👏👏👍♥️
My golden barks at literally everything.  It it's something he can see, it's alarm worthy.  My cat however, he was super chill.  If anything made him growl during the night, it would wake me up immediately to check.
What a handsome boy!
I never tell my dog to be quiet without checking what he's barking at. I trust my boy.
My very rural girlfriend’s 9yr old dog is some adorable conglomeration of several breeds of hounds, stands about 16 inches high and is definitely the man of the house. There are 5 other dogs there too, all Chocolate Labs, save one chihuahua, one of Labs is also hers and the others are my gf’s daughter’s dogs. 

All raise hell at the slightest annoyance. The 9yr old barks at everyone who comes in the house, regardless if he knows them or how long it’s been that he’s seen them, including my gf.

One night on my most recent stay (she lives in another state) I was asleep when something heavy hit the glass of the sliding back door. I almost shat myself. Not a peep from the dogs. In fact her two who sleep with us were just lying there all comfy in the near perfect darkness, looking at me like “aren’t you gonna go see what that was?” I could see their eyes reflecting back the glow from my watch.

I was about to lay back down and write it off as a noise I’d heard in a dream, but I heard it again, only not as loud. No one bats an eye.

“Fuck,” I thought “I need to see what that is I suppose.” I grab her mag lite from under the bed and proceed down the hall in near complete darkness. I peek around the corner into the kitchen at the back door and in the waning quarter moon, I see what at first I thought was a dog pacing around on her back deck. I sneak up to the porch light and flip the switch and it’s not a dog, it’s a pig. A genuine Arkansas Razorback about 30” high at the shoulder. 

It looks up and in the space of time it took me to form the thought, “Is this thing going to bust through the glass and rip me a new one?”, it jetted off into the Arkansas night. The size of this one led me to believe if it was serious it would have been through that door easily. 

I’m not an avid hunter, I will from time to time hunt, always for meat, and I’m kinda feeling like I’d want to hunt a wild pig once. I’ve a LOT to learn about pigs before I’d ever set out hunting one though.
There was somebody in your house at 4 o’clock in the morning?
Good dog
Good boy, Ares.
Good boy! That's a very good boy!
Looks wise af
where do you live that someone would break into your home?
An aptly named pupper!
Why did you tease me by saying "other four dogs" and only give me a photo of one...
Excellent  boy!! My springer saved me from burglars, who broke in while I was asleep..I was a single mother at the time, just me, my daughter and my dog. He stopped them coming upstairs and chased them away. Forever my hero <3
HE’S THE MAN NOW DOG
Didn't get enough karma the first time you posted this pic, eh?
Awesome name
Good dog. Did it's job.
Give him a big kiss for that handsome boy
GOO BOI
Name checks out
What a handsome boi
^he ^gud ^boi
WHAT A GOOD BOI. I wish I could send him a treat!
Dude was breaking into a home with four doggos. Ares saved him from himself.

True hero.
Ares will straight up END YOU if you mess with OP!!! 😳🇺🇸
Doggo was like, get up you lazy POS. What kind of pack leader are you?

Few more incidents like that it, and one day Ares is going be "look at me, I am the captain now."
What a beautiful, smart boy. I’m surprised if anything that the other dogs didn’t feel his distress.
The other four didn’t _need_to wake up. Ares had it covered. Seriously.

If Ares had gone nuts and waked them up they would have, in a show of solidarity, also freaked. But they didn’t wake up if he was just growling because they didn’t hear him, the same way they didn’t hear the intruder, because they were off duty.

I’m guessing the other four dogs are all older than Ares, correct?  If not, my explanation is a bit less tenable, but it’s still the only one that I can think of.

On a related note: Who’s a good boy? Ares is a good boy! Yes he is!
Dude would have walked right back out seeing that big boi.
Ares is an absolute unit.
My *pause* dog (we love him but omit the good when talking to him) completely slept through an intruder. Intruder was in the garage, doggo was in the mud room next to the garage. Doggo had just undergone surgery and was on pain killers - I feel so sad for him. He lost his moment; his time to shine! He slept through the event and the garage was completely cleaned out at 2:00 AM.
My dog barks all of the time. However, he’s only GROWLED twice. Both times there was a person lurking in my backyard.
Das my goowd boy hims knows whats upz 🐾
My dog never barks either. He's barked once and only once when someone was at the backdoor trying to open it! Always trust your doggos.
GSDs are simply the best dogs... paws down!

I prefer females and I'm on my second at the moment. I have a doggie door that is open 24/7 but she prefers to stay outside to protect us all at night. Sometimes she sneaks in after 2 am for a nap. The rest of the time she is out there barking at everything she hears and smells. It is actually very comforting and all the noise doesn't bother me a bit. 

Anyone on the fence about a GSD, you won't be disappointed but be prepared for the high amount of energy and the need to exercise them 2 to 3 hours a day or give them something to do. Also they will make you laugh 20 to 30 times a day - guaranteed!
Definitely would go buy a gun for home defense, especially if you're a female that lives alone. Dogs can only do so much and cops clearly aren't very quick to respond in your area. Can't hurt to but a little 6 round revolver and keep it your side table
Beautiful doggo. We have a Shephard as well, we live in an ever increasingly dangerous town. I feel better leaving her in the house while I work and the family is home. She's an awesome dog!
The goodest boi.
Best doggo! I'm glad you're safe. 😊
A true hero 😍
Such a good doggo! Someone may have mentioned this, I haven't read all of the comments,  but if your neighborhood is getting rougher make sure you train your dogs to not take food from anyone but you. Sometimes people will poison dogs in order to break into your house or just for their own evil purposes.
He protect
THE GOODEST BOY IN TOWN.
