At least you know that in the event of a real spider this homie has got your back!
Like she is actually counting the legs to be sure it's a spider
I woke my cat up to try this and it took three spider drawings before he patted one then curled up back to sleep.

Edit: holy upvotes Batman
His lil swipes and follow through were so cute, then bam, pounce time!
Literally waiting excitedly for you to prepare the game! So cute.
Little known fact: cats can’t read upside down
S/he watched you draw it, and still attacked it!
So does that make the drawing photorealistic?
Priceless! Thank you
that little hop is so cute
Oh my gosh how adorable!!!!!
This cat has no spider sense.
“Gotcha! Wait.... Gotcha!! Huh?.... Gotch-what the hell?!”
such a dumb butt i love him 🥰
Back in highschool, 1990-1ish, I had this poster on the wall over my bed, one day my cat was laying on my chest, looked up at the poster, stood up against the wall and started swatting at the splat/bullet holes, drove her crazy. https://images.eil.com/large_image/METALLICA_ONE-49291.jpg
You should at least have a spider once in a while,  to test his skills.  Make him feel good
I can't help it...
*IT'S*
I Savage you!!!
Ohhh this is so damn cuuuute!’
That slow sweep was so satisfying...

Pounce! What.THE. FUCK!!!

I HAS ENUF OF YUUU.. what I don’t.. just how and... huh?
I love this
🕷
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
Get him to play the ant game!
Remember, always double tap
That's im-paw-sible!!
You can visibly see the frustration build up
I feel Ike this is going to be the next pet trend. I expect to See my feed full of cats attacking spider drawings in 3....2....1....
The biggest revelation here for me is that cats can turn their wrists
Why can’t I get it? WHY CANT I GET IT!
This is soooooo good
I'm a spider kindness advocate but this guy checking his little paws to see if he caught it is very cute.
Awe Sweet Kitty 😽
5 bucks says they threw up 10 minutes later.
Is this John the cat or other cat?
Ce n'est pas une araignée
I love your handwriting
QA engineer in training
*Instincts kick in*
The cat is like ”Cmon, hurry up, draw it faster!”
What will happen if more spiders are drawn on the paper?
This is you first lesson, learn to hate the spider.
Adorable
Here’s the human equivalent 


https://images5.alphacoders.com/412/thumb-350-412076.jpg
Haa! Still laughing :)
I am happy for you to post one of these every day! It will never get old!
I couldn't concentrate on the cat because of the missing apostrophe. I need help.
I just tried this, my cat looked at me like I had 2 heads.
Oof. I can hear the cat's paws n claws scrape the paper and it gives me heavy jeebies!
We've been tricked
This is hilarious 👍
You know that feeling when you say cats are cute is the same when you say cats are dumb. Aww.
Trompe l'oeil
You’re such a cute kitty Kat!
So how well can cats see, actually?
I saw a similar post and wanted to show my mum. I drew a tiny one on an A3 sheet of paper and placed it on the floor while she was temporarily outside. I went to the the cat, but it of course didn't want to go so it took a  while and as I was going down the stairs I heard the equivalent of "Oh fuck!", Except in my language. Yea, I wanted to show her cats are stupid.
nice
From the cat's perspective, you must look like a Sith Lord, creating life itself.
He looks legit startled when he looks at his paw and the spiders not in it.
You are the best kind of person
nice act
u/vredditdownloader
He's like "how did you summon this beast, hooman?"
Your cats fur has the similar pattern to a tiger.
u/vredditdownloader
r/catculations
Yo that's some SOLID handwriting
He's not the smartest one
I want to pet it so badly I cant help it
Be grateful for that sentry. Mine would let me be the incubator of a spider army and only be grateful for the fresh protien.
Are they a Bengal cat? I love bengals
This cat spiders
Fc clown 🤡

Beautiful
Cat brains are adorably broken.
Please give rewards for a job well done!
Wow
Great??
Spider Cat. Spider cat. With a this at out hand
[removed]
I love cats
That’s insane that his biological response to pounce was triggered by the shape of a bug .. me-wow
I love how he looks at his paw... Like what the hell?  What is this?  Why can't I grab it? 😂
I was expecting a real one to appear.
Aww I love cats so much, this one is just so cute trying to catch it's little fake spider.
This is actually adorable
Once my wife screamed to me that there was a huge spider that came out from a firewood I brought, but when after two seconds she turn back to him to show me where it is, he was gone which made her went crazy :D
This cat is a shame to us all cat people.
He pasted the test.
"I swipe?? So gently I swipe?? NO I KEEEELLLLL!!!! But also I swipe"
Meow
Nice work
This is so damm cuteee😍
I wanna try this with my cat now
The trickster
Cats are funny like this. My cat does the same.
Yeaah, it's spider time
Unfair to spiders.
u/vredditdownloader
"You're late... I'm not paying for those."
Cute. ❤️
Me when a guy says he loves me
This is pretty
/r/catpranks
ROFL!
Elderly spuder😅
do you think your buddy will fight or flight facing a real one?
Spiderpen, spiderpen, does whatever a spider pen!
I like these a lot more than the cucumber thing.
"hooman is remarkable..creates wibbly wobblies out of thin air"
Spiders and the reactions to spiders seem deeply embedded into our and animal DNA. Must be an alien god kind of thing.
This spider it’s me this cat is my luck
 .
Like
So this is peak cat, after 15 million years of evolution. Incredible.
Aaa
What a beautiful hand writing
My dog obviously does that too.
your cat's an idiot
Do they know it's not real and are just playing or is something primal being triggered here? Love it anyway.
Draws dot with 7 legs   

 *I sleep*


Draws dot with 8 legs    

*REAL SHIT？*
Cat spider cat spider does whatever cat can
At any rate you realize that in case of a genuine creepy crawly this homier has your back!
Pow right in the kisser
She will never know
Why does mine does not do this with a real spider??
And that’s how spiders are made
This is wholesome ❤️
u/redditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
I thought this was gonna be a vid about a cute spider.
Aaaaawww adorablee❤❤❤
they’re pretty smart ... but there’s a limit
u/vredditdownloader
Hahaha. I love how it's looking at its paw, all confused it didn't catch the spider x"D
This is too cute
.
Strangely in all my internet travels I've never come across this scenario before. Comedy gold.
Cats are tools.
Cute
I hope it doesn’t make me a bad person that I think it’s funny that it’s so easy to break cats
You know what I wasn't having the best of days until I saw this.
The cutest thing I've seen all day!
That cat has the right idea
Debil
/r/catsarefuckingstupid
Love the penmanship.
He vibin
Spiderman vs Catwoman.
Get it Kitty
Best thing I have seen on reddit-!!
Cute :3
It’s*
/u/vredditshare
Awwwwewwwwwwwww
😂👍🏻
Do Cats think we can create animals and life?
Its spider time, its spider time. Gather all your cats its spider time, its spider time, its spider time. The only cure for sadness
Katze: "Ich glaub ich spinne!"
I do NOT want to hear what that sounds like.
Yep it is Spider time all the time
Cute
Bamboozled
Now draw a cucumber.
I love the little scoops.
Cute.
My kitty always alerts me when there's a real bug/insect
Haha awesome
r/spiderbros want to have a talk with your cat
Is it Spider Time? I think it's Spider Time!
Kats r dum
"okay, get off the page buddy. I said get off the- get tf off the page I said!"
He smack
It was good when there was a more or less identical video on top last week too
Omg! I love this 💖💖💖
r/blackmagicfuckery
Oh wow I saw a spider just like that.
Stupid cat
u/dextek
Squeeeeeeeeee!!!!!
*in grunt voice* WHAT IS THIS SORCERY HUMAN?
ta grand mere la pute
Had  wood spider, according to her pediatrician, inject so much venom into my allergic daughter's leg that it was puffed up and had blistered as though she'd been scalded.

Doctor said there was nothing he could do, admired her 'expensive' sneakers which were bought for $5 at a consignment shop, then charged us $150 for an approximately 10 minute visit.

We had to keep our house spider free, just in case. We lived next to a large patch of woods so it was catch and release.
Gotta try this with my cat
r/catsarefuckingstupid
*eats paper*
 
 
 
 
 No! That's not how you're supposed to play the game!
So technically it isn’t spider time because no spider?
The cast would be like " Yo your humans are cool and All but my human can summon fricking ghost spiders"
u/vredditdownloader
Darn spider!
I love when cats try to scoop shit with their paws and take a closer look.
That's really touching. I mean the spider, not the video.
This is the second time in a day I've seen a cat get bamboozled by fake spiders.

&#x200B;

I gotta try this with my cat.
u/vredditdownloader
I like how he checks his paw to make sure
There is no missing apostrophe. "It" is referring to the cat. It is "the cats spider time".
What a good kitty! Spiders shouldn't be there, even if they're imaginary ones drawn in pen.
That cat is Garfield.
L
HOW DARE YOU ATTACK MY HUMAN!

HAVE AT THEE!
This is great! T,ILI!
Hmmm.....

\* *draws spider on sleeping friend's ankle* *
Good cat has earned his place as a spider killer
u/vredditdownloader
Nobody saw the struggle of using the spiral pad.
*Here's a little lesson in trickery~*
*This is going down in history~*
Same thing happened to my grandma when I tried to reach her how to use a MacBook. She thought the black mouse cursor was a spider.
I haven't seen a spider since I got my cats a year ago.  They're merciless killers.
Adorable!!😍 🐈
Little hunter.
You have such good handwriting and a beautiful boi, I'm jealous
Loooooovely
Source?
You spelled pizza wrong
Why do cats do this?
Omfg the way her paws moveeeee its fcking cuteeee
This is amazing
HE'S INVINCIBLE UNKILLABLE UNMATCHED
That’s freakin adorable
I have to try this
Wholesome.
Aww
I want that cat.
/u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
To this day he's still picking at the page.
u/vredditdownloader
How cute!!!
When you discover your human has the super power of conjuring life into existence from a pencil
Good kitty!
What time is it?! Spider time!
This legit made me laugh out loud. I don't mean "internet lol". I mean "I woke up the entire neighborhood laughing".
I tried this with my cat and she looked at me like “really?”
God I fucking love cats
New virtual reality station for cats@\_@
Cool
That is brilliant!!!! He keeps checking his paws too!!! Too funny!!
u/vredditdownloader
Kurban olduğum
He is so cute
What breed of cat is this?
Cat knows the rules to this game.
I'm going to try this later lol
So cute 🤗
We had a Black Widow that decided to take up residence on our black trash barrel. (for those of you who don’t have designated barrels, BLACK is for regular trash as opposed to recycling & yard debris).                                                         She had egg sacks from time to time, and in the evenings would climb down on her web and hunt.                                                Madam-as we fondly named her-was pretty amazing. Every trash day she managed to hang on under the top lip of the barrel when the truck hoisted & dumped the barrel . I kid you not, I worried about her throughout the day and as soon as work was over I came straight home to find her still there.             A couple of weeks I even took all our trash bags out if it wasn’t too full and put them in our neighbor’s barrel just to give her a break.                                            This went on for about six months or so until my amazing daughter the Bug Whisperer-with heart pounding-managed to catch her in a jar. She and her boyfriend had previously scoped out an area in the woods and placed her in a log .                                                                They watched her kind of take in her surroundings, then she walked away to make a new home.                                               I still think of Madam from time to time and wish her well (also thank her for never biting us!).                                                THE END
....cats aren't very bright are they?

Good thing they are cute!
u/Fionn112
This doesn't have nearly enough upvotes
Oh no hooman you accidentally spammed a spooder.

It okay though I'll turn it into fooder
This is adorable. 

But I cant stop staring at the two differently written E's
What makes me sad is that the cat actually believes thats a spider.
I think thats because it was never allowed outside.
I had plenty of cats and none of them reacted to anything short of a real animal. They would just look at me like: “Wtf bro, dont think Ill fall for that!”
[deleted]
It checks its paw to see if it got it!
[removed]
