Oh shit, it's discovered that humans have furniture. My parents' beagle did that and now this is how she spends 90% of her days.
Poor guy just needed a place to nap.
I really like foxes
So fluffing cute
Shhh he sleep
Friendly PSA: Foxes are one of the major carriers of mange. If you have pets and see foxes in your yard, be sure to keep an eye on your pet's skin. If you suspect your local foxes of having mange, there are ways to treat them in the wild. Contact your local wildlife conservation organization for help.
This is so cute. I bet it would play with dog toys that were left out too!
I love foxes, they’re like dogs but act like cats. Hahah they’re so funny, look at his lil legs! Aaaaah he’s so relaxed I love him. Name him and hope he comes back to chill another time
Where does the fox lay?
Looks like Firefox crashed at your place
Smart as a fox
It is the time of year to have thier pups. So a lot of foxes will come into neighborhoods rather than chance it with the Coyotes. Humans are the lesser of two evils I guess.
I used to party at a house in the forest just out of town. And it had a fox family that we used to throw whatever we were eating down to. There was a deck like 15 feet off the ground that we used to chill on and smoke. So we could just toss some tri tip down there or whatever we were eating and the foxes would come out of the forest and eat in front of us. We had a fox living in our neighborhood for years but it was skittish so I only saw it rarely, usually early in the morning. Having birds squirrels and raccoons around is something that you really take for granted when you have it goin on in your backyard. Where I live now I don't see nearly as many animals and kinda miss having all that nature around every day.
Foxes are cute but they’re still wild animals. Be very careful if you have cats or other small animals that go outside, and whatever you do DO NOTT feed it.
This looks comfortable, i'll stay here!
awwww🥺🥰
Reminds me of Juniper and Fig!
They cheeky buggers, ain't they. The thought of rabies puts me off though...
Izza sleepyfox.  Don't wake up the sleepyfox!
foxes are great at a distance, but fuck me the smell and the noise, I dont know how people want them as pets.
Eave him alone, let him have his daily nap.
That fox looks so relaxed lol
I’d love to step into the mind of a wild animal when they first discover something like a sofa or a cushion. To them a safe and comfortable space is anywhere with a form of shelter, so when they lay on a sofa they must be like “holy fucking shit, this is comfort beyond measure, how do these humans do it? I can’t go back, I won’t!”
Senko
don’t disturb him
Wow what peaceful bliss.
Wee one looks like they've had a hard day
That little smile :,)


IM MELTING
Lil dude straight up vibin'
*Plot twist:* OP is a taxidermist and is showing off their last piece of work.
He has had a long day
That's so cute. ❤
Ah look, another animal I want to cuddle but shouldn’t
That’s not a fox that’s a good boi
Is he/she your pet now OORRRR??
I'm now convinced that foxes have realized that dogs lead a good life among humans and they figure they are ready to join their cousins in the pet pool.
Zero fox given.
He do be vibin doe
Gimme
Full on relaxation posture. Not even curled in a ball. This fox has been here before and knows its safe.
“Found this house chilling in my backyard lol” -The Fox
Why are you in the fox’s house tho? That’s the real question here
"Firefox has crashed"
Tbh he kinda vibin
Bad things happen when wild animals become comfortable in human locations.
Netfox and chill
Omg I want to cuddle him
What state is this in?
ADOPT IT IMMEDIATELY PLZ
Tirefox.
We were wolves once, wild and wary, stealth and cunning, then we noticed you had couches.
Cute! I would not mind a fox chilling on my couch.
That's a good lil weirdo cat-dog. Seems pretty content with life right there.
Someone got blackout last night.... we've all been there before.
Put some food out there and you have an outdoor pet.  Unless, of course, it's not a good idea in which case, don't do that.
Thats probably the best sleep that fox has ever had, OP let him sleep there :)
everyone liked that
Goldifox
Looks comfy af
Taking a break from jumping over that lazy dog.
That was very cash money of you to put a couch out for him 😊
it looks like u have fences is it actually real hiw did the fox got there
I feel like you should bring him a glass of iced tea.
So do ya leave him cat or dog food?
0 fox given...
So...what did the fox say?
Did you speak to it? What did it say?
[deleted]
I bet he slept so good
You have a nice back porch and patio furniture
Let him rest, he’s had a long day.
[link](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/fgf3p4/found_this_fox_chilling_in_the_backyard_lol/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app)
Only fox news I'm interested in.
Me : It's a wild animal, leave it alone. Let it do its own thing.
Also me : Wants to slide a plate full of food and wants to pet it.
That’s not a fox...that’s a good f*ckin’ boi
I love how he's just straight up vibing, living his best life
huHHHHHHHH

*Guys!  It’s a forest puppy!*
That fox is that lazy roommate that is always in college.
For a second I though you were outside and the fox was inside
probably the best sleep it ever had.
Foxes are basically 50% cat and 50% dog and nobody’s gonna convince me otherwise.
He slep
If this were my porch, this would be one of the best days of my life!
Looks like he spilled the ashtray.
Check that smile
The LOL in the title.... 😂 killed me
You didn’t curl up with him?
Hopefully you left lil bro alone. Probably hasn’t slept on something that soft his whole life
Look at that smile. Must be dreamin of all the foxy ladies he plans on couch casting 😂
Seems like he had a good nap
Looks like a catnap 😂
He’s just vibing man
Aw, fluffly guest
Nice of you to have a bed for him
what does the fox say? 
zZzzzZzZzZzZ
Oh wow!  I take it that is a wild fox.  Cool :)
Aww, just living it's best life snoozing the outdoor couch <3
Aww cute
"Please hooman, give this old boy a place to rest his tired floofy bones."
/r/allanimalsaredogs
Simon Says:  This looks a lot like a house in my neighborhood.
So. Cute.
He do be vibin tho
He's just vibing
He's just vibin
UwU 🦊
“Awwww cute” - my mom
Soon it'll be asking for drinks
What an angel.
Bring him lemonade and a cigarette!
If you leave it be it might come back
sleepy nice
That’s awesome! How are they with humans?
He do be vibing though
Much better then sleeping in the dirt without a pillow.
“Fantastic” said Mr. Fox
Put some meat out for him tomorrow
Pet him c:
He had a long night. Let him rest
Don't let my Jack Russell terrier see it. They'll both be gone.
So cute! He looks like my Shiba. Can I ask what state you’re in?
Awww that's so cute! I hope you didn't woke him up
Lol
That would be so neat to glance out the window to see this beauty!!
Sleepy Boi
I would give it treats, and slowly befriend it, to eventually have me a pet fox, I love foxes ❤️ :3
That's his now!
Afternoons are for napping. I don’t care what species you are.
That's his now.
Comfy!
Dont wake him up, give him what he wants, a beer maybe.
V I B E C H E C K
I’ll take nap right here, nap nowwww.
All puppers need a comfy couch!
This is your back garden?! You clearly don’t live in London.
A perfect place for a nap!
A perfect place for a nap!
Pup is gonna pup
Hey buddy, you can definitely crash here.
Take.
I think it’s smiling, that’s amazing
Congrats on your new weird-dog.
L.O.L.
Aww fuck call animal control
Nick wild after Judy hopps doesn’t slow down
Did it say something? If yes, what did the fox say?
Why your backyard bed is better than my bedroom bed?
Looks so darned content. That's my aim, to make my yard a place where any wild animal can feel content...
It's The Todd, you know, the canniest Todd on moss an mor
Outdoor furniture = cushy for outdoor animals.
Lol
This is the cutest thing I'll see all day
EEEEEEEEE
lol
so cute
Nesting - baby foxes to follow
Go make friends lol
Beautiful
Awesome 😎
Must be tired .
Just vibin tho
He do be having a good nap tho
Bas je sladak
This is absolutely awesome.
I love these guys so much.
Where do you live? I see all these fox pics, and I want to live somewhere where a fox hangs out in my yard.
Is nobody going to say anything about that anteater peaking out?
Lazy like a fox.
lets just hope he doesn't have a piss
Nothing worse than Fox Piss!
Was this someone's pet at one time?
Sleep king
"The chicken was lovely. Naptime!"
Nawwww
Did it say anything? So many people would like to know
Let him sleep!!! 🦊
He is sleepy, don’t wake.
Why doesn't this ever happen to me? Foxes are my favorite animal.
Just needs some lo-fi hip-hop beats for foxes to chill to
He’s a good boy
Oh my God you are so lucky I've always wanted to see a fox in person!!!
My mind: HEY! You have things to do!


Me:
What a lad
Bet you could tame it out really easy
That smile!
He’s the captain now.
Mission passed
Aw.... I love this! ❤️
NAME HIM!
I was rewatching the fox and the hound my favorite movie when I was a smoll chubby boi. Now I'm a big chubby boi and this is a coincidence.
Sleepy animals are cute but sleepy animals sleeping like sleepy humans is the cutest
His little foxy smile is the best, hope the little guys having the best dream.
He’s so tired of giving Carfax’s
Or a trans-dog?
That's adorable <3
You see that smile? That is one happy fox!
Fuck yeah, Fox. Chill.
Omg, my heart. You should leave things out for the baby like a bowl of water and a toy/blanket they'll.paly with it and appreciate the rest. 😍💗
LOL
Looks very comfy!
I like tacos.
 Aww😍
Give it a diamond
cool
Let him sleep. He's a good boi
I want it.
Pet it
My shepherd has claimed the queen guest bed. He sleeps in it every night all by himself. He's a big boy!
Stickied.

I watched it in a production environment
From now on, this fox is my spirit animal.
[deleted]
This fox knows what's up!
 Around where I live that there was a fox hanging around the neighborhood and people liked it at first and then it attacked a small dog and people started going nuts for the town to get rid of it.
Go pet. Now. Please.
Such a beautiful animal!!! Lucky you get to see wonders
What'd it say?
Such a happy foxie, he looks like he's smiling almost
What did it say?
Holy shit that's adorable. I dont think Fox's are native where I live because somehow I havent seen one despite living on a ruralish property, but God I would love to. That being said I like my chickens alive so it might not be the best outcome.
[Speaking of foxes...](https://youtu.be/7s_LKdxTDiI?t=54)
lol
This is the life
Hahaha that's amazing!
Are you sure you aren't his owner lol
Take him
How cute
Smart
FOXLIE
Damn. Big house, nice!
Can my bruda get some sleep?
He just wants a snuggle buddy!
He's just vibin'
I like the way u talk
Giving zero fox.
He found a great bed
Just chillin like a villain
I guess you are adopting a fox then
Omg what a sweetheart!
If he fits he sits. 😊
What did it say?
I can’t stop looking at this it’s so cute!
That’s so cute
Little sleepy baby ❤️
FOXES ARE MY FAVORITE ANIMAL
Let Him In
It looks so comfy.
You mean his backyard now
I bet he’s having the best nap of his life!
is it normal that i want to pet it
Clearly doesn't give a fox!
Foxes can carry rabies so be careful.
So cute!!
What the crap Swiper were trying to flim and your sleeping
I really love foxes
Now you have a new pet accept it and move on lol
He big chillin out there.
WHAT DOES THE FOX SAY!?
He tuck a chill pill
I love bread
Based af
Comfy fox.
But.. What does the fox say?
Don’t blame him 😂
Poor lil thing was tired awwww
Like my father always says, “dumb like a fox.” He’s obviously great at choosing comfy spots!
r/foxes
That's fantastic!
wow
Good place to take a snooze
Well... guess I'd have a pet fox.... I'd give him food and get bit trying to pet him...
Let sleeping Foxes lie
He shnooz
Keep. It chose you.
Living the dream!
Can I kept it ma?
Soo cute!
When I see things like this I just wonder why not me? Why can't I have a fox come lay on my outdoor furniture or visit? I am completely obsessed with foxes. I love them.
AFK
He do be vibin doe
Awww
What a freeloader.
They vibin doe
Foxy looks so comfy and look at that smile!
No items, fox only, couch destination
😸😸😸😸
He’s just vibing out there
Vibin’
Foxy Lady
Well least we know what really happened to Fire Fox
I think I know that house.
It looks to me like you broke into the fox's house. Also, did he smash something on the floor?
Am doggo.
Can’t blame him
Awww let him sleep
If this is recent, this is the time when foxes are looking for dens for their kits. Could be a vixen looking for a nice spot for babies.
Nice
Will you keep it?
Homie really just laxin' on thr couch
Sweet ❤️
Awww
And then he tore the hell out of the cover?
We all need mental health days
Smithers,  release the hounds....
Foxy Cleopatra
That fox is a mood
So beautiful! 😍
I always think “wow they’re so lucky! why doesn’t this stuff happen to me?” Then I remember I live in an apartment with no yard or outdoor furniture.
You ought to frame that one.
Aww. No bugs crawling on her up there. 🧸
Reminds me of the time I heard a bunch of newspapers were stolen in a small town, and a vixen was to blame.
Good baby!
Firefox is not responding (thank you kind stranger)
That's his bed now.
Omg, this is too fluffin' adorable fur words~ 😻
You lucky person!!!!!!
Just let him sleep... 😊
But what did he say
Awww. I hope he has a nice nap.
Wow! You lucky duck! That is just way cool!
You, Sir.  Are late with his cocktail.  Please be prompt!!!
I like to move it move it
What did he say?
doesnt like the dirt
Awesome!! What a cutie!
Your outdoor furniture is considerably nicer than my indoor furniture.
So cute! You can tell they feel so safe too by the way the are sleeping! Probably one of the best sleeps he’s had!❤️
He be vibin
What did he say?
Forest doggo appreciates a good napping place
I’ve seen this before...does the acronym GaG mean anything to you?
He vibin
Ever heard of an ashtray?
Awww
Adopt it!
How's that quote go?

We were wolves once, wild and free. And then we discovered you had couches.
Let him vibe he earned it
Living his best life
So, what does the fox say?
Jesus, tell me how people have foxes visit their house. I want this to happen to me
Goals
He does look happy.
I want to touch those little beans ☺️
That's so cute, I wanna join it :) and keep it as a pet..:)
Cool
Free food delivery
He do be vibin tho
This shit hit different
Anybody else think that’s an awfully BIG fox?
I bet you fed it. Dam it, fox is going to be like a cat now.
Omg omg omg omg 👏👏👏👏👏
Bakcyard?! Thats the goddamn house lmao!!
He really do be vibin’ though
So cute, but a part of me is hoping it isn't dead and staged, I've been fooled before.
What did he say?
What did the Fox say? Nothing, he was too tired!
[deleted]
what does the fox say?
Foxes are wild good boys. They are part of the canine family so foxes and dogs arnt too far off
Plz wake up him and may offered some beverage's and snacks.
2🤣🤣🤣
From just the limited elements of your home I can see in this picture, congrats on all the money.
I need a perfect fox pelt to finish RDR2.
Yes.... But what does he saaaayyyy? 🤔
(Sorry, couldn't help it.... Adorable pic, though) 😊
What did he say?
[removed]
Scare it away
I was just smacked around by a fox player in super smash bros ultimate, go to take a leak and open reddit, and first thing i see in my tab is this... it haunts me aparently
What did it say?
What did he say?

Good lord did I piss some of you off?
Invite that cute boi to your household
feed this lad
Feed him. He's your new pet after all
