He looks wise beyond his years
Imagine being scared of dogs and coming to the dentist
I feel like I’d go to the dentist more if my dentist office had a dog..
The receptionist would walk out and call my name and find me napping with this dog on the floor
I want a dentist dog. Our dentist office isn't very good anymore.
My old dentist had a giant fluffy golden retriever that was very calm. Thing was as big as me at the time but I’ll never forget petting him. I’m trying to become a dentist and I will most definitely have a good boi with me at work.
He puts his hand like " I gotchu bro...dont worry" and it's the cutest shit everrrr!!!!!
What breed of dog is that?
But if you’re afraid of dogs too...
What if youre anxious about your dog allergies?
“Do not worry human, my owner is the best human and does no harm.”
I wouldn’t be able to see that dentist. I am allergic to dog fur, dander and pelt. Lol my teeth would look great as I was being stabbed with an epi pen. Hopefully this info is given BEFORE people decide to visit this dentist. Would be a hell of an experience for the staff. Hahahaha
What dentists office is this? Asking for a friend
My wife is quiet opposite, she would have two worries now.
I love dogs and would be so thrilled to see this! But I always wonder about these situations. My mom is severely asthmatic and is really allergic to almost all animals. What about those people? Serious question.
Is this in the US?  I am a hygienist and I thought I remember reading in a newsletter that a dentist got disciplinary action for having their dog at the office.......
I feel like I’d be more anxious with the dog around tbh.
Does he bring his dog to help patients or because he loves his dog?
I believe he was hoping for a manicure in addition to the loving..shame lol
That seems less than sanitary.
First off I want to say I like dogs. My mom has a true fear of dogs and my wife has dog allergies so sometimes I feel like that is overlooked when people bring dogs to health care places.
[deleted]
What about people who are terrified of dogs?
Omg I love him. I get so much anxious being at the dentist - I would love a dentist like this.
r/dogswithjobs
r/DogsWithJobs
In Australia we just got our first dental therapy dog in the last two or three years.

There are strict guidelines for this such as the dog’s training, being hypoallergenic (it was a poodle cross) and having areas of the surgery where it cannot enter and knows not to enter (eg. Sterilisation room and lunch room)

I want a dog for my work now and imagine how tax deductible it would be!
Jokes on you, I'm terrified of the dentist and have a severe allergy to dogs
It’s all great till he brings someone who is allergic to dogs..........
Is your dentists name, Michael D?
This is definitely a goal for my future office. I wonder what the precautions are for allergic patients tho
That's not sanitary.
There would be that one patient scared af 😂... not of fan of those !
I wish we had a dentist like this, where I live. I'm so extremely anxious, that I have to spend weeks just mentally preparing myself, to make a simple phone call to the dentist.
Too bad not everyone wants to touch a fucking dog
but what if you're scared of dogs
Ah man he's so cute but he looks JUST like my childhood dog and now I'm sad :(
I would never go to such a dentist. I'm freaking scared of them dogs
Not trying to be thaaat guy but... a Dentist should be one of those spotless, perfectly sterilized/clean places. A dog isn’t exactly super clean, especially if it sheds. I love my dog, I’m just saying
that's fucking gross
I wish I had that yesterday... I got braces today and it's very uncomfortable
"Here, take it, human."
Imagine the dog taking a giant wet shit in the waiting room while youre reading a wildlife magazine from 10 years ago.
My dentist had this huge parrot. He would say stuff the while time you were getting worked on. We all liked that.
He looks polite.
Yeah right! We all know he brings his dog to work with him because of love. He doesn’t want to leave his fluffy pooch.
[*every day](http://i.imgur.com/tmKiuhp.jpg)
[deleted]
He knows. He just knows.
[deleted]
i love his eyebrows
Maybe the dentist is the anxious guy and pup is really for him.
I feel like I need a snuggle sesh from this pup.
Not saying good for those with dog allergies though.
Any chance this office is near St. Paul, MN? 

Asking for myself...
That pupper looks so soft
Fyi. If this is real,  you should delete this.  We fired and sued 3 drs this year for doing this. Its unsanitary. Not safe for allergens, and if the dog bites its bad. Getting caught doing this could be an immediate suspension and massive fine/ hardcore blacklist.
Amazing, I love it. I want everything to do with it.
Awww
Is his name Buck?
"By policy, I am to offer you my paw. Here."

  
"Okay, that's enough."
I don't know who enjoys this more, the dog or the patients.
“Okay if you must” continue to gib paw
This is a Tibetan mastiff! I had one and they are incredible dogs.
doggo :*pets human
What cute motherfluffer
I want to go to this dentist just when I’m having a bad day.
r/dogswithjobs
Doggo: Anxious? Here take this
Sorting by controversial never disappoints me.
This guy!!! 💕💕💕💕
I just imagine every time this dog puts its paw on a patient he’s saying “Don’t worry, my dad is good at teef stuff”
So how does this work? Is the dog in the waiting room? Surely it doesn’t come through to the surgery with you? Just curious about hygiene. Or is the dog registered as a therapy dog or something? 

I’m a dentist, and ah have a great dog... I’m just wondering...?
The dogs looks at me like he knows i don't floss.
Hey is like a king, you may pet the paw human.
What if you're allergic to dogs
What if you're scared of dogs too?
What about his allergic patients?
How about allergic patients?
Thats cute. 
Though I don’t throng every patient would appreciate this
The only thing that scares me and keeps me from going to the dentist is the bill
What if the person was scared of dogs?
So as I kid I got fired from a bunch of dentists because I used to bite them. Then my mom found this dentist with Labradors in his office, which was the same kind of dog I had. I stayed with him until he retired.


The people that took over his practice say having dogs in the office is unsanitary.
My doctor does this too and it absolutely works! He looks so cute and fluffy too!!
As much as I love this idea this would horrendous due to allergies
I love how it looks so tired with his shit
I love the idea, but wouldn't it be a hygiene risk?
Imagine being scared of both dentists and dogs, not a good day.
can the dog stay as my teeth are worked on?? the drills sound, vibration, pressure, and tooth smell is just too much sometimes.
I'd start sneezing right after the drilling starts.
I mean.. isn’t that what nitrous oxide is for? 😁
What if your two fears are dentists and dogs?
What if dogs make you anxious?
Great! Now I'm anxious about getting hair in my mouth.
I don’t get anxious at the dentist but I would definitely make this man my dentist just to have his dog comfort me!
Pets really do work for anxiety. Takes the focus off things that can be stressful
I need to learn how to fake anxiety.
When you have a dog allergy and walk in then they get more anxious
Very selfish to bring animals in to a medical establishment
That's cute the only thing is people are allergic to dogs. I can't imagine getting your teeth cleaned and not being able to breathe because of the dog fur
I'd have to tell him to get it the hell out. Hate dogs and have anxiety bad enough I get the "good" meds
Unfortunately, this would mean folks like me couldn't go because of allergies.
🥰😍
Where is this dentist cuz I am now his patient
That dog has the kindest eyes.
Strange dogs make me anxious. Anxious people make dogs nervous and defensive. Also very allergic to pets.

I know i'm not everyone but me being able to not have to sit in a waiting room with other people would be much, much better.
What if I'm also afraid of dogs, now it's twice as bad. Thanks, Doc!
Dogs make me anxious. More anxious than going to the dentist. Bad hygiene in medical practices makes me very anxious.
Ohh I love him!!
This pupper would certainly get me to visit the dentist more often. I'd be popping in twice a week for the snuggles!
I need this in my dentist's office.  I'm 37 years old and cry as soon as I sit in the chair.     I dont know why, but I am always so scared at any medical office.  I got my blood drawn last year for the first time I can remember;and I bawled.  It weirded the lady out.  A dog would have really kept mind off things.
Your dentist brings his dog to work with him because he wants to take his dog to work. While there the dog helps with anxious patients.
He looks so uncaring.

“Calm the fuck down bitch it ain’t even that scary”
I would not want a dog in my dentist office or any medical office where they are touching my insides. That being said, he looks like a good boy.
What if the patient doesn't like dogs?
So much for being a hygienic and sterile place...
Oh god what a shitty idea... I'm terribly allergic to dog but since I don't have any there is no reason for me to take a treatment evryday that is not suitable for driving... I can't imagine being force to open mouth while sneezing and being unable to breath from the nose !

this doggo is super duper cute , but sometimes I feel that dog owners think evryone like being around dogs when really it's not true.
Uh gross.
If I had a dog on my lap during dental surgery this week, I would have been a happier patient.
"Here. Take my paw".
My piano teacher used to let her black lab sit on the piano stool beside me during my entire hour long lesson.
This dentist must be loved by his patients!
I haven't been to the dentist since I was 15 and I'm 57 now. Why.. because I hated the needles and insisted I have a filling without the anaesthetic. What a fool I was.

Now I'm waiting for a new method which entails well... 'here's a pill to relax you and we don't drill' method but I think I'll be dead before that happens. 

Doggo will help but he'll need to accompany me to the chair
i’m extremely anxious at the dentist and i wish we had this. it would 1000% improve my experience and i don’t even consider myself a dog person. i’ll suggest it to my dentist 😆
He needs treats for all that
Who is your dentist, I need to know
Aussie shep/rott mix? Looks exactly like my dog!
He looks just like my uncles dog: a Bernese mountain dog crossed with a German shepherd.
A canine for canines!
The dog is like “ugh here’s my damn paw hurry up” LMFAOOOO
wHAT DENTIST DO yoU GO TO!!
What a fluffy cutie!
SUCH A GOOD LOOKING BOY.
I’d rather pets than a pack of floss any day!
dog was like : okay hooman you can touch me paw
He’s so cute
Everyone asks "where is the dog?" but no one asks, "how is the dog?" 

😪 he dont look happy
(Looks at her ) "your gonna be alright girl...."
'Thank you doctor doggo'
I think the gesture is stronger then the dog itself. Having a dentist actively care about the fear of the patients and understanding it is the important part. 

The presence of the dog makes that clear to the patient. Why would he do that if he doesnt do anything to minimize pain and discomfort?
The goodest boi
[deleted]
Kiss the paw peasant
Can someone tell me what type of dog this is? Please
He’s a good doggo
I would visit that dentist😊
I would want to visit my dentist every single day if it meant I got to pet that good boy.
What a good doggo
Mvp
Looks like a fluffier version of my doberman Rottweiler
Certified good boy!
THOSE EYEBROWS
I reeeeeeeeeeaaalllyy could use this doggo in my life right now
OMG what a sweetheart
I love this dog
The handsomest bravest boy
Look at those big ol dewy eyes!
im in love
r/dogswithjobs
That dog has seen some shit
Last time I was at the dentist, I thought he had a talking dog helping him, but it was just his assistant and the nitrous oxide was turned up too high.
Who’s this lovely lady ... Oh
This might actually keep my girlfriend from passing out every time... Is this in the Mid-Atlantic area??
Awww he’s presh
I get so nervous that I Shake and clenched my fist around my jacket. I’d be nervous I accidentally hurt or scare this good dog.
I mean god damn I love this dog
Those sweet, gentle eyes. What an angel.
my dentist just laughs and impatiently clicks the tools. or theyll be like, raise your hand if its uncomfortable and be like, 'oh look at you getting ready' as you clear a hand from the stuff they draped on it.
I needed this. But my debris was very nice and understanding that I a 35yr old woman needed a stuffed animal with me for a root canal. No shame in my game. I have anxiety i brought that my stuffed dog in there. i told them ahead of time, no gas=me needing a stuffed animal. They were very nice about it. Hey gotta do what you gotta do. Id been avoiding dentist for 4yrs after a terrible experience which is actually why i ended up needing the root canal
Just making sure this isn't in San Diego. If so I'm going!
He looks like he’s saying, If you must, human, you may hold my paw.
It’s crazy how expressive and human-like dogs eyes are.
Human dis all u ned
he’s like *first time hooman?* :v
The dog is like: “Hmph, I’ll allow you some love 🐾❤️”
I need a dogo :)
I love how he's so low-key about it.
Oh. You?  You need paw. Ok. Here.
Paging doctor boy! Doctor who’s a good boy!
I feel less anxious now and I'm not even at the dentist's
mah heart!! Your making me love the dog!
I wanna touch the fluff
This dog looks exactly like my childhood dog, right down to the little doggy eyebrows... I would go to the dentist just to hang out with this dog
"*My master is going to drill and pry at your teeth. Just try to remain calm, hooman. It'll be over before you know it.*"
BIG MAN 🥺
This looks like a dog who really listens
Give me now.
Well..he sure is helping me right now
Reminds me of a Tibetan Mastiff. Once you get pass all the angry pictures of them you’ll find some adorable ones like this guy. Maybe a mix of one. 
(https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tibetan_Mastiff)
What a good Fuzzo
That would instantly be my favourite dentist.
hold me puppy i am scared
You may hold my hand
"Just doing my job ma'am, move along"
He’s like “hold my hand”
Oh wow, he looks so similar to my dog that passed a year ago. She was the most patient sweet dog that ever existed.  RIP Francine :(
"you may pat me now, I heard it comforts you humans"
This is adorable!
Needed this guy last week. Left the dentist, checked in to hospital with massive chest pain. Embarrassment would have been more tolerable with this guy beside me.
“You be aight, you lil bitch”
Yeah my dentist needs to do this. I’m a grown ass man and that fucking cavity drill fucks with me to this day.
I love this dog 😭
Looks so sweet.
Too sweet! What’s his name? He’s such a cutie❤️❤️
I’d definitely keep my visits more regularly is I knew a pup was involved!
I hope the dog gets treats and love and some b*^#%es
Hovawarts are such incredible dogs. I've loved having one as a companion!
What a gorgeous dog. Is that a Newfundlund (sp?)
He's a therapy dog. What a sweety!
Can I go to ur dentist 😫😫
When I was little my dentist would let me bring my kitten with me to keep me calm
I hope that canine never gets removed.
What kind of dog is this ? I love them so much.
/r/DogsWithJobs
I could definitely use that.
what kind of dog is this?
“Ugh here’s my paw I guess....”


“DAAAAD when are we going home?!”
Until a Chinese patient enters the room
Awwwww
Dogs are unreasonably cute
His face looks like he doesn’t want to be there.
Suddenly he realized that the dentist was gone so what was cleaning his mouth and then.......he realized
He looks so much like my dog!!!!
adorable! what breed is this ?
Even just watching this makes me less anxious. 

What a very, very good boye.
This would help me so much with dental anxiety!
What kind of dog is that?
Now this is the one thing that can actually make me go to the dentist without having a full blown anxiety attack
Style points
“Hey, pet me”

Will I feel better?

“...let’s see”
good thing she can't get covid-19
Alright, you aren't anxious enough. No paw for you.
Take all my money!!!
If only my dentist had a dog when I went for appointments as a kid. I'd probably be so much more cooperative.
And I suddenly need to go to the dentist
So cute!
I'm in love, what an adorable pup
That paw looks comforting
awwww
I demand longer video
What's his name?
Bhote kukur 😍
"You may pet."
This dog is very beautiful. What breed is this dog?
I will die for this wise giant doggo
That look had a superpower and made me forget about the panic attack I had in just seconds  😍thank you gorgeous doggo!
Hahahah. He looks SO over it. Like "ugh, fine. Here. Pat."
:)
He's like: "You'll be alright kid, trust me."
I feel calmer already
Can those wiser than me share what breed this guy is?
Hehe Boy:- iam there for you , don't worry human.
An amazing dog for an amazing dentist!
I’m at the dentist right now... WHERE IS MY DOG?!
your dentist would probably be so happy to know that his dog brought joy to upwards of 47k strangers online
Can I borrow the dog? The incessant chatter about the pandemic is getting on my nerves. (My husband wanted to blow $100 on Ubers instead of taking the bus!)
Man I would have loved to go if this was waiting for me.
He's got you, no need to worry.
Go ahead my child, pet me.
u/vredditshare
I suddenly have a tooth ache and need to go to...(I’m sorry, where is it you live?)
Why can’t everywhere have this. And yes, I mean everywhere.
Aweee, the face of goodness! I want to pet it forever ♥️♥️♥️
"It's okay, human. This, too, shall pass."
The dentist has the coolest job in the world because he can bring his dog to work lol
Did the title of this to My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard 😂
You’re married... how could you lead on such a good boy? He loved you.
His facial expression calms me lmao
I hope he pays the dog...WELL.
I live in Hawaii, but would fly to your dentist to get this level of care!
That is a truly wise dog.  "Bows before greatness"
Wow he made me ease up a bit and I am watching this on a phone. Can only imagine the wonders he would do on the patients
Every (space) day
Dog: *puts paw on lap* Everything’s gonna be OK...
People don't seem to like or are afraid of my master, I promise he is really nice once you get to know him.
r/dogswithjobs
Love the paw jerk after the rubbing because it is COVID season btch
Bloody, extracted tooth accidentally falls on the floor.....dog runs over and eats it.
bless
But has he even washed his paws?!?!?!
I was anxious going to the dentist as a child, and my parents told me to, essentially, suck it up.  "No one likes going to the dentist, **but we do it anyway**."
What a wonderful dog
Are you kidding me that's a fantastic idea
If my dentist had this angel i would go every single day and not avoid him
Doggo be like: 

&#x200B;

Don't worry, my hooman will help you <3
Good office dog.
I need this at my dentist's office
Aw
Doggo be like: "you cool? Yeah? Atta boy."
What kind of dog is that?
Aww!
Someone make a canine joke
That dog looks like he is just collecting apay cheque.
Is his name COVID?
u/vredditdownloader
"Hey there Human. Got the paw? Ok.... NEXT!"
Works most of the time. 
Sadly, it’s not very effective with the folks who have cynophobia.
u/vredditdownloader
/u/vredditshare
u/vredditdownloader
I think this is awesome, and that must be a great office. 

Would there be any risk of ill effects to the dog? E.g. stress from hearing intermittent outbursts/kids crying throughout the day? And/or fatigue from all-day interaction w/ (new) people? Just curious, although I’d bet the negative effects to the dog are negligible, and expect things are managed well to minimize them.
I'm not doing to extract the tooth.

Ohh, that's good.

I'm going to tie some string around it and attach it to the dog's collar then throw this squeaky toy.
u/vredditdownloader
"Ughhh..yeah fine, you can hold my hand, but you need to get yo shit together."
Something fucked up while reading this in my head and I thought it said badger


Edit I really need to stop thinking about badgers so much
just in case you scream
That's such an amazing idea!
he knows he doesn't get paid enough.
Yet some people are afraid of dogs!
Except when you're afraid of dogs and you need to bring your own ESA that's a cat.
He b like , “ my owner is a great guy, your gonna be alright. It’ll be b fine dude”
Does your dentist need a handy computer science grad?
It okay, hooman. Having werk done on teefers is scary stuff.
There, there...calm down...give the pettums.
N'awwwwwww, such a good doggo!
This would've turned me into a catatonic mess
I was quickly scrolling thru and spotted this and for a split second, I thought it was someone with an epic head of hair
 Be h
Tibetan Mastiffs are an ancient breed, and it shows in their eyes and intelligence.
Oh my god! Thank you for posting this. This reminded me of my old girl, Sarah, and it's been years since I saw her. Nice to have a "picture" of her again.
 LITERALLY the goodest boi ever 🙌🏻
u/VredditDownloader
u/vredditdownloader
Imagine if an anxious patient who fear dogs goes to this dentist. He'd shit himself 🤣.
People afraid of Dentists or Dogs:
completely fine with it
People afraid of Dentists and Dogs: literally in Hell
This is absolutely disgusting.  Good luck with the lawsuits.
What if a patient is scared of dogs, ha? You insensitive fu-
My dentist does the same thing, I so nervous at dentists but the second that fat ol' golden retriever came around the corner I was to excited to remember my anxiety.
Good doggo.
What kind of dog is that?
I’ve been talking forever about how much sense it would make to have dogs at the dentist to sit on patients during procedures! For real!
Future dentist here fully planning to have a big dog that’ll put his head in your lap and just want some soft scritchies 
Also come to my practice one day? Lol
I would protect him with my life
I’m pleasantly surprised this is allowed
Please help with my "no one is patting me" anxiety.
“Sir do you have an appointment ?”
“No.... I’m just here to hang out with my furrriend”
My dad is very afraid of the dentist do to some childhood trauma, he needs a dentist dog.
I would get so much unnecessary dental work just to hang out with that dog
I need this. I’m terrified of dentists. That sound makes me want to die.
Where is this dentist located? Why keep him a secret?
What if they are scared of dogs?
Good boy
My dentist does that too. She's an old German Shepard named Lucy and she drools all over you if you have a treat. Sweet girl.
What breed is this??
Such a good pupper! I’d love if my dentist had a pupper in office.
Dogs can relieve stress in any situation. It's science.
Poor animal, absorbing the anxiety of a dentist's waiting room can't be good for you.
Awe! What a good boy (or girl)!
He's a good boy!
I need this
where is this dentist and do they accept my dental insurance
Those eyes.. 😍
Your dentist is very wise
He a good boi <3
i want a doggy now :(
Looks like my old Geometry teacher's dog, Fenway.
Lol he’s like “here just take it”
He’s very polite and handsome.
Where is this place if it’s in another country I’ll get a flight everyone appointment
Our dentists here has an office dog too, she's INCREDIBLY good at her job. I hope this catches on in more medical environments, it really does make a difference for people's stress levels.
My dentist has his house attached - his dog has free reign!
Ever notice how dog is god backwards?
My dentist does this too! Although he’s a little tiny dog
Doggo: You're going to be ok,just relax. 

So cute lol ❤️
I’m sure it’s also good for the dog to get to socialize instead of being stuck at home for long hours, I bet he loves the attention!
You know what that deserves silver!
My dentist has an office dog, too! Its the BEST.
The hair on that dog is so well maintained and healthy
My sister does the same thing at her dental practice with her mini golden doodle, [Sapphire](https://imgur.com/gallery/HYTBSFV)
I feel this urgent need of a dog like this in my life. Like URGHHHHHHHHHH DOOGGGGGGG.
What a sweetie!
“I know dis is bery hard fo u, but u gotta do it. I believe in u.”
He’s so beautiful
I'm a dental student... I want this
Jokes on you, I'm terrified of dogs! (Not really, who's a good boy???)
You know when something is so cute it hurts? Yeah that's this >w<
I'm changing dentists just so I can hang out with that dog.
Upvote if you’d love this dog!
Don't worry bro I got you
I need a deep cleaning sign me up
"Hey ur nervous as fuck, chill"

- Dog, probably
Can I pet him?
Wow. He so calm. He gives such comforting assurance in his gaze.
 "You can trust me. You are safe with me.
Love,
 me, Dog."
Owwh. What a good boooy.
May he be blessed with long years of health and fitness.
Please let there be a special place in Heaven for dogs.
Tell me more about this dog
"Puts paw on knee"
-May you pet me
“Just take it & let us get it over with” dog probably to the 20th patient.
That dog looks so sweet and patient. "Oh, hi. Are you nervous? Here's a paw for comfort. Yes, I will gladly accept all your pats. You're going to be fine, I'm here to comfort you in time of need." Some heroes wear fur!
Everybody win at this arrangement 😍
Enjoy Dogs
I have the wrong dentist.
Yes. Yes we do!! My office dog is named Bodie!
69K upvotes, THE DOG IS THE CHOSEN ONE
All of today's woes gone with one simple dog video.
What a good doggo :)
I need an animal like this when i go to the dentist. Im really nervous about it, even though my dentist is really nice, gentle and careful.
I would travel up to 6 hours each way to visit a dentist who had a support dog on staff.
I also work at a dental office, and I don't think I'd get any work done if there was an office doggo
There there hooman it's okay
Who's a good boy?
I need to have this dog to my dentist!
I had a therapist who had a dog, but she sucked I miss the dog though
How ridiculously handsome is he
He looks so professional at it haha
*turns* "Be calm, my child"
I think he had enough of it

\-Hey you anxious? this is my paw, its fluffy now play with it.
What race of dog is it?
WHAT. A . BEAUTIFUL. DOG !
Right in the feels
r/bettereveryloop
Best boy
What a unit
I need to know what kind/breed of dog this is. You have just set a new pet goal for me
He is the Goodest boi.
You may touch the paw.
My teeth suddenly hurt.
That may be the beautful dog i have ever seen. What kind is that?
He’s beautiful!
He looks like a Rottweiler/German Shepard mix.  Gorgeous!
So cute
Currently sitting in my dentists wishing this was a thing
:D
Do you know what breed he is, or if he’s a mutt? He looks like a much bigger and slightly fluffier version of my dog. I want to give him a head scritch 😍
He does it to help with everyone’s anxiety even his
“Relax just hold my paw or something”
“Sheila its a routine cleaning, relax.”
I want to be tackled by this big old floof here
I gotcha hooman.
Great idea! I always get anxious when I go to the dentist. That would work wonders with me.
I love his dog also
He so cuuuuute
I can tell from his face

That he is a very good boy.

I rate

10/10
Everyone liked that
Looks identical to my female Tibetan mastiff. Just slightly different colors.  My girl was fierce She wouldn't let anyone around my wife or kids ,,but our Huge st bernard loved everyone
That dog is a cutie ♥️♥️♥️ Also, I didn't expect the amount of people that were scared of dogs, it's kinda shocking.
Is that a PhDog?
He just puts his paw on people like "its ok don worry hooman"
I wish all dentist offices had dogs :(
Because that's what heros do
I need to know where this is. I’ll make the drive.
Dog - "it's okay, he hurts me too...."
We get it, not everyone likes dogs. Just enjoy the post
It's like I can hear him say "How are you feeling"?
I wish mine did. I take valium before appointments so I can make it through.
which breed?
Tibetan Mastiff? Beautiful dog in any case
I fucking HATE the dentist with a passion, I wish mine had a good doggo in the office to help.
He's all... "ugh, my human said I had to do this..."
I want to see this Dentist!!  What a great idea!
I would need that dog to lay in my lap during dental procedures. I usually take something before I go to help my nerves.
What a good boy
Lol why'd they pet him so hard
I guess I'm in the minority, but I'm very much against the idea of there being a dog in any facility where medical procedures take place or where food is served.
Took kids-4,2 and all infant to a dentist who does this-but doesn’t inform you ahead to f time. 

1/7 can recommend a new way to increase kid’s irrational fear of dentist
[deleted]
I bring my dog to work at my office but a patient complained that there was a dog there (even though my dog doesn’t go in patient areas or is even in an area where patients would be exposed to the allergens) and now she can’t come to work with me. All because of some entitled patient.
The best boi ever...
And a Leica camera is the only one he'll use...
I wish my dentist did this I know it would really help me
 It's really good for patients, it's great
I would keep my appointments if there were doggos in the office
I’m getting a blood test next week (terrified of them) and I’d be totally ok with it if this guy were there!
My dentist does this too!
I want a job where I can bring my dog. He’s a Husky. So that would be either a shit show or great.
🤧😍
He provides *"the healing touch"*
What sort of heavenly poochy is this?!
oh my god this dog doesnt know the person in the camera. i noticed the dog's face not really caring and i thought it was just how this dog was. you can totally read dog's faces.
