Your cat will be super huge one day.
The compromise really should’ve been adopting two kittens.
That inflatable chair in the background won't be around much longer!
Awww she reminds me of my first cat (profile pic)! What a lil lion. :)
Adorable!!!!  Keep him!!!
"gf/wife want thing, me not want thing, we get thing"
[removed]
GF: : "Honey, can we get a kitten?"
Folsky: "Now's not a good time sweetheart."
GF: "When do you want to have a baby?"
Folsky: "What kind of kitten do you want?"
That’s a beautiful kitten.
Since this post got a lot more attention that I would have ever thought. Here is the whole story. 

I always had a cat in my life and always love cat. My gf always had a dog in her life. A family member asked us if we could kept their kitten for 2 months (beautiful Siamese) and we did. After we gave back the kitten my gf started thinking about adopting a kitten. So she asked me if we could adopt one. I said not now. A few days after during a study break I look for online if anyone was giving kitten. We found this kitten, it was the only one left of the litter. We BOTH found cute this kitten. So we adopt this little girl that we called Agathe.  She's a mix of Maine coon and Persian.  We had this kitten for 4 months now!

The title is humorous but still we really said those words.  For those who were carrying about my relationship, don't worry about it. I'm not posting this on reddit for this. EVERYTHING is fine :)

P.S. : The inflatable chair in the background is still strong haha
What a floofball!
That is one smug looking compromise.
r/supermodelcats
I love her majestic little beard
*cough* you excel in compromising
Always with this stupid title.
Every time I read a title like this I can't help but feel fucking embarrassed. I know it's just a cute little reference to power dynamics within a relationship, but it kills me knowing that this isn't satire for a lot of people. If your compromise involves, you know, no compromise, you're being taken advantage of and are roleplaying a doormat. If that hurts to read, you're probably the intended audience.
What a face.
SMOL FLUFF
Beautiful kitten! Be sure not use your fingers as toys as it leads to cats biting your fingers in future. 

Also, gentle touch the kittens paws while you pet it. The kitten will get used to you touching it’s paws and it will help with nail trimming in future :)
Ah yes, yet another “my girlfriend wanted X and I wanted Y so we compromised and got X” post. These titles should be fucking banned
Task Failed. Successfully!
Nice original title
I said "not now" as well, and now we have two cats who have definitely made me their owner. Please get that beautiful animal and treat it well!
we have a 17 Y.O. maine coon who looks  exactly like this and acts like she's 1. you're gonna have a great time with that little bitty bit.
Worth it
Cute kitty!!!


You fell for the ole “we are just going to look but not adopt a kitten” ploy. Don’t feel bad, we’ve all been victims of the same plot - some more than once!!
Just letting you know 8 years ago went through exact same thing. 3 years later me and said gf broke up, and if you think she took my little kitten ball cat of love ur joking. I've been a dog guy my whole life but when my kitten Remix came into my life I feel for her haaaard! Enjoy your new best friend for life!
Little floof 😍
What a cutie!!!!!
That little bugger KNOWS you're gonna come around. Look at that smirk.
I hate reading headlines like this. Yes, the kitten is cute, but honestly, if your relationship is at a point where you can't say no, that's dangerous and a bad sign. Please don't stay in an abusive relationship, your desires and reasonings are valid.
If it's a joke it's not funny. If it isn't you're in a shit relationship.
Sounds like an unhealthy relationship. She should has respected your request to hold off. An agreement should have been made on the circumstances of when adopting one would be okay.
Sounds pretty toxic but atleast the cat is cute.
I’m telling you, the kitten will love you the most because you were resistant! That’s what happened with our cats.. I wanted them, had to convince my partner and now they all love him so much! I always hope they love us the same but when we’re both there they are on his lap, not mine :D
What's the kitten's name? Adorable fur ball!
I never saw my cat as a kitten but I think she would have looked a lot like this cutie
Is that a plastic inflatable chair in the background? That adorable ball of floof is going to pop that thing into oblivion.
Seriously photogenic kitty with perfect whiskers.
SO DAMN CUTE!!!!!
that is so freaking cutee creature 🥺
That’s a part Maine Coon baby girl!  You will discover as she grows that she is the largest cuddliest most snuggly (and largest) catdog you will ever have.  

Our Maine Coons were both over 20lbs and both measured in over 3ft tip to tail.  They don’t shed too much, but both of ours tended to get their fur matted once in a while.  Teach to enjoy the furminator now!!!

Also be prepared for later when she needs a lion cut for when the fur matting is uncontrollable. Then she will be even cuter!   Best of luck with your new family member!
That inflatable chair is gonna be gone once the kitten decides to scratch something.
A whole litter would be better! Adorable kitten
Provided you either keep on top of litter cleanup, or let them out as needed, cats are easy enough pets. Plus if they see you as a source of treats they'll be affectionate enough. Best of luck! :)
its so adorable..fluffyy
Don’t fight it.
What an adorable compromise!!!!
super original title OP
Best choice you’ve ever made.
You got the better end of that compromise.
Future fluff monster
Your kitten is beautiful. You made the right choice, the only choice.
My man got national geographic ass camera
Beauty
It is like..."you fell for my master plan and now you are my slaves forever"
That’s usually how it works out
There’s almost never really a bad time for cats.
The cutest cat ever!
Ah yes, the negotiator
What a beautiful creature that is
Damn bro just trying to show a cute cat and all anyone cares about is calling your relationship “toxic”.
Say goodbye to that inflatable chair in the back...
Good compromise; now you both get a kitty.
That's how I got my dog, she sent me his picture I said no, and he's on the couch next to me right now.
I must say tho.. he/she sure did go to the right home.. the face says it all!! Brownie points 4going along with it cuz now you'll be happy too.
Definitely get a second kitten asap. It's really good for their mental health to have a buddy and it's not really harder to care for them. They will also tire each other out.
The best time was right meow!
Aaaaaaaah she’s adorable!!!
Been there man, I ageed to 1 cat we now have 3 rescues. Wouldnt have changed a thing.
I can tell you right now that relationships where a compromise=her doing whatever the hell she wants will not end well. I stupidly did it 3 times. The 3rd girl said she wanted a dog and I said "wait until we have the money and space for a dog" but patience wasn't a trait in her so she found another dude with money and space for one.
May I suggest to OP that you either learn the definition of compromise, or that you run, not walk, away from your gf.  Having been there, done that, I can assure you that is NO way to have a relationship.
SIMP
Funny how compromise always falls on the woman's side. You would never see this post in reverse.
Go ahead and adopt a new gf. Equation will be balanced.
You should name it "NOT NOW" just to remind your GF who wears pants in the house!!!

Also you will get to say, "come here NotNow", so it's a win-win...
This is cute as hell, glad you have something to distract you from the fact that your GF doesnt respect you at all.
r/dadswhodidnotwantpets
What a beautiful cat. What breed are they?
That is an adorable cat tho
That adorable kitten has that smug "I knew you would" look too...#insidejob (I bet she just walked in, found a nice warm corner, settled down and took a nap like she owned the place too...)
He/she already looks so wise beyond her years
What a cutie pie 😍 not sorry she got the kitty
not now, so you waited 20 mins...proud of you bud!
That beginning, middle, and end of that story were exactly what I expected.
What's that breed?
PRECIOUS
Awww
I don't even like cats, but that's a pretty cute kitty.
RIP that inflatable chair
looks like a little cat
Cute <3
My dad didn't want cats too, but my mom insisted so much that we got them. Now he loves them.
Going to be a big floofy girl.

Post updates!
Cute ^^
That's one beautiful kitty!🤗
Look at that face. 😍😍
**Thanos: This...puts a smile on my face**
She's beautiful, so you were being a big silly! 🤭
What a fluffy kit! Love the eyes
Same thing happened here. Wife wanted to adopt 2 out of 3 sibling kittens. I said 1 is enough. We got all three. I said as long as I can name them all something cool they can stay. I named 0 of them. They are still here.
This post😆
I hope you aware those things eventually turn into cats.
I feel you brother... Same happened to me 3 months ago!
Why *wouldn't* you want to adopt a kitten? I mean, unless you have expensive furniture or can't afford to provide it with a good home...
I was in the exact same situation and I ended up loving the cat more! Even after we split up, he stayed with me
And now you’re so proud of your pretty baby, you take pictures of him. 😁
Tale as old as time
Wow, that cat is really a keeper.
Wait ...
How sweet ! The baby needs love,  in return you will feel loved as well
Adopt the kitten! We have 5.
How cute! Now we wait for the "my boyfriend didn't want a kitten but look at them now" picture posted by your GF. Congratulations!
:o
GFs can have a little kitten. As a treat.
No regrets!
She looks so soft!!! What a cute kitten
My girlfriend said she doesn't know if she could trust us having kids after I hesitated in adopting our cat. It was stupid, but we laugh about it now. Cat loves me more than her, so there is balance in the world.
Wow that is a beautiful cat!
She’s so prettyyyyy
What a majestic floof
Aww looks like my sweet Main Coone boy. Enjoy
Yayyy! Congrats! Pets are AMAZING!!
Admit it... u both love the teeny ball of floof
Looks a lot like my Link. If your cat's anything like him, be careful of biting. Lots of biting and sneak attacks. Playful biting, but biting nonetheless...
Judging by her whiskers she’s gonna be big) congrats )
Its so cute :)
I tried to avoid pets after growing up with a cat hoarder.

Decades later I've got roommates like this.https://i.imgur.com/yb08k5w.jpg
Look at that smug face lol
Hey what breed is this cutie?
Be careful. That's how we ended up with two.
Awww  Adorable....
Cat's lookin' at you like, "Who has the power? That's right, I do, byatch."
😻😻😻
Hilarious. The kitten is gorgeous. 😍
I admire how you stood your ground!
Copy and paste title
That blow up chair won’t last long.
This kitty is thinking deeply about the philosophical implications of snacks
👍
What a beauty. Sweet face; purr-fect compromise.
I still remember a few years ago when we lost our cat Onyx

I didn't wanna get another cat yet, wife did because she knew it'd help me. So we compromised and got 2, and fish, and a 3rd cat later, and a guinea pig.
Cute
Beautiful kitten! Those are some nice colors and markings and furr. When it grows up and it’s fluffy tail is in full effect you can post in r/bottlebrush
The best kind of compromise there is.
so fluffy
We have 2 dogs and 2 birds ( we used to have a kitten and gerbils) because I compromised up from “absolutely not” to “you gotta take care of it”.
a quarantine is def the right time to get critters

my pup is getting loads of extra attention lately
You don't say no to kittens.
Omg I bet yous just fell straight in love with that little cutie, beautiful looking cat, hope yous have many happy cat filled years. I love cats, they have such great characters and especially kittens they do some crazy things which make you laugh. Enjoy your new feline friend.
Send that beauty to me in argentina
Next thing you know she’ll be wanting to have an open relationship
The cat wins 😆
Who could say no to that little kitten, what a beauty!
Can you pls just give me this precious little fluff? ^^
Hes awesome!
“That’s one fucking nice kitty right there!”
This cat is prettier than most people I've met
Fair compromise
Awww!! What’s the kittens name?
Oo
She’s so cute! ❤️❤️
Made me laugh.  Thank you.  Love is love is love.
Adorable!!
How cute. It’s already disappointed with you.
Well you are straight up admitting that this was the obvious compromise 😻
Nice
Aw, she's lovely.
Who gets it when you guys break up?
Lol’d! I love posts like this.... ty for giving me a chuckle this morning!
That's a magnificent animal.
She kind of has a little smirk on her face.



 “Sucker” — cat, probably
Ooohhh
“Too many compromises. You want to watch the karo-net tournament; she wants to listen to music, so you compromise - you listen to music. You like Earth Jazz; she prefers Klingon Opera so you compromise - you listen to Klingon Opera. So here you were ready to have a nice night watching the karo-net match and you wind up spending an agonizing evening listening to Klingon Opera.”
That chair in the backs days are numbered man
Say goodbye to your blow up chair.
nuuuu it’s too cute! i need it!
Little dude looks so stoic
Thats an amazing compromise and the kitty is so cute. Give kitty some loves from Reddit
She’s so pretty!!
I mean....
That's a beautiful cat
Pro compromise
And thats how you get a cat.
Best decision ever ! Cats are life ❤️
Wow, she looks exactly like a kitten at the shelter I volunteer at in LA (Kitty Bungalow)!
Adopt it you monster.
Such a cutie!
[deleted]
Looks like my old Norwegian.  Best mouser I’ve ever seen.  That coat is a beast to keep clean and clear of burrs though.
Kitten: Ah, minion. You shall... suffice.
It knows. It's judging you.
I like cats. I like kittens. I like girlfriends.

However, if your girlfriend lives with you, and forced you into having a pet you did not want... you have to question whether she’s really partner material.
Find out the truth r/catsarespies
Is that a chair in the background? It looks awesome
You’re gonna love that one. Great breed. Energetic as hell, and he’s going to jump in the counter every time you cut meat.
Best compromise ever
That’s a beautiful kitten.
To be fair, that kitten is adorable, all kittens are adorable, cats r the best
Hairballs...oh god, the fucking hairballs...
No one could say no to that cute face!
My upvote is not for the kitten but the way you forced her to accept your will.
You lost the discussion meow
If you do decide to get your baby a friend don’t do what I did.  I took in a kitten from a friend only to find out it had Feline Leukemia Virus.  She wasn’t sick when she moved in but in a short time started showing symptoms.  I felt horrible that I introduced a sick kitty to my healthy one.  Just take the precaution of taking the potential new kitty to the vet before bringing into the home if you can.
Cute kitten but how is this a compromise?
LOL, utterly adorable fluffy cutie!
I’ve been the “not now bf” before, and the compromise is definitely getting the kitten. I find that now is better than waiting, because taking on a new pet is always going have it’s challenges. Basically, it’s never going to be a good time to take on a new pet, but the reward, and companionship that (hopefully) comes with it is oh so worth it.
Lol, sounds fair!
Flooof
She probably did get it later, technically.
Hairs. Hairs everywhere
Ohhhh, you should get a harness and walk her! All of my cats turn to stone when I try this but I didn’t start when they were babies. You are great at the art of compromise 😂
This picture will be a great reference to look back on and smile,  when she pops that inflatable chair in the background.
Got rid of gf.
Some compromise!!  She won, big time and I will wager, so did you.
That’s a gorgeous kitten.
Yeah that happens a lot on this subreddit.
That’s a nice kitty!
She’s beautiful! What did you name her?
I made this compromise three damn times!
Gorgeous! ❤️
She's gorgeous!
That's the face of "you're mine now" if I've ever seen one.
She's gorgeous!
The look on the kitten’s face is priceless. It’s so dead-pan, “Dude, you knew it was gonna happen. Now, bring me a treat, and another sibling for me to approve living here.”

What a cutie!!!
That looks like one great compromise!
She's gorgeous!!!
So the ”not now” was the moment she asked, but later that day was ok? Genious! lol
How many people are going to call his gf an ass hole and insist he should leave her?? Not your circus, not your monkeys people!!!
What a beautiful kitten!
Your a great photagever ir somthing
this gives off r/DadsWhoDidNotWantPets vibes
*The negotiator*
What a beaut😻😻😻♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
That looks like the same jacket sleeve that I have!

Also nice cat
Ah yes. The Negotiator!
That's actually a very beautiful cat!
I giggled quite a lot about that title :)
Compromise you say......totally succumbed to the charm of the kitten I say.  Same thing happened to me but it was a similar looking matching PAIR  of feral kittens on our back porch.  I folded...I knew I was beaten the moment the kitten meowed at me....lol
I get the title is a joke, but if any of you out there are actually considering doing something like this please reconsider. Pets are huge responsibilities, and they also very expensive. Do not impulse buy a dog, cat, or any living animal. Taxidermy is ok tho, you don't have to feed those.
I have a cat that I adopted when she was fully grown so I never got to see her as a kitten. I'm almost positive this is what she looked like!

Your in luck if your cat turns out like mine

My cat just turned 18, is absolutely beautiful and still acts like a kitten!
Your updoots do not amuse me hooman
Those whiskers tho...
This kitten could ask for 5 years of my life amd i will give it twice
Further proof that women rule the world!
Huh, this same story is how I got my dog.
That cat has a rather smug look on its face,no,really
You made the right decision.
Well looks like this lil kiddin PWNED your hesitant gene.
My wife and I also had a similar conversation... Now we have 2 cats
This ol women must get their way in the relationship trope ain’t dead yet huh
Aww! She looks so much like a cat I had years ago, you're lucky to have her, she's stunning <3
bro its cool, just tell us you bought yourself a cat. we won't judge.
My kitty is part maine coon. He’s full of energy, jumps high, and loves cuddling more than anything in the world. Seriously the sweetest cats.
Kidden
My dad: we are not going to get a family pet
My dad and the family pet 2 seconds after getting it:
Don't worry. Same thing happened to me months ago and it's pretty cool
I think your cat is going to be one of those exceptionally beautiful supermodel cats.
Such a fluffy little tabby
don't worry you will be the kitten's favourite. Same thing happened here I wanted a cat, bf said no, we got a cat, cat adores him and tolerates me lol!
I did the same thing with my boyfriend expect it took three years of asking.
I'm so desperate to have  my gf by my side and adopt a kitty, sadly we can't livin and I can't have a pet, where I live
I hope you’re not too attached to that inflatable chair, lol
You're gonna be happy you got a distraction (if you are us resident) if we ever get into lockdown mode!
That's the look at cat gives you when it knows that you are now it's slave. You'll will pet it on command, feed it on command, play with it on command. most notably, however, is that this kitten is an agent of your girlfriend.
Say goodbye to that inflatable chair.
Adorable, he took my breath away because he looks like my peltzie-baby "NoShe!" who I lost after 14 years, may he RIP.  This photo was a gift that brightened my day... I thank you.
You guys are in trouble.... The good kind of trouble.
That is a gorgeous kitten!!
Your gf is a kindred spirit 😂
LOL, his look seems to say "I OWN YOU NOW!"...
Beautiful!
My wife and I had 2 dogs(Gus and Sandi) 1 cat(Lucy). She wanted to Foster a kitten(Sabastian) but let's be real, it wasn't leaving. Then she fell in love with a FIV+ cat (Theodore) so now we have 2 dogs and 3 cats.
The trouble with kittens is they become cats (I have three cats).
I can relate. I wanted a dog. Gf wanted a cat so we compromised and got a cat.
Sounds about right
Should have compromised and adopted half a kitten.
Haha. Yeah that's how it goes. Cute kitten though.
This kitten looks like my old cat, kitty whom has passed away a few years back. He was my best friend, and stayed with me from my age of 3 to 18. I loved the little guy. It’s nice to know he has reincarnated and is with someone just as loving
What kind of kitty is this?
Awww, what a beautiful girl. Excellent compromising, sir!
The same compromise happened with the ex and my two cats. Jokes on her as they both ended up liking me better anyway
Glad you met in the middle.
Happy wife, happy life
He or she looks like grandpa cat and that’s the cutest thing.
Majestic little floof
Omg I LOVE HER.
Why does this cat look 3 months going on 30 months?
Cutie ploofy floofs! *But that expression terrifies me.*
It’s so chill. Must’ve gotten it from you
Sounds like how we got our cat. Sadly we lost her 2 summers ago, the day we found out we were pregnant.
You understand compromise so well I predict a long and happy married life.
It's cute but why do girls do this? My colleague had this happen to him. His wife and 2 daughters brought a kitten home from the pet store after they had repeatedly agreed that certain conditions be me (like the kids would have to care for it). They show up on day after groceries and were all like ...we also got a little kitten. and now he's taking care of it instead of the girls. like wtf?
Yeah my wife wanted three kids and I didn’t want any. We wound up with three
Nine cats and four dogs later, I too am familiar with this compromise.
Fuffffff
What a cute little fluffball :) dang, more i see pics of cute little kittens, the more i want one myself, not sure tho how my dog would react but maybe ill get a fluffball after time comes to my dog(hopefully it takes as long as possible tho, i love my dog more than everything in the world)
Cat: So what am I suppose to do with him?
Sure enough, this post is bringing out the misogynists. Exciting to get their input on anything.
this is absolutely hilarious
[removed]
How could  u refuse an adorable critter like that?!
Doesn’t sound like a compromise. Sounds like you said not now and she did it anyways?
My wife wanted to do X and I wanted to do Y, so we compromised and did X
Love this "compromise"
Glad you could compromise!!
Is that a Norwegian forest cat? If so, you're getting a lot of cat once she grows up
Awww such floof!
Are you me?
Kittens are NOW. Later, they are just cats. This way you get to see them grow up & they bond with you right away. Yes, we have four...
Hair everywhere. I mean Oh look a cute pet.
Sound about right
Good compromise
Awww a beautiful little nugget!! Her coloring is so pretty!
Wow, so cute
Floof baby is best baby

Also r/kittens
Did she also make you go with her, "just to look at kittens"? And therefore you were a part of your own unmaking?
Brilliant title. Can't stop smiling.
He looks awful, and so ugly.  I understand if you dont want him anymore, I'll take him, you're welcome.
What a cutie.
Are there more like you. My boyfriend is allergic and would die but maybe if he just loved me enough... kidding, but I'm very happy for you both.
What camera is that? Really nice photo
The cat is cute, but this isn't how healthy relationships should work. Not going to give my opinion on the girlfriend, but she doesn't sound like a keeper.
So the floof has adopted two hoomans
Now really? 😊 How could anyone resist a face like that?❤️❤️❤️ Great comprise! Good times ahead!!❤️❤️❤️🎉🎉
a fair compromise would have been a taxidermied cat
Glad you put your foot down
Beautiful girl 😻
You should have agreed on the idea, this way she realize how bad of an idea is this.
Omg thats exactly how my cat looks, she didnt look like that as a kitten though. 

Shes almost 1 year still tiny though, really tiny, her brother is 3x her size and also looks identical.
You got priorities right😊
You’re ready for marriage.
Good compromise.
How could you resist? So fluffy!
She's beautiful. Lots of love and stay safe!
She's going to be stunning when she grows up!
She's going to be stunning when she grows up!
She’s beautiful!
Who could say no to such adorableness
So cute
Floof grows up and turns into fluff!
Aww, she's a beauty!
My uwus has been stolen 🐈.
No sense in waiting when this sweet little floof was found!
Ha, we did the same recently when my female cat was PTS. My husband now calls the kitten he didn't want, his 'baby'.
Looks just like my cat.
Good compromise!
What is the camera? The kitten looks beautiful!
So....,where's the compromise?
Gorgeous baby! Enjoy all they happiness that comes with a new lil floof!
So the compromise was to not make you sleep on the couch...Love you most the compromise.
Welcome to the relationship, sooner you learn she will eventually get her way the better and happier your life will be. Experience: married over a decade.
Been there bro
I guess you said "not meow"

Adorable nonetheless.  Dawwwww :3
I'm wondering if gf now loves kitty more than you. Like you're second fiddle now. Good luck.
That is one very cute kitty.
What kind of cat it is ? 🙂
Looks like a homosexual cat to me.
This is the cutest kitten I’ve ever seen in my entire life
Is that a maine coon?
Beautiful baby!  Also, I love your chair in the background.
SHE'S BEAUTIFUL
That cat looks like is about 1 year old
Well you said “now” and it looks like you got it so sounds like a good compromise
What a beautiful mix of Maine Coon and Persian! They do need a lot of brushing. Please post a photo when she's grown!
what a cutie!!!
That kitten looks so similar to my cat, actually thought it was at first!
Sooo cute, good luck with your new pet!
He looks like he's got it all figured out
https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/search?q=so+we+compromised&sort=relevance&t=all
Omg!! So freaking adorable
I looked after a kitten for a couple days and let me tell you that it can, and will keep climbing up you. This one would climb nonstop to my shoulders for company! Awesome kitten.
Do you have regret? I suspect no.
I’m glad you compromised and got this pretty kitty
My new baby looks very similar! She’s a little thing at 6 months tho. 

I love the white eyeliner.
That is a very fluffy beautiful Maine Coone. A lot of brushing in your future but totally worth it. Start brushing now so he/she gets used to it. What a sweet face.
She’s so cute!!!
i want your cat
The look on that kitty face says, “I know you love me.”
That’s how my first marriage started. I am much happier now.
Good for you!
Pretty kitty!
You should always listen to your gf - she knows what's good for you!
You have chosen...wisely.
It’s so pretty!!
Good for you
Such a handsome cat
You definitely made the right decision.
Oh my goodness!! What a beauty!
What was the compromise?
Looks like a Maine coon. They get big like real big. Like the size of a small large dog.
Thanks for the wallpaper!

https://imgur.com/a/31nIf2L
“You cannot resist”
Say goodbye to that inflatable chair.
Are you my future self?
Oh she looks smug af 😍😄
You should bring home a lizard.
Well, it’s really not like you said No.
This guy knows what's up ;)
Good lord what a precious face. She can't be blamed for bringing this baby home.
Oh my gosh 😍
Simp
That kitten already looks like it is prepared for mischief and mayhem.
Wow that looks a lot like my cat, Garcia. Aka Pur. https://imgur.com/a/D7cdPsX
Omg my friend is also a furry
You can tell if it's a maine coon by the M on its forehead. You are lucky as lways wanted one but couldn't afford it
I suggest you get that fucking cat and surprise her. Asap
So fluffy and beautiful! Enjoy that kitty and future Queen!
Your cat is cute
Now is a great time for a cat they are relatively cheap to take care of and if you have to spend a few months locked away at home at least you have a cute companion.
Jeez this blew up
That’s a cat, bro
get used these executive decisions...you're life will be easier
I told my partner I didn't want a puppy. We had a 3 month old child as well as a 4 year old. I'd about 9/10 months earlier helped one of my old dogs to sleep. So now the puppy is almost a year old and our youngest son is 7 months.
My Maine coon is around 20 lbs
RIP inflatable chair.
You should have said , "not meow"!
My husband wanted a cat, but I didn’t. So, we got a cat. But now the cat is the best thing ever and is obsessed with my dog.
So high maintenance,  love my two Persians but never, ever again!
Definitely a Maine Coone,I have 2 Maine Coone mixes and they are such funny cats. Your cat is gorgeous!
Say goodbye to that blow up chair in the background. Cute kitty!
You need to brush her or else she will get matted,  like dreadlocks.
They had us in the first half, not gonna lie
You did say ‘now’.
That cat looks chill
With the cat being part maine coon, it will be almost like you have a dog.  I had one and he loved to play fetch, he even tried it with snow, LOL.  He also loved yogurt
Great compromise!! :)
What a beauty
Ahh, the negotiator
You can kiss that blow up chair goodbye.
Good compromise
Soccer
Solid compromise.
*f u c k*
What compromise? She wins
Ah yes the negotiater
What kind of cat is that? It's beautiful!
I thought adding a boy cat to our man cat was a good idea. They get along fine. I hope you don't like your shades and furniture. He is cute but he is on a path of property destruction
[deleted]
he is super cute , his facial expression makes him look almost human
*Pussywhipped* 

>!It's a joke guys!<
Look at that sweet face.
So cuteee do you know what kind of cat it is?
So precious. Thank you for sharing.
That’s a damn cute kitten.
Congrats, she's beautiful!
What a perfect little kitty.
What a cutie!
Now you're going to be her favorite, of course
Oh my god she's adorable. I want to smother her with kisses and hugs.
So cute! Such a serious face! That cat looks like a reincarnated tax consultant.
No, a compromise would be two kittens. That way they have each other for play and snuggles and it's just easier all around.
You both won
Long haired kittens are really great.

I raised one with my family and he's the sweetest, most affectionate little cat I've ever taken care of.
Ahhh! He looks just like my baby!
Awwwwwwww it’s so cute
Beautiful critter.  Get pet insurance for the little guy!  (Saved me 6k when my chihuahua got sick)
Glorious little ball of floof.
How could you not adopt that sweet little face!
Invest in a good Hairball food. Make sure you get a good brush and have them use to it. 
Source: vet assistant and owner of many long haired cats over the years.
Wow, this looks JUST like a kitten version of my cat. Check my post history!! Thank you for letting me see this cuteness!! I adopted him as an adult and always imagined he’d be a cute kitten. Enjoy your beautiful baby kitty!!
Thats one smug looking kitten
That might be the most beautiful kitten I've ever seen!
ah, the negotiator.
Which camera and lens did you use? The quality is amazing.
What to do if cat wants you to adopt gf?
How can you say no to this adorable kitten?
This is my cat’s twin. Good choice.
Pre-RIP to that inflatable chair
that is one pretty kittie
Dude you adopted a beauty
Aww, so cute, lucky you.
You'll make a great husband someday.
The kitty knows that she won. You guys have an owner now! Welcome to the club!!! It comes with lots of cuddles
What a pretty little baby! Awww sweetie kitty maow maow. Yes I talk to cats like that, embarrasses my two cats I’m sure.
You win.
I was kinda seeing this guy and the day we met I heard of a litter of puppies. I picked a puppy, told him about it. A few weeks later, I said I was headed to get my pup. He said it’s him or the puppy. I said, I’m getting my puppy. Here we are five years & two dogs later. 

Enjoy the kitten!
Such a beautiful compromise, in more ways than one.💕
Omg that is so sweet, what a cutie
Ahh the negator
It’s nice to see your gf knows how to compromise.
it looks like my lost cat ;(  
shes kawaii btw
Kittens like this don’t cross your path every day...
Oh lord it looks like my pixie. Rip pixie.
Yer a good bf 👍
LOL, women are controlling, demanding shrews, amirite? hApPy WiFe hApPy LIEF! /s
Be careful, it's a slippery slope. Told my wife no more after 2, we have 4 fing cats
just put my little buddy down, give this guy extra loves pls
I'm not a cat person but at least its cute...
What bothers me about some of the wording, and about some of these judgmental comments, is where he said "not now" and therefore some are saying she shouldn't have gotten the cat. Are we living in the 1950s where woman acted like their husband is their father and ask their permission before doing anything? Discussing it and talking about the pros and cons should have happened, but straight up saying, "honey can we get a cat?" "Not now dear" "Ok" doesn't need to be how it happens either. The rest of the wording where it says we compromised and got the cat does not necessarily mean she just went ahead and did it on her own. It could mean that they talked about it and decided to go ahead and do it/she convinced him to do it too.

I get that there are people that abandon pets because they didn't think things through. But that doesn't mean it's the case here and if people are going to be upset they should also be upset that one person in the relationship has to get the other one's sole permission to do something.
Drop the girlfriend, keep the kitten.

How's that for compromise!


Sorry... I just got out of a long relationship with a heavy breakup...
Good compromise OP
Happens all the time. S/He will probably be your best buddy!
You just meant not at the exact minute and seconds that she asked, very slick.

I had a tabby Maine Coone mix like this little fella, one of the best ex street/ feral cats I have had the pleasure of being owned by (yes they do own you), very chill and laid back attitude....Although this one is just a kitten so get ready for a 12 hour ball of fluffy energy tearing around the place.
[deleted]
[deleted]
now she will definitely marry you keep on compromising
[deleted]
[deleted]
What an adorable baby! I had a floofy boy with similar markings who grew into a majestic, lovable monster! Congratulations!

Can I suggest looking into a pellet litter system, like the Breeze system? If you train her to it now, I found it to be a lot less messy than using sand, and less smelly, too. 

Essentially, reusable pellets are put in a top tray that has holes to let the liquids trickle through to an absorbent pad underneath. Poop can be safely flushed through most systems (although probably not septic). A few pellets may stick, but for the most part, you're just flushing some poop. 

Depending on the cat the pads in the lower tray last several days to a week, and do a good job of keeping odors down. Plus, no sand being tracked around, and no heavy wet litter having to be carried out.

I used it for my previous cat who passed away a few years ago and found it the best litter system I've ever used. Now I've got two cats, adopted as adults from a shelter, but one of them was declawed and refused to use the pellets. So back to sand for now.

(Declawing, otherwise known as amputating all the digits at the first knuckle, is cruel and often leaves the animal with behavioral issues. Ours has behavioral issues, but we work with him.)
You’re ready for marriage then! Compromising in a relationship is all about picking the right things to say no to. Good choice on this one.
So adorable! You won’t regret your “compromise.” My spouse never wanted cats but that’s part of the package.
Cutieeeee!
You both won the argument
Good call.
That is a look of success on that face, that is...
You fought hard, that's all that matters
What a cute floof!  Glad you stood your ground.  👊
This is totally what would happen in our home too....
You are ready for a long and happy relationship grasshopper!
This joke is so fucking awful
And here’s the door
When women say they want a relationship built on cooperation and compromise. This is what they mean.
"Compromise"
Ohh the things we do for sex
I’d love to stomp that one!
Your title made me laugh out loud. It’s the sort of compromise I’d go for :)

Edit: I’m being downvoted for *liking* what someone has put as their title and saying I would go for the same compromise...am I missing something?
Three months into our marriage my wife wanted a baby. I said no. She said well then I want a kitten. We compromised and 9 months later we had our daughter
Sex is a powerful drug, it makes a man do things he normally wouldn’t do. Welcome aboard little one
My mom wanted to call me A, and my dad preferred B. So they compromised and I am called A....
ahh the power of the puss 😂
Yes, that is the standard compromise. I would get him/her a similarly aged friend soon.
That cat hates you already.
[deleted]
Well done!
My husband and I had a compromise like this when we were dating. We had one extra step though, he had to move into an apartment that let him have pets. We've had her for 8 years next month! And we just added another cat in January, after he said we were only ever going to have one cat at a time. They were snuggling after a week.
Learn now, been married 25 years- that’s how compromises work - reason I’ve been married 25 years
Simp
HA HA HA. GIRLFRIEND BAD.
ok boomer
haha wife want thing i no want thing we compromise and get thing
She obviously does not care for your feelings. Selfish bitch.
Sigh. I feel this so hard. I told my wife last fucking week that we were too spread out to get a dog at this time because we're in the process of buying a house. She agreed that my perspective made perfect sense and anyway now the dog is sleeping on my foot 

Edit: it's sarcasm guys. I love this fucking dog
