I'm looking forward to the weird videos and content that's going to come out of people going stir crazy stuck at home. Internet's gonna get weird...
That's the most I don't give a fuck cat I've seen in a while.
Sir William Whiskers rides a motorized carriage on his way to Fancy Feast dinner party
If someone had predicted this clip as our reality for 2020 a few decades ago we never would have believed them. Quarantined and riding the ~~monowheel~~ onewheel around the kitchen pulling your cat in a radio flyer...
My kids, yeah no school! Then the teachers delivered out homework packets now they are bummed.
The biggest laugh I’ve had in a week! Thank you!
That cat will expect chauffeur service from now on!
It's about to be a long couple of months I feel.
I’m on day 12 right now and trust me, it’s just like... man, I don’t know, I can’t even describe it. It’s like.... well, like every other day this year so far actually... and last now that I think about it.

Fuck, I need to get out more.
I only have one upvote to give, but I'd like it to be distributed as follows:

1/3 to the cat for going along for the ride.

1/3 to OP for enforcing a helmet rule when riding on wheels.

1/3 to kiddo for following helmet rule.


This social distancing is doing our heads in as it is, no need to smack them down on a hardwood floor!
This is the cutest fucking thing I’ve seen in a while. You have made my day, kind stranger!!
all it needs is the tokyo drift song
[EVERYONE LIKED THAT]
"Turn left then left again and that'd be my drop-off"
Day 7:  that cat will be wearing a cape and a wizard hat.
Haha. That’s great.  I bet the cat soon finds better hiding spots.
What is that one wheel skateboard called?
Cat: ARE WE THERE YET?!?!
Calvin and Hobbes 2020
I have conquered human transportation
The cat🐱 “They see me rollin’, they hatin’”
"this pleases me" - the cat, probably
2020 Calvin and Hobbes
Thanks, I love it!
Mood
Hahahaha.  House pets during quarantine are really working the hardest right now.
How has nobody commented at the fact that Commander Keen has a new gadget!?
Ahaha heck yeah
this is really entertaining to watch on loop for some reason
Atta boy
Is there a bunny at the door!?
That cat is so chill.
That cat looks like he’s seen some shit.
g-wagon
spin spin cat go 'round

fucks he give cannot be found
Well thanks stranger, now my kid want one. Got a link?
Soooooo cute !!!! Love it!!!!
[removed]
What is that thing and where can I get one?
This is one of the greatest videos I’ve ever seen regardless of the virus
Those one wheel things freak me out
Didn’t realize commander keen was a chauffeur
I just got the notification that school is cancelled by governor’s order until 4/28. 😳
One wheel!!!
Cats body language: ears slightly back, tail at a dead stand still-

“I’ve been in worse spots.  Onward, noble steed.”
Does anybody else oddly relate to the cat on a nice evening while browsing Reddit
You must live in Santa Cruz
I’ve always wanted a onewheel. Are they any good?
After all this time, the conversations I have with my dog are transitioning from “socially weird” to enlightening. That could be due to the pot brownies I cooked yesterday though. So much uncertainty with this pandemic.
wtf is that skateboard
That cat trained her small human so well in just five days--cant wait to see day 10!
Dang, how much is that house worth?
Is that the pint?
Classic fifth wheel situation.
The cat is hilarious.... do..di..do...
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
here comes the Catanooga choochoo
u/vredditdownloader
Cat: I dont know what everyone is complaining about.
I could watch 30 mins of this and I have the time right now.
They see me rolling...
Damn I wish I could afford one of those $1000 monowheels, I'm just in my room and I'm not allowed out because fucking DANIEL got me sick. Fuck you Daniel.
Hey I'm in Santa Cruz too !
Cat is chill
I'm so glad I don't have kids.
Just happy to be included.
Commander Keen and his cat
LOVE IT!!
Keep rollin’, rollin’, rollin’, rollin’
This is what the world needs now
they see me rollin', they hatin'
*RADIO⚡FLYER*
r/BetterEveryLoop
[r/thisismylifenow](https://www.reddit.com/r/thisismylifenow/)
Creative kid and patient cat. What more could you ask for?
Day 7 until that fridge is dented
thats one way to do it
I feel that cat
These poor extroverts... they just don’t get it.

YO!! Yes you, on the hoverboard! Just play video games!! Yes! That’s all you need to do!!
This kid be living in the future
“As long as I get my fancy feast I don’t care”
When the fuck did we get those contraptions. That shit doesn’t exist in Gotham??
When I was a kid I had a cat that would happily let me stuff it into a pram and push it around the house, sometimes it would even fall asleep in there. It drew the line at letting me put it in dolls clothes though.
I just wanna say that's nearer to an actual hoverboard than anything that got called a hoverboard back when everyone was calling those other things hoverboards.
Calvin & Hobbes!
"Hmmm, I've trained the human well. Couldn't have asked for a better slave"- The Cat.
Aww that cat’s so chill!
This lucky kid has a onewheel!?!? Must have had to save up a lot of allowances for that!
Shout out to the mom who said “Ok, as long as you wear your helmet”
Meanwhile in Humboldt we’re still going to work. I had a guy 20 feet from my desk coughing all day yesterday. There are no tests here
Bookmark, so i can show this hilarious shit to my kids later.
Now I want to see the version with the kid in the wagon and the cat riding the wheel
The cat: "Come on, little hooman, show me my kingdom as I rejoice"
r/aboringdystopia
Wow. Lucky kid
This is why "I'm bored" is not allowed in this day and age. Kids have WAY too many entertainment options available to EVER be bored
I’d literally pay good money to see this live.
What’s that the kids rideing?
Cross post to r/onewheel
u/vredditdownloader
Omg #goals.

Running to the store now before I can never go outside ever again.
The cat is like: can you back to work already?
/u/vredditshare
I mean it's safe to ride your skateboard outside so long as you're avoiding everyone else.
goddamn I want a OneWheel so bad but I've seen more people eat shit while on it than any other e-board.  
  
and I *still fucking want one.*
I honestly wish my mew would let me mess with her like this. It would make the next few weeks bearable. Instead I get cromch
Cat has no problem with quarantine time.
Mr Cat: "This is normal."
Finally starting to feel like we’re living in 2020!
u/vredditdownloader
Haha..just made my day....!!!
1000 dollars pulling a wagon that costs 40 with cargo that’s priceless
How creative of the young man!  Great post!  Thanks for sharing. Keeps us all together while we are in isolation. Some irony in that.
Wish I could give this an award, it’s so cute it made my night! What a great and smart kid and cool cat. :)
They really vibin tho
The future is now.
Only 5 days for the cat to enslave the child
I wanna see a train of cats, all pulled in little wagons one after another.
Bring on the large cardboard boxes!!!!
thats a cool board
Jesus Christ how rich are you
You are 5 days in from receiving energy from the Sun?
My GF and i are both introverts, my GF might have corona, and we're temporary in a isolation on day 4 until "symptoms" shows themself more to confirm whether she has it or not, and it doesn't affect our daily lives at all as we are both antisocial introverts who prefers to be in our own bubbles every day and rather not go outside unless we have to :P
 The cat does not seem to mind!
r/bettereveryloop
r/thisismylifenow
He do be vibin hard
You can go outside.
And when I was a kid I tried rollerblading in the house once and got an earful about scratching the wood floors.
When the cat has broken legs and want to go on a walk
Haha that cat looks so unimpressed LOL
jaja que bonito
Legit
I knew that was gonna be a Santa Cruz hoodie when he came around the corner on that one-wheel thing.
Kitty digs it.
Well, that's given me some ideas on how to entertain the kids...
Ya Santa Cruz, yewwww
This poor kid and equally sad kitty! We just completed 7 days, but reset due to my job and popping a fever (sorry my three kitties, who I'm suspicious that may have caused my continuation of quarantine). Sorry dude! But that's pretty cool and awesome!!!
Santa Cruz?
That tail!

Btw, what is that powered skateboard thing with one big wheel? Looks awesome, never seen one before.
Sweet Santa Cruz sweatshirt.
That cat is ready for the kids to go back to school.
The fact that he's wearing a helmet indoors makes it even cuter!
Is that a kangaroo outside the back door?
Very Calvin and Hobbes vibe
"i dont have to move. but i move."  - cat probably
day 5 is isolation: I don't think the cat is going to take much more of the kid's shenanigans. he's clearly plotting against us as I have found several knives buried in the litter box when I was cleaning it out. I've also found a note written by the cat. I've only deciphered about 30% of it but it reads something about taking out the larger humans and enslaving the smaller one.
This needs to be the new “thing”

“Day XXX In Isolation ...... “
Love the OneWheel Pint. (Not Shill)
I like the cat and the safety of the helmet, if only the cat would have a helmet then this post would be perfect
Nice house. I wouldn't mind being isolated there.
Going well I see
I like the future
"Bout time I got a chauffeur."
Jets helmet? You are about to raise a man of focus, commitment, sheer will... something only few men know about.
The future is now.
Pardon me for saying it. But this is pulled right from Onewheel’s Instagram page. Posted three days ago originally.
Did you steal my cat? Linus would tolerate that. The only cat I know that would. Is that Linus?
Now we just need markipler to include this in his *meow* video
This is the dumbest greatest thing I've ever seen.
I see cat. I upvote.
That’s good he wears the helmet for his safety :D
I love everything about this
Notice how relaxed the cat is. He/she is loving every bit of this train ride.
I like that he has a helmet on, no way would have thought to worn one as a child.
Awesome!
This is why I’m afraid to get hardwood floors...
Day eight here. Dear god...
Bobafet and baby yoda
Already seeing jump in numbers of people playing games.
Cat is like "once again hooman I find this relaxing"
Welcome to....the danger zone!
Man, you don't know how long I've wanted a one-wheel. Years and years
I’d say they’re rolling with the punches.
Ahh so coot
You go, kid
Another five days he'll be teaching the cat to pull HIM
Dat cat just vibin, my BOI👋😂
That floor is looking pristine af, considering there's pezs and kids around.
Why is everyone making fun of the isolation? Frankly speaking I found it useful to my personality, I mean, more time for books, podcasts, etc
Where can one obtain that thing he’s on
*cries in 26 days in isolation*
I see commander keen is doing well.
I'm glad you're making your kid wear a helmet, but that strap needs to be way tighter. Probably not a big deal going 2 mph at home, but if they're riding that onewheel outside, that helmet is useless unless it stays on their head.
And Kitty loves it 😂😍❤️
Its Commander Keen!!!
go forth my mighty steed!
Is that the Easter Bunny you see through the window at the end?
cyberpunk 2077
r/BetterEveryLoop
Best one lol
That cat’s like, “yep, I chose the right family”.
The heck is he riding on?.....I mean the kid not the cat.
What is that he's riding? I've seen it before but I can't remember what it's called.
If I had a house big enough to do that I don't think I'd *want* to leave!
Cat.
That cat looks both amused and reluctantly accepting that it is now a babysitter/ living toy
Driving miss daisy
Yes, more please!
That was precious, at least trying to stay occupied.
Odd flex but ok
Adorable 🌸💜
awwww
This brought me pure joy.
They see me rollin'
Is that you Commander Keen?
Too brilliant!
Sick as
Is that a moose outside the door at the end???
What's hilarious is the cat is chilling while in tow mode...
How come I can't get my hardwood floor to look that flat? My boards are getting all rough and the resin is chipping out of the knot holes.
That seems fun.
I see you are a man of culture as well
And cats have staff...
We are acting like we did 2 months ago at work here.. It's like Corona never happened. Kinda scary having to weigh the pros and cons of risking my Co workers lives but I can't think of a way to float rent and bills for 2 weeks let alone a month. We're fucked... Already in a loan repayment so csnt go that route.. And to compound it all I lost the love of my life, my dad, and my best friend last year and I still can't feel much of anything after that but sadness and some anger. Just.. I really feel for everyone right now. Everyone is having to make tough decisions and going home to and empty house every night lately has worn me out too. I miss everyone and can't bring myself to get out of the mess, and now all this shit. At the end of the day the biggest thing on my mind has been my ex girlfriend...she got sick a lot and it always hit her hard. I've been super worried she's going to get really hurt by this Corona virus and that drives me crazy. Every part of me wants to reach out but I know she don't wanna hear from me anymore so I sit back and just have to stomach it all. Anyways sorry for the rant.. I pretty obviously am on edge and don't have anyone to talk to these days so I vent on random posts now lol.
I see two good bois
You see me rolling… 😎
looks like a starwars movie.
One wheel of freedom
u/VredditDownloader

I need this
Woo! A One-Wheel! They're awesome.
I kinda want a wagon that small... it's so cute...
First world problems
This is the best thing I've seen in a long time
*notices one wheel* wow they’re rich
Aww poor rich kid on a $1500 onewheel. Must be nice knowing he won’t have to eat that cat with his endless supply of food
Gotta love the rough life of rich white person quarantine
Awww. Must be nice to have money to survive isolation 😊
You damn kids have it so easy. We're had no powered wheelie boards. We had to run in circles pulling the kid who insisted on pulling the don't-give-a-fuck-cat-in-a-wagon.  And it was up hill both ways!
Hey you, keep the karma farming to one front page post a day!
Fucking rich kid with a rich big house
Glad he has rich parents, the world needs more rich parents and fewer poor ones
Ya'll rich, huh?
Its 2020. Rich white kids aren't cool anymore
That kid will definitely grow up spoiled 😐
/r/ThisIsMyLifeMeow
Best way to walk your cat
That’s not in the lesson plans we gave you.
I can't imagine riding the onewheel in such a small space haha, it's so scary to ride your son does it like a champ.
Kids doing ok, but obviously the cats going out of its mind
I’m next
r/BetterEveryLoop
RIP floors
That cat has a very rough life...
Best thing I’ve seen tonight!
Awesome
Find out the truth r/catsarespies
Man, do be a cat during the quarantine. Nothing has changed for them except their people are around more.
So many days to go
that cat is very quiet
He did pretty well,(not bad)will do better to take it slow,master your craft.
How is this cat a dog?  Love it
Cat, "hah, look at this peasant... he's going to feed me after too cause he's getting punked like a betch".
If I had to encapsulate it, this is the internet.
Holy shit things have changed from when I was a kid in the 90s and early 2000s. I thought Super Nintendo was space like
I would call this winning
Where are you from?
This is so good.
Seems like a fast way to get a helmet shaped dent in your wall to me
My cat would jump out as soon as I put him in
Let's go One Wheel Club!
Are you in Santa Cruz or your kid just had a sweatshirt?
We have the same flooring haha cheers!
rich people in isolation
nice floors.
Cat's like, "I don't know why this is happening, but I also don't mind.".
OMG so cute - post it in r/ cats

You are helping so many to laugh or at least smile - so cute!!!!
Cat lives are the height of luxury.
Nice looking hardwood floors! Spring cleaning is unofficially a federal mandate, huh?
Our pets are going to be so exhausted after quarantine
 Cat is like “ugh, fine I’ll go. But you’re driving.”
So cute. Also, nutmeg finish? We had our 20 year old floors redone, and got rid of equally old carpet to get that stain.
the swiffer tail
That is the most accurate use of your time
Ayeee
One wheel, Santa Cruz sweatshirt, is there a Toyota Tacoma in the driveway?
Looks like my cat cricket who died last monday. Demeanor and everything...Cheered me up a bit to see
Cat “SOS”
Thought he was on a pogo ball from the preview. Should have realized kids don't use their bodies anymore.
Unusually laid back cat.
I have that same wagon! I put my dogs in it but they werent into going for a ride
Onewheel, check

Wagon, check

Cat, check
Mr on his way to steal your girl.
I need an honest opinion.   I finally am way ahead on my bills and have a lot of cash (outside of my savings and investments).  I want a one wheel.  This is totally my jam.  I longboard to work most days (well now work from home).  I have had my eyes on an electric long board for a while now but this seems way cooler.  So anyway I am already sold. 

But what I need to know is if the smaller ones holds up.  I like the idea of something more compact since I will be riding it to work.  But I am 6'1'' and 180.  Will this thing last.  Is there a noticeable difference between the smaller one and the larger one.   I need to know if i am missing out just a little bit by going with the smaller one or a lot a bit.  

Should i get both?  I mean i would rather throw the left over at something for my wife.
Need these "awww" to get my day going
Cat: “I’ll allow it.”
I have those same chairs
That is the next thing on my bucket list
Oh that is epic!!
Send that child outside. It will survive
That’s me on a regular day with no isolation...I love kitties
LOL. Made my night.
Born into easiest life possible.
Yes!  She makes these half meow/cackling noises and I try to make them with her but I sound ridiculous. I don’t even care though because she’s purring so loud it drowns it out. She’s laying with me now.  She’s going to be so bummed when I have to go back to work.  🐾
I just buried my cat that looks just like that, this makes me want to cry
Innovation, execution, insightfully delightful
It's either this or watch marble races
I am thrilled to see he has a helmet on! Seen things like this go way wrong to many times before..
Brilliant!
is that kangaroo in the back of the hall?
The cat loves it.
You should be proud. Kid is creative. Cat digs it. Winners all around
All I could think watching this was “just before the apocalypse...”
🎷🗿🇮🇲
Awww
You see me rooliin
Commander keen
Some relaxed cats are like parade floats
Watch ur tail in in that wheel little keety
That's the most interesting thing anyone in a Jets helmet has done in a long time.
Wonder what day 90 is gonna feel like?
Finally some toilet paper alternative delivery
Well, the cat is living his/her best life
Is the a unicycle hoverboard?
The helmet....safety first.
#gasp

Next thing you know, they'll be outside playing with sticks and dirt.
www.youtube.com
Where's the cats helmet?
They see me rollin
u/vredditdownloader
Jealous, I want a onewheel too.
What is this glare/watermark looking thing coming from the left stool? Is anyone seeing this?
My childhood cat loved to be dragged around in a cardboard box
Lol I have a permanent scratch on the floor after riding around my house. Oops
Ha! I used to pull my Tabby around in a Tonka dump truck in my basement when I was this guys age... she would sit in that truck for hours and let me wheel her around. Thanks for reminding me of her.. she was a hell of a cat :)
Just wait till day 84
They need to give that kid a broom to pull around.
New Commander Keen looking good.
God why are one-wheels so expensive
[u/vredditdownloader](https://www.reddit.com/u/vredditdownloader)
That is one chill as hell ball of fluff, please pass on my chin scritches and butt pats.
It's put on a damn helmet day ma!
I need a ramp in the next gif
That’s so fun.
That is dope as fuck.
not that cats first rodeo
Mood kid.
Is that Commander Keen?
Have a safe road
I wish my cat was chill like that.
Isolation isn’t so bad when you have the cash to buy those one wheeled gyro things to entertain yourself....
Seems legit af
Fix that helmet strap please fellow parent.
Commander Keen is keeping himself busy these days.
Commander Keen?
Well, good to know I should have killed myself 25 relocations and no educations ago... kid has more than I'll ever have and I'm thrice his age at least. 

Honestly? Hope he's the next Tony Hawk.
Good shit!
God I wish work would suspend operations. Fuck johnson controls!
@freshmansteve
u/vredditdownloader
Commander Keen?
/u/vredditshare
Only 155 days to go, optimistically
So cute..
I appreciate the helmet
r/perfectloop
Commander Keen of the 21st Century!
It’s all fun and games until kitty swipes that tail in the wrong direction and under a wheel...
I mean I’m not mad about it lol 🤷🏼‍♀️
Back in my day I had to learn how to unicycle without the use of motors
Looks like this cat is having fun in reality.
That proximity of the tail to the wheel is precarious
I'd like a job like that one!
u/vredditdownloader
Your house interior is very resmbalant to a friend of mine... very... do you happen to live In Washington state?
Wow this is a lot.
I saw a guy pushing a baby in a stroller across a crosswalk while he was riding one of those things. Is that as unsafe as it looked/sounds?
Send your isolation at home videos to @waystochill
Cabin fever is a helluva thing
The cat is so extremely chill. Must have worn out whilst on a quarantine.
I had a cat that loved going for laundry basket rides. We would loop a belt through the basket and he would jump inside and we would pull him all over the house as fast we could, he loved it!
/u/vredditshare
[removed]
This is very cool!
u/vredditdownloader
Day 5, houses have already resorted to Mad Max like scenarios.
Time Well spend
u/vredditshare
What I want to know: where did Commander Keen find that cat?
I've seen a lot of snide-ish stuff like "Here's some things you can do while quarantined" and literally "50 things people 50 and older can do during quarantine" and the lists are always "Call your friends", "Do a puzzle".

As it looks like we're heading into a national quarantine, those same people who wrote that stuff are going to be saying we need to pick up arms against the government on like day 9
cat gut
cat’s chillin
Phil, is that you? This looks like the Dunphe kitchen.
Commander Keen!
Commander Keen!
r/onewheel
damn! why the cat looks so calm!
/u/vredditshare
Can you play in the yard?
And here I am pulling my cat around manually.
Day 5? You extroverted motherfuckers really hating being self quarantined? I’m sitting here with my hand on my dick like “ain’t nothin new to me 😈🖕💯💯💯”
Brugh
He did it better than Paul Rudd
So dope the cat is straight chillin
Glad to see i’m not the only one bored
That’s a Commander Keen if I’ve ever seen.
Upvote for onewheel. Love my pint
i can feel him
Commander keen :o
More motivated than me
Ok...
Commander Keen?
In the UK most of us still have to go to school, they want that shit to spread like butter
Commander Keen vibes!
I love One Wheels!!!!
That helmet is badass.
u/Vredditdownloader
u/VRedditDownloader
u/VredditDownloader
He gave up on life
How do you get your floors that shiny.
I don't remember this Commander Keen game...
r/whitepeoplegifs
Careful. My brother broke his humerus clean through riding his onewheel last Friday. He's got months of recovery and physical therapy ahead of him.
He has slowly succumb to insanity
What model is that skateboard
What is that wheel thing?
u/vredditdownloader
That cat looks awfully content... 🤔
/u/vredditdownloader
Hilarious!
Is that Commander Keen?
Puuuurfect
You can go outside ya know?...
Gen z is ready for a possible cyberpunk timeline
Cyberpunk 2077
One thing is for certain, we are totally going to be prepared for some deep space missions after all this isolation.
I can’t wait til I get to work for home... up to you, corporate
You guys are getting to be isolated??
[removed]
[deleted]
Spoiled ass kid
Spoiled kid
To those down voting on comments on how 'rich' they are, you don't understand what its like to have almost nothing. A hoverboard like that is something they can probably never buy because they go paycheck to paycheck. They're kids are at home coloring, watching tv, playing board games. While it's fine to post something that's meant to just be funny and it happens to be someone who better off than most, you don't need to down vote the comment though. It's hard enough already, we're all stressed and people who are lower class can't stock up on essentials and food like all of you, they either don't have insurance or their insurance premiums are a joke. And if they can't work, they don't have money saved in their account. The government is trying to help but we still need to pay that money for rent even if landlords can't evict. They got more problems on their mind, worrying about all that and the rich are worried about the kids being silly. You're already more lucky than most so chill.
They bought their kid a $1500 dollar skateboard .... I've driven cars that cost less than that.
Social distancing means stay 6 feel apart. I doesn't mean you need "day 5 of isolation " or any isolation.  Let the kid go outside.
Please tell me you're not such a goofball you actually quarantined yourself...
