Can you imagine how pissed off they will be next day with a massive hangover? Several tons of very angry pachyderm not knowing what advil is.
Wonder if they saw creepy pink humans in the midst of it
are they okay
They look so happy!
Is there an article to verify this? Twitter and making up stories go together pb&j.
At least these two followed the buddy system.  I love how they are perfectly butt to butt—-I hope one of them tried to drunkenly spoon the other before realizing elephants don’t work like that.
An elephant never forgets...unless they get fuckin wasted on 30 kg of corn wine.
Party on, Wayne. Party on, Garth.
What is corn wine? Sounds like straight Ethanol
Why is liquid measured in kg tho
Horton Hears a Who 2: Horton Gets Fucking Blackout Drunk
https://i.imgur.com/GYOQuqS.gif?noredirect
They are so cute
Just read an article saying it’s fake

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.tellerreport.com/amp/2020-03-16---elephant-stole-30-kg-of-drunken-tea-in-xishuangbanna-tea-plantation---official--the-situation-is-not-true-.SJXlKYl6HU.html

I don’t know how trustworthy the site is, but the article seems well written and sourced. Apparently there were 18 elephants and have wandered through that town often.
My spirit animals.
They're going to have a mammoth hangover  ...
'bro, what happened? I can't elephant no more'
'shhhhh feel all this tea leaves in your earsss'
I bet that's one night they'd rather forget.
Don’t elephants sleep standing up like a horse? I mean, I’m working off of a vague memory here, so maybe I’m wrong, but to me it looks like they’re rolling and playing in the dirt, not sleeping. That said, I prefer the title story because that’s hilarious!
I don't know about you guys, I know this is a thing that there's a big word for that I can't spell but starts with an A, but I definitely see smiles on these elephants' faces  EDIT: The word is anthropomorphize, which exists regardless of my browser's ability to recognize it as a word
The one on the left looks like he’s in a blissful slumber.
An elephant with a hangover is something i never want to see
Asian elephants have a drinking habit and they like it. They usually search for the local wines in the tribal villages and drink them. They are known for remembering the same place they found the wine before and going to the same spot again in search of wine. 

TL;DR : They have a drinking problem and its usual.
It’s cute when elephants get drunk and fall asleep naked in the dirt. But ohh when I do it, I’m considered a pervert and a drunkard and I’d get arrested =_=
Sure, when an Elephant gets blackout drunk and passes out naked in somebody's garden it's cute, but when **I** do it I'm a "Raging Alcoholic" and a "Family Disgrace".
this isn't true, and the story has been made up.  
have a look at this [https://www.huanbao-world.com/country/157396.html](https://www.huanbao-world.com/country/157396.html)  


the images look familiar? and now have a look at the date of the article, last year  


the actual article is about more elephant reserves being made in Yunan province
People will upvote anything
The pic is cool but sadly its a hoax
No, they don't. Its a fake. Use google.
I like the cute story, but this story is fake. Elephants are in that area or China and they do play and rest in the tea fields, but elephants did not break into anything and drank 30kg corn wine.
[removed]
They’re smiling
They look so happy!
I saw just the pic before I read the headlines and I was horrified!! Then I was happy and omg they are drunk smiling!! 🤣😃
Source?

Edit: FAKE
look at the smile on those f*ckrs 😊
I just imagined them puking through their trunks...
Steve: "Hey,...hey Bob....remember, remember that time we..(hiccup)...remember that time we drank all that corn?"

Bob: "Oh yeah man,..waahhhh yeah I remember, we must of had like 1,000 ears of corn."

Steve: "They....waahhhh they were big ears too, like you....you have big ears hahahaha"

Bob: "So do you man, and corn....remember those foot corns you had,...god they were big....how pissed...(hiccup)....remember how that Chinese guy was sooooo...upset"

Steve: "Ya man...and remember that peach...hey a peach cobbler,...is that a guy who fixes peaches?.."

Bob: "Yeah I remember that man.."
"Elephants never forget" unless they get blackout drunk.
TIL elephants are functioning alcoholics (barely)
So this is where that skincare brand got its name
Talk about a big hangover.
I'm sure the farmers are as mad as hell...but damn they look cute!
The one leg up style sleep transcends species as truly the most comfortable way to sleep
I was so scared to read what the photo was about. Pleasantly surprised to find out they’re just drunk. Lol
They're like giant babies, I love them. Giant, deadly babies...
Fake news, says Chinese a officials.

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.ktvb.com/amp/article/news/verify/verify-did-elephants-get-drunk-on-corn-wine-while-humans-were-social-distancing/507-0c48ef63-33ec-478f-be6a-4ebdeb4b0299
This has been debunked to be fake guys.
https://api.nationalgeographic.com/distribution/public/amp/animals/2020/03/coronavirus-pandemic-fake-animal-viral-social-media-posts
This is fake. Check out the article on NatGeo
This is fake https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.dailydot.com/unclick/drunk-elephant-viral-story-debunked/%3famp
[deleted]
30kg is around 75 lbs. Assuming a mass similar to water, that's very roughly 7.5 gallons. Or just over two bottles per elephant.

If the corn wine is similar in alcoholic content to grape wine then they'll be fine... I'm less than 1/20th their weight (another comment said around 6,000 lbs) and can drink two bottles no problem.

Even if the "corn wine" is more like bourbon, that would be like me drinking two glasses of bourbon.

This is assuming that alcoholic tolerance increases linearly with mass. Also, I've been drinking and I'm about to go to sleep so I could easily have made a mistake in here. Regardless I think those elephants won't be suffering in the morning.
Wonder if they will remember everything the next day.
Imagine if they were bad drunks.  Then imagine the disastrous rampage that could ensue from 2 angry drunk elephants who go off on whatever the elephant equivalent of "Whaaaat djyou say? Saaay it to mer face or I... I'll f---- you up bruh" is.
Chaos.
When they do it they make it to the front page of reddit and get called cute; when I do it my mum yells at me and tells me I’m 38 and need to grow up
Their smiles I can't
Is there a source on this or is this just a picture of two elephants with no context?
Well...I hope they are proud of themselves
I had this happen in Rimworld. Finally managed to tame an elephant, but err due to some priorities with what grew in the fields food was a bit short for a while. Fucking thing made it into the beer room in a starving rage, drank beer until it was full. Passed out in an alcohol induced stupor.  Due to this it was unconscious for so long it ended up in the same starving rage(now also hung over) when it woke up. Which happened to be in the beer room...

Repeat for a while until it finally died of natural causes(cirrhosis).
Reddit is the place where you see this then someone cites a source in the comments saying that they are actually dead...
plot twist this is a picture of poachers that killed massacred two elephants
Sir, this is two elephants
"Fell asleep" yeah. More like drunkenly passed out. Can you imagine the size of an elephant's puke puddle? Whoa!
Awww animal alcoholism.
They look happy af
On a side, didn’t know corn wine was a thing!
Glad I'm not the only one who measures my wine consumption in kg.
When I do that it doesn't seem cute to anyone
Ok I wonder if they enjoyed the wine? 🤔
Wait...there's corn wine?
😡
And evidently they had a drone to take the photo.
Drunk elephants sound both hilarious and horrifying.
So if elephants black out do you think they forget?
Oh so it’s cute but when I do it I’m “breaking and entering” and “tearing this family apart” smh
A quick Google search says this story is fabricated. Still a great photo of two sleeping elephants.
They look happy af
They look like adorable, snoozing, teething babies.
Bro, why are we here? What happened last night? And bro, where's stu?
Someone get those drunks to AA
Good thing it wasn’t a hash*sh field
Well I hope they're ok.
>corn wine

Bourbon...they got drunk off bourbon.
Best Thursday night ever
Elephants are my favourite animals and I absolutely love how Reddit is full of elephant content. ❤

Elephants are also notorious drunks, they deliberately raid villages in India to drink the rice wine.
TIL corn wine is a thing? Apparently.
A night they’ll never forget.
😍
Dumbo you’re drunk. Go home! Take your pal too!
How I’m tryna be
I looked at this picture before reading the caption and got so scared.
I wish elephants were dog sized and squishy.
Looked this up and saw an article. While it working be hilarious, this is untrue. The elephants are not drunk and they did not bread into and drink 30kg of wine
Their hangover energy in this picture is so relatable. Mouth slightly agape, semi curled in a fetal position, and clearly just dead to the world. Sleep tight little buddies.
There are many stories of drunken elephants. I've seen a few cases of asian elephants stealing rice wine from local communities. Growing up in Africa people used to tell us Elephants like to get drunk by eating marula fruit that fell from the tree and fermented on the ground. I don't think anyone has found truth of it might just be a myth, but you'll be surprised how widespread that idea is.
Feel like that should really be classified as 'passing out' more than falling asleep
There is no evidence that the picture submitted has anything to do with the title, or that the title wasn't just completely fabricated.

Scoured google and can't find anything to validate OP.

I call shenanigans.
Unfortunately this is fake news.

This photo existed for some time now and the herd actively roaming the region wasn’t at the site of supposed breaking and entry.

Still awww nonetheless
I’d be more pissed if it was the other way around
100% those elephants were looking for booze to start with. Elephants love to drink.
Quick, someone draw mustache on their faces. ..
why in kg not in litres? It's the same yes but why
They look very happy
This is what I imagine my fatass looks like when I sleep
sounds like my regular friday before lock down
Spirit animals
Drunk elephants. Something I'd love seeing on video but not in real life.
You want to see drunk animals. The marula tree in Africa is the place to go.

[https://youtu.be/AIDJ-sTuoO8]
Elephants, in yunan province? In China? Really?
The wine being measured by weight instead of volume if fucking with my mind.

Depending on the alcohol content, that’s about 28-30 liters which is about 200 glasses of wine.
(Those are rough estimates)
I'm getting some Dumbo vibes here
Why give the amount of wine in kilograms instead of liters? Also, why construct a false narrative that's so easily debunked? Image search for the photo shows where it came from (the elephants in the photo aren't the same ones that broke into the village), and googling "Yunan province elephants break into village" brings up the incident referred to in the title of this post but reveals no information indicating the elephants drank any weight or volume of alcohol at all.
Quick...get a sharpie
Look at those elephant smiles!🥰
they seem like sleeping babies, cuddly obese babies. in deep happy sleep.
I love the fact that they both have big grins across their faces.
That's my sleeping position
Nobody ever says “aww” when I pass out drunk in a strangers garden.
TIL Corn wine is a thing
This looks like a design for a coat of arms or logo or something.
I had no idea *corn wine* was a thing. Now I need to try it.  


Oh, yeah: cute elephants \^\^
I can smell the drunk elephant corn farts from here in quarantine.  At least their poo won't have all those corn pieces in it
Elephants on parade
I like that
Look at the  goofy ass smiles on their  faces. This post  just made my day
Happy as Larry! Check out the smiles 😂
I feel bad for them :(
Hi, can you please edit this post and correct the errors? There were actually 13 elephants, the last one was actually my mother. She too enjoys a hearty amount of corn wine, and often passes out in that same tea garden. Yes, she is a heavy set woman, but I can assure you all that this is just a coincidence. Please respect my family’s privacy during these times, this is very embarrassing for us.
Corn wine? We call it moonshine around my neck of the woods.
Has been debunked
Post from National Geographic earlier today cured this and other stories about animals and nature occurrences during COVID-19 as false.  This is fake news
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.wusa9.com/amp/article/news/verify/verify-did-elephants-get-drunk-on-corn-wine-while-humans-were-social-distancing/507-0c48ef63-33ec-478f-be6a-4ebdeb4b0299
Except they didn’t. Already been debunked by other people and proven it’s fake news!!
r/madlads
Surprised that the Chinese didn't take them for Bush meat. 100% serious.
Hi, my name is dumbo and I’m an alcoholic...
So do drunk elephants see pink humans?
FAKE AND GAY. fuck you OP
First time on r/aww that a picture of two dead elephants hit the front page.
TIL there are wild elephants in China
Me last Saturday night...
Their gonna have a wicked hangover
Spring Break!
TIL there are elephants in China.
[deleted]
Let me point out that Yunan is in China so the Reddit hoard can smear hate and racism all over the comment section
Psh..those elephants probably knew they were getting wine.  A lot of people don’t know this but elephants are kind of alcoholics.  

They love fermentation and they know the scent!  

They are giant cuties anyway though.  Elephants are awesome
So we can’t talk about the elephant in the room but the elephant in the garden is fair game
Why is this getting upvotes this was probably a recurring porblem for the village and everyone is just going to ignore it
They look so happy!
I see pink
Hell. Yes.
Lol, they're gonna remember this forever.
I found my spirit animal
What’s the difference between corn wine and moonshine?
look at their smiles hahah
I imagine you would tiptoe around passed out elephants if you found them in your garden
I've never wanted to be an elephant until now
Say whaaat?
I wonder if they remembered it all?
They don’t look too good
I was today years old when I learned that corn wine exists.
TIL that I sleep like an elephant
Drunk trunks.
Life goals.
Snorlax?
Isn’t corn wine just whiskey? Isn’t whiskey made from fermented corn?
I love elephants, but I hate hangovers. I would not want to be near a hungover elephant and god only fucking knows what a corn wine hangover is like.
Hope they get enough water
Sounds like a night they'll... never forget.
They sleep like me
r/tooktoomuch
They both look like they’re smiling - at least they’re happy drunks!
Sagat sleeping position, so cute
CORN WINE? We're just going to breeze right past that?
I thought these were carvings in a wall.
I'm coming back as a tea garden ravaging elephant,.
They seem to be happy drunks
It's me and my friends!
Yes, but look at those smiles.
That's the dream.
Didnt read the caption at first and thought I just saw a massacre
Gotta be the worst hangover
Now I know what a hammered elephant looks like.  Thank you Reddit!
They are literally smiling lol
I needed this.
~~fell asleep~~ PASSED OUT SMILING lol r/ftfy
TIL we make corn wine
Looks pretty similar to the morning after my 21st Birthday.
Falling asleep in a tea garden sounds so nice and peaceful
Its okay when they do it but when i break in and drink all the booze i get the cops called on me.
They won't smile that much when they wake up with the worst hangover ever
Corn beer*
Look at their faces.
Stupid American here, what’s kg as a liquid measurement?
So I guess you could say those elephants were on parade?
(Dumbo reference). They’re not pink though so :/
at least they didn't shit themselves like Kyle did that one time
This is me, if I was an elephant
my people/elephants.
me n bae
Am I the only one that thinks they look like they’re smiling and incredibly happy?
Living the dream
I love elephants.
I’ll drink to that
Then they woke up and puked all over and ran off, many workers quit that day.  I'm not cleaning it up you clean it up, I'm not cleaning it up, you clean it up!
Almost looks like the one on the left has been passed out long enough plants started growing around him
Aw was a great night for me today I was thinking about it haha I like the best of it but there are no other side side effects.

(Auto complete)
They look like a happy passed out drunk. I’m not sure, but it looks like both are smiling in their sleep.
"fell asleep" LOL, no those elephants are shitfaced wasted and it's adorable.
This is how the festival of the drunken elephant started. Now it will be a yearly occurrence when these elephants tell other elephants where to get drunk.
Me, on my bathroom floor after a night at the bars.
#CoupleGoals
I love how even elephants know the one knee up position is the best of all the sleeping positions.
With smiles on their faces!!
Sounds like a Tuesday.
They deserve the indulgence
I wish getting drunk made all species understand each other. I'd get drunk with soooo many animals. 🙃
Ngl this made me sad. I hope the elephants are ok.
So dumbo was plausible
They need to take care of themselves.
do they get hangover the next morning?
Maggie's farm!
corn wine is a thing? Wow.
Are they smiling? Wonder what they're dreaming about.
Girls Night
Why do we all sleep EXACTLY LIKE THIS???
They heard we couldn’t celebrate St Patrick’s day, so they decided to for everybody.
They look so happy with themselves too
Then the Chinese proceeded to slaughter them for ancient Chinese medicine.
u/title2imagebot
Why were they starving?
I think elephants are the nice humans who get reincarnated. They have no idea about their past lives but they love booze, think people are cute, and are reasonably courteous.
They knew exactly what they were doing
Corn, booze, and the hungover elephant shits? Biological warfare to clear a city.
Awww they are smiling!
I wonder what "coyote ugly" is got an elephant?
Hah! Look at their smirks..
My wife and I tonight
Sounds like antics Zeus would get up to.
"fell asleep"
You can just tell they passed out happy and satisfied
I really hope someone put some big buckets of water by them for when they wake up with mad hangover thirst.
They look so peaceful
Reminded me of this party in the savannah https://youtu.be/AIDJ-sTuoO8
Love it
❤️
Oh, to be an elephant in the Yunan province, drunk on corn wine, asleep in the tea gardens.
They look so happy
I thought this was a carving on an wall
Touching butts
They look adorable for such giant animals
They're like some giant drunken angels!
Corn wine? TIL
https://youtu.be/dRABX6RD2YI

In Africa they often get drunk eating ripe marula berries.
Butttobutt! I don’t know why I think that parts the cutest. I’m stircrazy and might be losing it.
Ass to ass.... Good choice
Hmm. This reminds me of when I went on an overland tour in the Mongolian desert and saw a dead horse out the window and our tour guides said don’t worry it’s just sleeping!
I saw the picture before the text and am so happy they are just asleep. Big drunk babies.
So sad if they are dead and a difficult time for their parents
"no regrets"
Corn wine?
Please tell me this is real. I need drunk sleepy elephants to be real right now.
Par-tay!
Exactly what I say to my wife “I’m not drunk, just sleepy”
Unfortunately the story is false but the elephants are still cute! https://www.chinanews.com/sh/2020/03-16/9127258.shtml
Cute.  Butt-to-butt.
Inspiration for logo of Fevicol came from here.
Looks like me when I drank. Passed out in a random location with a smile on my face
Confirming the best sleeping position is one bent knee
First time ? xD
Oh no! I am getting Rimworld vibes!
I would love to get drunk and sleep in a tea garden
Oh thank god they're still alive, I saw the photo before reading OP's title and thought the worst
How are these huge animals so cute?
Yunnan province*
Random.... elephant event?
Look at those smirks!
Is it just me, or do they both look like they are smiling? Do smiles mean the same thing for elephants?
What a relief i thought they were killed just by the photo. Glad they just blacked out and hangover af
Experience tells me they did that on purpose!
I thought they were killed or something just by looking at the picture. I should read first and assume second
For a second, I was surprised at how they fit in between the bushes. Then realized they squished the bushes where they're laying. Because they're elephants.
Me after day drinking too
Corn wine sounds like the worst hangover ever. Can anyone confirm?
Omg, I'm so sleepy, lol. I thought this was about the coronavirus and that these elephants had been killed. I thought it said wuhan not yunan. Lol
Probably teenagers🙄🙄
I want to get drunk with my bestie and pass out in a tea garden!!!
Random.... elephant event?
Gonna need a banana for comparison.
I don't want to be around a herd of elephants with hangovers when they wake up.
Me after reading and drinking corona all day
Looks like they’re smiling.
corn wine? Here in US we call em bourbon...
Whats a good recipe for corn wine?
Awww. It looks like they’re smiling.
Sleeping Drunk Elephants is my next band name.
Awwwww elephant ass to ass.
God an Elephant sized hangover has to fucking suck.
Aww they look so happy 💜
This reeks of bullshit. 30kg (especially divided by two) of corn wine is nothing to a 7 ton animal.
Why does this site complain about Twitter so much when 50% of Reddit posts originate on Twitter?
Party
Isn’t corn wine just moonshine?
As drunk as an.... Elephant?
It looks like their smiling
Wtf is corn wine?
I am drinking a cup of Yunnan tea right now
... they look strikingly similar to the twins I nannied when they were passed out together for their nap <3
I love that their butts are touching but they are not breathing each other’s drunken dragon breath. True love.
They woke up in a tea garden saying “how the hell did this shit happen, oh baby?”
That's going to be some hangover man
30kg of wine? Do you even metric system bruh?
AWWWWWW
They are both smiling.
Been there.
Literally drunk elephant, eh? EH?!? Any r/skincareaddiction here?
We’ve all been there at one time or another.
Legends.
I knew I had a spirit animal, just hadn’t found it until now. Thank you Reddit.
You cant make this shit up lmao
This is How my bf and I sleep every night. Butt high fives.
I'm glad they weren't killed and eaten/had their tusks taken.
r/babyelephantgifs 
Is my favorite sub for those looking for something super cute
They look so happy sleeping !
Not gonna lie but they had us in the first half ...
r/rimworld
Horton Gets Absolutely Off His Box On Goon
Cold Mountain the elephant version.
Aww, they think they're people!
Imagine how horrid the farts of an elephant drunk off corn liquor must be.
Good on them
One time, I drank three chocolate martinis, and I’m pretty sure I looked like this.
This is my spirit animal
Thanks christ because this was at the top of my Reddit newsfeed and if I was looking at dead baby elephants while I’m trying to fall asleep I was gonna ...I don’t know, but It wouldn’t have been pretty!
Awww elephants fucking OD’d in a village
Is there a article or are these just two random elephants with a made up story
Fell asleep drunk, butt to butt with your bro nice
I do not envy you the headache you will have when you awake, but in the meantime rest well and dream of large elephants
Man.

How big is an elephant hangover?
they look like book-ends.
r/meirl
Is there a link ?
The hangover will suck
If this isn't a perfect life, I don't know what else is
Damn that’s fucked up yo look at where we r going it’s fucked
Nice they marinate themselves so easy now if you no what i mean.
I wanna wake up hung over in a tea garden! Luckyyy!!
0000Ooooooooootssssssss


Outs
They look so happy!!
Omg
Not buying it. How much wine would it take to get 14 elephants drunk? 

There are videos of bears invading apple farms, getting into the rotten apple pile and getting drunk.  Maybe fake, but funny.
Ola
I'd hate to imagine what you think 1 elephant looks like...
"Lenny?!"
Very cute
It happens to the best of us.
Light weights
Someone should paint their toenails.
They look dead.
The size of those things damn. I’ll never forget seeing them in real life. You know they are huge but when you actually see them in real life, you are just in awe. It’s pretty terrifying too. The most unexpected thing was how tall they actually were.
[Did you fall asleep, or did you pass out?](https://youtu.be/-CTKRc5XHaQ)
Those elephants totally knew. Totally knew.
I would not want to be there when they wake up with an Elephantine hangover.
Just fyi elepanats will ferment their own fruit to get a drink. They love drinking as much as people.
Can you imagine what their hangover is gonna be like. 🙈
That’s probably what I would do if I were an elephant.
This is the cutest picture.
Same
They are smiling now, but not after they wake up!!!!
It’s the Asian elephant version of going to an all exclusive resort.
This feels like a sign of the apocalypse.
Kg - wine ?
Shouldn’t it be litres
Butt hash for Reddit swine.  Censorship is wrong.
Typical behavior for the Chinese Party Elephant.
The title sounds so funny.
My heart stopped I thought they died. Then I read the title
This gives me life
TIL theres corn wine, maybe i should go try some too
Look at those big ol smiles haha
Aww why they look so tiny
Oh, you drunks.
They look so giddy
Omg sooo cute lol
are they okay
Then they never woke up because it turned out to be alcohol poisoning. And that’s how you get dead elephants
Then where are the Taco Bell wrappers? I’m calling BS.
They look super happy. 🥰
I love this. they look so smushy and cozy.
r/madlads
Looking nice have sweet dream.
.....or was it a patch of chamomile tea?
I love that they’ve got a huge smile while being so inebriated and asleep!! Makes me happy to know they enjoyed it as much as a human would.
u/copelandish
Looks like me when I’m passed out lol
*Henry Zabrowski guitar wail*
Is it weird that they look like babies to me?
Awww nothing.  Homie on the left looks like he's trying to sleep through a headache
Corn wine: Iowa’s next big export
They really are my spirit animal.
In Indian folklore elephants getting drunk is a trope
Story of my life
Thank goodness they're sleepy drunks. Literally any other kind would be bad news.
I cross my legs just like that when I sleep
That's not cute, they're assholes
And woke up in a tree with some crows.
Been there...
Can animals act like Texans? Just asking... I mean seriously... that is by far the most Texan thing I've ever seen or heard!
I'm happy for them.
So when 14 giant elephants do it, people find it cute. However, whenever I do this shit I get arrested for violating someone’s property... but they are cute...
That's how the wife and I end up sleeping after a night out...
they're such majestic creatures
I like how they are smiling
Look at them smiles!
One on the left is absolutely roasted, cute wee smile though.
these are the stories i need to hear right now, off to get some wine
they look like twins attached to the ground. or is it just me hallucinating again?
There goes them duke boys again.
I like the butt touching
drink drank ~~drunk~~ trunk
Go home yerrr drunk
Those are some passed out pachydermes
We’ve all been there.
30kg of corn wine... 

My elephant stumbles 40 rods drunk after drinking a hogs head of corn wine 

And that’s the way I likes it!!!!
r/AccidentalRenaissance
Nice
i needed this. thank you.
Ahh! See how smug they look!
They are smiling 😊
Why do I feel so related to this post? lol
Corn wine? Never heard of it before, bit I'm 50/50 on if that sounds awesome or terrible.
How did you get this picture of me?
I can't imagine snorting corn wine.
What a beautiful photo :)
Now that is what I call a party
There is a severe lack of 12 elephants I'm this picture
Can’t say I blame them. Cheers to them 🍷
How I’m tryna be right now
I like how their butts are green. Like they def fell down a few times into some tea leaves.
Wtf is corn wine
I've never seen sleeping elephant before and it's weird to think about that.
Haha
This is more awww when you don't think of the financial disaster to the town.
Corn wine?
What is corn wine? I didn't know that was a thing.
I literally thought they were dead when I was scrolling through. Was definitely relieved to read the title
That’s gonna be a great Seton Academy episode
Ha
This story made my whole night. Drunk ass elephants for the win.
Damn, as cute as thus is, its a huge loss for the villagers ...Hope they find a way to get rid of those elephants without killing it.
Did they get into any fights?
At first I thought the picture was about poachers or some shit... But turn out it Hangover 6:The Disney CGI "Live action" edition.
Plottwist: These are dead elephants that were poached in 94'
Feel good story of the day. Thanks for sharing!
Lol how cute
I thought this was about to be a story about two elephants that were killed hOLy my emotions did a 180
May be they were also trying to make the most of holidays
I thought they were dead at first and had seripus concerns
r/perfectfit
That one in the right looks exactly like me when I sleep. One knee up, big ol’ thighs, body sprawled diagonally, wrists/hands folded down..
Me too ya ain't special
Remember locals think of elephants as the enemy
So have we finally found something that an elephant will forget?
Awe they need food and drink tho :( somebody take care of them!!!!!!!
It’s /r/rimworld in real life!
what kind of idiot thinks you measure liquids in kg?
Do elephants have angry hangovers
Besta
Nap
ever
Oh my gosh this is so cute! They look so cuddly and happy! I love these sweet elephants so much! ☺️
Corn wine? I'd have some
Spring break shenanigans
Jujujujujujh daaaaww
Okay
Big noob
Pink elephants !
My kind of dudes.
If you're interested in more drunk wildlife, here's a clip from the movie [Beautiful People](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AIDJ-sTuoO8).
Pretty sure that would be 30L.
Corn wine? Is that different from whiskey?
Nice
Lookin happy af
The platonic bum-to-bum sleep.
Are this corn wine for sale?
A couple of buckets of Berocca & 100 Panadol in the morning & all will be well.
I wonder how bad an elephant hangover is. being a big ass thumpy creature with a headaches gotta be rough. atleast they can chug water like a champ
Was that bad for them are they going to be sick?
Give them some food.
This gives me comfort in these trying times. Thanks drunk elephants.
St. Patty's after party was lit!
Just Rimworld things
Let's hope they don't end up in the wet market. Do the rich like elephant?
My spirit animal
TIL you can make wine from corn.
Why poor people turn a blind eye to poachers.
The left one sees the Little Big video 🕺
They look like ovaries now hehe
Moon landing
Who measures fluid in kg?
Phew ok good cus at first glance that pic looks like theyre dead

Id rather them be drunk
My spirit animal
Me, on a typical Friday night.
Will they wake up with a baby in their closet, Mike Tyson’s tiger in their bathroom, and one tusk missing?
Corn wine?
The face on the left one! Looks like he's having a happy dream.
Damn alcoholic elephants passed out in the shrubbery again
Someone’s going to make a meme out of this
You try getting black out drunk in a field and see if your picture makes it to /r/all on this sub.
They gonna be hungover as fuckkkkk
I wish there was a video of when they were drunk walking around before the nap 😂😂😂
Dubbo alcohol acid trip anyone?
It's not quite the 14 werewolves I was hoping for, but I'll take it.
Never have I ever..... Seen an elephant laying down!
I'm pretty sure they're going to forget this.
I can’t express enough about how glad I am that this isn’t about dead elephants
Hangover achieved.
/r/likeus
Bruh the fkn smiles on their face though lmao
#goals
How does one learn this power
I am sure some dude has the same type of pic on his phone, sent it to his buddy saying "So bro, I got so drunk lastnight, blacked out and woke up next to these two.  What the fuck did I do."
They smiling
This isn't true, also Yunnan*
So used to bad news that I though these elephants were dead
Look at their little drunk grins!!
[it’s apparently a thing](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.livescience.com/amp/24678-is-every-single-elephant-a-village-wrecking-booze-hound.html)
Another win for Tiger Knee position, elephant approved
me too lol
I love them so much!!!
I thought that where dead at first and then I read the caption and what a rollercoaster of feelings
Ass to ass is the ideal sleeping position.
Andre the Giant is still not impressed.
these are the stories we need right now
They are both smiling
Well, I've never heard of corn wine before but I know some old boys that can make some fine liquor with it.
They both look super happy
NOT AWW, RATHER AWWWW SHIIIIIIIIIIIT!
