Vader is a handsome boy and I secretly hope he's a foster fail.   Thank you for taking him in.
That's a really good thing you did! Hopefully he gets to be your buddy further more than social distancing!
“Foster”
There's a GREAT company called Fluff&Tuff...if you foster a dog right now due to COVID, they'll send you a free toy for your foster...if you look them up on IG, the info for contacting them is there. Thanks for fostering!
Thank you, thank you for fostering.  Lack of homes to foster rescues is a problem point in the informal rescue network.  I hope all the wonderful people who have stepped forward to help in this crisis discover they love fostering!!
Along with all the other things, risking your heart is absolutely part of it!!  Knowing that & doing it anyway is one reason why I admire people who foster so much.
i'm Vader - i needed to 'shelter in place'

am trying so hard to stay out of your face

but Oh, so excited my friend brought me here!

it's hard, as a dog, but i can't get too near...

we practice the social - the distance we keep,

(can't  make any promise when you fall asleep  ;@)

cuz when you are tired, n lay down your head,

dear human -

I just might

*sneak up on your bed...*

❤️
Omg he's beautiful ♥️ give him a kiss on the nose for me! (Secretly hope he's a foster fail! His eyes say it all!)
How perfect is Vader?! I hope you foster fail like I did. Shes my best friend now. 

Thanks for being there for the doggo.
I predict that Vader will become a failed foster. You can tell he's hoping.
r/usernamechecksout
What a handsome guy! Thank you for doing something so selfless. Wishing you both all the best
No, I am your PAWther
Opened Reddit, saw this post, immediately sent in an application to my local shelter to foster. Thanks for posting this and bringing it to my attention. Not all heroes wear capes.
His eyes really tell it all ♥️
You can see all over his face what a big difference this has made in his life. Good job OP! Enjoy him.
IT’S TIME! IT’S TIME!
IT’S VADER TIME!
We adopted a yorkie named Obi last year. We since changed it to Kobe as it sounded like the former name.
he’s a happy boy, good job dude
In this I hope you fail, FOSTER FAIL!
He’s beautiful and such perfect timing. Animals need to be adopted now more than ever! I’m a cat foster and store closures means more cats going to more fosters that are already at capacity.
The cute is strong with this one
I read that one of the local shelters here is having free dog adoptions due to the "sudden increase in owner surrenders" and it made me sad... Your buddy looks pretty cute though and that cheered me up!
Your new ~~foster~~ dog.
Fixed it for you.
Unless you're considering adopting him, is there a link for his bio/adoption info? We've been looking into adopting recently and from what you've said so far he seems like such an awesome dog!!
As a shelter worker, thank you! You are awesome for using your time to welcome a new family member.
One of shelters here had to do this too. They put out the call to the public and ALL OF THEM GOT ADOPTED!  And they were also able to get 7 dogs and 5 cats from the shelter here in my city adopted too! They're closed to the public but are housing strays and lost pets who get picked up. The shelter is the Norfolk,Va Animal Care And Control.
I love this ♥️
Good luck with your future foster failure.
he looks sooo happy
This is wonderful ❤️

How long until he goes from foster pet to just pet?
Is he your father?
Bark Vader. The Force is strong with this one.
Looks like he's got a good personality. You'll have some good times together.
Just found out I'm working from home for two months so why not get another dog?

PS, I love Vader.
This is brilliant. Win-win-win-win. Shelter animals in foster homes. Check. Shelter workers staying safe and staying home. Check. Shelters saving funds and operational costs. Check. People having company during stressful time. Check.
I did the same thing! Now I live with pretty little [Dixie!](https://imgur.com/gallery/nifArlO) 110% chance of failure.
Hello WHS foster parent from WHS employee!! Thank you so much for taking him in!! We appreciate you more than you know!
Keep him
Should be named COVADER 😀
am i high or does he look rectangular
i couldn't foster would end up keeping to many dogs.
Why do I suspect you have a foster failure there? 💙
I hope his nickname is The Bedwarmer
"Foster"
Great name. There is none better
He's a keeper!
Thank you for saving him
He will protect you. Literally, because having pets can boost immunity.
I want him!
Without checking the accuracy of my memory, the expression looks so very much like the talking dog from one of my favorite youtube clips.

The one where the guy keeps telling the dog about amazing treats that he fed to the cat.
Awwww hes soooo cute 🥰 🥰 aww
Hi Vader! I’m Bow, it’s nice to meet you.
I like Vader. And he looks happy with that smile.
Thats so cute..my dog has the same eager look on his face when he looks at me
Vader is father in Dutch

Source: I'm dutch
He looks like Andy from Parks and Recreation.
Love him. So handsome!
The cuteness is strong in this one
A powerful good boy he will become
Beatiful boy
You should adopt him!! He looks so cute and when you stop fostering him' be will be sad to leave you!
you have a good friend, friend.
What a great idea! Thats gonna be one happy dog!
Congrats on your new pup! With a face like that you are sure to be a foster fail.
I love the name! Happy look in the pup’s eyes.
“Foster”

Good luck getting rid of *that* smile
Your buddy is a sweetie!  Just look at that face!
Thank you!!!!
What a sweetheart! Looks like your new best friend...
Such a sweet face!!
He looks like a good one. Big hugs Vader!
Your new foster failure....
Look at his face, OMG, he made me tear up. He looks so happy in here.
*join the bark side, luke*
Please tell us he ends up staying forever
If you ever see a red light and some whooshing noises at night, don't bother Vader, he's doing important work
Hunker down with someone who doesn't need toilet paper.  Smart.
Oh my...what a happy looking dog!
Just look at his face.

He is very glad that you take him home!
I spy with my little eye...a faster fail.
Muy guapo
The look on his face 🥺so happy to be with you
He looks so happy to be there!
Hey nice I have a lab named Anakin lol.
I hope you adopt him!
I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but most dogs don’t live long in foster care.

Meet your new dog.
Vader-you underestimate the power of the bark side
Adorable! Great name!
Is it just me or does Vaders face just scream I love you for taking me home??
He looks very happy
Looks like OP has a home invader
I fostered a dog named Vader too! We started fostering him in Oct.  2011...yeah, he's laying beside me right now! ❤
Foster homes are desperately needed right now across the country. Please reach out to your local shelters and rescues to find out how you can help. Many shelters are being forced to close their doors to adopters, owner surrenders and volunteers. If you absolutely can’t foster, please consider donating and share posts on social media. 

Homes that can take medium-large dogs, pitbulls and/or have no other pets are the most needed.
Oh you sweet summer child, she is but a “foster” friend. :)
A news article today said the World Health Organization recently declared that, because dogs are immune to Corvid 19, all should be released from quarantine.

The headline read "W.H.O. Let The Dogs Out".

😄
Dog Vader knows the truth
"I find your lack of pats...disturbing..."
OMG what a great idea! With so many people working from home now everyone can foster!
You're gonna fail so hard at fostering him
He looks like Doug from Up! to me
He's ready! And I'm guessing you will be a foster fail (he's so cute, I can't imagine sending him off)
Vader in Dutch means father.
I get that he is named that because of star wars, but to a Dutch person it just sounds really really weird.
Looks more like a Luke to me.

Great time to adopt though. Being together a lot at the beginning really helps! Be sure to leave the house alone sometimes though and prove that you'll always come back to avoid separation anxiety when you have to go bark to your regular routine.

*I meant back but I'm leaving it.
Holy shit, I have your dog's doppelganger!

Oskar! https://imgur.com/gallery/JrIKoxf
What an awesome way to help out with this whole mess. Bless you.
I wish they would Foster here, they're just closed and the workers just check on the pets during the day limiting who comes in.
Um ya...you’re going to end up that dogs hooman
happy days! Funnily enough, our foster just got adopted today! (I cried for hours)
Ugh. A foster sounds like a great idea right now.

I wish I had room! 

Thank you so so much for fostering!!!!
Adopt him
Oh geez. I’d already be a foster fail
Thank you so much for adopting! I work at a shelter and a lot of shelters are getting overrun with animals right now.  People are relinquishing their animals because they are scared, or the few shelters that are still open are getting overrun because other locations are closed.  These animals will make your quarantine time much better and you will also be helping out the community significantly - as well as saving a life.
It is still a lifelong commitment, but if you’ve been thinking about getting a pet, there are many who need you right now.
My social distancing buddy bit me today.
Must. Keep. Him.
Awww... I adopted a quarantine cat. I wonder if a lot of people are doing this.
I would die for Vader
Your a daddy congratulations
I have that rug. That dog is not on mine. I'm going to return it for another.
OH IT'S TIME, IT'S TIME, IT'S VADER TIME!
I pick up my social distancing buddy (foster dog) tomorrow! He is my first foster and I'm so anxious and excited to meet him.
Wait they are clearing out? Can anyone tell me more?
What a precious, wonderful boy
Those are some happy/hopeful eyes. That dog is gonna imprint on you like a mother trucker.
Please be patient with him. I had to teach my rescue everything. Didnt even know not to pee and poo in the house. The first time he saw a ceiling fan he flipped out and trampled my teenage son trying to get it. Now he's the best boy ever and sleeps on my bed, gets on with the cat, everything. Took a little while tho. Best of luck to you both!
I truly hope you fail as a foster ♥️.
Look at that smile.
"social distancing buddy"
That's gotta be the most oxymoronic thing I've ever seen
So cute
Yeah he looks like he’s staying ☺️
You better adopt that beautiful pup if you can!
My best boy Vader crossed the rainbow bridge last October. 

I wish you two nothing but the best in your journey together. Bless your heart for rescuing such a beautiful pup.
Well hello there, Vader. You're a nice pup. Pet pet, scratch scratch, rub rub.
That, looks like a very good boy.
ur keeping him
I hope you become a foster failure cause this dude is showing you so much love
"If you only knew the POWER of the *bark* side!"
he’s gorgeous and I love him

also can I just say he has an enviable smile
I'm adopting a lil guy tomorrow!! #QuarantineBuddy
He seems like an eager dog. I think this will work out very well.
I offered to foster a cat that had been at the shelter for about 5 months now. I had a feeling about her. She was so shy she never came out of her cage, and so she got overlooked. She’s been on my lap since the minute she came home. Best isolation buddy ever. (I had to put my cat Louise to sleep on Monday, and while I didn’t want to move on this fast, I just had to help.)
Meet my new dog, Vader. Fixed it for you 🥰
Thank you for fostering and not immediately adopting. I was already dreading the end of your title but was pleasantly surprised. Thanks again
Oh you're 100% gonna foster fail. Look at him!!
Caramel nugget!
That dog is not going anywhere. Don't fool yourself. I work at a shelter and that's why I don't foster.
He looks so happy!!
Boop
That smile is so damn adorable!
This is officially the most wholesome content I've seen all day 🤗
Only make sure he don't get the Highground...
He's very adorable. 

Edit: What dog breed is he?
Thank you for fostering!! What a beautiful way to bring both of you companionship.
Haha "foster" dog, yeah right. Look at that smile!!!
Is he your father? Or is that impossible?
If you really want to keep people away, you’re going to have to get an uglier dog.
hes a lucky boi  be safe
I don't think Vader will be a foster much longer and be part of your family.
Hes phenonenal.
What happened to dogs who weren't adopted?
Say hi to Vader for me!
With that face, you are going to fail SO GOOD at being a foster ♡
I want you to foster fail so that we see more of Vader
You fail that foster. You fail it good.
Keep him!! He’s adorable and clearly loves you already
ADOPT. ADOPT RIGHT NOW. <3
You keep that dog you hear me. He is the best boy and deserves a good home!
Also smart to have some fresh meat on hand if things really start to churn.
Good for you for fostering an adult dog! Most of these posts are assholes with breeder pups. Wishing you and Vader the best.
Congrats on the newest addition to the family!
Remember, a dog is for life, not just for isolation
Dude that's awesome, you can just see it in his eyes how much he already loves you! Great find and even better name!
That’s definitely a failed foster. Look at that face
Lucky hooman!
Cute ass dog. Love the color on his fur
Foster?  Clearly you do not understand the situation.  You are his now.    


Congratulations he looks like a great pup.
You're a good lad son
Thank you for giving him a good home! His name means father in my language
BLESS YOU for taking a foster in ❤️❤️❤️ You are a hero!!
Vader is adorable!!
part of me hopes he gets adopted by you, it's just so hard to resist a cuuuuute face like that haha
What a wonderful and amazing thing you did!! You made a really good choice!! Enjoy your new family member! Stay safe!
He’s gorgeous. My first foster stayed 14 years and my current temporary guest has been here 8 months. Totally recommend it!
Bet he’s such a good boy! Just look at that face!
I just adopted my dog on Sunday! Took her home Monday after getting fixed so she’s in quarantine with me until her incision heals.
Have you ever had a pet before? I would love to foster but I’ve never had a pet so I don’t know if I’d be a good animal parent haha
Aww, my local shelter did the same thing. I took in a German Shepherd.
He is beautiful.
My pups name is Kylo!
What a cutie!
I love your rug. And congratulations on your new buddy!
I, too, have adopted a dog.
You’re wonderful !
Needs to be a foster fail
Thank you for fostering!!! It’s so tough trying to find a foster for rescue
He’s cute what breed?
He's beautiful!! I hope you can give him a forever home. 😉
LOVE HIM
He's beautiful and looks so happy! 🐶
He looks like an Anakin to me. You know, before he turned to the dark side.
Keep him away from the rebel scum
I hope you foster fail. What a beauty.
Love this!
Vader means Father in Dutch. Cool name for a dog.
You must confront  Vader!
He’s a good boy!  You’re going to have a great time together
You are amazing! Thank you! Thank you!
Good for you !!! Enjoy your new best friend!!!
Thanks so much for being a puppy parent! Its so hard to get them adopted! 💖😊
😘❤️👍
Thank you for this. I’ve been concerned about people knee jerking and adopting pets for the moment or the gram. But it sounds like you made an informed and loving decision to take this on. Have a wonderful time with Vader!
He looks like he has human teeth
Awesome!!! And Congratulations and cute puppy
I want to adopt a dog but our shelter has closed and no one returned my calls. :(
You should adopt Vader, they seem to be a very good doggo. :)
awwwwwww Pat him on the head for me
Impressive

Most Impressive
Ooooh keep that handsome boy!
He's completely adorable and beautiful. Thanks for doing this. I'm secretly hoping he's a foster failure. ;-)

I've had one or two of those myself over the years. Foster failures are the best.
Thank you for fostering!!! 🐕❤
The force is strong with him
Hes like, family, I have a home.

Theres certain smiles that rescue dogs have, nearly as if they know you saved them, and he has it.

Please please after this is all over, make sure he isnt going back into an unhappy situation?
Ohhhh how sweet my dog Luna came from the shelter looked simalar to that dog.They are the best dogs. I enjoyed 13 years with her.
So are both cats and dogs sure not to be able to catch it? I might...do something
He’s perfect keep him
Hi, Vader! You look like a Very Excellent Best Boy.
Omg what a sweet boi.
Yayyyy!
I really hope this is a foster fail!!!
I know that look, that dog is in love with you.  Good job :)
Enjoy your new adopted pup!
I never even realized that with everyone being stuck home now is the perfect time to adopt a pet and get that initial bonding time in.
Omg Vader is so cute holy guac.
Come to the bark side, we have milk bones
We will watch your growth with great interest
I know this comment will probably be buried, but thank you for fostering!! My greatest treasure (my cat) is from a shelter, and if my apartment complex would allow, I would foster another kitty. You are the best kind of human.
He is a wee beauty 😍 Good on you for fostering a shelter dog, my two dogs were adopted from our local shelter three years ago and it was the best thing we ever did, watching them go from shy and timid to being super excited to see you or spend time with you is amazing. Give him all the belly rubs & love 💜
Good bubba
Cool name!
I feel like we are going to see the name Covid start to pop up for our pets and future babies from this social distancing era began
*LORD* Vader
Awww look at his mafuckin paws!
I think he's gonna be a keeper💞
This is so sweet. Glad you've found a friend amidst the crisis. Glad you found each other.
Are you in California? I need this boy omg cuteness!!
THIS dog is perfection and I’m jealous. Love.
You are a hero, look at that good boy
Good for both of you!
I’M IN LOVE IM IN LOVE I DON’T CARE WHO KNOWS IT
When will he receive the title of “Darth”?
Not all hero’s wear capes, hero’s like you are awesome for doing this and helping.
 Welcome to the Bork side
Let’s face it. He’s not a dog you simply Foster. He’s a dog you adopt
What a handsome boy
SQUARE boy
Hi there
"foster", we'll see about that by the end of this virus haha!
Oh he will bite the butt of Covid.
No way I could foster, I'd have a zoo lol
Wait what happens to the animals who don’t get adopted then
I could never give back
What a nice boy with dainty little feet!
does he make vader breathing sounds?
Wow, that looks just like my dog. She's a formosan from Taiwan.
Thank you for fostering this handsome boy.
Nice
He is clearly already extremely happy, I’m sure he’d love for you to be his owner
Omg how is this a foster?! I’m just staring at him and I’m in love!!! ❤️❤️❤️ My three dogs and him would probably get along so well uuugggghhhhhhh puppers
Dogs did coronavirus confirmed
My rescue dog is asleep next to me on the floor while I watch a re-run of WrestleMania 20. Seeing this picture made me kiss him on the head. Thankyou for this beautiful picture my dude/lady :)
Awww. I hope you keep him.
Hell of a name. I’m in healthcare and communicating with my uncle, a pulmonologist in critical care, who is telling me what to expect going forward. My facility performs elective procedures and is probably going to close tomorrow. I’m trying to amp myself for the possible fight ahead. This lifted my mood so thanks.
You're so lucky... I called yesterday for my stepsons birthday to adopt and all shelters are closed here in Quebec :(
Hi! I work at a shelter and we are thinking about getting the animals out to foster too. What did your shelter tell you to do for medical concerns? Like, what happens if Vader starts vomiting, what do you do? Thanks for letting me know. And thanks for being a great foster!!
Hide the younglings!! Jk, cute pup.
You mean your new dog 🥰
Thanks so much for fostering. A lot of shelter animals are going to be euthanized as a result of this pandemic, it’s heartbreaking on top of everything else. But I’m so glad Vader has found a safe place. You’re a real one, OP.
Keep him pls
I could never foster an animal because I would grow too attached to them.
The Sniff Lord. Arff Vader.
Vader I am his father
That looks like pretty good company.
You’re newly adopted little boy is so cute.
he’s so cute!!
I find your lack of treats... disturbing.
His smile is just perfect!
As someone who works at a shelter, thank you. Seriously thank you. We were fortunate enough to place all of or animals into foster since we're a smaller shelter. The other much larger shelter in the area is still struggling to find fosters. Thank you to everyone who took in all of the fur babies!
r/Squishdapuppy
That’s a foster fail if I have ever seen one
Wish I could foster but I still have to go to work 😔
Looks just like my dog Leia :D
Great dog, great name. Have an updoot!
Aww, Vader, what a handsome fellow.
Do you realize you’re fostering Doug from UP???
 what you meant to write is everybody "meet my new permanent dog and best friend Vader"
Perfect!!
Hmmm looks more like a Luke
ugh you're so lucky! I have been begging my husband for a fur baby but he won't let me because we work a lot.

So nice of you to foster a puppy! Good for you! This makes me so happy to see.
Luke, I am your Foster...
[deleted]
Dogs are going to be so happy over the next several weeks as their humans get to spend so much time with them!
our foster dog just had 10 puppies. once i get a good pic, I will post it.
OMG Vader looks like so much fun!!!! "Throw the ball again"!!
I hope you fail 😁
Awwww I got a shelter dog named bullet
Shit, I want to do the same thing, but it would have to be a relatively small dog that will not bark at all. Do most dogs bark? My landlord would make me bring the poor dog back immediately if it was a barker and I would be heartbroken if that happened.
How wonderful. Please be patient. Not that at your won’t. So much vulnerability now. What a sweet and hopeful face. Luck and love to you both.
Nice.
IT’S TIME!! IT’S TIME!! IT’S! VADER! TIME!
He's gorgeous! Congrats on saving a life that will save someone else's!
Nice
looks like a chewer
Lucky you! And him!
Looks like a lottery win
No way that's too much how can you not keep him
Hell, I’d be a foster failure too if I had a cute pup like that. My two butthole beagles keep me on my toes so we can’t do a foster again until they get right with themselves.
Keep him forever.
So cute
How adorable! Be sure not to leave him alone with the younglings though.
I read that as Vector and was about to upvote
I tried to use this quarantine as an excuse to get a dog, my girlfriend was not amused
Hi Vader! You look like the best buddy.
r/usernamechecksout
The only thing you’re fostering is a lifelong bond of loyalty and happiness.
Fabulous
Such a great name!
HIS HEAD IS SO SQUARE I love him, tell him I said so.
Hi Vader!
Op literally went to the shelter and said camehereforthedogs.
Foster?  More like new best friend!
Good for you. Always get a shelter dog. Save them all.
Omg he’s so sweet
Brilliant idea. This needs to go viral.
I just applied to foster!
Omigosh- what a cutie!
Wow he’s beautiful
Awww Darth Foster.
Aww - a foster dog named Vader (upvotes)... opens post - dog not black... (fights need to downvote)
Great job. It may not be easy, but hang in there, it will get easier.
Aww he’s so handsome!!!
Is he the goodest boy or the goodestest boy? Congrats on the best decision of 2020! I wish everyone would rescue. Mine is coming up in his 1 year home-aversary and i could not be happier. 

Good job.
I love him so much.
Omg he is Adorable
Thank you for fostering!
What a handsome good boi! I think he needs to “fail” and stay with you — he looks so happy!
The awesomeness is strong with Vader 👍
Now his son is going to destroy the empire
Awww.  Here’s to many hours of play and fun 💕
You should keep him!! Or her!!! Or it !!
Hi human! What are we going to next?!
Good times ahead!
I love the name :)
Omg are they tri-pawed?!
That’s a good lookin pup!
Keep the good boi
LOOK HOW FULL OF LOVE THOSE EYES ARE.
Fostering is hard because you fall in love lol. All the best with your new dog.
COVID-19 is a plot by *Big Rescue* to boost pet adoptions. Knew it. Case closed ladies and gents.
thats a pretty baby
Does foster mean you don't adopt ?
Awww he has so much love in his eyes for you!
Beautiful buddy !
As a shelter worker, thank you.....and wish me luck I'm bring my first foster home tomorrow
maybe this will help people realize how god damn great animals are
Dawwww
Vader... Darth Vader
Thank you for fostering!! It’s so appreciated, but especially at this time! Vader is super cute too 😊
Well Vader looks like he’s just the sweetest lul good boy there is. Yes he does. Yes he does. I see his cute lil proper stance and that happy smile. He’s a lul handsome gentleman. Does he wanna go outside? I bet he does. Cause he’s just the best lil man. 

For real though, you did a great thing. We need more folk like you and more puppers like Vader because he’s just the best lil good boy there is. Yes he is.
Our shelter is clearing out all dogs as well. It's terrifying to me. Where are you located?
[deleted]
He looks like a very well mannered guy.
I wish to give head pats
Hi ya Vader
Ahhhhh look at the puppy! I see the love in his eyes!
I’d be a foster fail with that face!
LUKE I AM YOUR FATHER -Vader
Damm you! I just woke up from a dream that I owned a dog!! Why do you have to open these fresh wounds
Hi Vader, have you turned your new human to the cute side?
Ani*
Bless you, you magnificent foster human.

Wishing you a foster fail! :)
he's cute, looks like some kind of lab mutt
A fucking good ass boy.
Haha, what a name

*Vader*
That’s my dog WTF YOU STOLE MY DOG!!!
There is no way I could spend any more than a few minutes with a dog with that face and not put myself down for an official adoption permanently. I hope he has found his forever home with you because he looks like he wants to call himself home but is unsure if he can yet.
Tell him Luke said hello.
Don’t ever return him! He is the goodest boy already!! ❤️❤️❤️
DAYUM
You of course mean your new dog Vader.
Vader looks like he/she's home, and he/she's happy he/she's there!
Thats a good boy/girl there
Damn that’s a handsome one. He has better teeth than I do! Take good care of him :)
He legit looks like a real happy buddy to have rn. Good job
This is amazing. ❤️❤️❤️
Those are the eyes of a keeper!
Wait are the adoption fees cheaper? 😬 I've always wanted a dog
YOU and I BOTH know he ain’t going back. Look at him, you wouldn’t, you couldn’t, no way, no how, not today, not now.
This dog has lots of love in his eyes for you.
Be sure to bathe him right away too.
Missed the chance to call him COVID Bryant
Holy smokes, he looks like a keeper!
tooooooo cute not to keep!
Look at that big smile tho
If this isn’t a perfect time to adopt I don’t know when is!!!!!
I want a Vader to social distance with
Awesome
It's time, it's time, it's Vader time! Love your new pup dude.
Please keep him OP :( hims so sweet
Ha he’s awesome!! Good for you!
What a little sweetie!!!
I work at a shelter. THANK YOU!!!
Look at that smile!!
Play times the best time! I hope you foster fail like me haha
That face looks like a foster “fail” if i have ever seen one. Might as well just start saying you adopted him :)
Omggggg how cute!!
Thank you for fostering during this wild time!
Handsome boy!!!!!
Wait sorry my brain is catching up, do you mean clearing out like killing those that weren’t adopted?
That face is toooo cute!

A pal for the end of the world
He is adorable! Just look at that smile. 😁
Adorable.
Good for you man! This is awesome to see!
He looks like a keeper!
So adorable
Yay for new fosters!
Man, I’ve been wanting to get a dog for so long now, but my current apartment doesn’t allow for them.  If this had happened 6 mo from now I’d be graduated and have a pound pup of my own.

Now I guess it’ll depend on when I have gainful employment, so it could be a lot longer...
lol I’ve totally known a few human dudes with that face.

They’re chill as hell, always positive, supportive, never judge you, and you find yourself telling them really personal stuff before you even know them very well because they‘re great listeners. Some of them have good advice, but even when they don’t it doesn’t matter because they just hear you and see you and are in it with you.
So you are Vaders father.
Omg his Adorable.😁❤️🐾
That’s awesome, he looks stoked.
Impressive. Most impressive.
Hope he finds a forever home.🙂🙏🐶🐾
I hope you and Vader have so much fun!
Kickass name.
I’ve never seen another dog named Vader til now! My old black lab’s name was Vader. He was a rowdy and crazy lab, but he was a love bug when he got older. Miss him. Give this Vader lots of chin scritches from me!
What a handsome boy. Good boy
Sweet face!
Good on you but man, how could you not keep him! He's perfect.
you better adopt that dog
My pups named Vader too lol
Thank you so much for doing this! I work in my county’s municipal shelter in the foster department. You opened a kennel for a dog with nowhere else to go and you are awesome. ♥️
Hi Vader! You're a gorgeous pup! ♥️🐶
A social distancing buddy should not look so friendly. Good luck keeping people away.
Oh it's time, it's time, it's Vader Time, Time Time... 😍😍😍
OP’s a good boi. Or girl.
Yeah food is always helpful
 Vader is a cutie ... glad your found him to foster 💙
Thank you for sharing that cute face from a fellow WHS foster-er!
He looks more like a forever buddy!
Gorgeous pup! I have two foster fails at home 💜
That’s awesome and wholesome. Best of luck to you and your buddy!
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️^❤️
The wholesome content we need! 🙌😍
nice
Vader looks like a excited doggo!
Damn, I'm so jealous. I tried fostering in my area but apparently there are literally more fosters than dogs. Which is great...I guess...
He looks so happy and hopeful.
What a cutie, he will be good company.
Awe
I didn’t even think about the shelters :’(
So happy for you and your new BF 😍😍😍
Vader  must  stay  forever...
He has great teeth.
Thats a cute buoy!
Dogs can’t spread the virus. That’s basically God making sure we stay mentally healthy.
Good on you
Love that face
Yesssssss adopt don’t shop my friend! Welcome to dog parenthood!
Awesome
Now you have to keep him. I don't make the rules.
He's so handsome, look at that smile
Soon to be permanent buddy?
Join the Bark side
i need a video off him being pet right now, dm, imgur, i dont care, now
Dood looks like he’s ready for a heckin adventure
Cute little Anakin
Whats your cellphone model?
Vader? You mean Vader your dog forever? ;)
Vader is perfect <3
I always recommend doing foster-to-adopt if you're not sure too! Every reputable shelter around me will let you home trial potential adoptees for a couple of weeks before finalizing the adoption. It can suck returning the animal if they don't work out but the shelter holds a spot for them until you decide. Also great if you fall in love with a animal that hasn't been medically cleared yet. My new kitty had been on a hold for 2 months because he needed expensive diagnostics but when I said I wanted to adopt him we did a foster-to-adopt and got him all the testing at a heavily discounted cost through one of the shelter's programs. He cost me $300 in vet bills as a foster but his testing would've been $1000+ if I'd just adopted him straight off.
Wow what a handsome dog . Don’t be surprised if he becomes a permanent foster :).
Hope you keep him after the crisis
Hate to break it to you but Vader looks like a Vector. So damned cute everyone is going to want to pet him and something tells me he not into social distancing. Nice looking guy.
Such a handsome lad
She's gorgeous... gorgeous I say. Isn't she? hmmmmm? She looks at home hmmmm? Edit 
He
Vader is a cool name. I'm gonna steal it
What a wonderful idea. I hope more people do this. The Humane Society waves all adoption fees for senior citizens, too.
14/10
Wow!! Congratulations. Honestly, the best time to have a dog. They haven't restricted us from walking our dogs yet so my pup is my excuse for getting fresh air every day. I'm grateful for mine every day because she reminds me to keep shit normal in this crazy time. Enjoy!!
I picked up a foster puppy and I am having the hardest time with her!
Soo cute! Good for you!
Username checks out
That’s awesome!
I love him already
Adorable!  😍🐕💙
The smile says it all!!!!! 😍😍
Cute
Hello Vader
Such a handsome fellow!
Vader is handsome and I love your rug!! I need it.
I hope yall can look after him AFTER this pandemic. Getting a dog because you're bored at home is not smart.
I think you mean a new family member
That dog will poop on your pillow and you won't care because of how cute he looks!
I could never foster because I couldn’t watch them be disappointed if they thought they found a home and then had to go back.  Once they show up, they couldn’t go back.
What a cute doggo.
Thank you!
Ooooooh!  I just put in my foster application today.  I'm excited.
Rise Lord Vader!
he already looks so happy to be with you, that’s a good sign!
If there's ever a perfect time to adopt a pupper, it is now.
Oh my god I have your dogs sister
You mean your new apprentice?
Keep
Tbh he looks mischievous in the cutest way
The force is strong in this one...
Omg look at that happy face. What a sweet baby.
Thank you so much for doing this you rock!!
Very handsome!
 What a good boy!
he’s so precious!!
So handsome
Love him/her. Such bright eyes and so happy to have a home. Thank you for fostering. I hope you end up keeping him/her if you're able to.
He looks just like my dog which I got from a shelter. I know everyone says this about their own dog, but I won the friggin lottery. Very happy and proud of my dog. He was a bit of work for the first bit but he is better than A1 and Vadar looks like he could be a very close breed/mix
Awesome
Awesome
Great name
The force is strong with this one.
Is your carpet in the Matrix?
He is adorable! Mine is also named Vader
Qq
How does an animal this amazing get abandoned? 
How could you not love that face?
I need him right now.
New foster? Looks like you misspelled goodest boy forever. You’re going to have a hard time giving back such a cutie when this is all over.
OH he is so adorable :) That face.
Awwww such a good boi 
Never leave him, it will broken your hearts.
So cool!
I tried to foster today but my local shelters are adopt only... so sad!
Hi Vader!!!
This really helps me just relax and enjoy the little things and keeps my mind off all the chaos happening right now 😃🙂
“So, you’re saying, I get to sleep in your house, and eat your food?”

“No, you get to sleep in *your * house, and, eat *your * food.”
Vader is also the name of our Mini Schnauzer :) if names aren’t any indication, then Vader will be a great dog for you!!
You got a nice snack if you get hungry while quarantined.
Your dog can get it too.
You know vader means father right?
He has the face of a foster fail
Lol that’s your dog now
This is the happiest face I’ve seen all day!
Awww! What kind eyes he has!
I say this with a sincere goodness intent - I hope you foster fail. From the dog's stance, he could certainly use some more upper-belly scratchies and a few snoot boops.
Awwww he is friendly I bet is he?
he looks so happy!
He’s adorable
Do you know the breed/mix? Looks exactly like my dog, she’s kind of an unknown mix.
If you don’t adopt him so help me god
His face!! Look at that handsome face!
Yooooo, that good boy is going to get so many walks. He looks so stoked
"For all you Vader haters out there, we blow your planet up!"
Clearing out....so what happens to all the animals!?
Now everytime is Vader Time.
Love this!  Hello puppers.
If there is any good news from this it's that people are getting pets to keep them company, I hope that all the dogs and cats get homes now and forever.  Don't send them back afterward.
Nice
What a great time to adopt!! Great job!
Vader is the goodest if bois!! 🥰
What a great time to adopt!! Great job!
You two are going to be best friends by the end of this.
My first dog's name was Vader! What a good boy!!!
Plague protection +100
Hope you are a foster fail and he becomes your furrever friend. He’s a kind soul, you can see it in his eyes.
I ❤️ Vader 🦮
Does anyone else think this dog looks exactly like Joe Biden?
His eyes are hypnotic... No, wait... He's using the Force to control my mind... Yessss, let's play ball, Vader... Yesss, let's go for a walk...
Aw he’s adorable! I hope you give him lots of cuddles
Oh what a sweet face!
I have a black German Shepherd named Vader!
Does he like sand?
Strange way to write. I adopted this fury handsome gentleman today.
r/CoronaGoals cuz I am also 100% thinking of fostering a dog, too!!! I want my own isolation buddy
My god he’s cute
You are *so* keeping that dog lol
Look at those eyes 🥺
That's a Luke if I've ever seen one LOOKS AT HIS FACE
What a ridiculously photogenic dog! He's beautiful and I love him
vader is beautiful
You are about to become a foster failure. That dog is way too cute to give back.
What a cutie!
I find your lack of Beggin Strips disturbing.
He looks like he is a good boy!
Awww he has such a cute smile!
🥺🥺
He’s reporting for duty with a happy disposition!
He is so cute. What type of dog is it, & what is his name?
Omg what a wonderful thing to do right now. Do you happen to know if they are still fostering out pups?
You! I like you ❤️ and I like him too
Here’s my rescue, also named Vader https://i.imgur.com/nX5F0q7.jpg
Sweet guy
Eeee!! SO CUTE!
The best idea 😍😍😍
That’s my cats name.
Dogs are peoples.  Good job
I poster 1 dog and 1 cat
Oh no no you’re mistaken, you go a social distancing partner for life.
Username checks out.
Cutie
So they could in theory, be foster fathering vader
Lord vader it seems in your cuteness you killed them .... Nooooooooooo!!!
Please keep him. That smile needs to happen every day!
Awwwww. You must keep him he looks so happy!!
Hi I love you
My wife wants to know where you got your rug, /u/camehereforthedogs
That's awesome
It’s time!!!! It’s time!!! It’s Vader time!!!!!
Dang man, what do you mean by clearing out ?
How do you get into fostering?
I love him... so cute.
He is adorable. Hopefully he gets a great home!
What breed is that?
OMG he looks so happy 😂
There's so much happiness in his eyes!
Pet Lord Vader for me
Awww good luck and stay healthy!
He looks so grateful
#The Chosen One#
He got those Coraline eyes
Oh that’s a good pupper
Little dude!!!❤
Very sweet of you
Cool
sweet puppy roo
How long until harvest
Daw!....I mean aww.
That face!! A keeper. Thanks for helping out!!
Thank you 💜
aww he’s a precious boi
How was Vader in a shelter in the first place?! That face is way too sweet/cute.
Despite how much I love that smile and his energy, but i gotta ask "Whats with such peculiar choice of name?" 🤔
Seems like more of a “Jar Jar”
I like this dog
What a gorgeous boy!
I would take all of them if I could
Your going to go through the germpocalypse with Vader. I bet he becomes a failed foster <3 Keep us updated on his progress and congrats on your new roomie.
adorable! i think you are gonna end up keeping him
this dog is the best and you had better keep him forever
Vader looks like the goodest boy of the group. Excellent choice of social distancing buddy
Does your name happen to be Sheev Palpatine?
*Arf* Vader?
Vader is the reason I would fail as a foster. 100%.
Oh my god I love him so much
We don’t deserve dogs.
Foster, you mean soon to be new family member :-P
Darth days are ahead.
He's a cute fellow! Looks like he's be a cheerful companion for these tough times.
Bark Vader
My heart has melted. SO PRECIOUS!!!
I’ll be damned if that isn’t the most beautiful dog I’ve ever seen.
Vader has the kindest eyes, he is going to make a great buddy!
So you named your dog daddy
I wish we could help out too. But we've already got 4 dogs living here. I am sad for all the cats that will probably be put down.
What an angel!
😍
He’s gonna be your best new friend
Vader is such a cutie!!! No way anyone could feel bad about being away from other humans when they have this guy to snuggle!
Beautiful smile!
Please keep him :)
Well son ,in the hieght of the Corona situation they were cleaning out the kennels and that's where we got you.
loveeee this!!!
r/dogtraining
Haha he's your foster father to any German speakers.
Omg I love him
He will make a powerful ally.
My cat's name is Sidious. I bet he could teach Vader about the wonders of the dark side! Has he ever heard the story of Darth Plagueis the Wise..?
Keep the dog !!! He’s so cute
I want to take him home with me!  I love dogs!
He looks so sweet!
Hi friend !
LOVE THIS!!!!
You better keep p that puppy.
His eyes and smile are adorable
What a sweet smile
I would've expected to find you holding Vader's leash
How convenient would it be if he came pre-installed with the coronavirus
He's so hopefully and excited!
The force is strong with this one
It's the dark lord of the sith
