“...why are you....mmmm scratches, ok...proceed, as I fall back to sleep...”

-blanket cat
r/tuckedinkitties
Good thing you didn't accidentally sit on it
For those who are wondering his name is Po and we think he is a Russian Blue mix. Beautiful cat with the weirdest personality. I think he has taken a liking to me :)
Use electric blankets, they use very little power compared to electric heaters. You can even find electric blankets that plug into car 12v socket, and that shows how little power they use
I often build little blankie forts for my furball when I go to work.
Must have been a furrnace under that blanket !
I literally said aww out loud.
I’ve discovered the joys of electric blankets! If I was a cat I’d be all over (and under) that action
That cat clearly loves and trusts you so much! Woken up from a hiding place, and immediately offers up the belly
I was very poor for a long time, never homeless, but very poor. My dog, now 11 years old, was my main source of heat for a long time. We'd huddle under a sleeping bag together because I couldn't afford heat. Now I can afford to sleep naked. I still keep my house at <60°F because that's what I'm used to. And now that my dog is old, he needs more warmth so we still cuddle in cold weather.
Has almost the same milk mustache as my Harry!
Umm, is your cat the type that miiight have a secret second family...?

Meet Mario. 
https://imgur.com/a/p82wNOP
Aw that's precious
Life hack, if you can't find the cat just place one Xbox 360 in the corner of your room and it'll keep the temp around 73 degrees in less time than it takes to load Skyrim.
PLEASE TUCK HIM BACK IN
He looks very comfortable
[Our cats are almost twinsies! ](https://imgur.com/eR9vLqk)
My little Chloe used to do this much of the day every day.

We nicknamed her "the lump." She was the lump in the bed.

She died suddenly at just 4. That was 10 years ago and my heart is still broken.
My cat loves to sleep under covers
How do cats and dogs breathe under thick blankets when I can't! Always need some kind of opening to breathe.
Next time your cat is missing (s)he's at my place 

https://imgur.com/a/qJ7qQ1K
My cat would live under the covers if he could! We have to keep the bedroom door shut during the day so he can't get the sheets all hairy.
I see your kitters also makes air biscuits. My youngest does it too!
I know it has been warm (depending where you live) recently but, keep your house warm enough for your pipes trust me you'll be spending more money than you would for heat.
I’m sorry you have to cut back on heating to save money. I really wish the corporates could be a little less heartless and allow for ppl to be comfortable during this quarantine period. 

I hope you’re doing ok.
My cat looks exactly like that so oh buddy boy was I both concerned and confused on how he somehow got into a reddit post in someone else’s house lol
Hot water bottles do wonders (kitties also!)
What breed of cat are these?
Stop you're letting the heat out
My cat would swat me into next week if I touched her while she’s waking up. Too cute!

Edit I spelled cat as car lol
That sucks that people have to live in the cold due to the government falling short
Gorgeous cat too
That is a beautiful kitty.
I'm kinda lucky I live in Sri Lanka tbh. Government has already announced massive relief efforts to support the lower to middle class. Including, time to pay uyility bills, loans, leasing, credit card payments. And they took measures quickly before things went out of control. We are on lockdown. But we feel safe than most other countries.
Brave, going straight for the bellyrub with no foreplay.
That’s one of the cutest cats I’ve ever seen. My goodness. I bet his tummy fluff was all nice and warm, too.
Aww I love gray & white kitties. My gray & white kitty looks almost exactly like yours and he does that exact same thing when I go to give him pets when he's very sleepy, except his cheeks & chin are entirely white & he has pink nose.


He has that same fluffy white belly though! So soft
[Do we have the same cat??](http://imgur.com/a/Nfgi5CO)
Cute cat but can we talk about that jacket/sweater you're wearing?
[removed]
Awww! ❤️🥰
The furball had a nice warm place to sleep but decided it was okay to be bothered because he was getting belly scratches and pets. Love it. 😍
Our cat does this daily.
I forget my cat does this sometimes and I end up accidentally laying on her
You couldn't keep the cats off it, back when I used to have a heated waterbed.
That’s a cute cat!
Recommended: Snuggle cat for mutual warmth
His nose has a white smudge and his little paws have a gray smudge! I love him
This is my cat! Who’s in my house??
Those white feets!  I love them.  My cat has em too.
User name checks out.   Stepped in some foodly goo this morning myself.
Mine used to start scratching me if I went near his belly like that. Fuckin bastard.
r/bedlumpin would be a good place to post this
Cats love being found.
Look at that shrimp!
It puts the covers back on the cat, after scritches of course......thank you hooman.
Hehehe, I found my kitty like this one, too! Ever since, she's been my fluffy little bump.
I miss my cats 😢 such a cutie!
I wanna be a cat so bad
This cat looks amazingly like a cat that we lost a year and a half ago. Same mustache and everything.
Love the half 'stache.
Why my mom dislikes cats :((
The cat IS the heater
Damn texas over here using the AC
Oh my goodness what a cute fella
This is my cat for 20 hours a day.
This cat looks like my cat does when he wants a manual stretch.
That’s the cutest fucking thing
Nawww sleepy kitties are the BEST
This actually made me go aww, sir I will be stealing your cat you have been warned.
Oh my goddddd what a beautiful sleep bb
And here I am in the South having to use the A/c because it is in the mid 80s
That cat is cool beans
Your cat looks nearly identical to mine. Like to a T.
[Look](https://imgur.com/a/OuJKq2M)
It’s going into false hibernation.
I hope y’all have heated blankets!! They are awesomely hot!!
I’ve seen a mysterious bump on my bed, until I touch it.
The way you lovingly rub her ;_;
For some reason I saw this, scrolled down, and saw the exact same thing by the same person, the same subreddit, the same time posted, everything. This happen to anyone else?
/u/vredditshare

https://imgur.com/iKQqt4x.gifv
We’re doing the same! It’s cold.
I wish my cats are this tamed. 2 of mine always acting like "don't touch me too much bitch". :(
Oh my goodness.  My in-laws have a cat that does this constantly.  She's super old and seems to get cold really easily so she sneaks into the guest bedroom and snuggles in the blankets most of the day.  It's the cutest thing.  I also have a pillow with a shoulder cut out, and she's discovered that it's her perfect size so she's usually right there when we stay with them.
That's insane how cats can just sneak under covers like that. My dog can't get under the covers without throwing them to the opposite side of the bed and back.
My cat isn't allowed in my bedroom but she has two people-sized blankets on the couch that she cuddles herself up in.  She makes a little nest and just disappears into it when she needs a warm nap.
1 of my 2 cats always sleeps under the sheets. 

That's just how he rolls.
I want to be as comfortable as that kitty.
One of my monsters does this in the morning while I'm still in bed. It's like: "I am secret cat! Nobody knows where I am!" Pull back covers: "We are discovered!!! Run away!!!
Could anyone else hear purring?
This is cute and all, but how did it get under the cover? Can cats really do that or am I just dumb?
I wish i was that cat
Please be careful out there! If it’s too cold your pipes could freeze & that damage will cost thousands
Looks like my old cat Ron Swanson. I miss that fucker.
Why are kitties sleeping the cutest thing ever?
Are you kidding me te cat has gloves, socks and a moustacho???! Such a gentleman!
Time to go to sleep!


*crunch*
"Why do you disturb this one's nap, walker?"
Your cat reminds me of my graby(gray baby) that passed away. He would tuck himself under the bed sheets, and one time under the mattress pad too! Please give your kitty lots of lovin and cuddles during these stressful times ❤️
I am actually impressed with the cat being able to fold the blanket over itself😉.. still awwwww
u/vredditshare
I have exactly the same cat his name is Sulaman. 
FUN FACT: I got to name him when I was a baby and I chose Mun Mun (pronanced Mün Mün)
So cute
Don't disrupt the warm!
My Chihuahua does this, too. Lol
I have a cat that does this. When he’s cold he burrows under cover. It’s his fav spot, I always know where to find him.
You turn that heater on! The angel needs it!
Sweet paws
Those red knuckles tell the story of many a hand-washing.
Oh that’s me
Aawwww, kitty water bottle!!!
This is a save for sure.
Bro u just interrupted the kings sleep!
aw that cat mustache you why you removed the covers :)
Awwwwwwww
If it was me I would've accidentally sat on the fucker
https://imgur.com/eOSUp49.jpg
Here I am, desperately turning up the volume on my phone in futile hope.
damn, I WISH I could get as comfortable as this cat looks
Me and my cat have a disagreement on house temperature. I like it to be 65 to 60 in the winter. He prefers warmer temperatures. As he has clearly shown by camping in front of various heat sources.
I know this subreddit is called r/aww and this time I legitimately said "aww"
Remember to keep doors closes (if you can). Smaller spaces warm up faster than open spaces
There's nothing better than finding your cat all sleepy and warm and ready for snuggles.
Imagine if you accidentally sat on the bed.
This is my best friend
All my fur babies too
That cat needs a corn bag!
When I was a grad student, I kept the apartment really cold to save money and because I liked it cold. The secondary outcome was my usually-crazy Boston Terrier would be more chill and hang out under the covers a lot of the day!
This made me miss my late cat honey that had to be put down some 4 years ago. Reminds me of her <3
Our cat sleeps under our covers all the time. But she's really small (only 5 lbs full grown) and you can barely notice her. She's been sat on multiple times.
I have a little cat bed, or small dog bed that warms when the animal puts pressure by stepping in or laying down on it.  It just gets nice and warm and is pressure activated.  My kitties have loved it.
I could literally feel how warm and toasty that belly was! Such a sleepy cozy baby!
So cozy and cuddly.
You're letting all the warmth out D:
Warm fuzzo
Yes do you need something . Oh I see you can just walk up and wake me up but if I hone my mousing skills on moving feet while you sleep I'm Bad kitty , well Bad prrson . Doesn't feel good does it
Ah the sweet life of being a kitty in a loving family
how much for the kitty?
This might be the coziest kitty cat I’ve ever seen
Squeeze her paw!
How did you find him?
Whatever he sleeps there all the time.
This kitty looks exactly like my kitty that went kissing three years ago. Makes me sad but also happy for you. That kitty brought me so much joy.
What breed is this?
Oh, to have a cat like that.  Mine would have removed a few layers of skin from my hand if I tried that.  

Yeah, she's an asshole.
It's like my kittycat.
He is adorable. Half a mustache! I knew a human who rocked that look!
Smart 😺
What a babbeeeeeeeey!
Smart cat.
Awww... This cat is awesome.. he just wanted to be warm and cozy. He's like "Human where did the heat go? Oh it's under here." I miss my cat.
r/tuckedinkitties
Omg it's the softest warm in their tummy when they are all curled up like that under blankets
I'm not a cat person at all, but that cat is beautiful.
is there a crisis due to quarantine ?
Love seeing another belly boy.
I can feel how warm he must have felt
Ur cat likes his/her belly being rubbed? Wow
after realizing my cat did this, i never jumped on the bed again.
Meanwhile my cat is watching me take a dump rn
Looks so cozy
George?
My cat looks just like yours and does the same thing! I wonder if they're family 🤔
Brooo that looks EXACTLY like my cat! So weird!
Yes human. Yes. Worship me
Aww isn’t that the sweetest baby!?
MMMMMMMM. FUCK YES, THATS THAT GOOD SHIT. THE WHOLESOME I DIDN'T KNOW I NEEDED UNTILL NOW. 😩
Our dog sleeps in between my husband's legs because he is a human heater.
Ahhh this cat is so cute <3<3
 r/curledfeetsies
I think I pet my cat too hard
*Jumps on bed*
Omg what a sweet little fur baby!
There is so much kindness in the way you pet your kitty.
I made an account just to say that our cats are twins! Right down to the half lil moustache.
Omg your cat has that EXACT same features as ours! Half a moustache same colour and same breed
Such a gorgeous cat. Really sweet.
Soft kitty,   
Sleeping kitty,  
Little ball of fur
I wish I had a pet :( was missing my fur babies back at home across country, but now I'm really lonely...
Ugh I want to boop my nose with his nose and cuddle my face in his chest and kiss attacks shall arrive
Ohhhh my goodness 🥰
I wish it was cold enough here for me to even need a heater
So your cat is part dachshund?
Arf, this killed me. uwu
Omg your cat looks exactly like mine!
I wish I could do this but...cockatiels. And snow, apparently. But my cat is loving sleeping on the heater again.
I’ve been wanting to adopt a cat for so long but I’m not really sure this is the right time
Nice shirt
You owe us the sound on this
Thank you, i needed this.
We can start a go fund me so your cat won’t be cold anymore.
Conserve teh Warm, snuggle together.
My hairless cats are constant blanket dwellers and in front of heater seaters. Also cuddle buddies
Aww sleepy cutie
My kitty has also suddenly taken to sleeping under the covers, but only while up against me. Not sure if it’s the eye or the energy savings, but it sure is sweet. 😻 Hope you’re doing okay through all the madness.  https://i.imgur.com/7LehLzA.jpg
I need that in my life
Heat blanket is king
My cat does this too! First time, I was so worried he snuck out of the house. Turned out he had just crawled under my comforter and flattened himself into a pancake. ☺️
Oh that belly must be SO WARM! I love it!
How'd your cat get under there without messing up the blanket?
Kitties are so funny.
Those paws... I wanna munch them. 

Jk. I know they’re gross.
That beautiful baby beast!!
The true face of Coronavirus in the US is me wanting to see what's up with that cat and shutting every other tab and net process to try and see it.
Whoa! My tuxedo grey kitty has one grey toe too! His is on his back paw
Though! Cute!
I can hear this video 

Prrrrrrrrrrrrrr
What a handsome/pretty kitty!!! I love the half ‘stache
Sweet baby angel!
DAAAM BOI HE SOFF. THAT'S A SOFF ASS BOI.
Did you save this cat?
Kitty was good and cozy!!!
OP was he purring while you scratch? because I can hear it purr.
awe, what a sweetie! I wanna snuggle with him
I have never been a cat type person at all. However, seeing that video has struck a chord with me. What a beauty. So lovey when discovered. I may have to rethink my position about them entirely.
This is sad. Hope yall improvise and do ok
That is highhandedly the cutest thing I have seen in my life. Take my upvote and let me re-watch this several times >:(
Not really a Purrito. Maybe a Catsadilla?
How did he get under there without messing up the blanket?
u/vredditdownloader
I see Sam elliot has been sharing mustache secrets
A w w w w, he just wants to stay warm
Oooh cute sleepy cat
Somewhat OT: How high is your regular heating bill?  
Nobody should have to live in a cold house. I'd be more than happy to chip in some funds to keep ~~you~~ that cat warm and cozy.
Uhhh, I think you have my cat. He could literally be my one's twin! They even have the same moustache, bib and foot markings!
Wonderful cat ❤️
Well, our central heating broke yesterday, so I feel the kitty's pain...
That is one rare disciplined cat
what a cute little cat
i will hug
HUMAN WOKE my slum......
My cat looks really close to yours 0_0
I think we might be hand twins
*jumps on bed ready to take a nap*

“Why did I hear a crunch”
How do you keep the cat hair off
Looks like my old cat Angelina-- this baby got cold!
Heater? I’m trying to concentrate the air conditioning into one room it’s so fucking hot here
My fuzzy boy (age 19!) died this December and I haven’t thought of this particular thing since, but warm sleepy cat is the best thing ever. I used to annoy my dude by picking him up asleep on purpose because he was warm and purry and bendy and smelled nice. Love your kitty and hope y’all are well and have many sleepy snuggles together ❤️
“FIVE MORE MINUTES HOOMAN”
That is a male ass cat
Bullshit. You covered your cat up. The blanket is too perfectly on top of the cat for it to sneak in there
How you wake up when you don’t have kids. Bliss
My cat always does this. 


Even in the summer lol
Comfy, cozy kitty!
 half mustache!
Haha. My Ollie does the same thing! He loves to sleep underneath all the covers.
Um can I please have your cat
Ha. My dog is aggressively trying to cuddle with me because of the cold.  I spent all last night shoved against the edge of the bed, because whenever I tried to gently move away from him he'd move with me, determined to have his head resting on my chest.  It would be cute if he didn't weigh 120 lbs.
You have beautiful hands
Jeezus , Are things really that tough for people? 

Good luck out there...
At least you know he is there now.. wouldn't be fun for you to squish your kitty
That is one cute and cuddly kitty.
Think I have his brother. Hes adorable
Touch his belly. I DARE YOU!
I have the twin cat
What a sweet cat.
They love to get cozy!
/r/cozykittyplaces
Put a sweater on him!
I love the blanket o.o
Our cats are twins.
God I wish I was a cat.
OMG my cat looks like the same 😱! Copycat
Oxygen will get really low under there really fast.  
Kitties don't come with understanding of that concept since such tightly woven material doesn't exist in their natural setting.  
  
Just bunch up the blanket a bit to make a tunnel leading to his face.
Cold baby yyyy
Our cats look exactly the same! EXACTLY!
I’m in love
*Mustache Cat*
*Mustache Cat*
r/cozycatplaces
I almost killed my cat before because they crawled under the covers. I check every time now!
That's a real Meow Meow Cuddle bug
The cats got it right!! ❤️❤️
That is one damn cute cat!
This is so adorable but hurts so much. Your cat is an exact replica of my girl Nikki that passed away last year. She looks just as soft too
In our house we call this "Jellybeaning" because the shape a cat makes under the covers looks like a Jellybean.
I love me a knucklehead kitty
Awww.  Sweetie.
My cat does this too and let's out a curious chirp once we find her.
KITTY!
What a sweet snuggle bunny!
Very cute
That looks just like my cat!!!!
Slep slep 😴😴
I would not leave my bed and snuggle 😻❤️
Kitty bo ditty
my cat does this too, but my room is like 25celcious haha
That cat is so cute.
Omggggggg
My pup does the same thing. He gets so zoned out and alseep we have a hard time waking him
meanwhile down here, it's almost 90 fucking degrees in march. Record highs again this year. So much for spring, seems like we're skipping directly to summer :(
My cat looks exactly the same but we don’t know the breed what breed is ur cat?
[deleted]
Just keeping this spot warm for you.
My dogs do this and if the 3 of them are spread throughout the bed it's hard to find them but if they're sleeping next to one another you just see this mass of Chihuahua under the blanket.
[deleted]
torpor. thats the word
Whoa, your cat must be a ninja being able to get under there without messing up the blankets. Wow!
/u/vredditshare
This is so sweet. I wish this had sound.
u/vredditshare
Does that cat have a mustache?
Nope just trying to warm up
Lovely Moustache!
Are those pajamas you're wearing?
How cold is it there?
I once lived in a tiny studio apartment with my cat who loved to sleep in my dresser drawers. I was a College student living alone and waiting tables. I, too, wouldn’t turn on the heat. Eventually my boyfriend moved in and he turned on the heat. Cat stopped sleeping in my dresser. I still feel horrible for freezing out my cat. I’m much more cognizant of my pet’s comfort.
Bro..this is a daily pattern for me. I wake up..go do personal stuff.

Before I goto work..if I do not make my bed so My Feline Mistress can snuggle in my blankets...she gets mad at me and will try to claw me when I go for lovings.

I'm now a fully trained slave for my cat Mistress
/r/ABoringDystopia
What a lovey frowzer.


https://youtu.be/p-e1GbPb3f8
I’d be so afraid of accidentally crashing the kitty
Thays how we get our scared cat to cuddle us!
My cat does this all the time but only to one bed in the house
Oh shit I know that feeling ‘wheres my cat??? Of my cat! My cat!?’ And then you see an odd mush mound in the middle of the bed..... ‘ahh yesssssssss’ pets and loves
Lovely cat.
Did the cat fold the blanket over?
Cat was missing the heat
Your cat’s reaction when you remove the sheets is soooo cuteee. He’s like hey there. You know I’m really cute.
Warm baby
What a kitty. Stay healthy. ♥️♥️♥️
Looks exactly like my little buddy, Boots!
Hi kitty
Mine does that when the heat is down all the time when the heats set low.  Really hard to find her sometimes.
Cade has deactivated due to inactivity.
I was a bachelor with my cat Kitty. I never turned on my heater and she’s spend the winters hanging out under my comforter.
OMG you stole my cat! I demand that you return her immediately!
I can’t handle the cuteness.
u/vredditdownloader
I really love the posts that makes me say "Aww" without thinking
What a handsome ball of fur, look at that little moustache.
Jumps on bed
Kitties have their kitty ways to keep warm
Fake look at how tight that blanket is
cats can’t tuck themselves in like this
Pink Housecoat 🙃 I'm wearing the SAME
I so wish I felt that relaxed and content right now. Cute kittie.
turn the heat on
Imagine jumping on the bed and then just hearing crunch
Cats are also an excellent toilet paper substitute, as they are self cleaning and soft to the touch.
[removed]
Wonder why
Just turn the heater on, don’t suffer
fake as hell, but cute
r/eyebleach
He didn't cover himself up.....liar
You obviously put the blanket over him. I hate people that make up shit For Reddit points.
Just sayin, you have such pretty hands!
I truly dont get why/how people like cats
Inside all day?  Great time to turn down the heater!
THE CAT HAS FUCKINH FUR IT CAN LIVE
[deleted]
Lol, not using heat.... what country are you leaving in? .... fucking poor.
Dude your cat is freezing turn the heat on
too sexual
[https://www.accuweather.com/en/health-wellness/new-study-says-high-temperature-and-high-relative-humidity-significantly-reduce-spread-of-covid-19/703418](https://www.accuweather.com/en/health-wellness/new-study-says-high-temperature-and-high-relative-humidity-significantly-reduce-spread-of-covid-19/703418)
Imagine being that poor... my god.
