Blue steel!
I have to agree.
You are not wrong. Does he read good too?
But can he turn left?
Celebrity-vibes... 

&#x200B;

Can I take a photo with him?
Please get him a tweed suit and a snappy hat to match
hansum!
I’m getting mad Christian Bale vibes.
That dog is so hot right now
I wonder if dogs we find good looking are also good looking to other dogs or if they have different criteria.
BOLT 2.0
What breed is he?
But can he turn left??
Like a young canine paul newman.
That dogs got "Magnum" for days!!!
Yes he absolutely is!!!
He looks like the father figure I never had
Well I hope you named him Derek then!
I was gonna say meh lies and then I saw the pic. I totally agree.
Well if you love him so much why don't you marry him
Absolutely
Behold MY boy and weep:

 [Rockit](https://imgur.com/gallery/qRvadtw)

Time for a walk off...?
Says every dog owner everywhere
....he single? (Asking for a friend. REALLY.)
He surely is.
And knows it and owns it in the best possible way.

WOOF.
What breed is he?
[deleted]
i’d say the same about mine [puppers](https://imgur.com/gallery/4OA536e)
Not a lie!
Hard to deny!
He's beautiful!!!
BLUE STEEL 👀 👀 👀
Bolt is that you?
So Cute😊😊
I concur
Why yes he is!!
My God, he really is.
SO CUTE!
Yep. Like the Christopher Plummer of dogs.

EDIT: I meant Christopher Lee. Or both.
Ok now tell me where my missus is? ...dog
He’s handsome and he knows it :)
Looks like you took this picture right after telling him that. :)
More like the Magnum, if we're being technical here.
Noble Beast!
Yes, he is very handsome.
r/batdogs
Majestic 😍
Would you lot get a room!
He's got that fur coat... coat
That dog could play Don Draper in mad men
How YOU doin'?
He is!! He looks a little like Ryan Gosling.
He should be on the cover of r/dogue !
A very regal pooch
Dog
I agree!  Our Kane looks just like him!
BTW, he is definitely a White Shepherd, as stated in other comments.   He’s nearly identical to ours, giant ears and all.   Their back will be straight, not sloped like the modern GS.
Woah buddy it’s a dog...
Stay away from it
I would date him
Shepherd Golden Retriever mix?
My little lady Corgi walked by and saw this picture and now she's pegnate, thanks a lot
[There's more to life than being really, really, really ridiculously good looking!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EBZYylhg9Io)
[My dog](https://imgur.com/gallery/PVa0qc4) looks like your dog’s little brother.
Are you my twin? https://i.imgur.com/Hv60kZR.jpg
To people. Maybe to dogs he looks like Steve Buscemi.
How does it feel to live in the shadow of your dog's beauty?
Your dog and my dog need to hang out. Maybe in a Jeep,getting some starbucks? https://imgur.com/gallery/8mjFZPh
"*Why yes, Charles, I did just eat my own poop. Thank you for noticing. See you at the club later? Ciao, baby.*"
Your dog probably barks with an accent
[Your dog looks like my dog's grandpa](https://i.imgur.com/NTlqzqx.jpg)
Brad Pet
Tu perro es bonito. 

I spend too much time on duolingo.
Who’s got the greatest dog in the world?  I do.


My dog’s #1 in my heart, it’s true.


My dog’s the best dog.  She’s better than your dog.  

I’m singin’ about [**redacted**]
You're indubitably correct. That is a devilishly good looking dog.
By the look on his face, he KNOWS that he's good looking!
Is this Bolt?
Your dog is the white version of [my dog!](https://imgur.com/a/dLKb0Zf)
Dog, so hot right now
If you love him so much why don’t you marry him
so i’m hearing you’re a furry?
For a second I misread "dog" as "god" and thought, "Yup, that makes total sense, dogs are gods."
He's got that "what is this, a school for ants??" look.
Comments have turned into a zoo lander appreciation thread....... and now I have to rewatch it...... thankyou
"Hey everybody, come see how good I look!" -Dog Burgundy
[I had to](https://imgur.com/gallery/D8gwg05)
Todd don't you know a foamy latte makes me farty and bloated?
Boop
Yes he is
Ok your dog looks like my grandmas dog dusty so I have to tell you this story now.

When I was like 10 I said “Granny when you die can I have Dusty?”

She laughed and said “Honey I’m going to live a lot longer than the dog.”

She did too. 

Dusty passed away at 12 or 16 years old and my grandma was one of the first two people in her entire family to live past 65.
Speaking of handsome dogs... https://imgur.com/Ho1PpJa.jpg
I actually paused scrolling to marvel at this dogs good looks before even seeing the title.
Such a handsome pupper. ❤️

Attached is Atlas, my handsome pupper. https://i.imgur.com/cQtPqYd.jpg
What is this, a zoo for ants??
I have a feeling your username is what your dog says a lot
I misread the title as "My dog is really, really ridiculous-looking" so I clicked, 'cause I've got a soft spot for the most butt-ugly dogs (our previous dog looked like he was built from spare parts and we named him Grendel).

I was disappointed.

That really is a really, really good-looking dog.
This is the guy that not only steals your girl, but also gets you to give him belly rubs at the same time.
I didn’t believe you at first but this boye IS RIDICULOUSLY good looking
Upvote for actually calling your dog a dog.
“I’m here to steal yo bitch” - Doggo, probably
Random fact; the AKC does not consider the White version of the German Shepherd a true breed, simply because they wouldn't make good sheep herding dogs (due to their white color, they would blend in with the sheep), which is what the German Shepherd's were bred for.

This means that White German shepherds aren’t able to compete in Shows run by the AKC.
He’s got a real Harrison Ford viben
awww... a handsome boi...
Ridiculous.
Beautifull 🖤
OMG. I am in love.
Did this guy just quote Zoolander? Well played.
Agreed! Gorgeous
Did you ever think there was more to life tho?
So hot right now
Anyone else get like a mature doggo version of Harrison Ford from this picture and pose?
huh?  sorry, what did you say?  I was lost in his eyes.
He's like the Chris Hemsworth of dogs.
But he doesn’t act like it, which makes him so much more attractive!
That dog qualifies as a better looking human than me.
Looks like Richard Gere in his prime lol
“There is more to life than being really really good looking” -Zoolander
Im pretty sure I have the puppy version of your dog lol  [https://imgur.com/a/bB8CFzy](https://imgur.com/a/bB8CFzy)
I'll drink to that
the most handsome, goodest boi/grill i have ever seen 🥴
What a handsome boi
Lab and gsd mix?
But can he turn left??
Um 🤩
Did you upload the wrong picture or something
[deleted]
Ehhh.
Well aren’t you overly confident about your dog.

It’s good looking, but come on, relax.
Jesus H Christ that's a beautiful dog.
[deleted]
Omg. That guy looks like a really really ridiculously good looking good boy! Have you considered obtaining a bandana to excentuate his good looks?
Shepherd Lab mix?
The name is Blonde, 007 K9 Blonde

Q the music please !
So cute!!
Can’t argue.
Hell yes, that is a real handsome Big Pupper!!!
He most certainly is sir!
I see no lies here.
Oh the files are in the computer.
How do you ever look at anything but him? He's awesome!
I think he knows he is too. He looks to be a very confident little boy :P
Owen Wilson of Dogs!!!
Mr steal yo girl
A model 💫
11/10
He really is, but still not as good looking as my dog. Sorry.
This is a bit weird, but he kinda looks like Legosi.
Looks like there is another dog standing behind a regular golden.
Nice fur
Young handsome man - granny voice -
Grrrrralt of Rivia
he is a cutie <3
Chad/10
Your dog kind of looks like Richard Gere.
now that looks like a dog that knows files are \*IN\* the computer !
What breed is this dashing fellow?
It probably runs in your family.
Sooo handsome!
My dog is more handsome than your dog!
bork steel
That dog is steering into my soul...
If Gandolph the White was to take the form of a dog, this would be it.
Agreed
He can derelict his own balls, thank you
Krypto!!!!!!!
He has such a dignified look. What a good boy! 😍🙂
handsome boy ! do you cut his hair ? by his neck and shoulders
Absolutely gorgeous!
So distinguished
He will steal your girl dude, be careful
So his name is Derek right?
Solid 6
Looks like Liam Neeson.   You see it too.... with your unique set of skills.   Don’t you, bitch?
Agreed
Yes
r/supermodeldogs
Or did you think I'd be too stupid to know what a eugoogly was?
Agreed.
Sure is !!
Try getting him a job as a dog model
I showed this photo to my girl, and now she's his girl
I agree. Your dog is really, really ridiculously good looking.
that jawline makes me think of Sterling Mallory Archer, the world’s most dangerous spy
Is that a bottle opener?
If he was a human he’d be the wealthy grandpa reading a novel
Beautiful!
Why don’t you take a picture? It’ll last longer... oh wait-
I bet if he were human, he'd be an Instagram model by now

Or maybe you've done it for him?

Whatever the case may be, you're very right.
Absolutely!!!!
A truer story has never been told.
He has such a thoughtful look on his face.
Your dog is gorgeous and I hope they got treats for this and all the good boi or good girl pets
This is some furry shit
The number of people with white German Shepards is amazing and should grow
True
Berger blanc suisse?
That truly is a handsome beast.
it fits the necklace
this dog fucks
This is like the Richard Gere of dogs.
that there a Yerman Yepard
If there was a dog kingdom i think he would be the prince , he has that fairytale-ish look
That’s a good looking pupperino
The John Hamm of dogs.
Is his name Rufus or Meekus?
Wow he is super handsome
He needs a black bow tie.
Aww he's so cute
Yes she is
Berger Blanc?
If Jon Hamm was a dog.


https://pmctvline2.files.wordpress.com/2017/10/jon-hamm-good-omens-neil-gaiman.jpg?w=620
Yes, yes he is.
Handsome poser!
I usually ignore these. But damn. He is.
is he a white german shepherd, I have one myself
He's so hot right now.
*Mer-Dog*!!
he is really good looking!

out of curiosity, what breed is he/she?
Furry
100%
What kind of dog?! Guessing some golden retriever / border collie mix??
It’s like if Jon Hamm was a dog.
Fur on point.
But...why male models?
I want to be friends with him!
He looks like he has this voice that will calm you if he spoke in human language
10/10 want to pet.
This needs to be xposted on r/dogue with a Spring edition.
But does he want to learn how to read good and do other things good too?
Handsome boy
He most certainly is! Nobody can tell me that’s not an extremely handsome dog.
I'm hot for your dog
Is he/she on Twitter?
What's his name?
That's a good boy.
Hel looks like he has many leather bound books, that smell of rich Mahogany.

Very great looking dog. "He's a pretty big deal"
Like a young Clint Eastwood
He is a good handsome boy.
Photogenic af
Mr. Steel your bitch
Swiss Shepherd?
I know that breed, it’s called a Hemsworth.
Yes he is.....
what kind of puppy is he? he is such a model
He is the George Clooney of dogs.
He is.  I would buy him a drink.
Nice “musculature”
What kind of dog?
Upvoted Purely for anchorman reference. Okay... that  dog really is ridiculously good looking!!
The most handsomest of boys.
Accurate.
I'd like to nominate your dog for the Supreme Court. He looks so wise.
And very very qute
Mer-man!
He must make you feel really mundane
You sir have a very pretty dog
Um more pics please.
That is the Chad of dogs
Tfw a dog is more photogenic than you
What breed is this majestic dawg?
He looks like rob Lowe
I don't know why, but it reminds me of Keanu reeves. anyway, such a good looking fella!
Very wise looking dog
I want to call him Sesshomaru.
What is this? A school for ANTS?
Agreed.
Divine fur. Good on you, groomer dude.
But can he turn left???
Why don’t you marry it?
Yes, that is indeed a very handsome hound
Damn right he/she is.
I want to hug them
A total Chad! I’m sure he gets all the ladies.
Those are some big ears.
I get some Nikolaj Coster-Waldau vibes.
He is quite attractive. Probably a pompous fuck at the dog park...am I right?
He's like the Ryan Gosling of dogs
Handsome boah.
300th comment to say “aww”
Truth
Like a young Patrick Swayze. 


https://imagesvc.meredithcorp.io/v3/mm/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstatic.onecms.io%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2Fsites%2F20%2F2017%2F03%2Fpatrick-swayze.jpg
I really am ruggedly handsome.
But why male dogs?
But why male models?
Sexy 😉
Bolt
I have the 13 year old version of him. Been some dog.
Agreed!
Awesome looking boy! I grew up with a German Shepard. My favorite dogs
Really, the Brad Pitt of canines !
He is!!!!! (Or she)
Yes he is!
Barker Ruffalo 2020!
I'd tap that
I would absolutely, wholeheartedly agree! ❤️
He’s getting nice looking for you because it knows you’ll be at home for a while
He really is!!
Shame he can't look up though
White German shepherd?
That is one Handsome fella.
I have to agree because my pup is a Swiss shepherd too, so I must agree with your post. They are indeed, very, very good looking.
Stud muffin
Yes he is !
Can’t argue.
He definitely is
If any one denies 

give no fuck to them......
What breed is he?
He looks so much better than me!
I’m too sexy for my collar
Too sexy for my collar 
It only cost a dollar....
Your right that is a good looking dog
He is kind of wind swept....
Lookin so good he could steal gilfriends.
Can he only turn right?
Hello handsome!
Yes he is! What a handsome boy!!
I agree.
Honestly, I see a young Harrison Ford
And he knows it.
What breed??
And the longer you stay inside the better looking he’ll get.
Really really want to hug that doggy.
Don’t mean to be an asshole, but I actually have the cutest dog. Everyone always tells me
He is, for sure!
Agreed. Here is your upvote.
Damn! Your dog be out here lookin’ majestic!
Ryan Stiles as a dog
Just looks like every other dog to me. Of course it's I believe so everyone thinks their pet is the most amazing looking pet ever. Even ones that have gerbils for pets think their pet is amazing looking
I've actually met him in a past life.
EVERYONE!  COME SEE HOW GOOD I LOOK!
A dog looks more attractive than me
What kind of dog is it?
White German/Swiss Shepherd?
Can confirm
He looks like krypto nice 👍
Reminds me of Keanu Reeves for some reason.
Holy shit this looks like my White Shepherd! Her name is Mindy but her coat is more...coarse. she only looks soft like this after a proper bath.
I does a pretty
Can’t deny what is obviously very much true! 💁🏻‍♀️😍
Very handsome. His fur looks silky not course and a delight to give rubs!
Yup he's gorgeous.
This dog looks like Chris Evans and I cannot explain why
He or she has the facial features of my dog
I'd fuck me.
hawt dawg!
True!
White German Shepard?
Cutie ❤️
Handsome boy
Aww
It's like a golden retriever but with German shepherd ears, adorable
i also agree
What breed is he?
He belongs on the cover of r/dogue
Yes, yes he is.
Day seven of quarantine........
He is a handsome boy!
And knows it, too!
Hes like the handsome hero dog in every dog movie ever
r/SmugDogs
Looks you right in the eye too. Their emotional intelligence is so great
The comments being 80% zoolander related is magnificent. You've done me proud, fellow people of reddit.
Pierce Bowson
The Spanish inquisition
Quarantine day 8?
The farm I worked on in high school had a white German Shepard. Smartest dog I ever met. His name was Henry, but he also answered to Hank.
White floof on nose. 

5/7
This doge is what I'd imagine Liam Neeson would be like. Dignified.
Ridiculous? What's ridiculous about it??? I see a business professional of to work
The Brad Pitt of dogs.
So handsome. Don’t tell my dog I said that though.
He would be hot as a human
Can I get a bowtie on this gentleman??
Hey everyone!  Come and see how good I look!
Photogenic
A Model, Idiot!
That's a dog alright
Now that’s a good lookin dog. 

I hope he ages like fine wine and Keanu Reeves
Disagree, only one color, ugly ass coat
My god, I used to hang out with a guy in statesboro Georgia with a dog as beautiful as that. Same colors same look and everything.
He knows
He is looking good!
What makes a dogs ears stand up or flop down? Your dog looks like my dog, but my dogs ears lay down instead of stand up.
Yup! Sure is.
I have no idea who you are but I love you. 

I also think my dog is ridiculously good looking and have thought that about with every dog I’ve ever had. I see other dogs and agree it looks magnificent but as a dog parent it’s something about your dog that catches you. It’s probably why parents keep showing pics of their kids.
So Handsome, man I’d be honored to pet him but he is so handsome like you’d pause to be nervous to pet him like meeting a celebrity and be star struck but with pets
I want to talk to him. I feel like he would listen.
Kinda looks like Harrison Ford?
Dog looking fresh
nice hot dog
This guy dogs dogs
Is that magnum?!
For anyone who looks a good old fashioned optical illusion, if you scroll up and down really fast on the photo it looks like the bars on the grate to the left are bending
What a dog.
That is one handsome baby.
This is the Jon Hamm of dogs.
White swiss shepards are the most beautiful dog breed I have ever seen.
What breed is he? He looks similar to my border collie but hes not border collie colour
You have the German Shepard version of my English cream golden retriever!
Good boi
I imagine that Richard Gere is the voice of this dog
Honestly I think this is an average looking dog. Coat seems like its sort of taken care of, at least well brushed, not exceptional shine, ears seem too big for face, doesnt have striking eye color, not strikingly built either. Kind of what pops in my head when someone just says dog.
Meh
I wouldn't say no
Can I pet your dog? Would make me so happy!
Classically handsome
Why yes, yes he is. Handsome good boi.
I didn't think I'd need to say this today but don't fuck your dog.
he's the Harrison Ford of puppers
Facts.
I'm ignorant on dog breeds. What breed is this beautiful pupper?
Lady-killer...
That dog should be in the movies. ...in movies made about dogs for dogs by dogs.
This picture made my mom smile because your dog looks like the dog she had fourty years ago. Much love!
Make puppers and give me one! My goodness, what a handsome fellow
Mr. Steal your girl , so handsome.
Doggo: Stop pointing that flat ringy thing at me and come play..
So handsome!
White German shepherd?
Very handsome indeed 😊
When the dog is more handsome than the owner... That would be my case at least.
Looks like a white German Sheppard -- somewhat rare. 

We had one as a kid, she was a great dog. Although I remember my father telling me they were more at risk/genetically weaker due to them typically being inbred in order to maintain the recessive genes trait of having a white coat.
The goodest of bois
That dog is so hot right now!
He looks very down to earth and humble about it.
young Paul Newman of dogs.
Uh...I don't see it. You ask me, looks like a total dog, woof. (Very handsome really, just an attempt at a bad dad joke,lol)
I feel like you want to fuck your dog. Don't fuck your dog.
What breed is this good boi?
Bolt!!
So he is!
Meh
Your dog is good looking.  If that were my dog it would cheat on me with another owner.
Lassie! Open my beer!
I feel oddly intimidated
But why dog models?
Geralt of Rivia in doggo form
And regal
r/dogue
He's gorgeous!  Such a great expression on his face ❤
True that!
10/10 would swipe right
Wow!  He's a beauty!  😍🐕💙
The Sean Connery of dogs.
Oliver the Beagle is handsome
Truth.
Homeboy looking like real life bolt
Looks like someone photoshopped a lab’s face onto a white German Shepherd
HES SO PRETTY
I want that neck ruffle
He´s a dog and still gets more girls to touch him than me...
Is his name chip?
Did he discover this by looking into a spoon?
He looks like a dog college professor
Top candidate for an r/dogue post
Woof.
Dude looks cool
Whitney wisconsin




If you dont know who she is, look it up
Keep the peanut butter away from this guy. He thinks his dog is good looking, and they are in quarantine. No one would ever know.
NO...  your pup is beautiful and sweet. So handsome.  Are you sure youre not looking in a mirror?
Like Gregory Peck and George Clooney had a baby that was a dog
He definitely follows rules 1 and 2.
I'm 100% going going to draw your dog in a few days... remind me
Why male models?
Need a pic without that collar.
Yes, yes he is
Awww! Who's a handsome boy?
She is photogenic, the camera really loves her. You really could look into her doing some modeling. Any sort of dog food, treat, toy, vet service etc she would be perfect for. Paw modeling is also a growing category (I'm talking classy stuff, not the other kind). There are agents who exclusively rep pets but you need to be a little bit careful in choosing. Some of them are known treat pushers and a couple are actually just dog walkers. Anyway, if you could send me pics in a variety of poses and situations (don't be shy!) I could maybe hook you up with some pretty  heavy hitters.
This looks like Polar who was adopted from my local shelter a while ago
He should get married
Yeah, but is he an ambi-turner?
Very handsome. Very good boi.
How tf this get 50k upvotes?
He looks like the dog version of a furry
Yeah you right!
*Fans self*
My dog Sage looks exactly like yours! They’re so amazingly beautiful
I never noticed that dogs could be good looking
Now who could argue against that?
Hey there, how u doin ...😉
White German Shepherd?? I had  giant one when I was growing up. He was the greatest. Name was Atlas. Your dude looks just a bit different though so maybe I’m wrong on the breed?
Why does he reminds of Anderson Cooper?
Is that a bottle opener on his collar?
"Dog Flaunter!"  Just use the voice of the unfortunate aunt from the original Vacation movie.
That is one handsome fucking dog.
He needs a bowtie lol
I know the effect I have on bitches
Are you wearing a tie to impress the dog?.... Do you think he noticed?
He looks like Harrison Ford if he were a dog. I’m not sure why I thought that
Very very handsome. Like Chris Pratt when he gets fit for a movie.
You weren’t kidding! Actually laughed out with happiness when I saw this.
Theres someone who wants to meet your dog https://www.reddit.com/r/MakeMeSuffer/comments/fn2hii/z/fl76k53
Pretty good looking. Nothing crazy sexy though
quarantines really making white women look at their dogs like this
Looks are not everything
Kinda looks like my old buddy, Mason
Hell ya man. Good looking dog!
Yes he is
I’d tap that
Such a handsome doggie 🐶
But is he a good boy thou?
Teach him blue steel
Doggo: *"You want to fluff my what?"*
He looks smart enough to avoid a freak gasoline accident too!
BBS?
Finally, we can eat
Definitely is the Ryan Reynolds of the dog world.
Half-Dog, Half-Amazing
I love all of you so much 🤣
holy fuck he is handsome. george clooney vibes
Wow your dog is way out of my league.
Now I want to see a panting smiley face one
He's alright.
His name? Thor? Angus? Zeus?
Bow Chicka Bow-Wow
I wish I had his hair
When is he gonna drop Magnum on us?
Yeah he is. What kind of dog is he/she?
I would pet that dog
Such a looker !
*He is the Lord of all doggos. And has been my friend through many dangers...*
Yes, yes he is!
He's like the Chris Evans of the dog world
Definitely one of them dudes in high school called Tanner.
Leonardo DiWoofrio !
And he seems to know it!
ok but is that a bottle opener on his collar?? lol
What a total Chad
sure is
I agree
Wow!!!
I get a kind of Harrison Ford vibe from him
I think you like your dog too much.
You ain't lying
Aw, such a noble buddy!
Ya know what...yes he is!
Apparently a deceased British actor was reincarnated as your dog. Maybe Alec Guinness or Roger Moore.
he is more handsome then... Oh forget about it
It's a walk off...to the park.
Agree!
But can he turn left?
owh, do you want a cup of tea homan
I know how you feel, so it's mine.
Is your dog a white shepard? I have a good looking boy as well. My good boy has a little shorter hair though.
Yup you are correct
He is the dog version of Richard Gere.
And your dog knows it, too!  ;)
Your dog looks like his human name would be Brad.
Is this a German Shepard?
Racist
Gets tail!
He’s a handsome boy 😊
He’s gorgeous! Is that a cycle dog collar? We love ours.
It appears he can't read though, you should send him to the school for dogs that can't read good.
I dont know him but i would die for him
He looks like he's not mad, but disappointed in my recent life choices.
Cute, but not as good looking as my pugs
He has a thumbs up in his left ear.
He needs a bowtie!
The name is Dog...James Dog.
Beautiful sea cow!
Yeah, he really, really is
indeed!
Hey I know cabin fever is a thing and the dogs are immune to covid19 but I think you should give your dog some social distance
Perhaps a bow tie
What type of dog? Such a beautiful dog
ONE WORD

Super handsome
Seriously dude your dog is the Patrick Swayze of dogs. Effortlessly gorgeous.
Accurate title right there.
WelI I mean I hope so! He was bred to look that good.
immediately thought of Mike Rowe for some reason. hmm.  . .
He's definitely /r/Dogue material.
Your dog is way too good looking
Wasnt there a bear or a gorilla or something that was unnervingly good looking by human standards a while back?
Hansel, *so hot right now*
I used to have a Berger blanc Suisse Named Thor. He was an awesome dog
The Chad of dogs 😳
It's a beautiful dog, but the way this caption is phrased sounds like someone is not handling quarantine well.  😂
Looks kinda ruff tbh
He’s a regular George Hamilton.
He really is what a handsome pup
He looks like Alex Trebek in the 60s.  Google it, and prepare to be not disappointed.
Shepherd and retriever mix?! What is thiiiiisss babe? I need one.
this doggo... so hot right now
I'd vote for that motherfucker
White GSD?  Handsome as heck!
Reminds me so much of my girl. She passed last year had the best cuddle.
If Alexander skarsgard was a dog
❤❤❤❤He's the best of the good boys!
Swiss Shepard!!  My girlfriend's is more human than dog I believe.
Well, yes, yes he is.
He looks like Harrison Ford in dog form.
No kidding. Lookin’ mighty fine.
He looks like a teen heartthrob from the 90's.
I guess if were another dog,I'd think so...

Rlly, good doggo!
One thing is a fact. He’s more photogenic than I ever was.
What a handsome boy!
I bet he loves them ears scratched.
What a handsome fella, no bones about it 🦴🦴🦴🦴🦴
He’s very handsome I wish I looked like him
hansom boi
Oh hey handsome..
You know what they say... parents always think their kids are better looking.

It’s my dog now. Give him/her to me.
Watch out for freak gasoline fights!
My boyfriend and I predict this is what our puppy will look like when he is full grown! Our pup is a rescue, so we don’t know what breed he is. What kind is yours?
He is also fricken adorable I wanna snuggle that doggo
Chris Hemswoof
He gets all the bitches
Was on his way to become a wolf. But stopped halfway.
Wow! My dog is almost identical to him, just with smaller ears
Damn son.
yeah but why mail models?
Heckin good lookin boy
He looks like Harrison Ford.
He looks like he knows it to
Yes
Is your dog an albino GSD?
10/10
So there's supermodel cats.... but is there a supermodel dogs sub?? This boi is beautiful.
Yes. Yes he is.
🐶💊
Your dog and my dog would make the cutest puppies. We have a champagne girl.
Gorgeous floof!
i own his shadow. same dog all black.
Looks like a professor
Absolute looker!! 10/10
I bet he smart too
beautiful good boi, what breed?
This is the most golden-retriever-looking dog I've seen that isn't a golden retriever!
I’d let him knot me
The Hugh Jackman of dogs
Too bad he’s not an ambiturner
Um, yes.
That face looks like it’s photoshopped
Calm down Mr Mugatu! Where’s Hansel and Derek?
“Like really really really ridiculous good looking “ #zoolander
Now the real question is, is he good at Ugooglies?
How many Abadigitals do you see modelling?
PLS GIVE HANDSOME BOI PATS
I bet he's probably a good Eugoogalizer too
What breed is he?
Dude looks like Bill Maher. You go, Billy!
Looks like a noble white woofer to me.
He’s like the Ryan Reynolds of dogs.
Super duper handsome pup!
This has got to be a lab or golden retriever mixed with a German Shepherd, yeah?

Very handsome!
Looks like an ordinary dog.
looks like bolt :0
Bolt!
Ey mami !
He's beautiful!!! What breed is he?
Your dog looks like George Clooney
Highly pettable pup
Like, the Brad Pitt of dogs.
Gorgeous dog.
Very cute
I concur
If Sam Elliott's mustache was a dog.
Like a young Leonard Nimoy.
What breed is this, looks a lot like my husky lab mix
What breed is your dog? Mine kinda looks like yours but we don’t know his breed.
How gorgeous!
He’s beautiful
What a handsome boy
He reminds me of by motorbike mechanic.

Hey Mike, have you figured out the charging issue yet or no?!
Fucking furry.
SGT. Sean “Sticks” Barkin
What's his name??
Didn’t you already ask me that?
Indeed, my friend. Indeed
That looks like a loyal friend i must say. What a handsome dog, my god 😍🐶
And he knows it.
I swear its staring at you. And those eyes look ridiculously funny
He’s a handsome boi
If Kenau Reeves were a dog.
no doubt <3
So handsome
Why male models
That’s a big boi
Him a handsome man
My pupper is the black version!! :)
Derek Zoolander would like a word...
He’s really floofy!
Swiss shepherd?
*sigh*
*Unzips*
Mr. Steal yo girl
Handsome boy
sexy
This is the Harrison Ford of dogs.
 It can he turn left?
Make him wear shades to be the coolest boi ever
He knows it too
She is regally good looking!
Is it a boy or girl? Either way, they're the goodest.
I wanna date this dog.
I agree.
The face of a lab and the body of a collie

It's kinda trippy if you state long enough
What a beauty!
Please tell me your dog is named Derek. Or Zoolander. Or Derek Zoolander.
Hey what up girl
I showed this to my dog. He approves.
Looks way better than me that dog prob gets more dates than I ever will
The Prince Charming of dogs
I've seen tons of dogs that look just like him.
Looks so much like my old white German shepherd named Maggie. Now I’m up in my feels 😭
Agreed.
You have The Rob Lowe of dogs.
If Sean Connery was a dog.
mista *could* steal ya girl...
Whose a handsome boi!!
Pretty much a stud! (M/F)
He is definitely going to get all the bitches
So am I but you don't see me bragging about it
Why does his face and confidence remind me of Fabio?
Shepard lab mix?
Shepard lab mix? Maybe husky lab?
Bottle opener collar?!
Damn that's a good looking dog.
Ha ha, and he knows it!
I agree
It stood like a gentleman. Manners too.😀
That’s Kaya!
Indeed
Pretty handsome!
Really good looking and he knows it 😄.
nice
That dog is ridiculously good looking.
This is what Ryan Gosling would look like as a dog
I just cried a little
But can he turn left? https://www.reddit.com/r/Moonmoon/comments/fklbso/moonmoon_looks_to_his_right/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
Kinda looks like my dog just different colors
But can he turn left?
He really is a good looking dog. If he were a man (or I were a pup), I'd date  him.
Racist🤣😂
GC was the best
Could walk into any bar and take any guys bird 👌
Bark. James Bark.
I agree. 🐶
I agree!
He is Good model doge
I'm pretty sure there's a lot more to life than being really, really, ridiculously good looking.
He looks more experienced in life than me
If Harrison Ford was a dog
Like a young paul newman
The Harrison Ford of Doggo’s
He's pretty good
What a handsome boy
Meh
Good looking dog. What is he? Mix?
He is T-T ❤
Liberty Biberty
Nice collar! My doggos also have bottle opening collars (by Cycledog from Sierra Nevada Brewing). Super useful.
I would def take him out
Krypto.
I love his beautiful lab face
❤️
😂😂😂🐶😂😂😂
Looks like the xqc of doggos
nice
He looks like he's going to stand up and gun down a bunch of anthropomorphic cyborg animals in a bid to save humanity. And tell you about making good moral decisions after the credits.
Berger Blanc Suisse are also so fucking beatyfull, look up thier name on google!
i wanna pet him
Labrador with German Shepard ears
wow! That is very very beautiful dog
dated prettier cats
I cannot disagree.
Handsome boi
u/pieot
I agree completely
[As is my Swiss Shepherd Echo](https://i.imgur.com/Pa3IQb5.jpg)
What a beautiful doggo!
I agree! :o)
Looks like Anderson Cooper
He could steal my girl if I had one
He seems to have mastered the model like sultry/squinch look too.
I think that's an understatement. 💗🧡💛💚💙💜
I'm sure someone has commented on this in the +1k comments already, but it's really interesting to me how concepts of beauty transcend species.  I mean, this dog is objectively handsome.  How is it that we all see this?  Is it proportion?  Is it radiant health?  Is it his calm and confident demeanor?  Someone could do a graduate study on this.
What a silver fox! Giving off Ted Danson vibes
I have a Swiss Shepherd as well. Hands down the best dogs.
Why was the first I thought of was "Alan Rickman" ?
What a handsome gentleman!
He is the King : [https://i.imgur.com/EG2zEE1.png](https://i.imgur.com/EG2zEE1.png)
Chad
Kris Kristoferson reincarnated as a dog
Such a handsome boy
Awwww. Handsome boi
But you know there is more to life than being really really really ridiculously good looking
This is a beautiful dog
