"Top 5 ways to ensure your city stays in during the quarantine"
I didn’t know they moved in groups, always thought they stayed to themselves unless it was a mom and cubs.

Looks like they’re forming gangs.
I find it oddly comforting/satisfying to know if we ever disappeared from the face of the earth, nature would step right back in to place
MAAAA, THERE ARE TWO FUCKING WEIRD ASS CATS IN THE FRONT YARD
I thought the title meant "moving back to their cave inside a mountain boulder". 

No... moving into the city of BOULDER, COLORADO.
If I saw those in my yard I think I would puma pants.
Not a good idea to walk your dog after dark... This should also make people think twice before putting their kitties out for the night!
Stay inside people lol
Seems like more of an, “oh shit” than an, “awww”.
Not to be a party pooper, but there are lots of people out and about (at a safe distance!) in Boulder right now. This just happens to be the time of year that mountain lions are spotted in town occasionally, which happens every year. But hey, if it keeps more people inside, good to me!

Plus, the cougars usually hang out at Tahona in Boulder grabbing some tequila year round.
I always forget there are legitimate big cats in North America. Any time I see a reference to a mountain lion/cougar/puma I assume it's like...Bobcat sized. These things would 100% fuck you up.
Um...are you ok? Are your pets ok?
You’d better shelter in place now

ETA: I saw a preview of a question I think got deleted by automod. Person from Europe, yes, these can and will attack people (especially children). In a group of 3 like this, if they decided to attack, you’re dead for sure. 

They also have a terrifying scream.
Cougars are on the prowl,  someone grab the Michelob Ultra
I live in N Boulder where these guys keep being spotted, and I keep looking out my window with my fingers crossed that I'll see em. No luck yet.
So basically, populated areas are gonna be PvE zones after lockdown is over?
The fucking dinosaurs are going to come back when all this is over
OMG KITTTIEESSSSSS!!!!!
Perry the Puma says "Stay the fuck inside or ima eat you!"
“If you can dodge a mountain lion, you can dodge a ball.”
Aw looks at the pretty kitties!
In Boulder?  I'd be more nervous about Mother Abigail moving in right now.
Those things are huge!
Just look what they did to the neighborhood, Gladys. Let the humans in and they totally demolish property values.
They’re sensing something and thought they come investigate.
Rabbits *everywhere* in Edmonton.

...glad we don't have mountain lions in the neighbourhood to eat the fuzzy wuzzies!
*joe rogan intensifies*
They're looking for Noah so they can get on the boat, make no mistake.
Not exactly what I meant when I said "I wish there were some cougars in the neighborhood"
Same thing's happening in Santiago, Chile. There have been two or three puma sightings near the downtown area in the last couple of days.
now that's what i call 'law enforcement'
They're going after the deer which use human activity to shelter themselves from mountain lion attacks.
Mountain lions.

Nature's way of saying "Parry this you fucking casual!"
Well, there goes my idea for an afternoon hike.
\[*steps outside*\] Awww, look at the cute mountain lio-*AAAARRRGHGGHGGHRRHHHHHHH*
You are so lucky to experience such an amazing sight but at same time I'm worried for you and neighbour's.
u/Nagril this is why you don't let pets outside in America
r/awwwtf
The government sent them to keep you in quarantine.
They actually work for the city of Boulder, social distancing enforcement
This is as close as we're going to get to seeing what life without humans will be like (while we're still here). This is how fast nature works to fill that vaccum.
/r/aww fuck no.
Oh I would have gotten the laser pointer out.
God if I ever needed a laser pointer...
The scary part isn’t that they’re out there now, it’s that they’ve been watching close enough to identify our territory and know that now is the time to move in.
"awww" until they walk away with Fluffy, or worse, lil' Timmy.
More like aww shit!!!
"Protect our Lord and Saviour! Hail Satan!"

Edit: It's a quote from the Southpark episode "Woodland Critter Christmas": Cute critters turn out to be Satan worshippers while the Mountain Lion prevents the Antichrist from being born.
Holy shit. People still go for walks. And play in their yard. And have outside pets.
Nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope
Another reason to stay indoors
Why is this in aww
We currently have a moose wandering downtown.
Adjusting to life without Joe Exotic
Even more reason to workout now. 

What will help me run faster and longer, while also tripping people?
Aww, so cute. Anyone want to post a video of a mountain lion killing a house pet? Adorable!!
They have always been here. People are just home to take pics during the day now
"oh hey their gone, finally let's party y'all" lol
If this is your house please buy the biggest bag of catnip Amazon will ship and leave it on your lawn!
That's just how the locals patrol the streets to ensure you to stay home
What's with the cheetah from the serengeti doing behind them?
This is literally my worst nightmare. How is this "aww"?????
I would legit shit my pants and die if I saw a mountain lion outside my house.
Man animals are thinking are they dieing off?
It's cool but it's now aww
Is this as fake as the “dolphins in Venice” picture?
They are probably looking for the deer I have seen roaming the streets.  lol.  Either that or a poodle that has escaped quarantine.
"C'mon Fred, hurry up! We've been given permission to eat any humans that leave their house."
All according to plan. Its like watching 12 Monkeys without the time travel!
Everyone thinking nature has taken back the whole planet after a week of semi-quarinteen....
Boulder looks like a nice place on Google Street View despite the predator cats.
yikes.  hide your dog, hide your cat
Looking for pets. Just saying. Dont let Fluffy get eaten.
More like r/ahhhhhh!
Suburban lions now.
Or... someone just saw some mountain lions, which happens. There have been SO many of these fake "nature is coming back!" stories since the quarantines have started.
Well that's horrifying.
Why is this posted in awww?? This is terrifying
"I'm telling you Kathie, they've disappeared"
Boulder, Colorado?
Mountain Lion: *Well, well, look who's in the cage now muthafuckas!*
How is this aww?! They are cold blooded killers.
Is this really an AWW or is this an AHHH!?
Keep your pets inside!

🐈 🐕
Mountain lions are fucking badass.
So the time it takes for nature to take back what humanity has left is about 14 days.
Want to buy my lion rock?
There's a documentary on discovery Channel I believe it's called Earth without people and it shows how nature takes back when people are not on the streets so this kind of feels like the same thing.
I assume that should be an upper case B (name of a city in Colorado, not just a big tock).
So we are the virus.
Aren't mountain lions [occasionally seen](https://patch.com/colorado/boulder/video-mountain-lion-takes-stroll-through-yard-boulder) in Boulder in non-lockdown times?
Wait, is that a cheetah behind them?
Joe Rogan is going to talk about this for the next 20 years and relate it to the wolves in World War 1
There are so many things wrong here. 
1. There are 3 of them together 
2. In RESIDENTIAL BOULDER 
3. Its daytime!
Are they thinking humans are gone?
Crisis actors
Honestly this lock down thing has had its pros, ive seen more families together just sitting on the porch or in the yard than I've seen in years, pollution is going down and people are genuinely starting to slow down and enjoy simple things again. It is easy to see and point out negativity but it takes a certain heart to see beauty inside chaos and pain. Wake up tommorow and try to find joy, we will make it to the other side of this stronger...we always make it..
Can we get a sub about this? Nature moving back in while we're in lockdown?
Humanssss come out and playaaayaaa!!!
Is this Boulder, Colorado?
Imagine being the one guy that decided to go on a jog that day
Sorry this is fake news. 

It's not unusual according to Denver Post https://theknow.denverpost.com/2020/03/25/boulder-coronavirus-sheltering-impact-wildlife/236089/


"But wildlife officials said while it might seem like a strange sight related to the emptier streets, increased mountain lion activity in urban Boulder is not unusual for this time of year."
"US government releases 500 lions to enforce quarantine"
COVID curfew patrol.
Not aww. When the lockdowns are over this will result in dangerous situations for both the humans and animals.
Big cats are the world's most adorable murderers.
Good lord, why is this on /aww?

These animals are brutal stalker/killers, and attack people and pets.
More like r/aww shit am I right?
Also happening in Santiago, Chile
had to check the subreddit because I said ahh!! instead of aww
5 Simple Tricks To Meet Cougars On The Prowl In Your Neighborhood.
 
Number 6 Will Shock You!
Awww?


More like AHHHH
Bolder in Boulder...
Puma
BEAUTIFUL! 

Looks like mom and her almost grown cubs.
I live in boulder and they were in my backyard 2 nights ago
Here kitty kitty
Just some cougars on the prowl. Is this Sarasota?
“Yeah, we’re thinking about buying a house in this neighborhood but the schools aren’t the best. Sheila wants it cuz it’d be close to her parents, and they can watch the kids occasionally.”
Wow! Was just there a month ago. One of my Uber drivers who's lived in the area for 20+ years says that he's never even seen one or knows anyone who's seen one in person that whole time. Pretty wild.
They are making sure people stay home during this hard time
“So, tim, what do you think about this corona, shit?”
“I don’t know Larry,  I’m sure if we eat one with it, they’ll still taste like chicken.”
I love Colorado
I thought those animals were loners, apparently they move in packs 0.o
This is /r/aww but a lot of missing pet signs are about to be posted.
Yeah. Last week I was almost attacked by a coyote in my yard. Last night a skunk wandered up to me and I promptly left. This is apparently a trend.
Aww? More like aww shit...
It’s crazy how quick they came back, makes you realize they’re always watching
Anyone else not notice the third one?
 Well, that’s just great. You hear that, Ed? Bears. Now you’re putting the whole station in jeopardy.
Uh wtf!
That’s sweet that they are encouraging people to stay indoors..
That's really rare to see Cougars together like that.
“We see that you’re vulnerable, so we’re taking our shit back. We don’t went anything bad to happen to you, but we’d get over it if it did. Later”.
I seen alligators take a nap in my neighbors front yard a few days ago (I live next to a swamp and no I don't live in Florida)
Neighbourhood watch!
Or they were always there and you're just home to see them.
That's my town! Hello, fellow mountain dweller!  I would not recommend petting those kitties
Cougars are solitary, and those look to big to be cubs with their mother, seems odd.
This is the kind of shit that happens when you let that bitch Carol Baskins get away with her antics
Same here in NYC.
When the humans move out, the animals move in.
This is happening all over the desert and rocky mountain states now.
r/aww shit
This is why we need to solve global warming.
Jumanji
Fuck that!
Well shit I guess Boulder, CO belongs to them now.
i wonder if the animals are confused just seeing humans disappear all of a sudden
This is more awe than aww
welp, there goes the neighborhood.
This makes me happy to see.  I watched a Bald Eagle fly through Marietta, Ga on Saturday.  Lockdown is fine in a lot of ways.

More like awww... fuck no
Gotta make sure everyone stays in quarantine
I live in Colorado.  To see a mountain lion is a pretty special/rare event.  To see three is a big deal!
Saw a coyote near a hospital in Broomfield which through me for a loop. If I saw one of these I’d be looking for my cat and chihuahua!
Beautiful animals. My absolute favorite.
That is grass, not boulder.
Mountain lions are some of the most beautiful animals in the world.
Throw a pokeball at em
That is fucking awesome and terrifying
Lock humans up and the Earth gets better...
these are free range kitties
This is more r/aaahhhh! than r/aww. IJS 🤷🏻‍♀️
Corona Cougars
I suppose it's a bit morbidly comforting to see that Mother Nature isn't even waiting for our corpses to get cold before moving back in
Holy cow... Keep a close eye on your pets...
Is that really an aww situation? It seems more like an ahh!
Half of America: Guns are bad, take all the guns away!

Other half of America: I've got mountain lions in my front garden.
Mountain lions sometimes show up in the Boulder area.

This is a lie. Sorry folks. Just like the dolphins in Venice and the elephants getting drunk on rice wine. Nature did not suddenly recover because some of the population stayed in their homes for 10 days. 

Jeepers.
Less aww, more AAAAAHHH
https://www.nationalgeographic.com/animals/2020/03/coronavirus-pandemic-fake-animal-viral-social-media-posts/

Fake animal news abounds on social media as coronavirus upends life
Bogus stories of wild animals flourishing in quarantined cities gives false hope—and viral fame.
Think the animals are noticing the lack of human presence ?
Clearly this is what the government is using to spy on us while they’re changing the batteries for the birds
Jamie pull that up
Looks like they don’t know about a company trailing them!
There are so many of them like one is scary enough but Jesus
Reminds me of the tainted cats from Shinsekai Yori
Instead of r/awww its r/AHHH!!!
How is it for people wanting to let their pets out?
They are the captain now
humans went extinct
Well yeah, *all the Cougars are quarantined in the cul-de-sacs*
Let. Them. Stay. 
It’s our turn to be encroached upon 👍
Stop, three days and now it’s jumangi?
They travel in herds...
Aren’t all the survivors going to end up in Boulder, anyway?  I mean, the ones that don’t go to Las Vegas.
Fellow Boulderite here, my grandma makes a point to mention it to every single person we talk to, finally get to see them!
Seems like you didn't take into account your Army of the 12 Monkeys factor.
I think what you meant to say was “City officials reintroduce mountain lions into Boulder to enforce quarantine”
More like ‘awww shit!’
My wife pointed out the third mountain lion on the right. That’s the one that would have gotten me.
We have a bobcats with kits off the golf course in Loveland CO. Last year one of the mountain lions up here got a few outdoor small pets before they caught it. Bobcats get the cats and rabbits.
It’s my cake day!
"Finally those dumb humans killed themselves, I'm gonna take a shit on this guy's lawn."
They’re just checking to make sure everyone’s ok
I’m not sure that this fits too well into”awww”, its scarier than hell.
Based on some ole’ Netflix special I just watched, I’d say they are looking for a Walmart meat truck.
... So if everyone is in lockdown... Who is going to relocate the mountain lions when lockdown is over 😅😅😅
More like r/awwshit
This shouldn’t be in r/aww, it should be in r/awwfuck!
Suppose they have every right to... land does not exist to belong to humans only
This is my neighborhood! One if my neighbors took that picture. It got kinda quiet in North Boulder the last few weeks, so the lions cane down to see what was going on!
Hoomans? Is every ok?
There is a wild boar family lives on the campus of Nanjing University for years, and in very recent, like a month ago, a wild boar was witnessed running on the empty street of Wuhan. interesting things when ppl stay indoor wildlife was found in street
That’s pretty cool
Whoa, I would be stumbling to the window in the early a.m. with my first cup of coffee and see Lion King and the Pride !
“Boulder releases 500 lions to keep people in during lockdown”
I used to live in Boulder! I was hiking on Flagstaff and saw a mountain lion once. It was only a small slope away from the first houses, so this photo does not surprise me at all.

Another time I was hiking at ncar with my cat and a ranger walked by, stopped and looked at my orange tabby and said "well that's not a mountain lion!"
All we got in NYC is a lot more visible rats.
People in lockdown worried about the wrong animal crossing
Just when you think there is only 2
Idk if I’d give this an aww... I’d give it an aww hell naw 😂 not in my yard
Or folks finally spend more time looking outside and notice the wildlife that roams through
The Earth is healing <3
Quarantine Patrol
It's only r/awww until they snatch your dog outta your yard while he goes out to pee at night.
Since when did mountain lions get so god damned big?

Now I wonder which would win a fight. A gray wolf vs one of those lions.

edit:

How about a versus a:

* brown bear
* polar bear
* crocodile
* moose
* honey badger
It would be nice if humanity gets into the routine of going on lockdown every so often to give the planet a break
It's amazing how quickly nature reclaims the land once there are less humans about.
This isn't cute this is bad
How is everyone here just joking this away? What if someone tells their kid to get the mail and those two jump out of a bush? What the fuck...?
I would die to see one on my front lawn with all my doors and windows firmly shut and my pets in the house! ♥️ ♥️
Not good, be careful mountain lions sound like birds chirping and large house cats crying they will attack you
This is not fucking aww, this is hundreds of house pets being eaten in a matter of DAYS. What is wrong with you people?

Edit: Mountain Lions are not normal cats, people. Yes they’re cute. That’s the only reason they’re illegal to hunt. Some groups mountain lions have been observed having over 80% of their diet being people’s pets. They’re NOT cute and cuddly animals we should be praising on /r/aww just because they’re hunting WAY MORE CONFIDENT

There not cute, and they’ll run off with your kid if it so much as wanders behind a car while you’re making sure traffic is safe to cross. It’s happened before plenty of times when they were FAR LESS CONFIDENT
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust

We all return from whence we came

The animals think we’re finally going and reclaiming

I’d be flattered that they liked my property honestly. They seem like a nice young couple.
Half aww, half WTF
How is this on the r/awww?

Lol that's horrifying
They are gorgeous !  Keep your pets inside though.
More like "aww...SHIT!" haha, I'll see myself out.
Let's be honest, they were already there before the lockdown.
This is wholesome.  Think about it.  Wild animals get a break in their explorations and routes.
Boulder is arguably the epicenter of Mountain Lion sightings in Colorado... 

Stay safe and don’t report them to CPW please. They don’t relocate, they just euthanize and me and my puma mates don’t wanna die.

Thanks.

-Mountain Lion Foundation Lead Research/Part Puma
*concerned interest*
Perfect opportunity to tell your kids to play outside.
"Awww" or "aaaahhhhh!"?
Hide ya kids
When they are coming to eat your pets but you still say aww
Quick, everyone, put out your Amazon boxes and maybe the Easter Mtn Lion will come visit and leave you a present.
Awwww, they're adorable!
Aww? Those are relentless killers. Your dogs, cats etc are going to get eaten. Not Aww.
Humans really did fuck things up for them. I hate myself and all of you.
And they say gun stores aren't essential services. :P
I like how this is posted to r/aww and not r/ahhh!
I get excited when I see deer in my yard in OH let alone a goddamn mountain lion. This is so cool. 😍
Aww...they want to eat my child. Isn't that CUTE?
This is not an aww, this is terrifying, those things will literally scalp you. No joke
[deleted]
"...meow, all the peeps are gone... sweet."
Time for us to take back our kingdom!!
Damn, those things are big.
the steel beasts be gone
Ah, yes. Let the cleansing begin.
Cool!
I hope there are no conflicts when people eventually start moving around normally again.
They're just window shopping
I’m not sure if this qualifies as *awwww* or *AHHHHH*
A couple of stray cat makes your quarantine better
Taking advantage of lockdown to reclaim their land
It's painfully clear that it wouldn't take long for the world to forget about humankind.
Utah or Colorado?
Holy hell!!!
WHOAAA
The boulder feels conflicted about this headline.
A song for the mountain lions:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QWDjLrIDLx4
They're just wondering where all the people are.
These unexpected consequences of the slowing of our activity are just awesome, we can't deny that we can make things change fast, even for the better.
Posted to awww? It should be awww fuck!
Nope!
Big boys in town
Sheesh
#gocougs
Oh daaaang! I’m down here near the Table Mesa station, where was that?!
That'll cut down on the feral dog and cat population.
Aww?

More like "AWW SHIT!!"
aww...Awhh..AAAWGGHHRRgrrhlch...
Holy shit the muscles on those things!
Fucking cool but also sad like the observable impact upon the environment is always there we just don't look
WTF
Nice!
Awesome!
Last summer we were in Boulder for the Dead & Co shows at Folsom Field. Checked into the Millenium House hotel, our room was on the first floor, looking towards the rear of the building. Get in there just after dark, my son goes out on the balcony.....and there is a GIANT BLACK BEAR literally RIGHT THERE. We started yelling at it, and there were about 10 people at the gazebo bar about 50 feet away (they all took shelter almost immediately). Bear made it's way along the building back towards the river. Crazy shit.
Oh boy, just what I wanted... mountain lions roaming the street.
Wow! That's so cool!
Coming to offer their support to Mother Abagail.
When the mice are away... ... the cats will play
They patrol to make sure everyone is safe at home
Nope nope nope nope nope nope
Call animal control
I want to let them, but I don't want to be eaten alive.
Good luck after quarantine
Haha, never thought the lines between r/aww and r/wtf would be so blurred.
I was wondering how long it would take to go 12 monkey
House shopping
Fuck those shits.  They took like 3 dogs from our neighborhood growing up.  The closest real life definition of a fairytale monster right there.
We had a mountain lion problem here in minturn a couple years ago... they killed our goats
More like Awwww shit!
Now where the hell are all the slow moving humans that you have being promising me . Oh mister big talking cat , I know where  all these two legged humans are do you  liar , liar  tail on fire .
Bloody fucking hell! I would shit my pants!!!!
Holy shit ...
Awwwwww...ahhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!
tell them to fuck off
Decent
You say 'Awww.'
I say 'Aaahhh!'
Where the fuck do you live? Mount Chiliad?
I lived in Colorado for 14 years. I loved living in Colorado Springs. I can't imagine what the wildlife is doing there. We had foxes move in under our neighbors porch two years in a row. A friend of mine lived closer to the foothills and she had bears and mountain lions in her neighborhood. It was scary. Especially if you had pets. This picture is beautiful and I love seeing the family together. It's very rare.
Every time I get one on a game camera it’s just the one. I get bears in pairs but I’ve never seen multiple cats. Very cool.
Apparently American mountain lions run in  packs now...
...
Is this a Twelve Monkeys thing?
r/nononono
Mountain lions are scary.
I didn't know they traveled in herds.
I saw two crows harassing a hawk the other day. I wonder if the crows and hawks now have to go for the same food, being that there's very little roadkill now...
Sorry to break it to you but they never moved out. They just stayed hidden and away from you.
This is the best news I've seen in weeks!
It's like the animals just bought new map DLCs.
That's more of a HOLY SHIT! Than an aww
This isn't "aww" ... this is scary as fuck.
What the fuck man, that’s scary
Apple already released Yosemite
Their normal food supply of trail runners has been cut off
I REALLY hope people in the area keep their pets inside.
At least they're smart enough to eat the rich
Wow, those cats are pretty well fed.
Hey Ma, that cat is back! And he brought friends.
They look like they're checking out the real estate.  Maybe they'll buy a house and you'll have new neighbors.
Little known mountain lion fact: they love to give humans rides.

Feel free to use this info and jump on one of their backs, OP.
That's yikes, not awww.
Streetgangs are really different in Colorado.
Para tenerlos en casa
[deleted]
This isnt cute. It's terrifying.
It's really startin to feel [Days Gone](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/S7BdBvKHrjk/maxresdefault.jpg) around here!
Damn I used to live in PA they were everywhere lol
The lions are walking like, "told you Martha, one day our mother will sting then hard enough that they'd not even dare to walk in their own territory"
Kinda crazy there moving in a pack, that's a newly developed trait thanks to humans.... covid and packs of mountain lions were all fucked
Perfect thing to patrol the hood. Keep y’all inside for sure!
😱
That first one is an absolute unit
Good kitty's patrolling the neighborhood
Proof they are just waiting for us all to die so they can take over again. Lol
Goes to show how quickly wildlife will come back and thrive as soon as humans are gone out of an area or completely.
The lack of capitalization for Boulder made me think the lions were literally digging into a giant rock and living in it.
Make sure joe rogan doesnt find out
Mr & Mrs Steven French are going to eat all of your pets.
That's one way to enforce quarantine.
Great book called "Path of the Puma" by Jim Williams that demonstrates just how vital and amazing mountain lions are. Such a fascinating creature!
Is that one in the back Pete Puma?
Are they actually moving back or is this like that episode of Simpsons where one bear is seen and everyone overreacts?
Scary!!
You’re next buddy
The third one just sneaks up on you in this photo
Mama and cubbies
It's Steve French.  He is hooked on the weed.
[It's all cute until the rabid mountain lion attacks. This happened a few miles north of Boulder a few weeks ago. ](https://www.reporterherald.com/mountain-lion-that-attacked-two-people-in-loveland-tests-positive-for-rabies)
Aww, Three sweet babies out for a walk in their new neighborhood.
Man, I love Boulder. This looks like a mom and her older Cubs. You really do get to see some awesome wildlife in this state.
are they young or why they together?
"Multiple Witnesses Claim Boulder Mayor Uttered 'Release The Lions' Into Phone After Citizens Broke Lockdown"
I'm surprised to see more lions in boulder than evergreen
It’s rewind time.
I saw giraffes today
That must be a young family because the thought of mountain lions forming unrelated packs is scary.
*Joey Diaz intensifies*

“It was 1984 in Boulder....”
Yes
Well Dang!!
This is gunna be in the next episode of JRE. “Hey Jamie, pull that picture up of those mountain lions roaming the streets of Boulder.”
That is awesome. Time to thin the herd.
This will be good for the general speed, agility, and itelligence of the local populace.
Damn i didnt even see the third one
The plot thickens.
More like r/awwshit!
Lol Hopefully they don’t make their way down to denver
CDC employee: I don’t know people still think being in lockdown is ridiculous and some are not abiding to the order. 

CDC manager: Ok..release the cats...
“This our land now.”
boulder, like a rock, or Boulder, like the city? You gotta capitalize, man.
Duuude!
stuff of my nightmares
Shouldn't this be in r/AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!
Here in north boulder I've been seeing more raccoons lately
Lisa, my rock isn't working anymore.
Forget it, Jake. It’s cougar town.
Man, wouldn't you just shit yourself?
Here in Santiago is the same, Pumas how we call them here, are roaming free in the city, almost empty city btw.
Do mountain lions take many lives in a year?
I’ve heard the Cougars in Boulder went out in packs but I didn’t expect THIS
Why is this in /r/aww? If you stepped outside infront of them it would turn into an /r/wtf post real quick.
First fake birds, now mountain lion robots. The government is getting out of hand
Just having a normal day, I look out the window and see lions.
The meat is supposed to be really good so turn those lemons into lemonade
"Jerry, where the fuck is everybody?  I'm a bit creeped out... I keep thinking I see faces in the windows, but when I turn, they're gone.  Can we just find something to eat and go home?  I don't know what happened here, but it can't be good."
[deleted]
Lock up your Crystal Gayle shirts, Karen is on the loose!
Well, I suppose it's a good thing you're stuck inside iif that's what's outside!
Life finds a way
Every picture of stuff like this makes me hope the Corona gets worse, and that makes me feel like a bad person.
Couldn’t happen to a nicer place...
I want the danger kitteh
Wow a mountain lion took a picture of another mountain lion family moving into their neighborhood
This is exactly what happens in post apocalyptic movies.
Those are big cats.
They look like they might be feline Mormons.
Not good...
That is SO AWESOME! I hope they aren't killed, or anything.
That’s pretty scary lol
“I’m gonna go for a bike....never mind!”
I'm glad school is online now, mountain lions own CU now
Killing Machines
This is nature's way of saying, "Stay the F inside!"
Umm ur house is next to lions?
Boulder also has deer that just walk down the roads.
Hoping people are really keeping in their pets indoors during self-isolation for this reason, providing you live in an area like this.
Coming for your pets
Yo wtf!? 
Where is this ?
Aww mittens made some friends
crazy how fast nature will reclaim the world when humans aren't around.
r/hardcoreaww
As much as they are cute am I the only one concerned?
"Arthur Morgan has left the chat."
here kitty, kitty, kitty!!

&#x200B;

Seriously, keep your pets indoors. and take them potty on a leash.
“Pspspspspspspspspspspspsp!”
MOOOOOOM! That weird cats back in our yard! *Blink* mutherfucker!
Man I have been in Colorado for almost 10 years now and I still havent seen one in person. Even living at 9000' for the past 5 years.
Seen an influx in wildlife in general around the world. There’s a Canal behind my house, i live in the West Midlands, England. We always have Geese, Ducks, Swans, Pigeons, Seagulls, Sparrows, Ravens, Crows, Mag Pies, Pied wagtails, Bats (can see them flying low at night) and even a few Herrons. I live in quite an Urban area so so much wildlife is strange. Since Lockdown though I’ve seen a group of Hawks or Falcons (Probably Sparrow Hawks) move in near me, we sometimes see Red Foxes but are they’re more common now. We get a lot moretypical British wildlife than usual anyways but since people have been inside I’ve seen more of them and some that we don’t usually get around here.
Well that escalated fast. Lol
ironically, a Cougar took the pic
-- My grandma passed during quarantine

-- oh my god! The virus?

— the lions
Look at that cute little guy in the back!
Oh wow!!
All these examples of wildlife moving into territories unoccupied by humans reminds me of the book The World Without Us by Alan Weisman. It poses the question of how would nature react if all humans disappeared. The sobering answer: nature wouldn’t even realize we’re gone and the world would be better off.
That is a free meal right there.
Hide ya cats Hide ya wife.
Is the cat in the back spotted? Idk...bout this one Bob.
Surprised to see two mountain lions so close together and a bobcat so close...
He's just a big ole kitty!
hah!
Where is the real estate agent
I don’t know if I can believe anything else posted like this since I found out the Venice canals and drunk elephants were a lie.
Serious question: how common is it to see mountain lions in neighborhoods in Boulder? Is this because of the lock down or just a coincidence?
I though they were more solitary
r/awwshit
This is an aww moment? Better in what the f~c , stay inside during corona time...
R/aww? More like R/ahhhhh!
This is not AWWWW!   This is AHHHHHHHH!!!!!!! (sounds of panicked running)
The weird thing is we have had way more mountain lion sightings this winter compared to past years even before all of this started. I live in California though.
On their way to steal some mattresses..
Italy gets dolphins and swans. We get mountain lions.
Only way to force people to stay inside their homes!
Only language humans understands
They certainly camouflage well. Terrifying.
Encouraging one and all to respect the lockdown and do their part.
Fuuuckkk Andy Dwyer was on to something when he was trading for lions🤔🤔🤔
This thing is starting to play out like that short story *The Other Side* by Alfred Kubin.
Anyone else only notice 2 at first glance?
Crazy to me that they’re roaming together. None look juvenile to me, so it can’t be a family unit. They are solitary creatures and usually their domain spans for miles and miles unless challenged by another ML. The mommas will even resort to fighting and attacking their young once they seem ready to be on their own so she can leave without them following.
Wouldn't this be more of Aww shit!
Good to know Steve French is doing okay.
That is badass. Obviously dangerous but those cats are swoll!
u/StoJa9

u/remotectrl
So it only takes a week. Shit in 3 months we're gonna have to cut or way out.
Huh... I Am Legend made it seem like it took years for wildlife to come into rural areas... apparently it just takes days.
That’s cool but I don’t know that my reaction would be ‘aww’.
4 walls and a roof are the only thing seperating this from r/aww and r/ahshit
Ok so don’t let the pets out to walk themselves. Got it.
This is pretty cool. But why is this in /r/aww?
They live inside a rock?  Must be off screen?
Probably hungry from lack of trash/food from irresponsible campers.
Now we must refer to them as Mapleton Hill Lions.
Ppl who have house pets who go outside. Please be careful
Those things will tear you to shreds
That's great 🥳👍
Someone call Joe Exotic!
They look so confused
As far as I can see there's no 1,5m between them
Aww? Them fuckers will eat your dog
Did you yell at them from a window. I probably would have yelled at them from a window.
Mountain Lion King for the spin off?
The zoo just opened it's doors lol 😂😂😂😂
NA BIG CATS REPPIN' THE 720, SUP
It’s almost like nature has been waiting for this🤣
One time we saw 3 bears in our back yard a mom and 2 cubs
Here kitty kitty..or dog
This is anything but “aww.”
If you’re cold. They’re cold. Being them inside.
That's two big fuck no's
r/hardcoreaww
Shit is this on Arapahoe?
Maybe they are looking for stragglers?
Just goes to show how long it will take for nature to reclaim it's territory once we leave a place.
Just.. where?
Out of the two on the left, the one in the back just looks like a big happy cat, but the one in the front looks like it wants to eat my face
Just so lovely.
Lions there, coyotes in San Francisco,  wild boars in italy, I love critters taking over their territory once again.
Hey isn't that Jon Benet Ramsey's house?
Kitty!
Big kitties
