we need the whole album dude.
Here are more pictures: http://imgur.com/gallery/RREDweZ

Credit to our amazing photographer Sarah at https://www.wallyandroops.com/
How much was it? Asking for future reference
If I had the money, I would as well. Hats off to you and your kitteh! So cute and such good art to hang on your walls!
This is some next level majestic shit
Wow wow wow. Super impressed. If my cat wasn’t terrified of everything, I would so want to do this. Super impressed.
Love the ["paw in puddle"](https://i.imgur.com/5JOqyBp.jpg) photo!!!
I don’t care what you paid. It was worth it.
[Have done this with my chickens](https://imgur.com/gallery/CnG3R). Definitely no regrets.
Money well spent
except it totally paid off thats way more professional than an iphone picture or whatever imo.
Oh my gosh. I love your cat.
What a cute little fur ball. Those are great! Did the photographer use a flash?
**WARRIOR CATS**
Beautiful!  Your photographer really had talent and an excellent eye!
This is like one of those photos they pre-set as your lock screen 😍
Wow, I need to do this for my dogs. I wish I had done this for my cat. This made my day, thank you for sharing.
That expression in the second to last pic of the album— you have a model on your hands. 

I enjoyed that album more than any other engagement or wedding album ever.
Worth it!
Worth every penny!
Looks a lot like the coastline of Vancouver Island, was this near cattle point?
Stop, now I want to do this 😩
Oh my god. Where do you even find a professional pet photographer?
Love it! Your cat is my phones wallpaper now.
I love this actually
Are you going to pay the medical bills of the photographer? Your cat seems to have found its prey. 

Lol just messing. Nice photos.
It's already difficult to photograph a human, imagine animals. Amazing job from the photographer, who clearly knows what they're doing and are killing it!
r/praisethecameraman
That's an awesome photo.
Deadly!
I think (legit) professional artists are worth every penny
“Fierce”
Looks like Victoria/Vancouver Island.
I would print this on huge canvas and fill up my wall.
Put this on Photoshop battle, I'd love to see the edits! I bet someone's going to put an exploding car behind him.
I love this!
Fierce creature on the prowl!
OP got their stimulus check already
the orange eyes look dope
Your cat is so majestic. Just loved the whole album. Did you also take a few with your cat?
He looks like an owl
What a beautiful picture!!! I'm super jelly not gonna lie :)
That is tooo damn adorable
Well that just made my day (and it's not even 8am here and I'm still in bed)
r/supermodelcats
Fabulous photo! Well worth commissioning a professional. What is the cat’s name?
He would like to sell you the finest gems and textiles in the land. Oh and some Skooma
Did the photographer have any problems trying to get your cat to sit still or face the camera? 
Beautiful photos by the way.
He is georgious i understand youre happy
Love it. This is not easy with one's own cat, with
an unfamiliar one was certainly challenging. Did you work with treats or was it just a matter of patience?
Money well spent in this trying time; so beautiful!
I want to hire that photographer - that's brilliant!
SHOW ME MOREEEEE
You can really see the panther inside this one.
That cat would look very menacing if it weren’t for the part where it weighs 5 pounds.
Where’s the cat?
just needs an explosion in the background
I read first read that as "professional *photoshop*" and couldn't believe how well it was done.
Superbly done. He has a beauty spot left upper lip!!!
I would like to pay Sarah the photographer to document my cat pulling a loaf of bread from the cabinet, onto the floor, and eating his way through the plastic bag in order to have a few bites of bread before leaving it on the floor to get stale overnight. Do you think she'd be willing to set up camp?
How much did the session cost you?
Damn, my cat would have peaced out and went chasing some birds or shit if I tried this.  Nice work.
What an adorable little badass!
What did you pay
Nice
Cat’s a natural!
Thank you
I don't know if it's because I'm high AF right now but [this one](https://i.imgur.com/LcaeJCB.jpg) is really nice
I think if I took my cat out to the wilderness and set her down she would bolt into the woods immediately. She has a knack for making a bee-line for wherever we don’t want her to be.
That’s cool af
He's Quentin Tarantino kitty.
Did he survive?
How much money
well paid
These pics are amazing!!
You are my hero.
Cats are the best! Thanks for sharing.
Amazing!!
I want to do this so badly but I am afraid he will run off or something while we are on an outdoor set.
Acadia?
carol baskin?
So cute
Gorgeous!!!
My baby girl needs this. However, my brother in law is an artist and did a wood burn etching portrait of her. He did one of my wife's dog, as well.
My cat would have ran off. Probably he would have got hit by a car. He likes rubbing against things.
Professional cat photos just hit different to dog ones. This is coming from a dog person
What an adventurous kitty!!!
Wow I’m in love
Now I know the difference between my cat photos and instgram famous cat is a professional photographer.
Gorgeous kitty! Beautiful photos, the photographer did incredible work.
MOLE!
Epic.
No regrets at all, how much did it cost?
Wow! That looks amazing! Money well spend!
JOE EXOTIC, is that you?
Nice cat
Very nice photo
I love this! Is your cat polydactyl?
I like how the environmental colors match the eyes and fur
What a cute little hunter.
Damnit I need to do this now with my cats. It's incredible! Thanks for sharing! He (I'm assuming because he looks like a he) is beautiful!
Awesome.
Those eyes! Last thing you see.
awesome - what does one have to commit for a "professional" photo of their little furry killer?
🥺👉🏼👈🏼
“Would you just look at it!” -Emilio Bassmaster

[Just look at it!](https://tenor.com/Q8MQ.gif)
Oh that is just beautiful.
Kitty! 😍
Woah...a thing like that!
Majestic kitter is majestic!
Holy shit. This has gotta be the best picture of a cat I've ever seen. I love the gaze, how the background colors match the cat's coat, and macro focus.
Nice
Solid-ass decision!
oh
This is everything.
I need to see all of these!!!
😎
This is awesome!
Welp. I know what I wanna do with my life now.
Sing the Mean kitteh song
r/praisethecameraman
Not bad! That overexposed sky was kinda bugging me tho, so [i fixed it for you](https://i.imgur.com/cpAs9pn.jpg).
No regerts! Errr...No recats?!?
Wow. This is just beautiful.
Thats amazing 😯
Your cat is gorgeous!! 😍😍😍
This feline needs his own movie. 

I mean, just add some titles and you already have the poster!
You have earned those sweet, sweet updoots
Damn! I love it! Thanks for the idea!
Why we can't be so cool on photos?
Nice
So cool! Was it kitty's first adventure outdoors? It looks like they became an instant hunter hero of whom songs will be sung for ages to come.
Amazing
Beautiful eye color
Fucking Majestic
I give this picture ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
I'd like this job, please.
I’d love to do this with my dog!
Bad ass
Wow world class quality photo of the cat I see in reddit ever.
I love it!!!
Wow! Love this very much.
Man animal photographers like the guy who did this are so talented, like how do you set up this picture and make it happen
Daaaammmnn that’s good
What a beautiful album! Your cat looks badass!
Did you just take your cats out to the woods? I'd be so afraid mine would go investigate and get lost
Talented brilliant amazing spectacular showstopping
No ragrats.
You wasted your money!
THIS IS HOW I'M GONNA SPEND EXTRA MONEY AS SOON I CAN HUG AGAIN MY CHONKY, FUCK HOLIDAYS AND CLOTHES
He has a beauty mark! 😻
Our* cat
I wish I looked that good
This is amazing
That hunting eyes 😍
It's like she's silently singing "Roar"! Adorable!
I think your cat was definitely born to be a model
I hope compensated your photographer well for doing such a magnificent job. #ProfessionalPhotographers
He looks like Mog
How do they do that, people can knock photographers all they want but its not as easy as it looks
MONEY WELL SPENT
Adorable and intense expression
Can i use the album for my desktop wallpaper??
Great work, shows what a pro can do.
Aww, he looks just like my tabby.
This reminds me of some MechWarrior shit man. I don't know.
He is so handsome I could die
omg so cute
Ahhhhh so ferocious!
I might need to do this for my cat
You have no reason for regrets. That is awesome!
Apex predator
A truly fierce boi
That’s a sick pic
That's a great picture, u/loverstits
Fierce!
Magnificent!
Ferocious! Lol
I love how they've chosen locations that complement the colours of the cat's fur and eyes
Is that lava?
My cat jumped on top of me while I was getting my senior pics taken, money well spent
Dope!
Meeeeeeeow!
That looks like a kickass cat.
r/pics
like a tiger
r/thatsamazing
Money well spent.
That BLEP tho !
I get more intimidated the more I zoom in
Your cat looks like he is about to slap the cameraperson
PSPSPSPSPSPS
Fierce!
oh...my...god
He has a beauty mark!!!!!
So majestic
thanks for the sweet photo, u/Loverstits
Led Zeppelin
Why is your cat a sith?
Looks like a promotional image for Warrior Cats.
Money well spent
It’s very beautiful !
What a beautiful baby! I needed this today! Thank you ♥️🐱
The black & white one at the end is absolute fire.
And now it's my lockscreen , Thanks
Niceeee
666th comment
Just saw the album. Lol ur cats professional 🤣🤣🤣
The Cindy Crawford beauty mark...such a Super Model!
wow... could almost be a wildcat in the scottish highlands- beautiful
Bro is that in Iceland?
I want this as a fleece blanket.
Awesome pics!
I love him. He’s seems like a happy little kitty.
This is absolutely delightful!  What a beautiful kitty cat you’d got!  I also do not regret your paying for this and I am so pleased that you have shared this album!  Thank you!
Love it. Fierce kitty.
beautiful
I would not want to be a mouse!
Your kitty is beautiful <3
How did that photographer get a cat's attention so well??
Looks like it owns 51% of your entire assets, a full on boss bitch 😂
This is now the background on my phone.
so cute
These pictures would fit perfectly as a cover for the Warrior cats book series.
Issa gorgeous kitty
These are beautiful. I'd love to get one for my dog. She's a senior and I don't really have any good photos of her to hang around the house.
Beautiful!
Fantastic!
Wow they're all amazing. Kudos to the photographer. 

Are you going to print these? What's the plan? (If you don't mind me asking)
Fabulous mf
This is vicious! My cat would just sleep and glare at the cameraman.
so high def.  pretty.  much wow.
Awesome photos! Money well spent!
If this isn't the best thing I've seen all month
Your cat looks like a witcher.
How magnificent the cat  is !
Dayum, this is some fire stuff! I gotta get this for my cat too!
These are gold
Didn't know that cheetahs came in a smaller version.
What a beaut!
Nice
This looks like a cover for the warrior series.
😻😻😻😻😻
Your cat is beautiful and majestic. I love it.
Now I see how lions belong to the cat family
Totally worth it! :)
Niiiiice
Jesus, where do you live?
All of these are golden!
The photographer does an excellent job of bringing out the savage hunter in your lazy, pain-in-the-ass cat.
This is prime material for r/supermodelcats
Lil puma
Your cat is a Warriors’ cat. Check out the book series illustrations and you’ll see what I mean.
Oh my gawd, this is crazy funny. I sometimes take a photo of the ginger tosser who sleeps on my bed for my snapchat streak, i dont think he knows I'm doing it cos he probably shred my arm ... your cat seems nice though
Damn worth every penny
My cat looks this amazing all the time just trust me you don’t need to see the evidence of it just trust me my cat looks just like this and is also completely as awesome as this no I don’t have a picture but who does oh okay they do but nonetheless my cat is completely this awesome and I would have posted a pic if I had time who has time to follow their cat around and post a pic of their awesomeness I could totally do that now with the quarantine I’m gonna do it and you’ll all see that my cat just sits here and does nothing so no good pictures but very perfect kitty cat with love to all pets they are saving us during this quarantine aren’t they? ❤️
Ahh my weekend is complete I can go to sleep on Sunday and wake up Monday knowing that I've seen some great pictures of a beautiful cat.

Thankyou.
I wonder if professional photographers enjoy jobs like this. Or maybe you need to go to someone who specializes in taking pictures of pets, since you gotta have a specific patience you don’t need when you can communicate with the subject.
Kazmir out here auditioning for a supporting role in Tiger King
I wanna see the rest of the photos
Dank
So pretty! Great pics!
Nice!
Sweet! But the range of emotions not fully prtrayed by Cat! Nevertheless worth every cents paid!
I hate to be the poor creature this kitty is targeting. Kitty focus.
there should be a r/badasscats where u post this stuff

edit: wow there actually is
As a professional pet photographer myself, I’m really happy to see such a positive response here! Sometimes people can be judgey about others spending money on pet photos lol. Very cute cat, very talented photog
Gorgeous!
What is the name of your planet, friend?
These are brilliant, the whole album is good, but this one I like best, because of the colors Can you please put a bit on each day, do I can cheer my old Mum up with them. She won't be able to do album, and I'm not sure I can on my phone. Thank you.
This one looks like he’s ready to do battle. My other favorite is his profile of just his head where his whiskers are backlit
Anything for reddit karma
Wow.  Great photos--props to the photographer, and your cat.
And they wanted you to pay for this? For me, petting the cat would've been enough payment
Best choice you've ever made..
In my opinion
Totally doing this
Does your cat normally go outside? I be afraid one of my cats would bolt :(
You even got a professionally captured mlem!
My cat would’ve just turned her head last second or moved out of the way of the camera
Crikey look at him go! Such a majestic creature roaming the outback. I’d wouldn’t want to anger this feisty feline.
Thats puurrfection
This is everything
I love the thought of your cat just being weirded out cuz it is being asked to spend a few hours with some strange dude.
After considering the picture and the awards this post received.. it definitely paid off.
Gotdam. That professional is a professional.
This could be a cover of a "Warrior Cats" book! Stunning!
He was born to be in front of the lens. Looking all handsome & adventurous. He's a natural! ♡

Edit: AAAH! I'm beyond in love with the 2nd to last phone of him mid-meow!!... Oh, and the one with the tip of his little tongue sticking out. Hims a tough & wild tiger guy.  🐈🐯🐅
How do they get the colors like this on the camera?
The all mighty cat
Completely worth it. Gorgeous!
####I love my cat
What did your cat think? XD
Jeeezzz
Gdang that photo is lit!
Xddd
Wtf did you not stay inside. Anyways nice photo
İf I wes, I would give too
So fierce!
No rugrats
r/miniworlds
Majestic
Is there a subreddit for professional photos of cats?
Beautiful cat. No RAEGRETS!...or however that meme went. Still, lovely cat.
Dam
When a cat has cooler pics than yours..
These are so wonderful!! 😸💕
MJAF
I am so jealous!
how much did it cost
*h E  w a l k i n*
Thank you for sharing your beautiful cat! I needed this today! Beautiful work from the photographer!
Money well spent!
National Geographic Cover
That is complete awesomeness superior.
Wow! It turned out great!
Now your cat has to do 340k push ups and 1k squats.
Thank you, Loverstits.
It looks fabulously epic
r/SuperModelCats
Wow. 😍😍😍
Damn as an Icelandic person I was almost sure but I guess Canada and Iceland are kinda similar at some places
I love your kitties photos! I am so glad you got them done.

I am a photographer and thinking about branching off into pet photography, do you mind if I ask how did you find your photographer? And how much did you pay?
As a photographer, thank you. So often people think you can just buy a pricey camera and get professional results. There’s so much more to it than that. Your photographer rocked the hell out of this. I personally love that she edited with such a dark and moody style. So much more personality than the light and airy trend we usually see these days. Kudos to her - and to you and your wonderful cat - for creating this together.

Edit: Wait a minute - you’re from Victoria? Now I get why this location feels familiar!
sick name and adorable cat
Hey! Thought this was incredible, and decided to draw your cat! [https://imgur.com/a/mAByeho](https://imgur.com/a/mAByeho)
That Cat is redy to straike 😸😸
r/shittyhdr
This is glorious.
Beautiful photos!
Imma pounce!
I love this so much, it's worth every penny
Ride the tiger.
You can see his stripes but you know he's clean.
Oh don't you see what I mean? 🎶
I know your cats name is Kazmir....but I'm hearing Zepplin's "Kashmir" with these for some reason. Probably the general badassery.
Beautiful! Money well spent!
Thank you for sharing these incredible photos and being a positive person in the middle of this. I really needed this today. Wish you nothing but the best
Kittie lookin feisty.
Well brilliant work by the photographer, but they had a great model to work with, i tell you
Serious question, how do you prevent your cat just run away?
How did u keep your cat from running away? Mine would split lol
This got me thinking maybe I should look into this for our dog & possibly cat. Looks like a worth it thing to do
First, this is great...Second, do you take your cat outside often? So you were comfortable having her out? Just wondering how the logistics worked.
It's funny, stupid, and also beautiful... I love it!
Totally worth it.
How much did you pay for all this!!!??
I’m actually pretty sure I’d be really good at this job.
Excellent investment!
Brilliant!
No regrets at all! Very nice
Nice click
So cool!!
What a ferocious looking little panther! 🐆
 Kazmir  is sooooooo haaaaaaandsome!
You have a beautiful pet :D
Oh my gosh, he's a natural!
He’s like “I will.... get pet by you.”
I am za tizer

meow
The hardest graduation pictures!
That's cool but we wanna see the rest
😻
Looks like your cat is trekking his way to Markarth.
Swiping Right on this fella
Glamour Cat 😅
Great photos! What a handsome fella!
That magnificent!!
Your cat looks like a natural predator.
Make a calendar out of the 12 best photos, randomly generate 12 motivational quotes, put them together and sell them. You'll make a profit.
Daaaayuumm
Your cat looks like it could lead an army into battle!
Somehow this is hilarious
Wow, beautiful!
That is money well spent!!
nice
You nerd. I love it
I would love to do that if my cat wasn’t so shy!
Just when I thought the internet couldn't handle any more cat pictures, you went ahead and gave us this amazingness!
The rest of the world is out here dying , this guys getting epic cat photos.
Wow, the photos are amazing! Your baby is a natural model! 😍
Thats probably the most majestic cat I've ever seen...
[removed]
Sky is blown out.
Love the background!!! Can you share the original photo please? 😀
I hate to be that person and I really don't intend to sound rude, but you should credit the photographer if the rules of the subreddit allow for it (I'm not entirely certain if they do).
Why is Reddit so obsessed with cats?
Looks majesticaly bad ass. As a cat should.
"No no no no get ^it Out
[removed]
Simply Majestic
Woaw it’s beautiful! Now i want to do that with my two kitties!
Very cool proud mamma/daddy moment :)
Mini house tiger
That made my day 100x better.
That is some baller shit my dude. Props to the photographer.
Cool!
It’s the eye of the tiger, it’s the thrill of the fight.....
Super model cat!
You have a really beautiful cat :)
The cat must be very confused. "Why is this person I don't know following me around and holding up a square object (I assume the camera is square) to their face?"
I'm lichen it.
The thing that most surprises me is the 30+ awards.
He has such menacing eyes but is still so cute!
Gorgeous photo
The King Kazmir : [https://i.imgur.com/AQJBT4Q.png](https://i.imgur.com/AQJBT4Q.png)
Holy shit I need one for my dog
Great capture, indeed ! 

And of course a very beautiful cat. Would be worth a painting out of this. You got a great photographer here.
This is impressive
Cat is beautiful! ❤️
It might have something to do with the photographer's skills, but I also think your house panther is pretty excellent, fancy phptographer or not
Im on lsd right now and can confirm it was worth it to make that photo
Is your cat exxxtra thicccc or am i just weird
Looks great
Except it totally paid off thats way more professional than an iphone picture or whatever imo.
Starving children in third world countries would be like "Wait, you did what with your money?"
Yes
No lie, I’d do this too ♥️
Wow!!!
What a handsome boi
So you hired a professional and didnt even take an [epic glamour portrait?](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0344/6469/files/awkward_senior_photo_large.jpg?v=1486063326)

I bet you feel stupid now
How much it cost? Thinking of doing this myself
Wow, more resolution than half of r/earthporn
Set it as a [wallpaper for my phone](https://imgur.com/a/Y9RMygs)
gorgeous. frame it!
They certainly captured the hunter in him
lmfao I should do this for money. I wonder if there's demand for these...
That's great!
I immediately need a cat!
Oops it magically turned into my wall paper haha,  and i edit your name as credit on the pic just incase  if anyone ask where i got it  hope thats okay 😊
Hey fellow maple bear. Thanks for the sharing, your cat is now my phone's wallpaper !
Cool!
This would make a great “Warriors” cover.
Such a fine kitty
Awesome.
Beautiful creature!
This looks amazing!
He’s so precious!! 💙😻
Whoa that’s one hardcore kitty!!!
SO GOOD
That's why I only take professional photos of my cats. It's worth it
Your photographer's good
Yess this is so beautiful. I want this for my cats too
I'm glad to live in a world where crazy cat parent is trending.
Damn dude that’s some sexy fuckin magnum photos
You know what you have to do now.
Great pics!!
Pretty sure "no regrets" is connected to Levi
One of the best thing you could spend money on. Absolutely brilliant pictures!
WoW it's so beautiful that my phone's lagged by juste trying to zoom in !
thicc
Oh shit thats epic
[removed]
Kazmir looks gorgeous not gonna lie ^(but those are not very professional photos)
Oh you think this is "your cat." This cat actually owns you!
I can do it better. Lol
ITS PHOTOSHOPPED!!! Bejuses.
r/shittyhdr
I know a few folks that might use this as inspiration for spending their COVID-19 stimulus checks...
Why are cat people so weird
... You paid for this? Lmao a fool and his money are easily parted.
This is so white.
no ragrets?  really, you have no ragrets?
Letting your cat freeroam outside is some serious irresponsible pet ownership though, to be clear
[removed]
Meh, could have spent the money on helping out on the pandemic
Haha paid .
Did you by chance pay in exposure? /s
I could have taken this photo with a camera
u/There_is_another69
[deleted]
You have my downvote
What is wrong with you?
That’s some money well spent
Baaahhhahahahah WhyTF??
this is why millenials can't afford houses
salmon killer
So..
This is what money is for.
Splendid, thank you.
Im the 300 th comment
Peak bourgeoisie.
Another reason why millennials can’t afford houses
you couldnt do this with decent camera phone? sure regret
Cat.
