Beautiful sisters with an incredible bond. You ladies have me in tears over here. 🥰
My lil sister died from leukaemia a few years ago. I would’ve have shaved my hair billion times if needed. Support your beautiful sister at all cost. Wish you all the best
“I’m gonna go through this with you.”  Best older sis ever!
Yall are rocking the bald look. 

\- Bald guy
'I don't care about them...I love you'😭😭😭
Nothing replaces or replicates those families that share love like this.  This is heartbreaking and beautiful.  Made my fucking day.
Got me crying here during the day!
Takes a lot of courage to shave your eyebrows. Kudos to her for making her sister feel better tho!
❤❤❤ That is awesome...I cant even get my sister to share a bag of chips. But this is love right here..
No lie this made me cry. Not tear up but actually start crying. Both those girls are beautiful in every way. Their parents must be so proud.
Two beautiful young women with beautiful souls!!
r/humansbeingbros
She's right. Haircuts, eyebrows, makeup, none of it means a damn thing. When her younger sister emerges on the other side of whatever's happening, she will be stronger than ever and able to see through the transparency of so much of life's bullshit.
My wife and I just recently stopped trying to get pregnant. Our second daughter still born at full term in 2017. Our oldest daughter is 6.

My wife wanted so desperately to give our 6 year old a sibling closer in age so "she wouldn't have to face the world alone." This video is an example of that. 

She is an amazing big sister.

Edit: a sentence
Such beautiful sisters. I hope you stay this close your whole life. I am 62 and my sister 60, we are still best friends!
Her reaction to her sis shaving her eyebrows brought me to tears. She is 100% right, none of that is what makes you a beautiful person. I lost my mom to brain cancer when I was 5, I remember when she first started losing her hair she would cry every time she looked in the mirror. I wish I knew what was going on back then so I could of let her know that to me she was always beautiful.
I don't normally up vote humans in r/aww, but holy f-in' feels that was powerful.
Pls tell your sister she is beautiful.  Bald women (and girls) always look so strong  and gorgeous.

You are an awesome sister too.
No one with cancer is ugly. Only cancer is ugly.
What a wonderful sister. Little one will have much more strength knowing that she has someone dedicated to her well being! ❤
I wish someone loved me this much
Man I would need a stiff drink before I think about the eyebrows. She just fucken went for it. I cant believe it. 

Both of them are a couple of badasses and their parents should be really proud.
I'm crying this is so heartwarming. So beautiful 💕
i will like this video everytime i see it
The first time I saw a woman with a shaved head was Persis Khambatta in *Star Trek: The Motion Picture* (1979).  I thought (and still do) she was gorgeous. Now it's pretty mainstream.
Reminds me of when my mom was going through Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma and I tried to shave my head to show support. Keyword; ***tried***.

Shortly after her hair started falling out from the chemo, she decided to shave it all off to save time. She tried wigs, she tried bandanas, she tried hats, but none of it helped. She just wasn't comfortable and felt ugly.

So, me being the smart 10 year old I was at the time, thought about all those times on TV I saw families shave their heads to support their family members battling cancer. My mom's BF was bald already so he was ahead of the game.

Me, however, had a full thick head of hair that I inherited from my mom. Wavy, thick, dark, Italian hair. The kind that gets knots. Anyway, I was 10 and had zero idea how to cut hair, but I knew my mom kept electric clippers under her sink in the bathroom. I snuck in on a Sunday night when she went to sleep and swiped them. Went to my bathroom on the other side of our house where you couldn't hear them running, and just went to town. Again, I'm 10. No experience cutting hair.

After about 30 minutes of going to town, thinking I got all my hair off, I settled and put the clippers back where I took them from and went to bed. Waking up the next morning, I locked my door and got ready for school. After I was dressed, I opened up my bedroom door and my mom immediately shouts "WHAT. DID. YOU. DO." and starts balling her eyes out. 

I'm thinking I'm somehow in trouble because she's yelling so I'm terrified and crying now too, trying to say "I jUSt WanTEd tO ShOw YoU I sUpPoRT aNd LovE yOu aNd I wAnNA bE BaLD iF yOu HaVE tO Be!!!"  Like literally choking on my words trying to explain myself and she just falls on the floor and grabs me and doesn't let go for a good 10 minutes, just rubbing my back. It took me a long time to realize she wasn't crying or mad because I shaved my head. 

Also, I definitely should never cut hair because I missed pretty much the entirety of the back of my head. Good old momma had to fix that so we we're about an hour late for our day that morning but all she could do was smile.

Mom's been in remission now for 17 years and still going strong. :)
You two actually look gorgeous together
In the words of the immortal Joey Shithead; "TALK MINUS ACTION EQUALS ZERO"
♡♡♡♡♡
Can I just say how beautiful the shape of your heads are? And also, the shape of your love and support for each other? (BRB - gonna message my sister now.)
This is so cute I’m so glad she has such a strong sister figure to show her what really matters
They're both beautiful.
Gabby you are gorgeous!!!! So is your sister! My mama went through chemo last year and she has a whole new set of hair now. Seriously you look like a badass celebrity with out hair and so does your sister!
This is a beautiful moment. Thank you for posting.
You have the unique advantage of filtering out the closed minded people without even having to interact with them.  If they can't even be open to your alternative beauty, fuck 'em.  Saved yourself the time of getting to know them and then finding out they suck, like most of us have to do.  Stay beautiful!
I'm not sure what this girls story is, but i know mine - i have alopecia which is caused by an autoimmune disease and it makes my hair fall out. It made its first appearance my senior year of high school. I already didn't have many friends because i had a rough home life. Eventually all of my hair fell out, eyebrows, eyelashes, the whole of it. One of the few close friends I had was a sweet boy who always stood up for me. He invited me over one day and shaved his whole head and I sobbed. He told me I didnt have to feel alone and it was one of the most sincere and genuine things any person has ever done for me. This girls sister is amazing. She is exactly who she needs. Much love.
We don't care about them either Gabby! You're beautiful just the way you are! Stay strong and keep on! :) much respect to you and your sister!
Both of you guys are beautiful <3
r/kidsraisedright
ive always thought women looked badass with short/shaved heads
Aaaaaaand I’m bawling on the floor.
Beautiful.
You are so beautiful!  Don’t ever think you are anything but beautiful.
I can honestly say I know how that girl is feeling. My mom did the same thing for me. She woke me up one morning to take my meds and there she was, standing there bald.
Y’all this is probably one of the nicest things you can do and people in the comments are portraying this person to be a POS because she filmed it. Y’all are pathetic. P A T H E T I C.
Just remember Furiosa is a bad ass
She is not ugly at all.  Good siblings.
God damn it my eyes are sweating again!!!
U are a beautiful girl. Strong and beautiful!!!!
They are both beautiful.

In the movie My Sister's Keeper (2009), Cameron Diaz's character shaved her beautiful long hair to show support for her daughter Kate who has leukemia (APL).

The scene: https://youtu.be/3VW9Pkey-aM
I am not crying in my work van, You are!!! I have to ask, cancer? Alopecia? Just curious. Own it Furiosa!! I know that's easier said than done, especially as teenager.
This crushed me... despite my cynicism around why such an intimate moment was filmed.
They both look awesome!
This made my day 💙😭💕
What a great sister.
Aw. Nice big sister.
Wow. What an incredible relationship. Those sisters are beautiful, inside and out.
♥️♥️♥️♥️ awesome sister
This is so sweety❤️ This is what I call 
LOVE❤️
Fuck, my heart 😭😭😭😭
This is what family truly means.  You're both beautiful.
I regret so much refusing to do this for my mother when I had the chance. She died when I was 13.
This is what I wanted to see
Rare that id ever be so terribly moved to comment on just how precious something truly is. And this is just that.

Seriously, literally the best sister one can have.
You are both absolutely beautiful.
Bitch I'm going to cry-
#You are both BEAUTIFUL!
It's enough to make a grown man cry...

but that's okay
Honestly- I think I’m more impressed that she shaved her eye brow dry.  That takes a superhuman ability.
Well luckily I’m stuck at home and can openly weep at these two beautiful individuals without holding back.
I thought the title was saying that the sister thought the person who was supporting her was ugly
This is the most wholesome and positive thing I have ever seen. Forget the dogs saving fucking fish on the ground. this is sibling love and this really tells me there is really incredible people in the world today. That girl should get an award. And if anyone says anything bad about this is will drive to their house with a mask and gloves on and punch them in the dick so many times. And if it's a girl I wont hit cause I guess you cant hit girls. This post is amazing
Why do I watch these knowing I’m going to cry like a baby??
Wow... This really got me crying. ♥️ 2 beautiful souls. Sending you my best wishes and good luck to you both.
Oh man I’m sitting at dinner having to explain to my wife why I’m crying.
holy shit....first few seconds I thought it was really sweet, but when she started shaving her eyebrow and said "these are meaningless" I seriously teared up. Didn't fucking see that coming. The reaction of her sister was priceless.
What wonderful sisters. They are both such beautiful young women and they clearly have a sisterly love that runs deep.
The only bad thing about being bald is if you have a weird shaped skull. I’ve got a dent in the back of mine. These ladies got some good lookin skulls.
bad bitches never cry...... till now goddamn
Jesus Christ that was the fastest I've ever gone from "So what's this clip about?" to "MY FACE IS DROWNING IN MY OWN TEARS!!!!"
Both of you are beautiful😍 I think it's a really cool look for both of you.
u/vredditshare u/vredditdownloader
What a great big sister, and I am sure an equally great little sister. Loads of hair, some hair, no hair; it doesn't matter, as you're both beautiful people through and through.
I wish i had even half of the amount of bravery and courage both of these beautiful girls extrude
Of course that girl is beautiful! Her body is doing amazing things fighting a shitty disease (I’m assuming she’s fighting cancer?) that makes her a badass gorgeous little queen! Rock on, sis!
To all those people criticising her for filming it and posting it online. Does it actually matter if she filmed it for selfish reasons or not? If it helps more kids feel better about the situation they are in then as long as the intentions weren't to be hurtful (which I find impossible) the intentions don't matter. If only one kid feels happy because of this then it has brought good into the world and done no harm.
OMG! You are both absolutely gorgeous — both  inside and out — and what beautiful souls! Don’t listen to anyone who tells you anything different! What a wonderful bond you and your sister share! I wish you both the very best. BALD IS BEAUTIFUL! ❤️
WHAT BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE!!!!! BOTH of them, inside and out!!!!
As a Dad I **LOVE** that young woman, supporting her kid sister without a moment of hesitation. What a rock star duo these two are. Kick that cancer’s ass and spend years being good to each other. Absolute bad ass!
They're both really pretty. Hair doesn't make you pretty, it's just an accessory like a hat or a bracelet. If the girls in the video are reading this, pink really suits the little sister. It's definitely her colour. It's nice to see such a strong sisterly bond.
Makes me think of that scene in Bobs Burgers when the nurse shaved off her eyebrows, and Tina was like “eyebrows, that’s commitment “
I wish I had money to give an award. This deserves so much more than online recognition.
Who dafuq is cutting onions in here
Holy up vote in a heart beat Batman.
That made me instantly cry. Absolutely amazing sister!
Your both stunning don’t ever think any other way
Beautiful!!! Inside and out!
We all need someone like this big sister in our lives.
Siblings are the best...the absolute best. I love this so much.
Both stunningly beautiful!!!!
True humans being bros!!!! This is how we should treat each other.  What an awesome sister and person.
Dang. I wish I had a sibling like her. I mean, my brother’s cool, but this girl loves her sister and there’s no mistake about it. That kind of support would have been awesome at that age.
Both sisters are beautiful
Wow she looks like 120 billion dollars.
Having experienced cancer many times in my own family, and losing someone close to cancer recently.... This... I literally have no words. 😭
Fuck... made a grown man boy cry
Why the fuck my eyes sweating?
I agree. Real beauty is in the inside. I’m so glad that they have each other.
Female beauty is rarely affected by ones hairdo. Two beautiful people right there.
[deleted]
This would be a whole lot more genuine if it you know, wasnt recorded by herself
This is so beautiful
My little heart can’t take this much love at once
What an amazing sister. I just sobbed for like ten minutes. There are incredible people out there.
Gave me the big sad. Wholesome big sad but big nonetheless.
Two pretty girls. The bond will last forever. I got you babe.
God bless you both and you are both beautiful beyond words!
Well, this is beautiful
She's doesn't know that anybody can get away with a bald cut these days.
You're both amazing and beautiful!!!
Thats so sweet u go girl
Omg that was the best thing I've ever seen I'm crying right now
Ur a helluva lady! Good for u for being there with and for ur sister! Bless you both!
A beautiful act of sisterly love. I'm crying.
Fucking awesome
Head over heels gorgeous! Both of you.
Not just the hair, but eyebrows too!! Which is also important, since a lot of people leave them on
Awwwww, geeeez...
You are both beautiful, inside and out!
Pretty and strong!
if you wanted me to cry i would’ve just cried damn
Best big sister ever.  You're both beautiful!

Now I'd write more, but crying too hard.
I WISH we all had a sister like you!
Your a great kid!
She looks great!  Anyone who thinks otherwise is a doo doo head!
My god. Hit me hard.
ENOUGH WITH THE ONIONS ALREADY, OPEN A WINDOW!
This is so wholesome. God bless you both!
These are both beautiful beautiful ladies
Guys, we aren’t supposed to be touching our faces right now, don’t make me cry.
Dawwwwww what a lovely sister
Wholesome
Damn it man. My allergies are acting up again. Def not crying.
# Two very special  heros
You are a beautiful young lady it's not what's on the outside it's what's what inside you have a beautiful heart and your sister is supporting you and we all are supporting you from the UK godspeed
Too many feels...
They forgot to dust that room
Meanwhile, my brother and I haven't spoken since I was 10. Will be 25 years come my the end of the year.
I just have something in both my eyes... and I was cutting onions when you weren't looking... yeah that's it. I've got onions in my eyes.
Seeing children filled with such despair breaks my heart. I’m glad she has such a fantastic older sister.
Well done. Class
Best sister ever ❤️
My mom died 6 years ago from lung cancer. When she started to lose her hair, I planned to shave my head but she didn’t want me to, so I cut most of my hair off to the point of having a Mohawk and died it her birthstone color.  I would have shaved it all if she had let me.
Wow. There's something in my eye
Well now I’m crying.
Well now they both do xD
They are both beautiful! Hair is overrated.
If that isn't love, I don't know what is... Have a good day reddit. <3
Love is all there is
So sweet.
Homegirl is a straight up HERO!
Beautiful ❤️
That is not only an amazing older sister, but a person with the biggest heart ever! You are both beautiful. Hair is only dead cells anyway.
They're both gorgeous! Rocking the look you beautiful people!
Sweet kids
Gaby, you are beautiful.  I hope I spelled your name right - I know there are a lot of different spellings.  You are beautiful, you are strong, and you are blessed with a sister who loves you no matter what.  I’m sending you all my love.
I cry at least once a day because of reddit and shit like this. Lol I'd do the same for my sister.
I’m anti social so my sister is literally my only friends. I would definitely do anything for her
F-ck yeah. Sister of the year. Exactly.
If i could upvote this a million times, I would. This is exactly the thing i needed to start my day with positivity and faith that not everything is fuked up in the world atm.
You wanna know how I got this bald?
Both rocking the Bishop Briggs (and Sinead O'Connor) looks. Beautiful!
This sister was straight straight up sent from god
What an amazing big sister!
I can't imagine having family like this.  She is an amazing sister.
You both are amazing young women which your beauty only compliments.  You make the world a better place for real.
to anyone that says a bald girl is unattractive, please watch Black Panther. Danai Gurira is exceptionally attractive and her head was smooth as hell.
My heart is absolutely broken. What an amazing sister. Wow. She has the very best chance of getting well surrounded by this awesome love and support. The only thing I was nervous about, was her dry shaving! Get some foam on those bad boys first babe!! xxx
Beautiful! Love it, such a great message to see today.
What a honor to see you both. A sister who loves her sister to do such a courageous act. And another sister who shows the world what strength looks like with her courage to fight on during this time. You two are the most beautiful women I have seen, in a long time. (besides my wife) GOD BLESS YOU BOTH AND THANK YOU FOR SHARING.
Crying out my eyes 😭
Hugs to both!
Making me cry, come on...
And just like that my heart grew 10 times!
You both are beautiful!!!
This is absolutely amazing to see a bond like this. I’m extremely happy that she has you. You two are beyond beautiful inside & out. 💕
Oooh......my heart.
Think I needed a good cry.... Such a great sister.
That love is a beautiful thing
Damnit!  Right in the feels!
Im so happy she has someone like you to help her through this.
Pure love.
I wish you the best!
Box of Kleenex time.
To be fair, they both look pretty cool.
https://i.imgur.com/Glc9RFc.gifv
r/ninjascuttingonions
Ok now I’m crying. What a wonderful supportive sister.
Lovely girls, they're each other's best friend and cherish each other. There's nothing better in life than having such a bond. 

I bet as they get through these tough times and better times come, they'll look back and laugh and make fun of each other.
Two lovely people.
This is so beautiful 😭
They are both really pretty, no cap...
This is the best thing I’ve seen my whole life.
I don't think she looked ugly before or after she shaved her eyebrows. Her sister is just mean 

#/s
Awesome !!!!
You two are both stunning! I love my short hair and have considered going full shave many many times. I think it makes women look fierce! You rock it darling!
This is what love looks like.
A true representation of love right there
Oh, that is so sweet ❤😭
Shaved my head with my momma over two years ago when she started chemo. She beat that shit and now we're growing it out to go to the salon together. You go girls!!💪💪 FXCKCANCER
Little Mija, you’re beautiful! Big Mija, you’re beautiful!
Two beautiful women with or without hair, inside and out
This is what we need to see in the news instead of the constant negativity and fear mongering.  Yeah, we know that rona scary!  Social distancing/isolation is a must right now until our healthcare workers get things under control.  Support them like this sister is supporting her sister!
You're both beautiful!
I didn't expect to be crying today
Wow. Beautiful sisters. Just lovely inside and out 💕
All I see are two gorgeous girls
OMG her surprised face when her sister started shaving her eyebrows... Soooo heroic! Love that!
This is the meaning of true love.
Amazing
🔪 🧅
Tear jerker here
And there you go...I just was forced to change my opinion of humanity.
That is beautiful and heart wrenching. What a lovely relationship they have.
Wholesome but heartbreaking. Let's hope she recovers.
This video actually made me cry. This is so beautiful
I had lymphoma when I was 20. Hair started falling out and I had a buddy come over and say we were gonna both shave our heads. He shaved mine first, never shaved his. 

If I ever get the chance to help someone I know through, I'll never put them through the rejection I felt that day. 

Also Brian, if you're out there, I forgive you bro. Hope you found what you needed.
What a fucking superhero.
Two beautiful, strong women.
Wait what happened to the sisters hair?
Pure respect x
That is FUCKING AWESOME
What a great sister
Gaby and Sis are damned pretty girls!  Those are gorgeous faces.  You have each other 😀😀😀😀😀
The sister we all need at one time or another
It is all in the heart pretty.. all in the heart..
people think the look at faces and judge other beautiness, but the truth is that it is the heart at the end which you finally look through to judge.
You have a great sister that support you, this is the true beautiness you see..
enjoy your sister and the love and care you have.. you are gifted.. so enjoy these gifts.
I wish both of you the best.
Both of you are beautiful!
Gabby you are beautiful, honey!
Immediate tears
They are both beautiful.
/u/lincoln_dd
Best reason to be stuck at home, I can cry without judgment!
She is still plenty cute & there is of course plenty of guys her age who will agree.

Even if her dating prospects are 1/10th her peers that is still plenty to choose from & more than any single girl could date.

I think the problem is girls & women get so much external validation through compliments & social approval that they don’t always figure out how to feel good about themselves without it like boys and men do.

Luckily this girl has an awesome sister to support her & help her recognize her worth regardless of beauty.
You both are beautiful ❤️
I teared up.
I’ve got something in my eye
Beautiful and awesome older sister
This video needs to go world wide
My daughter went through this on her fight with cancer, it broke my heart. I did everything I could to make her feel better.
Hey older sister. You broke me down completely. More power to both of you!
She’s beautiful! And what a great fucking sister!!!
This is sweet af, but I feel the same way I do when people film themselves giving homeless people money and I don't know why.
Such beautiful bond between sisters. I was a little down today but seeing this, though it made my cry it also made my day. Thank you for sharing. ❤️
Damn, you are lucky. That is one awesome big sis you got there. And you're both gorgeous. Your skin is absolutely glowing!
You both are awesome
From a woman who lost her eyebrows from eczema.
They are both so amazing, wow.
The real powerful bit about this is that she sounds cool and confident when she's saying and doing it. It's not just the kind words - it's the fact that she demonstrates how true it is.
Oh fuck, feelings.
I didn't need these kinds of feels today.
I’m so amazed by the lack of shaving cream.
That's a fucking sister, right there. 🧡🧡 so much love to the both of them.
TIL bald men all over the world are supporting cancer patients.
I love you so much that I'm going to exploit this for internet points!
We love you for being you!
Both are gorgeous!!!
So beautiful.
Such a great sister
They really are both beautiful humans.
this straight up made me cry.. so so sweet 🥺 nice to see something so beautiful in such dark times
Good job sister, ur good people
I've got something in my eye.
Never seen two more beautiful young women. Grace and love always shine.
Okay, but why did she have to video tape it and post it online?  Seems pretty attention-seeking and self-interested at the root.
now there's someone who gets what it means to be beautiful. awesome! #humanityisnotlost
All the praise for that sister.
Omg, that’s so touching. She totally deserves a sister of the year award. Everyone could use a sister like that.
Oh honey.  You re beautiful.  You are as powerful as anyone else on the planet.  Just believe in yourself and let the greatness happen🌞
Absolutely incredible. This video truly makes me appreciate my health (even if it’s not great at the moment; diverticulitis) and gives me hope to push forward. We need more of this. So much more.

Please be safe everyone and reach out if you need to. We have an awesome community here on Reddit. USE IT!
BEAUTIFUL! THESE ARE THE PEOPLE THAT SHOULD BE SHOWN IN THE NEWS RIGHT NOW!
This made me straight up cry. So wholesome!
It all grows back :)

Besides, being young is the best time to get a wild haircut/shave because no one judges you!

Go nuts with it, you have a blank slate now, draw some cool stuff,  bedazzle it, or get a pretty Henna design.

Bless you both for being such awesome sisters!
This is so beautiful! Girls...YOU BOTH ARE SO BEAUTIFUL!  What you have is beautiful! Sending you both hugs! Stay strong! Lots of love to you both! 🥰
Both of you are bad ass bitches! Both of you are great loving and BEAUTIFUL GIRLS!! Sending lots of love!!!
I honestly can't tell their ages. Neither is unattractive though.
I have been with chemo and radio  until this october. I lost all my hair.  In the beggining, you feel like crap but soon you realize that its not such a big deal and, in fact, it is very confortable and you save big money in hairdressing¡¡. Now, I have recovered my hair (a little part of it, at least) with no problem. The most important thing you have are each other, not the hair¡¡¡¡¡

Wish you both the best from the Spanish quarantine.
She truly is beautiful. Both of you are!!! It’s so much more than the physical! I pray for their comfort
Bruh. That's just the most heartwarming, humane thing i have see lately. Thanks i needed this, i really did.
true beauty resides in the soul. this is beautiful, just absolutely heartwarming
Just made an old man cry. Keep doing what your doing and hope it spreads. We could all use a little more love and positive vibe in this world right now.
Best big sister EVER! Also, NEITHER of you are in any way at all ugly! Beautiful souls are more important and rarer anyway. You both ROCK!!
What is it with people thinking they should share extremely personal family difficulties online? Like wtf. Like it’s cool of the sister for supporting her sister. But it’s much more not cool for making a video touting her being a good sister. Because now she’s not a good sister. In fact, I question wether her motives are good at all. To play devils advocate, because there is a video, I now think she did something shocking to get attention, shaved head and eyebrows, and made a video explaining the reasoning so that the attention is positive. She actually doesn’t care about her sister at all, she just wants attention. Get out of her.
r/humansbeingbros
My cold black heart was not ready for this post.
*everybody liked this* 
Also Im literally in tears
Anybody know who the original poster is? 

My sister is about 3 days removed from this, JD like to see some updates
Im not crying.. youre crying! I was blessed with a sister but shes 9 years older than me so I dont remember growing *up* with her per say, but I watched her. We never had a relationship this close and it just warms my heart to see it! Thank you for sharing ❤
That's a great kid.
I cried a little
Also, she clearly has very pretty facial features! Shes cute!!!
damn I never really cry at videos but this did make my eyes sweat a bit too much

goddammit I only wish the best for these two <3
My best friend died from brain cancer when he was 7. I'm 31 now not a day goes by I dont think of him. I still miss him and what could have been. Wish 7 year old me would have thought of this. Just seeing what it did for her is so inspiring thank you. In this time we gotta stick together even if it's at a distance. Thank you for sharing this.
Wow she has a heart of gold
God damn. I have never gone from normal to wiping tears from my eyes so fast.
This some wholesome shit right here enough to make a man shed some tears, bullying is no joke hopefully some people can see this shit and understand the impact words have on people it’s awful that teenagers killing them selves from relentless bullying is a normal thing in society nowadays we need change.
Best. Sister. Ever.
r/nextfuckinglevel
I'm in tears ere. Yr beautiful ❤️
You're both beautiful!
You are both beautiful! And you have beautiful hearts.
This is one of the most beautiful things I've ever seen.
Oh my god my heart...
My sister's would run me over with a bus for a piece of gum...
This is probably the nicest thing I've ever seen on Reddit. I would love to be proved wrong.
This is the best thing I've seen all day.  Thanks.
You rock!
I can't take the **aww** level! It's too much!!!! 😭
Honestly that bald-ladies look is hot rn and you two pull it off so well. You look beautiful!! Love from Germany.
This is what heroes look like.
When I got cancer, I thought I was alone in it.. but there’s one guy.. one guy who shaved his head with me. I’m proud to call him dad. It was 8 years ago, now I’m now cancer free.
damn. I am glad they have each other!
i don’t normally cry to videos online but oh my God
She's a good sister
Stop fucking making me cry
Not gonna lie. I cried
There are a lot of ugly people out there but y’all aren’t one of them. Two beauties 💕 what a great sister you are!
Whoa I am a sympathy cryer.  Lovely thing to see today
Never even met them but I love them so much. They’re both so beautiful, and I’m glad they captured this in video because anyone, anywhere, anytime can feel the love from it. Such beautiful sisters.
Unpopular opinion I'm sure but why is it that we do something good we have to post it for likes? To me it immediately seems ungenerous and selfish
Ok I cried for the first time in a long time
This is a real sister right there. This is purity. This is love. This is compassion. This is everything good in this world.
Baldness is a damn fine look regardless of who tf u r.

- A person with hair.
Both gorgeous!
These arent cute animals just tw.o ugly people
r/humansbeingbros
You just had to record it?
This is metal as shit
Wow, that’s a real hug. I wish my sister was nice.
Killing the style honestly
<3!!!!
Man... I really wasn’t planning on crying today.
Best sister ever. Much love to both of you!
You gals are beautiful.  Inside and out.
I’m not a religious person, but if there’s is a god, I hope he blesses this family. That sister is a real role model.
My god, that sob from the sister... That is a cry of someone that is in pain feeling some much needed support. What a great sibling she has. ♡
The “I’m going to go through this with you” kind of suggests the little sister might be going through chemo. 

I look at the little sister and see her lack of hair as a badge of bravery, not for being bald but for the fact that she’s fighting an illness that can most of us can never fathom. She’s stronger than any bully that will try to put her down.
So incredible, my heart is exploding 😭😭
Ugly? This video contains 0% ugliness.
It's not true... period.
This is the most endearing, selfless act of love that I have seen. Don't care about what people say. Everyone has an opinion about something. Just own yourself and the space around you. You are who is important, and once you're all grown you'll be a confident and beautiful young lady. Believe in yourself. You are just right the way you are! And your sister is an amazing, caring, loving, and selflessly giving person. And she is there for you, always! You are a very lucky person.
No shaving cream used. Takes balls
Well, I wasn't planning on ugly crying tonight, but here we are.
Fantastic older sister. Out of curiosity, does anyone know if this is Alopecia or Chemotherapy? I've been dealing with the former for a few years now so it's awesome to see this kind of support.
my daughter has alopecia and lost all her hair at 12 years old....I know how hard it can be.

Big thumps up for the big sis...you guys just made this old man cry....
Also wigs are fun.
Holy fuck it’s humid in my room. Damn rain storm formed right on my face.
She is beautiful!! Older sister has such a big heart to show her sister how beautiful she is, hair doesn’t make beauty. When she said “I’m going to go through this with you!” Oh my heart ❤️
You’re both fucking beautiful don’t let anyone tell you otherwise
She got you❤️❤️❤️ And She's right
Heart filling and breaking at the same time
I know this isn't the point of this video, but, they genuinely have great bone structure and look fantastic bald/shaved
You’re both beautiful.
We must make this the top post in this sub, quickly!
thats love right there! i sat here and cried the whole way through! both girls are extremely beautiful!!
This is powerful, beautiful and amazing.
Gabby, if you read this you are beautiful and loved. Who ever made you feel otherwise is a dumbass!
This vid made my day thanks for sharing
What an awesome fuckin sis
Both are incredibly beautiful
That's family right there.
Now THAT’S fucking support right there.
Every time I see one of things the cynic in me says, “Oh I see, I’m sure you’re glad to make a difference when there’s a camera nearby.”

But this made me cry.
Love this. Stay strong. Fuck cancer
Oh man that hits home. Four years in June is when I started my chemo and of course the hair started falling out not long after. Beauty is all an illusion. What matters is strength. That little girl is going to have a battle in the coming months. I'm glad she has a kick ass sister to be her support.
Couldn’t she have done that without filming?
From her cry you know she’s going through tough times. 
God keep her safe and bless her and her beautiful sister ❤️❤️
It's totally okay to miss your hair and grieve that you don't look the way you used to because of something beyond your control. But that doesn't mean you're ugly. 

Gabby, you're a badass, kicking cancer's ass. You go girl.   
(And big props to the sister too. Thanks for being a stellar human.)
kind of makes your heart melt ❤
###To the young lady who’s bald...

###You have a beautiful face.

###You have a beautiful sister. 

###Together you have beautiful souls. 

###Have a happy life. 🙂🙏🏻✨
First time tearing up on reddit. That's real fucking love right there ❤❤❤
Respect!!!
**You both are beautiful!!!**
I know the feeling, honey. Your hair will grow back when you’re done with treatment, assuming that’s what’s going on. But I gotta say, you both are working the bald head look.
Cancer is ugly, but never EVER the people who have the strength to fight it back.
Balls to wall ladies!!! Your beauty is unforgettable!!!
Literally got chills and fell into pieces. I felt sad the sister had to go through this but happy she has phenomenal support from her wonderful sister. Never felt sad and happy at the same time. Tears still won't stop! Ugh!
Love it ❤️
Faith in humanity restored.
Fuck you!!!   I'm not crying!!  You're crying!!!!

So freaking sweet.  That's one of the most beautiful things I've seen all day. What an awesome big sister.
Im not crying you’re crying
This made me ugly cry.
Omg 😭😭 my heart
No i didn't ask for the emotion ERROR ERROR ERROR
More people should have a sister like her.
No I'm not crying... You're crying.
You are an AWESOME big sister to an AWESOME little sister!
I love her.
You Beautiful girls got me right in the Feels. You are a Hero and bless you for what you are doing.
Who's supposed to be the ugly one? All I see are two beautiful human beings sharing a wonderful moment together
I'm gonna be honest, I'm an only child and not a dad. But if I had either a sibling or child feel this way, I would do the same. Mad respect.
I'm an old bearded man drinking my coffee crying watching this...
Am I the only one who love this but also thinks the whole posting it on social media part of this diminishes the genuine aspect of the solidarity. Like just do it and be one with your sister, why do the video if you arent also wanting a social media slow clap
That's what love is 🧡
As a 24 year old woman who has had alopecia since I was 7, I still struggle with looking different. I looked like Gabby for about 5 years. Since then my hair has been kept buzzed and is patchy. This video brought me to tears instantly. I wish I had an older sister that could be that support for me even now that I'm an adult. But it does me good to hear her words now. I'll keep doing my best to be ok with it all <3
Touching, sure. But I’m tired of these attention seekers who need to record themselves doing something nice for respect on the internet.
Fucking 5am on a Monday and I already have seen the most beautiful video I will see in April. 

Good luck gabby!
Her sister is legit one of the most beautiful people I’ve ever seen.
I'M NOT CRYING! YOU'RE CRYING!
I’m not crying, I’m not crying, boys don’t cry... fuck it.
That was beautiful and for real for real, those girls are KILLING IT with those bald heads! Beautiful girls with even more beautiful hearts ♥️
Amazing, 


Good sister



Nice Military Intelligence shirt 🙂 I was a 96B/35F
[removed]
Thing is, They’re both actually really pretty.
[removed]
Goddamn that makes a grown man tear up.
[removed]
True beauty comes from within and you are precious
I usually never use emoji on Reddit. But fk
😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
This is a good relationship right there. Making a grown man cry.
Look- I just finished bawling my eyes out over the last episode of Star Trek Picard.  Now I'm watching this.  Today is just an emotional roller coaster.

Seriously, though, this is too sweet.
Eye brows don't grow back the same lol
Beauties. Truly.
i can relate to this. i was a insecure little kid and i shaved half of my left eyebrow because i thought they were too hairy. They where not that hairy really. as i have grown i realise that my eyebrows are close to perfect
I'm not crying...you're crying
r/humansbeingbros
im not crying.. you're crying.....
they aren't ugly, I personally like that hairstyle
Had to film it tho.... Yeahhhhh.
This girl knows how to sister. 😍
Wow. You’re a good sister. Maybe the best sister.
She will never forget this !
anyone know where this original video came from?
That just warmed my heart and filled me to tears. She is an amazing big sister. In a society where looks are vfc everything. The nig sister did what she felt she can do to make her sister feel better. Though drastic the big sister felt that looking the same will make her younger sister feel better about herself. I am so proud of this young later and the love she has for her sister is admirable. 3 cheers to you young lady.❤
No dust or onions;  I'm straight up bawling. I wish I had a bond like that with my sister.  That's a beautiful thing.
You are a good woman, well done. You're both beautiful!
You are both beautiful (hugs)
Best sister, ever! This is beautiful and very real.
This literally made me say awwww. More than once. God bless these girls.
Damn...they both look awesome...be proud of they way you look because its stellar!
[removed]
They’re both beautiful inside and outside
I’m not crying, i’m not crying, i’m not crying, okay maybe i’m crying
I’m not crying you’re crying
Wow the love between sisters is something so different. This is beautiful. Both these girls are beyond beautiful and I’m not sure what’s going on but I hope her little sister gets through this, she looks like she has all the support she needs.🥰
I love both of you. 💞
Gorgeous! That is one gorgeous sister you got there! If I had had  a sibling like this I would have ruled the world. You got this.
As soon as younger sisters lip pursed up... I bawled... fuuuck.. good sister.
They should watch the first Star Trek movie to see an incredibly beautiful woman with a shaved/bald head! Sometimes it's important to have that kind of mirror to recognize and understand our own beauty.
I hardly ever sob cry on here. Jesus.
Absolutely.
Damn I'm literally crying, I didn't want to do this today, beautiful  :')
Oh goddamnit now i'm weeping.
You look like you might be carrying some of the new genes from the future.
r/mademecry
This gave me faith in humanity
Wow  this is beautiful.. got this grow mans eyes to water up. !!
Cancer sucks! Baller move tho sis!
I mean. Yes they do.
growing eyebrows again will be difficult...
What a fantastic sister. Love it
Not ugly!!!
What a great sis
Omg this made me cry
These people are so fucking sweet
r/mademecry
That legit made me tear up. This the most heartwarming and wholesome thing I've seen all day. Thank you for this.
To be honest I was confused what this was about until I looked at the title. They both look like fine people none of them are ugly.
I didn't even watch with the sound on.

Both the student and teacher are beautiful. Your unique qualities are what will change the world, not the qualities you share with everyone else. Eyebrows included.
That’s ❤️ Love
Gabby you and sister are beautiful, you’ve got this, sending all the love!
so much for going a day without crying
Fuck Cancer.
Yall are in my thoughts and yes you are both beautiful; thought that even before the vid started playing.
She (Gabby) actually pulls off the bald/shaved look really well. Amber Rose and Emma Gonzalez, for example, are two women that also look good like that.

Both sisters are pretty. Thanks for sharing this video and inspiring or helping others who might be feeling the same way.
I had to stop halfway through to dry my eyes. This is the best example of love and solidarity I’ve seen! What an amazing sister!!!
I dont know what it was, probably just build up, but this video just made me ball my eyes out for the past 20 minutes, i will also add that i watched it without sound
i shaved my head voluntarily and my coworkers thought it was cool af. show her that chick from that last mad max movie. bald chicks can be cool too.

(the downside is growing it back out. you'll look like a koosh ball for a while)
BIG SISTER - YOU ROCK !  Bless you and the love you have for your little sister. I’m am old hard ass man and what you are doing get me chocked up. The love you get is equal to the love you give.
Thanks for making me cry at work
Honey you are so so pretty.
What a gold hearted and beautiful pair of ladies!
That last step of the eyebrow removal was the move that finished her sisters composure, seems like nothing comparitvely but you could she didn't think that was coming.  

A real moment, I wish her well.
Goku ssj3
Well I'm in tears now.
Idk if I’ve ever cried faster watching a video. These 2 girls are amazing!
I cried.
You're little sister is adorable. She looks like Eleven from Stranger Things. I mean that as a compliment.
Gabbie be strong!   Beauty is in the inside.  Looks fade away but ur beautiful heart is forever!
Kid, you are definitely not ugly. Quite the opposite. Even with your crying face :D

&#x200B;

The day will come, you two will look back at this and laugh about it.
BEAUTIFUL
nice MI shirt and good deed.
That warms my heart
That's beautiful
Very sweet!!!! Great example how to be a human being!!!
As a man, I never thought I would cry over videos like this.  Now as a father of 3 girls, my feels overcome me and I find myself crying quite often on videos like this.

Godspeed to that little girl.  Great job big sister!
I'm saying... Abby cute AF!!
Family first over everything! Love this
Jesus, that made water come outta my face. That's so sweet and she's not ugly at all
Two gorgeous young ladies!
Uhg.. my heart hurts and I have a leak in my face.
Two of the most beautiful girls ever. You guys are doing such great things for each other, I'm kinda jealous.  Ladies, thank for sharing.
God you two are so beautiful I wish the best for ya both <3
This is supposed to be a fucking quarantine not a cry fest damnit.
Hey just in case - there are famous people (women) who have or do Rock shaved heads.

Brittney Spears in the past, Natalie Portman has, if you're into fighting Rose Namajunas rocks a shaved head.

What do all these people have in common? They're badasses. What does that make you guys? Badasses.
Not even listening and started tearing up when sister started shaving her eyebrows off.
They could both shatter a mirror
I hope they see this a lot of women have actually did this. It’s actually pretty cute once it grows in a tiny bit just some fuzz.
That’s that deep love.
I honestly think she's beautiful. Frfr! She'd be a model if she pursued it
And that my friends is a true life lesson!!  Some people get it!
Oh my heart. Tell them both I said they are beautiful! And the no hair look, is actually pretty bad-ass imo. ;)
That's some heavy love
You look better without hair than bitches i know WITH hair. Don't trip. Your beautiful.
You are both so beautiful!! ❤❤
You are both beautiful, strong women! Stay strong, and lean on each other through it all. You are precious gifts to this world, and I hope you continue to find the beauty and grace life has to offer.
Fuck cancer!
Lie down

Try not to cry

Cry a lot
Ooooo swift jab to the feels.
There is hope for a world that contains love like this.
You get it girls!  You are awesome and beautiful.  Awesomely beautiful .
r/mademesmile also I think that’s the most wholesome thing I’ve seen on this sub
Sisters are crazy super great
Best sis ever!  You are beautiful
Wow that’s amazing and beautiful! Beautiful soul!
“I’m gonna go through this with you” damn, that’s true sibling love.
God damn, who's cutting onions over here?
I love this video so much
I see two beautiful strong young ladies.
Ugh I don’t even know her but I want to take her pain away so bad :(
I can't believe she would call her sister ugly after she shaved her head for her.
Okay stop making my heart hurt you bastard.
The kids are alright.
Oh that's so meaningful my gosh ! I am Muslim and that moved me so thank you so much masha'allah may Allah bless
Welp I'm crying uncontrollably now, so I guess that's enough reddit for today.
Angelic video, you're both seriously beautiful. 

Stay strong
dis gave me feels
This is a beautiful thing
I have to say you both look gorgeous!!
Sending love to you both ❤️
You are beautiful!!
Yo stop it...I didn’t need to cry again today!!

This is love...
It makes me so incredibly sad and happy at the same time. Fight little girl, you will WIN! 💪🏻
These ladies are beautiful!
Aw fuck I’m crying now dammit.
Did her sister have cancer
That must be one of those yellow/blue memory balls.
Humans are cool sometimes.
♥️❤️♥️❤️♥️❤️
Show her Stranger things
Grade A human right there!!!
Stupid eyes! Can't seem to keep them from tearing up!
That poor dear is beautiful! What an awesome big sister! ❤
RESPECT!
Oh God. I was not prepared for this video
Why not a wig?
Literally the best post I’ve seen in my life right here real grown man tears
You have a whole world of people out here wishing you success in your journey through this AND we all KNOW you two are stunners- inside and out! The world needs more of you so please keep fighting and stay strong!
I cried a little
You are both beautiful!!!!!
That was so beautiful.
Love... :)
She’s absolutely beautiful and they are gorgeous together.
So amazing
I have my hair and I'm uglier than both of them. Stay strong!
Both of them are amazing! I wish them well and keep up the fight!
Ur both beautiful
She's awesome
God Bless them Both !!!!!!!!!!
What a wonderful big sis!
And I thought r/aww was only for puppies & kittens!  This is awesome!
I wish I had homys like that
She speaks the truth. You are gorgeous..
They actually both pull off the shaved look well.
How could such a beautiful girl think she isn’t as pretty as we think she is?
Maybe my favorite video this year.  So proud of both sisters.  Very brave.  Thank you for sharing.
Great great great sister! ... yes I was crying too.
Your sister is gorgeous and so are you and you are amazing to shave your head and eye brows to show that you can be pretty with no hair 👍❤️
God fucking dammit that's the sweetest thing I've ever seen
She’s beautiful...sister too!
Man this really got me. Best sister ever.
Oh my God.. If that doesn't reassure her little sis.. It's like this cathartic moment. No bullshit matters now for her.. This is gold.
You are both so amazing ♥️♥️
Both of you are stunning. Gabby stay strong!
r/mademesmile
Fucking awesome sister and human being!
I cant be watching this shit 5 minutes before my videoconference shit
Don't go and make a grown man cry now. Aww shit...
She’s gorgeous, and it’s who you are as a person that makes you beautiful, not your looks. People need to learn this more often.
Damn that hurt I hope they both doing well and I wish them amazing days to come<3~~
I'm in tears.  This is so beautiful.
Man I really misread that title for a second. Fucking pronouns
That’s ok I didn’t need to not cry today anyways.
And I didn't even have the sound on!
🙌
They are both so very very beautiful. And what a great friendship! Bless their sweet hearts.
I haven’t cried in years... but I have tears welling right here. I’m happy for good people in this world.
I've never had a video make me literally sob before. So heartwarming
Absolutely beautiful sisters.
cute as a button
Both beautiful
Cue India Arie, "I Am Not My Hair."
Beautiful song.
Amazing!!!!! Ya both beautiful 🤙🏽❤️
I’m not crying. I’m bawling. Fuck.
I wish I could upvote more then once
Lord, I am one of those people that never cry at videos like this. But when she whipped out the razor for her eyebrows I  teared up. Two very beautiful women!
That had to not feel good
Imagine just pulling out a blade and going straight for the brows. That girl is going places.
What a couple of empowering females
💕💕💕
What a sister, and human being.
Both sisters so beautiful.
We almost say a whole tiddy
🥰🥰you are beautiful!!!
Did you want me to cry? Cause you just fuckin won.
I bet sister 1 is feeling pretty guilty for thinking sister 2 is ugly.
Family 🥰.
I don't usually cry with these, but this one got me. ❤️
And the best sister of the year award goes to...
You’re both gorgeous!!!!
Jesus that 56% meme is really coming true huh..
You are an inspiration
You're both beautiful, inside and out.  Now excuse me, got something in my eye.
Atomic level feels. Wow
Two beautiful, strong girls. Two fighters.
Best sister ever!
My feeeeeeeeeeeeeeels
Ok this the most emotional I’ve ever been on the internet.
Please give credit to the OP
That’s just amazing!
I believe this is the type of person to donate organs as well.
fuck yeah! we need more people like this in the world
I get pretty cynical most days. 

People like this give me hope for there still being good in humanity.
/r/RedditIsFacebook
Love is always beautiful.
Best human being ever!
My heart. That's some shit my big sister would do. Thank god for big sisters bro.
sweeeeeeeet ladiiessssss
You are both so beautiful!!💓💓
That eyebrow came off really quick
Best supportive sister ever! Also if she was really that worried, bald women are sexy. Especially with a survival story. Keep your head up gorgeous.
When you love this video and then you notice that she is using your favorite cheap great value 5 bladed razor and you love it even more.
Both so beautiful
They are both beautiful beyond measure.
Absolutely beautiful. You are her biggest advocate! To have someone advocate for you is life's biggest blessing. She is blessed to have a sister like you!
Beautiful people
Fuck yeah, sis, you got it!
You two are beautiful and lucky to have one another. You've got this.
I’ve never cried from reddit before until now.
Damn that’s love.
I love older sisters
Glad I have no need to leave the house today. Got me crying over here
You don't need hair to look good. You got a heart, and that's all you need.
I'm still crying!!!! That was awesome.
You are both so beautiful xxxxxx
You are both so beautiful. Obviously on the outside AND the inside. Y'all are rocking the no hair look.
Bless you both.
I’m crying so hard
Beautiful, beautiful girls!! ❤️
Damn this is so beautiful
Man fuck you. I’ve been isolated from people because of this damn quarantine and now I’m bawlin in my room. This is beautiful
I sobbed
Isn't it amazing how one 1 minute video can bring so many of us to tears :')
I teared a widdle.
Well thanks, I’m crying eating my subway. What a beautiful pair of siblings.
That's really nice, but all she would really have to do It show her sister a picture of Patrick Stewart, I have the same reaction.
To people asking "why would you record it"

To show the world that there is still good in here? Maybe give an example? Motivate somebody? Make someone smile? Not everything is for internet points.

The sister doesn't seem to mind being recorder plus most probably agreed to post the video online, so what's wrong with that?
Truly beautiful people will always have that beauty shine through by actions... not just words.
I did plan on crying today...
realest shit i've ever seen
Does anyone have a link to the original vid?
I love them - and they are my role models now !  I could only aspire to be as good a sister as her
We are one
I'm so thankful I had daughters.
The world needs more people like you. Time will go by faster than you think. Take care and God bless y’all!🙏🏽
Faith in humanity restored (slightly).  What a decent person.
Watching videos like this keeps my faith in humanity strong.
If my sister thought I was ugly, the last thing I would do is cut my hair off.
سلام.خداوند ب شماها سلامتی میده مطمئن باشید. فقط قوی باشید.
Holy sucker punch Reddit!  I needed a warning tag.
That’s sweet...also spending less time looking at urself do our society wonders...look more at what you do!
First time reddit has ever made me cry ... thank you
r/mademesmile
Shit, that one got me water eyes. Stay awesome!
I was fine until they hugged each other, that’s what sent me over the edge. Beautiful girls and a beautiful show of solidarity.
I think they are both beautiful!!
Your a good woman thank you
YEAAAA GIT ITTT!!!
I’m not crying right now...you guys are both amazing, and beautiful, and the best.
You are both so beautiful!
