He’s so cute!  This is so sweet. Please keep us updated. I adopted a mastiff that was afraid of us and on the 4th night he came and got into bed with me. He was the sweetest soul.
How long have you had him?
Omg! Where abouts are you located? I have a client that is searching for a schnauzer to adopt. She won't buy a puppy, and she loves schnauzers.  We're in kc!
Aww such a sweet boy
Miniature schnauzers are the best! What a sweet little guy.
He is like "Human! There is a pandemic out there, take the blanket, don't catch a cold now!"
Actually.. hes thinking, these things smell... ;)
My parents went to the store for chicken feed and came home with a dog. I meander out of my room around 3pm and stroll to the living room to see a strange dog I’ve never seen on my couch cowering. “How did a lost dog get in my house?” No one is home.. I finally get a hold of my mom. It’s our new dog. I notice he’s noticeably shy. No touchey no petty but not aggressive. So I sat next to him and just put my hand calmly on his paw and did this day in and day out till eventually I could pet him, (only while seated tho he did not fuck with that whole biped thing). We just kept being sweet and I kept being extra patient and calm with him till now he’ll come up to me outside and demand I hold him and scratch his belly. He’s still weird as all get out. acts incredibly paranoid, but is so sweet. We named him Lando from Star Wars. It takes time, took about 6 months for him to trust me another 3 to trust the other males in the house and we’re about 2 years in and he’s now starting to be cool with friends we have over as long as it’s not a big group or any one with an over aggressive demeanor. Good boy all around just gotta he patient and loving and any dog becomes a good dog.
Dog-  “Oh great!  Another human who can’t take care of themselves...here, let me help you with the blanket.  Blanket goes on top....see?”
Pretty sure he's trying to cover the smell to fend off predators...
Hey, thinking of fostering a dog, would you mind telling me a bit about your experience so far? My family is concerned that it'll be too skittish
when one of my dogs does that it means he wants to get under the covers
Aww! Schnauzers are ratters and instinctively nuzzle in places (like hay and grass back in the day) where rodents might hide. Their beard protects them from little rodent teeth and claws. Ours really likes cat toys, especially a toy on a string on a stick. Really appeals to their instincts. Maybe your dog wants to hunt?
Aww.  Max you little tucker..
What an interesting behavior!  Very sweet.
Dog: Ugh this human's feet stink! I gotta cover these things up.
I have been having a really fucking rough time the past couple of weeks and I've been struggling a lot with a multitude of different things but this video allowed me to stop thinking about those negative things I am facing even just for a second and allowed me to smile for the first time in a very long while. I really appreciate that. 

Thank you for uploading this adorable video. <3
Hope he turns into a foster fail.
This is so so sweet my heart needed this.
Sorry if this is a dumb question, but how does having a foster dog work?
“I don’t trust you yet but you do seem to take care of me so I am going to take care of you”
What an awesome pupper!
Schnauzer!!!!
Please tell Max I love him and he is very handsome.
I worked with a rescue that was scared of being touched. I spent a lot of time pushing his boundaries. Lots of treats and no big reactions. He eventually gave in and ended up being super lovable!! His name was Jake, so we called him Jake from State farm. Lol he got a nice liyving home!!
Aww. Thats so sweet.
"Your feets look cold human, here lemme help"
Schnauzers are so different from other breeds. They’re like little people with the way they think and act. I love them so much. Tell Max I love him
You mean your dog Max, right?
He's burying you so that he can eat you later
Dogs bury things that smell. He’s suggesting something.
I think that’s more of a “your feet stink imma ‘bury’ them” lol
There was a reddit post a while ago of a dog covering up a baby like this.  

Someone said it was trying to bury it because it smelled. 

I think Max is trying to bury your stinky feet.
Plot twist: He's trying to bury you.
This is adorable!!! Thanks for fostering him! I have fostered hundreds of dogs over the years, and it’s such a rewarding experience. Are you familiar with “treat and retreat” to encourage a timid dog to trust you? Toss a treat behind the dog and they should comfortably come closer to ask for more. He will come around fast.
You know pooches do that because they find our feet smelly, right?
What a good boy. He’s a keeper.
We were foster failures once and couldn’t let him go so now he’s our forever. We truly aren’t worthy of dogs and the love they give.
After this, this would be an immediate foster fail for me.
I wanna see you try and touch him. Not sure how to make that not sound wrong
Hope he eventually lets you touch him. Very cute boy.
He is no longer your foster dog. He is now your dog.
God we don’t deserve dogs
It's like he's too nervous for pets, but he still wants to show affection however he can. Such a sweet little man.
Foster fail please ♥️
when he gets to that point pls update with video of you petting him
We don’t deserve these angels😔💛
Isn't that amazing, thanks so much for sharing.
OMG! He’s positively precious! ❤️
thats so sweet!
Oh this sweet Schnauzer, they're my favorite. I miss my schnauzer every day since he passed July 5, 2018. RIP Buddy
Awwwww this is lovely ❤️ sometimes fosters need longer. But yet he knows he is in good hands so he take care of you.
oh, that is the most precious thing
Max is trying to hide his food 😂.
Do your feet stink? I think he's trying to bury them
Always breaks my heart to think what they must have gone through to fear people like that. And yet even after, they still show so much love.
I hate to be that guy but it could be burying something it doesn't like the smell off. That's the more likely situation.

EDIT: Apparently people thought I was joking. It legit is one explanation of the behavior. Another is stress and another is covering food to save it for later.
Maybe you have smelly toes?
He's bury some smelly feet... :p
He's all like ' cover them stinky ass feet up! Damn!'
The smell of these appendages are intolerable, must cover them up.
You should leave your hand dangling on the couch near him. Don't look at him, don't act like you are going to pet him. Just leave your hand close to him, maybe holding a treat. He will get close. The idea is to make HIM brush himself against your hand - soon you will be able to touch him!
"Your feet are repulsive to me"
-Max probably
Your feet stink
That is too adorable!!
Duggos are the bestest
This is so pure
We all need this dogs kindness...
He is the sweetest boy ever. I give him another month and I bet he will be over his fear. A pup like that just wants to love and be loved.
🥺😍
Wow. This is incredibly adorable. 

Thank you for being a foster parent.
Max has so much love to give. I wish I could give him a forever home right now.
off the scale cuteness
He is precious,  surely with time and love, he can accept  love returned.  I sure hope so.
I love Max. So much. I'd die for Max.
ANYONE who could harm a dog and make them afraid should be taken out. Oh, Max - how can you still be so sweet?
A foster dog? No, that’s a keeper!
Awww make him your forever dog!
No dog has ever deserved a loving home more than that baby.
the purity ;_; what a terrific little creature
Goodest doggo ever 😭💞
I will take that guy.

I have a week off in May. Seriously. I will drive to Missouri for this guy.

Nurse in pandemic so...who knows... but I am serious.
My heart!!! What a sweet, loving boy!
He wants you to wrap him in the blanket to snuggle, try it.
Turns out he's a trained k-9 police dog and OP dropped a nug in his blanket.
God damn do I miss my dog.  My ex has our mini schnauzer and he was awesome. Due to certain reasons when we broke up she kept him.  It suck’s losing him.  Waiting for the right time to adopt another dog.  The waiting sucks.
OMG, bless his little heart. What a dear little love. It’s exciting to think he’s soon going to a forever home
The goodest boy
Me too!
I've worked with a few dogs that were very skittish until you brought yourself down to their level. Try getting on the ground, and trying to pet him.
Max is a universally loved dog name
You both have hearts made of gold.
u/KattooKing, please cross-post this sweet baby to r/schnauzers!! We would love to see him there!!
I may have broken my screen smashing the upvote button.
So sweet, He’s so caring I hope he get a forever home soon!
And I have a neighbor with a dog named max, they leave him outside no matter the weather. He actually let's me pet him he's so starved for attention. Some humans really shouldn't have dogs. I hate seeing animals in discomfort.
OMG! give that good boy treats
Pupper doesn't want to get corona
We have a schnauzer and he does this too! We were told that he's burying his valuables so other dogs can't eat or take it.
Oh the goodest boy ever
Serious question, are foster owners allowed to adopt the dogs they take care of?
That is adorable ❤❤
BESTEST boy
This is so precious. Bless his sweet heart, and bless you for fostering him and showing him comfort and love. I hope he continues to get braver and finds a good, safe home.
He’s lovely.

I had a rescue rat once who was equally afraid, and in the end she became the cuddliest, most affectionate creature I’ve ever met.
That guy is precious. My terrier was also afraid of anybody getting close and deadly afraid of brooms when I adopted him from the pound. It took a few weeks for him to get to trust you. He is living with my parents now and goes crazy when I visit and loves to stay in my lap during my visit.
That dog is a dad
What a sweet boy!! We love you Max!!!
He is already such a good boy!! Can't wait until he's ready for some pets to reward him :')
So precious
He's just trying to caccoon you so you can't touch him
He looks like an old boy. This is ridiculously heart breaking that giving him affection scares him but he's ready to show it....Fuck, Tuesday morning tears.
Omg he covered your cold feet 😍 my heart is melting
I love this. He’s like an old man who doesn’t want to be babied. But yet is constantly, trying to baby you.
My fucking heart ❤💔
What an absolute sweetheart! 🥰🥰🥰🐶🐶🐶
I swear we humans do not deserve dogs. They are truly angels in animal form! This made my entire day so much better!
We got a rescue dog that was super afraid last June. Would only come for treats. No way that we could touch him. It broke my heart and was really tough for a long time. It took awhile for him to trust us with training and patience. Finally after four months he let me touch him. Now he loves butt scratches but is still somewhat fearful. Slowly working on building trust to put a leash on him. We're going at his place. I was want to talk to him to tell him walks are the best and that he can meet new friends. He loves other dogs. We use to have friends over with their dogs. They become beat friends. His name is Kirby Pawett. We also found a cat. His name is Joe Meower.
Terrier's are like that. I had a friend who had a scottish terrier who would bark up a storm whenever I went over there, but then sit right next to me. When I went to pet him he would get up and run across the room and stare at me like "what the fuck?"
He's the sweetest, that's so amazing.  I hope he gets over his fear when he realizes you just want to take care of him too.
I'm following this because I really truly hope he gets adopted into a loving family. I don't know the story of why he was surrendered but he seems so sweet even now that it breaks my heart he was surrendered at all.
This is amazing and heart breaking.
What a good boi
The goodest of boys...!
My grandparents kept a stray schnauzer for a while when I was little. We called him JJ and I remember him chasing me until I jumped on the couch. I loved him but was terrified of him at the same time! I hope this little guy finds his forever home.
That’s what my dog does to his food before he eats
My dog does this to blankets when he wants under for a snuggle. I hope Max eventually wants that too!
And just like that my cold, dead hearted melted.
He ain't trying to catch any Corona
it must be weird not to be able to use your hands and have to do everything with your face
More like you feet stink and je just want to bury the smell lol
Seems he believes your feet stink... (or maybe he smells the *oh-not-so-subtle* signs of the dreaded foot diabetus) and is attempting preventative containment measures to ensure the problem doesn’t continue to impact your other pandemic prisoners/ commandeered canine comrades.

Or he’s just so cool he wants you warm.  Both seem equally plausible.  

He seems on top of things either way,  good choice.
He’s doing the best he can.
Haha that's pretty funny because they don't have hands
Stick with it! I have a Heeler from rescue and he’s been with us about a year from an abusive home. He is still skittish to a certain point and doesn’t understand the difference between yelling mad and yelling loud but he cuddles and I can pet him without him pissing all over.
My doberman does that only when he's trying to hide something that smells bad.
That looks like a foster fail waiting to happen if ever there was one! =)
I think he chose you. Another failed foster lol
Awww, we have two mini schnauzers and one is turning 12 this year. He’s got many years to enjoy! Fingers crossed for his new forever home and thank you for fostering!
I think that’s your dog now.🙂
Oh my god. You just absolutely made my freaking day with this. I have been sitting here all day studying for finals of my now online nursing school, and I have been a wreck because it’s been a hard adjustment— and here is this fuzzy adorable little guy, still taking care of you, even though he’s scared. 🥰
i have tears in my eyes... he’s an angel i swear
OMG OMG OMG OMG. This is the cutest thing I have seen all-day... I wish someone would take care of me in like that :)
Too precious!
Man, I love mini schnauzers
He loves you, he doesn’t have any trust left
Maybe your feet smell bad
I want to pet but Max probably wouldn’t let me! The rejection would break my heart
Awwwww, I can't wait for the update
What a sweet boy!
Oooo poor love. Hang in there - time is the cure 🐶
Okay imma say it.... I think maybe your feet stink!
r/miniatureschnauzers
This is the most pure thing I have seen all day
Schnauzers are my favorite breed of dog.
Had a rough monday, watching this and reading the comments made it so much better.
I am self-isolating away from my family’s miniature schnauzer. She’s white with black spots, her name is Moo-moo and very smart. I miss her
nah mate, this dog just have OCD my dude
The instant i saw schnauzer, I've melted. 

In Singapore we call them ahpek (Dialect: uncle) dog or at least, that what i called them. <3
Maybe your feet really stink! 😂🤣😅😁
"You gotta cover your feets our you get sick"
Max is covering a smell that he doesnt like. Lol. My female dachshund does this as well. If she or my boy has an accident in the house she will come and get me, lead me to the spot, then proceed to do this. Its adorable!
Reminds me of of my old dog Daisy. She was a rescue who would follow me around but with a constant 5 foot buffer, never further, never closer, until I fall asleep. Then she would inch closer and closer and then sleep on top of me. She did this every day for the last 5 years of her life, never able to get rid of her weird 5 foot barrier(while I was awake). I wish I knew what those monsters did that would give her such a phobia, but it is probably better I didn't know.
I rescued a schnauzer 8 years ago. He is the most amazing little guy. He always surprises me with his compassion and loyalty. Best dog I have ever know and I'm lucky enough to be his best buddy.
Awwhhh 🤩🥰 This is the most adorable thing I have ever seen and I have a puppy of my own 😁😁
I have a miniature snauzer named Max but he has never done that
I had a stray cat around my house years ago. No one could touch or feed it because he was so mean. I came home from college. Just feed it from a distance and gave it minimal eye contact. Then 3 weeks later that cat was in my house, letting everyone bet and touch him. I guess this dog is letting you earn its trust.
How's your foot odor
What do you mean? He’s clearly trying to bury you.
Max is so adorable. I've had miniature schnauzers all my life and they are absolutely the best dog you could ask for.
So precious. Even though he is afraid to get close. Reaching out to his hoomon to show empathy. Do we even deserve dogs? I wonder sometimes... 


Stay viligent Max. We got you, too.🙏
He’s “saving you for later”
Awww! He's precious!
Or, your feet stink and he tryna bury the scent 😂😂😂
“What are you doing?”

“I’m burying you!”
You just have stank feet
Its trying to burry your smelly feet.
Your feet must smell really bad
Is he coming from a situation with a former owner who became too sick to care for him? It would explain the social anxiety and the need to comfort
That's a good fucking dog right there.
I would die for Max
He's trying to bury you for later
My dog is doing exact same thing with treats that he’ll be eating later...
So cute!
🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺
my dog was like this and now he won’t leave me alone max will be canoodling in no time good on y’all
Great video..great dog..thanks for sharing.
hero we dont deserve 😩
"cover up them stinky ass feet!"
So, uh. . . How many times is too many times, to watch a video on repeat?! Asking for a friend . . .
We don't deserve dogs. Like, not at all!
Omg. The best of boys.
I would die for max
Dogs are the best of us.
This is the most precious thing I’ve ever seen, max deserved the world
he’s actually too pure for this world
Awe how can you not adopt him! This is why I can't foster....
My dog used to do that to hide things he thought was disgusting or smelly. You might wanna wash your feet. lol
Maybe your feet just *really* stink and he's trying to cover that smell up?

Kidding, of course. He's a good boy, and you'll be able to pet him soon, I'm sure.
Hes trying to cover up that smell!
His sweetness made me ball my eyes out. He’s going to make someone an amazing best friend one day soon.
Maybe he just hates toes!
aww... what a good boi.
wow
This is definitely the goodest boy I will see today.
HOLY shit the best boy i am gonna cry
By foster dog you mean he's not your real son?
That would definitely be a foster failure for me since there is no way I could let him go. We have a mini schnauzer I like to describe as the maximum dog in the minimum package. Very smart, affectionate, good guard dog (which is their original purpose), can eat any dog food and loves vegetables (unlike my other two dogs who have food allergies). Only downside is he is expensive to groom and needs it every two months or he looks scruffy.
We really don't deserve dogs. I wish we could be more like them.
My schnauzer mix does this too!! Except to her food bowl. We think she's "covering it up with dirt" to save for later. So maybe Max is making sure he can eat you for dinner later. 

Dumb jokes aside, this and the thread are so wholesome! It's amazing how dogs use their snouts as tools, they don't even need thumbs.
I have the same exact blanket! Wild.
So obviously my heart exploded with the “awwww this is so sweeeettttt!” But then...


A very evil part of my brain was like... WHAT IF Max is actually like “no, go away, I can still see you, ugh, gotta cover you up, ugh ugh, can’t stand the sight of you, nooooo, that’s not covered enough GO AWAY” and he HATES YOU.

Ahahahaha I know he doesn’t.
But...
What if...


He does?



Nawwww no he doesn’t.
I have this same blanket. My dog stole it for their bed.
Max will be a great pet for someone. Some point in his young upbringing something impacted him. He will get better but never truly get over it. We rescued a 6 year old female who had a difficult life prior to our adopting her. Over time and through consistent care she is a totally different dog. Trusts us fully but is not at all trusting of strangers especially men. Today she is  a healthy 13 heading for 14 year old.  A real sweetie.
Aww he’s adorable
This is so precious! I need a Max!!!!! My dog steals my covers at night!
Are you sure this wont be a foster failure? Cus I think it needs to be
I dont think anyone has ever worked that hard to tuck me in.
He's trying to bury you so he can eat you later.
i am the dog, so very sweet

it is my job to cover feet

am treating human friend with care,

am noticing her feet are bare...

n so i use my doggie nose

to try n cover up her toes

she 'thanking' me for all i do -

dear human,

can i stay with you ??

cuz tho i'm still too scared of 'touch',

i love you, friend,

so very much!
I love that he's doing his best to show you the affection he can right now!! What an absolutely precious creature. You're both lucky
My heart can't take it.

This is the sweetest thing I've ever seen.

Look at how pure this animal's heart is. 

I hope he gets all the love, happiness and feelings of safety / security he deserves.
He's burying you so he can eat you later.
Dogs do that burying thing when its something they want to keep safe, food aggressive ones do it with their food to ‘save for later’ the same they would bury a bone in a yard. He’s telling you he appreciates you taking care of him and he’ll be ready to let you touch him soon but until then he wants to keep you safe ❤️
Not rlly, he's just covering the stench of ur nasty feet
So fostering a dog means you can't touch him and you have to let him come to you or is it something like that? Sorry kinda new to the whole fostering a dog idea
Makes me laugh that we anthropomorphize this into “its so sweet” “he cares for you”... when he is just covering something that smells bad.
I love him!
How precious! ♥️
Precious!!!!
Omg. Too sweet
What courty or us state are u in?
Awwww! He’s the sweetest thing!
What a good dog they love too much!!
he's so cuuuute \*-\*
He’ll be in your lap in no time.
🥺
Aw that is so darling!
OMG! :)
I need Max in my life
Sweet baby!
So precious!
Sweet boy 💙
Is no one gonna mention the cute little scruffy mustache
This makes me wonder if he was a service doggie in the past. He seems very good at taking care of humans.
Ugh. We don’t deserve doggos. He’s like, “mmm kinda scared of you but you seem to love me so I love you, and you look cold.”
Tell Max I said hi! :)
You misunderstand. You’re his foster human, you’re his calling. Also you provide food.
Awww!!  Special little guy!  I so wish I could have a dog Landlord says nope). I had to say goodbye to my 18 year old kitty this past Thursday.  Thank you for sharing Max!
I have that blanket.
That is so sweet! I love it! ❤️
u/vredditdownloader
Probably flashbacks when he had to work as a babysitter before.
We don’t deserve dogs.
Max is the man!
He's precious!! I have that same blanket!
omg I love schnauzers so much
oh my my wee heart...
Must keep my foster human’s feet warm!
🥇 (I can't give an award)
PROTECT HIM AT ALL COSTS
Oh my FUCKING GOD he’s so fucking cute and smart!!!!!!!
Awe!!!
The goodest boy ever.
My dog does this when something has a strong smell lol like to my boyfriends mouth in the morning or if you leave dirty clothes on the floor
What an amazing little guy
Tell us the whole story!
What a sweetheart!
What a sweet boy‼️ He’s trying to tell you he loves you, but needs more time to build trust for you to touch him. Will you please update when he does⁉️ P.S. Max is a keeper❣️
That's flippin cute and I have the same blanket
Ohh  wow.....soooo awesome....sweet doggo Max
Ahhhh he's soo precious and just adorable!!
Oh my goodness! I'm not crying! You're crying! He's the sweetest little guy ever!
Oh how sweet I want him  ♡♡
What a sweet boy. When you finally get to pet him it will be so awesome.
My heart is melting, he’s too precious for words!!!
He’s a keeper!! ♥️
I legit thought the cracks between your toes were long ass stitches.
This is just so sweet
Awwww sweet!
You're his foster human
Even dogs are scared about catching the Coronavirus!
My girlfriend has a mini schnauzer and he has such a rare personality. Very loving, playful, protective and LOUD :| trying to teach him when and when not to bark but they are so audible for every little reason. We love him though!
Precious!!
A keeper!
Give him the world
adopt himmmmm
That is a good boy
Hide your flesh, cretin!
I'll like to adopt him immediately please
Omg a schnauzer!!!

I wanted to adopt one a few years ago but I couldn’t find any. I now have 2 adopted mystery dogs who I love bunches.
We truly do not deserve them.
Awww!  Max, I know you can't read this because you're a dog, but you're a good boi!  If your foster pop doesn't tell you, me and the boys are gonna make a visit to your house to tell you ourselves.
Keep him!! 😍
Have “mini” schnauzer, as sweet as it looks he’s probably wiping the water bowl off his beard. Enjoy. Lol
He’ll be someone’s best friend! You are so wonderful for taking in and loving this dog! Thank you!
He probably just doesn't want to smell your feet.
Hug this dog when he let's you, so sweet of him
He's just burying his food for later.
Schnauzers make the best pets
What's his story? I see owner surrender, but why is he fearful? Sweet little thing!
Max just definitely got himself rescued!
What a sweet boy. We've had our adopted Beagle mix for 2.5 years and she's still coming out of her adorable little shell.
I think he wants under the blanket. Lift it up for him to get under and snuggle.
Awww he's such a sweet boy.  :)
Oh my god what a good boy. I'd take him but chances are you're not in North Dakota .
Max is an angel🥺
Awww what a sweet goodest of bois making sure you're comfy 😍
What a good pup! 😍
Oh how I needed this tonight. Max you’re such a sweet boy!!! ❤️🐾
I love Max.
God bless you, God bless Max
he good boi! Please ~~pet~~ greet him from me! :3
I'm glad he found his forever home... 😉
Once again, unconditional love from an animal.❤️
Thank you for giving Max a home!❤️
He’ll come around soon. He must have had a horrible past experience. That thought makes my heart break.
But he is safe now and that is all that matters. ❤️🙏❤️
March 6 1997 i got my first schnauzer.  He was a stray! On my way home from work my mom told me that if i wanted a dog to grab him. I still remember him sitting in a field,  caked in mud, and he was so grateful when i wrapped him in the jacket from my work uniform and got in the warm car
 
It was my dad's birthday.  So that was a surprise.  And how i remember that date.  


Anyway, he warmed up to us in a week or so and was an awesome buddy. We had him for 11 years, so we estimated he was about 15 or 16 when he passed.
What advice has been given to help him with touch? Have you researched the timid rabbit method with sitting in a small space with them?
How long have you been fostering Max?
I'm so glad he's got a you to love him while he learns to trust again!
I pick up a foster this week! Shes also a no touch but my palace of blankets has been known to turn them around.
Give him treatsbfor being so sweet
This is The Best Boy
That is the sweetest thing! Awwww!
I want him so bad.
Max is a king.
This is the cutest video I have ever seen
Thisjust too damn precious.
Maybe he doesn’t Ike feet. Jk
Gotta protect the tootsies.
oh Max, you wonderful pup.
HE’S TUCKING YOU IN!! 🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
Welp, this completely melted my heart.
He's burying you to snack on you later. JK what a sweetheart!
He's so adorable! I also came here to say I have the exact same blanket pattern but for my guinea pigs
My schnauzer does this! 

They're just a quirky breed, and very vocal and I love them and Max is the cutest bb
I love that schnauzer snort he’s doing!  My mother’s schnauzer does the same thing.
He's burying you to eat you later.
He’s super adorable, I also have that same blanket!
This is the sweetest thing I’ve ever seen 😍😍😍
Awwwwwwwww
He's a keeper.
Schnauzers are the sweetest dogs. I love the way they use their snoots to burrow
Max deserves the world
Can somebody get started on that?
I would die for Max.
We don't deserve the hearts of these fluffs <3
This is no way, about you, wanting attention.
😭😭😭😭😭😭
Max you're the definition of a good boy ♥️
schnauzer?
Awe my mini schnauzer used to tuck me in too
Too cute
Or bury you alive
Mine does something similar with her nose when she covers up her food bowl. 

I hope Max opens up to you soon!
Jesus Christ, that is the sweetest thing I’ve seen in a long time
For breeds that like to nest like that, I find that giving them a couple small blankets or towels they can dig in is really helpful for providing a feeling of safety. Either in his crate so he can sleep in them, or closer to where you're hanging out if he's comfortable enough to be that close to you already. :) I have a couple towels I ripped up into pieces that I use/wash for that purpose.

Thank you for fostering <3
Was that a former service dog? I doubt so because of the breed but I've only ever seen service dogs cover people that way with blankets
Dying here
I don’t know if I could foster a dog without full on committing to adoption. That’s a whole other level of self-control right there
This is why I know I'll never foster as much as I want to. I'd just end up with 10+ animals.
OMG I'm in love!
omg this is so sweet!!
I love Max
I could never be a foster to dogs and cats. I'd just end up adopting every one.
Treats, lots of treats
I can feel the energy heavy as if i'm there
Naww this is so cute 💕
This is one of the best "aww" posts I've seen. My heart breaks and is warmed at the same time. So glad Max found you and hopefully soon his forever home.
He’s so cute!
I need this dog
Adopt him right now.
Cute but, Plot twist: your feet just stank. Lol
Hi Max, you’re perfect.


Love, a cat lady
Those feet must STINK!
Wow!♥️ he looks so cute, identical to my grandparents dog before they passed and the same name! Max was short for Maximus though 💕 very timid but in time would be your best friend!
THIS THIS IS THE ONE OFFICER THIS POST PUT A BULLET THROUGH MY HEART
That’s a good boy
Angel
I have a question if it's ok to ask and you know or something, why is Max scared to let you touch him?
I WANT TO PET HIM!!!!
We need updates
Wow that little dog is really smart he really understood what he was doing incredible stuff👍
Dogs are so sweet and forgiving to a fault. My SIL has fostered so many dogs that had every right to hate people and not trust anybody, but with some time and TLC they’re the most loving and caring dogs ever, I’ll never understand how some people treat them so poorly when all they want is to love and be loved.
What a cutie
Such a good boi
My dog grabs one single piece of kibble, and buries it like this.  Then she sits for a few seconds and eats it.
Maybe he's just trying to cover the smell...
This dog? I'd die for his dog. My life? Disposable if it meant happiness for this dog.
That’s a dog worth keeping
Dogs are the best
This good job deserves all the praise from a short distance
Your feet smell and he's burying them, that's all...
Mini-schnauzers are my favorite. I adopted one four years ago. He is so weird. He growls if I don't put a sweater on him. He insists on sticking his tongue out. He has an extra rib because reasons. He acts like a cat. I wouldn't give him up for anything.
Hes social distancing but still wants to show he cares
Ha, dogs bury things to eat later, sleep with one eye open.   OK joking, seriously this is super cute, he's going to make someone with the patience a lovely pet.
Cryin in quarantine
Quite correct, Max.  Tucking the blanket around the feet is a very important procedure to discourage errant hands from beneath the bed.
Give Max pets!
Give him time. I have two Wildcats that I've been feeding. They haven't let me pet them for around 4 and 7-8 years. They just finally started to barely. They are still outdoors, but they will occasionally come inside. 

They don't eat birds thankfully. They let the birds have their cat food. They do take care of the rodent problem though. Win win.  He will come around though, don't push him. Coax him with snacks, but still dont pet him. Always resist.
mabye your feet stink
I hope you told that beautiful pup who good it had been!  That's adorable!
I needed this today,  


&#x200B;

Either your feet were too stinky, or he knows about the pandemic lol
My dog does this to food and toys she cares about very much. Your foster pup must care about you very much!
Such a good good boy
Wow. He looks just like my dog. When I lie in bed he likes to rest his head on my shoulder and sigh loudly in my face. It is annoying, adorable and endearing at the same time. He's been doing this for about five years and I never don't laugh.
I thought that was a goat for a moment lmao.
Double aww
A gentleman and a scholar!
He just thinks you stink and is trying to cover you up
Yo I have that blanket and that’s a pretty cute dog
/u/vredditshare

https://gfycat.com/UnfortunateRigidCranefly
Dogs usually do this when they think something smells bad. They attempt to bury the smell away. I’m speaking from experience with my dog lol.
That’s is so awesome!
What's going on with that protruding ankle bone?
That's his way of saying that your feet stink.
I will always maintain that we don't deserve dogs
My friend has a dog like these they are so cute he cuddles up to me and i guess that's rare i am a very nurturing person so that's why his puppy feels safe with me <3 love these breeds of dogs. He has 3
Maybe your feet stink
We dont deserve them.
hhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Omg omg omg
Man I gave away 1 all white and 1 all black miniature schnauzers like 10 years ago when I had to move and couldn’t bring them with.. bring back good memories. If the other person from KC doesn’t come through, let me know!!! I’m in the Midwest!
Nice
Maybe he’s trying to bury you. Jk he is SO adorable!
Can't have no cold toesies !! So sweet ♥️♥️
Introvert good boy
Dogs have extremely developed sense of smell
So adorable an it's so unusual to see a dog do that.  Smart dog.
!remindme 2 days
Goddamn humans with no fur on their bodies to keep them warm. Here, have some, temporary furs.
AWWWW ❤️ my dog is a schnauzer too and with the exact same name ❤️
He’s doing the best he can.
Schnauzers are rooters. That's what they do.  I love mine.
I love you max
He'll come around.  Eventually.  They all do
My heart
Too pure for this world lol
That’s a heart that’s not afraid to love, but scared of being loved the wrong way.
Good boye doin a tuck.
I’m guessing it’s more because your feet stink, rather than the dog worried about your well being.
Svhnauzers are amazing little dogs. We just said goodbye to our own boy Jack. We owned the parents who had been given to us for free (rehomed) and they happened to be papered, so we let them breed a few times over 6 years or so. Healthy little babies we raised in our home. The last litter had only one baby, so my mom kept him. He was the best boi. So smart and sweet.
I need to show this to my dog so she knows I'm not weird when I obsessively tuck her in.
The dog from ‘TinTin’ movie.
Great dogs.
That's is a great fukin blanket
Maybe your feet stink and he’s tired of smelling it
This is random but my sister has that exact blanket.
He's saving you for later.
Think you might have just become a foster failure. Too cute!
Good boi Max!
A schnauzer named Max... I’m getting CarTalk vibes out the wazoo 😂
owned two mini schnauzers, they’re the fuckin best. best cuddle dogs too, they followed me everywhere. miss them :(
Can you post more videos of this dog
Sweet Max!
Precious pupper
Bet he likes music
How u know a dog is really loyal and loving 2 u🐶🐕🥰
Yeah, that dog's getting adopted.
My family has always had miniature schnauzers. They are just the best dogs. We had to unexpectedly have one (she was my buddy) put to sleep in middle 2016 due to cancer, and I'm definitely not over it yet. But seeing this makes me very happy - you've experienced what a wonderful thing Schnauzer love can be, and soon so will someone else!
He's covering his shit.Your feet smell
A good boi
Omg I'm in tearsssss😭❤️
Cute dog
Nice.
What a lovie.
Wicked smaht
That is so cute! What a sweetie.
What a darling
My Grandmothers Rescue cat, follows her around everywhere, even joins her IN the shower but he will not accept a single pat. He will bite anyone who tries.
That’s so cute!
So fucking cute!!!
What a cutie !
Adorable
Just saving those for later....
I miss my schnauzer! They have the best hearts 🥰
It amazes me how across all species, there exists a universal display of love and caring.
I have the exact same dog, his name is Max too
Thank you for fostering! He is a lucky boy!
Aww, he's the goodest of boys!
Such a good boy.
My dog is a sack of shit
👏❤️
This is so beautiful. What a sweet boy. I hope Max never finds himself without a home ever again
What a wonderful, sweet dog.
That is incredibly sweet.
!Remindme 7 days
baby’s got ocd lol
I had a miniature pinscher foster that did the same exact thing! His name was also max haha
I love him 🥰🥰🥰
I have the same blanket, well my baby does. It was given to him recently by his now deceased grandmother. Just went to her funeral today.
Himbs a good boi.
I love the determination!
we love max for loving us❤️
Dogs are better people than people.
That's a good boy
Bless him
Wow, I have the same blanket
One of the best experiences of my life was when my sister's dog finally trusted me to ask me to pet him. For some reason he was scared of me for a while.
Your dog is every abandon child in every anime I’ve seen so far
Hi
Thank you for sharing this video...he melts my heart. I hope that good boy always has a loving home.
Such a good boy (or girl).
Cute. I hope that’s not psychotic behavior 🤪
This video made me tear up thinking of my old buddy
!RemindMe 5 days
Awwww! He’s trying so hard to take care of you and I love him!
I have that same blanket. Use it as a cape to keep my arms warm
Good boy!
Seriously just don't like your feet
ahh something positive in this world <3
I love him!
I need more
Good doggo
so cute
Good dog.
!Remindme 7 days
I have that blanket! I use it to make my hedgehog cozy.
Schnauzers are so cute. <3
Aww my old boy used to do this. Always would tuck me in at night then lay between my legs. Miss him much, just got the courage to finally get rid of his bed today 😭😭
What a good fucking boy!
u/VredditDownloader
Rood roy
Bad ass doggo
Nice
AwwwwwAwwww!!!
We don’t deserve dogs.
Foster fail! Foster fail!
He's perfect!
More humane than a human
I so hope this adorable little max gets the best forever home ever! 😭
This is so nice to see after a picture of someone microwaving their turtle. I lost all faith in humanity but this dog makes me happy
I have that exact fleece blanket.
Apparently I'm the only one that isn't crying in this thread O\_o
He’s adorable! Just give him some time. He will learn to trust you. Don’t pet him at first. Let him sniff you and get familiar with you at his own time.
Its because you aren't being gentle enough with him
New favourite video omg
You better not get rid of him
Plot twist! He's actually thinking "omfg these stink! I can smell them from the backyard!!!" 

Hehe jk.. This is 110% Adorable!
Max is the dog we all need right now. Thanks for sharing.
We adopted a rescue about 5yrs ago and she wont let you reach out and pet her. She also covers us up. Stuffs any crevice with blanket. She will also cover her dish up when it has food in it. She is feral but allows us to feed her and my son gets kisses and cuddles.
That's cute!
haha so cute they are so smart
Aww that is wholesome. He looks so sweet.
I have a schnauzer poodle mix, they are the SWEETEST dogs. My girl will protect me at all costs. I love the breed. Such a good mix of sweet and naughty ❤️
where to follow him?
Max is so loving
i think ur dog is trying to bury u.
❤️
I’m not crying.... *yes I am*
Maybe he doesn’t like feet. I knew a cat that hated people’s bare feet and would attack them. Left feet alone if they were in socks though.
Not a good boye, but the best boye
Schnauzers are the best.

Source: am owned by a schnauzer
So handsome!
Ahhh my heart ❤️❤️❤️❤️ for this fur baby,  he is so lucky to have you to foster him and so many loving people wanting him to find his forever home!
Foster dog  max looks so much like one of my favorite clients that i'm messaging his family to make sure their max is doing okay.
He’s just burying food for later.
That's the sweetest goddamned thing once ever seen.  No! You're crying!
My dog does the same things with the food he wants to eat later. Be careful.
Good boy max 😩😥😥😥
I'm not crying you're crying 😢 😭
I have that exact blanket!
I promised I wouldn’t cry today. Not today. Not...
No doubt about it hands down miniature schnauzers are the best dogs!!
OMG he's  such a good boy , I hope he'll find his forever family
That is so sweet it hurts
Pretty sure he's trying to bury you
That’s a good boy and the Best boy that ever lived.
He's burying you so that he can eat you later. 😅
Aww! Reminds me of the series *The amazing tales of Max and Liz*
Walmart fleece blankets for 2 bucks! I like
That's adorable! What's his story? Why is he so scared?
My little one was like this when we first adopted him. He shivered almost uncontrollably when we would talk to him or touch him at first. He was raised in an animal hoarding situation where they were forced to surrender their animals. He hadn’t had a lot of human interactions (or had experiences with humans that made him fearful). 

He was still very young (around a year old), and he unexpectedly bonded with my husband pretty early on. We let him come to us (like the video). 

It’s been 6 years now, and he’s inseparable from his dad. He loves me too, but his dad is his favorite! He definitely still has anxiety issues, but as long as he has me, his dad, or his fur brother (we adopted his fur brother a year before we adopted him), he’s fine now.

Edit: little one on the couch with me - https://imgur.com/gallery/YYidmw7
My dog does this to bury the food she doesn’t want at the moment. She also hides it in blankets
That is my sister's favorite dig breed. Such a sweet puppy
My dog ,Max, also loves to root and snoot some blankets..coincidence?? I think not! 😤
I have a schnauzer named Max as well!
My heart is melting.
❤️ that little one!
One of my dogs does this with shit and pizzles. So ummm.
Such a good puppers!
Its trying to hide your scent lol
So sweet! We adopted a senior schnauzer almost 4 years ago and he is the sweetest dog ever! We hope he finds a nice home!!!!
What a sweetie!
You can’t let max go🥺
Max is absolutely adorable! I sincerely hope everything works out.
Mah lil homie has a foot fetish
He looks like Daniel Day-Lewis
How sweet!! I grew up with a miniature schnauzer named Max, and he was my best bud. We’ve had schnauzers ever since.
Omg! i have the exact same dog with the same name wow
I think hes just saying yo feet stank
GOD DAMMIT that is one good boi
As if your not gonna keep that absolute gentleman!
Nice Walmart Blanket
That looks like the YouTuber Lazarbeams dog
Holy shit.  This one made me cry.
I would’ve been sobbing. That’s cute as hell
My cat is an asshole, send help
reminds me of my pup 💙
If you want to experience unconditional and unbounded affection, get a mini-schnauzer.

(Be sure that's what you want though because you WILL get it! lol).
That doggo is making a serious case for adoption
Have you ever considered that you simply smell and the dog won't interact with you unless you're covered?
We don’t deserve dogs <3
I grew up with a Wheaton terrier mix that did this. He had no interest in being on the couch or the bed and hated blankets for himself, but was insistent that the blankets were on me or my parents. Such interesting instincts.
This is a sweetheart
That is precious.
Please tuck him in brilliantly aswell
this looks so satisfying
I wanna cry. Our pets are so special.
Good boy
Awwww
Thats fucking adorable
When you say foster dog, you mean you foster him, right? It seems the roles are reversed. Good boi!
My puppy does this too, except it’s to bury my wife’s socks in the couch lmao. It’s still adorable though. This little schnauzer bro is the best.
/u/Vredditshare
Another Max says hello!  Great name. https://imgur.com/DFUgD1X.jpg
Lol Max is stress burying you. You stress him out. But probably everything does right now.v
Dogs like burying smelly things.
He's burying you in blanket lol 🤣
Max knows that feet are Patreon only content
so cute! bribe with treats :)
Maybe one day
That is definitely a Schnauzer thing.
Wish I could adopt more pets
He will get there. And the bond between him and his forevor family will be AMAZING. 
We don't deserve dogs. That's for sure <3
I love this so much. What a beautiful soul.
I effn love dogs.   If only humans were so kind.
Protect this pup at all costs
What can we do to ensure this sweet boy is adopted?
Oh what a precious sweetie!
t o e s
He probably did that for his last owner before they died or something :c
Hey! I have the same blanket :)
Puppy Love 💙🐾
This makes me want a schnauzer 😍
u/vredditdownloader
I am going to make a suggestion, tell me if it works.

Make a little den with your knees and open the blanket to let doggo in. I bet he jumps under the blanket.
OH you have to do everything in your power to keep him!!!!!
He is such a good boy!
It's because your feet smell.
This is the best thing I have seen all day. Thank you for sharing
Oh my, why is Max a foster?   He seems hard to resist adopting.
Or he thinks your feet stink.
Why do some dogs do this?
Max is adorable.
My dogs do this to my newborn so my wife looked it up...dogs bury food, not loved ones.
