The cat has that look of "come on, get real"
Weird. My cat would have taken an hour to knock over each individual cork while maintaining eye contact with me the entire time.
They only need to see where the front paws go, since the back paws fall on the same spots.

Edit: as seen [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/interestingasfuck/comments/6b3u4n/how_a_cat_makes_footprints/).
Proof that when cats knock stuff over its on purpose
Lol at the massive amount of wine drank to make this happen.
Cats have evolved so that their back feet always step where their front feet stepped in order to improve balance, stealth, etc.
Now try that with a long haired cat! Mine would have knocked over a fluff width path
Only the penitent man shall pass.
This is where they get their higher than thou attitude lol
Doesn't even wine about it.
Now show dog. 😀
Proof they mean it when they knock shit off the counter, they could avoid it if they want to
I applaud the ratio of champagne-style corks in this mix!
Our cat would look at us in disgust, asses which of us was the ringleader, then maintain eye contact while knocking them down slowly one at a time...Then a triumphant look at the dog before stealing the dogs dinner again. By steal I mean wall up while he's eating,  make him aware of her presence so he surrenders it....
If you look closely at 0:09 you can see that it hit one of the obstacles... 😨😨😨
The front paws I get, but the rear. That’s crazy. So they step in the same footprints as a natural thing?
[deleted]
I can see two reasons why I want to hang out at this house.
Obstacle corks
Ninja cat ninja cat does whatever a ninja cat does
That is an extremely considerate cat. Mine would have knocked them all down out of pure spite.
Our cats would knock every one of those down, just for the hell of it.
Great, so what you're saying is, when my bastard cats knock over every damn thing as they walk across my desk, it's intentional.
Poor cat is living with a bunch of alcoholics.
Ours would just cry on the other side waiting to be rescued because he’s a dramatic baby
The level of "this is what I'm doing while bored" gets better every day
It knocked one over though. Clearly not "nothing"
..... not sure why I thought the cat was going to walk on top of all that
I think you mean obstacle corks.
Are you an alcoholic
Obstacle corks.
What do you think the cat was doing before you got stuck home 24/7? Training!
Pretty much just proves that cats knock stuff off on purpose, it's no accident just being your resident asshole.
This is how you know when they knock over your wine glass it's fucking deliberate.
Now ... show the cork collection owner navigating the cork-maze.
Fuck you lol - cat
Legit question - how do they know where their hind legs are landing?  I've always wondered this about most 4 legged animals.    
Except dogs.    
My dogs don't G.A.F. where they step.
Cat was a lil peeved.
Doc: How much alcohol would you say you drink in a week?

Patient: “Some”
How does it know where to put the back feet??  
Such confidence is enviable.
he's like 

*I'm not an idiot, Karen.*
/u/vredditdownloader
Did anyone else think the cat was gonna walk on the cork screws...
We can’t see if he knocked anything over, lol
This is made a lot easier for cats based on the way they walk. It is called "direct registering" where they step their back paws directly where their front paws already stepped. As an evolutionary trait, it made it easier to walk across uneven/unsure terrain since they only had to find sure-footing for 2 points rather than 4.

Source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cat_anatomy#Legs
Time for AA
Well, he's clearly not drunk, give him back his keys!
I have 2 cats.

One could sprint through this with her eyes closed and not touch a single cork. The other would stroll through kicking over everything in his path.

Also, that's a lot of wine.
HOW MUCH WINE DID YOU DRINK FOR THIS
Everybody: Something cat
Me: Thats an alarming amount of wine corks
“you gotta be kitten me, meow what are you up to, you corky human?” -wineing kitty, probably
The only need to see where the front paws go, since the back paws fall on the same spots.
He/She only needs to see where the front paws go, since the back paws fall on the same spots.
/u/vredditshare
Not the first time and probably not the last time.
Add vacuum cleaner noise to conduct performance under stress.
Cat: hold my beer
Now I wanna see a golden retriever do it.
I love how much time it would have taken to set this up and that cat just shows you up like a damn boss
This cat can walk a mine field but my cat cannot walk on my desk with a single pen on it without knocking it into tomorrow!  Cats, gotta love ‘em.
"Ok, now your turn human"

\*5 seconds later\*

"Can someone call 911?"
Want to see him knock them all over put them on a table
How does it know where to put the feet? 😲
How on earth does a cat know where to put it hind legs??
Meanwhile, day 17 of quarantine, the cat was put through its paces.  Passed.
the front feet - well human. the back feet - that's feline perfection.
Nobody going to mention the fact it knocked one over? Smh.
That's, actually pretty astounding. I'm sure if you brought this up to human size, the human would probably have difficulty navigating such a thing as quick and effortlessly as the cat.
knocked one towards the end
It’s amazing at how cats can do stuff like that so easily
Human says, I bet you can’t do this! Cat says, hold my cat nip!
I will be doing this immediately
Turn on the vacuum and see how graceful the cat is! Edit: cat not car lol
How many quarantine days for that many corks?
I like cats
This is amazing! Although halfway he knocked over a single one of them, still impressive nonetheless.

My cat has walked into walls and tables like 3 times...today
Your cat said fuck you and your course
Hmm, a cat owner with a boat-load of corks. 

My kind of feline owner (s).  And, let's be honest, that gorgeous beast has had practice dodging corks onthefloor.
Why do you have so many fleshlights?
BOSS
This is only like the third week of stay home and you already have that many corks?? I’m quarantining with you next time!!
Looks like your stocked up on wine.
Need dog version
Okay, we need to talk about this person's quarantine drinking, because holy shit.
When cats walk they move the corresponding rear foot into the place of the front foot. They only need to think about where they're going to put their front foot next and the rear one follows. Cats are amazing!
Cat as he walks away:

Idiot
Just saying that’s not hard, in proportion to the size of its feet those gaps are massive. It would be like if you laid out loads of the large toy hula hoops and asked someone to walk through them without touching the sides. Proportions people
I think you mean obstacle corks
Now let's see a post of a dog trying to make it thru a similar obstacle course.
Fun fact: cats only leave 2 footprints, the hind leg steps in the same spot the front leg does.
They are like donkeys they can see their back legs somehow.
When your cat has a drinking problem
How much wine did op drink to make this.
Wow that's really impressive, equally impressive is how many wine corks you have and the time you took to set them up.
I have two...have had up to 6....and they never cease to amaze me. The most amazing dexterity and grace I have ever seen. Although, to be more accurate and real, the cat should have stopped in the middle, and vomited up a hairball.
Why did I think he was going to step on each little log to get across
he's like "why did that weirdo put all these things on the floor?"
Bs, it knocked one over.
It knocked one over with its back right foot though...
Now send a dog down that hallway. 🤣🤣🤣
This video shows that cats do have the ability to be polite dainty babies but choose to be assholes and knock over your coffee. Still love them though
Cats walk in direct register, where their rear feet go right into the foot steps of their front feet. So this kind of thing is right up their ally.
who else expected the cat to walk on top of the corks
This is undeniable proof that when they walk on your desk and knock something off it wasn’t an accident
Cat’s muttering, “Fucking alcoholics.”
I'm actually incredibly impressed. Cats must be able to process movement very quickly. Good reflexes, quadruped
My cat would trip over the first one, scare itself and proceed to scramble through the rest in complete chaos
u/Princesarya
I think you mean 'Obstacle Corks'
Put them on table, sure different kind of result
My cat would've just walked through them like a bowling ball, knocking over every single one on purpose just to remind me that I'm not in control.
Are we going to over look that's a shit ton of wine?
My cat can’t get on empty dresser without knocking over 4 lamps
I want to see a follow up video of a dog fucking shit up as they excitedly run toward camera
Man how long you been under quarantine  lots of corks
Someone has a drinking problem
This is easy for a cat because 3 points make a stable plane. Lifting one foot at a time when being careful means they can lift and replant a leg without having to shift their center of gravity.

It’s much harder for bipeds like humans to walk because our center of gravity is further from our feet. Also, being two-footed, when we lift one leg we have to shift our center of gravity over the other leg to keep from being off balance and falling over.
Damn someone is really drinking their quaren"wine"
That's a week's worth of quarentine drinking.
It's probably wondering when you're headed back to work. :> 💜
It totally knocked some down with its back feet, you can see the corks fall...
10!
Me ... knocking every single one down ... sober 🤪🤪
This is just the way I walk.  And what?
It doesn't even seem to be looking either, which mean this is all done with the periphery.  Crazy.
The cat knows his human is an alcoholic,he is used to the nonsense.
Holy shit, you may have a drinking problem
Lol at the massive amount of wine drank to make this happen.
Jeez how much wine and liquor do you drink?
I have a feeling this will get on /r/all
Too much wine? Hahah
I thought he was going to do the "floor is lava" game. Still impressed he didn't knock any down.
Ok, but what are you going to do with this week's corks?
lol my cat would attack the corks
Over 150 liters of wine/champagne. At a rough estimate.
Now try putting them on the counter and watch as the opposite happens
Now let's see the dog do it.
Pure idiot savant.
How’s your self-isolation going?
So graceful
Some cats will just patiently walk through, lifting their paws really high to make sure they don't hit anything

And some cats will just... 

***ZOOM***

and knock everything over using their tail
look at how large the space between stumps is versus how small their feet are.


If they were proportionally spaced out like this based on how large our feet are, we’d breeze right through it to
This is just letting you know when it does knock stuff over it's doing it to make a point
“HA! I got the knife! Now turn on the goddamn lights!” - Eddie Murphy
Only knocked one down, madness
My cat would of just used the tornado approach.
This is the coolest thing I've seen in ages.
I think it's easy for cats because I think they put from and back legs at almost exactly same position. So if the front hands are placed well, it's just a matter of placing the corresponding back leg (left or right) where the front one was placed.
EZ haha
how does it know where to put its back legs?
He got further than I thought he would
Cats back paws naturally step exactly where their front paws step because they cant see them.
When you max out agility
Corking!
Cats are fluid
Ha, my cat can't walk across my dresser without mowing down everything in her path!

...although she only does it when I sleep late, so it might be intentional.
How much wine do you drink?

&#x200B;

Yes.
OK, I get how it does the front paws but how does it see where to out its back paws?
The Patrick Kane of cats
The best the best the best the best the best...
The corks are photoshopped




*hiccup*
Autonomous ultra instinct
Ummm I'm sorry, but obstacle course? That's just the floor to a cat.
they are very stealthy...
If this were my dog he's have made sure not one cork was standing
How?
My cat would fail at this so hard
I read something somewhere that cats' walking is designed so that the back foot lands exactly where the front foot lands so they always know where their back feet are landing
Now you do it!
Then there’s my cat who gives no fucks and probably couldn’t knock more of them down even if she laid down and stretched across the hallway while barrel rolling toward me.
Do cats back legs follow the foot prints of their front legs?
r/NatureIsFuckingLit ?
“Give me an actual challenge, human”
Cause they cool like cat
nice
Wish I could say the same for my trading cards. Little shit made a beeline for them every time my sister and I would play.
meh, the cat needs a real challenge.  let's try that with dominoes.
Nice one, twinkletoes
So smooth
At first the cat was like,”naw, ain’t got time for that.”

Then just to prove superiority, pranced across.
Pro level
Replace the corks with legos, then talk to me
the human probably worked 10 min on that
so the back leg just follows the front leg.
There was a time when I found stuff on Reddit first. Lately it’s finding stuff on tik tok then someone posts it on Reddit.
My cat would knock every single one of those down.
what kinda fucked up ass cats you grew up around that couldn't figure out how to put their paws on a flat surface that made you think this was remarkable
Look at twinkle toes over here
OP's a cork lover all right!
Lmao didn't even look.
Brilliant they are brilliant 🌸
How does he know where to put his back feets
What is amazing is the back feet somehow know not to knock them down...
I mean, wouldn't it be like us walking through orange cones spaced a foot apart? It's only funny because the stupid human thought they controlled the situation, lol. I wonder if there's a god up there pointing and laughing at a human running through the trees wondering why he doesn't run into any.
Where is the dog version where they knock them all over
it almost worked, you just got a drink a little more! give us an update once the whole hallway is filled ;)
Das a wine addiction..
You didn't show us if he knocked any over along the way.
r/natureisfuckinglit
"Hooman, you may have a problem. Ahh... just feed me."
So cute
A dog would fail this in the goodest way possible!
sleek...
It only looks mildly annoyed by this.
How long did that take to set up just for him to walk over in 5 seconds? Lol
o m g
They only have too make sure thier front two feet dont touch as the back to always end up in the same spot as the front two feet.
Smort kat
It looks like op have a drinking problem
I'm surprised it didn't intentionally back-kick the last one out of contempt.
r/nextfuckinglevel
My cat is named Wobbles... she would have knocked them all over and scred herself silly.
How much wine did you drink?
My cat would do the same except every obstacle would be knocked over
Advance training. Find out the truth r/catsarespies
How... how much wine do you drink??? 😳😳😳
You built an obstacle what? WHERE?
My dog would be terrified of this challenge.
I'm pretty sure cat's back feet automatically go where their front feet did. So he just had to focus on his front feet.
Those predator skills. Im glad they are small.... imagine a golden retriever size cat lurking around your house like this
I want to pat the fuck out of that cat
Knocks one over at 8 seconds. Back left foot
A cat's back foot falls directly where the foot in front of it was. So they just need to plant the front feet right.
LOL this is what happens when your quarantined long term with a fully stocked wine cellar ;)
The cat wasn’t even looking 😅
That's a lot of wine
Cat-erine Zeta Joooness she dips between cooorks oh oh ooooh
Cats are basically tiny fur-coated ninjas.
If you wanna really make a cat obstacle course.... the floor is foil
You know that cat’s thinking, “Man if you don’t go to work. It’s been two weeks.”
Also helps that you can’t actually see if any fell over, well you can see one fall over near the end. I wonder how many others were also knocked over.
So you think this obstacle is your ally?
I was hoping for some acrobatics tbh.
Hmm, this isnt much difference than having bricks sparesly spaced out on the road, and a having a human not toppl the bricks though.
Now, let's try a dog.
Day 43 of isolation:
This is really impressive, even more so how it seemed so easy
Insane in the membrane!
It's like "We do this every week, Karen."
"You weren't supposed to do that. It took you no effort. I wanted to see you struggle"
Looks like your COVID-19 quarantine is going very similar to mine.
I think you may have a drinking problem
I love how it's sitting there like "Really? This is what you spend your time doing?" and then just no sells it like a pro.
My cat would have laid down
My clumsy cats would have knocked every one of those corks over, guaranteed.   XD
My dog would have utterly failed AND would not have noticed.
Enough about the cat, let's talk about that drinking problem 😅
Repost this was made yesterday
It’s a cats’ world and we just live in it.
Is there a version with a dog trying?
Didn’t even knock one over. 

That cat is fucking GANGSTER.
Think i have seen a video like this on YouTube.

 [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub82Xb1C8os](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub82Xb1C8os)
Cool fact. Cats have whiskers on their paws for this ability.
his owner probably spent hours putting this together and the cat acts like he doesn’t even notice it.
Cats are damn magic.

They only seem to knock things over if they're on a shelf.

If it's on the floor? Hardly ever.
More like...

*Puts on sunglasses*

Obstacle Corks
Cool way to turn a drinking problem into a obstacle course!
Hahahah there's no way I'd have that same hand-eye-coordination if I was a cat.
Mine would lay infront and wait for me to save him. He is big old man. He would yell lightly the whole time
The moment you realize you set the course for your cat, but the bathroom is on the other side 😂 😂
r/catculations
Is that kitler?
Ninja Car Warrior!
Any of those corks from a bottle of Sokol Blosser- Pinot?
That’s not a real cat.
How long did this take to set up and how long did this take to clean up
Our dog would have done it like it was nothing, literally. Just plowed on through it ignoring that they even existed.
Set it up on a table, watch every piece get knocked off the edge.
The amount of effort that was wasted here to set this up only to watch him walk over like it's nothing is incredible
Fuck outta here- cat probably
"I'm walkin' here!"
How long did it take them to set this up haha
Jesus, mine would have bulldozed through it like it's nothing
One is knocked over: right leg, about 9 seconds in.
First five seconds: calculating optimal path... 

Done. 

Execute. 

Done.
Cats' rear feet follow the front feet. They land on the same spots. So they only need to know where their front feet are.

Makes this a lot easier for cats than, say, a dog!
Why did I think that the cat was going to do the impossible and jump on the corks, parkouring its way down the hallway
Bet they're taped down
amazing thing is its hind legs follows exactly like the front...
Slow is smooth and smooth is fast
I was really hoping the cat would walk on the cork bottles like a ninja
Wow, does it have hind eyes for to control her hind legs so perfectly?!? <3
I mean imagine someone put bowling pins up that are a foot and a half away from each other. Of course it's nothing
Damn wish I had cat senses.   Cat slayed it like a ninja!
GIVE THIS CAT A HUG!!
 That cat is obviously a Hamon user! He secretly filled the corks up with water and moved them so simply with his Hamon!
My cat would have sniffed every single cork on the way to the other end.
Stolen from tiktok
Okay human, now it’s YOUR turn...
Ok.... Do dog next
How do its hind legs know how to avoid the corks?
Can someone plz animate landmine explosions into this?
But...but...the BACK feet! How does she know where to but he back feet?
My cat would’ve just walked away.
He still knocked some over towards the end with his back paws if you watch his feet closely
This is why I’d love to see a Godzilla-style kaiju film about a giant cat. Instead of wreaking havoc it would just gently step around all the trees and buildings and people while they cower in fear
Do their back paws step exactly where the front paws were?!
Give humans our tails back and we'd be a lot more impressive with this stuff, promise!
You may have a drinking problem. Like, there isn't enough wine in the world to fulfill your needs. And that's going to be a problem.
Can we just take a minute to talk about OP’s alcohol addiction?
There is no obstacle. An obstacle would be a wall.
Why do i imagine the cat pulling up it's skirt before maneuvering through the obstacle
Can you please show this test with a dog?

For science.
obstacle corks
She knocks one over right before the end! Back to the start!
Oh that cat didnt do the obstacle course. He said f you human, this quarantine bs needs to end. I need you gone and not bored enough to do this cork crap for amusement.
Huh, so they *can* do it without knocking everything in their path over.
I'll send me dog through that, not a single cork will make it out.
nice
Cats are ninjas
Your cat seems a little worried about your liver.
This is why I never have to worry about my cat knocking my bong off the table
They are so better than us.
r/nextfuckinglevel
I thought he was just going to walk away lol
Now I want to see a dog do it
Cat is just saying I will knock something over when I want to.
That is pretty awesome!
It knocked at least one cork over!!!
I mean, if you were as big as a cat those corks would be pretty easy to walk between.
Altho some cats will have fun with them, if you look closely to your cat, after the front steps they do the same spot with the lower pawns
Doesn't cat put their back feet where the front feet stepped? or something like that. So they only have to watch for their front feet.
Corkin' hell
lol
Ahh. I see you work at Olive Garden.
It’s crazy that the cat didnt even knock down the ones with his hind feet either lol
Lol. Now show it with the dumb lovable lab knocking over every cork.
VAR check at 0:07, did the cat touch the cork
Weird, It’s almost as if they’re a tiny apex predator designed from top to bottom to work as an insanely athletic killing machine.
I have video of me doing nothing like its an obstacle course...
All this shows is how slick your cat is... and that OP may have a drinking problem
Oh, so my cat can walk across my dresser without knocking everything on it over?
It knocked one in the middle.
r/nextfuckinglevel
Am I the only one thinking why did the owner keep all these corks? :D
Again, but this time walk on top of the corks!
HOW DOES THEIR BACK FEET FOLLOW PURFECTLY BEHIND ?!?
Why so many wine tops
he has the finesse of a careful burglar
How the f does it remember where to place the back feet lol
Well that would be like us walking through a grid with spaces two or three times the size of our foot. I guess we only have two to worry about though
I like how it looks back before starting as if to say, “psshhhh, bitch watch”
It knocked one.
CAT-herine Zeta-Jones, she dips beneath lasers ohhh oh ohhhh
A dog would just run right through kicking the corks everywhere with a smile on its face
Yet a single cork on top of a table - BAM!
oh my o my momma bruh this shit zapped fo real gang talk u kno
So THAT'S how my cat manages to dodge my dick all the time
You can see at least one cork get knocked over near the end.
I was really hopin he would stop at the end and knock one of the last ones over on purpose lol
Dirty son of a biscuit!
He didn't show what was behind the cat after it left the course
Wicked
And that is the difference between cats and dogs.
we're apes
And yet they have to knock everything they can get their paws on off a shelf or table. Little asshoes!
I think you have a drinking problem
I think my cat would walk about halfway through the hallway and then take a nap
Are we not going to talk about the obvious problem in the hall
The cat see you like "are you kidding me? that's insultingly easy".
My cats are too fluffy, their belly fur would take them all out
r/toptalent
It was scanning for optimal route for a second before it started walking.
I mean, it wasn't exactly hard was it.
Purrfect
Yeah, so we know they *can* avoid knocking shit over if they want to.
Let’s get a dog for this
Never mind the cat I'm impressed with the amount of corks. I need a isolation friend like that!
Come on the cat should of done it standing on his head 🙃
Natures killing machine , ever tried to give a cat a pill?  Youd think weighing 10x more would give you an edge.  Nope.
This shit's no problem ya fuckin wino
Cat’s like, “Damn, y’all alcoholics. Alright fine here’s your little parlor trick.” 😂
I'm seeing a lot of cat talk and not a lot of cat pictures
for a second i though the cat was standing on top of the corks
And did he retrieve the crystal cat skull?
thats what we call a drinking problem.
This is our new spy for any new spy movie
I love the cat doesn't even look at the corks
Evolution, motherfucker
It has only been a day and here we are with a repost.
I... don’t know why I was expecting the cat the gracefully walk on top of the corks
what are you an alcoholic
Cats are not from this planet im just sayin
My dog could do that! Of course all of the corks would be knocked down! Awesome video!
Meow that’s what I call nimbly bimbly
knocked over corks and hit a bunch more ha. Cat just doesn't give a shit ha.
Looks like this isnt the first time that the cat had to deal with this
The Legowalker, a legend among men
I guess the back feet must fall exactly where the front feet were.
And not even looking at feet, especially the back ones.
I think you have a drinking problem, man.
Like 👏🏼a👏🏼boss👏🏼
You merely adopted this little maze of sneaky paw paths, I was born to it.....
Pog
Good job kitty!
After drinking all that wine I would probably be as drunk as you were to think "Ya know what I could do with all these corks... BUILD AN OBSTACLE COURSE FOR MY CAT!!!"
Damn cat wasn't even looking at the end.
My cat, with her chonky ass would plow through leaving mass carnage in her wake. Cause That’s the way girl cat rolls
HP Lovecraft was on to something
Pretty sure our cat would play with every one of them which would create a domino effect and she would go nuts.
That’s a bad mamma jamma! I miss Mr. Kittles
like a boss
You may have a slight drinking problem
I know this is so dumb...But I'm fascinated how cat pinpoints  where to put it's back legs without knocking over anything.
This is genuinely interesting and impressive!
Are all of those corks from being quarantined?
Of course the person with the drinking problem has a cat.
How did she even make her hind legs go through this without even looking?!
I want to see dog now!
He can do it easily because cats step in the same spot with their back legs as their front legs
Can someone scale this up to human size and see if it is a challenge?
Cat in the cork shop!
Someone has a drinking problem
Cat doesn't give a fuck. 

It's probably like, "wtf is the point of this shit?"

It even looks off to the side like, "is he serious right now?"
Cats are born hunters. You think they'd have trouble walking through a path like that without knocking anything over? You'd be right. They're clumsy as heck. I don't know how they would survive without us taking care of them.
Cats! Cats! Cats! 😍
Cat just staresat the start and says "i dont have time for this shit" and casually walks through.
Hmmm somebody has a drinking problem
Now send a dog through it.....
Cats are cool like that. You should see what mine do sometimes- lmao...
Wow
"Things fall when I say they fall"
Why do you have so many corks?
That's a lot of wine for 2-3 weeks.
Wnat I find equally impressive is whoever set that up still has a functioning liver.
Wherever did you procure all of those corks? #coronacorkcollection
it was a cork in a bucket on my side, your multiplier must be huuge
I think you need to do this again but make it more difficult, like add tape, a puddle, and a tripline
Pathetic
And it didnt even look at the floor. Cats are either the derpiest animal on the planet or the most precise killer, theres no in between. If i did this my cat would stare at me for a minute and then either go around or sleep until the obstacle was gone
Same same as Tobias Fünke
and not one cork to was knocked over, now they that with a dog!
I have to look at my feet as I walk or I trip on flat ground
The cat knocked over corks... So graceful.
So they choose to knock things over
 (866) 293-7031
Cats are good at placing their paws where they want, they need to be sneaky to come upon prey in a forest and not step on noisy things.
That's heaven for one of my kitties, especially the champagne corks
are we not going to talk about the drinking issue?
I'm pretty sure the hind paws of a house cat fall directly in the prior locations of the fore paws. Left hind paw into right fore paw, right hind paw into left fore paw. So really the cat just has to pay cursory attention to the placement of its front feet.
My cat would've knocked them over with her butt and monster of a tail because she has a wiggle butt (she has a mild case of cerebellar hypoplasia).
Dog: Knocks half the shit over - on purpose...
Cats are always knocking things over, yet this cat goes out of his way to avoid that. r/whatswrongwithyourcat
I'm in awe for the dedication and sheer commitment the preparation took. In how much time we the bottles emptied?
Yeah but can she navigate your alcoholism?
I thought cat was going to walk the corks ninja style
Glorious.
You sir, might be an alcoholic.
I thought big and small cats do this, their back paws always step where their front paws step. It's to walk quieter and sneak up on prey.
How much wine do you drink
P R E C I S I O N
u/vredditshare
A dog would have just knocked shit over without a care
Let’s see one with a dog
Now let’s talk about how many wine corks you have!
He dropped one at the end
How does one have so many corks?
Fun fact: cat back legs fall exactly where their front legs were. This is to help them move more quietly.

They don't have to pay attention to where their back feet will fall, only their front feet.
anaylzing path... found a valid pathway
u/vredditdownloader
Someone's been guzzling the wine during quarantine....
Cat's like "Oh, look at this muffucka here, thinkin' he's big brain human.  Shit's weak!"
My dog would've just died
Qarintine really getting to you huh
Proof that when cats knock things over it is 100% on purpose.
They replace their front paw location with the corresponding back paw.
He needs to breed a thousand other cats and we will have minesweepers for the military
it's that whiskers trick!
How does the back leg not hit anything? It's amazing!
Hahaha!! That’s great! Especially after all that work of placing the corks!
My little black menace would first have knocked over half of them, ate 3, chewed 2 up and left them IN the toilet, then climbed the wall.
Wait until dropped vases and stuffs wake you up at two AM.
The real question is who has that many wine corks?
I’m just impressed with the amount of corks they have.
u/vredditdownloader
If you pay attention to the cat's eyes, it's not even looking at where it steps. In truth, cats actually have poor near-sighted vision. Anything that is up to about 12-inches in front of them appears blurry.

Which makes this even more impressive, as the cat already scanned his/her route ahead of time before walking through it and didn't touch a single cork.
I wanna see this done again, except with legos and someone’s dad.
Me: immediately finds objects to set up for my cats.
"Obstacle" and "cat" are two words that don't belong together in the same paragraph.
How is this Aww?
h-how
Obstacle “corks”
You set that all up for a twelve second vid
It looks back in the beginning like: “Was this supposed to be hard or something?”

*walks through without knocking a single cork*
Didn't even knock any down with hind legs, very impressive
Ninja Cat. A show I would absolutely watch right now!
This shows that they are entirely aware of their body in space. So when you see them scooch their butts into something, knocking it down, that shit is fully intentional.
I think you have a drinking problem and to much time :-)
That's alot of wine corks
I'm more concerned about how much wine you're drinking during quarantine
Cat so boss didn't even look at the floor
r/secretlyalcoholic
Hahahaha. I thought these were glued to the floor and the cat was going to walk on top of them. I am not smart.
That is a lot of wine you’ve drunk, my friend!!
Guess that’s why they call it cat burglar
The back legs know where to step too. Eyes on the butt. ;)
Mad respect
[Catpusic does you 6 ways](https://youtu.be/mgyS0b07Bkw)
Kitty's got parents that are drunks...
You mean obstacle CORK ?
You should have put a strip of foil at the very end so they would walk carefully through the entire thing and then hit the foil freak out and take off the other way and knock over every single one of them
This Aww moment brought to you by alcoholism
He/she couldn't even see their back feet! How?!
r/toptalent
Cats perfectly register when they walk, meaning their back foot aligns perfectly with where there front just was.
Can we now have a follow up video with a dog? Or various other animals?
Everyone is praising the cat but the owners liver is the real hero here.
*Sneak* 100
This is why cats back legs land in exactly the same spot their front legs do.
Alcoholic much?
obstacle quarks
Geez you are bored........and presumably drunk
What kind of sensors does the cast use? Maybe Musk needs to put it in Teslas.
/u/vredditshare
Owner: "Ok make sure to find away around every single cork that's unique to you" 
Cat: "no"
#calculated
That's actually kind of interesting. I never thought of it before, but do animals that do this simply put their back foot where their front foot just was?
This would be great with cat vs dog comparison
Cat: You may be drunk Sir but I am certainly not.

O.P. \*slurring drunkedly: I'll get you yet cat!  \*hic, pops another cork
Someone please do this with a dog so we can have a side by side comparison.
I remember once, I was with my sister at her place (she has 2 cats), and we were playing a card game that involved spreading cards all across her coffee table (there was not much real estate). One of her cats, a dainty tortoiseshell, walked across the coffee table, and as she did, she did not disturb a SINGLE card. XD Meanwhile, her other cat, a long-haired black cat, would jump up and straight up sit on a bunch of the cards, he didn't even care. XD
And yet, my cat walks on the counter and knocks off anything and everything in his path!!  

Its the show-off vs asshole instinct in cats!!!
Cats always put their back foot where their front foot landed, meaning this wasn't much of an obstacle for your cat.
drink all those bottle of wine since lock down? Well done, SirS
He knocked one over
I had a Siamese that could, and did, run through a Risk board that was mid play (for those who don't know a board game with an unconscionable number of tiny pieces) at full speed without shaking a single piece. The one time in her whole life she knocked something over she looked completely mortified. She was proud of her grace.(The words "you are beautiful" were the one thing she still responded to as she was passing away).
Love that the course is all corks. Lol
That must have taken so long to set up 🤣
I get the front paws... But the back paws.... What..
hmmm... maybe cats have an excellent sense of where their feet are
Does the back leg automatically follow the front leg?
Yes cats are both impressive and hilarious. But we are missing an important detail, that's A LOT of corks, I think someone might have a drinking problem
Who's been drinking the most little kitty??? ME!
Very smart
Cat-erine Zeta-Jones
OP I think you have a drinking problem.
It’s an awful obstacle course so ya
When the cat was sitting there before going and looked round : "this bitch serious?"
This guy wines.
I thought the cat was gonna walk ON the corques, kinda disappointed
AW
My cat would have stolen the first cork she saw and then knocked all the remaining ones over trying to get away.
I think you drink to much....
Holy shit. Take that Joe Exotic.
Now set one cup of coffee on one counter top in your house and start a stop watch.
Day 13 of the quarantine: my cat and I found a new game to play with all my newly acquired corks
Cat living with a bored alcoholic that's drinks,,way to much wine.
holy hell cats are coordinated
This is the opposite of that “STEVE!  NO!” video
Does he make sure to place his back legs exactly where his front legs left off? Man, I could really use a second set of legs.
You think that’s good? You should see my cat cross the mess that is my room.
7
Let’s see a dog do the same obstacle
I can understand why the front leg is not touching anything but why are the back legs not touching anything?! It's like they have eyes on the back of their head or something
I want to believe none were knocked over but we can’t see any of the corks behind him. They could all be knocked over by his hind legs and it would look the same.
This cat is a real thug
Now have a dog do it
“I pick up my young with my mouth by their neck... you think this a challenge?”
The only other animals that walk the same as a cat are giraffe and camel
Is it just me or does the "You don't say" award look like Nicholas Cage and Steve Harvey had an unholy love child, and that immaculate abomination became a furry?
Hence the phrase ‘cat walk’
Obstacle corkse.. I’ll see myself out
So about how you came to have so many corks...
So your saying my cat was purposely stepping on my nuts with feline precision?
Cats put their paws on the exact same place their front paws were placed, so they just need to concentrate on their front paws and thats it
u/repostsluethbot
It’s called 4x4, you should check it out sometime
I take it they like wine
Y'all drinkin' some serious wine over there
He still knocks one over at 0:09 with his back paw.
You can see him calculatin in his head as he walks
i thought the cat was gonna climb on each one, man i’m dumb
How much wine have you drunk during isolation?!
Omg. Hilarious. This is why I love cats.
This cat can maneuver a fucking obstacle course but my cat can't even pass by one erect water bottle without knocking it over at 3:00 am and make me shit myself
That cat is a superior cat. Period. This is an easy level for this cat
Someone is screaming AA!
My fascination is being able to retrace his front footsteps with his rear legs, without seeing it.
I was waiting for the cat to walk across the tops lol
