KID KEPT IN QUARANTINE AND GUARDED BY TWO VICIOUS DOGS
To all the fellas out there with ladies to impress

It's easy, just follow these steps:

1, cut a hole in a box

2, put your kid in that box

3, make her open the box

And that's the way you do it
That kid is having so much fun! I can’t remember the last time I had that much fun.
The little giggles. 🥺
Everyone’s talking about the box, but I just want those corgis lol.
It reminds me of the video where dad is sat comfortably on a chair with tennis ball/baseball hooked to fishing rod allowing son to train hits with a bat without moving out of his sit. 

Dad inventions are best inventions!
When I was a kid, right after the invention of cardboard a box was the best! It could be a house, car, spaceship only limited by the number of crayons you had.
I love the crazy hair!
God I so wish I could get this happy about anything these days.
"That's not Cheddar.... That's some common bitch!!?!?!"
Source: itazurayukithecorgi on Instagram
Adorable!!
[deleted]
A South Paw!
This is the most brilliant thing I’ve seen! They’re both having a blast!
That laugh!  Made my day. ❤️
I’m curious, I wonder what they ordered that came in a huge box? Kitchen appliance? Furniture?
Love the doggo:
1 waiting eagerly & 
2 not crossing the boundary line
Having pets in a kid’s childhood is one of the best things you can have
What a patient doggo :)
Genius!
One of the beautiful things here is the Brown Corgi got the ball twice in a row, then didn't even attempt it on the third go, to let Black Corgi have a turn.

That's a good dog, right there.
This is some god tier parenting, right here.
That’s just cute 😁
You can still go around your yard and be perfectly safe.
That's too cute lol. Him and doggo are having a blast, some of the purest joy comes from pets :D
Secure. Contain. Protect.
OMG, TWO corgis. As a fellow corgi owner, I hope you have a Roomba for each.
I’ve been following yuki for years ☺️☺️ [Here’s](https://youtu.be/J1tjjA0h3ug) one of my favorite videos of Yuki from years ago, he loves playing fetch with either a toy/blankie in his mouth 🥺
Social distancing the hell out of that baby.
This is cute as fuck
CORGIS?????? Sorry, those are just my favorite dogs
Such a good idea keeping the box the child came in
The vest part of being an army brat was the moving boxes
This is so damn cute.
Looks like you got a lefty there.
It’s like a drive thru window
The laughing!
Thinking outside the box, or...
I love how toddlers stumble around like miniature alcoholics
Thank you. I’ve been rewatching this for a long time and it’s been making me feel better
I luv he can't throw a ball without falling
Somewhere, B. F. Skinner is smiling.
Brilliant!
This is so smart!
genius! haha
I love this. Made me smile and laugh. How ingenious.
Corgis are great with kids

(Source: had them growing up)
He’s having the time of his life... not a worry about the world... this is precious and exactly what I needed to lift my spirts today 😭🥺 I wish I could double like it
u/happycamper_99 this is cute
This is the best thing I’ve seen in a long time. Genius combination of cheap & easy, with the sound of a joyous toddler, and happy dogs. Perfect.
My son would be out of there so fast.
where does one acquire such a box?
That's one cute, drunk baby
Brilliant! Parenting of the year award!
He’s left handed. Yeet
This is goddamn motherfucking shitting adorable.
This confirms that toddlers and drunk adults have the same motor skills
That's all parents are to kids and puppers. Entertainers/ feeders/ poop disposers.
The fun alternate ending to Se7en.
As an adult, I would probably have the same reaction as that baby if I saw a life-size doggo return a ball to me through a box.
And they said the perfect system can't be made...
That is so cute. :-)
Am i am the only one who noticed that the toddler used both hands to throw the ball? Talented little guy
This is the best thing I’ve seen in a while. Wholesome. Good for my soul. Thanks.
Guy needs a medal.
This is some god tier parenting, right here.
Toddlers in quarantine
Doggos bamboozled at 0:18.

Slick move baby.
I've been feeling pretty shitty about things recently, and especially about my faith in humanity in general....


This made me feel so much better.  Thank you so much!
Little drunken human
Corgis and a baby!? Cute overload!
That kid is drunk as hell.
Joy. Pure joy.
I've never met a child this tiny that can actually take steps. What a fascinating tiny little creature.
So cute😊
This is the cutest thing ive seen
Wholesome
Not sure which one's having more fun, the toddler or the dog.
D'aww... When the kid falls and the corgi goes back to see what happened. That made me smile :)
Man toddlers really are just drunk tiny adults
Great looking Corgi
OMG i can watch this for hours too lol. This is cute and a baby's laugh is just too much lol
A fellow lefty!!
The kid gets so excited when doggo returns with the ball 🥺
My favorite part about watching kids with dogs, in my experience, is that regardless of the size of the dog they know who they're dealing with and what their limits should be.

I have a small dog (pug) and we always play a little on the rougher side. I'll let him kinda chew on my hand while I'm concealing a toy, and he'll race around a lot when he has a toy and playing keep away.

When my son was a baby/toddler, and now with my daughter as a toddler, my dog will play the same games but ata  much slower and calmer pace. He didn't need to be trained on how to be around them, he just knew. My son is now 4 so my dog knows that far more running around is in the cards, but with my daughter he'll take a toy and play keep away but not much further than a few feet from her to give her a chance to catch up.

It's really sweet how dogs just know how to be patient with small people.
Dude build a prototype and market that s*** to Fisher-Price you will make millions
I do not believe that this child is securely contained, unless those dogs are going to physically (yet gently) block his exit. This is possible, however.

When I was an infant, my female German Shepherd followed my male cousin when he went outside early in the morning. The kid found that, while he could easily leave, the door was a step up so he couldn't reach the handle from the outside. Since this was a side-door, the kid tried to go around the front to the door on the other side. The dog, seeming to realize that a child this small should not be wandering away from the house towards the street, decided to keep him blocked in between our house and the neighbors. His mother woke up to the sound of her son scolding my girl for not letting him past. She was a smart girl.
Oh no this kid is really cute! And the corgis!!! Such good boys!!
Love the fuzzy hair! So adorable
This is absolutely Nobel prize worthy levels of genius
Still throws better than me.
I needed this today.

I will take all of them, and the box. Pack it up and ship it to me.
Damn I wish my dog could fetch. She’ll chase down whatever I throw but she won’t bring it back. She expects me to run after and take it from her, so instead of fetch we play tug of war lol.
he is having so much fun!
A dog is the best toy a kid can have and a kid is the best toy a dog can have.
This is the cutest fucking thing I've seen in a while
This is just adorable.
You got yourself a south paw.
I’m a 22 guy and on rare occasion I’ve been having baby fever. I work as a plumber and sometimes the little kids wanna know what’s going on or If the mom Is holding a small baby I’m like “Oh man I kinda want one” told that to my Journeyman and he said It’s one of the greatest experiences In life to have a kid. He loves every minute of It said there was not one part he didn’t enjoy when his son was smaller.
Parents: "Aww, so cute!"

Dog: "Show some fucking effort, you drunk."
Baby's are just tiny drunk people.
Dog 1: "By the time we're done with him, he'll be pitching in the majors."

Dog 2: "What's 'the majors?'"

Dog 1: "Dunno, something I heard from the guy who sits on our couch."
Now available on Discount Netflix: The Toddler King
He will never be happier.
Aww I want a fetch box
Boxes were the shit for me as a kid when I could fit inside them. You want a house? Make one; you want a car, make one. Spent at least 2 years of my childhood playing with boxes
Now this is thinking outside the box.
Now that I'm 18, I can't picture ever being that happy. Life has bred me into a cynic.
That is ingenious !!! Well thought out🤣
I love this. Thank you for the smile.
r/mademesmile
I stuck my kid in a box (kid in a boooox)
My heart is full 😍😍😍
Lol I love how the toddler keeps falling down
That's freaking genius!
I miss the times where it was this easy to have the time of your life.
That box looks amazing and fun. Well done, parent.
doggo!
This made my day😍
Keep them all entertained and putting out energy!

This reminds me of when I used to play fetch with my dog near the top of a tall hill. He would drop the ball, not realizing it rolls. EVERY TIME. After I watched it roll to the bottom of the hill, I would point at it and he would look where he dropped it. "It's not there!" he would say, so I point again. "OH!" He runs down and grabs it. And I could just stand there.
This is too adorable
Great idea
Absolutely genius!! Contained and entertained!!
he looks like Young Joji
This is pure joy. Thank you 😻
Awww that's so cute
Yuki!
That might be the most asian thing I've ever seen.
Oh my God!  I just totally *melted*!!!
0:16 dog gets massively pranked
My heart just grew two sizes watching this

&#x200B;

knock that shit off
Just at the veeerry end you can see him realize that he's just in a box.
So cute!
You win at life!
This is adorable!
This is so ADORABLE 🥺💜
Oh, now that's just impossibly cute. Impossibly cute!
So cute
Kids fucking LOVE boxes. 

Source: my 3 kids
Genius
Pure genius
So cute!
That's actually brilliant
“Never ever ever spend money on an expensive gift for your kids until they can understand the value of a dollar. I spend 200 dollars on a play set and all they do is play with the box” 

My cousin talking about his 3 kids at the time. They never bought anything crazy for their 7 kids ever again until I think their oldest hit like 12. But to this day all I can ever think of is him spending 5 hrs setting this plastic kitchen house and kitchen and all this stuff, and it ended up in the basement while the box got used for a few years in the play area haha
u/VredditDownloader
What about the fence keeping the dogs in?! Wouldn't that keep the kid in?
I would've loved a giant cardboard box like that when i was a kid
You clever s.o.b. I would never think of that.
I sorta feel like this is a contraption for advanced 
r/outside players to play with a little techrity
That is adorable and ingenious!
Doesn't have the makings of a varsity athlete.
You are crushing parenting
Whatever works! I have spent , like most parents, so much money on toys which is an important way children learn. But I found our kids playing with a Tupperware  bowl and a wooden spoon. I believe both forms of creative learning are an important resourceful way to learn!
The idea is brilliant. Simple and easy to do. The outcome is freaking adorable
Someone here's left-handed.
"I'm the man in the box"
Ow, I think I just sprained my "adorable receptor".

Toddlers + Corgis: instant smile, guaranteed.
IMAGINATION
*So* cute
Please do more videos. Please
You know, you could live stream this and  it would serve the greater good during this quarantine. So cute.
Yes, beautiful
Kids & Pets are playing in box. Really both are enjoying very much.
Does the black dog actually come to the window and drop the ball also?! Why the fuck are you messing with me when I'm under quarantine!
This is perfect! There's only 2 things in the world that can play the same game for hours and hours without getting tired: toddlers and dogs.
Is there a subreddit for dogs and babies? This kinda shit is so cute
Everyone is having the best time!!
r/ChildrenFallingOver
u/vredditdownload
Amazing
If I had a video like this from my childhood, I would have watched it every time I am depressed!
That is ingenious!
Serious parenting skills.
u/Vredditdownloader
This is so sweet. What a beautiful, happy child.
It’s perfect
Amazing
These parents are from the future.
What dog breed is that
So much cuteness!!!!!
Oh damn! I was almost excited. Guess I am the only one who plays fetch with my kid. (Don't judge, she started it and loves it!)
I'm not even mad
This is far too ADORABLE
/u/vredditshare
/u/vredditdownloader
This is super cute!!
This is so damn cute though!
This is brilliant.
Kids so drunk he can’t stand up.
Awww so cute
Awww
Are corgis vicious? I've seen a few times that they are quite aggressive but I'm not really sure.
Regretting buying 
a pack n play.
That’s one chill ass kid. My kid would just bowl that box right over and go runnin with the pups.
Genius!
This is the cutest!!!!
Damn this sent tears and shivers up my spine, this is how good I feel watching this.
What I need now is a dog and big container.
This makes my heart warm and happy. God bless them. 🥰
this is like baby basketball meets play fetch meets peekaboo, it’s great
awesome
What’s in the box!?!?!
Man I wiah I had half the joy in life than this guy does .
Can’t those dogs see the kid is trying to keep that ball out of his cardboard box?  They’re not helping at all.
Love how the lil guy wipes out after ever throw
Genius
u/vredditshare
u/vredditdownloader
This is amazing!
npc with a renewing fetch quest
Now that is adorable
This is just too adorable!!
Is that a huge box or a really tiny kid
Looks like you might have a lefty on your hands.
The low tech version of that automatic fetch machine
it's a winwin situation
u/vredditdownloader
"All my possessions for a day as that kid."
dog window!!
I put the kid in the box, he can’t leave the box
Awww a little lefty!
/u/vredditshare
Omg brilliant and adorable 😙
LMAO this little dude is gonna be bald by the age of 8
He thinks it’s the funniest shit he ever saw (the kiddo that is.  Well the dog too)
Minus containment from fun
Please please photo shop him in here[Take out](https://i.imgur.com/xerkWn6.png)
now thats thinking outside the box....cute child
This looks fun
That laugh!
PARENTING OLYMPICS GOLD MEDALIST, right here!!
I love how patient they are with him
That's adorable
So great for his motor skills
/u/vredditshare
u/amysnice
Contained And entertained!
This is such a genius move on sooo many levels, I am in awe..
Wholesome. :)
Looks like he’s getting a lot of balance practice in too!  Cute kid, and cute dogs.
You can order anything from Amazon these days.
I think I'm seeing how easy a neurotypical kid is to contain.  At two my kid was climbing up on top of the fridge to get to the sugary breakfast cereal. By three he had defeated two safety chains and a deadbolt to go to the park down the road.  We switched the deadbolt out for a deadbolt that required a key on both sides.  He just sneaked in to my room and stole the keys.   It was a hellish time until he was around seven.
I haven't felt that giddy and giggly and excited in a long long time. What the fuck happened to my life. 
 
Lemme wipe and reload
r/contagiouslaughter
Okay! This is LEGIT a life-hack and people need to acknowledge..
This is actually so cute I cannot deal with it
don't want to be a party pooper, but cut cardboard can be really sharp and give a nasty cut to the kid if it happens to fall on the cut out window


i work with cardboard alot at work and my hands and arms always have cuts from it (some wounds being more serious then you would expect from cardboard)
Oh my glob!
This is so cute
r/wholesome
Kids got an arm
The SCP has been contained
Little monkey
get a patent asap.  you could make a fortune.
I'm stealing this idea to use on my grandkids!!!
High level parenting
Cutest thing I’ve ever seen!
His hair tho
Go drunk home, you’re kid
This is how i was raised minus the dogs and tennis ball and add sad music and memes.
hes having fun in quarantine prison
Oh god this is so cute...
Well that was the cutest thing I'm going to see all day. I have to go hug my corgi now.
Well that just sounds like a crib with *extra steps*
This makes me happy.
This the cutest shit I've seen yet.
Looks like the ice age baby
...Providing *minutes* of enjoyment!
I never saw this version of oldboy.



Youngboy.
R those the same corgies that were in a heated argument?
Aww see how the table have turned.
Genius parenting.
Corgis are so great with kids
Step 1 :  buy a truck on amazon.
Step 2 : use the box the truck comes in to build toddler house.
This is sooo fucking cute
I wish it was longer.
That is a nice big box! Those babies are a team.
Ha I made one of these for my cat
Oh my goodness!
His sticky-up hair is the cutest darn thing!
Everyone is having a great time
Jack. in the box.
Good times were had by all 😊
Dang where did you get that massive box
Aww that’s adorable! kids and corgis are😍😍😍
Southpaw!
c o n t a i n  t h e  c h i l d
Creativity.......that is what this world needs at the moment.
u/vredditdownloader
Love this! Made me smile and giggle. Thank you for sharing.
AWESOME!
"Service please, tiny human."
Now that is adorable
Genius ❤️
that’s a big box
Aww ! Hahaha!
I miss making my little brother laugh like that. Counting the days till I can meet him after this quarantine.
Maybe my dog ​​is stupid 🤣🤣🤣
Happiness is in the little things!
I've always wanted ... a corgi
That is one contagious laugh!
Brilliant!
God I kinda miss the big diaper butt days
Fucking brilliant
this is too cute!!
This is so adorable.
Patent this!
this. is. ADORABLE.
Perfect way to keep all the kiddos (furry and not) occupied
That laugh made my day :)
Absolute genius. You deserve the patent.
It's enough to make a grown man cry, and that's ok
Free him.
You know a dad came up with this...
20 years later this kid will be in a cell gaurded by dogs
So that's what they put inside those ball thrower machines...
That may be just about the cutest video I have ever seen. Those squeals of delight!
Omg, my ovaries...I just felt them quiver
When the ball doesn’t appear, the dog checks on the babe. That’s SO sweet.
So cute when the kid gets scared the second time the dog brings the ball. Edit(scared/excited real quick)
Genius...
Giant boxes for the win!!
Way too cute
Cheddar?
I love that dog
Man parenthood is easy, I just keep my kid in a box
The dogs are playing throw with the hooman
Pains me too see this, because this is the way kids should be. Happy, carefree, laughing.

But in Syria kids have to worry about if the skies have a drone in them, so they probably shouldn't go outside. Worrying if their brother or sister has enough food, since they were orphaned etc. Really traumatic stuff.
Does the virus spread from touching the grass? I thought we were just avoiding contact with other humans. This seems pointless lol
Kids I know would crawl thru the hole and the same with dogs.
My guy has male pattern baldness and he isn't even 2 yet.
Kid can't balance for shit
My one year old would crawl out the home in 2.5 seconds
They really should stop giving that child alcohol.
This is sweet, I can’t help but think I used to move and flail around like this toddler every Friday and Saturday night.
Not quite ready for live grenades.
That hole looks more than big enough for the kid to climb out...
Is the kid crying or laughing?
He looks like my cousin so much it’s scary
You’re telling me he can’t crawl through that hole?
Chedar
u/DisjointedRig
My toddler would by that tree trying to climb it in the background in about 30 seconds.
Except that kid can obviously fit through that hole.
My toddler would destroy that box and take the dogs ball for her own. I'm pretty sure she's going to end up sacrificing Barbie dolls to the Doom guy at some point.
/u/vredditshare
Lefty
I see the roles have reversed
IDK I'd want to make extra sure that box was weighted down pretty firmly
you know, dogs don’t get the virus..
I wonder if they show this to Aliens on their version of Planet Earth?
BoxTot?
Psh kid cant even throw
Hmmph, you call this kid a Shenobi?

I could determine that his attacks are right hand predominant without even using my Sharingan.
Cute. Except Arlo would try to get out of the hole and Patton would probably jump in
Nobody:

Philosophers: It's clearly the Chinese room
You’re cage doesn’t have a top on it?????Kids are so spoiled these days.
He could easily just have crawled out of the box.
You mean QUARANTINED?
That kid can definitely fit through that hole.
Can I get this on a live feed.
That hole is too big.  It needs to be at least 3 times smaller than that.
Pretty sure they got this down at the border
Pretty sure the kid could escape outtakes that big square hole
It's like a Mr.Bucket but sentient! So... Like a Mr.Bucket
Kid could crawl out that hole...good thing he's being watched😃
That's called prison
u/vredditdownloader
Too bad the toddler is too big to crawl right through that opening. :-D
Genuinely curious. Does that actually do anything to prevent the spread of the virus? The hole and points of contact seem large enough for everything to pass through, let alone the fact that the dog bites the balls every time...
For the last fucking time. We do not litter. Jesus Christ , remind to not get kids.
Quarantined*
Sadly I can't have dogs ...😢
That’s a baby not a toddler. My 18 month toddler could destroy that box in 2 minutes.
Maybe my dog ​​is stupid hahaha
Brilliant!
u/vredditdownloader
What the hell came in that box?
Great idea and everyone is happy!! 😁❤️
Do you think dogs realize kids are stupid?
I’ve never seen someone with so much karma
He could easily crawl through that hole.
Can’t he just squeeze out the opening?
It’s an environmental friendly playpen
Imagination 🌈😁
That's the second drunkest Chinese toddler I have EVER seen
This looks like an expensive set up
I see your toddler is a Bernie bro with that hair
Is he the ice age baby?
If your backyard is fenced off then you don’t need to keep the toddler in a box
Yeah till the dog eats the damn kid
Ya just let your toddler play in the grass... do people without kids on here actually think this is good lol?
***Asians***
[deleted]
That is not a cute kid
Honestly I understand that this stuff is crazy but come on it's your backyard and the kids already "contained" with the walls of his backyard he's not gonna get anything from staying in his backyard this is just to much
[removed]
Little guy has to keep his next meal fit.
Train Your Mind To see God In Every Situation.Please.
Shouldn't the kid be keeping the ball in the box to try and lure the dog in so he can ambush it for dinner?
[removed]
Wow.  CoViD fetch!

1. open door of your apartment // Please wear a mask.
2. let your dog out
3. throw a ball from your balcony. // while others watch from their balconies.
4. see your dog chase the ball a mile way.
5. wait for your dog to come back panting to front door with the ball
6. sanitize ball.
7. repeat.
If those dogs interact with other human beings they could definitely pass on the virus dawg.
