[deleted]
"this is the game I play before I get free food from that person." said the cat, probably.
Is your cat secretly a weeping angel from doctor who?
Is that a carpeted stairwell with no door which just exits to the outside?

Maybe its almost 40 years of life in canada, but thats outrageous to me. Im not sure where youre living but it must be somewhere pretty temperate.

In canada the elements, the wildlife, and (where I live) the homeless prevent stuff like that. I'd wake up to a snow-covered bear asking for spare change.
This ‘game’ always confused me. They sneak up like they’re about to assassinate you and then immediately become mild-mannered, polite kittens.
The way she tilts her head is so  cute
I personally prefer the nightly game my elderly dog and i play at 2 in the morning when he has to go to the bathroom and I’m whisper screaming at him to get back inside while standing in the doorway in my boxers.

Edit: I should add he’s deaf so I’m also whisper screaming to myself, but it makes me feel like I’m doing something.
Don’t blink
Don’t blink! Blink and you’re dead. 
They are fast, faster than you can believe. 
Don’t turn your back. 
Don’t look away and don’t blink. 
Good luck.
The head tilt is so cute. Omg my heart. I wanna pet your cat so damn bad.
"you know the drill human" cat (every night)
Have you tried pspspspspsps
*SCP-173 HAS BREACHED CONTAINMENT*
Holy shit I’ve never seen so many anti outside cat people gather so quickly.
Red light! Green light!
[deleted]
Is it weird that I get anxious and a little scared every time he peeks at the cat and it just gets closer and closer?
I love the sideways look
What's with all the hate for letting cats outside? I live in the UK and it's pretty normal to let cats out
The head tilt at the end got me
From what OP has said, it seems more like this cat was a stray, OP microchipped him, & OP just entices him to come in for the night. Doesn’t seem like this was an indoors cat that was allowed outside, js. Seems more like the stray cat adopted Op.
Five night's at floofy's
No one mentioning that this nightly game is happening in daylight
My cat does that too. Yet instead of that in the end he jumps out and bites me and paws me (doesn’t bite hard and doesn’t use claws)
I wish reddit would shut up about outside cats. Nobody is going to suddenly keep their cat inside because a stranger on the internet told them to.
https://youtu.be/NbwpgyRUv5g
Woah, updloaded 11+ years ago, I didn't think this video was THAT old. 😄
All these people telling you to keep your cat inside. This really depends on where you live. I've always let my cat outside and he's 12 years now. Most people in Norway lets their cat outside unless it's an expensive breed.

Note: I do however, live in a smaller area with less traffic, so there's that.
Can't wait to watch reddit lose its shit over an outdoor cat.
Purring Angel.
How did you train her?
It's cute, until the head tilt. Then I'm realizing that if I look away or blink that monster is going to eliminate me from existence
*It's a simple spell but quite unbreakable* 

A cheeky, cute companion you've got there.
This is some horror movie level shit lol
The indoor cat patrol have really congregated in this post. Please stop virtue-signalling and move on with your lives.
Your cat is a Weeping Angel. Dont Blink
OMG...so freaking adorable with those head tilts.  I love him!
Thank you for letting him outside.
Don't blink!
Don't let your cat out on the streets. It kills all kinds of small mammals and birds. Often it gets attacked by dogs, ran over by cars, or kicked so hard by a pissed off human it dies from an internal injury slowly.
[Here’s the whole video with sound.](https://youtu.be/lbKED8XTI84) Sorry that I filmed it longways, I was making it for my mom to see on her phone 😂
SCP-173 has breached containment!
It's like a weeping angel
To be honest that's a pretty cool game to have to play... My parents would ring a bell and two of the three cats would always come running because they knew it translated to wet food dinner. The third would either come or not. Next morning either there or not. Day after that, there or not. Just an independent fellow through and through.
That had better build up than most horror movies today
Who else was craning their neck to see around the corner as you were watching this?!
This is kitty version of Red Light - Green Light
That tail tho!
Upvote for Oregon.
😻!
That isn’t creepy at all
But it’s day
[removed]
Random question, do you live near Beaverton?
this is adorable! clever little guy.
How do you know who wins?
i wish it was that easy to bring my cat back in, I have to go around clanging his can of food around until he shows himself and drag him back inside everytime.
I love him
Hide and seek is my cats favorite game.
I’m exhausted and I’ve been terribly anxious due to the pandemic and having several family members in healthcare. That video just made me laugh harder than I have in weeks.
Look at those fancy pants.
Excellent.
BEAUTIFULLEST
Is it just me or does this remind anyone of Five Nights at Freddy’s?
Our cat does it to - we call it red light, green light.
I want to see someone place a camera in the hallway and then play this gane. How quickly does it move, when dies it stop...
Oh lawd he comin’
I do this, but the other way around.
OP, please keep your cat inside:

“Cats have contributed to the extinction of 63 species of birds, mammals, and reptiles in the wild and continue to adversely impact a wide variety of other species, including those at risk of extinction...”

https://abcbirds.org/program/cats-indoors/cats-and-birds/
As cute as this is, people need to stop letting their cats outside. They hurt the environment, and the environment can hurt them. House cats are no better than feral cats when they're allowed to wander. They're still a harmful, invasive species even if they have a collar.
Great end to a bad day. Thank you
I can't stop laughing
Don't blink!
Don't blink!
My trick is just suddenly running as fast as I can, every time he follows to see what’s up.
It looks like she's thinking "this fool made me walk up the stairs to get back inside. AGAIN!! How does he do that!?"
I need you to know that I, without hesitation, would absolutely die for your cat
5 nights at Freddy's vibes
Oh man I got serious Weeping Angel vibes from Dr. Who.

Your cat is adorable tho!
Why do people allow their cats to get hit by cars? Keep your damn cat inside where it's supposed to be.
Orange ones are the best!
Pspspspspspspspspsps
♥️♥️♥️♥️
I would scoop him up and give him pets and kisses!
Classic get the cat game
Aww what a cute kitty. I wouldn’t let him outside like that though
Omg!! The funniest thing I have seen today!
This is some five nights at freddy's shit
What a cutie
Let your cat out. Do what you want. Also do what kitty wants 😼
Keep your damn cat inside
Wow, finally found our girls twin brother! 

Even same tail!
Cutest horror movie I’ve ever seen
reminds me of fnaf
I love that you walked behind your cat to escort them inside. I have to do the same with all of mine. They'll come right up the doorway and then just stand there and wait for me. I have to walk out and back in all the time to usher them in.
Idk chief, I'm kinda really freaked out
That head tilt is everything
I love doing this with my cat but I never thought of doing it like that
Thank you for posting this.  You have no idea how much I needed this happiness right now. :)
Ok
DON'T

BLINK
I would die for your cat
Cute cat, but having an outside cat is bad.

Cool everyone hates this post. I must be right.
Lol omg, I have to do the exact same dance with my boy to get him inside! Glad I'm not alone.
Go Beavs!!!
I have to try this game with my cat
Is this his version of Schroedinger's Cat?

And I loved how he would stop where ever he was at when you looked around the corner, like, "What?"
Keep your cat indoor plz.
Don't let your cats roam outside
[deleted]
I do this with my cat too, he'll sit at the bottom of my steps looking at me so we play peek a boo till he comes running up
Your cat is hilarious.  That had a serous horror movie vibe
My cats just galumph around as soon as they feel someone might pay attention to them. I can’t imagine being able to do one of these adorable “ninja cat” videos!!!
They have their own room with working toilet.
I think your cat is my cat...

https://i.imgur.com/DR22EIy.jpg

Except my girl is Gizmo, 11 years old, but also wears a bell.
This is adorable. I love your cat and the fun game you play. Thanks for the laugh. ❤
Yeah I don’t have the patience for that
NINJA CAT!! We play that too!
That’s the same thing I do with my cat
Ninja cat, stalking her prey with big ol' 'mirin' eyes. Looks like such a sweetheart.
What happens if you just stop peeking when he's halfway up the stairs?
Sometimes I have to do the same thing with my dog. He's a husky and can get very stubborn if hes outside, especially when it gets late at night and he NEEDS  to be inside to avoid waking up neighbors with his husky howl
I would pick him up and give him so many cuddles.
That would be so annoying sometimes! But also a fantastic quirk that you can’t help but smile at.
Good Kitty! I'm not that patient with my cat tho. I open the window and he's got 2 seconds and he knows it.
Not gonna lie that's kind of unnerving...
Too cute
Red light, green light, one two three
I love him :,)
He is sooo cute
That’s the cutest thing I’ve ever seen!
That's one beautifully creepy loco cat
Don't blink!!
I discovered yesterday that my 15 week old kitten is doing this aswell. I hope he'll keep doing it because it's adorable.
My dog likes peek a boo too
Thanks. my head followed this pov
FNaF 2020 gameplay footage leaked
I have to do this with my toddler to get her into her bedroom to go to bed.
My cat kinda does this. Except she doesn't move. She just chirps every time I stick my head out like it annoys her or something lol. 

It's pretty hilarious to hear.
r/maybemaybemaybe
How cute
Literally the next reddit post that i opened. I freaked out for a second
https://v.redd.it/69i1mpkz2hq41
Funny
That was rich
This is probably the best thing cats do in my opinion. So darn cute.
after you watch doctor who this becomes kind of terrifying. weeping angels.
The game
This is one of my favorite games to play with my cat. Always makes her go crazy and start running around karate chopping ankles.
He's such a little deep, I love it
I almost thought she'd suddenly be behind you at the end
Reminds of fnaf 4 with the plushtrap.
Id be creeped out
Was waiting for the deadly pounce..... Was disappointed
This makes me very happy. Good job you.
Cute, but I do not have the patience.
https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/138/089/1308693297001.jpg
Awww this reminds me of my family cat! My mom would always whistle and shake his temptations before he comes running back
Needs some horror music added, and the lighting changed to be more atmospheric.
Yet somehow they are still worth it. I guess.
Is this Modern Warfare camper training?
ngl every time the camera panned back to the staircase and the cat was closer, my heart jumped a bit. I knew it was coming and this isn't scary at all but.. I still jumped each time LOL
Stealth cat be stealthy
Don’t blink!
HOLY FUCK THATS SCARY... and cute
I was playing along too!
new jersey?
I do this with my cat, we call it the stalking game. I guess I just call it that, but he plays!
This is it. Congratulations. You won the internet. This is the best video I've ever seen
What cat?
Netgear
Hello fellow Oregonian!
Aww he came
the head tilt!!
What’s the time, Mr Wolf?
This is precious
This is reason #433 why cats are so f#ckin' awesome!!!!
That is so smart
sir you have a weeping angel for a cat
I do this with my cat sometimes
Made my day
Ah, red light green light. Yes I do the same with my cats to get them to come up the stairs. Stepping out at the end was also a veteran move to be sure the cat came in instead of running back.
This is just like a fnaf game
Alright who started doing this first?
I wish it was that easy to get my cat inside 😸
Aren’t pets fun?!
Kinda like scp 173 lol
My two cats do this too :) love it
That is the most adorable "What the fuck are you doing?" face I've ever seen.
She really wishes you'd re-orient your phone.
The head tilt is so cute
WHY DO THESE ALWAYS SCARE THE CRAP OUT OF ME
Scp 173 looking cuter than usual
What a sweetheart
I love that cute little crooked head lol.
Nightly?
Ok. This Is adorable.
Netrunner, nice
haha that head tilt
Cool
Be careful. One day slender man will be right outside after a peek-a-boo and then boom, it’s all over for you...
this put such a big smile on my face!! thanks for this!
Why does the cat all of a sudden change once it reached the door? Like no more excitement or curiosity.
When I  was a kid the way we got our cat to come inside was by the sound of cranking the old hand crank can opener mounted on the side of the kitchen cabinet, a sound obviously associated with the opening of a can of cat food. Worked every time.
"Nightly" 🌞
He is so cute! I imagine him saying "y u look me!! I try get by!! food!!" bc everyone knows all pets speak baby talk.
Sneak 100
When are people gonna start recording what the cats doing as the other camera looks away? I'd live to see the owner hide then see the cat slowly creep up the stairs
This kind of freaked me out lol
SCP 173 has breached containment, all personnel must go to the evacuation shelter.
Scary af.
This cats creepy head tilts going to be in my nightmares
This is something I can see getting old after like the 3rd night
Is there a reason cats do this?  I’ve seen so many videos of this and it’s just creepy as fuck
Your cat is sooo funny.
That looks like b the entrance to the apartment I lived in back in college. Granada Pueblo if I remember correctly lol
"Don't Blink. Blink and you're dead. Don't turn your back. Don't look away. And don't Blink.
What a weeping angel.
Oh my goodness, that cute face!
Cute... but scary.... but cute... ....but scary.....
One wrong move and it starts all over
Not gonna lie this was scary. I played a video game based on the same concept.
This clip reminds me of the mountain biker being stalked by this mountain lion.

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=d4FbHzeCJjM
 That tail is so majestic!
LOL, all she has to do is open a can and that cat will come a running.
SCP-173 ha  turned into a cat
Vish kk
Topiary garden cat from the Shining
Isn’t this the same game they play in that horror movie?
Nightly game when it's light outside?
This is low key kinda creepy😂
Creepy
I have a similar thing I have to do with my dog...

If I call her to come in she will ignore, I have to hide and close the door loudly. At that point she sprints back in... 

Every single time
The Site is experiencing multiple keter and euclid level containment breachs! Full site lockdown initiated!
Five Nights at Cat's
Those big “Puss in Boots” eyes!
DONT BLINK
I do the same with mine haha
I didn't know we got a new horror game
Do you live in the house from office space?
Hahahaha!

I started talking to your cat through the video, lol.

"What are you doing, dude!!!"
I've seen these "cat stalking" sequences 100 times, but I never tire of them. Thank you!
Is anyone else terrified of this cat? I'm getting creepy Japanese horror film vibes for sure
(:
So, you're a really big mouse?
Am I the only one who thinks of the USPS creepy clown with all these stalking cats?
u/vredditdownloader
SCP-173
SCP 173 has entered the chat
Had me leaning over to sneak a peak
His eyes 😂😂
If I ever make a FNaF fan game, I’ll probably use this as one of the mini games
This could be a horror movie trailer with the right lighting and music.
I don't wanna play slender man anymore, I wanna play this
Shhh! Be vewwy, vewwy quiet! I'ma doing a stalk
Ninja cat flashbacks
He’s adorable!!
He’s not a cat he’s a weeping angel
Ahawww what a handsome clever cat
u/vredditddownloader
*SCP-173 Successfully Contained*
SCP, I’d be afraid
My last cat was always trying to get me to go outside with him, to climb trees, catch squirrels or just to explore.
Wonderful!
He is super, super cute!
It’s the best way to get them to come 😄
That's both cute and funny.
Fun with cat-trap
Love it, my cat does this!
Dr. Who anybody?
r/mademesmile !!!
Aha gotcha!
Is what goes through both of your minds
This made my day.
Darn weeping angels
The head tilt at the end is warming my heart!!
Awwwwww
Jsut realized I was tilting my head too watching the cat
This is really cute in a creepy way lol
One of my cats loves to play peekaboo also. He creeps up on me just like that and the last step is he boops me on the face like “tag, you’re it!”
This gives me fnaf 4 vibes for some reason
This is a reboot of “Ninja Cat” viral video from 15-ish years ago.
I do the same but with ghosts.
This made my day.
Funtastic thx 4 sharing
This is like those horror movies where every time the light flickers the demon moves closer
Your cat is beautiful af
The head tilt at the end. I love it!
It's damn bright for "nightly"
r/catpranks !
ahhh, this is the cutest! <3
I read this as car and I was hella confused because your car wasn’t moving
Oregon?
Dr Who's Weeping Angel Game. DON'T BLINK!
u/vredditdownloader
So cute. Thanks for the laugh :)
That head tilt 😍
nice
Get yourself a laser pointer, it's the only thing I can guarantee my cat can't ignore.
Pretend your hand is a mouse, works too
[deleted]
You should not let your cat outside.
On a serious note: You should keep your cat indoors. Its irresponsible to let it out like that. You're just asking for it to get into a fight with another animal and potentially injured or hit by a car. Be a responsible owner. (EDIT) And for the people downvoting: Don't get mad that someone is calling out you crappy animals owners. Downvoting isn't going to magically turn you into a responsible owner.
Man i love this but also hate it . Had an outaide cat blue russian. 2 years all the sudden he didnt show up for dinner.
Your cat is killing small animals needlessly
I've been thinking of adopting a cat and I would think that once you let your cat out, they wouldn't behave in this manner nor would they even return. Am I mistaken, or is this post of this cutie a common occurrence?
Can you people keep your cats in the house please? I’m tired of them walking on my car and scratching it.
His wee face though 💜
This is some five nights at freddy’s shit
Oh my gosh his name is Chonk!
AWWWWW
This some five nights at Freddie’s shit
Everything about this is wonderful
Back from murdering I see
Personality plus!
The floof is truly majestic
I love doing this with cats! My cat Woody was the master at this game. Always managed to surprise me how quickly he could approach when I wasn't looking.
Okay, that cat is heckin’ cute.
How’s he at Netgear ;). Sorry they stopped supporting it :(
Stealth -100
I thought the cat will jumpscared me xD
That’s crazy demonic side look lol.
Gotta love ninja kitties!
I've seen this before child, you'd best call a priest
The suspension of did he come in the house was killing me
Well but it aint night.
The head tilt 😍
I do the same thing with my cat
When you don't program your video game npc that follows the player with a walking animation or pathfinding.
Now that is the funniest and cutest thing I've seen in awhile!  Thank you for sharing it.  So adorable...
He's a cutie,  can of tuna is faster.
Dooodboye!!!
That tail tho!
This game is fun but terrifying with my cat because she always pounces at me when she gets close 😂
Not to be creepy, but if you live in Albany, I used to live in those apartments a few years ago. On Geary. Looks exactly like them!
HE COMING FOR YA
What a goof!! I love it when cats demand rituals or routines.
What doctor who shit is this
That some FNAF shit
That username tho
This is too cute!
Fnaf
Weeping Felines
Not gonna lie, this reminds me of a slasher film. Soooo ahhhh nighty night pretty kitty......
AND WELL HE’S FREAKING CUTE

HELP ME
I dont like cats but holy shit that was adorable.
[stalking](https://youtu.be/fzzjgBAaWZw)
this reminds me alot of five nights at freddies 4, though with all the scary shit turned to cuteness
I play this with my cat. My wife and I call it sneak-a-boo, but I have to act like he scared me when he comes around the corner.
Go Beavs!
That head tilt with that little smile! I bet she tells all her kitty friends she just has to play that game with you every night to make you happy.
Basically, your cat is an ass-hole, ADORABLE, but,an ass-hole;-)
I hope you don't mind me asking, but personally I've never seen an apartment with an exit that close to the rooms.
What a cheeky rascal.
My cat loves this. Get real low to the ground one time you poke out and they come BOOKIN IT
Anyone else get weeping angel flashbacks?
That’s soo cute
We just use treats. Much quicker.
I’ve watched this so many times now. So damn cute.
he looks like if a corgi turned into a cat!
This made me laugh out loud.  Priceless!
I’ve never had a cat so this is creepy! It’s like she’s stalking you, lol
So cute. Never change.
But it’s daytime
r/ntbdbiwdfta
Blessed head tilt!
Wait do those stairs have carpet on them and lead outside?? idk why but I find that so odd.
That's not night time fyi
A weeping angel irl
Scp-173 spotted.
"If I play this game with hooman then he will give me food," said the cat as he slides into yo DM's

I love animals, but this cat made my day. Love your cat!
Wish my cats could be as awesome as yours but it's fine, they're all amazing in their own way
He just standing there MENACINGLY
the new fnaf game has really good graphics huh
Awwww that head tilt is adorable
My heart. . .i can't. This is too cute
This is why I dont like cats. You play me like that after I give you food and love? Just get the fuck in the house yo, it's cold out.
[deleted]
Red Light
That's terrifying. You could make a creepypasta by editing it so the head keeps rotating further and further
Nightly? It's daylight out.
I know where you live, like I have been in these apartments. It made this video so surreal and extra adorable.
Honestly still kinda creepy but still cute
Was anyone hoping the slow look at the end would have the cat back at the bottom?
Weeping kitty. Don't blink!
Weeping Angels! lol
Cats are creepy, and I know for a fact that they would hunt us if they were five times their size.
**Don't... Blink**
This video just singe-handedly convinced me to get a cat. 

What type is this? So beautiful. 

I’m leaning right now towards a ragdoll.
Cutest weeping angel ever
[deleted]
Sucks to do that if it's cold outside
Wow, can’t believe the mass of comments saying you shouldn’t let your cat outside! I’ve never heard anything like it. Where are you all from?!  Of course cats should go outside, they’re not far off being wild animals. I wouldn’t go as far as to say it’s cruel to keep them inside, but it’s not very nice for them. 

Yes they’ll eat other animals when they go out, they’re predators and that’s the natural way of things. 

Yes they’re at risk of getting hit by cars unfortunately but the benefit to the cat of being out, outweighs the risks. And personally that’s why I wouldn’t live near a busy road. You make the situation as safe as you can for them.
How about you keep your fucking cat indoors like a responsible adult.
Cats are fucking awful for native fauna, and cause a lot of damage. 

TLDR; keep your cats indoors
Keep your cats inside please.
Cats are fucking assholes

Edit: Relax people. I still love on them when they are around. But that doesn't change their general assholery.
Do you ever worry the cat won’t come back? It would be an everyday fear of mine that for one reason or another I’d never see my cat again.
I would be afraid to let that precious baby outside. Someone might steal him or worse things could happen.


My vet convinced me that my cat (male - he was huge and loved his territory) would live longer if he was an indoor cat.


So that is what he became. 


You are blessed to have such a beautiful fur baby! 


Note:  Someone did steal out precious cat. He was all black. Not a spot of another color on him. He was precious to us. We put up signs all over the neighborhood and eventually, after a couple of weeks, he showed up. Someone obviously had been taking care of him because he was clean, his belly was full, and he had no scars or bites or sores on him. Even though he was chipped, the other person I guess wanted to keep him and somehow let him go back to us. I called his name all the time at the top of my lungs. So he came back to us. It was an enclosed complex of around 20 houses. So we know someone was keeping him from us. We are very blessed that he was returned to us. Rest in peace you precious baby. I think about you every single day.🐈🙏
This falls under the category of creepy and cute but not ever just creepy!
THIS BRINGS BACK THE OLD FNAF 4 DAYS WHEN EVERYBODY WAS INTO IT
u/Vredditdownloader
piss on ALL OF IT
u/vredditshare
Are you broken hooman?
dats a good mew mew :)
hee sppookee
My cat doesn't play this game, if he knows you're behind a corner and he's 10 ft away, he won't stop once u peek out again lol.
Lul
o.O well ok
What a fucking diva
That is a VERY good baroo! Head tilt at the end!
Where the fuck is my Xanax
Please, don't let him go outside.
Cats die easily outside.
Thank you u/_Gin_And_Jews_
Have you ever thought of not being that person that lets their cat wonder around outside unleashed?
Yall gotta stop letting your cats outside where they can get run the fuck over.
One evening  he just won’t be there anymore. Such is the life of the urban kitty :(
NOOOO I JUST LOST THE GAME :(
its looking into my soul. BURN IT BEFORE ITS INSATIABLE LUST FOR LASAGNE GROWS AND IT BECOMES A GLORIOUS ELDRICH GOD AND RIPS US FROM OUR MORTAL FOIL AND ASCENDS TO A HIGHER PLANE OF EXISTENCE!
I saw this video a year ago. Thank you for posting it again.
Your cat shouldnt be outside in the first place
I see everyone's cats out almost ran over 15 of them holding a summit in the middle of the street, i still have to work, but aren't they going to pick up and the virus on their coats being out running through everything or you touching them and them rubbing up on other cats at somebody else's has touched!?
“Nightly” *is clearly day time outside* :(
wow just wow
Good god cat’s are useless
Letting cats outside is not aww material
I delivered to your place, stop tipping in pennies.
Stop overfeeding your cat he's already super fluffy
I cut it short with my dog by saying “come”.
[deleted]
Your cat is fucking possessed and it would creep me the fuck out.
Let's see, the average house cat kills on average 218 birds per year. Let me guess, not much singing outside of your place. Come to Arizona where the average coyote eats 37 house cats/year.
Stop vertical video syndrome
Just Get a dog..!!🤷🏻‍♂️
