I love the aggressive meowing once she succeeds in bringing the slipper
I wake up to a bed full of cat toys every morning. 

Not as useful as one slipper.
"Madame, I have brought you your slippers, as so you can make haste to my empty food vessel, lest I too soon become an empty vessel and wither away. Chop chop m'lady!"
Your mum won the cat lottery, they are not all like this.
We need more Lulu content please!
I love her meow while bringing it. She’s so cute!!
AWWW Lulu is such a good helper!  I particularly love the "Rawwwnomnomnom" gotta get a better grip sound.
Waiting for the second slipper
That is so cool. I wish my cat did that. The only thing holding it back, is that IT does not exist
I have never seen a cat do anything like this? Is it common?
This cat deserves half of the salami
"Here's your damn slipper.  Now go in there and get me some damn food."  My cats, if one of them had done this.
When my wife and I lived in an apartment we would occasionally sleep on mat on the floor just for a change. Well our cat came up in the middle of the night meowing, we were tired so we kind of shooed him off. He got quiet and about 10 min later meowed just once and repeated this most of the night.

We woke up to find he had been bringing me my socks from the open drawer in the bedroom, 20 pairs in total, apparently announcing the arrival of each pair.
what a good kitty
r/Catswithjobs
That waddle!
I'm old and feeble, with chronic pain.  When I'm having a really bad pain day my cat Frodo will bring me one of his toys, curl up beside me, and purr.  Other than that, he normally ignores me unless he wants something.
Cutest shit ever.
Ahhh this is adorable!!!
r/catswhoyell
What I want to know is why her slippers aren't next to her bed so she can put them on as soon as she wakes?
So cute!!
That cat totally thinks those slippers are dead things her lady master wears on feet every day like a boss bitch would.
That behavior tells me it once had kittens, which might have been taken away prematurely. My friend's cat did that for that exact reason :( And she regretted it when she realised.
Put these on and letme out
You could go to Antarctica in these "slippers"
Those are slippers?
thats one way of telling someone to get out of your house
That cat's a better dog than my dog.
Give that cat a raise
Wow not to be dramatic but I would die for your moms cat
Maine coon cats are dogs that meow
I’m sure it’s a dog in disguise
Lulu is perfect.
She needs them, poor human has no warm fluff like she does.
It tries to say "I have brought you your protection for your feet, now put them on and leave the house so I can lounge all day in piece like 4 weeks ago"
My cat brings the wet dishrag and dirty sponge to bed. I wish he brought slippers instead.
*Mom puts slippers on = I get food*
' put your shoes on, we gotta go buy me food '
dude she's bringing it to you because she thinks it's a dead animal. she's trying to feed you because you can't hunt yourself. gooooood kitty
Lou Lou knows slippers mean food food!
Cat is adorable!

Slippers also look nice af and I want em!
the cat walked in like :3
If this ain't the CUTEST THING EVER
Thinks it’s her babies
I *Love* this cat and I *Adore* your mom for adopting her!
I had a cat that would bring me dead things. I never got mad cause I know she was just doing her job... I miss my puddles 💔
My cat just puts little plastic bottle caps she plays with in my house shoes.
I think I’m bout to steal
Does She bring both slippers, or only one foot?
Lulu is awesome. The only thing I get from mine in the morning is a loud FEED ME  meow😺
My cat does this all the tome with my socks. She has a distressing meow while she is doing it too. One time, I looked over and she had my daughter’s tiny naked baby doll in her mouth, that was a site to see! Couldn’t get my phone going before she dropped it. She is the only one we’ve ever had with this behavior. Weird and cool.
He's bringing her the animal he killed
For all the Lulu updates follow her here 
https://www.reddit.com/r/Luluthecat/
Your mom adopted a dog. Don’t tell her.
main coons are part good boy
"Uh, there were two..."
The cat probably just wants her out of the house lol
Well this is a great way to start my morning.
Before anyone asks, that's either a Maine Coon or a Siberian forest cat.  Both tend to act dog-like when it comes to their people.
Looks like a cat, but I'm pretty sure that's a dog in a cat suit.
This is beyond precious!
My Mr. GolenEye would bring it to you, and stare at you while peeing on it to assert dominance.
Now that’s room service
So cute!!!
awww her little waddling what a cute lil fluffball😍
My cat does this with socks when she doesn't know where I am
For every gift a cat brings you, it killed two more.
"Be sure to tip your Slipper waiter"
Aww
Email.uz
Lulu! She’s bringing you gifts, so sweet! Cats are just the best
🌹🌹🌹🌹
Why are the slippers not where you sleep?
So helpful!
I just awwww'd audibly. This is so adorable, particularly since the slipper is almost as big as her. I would die of cuteness every morning if my cat did this.
Not only is she beautiful, she is amazingly clever😻😻😻❣❣
That’s sweet!
My cat does this!! It's cute until she doesn't bring them to me and its suddenly my wallet she's hidden
Pretty floof!
Your moms cat is a reincarnated golden retriever
Nice. I have 2 cats, but they never did anything like this. How come that some cats do show this kind of behaviour to their owners? Are some cats smarter than others?
Lol the cat hunts and kills the slippers every morning.
Somewhere there’s a dog that’s out of a job.

No but seriously I’m guessing she was raised with a retriever.
Wow. Iv never heard of that.
It looks like that cat from Pet Semetary
What an amazing and fluffy girl. I am so proud
We need more cats like this
Now that’s a good dog. 🐾
That’s one nice ****ing kitty right there
Meanwhile, my cat slaps me in my sleep if breakfast is a nanosecond late.
Watch out dogs, there’s a new cat in town!
That is adorable!
9 out of 10 women fantasize about marrying that cat.
Cat-Dog for sure!
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Maine Coons are basically dogs
this is cute, but the fact that your mom sent you this makes it 1000x times cuter :)
So is he going to finish the job and bring the other slipper or what?
I am screaming omg tell me more about this cat
"Here put these on and come feed me."
Oh my goodness gracious!! That is the cutest thing ever!
My cat does this same thing with stuffed animals and even does the same meow. But then he humps it and makes me watch.
My cat does the same thing, but instead of my slippers, she brings my *bath towel*. Which she pulls down off my towel rack and then drags through the hall where her cat box is, then meows incessantly at me.

I've taken to closing the bathroom door.
Your mum needs another cat to bring the other slipper..
Our cat Persephone looks the same as well as brings us random objects such as, scissors, toys, and most recently a sock
PUT THESE SLIPPERS ON TO FEED ME HUMAN
"I brought you 'dis."
r/catswithjobs
What's the version of r/rarepuppers but for cats
So fucking pure!!! The littlest helper ❤
I have a cat of the exact same breed and colour, Siberian forest cat?
This kitty has a job and is doing a damn fine job!
This should not imply that the cat was trained, too much pride. The miracles here are that 1)  the cat DECIDED it wanted to do this 2) it figured out how, and  3) actually motivated itself to get up from a sleeping position to do it
Cat  is probably trying to expedite her giving him food. Mine realized that the first thing I do when I get up in the morning is check my work phone. The second step is to feed him. So he start bring me my work phone.
OMG, and he/she is SO BEAUTIFUL! Good on her!
Wow. My cat’s only trick is shitting next to (not in) the litter box. Feeling really disappointed right now.  Clearly I’m missing out.
That cat is worth a golden slipper !!
Can anyone make that meowing on repeat for 8h?
Honestly, how can anyone hate cats?
"Here you go slave, now leave me be"
This only proves it brought one slipper, once!
The cat worked so hard on getting that slipper there. The cutest thing you can wake up to.
Ummm... That was just one slipper....
Lol ultimate cat move:  

She only brought 1 slipper 😂😂😂
My dog does this when she needs to pee, she's a runty dog so it's funny when she brings over my boyfriend's work boots which is bigger than her
Okay this is gold
i think they think it’s a squirrel lol
/u/stee4vendetta 💕
For some reason I pictured a cat wearing slippers before I saw the video. This makes much more sense and I’m dumb.
U helped me i help you
I thought my cat was the only one who did this. Every morning, both slippers are either on or next to my bed! And then during the day, they are brought back downstairs at some point while I am at work. 

I...no longer wear them because she likes to snuggle them and they are a little too loved now.
What a considerate cat. May it be given all the fish and belly rubs in the world
Maine Coons are smart as a whip.
That's definitely an "aww" kind of thing. Cats can be downright adorable. 😸
That is one thankful cat
So adorable!!!
My cat does this with stuffed animals whenever he misses a member of our family.  Whenever one of our kids would stay at a grandparents house, he would drag one of their stuffed animals downstairs.
"I have brought you the large mouse that you wear. Love me kitten that cannot feed itself"
I gotta assume your mom puts on slippers every morning and kitty cat is like "Don't forget your slippers!  It's part of your routine!"
u/Vredditdownloader
Maine Coons are the best
u/vredditdownloader
Ahhhh Oooooo SOOOO cute! I love the way kitty struggles a bit.
u/vredditdownloader
UWU  


Omg, my boy cat does this with my wife's socks, and no one believes us either until they see it lmao. Cats be wanting them feets warm, yo.
That woke up both my kitties and had them running into the room to see what very important thing was happening.
Can someone please let me know which breed this is....it's so fat and fluffy 🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
That’s the sweetest shit I have ever seen a cat do.
Please tell your mom to tell Lulu that I love her
Adorable
Lulu is a fucking LEGEND
What a good kitty!  She's so adorable
"Thank you, Lulu! Now where's my newspaper?"
My heart is bleeding love for this cat!!!!!!
I'm in LOVE!!!!
She’s such a floof
It's so hard to guess what they are thinking...
I was talking to her when she was on mute - what a babe!
Lulu wins the internet today.
Service animals are a wonderful thing. How did your mother lose her other foot may I ask?
My dog does this too but with my sweater
Your moms a witch and the cat is her familiar
look at those big eyes!!! that kitty loves your mom!!
What a relief... Thought they arrived by themselves.
My cat Luke really enjoyed this video, thank you
/u/vredditshare
Whoa, my 9 yr old cat looks exactly like her! Too bad mine doesn’t do anything helpful. Her favorite hobbies are puking on rugs, scratching the wood moldings, and biting at me if I’ve pet her too much. She also bullies the two dogs.
Reminded me of Tiger King
That's the opposite of a cat. Cats steal socks, they don't deliver shoes.
Could a video get any cuter Holy shit. Awesome kitty! Mine claw me and jump in front of my feet lol.
Slipper*
I like the little chudder at the end when she drops the slipper, too.
i love cats so damn much they are the most adorable thing ever
It looks like my cat Jackson... Rest in peace buddy.
Wow...our cat just pushes anything breakable off of the tables and counters so we think we’re being broken into in the middle of the night.
My cat does something similar, exepts he drops my slippers in his food bowl. I guess it's a prey he caught and is now going to pretend to eat...
MAinecoon cats are amazing. They are weird and derpy, but so damn smart at the same time.
This is the most perfect stubby-tailed little ball of floof I have ever laid eyes on.
Cat: “Your fur’s falling off again. Here ya go.”
My cat drags large heavy blankets up the stairs most mornings or during the night, along with loud meowing.  The meowing is annoying because it wakes me up.
Lucky. I have 3 cats and they are 2 assholes and a half.
This reminds me of my barn cats.  Every holiday, my family would give me the carcass of the turkey/ham bone, and I would bring it home and put it out in the yard and call my barn cats out.  One of them would grab the carcass in their mouth and try to walk away with it in that exact same wide front stance walk while also growling at the other cats who were following it.  

You would usually never see it ever again, as whatever other scavengers were in the woods would get rid of it.
My cat doesn’t interact with me at all unless I’m eating something. I’m a little jealous lol
The only critter better than a Maine Coin Cat is a Pug.  The Maine Coon is often described as "The dog of the cat world." But usually because of the way they like to play.  The best I could do with mine was teaching him to shake.
AKSSULY YTHATS A BOOT.
Jeez, mine won't even try to help out around the house.
My cat does this with socks and shoes. It’s always accompanied by super loud meowing.
Poor cat thinks it's a dead rat LOL.
Oh my god that is so cute
She's trying so hard!
That is the cutest thing ever
A dog in cat’s clothing.
I might have to stop following this sub Reddit cos it's making me feel feelings
it looks like a Norwegian forest cat or a Main coen
My old cat used to do this, except he preffered to bring us dead rabbits.
Haha I love the way cats dumb mouths look when they’re carrying stuff. Little cheeks all pushed up.
Looks exactly like my cat :) Wish mine brought my slippers though..
Wow that’s super adorable 😍
Can someone explain this? My cat also brings me things while meowing the whole time.
Aw! Sweet baby!

"MOM I GOT YOUR SLIPPERSFEED ME."
Sweet kitty!!
elegant  ! what breed is it?
One of the most adorable things I've ever seen in my life.
Mb brothers cat does this with my stuff, just instead he growls at me and runs away
awwwwwwwwwwww
One time, while staying with my SO’s family, their cat brought me a bra, and pair of underwear that didn’t belong to me. That was hard to explain.
What’s wrong with your cat. That’s cute!
The cutest little slipper slave!!
Hi mom! I brought you your foot kitten!
Main coons are my favorite
What a brave hunter kitty
*slipper
We had a calico who would do this.  She would wonder around the house screaming at 3am and in the morning we would find my brother’s size 10 shoe in the middle of the kitchen.  She would also do it with stuffed animals or balls of yarn.
Maybe the cat is reminding her she already owns slippers made from a cat. This isn’t being helpful. This is survival at its best
Sure we've had slipper, but how about second slipper?
That's a nice fuckin kitty you got right there.
Baby fluff brings the feet fluff
That is one fuzzy cat.  Probably thinks she is carrying kittens.
your mom adopted a puss n boot
Beautiful floof is halping :)
did she adopt the cat because it could bring her slippers
wheres the other one?
/u/xAlissaxx
This is the best thing I’ve seen on the internet today
Simp cat.
It's a Maine coon so it's pretty much a smaller fluffier dog
what a furry doggo
I turned up the audio just to make sure she says thank you to the cat. She did.
Good girl :)
The ”om nom nom!” AWWW
Whoa.
"You only need one right meow."
Cats are weirdly thankful. My uncle feeds cats in our neighborhood and they all bring him stuff in his doorstep ( usually dead birds )
Puss brings boots
That feline dragging Uggs looks damn fine on the rug.
Ask your mother why she has rat fur boots. That might be why the cat keeps bringing them.
Awww she’s so floofy
u/vredditdownloader
One of my cats carries my sliplers, the issue is he doesn't fetch them for me just carries them around so I have to search for them when I want rhem as he'll carry them off and then get bored. 

Places I have found them (not an exhaustive list):

Halfway down the stairs
In the wheelbarrow in the backgarden
In the garage
Under my grandmother's bed
I love cats that talk while carrying stuff, it's so cute
Your lucky to have a useful cat unlike me
I want that cat
Our cat makes the rounds at night to get us all in bed, and does the same in the morning to get us up.
Puss with boots
Not to brag or anything but my cat leaves dead cockroaches in our shoes as gifts. So we got that going for us
That slipper is now that cats’s “baby.” Lol.
That’s a cats way of bringing you a “gift”. Usually in the wild it would be a mouse or bird they caught. I use to have a cat when I was a child who would bring up Christmas bows from the basement and leave them at my bedroom doorway.
Oh my goodness, that is so cute! 🥺🥺🥺
What kinda cat is this? I love it
This is soooooo cute ♡
Rrr
I showed this to my cat, she told me to fuck off.
adorable!
This is such a dog thing lmao
This is the best thing I’ve seen in my entire life
That’s adorable. Lulu is a good kitty.
My cat only steals shit from me, never brings it to me. I'm convinced he's a niffler. Items stolen include: a necklace, my deodorant, my clean socks that I set out the night before work, pill bottles, and more. He's a goddamn thief.
My cat pulls the carpet up outside my door and tried to open it but she isn’t strong enough so it just sounds annoying.
But since cats are jerks, it only brings one slipper.
"I killed this in the night. Now we feast."
How wholesome. I love this cat
This cat is a national treasure
That's a strange looking dog you got there...
Homan help cat cat help homan
LULU
Maybe it thought they were slipurrs?
Just one slipper or both?
My cat takes my slippers from my side, and moves them to my wife.
“When are you leaving, human?”
My cat drags my slippers to the basement and tries to hide them.
Aw my grandmother had a dog that did that. Also used to meet her off the bus from work
Nice
LIES!

The cat brings **A** slipper.

1/10 would not order again.

/s

This cat is awesome!
Please don’t blink
Is that a maine coon?
Dormamu, I've come to bargain....

One of my cats does something similar. She brings me one of her toys. She's telling me to give her food. If I ignore this she escalates this to ankle biting.
so cute ❤️
Slippers?
"Hurry up and get out of my house"--- cat probably
Ive got a cat who looks and sounds just like this and we call her LuLu (Lucy) too!
The most important question is, who takes the slippers away from bad during the night?
Yes, you feed me and clean my litterbox but I am superior. I could do all of that on my own but I choose not to.
"Here, mom, I only peed on it once or twice."
Oh my goodness....so sweet!
What a good Weegie!
r/catswhoyell
What breaks my heart is that someone didn’t want that cat at one point in its life and your mom just gave it her forever home! Love it!
What about the other shoe?
I love Lulu more Lulu please thanks.
I still don't believe it. That's a boot, not slipper.
Puuuuurrrrrfect kitty
I’m pretty sure your mom got a small dog in a cat costume.
Puss with boot
Just one or both?
*Good dog*
Man I LOVE when animals carry something awkwardly large and have to to that walking waddle.
r/catswithjobs
Op, Is your mom a pirate?

Edit: just saw the second video, so I guess not lol
This is something the world needs right now ❤️❤️
We have a 16 year old kittie that brings us socks everyday yowling the whole time.
"Mom, Take em! Before the frikin' dog chews em up! By the way, you're gonna repay me for this!"
That is so adorable. :) Such a good cat.
All these posts about cats are making me want to get a cat
This is the content I'm here for. 100%.
Is that realy a slipper?
I’m still TEAM DOGGO no more what!?!
My mom's cat looks exactly like this and she brings her random stuff in the morning while meowing very loudly.
The "s" in "slippers" makes it plural
What breed is this?
Good cat
And my friend says cats are dumb...
My cat meows like an asshole to go outside every morning - pretty good trick too, right?
This needs to be a animated film about this cute lady and her cat bringing her shoes. As the film goes on the lady and her companion get older and older, and the cat brings the slippers a little more slowly each time.

We'd see clues as to what is going on in the woman's life on the floor such as newspapers about big events, maybe a wedding invitation for her daughter.

Eventually things would slow down, and the cat wouldn't come anymore and the camera would slowly pan up to the bedside table with a picture of the lady and her cat with the words "Deepest sympathies..."
Omg, it's too fucking cute.
What interests me the most is why she has boots has her slippers
Aw that's so cute!! She deserves sok of my cake!!!
Some adapt to prison remarkably well and quickly become CO's favorites.
He looks a lot like one of my cats. Tabby with same thick fur.
Smelly feet + the fur probably makes the cat think it killed the slipper and is bringing it as a gift.
Two cats in the house - all they do is look at me with a 'F&\*k you' face.    
Good job!
What a good dog
I am thinking of getting a cat too, I have no idea how much dedication they require though, not sure how much time I will be able to take care of it except the mornings and evenings.
For some reason I imagine Lulu stubbing her toe on the pliers and starts meowing “Oh the things I do for you every morning”
Awww, it's like a puppy bringing it's owner's slippers
u/vredditdownloader
Awesome!
oh my goodness that cat looks just like my cat named lissie!
EAT YOUR DINNER THAT I BROUGHT FOR YOU.
Are you telling me there's *not* a dead mouse in the slipper?
All my cat brings me is living roaches
She’s adorable, and seems to love your parents. Good on them for adopting an older cat
Omg, those meows
Kool
Maine Coons are awesome cats!  Also, those are some big ass slippers.  They look like boots.
[deleted]
Cats doing cat things, bringing only one slipper ;)
I.e. she finally got the child she always wanted
Puss 'n Boot
Smart cat 😻
u/vredditshare
Omg - so adorable! Thank you for sharing and LuLu is sweet!! You’re mom will go to heaven for rescuing that little girl!
Slipper*
I have a cat named Lulu too! She doesn’t bring me slippers unfortunately.
Ok, I know this is weird but why are their pliers on the floor.
Ours brings us socks, loose strings etc, but only to the foot of the stairs. Meowing SUPER loud the whole time and wont stop until you thank her.
thank you for blessing the popular feed with this
Lulu <3
One slipper!! I love it!!
*steps on pliers* YEOW! OW!! WOOOW!
Thats not a slipper its a wild rabbit that she caught just for you. Arent you proud?
That's the cutest name ever awww
Maybe the old owner trained the cat that way, and maybe that’s why the cat is doing it.
This makes my heart so happy to see :)
That's a dog in disguise
The boot's so furry she probably thinks it's a mouse!
this is amazing. thank you.
That's one slipper. As far as I'm concerned the job is incomplete.
Somewhere out there is a dog with a cat's soul apparently.
Awww LuLu is a beautiful lil beast 😍
That's awesome, I'm glad your mom adopted her despite the health issues. Hope they both have long happy lives together.
My cat wont even love me and sleep with me. This is the most cutest thing ever 🥺💕
Your mom must be a one legged Pirat.
Good bye child slavery
Good dog
Wee honey.
My cat does this. With socks. At 3AM.
What a fantastic floof
I love LouLou
So cute!!
Kitty knows what step one is to getting the human to feed you
And a majestic floof too
That cat is so dog
My dog does this as well, only in another shape
That is so adorable
First post I saw today logging into Reddit. This makes me happy. :)
This is cuteness saturation.

Jesus, what a fluffy little cinnamon roll. I want to hug it.
This is awesome! What a thoughtful cat.
Well it looks cute to us, but that cat is carrying that slipper like she would carry her child. It is obvious that this cat had a traumatic event happen and something happened to her kittens. These are obvious signs of Cat PTSD. I would venture to say that her health problems have some connection to that event in which she lost her kittens. Therefore I recommend that you tell your mother to show her even more affection. Cats are more vulnerable after losing their kittens.
Thank you for sharing this!

Is kitty a Maine Coon? My Maine Coon used to play fetch. They’re really smart, sweet and talkative kitties.
Why wasn't the slippers near her to begin with?
Sitting here weeping of wholesomeness. The world needed this video right now. Thank you.
not slippers.
she tries so hard😭❤️
Amazing!  I’ve never seen such a thing!!
My boy does this too!! But with my boxers! His name is lulu too!
This is adorable!
Maine Coons are reincarnated dogs
Birds and moles were left on doormat here.
How did your mom lose her other leg?
He’s so fluffy I could die!
You misspelled dog
Is it a maine coon? Mine does the same thing with his stuffed lobsters
Here is your shoe you lazy ass. now feed me
Every night one of my mom's cats takes all of her gloves out of the winter gear box and distributes them across the floors of her townhome. We have no idea why but it's adorable :')
Is that a dog born as cat?
One of the best things I've seen in my life.
Omg so adorable!!! Looks like my cat ♥️ awesome video
One slipper down, now she has to do the second one.
Isn’t she wonderful
Maybe just check before you put your foot in there.  Don't want to shove your foot into some nice cat puke.
Is it just always meowing?
Nice
"Look what weird looking mouse i have caught!"
She probably lived with a dog owner before
Man my cat doesn't even let me pet her. 😪
That's amazing. Bot my Cat's get away with...
Does she only have one foot 😀
Omg 😭 this is so sweet!!!
I love lulu ❤❤❤
This is so adorable!! I didn’t even know cats did this
That’s a Maine coon, also known as the gentle giants. They have such big hearts, it doesn’t surprise me. Beautiful kitty. 💕🎀
What breed of cat is this ?
Here. I killed this for you. Again.
Nprwegian Forest cat Right? She looks just like mine ❤️
I heard about a theory that cats bring things to people not because they want to please them but because they perceive the human as an inept hunter that needs it's assistance to survive.
I think this kind of positivity keeps me going in life.
My old cat would take my big socks and slippers out of my closet (or let's face it, where ever I left them on the floor) and drag them all the way down the winding staircase we have to his little spot on the kitchen on the mat, or to me. If he liked one of my friends he'd get exited and bring them a sock, sometimes even all the way outside. When we knew we were getting close to having to put him down (he had a brain tumor) my friends brought him a sock, and we buried him with flowers and his socks. RIP, little buddy.
A helpful cat? It's clearly CGI
C H O N K E R
She said it best, thank you Lulu
Where’s the other one Mittens!!!! Goddamn it.
I saw GamesWorkshop clippers there
I honestly don't know whats better adopting a kitten or an adult cat that is a bro.
How bad do your mom's feet smelll,
That is adorable
That is A slipper. Your mother owes you (and you us) the second slipper
Lulu is the best!!!!
is she a house cat? my cat brings her toys to me and drops them whilst aggressively meowing. i always wondered if thats her way of bringing a dead animal? sort of "i tolerate you....have one of my toys."
What breed is Lulu?
AAAH! I wish my cat did nice things like bring me slippers... he just throws up in them. 

What an angel, or an incredibly smart cat who knows exactly who to treat like a queen! Haha
That's some real cat love
My cat just puts my socks in her water bowl.
I always thought cat people were weirdos until I started browsing this subreddit.  Now I catch myself thinking about getting a cat.
That’s great. Wish mine would do something to earn her food and roof.
My mom's cat does that too. Brings her one slipper. Just the one, the other stays put. He'll bring it to her when it's time for her to go to bed or get out of bed.
Man, that cat’s dedication to getting her out of bed is amazing. Lol
good cat, never saw one bringing slippers :)
What your mother is supposed to hop over to get the other one?

It so hard to get good help these days...
Good kitty!
Earning the treats
Lulu is ready for her walk
You said slippers. I see A slipper.
my profile picture is my reaction to finding out that people call those slippers
Lulu is best girl.
:3
sorry people didn’t gave a catty remark
Oh my heart ❣
If I tried to teach my cat to get my slippers, he would just go take a dump in one of them.
Jeez can’t your mom get some smaller slippers? Lulu is struggling with those monsters 😊
My first thought is “How does the cat think it’s conditioning it’s human right now”. I can always tell when one of my cats is trying to play me....I think.
I would die for her
awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwe
Stop pussyfooting around!
My cat used to do that, I wonder why.
That's too adorable!
Let slip the cats of purr
That’s so funny
Cats are cool!
I can die meow.
We don't deserve cats or dogs or bunnies or spiders or any pets,they are too kind for us
I have a cat that looks like that but she just hides the slippers and socks. I love her though
I love it when cats carry things that are too big for them
I love Lulu
That lil waddle tho
😂😂😂😂
LuLu get the other one.
Feed me Tina, you fat piece of lard.

I mean. meow meow meow meow
Not to be in the negative because that's pretty funny. But where do you adopt a fancy cat like that? Or do you buy him and say that you adopt instead?
sweet
Slipper, singular.
So cute
I need me a fluffy cat.
Protect this cat at all costs.
OMFG MY CAT DOES THE SAME!!!
Oh my god. She looks just like my cat! They even have the same collar on!!
Boyle bi guzellik daha yok masum sey
My cat also does this, but with socks, at 3am.

She's an asshole.
Maine Coons are very dog like. Not surprised. Beautiful kitty.  I have a coonie mix
I think my cat is taking me for granted
This cat definitely wants the human to put on those slippers and feed her
Maybe it smells like a dead rat
I was just watching this and my cat Luna was looking around for the sound of the cat, and I said "It's on here, Lulu." Just as she was saying "Thank you, Lulu.". Shit was weird.
Probably thinks it's a dead animal.
Not a fan of cats usually but that is great
Wish I could see her feet
Thats the only useful thing ive ever seen a cat bring some one usually it is a dead or almost mouse,rat, or with my luck snake.
Norwegian forest cat, so damn cute
Mainecoons are the best cats
Maybe there cat knows that once the slippers are on, it's feeding time out in the kitchen.
u/vredditshare
We don't deserve such friends.
I love Lulu!
My black cat does this with shoes, except he drags them upstairs and yowls the entire time he's doing it. Almost every morning we have a scattering of shoes or sandals from our bed leading to the landing. He rarely brings pairs.
She looks so soft!!
My cat does this with socks, but doesn’t make such a cute noise. It’s more of a wail, often mistaken for a child’s cry by guests. We cannot leave any socks out, or we are woken up by the cat more than a newborn baby, socks everywhere.
my cat once brought me some water he had drank and then peed it out all over me. not as good or as useful but it did force me to wash the comforter, so there's that.
So, does she go back to retrieve the other slipper too? Does your mom have damp ankles from the cat drool? :)
Here I thought cats usefulness besides farming karma, hunting rodents, being cute and cuddly was non-existent.  

Pretty fucking cool.
That poor dog is stuck in a cat’s body.
This cat is so charming! I want to get a cat so bad but they really affect my asthma 😔
omg precioussssss 🥰
u/repostsleutbot
My cat used to do this, but not with slippers...

He would bring us centipedes, and (one time) a mouse he found in the basement.  You would see the feet going crazy and he would bring them up to "show us" what he found (complete with aggressive sounds and growling).   He passed away a decade ago, but you never wanted what he would bring you.
I love her little "mrow" when your mom acknowledges she brought the slipper 😭
That’s one nice kitty right there
Such a friend
Cat knows bringing slippers = food. C
I LOVE LULU
Just one though.  Underachieving, isn't it?
It must think it's a kitten or another cat. My cat used to do the same thing with my bathrobe, which had the same material.
Must be nice....... my cat jump on my bed just to vomit...... and then he just dip
Ok folks, it's official: 
We found the bestest cat evurr!
Does she take them away at night? Is that why she needs to bring them?
So cute!!! She looks exactly like my Speedy, my 17 year old fur baby
Hope the kitty didn’t know that yet...
/vredditdownloader
My cat just throws up in them.
thats hilarious and very cute
Oh.my.gods
What is that trilling noise near the end called?
I’m now seeing the same cat vid with many different headings🤔
I want to hug that cat, so. damn. bad.
"mair mair"
The usual sign a cat has amazing motherly instincts, they will move or carry things to a “safe” place as they would with their kittens.
IT’S SO FLUFFY!!!
What a beautiful cat and such a sweet cat. It's a purrfect cat!
That's only one
My Gypsy brings me mittens and makes the same noises.  I loves her.
That's a strange looking dog
that cat was a dog in a former life.
As a kitten, my guy would drop his catnip mice in his water dish and bring it to me in the middle of the night. He'd meow loudly and paw at me until I woke up and threw it down the hallway, after which he'd fetch it back.

That's how I learned that a wet catnip mouse can be thrown farther than a dry one.
Thank you. Now please, go get the other one, Lulu.
Maybe you can train her into bringing your mom's mail too, lol
ANGEL CAT
I had a cat that would always bring my shoes halfway up the stairs while I was sleeping. Now I wonder if this is what she was trying to do.
Im sorry ot hear your mother only has one foot
Well they do look like roadkill...
I would die for Lulu
So darn cute!
You mean dog?
So cats may in fact have souls... interesting
this my babby

i call her lu two

please don’t tell me

she’s a shoe 

she’s small and soft

as you can see

i think that she’s 

a lot like me

she’s quiet

and she’s very mild

we - HEY!! 

DON’T STICK YOUR FOOT INTO MY CHILD
/u/vredditdownloader
That's one beautiful cat. Also I love the sound she makes at 8 seconds
I can’t even get my new cat to come near me
Tiger Queen
That is a floof beast if ever I've seen one!
"Apparently you need these in order to get me some food so here.  Now git"
Cuz yer Mom is a Rock Star!  Lucky hooman!
Looks like a Maine coon
This made my day
Get yer ass up and feed me.
awww soooo adorable.
Haha, too cute!! That's a beautiful cat too!
What a good kitty
Pretty sure she thinks that slipper is a small dead animal
This is so sweet.
My cat does this but with underwear instead of slippers
And what does my cat do? Pukes. That's it.
What a beautiful cat!
Maybe the cat wants a baby, it could be that she is wanting to bring her baby to the owner so she can take care of it.
Do you know what kind of cat she is? We adopted an orphaned kitten 10 years ago who looks just like her!
She's so extra fat and floofy I love her.
My mini main coon girl does this too.  

She picks up her babies (toys) and meows really loudly and carries them around.  Super cute.
@ 0.02 - that slight front paw spread, is exactly the same pose i make when adjusting my balls while walking to the bathroom in the morning.
Thats not a slipper! Damm cute cat tho
There is simply no better companion than a Maine Coon.
This is the coolest thing I’ve ever seen
I love this cat. She is gorgeous!
i love it. i love cat videos

i want more
I wish I could tag my cat in this.
That’s so adorable! I have one that eats my shoes. 🤨
Wow wow wow and what a set of pipes on that pretty kitty haha such a helpful cat. Mine just bring me socks that they hid from me in the first place.
What a good kitty
Oh my god that is the absolute most adorable cat I've seen in ages!
It's such a sweet little baby!
He is so cute that God she adopted this beautiful baby..
My cat is slacking, he just steals my socks.
I can't tell if your mom is Cinderella or the wicked stepmother. Either way, that cat must love her.
Is your Mom Snow White?
That is tear jerking adorable !
Mighty hunter
I hate to say this but.. That's not a slipper
I love her!
TAKE MY UPVOTE AND POST THIS MORE
Holy shit I’m watching Ozark and right as I clicked this link, the scene with the stripper named Lulu came on. 

Super cute cat too haha.
Omggggggg I LOVE her!
get that non dog outta here (jk i love it)
This is so adorable.
:o where do I find such cuteness in my life! All I get is dead birds...
It's a maine coon you can tell by the fur coming from the ears
