#Here come the hotstepper
I had a dog that just loved hide and seek. One of us would hold the dog while the other person would hide. He wouldn't stop until he found you and he'd be so proud of himself. Such a good boy.
EXTREME r/TippyTaps

WHAT A BEAUTIFUL GAL!!!!!
Literally can't tell if she has that genetic disorder or just pure joy
Reason #378,987 why I love dogs
Not sure if this is a repost. Don't care if it is. This made me real happy. 

Hope your doggo makes the front page!
Does he see me ? Does he see me ? Does he see me ? 
He see me - ruff
I'm actually pretty impressed with her ability to stay on here feet despite all the flopping around.
The derp of love
r/whatswrongwithyourdog

Edit: people literally saying what’s wrong with the dog. 🙁
This is exactly the kind of content I come here for! What a beautiful, derpy dance she does - thanks for sharing!
lol shes very happy to see you.
What a doll. I love when the happy thoughts take over all motor control. My pups are definitely helping keep me sane these days.
“YOU FOUND ME YOU FOUND ME YOU FOUND MEEE”
Is her name Dork? Because that's a dork if I ever saw one
Oh my god! This is everything!! So adorable
Oh goodness this made me laugh harder than I was expecting 😂
*"Hello, my baby! Hello, my honey! Hello, my ragtime gal'!"*
Awww her little hippy hops! :)
Wow, I can’t even get my dog to acknowledge my existence half the time!
Ahhhh was she so excited she couldn't release a bork til the very end?
Sooooooo cute!!!!!
So cute!!<3
What an awesome dog,  thanks for posting
Aaaaaa it’s Sarah!!
Oh my gosh yes I love these doggos energy. They're just like my person my person.
Derp City!
Dude what an angel. I love this
that's so cute, reminds me of my niece and nephew thinking they're hiding even when they giggle or their legs are sticking out from under the sofa.
Hehehe doggo go boing
So stinking cute!
Lol this belongs in r/whatswrongwithyourdog
Lol. That’s awesome!
r/zoomies
Just the cutest, silly girl! I love her kind spirit too. #rolemodel
This is so freakin cute!
dancing like bambi!
This is me when wine finds me.
Oh my gosh! ❤❤❤ I don't think I've ever wanted to play hide and seek with a dog more! 😊😊😊
Your dog is a lamb!
She enchanted me with her prancing.
LET ME SHOW YOU THE DANCE OF MY PEOPLE.
We don't deserve dogs
Aw she’s so brilliantly derpy, love her
Never seen a pup move quite like that 😂😭😍
Omg I love her bless that precious baby’s heart
Hahahahah. She’s funny
Adorable baby! It must be a huge but delightful responsibility to be loved like that.
OMG she's the sweetest! 💜💙💚💛🧡❤
More hide n seek dog PLEASE
r/animalsbeingderps
This made me laugh in cuteness in the middle of my awful depression tonight thank u
Is she just SO HAPPY she forgot how to walk, or does she have a neurological problem/older? Sorry if that seems weird to ask, but I work with dogs and I've seen dogs with neurological or spinal problems like  that where they can't really control their legs too well, and I got curious. Could just be she forgot how to dog in her excitement lol  
Also I used to have a lab who would play hide and seek with this toy mouse. We'd lock him in a bedroom (He'd run there whenever we got the mouse), hide the mouse somewhere in the house, and then let him out. He'd search the house and always find it. He was so good at finding his mouse! We'd always say "Where's your mouse?" and he'd almost always immediately go into whatever room we had put the mouse. We had to start taking the time to walk around the house before and after hiding it to throw him off a bit. And he knew that if we hid the mouse somewhere before, we wouldn't hide it there again, so he wouldn't look in the same place unless he really couldn't find it, and it would be like "Ok, I can't find it. Did you guys put it in that place I found it last time?"
I’m *howling* at this! You have the derpiest dog in the universe! 

I thought Allie Brosh of [Hyperbole and a Half](http://hyperboleandahalf.blogspot.com/2011/04/wild-animal-simple-dog-goes-for-joy.html?m=1) had the derpiest dog. But no. No, your dog wins. 

And he made me laugh harder than I have in a week. Thank you. That was wonderful.
Dogs are glowing beacons of cuteness and joy
she's so excited to play with you
That is one cute puppy!
That’s a kangaroo
She loves you so much!
Reminds me of my son when he was little (3/4). He loved to play hide and seek, but he wanted you to hide with him. He 1) always hid in the same place and 2) talked to you while you hid with him. 

His heart is made of pure gold.
Those jumps of joy made my day!
What a dance!
What a goof! 😍
That’s a “prancing” dog lol.
I do the same dance when I stub my toe.
She’s Sooooooo cute!!!
Omg my name is also Sarah I’m so happy to share a name with such an adorably cute and happy puppy how old is she?
Lol awwwww so derpy, so excited!
omg. so frickin cute!!
I had a pretty shit day, this helped a lot, thank you.
It’s annoying how i cant get over how CUTE THIS IS. Like what the actual eff?
Might be broken, turn it off turn it back on
Oh my god what an angel
Not to be dramatic but I would literally die for this dog
She’s adorable, but not a great hider!
Quarantine Day 369:

&#x200B;

Doggo loses all connection to reality.
AWWWW
dog.exe brokeh
She’s soooo happy it warms my heart.
Commence full derp
Aww, she's so proud of you for finding her.
You're so good at this it makes her bad at it
awww this is freaking cute
What an adorable nerdy puppers!  Lol!!
How I feel when I get the 1v3 clutch in rainbow six
Absolute joy
Your dog is a weirdo. An awesome weirdo.
Dogs are too good for us.
SHe is Always smiling!
LOve on her for me please
🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩
Oh my gosh, this is the best!! Pets are the best thing ever created!!
That’s so derpy and cute like. Oh gosh you found me again- I am so happ
r/WhatsWrongWithYourDog
Man this little one is living the life. If reincarnation is a thing this is how I wanna come back.
wow... ive never seen a dog do that! thats so cute! and props to you for even teaching them how to play hide and seek lol
What a wonderful diggy dog, please hug her for me <3
I'm not gonna lie, I would pet the hell out of your dog.
Another Jamie joe
I have a boxer who is basically a spring board i love when he bounces
Whoa! Sarah, cheer up will ya?
Nobody:
My friend after throwing away the plot integral item in dnd:
This made me smile so much!  I love it!
How is it even possible to play hide and seek with adog. They are always so excited that its hard to hide.
God damnit this is adorable. Just what the doctor ordered.
We do not deserve dogs.
I rmbr this dog!!!! I’ve seen you before!!!
Adorbdog
Somethings a little wonky with these shock absorbers.
Now that's what i call a best friend
I love this dog\~!
That is so cute!!
Wow you got such a good horse
Your dog is a goober. I love her.
Omg I love that dog!
OMG so cute!!

Dogs=toddlers!!! 💖
Come on!!! I needed you to find me!!
My little one asked to see the 'wobbly dog's today, but I didnt save the last video I showed her. She will be thrilled to see this!

Sarah, you are precious!
I love this dog
OMG that little dance is the cutest thing I've ever seen!
Is she a wobbly doggo or was she just being a funny derp just then?
That one was creating a distraction while the other one ran to another hiding spot!
Oh my god. I love your dog! We don't deserve animals.
Oh my gosh this is so cute! Her hops make me so happy
Omg she's a good girl.
That was simply delightful, thanks for posting, OP!
I just fricken full blown cackle laughed at this. Thank you so much, tell Sarah she’s the absolute bomb
My childhood dog would play hide and seek with us. I'd have her lay down in the kitchen and stay, then I'd run into the other room and hide. Either behind the curtains, in the closet, behind the couch, or even in cupboards. Then I'd call her - she was so good, she wouldn't come until she was called - and she'd carefully listen to hear me and find me. SO CUTE! I love this post!
I remember! It’s that jumpy dog!
WATCH OUT FOR THAT BIG ASS SNAAAAAKE!!
Oh, wait. Nevermind.
I want dog.
Is she an Akbash?
Nobody in their entire life has ever had more fun playing hide and seek. Ever.
Omg! That prance lol
I think that’s a deer
Thanks for a laugh.
God why are dogs so smart??! And cute!
Herp derps AND tippys
That’s a deer bro.
This is the goofiest dog, she's adorable! It's so great you have this much fun together.
Ur dog is absolutely adorable. I would be playing that game with my dog every chance I got if he had the same reaction
Went to a bark park one day. Saw an elderly man literally play hide and seek with his golden retriever. Super intelligent boye would actually wait as his master counted to 10 slowly to hide. The elderly owner had plenty of trees to hide behind. Caught the attention of everyone nearby as the owner reached 10. The Golden retriever went into search mode instantly and sniffed out his owners trail gradually to a few trees until finally he found the right tree his master was hiding behind. I'm sure lots of people do this with their dogs, but just seeing it in person was a better feel than on video. This quarantine sucks, it's something that we take for granted but simply taking your doggo to the bark park is really relaxing and enjoyable. Especially seeing how excited they really get as well as how much they don't want to leave.
I don’t know why but I read “TOO EXCITED” as “TOO INTOXICATED”.
That’s some next level tippy taps
One of the cutest videos I’ve seen today! Thanks for sharing.
I love that dog. Hoppy hop boy.
Living her best life
[deleted]
Aww. I love your sweet girl.
I love the happy hops! You brought me pure joy.
How can you teach a dog how to play hide and seek?
derp dance
Genuine question: does this dog have a neurological disorder or balance issues? Most dogs I see with issues like that move just like this. 

Otherwise, she looks very healthy and happy.
Lol,omg so cute,I thought it was gonna be how my dog would get wagging his tail&running around a bit but she was doing a whole lil hopping dance,adorable
That is the cutest thing I have even seen in my whole life
I was gonna try to think of something funny to say but the doggo is just too cute and it melted my brain
Omg the happy dance 🥰
My mom has a CH dog too. So cute!
This is the happiest little dog I've ever seen, at least it wasn't inside
What a complete goofball good girl.
Protect this pupper at all costs
Omg.   Cutest thing I’ve seen all week.   Congrats
Omg. I just cannot. What a precious dear.❤
What kind of dog? I had a stray I found when I was a kid that looked just like it
Oh My
Day 1: I found a cute video. i upvote 

Day 378: I watch this on repeat 300 times
I love this! We had a dog when I was growing up and we'd play hide and seek inside with him. One of us would hold him at the top of the stairs and the other would hide in the basement. After we hid, we'd yell "Albert, come find me!' Then he'd race down the stairs. He was such a good pup.
I just got back from work after a long week and found this on my feed.  Dogs are so pure, but this girl is one of the purest.  Thanks for sharing!
This. This is the cutest shit I have ever done damn seen.
I just wanna hug her.  She is the happiest.  Thank you posting these.  I never get sick of her.
After everything that’s going on with the pandemic I needed this ! Thank you so much ! :) it popped up on my newsfeed and I had to watch it a couple of times. Thank you for making my night
I don't know about hide and go seek, but your dog is *fantastic* at hide and go derp.
Superstar Sarah!!!! I just love her!!!
I needed this today. Felt happy for a few seconds forget about everything that was going on. Thank you.
We taught our BIG black lab Tango to look for my daughter. She would go hide and I would start asking him "Wheeeeere's Abby?!!?! Wheeeere's Abby?!?!!?" He would get really excited and ZOOM around looking for her them crash into her repeatedly when he found her while we laughed hysterically. Good times!
It’s like she is always just floating on clouds
Almost 75,000 views in 7 hours!  And deserved!  Lol
 You own a jumping floof!
Thank you for gracious words, kind sir!
She is just the best thing ever! I love all your videos of her. Thanks for sharing!
Great Pyrenees are the best! Is she mixed?
Is this a tippy tap or slammy whammy, I ain't sure...
Sir that’s a rabbit.
Dog.exe stopped working. Please give some treats to reboot
This honestly made my day and week so much better. Thank you.
What a beautiful dog.
Omg I love dogs
That was glorious
The floor is lava
He went full deer there
Big ol derp.
What a silly furball! I would love to play her lol
I keep rewatching this. Such pure joy. Ty
adorable!!!
Why did my heart just melt seeing this ?!?!
Do you have two dogs? I saw another dog walk behind her but was more calm, the second dog had white fur.
This made my day better! I really needed something wholesome af.
Jesus that's a big fucking bunny
Omg the bouncy puppy is back!! So adorable!!
Derpy all-four slammies. A friggin' plus pupper performance
Your dog is my favorite dog that I’ve never met.
She P R A N C E
I love Sarah!! She’s amazing. So much love between dog and owner
Oh Sarah, what a gorgeous silly doggo you are! ❤️🐾😊
@r/whatswrongwithyourdog
I think I’ve watched this 20 times
Derp dog!
What breed is your dog? She looks like my last sweet dog, but I never knew her breed for sure. Mine just passed and I want another. She was a mutt from Tennessee.
Dog “ima baddd boy....baddddd boyyy”
This is so precious!!
With all the shit going on right now, we need something wholesome like this.
#myheart
This is the best thing I've seen in literally years. I adore everything about this.
Oh gosh, I’ve seen this dog several times on Reddit now, and I just can’t get over how much I love her! ❤️
I've never seen a creature do such alien movements, it looks like a cartoon.
This looks like me trying to run away from something in a bad dream.
Guess I have to share this with my GF, Sarah, now. I've found her spirit animal.
I’m waiting for an animal expert in the comments to go UHM AKCHULLY THAT IS A SIGN OF EXTREME STRESS AND THE DOG IS ABOUT TO SNORT OUT ITS BRAIN THROUGH ITS KNOWS ACTCHILLY
I am obsessed with your adorable dog! Thank you for the videos!!
Aww this poor dog has a neurological disorder :(
What breed is your dog. Please tell me. He’s beautiful.
Is that the same super bouncy dog??
EDIT: Not the same but still as darn cute.
Her soul just leaking from her body with joy, shes gorgeous :D
This works perfectly with the berries and cream song...
r/tippytaps
That is one happy puppy❤️
This really fits in r/animalsbeingderps but it won’t let me cross post there
* *Aggressive tippy taps* *
What a lovely derp!
u/vredditshare
I love her so much.
I love this. So wholesome. So happy.   


Thank you.
The derpinest derp that ever derped
is anyone going to tell them that they actually adopted a rare hairy antelope?
r/tippytaps
Yeah
Love is hard to find. The love of a good dog isn't. Looks like you found love in all the right places.
You broke your dog hahaha
Fucking adorable!!!
I'm sorry but I think I'm the first to tell you. You don't have a dog. You have a Deer in Wolves clothing.
It's Sarah!!! Hi Sarah! You're such a cutie pie <3
/r/perfectlycutbarks
goodboi
I loveee her !
That's so cool
That’s the happiest happy dance I’ve ever seen.
How did u train her to do hide and seek
/r/tippytaps
She is the goodest girl
Please reddit, don't tell me there is something wrong with this dog. It's too pure.
I loooove ur doggy!
The content we all need more of!
reminds me of the brendan frasier spazzy clap
/r/AnimalsBeingDerps
Spaz  
(☝˘▾˘)☝
Happiest derp dance ever. Gonna bleach my eyes.
What a cute happy sweet girl thanks for sharing with us we need all the cute
/r/perfectlycutborks

Edit: wow that's a real sub
What a derp 😂
when your high in trying to hide something
r/slammywhammies
r/stoppedworking
r/AnimalsBeingDerps
🎶Razzle Dazzle ‘em
That dog is the sweetest goonie dog ever
Good boyyy *pat pat*
Omg lol that’s the cutest thing ever!
How do you teach the dog to hide?
[u/Vredditdownloader](https://www.reddit.com/u/Vredditdownloader)
Hehe this dog is broken :)
HERE I IS!!!
The love from animals is so pure x
r/AnimalsBeingDerps
You would think that - the way people bang on about how powerful dog's sense of smell is - they would always find you straight away, but there's lots of proof on the web that it isn't the case.
#StartledDog
Tippy taps
Happy taps.
Lmao you broke her
r/animalsbeingderps
That is just the best-what a darling doggie!
I love the theory that dogs are wolves with Williams syndrome. Its makes sense and it makes then more adorable.

[Long video](https://youtu.be/aDVS8PlNM8M)
That was the cutest thing I've seen in a long time.
Yoooooooo how beautiful this shit us!!!!😍
I just watched call of the wild and now I'm in love with your dog
r/slammywhammies
She reminds me of Stuart from MADtv.. *look what i can do!*
I am truly sorry, I truly meant it as a compliment. The words seemed to flow.... I am with remorse
I would play H and S all the time if that is the jumping response I'd get when I find her!!!!
I think your dog is broken
r/tippytaps
Haha, she's so spazzy! I love her
test
This is some r/slammywhammies gold right here.
That is one happy doggo
/r/perfectlycutbarks
What a glorious prance ❤️❤️
That is such a special doggie.
This made me very happy. So cute!!
That's the happiest goddamned dog I ever saw.
That is a derpy ass dog and I loves it.
I have the same reaction when I see beer.
This is so adorable
So sweet!
I needed this.
We play hide and seek too! Lol my mom or I hide and the dogs find us. Lolz it’s funny
Ever looked into Cataplexy? Just saying cuz I’ve got a dog whose back legs used to give out when over-stimulated/excited. It’s a weird form of canine narcolepsy. We have an Rx for it now. As she got older it got more debilitating if that makes sense. I dunno just in case you wanted to be safe and check it out. Not trying to worry you!
This is the sweetest thing I’ve ever seen!
Y'all better get on over to r/tippytaps stat.
r/stoppedworking
Lmao what is she doing i love it
Those legs !!! Like maybe if tigger was a 4 legged octopus
That last bark tho, you mad dawg?
That’s just adorable!
I do actually started a similar thing with my dogs except I have one dog “hide” and then I tell the other dog to go find them it’s hysterical how excited the “seeker” gets at having “found” the hidden dog
Hahagaha
damn that bitch be hoppin!!
r/whatswrongwithyourdog
Pure joy.
amaaazing    ;\]
Fucking dog, hide and smoke weed, I said hide and go SEEK..
I love love love dogs, what did we go to deserve them 🥺
This is the CUTEST thing I've seen today, thank you
Aw, she looks a lot like my old dog! Except with floppier ears.
This made my night, thank you.
r/slammywhammies
That’s the cutest thing I’ve seen all week!
What a beautiful derp!
I lover her 😍
/r/animalsbeingderps
r/moonmoon
How do you teach a dog to play hide and seek? I didn't know you could do that
This is the most wholesome thing I’ve ever seen ❤️😂
I thought there was a python in there at first
Such a happy pup - makes you smile on a bad day.
Gagootz
I LOVE her. This made me smile.....
Awwwwww that's very cute
Isn't this really the dog with the neurological condition?
Start Nena 99 Luftballons (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Gk_O3WRhSs) and once she's done with the first few lyrics play this, it matches perfect
I try to play hide and seek with my daughter and my dog just goes crazy and gives us away every time. He does not like us trying to hide from him!
OMG!!! I love your dog!
Ohhh my god. This is so adorable.
She bouncy
Look what I can do! - Stewart
I love her so much
simulation malfunction
That just made my week!!!!!❤️
Super duper cute :D
Omg this is wild I love her such a good doggo
Yay!  So happy to see humin frens!!!!!  :-)
Shit :D
Is nobody aware there were two dogs there? Even OP seems unaware.
That bark at the end "Look what you're doing to me Karen!"
Is this that same dog that was on reddit recently with the neurological disorder?
That's a happy doggo if I've ever seen one
Sir. Your dog needs to stop being so fucking lovable.
You noticed me, you really noticed me.
Thank you so much
OH GOODNESS
Oh her little hops and prancing make me so happy!
derpiest tippy taps I've seen.
The derp is strong with this one
r/whatswrongwithyourdog
Derpiest dog of all time
This is so fucking cute
I'm not gonna read all comments to see if this was mentioned but, your dog could have Cataplexy or narcolepsy. Have you looked into that? Source? I'm a RPSGT (Sleep Tech).
That’s how I used to run in 7th grade athletics.
This makes me incredibly happy inside.
Lmao
This dog is playing [QWOP](http://www.foddy.net/Athletics.html) IRL
Derpilicious
u/vredditshare
r/perfectlycutbarks
That herp derp dance is perfection
My dog does this too but with a stuffed animal squirrel
god bless that dog
r/slammywhammies
I can't remember a single time being this happy in my entire life.
r/tippytaps
I’m pretty sure your fog is Bambi
r/perfectlycutbarks
r/perfectlycutborks
Haha. Your dog is so hilariously derpy.
Sooooo adorable!!!
One of the cutest things I’ve seen in the past months. It’s pure love.
"Hipity hopity woof! Your heart is not my property. "
-Good Doggo.
I love her :)
Goooodd I can't handle it itssss toooo cute (^^)
Thank you for being a good dog owner. Look at that pureness!
“He a little confused, but he got the spirit!”
If this was hide and seek with a human, this reaction would be Richard Simmons'.
stupid dog.   Said by a person.
It looks like she fell on her sword to let the other one get away.  True hero.
*Laughs in Scooby-Doo*
Hoppy doggo
I just thought of Elaine dancing.
she's such a good girl she's THIS happy when the human she loves wins
OMG!  She’s hilarious!
Just remember:

According to studies of oxytocin levels - your dog loves you as a parent love their child.
Never seen a puppers turn into a horse before
Cute
So much happiness
You should cross post to r/animalsbeingderps !
Adorable! This just made my day. We have a 7 year old Aussie Shepherd, Golden Retriever mix.
Too cute!
Sarahhhh I love her so much 😭
This sparks joy
OMG! She is adorable!!!
I love when dogs get the floppies
How cute!
I love watching videos of Sarah!
Such a happy pupper 😊
That is just the cutest thing. Your dog is adorable 😍
this is what I come here for
r/animalsbeingderps
If only I had a dog
u/VredditDownloader
She is the dancing queen
Yep
That doggie is SO happy !
I love her reaction! Look at her prance!!
That's not a dog, that's a horse prancing about!
OMG I love her!!!
r/animalsbeingderps
Is that a labrador?
That's the first genuine laugh I've had in two weeks!
This is the cutest fucking thing I have ever seen in my life. Everyone on planet earth needs to see this
DAMMIT MOON MOON
r/animalsbeingderps
I think aplombaplomb + bplombbplomb = cplombcplomb if I remember my Plomb Theory
That bork at the end
You fool - she was a distraction whilst the other dog ran away! You fell right into her trap!
At least shes having fun
She looks like shes doing a variation of the chicken dance from Arrested Development
She's so adorably expressive! Thanks for sharing!
floppy hops :D
Omg what about adorable spaz!
That other big dog noped right out...He’s been here before.
Hahaha your dog's so gay :D
Now that's an affordable derp.
THE CUTEST!!!!
AHHHHH! That is actually the cutest fing thing I've ever seen
What dog breed is it? So pretty.
Because casual viewers don’t play no bullshit
Dog rly do be happy doe
I guess I’m the only one here that wondered about the other dog going off to the left....
That’s a full-on prance.
She's prancing!!!
r/animalsbeingderps
This should be on r/AnimalsBeingDerps
Sorry to have to say this, but I would like to inform you that is a rabbit not a dog.
/u/vredditshare
Boing boing boing!!! So gorgeous!
I think this is my new favourite video on the internet.
hahahahaha this is brilliant
She is too cute!!
Gotcha. Your it..
Hippity hoppity
shes GROOVIN
Will I ever know this level of joy
Sweet girl ~ what type of dog?
That ended like old sitcom. Even the bark was perfect
She's adorable ♥️. Post her also to r/stoppedworking they'll appreciate this!
u/vredditdownloader
r/Zoomies
What a beautiful derp
OMG!!! That’s adorable
Omg lol that made me laugh SO hard, what a sweet little goofball.
what a good girl!
Doing the happy skips
r/zoomies
r/tippytaps
Too Damn Cute....
/VredditDownloader
Happy happy joy joy.  Happy happy joy joy.  Happy happy joy joy.  Happy happy joy joy.
Magical dancy prance legs.
Excited or hit with a tranquilizer dart?
That is so derpy and cute!!
Perfectly cut borks
This just made my entire existence worth it... well, maybe it  made my week!
r/perfectlycutbarks
Lmao fucking love it
Is that you MrPeanutbutter?
i love how this dog has this issue, but the tail works just fine 👌🏻
dog.exe is broken
r/perfectlycutscreams
I love this video
u/vredditdownloader
Haha very cute, what kind of dog is that?
I love her so much
⁰å
Damn that's a derpy dog.
Did you post this on TikTok too?
Does she have cerebellar hyperplasia??
What's the name of that breed please?
Give them the ol’ razzle dazzle
How do you get your dog to play hide and seek?
I'm such a cat person but I honestly don't understand dogs? Why are they so happy lol? And why is he so excited over hiding ?
Sweet Jesus this is too adorable. How do you train a dog to play hide and seek? I've never seen a dog that does that.
Well this is heart-warming and all but you can't play hide and seek with a dog... Cmon man don't lie in the title.
Appears to be a meth lab.
Stop making the Chinese hungry
Haha that things tarded
How the hell do you teach a dog hide and seek?
I am confuselled. How on earth in gods heaven did you spot her?

All I saw was a stoopid dog owner being clever, pretending to spot her, and then getting called out doggo stule.
Are you sure she wasn't having a seizure?
By shit that dog is definitely on the spectrum.
Eww they look disgusting
I'm a veterinarian.  That dog has worms in its ass.
[deleted]
