Easily my favorite episode of Judge Judy, I remember rewinding this part bc it was such a happy ending
Why do people steal other people’s dog? 

There are shelters full of dogs to adopt.
"he does that to everybody" didn't seem to do it to you...
I hope my cat doesn’t get lost. He’ll go sniff the other person first 😒
"He does that to everybody."

Pupper ignored everyone else in the room except for that 1 guy.  I don't care much for court shows but that was amazing.
*judges judily*
with all the good sounds

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bG0a6Oy7rfA
Some years back we gave our neighbor one of our rottweiler's puppies. She was an older woman, in her late 60s at the time iirc. She named her Lacey and doted on that pup like another grandchild. Sweetest dog you'd ever meet. Well, when she was three or so, some asshole stole Lacey from her yard. Pam was heartbroken. Lacey had given her the companionship she had lost when her husband had died years before.

A month or so later Lacey shows up at our door looking for treats and perhaps to play with her sister. So we took her home when Pam got home, and both were understandably elated. All was good in the world.

A couple days later my dad was filling up at the local convenience store when he saw some lost dog fliers. The picture attached looked suspiciously like Lacey right down to the goofy flopped ear. When he got home (this was before cell phones were anywhere approaching common), he gave the number a call and inquired about the "lost dog." He then called the local PD and reported what happened. I either never found out or have forgotten what happened to the thief, but Lacey ended up living to a happy 14 or 15 years with Pam and had a couple litters of her own. She was the bestest pup and my mom has one of her grandpups these days.
Ive seen this a thousand times and it still hits my feels
You guys remember that movie with the clown and the dog and there was that scene where the dog is standing between the clown and the real owner and chooses who he wants to go to

edit: lol shit Air Bud that's it. I fuckin love Air Bud.
[Stolen dog reunited after 2 years.](http://i.imgur.com/EvlwRe8.gifv)
Judy just wasn't having that girls crap
Never understood why someone would want to steal someone else's dog. If you'd like a pet just go to the shelter and adopt. It's pretty damn easy.
notice the SECOND the dog saw him he immediately stretched his neck out to make sure it was him oh my god. Dogs really are so fucking loyal :,)
The part where he first sees him and knows it’s his owner. ❤️❤️❤️❤️
If it hadn’t been for judge Judy, John wick would have been the next guy on the list to take care of this
she really tried to say he does that to everybody. In a court FULL of people where he goes specifically to that man.
“Lost”

You mean stolen...
I live in a a neighborhood where our houses are super close and it's a dead end. We all know one another and honestly quite friendly for the part. I had a dog named bobo he was literally my life. Some asshole ran him over and just pushed him to the side of the road. Didn't even bother to call my family or anything. Fucking heartless bastard. Found out who did it too. It was my shit neighbor down the street who was a fucking druggie. So I called the cops on his ass and got him arrested. They ended up finding ounces of coke, ice, and weed in his house. Fucking piece of shit. Wish I could have ran his ass over
Its*
its*
My wife and I have a very cute half Maltese and half Yorkshire terrier (“Morkie” is what they call them). He was quite expensive. We have not and would never tie him up outside a store or coffee shop. We’ve been warned that because he’s tiny and cute and rare - he’d be as likely to get stolen as a bike leaning against a tree.

People ask us questions about him all the time which I have no problem with but sometimes it turns to “How much did he cost?”....“What does he eat?” And then “Whereabouts do ya’ll live?” We live on Fuck You Street.
The ole sardine oil shoe.
Ill never forget the one Judge Judy episode with a teenage boy and his divorced parents. He got a dog, paid for 3 ways (both parents and the boy) and the boy and dog lived with the dad. Then the boy wanted to live with mom and take the dog with. Dad said no. Which is how they ended up on Judge Judy. 

Judy sided with the dad and wouldn't let the boy take his dog to his mom's house. I was so pissed and felt so bad for the boy.
My grandmother and I stole a dog in her neighborhood. This woman kept the dog on a very short leash, jack Russell terrier. Because the dog was very underweight she slipped through her collar often and would come up to my grandmother and I when we were walking another dog. We watched the Jack Russell during a week in hurricane season. She was left out in rain and cold and dug a hole to sit in her feces and find warmth. The woman’s children would provide very little attention and when they did they were rough with her. Finally, my grandmother had enough and unleashed the dog and took her home. She was not used to drinking water from a bowl so I used a laser pointer for her to chase and lick for hydration. I spent the week trying to get her transitioned from cat food to puppy food. The vet said there was no record of her there ( we lived in a small town so it was likely the only place), she was not microchipped. Finally we came back with papers from the vet that stated her poor condition, my grandmother and I knocked on the woman’s door and told her to stop asking around about the dog. We showed her papers and told her to turn the dog over to us and we never wanted to see her own a pet again. She went on and on about not having time for the dog because she had too many kids. Yet in the end had the audacity to ask for the dog back. Nope. The Jack Russell, named Mali, was the best little guard dog and lived her best life. She brought joy to us all, especially my grandmother and her other dog. 
-Proud doggie thief
Are the cases on there real?
Its
I love how you can see the way the Judge pronounces the word "dog" even without audio
WITH SOUND
https://youtu.be/bG0a6Oy7rfA
"He does that to everybody"  
We got a room full of everybody and he's clearly only doing that to only 1 person in particular.
Judge Judy is a doll...
“He does that to everybody”

In a room full of people, the dog specifically went to that guy.
I wish this is how all custody battles worked.
it didnt do it to anybody in the audience
My dog does this to everyone in my family. She goes nuts when she hasn't seen someone she likes in a week and she sees them for the first time. I hate this video because it really is such a dumb way of determining dog ownership, yet everyone always circlejerks over it as if lots of dogs don't do this to people who aren't their owners. If my mother-in-law and I were on judge judy, my dog would do this to her. Does this make my mother in law the true owner of my dog? Of course not.
"He does that to everybody."  

Yeah, well he's not fucking doing it to anybody else in the room.
"Excuse me, your honor? Permission to take her out to the parking garage and kick her ass from to here to Friday?"

"Permission granted. Have a nice day."
link to the clip with sound  [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bG0a6Oy7rfA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bG0a6Oy7rfA)
Right owner, wrong “its”
Steal my dog? You wanna die?
Who needs King Solomon when you have judge Judy.
"He does that to everybody."

Didn't do that to you or the bitch holding it, did it?
Judge Judy is awesome. She ain't got time for BS. Love it when she destroys women who're in the wrong but play victim.
Lost dog? You mean Stolen dog.
kidnap a dog n you deserve to have your limbs amputated with a bread knife.
it is owner.
*its
Does Judge Judy play a character on tv or is she really that abrasive in real life?
So, for people who watched this: what was the women contending? Did you steal the dog? Did they date and she took him? What's the deal?
I read somewhere the man had pretended to eat mutton to impress a date the night before but stuffed it in napkins that he left in his pocket which is what the dog was responding to.
“Lost redditor immediately recognizes repost.” Upvotes anyway
I've seen several dogs wandering the streets without anyone nearby. Every time I've managed to "capture" the dog and get him into my car (with a small bribe of jerky if he is being stubborn) and either contact the owners, or take him home and care for him until I can contact the owners. The joy people have when they come to pick up their dog is reward enough, although I was offered a $100 reward once, which I accepted.
The “woman” carrying the dog knew she was going to be called out by the way she turned her back in attempt to keep the dog from seeing it’s owner.  What a piece of garbage she is, too bad there are no criminal charges brought up during this show.
Its.
We lost my dog one time, a yorkee shitzu mix so like those small cute dress up kinda dogs. And we set up flyers and some people called to tell us they saw their neighbor find our dog but didnt call us. We went over and they tried to play off the dog as their own but that dog has an insane attachment to my brother so we ended up getting her back ^^;
A dog recently wandered through our yard. It had no collar or tags, but when I tried talking to him and offered him a treat from a distance, he seemed quite docile. I was able to follow him for about 20 minutes until he wandered into a fenced in area. I was able to collar and leash him. I walked him around and found the owner. The dog got into the car quickly enough but the owner didn't seem excited. If I lost either of our dogs, I would be ecstatic if someone helped return them. If you don't want a dog, don't get a dog.
This clearly shows why Judge Judy knows what she is doing. Everytime I see this clip I upvote it. The only clip I do this for. I don't care. Repost or not (not at this point).
He does that to everybody. There are 30 people in the room and he ran to one guy. The owner.
One day this guy in our neighborhood stole our Albino Pit named Molly we'd searched the entire neighborhood but could not find her. 3 months later, the same day my brother comes home to visit, she came running down the hill and into our yard. We were guessing she got out and came straight home.
I’ll never forget when a pair of lads tried to steal my mates purebred Rhodesian Ridgeback. The thing was bigger than me and faster than a car in short bursts. We came home from the pub and found these two guys had taken refuge on the garage roof and Max (the ridgeback) and Dusty (his Rottweiler cross Great Dane) circling the garage like two sharks circling a life raft
So sweet! You'll never find a more unconditional love than with a pet. My girl crys when I leave then patiently waits for me to get home.. Little girl waits 9 hours just to see me! And she's always excited.. Can't tell u how many days I get home beat down and worn out and she instantly reminds me life ain't so bad. Super happy he got his pup back
We had a dog stolen and she’s still not back. I was devastated and still am... I am really happy to see that this man got his dog back, although I find it ridiculous they had to go to court for it. I mean, police officers could have seen this too, but I’m really happy for the man anyway
"he does that to everybody"

He didn't do it too you, bitch
Classic video, but can somebody explain to me how on a TV show like this they can *force* the woman to surrender the dog?  I assume that to appear on the TV show they have to sign some type of agreement, but do we know how binding that is?  I had always assumed (perhaps wrongly) that the participants were *paid* a certain amount, and that in "cases" where *money* was at stake, that potential losses would be offset to some degree by whatever payment they got.  Forfeiting property (this case a dog) seems different.  Can they *force* the woman to surrender the dog?  I honestly don't know how this stuff works on American TV.
Dog's saying,  "Daddy, daddy, there you are! I missed you daddy! 😚😚😚😚😚🤗🤗🤗🤗
I hate when people fight over animals, but that right their is the bond a good owner and their dog share
“hE dOeS tHaT tO eVeRyBoDy”
I'm sincerely confused, judge judy is fully staged right? Why do people comment like this is real? No sarcasm intended, I really don't know.
Man, if this every happened to my dog judge judy would think everyone in the room is the real owner of the dog
Objective question - if that guy owned the dog for a month, then walked into a court room with that woman standing there, would the dog be overly excited to see her? I’m willing to bet yes - dogs often get overly excited to see someone that they haven’t seen in a while.
PSA: Don't check OPs other posts.
Who the hell could take someone’s pet? It is literally the tier down from kidnapping.
My ex and his new girlfriend took my dog. I'm still heartbroken after one year. This video hit home real hard.
"She does that to everyone"
Lol seriously you gonna repost a post from top of all time of r/aww
I'm at the point of my self-isolation that any video of a dog makes me cry.
That Air Bud moment
That's why you should always have dog treats in your pockets
I'd be so fuckin furious if someone took my dog and then to court claiming it was theirs.
and that’s why i love judge judy
"He does that to everybody!" - Shut up, Karen.
Made me cry
I can't believe the selfishness behind the act of stealing someone's dog, cat, or any other pet. Sometimes that is all that person is living for.
Missing the best part, when the lady whispers “don’t put him down.”
meanwhile, my dog gets up and runs downstairs excited when my mom gets home, but barely lifts her head to say hi from the top of the stairs when I come in.
You can see how the dog looks and acts as soon as he sees his human 🥰
OMG, can you imagine having to go to court to get your dog back?! And the absolute RELIEF that it went this way.  My heart would be pounding. So happy. <3
I Saw the episode and apparently She bought the dog off some woman and when judge judy tells her to put it Down the woman who sold it to her kept saying "Don't do it" over and over

Like what the fuck they could get a dog like that in a shelter
'he does that to everybody' well he didn't run to you stupid.
He just had meat in his pants.

Oldest trick in the pants
This brought me to tears. I am so glad it ended happily.
I teared up in the walmart parking lot.
This make cry it's so sad
People fucking suck sometimes. Such a cute pupper. I don't know the context of this Judge Judy episode, but it appears that the dog was stolen to hurt the guy.
Wait, the dog recognizes it IS the owner? That's.....really weird!
Why would you post this without sound?
Anybody have a version with sound?
*stolen dog
Honestly, best ruling. Just “take the dog.”
My dog absolutely is like that with everybody. If she hasn’t seen someone in a couple days she goes crazy!
He was so happy to have his pup back! Oh my god, I don't know what I would do if someone stole my dog. I would be absolutely inconsolable. So glad for a happy ending!
He does that to everyone 😂😂😂
You know Judge Judy gets some shit. But I love her.
good  applicaion
Best episode EVER. Judge Judy has pups herself. The dog solved that case.
Justice is best served cold (⌐■_■)
I wonder how many times this has been reposted...
“He does that to everybody”

Didn’t do that to you, bitch. Went straight past you.
That’s why you chip dogs
“That dog does that with everybody” uhhhh yeah okay let me rolls my eyes until they get stuck behind my head because that dog has ZERO interest in the 40 people in that room but it’s nose sniffed the most familiar scent it knows and saw the face of who it loves and went crazy. That’s true companionship and love right there!
r/iamatotalpieceofshit

(the thief, obviously)
"Shes does that to everybody."
While the dog literally ran pass everybody else to get to the guy.
Lost dog ? More seems like stolen
I love this video. I could watch it a million times.
It was an open and shut case!!
You've gotta respect judge Judy she's judt like yup it's his dog not yours we're done here
Love it. How horrible are the people that steal animals out of spite? It’s so gross. So weak. I’m glad he got his puppy back (I call all dogs puppies btw:p )
best court date ever
Lost dog immediately recognizes it’s owner
Judge Judy is a dog person. She does not take kindly to people screwing with dogs.
I love judged judy. She doesn't have stupid written on her forehead.
In the sound version you hear the woman saying “no, don’t, no don’t” when just asked the woman to put the dog down. 

Because she knew she/he wasn’t hers.

Edit. A word.
 She died Inside when JJ said to put the dog down.
Damn who is cutting onions
I love how no nonsense the judge is
The nod from the judge was like yes this is his dog no need to say anything case closed
"He does that to everybody!"

It ignored literally everyone esle in the room.
So she just walked off and didn’t even sentence the people who stole the dog?
Hahahahaha. It does that to *everyone*
Lol, hearing her say “No/don’t” under her breath, bitch knew she was caught.
How would you even get a dog to do that? Sardine oil?
"He does that to everybody"

Lying piece of shit.
No audio. Downvote.
Wish this had sound. So wholesome
When Judy tells the woman who brought the dog in to put the dog on the ground, the defendant can be heard repeating "don't, don't, don't." She knew it was his dog.
The way this guy cried when he held his dog made me cry. Just a little.
A guy I know had his dog stolen out of his car he chased the guy down and got his dog back. You gotta be a low life to steal someone’s dog!!
I cry evrytym
What a good boy.
Case closed
I wish real court were as straight forward and simple as judge Judy can be.
The judge has seen enough. She is satisfied.
You don't mess with another persons dog!
People who steal dogs are on the same level of rapists and billionaires. They all should burn in a small fireplace for hours.
One of the first thing my family was told when we adopted a small dog was never, ever leave him alone or in the car because people who want puppies (or small dogs that they think are puppies) will break car windows or trespass to take them. Its so frustrating and makes me so mad
The lady who stole the dog, when is prompted to put the dog down, whispers “dont, dont, dont”. She knows she stole the dog she just evil. “He does that to everyone” except for her and everyone else besides him. Smh.
Stealing someone’s dog is one of the worst thing you could ever do to someone
If someone stole my pet, I would never be the same. Lost my cat for a week once; a pet sitter let him out, left him, and then lied saying he was in the home. That week was utter torture until a kind person caught him for me. Pet sitter told me that my cat must have run off to die. I’m lucky I got a happy ending.
I would REALLY love to give you an award, but I’m broke.
Who cut the damn onions in here!
Edit:typo
“thats it, take the dog home” *walks out*. Thats the ultimate wholesome moment
hE dOeS tHaT tO eVeRyBoDy
Hope my dog doesn’t run away he would totally go to everyone else in that court and jump up on them before he came to me.

(Nothing bad it’s just my dog is like that)
Image being that unliked that a dog you stole runs away instantly
Fuck sake the onions 🧅
I mean is it possible they both used to live together and the dog just hadn't seen him since she moved out?
Won't work if it's a cat though
If there was ever a reason to love Judge Judy even more :)
Look at the OP's post history
Stolen dog*

Fixed the title for you
Not saying it wasn't his dog but dog remembers people and if thyey haven't been around them for awhile they get super excited at their scent.  Happened to me and my friend's dog.
hE dOeS tHaT tO eVrYoNe
What's the backstory, did she steal the dog and is denying it's his missing dog?
I love when this is posted every few weeks
Whenever I think about lost puppies and dogs reuniting with their owners it just melts my heart.

Think about it: From their perspective, they don't understand our language, they don't know where we are going, and they can't possibly have any idea about our plans for the day. When they part from their owners, they can't know for certain what is going to happen. They don't know if you just went to work or if you abandoned them, if you were to be right back, staying at a friend's for the weekend or serving overseas. They don't know if went shopping or if you were to undergo a surgery with little to no chance of coming back. They really have no clue as to whether or not if we will EVER be back or if we will EVER get a chance to see them again. For all they know, every time you're away can be their last chance to see you. Ever. 

So It's not just reuniting with an old friend they didn't see for a while, a reunion with an owner is as pleasing for them as you going home to find a beloved person of your family now resurrected and smiling. But they wait anyway. It is unshakeable, unrealistic faith they choose to hold on to that, at the end of it all, they will see you again
Lmao and when I went to pick my dog up from the folks who found her she was acting like I didnt exist
Dude the judge is so smart, I'd like to be like her
Why is my face leaking :')
“He does that to everybody.”
I have seen this so many times. Still tear up every time.
I live in a big city and the local Lost Dogs page strongly encourages people to supervise their dogs when they're outside because of the high rate of dog thefts, as well as fence tampering. 

Of course, too many people don't, so there will always be dogs getting stolen or lost. Or poisoned. 

Sometimes it's a pain but we are always in the yard with our dog while he's out. Lots of weirdos walk the alley next to our house and you never know what someone will do.
Not lost dog. Stolen dog
So with this logic, my dog isn't my dog. I hate Judge Judy, she's so unprofessional.

If me and my bf split up, and my bf and my dog didn't see eachother for some time, my dog would go absolute apeshit if she got to see him again.
This bitch looks like the type that does that
That's what i like about dogs. You can be the most ugly, broke, loser but if you look after your pup, they will run to you and remain loyal
This is literally one of the top posts of all time.
LOVE JUDY
I love dogs man so pure nothing in this world like a bond between a man and his doggo
I'm not saying it isnt his dog. But of that dog hasn't seen him in a while then he would probably act like that if the dog got used to him being in his (her?) life.
That's a good boy
Mom said I can post this next month.
My dog does this to whomever she knows that she hasn't seen in a while. Bad ruling on Judy's part.
I am so sick of seeing this reposted on reddit and other sites
Good for him, but that is a Bichon Frisé and they greet everyone that petted them before like that. They just love you if you pet them and even more if you feed them. Ours switches her favorite human depending on who fed her last.
[deleted]
That is a scripted show

Who cares?
for what its worth, it very well MAY be his dog, I didn't see the episode. But just to play devil's advocate, my dog does indeed to that to complete strangers. He'll run past his family and greet the new person at the door. 

with that SAID, the dog DID target HIM instead of the other hundred people in the room. but its possible the dog KNEW him and recognized his scent but it wasn't HIS dog. Again, not saying that's the case, only playing devil's advocate
I will never understand day time television.
Seen this honestly like 10000 times now
Wasn't most of Judge Judy staged?
Regardless of the case and who is wrong, this is an absolutely idiotic measurement of “who the dog likes more”. My dog loves me but if I bring him into a room with a friend who he knows, he will do just this. He is going to run to the new person, and not stay with the person he’s been with all day

Edit; he will run to the other person, not “new”
Repost from top of all time. Shameless
[removed]
Srsly 🤣
It's a repost
What’s the context here? Like what’s the story
Lost repost immediately recognizes its original on Reddit:

https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/6tq83b/lost_dog_immediately_recognizes_his_owner_in?sort=old
Mom said it was my turn to repost this...
[removed]
I know this might sound dumb but what's this show called again?
Honestly, my older dog would go to the person with treats, and my GSD would go to the person with a tennis ball.
I own a stolen dog! She is most certainly not a purebred lol.  The short(ish) version:

- as a puppy, she lived with her first owner.  Her second owner, we’ll call him John (because that’s his name), used to see this cute puppy on his daily walk to and from work. The puppy often looked beaten or stressed, and on more than one occasion, saw it outside and seemingly unfed in terrible weather, before and after his 14-hour shifts. On one walk, he saw the owner kick the dog, and John warned him that if he ever saw the dog mistreated again, he would beat the owner harder than he beat the dog, and take the dog.  We can note here that John is a very large man.  So a few days later, he sees the same, and simply steps onto the man’s property and scoops up the dog. When the man threatens to call the cops, John simply replies that he knows where this man lives, and if they both end up in jail, he promises that he has more friends in jail than a dog-beater.

- due to personal circumstances several years later, John found himself unable to care for the dog. Through a family friend, the dog was gifted to us, where she has lived very happily for some time now.
That's so cute it's unreal! One time, I took my friend's dog for a walk out in the park. His dog was quite excitable, and always loved greeting other dogs. So, I'm walking the dog when all of a sudden out of nowhere it saw another dog that looked awfully similar to it. So it immediately starts hissing at it, which I thought was weird for a dog. I sat there in confusion at its unruly behaviour and feverish gait as I wondered what was wrong with my friends dog. It turned to me and I realised that in my stupidity, I had put the collar on a raccoon known within my local community for scavenging rather fervently through any refuse left outside over evenings and nights.

Anyway, cool ending, love Judge Judy such a cute and happy ending!
Justice was served that day  ⚖️
😭😭😭😭😭that was soooooo cute😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
My friends dogs always did this when I would see them. Theyve never lived with me and Ive never sat them. 

They just recognize me. And that I play with them. Its weird so many people think a dog being excited to see someone means that person is the owner.   

Your toddler might freak out when her favorite aunt comes over. Completely forgetting you exist. Youre still her mom.
I hate dogs but I loved this
You have just crossed over, into the ~~Twilight~~ Repost Zone.
FUCK JUDGE JUDY
this is so beautiful. . .  


iv stared at it for hours. . .  


LOL this is an amazing amazing one <3<3 i cant believe it...  the best thing ill see all week im sure of it
The dog is owner of what?
1) this is a repost
2) somehow I don’t think you meant to say the dog recognizes it is owner
Don't forget judge judy backed bloomberg when he was running and called bernie sanders a joke
What's the story behind this case?
I’ve seen this show before but what happens here? I stopped watching a while ago
I love Judge Judy.
Fuck yes man
*stolen
Dog don't lie !!!
isn't this reality tv?
I've always thought of the situation where I'd run into a lost dog. I'd make every effort I can to help this dog get back to its family, there's people hurting out there mahn
Judge Judy is having absolutely NONE of your shit today.
I like this woman.
"lost"
When I tell you I actually started crying-
The tears in his eyes. So much love. So pure.
No further questions, your honor.
r/it_is
Lol
Lol she said "she does that to everyone"
Tears just came out...
And that piece of shit tried the "oH hE dOeS tHaT tO eVeRyBoDy"
This made me unreasonably happy.
They should have a law where if you steal a mans dog you get to beat the living fuck out of that person.
I swear I’m not crying
Hhe does that to everybody? Why isn't he doing it to you, or Bird, or Judge Judy?
who fucking steals a dog? i hope this woman gets cancer.
Didn’t know Dave Chappelle lost his dog once
Man my heart gettin all the feels on this one.
This just made my day aww such a bundle of fluff
Done deal!
I know it’s obvious by the dog’s reaction, but is that really enough to say “case closed” in a real trial? Real question...I don’t know much about how court cases are run.
Open and shut case Johnson
Sociopath pieces of shit. The real owner clearly was recognized and loved by that dog. The liars should be jailed.
The pure look of joy and excitement on both of their faces will never get old to me.
No sound??
What a relief.  I was worried that they were going to cut the dog in half
Does anyone have a link to the full episode?
I've seen this so many times, but I tear up every friggin' time.
I really have a hard time processing what kind of person that woman is!?
That’s savage to see the judge saying “take the dog home”.
Can I ask a weird question, what if that dog was just excited to see someone he knows? Dogs love easily and my friends dog tries jumping out of the car to see me. They use to live together so that dog has a family attachment to both people. Is it possible it was just an excited animal? Or maybe these court hearings are just fake?
What's the story behind this?
this literally made me cry omg
Judge Judy is an icon
😢
beautiful
Gets me every time!
> Put the dog down

NO GOD PLEASE NO
I've seen this repost atleast 20 times and always wondered how real that is. Is that lady a real judge or is it a reality show?
r/WatchPeopleDieInside
How many times are we going to see this report omggg
I had my shih tzu stolen when my parents were dog sitting while I was at work. Sad day
Judge Judy don’t fuck around.
When I'm at the dog park I REALLY have to watch after my dogs because I often get people who come up to me and ask if they're mine/if they're adoptable. I even had someone almost walk out with my youngest, trying to get them to follow them. They're both pure breed huskies.
That was so touching.  I lost my own small, white dog in 2005 and I still feel moved when I see clips like this.
To be fair, I have a shelter dog that was returned twice; she responds that way to anyone who acts remotely nice to her.
Classic Judy episode lmao 

That lady really tried to act like that reaction from a dog wasn’t legit
Why I never took my dog with me during shopping or whatever. So scared she would get stolen.
I freaking love judge Judy!
Lol fucking lying bitch.  “He does that to everybody”
Awwww
This is heartwarming but it also freaks me out because my dog really DOES do that with everybody.
Ok so i saw this video a lot of times.
It's real? The judge and all the stuff? I mean, its just a show or she can make a legal court resolution?
Sorry for my bad english.
If someone took my dog, i really feel like i might claw their damn eyes out. I’m glad this had such happy ending. What a beautiful boy.
I cried every time
"He does that to everybody" oh my fuck
No sound
This reminds me of the end of Air Bud.
The nature in divine intervention. Ah, there's all the proof you'll need from a man's best friend! God bless all the animals who show pure love everlasting!
I can’t wait to go home and hug my dogs. 😭
It's sick to think that people would steal someone's dog.
Poor baby missed her **human companion.**
Dogs do this to anyone they have a positive relationship with and haven’t seen for a while. I can’t say this wasn’t the right decision but the dogs reaction doesn’t really prove he was the main owner.
"Lost"? Google the word "stolen", OP.
The best video ever
Someone needs to steal that lady's weave.
This thing is litteraly a repost of the 6th top of all time on this subreddit
Awww which episode is that, I want to see the full episode
Judge Judy is the shit.
This makes me want to cry
One day I’ll decide to repost one of the most popular posts of all time on reddit and see how it goes....
Im gunna be so sad when she retires this year.
Hey does anyone know what this episode was called?
"He does that to everybody"

Fat cow.
cute as hell
Lost is a weird way to spell stolen
Every once in a while, her rulings are bullshit.

But more often than not, she’s fucking awesome.
Is this a legal, government court or is it that the participants sign a contract agreeing to follow her ruling?
Great now I’m crying thanks
Legit question: do people believe that all this is real? Like she’s actually judging etc?
My last two dogs have been neighborhood strays.  I took them in, checked for chips, put up flyers with their picture, cleaned them up and held out hope their owner would show up.  Neither ever did, but I still tried.  I gave both dogs an amazing life and when I think about what went before I got them I cringe, because either there was a good, heartbroken owner who missed their pup or a shithead who didn’t care that they were missing.
They know their families
I upvoted this about a year ago & dammit I upvoted again! 

Thanks Reddit.
I love Judge Judy
/u/vreddit_bot
Repost, but not a damned thing wrong with that!! :)
Where can I find this episode?
I hope people realize how fake these shows are: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eEkF40iyb78

https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/5dta0i/people_who_appeared_on_tv_judge_shows_like_judge/
r/pussypassdenied
Cat immediately recognizes it is owner
Stolen dog. Ftfy
I never fail to stop scrolling and watch this. Animals are amazing. People who say they don't have good memories are silly.
Nice try reposting. This is literally the 6th in top of all time on this subreddit. You are lucky that the user deleted their account and I can't call him
Open and shut case!
Wish I could give this post an award


So have this
ಥ‿ಥ
*its
When people talk about wether you should engage with trolls I always think of this lady saying “He does that with everybody” after the dog ran over and jumped for joy at its owner. Some people will never ever engage with truth. They will always lie and only aim for what served them best. Good to keep this in mind.
With the audio you can hear her lawyer whisper “no no don’t” after being told to put the dog down
I've seen this before on this sub
Judge Judy has seen it all lol. She doesn't take any shit
Does anybody know what episode this is?
Snoop in to this, just saying.
I love judge Judy!  She's one tough cookie
This is why its very important to train and nurture your pets
And I'm angry and crying now. Lol who steals people's dogs fuckin garbage humans
My dog would run up to anybody in my tribe that she knows and say hi enthusiastically if I brought her over and sat her down.  Don't mean it ain't my dog.
That lady's a piece of shit
You may pet your dog
😭😭😭
Wholesome 100
The wisdom of Solomon.
Dogs don't lie
“Lost dog immediately recognizes it is owner,” does not make sense. What is he the owner of?
with audio before she puts the dog down the plaintiff said don't like 10 times
Wow two different people repost this. Gotta get that karma.
I was always terrified of the possibility of my dog being stolen. He was a rare, pretty expensive breed (Komondor) and he always had people swoon over him when I took him out. But, he was 130 lbs, had a big scary bark and a distrust of strangers so good luck trying to kidnap that.
Aww
Aww
When my ex and I broke up she kept the dog because “You can’t break up with me and take her too.” 

I was the one the rescued her, cared for her, loved her and brought her out of her shell. Years later I got to see her for just a night... she never forgot me, and it killed me twice over to have to say goodbye again to my little PenPen.

💔
This is my all time favorite Judge Judy moment.
u/vredditdownloader
It takes a special kind of sh*tty human to steal someone else’s dog just for the human’s benefit. Not the dog’s.
😍🥰😢😘😍😍😍
I feel like I need to add that they hopped my fence to get to him. I was in absolute shock.
Bitch tried to steal his dog. I would definitely sue
I remember this episode.
Was he the defendant
*and now for another quick mystery*
This made me say aww out loud 😭🥰
First time I saw this i just started balling.
Judge Judy should be in the Justice League
With sound plz?
“He does that to everybody”
K then why’d he run past like 30 people to say hi to that one specific person
I've had dogs I've never seen react like this to me. Even ones that "don't like strangers".
The judge seems like she is not taking more shit
How many times is this going to reach the front page?
Is it just me or does the lady coming in with the dog look like an overweight maya rudolph?
No matter how old I will get, no matter what I will live through, I have one conviction: the pure love and loyalty of a dog towards his master, and the way they express it without any shame, without holding anything back, will never fail to bring a tear to my eye.
Probably had treats. Spoiled the dog. This doesn't prove the dog is his. Just proves the dog likes him.
I wish this would've happened when some people stole my nieces dog.
ngl though, that's what my dog does to everyone, destroys my heart everytime.
*its owner
I hope judge Judy outlives me
r/JudgeJudy
Is this the fastest judgement in history?
Its obvious the dog has Stockholm syndrome
This is one of the few times I love Judge Judy...
Was there punishment for ursula?
>he does that for everyone 

I wish judge Judy had said, “Ok, let’s run a little test then.”

It’s a super easy claim to test and that would have shut down any doubt (if any at all remained).  Like a final nail in the coffin.
Judge Judy FTW. Legendary moments
I'm not crying. You're crying!
Oh my gosh. It looks like my late dog Roxy! (She died last year at age 16)
nice
~~Pat~~ pick up the danm dog
Lmao well there you go
People who steal dogs are gonna end up in hell and I'll be the one dishing out the pain.
 because having sound makes everything worse
This is a pretty petty case, but anything goes on television...
Man... that so cute
So the lady found the dog and just didn't give it back
I need the audio to this clip
Judge Judy the god
I want to watch the full version
Judge Judy, damn I love that lady
This is why I love Judge Judy so much. It's just swift no bs justice in its purest form. She cuts through all stories and lies and does the right thing every time, it's amazing to watch.
Thankfully the dog is back to its owner
"He does that to everybody". You gotta be a truly crappy person to say that... Just evil
“Fine. We’ll let Gary decide”
Or... It knew him hadn't seen him in a while and was excited to see him. My parents dog does this when I get home, but it's not my dog.
Common sense prevails.
The judge's reaction should be on r/nextfuckinglevel
This made me blubbering crying mess... love he got his dog back
Is it fair to say that I cried a little?
1 - Get your dog chipped.  2 - Let the service expire.  3 - If your dog goes missing pay the fee to turn the chip back on.  4 - Go get your dog.
God I love judge Judy
Reposting this without sound makes no sense. Op you are a monster!!! 😉
/u/vredditshare
*its owner
Anyone have this clip with audio?
Judge Judy is a boss.
r/justiceserved
*its
He dOeS tHaT to EvErYBoDy
He does that to everyone she says....scum.  Anyone that steals a dog should have a super harsh punishment cause for lots of us that's stealing our fucken family member ffs.  If you take good care of your dog he/she can live easily to 16 years old...that's a long ass time, so it's not like a fucking pet fish or something.
We've got a Bichon as well, and it's basically biocoded to my wife. If she's not home, the dog becomes depressed and will do nothing but look out the window for her. I knew dogs could be loyal, but this is another level. I can't recommend Bichons enough as family pets: loyal, not yippy, not big energy requirements, don't shed, generally not food aggressive, good with kids, etc. When ours passes, we'll likely get another. Can't imagine not having one in our lives now.
Brb, fucking crying!!!
Damn he took this to court? I would have tossed that bitches house at 3am.
My cat would probably look the other way and ignore me
Dog-stealing jerk: He does that to everyone.
Judge Judy: you a goddamn lie!
That would not work with my cat. He does nothing!
are those real court cases?
Bro that woman was clapping after seeing the dog go back to him xD
A lady stole out pekineese and took it to her mothers so we never got to see it again. 

The most heartbreaking story I have is about my neighbors dog named Bandit. The neighbors didnt like him and he was always down at our house. I was 9 or 10. Every day he was down there. And the neighbor knew I loved him more than anything. He was around for a year before he upped and disappeared. I went to the neighbor asking what happened to him and he said he gave him to a guy up the road. I was devastated. One day I was late for school and my papaw came to pick me up. Just as we were leaving the house and was picking up speed, we passed Bandit coming to my house. He stopped and we stared at each other as I passed. I remember wanting to say stop and go back but I was trained to never say anything to adults and be grateful they did anything for me at all. I never seen him again. That last stare between between us is etched in my memory forever. 

The neighbor ended up being my bus driver and having it out for me. Now that I'm older, I realize he hated my parents and took it out on me. Also another neighbor swore up and down months before I seen Bandit that last time, that she had watched him get hit by a car and then stayed with him, holding him down till he died. I didnt believe her cause she also hated my guts as a child (differentish reasoning). I remember feeling vindicated that I got to see him alive and confirm she was lying. But I always wish I'd gotten to pet him one last time and say goodbye.
R/justiceserved
AL
Judge judy is the goat!
Repost? Look at the top of all time on this sub
I think I might have remembered seeing this as a kid or sometime in the past. My mom watched a *lot* of Judge Judy in the afternoons.
The possessive of it is its, not "it's". Delete this and try again. Or delete it and don't try again, since you're just karma-farming top all-time and that's inexcusable.
So dusty in here....
Try that with a cat...
where's the fucking sound, this is a shit tier repost.
Why no audio?
For the disableds out there, this show is and has always been scripted. Everyone is paid ahead of time and the outcomes are predetermined.
I'll never take the time to watch Judge Judy. I am however glad people share clips from the show.
There I go chopping onions at close range again.
Mom said it’s my turn to post this!
She gots the Karen haircut as well
If i saw the person who stole my dog I don’t know how I would react besides aggressively
Judge Judy has been handing folks the business for decades. Why do people still think they can pull a fast one on her?
well that was a short trial...
Ultra repost
Was it too difficult to post this with audio?
Judge Judy, certified compassionate badass
You know this is all fake right? The dog is super cute but this is as scripted as Jerry Springer
I don't know. My dog is my dog, but if I'm out on a walk with her and we run into my girlfriend, she'll go nuts. Same if it's the other way around. She gets super excited at first to be with my girlfriend, and then she'll go back to being by my side. I just feel like this is an incomplete picture of what's going on. (In this situation, it's likely that the dog is the man's. But I just feel like without any context this isn't the right way to decide whose dog it is.)

Like, imagine you're hanging out with one of your best friends who you spend all of your time with. Then the two of you run into your other good friend. You're both happy to see them, so for a moment all of your attention turns to them. And then when that initial excitement of seeing them goes away, you're back to being happy to be with your best friend again.
Is there no audio?
' He does that to everybody' LOL
LOL
His owner, not it's owner.
Judge Judy wouldn’t have had to tell me to pick up my dog.  I would’ve grabbed him and ran.  We all know she made the right decision.  I watched it when it was originally aired and cried like a baby.  Now I’m crying again.  

The other people were attached to the dog and I’m sure it was being treated well.  I hope they were able to find a new pet.
I remember this scene from AirBud xD
u/vredditdownloader
Judy Judy pulling out a King Solomon solution
Ah, is this post again...i guess the month has turned
[deleted]
He does that to everybody lol
I’m not crying you’re crying nerd
Say what you want about Judge Judy but she's legit a badass. I always thought her verdicts were fair. Her angry recess teacher attitude is the best!
Awww this was so cute!! The man and his dog looked so happy
Good dog.
