And I'm sure her mailman loves her back. I bet it's a highlight of his day to give pets and a treat to her.
That is the true spirit of a Golden Retriever. They love to love and be loved.

Edit: Yeah, okay, they love treats too. But still, they are loving, loyal four legged humans.
My dog doesn’t even get that excited to see me!
Awww, so sweet!
Trying to figure out the finger point. I think he was telling her not to bark, which is so sweet in its own way. Wants her to be a better dog
[deleted]
I wish my mailman rubbed my stomach and brought me treats
What a good girl sitting like that and not jumping even though she is SO excited!!
This veteran mailman knows who really runs the neighborhood and comes prepared with plenty of snacks.
My golden is just like this with our postman. She remembers him from when she was a puppy and he used to walk his dog in the park. She gets so excited when she sees he’s nearly at our house and he always stops to pet her, even if he hasn’t got post for us
The goodest girl
Heart = full
She's very excited but knows to stay down and not jump up on the mailman. Good girl.
Is this Bernie Sanders new job?
It's a golden... they love everyone!
My dad’s a mailman and has “his” dogs on his route. I think he can name every one of them. I’ve been begging for a dog for years and he’ll tell me he has plenty. He buys treats and keeps them in his van just for them. It’s super sweet
Looks like Bernie Sanders has bounced back quickly
Ha!!! I feel just like that dog when I see the delivery guy....oh ya, give me my stuff I just ordered, plz,plz,plz.
Source:  ellenmpaul on instagram
This is so heartwarming, it made my day!
How do I give a million up-votes???
Bernie Sanders as the mailman?
It’s because she knows he isn’t sleeping with the masters wife
this. makes my day. so wholesome
He seems so kind !
I’m way too hormonal for this right now.
I love when dogs get this excited.
brb, changing my career to mail deliverer
Honestly, just watching scenes like this can help us get through our days..
Well that made me forget about all my problems.
The most phenomenal thing about this is that the dog doesn't jump. I'm so used to seeing poorly trained dogs on the internet that I was bracing for it the whole time with that elderly postal worker. Kudos to the dog's owners for that.
As much as I love this..PLEASE put your dogs on leashes.
The cutest worst guard dog ever!
I'm from the UK... do all of your mail vans look like that?! I know we can't talk with the funny taxis but still, that looks like a lego car.
 Bernie the mailman
Cute dog. But why isn’t anyone saying anything about an off leash dog in a residential neighborhood? It’s extremely irresponsible. I have an anti social dog and off leash dogs are the bane of our walks. Also you don’t know if a pedestrian is scared of dogs because of a traumatic experience. Also letting your dog run around off leash is how dogs get run over.
Newman
Can this become a Pixar film!
Tied for first place with many good boys and girls.
I needed something this sweet today, thank you!
Awwww!
This is so cute and sweet
Holy shit that's a really well behaved golden.
The best dogs so loving
this is so precious :)
I love them both
If that isn't happy i don't know what is
Good on her owners to teach her not to jump up on people when she's excited!
I said it before I'll say it again we don't deserve dogs.
This is very cute, but be aware that dogs can be carriers of covid-19. While they may not get sick, they could theoretically get you sick. Stay safe!
Is it crazy that I thought immediately oh this must be from pre-covid? I see an elderly gentleman with no gloves or protective apparel at all, touching a dog and everyone’s mail. Is that how shit is going to be in the future?
That dog is so well trained. He is excited but still doesn't jump or do anything to invade the mailman space.
That is a very polite pupper.
She is so well behaved/trained. Look at her sitting before pets instead of jumping in his face like most dogs.
My grandpa has a dog named Winnie, I’m not sure if she’s a golden though
Shame he dropped out of the democratic nomination
Wow. Bernie Sanders is now delivering the mail?
Such a good girl not jumping on him and sitting for her treat.
Is that Bernie?
The perks of delivering mail!
As a mail carrier I would be remiss if I didn’t point out that what this carrier is doing is strongly discouraged and in some cases disciplined for, so it’s probably best not to put these kinds of videos online.

Your dog may be the sweetest dog in the world but if it learns to approach the mail truck and always expects to get a treat it may turn into a bad day for the carrier that fills in when this guy is off.
Bert the mailman loves his Golden. FTFY.
MELT
And I love winnie
Quarantine life making us go nuts over any social interaction
r/animalsbeingbros
MY GOLDEN DOES THIS TOO AND WE’VE NEVER SEEN ANOTHER ONE DO THIS BEFORE
I also have a Winnie the Golden! So sweet!
No wonder, it's Bernie Senders
Bernie Sanders just hooked up your dog!
I didn’t know Bernie sanders delivers mail too!
I was expecting the mailman to put the mail in her mouth to take to the front door.
Nice to see Bernie got a new job fast ;)
Cute. I ship them.
Tippytaps!
Can mailmen expense dog treats? I hope they can
A very rare thing indeed.
Oh my god ;-;

All mighty please bless their souls. Both of them!

♥
Dang Bernie Sanders is everywhere.
Although I don’t own one I’ve been around so many. 
I’m pretty sure they love anyone who will say hello. 
I’m sure there are rare cases but I’ve never personally been around one with a mean bone in it’s body. Such a lovable breed. One drawback though. Just like a German shepherd the sight of a tennis ball ADD kicks in and nothing else matters. Haha

Great video
🙏🏻
The mailman was going to give the doggy a Boop 😆
It's good to know that Bernie Sanders already moved on.
Boop
HE BOOPED THE SNOOT!!!
Now I get why Bernie Sanders was so obsessed with post offices.
Named after Winston Churchill I presume?
TREAT<3!
My mum is a postie, she carries dog biscuits in her van for the fluffos.
NUMAN!
When the guy first pointed at the dog i was thinking he said”listen here you little shit”
Winnie the Pooch
I didn’t know Bernie Sanders wasn’t a delivering mail now.  Cool.  

/s
All my mail man does is send me hate mail about my dogs barking at him in the fenced back yard. He continues to tell us how he feels threatened by their barking and if it doesn't stop, he will stop delivering mail to our home and list us as a hostile address. I have talked to the postmaster for our area. they are "Investigating" both sides. Guess I'll have to go down to the post office to get my mail from now on. because I can guess who the PM will support. Hint, It's not going to be the people at the address.
Awwww! I love this!
that was bernie sanders petting goldie and giving her a treat
If he fed me every day I'd love him too
Wow. I was worried the pole would stand on the line of sight the whole time.
She's trying sooooooooooooo hard to behave
He brings her treats!
I love my mailman too
That's awesome 👍 thanks for sharing.
I see now that Bernie Sanders is out of the race he's taking a job with the postal service!
This is super wholesome <3
good
I know Bernie dropped out of the presidential race, but he’s already delivering the mail?!?
This made my day
So very cute
The van looks like it is straight from 60s. I love it
This is so sweet!
As sweet as this is.... ole boi should at least be using that lap harness.
Bernie? That you?
Didn't realize Bernie was a postman.
Smart Mailman
Is that... Bernie 🤔?
Someone as to tell me why is mailman not the best job.
HE GOT TREATS FOR WINNIE OMG 🥰
Thank you I needed this.
What a nice mailman and pup!
What a good girl
That's why Golden Retrievers are the best
Joe Biden the mailman
that's Bernie of course she loves him
Now to find one handing out tacos.
We love you!
That looks super dangerous. Dog could easily be hit by a car on that street
My dog does that to all mail trucks she sees and think they are the treat wagon
It's my cake day
And her mailman loves her right back.
My dad was a mailman for 30 years.  He always kept dog treats with him while he worked.
You’re a good man thank you 

This made my day
Who the hell is peeling onions when I'm tryin' to watch a GIF? Damn you...
The mailman probably asks the Golden retriever if it is being a good boy/girl to the owner and rewards it with a treat. Can't imagine this boss has any bad dogs on its route.
When he was pointing at her I can just hear him saying “have you been a good girl ??”
That made my day.
Nothing to deliver but love and affection today I guess.
Bernie Sanders works as a mailman, too? This is how Bernie would be as mailman.
OMG! She is adorable!!
Man Bernie is back on his postal route!

I can’t believe that only a day after dropping out he’s already back at work!
Winnie the Pup

Winnie the Pup

Funny little puppy all fluff and stuff
Man, cartoons lied to me about dogs and mail carriers. I wonder if anything else was a lie.
God I love goldens.
I'm not sure which is more "aww" inspiring... The dog or the mail carrier bringing the dog a treat.
That's fucking beautiful.
Wow Its only been 24 hours and Bernie already has another job. Good for him
Winnie the Pooch?
Her wee dance when she sees the van!
u/vredditdownloader
Wholesome ❣
Awww she is super adorable and just wants to spread her love.
And the mailman loves Winnie!
I love him too! He carries treats? Big woof for you!
Thought of that the dog also could have took the car and drive away? Me irl
Well that didnt take long for Bernie to switch careers
Cutest love story ever!
What a sweet baby.
I see that Bernie moved on fast.
love this video <3
Sweetness.
r/mademesmile
Touched my heart!❤️
Awwww.  I love him too, Winnie.  He’s good and so are you
Cute doggo does a mail!
Dogs are the best. Lucky.
Is the name golden named after her golden heart
I want a job that cruises around delivering packages and letting good dogs. Too bad they don’t pay a livable wage.
I would also love my mailman if he was bernie sanders.
As a fellow golden owner: this is the epitome of what a golden is like, she is so perfect. 

  
     
As an emergency veterinarian: please be careful with her off leash near the street! You probably saw the mailman coming, checked the streets free of cars, and made sure it was safe, but for people who want to copy this experience: PLEASE don't make a habit of this unless you can guarantee their safety.
The mailman seems to like Winnie, just a bit, too. I love how she sat down and waited once he started getting out of the truck, so polite.
I don’t “love” my mailman but it’s been 12 years and it’s getting close to it.
A good doggo and mailman relationship. Amazing
USPS Mailmen are just the best people!
Damm that's sweet!!
I cried
Don’t goldens love everyone?
Omg this is me on my route for sure. Lol
Winnie the Pooch!
The bestest girl. <3
He didn't even have any mail! Probably goes out of his way to take his pupper break.
Mailman looks like Bernie Sanders
I want a golden retriever so bad
I'm glad the mailmen and dogs finally put their differences aside and signed that peace treaty
WHYYYYYY.... DO WE NOT..... HAVE AN INTERNATIONAL DOOOOOOG..... DAAAAAAAY?!!!!

Seriously you guys?
Is that BERNIE?!
psssh. Show a golden who *doesn't* love someone...
I saw this went awww was then read the subreddit name
Is no one talking about how Winnie the Golden almost got hit by the mailman’s truck?
When I was a mailman this sweet old lab lady named Onyx would come bounding out of her house to see me. Once her owner caught up, she would give Onyx a piece of junk mail to carry inside. She was always so proud to carry her piece of mail.
Love that he has the bone in his pocket before he even rolls up!
We had a mailman like this that always carried treats, and my dogs loved him. Then, a new guy started who didn't bring treats. The combination of a stranger and no treats drove the dogs to despise the new mailman. Poor guy never stood a chance.
Poor Bernie Sanders. Look at him now, out there delivering mail LOL
u/Vredditdownloader
What a Sweetie. Golden Retrievers are some of the most wonderful dogs, ever.
This is cute and I know it’s their front yard but I really dislike people who let their pets free like that.
I love the duality of mailmen and dogs, on one hand I’ve always seen mailmen love dogs and shower them in treats and love... on the other hand all the I swear I see so many random things about how vicious and hostile dogs are towards mailmen
I was so confused like how he was gonna open that door with a post in the way...
So I retire in 10 years and I'll be 41.

I want to work at CP part time after that for this reason.  Walk around all day and possibly deal with dogs? 

Fuck. Yes.
My brother in law is a mailman and he loves to tell us stories about the dogs he sees regularly. Some of them are super scary and protective of the house and some love him and can’t wait to go say hello.
Bernie, is that you?
I accidentally hit one in the head with the scanner. She came in behind me. I felt bad when she rolled over for belly rubs.
Bernie's your mailman?!
Our mailman has dog treats for our dogs.  My chihuahua chases his truck down the street and jumps in for a treat.
She is spoiled by her family and the mailman.😆
Fuck yes i got a treat
Thanks for sharing! So sweet! ❤️
Love!! What a good baby and a wonderful mail man!!
That’s it, I’ve found it. That’s the job I want to do.
Whenever the UPS driver comes to our house, the guy will give my dog a treat. Well the other day when my dog was on a walk she saw the UPS truck and just sat right in the middle of the road waiting for him to give her a treat. My parents had no idea what she was doing 😂
Is it just me or does he look like Bernie
What a chaotic tail wag!
He booped the snoot
Aww.  Our lab used to love to visit our mail carrier.  Now we have a new one who is afraid of dogs.   He can't understand why he can't go get hugs from the carrier now.
Bernie Sanders? Is that you?
Bernie is finally living his dream
Glad Bernie got a back up plan.
Omg so sweet. Look how she sits for him, just waiting for her belly rubs 🥰
Goldies love everyone
Wow! Cartoons are getting more and more life-like!
That is beautiful
So, Bernie Sanders is your mailman?
He had a treat 😭
I think she also loves the treats. 
Heard that carriers aren't supposed to touch or go near dogs legally because of something happens usps can be liable??  Not sure. But I don't think this old guy cares because he's prob a day away from retiring and could give a fart
Glad to see Bernie Sanders is staying involved in the Federal government
I love how he already had the pocket treat ready to go <3
Aww cute
Soooooo adorable!!!
u/GifReversingBot
It must be his personality.
Hi, my name is Doug! I've only just met you and I love you!
Wait mailboxes are a thing
At least Bernie still got a govt job....
Is anyone else kind of sad that an old man still has to work at his age?
The little point from the mail man I can only imagine being him saying "who's a good boy/girl" to that cute golden dogo
Winnie the Golden's mailman lover her too
Gorgeous.
Surprising voice 😂😂
Needed that while sitting at work. That made my day.
This is the most wholesome thing I have ever seen
I love that she gets it when he seems to not be able to bend right down to pet her and sits up a bit for pets. 😂
Goldens love everything
This is so beautiful and wholesome. I’d love me job if I had this beautiful soul to greet me everyday. :”3
Jealous of Winnie’s ability to talk to strangers.
This is the best thing I’ll see all day on my phone
Hii. Can someone walk me thru how to upload a video on here pls. New to the site and u sure how. Please and thank you in advance.
all about them scoobie snax
I wonder if she'll love the fedex private mailman that replaces him when the GOP intentionally lets the USPS run out of money.
What a fucking GOOD BOYYY.
So fucking wholesome. I might just explode from the wholesomeness.
Winnie was the name of the dog I had growing up!
Winnie the pooch?
Mmmm snacks!!
Thanks bro, u just warmed my heart and filled my eyes. Thanks
Puppers are one of my favorite things about delivering for FedEx.
How can people not like dogs. How is this possible?
Letter carrier life hack: Many pros carry dog treats to help make friends (or quick exits from enemies).
Awe! They both seemed so happy to see eachother :)
My shih tzu would immediately run away if I left him outside like that
I thought they were arch enemies
No wonder, he cheated! He gots them treats
#DEAR WINNIE,

#WHAT THE HECC

#WE NEED TO TALK BOUT U BEIN NICE TO MAIL HOOMAN.

#SINCERE,

#🐶 DOG UNION 🐶
I love that he even had a treat for her! This is so pure and wholesome oh my goodness
He straight booped her on the nose.
u/VredditDownloader
I love that he goes straight for a snoot boopin. ❤️
So much love <3
Probably one of the high points of both their days!
It's good to see Bernie taking up a new hobby
I take my dog to work, and she loves the UPS man. He’s such a nice guy and carries brings her treats. Dogs make everything better.
Me as a mail man, stopping to pet every dog.
Bernie Sanders already got a job as mailman? That’s awesome!
I needed that wholesomeness in the middle of all of this.
I love her mailman too!
My stone cold heart is melting
It's tradition to say we don't deserve dogs. But I think now we don't deserve mail people.
Doggo loves his biscuits
My favorite part about my job is all my doggo friends throughout the week
My yorkipoo, also named Winnie, goes crazy barking at the mailman she wants all the pets
Love that he starts it with a boop. Then play. Then treat. Efficient loving right thar.
Thank you u/mac_is_crack
"The treat mobile is here!!!"
So precious
I can die happy now.
The fact that he even had a treat for the dog made my heart melt
Bernie got a new gig already?
This is so pure
Winnie is a mith buster
We had a golden that would get horrible hot spots every spring and would get shaved around them by the vet so we could put her ointment on. One afternoon she disappeared, my brother and I, both teens, were panicking because our dad loved that dog more than us. We found her across the street at the post office with a ton of people loving on her. I clipped her leash on and said what's wrong with you people she looks like she has mange!!! And took her home. She was so happy for the love. She was a good dog.
That's just wrong. They are natural enemies like Brits and Scots or Scots and Scots..
I can’t fucking handle this cuteness.  Ow
This dog probably makes this mans day! (And vice versa)
when treat you have, dog's heart is yours!!
Later on when he gets back to the mail enter.


The boss: Hey how comes you stopped at the his house for an hour.

Him: doggo??
He gots the treats! She ain’t stupid!
Ohhh she soo good💖
So cute
FedEx driver here: there’s a few dogs like that in my route...a few go in my truck actively looking for treats too...
Why am I crying?
Bernie drives a mail truck huh
As soon as I saw the dog's reaction to the mailman, I was like "He's going to give that dog a treat. He *always* gives this dog a treat."

Winnie doesn't love her mailman.  Winnie loves treats.
Smart dog haha!
That is SO COOL!!! I love her wiggle butt & what a great guy too!! Awesome...makes my soul smile!! ♥️
This is like straight out of a cartoon omg love this so much!
Oh how the turntables...
Omg I love how the mailman gave her a treat too that’s so adorable!!
I’d love my mailman too if he was Bernie Sanders!
Well I love Winnie the Golden.
Wholesome
Ahhh yes, pre coronavirus.
And he loves her
Plot twist: the mailman is Bernie Sanders
I love how you can see that he brought that treat specifically for that pup..... I guarantee you he looks forward to seeing that puppy as much as that puppy looks forward to seeing him this is just an awesome relationship
Somewhere down the line dogs switched from the stereotype of attacking the mailman to being their best friend and the world has been so much more wholesome because of it
I always wondered how true was the mailman-vs-dog trope.  Are there mailmen on Reddit who had bad experiences with out-of-control dogs?  What do you guys do because everyone needs mail?
That's so cool. I have never seen a dog happy to see the mailman
Sure does
This is why I want to be a delivery driver.
That mailman is old-school cool!
I love this.
Very Nice Bro
My Pyr Pyr tries to eat anyone that comes in the gate. Mail man included.
I love Goldens. They're so friendly. Just so happy about...well everything.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Also Kudos to the mailman for being awesome and giving the goodboi a treat!
THIS IS SO FUCKING AWESOMENESS!!
He booped the golden snoot. ♥️
How in gods name is that dog so well behaved to sit the whole time. I swear my golden clobbers those he loves in an over enthusiastic, good intentioned jumping fit 🤦‍♀️
My goldens name is Winnie also!
That was wholesome
this made my day and I can't stop smiling
r/goldenretrievers
Wow cutest thing I've seen today.
I needed to see this today.
Now I see why Bernie dropped out!
Such a smart pet always alert ❤️
If that damn door didn't slide open, I was 100% reporting the carrier.
So that's what Bernie Sanders is doing now
I love Goldens. In my experience they're as sharp as a furry brick, but so eager to please and easy to train (with food) that it only adds to the charm.
I had no idea Bernie Sanders delivered your mail.
As a person who brought painful bills I imagine life of good when golden shows up
There’s the treat!
Oh no! Bernie!!!
Is that Bernie Sanders’ day time job??
My labradoodle was the same way. Once she tried to get in the mail truck; the mailman gave her pats and treats, as usual. Then I started to walk away - she laid down and refused to move! If there was another mailman, she would be very disappointed. And she would get very eager around most white vans :-)  I do miss her...
That little spin of happiness. Lordy.
This is so lovely!!
Is that Bernie Sanders?
Leave your mailman a little snack and a thank you from her. We leave stuff in the mailbox for our mailman and one time I saw her eat some of the popcorn I left in there for her. I thought sad she was hungry (I mean I don't know why I thought that but I did) I leave her treats at holidays now.
The mailman survived another day without getting bit in the ass.
Me as a mailman.
Bernie Saunders is your mail man!? Fab!
When she spun around awww
My dog also loves the mailman! So sweet and pure
This is so sweet!
Looks like Bernie got a side gig.
I miss this archetype of delivery person, like the milkman and ice cream man, used to see them a lot in media portrayed as happy good people everyone loves to have around. But now that idea has fallen off due to other movie and our society as a whole
I love that before he gives any pets or treats he boops the nose!
Slice of life 🤙
Wait I know this dog!!
Literally what you read in the stories in real life!
This is way too sweet for me to handle. I just can't.
I LOVE that she is behaved and doesn’t jump. As soon as I figure out how I will upload pics from dogs that are aggressive or allowed to knock me down while delivering. More dogs are like that then they are like this good girl. At least in rural Oregon.
I miss my golden so much.  Her last year or so, her behavior started to get erratic.  Then one day she collapsed and was gone in a couple of hours. But she gave us many years of love and loyalty.   She was a special one. RIP Roma.
Where did y’all get her? I gave my golden up for adoption years ago and that was her name lol I wouldn’t believe this is her. My ex wife gave her away while I was deployed. Tell me that’s the story and make my day?
Thank you! I will reach out and if nothing else have a fitting ending to the story so I know she is happy and healthy. God bless 🙏🏻
Bernie Sanders delivers you mail?
So Bernie Sanders dropped out of the race to deliver mail?
Awww! How sweet that he brings treats!
That's what it means to be living right in the moment, utterly glorious!
Our mail lady Evelyn always gives treats to our pup Wayne. She is his best friend. He knows what direction she is in from a block away and will pull us towards wherever she is!
I'm a letter carrier myself and I love meeting dogs (and cats) who come up to me for pets and cuddles! Those moments really make my day.
We dont deserve dogs, they are too pure for this world
aww she looks so happy! i bet mailman is happy to see her as well
If my mailman was bernie sanders I would react the same
Runs away right after the treat!  That's what Winnie was truly after haha
Looks like Bernie said fuck it, imma be a mailman now.
My mailman is such a jerk. This makes me so happy to see
These videos turn me into a total dog lover.
Pocket treats always does the trick
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
Secret seven story right here
My dog loves the UPS man and tried to get into his truck once.
Aww that's a nice counter to my dog's reaction 

(must EAT the mailman, through the glass...) History is that he got out of the fence one day when the mailman was making his way through the neighborhood. He ran up to the mailman for a snuggle (did not aggressively do so, just ran up) and startled the mailman. He got a snoot full of pepper spray and the mailman said he felt badly afterwards because he realized my dog was just coming up for lovings. Fast forward 5 years and my dog has nursed his grudge ever since. 
Randomly - he has no history with the UPS drivers though but he Hates those guys and has since puppyhood. Maybe the loud trucks?
See! The stereotype where dogs hate mailmen is FAKE!
This is really sweet but it makes me so nervous having a dog unleashed outside on somebody’s lawn.
That’s priceless ❤️ the mailman was so cute for giving the dog a treat 💗
Bonus picture, Bernie "Bribes" Sanders with Joe Rogan's dog. https://old.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/cnn40g/bernie_sanders_with_joe_rogans_dog/
I'd love my mailman too if he looked like Bernie Sanders.
Giving dogs treats on your route is considered a big no-no by the USPS. On the regular carrier's days off, an unfamiliar  carrier assistant will do the route and be spooked by dogs looking for treats. 

If you're bit by a dog, you are questioned why you didnt prevent the bite by using your spray, so many newbies are trigger happy.

Also if this guy is identified, he will be in some trouble for not wearing his seatbelt.

 Sorry to poop on the parade
Cant help but cringe seeing a loose dog as someone with a very reactive dog who would freakout if we walked past that house
So that’s where Bernie Sanders went.
Glad to see Bernie already got a new government job
How In the world did this go from a great video someone shared for entertainment during a time we could all use a extra smile to a argument about negative things in the world?

What a shame 

Thanks for sharing
What a good doggo!
My yellow lab loved our mailman like this- always gave her a treat.

One day our regular mailman was out sick. The new mailman saw my stupid lovable lab running towards him and he pepper sprayed her right in her dopey face. 

She was obviously hurt, but mostly seemed really confused and had a look of betrayal on her face. She never recovered. She hated (or was terrified) of mailmen after that. She never even rebuilt her relationship with our original mailman. 

I wish our regular guy had let his replacement know that he was friends with the dogs on his route and gave them treats. I wonder how many dogs got maced that day?
She was like “oh hey, so excited so excited, can I jump? Ok no, ok when are you gonna give me the treat. YEET, k bye, thanks “🤣
Don’t know how good of an idea it is to let ur dog out there to roam but ok
Meh. If anybody drives up at 3 o'clock every day and gives a dog a treat, of course the dog will "love" that person.

It's love when there is no treat.
This isn’t social distancing... Calling the police.
What vehicle is this ??
The post office wouldn’t be happy to see this. No seatbelt.
Didn’t see no mail retrieved. All I saw was a golden turn a trick.
USPS supervisor is _triggered_ right now
Bhow bhow! Did you get the mail from my husky lady?
But did you see the other dog?
Doggy doggy whaaaaat!?
You mean loves treats...
How did you not go with Whinnie the Pooch??
I'm I the only one on here saying where's the leash?
She loves that treat, the guy who delivers it is OK she guesses.
pretty sure it's the snack in his pocket she loves
Is Bernie Sanders is your mailman?
All the neighbours dogs: You where supposed to destroy them not join them!
Is that postman Pat?
That voice scared the shit outta me
Goldens love food more then anything. The mailman brings the pets but most importantly the bones.
Damn he's old for still having to work
Meanwhile...yesterday my dog freaked out at a friend who also lives in the same apartment building as they were coming to drop something off. All because just 5 minutes before the mailman came through to drop off mail. 

He was still seeing red.
Post Office/Postal Police will probably identify and hunt down this guy and fire him. They're not allowed to do this. The Post Office is crazy believe me.
I guess the wild here is too loud, because I didn’t think the video had sound. That voice at the end almost made me shit.
he was just putting on a show for the treat lets be honest
Well, she loves whatever treats he gave her. Not that she doesn't also love her mailman, but I think the treats are a big part of it lol.
I hate beings like this , always so friendly and welcome.
Damn..Bernie already has a new job. Good for him.
Didn't even wave goodbye after getting treats. What an asshole!
It's a boy, his name is Moose!
666 comment
Joe Biden when he’s not running campaigns
Her love goes no further than the treat!
u/FishCakes88
Ahhhh she just does it for the treat, just like every other dog
I can't retrieve the response
What a sweet baby. B fr, all dog's are gold diggers, always doing tricks to get a treat.. Yet we love them more than most people. Maybe everyone should get on all fours and shut up bitching and whining about everything, then we'd get along better.
She knows it's cookie time!
Winnie is a good girl and I love this so much.
Into the jaws of... some sort of attention
Is this what Bernie is up to now that he had to suspend his campaign?
Could this be more wholesome?
that's because mailman gives treats which is a big no no for the post office. The reason being, it's good and all for the regular but what happens for the substitute on the day off who doesn't know about the dogs getting treats and now you have confusion and sometimes angry dogs and dangerous situations.
Covid-19 has made me understand dogs so much more
What no mail?
Barely enough pets this round
Goldens are made of love.
Postman Pat trucks EXIST?!
When dogs take over, Winnie will lead them. GO WINNIE!!!!
I was about to make a Bernie Sanders joke but then I just got really depressed he's gone
She’s just waiting for the bag of dog treats she ordered to come
OH DEAR GOD
It would appear that Winnie the Golden has trained her mailman.
I LOVE THIS
Stuff like this makes me happy.
So nice he even leaves a treat
That’s sacrilege!
Good dog.
Meanwhile, I'm pretty sure my dog want to rip out my mail man's throat.
My dad used to be a mailman. He always said the highlight of his day was the dogs on his route. He always carried a box of treats in his truck to give to them (always asked the owners first) and they loved him for it. He hated that job, but loved the dogs.
What an awesome guy.
You guys still have a mail man?
Do you live in the most wholesome place in the world?
Why doesn't he use her to bring the mail to the door?
I had a Golden/Chow named Winnie :) she was a sweetheart!
Is this what other countries mail delivery looks like? I just assumed everyone had postmen riding motorbikes like us in aus
The old timer has it right, biscuits are better than pepper spray
You must be pretty important if Bernie Sanders is personally delivering your mail.
I wanna be Winnie's best friend! She's having some fun! (Not because of the mailman. I wouldn't kick him out of my box!
I want a golden retriever😭
r/wholesome
I would die for Winnie
Pure awesome
love for hire
I wonder if he writes those doggy treats off on his taxes.
That is adorable! It looks like he loves her back!
Plot twist. It’s the dogs owner.
This mail man knows how to mail.
What if he gave her chocolate bars?
Got a little treat for you young fella!
"O MY GAWD THE 2 O'CLOCK SNACK MAN IS HERE!"
's snacks
I wonder what’s happen if a different mail men comes
Omg, that tail.  The tail has me dying, in a good way.
When he pulled out the treat 🥺💖🥺💖🥺🥺🥺🥺
I love the mailman too!
Friendship and love have no limits😍😍
30 days in isolation; I’m crying and loving Winnie and her Mailman! ❤️
This makes me so happy
Winnie is rewarding him for being such a gold mailman 🥰
Probably the best time of his day too.
Man this is the most wholesome thing I’ve seen in a while. I needed that.
Is your mailman Bernie Sanders?
Dude comes prepared!
What if he gave her poison and she died
Winnie the golden also loves all this karma
Bernie?!
I wonder why 😋😂
Why he gotta point at her like that tho
Aw, what a cute little puppy!
Needed this today. Thank you dogs. You're the best!
God I've got to get a union job.
That's the only good usps driver in the country
She is a very good boi!
i think your guard dog is broken....
We used to have a mail carrier who carried milk bones and love to pet all the dogs.  He got sent to a different route and I (and my dog) miss him.  Sometimes he'd drop a package off at the door and leave a treat on top if we weren't home.
Had on full audio, the voice at the end scared the shit out of me.
Is that Joe Biden?
I love the way she spins around for him 🥰🥰🥰
He's an excellent mailman. He shows that dog so much respect and adoration.
I saw a cute dog on my route today! It looked like a really short Pitbull.

It also did not like me as much as I liked it, so it barked and tried to bite me.

As a mailman, it's turned out pretty rare that a dog I find ACTUALLY WANTS pets... But there's one black lab that gets all the attention because none of the others want it.
...and her mailman loves her 💗
He keeps the mace in his other pocket
God I would not be letting my dog get that close to the street without me there. Especially if there’s a moving car right there
The golden moments are the best.
We don't deserve dogs
So sweet, this made my day.   Thank you!
Bwuhahahaha he has treats in his pocket!

Oh and I bet he supplies them himself. Can we purchase them for the guy?
Give that man a raise
Mister Peanutbutter does not approve.
Such a good girl!!
Shit I lovehsr mailman
My german Shepard/wolf mix jumped over our fence in the 80s to greet our terrified mailman the first time he came there. After the initial shock they became great friends and every day after that for over 5 years she would follow him the rest of the way on his route at which point he would get in his truck and drive her home. 

It was in Cincinnati Ohio and published in the Cincinnati Enquirer If anyone wants to do some digging I’d love to read the story again. Quincy was the dogs name.
Can I upvote this 1000x? What a great part of both of their days
Goldens and labs have a specific wiggle that makes me smile
This live action version of Up is terrible.
Plot twist, it’s his dog
I love your mailman! See username
What a well behaved little treasure 🥰
My dog is the exact opposite of this to my mailman.
https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/fxwszs/winnie_the_golden_loves_her_mailman/fmxerj0?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
I dealt with a dog like this yesterday that played hard to get, for about 2 seconds. Acted like he wasnt interested in me, well trained and the owner was pretty happy about it. And then i gave him a let me pet you look. Thats all it took, a look, this dogs training goes down the tubes and is at my feet begging for belly scratches. His owner was both amused and mad. These dogs are great.
u/vredditdownloader
I am a carrier also but according to my bosses we are not supposed to pet,or give treats
Had a Samoyed that loved the UPS driver and greeted him like this every time he drove up. Then one day a substitute driver pulled up and he maced her.
What was moving in the truck, I couldn't take my eyes of it.
Goldens are the best!
Such a sweet and special moment ♥️
Thanks for making my hard day so much better. ♥️
So nice to find something sweet. Lovely dog and a kind mail man. I needed that.
I would also love the mailman if he gave me treats
Dogs are like the embodiment of the joy we feel as children which we lose as we age.
goodest boi
I'm just sitting here thinking, "what if someone hopped in the mail truck and drove off behind his back?"
Good boy!  I hope you like cyclists too :)
Omg. This made my day. Quite possibly my life. Thank you.
"omg he's here! , hi hi hi, any special deliveries today? Oooh yussss, much thanks, hab good day"
Man I love dogs like that. It so excited cause it knew it was getting a treat. Smart Dog. 😎
My border collie, Gidget, loved our UPS man, Mark! He would tell me every time I saw him, ‘if you ever have to give her up, please call me first!’
It works because those dogs are easily trained. It appears to me that he makes her wait until the mail is secure in the mail box with a simple command of sit. Then as he walks out and I noticed that he didn’t have any mail on him. Which to me was clear intent of wanting to interact with the dog. Really fun to see both of them respect totally different boundaries and still have a fun moment. And a treato.
Species traitor.





:)
that is so nice
Me IRL waiting for the mailman to bring me my unemployment and stimulus check
i can’t even comprehend how cute this is
So nobody’s gonna mention the mail moving in behind him?
Haha  a treat:)
So sweet
Bernie got a normal job?
Ngl an off leash dog next to a street and cars seems like a bad fucking idea
I don't know what's sweeter.  The way the dog acts or the way the old mailman goes out of his way for a loveable pooch.
I’d be worried about my dog loving someone else that much
This is lovely. Though, after living with the dogs that I grew up with, this gives me anxiety. A couple pit mixes, a basset hound, and an Australian shepherd all in a rural area. More than once, they put their nose to the ground and took off after sneaking out a door, often coming back covered in swamp water or picked up by strangers who said they happily jumped in their car lol. I assume they have an invisible fence, but still!
It's so nice to see Bernie bring joy to the doggo
Golden retrievers are so precious
Ofcourse treat
Plot twist. That’s his house.
My dad is a mailman and he keeps a box of treats for all the dogs on his route. They all see the van coming up the road and start to freak out.
Beautiful dog, but I hope she is not named after that repugnant girl from the Wonder Years.
I love how he just walks off, closes the door and doesn’t look back.. that’s the routine. Day after day.
Look her out there, fighting stereotypes. Brings. a tear to my eye.
❤
That van is what you draw as a car in 1st grade lmao
that mailman was adorable too
This reminds me of my UPS driver.  She carries treats for her favolite dogs, and speaks to them by name when she delivers packages.  Best driver ever.
I needed this tiny little piece of light in my day today. Thank you for the genuine smile/distraction
MY HEArt
My mailman gives the dogs treats. While this is a nice jester and is good for the whole dogs hating attacking mailman , it has created a problem. Now anytime there is a different mail man or the UPS or Fedex guy they go after them. My dogs are friendly but those guys don’t know that. While I understand the mailman making friends with the dogs it has created a problem wit my dogs going after all the delivery people and chasing them.
Nah that bitch just wanted her treat
r/goldenretrievers
Haha, my dog is like this too. He's like best friends with the normal mailman.
He didn't get any belly rubs. You gotta give him belly rubs
I got so scared it would run into the road!
He looks like Bernie Sanders
Nice
No. She loves food
It’s just not natural
Erm she’s doin it for a treat. Love?
Is this what Bernie Sanders is doing now?
thats too cute
It actually loves the treat, not the mailman
Wow. All I can say , as someone trying to get my dog to STOP jumping on everyone, I am impressed by this dogs behavior.
I work in a home improvement retail stores and honestly seeing the dogs is the only thing that keeps me going.
Bernie Sanders is your mailman!? So cool.
Thank you for posting this.
Dogs should be leashed or contained for mail carriers and other service people. Let them decide whether or not they want to interact with the dog.
Man it will be a rough day in June when her mailman stops showing up.
The mailman loves Winnie the golden retriever ♥️
This makes me want to be a mailman!
/u/vredditshare
Can’t blame the guy who could resist
This is premium content. 👌
Yep. All dogs love free food.
Unpopular opinion:  People shouldn't leave their dogs off leash outside (especially next to a road) even if they're "friendly"  These will be the same people begging for sympathy when their dog gets lost or worse, hit by a car (in which case they'll be quick to blame the driver and not themselves).  


I always wondered how so many people's dog's are "lost" or "missing" when they should be indoors, on a leash, or behind a fence....but seeing stuff like this get over 100,000 upvotes really explains it.    I'm sure I'll be downvoted for being critical and pointing it out, but I don't mind.
Put your pets on a leash people. It's not that hard ffs.
Congratulations, you just got your mailman fired.
Böøb
There are multiple safety infractions which can be observed in this clip:

1. The Carrier is not wearing lap or shoulder belt.

2. The Carrier does not appear to remove the key from the ignition before disembarking.

3. The Carrier does not appear to curb the wheels of his vehicle.

4. The Carrier does not appear to have a satchel on his person.

5. The Carrier does not appear to have a dog spray canister on his person.

6. The Carrier is interacting with and touching the dog and giving it a treat.

I know this is only intended to be a happy and cute clip but to the next mailman who comes by and does not have a treat and is not recognized by the dog, said dog is a threat and is liable to be sprayed with pepper spray.  

Also, if observed by management, this Carrier would likely be disciplined up to and including removal from service for the multiple safety infractions.

To any who read this: please do not encourage this behavior!

Regards,

The next mailman
Old video
it's all fun and games till the dog has a bad day an bites him
Is your mailman Bernie Sanders???
I see Bernie Sanders has moved on quick
Looks like Covid hit Bernie especially hard.
Didn't know Bernie was a mailman..
Is that Bernie Sanders?
What’s Joe Biden doing delivering mail during quarantine?
Good to see Bernie land on his feet.
My boy bernie already got a new job.
Is that Bernie? 🤣
What a hard worker! His campaign just ended and Bernie Sanders is already back to work delivering the mail.
Bernie is your mailman?
Bernie Sanders Limited Mail Man Edition
aww that's cute...

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

BUT ITS WRONG!!
It’s disconcerting as fuck that people let their dogs out without being leashed like this.
Sanders has a second job?
I didn't know Bernie was a mailman.
PSA don’t let people pet your dog during the corona virus.

Even though the virus isn’t zoonotic between dogs and humans they still can have germs like any door handle that’s been touched. 


And the only way to get rid of it is a full on bath.. which you don’t want to do too often
She loves her mailman, Bernie Sanders.
Dropped out of the presidential race and became a mailman
Yesterday I heard Bernie dropped out and I thought to myself "I wonder what he will do next".
If my mailman was Bernie sanders I would love him too.
*Bernie Sanders retires to become a mailman*
Is that Bernie? 
"I am, once again, asking for your belly to rub!"
Wow, Bernie found a job really fast after dropping out of the presidential campaign.
I didn't know Bernie had a side hustle.
Is your mailman bernie sanders?
Damn, Bernie’s out here 2 days after dropping out of the race. The hero we deserve.
Well now we know what Bernie sanders is up to!
Your mailman is Bernie Sanders?
 No worries, I get it. To be perfectly honest I’m a Marxist, at least insofar as that implies a staunchly critical view of capitalism. That being said, I’m perfectly happy to engage in good faith discussion about social structures and the effort to improve them, and I’m not particularly wedded to any specific non-capitalist mode of governance/production (although I am more or less sympathetic to various such traditions). Still, if we can build an equitable society and still call our system capitalism, I don’t give a fuck. The outcomes are more important than the names.
Dogs can catch and spread covid19. You should not let your dog do this with the mailman.
"ohmygawd, did that stranger just give my dog who I haven't acknowledged in 6 months something that I can't wait to sue over, I been waiting for this moment since I moved into this neighborhood" -some nasty ass
Why a pensioner is still required to work?
Bernie Sanders delivering mail now?
Winnie loves the treat not the mailman.
I was hoping it’d get hit
Unlikely
That dog just got coronavirus
Bernie Sanders already delivering mail smh
aaannnnnnd now you got that rona
[removed]
[removed]
The golden just retrieved some covid from the mailman!
r/repost
just a pointless stream of pointless bullshit, day in, day out
