Damn humans photobombing the picture of such a great good boi
You can honestly tell if a relationship is gonna work out or not by dogs. My dog hated all my ex bf’s until my husband came along. Seems like this dog approves their marriage
and he looks well-Groomed!
Guaranteed 2 extra walks a day
Golden boi steals the show.
Now that's a billion dollar smile.
This absolutely needs to be on their wall at home
That dogo is practicing social distancing while the humans are failing at it. God job dogo
He's so happy for his humans!
My dog died today and this got me real sad
[deleted]
So rude of them to photobomb the dog's portrait!
Biggest And most joyous smile I've ever seen on a dog.
that's the sweetest face! oh my gosh 💞
It’s for the dog not the married couple, while marital love can end swiftly, puppy love is forever
Excellent furtography
He went from just a good boy to a best man
What a photogenic goodboye!
🥰
Did a Gen Y couple even get married if their dog wasn’t in the ceremony?

(Ours was).
I love a dog in a bandana!
That face though!! 🥰
Such a cute smiling doggo..Took my ❤️
This is the most beautiful photo. Made my day.
OMG awwwwwwww  so cute!!!! Congratulations on the marriage!!
This dog is so adorable <3
They sure did as the couple in the back ground is out of focus.

BTW hire a photographer that doesn't rely auto focus.
Why did they photo bomb the good boy’s picture???😡
So cute awesomeness, stay blessed stay sat
This is gold.
That’s it, I’m getting a Goldie
The goodest boi
perfect, i’m a bird person.
what a good boy
[deleted]
I wan it i wan the dogie
That I brokered this face lol
omg so cute! i would love if my dog could sit and stay still for a picture!
The goodest of boys
i love this
Me is the best part of the picture other than the happy couple💛
Henlo fren.
THIS IS THE MOST ADORABLE THING EVER FUUUUUUUUUUUCK
great
Goodest boy/girl!!!
I would die for that doggie. Look how happy ♡u♡
I'd spoil that doggo soooo much!
That entire statement just made my day.
That’s so cute
Beautiful dog! I love Golden Retrievers
#wholesome
And this dogo approves
Even camera knows who is the limelight of the show /s
That doggie looks happy af like 😝
Awwwww,....gorgeous.
Nice!
As an owner of three good boys myself, and as much as I adore the pictures of my friends, I can say without hyperbole, that this is my favorite dog picture ever. What a great photographer to capture this moment!!
When a dog looks like the happiest mammal at your wedding 😂😂 (it's a joke please dont come after me)
 is rhis isnt photoshopped its sooo cute!
I feel holding or having the leash takes away from the moment
what a beautiful doggo!
Best bride and groom photo kissing I never took
Yes they did, yes they did!
*Furtographer
they lied
Wow..thats good
That photographer has his priorities set straight!
Of course they did
When you go to the wedding just to see the dog
Every wedding should have a best man and a good boy.
You may lick the bride.
🐶Adorable
Waaazz up! Your face expression reminds me of the stoned reaper in Scary Movie!  [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wDGIdhSasfo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wDGIdhSasfo)
Great palettes.
单身狗你笑什么笑hhhhh
This deserves to be framed and placed on a mantle.
Thought is would be my SO, me and our cat. He told me tonight he would rather save his PC over the cat in a fire... I’m honestly lost at this point.

Sorry for being a downer. You are a beautiful couple and I love the happy pupper. Good luck with everything
That dog either wants attention, or wants food, or maybe both.
"Take Off" , Im the star here...lol
Cute blonde tries to steal the attention at a wedding.
Jesus Christ that looked like my ex wife’s wedding dress on first glance
Omg my humans might get 1/10 of the happiness I rock.     

Also, humans. Big Gay congrats 🎉
aww lovely.
I love how dogs squinting at the sun looks so cheerful.
A happy dog on a happy day!
He's a good boy he deserves a photographer
Dad got hitched and gained a momma/ Mom got hitched and gained a dada. Still...That’s definitely a one happy fella! :)
When I get married, THIS is kind of a picture I want.
I cannot upvote as it is at 69k. Why am I like this.
god dog hot dog do do do ddong!!!
what a beautiful photo of a beautiful little fur family
That’s exactly what they did buddy 🥺
Its so funny because he literally put them out of focus!
Nah hes just getting off too choking himself on that leash
sure, here’s a big no from me.
That dog looks photo shopped in there
Ultimate photobomb...lol
Damn! her neck is longer then a Monday
🥺🥺🥺🥺
That guy is trying to swallow her teeth
💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩
Was there like, rain on your wedding day? D'aw love your doggo
I wish I could know happiness like this.
Noice
I like how the photographer put the focus on the dog. It’s a nice touch.
"Please, let me stay in the water"
Getting all the important people, right?
* happy doggo noises*
Oh what a great picture of a really happy dog! The humans seem happy as well.
Thought the bloke had a pump cane for a sec there
I thought he was.holding a walking stick only to realize it's the lead.
Awwww
Looks like a repost. I've seen this image 1 time.

First seen Here on 2020-03-18 96.71% match.

Searched Images: 106,464,048 | Indexed Posts: 423,800,677 | Search Time: 1.3557s

Feedback? Hate? Visit r/repostsleuthbot - I'm not perfect, but you can help. Report False Positive
I thought that man was holding a sword to the dog’s neck
The outdoor heater is really distracting
They sure did you cute puppy
He is good boy but best man
Why are those humans trying to photobomb the good boy?
That beautiful dog was photo bombed by those two
Just a happy boi and his photograph
Let's get one thing out of the way: Dogs do not have any sort of mythical ability to sense bad people. If that were true, there wouldn't be so many bad people who own dogs.
Bride's arm looks oddly muscular.
I have never seen a dog with that unnatural looking 'smile'. I know Americans seem to like giving dogs human expressions, but I like dogs to look like dogs. Is this photoshopped?
Yes indeed 🥰
Where the honeymoon photos?
the dog approves this marriage
 cute flowers
Awwwww look how happy he looks! This brightened my day and I really needed that <3
If you respect their pets you respect them. Plain and simple.
A marriage photo, well focus on the doggo, they're kissing but doggo is smiling
If I ever get married (which I doubt), my pup will 100% be featured in many of the photos so I love this
What a great family photo.  That’s above the fireplace kind of thing
Aww makes me wanna get a dog after seeing this
Look at that nose! :boops:
that's a cute pup
im dying he's smiling omggg
So happy :’))
Looks shooped
Groom has a camera remote in his hand?
Ahhh, when there was just a dog and no children.
They all look happy.
Groom better watch out he bouta steal his girl
Definitely will need an updated photo for EVERY anniversary.
Brown man just want lighter skin offspring
I am not a fan of marriage, but I am a fan of doggos. If those two kids can keep it as cute as this doggo is, they'll be ok.
Good poooooch!!
What a perfect photo, THAT face.
How you get him to do that tho
How does crap like this get to the top with fewer than 200 comments? This is a wedding photo with a dog— who gives enough of a shit to upvote this? This is trash.
The best boi
Hahah human finger pointing like 'stay'
Meanwhile: _dog slowly walks in_
*phodographer
The exact moment the groom finally snapped and skewered the photobombing pooch.
Photoshop
[deleted]
r/usernamechecksout
that dog is stressed the fuck out
Wow a fucking mutt!! Gotta upvote! Fuck off
Send that dog to China so it can be eaten.
Dog lovers are attention whores. They do this sh*t not because they love their dogs so much as they love the attention their love of their dog gets them.

There. It needed to be said.
Dogs really are that self centered tho and it's not cute
no ones talking about the KNIFE POINTING AT HIS HEAD
GOOD BOI FJGHFKDH
I hope they get divorced and the dog gets put down lmao
This picture would be more meaningful if they were each holding a leash. You know, like, "He's *our* dog now"?
Why would you bring your dog to your wedding?
The real star!
Simp
I really hate it when a wedding guest makes it all about them, I mean she's even wearing white! Of all the attention grabbing... oh wook at her wittle face! Who's a good girl? You are, yes you are!
I was scrolling down and.wondered why the couple was blurred
Pay the man his money
[deleted]
Derp.
I thought he was holding a sword towards the dog
Yea they did
Also the dog is the only one in focus here, so yeah..
This is fake af
So that Boi on the left white ?
that girl is so pale.. where do i find one like that? asking for a friend
