I had a feral cat that wouldn't let you remotely near her.  I was all set to trap her and have her spayed so of course she disappeared.  A few weeks later I was working in the garage and there she sits with a tiny kitten at her feet.  I had the house door open since I was carrying things in and out.  Next thing I know she picks the kitten up and calm as could be just strolled right on into the house.  She decided that my clothes closet was a good place so I put a blanket in there and she let me put the kitten on it.  And that's how I gained two cats.  It still took about 6 months before I could pet her but she'd let me hold the kitten as much as I wanted.  It was just so weird how it happend...LoL
I would be looking around for more kittens.
Congrats you now own a cat and a kitten. They have adopted you as their family. Take care of them.
That sweet mama may need extra food to keep her nursing energy up! Cats typically eat their moisture in the wild and dont naturally seek out water, so if you have wet food for her that would be amazing!
Congratulations on the new family!
Cats are awesome!

Also, unless you already thought about it,  please take her and her kitten(s?) (when they are old enough) to the vet and have them sterilised.
ᵐᵉʷ
Did you call her “crackhead kitty”? That’s hilarious:
You know you’ve accomplished something when an animal starts trusting you
We once found a feral cat that had just been ran over by a car. We stopped to take it out of the street because we thought it was dead and when we picked it up, we saw that he was still breathing but unconcious.



Quickly put him in a cardboard box. It was middle of the night and no vets were open so we took him home, he wakes up, panics, crawls out of the car (he couldn't use his two back legs) and climbs a 2m fence while I was trying to catch him (he was incredibly strong and wild).


Eventually we catch him, we put him back in the box with a blanket, food and water, take him to the vet in the morning. Apparently there was a good chance he'd be able to use his back legs again but we had to keep him in a constrained area so that we could keep an eye out for him.

Vet keeps him for a day while I go to the hardware store to buy materials to make a 2m x 2m cage for him so that he doesn't have much room to move (so his legs can heal) but at the same time he's comfortable. I tried to make it as nice as possible, with shade, hollow blocks for him to lay in, wooden trunks to scratch his nails on, lots of toys... I even made him a nice soft cloth hammock so he could lay on.


For the next 6 months he hissed and hated my guts every time I went to feed him (three times a day) even though I was trying to be as nice as possible (I think he thought I was the person who ran him over because I'm the first person he saw when he woke up from the accident). However he loved that hammock and used it constantly from the day 1.

After those 6 months he slowly became friendlier and friendlier and eventually he became the most cuddly creature you can imagine. Could just sit there cuddling and purring for hours on end. We set him free and the whole area around our house became his domain and he never strays far from our house.
5 years later and he's my best pal whenever I'm outside doing work in the garden.. always follows me and comes and rubs against me for pets and cuddles. His name is Ludwig.


In those 5 years that "rehabilitation" cage has helped us save another 3 stray cats, 1 orphaned goat we found in a gorge and 1 wounded chicken we found in the rubbish.


Ludwig still uses the hammock :)
the sound i made when the lil kitten appeared woke my husband up.
I’d hate to tell you but once you started feeding her she became your cat.
I keep seeing everyone say I hope she brings the rest. But if she were to only bring 1 that must be all that’s left 😢
She wanted to make sure her kitten has a better life. Congratulations, you just adopted a kitten. Please note mommy has retained full visitation and food rights.
she brought the kitten AND exposed her belly at the same time = doubly vulnerable = deep trust.
So I spent 10+ years in the shelter industry and we clipped a cat's ear like that when they had already been caught for TNR. How strange she has a kitten and a clipped ear!
Oh my! You now have a cute little family!! Congrats! They picked you! Feel honored!  Please give them a loving home ;)
Congrats on your new family! We had a stray cat who would drop off her kittens to us, as well. We called her Mama Kitty. The first year there was just one, and we didn’t see her for about a year. The next year she woke us up by yowling outside the front door with four more. She never wanted to come in the house, but she always dropped off the littles. We would keep them cozy outside in a cardboard box with a blanket just in case she wanted them back, but I think she was content to drop them off.

Edit to say we obviously took care of them all! They were the sweetest, smartest, toughest kitties.
If you decide to keep them, please spay asap
PLEASE ADOPT THEM 😭😭🧡🧡
You have a cat family! Congratulations!
Next step: letting them into your house and allowing them to be your master for petting and scratching.

Go OP!
"Look what I made hooman"
Congratulations on your two new cats.
TNR or in your case TNK.
I feel blessed just seeing this.
Congratulations! You have been adopted :)
Adopt that cat! Adopt that cat! Adopt that cat!
Hey bud I’m late so I’m sure you’ve heard by now but ya you been don adopted son
That's not a stray cat. That's your new car and kitten


Edit: cat, not car. Please do not ride the ex-stray
[deleted]
Maybe, but I wouldn't wait for that.
OP, perhaps you can find a free or low cost clinic to take them to and make sure they’re healthy, and also get mom kitty spayed? I’m concerned there aren’t more kittens and hopefully they’re stashed away somewhere and still alive/healthy. If you’re not in a position to take them in, then the clinic will likely know of a place where they can go to be safe and cared for, and not out on the street.
Oh, that is just so precious.  She totally trusts you!   And congratulations, you now have two kitties!
You know they aren't stray anymore right?
That's not stray cat. That's YOUR outdoor cat.
You now have 2 cats
I hope you kept them both! And spay momma cat and then spay/neuter the little darling!
So what happened to rest of the litter?
She probably has a nest of babies somewhere, and she brought out the bravest one to show you :)
She is yours now
you know you have a cat and kitten now, right?
Congratulations...... Now you have 2 cats
You are the chosen one. Congratulations
Congrats you have been adopted.
Where are the rest of the kittens? This is sort of a tragedy wrapped in cuteness if she only has one kitten left.
"Please, for the love of God, can you watch him for like... 30 minutes? I need a nap so bad..."
PSA - During this pandemic be very careful about handling a stray. You never know who is petting a stray cat or dog and, yes, covid-19 can possibly remain on the fur of an animal.

OP, if you have the means, I'd seriously consider taking that cat in. At least if you're sure it doesn't have an owner (could have the local vet check for a chip). Also keep an eye out for more kittens.


u/callmecourtnay
Come, young one. Let me introduce you to the giver of life, the provider of sustenance. Seek out these beings when all hope seems lost, but be cautious, not all will fill the kibble bowl and give scritches.
Adorable. First thing to do is get her fixed though.
Umm, why are they still strays?
It's  not a stray cat anymore. It's your cat that strays.
Dude. That's not a stray cat. That's your cat.
She’s teaching her baby how to catch food.
Look I made dis
r/illegallysmolcats
I want a cat. I’m severely allergic to fur. Please deal Cat Goddess, send me a companion my allergies won’t react to! 

I did go visit a cat cafe in Ottawa on vacation last year, I didn’t react at all. But they had 3 HEPA filtering units running 24/7 in a single room, which I wouldn’t be able to have.
Rejoice! Thou art now worthy to be graced by mine chubby kitten.
You have been blessed. Thanks for sharing and for giving lil momma some help. She's shown that she appreciates it. We do too.
Adorable!!!
She wants you to adopt her!!
Looks like she chose you
Please bring them inside.
She lay down to communicate "it's all safe" to kitty
She’s totally like: you like that? There’s more where that came from!
To those who don't like cats be cause you think they're dumb, they're not dumb. They're just way smarter than you. 
Ive always loved and had cats and dogs. Actually many cats over the years. They're quite their own little humans.
And btw OP, this is too frickin adorable.
Do you want cats!

Because this is how you get cats!
Please post updates of your life with your new cats <3
You have 2 cats now.
Not a stray cat it's your cat.
Time to adopt 2 cats?
She isn't a stray if she lives at your house. She is your cat now.
This same shit just happened to me except three kittens. And all shelters are closed for covid. I guess I get kittens.
Congrats, now the cat and her kitten own you.
Right.. no longer a stray. You have been adopted, very nice job.
Please spray or neuter both of them regardless of whether you take them in. Places will do it for free. It truly is the best thing for your local ecosystem. They return to their normal lives afterwards! :)
She wants you to raise it.
I think you should know, you have two cats now.
Awwww she has accepted you please do the right thing and have the kitty fixed at 8 weeks and Mom too at same time. There are low cost clinics all over now. 
Thanks for caring for Mom and now her little one. Wondering if there were more in the litter keep a watch out on where she goes.
You *do* realize this cat owns you now? Don't you?
Please get her and her baby fixed. Check around some vets or orgs will do it at a deep discount or free.
This is how you get cats. Love them!
Just let them both live inside already
Even if you are unable to take this cat into your home, please look up a TNR charity near you for Trap, Neuter, Return. This way kitty can get fixed so there won’t be more homeless kittens ❤️
Please have her spayed asap.  She is now your cat. Please handle the kitten and much as possible.  Get the kitten fixed @4 months old.
Catch that cat and get it spayed. Ditto the kittens need confined until they’re old enough to get neutered
cats need medical care and a home
Please get that mama cat fixed before she gets pregnant again.
What an adorable surprise. It would be a good idea to trap mama and take her to be fixed.
Vacation
Welcome to the family
BRING THEM INSIDE!!!
Omg just adopt her already!
This truly is aww material. So cute! Thanks for the post OP!
Adopt them goddamit
awwwwww
Yep, this one's not a stay cat anymore. You have officially been adopted.
https://m.youtube.com/user/ButterTeam

Watch some of the videos on this channel if you want to care for the kitties. It’s imperative that the kitten is socialized at a certain age before they become feral forever.

The mom seems super friendly so she might be able to be “helped” as well. First thing to do is probably a vet visit and then putting them in a confined room for days.
around 6 years ago a kitten appeared in our garage one night during a cold rainy season  


we had a family cat that was being perpetually motherly because she had 3 litters in 3 years (vet said they cant fix her until x time has passed post birth, she'd always manage to escape during this wait and get pregnant again.)  


she'd also been staying outside all day for months, eventually the kitten showed up. We figure someone must have dropped her off on our street and our family cat adopted her
I have a stray cat that's super preggers. She comes and goes as she pleases
This happened to my stepdaughter. I think momma cat thought the baby was a runt and wasn't gonna make it. He was super little and skinny. Never saw the momma again after she dropped him off. We still have him though! Not skinny anymore but still a lil shithead!
Congratulations! You just got adopted!
I just wanna say be careful since we now know that cats can carry the virus, and she's a stray, you should take a little caution.
For a stray cat, she looks really healthy, which is... good, I would say.
You have been chosen. But pls look for other kittens, even runts. Kitties usually go 2, 4, 6 - you get it. But she is young and spry looking, so maybe only 1 lived. 

You now have kitties!!! 🐈👍
Blessed post.
Am I the only one to think this kitten look at least three-month-old and that OP is full of shit? Not trying to bring the pitchforks, just asking...
Well they've adopted you. You're now theirs
Let me just say that I think you should keep her, if you do though please make sure you also have all of her kittens to rehome/keep so that they aren’t left to die without her
Let her in already !!
I wonder if there are more kittens? cats dont normally have singles.
TAKE THEM IN
Dogs have owners, cats have staff
You are so lucky in these very hard times. Stay healthy and safe and please don’t name the kitten Corona.
INSULIN! WHERE IS MY INSULIN? I NEED IT NOW!
I think she's found 'home' ❤️
r/illegallysmolcats
Pspspsps
I think that’s saying she decided that she’s found her home now.
It's no longer a stray seems like
You have a very nice mom voice.
"Stray"  
  
Hate to break it to ya, but that's your cat now, better start spending some money on it.
Omg. Can you please keep us updated? I would love to see more from both of them <3
It is wonderful that she trusts you and is reaching out because she may need help.
You have been chosen. One strong suggestion as someone from a family that shelters ferals: spay her as soon as the kitten is 6 months. Otherwise youll have a litter at your door once a year at least.
Got news for ya. If you gave her food and water, she ain't a stray anymore.
Adopt those kitties!
Let her inside
You should see about getting her fixed, the kittens too. Some one needs to.
Cat now owns you!
So I assume they’re no longer strays?
Congratulations on your new cats
You want kittens. That’s how you get kittens.
So you adopted them right? 😻
They chose you. Now you gotta keep them.
We're gonna need daily (hourly) updates.
You now own these cats. Please take them in as your own and get them to a vet.
She just wants child support
Adopt her and the kitten 😺 ❤️
> Ummmm ... why are you holding that rectangle instead of petting me???
Will you take her and her baby in?
You have been chosen. You now have 2 cats.
op i hope you know you own a cat and her kitten
She’s teaching her kid how to manipulate human emotion.
Invite them inside! Maybe she'd like some more security and peace of mind now that she's a parent!
Not a stray anymore. That's your cat. And your Grandcat.
I’m pretty sure that isn’t a stray cat. The cat adopted you 🤔
Now you have 2 cats
Where is the dad ?
Cat: She's your problem now.
The cat has chosen you, its yours now
Teaching her kitten how to get food
You should see if there’s a stray spay clinic to get her fixed.
I used to hate cats and now that I have two of my own I want to take in every stray cat in these videos lol
One half trust/one half guilt trip. She knows kittens can get the goods: you take the kitten in, you have to take the mom in. She's not dumb.
You belong to her now.
It is now YOUR CAT, my friend. 
Have a good life together...
Sounds like you've been adopted.  :)
They're yours now.
One of the first things you need to do, if you're going to feed & care for a stray, is get that stray spayed/neutered.  
The cat overpopulation problem is causing what may very well be the worst pain & suffering this planet has ever seen.
She's making an offering of her first born to the dark gods that feed and pet her so they can feed and pet it too, hail the dark overlords.
That's not a stray cat anymore, it's your cat. Congratulations.
You know, if you give her food and water and she lives on your porch. *stray* really isn’t the right word.
I think you now own two cats.
Yeah, that’s *your* cat now. But it’s a very friendly and affectionate cat so that’s great!
Omg, so tiny! Something for r/IllegallySmolCats/ as well, they'll love it.
You have been chosen. They're your cats now
That's wonderful! May I suggest that you look into spaying her and fixing the kitten. There are a lot of TNR programs out there, I'm sure that there's someone near you that would be willing to do it. Or, adopt them and do it! 

&#x200B;

While this is incredible, it can get out of hand quickly if feral cats are left to reproduce over and over again. Keeping the population in check will help these two live their best lives.
Some 8 years ago, I was in vacations and every day I would listen to a Cat meowing.
It was inside a "farm shed" filled with onions.
Once I entered it but he got away beneath a huge stock of hay...
The next day, approaching Lunch time, I wasn't listening to him. I opened the door, made a single noise and I saw him moving his ear.He was laying down in the onions.
I jumped, grabbed him and I was amazed how small he was. It fitted my hand.
I took him inside my house, fed him and 8 years later he is still with me... We play every day. He wasn't the most friendly of cats but I grew to love this mfc.

I was never a big Cat lover but he changed that.
He chose his name which is "Cebola" (he responds very well to it) which translate to "Onion" like where I found him.
Better catch her and spay her. Will be better for her than getting raped 3 times a year by different cats while in heat and losing many kittens when they die in the wild
You have been chosen
You now have 2 cats 🥰
No offense intended here, but I don’t think she or her baby are strays...I think they’re your cats, whether you like it or not. Humans don’t get a choice in this matter, sorry!
We have a stray that hangs out in our neighborhood as well but he mostly chills at my place. Heck, I even gave him a name, Roger and he's a chunky but fit orange tabby. What's best/worst is that despite his age and size, his mind is still like a damn cute kitten and I love him for it.
My friend has a similar story. One by one the mom brought her kittens over. My friend took them into her house and allowed mom to go in and out. Within 2 weeks the mom cat never wanted to leave the house again. Hasn’t been outside (by choice) in over 4 years.
Love that pretty girl and get her fixed so she doesn’t have to keep popping out babies over and over again! 

How precious!!!
That’s not a stray, that’s your cat. If you feed it it’s yours, themselves the rules.
Give cat a fish, you feed it for a day.   

Teach a cat to fish, it's gonna ask you "where's my fish? You gave me a fish the other day. Why do I need to know how to fish? "
I would suggest gaining the mother's trust overtime, then having her neutered otherwise the cycle of bringing kittens home will continue and be potentially overwhelming. Cats breed quickly....
If the cat isn't chipped and you are sure it's a stray, please spay/neuter her!
AAANNDDD......now you have 2 cats!
I am fighting back a tear, the Love and trust hit me right in that sensitive spot. Congrats on your new kitties!
Adopt those damned cats ASAP!!
I think you’ve been adopted! Congratulations!
If you can bring them in please do so, and please get them both spayed/neutered.
She wants you to give them both a home, don’t leave her outside anymore.
That's not a stray cat. That's your cat.

I'm not saying you're lying, I'm just saying you don't realise you have a cat. Well more than one now!
Sure it’s hers? Her ear looks to be cut in the way that a catch and release is done for kitties that have been fixed and returned to being Wild.
Please do her a favor and get her spayed!
By the laws of cats she’s owns you now
Just to be clear, that’s not a stray anymore - it’s her porch.
Congratulations on your new cats! Please keep them, they are your family now.
Sounds like you own 2 cats now
Give them an inside home and take em to the vet!
Please get her spayed. Try to get her and her kittens into the house so the kittens don't turn feral and end up breeding outdoors.
So you got a cat.
Just one? Does that mean something happened to the others? Dont they always have at least a few kittens?
20 years ago I adopted a solo feral kitten in the Philippines (her mother was living in my roof space and kitten fell out/cried for a day to be rescued). 

Within 5 days after being rescued I got woken up by her fighting off mommy cat's attempts to carry her out of the house and back into the roof (knew when she was onto a good thing). I don't think mommy cat ever quite forgave me (but she got fed too).

She ended up being the smartest, most affectionate, politest and most awesome housecat I ever had. She knew how to open - and close - doors/cupboards, somehow trained herself to use a flush toilet after observing humans using it, but never ever jumped on benches and always asked for food, never snatched it.

I miss my wee Moppett.
You should take her inside
I was in a similar situation once. There was this stray cat that was so afraid of me she would never let me pet her at all but I always fed her everyday anyway because I just can't help myself with cats! She would come back everyday and get her food and then leave and that was our little interaction everyday. 
I noticed she had gotten bigger and assumed she was pregnant so I started to feed her better food and water to keep her healthy. She disappeared one day and I figured she had gone off to have her kittens and that I would see her again soon. I left some food out just incase she came back. 
About 5 days went by and she never came back so I was a little worried but didn't think much of it until I heard meowing from the bushes in my garden.
I found her litter of 4 kittens that were only 5/6 days old in my old treehouse in my garden. The cat must have had them there because she felt safe and then must have been in an accident because she never came back for her kittens 😢 I waited as long as I could before I took them inside and bottle fed them to 8 weeks. I got them all loving homes to go to and I even kept one myself!
Can you please take her in?
Years back we had a white cat follow us home.  We had seen her around for awhile and since no one was taking care of her we thought we could add to our family.  After several days we realized that she was both deaf and pregnant.  After a short time she had her kittens (5) in our bedroom closet.  All was fine until she just up and left a couple of weeks later. We did see around a few times but she had no  interest in returning.  Round the clock hand feeding does get old after a bit. Damn that cat.
Hey Courtney, cool to see you here! Hope you and Jake take care of them well :)
She's moving in!  Congratulations on your two cats!  Lol.
I love this! She must feel safe
Thank you for feeding the cat and taking care of her and the kitten.
Let her live with you or you are a monster
My in-laws did the same thing. Except 30 stray cats demand food outside on a nightly basis. Guess word of meowth (sry not sorry) got around.
Contact a local catch and release rescue and get that momma fixed and see if they'll foster her baby.
We had a mother cat who was feral when we moved in. We fed her at the edge of the woods. One day there were 3 kittens with her and one was very sickly. After two days I was able to catch it, to sick to run I think.
I took her to Vet and it was touch and go. She did recover and went back to live with her mom, but would come closer to house. She became pregnant with her 1st and only litter. One day she yelled and yelled outside my door. She wanted in and I couldnt believe it. I tried boxes and different places but no it was as far under my bed she could go. A little while later I heard the crys of kittens. A lot of kittens. She was a dull solid very lite yellow. I waited until she finally came out to eat and wiggled under the bed. What I found shocked me. There was one kitten dead and 10 very healthy same exact color of the Mom. I had barn cats when I was little with all size litters with all different colors of kittens.
These were all exactly the same. Not a spot of white nor any other color on them. In hindsight I could have started a true breed of cat. Buffy was soon spayed and over time the entire litter of 6 girls, 4 boys with the help of Pet Aid were neutered and spayed. (the dead kitten was a boy) In time the entire feral population was catch and release since I agreed to feed them. The babies were named SAME-SAMES. No way to tell them apart. Now 17 years later there is only one SAME SAME left. A girl whose name is Sally.
Catch and release does work as only 4 of the group are left.
Two winters ago, our neighbor moved out and abandoned his orange barn cat. He was very skinny, and my mom and I noticed him trying to eat stale bread she had thrown out in our yard for the birds, so we started feeding him. At first he'd always run away when we put the food out, and wouldn't come to eat until we went inside (we assumed he was feral because of this). Then one day we went outside with his food, and he suddenly ran up to us meowing and demanding pets, deciding we were now his friends! We were able to coax him down into our cellar, and Angus has been our kitty ever since. My nephew says he looks like Garfield and always makes my mom cook lasagna when he visits.
This made me smile! I would love updates! Will you be adopting them?
She's asking you to adopt her baby, because she knows it'll have a good life with you. 😭
she’s just a stray cat standing in front of a safe-home owner asking you to love her. 💕
The world needs more people like you:) Make sure to go look for the others. They generally have multiples. She may have even brought you that one because it has a health issue. That's what happened to us. The stray mommy ditched the kitten with a health issue in our wood pile. We could easily here him meowing and I'm sure she knew that. We dug him out from in between the logs, small and weak. We fixed his health and kept him. Morris is big and healthy today going on a year. We then caught mommy and the rest, cleaned them, flea treated them, wormed them and found them homes. I miss all those little fur balls, but they needed good responsible owners willing to spay/neuter them and take care of them. Our stray mommy had a full batch of eight! So please keep looking and don't trap her because they rely on her for their food while they nurse! 
God Bless 💖
You should have her spayed. Now you have 2 strays.
Congrats on being a beautiful human who earned that much trust from a stray. 🥰Could I suggest contact your local vet or animal charity and see if they have a program for neutering strays? This kitten is beautiful, but mummy cat would be better off neutered.
Only one kitten left. :(
She wants you to help feed it 🤷‍♂️
Awww! Now get her fixed. Not to be a bummer, but it's unlikely she had just one & the others have perished. Keep that from happening again & bring her inside the get her fixed soon. Call a vet & they will let you know time frames.
on the one hand, cute. on the other hand, this will result in more dead local wildlife.
This is so sweet! She clearly loves you and I'm so happy to see someone giving a community cat the right kind of love they need. 

There are often TNVR groups available, they may even know where to look for the other kittens. They can get momma cat spayed and vaccinated for free (she usually comes back with an ear notched) and will also get the kittens acclimated to humans, spayed, vaccinated, and adopted. 

You won't lose your walking partner and the kittens will get lots of love\~
Omg.. You reminded me of my old stray. If anyone read this and wants to see a Pic of that magnificent beast I'll post one. But anyways.. Found him in my backyard hiding. He was hissing but wouldn't move.. He'd jolt around every few seconds. I noticed white spots which was wierd cause he was a long hair, dark black. It was goddamn bot Flys burrowed in his skin.
Everywhere.
It was scary shit. He refused to let me get near him so I finally was able to bribe him into my garage with some fancy feast. I locked him in and cough him. The next two hours was disgusting. I stopped once to gag because something squirted onto my face at one point but I dug out about 80% of them that day and then I wiped him down with a warm rag. For like 2 minutes he forgot he was feral and enjoyed the help. Didn't last long Lol. He shreaded my arms and upper thighs. But, he lived. It took another 6 months or so of feeding and letting him get used toe before he became my bud. By the time I left that house he was a big baby in my lap most of the time. The hardest part of leaving was not taking him but at the time I didn't have a choice. Good news though. I did end up back there about a year later and guess who I saw sunbathing in a gutter down the street? Mr Scrappy (his name) was strait chillin with the squinty I'm loving the sun cat look on his little face.

I was always so impressed he knew which fence to hop. Of allllll the houses in that neighborhood he ended up in my backyard, which was great for him.. He landed himself right on ground zero for animal love and I'm still glad about that. He was a beautiful cat
Somebody may have already said this but cats never have just one kitten, nor two, there will be a minimum of three. Sadly, if she is stray the other two may no longer be with us but I would definitely suggest having a look around in bushes, sheds, out buildings. You may even find that she will try to take you somewhere, look out for signs that she wants you to follow. Also, the person below me is correct. Cats choose us, we don;t choose them. A bit like Exotic Birds, they do the same. You have been chosen for sure.
Please get her spayed asap.
that means there are 2 to 5 dead kittens somewhere near you, too.
Don't feed feral cats you don't know are neutered
Omg I'm literally crying!!!!
They found their hooman =D
I wish I had a wild stray cat! I have a wild bluejay and that's about it :|

Best it do, beak snatches my nut sac from my hand. (shelled peanut)
I feel wholesome adter watching this. Thanks OP
Please tell her, from me, that her kid is beautiful. 

And give them both skritchies.
How cute.....really cute.
Buy one and get one for free!
That cat looks exactly the same as my cat, and he’s a stray one too.
Ahhhhh! This is how I got my current cat!
Cat:  "This is my kitten.  You protect."
In case you want a better outdoor [shelter ](https://www.alleycat.org/resources/feral-cat-shelter-options-gallery/) but taking them in is best!   Two for one.
Look at this human servant I got - the cat probably
"Child, this is a Hu-man, they're big, hairless and can't speak, but we've adopted them anyway because they can't get by without us."
You earned a cat! 😁
You have two cats now.
KISS ME!!!!!
Awww. She deserves every bit of love and care, especially in these worrying times.
I want to see more!
Awwww so cute
I really needed this sweetness today, thank you for the story and the video! Please post more if you have time, I just wanna squeeze them so much!
Just one?? So precious
They chose you 🥰
Looks like you've got a cat now. Plus more cats.
She’s absolutely adorable and so is her kitten, if you can try to get them as a pet or give them to a shelter/friend.
What breed is this?
Made me awww so hard
/r/boscomornings , it's awesome!
This is getting out of hand
Follow her and find the rest
Thats not a stray cat, thats your cat.
This is the sweetest thing. I really needed to see this today. They’re so precious!
Take those babies in!
Congrats on your new cats!
"There's a stray cat"

No there isn't. :P
She couldn't find a babysitter
That little guy is too cute
That kitten belongs on r/illegallysmolcats!!!
It's not her kitten, it's someone else's kitten. Tomorrow bring me a puppy.
2 for 1
Oh I love tabby cats! They're so affectionate!
Awwwww!!! You know they are yours now right?  Welcome to being a cat parent!!!
You are the people the world need more of
I’ve always wished for this to happen to me. But thinking of my parents, they’d never allow it
Surprise that cat is trusting
Oh...... my god. 😱❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
you are the chosen ones!
Same thing happened with me but quite a different situation .I used to feed a pregnant stray cat for a week and suddenly one day she jumped into my house and started meowing around me for like 15 mins continuously so i thought she was hungry but then she started crying and i knew that she was in labour pain and in an hour or so she gave 5 little kittens with me at her side . Really a wonderful experience, its been already 4 months and like i really adopted them :) :)
This is kind of how i got my cat + kitten many years ago. We loved them very much and the mother seemed to always be grateful. The kitten on the other hand didn't know differently and was not grateful, was a typical cat really 🤣

So beautiful OP, best wishes to you all.
Honoured..
ADOPT THEM
Please take in this bundle of joy and give them a good home <3
Take good care!
A cat also adopted my family
Why is there only one kitten?
That is no stray cat, that is your cat.
u/vredditshare
The cat looks like my deceased cat, he died like two weeks ago. Nearly made me cry, take good care of them!
I’ve already watched this video 15 times. So sweet and I hope you keep us updated!
You are the chosen one!!! Out of all the people in this world she was drawn to you. You are special.
/u/vredditshare Oi can you feed im too?
Oh my lanyard I wanted to watch this forever.
Congrats grandparents!
That’s how one of my childhood cats adopted my dad.
r/notmycat
What an honor!
Cats like nests, something they can be inside.  If you provide a nice warm, dry, quite space she may move it.
THAT KITTEN IS ADORABLE!!!! i had tons of stray cats bring their babies, its such a great moment.
  Awww.. Please love the kitties
Cat is confident, kitten not so sure.
Nice fellows!
Congratulations on being chosen. You have two cats now! ❤️
Um, that's your cat now dude. She ain't a stray no more.
‘the neighbourhood cat will start to warm up to you’
Did you call her crack head kitty ? I thought I heard that ?
pet the gad damn baby
Strays can be so appreciative :)
If you can get her spayed asap
Oh god, why does your voice remind me of Willow?
So cute!
Less far away, more kitteh!!!
A few years ago a cat that looked very much like that one started hanging out on our kitchen window. We gave her some food and she came back the next day. Eventually, I walked into the kitchen and found two kittens sitting in a vase near the window and realized she brought her babies over. She never came back, so I don't know if something happened to her, but we did keep the babies.
What does the sound that the mother made mean? I don’t have a cat and it is the first time I hear such a sound
I think the cat was scouting your neighborhood for a possible place to raise her kittens and chose you/ your house.
TELL ME THEYLL BE OKAY
She Choose you.
You know cats can carry coronavirus?
Same story.
We gave this cat food and water everyday and she delivered two kittens in my cupboard, I realised on day 4. One of them died, the other I adopted. 
4 months later, she gave birth me 3 more kittens (:
Please adopt her. I’m begging you
Please adopt both of these !
Good Job, this animal wants food  and you consider you a good source of it.
Guess they're your responsibility now.  Cute pair!
Kitty is so cute!
You seem like a good human.
So you have a cat. Cuz that's what that's means. Such a sweetheart kitty.
I was once presented with 3 2-days old kittens in my hostel room. There was a similar cat and she got those little balls of absolute cuteness and just started living inside my room. 
I was adopted by the cat and her 3 kittens.
mom don't leave me i'm angy
Swimmin in women wit dey own condominiums / 5 plus 5 who drop millenniums ?
Congrats! - Youre Now the proud owner of a "Catitten".
It was a stray. Now you are his servant.
Mission accomplished.
Take them inside, that little guy will never survive!
This is so freaking sweet.  I can’t stop rewatching it.
❤ I say make it official
I fucking love animals
Remind me 1 day!
You have a new master. Enjoy!
Aww, this is so wholesome :3
Everyone knows you call cat with the  " pss pss "
There is no greater honor!
It always starts with 1 cat, you give feed and give head scratches. fast forward 7 years, congratulations, you have 12 cats.
I WOULD DIE FOR THEM OMG
The big cat look like my old cat shyann wa she sooo cute her and the kitten
Make sure to spay cats if you can afford it guys. They are cute af but they populate very quickly and can decimate local wild life
Oh wow this is so damn cute, and honorable. Not everyone has that opportunity.
We have a pregnant cat that adopted us too. Anyday now... Soon.
Gawd! You’re not only lucky you’re incredibly kind! This was the first post I saw this morning and it gave me so much happiness!
i swear every single stray cat i have ever seen looks exactly like that one
Lovely cute kitten
You adopted both. I’m right?
This warmed my heart :)
**PROTECC THE PEANUT!**
Save the kitties
Looks like you got adopted! Households are better with feline overlords
This makes me want a kitten. I love my cat, adopted her when she was maybe three ( we don't know the exact age, was a guess )
Welp, you have two cats now. There's no room for discussion.
This is adorable! If you decide to continue caring for her please consider getting her and the kitten neutered! Depending where you are alot of local charities could help cover the costs. We're approaching kitten season and she could get pregnant again! Congratulations that you have been chosen!
..yeah, there's more than one kitten..
.. unless she ate them all, I grew up with that nonsense in Chicago nobody liked those what are you ..
That’s trust xx
That's the biggest freaking cat I've seen in a while. Look at her! She's beauty, she's grace and apparently she's also a mommy :D
So very sweet. Thank you for loving her. ❤
Lovely kittens
That's my fucking cat!!!!;!!;!;;;
Adorable. And the little kitten miaow. Lucky you
Build them a little house
Nice
I've had cats that only had one kitten. Are you going to try to bring them inside
Take the cat as your own
:D
Please take them in.
"Adopt me!!!!!!"
"Put on your cute face, we're off to see the humans"
Ok, this is what happened when I moved into an apartment with a stray dog. A lady who walked her dogs past our place said ‘it’s your dog now. Take it to the vets and get it’s injections.’ I was so surprised I did. 14 years later that stray is on my lap. I’ve moved continents twice, and sold cars to fly her (and her two pups) with me each time. Best damn advice a stranger ever gave. So... those are your cats now. Take them to the vets and get some food.
The kitten looks very concerned. :')
I need a heart transplant because mine just melted
Adopt the kitty!!
How is this not your cat now?  Because you don't want to take it to the vet?
It's. So. Cute!!! 😩😩😩😭😭
I have a cat that travels around a school
One day it got in
It got kicked out after ;-;
ADOPT THEM
Ma
ADOPT THEM!!!
you have been chosen
When I was a child and visits came home, my Siamese cat brought his 7 kitten to my bed, her name was Mici... I miss so much that cat :'(
This is just so wholesome, awesome post to read first thing in the morning!
Make a shelter and feed the baby :3
That is the cutest fucking thing I have ever seen
r/notmycat
My heart! This is so cute!
This was so adorable! As everyone else has said please update if she brings more babies. Also I too would love to see a picture of them asleep in the crate.
You've just introduced a generation of pest a few months from now
Will you take care of my kitty like you take care of me?
Plus, doomguy’s heart breaking.
Take her in already dammit.
This is the way.
Post. More. Vids. Awesome!
If there are more kittens you should take her and all the kittens in and have them de-sexed and find them homes. The streets are no place for a female cat - have seen terrible things done to female strays by male cats, my parents saw male cats swarm a female in heat and fight and drag her away, couldn't get to her and the next time she was seen was on the road after being hit by a car, small mercy for her I suppose. Save her and the kittens the future trauma (especially if they're female) and take her in.
This is ultimate love!
I need this in my life
Hi I work for Express Newspapers, please may we use your video on our sites with a credit? Thanks, Dominique
You are now a cat owner
That’s absolute trust
Nice
OMG
They are your cats now.
Aww so cute, that's what we cal animal frienship
Give that kitty a forever home. ❤️
You’ve been chosen.
Crackhead kitty and co are no longer the neighbourhoods strays. Congratulations on them choosing you!
Thank you for taking care of this stray!!
You're very kind people..animals have good instincts.
This is so sweet, for a cat to trust someone she probably wasn't wild, she looks very healthy maybe got abandoned when she got pregnant.
She has chosen you! Congratulations!
If you feed feral cats (ferals don’t get close enough to pet:this one was someone’s pet), please spay/neuter.
TNR.
Looks like your cat found her family 😊
She’s your cat now! Congratulations - you are a amazing human 😊
Wow that’s very sweet. I like the small meows. You should upload more footage of these guys.
Awww can’t you adopt them
Aw crackhead kitty :)
Oh my god it’s her mini-me! How absolutely adorable.
She sounds like a keeper...
She feels safe
You have been chosen.
Great capture. Any chance of uploading a longer video?
Get them spayed / neutered! There’s resources to help you (check with shelter and local rescue groups).
Otherwise you’ll have 20 cats in a few years
I think you are being chosen.
Bring them inside!!
Sweet family this video made my morning thank you
ADOPT THEM :)
yup animals are innocent,  unlike asshole humans .
If it's a stray with a kitten, they Are yours now!

Way back when I lived with my mom they have some stray cats outside, so they fed them every day. The mother cat kept having litters, so they built cat houses to keep them warm, blankets, the whole nine. I'm no cat person but I assume once they they trust you they love you forever
I am so glad I saw this at 4 am when I got up. What a perfect way to start the day!

Now, that said: what does your welcome mat say? Looks like it ends in either plants or pants
Congratulations on your two new cats!  That look amazing!
That's why i'm scared of letting my younger cat outside he's so affectionate that i would think he's gonna visit other houses till he people start giving him more food and stuff like that   


But otherwise that's hella cute
Adorable!!!!  Great story!  Love it!
Cats reproduce extremely fast.. 

So it begins..
I wish I could give this two upvotes. My heart!
That’s the testament of a good human taking care of anything in need by choice. Thanks. Now call the animal shelter and have them spay or neutered. Good job
“I just bought this baby straight caaaash”
Great to see the cats adoption process going well. Hoping it's confirmed soon!
Make sure you neuter and spay you’re new pets so this doesn’t keep happening.
Why is your cat door so high?  Is it to keep kittens out?  (Or in?)
I have always heard that you dont choose a cat,

Cats chosse their house!
OP please just keep them ok?
Cat: "Come over here kitten"

Kitten: "No, there's a scary monster"
That’s awesome but also get her spayed!
The little frightened stpe by the kitten 😍🥺
/r/IllegallySmolCats
Keep them safe
Take them in, they need a permanent home.
Im curious if she only had the one? cats have litters dont they?

She could have more somewhere else.
She trusts you with her most cherished possession. :)
What strays those are your cats
You have been blessed
That’s wonderful. Can you take them in and get them spayed eventually?
That's no longer a stray. You have been claimed.
You mean *your* cat decided that the trust you enough to bring you their kitten. Now you have two cats. Congratulations!
3 words adopt that cat
Here is how those played out in my mind:

“Uh, hi Hooman, it’s me, cat. If you can double those food and water rations, it would be great. I’m feeding two mouths here. *introducing cute kitten* thanks in advance Hooman, now for some chin scratches, oh yeahhhh”
Thanks for a happy story.
That looks exactly like my cat wtf
Could you adopt them?
Adopt her!!! PLEASE!!!!!
Congrats, you are now the proud owner of two cats!
Awww....adopt the babies :)
OMGG THIS is literally the cutest thing!! as a healthcare worker on the front lines u have made my day and i havent even started yet!
Reminds me of this book, the Christmas day kitten. This woman takes care of a stray cat that comes every day, then on Christmas the cat brings her kitten and ends up dying. But the woman ends up raising the kitten and naming him Buster and even teaches him to fetch. It hits you in thr feels but it's got a happy ending
MY HEART! <3 Omg.
That's cute
😍❤️
My heart can’t take the little mews ahhhhhhhhhhh spazzing
There are a few  mobile veterinarians in my area that are just about the same price as going to a brick-and-mortar place. I think you might get mama and the kitten checked out. Wouldn't be that much. Maybe get them spayed down the road.
Morning dose of cuteness! Needed this.
This looks exactly like my 22 year old cat I had to put down in November. Love her lots she’s beautiful and so is her baby. 😻😿
You’ve been chosen
0:14 

That cat was like : come here my boy😂
Awwww, I love them 💜💜💜💜💜💜💜
wtf is up with the cat door 20" off the ground?
Hope you’ll get the mama neutered so she can’t have no more babies
Those are you're fuckin cats now. You know that right. You're trusted. Don't break it
She adopted you, now they are yours!
Guaranteed 2 extra walks a day
My cat got her 1st then had 2 baby boy kittens. its just sad the other one died for no reason after a month. he is very healthy and playful. we were all shocked he died. Do you have any knowledge why?
I think it’s time to face the fact that you’ve been adopted.
Bless her and the kitten, both are so precious
When my cat gave birth, she wouldn't even trust me and I Took care of her for months.
Adopt!
And now you're the proud owner of 2 cats. More correctly, they have chosen you as their favourite human. Enjoy!

Strongly encourage you to desex your new cats as soon as the vet says it's safe. It's the #1 thing as a cat owner you can contribute to overall animal welfare and a healthy environment.
Do you want kitties?  Cause that’s how you get kitties.
You've just been adopted.
This reminds me of the cat in Miami. Every day the cat would meet me and take a walk with me and my dogs. I've fed it before, but it always walked with me before eating. There cat has a collar so I know it was somebody's. It felt really wholesome to be adopted by a cat.
Please get her and her kittens fixed. Stop the cycle :(
Congrats, you’ve levelled up!
Good lord that kitten has melted my icy heart.
You are thier human now.
Looks like you have 2 cats now.
You just got adopted OP!
Remind me 1 day
I fostered a puppy and my bf adopted her for me o  Valentines day.Since then Ive been talking about wanting a cat too.I should stay out of these subs.
O my heart.
she is asking for you to adopt her and the child
My cat decided my warm bed was more suitable for her kittens and brought all five under my duvet with me! There they stayed for another two weeks
Lol this cat looks just like my cat and her kitten looks like one of the 4 she had about a month ago.. lol I really thought it was them
Congrats. You have cats now.
Momma kitty
Just adopt them already
You‘ve been adopted
That’s pretty sweet.

Would the cat ever let you put a bell on it?
Did she say “crack head kitty” lol
Please adopt her
If you give a cat food and water... it's your cat, not a stray.
This is awesome.  We had a cat that looked just like that do something similar.  We found her under one of our cars when day and she never really left.  She used to hang out on our porch and was terrified of thunder so during storms my dad used to sit out with her and she'd just right up on him.   So she went by the name "stray kitty" then "new kitty" then when we realized she was pregnant "mama kitty".  She had three kittens and my sister and I convinced our parents to keep all three.
Did you take her and her baby in to your home?
My heart is melting!!!
Have you considered adopting her?
Time to adopt 😭
Bring those babes inside!!
animals > human
Do they have feline aids?
When I was five, something similar happened to us. Our neighbours didn’t care for their cat, doodles, and eventually they just let her become a stray cat. My mother and father would feed her and pet her, but she wouldn’t come into the house ever.

Eventually my dad decided to put a little bed in our shed for her, which she adored. We had a cat called Oreo at the time and they had become good friends. One morning I walked out to see doodles, usually she would let me hug her and be an annoying little five year old. However that day she hissed and moved back. My mother came out to the shed with me and doodles moved backwards, and from underneath her, four little kittens crawled out. We guessed that I was trying to be affectionate and that’s why she got annoyed, as after a while she let me let the kittens.

We ended up keeping doodles and all four of her kittens, our cat Oreo loved them.
Congrats! You have two new cats!
Why are 80% stray cats of this color. Remaining are orange
BUT WHAT DOES YOUR DOORMAT SAY?  I’m hoping it’s something about not wearing pants.
I would say that this is already a thing, and they are building it up, not building it.

They built the house a long time ago, now they're just adding on a few new rooms.
wow thats so amazing!
Thank you for sharing this video -
You can see that kitten want to attack the tail a little ways into the video and wishing it was just a little bit more mobile at its age.
You have 2 cats now!

One of our kitties was a stray in the same situation, except she brought us 5 newborn kittens! We kept mama and one kitten.
"You have provided food and has not attempted to hurt me, this is my young, I hope you continue to do the same to them."
She is what we call by definition a THOT
Adopt her
Omggggggggg this is the best
naww the little "meep"s :D
The tipped ear confuses me since she has a kitten (that's how vets mark ferals they've spayed/neutered so that rescues and other vets can tell the cat has already been fixed if it's brought in again).  Maybe it's just an accidental injury in this case.
Wait I must know what else happened? Are you gonna keep them? 😍
Illegally smol
Clingy and affectionate! Why does this ring a bell?
Aww keep it
Did you keep them?
You now have two cats!  So lucky!
Keep them! We did so with a cat when I was a child and she lived to be 19!
So now you have two cats, right?!?!?
Adopt those cute motherfuckers immediately!
That kitten looks very similar to one that was born in our kitchen a few weeks ago. It's now at an age where it roams all over the house to the point where even it's mother has trouble keeping track of it.
They are both such beautiful cats
Love that minikitty
You idiot. You’re now now harboring a illegally skip cat. The worst kind of them all
Please bring them inside and keep them there if you can. Kitties do not need to be outside, no matter how insistently they tell you they do, and they will live much longer lives inside. 🙂❤
Take them to the vet and bring them inside!
Adopt her, now
That kitten is more than a few days old. I would say about 3 weeks based on the video. Cats don't just have single kittens but it's possible the others didn't make it or the litter was only a pair. I would say if she hasn't gone back for more by tomorrow there is very low chance that they are out there.
That’s beautiful 😢
I hope you take her in, or make a shelter in the yard if you can't take her in.  Only 1 kitty?  I fear that there might have been others.
>~~Stray~~

*Free cat*

>~~Kitten~~

*Free cat*

^^^^^^^^. Congratulations, you now have two new pets. :)
Only one kitten? Ohes noes....
This must be the work of an enemy stand user
Is there something wrong with her front left paw? Looks like she was walking on it wierd.
Did you check for more?
Story of the day!
Looks like you got a new cat now, stray no more little one
I played the video and my 2 cats can't stop looking around to see where the mewing is coming from
I think you just adopted two cats
The kitty is yours now.
Where do you live? She looks exactly like my cat that i havent seen for a while.
Are you in Seattle, by chance?

There was a friendly neighborhood stray at the air bnb we stayed at who looks just like her!

https://i.imgur.com/ogWPY7M.jpg
Video isn't long enough. More.
now you have 4 cats....5.
Pay to have them spay /
Congratulations!  You are now the proud owner of two cats.  Live long and prosper!
Please get that cat spayed before she has more!
"Stray"
Catmom was like, "Watch me how I do it, kiddo."

Anyway that's a really adorable baby kitten. ❤️
I wish this video was like an hour long
Save lives. Get her spayed.
u/vredditdownloader
Check your city, there is usually a place that will do low cost or free spay/neuter then they mark the cats ear to show they are fixed and feral. Otherwise you will soon have A LOT MORE cats on your walks.
My best cats I’ve ever had were always the ones that were strays that I bonded with naturally. Ones that I got from rescues or friends were always assholes.
the cat finally found a good pet
When your mom wants you to meet her friends and you're shy...
Steal it. Raise it.
Miiw
you got adopted
Kitten? Singular? I call fake.
Looks like you got yourseld 2 new pets. Anything otherwise would be cruel.
That’s a good cat right there
Doesn't that cat have a clipped ear? They get clipped after a stray cat has been spayed/neutered then returned. That might not be her kitten, but one she found and brought to you.
She looks young! There's probably only one kitten... I had a less-than-1-year old cat who had a litter of 3; one died.
Omg 😭😭😭😭
This sort of thing never happens to me :( Jealous!
The cat choose the owner
That’s one happy mama!
Wow, What a precious child and grandchild.
Adopt immediately!!!!!
Sounds like you have 2 cats.
How sweet ! Hopefully you can give them some food
We have a stray cat that sometimes comes around. When we first moved here she was just a normal cat and then one day she came around and only had three legs. We can only guess what happened to have but most of the people in my family think she got hit with a car but someone took her to the vet because it was cleaned up very nicely. We named her Tom and she’s the closest thing I will ever have to a pet cat because everyone is allergic to them.
