I love how neither of the pets even flinch.
 Like, "Yeah, this is what we do in the afternoons now."
This kid has the best life right now, surrounded by her buddies and watching her show.
extra upvote for the green thumb/gardener in that household.
Which Pixar movie is this?
r/houseplants and r/cozyspaces as well
[deleted]
Does the heat not bother the cat?

Actually, now that I think about it, maybe the heat is welcome.
I imagine that when this girl is all grown up, all her furniture will actually be live animals.
We now need a painting of this!
When humans are happy and content, they wiggle their feet.
This is giving me Studio Ghibli vibe
This little girl is living exactly the way I want to live.
Damn, kids have good eyesight
I cat stand how cute this is.
She’s living my best life! Lucky girl.
/u/vredditshare

EDIT: https://i.imgur.com/bx4sJGD.gifv
Did a double take before I noticed the cat and dog. Best buddies ever!
LOL I do this and I’m an adult! My dog climbs up and lays on the foot of my recliner so I use his butt for my iPad! He gets what he wants by sitting on my chair and I get what I want by using his butt as a table. The only time it sucks is when he farts!!
She looks like Boo from Monsters Inc. So cute
Does anyone happen to know what kinds of flowers these are?
Those three are living their best quarantine life! I think dogs and cats and toddlers are loving this! Their grown ups are home 24/7!

Edited “ mom & dad”to “their grown ups” because inclusion is important!

Also edited to include the cat I didn’t see until someone pointed it out!!
What a gorgeous room!!! I wouldn't mind being quarantined in there
that little girl has life all figured out
Little girl: now you just stay here and don’t move

Dog: I wonder if that flower is edible
Can anyone name those plants?
I have never owned a plant but now I want to have that many flowers and plants in my living room... I need bigger windows.
High level druid. All that greenery and two animal companions.
Is she a Disney princess or something?!?
Is that dog alive? When does it move?
Does it bother anyone else that neither animal moves? Like not even a flinch.
Kids in their pajamas just kill me! It’s so cute! This video makes me happy.
This scene is so calming and beautiful.

The cute kid, cuddly pets, vibrant colours of the plants and blanket, and all bathed in natural sunlight.
this is the most adorable thing i’ve ever seen in my life
what an awesome deal for everyone... The cat gets to rest under a nice warm pad, the dog gets some cuddles, and the kid gets to watch her show in comfort.
Does anyone else find it weird that neither the dog or cat give a flicker of reaction?
All those flowers! It must be heaven to be quarentined in there.
The cats like "ooh, warm blanket". The dogs like "ooh, warm blanket".
Omg how adorable
is she watching cat videos lol
This is me and my dog, except I'm 29 and I should be working.
Yo this girl is living LIFE right now
From this short clip this child's childhood looks like absolute bliss.
What’s COVID19 with a childhood memory like this?
That kids going places
Brand new to Reddit and this is the first post I see. Not disappointed.
Does anybody know what type of flowers those are in the background? They're gorgeous.
I want to be her, please.
Aww! This reminds me of my grandmas golden retriever, Lady. I was about the same age as that little girl and Lady would always let me take naps on her.
Since my cat never leaves my lap or chest when I'm at home, I usually prop my phone up on his back when I'm using an emulator or watching something on my phone. Since quarantine I've taken it to the next level and began using my PS4 controller to browse Reddit in a similar manner.
/u/vredditshare
Asian babies are so smart.
I am pretty jealous right now.  Of the kid? Of the dog? Not entirely sure.
This is the level of chill to which I aspire.
Just wait until the doorbell rings... that kid is going flying!
this is anime irl
This is why I’m a firm believer of kids having pets when growing up. Literally a constant bond from childhood to adulthood which is imperative for growth.
Who do you think is happier, the girl sitting with her dog, or the dog with its girl?
Can we also address the home decor GOALS here?? Look at those plants! That natural light! I even like the doily-lookin sofa...
I want to live there!
She’s big chillin
Plot twist, they are both taxidermied
Rate her set-up
That’s the best behaved cat I’ve ever seen
That's not the way you learn math
The fabric is gorgeous
Just popped in to say I LOVE the decor in that room.
I feel bad for the cat. Instant cat stand.
This is so cute
So comfy feeling
My face is aching looking at all those flowers.
They have the prettiest indoor flowers
Innovative
Aww, that was super cute!  The little girl is so adorable and nothing beats a dog pillow.
Everything in that video is beautiful.
It’s crazy how most dogs seem to have this nanny instinct naturally embedded into their genes. It’s like good boy knows to tolerate the kid the same way any adult human would.
I miss my golden retriever :’( Brad you left this world 8 years ago and you are still greatly missed.
She has many videos of herself and her beloved cat and dog.  The cat is 7 and the dog is 5 and have been there since she was born.   It’s so cute in her older videos how the cat protects her from falling off the bed while she’s sleeping and the dog is so patient all the time.
Did someone finally manage to sneak some footage out of heaven???
Are the cat and dog real? How come there’s no movement from either at all‽
"I think I'll just lay on this dog-pillow". Would that be a 'dillow'? and she's watching on a 'cablet stand'.
[This kid in 20 years thinking back to how comfortable her parent/s made her feel during a literal pandemic.](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/g10oil/this_kids_gonna_look_back_on_this_quarantine_in_a/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)
1) Wow those are some pretty plants!

2) The pets and kid are so well behaved!

3) This has to be witchcraft to get this to work.
How do those animals not flinch it's natural for their skin to react? I dont understand
i thought the object the ipad was resting was a bunched up blanket and now upon my 6th rewatch i realize it is a CAT!

that kid is livin it up GOOD.
I didn't notice the cat the first time .Made it double adorable
Im almost sure both those animals are not real...
Why is it’s so hard to find dogs in my size
Great use of cat.
Everything about this is beautiful.
I didn't notice the cat on the first go... Everything is so cute and warm!
those flowers are so nice!
She won at life and I wonder if she even realizes that she's the winner atm.
This kid is living the dream!
I bet they are both dead
I bet she’s watching my neighbor totorro
This honestly looks like the perfect home to be raised in
I thought the other thing was a blanket until it became a cat
She's a Disney princess!
I just think it's the cutest thing ever and she has such a beautiful room
r/CozyPlaces
I like chill dogs.
Golden retriever is the best 🐕
Dinner and movies...
You've found the formula for success on this sub! Child, dog, cat!
Qualified good doggo
Wow all those plants are beautiful
The little feet wiggle at the end is everything
That kid has a better life than me wtf
Her little feet ! She’s so happy haha
Cute tiny and animals . But is anyone oohing and ahhing over the house plants ? Cause I am !
What a beautiful and bright space OP has created for their family. So soothing!
That old dog has such a nice smile on
She comf on big pupper
I think those are stuffed animals
宠物猫狗对于人类的幼崽总是很有耐心
Goldens are the best 💛
Asian babies are the cutest of all
this is the life!
That’s one mellow pooch.
Doggo pillows are the best
Never have I ever wanted to become a little girl this badly
This life is such a dream. I hope to achieve this someday.
What a beautiful setting and such a happy girl with very content, happy pets.
The room is so cheery!!!
Just me, or does she look like she’s going backwards in the beginning?
Is this idyllic world where Miyazaki gets his inspiration from?
Perfext
so cute! looks so cozy
Please God someone give me this room right now, I love it so much.
What a lovely space!
I'm wondering if theres a snooodle redit
Pretty sure that's my version of heaven.
AHHH SO CUTEEEEE\~
That was just so adorable it made my day
This girl has life figured out.
So much cuteness
Jade Harley
the toes.
This is totally what my wife does! While I'm at work...
quarantine goals
the best bed is a best bud
That kid has great eyesight, I can’t see that far away.
❤️
Ok that is cute but if i did that with my dog he would get annoyed at me and probably grumble at me. He does not like being treated like a pillow
This is my favourite house.
u/vredditdownloader
Soooooo cute!!!
Those sheets, w0w!
The window though
How the hell do they have that lovely in door garden with a toddler and a dog?! That is the real story here.
This is me and my dog. Except she’s the little wiggly one.
What an adorable family!
u/vredditdownloader
I like to think she's watching Dragonball Z cuz that's what I be doing if that was me at her age
r/cozyplaces
[deleted]
Looks like an Animal Crossing house.
>***Now THAT'S how you quarantine***
Let's talk about that awesome patio though
This is me right now, without the dog haha
Life goals
So cute.
By turbo saver do you mean "doubled"?
I was quarantining wrongly the whole time
u/vredditdownloader
Imagine being the kid as an adult with everything else the same ratio!!!
Is that a cat or a blanket?
I want this life!
A penny for that doggo's thoughts.
"Survive in style, champions!"
My god. I never thought I would be this jealous of a little girl.
Literally me for the past month, except with three cats as well.
That balcony looks amazing...
100 trillion Love in there.
u/vredditdownloader
Can do the whole pillow thing with cats as well, although the roles are reversed.
Is that a cat?
Bruh I'm literally laying just like that with my tablet held up by a blanket. I realize I'm really missing a dog..
I hope you're only planning on watching for 18 hours!
Thought the lil girl was twerking from the thumbnail.
r/ThisIsMyLifeNow <-dog
u/vredditshare
u/vredditshare
Aww the feet wiggles at the end 😭
My knees hurt just watching this.
haha, its so cute.
We have an 8yo golden and he has been the defacto pillow for tv watching for our kids over the last month. 

He’s so happy about it.
That's the best tablet stand
WHY IS THIS LITTE GIRL LIVING MY LIFE?!
Aww, cuties!
Question: Is it bad if a child leans on a dog for so long? Like a hour
see this is why people own tigers, we outgrow our doggies
yes...i just need a giant 200 lb dog to do this with. The perfect excuse...
This girl is living my dream 💕
u/VredditDownloader
Now that's a happy duo!
Josephine Exotic
Shadow's don't move
So much love....we doin it wrong people!!!
I strive for this T_T
That's so damn cute!!! 😍
You sure that cat isn't dead? It's way too chill about that
u/vredditdownloader
I wish to quarantine like that too #relaxingmoment
that dog looks like it's used to that
u/vredditdownloader
Chill creatures, beautiful flora... I want to isolate there.
Adults are also getting Chill like her nowadays.
Meanwhile doggo just stare at trees and think "That is BEAUTIFUL".
Good vibes
Oh snap I just rewatched the video and just noticed the cat holding up the iPad. 
I think this is heaven.
That pupper literally does not even move and it's the cutest thing ever.
Fantastic
Is that Boo?
TEAM WORK!
This kid is going to think back longingly on this moment for the rest of her life.
Too precious, I just love how the dog was chilling lol <3
r/vreddditdownloader
r/VredditDownloader
Just Aww..
Quarantine Like A Boss
i just noticed the cat!
/u/vredditdownloader
Made my day. Thank you.
Is... is this heaven?
Are those blankets on the sofa? They're gorgeous!
Cat? CAT!
u/vredditdownloader
u/VredditDownloader
r/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
r/cozyplaces
She has the ultimate lounge poses
That’s a chill dog
How can I download this video clip ?
LOLLLLL
/r/stuffoncats
This is so adorable
I wish I had a dog
She’s winning at life already
Aww
That cat is remarkably cool about this.
/u/stee4vendetta
This looks like animal crossing in real life
Clips like this make me sad I'm essential but glad I am helping make a better works for that little girl!
Big brain time
Just another day in paradise for two.
she's living my dream fantasy of life right now surrounded by sunlight, flowers, and pets 😍 except i would be listening to music on a record player and smoking weed 😝
It took me a while to realize that wasn’t a pillow behind her, it was a dog.
This is a Pixar movie.
Some Say She's still in the same spot to this day.
Ah, to still be small and innocent
I just watch this like five times before I realized there was a cat!
Now you know what really grinds my gears
Paradise.
/u/vredditshare
Those plants!!!!!
Really love it.
r/gardening Hard work pays off
Looks so comfy.
It would be super humid in that room right?
Fuck, that looks great.
Adorable ♥️🦋
u/VredditDownloader
Her content little foot taps at the end are everything
That kid sits and fidgets like an adult.
“...uh yes, I’d like one of everything.”
That child sure is in a wealthy family.
Lazy Boy 2020
That is not a cat, all the plants are still alive. Love the doggo.
Lo Fi chill beats to quarantine to. ++kittie and doggo
Radiation for the cat, snuggles for the dog. Wonder who the favourite pet is...
r/cozyplaces
Holy house plants!!!!
Plot twist: these animals were stuffed
Not gonna lie. Been there. Done that. These last three weeks.
u/vreddit_bot
Spoiled money is how we all want to live.
u/vredditdownloader
xclip -sel c < lifegoals.lst
u/VredditDownloader
My dog is stuck in South Africa after we immigrated to Australia. He was set to come in July but now with this I don't know when he's going to be here. Would have loved to spend time with him like this
that's how you live life!
Most goldens I see are hyperactive. Like they've got to be around you or at least fidget for a bit. 

And here we have one that is literally inactive.
Str8 chillin
She sits like my grandma used to when she watched TV on the couch! This is much too adorable.
GOOOOOOOOOOOD DOOOOOOG
Dreamy
i love this hOUSE
Those plants are beautiful.  Lovely room.
i need one more item to this list and will make this happen
Exact same thing happened to me... glorious game!
See this should be the content on r/cozyplaces instead of string lights and mansions.
tablet stand all set her pillow all set
Is this Heaven?
Me
well thats a lifeee
Well that just happens to look like the most comfortable place in the world.
Awwwwww!
/u/vredditshare
Two cute fatties
/u/vredditshare
That is sweet.
r/thisismylifenow
cool
Brings you back to earth!  Kids
We're reverting back to the Flintstones age, it doesn't look so terrible...
You can't have a more comfortable couch
"YESSSSS" - the Dog
r/gifsthatkeepongiving
/u/vredditshare
They don’t even move
"Wait is that the cat?"
"Wait is that the dog?"
u/vredditdownloader
I'm a bit terrified from how the pets are so still they look like taxidermy...
u/vredditshare
This is me, except my dog does this to me since I’m home all day, every day.
The dog tho, didnt even mind
That was WHOLESOME
Haha its amazing
This is a palace as a child. Beautiful.
nice
My dog hates me and would never let me do that
Absoute win! Pets who love to feel useful as well probably.
Resourcefulness at its best.
u/vredditdownloader
Cat and dog are defiantly stuffed
She is living the life of a QUEEN
life as pet in real life
amazing
The dog do be loving quarantine right now
Cute !!!
The next Elon musk
Good bou
Pretty flowers
What a patient dog... couldn't have been comfortable with the weight on her side
at first, I'd think the cat is a pillow xD
Aww that's so sweet
Awwwww
She be vibing
There’s so much in this that I love. Everything about it is so heartwarming
Goals
This is straight out of the Flintstones
Yeah until the dog shits all over you
This is so adorable! And the pets are just like ‘yeah I’m a pillow now’
u/vredditdownloader
Are pets and humans a type of symbiosis?
Fake animals
well that was adorable
Wow looks like everything is working out for her.
I can never reach that level of chill
So precious, so perfectly content.
I did that once. The cat really didn't do anything
vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
😍😊😍
Nice
💜💜💜
That’s what we all can do, watch tv or YouTube in quarantine. 

1) tv/YouTube
2) start a new skill
3) drawing
4) video games
5) art
6) cooking/baking 
7) read a book
8) add more suggestions
Pretty much would like
...like a boss.
That cat and dog are so fluppy that i did not even notice the cat at first until i saw its ears
u/vredditdownloader
Omg it’s the girl with the protective cat and loyal dog!!  HOW DO I FOLLOW THEM
Okay I full on had a good hearty laugh just from the simple fact that the cat was being used to prop up the screen 😝🤣🤣🤣 Thank you  ❤️❤️❤️
Freakin wholesome
I wonder which of these 3 they had to beat the hardest to pose like this
The dog is just accepting his life
Haha, the cat gets the tablet heat and the dog gets a human cuddle, perfect for both!
FLOWERS GOALS
Genius
Is that stuffed dog? Lol
What a lovely room to quarantine in. Sweet girl and pets.
Freaks me out a little that I don’t see them move at all
I ain't see neither
This little girl and her cat (mostly) have been doing the rounds on WhatsApp in quite a few videos, the cat is very protective and follows her all over, reminds me of my time as a toddler.

My mom had 2 Siamese cats (the ones they call Wichien Maat now, not these modern grossly interbred mongoloid looking Siamese) who looked after me from before I could crawl until I was old enough to be able to ditch them by out running them with my BMX LOL
Adorable!
u/vredditdownloader
I dont think either of those animals are alive dude
u/VRedditDownloader
An invaluable board
I legitimately thought the pets were a rock and furniture when she used them. Lol
this is a little heaven
Now those are some chilled out pets. Isn’t this little girl cute?
A comfy, beautiful couch, beautiful flowers everywhere, a purring cat holding up your tablet, and a dog as a back cushion...what more could you WANT??!
House looks expensive.
Is this quarantine Disney Princess Edition?
Adorable, also I just love that sofa covering.
didn’t even realise the dog was there till the end haha
this kid is going places
[https://www.reddit.com/u/VredditDownloader/](https://www.reddit.com/u/VredditDownloader/)
Nobody can tell that she has 10 birds flying in circles on her roof for a ceiling fan
"Chun Li, told you not to lay on the dinner already!"
This is the best thing I've seen all day
And then they ate them as was their culture.
I feel like this should be the new Chill Lo Fi Beats animation.
Boo?
Its creepy when people taxidermy dogs
/u/vredditdownloader
r/vredditdownloader
If this isn't life goals I don't know what is
My heart cannot handle this adorable video! Its the best thing I have watched in forever! Thank you!
u/vredditdownloader
Pr
I. Love. This.
Awesome!
Truly wonderful the mind if a child is. -Yoda
My dog won't even let me lean against her.... but oh when she needs a pillow suddenly I look like I'm stuffed with feathers.... that bitch
Oh, there’s like a child and a dog, I was waiting for the plants to get watered or something /s
You just have to hope that the cat doesn't move
Is those animals real lol
The kids got the outside brought in as well!
I wish my cats would sit still enough for this lol
Those pets better be called Mike and Sully!
r/dogswithjobs r/catswithjobs
This video is way before this quarantine though. Seen it years back. Sorry to be that person.
Slowly giving cancer to a cat...
She is truly at one with nature.
That dog is not alive.
Ah yes, teach you children from an early age to treat living beings like furniture, can't see the potential flaw in that. /s
Then your dog licks your delivery driver cause your dog is super sweet, and your whole house gets sick.
[removed]
>*'extra upvote for the green thumb/gardener in that household...*'

---

i am the dog - i sit n stare

at all the lovely flowers there...

am contemplate this 'thumb of green',

n What the Heck is *quarantine?*

there's So much I don't understand,

n do the two go hand in hand?

is 'green thumb' bad ? it means you 'sick' ?!

is 'quarantine' an evil trick ?

the humans here, n here they stay

they work on garden everyday

this little one - i like her here

(i know she likes to have me near)

we stuck inside,  but even so

still, as a famlee, we will grow

sometimes we wish we had more room

but nothing stop us -

We 

will

 *bloom*

❤️
CHUCK TESTA!
I like coughing *cough*
Ipad explodes
Cat fires into moon
Whole ecosystem collapses
Not to be a jerk but if that child sits that way often, with the feet bent out from the hips, that indicates a physical problem that needs to be addressed. A neighbor when I was growing up had to have corrective surgery for it.

Edited to add: it’s called W sitting and can indicate hip dysplasia or indicate/cause muscle weakness.
草抖音，去死
[deleted]
Nevermind the cat, I don't think that was a real dog. It was *way* too still. I didn't even see it blink. It wasn't even breathing. Like wouldnt you be able to visibly tell it was breathing given its size and the fact that it would have caused the girl to move with every breath?
Would’ve been cute had the animals not been fake. Are people really this bored?
A princess on her throne, with her footwarmer vixen at her feet and her fierce wolfhund at her back........
[removed]
[removed]
Why is ling ling using her dinner as a cushion?
I used to lay my head on my dogs when I was a kid. Every time I laid my ear on them, I could hear their heartbeat.
They gonna eat that dog afterwards, dog dumpling 🥟
Mad props to the small child who is gentle enough that she doesn't spook the family livestock.
fake animals
[removed]
Never really got why people stuff animals, I guess they have some uses.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Holup....Are these taxidermy pets?
[removed]
Genius!
[removed]
I'm sorry, I'm going to have to ask you to stay at least 6 ft away from the canine and the feline.
I thought she was gonna bang the cat for the second and I was extremely glad she didn't
If she's really watching as long as the video suggests, the parents are in for a major tantrum when she is told to put the tablet away.
[removed]
Tried to get my cat to watch Tiger King. She lost interest. I'm like "these cats are your ancestors! Do you dare dishonor the lions and tigers that came before you? Just because they are now in the cages of a man whose last name is literally Exotica doesn't mean that their pride has died. Watch in solidarity with your feline brothers and sisters!"
[deleted]
Anyone else cringe at the sight of children watching tv?
Who's standing there recording this? She deosnt even look to the camera, very weird
what isn't sayed is they are stuffed animals
[removed]
