So that’s what a catwalk is!
I think I attempted this, it would not blend in, and would definitely not be safe to support a cat.  Great work!
Better for judging people
You're a good owner...
I mean servant...
My dumbass cat would 100% fall off this.

*Edit- holy shit gold?! Thank you!
If she had thumbs she'd do the same for you.... I think.
You will go to heaven with this deed
I love it I just hope she doesn’t try to grab the light
Can we get a pic from the outside at night? should be a nice looking silhouette with that light behind him
Nice job, but immediately I think why can that window open if no one can reach it...
[deleted]
Awwwww little teddy came to look outside too!
Now you need to put stuff up there so the cat can knock it off
Very cool. Be careful though, I have something similar in my house (which is part of the house, not an add-on) and my cats have fallen off of it more than once.
I wish I was smol and could live on a little window ledge only for me :(
Sometimes when you sort by new you stumble on to something you know instantly is destined for the front page. This would be it.
Excellent fit and finish :) just a tip for addons like this, if you run a quick bead of white caulking down the joins with the wall and run your finger over it to smooth it down, you get rid of those gaps where it meets the wall. Takes the final paint finish to the next level :)
I'm sure she got quite a bit of satisfaction by watching you high up on your ladder working and sweating to build her special perch.
[deleted]
You are a great pet owner...I absolutely love this!
What happens if the cat throws up on it or something? How do you get up there to clean?
My cat would definitely jump off of this and hurt himself. He's done it before.
This really is a smart solution because it's also perfect for toddlers learning to balance!
Cat: I'll let you know if I need anything else.
You guys are absolutely awesome. Thank you all for the awards and upvotes. I NEVER thought something like this would happen. There are so many questions and comments. I couldn’t keep up, but am going to try and respond to as many as possible. I posted a video here on r/aww in hopes to answer most questions or address most concerns. This is absolutely insane to me.
You’re gonna regret that next time you pull out the cat carrier to go to the vet and she runs to that window
Was expecting to see pictures of the cat just staring at the bridge, not crossing it.  Glad to see the cat actually making use of it.
How are you going to clean it when she inevitably pukes up there?
Thank you for showing us how deep the ledge was haha.

One of your earlier posts left me concerned.
Drunk me would try to walk across that
AWESOME! You are one cool parent to do that for her. 🐾🐾
She probably feels like she unlocked a new level
You are awesome. In all seriousness, this one act says a lot about you. Something about people doing nice things for animals is so heartwarming.
Love this so much! My only worry is falling off. Anyway you could add a few inches by the window? My kitties have rolled off stuff when they are relaxed/stretching so I worry this could happen up high. Great work though!

Edit: You could make the spot by the window a clear house maybe? Then you can still see her enjoying the window :)
Best use of quarantine time yet.
This is what humans do when they're home all day because of some virus.
“Yes, (insert owner name), this will suffice. You may eat now” 


-Master
Wholesome af. Wow! This makes me think what I could build for my cat.
How high up is that? We just saw a cat fall off the third story of a building because it was jumping up on a perch and lost its footing. Now that’s all I see when looking at something like this.
That's a really lovely thing to do for her :)  I also love that she's taken her teddy up there with her!

I must ask though: why on earth is there a window that you can apparently open but you can't reach!? Is it for air flow? Does it look like it opens but it doesn't? Curious minds!!!
Social distancing expert level.
Ever seen god? 
Look into the mirror
You deserve her ❤️
Its a catwalk
This is amazing.
So happy for her 💕
Damn! Nice work!
I love this but my cat is too gd dumb and attacks its tail to much. Stupid mf would fall right off that.
Does she shake her little tush on the catwalk?, yeah on the catwalk, she shakes her little tush on the catwalk.
I work with the guy who did this!!!
It's over hooman. I havs the highest of grounds
This is really cool. Would love to see pics of it in progress.
see im just curious how the hell you managed to build something in such an awkward spot
You are a good person, thank you.
I made something like that for or cats to escape the kids! I made a catwalk they could use to get to a perch, about 9 feet high.
 You sir/miss...are a decent fuckin human. Cheers to people such as yourself. 👍✌️
This is so sweet
dis kitty happy
I love this! But my dumb ass cat would absolutely fall off.
I hope my cat doesn't see this
Fucking legend
I hope this gets the most likes ever! You are an awesome kitty parent :)
Man. Thank you for giving that little homie a life like that.
A judgement bridge so she can judge people from above
My cat uses my legs as a bridge when she needs one. It’s really cute. If you put your heels on the windowsill then she walks right over to it.
I was gonna give this my last two 50-coins-or-under award on this, my only 100 coins I've earned in over 3 years on Reddit ..

But I can see you have enough love here
R/mademesmile
Nice spot for a shitload of cat hair
Nice!
Wholesome, functional and looks good
First of all, you’re amazing
Looks nice as well. We made a carpeted window perch, my 2 are always there. We put pet screen in the screen and they are like kittens when the windows are open. They can see our bird feeders near by.  If I had your skill, I would have a different living room !!
That’s a better angle! I love that you carpeted it for her too!
I see no god up here ! But me!
Winning Pet-Parent of the year award, hands down.
Real talk, that window is pretty in the middle of nowhere normally.
Was your house renovated at one point? It seems a little odd to install an opening window in a hard to reach spot to begin with.
Spoiled much?
That is love!
Awwwwww I bet she loves it. This is so thoughtful
The lengths we go through to make our cats happy lmao.  You are a good person. OP.
What do you do when she coughs a hairball on that ledge! Joking. That is a totally awesome place to lounge, lucky cat!
Awe I love when people make the house into a home for their pets too. It's so considerate and sweet.
Aw! Good human!

My house has a window like that. Ridiculously high ceiling in the foyer and I hope the light up there never burns out because I'm not sure I'd be able to reach it.
Aww
Cat parent of the year nomination right here!
I love cats. You have done a wonderful thing for your cat. This would suggest you are at least a decent person.
Now I want a bridge!!!!
And a cat.
Everyone liked that
The funny thing to me is why that window even has a latch to lock it. Who in their right mind would even attempt to break into that window once they saw the inside from it? Do you need a ladder to open that window? Do you ever even open it? I have so many questions...
Out of curiosity, are cats ok falling from that height?
I would be way too worried about it falling and dying upon impact
This, is how you own an indoor cat.
Wow that’s so sweet.
Are you my husband?
How are you gonna be able to keep that clean? It looks just too far for a vaccuum extension.
But how do humans reach the window?
Your improvements are adequate human.
Cat walk.
This isn't a bridge. It's a Catwalk.
I would do that for my cat, if I had a house. and if I had a cat.
What a good hooman
“Yes. Good hooman”
Super cool. Hope she doesn't wanna swing from that light! Lol.
Just wait until she leaves her favourite toy up there then emotionally screams for you to get the ladder and rescue it *even though she can just walk over and get it but she’s on the ground and isn’t thinking straight and she neeeeeeeeeeeds her mousey toy*. 

I may be speaking from experience.
My dumbass cat would try jumping to that pendant light.
So clever and very well-made… Congratulations!
You are best cat-parent.
Good Job ! Now hail the Queen !
Needs a sign in the stairwell that says “watch for falling cats”
My cats would fall off. They have each jumped up onto the two story ledge like yours and each has managed to fall off. One hung on valiantly and scratched the sh!t out of the wall before she fell. No injuries, just stunned and hid for a few hours in shame.
Great job... Now you just need to teach her, when needed how to clean that hanging light fixture and also to change the bulb in it.
It’s literally a catwalk.
No way I could have one of those for my cat. My cat can't even lay on the bed without rolling off it.
I gotta ask. Why does that window open? That looks like it’s about 18-20ft up and about 10ft out. I mean, I’m not asking why there is a window there. But who is going to be able to open that without a ladder?
Another place where she can look down on you from. 

Nice work! Looks hella well made
10/10 my cat would go for the light now :D
What happens if she has a hairball or an accident up there..... should record it and post it back here.
Ultimate cat dad!
Quarantine day 67 be like
Time well spent.
Jackson Galaxy would be proud!

I think it’s awesome :)
This looks like the window buzz light year tried to fly out of
She must be protected at all costs
Did you put the stuffed animal there or did your cat???
I find those kind of window setups weird. Glad you could make a use out of the space!
This is empathy and love embodied. Holy dang man. You even painted it. I would have thrown an ironing board across there and been done with it.
What happens if she barfs over there?
That’s awesome! I love that it’s carpeted!
🎶 Cause I'm a model, you know what I mean

And I do my little turn on the catwalk

Yeah, on the catwalk 

On the catwalk, yeah

I shake my little tush on the catwalk 🎶
The type of owner every pet deserves.
Everybody liked that.
No one asking why that window actually opens though???
I see you included more photos from the previous post! Very well done.
r/AnimalsBeingBros
I’m scared for that light that is *juuuust* within reach. 

P. S. Phenomenal work!
Why is the window so high?
You are a true friend to that cat
Adorable! So thoughtful. Very important question: did she bring that pillow there herself or did you somehow place it there at the window for her?!
Soo, no one's going to ask why the hell there is a double hung window that high?
Now she has a place to go when she gets in trouble that you won't be able to get to her at.
And carpeted. Bless you.
OP will be found dead at some point after trying to retrieve his keys or something the cat stole.
here’s a poor mans gold 🥇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣤⣶⣶⡶⠦⠴⠶⠶⠶⠶⡶⠶⠦⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⠀⢀⣤⠄⠀⠀⣶⢤⣄⠀⠀⠀⣤⣤⣄⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡷⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠙⠢⠙⠻⣿⡿⠿⠿⠫⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣤⠞⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⣴⣶⣄⠀⠀⠀⢀⣕⠦⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⢀⣤⠾⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣼⣿⠟⢿⣆⠀⢠⡟⠉⠉⠊⠳⢤⣀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⣠⡾⠛⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣀⣾⣿⠃⠀⡀⠹⣧⣘⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠳⢤⡀ ⠀⣿⡀⠀⠀⢠⣶⣶⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠁⠀⣼⠃⠀⢹⣿⣿⣿⣶⣶⣤⠀⠀⠀⢰⣷ ⠀⢿⣇⠀⠀⠈⠻⡟⠛⠋⠉⠉⠀⠀⡼⠃⠀⢠⣿⠋⠉⠉⠛⠛⠋⠀⢀⢀⣿⡏ ⠀⠘⣿⡄⠀⠀⠀⠈⠢⡀⠀⠀⠀⡼⠁⠀⢠⣿⠇⠀⠀⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡜⣼⡿⠀ ⠀⠀⢻⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⡄⠀⢰⠃⠀⠀⣾⡟⠀⠀⠸⡇⠀⠀⠀⢰⢧⣿⠃⠀ ⠀⠀⠘⣿⣇⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⠇⠀⠇⠀⠀⣼⠟⠀⠀⠀⠀⣇⠀⠀⢀⡟⣾⡟⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⢹⣿⡄⠀⠀⠀⣿⠀⣀⣠⠴⠚⠛⠶⣤⣀⠀⠀⢻⠀⢀⡾⣹⣿⠃⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⢿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠙⠊⠁⠀⢠⡆⠀⠀⠀⠉⠛⠓⠋⠀⠸⢣⣿⠏⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⣿⣷⣦⣤⣤⣄⣀⣀⣿⣤⣤⣤⣤⣤⣄⣀⣀⣀⣀⣾⡟⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢹⣿⣿⣿⣻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠃
Now, that’s a Catwalk!
This is blowing up on every sub u post it on
Literally Animal Crossing
Looks like she loves it!
How are you going to vaccuum it? Looks really neat but..
Love that you added carpet to the walkway, for added luxury.
TBH it fills me with dread that she might fall, but with that being said, you are one awesome cat owner.
All you need is for your cat to start hiding things there
The things we do for our pets, man.
People who do things like this for their pets are attentive lovers. Change my mind.
I'm not a cat person, but thats pretty cool
Oh you even carpeted it. ❤
This is the first time i see a 100k upvote and its  a valid post too cute cat
This is beautiful
I swear to Nook I thought this was an Animal Crossing post at first glance.
You literally gave her her hearts disire!  You u/soup_sammich_ are a truly admirable human being!
Everyone liked that!
The next owners of that house are gonna be completely confused. That is if it dosent stay in the family.
Great idea until she yaks a hairball up there that you need to clean up!
This is so sweet and a wonderful idea. It’s obvious you love her very much.
Awe. Quality of life for house cat has increased tenfold.
that's  definitely  awesome
Aww. You're a good daddy.
Good cat parent <3
This is so great and looks really classy
Not sure if op will answer this, but how is something like this made? I only know how to put up shelving basically by keeping it held up with brackets below it. Sorry for the boring question
I really want to do this. I have a similar space in my home. I’ve been begging the husband to help me.
Best picture I've seen in a long time. Love it!
Wholesome :3
That is awesome that you would do that specifically for her.
Why does that window open if you can’t reach it?

Btw, nice bridge for the cat!
You are a good human.
[deleted]
A much younger me would have tried to use it as well.
I'm curious, op, did she express gratitude in any way? Did she understand you made it for her?
Best part is I'm sure you did a bunch of unsafe ladder maneuvers for this magnificent piece
How did you get the stuffed animal there? Did you walk the bridge or throw it there? LOL
Not a cat guy, but this is awesome.
Amazing.  I would totally do that for my cats if we had a larger space.
Is there carpet on the bridge? That's amazing attention and care to detail, although I'd worry about it collecting too much dust!
I needed this. Made my heart smile.
This looks SO NICE
[deleted]
I would have loved to see a video of the first time she found the bridge.
My fucking idiot cat would see dragons and end up jumping, giving me a heart attack
Awww you’re good people
so much cuteness.
You're a good human
Spoiled kitty
awwwwwwww!!!
This made me so happy. I just built a window seat with a completely unnecessary shelf so that my cat has a better view of the birds that sit on the electrical wires.
You made me want to cry a little bit. Now I need to go and try to solve the problem of my cat not being able to get into any high cupboards in our new place.
I hope she never throws up over there.
nice
Will you be my dad, too?? 😭😭
THAT IS AWESOME!!!!😻
It's over now. She has the high ground
You are the partner I have always dreamed of! Someone that loves their animals so much they’ll mod the house for them 😭
My freaking kids would absolutely, 100% climb out on this and fall.
Yeah those stuffed animals are getting knocked off for sure.
THIS IS SO CUTE! ♥️
Good human.
YOU ARE THE BESTEST HOOMAN.
LOVE THIS! So clever! Happy Kitty now
A cat I had growing up use to use the closed window frame in my bedroom to cross from my bunk to the top of a wardrobe. That was his space to look down on us lowly humans.
Best cat owner ever!
I’m so impressed!!
This is the ledge of toy story that buzz jumps to fr
Best Cat Dad Ever!!!!!
U R THE BEST!
r/nextfuckinglevel
She approves and will continue to let you live in the house with her
Yup. He’s a keeper.
Some kitties are spoiled !🐈
🐈 Nice one... I bet she loves it...
You’re a good human being 💕
So what happens if you need to grab her and then she hides on her little bridge
This. Is. So. Sweet. And it’s carpeted! I’m tearing up.
This is cool. I always think it’s neat when cat owners build features for their cats into their homes. Like elaborate cat trees that are also decorative pieces for the room and stuff.
These pictures are fantastic! What a great idea you executed for your darling putty tat!!! It's every cat's dream to be up in the window like that, way up high. You've outdone yourself, hooman! I love all the upvotes!
L❤️🧡💛💚💙💜💙💚💛🧡❤️VE!
Can you imagine coming home and your cat flying down from the ledge, gripping onto your back, to greet you? I can, I can see my cat doing that. It would be a great way to introduce new people into the home.
My cat would fall asleep, roll over and die. I hope your cat is smart!
Bless you, you put down carpet for the little angel ❤
Wow!  That’s spectacular, and from the looks of it, so is your house!!  Nice work and happy cat  😸
She has her own window seat!!! So cute! I wonder how you manage to clean that part though
You are a worthy cat owner
My first thought: that’s cute
My second: oooo, but how do you clean that? Vacuuming that thing on a ladder sounds precarious. Coat hair raining down from above!
Can you get to her if she needs to go to the vet or something is wrong?

It looks so cute!
Holly guacamole! That is amazing! I looked through  the commemts but I couldn't  find it. How did you build  it?? It looks suspended, I am curious  on how you managed! It's  a masterpiece btw
Jackson Galaxy would approve
Did she watch you build it? Does she realize it’s *for her*? I wonder if she understands that. Kind of wild
This is fantastic!! Hey, do me a favor- treat yoself and get a clear filament style LED bulb for that light, it’ll look very nice :) They’re pretty cheap anymore.
That looks really nice and gives the cat some of his own space. You could consider completing the walk with a set of wall-mounted platforms the cat could jump on as a way to down/up, so the route wouldn't be a dead end. 

I watched some TV series on Youtube where a cat behaviourist was solving people's problems with their cats. One of the solutions was the cat's own route along the walls, implemented with wall-mounted platforms since the cat needed more of his own space and was having behavioural issues as a result. This post reminded me of that episode.
Looks like you even carpeted the bridge.  Nice!
Your a good person. That's awesome!!
Aww.  You're a great cat parent!
This is just so wholesome... omggggg, best cat owner ever!
Wow, nice....

But I have to say, you should've made the ledge under the window a little bigger so that she could properly lounge as she looks out over the street.
Typical cat. Now you've built that she'll probably never go there again! 😂
Nooooooo I don’t want her to fall:(
I like everything about this!
It's great but if that kitty falls asleep, could easily roll over the ledge.
Ya ya cats have 9 lives.. but that looks like a hella fall!
Would of made it with cute little rails of some sort at least!
Well if she falls she be fucked 😂
Hopefully the cat appreciates the loving effort.  Also, that light really adds to the space.
Mvp shit
Serious question for anyone with something like this in your house.....how do you vacuum it?
I understand that cats are agile and not as stupid as babies, but I’m always so stressed mine would be dumbasses and fall off
That's so sweet. Also could train her to bring lights over lol so you can change xmas lights.
You’re a wonderful pet parent. I’m sure she appreciates it.
r/aww? More like r/nextfuckinglevel!
This is so cool! But id be so scared of my cat being up there. She once jumped up onto a wall overlooking the 1st floor but slipped and fell to the first floor onto wood floor. She was fine thank goodness, but I found a little blood on the floor and couldn't figure out where it came from on her. Since then she hasn't jumped up there again
Shes gonna throw up over there, and youll never be able to clean it up.
Omg this is the cutest
Still can't look down on you enough.
Straight up adorable and well built!
When you move out, the next house owner is going to post on r/whatisthisthing
Oof. Take that down before you try to sell your house. That’s a lawsuit waiting to happen if someone with kids moves in.
Holy crap.  Best cat owner ever.
That is amazing!
"Catification" in the first degree.
I see her eyeing the chandelier next....
So sweet!
I love you for this.

Edit: how did you install it?
Awesome
Best. Human. Ever.
Way to go. 

You are good!
The world is a better place now.
Maybe humanity wasn’t a mistake
I love it
/r/HumansBeingBros
Your house reminds me of Cid's house from toy story 1.
I’ve discovered cats just love windows.
Such a lucky kitty! Well done!
You work hard to give your cat a better a life. You’re a great person.
Is it at a height where she can jump down and freak people out??
How long did it take you?
How nice of you!!!
This is awesome. Thank you for your service.
Sweet...awesome job!
r/humansbeingbros
Beautiful.

You can do this for one cat. If you have two cats, someone's gonna get knocked off, I guarantee it.
Wonderful vantage point!
this gives me anxiety
That looks amazing. A r/diy post please, now I want to do one! Great work seriously
You did a great job and what a wonderful idea :)
Humans being bros
Good Dad/Mom.
Cat thoughts\* -  'Good human.'
My cat would derp off of that platform. Good work, though OP!
Do you use a ladder every time you want to open and close the window?
❤️❤️❤️
r/sweatypalms
That's exactly where my cat would go when she doesnt want meds or a bath. Then she would just loaf up and blink while not looking directly at me.
Purrrrfect.
that is so cool!! lucky girl, she is loved.
Sounds like how the other nurse got accused.
 **~~~~**
Very cool!
Good choice on carpet color.  It'll hide when the cat inevitably pukes on it.
Haha I'm glad you posted these alternate views cause the earlier photo had me thinking, "damn, this person really wants to test the whole '9 lives' theory"
Do a little fence by the widow so she doesn't roll off.
Aw that’s so cute!! 😻
awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
How'd you fix it to the wall?
r/humansbeingbros
And the cat proceeds to spit up a massive hairball on it within days. Right on the most difficult spot to acesss
Does he do a little turn on the catwalk?

Yeah, on the catwalk.

On the catwalk, yeah.

Does he shake his little tush on the catwalk?
Things like this are just so heartwarming & nice to see! ☺️
If that was my cat that is where she’d hide when I need to take her to the vet knowing I couldn’t get up there to get her.
Love it! Now how long will it take the cat to start messing with the light?😊
So spoiled.
you're the best
Nice, I have that exact same panda pillow pet.
My first thought: Cat would puke up there at some point and I’d never know. And even after finding out would be too lazy to break out an extension ladder to clean that shit up.
My fear of heights is activated just by looking at this image.
What a lofty project
pets looking down towards the lens is such a great photo angle.

I love it.
I love it!
I would be terrified that she would fall! You have more guts than me
Now I’m staring at this picture the same way the cat stared at the window :(
Aww what a cute tortie and a great idea!
That is awesome! Where better to drop from on unsuspecting heads and shoulders?!
Awww that’s so great. 😊 love folks that will do anything to make their pets lives easier 👏👍
Nice
My home has the exact same layout as you and this would be so awesome for my cats!
You have no idea how much she probably appreciates that (well you probably do), but big props to you!
Humans being bros.
I guess r/aww likes cats more than r/woodworking! Or maybe it due to more pictures either way it still looks great!
Next looking at her liberty but could never reach
This looks awesome, good job! I'm sure she's loving it!  :D
There is nothing in this world my cats love more than their window hammocks. The double decker is just about the only place they willingly hang out together.
Just wait until you have to clean that now.
This is amazing
You have been declared WORTHY!
Let’s be honest we all want a bridge like this to a window.
R/humansbeingbros
She's too sexy for her bridge.
If I know cats, which I do, it wont be long until she rewards your kindness with a nasty hairball right our reach for cleaning on that bridge, Lol! But its awesome anyways, and totslly worth it, I love it.
That’s cute, Thank you for the idea
That's awesome! How did you mount the shelf to the wall?
Looks kind of dangerous with no rails
My cat loves looking out the screen door because it's a window that goes all the way down to his eye level and i always feel bad when i have to close the door at the end of the day
Cats love staring out of windows you actually made her life so much better aw
Widows walk
You are a truly excellent human being.
I wonder why is there a window in that spot?
But how easily can you clean it?
Your a great cat parent.
We have a window and railing very similar to this with 9 foot ceilings on the first floor.  When our cats were young, one of them leapt up and out attacking something that was invisible, perhaps a strand of old spider web.  My heart sank.  The space of time between his jump and the sound of hitting the ground felt like an eternity.  I ran downstairs and looked all over for him, eventually found him under a recliner.  I coaxed him out and palpated all his limbs and feet and nothing was wrong.  It was all a big terrifying nothing I guess.
My cat falls off my bed all the time while she carelessly rolls on her back. She isnt coordinated enough for these luxury’s
Yay
Cheers to you! Wow! My cat hates ME now so thanks for that. 😜
It’s great until the cat eventually falls off it
My question is why does that window open? How would you even open it?
This is so thoughtful! I bet she's so happy! :D
This is amazing. And it looks really well done too. Very cool idea and execution !!!!
I love this. If I had a cat I would want this in my house. I've seen the comments about cats falling from similar ledges...if your cat is usually very calm and not given to fits of silliness then I wouldn't worry. But many cat bridges have flexible rails made from rope or paracord, and that would be easy for a cat to catch or grab onto if they lose their balance. That could be a great option for both practicality and aesthetics.
Is that a wall shelf or did you piece it together yourself?
Dogs have masters.

Cats have staff.
I have a similar window in my apartment, my cat would LOVE if I could build her something like this
She looks like she's about to sing a Disney-esque musical number.
Hope you didn’t like that light fixture
I am allergic to cats and mostly hate them, but this is next level cool and it makes me wish I could have one.
That’s honestly wholesome as heck
Hmm. I wonder how that comfy cushion got there? A very brave owner or a very persistent pussycat?
She will now spare your life in the days to come
Do you have a making of album by chance? Would love to see this kit getting made
What if she never returns 😂
Cat be like - "he is the Messiah"
Not to be a dick or something , you did a very good Job but what if the cat jump on you while you are walking up or down the stairs .
You went and gave yourself a ceiling cat (is watching you).
You’re the best cat companion!  Thanks for sharing.
The upside to living in a McMansion
Omg, I love you
wow thats freaking amazing!!! i know that baby is spoiled rotten!
Rock the Casbah!  Or... is it walk the cat walk?
That is awesome! I should do something like that for my masters as well.
I'd be  to scared to do that for my cats but at the same time they'd probably try and do something dangerous to get there anyhow if i had a similar window.
Omg I'd be so afraid my cat would tumble off.
Got to be female
One day it’ll break and oh god that’s bad to imagine.
How do you keep that clean?
So cool!!!!
Feels like a mesh safety net would be a good idea.

Buddy had a dumbass cat high on the nip fall and break a leg from something like this.
How do you clean it or change out the toys?
One day she’s gonna open the window at night and let in her secret cat militia to overtake you. Wake up, don’t fall for her tricks.
New area unlocked!
Sure you do it for your cat and you're a hero, I do it for my newborn baby and suddenly I'm a bad father.

/s :P
My cat fell off a 3ft windowsill and ended up with a luxating patella that required surgery. This picture gives me so much anxiety
Great cat walk. Do you realize were servant to our cats parrot and dogs?
I am not even a cat person, but this is really wonderful.
BRAVO!
You sir, you win.
Cats know a good sniper position when they see one
I actually said, “aww” out loud. I never do that.
This is great! Unless you have young children...
I have one of these too! She doesn't use it super often though.
good job. Now she can stare at the world and contemplate how to take over it! muahahha /s
Last pic looks like Lisa in P.T.
How do you clean it tho?
Glad to see you posted more! That is awesome. Always wanted to do that (but a condo ;/)
best pet parents ever!
>that floor plan

>that yard 

>those trees 

>that lighting 


What part of Metro Atlanta are you in?
This is wonderful!
It will really suck when the cat poops next to the window and you can't reach it
Not the hero we deserved but the hero we needed
If I was a toddler I would climb the shit out of this hahah
Ya know, I used to take my old boy around the house and let him smell everything he couldn't reach and let him just see everything he used to be able to see when he was young. I probably should have done something like this, but...I think he liked our little walks. 


He would snoot about and turn back and boop me with his snoot as if to say,  "Did you see that??" And I would just boop him back and let him know I did see what he saw. I still miss him
CATS RULE.. DOGS DROOL 🤣🤣🤣🙄😄😄😄✌️
Awww this made my heart so happy. I have two cats and one is missing a back leg. The other one could jump up on a few windowsills the other couldn't reach. I noticed she would just look up and watch the other one look out so I made a little staircase. Oh my goodness the difference it has made for her. It's her favorite spot in the house currently.
Wow!!!!

I love it! 

I have a similar window that my cat jumps too. He loves it but I am so scared Ima step on his body on in the Foyer when I walk in from work.
, well isn't that incredibly thoughtful
Will a roomba fit down there?
This is amazing!
Love this
What do you think the weight limitation on this beam is?
Beautiful! Thank you!
Cats seem to like staring out of a window.
How do u plan to clean the bridge if u cant walk over it ?
The squirrels in our backyard use our fence to get around and avoid our dog. I call it the Great Squirrel Highway.
just hope she doesn't jump  on top of you from that high up or just try to jump down.
Good luck getting a hold of her when it’s time to go to the vet!
Going to be tricky to clean
I once lived in a house with a similarly placed window, though it was an octagon shape. My roommate had a cat. One day he discovered he could jump from the railing to the window and back.
I would definitely end up also trying the bridge out... Although less gracefully and with 100% more broken bones 😂
It’s a Tortie! I have one myself. Tortoiseshell cats are my favorite. It’s like having a mutant cat as a pet, but in a good way.
It’s amazing! However, what are you gonna do if the cat .. falls? I mean, maybe it’s just my cat but sometimes he rolls around in his sleep and i’ve seen him accidentally fall off my bed once or twice. If your cat falls from there, that’s a dead kitty
You are the best <3
What she really wanted was a closer view of that santa claus pic
Why is that window double-hung?
I would be so paranoid that my kitty would fall asleep and accidentally roll off the ledge; he’s done that many times on the couch. 😬
I need to do this. Great job!!
Why does this pic fill me with anxiety and make my hands sweaty?
My cat would fall but it’s a great idea for smarter felines lol
This is precious
I'm just impressed that this window has a latch. Like it was intended to be opened.
I guess you clean from the outside?
How do you keep it clean though?
someones been watching jackson galaxy
Did she place that toy/bed there or did you do it?
I like how the stuffed animal is not even in the other two photos. Probably taken after the cat knocked them off. XD
Good on you!!!
That’s awesome, but how do you clean it?
Truly an awesome idea. Way to follow through
Nice
If you zoom in close enough you can see Rick passed out on the couch watching how a plumbus is made. 



/s
Hopefully she doesn't jump in your light!
Why is there even a window there in the first place
She is your master!!
That’s awesome! You did a great job. Isn’t it crazy the things we will do for our fur friends. :)
If you were to ever move the next home owners would be so confused as to what that was used for, and I love that thought.
This is pretty cool. One question, what is the space between the window and the wall for? Are there stairs there? The layout has me a bit confused.
Nice attitude! Nice one!
Good on you for using LED lightbulbs. 

That is so environmentally friendly.
Did she carry the toy there, or did you?
Oh god I would put a railing because I’m an anxious bish
You're the best.
How cooool! That window is super high!
My wife is a real estate agent and when we see stuff like this we're always like wtf, people are strange. Lol. 

You do look like the type of person who will do a decent job of taking it down and patching things up before you list though, which is way more rare than you'd think. 

And yes, I enjoy "previewing" homes with my wife... i.e walking through strange people's homes and judging them.  Lol
*everyone liked that*
How'd you get to it if there's an emergency?
How do you clean it?
I wonder what animals think about when they sit looking out a window?
This is so wonderful.
I have one of those useless windows in my stairwell too and my cats would love this! So jealous.
R/sweatypaws
How long did this take to put up?
And then it collapses
r/interestingasfuck
Run that bridge around the rest of the room!

Purrrrrrr
You da Bomb!
How do you vacuum that?
You're awesome!
Nice, but I hate high ceilings in cold climates.
I love this cat!
That's awesome.

My boy would promptly walk out to the far end of the catwalk and puke all over it and the wall below.
Cool! 😸
Shit's tight.
Hella dope
The cat: this window is boring.. wait there is another window.
She doesn’t ever try to jump down to you, does she—When you’re below her?
I've been wanting to do this for a number of years. I would have definitely made the comfort area wider so kitty can stretch out comfortably.
Brilliant. You even carpeted the catwalk!
Just because I'm a huge safety freak, I'd consider putting a roof and a raised wall on the sides. It looks like a long fall.
she won't live...but then he wears sandles.  :-/
Buzz could have done with this in Sids house.
It's really important for a cat's psychological well being to have elevated spots to which it can retreat and observe the surroundings. Your cat can be glad to have you as an owner.
So kind of you to do that!
Woulda been cooler and less work if you just made the ramp into parkour for miss cat or maybe that's more work
This is some of the cutest shit ever
welp just got sweat palms looking at this...  aiiieeee
Now everyone’s cat is going to want one!
Am I the only person who finds this very… PURRcarious?
Definitely worth spending my stimulus check on something like this for my owners err cats.
This will be her shelter in place location the next time you need to take her to the vet.
Beautifully made as well. Do you have a ladder to reach in case of emergency help is needed.
Now she will drop on your head as you are climbing the stairs.
As someone who has build some shelves and done rudimentary finishing work...  damn friend that's beautifully put together.
This is amazing.
It’s gonna suck when she gets a hairball near the window.
I will thank you for her. Thank you.
For what purpose did someone make it a sliding window?
Nice CatWalk
Reminds me of [The Cats' House](https://www.catshouse.com/index).
I wanna do this for my car my! Not for a window, but  just so they can get high
Noice catifacation
And you carpeted it 😩 my heart.
Now that is love ❤
The bottom right picture reminds of that "I see no god up here, except me" cat meme lol
A “don’t climb” sign also works.
I shall bring my toys, and use them as projectiles against the hoomans below.
I like the pillow. Wish I could get a place with a view like that!
Neat.

Now teach your cat how to do windows
that's so cute!
Happiest cat alive
I strongly recommend visiting Switzerland, the wonderful cat bridges and walkways here are fantastic!
If you would put a pressure pad switch music  thing that would play the river Kwai March as the cat walked I could give you 5 stars ⭐️ 4.5
How long before the cat is swinging from the light and the house is on fire?
Now she can finally reach the light!
Kinda like that house on seige but not
Pet parenting done right
That's awesome! Until she falls asleep in the window, rolls over and falls. Lol
scary high - but cats love that.  You're kitty is spoiled
So wholesome
This is wonderful.
guy's wife: you never build me anything!
This is awesome
I love this so much
That’s legit!
Does "what a good boi/grrrl" apply to owners?
God damnit, that is such an amazing idea. Your cat is lucky to have you as it's owner/servant!
I'm very happy for your cat!
That's love, man
That has to look weird without context
Put a 5 inch transparent wall behind her and watch her snooze there all day
You y an excellent cat parent! Lucky Kitty.
What a good cat slave 👏👏👏👏
This looks like the window Buzz tries to jump to in the first Toy Story but fails
Third pic in the collage reminds me of the cat version of the "Pathetic," Meme with your cat looking over you.
outside must be like a really boring tv show for housecats.....but it's the only thing on
Aww man that’s so thoughtful and cute
I want a cat but I don’t think my dog would be chill with it, they just seem so independent and also super chill.
If she falls though... that would be epic gamer
Torties are amazing, they take that no fucks given attitude to the next level, I'm about to take my tortie to the vet, she's got an abscess on her tail, I'll probably be at the hospital next with thousands of tortie claw marks for trying to get her in the carry cage
Guess the hats how you pass time during quarantine
imagine seeing this in when you looked up in PT
I don’t even know you, but I LOVE you for this, so I know she’s gotta be shoes over shit happy!
I've got good news... When you die, and discover god is a cat (because, duh!), you're ticket into heaven will have already been punched.
When you sell your house the new owners are going to post to /r/Whatisthisthing.
Nice! I have a dog ramp going to a platform I made from an old table beside our living room window and our  two little dogs stare outside half the day. I’ve never seen another window pet platform before. Nice work!
Good human
Cats are so crazy. If this were any other animal (aside from a bird) people would panic
What if someday it just... falls?
Now she can look down and lord over you pesky humans.
The next owners of this house are going to be super confused.
Catwalk
Big wide window sills should part of building codes.
Did she put that toy there??
That's an odd house you got there!
That is awesome
That's some good mitering
You are a good cat mom or dad.
My cat would fly down that whenever he saw something and without a doubt fall off within the first day
That is genius
This will only get problematic if you ever need to take her to the vet and she's not in the mood, haha. Just kidding, this is awesome and speaks to the relationship you have with your kitty.
Oh man, my one year old would love that!
Omg this makes me so nervous.
Noice.
She's going to be the one changing that light bulb when it burns out right?
Ggs
You are a good cat parent!! That is very well done!
Such a good dad! Luv this♥️
This is magnificent!  And very compassionate!  Thank you for photos from different angles so that we can appreciate your beautiful work!  We can tell you love your baby & I'm sure your baby feels your love & loves you back just as intensely!  <3
Best thing I have seen all day🥇
What’s her name please?
Very nice and very thoughtful. You done good--scratch that--you were great.
Whoa!! Very cool
She looks like the cutest owl perched up there! So adorbs!
Everyone liked that
We love to see it
How’d you build it?
Very sweet. Very high perch. Lucky kitty!
That’s awesome! I’m sure she’s fine but I’m getting freaked out just looking at that height.
I'm not a cat person at all, but this is oddly touching.
You are such a good dadd!!!!
You're not the cat hero we asked for but the cat hero we need.
Is she a muted tortie? She looks so sweet! Must be very happy to have her own window.
Quarantine proving to be a greater good once again
That's adorable.
This is so lovely. But I can't help but think: Just wait until you've gotta give her a pill or wash something mucky off her and this is where she goes to evade you.
It’s this kind of thing that will spark an existential thought process in this cats mind now. Like ‘are all these objects built by them?’ Whereas before it probably thought it had always just ‘been there forever’
Wait till she starts pushing things of that catwalk as you pass by!! ..  mmmuuuaaahhahahaha!!
Oh man your cat  loves that, guaranteed. l Classy installation too, very nice.
How you gonna clean that ?
Not a cat fan but that's gnarly!
🥰👍🏻🙌🏻🙀
If you had my cats, you could say goodbye to that hanging light.
I’m curious to know why that window can be opened, you would probably need a ladder just to open and close it. Just seems odd to me
Neat. Do you have the progress pics?  /r/DIY would probably enjoy it
Did she bring her toys out there?
Day 415, my work, I mean human finally built a bridge for me.
Might not scratch them later.
that. IS. Awesome! in so many ways! :)
Ah this is a great idea
She is in deep thought.
Nice catwalk
Like the panda bear you gave them...
That’s a prime cat window right there
I have the same panda pillow pet!
You are good people!
Parent of the year!
So wholesome!☺️ Thank you.
Would be great in r/catification.
I have that same Panda pillowpet; mine also came with a mini too!
Cat TV!
Does she take naps there now?
Is that the doorbell right under the perch? Hopefully your cat doesn’t freak out like mine to the doorbell.
Nice miters
Now she needs a slide onto  the sidewalk.
So sweet of you!!
LOVE THIS!!
What a good human!
I love that you made her that!
I see that window can be opened.. but how would you open it without a ladder???
Damn. Is this what real LOVE feels like?  
Covid got me down guys :/
I love this
My heart
Safety railing update or we riot.
How often does she use this? Hopefully enough to justify :)
Aww I love this
What evil asshole put a latch on THAT window when building the house...
Such a good idea!
Nice pics!
 10/10 Home improvement
Now jump
You have a tortie, therefore you MUST do as she commands.
Will make a great video on /r/StartledCats when that happens.
You are a great cat parent 💕😻
Empathy  :D
Vacuuming that little path might be a challenge.
“Ahhh yes, once again my human comes through cluuuuutch.”
