Cat: :O
Lynx: :O
(thanks for the up votes!)
This might be dumb, but where do you live that a lynx just falls asleep on your porch??
"Hello outside kitty, I am inside kitty."
Cat: who are you?

Lynx: I’m you but stronger
This gif ended too soon.
The surprise on the lynx’s face was hilarious
Yeah, sorry, my mom won't let us have a play date until she meets your mom.
I love the expression on both of their faces : "wtf are you?!" 😂
That ended waaay too soon. What happened next?
Whaddup cuhh
Let's hope this house does not have a pet door!
It’s sweet how after the initial double take they both exhibit submissive behaviour to the other.
I wonder what the outcome would have been if the glass wasn't there. 

Would they just chill, or would house cat become Lynx food?
For all the people in here saying a bobcat is a lynx they are definitely two separate species. They both belong to the lynx genus but are separate species. Saying they're the same thing is like saying a coyote and a wolf are the same.
You now have two cats.
That cat is an excellent paleontologist. It just discovered the missing lynx!
Bobcat, not a lynx.  Paws are too small for a lynx, and the two are often easily mistaken.
It looks like it was like fuck do I have a kid? Where am I? How much did I drink?
Hey, you. Finally awake
That's cool
That’s a bobcat not a lynx
Bobcat\*
Sir, that's a bobcat.
It is a bobcat not a Lynx, bobcats are far more use to humans  than Lynx. A lynx ear tuffs are far more defined.
I think that's a bobcat. Lynxes are bigger and have giant feet
It's a fucking Bobcat
This reminds me of all the GIFS where kids greet their grandparents through the glass window because of Coronavirus
Pretty sure that’s a bobcat, not a lynx.
"Hi, cuz!"

"Oh! Hi. Hadn't realized I'd crashed at your place again."

"S'okay. Whatcha been doing? Entertain me with some wild stories."
I don't see a lynx in this video. Can someone point it out for me?
Isn't that a bobcat?
That's a bobcat my guy
“It’s me your cousin”
Big kitty looks so relaxed and comfortable. Not a care in the world.
Is there more of this video?
Hey, it's me, your cousin. Want to go bowling?
"Hey, it's Country Mac"
Lynx is the genus name. This is not a Canada Lynx, it's a bobcat.... You're confusing so many people on this thread lol.
Felines gotta stick together
Looks more like a bobcat.
its a bobcat.  Lynx are much longer legged and have huge paws.
This got posted a few times this month
r/gifsthatendtoosoon
This ended too soon
Full video.

https://youtu.be/qlSEqVdNjQw
Lynx has four visible moments of realization:
1. I heard something, I'm awake
2. OMG it's behind me
3. Holy shit is that a baby???
4. Wait where the fuck am I
This is the cutest zoo I've ever seen.
The mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell
Just don't let that bitch carol baskin find the poor boblynx
where do you LIVE goddamn
"Well, shit howbout that" - Lynx, probably
This years new Disney movie
The Lynx looks so startled and surpised by the little cat
r/gifsthatendtoosoon
I don't see any hissing, that's weird.
Cat: Look at me


Lynx: ?


Cat: bitch
Old man cat says, get off ma lawn!
It's like a Pokemon's next evolution
I was tired, okay?!
Hey cousin let’s go hunting
Oh! I had been looking for that Bobcat for a long time... it was a 

missing Lynx  ^^^Badum ^^^Tss
Do they recognize each other as being cats?

Edit: spelling
I genuinely wonder how a lynx and housecat would interact if they ran into each other? They are so similar, I feel like it could go either way. Unfortunately it probably wouldn't end well
To everyone saying it’s not a lynx, it’s a bobcat. You are technically right but so is OP. Scientific name for a bobcat is lynx rufus
Tiny?  That’s either a very small lynx or a very large house cat.
Love the blink by the Lynx there, like "Hey man, hope this was alright?"
That’s not a porch that’s a zoo exhibit
Would that be cannibalism?
I’d like to charm it, pick it up and make it apart of my entourage.
'Brother..is that you'
u/vredditdownloader
"Mom, aunt Nancy got drunk and fell asleep on the porch again."
That's not even the whole gif.
Two beautiful kitties. Poor things, they want to smell each other and are foiled by the door, must be kind of strange for them. That is one relaxed lynx.
“Hey...hey wake up he- WHOA YOU’RE ME BUT...BIG”

“You’re me but...small...and rude for waking me up”
My dumb ass if I was in this situation

"Here kitty kitty, do you need a home?"

My vet would NOT be happy with me.
It's like Pikachu and Raichu
What the -- oh, ffs, toddle off and let me sleep, *Whiskers*. Heh.

Said the lynx, maybe.
Can lynx and housecats successfully mate?
Are you sleeping, reeeOWR?
Thia ended way too quickly
You ded? 

what is you, a small me? so scary, let me smell you
Awww! That moment where his ears pitch and he notices his cohort 😂

Animals are just the best.
This is cute
/u/vredditdownloader
More!
Wow that's absolutely mental. I'd be scared shitless if I woke up to that. Big cats scare me but for some reason Wolves and dogs don't.
[removed]
https://gfycat.com/horribleuntriedbangeltiger
Wow Garfield looked like he was just making friends, lynx looked relieved once he realized who it was.
r/mildlystartledcats
Was waiting for the kiss between the glass.
Sleepy cats
Lynx:  "Oh, it's one of those sell-outs."
It's like a giant house cat! Wait, WHY CAN'T I HAZ ONE!?!?!

I mean, according to Tiger King, I could probably afford to get one with this Covid check, so what's the problem?!

/s
Probably thought it was a mirror and was like "Man, I let myself go!" 0-0
Who dares to wa.. nani?
Cat: HEY go home! You're drunk!
Nice
Lynx: Breakfast in bed? This is a 4 star patio..
This is too precious!
It’s that Lynx effect
r/gifsthatendtooearly
r/lynxes :D
He looked frightened at first.
"oh is it dinner time already?"
I need more of house cats interacting with big cats
Genetic links.
Joe Exotic has entered the chat
I see a Lynx waking up a smol kit.
How it didn’t notice the dude filming at all
r/mildlystartledcats
Felines in this clip: Uy wao pre musta?
fun fact: the lynx' scientific name is "lynx lynx"
This is how calynxes are made
"WOAH wtf"

"Oh it's just you bro"
Why you stop recording
Lynx: Oh crap, who you?

Cat: I'm you,  but I own humans.
that
Hey, you. You're finally awake
At the end the bobcat is like 'are you locked up?'
Cat: bro wake up my hooman is here
How did the cat get in there?
The way the lynx jumped when it saw the cat🥺
Anyone have the original lynx?
You should let him in and play with your cat!
No gonna lie, I saw the thumbnail while scrolling past and I thought I was a Chinese restaurant.
“Spider-Man pointing meme”
cat: hello 
lynx: hello
Why does this look like its scripted lmao
Scratch scratch. "Hmph what was that... Oh a ... WAIT A SEC"
Awww
Lynx: Who are you?

Smol cat: I am you
“Brother wake our time to strike has arrive”
Glad to see my cat isn't the only one who scratches on glass for attention
So lucky wish i could have taken this 🙀
They, what happened to your ears?
Lynx “Whoa, what the fuck? Oh, you’re no threat.”
Looking for a friend
Do you even lift?
That's adorable! I love that they're both sniffing the window curiously
Isnt that a bobcat?
would the lynx eat the cat or love the cat?
Almost a r/startledcats
Whoa, a me
"Why is my breakfast on the other side of this invisible barrier? Sigh." -The Lynx.
He's certainly smaller but idk if I would call that tiny.
Dude that lynx could rip you to shreds
u/vredditdownloader
Don't open the door
Explain your smolness.
That’s mega
Can someone now please tell me why having a lynx as a pet is a bad idea?
 ⣤⣶⣶⡶⠦⠴⠶⠶⠶⠶⡶⠶⠦⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⠀⢀⣤⠄⠀⠀⣶⢤⣄⠀⠀⠀⣤⣤⣄⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡷⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠙⠢⠙⠻⣿⡿⠿⠿⠫⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣤⠞⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⣴⣶⣄⠀⠀⠀⢀⣕⠦⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⢀⣤⠾⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣼⣿⠟⢿⣆⠀⢠⡟⠉⠉⠊⠳⢤⣀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⣠⡾⠛⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣀⣾⣿⠃⠀⡀⠹⣧⣘⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠳⢤⡀ ⠀⣿⡀⠀⠀⢠⣶⣶⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠁⠀⣼⠃⠀⢹⣿⣿⣿⣶⣶⣤⠀⠀⠀⢰⣷ ⠀⢿⣇⠀⠀⠈⠻⡟⠛⠋⠉⠉⠀⠀⡼⠃⠀⢠⣿⠋⠉⠉⠛⠛⠋⠀⢀⢀⣿⡏ ⠀⠘⣿⡄⠀⠀⠀⠈⠢⡀⠀⠀⠀⡼⠁⠀⢠⣿⠇⠀⠀⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡜⣼⡿⠀ ⠀⠀⢻⣷⠀
): to this  (:
[about the ears... ](https://imgur.com/a/aplNoo0)
I thought lynxes were bigger 😳
And the  Cayx was born
Do cats know they're related? Do they even know what they look like?
Finally some good food!
r/gifsthatendtoosoon
Luckily there was glass between them
GIFS that end too soon
cool
Cat: GASP! A me, but bigger!
Lynx: *wakes up* GASP! A me, but tinier!
Bruh you tiny as hell
u/vredditdownloader
I expected its kitten, this was better.
Give the bobcat a phone so he can talk to his inmate cousin
Cat: sees lynx
Lynx: :l :0 :P
“Oh shit. What you doing inside?”
Cat: oh hey! It's a lynx let me say hi

Lynx: \*wakes up\* What the hell is that! Is it a mini me?
“Wtf is that me?? Nah I’m just high again”
That looks like me tapping on the window waking the hobo that I put some coffee out for him. 

Always has that look of surprise when I wake him.
“Whoah, shit. Wait, can I eat you?”
That's badass
That’s a bobcat
Never seen a Lynx Witch before.
Walnut and Bobcat.
Lynx: you are me, but not me.
Cat: you're a big cat.

Lynx: for you.
Mew vs Mewtwo
Oh hi Mark.
Pm me if you wanna make some really easy money... all you need is etransfer or paypal
Would a lynx and a house cat get along if put in the same room or would the lynx eat the cat?
Both of them are just like “What is you?”
My favourite thing about videos is when they are cut short.
Cute
The lynx is like: Who are you? You look like a mini me!
Lynx is like “oh, hey there”
Meow
Evolution vs intelligent design
Talk about a gif that ended too soon!
Looks like a young lynx.
Aw, that is just the most amazing thing ever. Lucky you seeing this on your own doorstep.
r/gifsthatendtoosoon
Here is the long version with an article: https://www.mnn.com/earth-matters/animals/videos/house-cat-wakes-snoozing-bocat
I wonder if they would actually play if the cat went outside, or if the lynx would attack.
Cat: Hey, wake up!

Lynx: Huh...Whoa who the hell are you?

Cat: Who the hell are you?

Lynx: No, who the hell are you?
Oh, hello
what happened next? come on!
Awww
/r/GIFsThatEndTooSoon
Breakfast?  Is that you?
Mini Me
Obviously these two cats are familiar with each other.

The  tabby cat is female and  I bet the bobcat a (young) male.
Nice video full with emotions of the nature.
I like how it's a little freaked out at first, then just goes 'Oh, another cat' heh.
Stopped at the worst time! What happened next?!?
Oh!!...oh...
Cute how do you post pics and videos on here.
Wow
lynx said you looking like a snack
MORE VIDEO PLEASE
“Breakfast in bed, nice!”
Do lynx's eat small cats???? I hope not but animal kingdom be cray
“cousin dale! Is that you?”
love it
Whoa!
>tiny counterpart

*is almost the same size*
Tiny? The cat was as big as the lynx
u/VredditDownloader
Cat: "Hey, hey, wake up"  
Lynx: \*snoring\* "hmm whaWHOA WTH are you? Some kinda pygmy?"
Is this Joe Exoticas house?
Imagine seeing a neanderthal outside your window. This is what the cat is seeing.
The Lynx reactions at the end when he realizes the cat inside the house. Finally he made it ! Out of the hood lmaooo
oh shit dat me
What the... oh, hi there, MiniMe!
Oh hai der
Lynx: I shall call him minnie me
Gifs that end too soon
No one going to point point out that that is a bobcat, not a lynx?
Lynx: "Who are you?"
Cat: I'm you, but *smol*
Cousin it's me, let's go bowling.
Someone call Atari...
Getting strong Pokémon vibes
R/gifsthatendtoosoon
Must be so weird for an animal like this to see another animal and not being able to smell it.

Like "You don´t smell like anything. What the hell are you?!?!?"
So cute.
Lynx: Oh shit, what the hell did they do to you??
Linx : did I order uber eats?
I want more!
Aww?? Lynx looks like it woke up to lunch
Hey buddy you hungry..
Social Distancing...
Hey guys I’m the house cat in this video. AMA
Hey Nico! It's me, your cousin!

Lets go bowling!
Reminds me of Thor and Loki
r/gifsthatendtoosoon
"Hey dude, wake up!"

"Hmmm... Who's that knocking on th — oh shit! Jerod?"

"Yeah man it's me!"

"It's been a while"
Lynx: I sleep in the wilderness, wherever I feel like it.
Cat: I sleep in a big bed near my humans.
Cute tho
Looks like a bobcat
Oh shit! Am I inside or are you inside?
Very good video
Meanwhile my cat is howling like he’s possessed whenever he sees a stray cat is in the yard.
There was a fight-or-flight and threat-deescalation reaction inside of a quarter second there
Wikilinks? Is that you?
is it just me, or does the lynx seem to feint a quick paw move to test the cat, before kinda letting its guard down?
He would DEFINITELY eat his "counterpart".
Cat:O: Lynx:O:\[
I need part 2
Enjoy your new Lynx OP.
r/startledcats
Isn’t this a bobcat?
Wow really makes the lynx look big
What? Oh, hey what's up?
Carl? Is that you? Remember when we both got shitfaced on catnip and ran from the dogs?
I remember Lynx from Shadow Fight 2. Beat him with the Blood Reaper.
Beautiful cats
Very cute but if the glass hadn't been there this video would have a very different outcome.
That's beautiful. Where do you live? Where do lynxes live? Oh wait! Do they have little stubby tails? If so, I saw one walking by a road outside Grand Junction Colorado about 20 years ago. I didn't look too closely because I was driving, but I am sure it was a lynx or bobcat.
Do big cats and “regular” cats get along? (No fat cat joke plz)
The lynx was startled by the lil kitty
The CATS got some LYNX
I always thought lynxes are cool. This proves I'm right
its all cute until the cat goes outside...
I approve this link!
My cat: sees other cat outside, proceeds to scream like dying banshee, full fluff mode.
I love  animals but hate when such short reels are very short,  mother nature in its raw form.
That's a bobcat
Would they be friendly to one another if there wasn’t any glass?
Hey , hey , hey you , there's a cat door  come on in get a bite of old cat food. DUDE what you do to your tail .Dude
So much cuteness!!
The suprise on his face when he saw the cat. So cute.
What's up, family?
This is the best “Blue Buffalo Wilderness” cat food commercial I have ever seen.
r/gifsthatendtoosoon
100k upvotes thats the most ive seen
She's a butte!!!
"Is this a mirror? Am I really that small?!"
 [https://time.com/2894336/stray-cat-befriends-lynx/](https://time.com/2894336/stray-cat-befriends-lynx/) 

reminded me of this article from long ago, a stray cat broke into the zoo and now lives with the lynx.
TIL that Lynx exist in modern times and not just in prehistoric periods
Awefully young, concerned with the cat, experience will conceal.
“Thank you for bringing me my lunch “
I like how they dont get territorial just really curious
Lynx: what are you?

Cat:Im you ,but I poop in a box
Meow
Aren’t those things dangerous?
If you're thinking, "that's a bobcat, not a lynx".

Bobcats are lynx. 

Lynx rufus.
It's an orange cat as well, he probably wants to fight it and thinks he can win. 

Orange cats are magnificently deranged
Just imagine going to your window and you find a giant is asleep on your porch.
Maybe he was warm
awww
Would the lynx eat the cat?
SOOO CUTE AAAAAA
that looks more like a bobcat than a lynx. odds are, it's not a lynx. it's a bobcat.
Mom?
I want to see the rest of this video. Probably totes adorbs.
WHAT HAPPENED NEXT??
Remove the glass and this video goes from aww to natureismetal
That is a bob cat.
"Wha... What was... OH... Oh hello..."
Are Lynx dangerous? I don't know much about them but they look cool
WTF! How’d you get inside???
Hey cuz whats up??
That is not someones porch. Look at the thick glass and concrete on both sides of the window. It's a zoo or something
I love how the lynx looks so shocked
Cat is thinking “wait til the dog sees this unit”
"you're like... a smol me !"
I need more
Lovely cats.
It's r/aww until you find him all bloody and Fluffy has disappeared.
Looks like a bobcat
Is it just me, or does Wild Kitty look skinny and unkempt?  Hope he’s ok. If I saw him, I’d be so excited.
The things chicks would do to experience that situation at home ha
I wILl EaT u wHole
Ooo~ what’s this?
I don't think most people are aware of the size difference between these 2 animals
Ah, just the regular hum... woah there pal, don't be sneaking up like that, jeez... btw. who you?
“Hm? What was that? Oh god, well hello there little one.”
Jesus Christ, I’m sure OP understands that it’s a bobcat now.
Hello bob


Hello Tom
I love how startled the lynx is by kitty 🤣🤣🤣
Y'all that's not a lynx. Probably bobcat.
Aww. They’re cousins!!
Love that the cats name is walnut.
I love the momentary delay when he sees the house cat. 

“Hey whats th- what the shit?”
Is love to see a lynx. I know they live around me cause I sometimes see their paw prints in the snow.
My, what expressive ears you have!
I have a lynx
Are you my mother?
Oh I wanted to see more
if that house cat was outside would it be getting torn apart by the lynx?
Beautiful!
Nice bullshit repost.
Will he eat the little cat?
“Fight me bitch”
Lynx yelling sounds so dumb
r/gifsthatendtoosoon
Hello from the other side
It's a Bobcat. 
"Bobcat are a type of lynx". 
No, every Lynx comment here has properly misunderstood the usage to imply common species name. The post is spreading naive misinformation. If you do not understand how to differentiate a species then you do not understand the value of the species.
Mm.. breakfast?
Cat- eyyyyy, wassup my dude

Lynx- eyyyyyy

Cat- bro, you wouldn't believe how crazy are the things right now

Lynx- why, what happened

Cat- see this guy here, he is my human, we go to walk some times

Lynx- oooh, thats cool, I have these people guiving me food every day

Cat- wow, well, ut was nice to talk

Lynx- yeah it was nice

Cat- bye bro, see you soon

Lynx- bye

(Sorry for typos, non english speaker and on cellphone)
If it isn't in italics a lynx is not a bobcat.

This animal is a bobcat, a *lynx*, but not a lynx.
Cute
This is so cute haha
I love how the lynx recognises it’s a kitty and chills out
"mmm, oh huh what? Oh hello there, I was doing a snooze"
Love the little ”woah, didnt see you there, Buddy!”
“Hello from the other side”
So HAppy For that, he is relaxing .

he is fearless for very dangers virus. nice one.
Repost
I wonder if the two know they are related? Do both cats recognize the physical similarities they share?
Awww
cute af
Lynx be sleepin
Cat be creepin
He tap the door
To wake up the bore
The lynx freak out
But it don't pout
He just get scared
Him sleeping very rare
What's the biggest cat you can legally own?

asking for af riend.
Where is this and what happened next?
My lord
When you sleep drunk in your friend's living room and a kid starts playing at 8AM.
Pretty sure this is a bobcat...
The lynch's reaction is like a drunk guy that banged an escort and she woke him up the next day.
Dogs are better
It’s a bobcat, and they’re somewhat common even in cities, especially smaller cities.
Seems pretty cordial
r/FirstEncounters
BABOU!
This one wonders why you are so small? Khajit aren’t known to be so...tiny.
who is u?

am u but tiny

ok
I like how the lynx went “who what wtf happened” when the cat woke him up
What exactly IS A LYNX...????
Bobcat.
Fun fact. You can legally own a pet lynx in the US and they pair REALLY well with dogs. To the point where it's preferred that you Raise it with a dog from the kitten age and you'll have a big cat with dog playfulness.

Source: a ton of research a couple of years ago after I saw a pet lynx video on reddit.

Additional fun fact. It's actually legal and encouraged for people to own rhino's in certain states in the US. Problem is... No one wants a fucking rhino. Same type of source.

With all of us in quarantine I encourage you to not just take my word for it and do your own research. This killed a couple of days in my life
This is too adorable! Sort of. Now, I shall make a lynx sanctuary.
Repost from a shitty spam account
Aww, those kitties made friends :3
I can haz one
When the Lynx first sees the cat he’s like da fukkkk??!?
Wouldn't that be a rufous cat.
I cat too

I paw

I sniff

You wake

Shock!

You sniff

I sniff

We fwends
That lynx has to be so confused with the glass, reflection, and zero scent.
A young Lynx ...
THEY NAMED A ANIMAL AFTER A FORTNITE SKIN???
