Tattletail
I can absolutely imagine the happy grin on her face while hiding.
What pupper?
She’s so happy imagining she’s in the best hiding spot!! Look at her tail! Lol.
??? why did you post a gif of an empty bed??? blocked and reported
Ya this shit works, I do this all the time to escape from the demon under my bed too.
The tail is like a snake!
I don’t see a pupper, but I think your blanket is haunted.
[deleted]
This is probably the best thing I've seen all day
All I see is a sperm cell
i hope thats a tail
Some dogs will be in plain sight, and think covering their face will make them hidden. My source is from guilty dog videos/ bath time dog videos.
Sneak 100
Queen of hide & seek
What’s up with all these videos and no sound lately 😑
Kinda looks like you have a giant bacteria hidden under the covers
Clever girl
I’m so happy right now
How’s you get a headless dog?
Magic blankie shall hide my presence
A happy bum is extremely hard to keep under wraps,,,
That tail wag is pure happiness
r/oddlyterrifying
I like jumping on my dog here. Not like directly on her, but hands above knees below. Then I attack her belly with scratches as she freaks out about being discovered. 

Then we play peek a boo.
How do you know the dog thinks it cant be seen?
I don't know about you but I don't see anything.
where the original with sound?
What pupper? I only saw the one on the floor ...
Where is the puppy?
[deleted]
hahaha i only saw the tail part so i assumed it was just a tiny dog going crazy
I don't see any pupper
What pupper?
Can't see me. Woof. Lol. Human be like where am I?
Totally thought it was an ultrasound at first. I think I need new eyes
Someone's having fun under the sheets.
Haha everything is literally the greatest thing ever for some dogs. I love it.
Reminds me of when I was a teenager.
"Hehe, they can't see me, I'm invisible for sure!"
I can hear that tail wag
“If I can’t see you, you can’t see me”
...when i hear my girlfriend coming home from work....
*Rising inflection spooky voice* That’s when you realize the dog has been out back the whole time!
That’s gotta be a lab.
I thought that was it's head for like a good 10 seconds. I was so worried
Imagine not having a dog and seeing something like that in the middle of the night
You're gonna post this and not show us the pupper? Pay your dog tax at once!
Me when the demons come.
It took me a good 15 seconds to realise that was her tail and not her head flopping around like she was possessed by a demon...
This is proper aww. ❤️
I thought it was a perfect loop. My dang eyes kept blinking at the end so I had to watch it 5 times to make sure.
Where's the cat to mercilessly bite the shit out of whatever is agitating those bed sheets.
Ghostly wags
Now that's adorable
Show me the dog!!!!!
Wait but if your dog's beside you, then what's under the covers?
That’s adorable
What do you mean? I don’t see a pupper.. I just see a video of a blanket or some sheets. Weird someone would take a video of that lol
so cute
Somehow she looks like a giant sperm
Sneaky girle
Huh? Oh look sweetheart, it's got a mind of it's own, I can't do a thing with it!
The Tell Tale Tail. 

“It is the wagging of his hideous tail!”
If I can’t see you, you can’t see me
It’s some NASA footage of presence of water on the surface of the moon.
Paranormal activity pupper edition
God I wish there was sound
Me as a kid
It’s a sting ray!!
Ghost Dog
What pupper
Looking for the egg
Sperm
Big ass nut
What pupper
sperm
I suppose that is technically true.
Plot twist it’s a rot with a clipped tail.
Such a smart pupper🥰
When you roll a natural 1 on a stealth check.
disguise wizard
I need an unveiling!
Wait if you're right next to me... Who's under the sheet...?
I do that under my blankets too
The title says dog, but my mind says there's a horse under those sheets
Cat: "This is the least angry I've ever seen
Kinda reminds me of a swimming sperm cell
I make a similar outline in the sheets when my Mom walks in
This is just me everynight when I'm alone
Very sneaky!
Congrats ur pupper suffocated and died
camoudoge
*They’re probably going to look for me everywhere while I hide under the sheets. Oh man I’m such a genius! Ooh I can hear them looking for me outside ha ha!*
Haha, she/he is shaking their tail. So cute, dogs are so loving.
Why is the sheet moving though??
Plot twist, they only have one dog
CamoPupper3000 is STEALTH tech at its finest and you can’t tell me otherwise.
Lmao so I showed my husband this without context and he was like “what is going on on that guys wall??” Until he saw the other puppet. In hindsight seeing something like that on a wall would kinda be scary.
Nice gif loop
Why did I think that was a cow
Ghost pupper
This is funny. Dogs amaze me!
Pupper does a sperm
Telltail
That's actually a snake
Ghost puppy!
My cat did this!!!
Come to think of it, this is one of the subs I look forward to.
What pupper?
She so sneaky! :)
Reminds me of the sex-ed documentary I had to watch in high school.
I just love how dogs don’t even have to think about wagging their tails it’s just a biologically ingrained reaction. Same thing with humans with smiles. :)
r/blanketshark
My 4yo.  Also the giggles give him away.
hahhahahha ,  that's so funny1!!!!
What pupper?
NSFW tag bro
That's a prokaryotic organism
What pupper?
Yeet
Sneak level 99. Not quite there yet.
I think they are dash dancing
Ghost dog. So cute
Me at 3 am
Lmao!!!!!
I thought her tail was her head for a sec
That's new generation of stealth.
Thats the yea i hear you, but im not giving up my place on the bed tail wag
My ghost finally catching a breath of air after I leave my bed from a 5 day hiatus
Are you sure it's not just two mice f*cking under there?
Before I read the title I had no idea what I was looking at, and was alittle disturbed.
She looks like a bacterium
Much like playing hide and seek with preschoolers, you gotta pull out the “oh, no! Where did she go?! I’ve lost my dog! And I was just about to see if she wanted to go on a WALK.”
I don't know why but my first thought was that, that the tail was actually her mouth and see was suffocating anyways...
It's a super cute post haha I can just imagine the dog grinning so hard
What pupper
Boi our here lookin like a sperm cell
What dog?!?!
Or is it a middle school dude surfing a naughty web site?
My D at 2am
I don't see anything
Now imagine if human have a tail.
I thought it was a fan blowing the covers at first
Am I the only one waiting for the pupper to be revealed? Show. The. Pupper.
Very cute. Btw that dog desperately wants to be seen. A dogs tail wagging is basically pheromone for notice me.
Nawh this is what I do with my puppy and toddler. My partner gets up for work at 5am and my puppy sneaks in under the covers and cuddles with me. 

Around 7:30-8am my 3yr old comes in for cuddles. And my toddler goes where’s the puppa. And the whole blanket starts shaking with excitement, and my daughter pulls the blanket back and the dog gets a sneaky kiss on the face, and big cuddles from her, then we all cuddle in bed for another 5-10min until one of them has to pee :)
Stealth 3000
I’m so exited to scare the hooman
Epic
Who can’t be seen under the covers?
Looks like a ghost beating his meat
My dog is similar. She will put the front half of her body under the edge of the bed and think she is completely hidden from sight.
THERE'S NO DOG REVEAL?!
Me every morning
My old dog used to do something similar. We'd be playing Bite My Hand in bed (I'd just gently pinch his neck fat and he'd mouth my hand in frustration, then try to get me to do it again), and he'd try to hide under my OTHER hand. I'd cover his eyes, and he would go completely still, close his mouth in concentration, and wait. I could feel him blinking against my palm...he was SO SURE I couldn't see him.

R.I.P. Runty bear. You were an idiot, but you were my baby.
Which pupper?
What puppy?
Looks like someone’s happy to see you
What pupper? I see no pupper! Where'd my pupper go?
'avin a nice whack under the sheets, eh?
r/sneakyanimals super stealthy
I wonder where “name of dog” is? “**tail wagging intensifies**”
Plot twist: OP has only one doggo
This is adorable, I needed this today, thank you!
Haha my cats do that
Your sheets don't normally do that man you got the wrong bed
Little sperm
My blind kitty likes to sleep under the covers with me, I think it makes her feel safe like she won’t be randomly slapped or jumped on by one of the other cats
What are you talking about. I see a blanket? Nice blanket I guess?
That's not a pupper, that's a protozoan
Where is his head
I thought this was someone jerking off under the sheets....

Yep, church this Sunday. (Zoom church that is)
A for effort
What pupper? I can't see it.
What puppy? I can't see no puppy?
She's got the other pup bamboozled
I see a sperm
That’s not a dog that’s just a blanket
Nice
Sperm going to the condom
The main thing is not to see this in the middle of the night.
I think your dog is umm..........
It’s so cute that animals get excited by hiding that they can’t stop their tails lol
[deleted]
Cats and dogs face the wall and hide that way
I hope that's not a human under there!
> Aww, look, the dog's under the sheet

>> No I'm not, I'm down here

> ...
I think he’s suffocating
😂😂
What happens if you grab her tail?😋
I absolutely adore the telltale tail wag of my baby girl when she knows I’m coming to play with her but she’s trying to be coy and unassuming as if she isn’t ready to pounce the moment I reach for her paws.
Pupper? The baby at your feet?
dogo shakes butt
Just trying to wag out the wrinkles. Gotta do her part in the housework
she’s actually suffocating under the covers
Oh this smushy mushie cutie!
r/SneakyAnimals
What pupper?
I was waiting for the reveal
I love it when they try to act stoic but their tail gives them away. So cute.
I don't see a dog, it must be well hidden
At first I thought this was missing an NSFW tag.
Imagine now tired owner just coming to this room,so tired and sleepy he can barely see shit, and he just body slams there
Imagine now tired owner just coming to this room,so tired and sleepy he can barely see shit, and he just body slams there
What are we looking at?
Sperm
He looks like a bacteria!
Nah it's obvious that it's someone jacking off
Fucking love dogs with all my heart.
it’s like a fucking protist with the little tail hanging off of the central pill shaped body
How you managed to install car wiper on your bed 😁
What pupper?
My dog does this
This is absolute bullshit. The dog doesn’t know. You fucks.
My dog JackJack would do this when I came into the room doing the theme to Jaws. His sister Kora is less of a morning person.
We need the volume!!!!
What if there is no context to the video?
_Indognito mode engaged_
What do you mean I don't see anything
😍 so sweet
This is my 7 year old in dog form.
Perhaps your sheets are haunted,
It's a sperm
Don’t... think... that that’s a puppy. Looks like you put a hairdryer under ur cover... i believe! And of what I believe is true. Aaaaaawwwwww!
"If i can't see them, they can't see me, perfectly logical"
i WiGgLe mY PP
It looked like someone jerking off
That's not a pupper it's a G-G-G-Ghoooost!
r/woofirl
Who tf you talking about?
Snake!!!
What pupper?
Plot twist - OP only has one dog
What pupper? he must be a good hider
he‘s undercover
Umm, did you knock first?
What pupper?
My old boy does this too. It’s so precious and he comes out practically laughing
Look see I'm super stealth mom />●<||||


Nobody knows a thing.
My cat loves to do this. She is the cutest when we peak our heads under the sheet and startle her, shes like "uh hey guys!!!" So cute.
It looks like a dong is being moved rapidly.....
I am reporting it, you only post a blanket!
Incognito mode.
Clearly the best at hide and seek. Ever!
Looks like a sperm cell
Idk. Wouldn't it feel some degree of suffocation?
This why some dogs a terrible at a game of hide and seek.😆
I love this
One cute puppy
Thia is how our demon sees us.
That’s one big sperm
My dog does this. I miss her so much. Can’t wait for the corona mess to be over so I can get back home to see her.
You see that, and then you realize you only have ONE pupper...
(((((I’m INVISSSSIBLE)))))))
What dog, am i missing something?
What pupper are you talking about? I see no doggo but the one walking around
“Aw man what gave me away?”
That's the doggo equivalent of a small child hiding behind the curtain and giggling loudly.
What a silly dog!!!
Comrade, we have a furry stingray on the loose!!
What a gem 💕
Sorry to say this but your dog looks like a big sperm. Sorry again
They only have 1 dog
Sneak 100
Blursed sperm cell.
That looks like a small child betraying Christianity...
Sneak 100
What pupper I only see covers
Pupper? What pupper?  Where's the pupper?
I wish there was an unveiling you just know the dog has such a proud look under there lol
Lol it's like that phrase if I can't see you, you can't see me
I’m sending this to my friend with no caption I wanna see if he will know what it really is
What pupper? You should close your window, the wind is blowing your sheets around like crazy
It looks like a supersized sperm under a blanket. Def would put it in the dog for a extra big dog puppy
This is a fake account this account has gaid more than 500k karma in the last 3 days. Everyone needs to start checking the profile accounts of all the posts with the most karma on the front page! THEY ARE FLOODING THE FRONT PAGE SO WE DONT REALIZE WE ARE WAKING UP!!!
It honestly took me way too long to realize that the blanket was moving because she’s wagging her tail
How are we sure its not mastrubating?
Is it bad this reminded me of sperm?
what do you mean there was a dog there?
the heck y'all talking about? i dont see anything. y'all trippin bruh
What pupper? I only see a bed
I don't see a pupper
Adorable.
In her defense, we really can't see her.
This is  a well known tail
are those parachute sheets?
Dats such a happy boi though... can’t hate em
Nice
I do that too!
This made my whole day
The pillow is moving
Shes just laying there chilling, probably not hiding imo.
Perfect puppoflauge
you fool, you think you can just post a still image of your bed and get away with it?
I don’t see anything but an empty bed
r/AnimalsBeingDerps
Ah yes, a simple unicellular prokaryote propelling itself via its flagellum.
Literally me in the morning.
I love her!

Also her outline looks like a single celled organism
If only pupper was revealed at the end...
What kind of pupper is the black one?
Sneak 999
I love this
Obviously she's is totally invisible
I know a sperm cell when I see one.
Drax’s doggo?
*wagging ensues*
where
I see nothing.
And when I do that from under the sheets ...I'm disgusting....ermmm ok
That’s what my husband looks like in the morning!
look guys i covered my dog with a sheet and told him to stay LOL
God I can't wait until this 'heckin pupper bamboozle' stuff is over. It was cute and funny 4 years ago, but it's just kinda cringy by now.
sperm cell
Looks like what I do under the covers.
Wait until you sit on the bed after a while and theirs no longer any movement
Camo pupper
What pupper?
What do you mean I can’t see anything
That's me 2am at night.
I thought it was a ghost masturbating for like 10 seconds
Isn’t this dangerous?
thought she was head banging
When you get a new SO and your mom asks "why you smiling at your phone" and you try to hide it but just *can't* 

*That* is the energy of this pupper
omg awwww!
what u mean? all I see is a bed sheet.
Sneaky boi
That's when the dog walks into the room...
Near perfect camouflage!
Idk why but dogs sometimes remind me of dinosaurs
Yo, why's everybody upvoting this picture of a bed?
 [https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/c1qt1x/doggos\_polite\_and\_subtle\_implication\_that\_he\_is/](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/c1qt1x/doggos_polite_and_subtle_implication_that_he_is/) 

Is it this dog?
Puppernormal Activity
I'll be real

I can't see anything OP
Vredditdownloader
Ngl it kinda looks like a sperm cell
Doin’ a heckin’ conceal
[deleted]
That's how my wife finds me too..
I definitely thought this was someone farting
If only she would fart and it would make a lump.
when i saw the tail wagging i did a happy little giggle... those are rare from me 😳
r/GIFsThatEndTooSoon
Get it bro.

You should Scream, 

#Who's your da-!

Nevermind, wrong subreddit
I'm in!
Looks like someone is beating a meat
Looks like you could be a breeder.. just saying.
NSFW Tag?
Dumb ugly puppie
Spanking it and blaming the dog.
