An in-ground trampoline seems like so much fun
When I saw those stickers, I thought that sheep had reversed gravity
Oh my god! Tramampoline! Trambomboline!
Smells like The Netherlands. Hence the trampoline in the ground ... we all live beneath the sealevel surface anyway 😎🍿
A wooly jumper.
This is how clouds are born.
I’ve never seen an in ground trampoline before
Fun fact: the saying "counting sheep" comes from sheep doing exactly this over the centuries
OK, this may sound kind of stupid but how have I never seen an in-ground trampoline before? It's kind of ingenious when you think about it.
I lowkey really wanted that thing to suddenly just started bouncing up and down like a kid.
I can’t stop watching this. I wonder what a kangaroo would do in this situation
Aww, look, it’s acting like it’s a kid again
How do you keep the pit from filling with water?  Do you have a pump or something?
I like to think that trampoline was above ground when he started!
Is this Goat Simulator for next XBOX ?
Oh my gosh, baby Dutch sounds adorable.
It's all fun until it shits on it and you got all tiny bouncing balls of shit.......
This is what *spring* lambs turn into
Omg...real life Boundin'!!
For fucks sake Shaun
Goat simulator?
No one has made a Goat simulator reference yet. What wrong with you people?
Up next: Sheep discovers how to destroy a trampoline
u/vredditdownloader
It would be so cute to see foxes on it
Boy lookit! A wooly jumper!
It's doing its sexy dance for the farmer
Sheep are underrated.
/u/vredditshare
I wonder what kind of animals would exist if there was terrain like a trampoline
I don't know who is more who is happier the sheep or the girl
He's really terrible at it tho
Beep, beep, I'm a sheep. I said beep-beep, I'm a sheep!
I wonder if the sheep is actually having fun or just question marking in it's head
Cows aren't the only ones who can jump over the moon now
I still feel like if you got a good enough jump on that thing and missed the mark coming back down and hit the frame, or dirt when expecting bounce, you'd still break your foot/ankle.
Wooly jumper!
r/likeus
Animals are sentient creatures who experience joy and suffering. Rad video.
I started counting the sheep  jumps and woke up a few minutes later.
I don’t know why but I love it
this is the cutest shit ive ever seen
This is breaking news.
Must be a pet sheep - long tail and all that. On the other hand, the daughter's laughter is delightful :)
That's it, I'm adopting a sheep. And a trampoline.
[deleted]
That sheep is trying to figure out the weird soil. 😂
Aaaanddd I’m dead😭💜
Glad he got the hang of it. At first he looked a little sheepish.
Der blöde Kuh. 🐑 😂👍🏻
Sheep thrills on the rampoline!
Where's the obligatory comment about how sheep evolved to do something something and it's actually trying to dig for subterranean elves and is actually having no fun at all?
[deleted]
Interesting...

This appears to be the behaviour of a sentient creature. 

A non-sentient one wouldn't play with the trampoline. It would act like the ground is scary and fucked up, and unsafe.
Fun fact: They used to be called jumpolines until your mom hopped on one
I'm going to create 5000 new Reddit accounts just to upvote this post.
Lets get 2 of them.
never thought id see a sheep use the scientific method
That's a big BAAAnny
WHEEEEEE
This has to be the cutest thing I have ever seen!
Practicing it’s landing
Probably saw someone else doing it first.
Reminds me of a bunny doing a binky.
lamb hops
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L\_-k\_1WQ5As](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L_-k_1WQ5As)
dayummmm boi he thicc
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8jC7NKkjCe0](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8jC7NKkjCe0)
When you HOA won’t let you put in an in-ground pool but you already dug the hole
He's just practicing jumping over the fence
Just wait until your insurance company sees this :-)
Aww I could watch this all day.
I love this video!
Cool - leave an Xbox out in the yard and see what happens.
Well that was dope
I am so proud of ewe
I always think of the rattle snakes that would move in under there.
That sheep thicc
TIL in-ground trampolines exist.
Wait until she learns about the double-bounce.
yes
Stupid sheep. Your supposed to take your shoes off first.
so how do you drain the water below the trampoline?
/u/vredditshare https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/g3lz8f/old_lady_smudge_took_a_while_to_warm_up_to_us_she/
u/vredditdownloader
Anyone else think they were stroking out when the window stickers appeared?
This is the closest thing we’ll get to goat simulator in real life
Am I crazy or do I hear Mario sounds in the background. The first one lines up with one of the sheeps jumps too lol
I fell asleep after 10
PS and realized it is fun
Good for him :]
Now combine an in ground pool with a trampoline cover.
And then it smashed though
Watching this made my heart smile so much!
I'd love to see it go down the slide onto the trampoline. Asking too much?
❤️😍😁
My next Google search: Where to buy sheep
Wow, Goat Simulator 2 for PS5 looks photorealistic. 😮
my day is better now, thank bro
Yeah! Be yo'self
Unbelievable-&funny!
I'll always be delighted by the idea that animals goof off and have fun and amuse themselves just like us.
Take my awwwwpvote.
What kind of dog is that?
So stinkin cute!
That sheep is thick!
Hahaha red neck swimming pool
I hung out witha a sheep in grade 1
I didn’t know how badly I needed this video in my life.
Hello everyone this is your daily dose of the Internet...
A woolly jumper...
Evolution in progress.
Sheepish at first, the animal quickly bounces back.
It would be even funnier if there were spikes under the trampoline
Imagine eating such a precious creature🥺🥺.
u/Frogurt3837
She is not a Bull Sheep.🤣🙆‍♂️
Can't stop laughing 😂
That sheep knows how to party, I'd have a beer with him.
Trampoline,Michael Jordan  dreams (Jordan)
A wild wooloo having fun
Spring lamb?
Are those....large raisins?
R/hmmmm
Up next ........... The Cow
TIL: Shaun the Sheep is a factual kids show
This is the cutest thing i have ever seen
u/vredditdownloader
And this kids is why we count sheep’s when we are trying to sleep. Because some genius let the sheep’s play with a trampoline.
u/VredditDownloader
r/likeus
Wooly Jumper
Bound, bound, bound and rebound!
"Oh you should have seen it, Dave! I was getting SO much air!"
This the best thing I’ve seen this week
u/VredditDownloader
Goat simulator?
u/vreddit_bot
Oh, I hope no one LAMBASTS this performance.
She didn’t even fucking use it properly once. Don’t get mad at me just get mad at facts
I had the Skyrim main menu open and the sheep bounced perfectly in time with the music I think I’ve won at life
Wait till he gets off it, he’s in for a wild feeling
u/Vredditdownloader
Aww, that's so cool! 
One jump, two jumps, 3 jump.... ZzzZzzZzZzzZzZz
Brabants Accent, filmed behind windows, Sheep roaming the streets not being watched. *Sweating intensifies*....
But the real question is why do you have a sheep
/u/vredditshare
Baaaahhh-ounce!
Chonky sheep
Ha ha ha how did this happen??
Sheep are returning to trampolines. Nature is healing. We are the virus.
But how do you stop the water draining under it?
From amongst the flock, BouncyBaaaa once again rose to mete out his baaahhhhrrraaaaand of justice

...and all the good sheep did say baaaamen
Cotton futures jumping
A wholesome fact: motorical games are often liked by many animals to get a better grasp of it's surroundings. Just like kids enjoy trampolines, this sheep probably is genuinely having fun!
1 sheep jumping, 2 sheep jumping...I won t have insomnua tonight.
Recapturing lambhood
Every animal I've ever seen on a trampoline does the same thing. Takes the shock /tension out the trampoline by doing back feet front feet..
The day I see a video where the animal locks its knees a bit and does all 4 legs at the same time. I'll be mega impressed.. Mega.
I don't really want that Sunday roast leg of lamb now
u/VredditDownloader
Did it poke a hole in it yet? Please don't let that happen.
Trambampolines are fun for everyone. But also, where’d that sheep come from?
This is too cute! XD
I knew it was the Netherlands the moment I saw the grass and the sheep
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
It won’t last long if you let that sheep keep on it. Those cloven hooves ate gonna wear it much faster than children stocking feet.
The sheep may be thinking its something like ICE, and trying to break through.  Its fine to try to understand what animals are thinking, even though you are probably way off.
I really wanted it to do a double jump. I just love how perplexed it looks after every jump.
Would love a part 2 thx
Well the sheep doesn't Discovery anyth8ng
Beep beep I'm a sheep
Wholesome shit just when you need it, thanks mate
That is the cutest thing I’ve ever seen
u/vredditdownloader
First the trampoline and then the worls
That sheep must think it just got magical powers. Baaahtman.
Imagine a fox using a trampoline.
He’s just trying jump over the moon
Trampolines are dangerous as hell. Having it in the ground like that is a great idea, and I’m sure at least a little bit safer.
Beep beep I am a sheep
This gives off Boundin vibes
Chonk
[deleted]
Sheep are such an underrated animal
I’m falling asleep
u/vredditdownloader
[Flying sheep?](https://youtu.be/8jC7NKkjCe0)
this is so wholesome
r/eweseeingthisshit
My neighbor had a trampoline and I guess over the years the springs got stretched out alittle so sometimes you'd hit the ground if you got crazy height. It became way less fun and more terrifying after the first hit. Probably should have dug a hole under it.
Fuck, I need a sheep
Upvoted before even playing it, there's no way this could disappoint.
u/vredditdownloader
I mean, it's discovered the trampoline. But not how to use it. That is not how to bounce on a trampoline.
Plot twist: Child learns how to jump from sheep.
Few things express pure joy like animals jumping for fun.
The nightmare fuel a kid Must have about what's under that trampoline
Very cool
Lol this is so dumb but cute
This is great!
goat in training !!
33 seconds. A lamb. Jesus was 33 years old...

👀
u/vredditshare

Edit: the bot sent me this https://gfycat.com/AmusingHilariousJackal
What if it rains tho?
This makes me remember when my family had sheeps, one (a male one whit out horns) wasn't scared of me and I loved petting him.
goat simulator
Do a flip!
Wouldn't the trampoline being in-ground have an adverse effect on its "bounciness" since air can't flow freely underneath it? I could be wrong. I'm no wind scientist.
Fact: they were called a jumpoline until my ex used once.
I am sorry all I see are hot juicy ribs. Since I started slaughtering these creatures myself for Kurbani I can't see them other than food. 

The taste of fresh lamb that has been lovingly grass fed, organic and pure, enjoying life open range in the pastures is incomparable to anything else. I wish I bought some lamb today instead of three chickens in my Halal store.
Instead of the “cow jumps over the moon” it’s the “sheep jumps on the trampoline”
All sheep should have trampolines.
🎶Shaun of the Sheep theme music🎶
\*still trying to figure out\*
i want to give a platinum but
1. i dont have any coins
2. i want to give to the sheep
Do we know if it can get off?
Seems like the best way to fall asleep! Count the bounces :-)
I wanted him to connect two jumps so bad for some reason.
r/slammywhammies
Nice
We use to play a messed up game where we"d throw those workout balls at ppl on the trampoline when they weren't paying attention mid jump and just wreck homies
How do you manage water during the rain?
We must protect this MOUTON at all cost.
Their evolution has begun
I saw listing for a house for rent which specified tenants are not allowed to have dogs, cats or trampolines on the premise.
My guess is that it wandered onto there and got itself stuck.  It is just trying to jump off.
I love the exciting pawing towards the end
(:
Awww this is amazing
It was called a jumpoline until your mother jumped on one in 1973.
/u/vredditshare

https://gfycat.com/AmusingHilariousJackal
That’s a cow
The sheep is having more fun than me during quarantine
Harold, the clever sheep.
Day 69 of quarantine be like:
Why are there so many comments about never seeing an in-ground trampoline before? I’ve jumped on so many growing up?
u/vredditdownloader
Won't be surprised if they end up on the roof next morning
u/vredditshare
We used to have two sheep that would play tetherball against each other.
We sold a bunch of kids playground toys that my granddaughters had outgrown . Slides and castles and stuff like that. When the person came to pick them up I asked how old were her kids. She told me it was for her goats. They love playing on playground equipment. She even sent me a video of it later.  Pretty funny stuff
Looks like a mosquito breeding pond.
...so that’s where my eleventh sheep went.
u/VredditDownloader
That’s the most adorable video I’ve seen all day
Sheep...loving it and SO curious about the surface. Wow. Animals constantly amaze.
This is wholesome
This vaguely reminds me of a video game but I can’t remember the name
it kinda makes me mad that the sheep doesnt jump twice in a row to fully utilize the trampoline. those pathetic single jumps are literally just basic sheep jumps.
With no place for the air to escape... I imagine that doesn't bounce nearly as well as it would it if was above ground, or at least had some places on the sides for air to move back and forth.

Never mind that a covered hold in your back yard is an ***amazing*** home to all manner of critters.
She isn't using it correctly.
Want to see this with a goat
this is awesome, i think its funny how father in on the video the little girl is jumping to while watching the sheep.
Why is there a sheep in your yard? And can I go there?
I accidently did a backflip off of a trampoline as a kid and ended up with a wire stuck in my foot lol.
i love him
Bound, bound, bound and re-bound
@u/gonnaproposesoon too bad ur seeing it anyway
Trlamboline
The little girl laughing makes this so much better. :) <3
Are we sure it’s not stuck?
baaah hahahaa
Oh no. She's too heavy to actually bounce 😂
u/vredditdownloader
Thanks :)
Forget animal crossing, animal jumping is the sequel we've been waiting for.
Day 24 in quarantine.
u/vredditdownloader
I think he needs to learn a little more, like harmonics. He should do a course and try again.
trampoline sheep!
I had a ground level trampoline growing up, you didn't want to be the one who had to grab the ball that rolled underneath it haha
Bound, bound, bound and rebound! 


Now in this world of ups and downs…
So nice to know there are jackalopes around.
I love sheep
Hmmm Pathetic
I can't put into words how cute this is, guess I'll have to blert it: AWWWWWWWWWW*splodes*
“What’s it doing?”
“..it’s learning.”
This is just the best
He has that goat stability/center of gravity lol! He doesn’t bounce!
this goat is so funny
Only thing my boy noticed was the truck.
A white hopper
Wooloo
I love how this univerisal brings a smile and a laugh from people no matter the culture.
I watched ewe jump on a trampoline
I’ve broken a few trampolines back in the day, I think if they were in the ground like this they would have lasted longer. My brother, my friends and I were pretty “full send,” as they say, on trampolines, so horizontal momentum helped break a couple.
This reminds me of the boundin Pixar short
I've been seeing more sheep on reddit lately. It's not a complaint; it's lovely
Just when we think that we have seen it all.
The slide seems like rugburn waiting to happen
Floofy 😍
Hey those are dutch people! Oh Nederland oh nederland!🎶
u/vredditdownloader
I was just waiting for him to keep hopping up and down. Sadly, this was not the case 😫
u/VredditDownloader
Everyone gangsta till the sheep start jumping
u/Vredditdownloader
He’s imaging himself in an exciting and dangerous life of a mountain goat
Not gonna lie, I definitely thought there might be a point where that sheep ripped through the trampoline
Id pop the absoulte shit outta this idiot in a game of popcorn
Time of his life
I mean he didn't really learn though, because he didn't jump after the first bounce to get more height.
Ay cositaaaa
 wat een geweldig filmpje!! en schattige kindjes :)
My night has officially been made. Coolest thing I have ever seen. Plus slightly jealous, this sheep can trampoline better than me after only a few moments of investigation whereas j still typically end up with brush burns.
Normal sheep: beh 
This sheep: what on earth is this
this brings me nothing but unbridled joy
Props on the sunken trampoline too! Seems a lot safer
Sean the sheep
That’s how I count sheep when I sleep
u/vredditshare
This is how it starts
It's weird to see a sheep with a tail
He’s fucking terrible at it. Use your hind legs!
"Why is this ground so elastic? I can jump in it. What's going on?"
This is one of the best things I've seen in a while.  Absolutely fantastic.
cute!
I just imagine the momentum from the slide, hit the center of the trampoline and go flying up and off it. Not sure if the slide is big enough for that, but that's what I pictured.
Going to count sheep jumping on a trampoline to help me sleep now
It's almost 2am and still can't get enough of this GOD damn sheep. I hope it's doing great tho :D
Nice.
Anyway to get just the video?  I don't see it on Youtube, and I did not want to link the entire reddit post.
In ground trampoline seems like such a stupidly obvious thing, you wonder why they're ever not like that.
Watching animals play is one of my favorite things to watch <3
Reminds me of that sheep and jackalope Pixar short. 

Bound bound bound and rebound!
I'm happy the sheep is happy, but those hooves are ripping through that trampoline mesh.
I love this
Sheep simulator is the next big hit.
Im surprised it held up to that chonk jumper
That's a strong ass trampoline
u/vredditshare
Cool his so amazing
The cow that jumped over the moon stole his girlfriend 😢
Russia
u/vredditdownloader
This video makes me want to go vegan
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditshare
Almost r/humantippytaps!!
Y’all eat these guys
Hahaha.
Was waiting for it to whip out a baaaackflip
Plot Twist: It’s trying to get off the trampoline and is just stuck
Sheep simulator 2020
Meanwhile, this sheep was trying to escape a family of SHEEPEATERS!
Still waiting for it to discover how to use the trampoline...
Pretty lit
I feel like this is a metaphor for something but I don't know what
The planet is healing. We are the virus.
of course she does
That’s a pretty dope trampoline!! Must’ve taken some work to get in the ground like that
nice
[deleted]
Seems like it is trying to bust through it.
Super jump the sheep
That window ...that 'wave' of stickers ...that towhead . . .gawd what a rush.
"TRAMAPOLINE"
“Ewe guys.  You’re not going to believe this. I found a farm where the ground BOUNCES.”
That sheep is having so much fun!
Wait how do you get a sheep

I want one
u/vreddit
u/VredditDownloader
"humans have all the fun stuff"
It’s a Lamboline!
Wasn't there a Pixar short something like this?
It's a woolly jumper
Bears figure out to open car Doors, human’s figure out to howl at 8:00 every night, and now sheep’s are discovering how to use trampoline’s.
u/vredditdownloader
Why don’t people teach their kids that putting stickers on windows is not good?!
Intelligent animals, now we can really count sheep in our sleep
Nice
sometimes i like reddit
white sheep can jump
That has to be so trippy for the sheep.
🎵 Bound, bound, bound and re-bound! 🎵
/u/vredditshare
I bet his doctor is happy about his new exercise, cause he thiccccc.
u/VredditDownloader
This is so cute, made my day☺
I love a good woolly jumper
A long time ago I was on a vacation visiting family, and they had an inground trampoline and apparently one time they looked outside and there was a deer walking around on it.
/r/likeus
r/vredditdownloader
Nice
The fun part is that you can put all sorts of pointy things under the trampoline and tell people not to jump too high
u/vredditdownloader
If all trampolines were in the ground, who would people sue for their kids broken bones?
Well, I never thought I would see that during my life on Earth. 🤔
Cows go zoom and sheep go boing. Here a sheep, there a sheep, everywhere a sheep sheep. Old McDonald had a farm, E I E I OOOOOOOO.
Now I want to go bury trampolines at every farm. The animals should be allowed to bounce. It might even produce leaner meat, you never know.
probably felt a bit competitive after seeing the cow jump over the moon
Wooly jumper
Who wants to go double jump him?
The most interesting part about this video is not the sheep, but the in-ground trampoline.
Is this r/aww or r/ewwwe?
Anybody wanna spot for a SHEEP?
That sheep looks cute
Looks stuck to me
"Damn, these summbitches rich!"
*goat simulator flashbacks*
u/vredditdownloader
That's so cute.
That made me so happy
Here's a link to the YouTube video
[Sheep Discovers How To Use Trampoline](https://youtu.be/FwwIYdB_wic)
This is like, the Stephen Hawking of sheep FYI. Sheep real dumb.
I have never seen a trampoline like in the ground
Bound, bound, bound and rebound
He prob came back to his friends like, “duddddes”
Epic moves sheep
A sunken trampoline is such a great idea! I never thought about doing that before. I assume there is a drain?
Like being a lamb again!
This is 100% the content I wanted when I joined /r/aww
a woolly jumper!
I've wondered every day what it would be like to see a sheep jump on a trampoline
Goat Sim?
u/SpaceTMerlin it is so fluffy and cute!
Guess we are going to ignore that huge and nimble spider to the left? O_O
u/Vredditdownloader
Eco version of counting sheeps to sleep.
For me, the video cuts off before the sheep figures out how to use the trampoline. It is just jumping normally on there, not using the trampoline's springiness, and then the video cuts off.
I thought that was a bunch of freaky shit flying up in the air.
I didn't know conservatives could learn.
it sould host a talent show
I rode one of those in a rodeo before, you could say this isnt my first rodeo.
That sheep is using that trampoline very poorly
Look at me!!! I am now a jumping goat!
Get out of my backyard euwe!
Shaun
I never thought in my whole life I’d see a cow do that.
In-ground trampoline seems way more trashy. Opposite of in-ground pool.
Young or old sheep are the best.
I've seen an above ground pool before but never a below ground trampoline.
Guarantee he’ll forget he learned this by tomorrow.
Harold the Sheep, practicing his escape...
Now link the fox one
B O U N C E
I literally saw this in my feed while listening to sheep by pink floyd. Weird.
It’s all fun and games until you’re like 10 ft. in the air and come to a dead stop on the grass.
Aww
Is this the welsh version of The Man Show?
Man clay animation is getting really realistic.
u/VredditDownloader
In ground trampoline? Is that some custom DIY thing they did? Never seen that before.
What language is that?
All I heard from the background conversation was “It Hopping Up’m”
That is probably the safest trampoline if I ever saw one, literally planted in the ground
u/VredditDownloader
We used to have a goat named Mobil that as soon as he would get off his chain, would sprint for the tramp and bounce on it until we kicked him off. we used to come home from school with the tramp covered in little goat raisin poops!
That sheep will be very distressed if it's hoof tears that lining.
Love how the sheep is confused at first and the starts jumping more
Wooloo is having fun
Why do I feel sleepy?
Trampolines:*boing*
Sheep:interesting.
Now we need Sheep Simulator
Only in the Netherlands
Lol
r/slammywhammies
This is what got me out of bed this morning, thank yoi
No consecutive jumps.  I say that the sheep did NOT learn how to use the trampoline.
cuteness overload
Your trampoline is attached to the ground. So if the sheep tears the trampoline mat, it falls in a hole. The perfect animal trap
Everyone is focused on the fact that the trampoline is in-ground, yet NO ONE is wondering why there is a single sheep in a family's fenced in back yard?
So no one's gonna talk about the in-ground trampoline then?
/baaw 🐑
Is the sheep actually having fun/enjoying itself or is it just curious and testing, seeing what this trampoline thing is?
r/eyebleach
Now Disney is rebooting their shorts, too?
So cute
The way he scrapes and gets in a stance before jumping is fucking adorable , Like the only way he knows how to jump is if hes about to just. Ram head first into something. Amazing
Oh no.. another person that has been on reddit for a year and still has 1 million karma and doesn’t give credit to the person taking the pic/vid..
That's how you get woolly jumpers..
Reminds me of that one Pixar short.
u/vredditdownloader
Are we going to just ignore that bug who's trying to figure out what's going on?
Are you sure that's how you use a trampoline?
i love the mixture of animals and trampolines give me MORE
Woolly Jumper
Sheep: Deze trampoline is...

 G E K O L O N I S E E R D
That made my day 🤣🤣🤣🤣
u/Vredditdownloader
Sheep seems to like it
We had 2 trampolines side by side growing up and we would do flips from one to the other and flip off to land on the ground to go inside the house.   All kids need a trampoline. Helps with coordination. Nets suck and don't teach control. Plus you can't play dodgeball on the trampoline with a net. We were 7 kids growing up and only had one broken arm injury all those years (one brother purposely jumped on the other brother). Sure we would fall through the springs or get pushed off, or sometimes fall off, but I never saw it as dangerous. Still don't and will go out and do flips to this date, and I am 50.
~~Goat~~ sheep simulator (•‿•)
I think I'm more amazed by the inground trampoline.
It looks like the movie what “2001: A Space Odyssey”.
That movie drawn the seen that monkey discover how to use the bone as tool.
I heard it was called a jumpoline before OP went on it
I was so much waiting for her to do two consecutive ones...
This sheep is having the time of it's life!
Those stickers came out of nowhere
This was incredibly frustrating video
I love this! You go sheep, you go.
So fun 😂😂😂
The whole point of a trampoline is that you conserve energy from one jump to the next. The sheep never really uses the trampoline that way!
Jumping shoarma <33
Best thing ever
Man I wish I had a slide that dumped out onto a trampoline when I was a kid.

Actually just a trampoline would have been awesome
This is amazing
An in ground trampoline seems more dangerous for some reason.
It's shawn the sheep!
Irl Shaun the sheep
u/vredditdownloader
What a hero.
Sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep
u/vRedditDownloader
Know if only I can find another sheep and a tree
This is so cute!!!!
Friends Not Food or Clothing!
Cute! My dog jumps on the trampoline!
Snakes don’t like people, most of the times they end up in your house is a mistake. You know what a snake pit will stop though, every other creature I’ve found in my back yard minus probably the alligator. (I live in Florida next to a swamp, which is next to a river, and less than 15 minutes to 2 wildlife preserves.)
Lambpoline
My soul smiled watching this
“I think I’ll tryyy defyyying graaavityyyyyyyy” r/wicked
That's just a Welsh person 😂
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
/r/fareedadahlmaaldasi that's me btw 😂
big shep
Aww i whant now an trampoline
He do got a good vertical though 👀
Animals are clearly sentient beings. You know it's wrong to harm them stop eating meat
Do you ask, what are yew doing?
Wales
G E K O L O N I S E E R D (sorry, het moest gebeuren)
This is just the cutest!!!! Gives new meaning to “And The Sheep Jumped Over The Moon!” 😊😊😊😊😊😊
A child’s laughter is just about the sweetest sound on earth.
DO A FLIP
What in the Wales am I seeing here?
Some farmer is gonna have a lonely night now that his sheep gone
That poor sheep...... he will never be able to backflip....

*crying hysterically *
🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑
Yes!!! I've always dreamed of digging a hole and putting a trampoline in it haha
[deleted]
Gotta make him look happy before you slaughter him
