Damn that kid has some sweet hair
A lifelong obsession with cheese begins.
Also, drunk-me's reaction to queso
And so the addiction is born. Welcome to grabbing a handful of shredded cheese out of the fridge every 3 hours.
Kid has beautiful eyes!
Wow I’ve never seen anyone’s eyes actually light up like this
So our food has some goooooood drugs uh?
That first trip on (lactic) acid.
K. So?
This is my baby! 😮🥰 I posted this on my IG and TikTok and someone commented this was on here so I created a whole account just to see! 😂
He has the prettiest eyes!
The way his face just lit up ☺️
I pray this child never becomes lactose intolerant
Cheese is legal crack change my mind. Its just so good.
I’ve always thought those anime shit where their eyes lit up seemed so exaggerated and unrealistic.... until I saw this kid
Kid has good taste already
If this isn’t in Texas I’ll eat my shorts
Hervé Villechaize?
Love that sweet angel face.
This is priceless, that expression says my  life has begun and what a wonderful life it is indeed lol. Too cute!
*Mariachi starts playing in his head*
That reaction was so cute
i wish i had hair again
Boss da plane
Well clearly my son, that I didn't know I had, has been kidnapped from me.
That's how 23 and Me finds out if you carry Mexican genes.
And thus, nacho libre was born
He gets it.
He lit up like a lamp! Too cute.
You can SEE the dopamine hit happen, sucha cutie
When the pre-workout hits...
This is like me every time I eat queso.
This baby is the face of r/aww
The way his eyes lit up when it hit his tastebuds!

Same reaction out of my niece the first time I gave her nutella. And pickles. And hummus. And strawberry ice cream. She really likes food, and food reaction videos are the best.

Thanks for sharing!
Everyone’s talking about his hair. How about those beautiful eyes??
You can tell right when the mariachi band started playing the hat dance in his poquito cabeza.
On a similar note, [here's a baby's first time drinking chocolate milk.](https://www.reddit.com/r/MadeMeSmile/comments/b19tik/baby_trying_chocolate_milk_for_the_first_time/)
This is what they mean when they say it changes things in your brain
He looks like the cheese lowkey
[removed]
Liquid happiness!
Me: I hate kid posts in r/aww

Kid eats Queso and smiles in delight. 

Me: d’awwww!!!
13 months or 30
This kid looks like he just had a life-changing experience!
"This is some serious gourmet sh\*t"
That baby has good taste. From fashion and hair to food choices.
Yall shit on tik tok and then go steal their content without leaving their username in it lmao
Baby Manny Delgado
idk, I just don't find babies cute.
Mi gusto!!!!
This is gonna be me when quarantine is over and I can go out to eat Mexican food again.
Get this man some FUCKIN CHEESE
Wait till he tries it with fries
Fun Fact: Dairy protein has opiate molecules in it, that’s why it’s so addicting, it’s acts on the same part of the brain as opiate painkillers do.
I prefer to mix my kraft Parmesan with a little mustard and just eat that by itself off of my hand.
The eyes got me! Too cute.
This kid is going to be faaaat.
It’s scary to see diabetes land the killing blow
Oh, Little Diabeto...
Oh! He’s so cute! Nice video. ✨
u/vredditdownloader
"See honey! He's your hijo! He's Mexican!" - dialog on Maury Povitch Show
u/vredditdownloader
Bing!!!!
This is the COMPLETE OPPOSITES of r/watchpeopledieinside
Bebé hermoso ya eres mexicano.!🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳
Is he the kid from the first ice age?
I saw this video somewhere else first where they referred to it as cheese dip.. I completely disregarded because what is that?? Glad to see it again where I can actually appreciate what's happening
Me too little buddy, me too
Alright, I don’t really like babies but that is adorable.
That is some cool Eyebleach!
Queso still makes me feel this way after 22 years
And he’ll be chasin’ that cheese dragon for the rest of his life.
This is my face every time I see food with cheese on it.
Me too kid
I feel like he's gonna grow up be a fat kid
Queso!!  So happy!
And then you were never allowed to have queso near the kid again.
First of many
Kids never had cheese? 😳
Cute
Once this baby finds out about cheese sticks it’s all over
It knows what's good.
Cutie pie
Casomorphins is what makes babies addicted to milk. In this case baby calfs to cows milk.  humans have a much stronger traction to this compound. Blah blah blah not natural, blah blah blah something something veganism.
i just saw this on tiktok haha
u/vredditdownloader
It's a slippery slope.
Good, huh?
In the moment, a nacho man was created.. ;)
^^^^^^^^Beatty
Is that Danny devito when he was the young artist?
u/VredditDownloader
My daughter's logic for food:

if not food:
    try eat()
else:
    cry()
It’s boy pablo!!
Haha same
The revelation.
Me when I eat an entire bowl of queso
Cute. Are you the one who put this on tiktok too?
Why does he have a toupee on?
Anyone else think about the Tom Segura bit?
"Baby" .. That's actually a 24 year old.
THAT IS ONE CUTE FRICKIN KID
He loves it and you know it
Is it just me or does he look like the Ice Age baby
yay! a white queso instead of that yellow monstrosity.
Baby, that child is at least 3
Same kid, same.
That's my face exactly when I have white queso.
Dis is GUUUD!!
So fantasy
u/vredditdownloader
/u/vredditshare
Ohmygod I feel the same way. EVERY. TIME.
I still react like that to queso.

Not as cute, but just as pleased.
Mmm. Queso.
His eyes are so big...
This kid is adorable!
That's everyone's reaction to the melted cheesy goodness of queso. I want it now with a strawberry margarita on the rocks no salt.
Queso con queso
I’d love your quest recipe
I’d call him a two year old not a baby.
What's the name of the cheese village from Despicable Me? Cause we need to give the boy a 1 way trip
U/vredditdownloader
Mmm...that's how I look too.
He has great taste!
Omg so pure!
That kid is gonna have some addiction problems lol
He's happy as hell. This made my day
Is this how Mexicans are born?
awww look at that smile!
His hair tho
Previous life must be a Latino already
Those beautiful eyes just opened so wide, so cute. 😍
Oh hi, it’s my soulmate.
Wtf is a queso ?
This post reminds me of this video: https://youtu.be/S8dO8iwZA5c
u/VredditDownloader
Hahaha, this is so cute, love how his little eyes light up just before he smiles!
The fact that your kid looks just like me now but smaller is really wierd
Look at those widdle cheeks! He’s so cute! And that smile.
Activating titan:
Control transfered to pilot
You and me both kid
The way he lights up is magical
So much hair!!
Annndddd that’s exactly how addiction works lol
Thats... not a baby any more.
Same kid. Same.
Me the 10 millionth time I have queso.
This could be a meme
I can see this becoming a meme
It's funny to see how he instinctively opens his mouth when the cheese is near his mouth
This kid is so beautiful.
This is my reaction to queso every time
Samesies
Me too kid...me too
I hate ice age baby
He looks like a male version of Dora the explorer.
U/VredditDownloader
I have an addition to canned nacho cheese and I absolutely need to know how to make this
To quote my husband, "Me too, baby."
Welcome to fathood kid.
This is a super cute baby.
Same kid same
where are the pseudo nutritionists saying the kid is going to die because of this?
This reminds me of the ice cream baby from a while ago
that's my face when i discovered rubbing your pp gives you some primal kind of high for the first time
...Me gusta
If it wasn't for queso, I would spend 100% less money at burrito restaurants.
Awe :)
Teach em young, to love nacho cheese! Lol
Could be used for a queso commercial
I love that it takes only one blink.
As soon as he smiles I hear the Nacho Libre music start playing
I react this way to a good swiss. Enjoy little dude.
Ok
+1 Flavour Profile
/r/BetterEveryLoop
Oh that smile. Anyone remember those “BEHOLD the power of cheese” commercials? That face brought it all back.
When that dose of casomorphin kicks in
That was my reaction too!
“How much cheese is too much cheese?”
That baby is perfect. From the cheese reaction, to the eyes, smile, and hair
u/vredditdownloader
Me too kid, me too. 

That’s exactly how I feel when I get good queso!
I could see his neurons firing off all sorts of good stuff
Hella relatable
ok normally not a fan of baby videos/pics but i will say, this is cute
The look on his face is adorable.
Some good shit right there!!
What a beautiful baby! And yes, I too react the same when I eat queso.
Dope where can i get one
You know that scene in the Mandalorian when it shows his past during the Clone Wars? He looks like a baby Mandalorian. So cute!
That baby it’s like.. mom, fuck baby food!!
First hits free. then you got em on the hook for life.
u/vredditdownloader
I can see alot of memes coming out of this
They're programmed for it.
His pleasure sensors just switched on. Oh to taste queso
I want this adorable cheese-loving child.
A true Latinx!
He has some good tastes, not gonna lie!
Can you add it so thst  Jarabe Tapatío starts plays when his eyes goes wide? I think that would be funny
Why this young man look fresher than I do
I think he like it.
I feel ya kid.
What's a queso?
u/vredditdownloader
Ok, you can keep him
✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔
this kid is now known as the cheese lord
Life? Changed
And now he'll never eat his vegetables again!
You know, I don't actually know what queso but I'm assuming it's a cheese based sauce.
Baby Diabito hungry
That hair! Amazing
There's mom's like this then there's mom's who post videos of their kids eating lemons for the first time. My mom was definitely the latter.
What kinda queso is that ?
This better be gouda...
So cute
Oh god..... This is how a cheese addict is born.
I keep forgetting what "queso" is over there... Here it literally just means "Cheese"
u/vredditdownloader
I honestly thought it said croissant at first not queso
Gromit: cheeeeEEEEEEEEESE!
He one of the football bois now
Well does he have a new favorite food :)
De plane! De plane! Lil Herve Villachez here
That boys life just improved drastically.

HELLO CHEESE!
Latino DNA activated
That’s where Kevin Malone’s toupee ended up
His face goes from confusion to glee in 1 second awwwwww
Awww he’s so happy!
I hope one day he meets the ice cream baby and they get married.
Sexy
The plane, the plane.
Ayeeee
This kid is going to be huge.
Oh that delighted smile!
I feel that way when I eat queso too!
Gotta love that cheese!
Anyone curious, [here is the first season at least
Looking like Monterey Jack from the Rescue Rangers.
He's just soooo cuuuuuuteeeeee. Geeeeee... Do you squeeze those cheeks?? 'Cuz I would!! hahaha <3
Look how his face lights up
CHEESE!
u/Vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
wow! cute baby
He didn´t even bite it
Me to buddy me to.
Thus begins a lifelong romance...
Can we please not do kids any more? There's absolutely nothing cute about this.
Freaking precious! Lol
can we talk about how adorable that baby is, though?
Num num
Don't worry kid, you will always get that face when eating queso.
Damn, I needed that. Go get ‘em kid.
Its me. I'm the baby
Me too baby. Me too.
Thatsone hella cute baby
That just jump started his day it seems.
And the addiction begins.
His eyes are beautiful!
It's funny because I still have that same reaction even now when I eat queso.
That’s me every time I have queso. Not true to one kind/brand. I always have a jar in my fridge and a jar in the cupboard. I’m the guy who gets the 4/$5 tortilla chips. I actually got that yesterday for the first time.. good deal right? Thanks Kroger.
Damn I’m about to go microwave some queso.
[deleted]
You can literally see that queso activating some taste buds he never discovered before.
What exactly is he eating? I know it's cheese but it's hard to tell exactly what that is.
That’s what addiction  looks like
Instant dopamine release.
"Honey, why are you putting cocaine on that chip?" 

"Just record!"
u/vredditshare
You cropped out the tiktok user's tag. Unless you are them?
Does he looks like tattoo from fantasy island?
That baby went into a new realm for a sec.
why is this in r/aww
Fuck your kid
Awwww 😍
Cute😍
So cute!
You lit me up ~~like a rag soaked in gasoline~~
Always save one in queso emergency
I always wondered what happened to Nick Nack from “Man with the Golden Gun”.
😍😍😍
Queso es life!
Same, kid
That’s pretty much me every time I eat cheese, too, except not nearly as cute.
Dat shits good mane.
Best day of his life so far.
This is when his life changed, a love affair with cheese begins!
That hair. What a cutie!!!!
Now I want queso.
Baby will remember that.
Looks like he saw “zee plane” for the first time.
When that cheese hits the soul and gives you pure happiness.
You can literally see the moment he officially comes online
I get that shit kid
I'm normally not a fan of baby or kid posts, but this was great. This kid just discovered the love of cheese, and I'm so happy for him!
They should genetically test him to learn his hair genes. I want it!
Nice
This is the perfect reaction to queso. 😍
Nachhooooooooo!
This is too cute!
His mind was blown! Not very often you get to witness such spleandor.
Frost those tips and he will evolve into Guy Feiri and teleport directly to Flavour town.
Thus Nacho Libre was born
Queso muy fresco!
Baby would be a big hit in a commercial! Adorable!
Something worth living for!
Those beautiful eyes! Lol His tastebuds went loco!
Cheese is where it’s at. I could live on cheese and crackers, and cookies, gotta have cookies
Im gonna need you to send me some of that queso
Me too, kid. Me too.
Awww this vid made Quaratine a little bit brighter
Having our weekend youtube session, my wife and I, where we fall into a youtube hole of old music we listened to. (We are 28 y.o.) and hellogoodbye decideling to sing, "oh it is love, from the first time" right as I scrolled to this video. Lifelong love this kid will have for queso.
Queso can I have s'more?
I love him!
Those eyes are so beautiful
Tattoo!
Now that is one handsome kid .
I have the same reaction when I have queso also.
Baby’s eyes are amazing!
De cheese De cheese
r/bettereveryloop
This kid looks like he's wearing a wig
Something about someone using a chip as a ladle instead of getting a satisfying crunch makes me irrationally upset

Cute baby tho
Me every time I eat queso let’s be honest...
Yep! I guess he’s ours!
That smile is what keeps me going in life.
That's the exact opposite reaction I have when encountering that devil goo
^c h e e s e
I remember my first drink...
What beautiful eyes and smile
Life will never be the same again.
Endorphins must be going haywire!
i know understand the expression “his eyes lit up”
Little Carlitos with his cheese addiction
aww.
dude, same
Me and Cheese.
What’s the difference between ‘queso’ and other cheese? It looks like a liquid to me
Nacho Libre: Baby Years
was gonna comment about the kid's sick hair but someone did first
Haha such a cute kid, that hair. Reminds me of someone and i just can’t place it.
Me IRL
Me too, lil buddy
Typical Latino baby, born with a full head of hair
Oh what a cutie patootie!!!
I mean, this is my reaction to queso still.
Mexican Initiation
grandson used to only eat kaysodeyas or how you spell it And chicken too!
That's awesome lol
I think that nacho is too cheesy, but the kid thinks its grate!
That's still me on my 5,000th queso
That's the Edgar, the official Takuache™ haircut.
His face “ mmmm god damn this is fucking good ! “ 😍

Edit : typo
Credit to @mommylifebelike on Tiktok.
I love his eyelashes. Brings out his amazing eyes
r/bettereveryloop
That's how I feel about it too buddy.
Houston: we have a problem!
Those eyes though, I'm dying
cutest smile ever
How cute!!
I'm saving this so I can show it to my family later. 😂 I have a baby cousin like this, just so sweet that sugar drips off of him. 😁
Why have I never heard of this queso before
I’ve seen this face before! My wife and I once left a small bowl of shredded cheddar cheese on the table while we were cooking. Our cat found it. He made the same face this kid is making, and proceeded to run back and forth our 800 sq ft apartment with glee. We can never leave cheese unsupervised again.
Love how his face just lit up! Adorable! ❤
Where is the salsa???
That’s when the soul meets the body, he is now alive.
How to make queso?
Who can deny ^cheese ?
That smile is infectious!
Queso for my face-o
"Say Queeee-sooo!"
Jackpot!
I love how babies can just like sense when food is near their mouth
what a cutieeee
Lol he loves the cheese
Oh god I miss these years so much.
Me when I can finally go back to a Mexican restaurant.
Reminded me of the baby’s first ice cream cone video!
This put a smile on my face. Soo cuteeee
Anyone know what kind of queso those Mexican restaurants use?    ^^^^^^^asking ^^^^^^^^^for ^^^^^^^^a ^^^^^^^^^friend
He looks like I didn't d the last time I had queso. He's going to be a cool person if you do not fuck it up. Please don't fuck it up, and give that boy more good food.
What the fuck....he said
From that day on,  he knew he was Mexican for life.  (I’m Mexican and queso runs through my veins)
that’s what happens when you give a child drugs that they’ll become addicted to for life. casomorphins are no joke. quit fucking dairy while you can.
Installing unhealthy diets young 😕
Latino baptism
Man I don't care about no kid, show me your puppy!
Meanwhile I look at cheese and my stomach turns over uncontrollably 

NoLactoseCrewRiseUp
Do people really enjoy looking at other people’s kids?
[deleted]
Queso good
That's what happens when I put cheese in my mouth too!
Me gusta
This is really sad, to be honest
This boy is being raised right.
What a doll!!
 ¡A él le gusta!    ¡A él le gusta!   ¡Oye Miguel!
😍😍😍😍😍
What a chonkster.
An addict is born! Welcome to the club kid!
Me too, kid
One example where you can see the moment the dopamine kicks in
that kid's life is never ever gonna be the same
My eyes light up like that every time I see pizza
thats a cute dr suess baby
I feel like I’m the only one who really doesn’t like queso.  And I *love* cheese.  But I would rather have a chip with nothing on it than have it with queso.
Ugh omgggg I’m too young I’m too young I’m too young
OOOOO IT'S SO GOOD IT'S SO GOOD TO HIM.
He has the sweetest eyes!
Queso is fucking gross imo
That's me.  Every time.  🧀
K, soooo.... did he like it?
Muy sabroso!!
It’s gotta be fire queso
That's the same face I make when I eat queso!
Those eyes though
That's still me with queso
Smart kid
Now this was the smile I needed today.
It's baby milei
This is the way
Also my first reaction
His smile is amazing.

Babies smiling is so contagious.
this makes me feel gross...
Well lets admit it nobody wants to see your future disapointment saliva machine midget clone eating cheese we want something interesting just because you are the parent of the baby it doesnt mean you have to put videos of your baby on internet
Fat mutt
stupid little shit. I'd smack the hell out of him.
I fucking hate babies!
What is queso
A true Paisano!
I immediately imagined a loud mariachi band firing up.  "It's like a party in my mouth!"
Kid's already chubby, maybe slow down with inducing him to junk food
Damn that kids going to be obese
Meh....
Great, now I gotta buy a bag of chips and some queso
[deleted]
What a ugly kid 🧒🏼
Given the cheeks, I'd slow down on the food...
That appears to be my spirit animal in the form of an adorable kid.
That's the morphin-like structures in cheese kicking in - essentially making the baby an addict to cow secretions meant for calves.
looks like he's had too much queso
eso fue increíble :D
I love that queso is now widely available outside of Texas. This wasn’t true when I was a kid.
Really? Really? Nobody? Nobody at all? 

"Behold the power of cheese!"
confused to joyful in less than 5 seconds!
Ding, Ding, Ding! We have a winner!
I love its eyes hair smile
Same buddy. I was the same way.
Me too, baby. Me too.
Cute kid. He turns into Herve Villechaize briefly at the end.
White queso?
Me too, kid.
This'll be their first memory.
So relatable.
I've never seen a baby with so much hair
That’s my reaction every time if I’m honest...
Yup, that’s how they get cha
*5 de mayo song begins to play*


Hijole!
I could never get into cheese
Its fucking cheese not queso. Queso may mean in Spanish but you are speaking english. Don't fucking mix the languages if you know the word for it, god. And nobody eats that shit like nacho cheese. If your baby likes it, it is alright, but at least have the decency to call this post: Baby's first nacho, as "Baby's first queso" pisses off spanish speakers like me and the stupid trend of hispanization on popular culture. In short: never say queso unless you're speaking spanish for a full sentence, and the baby is adorable.
Are u sure that’s queso
This is why North America has a weight problem. Poutine up north, Nachos down south, and grilled cheese everywhere in between.
Yeah thats how I got hooked too. Start em young
The only way to become a true baby
His hair looks fake
This the new mi gusta meme?
u/vRedditDownloader
u/vredditdownloader
It’s like a human baby yoda
Liquid cheese? Pls no.
No this is baby’s first salty chip! He mouth doesn’t even reach the quest! Still cute
Me a psychopath: Fuck Toddlers they are very fucking annoying.
Baby's first cheese? Why the Spanglish, lol

Edit: to all those downvoting; I didn't know Americans used the word queso to refer to a specific type of cheese. The word 'queso' in Spanish, simply means 'cheese' (I find it kind of funny, honestly)

It is similar to the situation with 'sombrero'. Sombrero just means 'hat', but Americans use the word to refer specifically to Mexican-style hats.

It's a normal thing in languages to incorporate foreign words but with an incomplete or skewed meaning. It's okay, even though it does happen out of ignorance of a word.

Edit: some people seem to think that my comment implies I have a problem with this. No, I don't. Stop reacting so defensively, seriously. I was just stating my surprise, that's all. Unless of course you think I'm wrong about the fact that queso is just cheese in general in spanish (then you'd be wrong)
[deleted]
Just say cheese like why say queso?
*actually intended for a baby cow
Diabetes in the making.
Why is everyone saying cheese in Spanish on this thread?
You can just say cheese, you know.  Pick one language per post.
That's sure is a fat headed little turd.
[deleted]
