If this keeps up those foxes gonna start charging admission for other animals to come see the humans in their zoo

EDIT: Well now I’m just imagining animals bringing dead birds and lining up to peek inside the windows. “They’re sleeping”
Awww look at the babies
They seem to be calming down the chickens, too! They’ve been pretty quiet the last few days
How to control your rodent problem. Tonight at Eleven.
Pretty sure this is the backyard from Shaun of the Dead
I immediately recognize the one on the fence as the “husband.” Mine does this all the time with that same look like, “Do they act like this around YOU?!”
I was going to pedanic and say kits not cubs but then I learned more!

Male foxes are known as dogs, tods or reynards, females as vixens, and young as cubs, pups, or kits, though the latter name is not to be confused with a distinct species called kit foxes. ... A group of foxes is referred to as a skulk, leash, or earth.
Probably will be an explosion of wildlife around the world, due to quarantine.
I’m going to try this too.
Cutest little collision boop ever
Wait, can't you use your own backyard in UK during lockdown?
The parents keep looking at each other like they're thinking "This is NOT what we signed up for... Why don't they ever sleep?!".
That’s their yard now. Sorry I don’t make the rules
Robin Hood and Maid Marian?
Glad everyone is enjoying the video. I've posted another one of the foxes and tried to link it below. Sorry if it doesn't link correctly, I'm bad at reddit. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/g4ckpx/well_everyone_seemed_to_enjoy_the_first_fox_video/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
I shit you not a baby fox came into my kitchen and attacked my brooms the other day! Cute little bugger I made sure not to touch him to protect his scent
We had a pair of foxes make a den in a sinkhole down the hill from my house. There were six little ones and it was one of the coolest things I’ve ever seen. I set up a trail cam on the entrance to the den and watched them for about 2 weeks. One night came a real hard rain and flooded the pond above the sinkhole until it broke its banks and started to flood the den. The last video I got of them was mama carrying them out and away to safety. I hope they had another den to go to.
Those kitts are pure wee chonkers.
r/FurFoxSake
The kits look nice and healthy and the adult on the grass as well. Maybe see if your friend can take some more pictures of the one that got on the wall? It might have just had messed up fur from playing but it looked a little to me like a bit of mange. They could email the images to a wildlife rehab just to ask if this is a possibility because your friends could keep an eye on the animals condition and if the mange spreads)when the kits are older someone may be able to come and take them to get treated and then bring them back to be released.
Haha, OP friend has good 'animal vibes', safe space.  A real honor.
I will never not be impressed by the lack of fucks urban foxes in the UK give towards people.
I really pray that this keeps up, and when quarantine is over it isn’t just a mad scramble to find an exterminator. This is how it’s supposed to be.
I get lockdown and all, but doesn’t your friend still use their back garden?
I would open the shed for them to live in ❤️
They are pretty safe there as well. The foxes found a perfect place to raise them
I'm pretty sure we're still allowed to use our back gardens guys...
What did they say?
That would be positively wondrous to be able to see this every day.
“honey, that thing behind the glass is watching us again...”
But the garden isn’t on lock down?
I like how the natural world is just waiting for us to not be around anymore and they begin to move in. Imagine being an animal right now how this lockdown would affect your way of life. You have to live in the wild or places were no one goes to survive because you have to avoid humans at all costs because the6 harm you deliberately as well as on the roads. Suddenly some loud alarms go off and they are all gone. You see a few here and there but the bulk of them are gone. Imagine what that would look kuke from that side of the fence.
Cute
Baby foxes are called kits.
Yes!
That’s so cute !  I’d love that.
Clever fox!
I could watch this all day
Good luck when they mark your yard with piss. That's not going to come out
What did the fox say?
Who needs TV when you have a nature documentary in your backyard
Now you got some pet foxes 🥳
I been thinking about how much nature & off spring that has had a chance to bloom with a large portion of the world being locked inside.
I keep seeing all of these posts about birds nesting in peoples windows, people taking in pregnant cats, now this with the little baby fox running around, and I can’t even get the squirrels to eat out of my bird feeder!
I had the same honour a few years ago
You are just afraid of them, aren't you?
The humans are the animals on display and the wildlife is free to roam.  It's a reverse zoo
Cute
r/casualUK
That’s some high quality quarantine entertainment. I am super jealous.
Humans stuck behind a glass wall. Foxes brought their cubs to the zoo.
Their garden now.
Lucky motherfucker
It's so awesome to see how quickly nature steps in when humans leave it alone even for just a few weeks or a month. All the animals are feeling a happiness and comfort that won't be long lasting though. Pity.
I would never go into my backyard again. It’s their backyard now.
My sister is super excited that a pair of rabbits chose her tiny backyard to build a nest. 
I'm excited to see photos when they come out of the nest.
The exact same thing is happening in our garden at the moment. We've had foxes coming and going in our garden for years (we have a large mound of green waste that they seem to love using as bedding), but the absence of people currently has really given them the confidence to come out from the hedges and utilise the otherwise unused space to develop some good family memories with the kits.
I bet you won’t have a rodent problem in your area for a while
The foxes are returning to the gardens. Earth is healing. We are the virus.
It's like a reverse zoo!
Is your friend, by chance, a hot priest?
Need audio! Fox noises are life.
So jealous! Absolutely beautiful creatures.
This has really brightened up my day 😁
Thank OP 👍
Steal the babies
Less cars, less people outside, cleaner air and peaceful silence. Of course they're all coming back. Can we make this normality?
"Oh hi neighbor! Don't mind us."
Warning to your friends: Fox poo stinks, and it sticks like tar.
You can't go in your back yard in the UK?
Give them cheese puffs!
Foxes can be very friendly and trusting of humans. Growing up we had a wild fox that would come visit us every evening. We liked to eat dinner on the back screened in porch and fox would come and ask for scraps. We should not have fed him but we did. At first we left them at the edge of the yard for him. 

Eventually he would come up to the door and scratch at it just like a dog to let us know he was ready for his scraps. Or maybe it was a her. I know at one point the fox brought its babies to us to show them off. 

Fox obviously trusted us.
That fox seems on the fence about someone being there
Your fur is red
So beautiful
Like an angel in disguise
But if you meet
A friendly horse
Will you communicate by
Mo-o-o-o-orse?
Mo-o-o-o-orse?
Mo-o-o-o-orse?
How will you speak to that
Ho-o-o-o-orse?
Ho-o-o-o-orse?
Ho-o-o-o-orse?
That’s adorable. Love the one on the fence looking back at the camera. I’ve been seeing a lot more foxes around my neighborhood lately. Saw a coyote a few days ago.  I usually roll down my window to talk to any of the animals I see. I’m definitely a weirdo. The coyote seemed very confused someone was talking to it.
This is too cool. Mom fox is looking at the window thinking quit staring at my babies you creep human
It's amazing how quickly nature takes over!
This reminds me of the time I was in Spain and a deer had her baby in my yard!

https://youtu.be/ZdqsuZ20LvM
I know there is a 'lock down' or whatever but you can still use your garden. 

The foxes could do this any time of year. 

People profit off this lock down shit to much.
[deleted]
Ok this is the second post in a week where I’ve seen foxes just kinda chillin among humans. I think both were from the UK. Is this typical of England? All I ever seen in the US (GA, WA, CA) are opossums, skunks, and raccoons.
I love foxes so much. They are the perfect combo of cat and dog.
I like wild animals
i bloody hate the calls the foxes makes, waking me up at 3am, then once they stop.   
then i hear strange calls that i can only come from my local zoo, i hope.
A veritable *skulk* of foxes
I saw my first fox in East London last week. I have seen one every day since then... Unbelievable and adoring. You a good mate to let them play around. Cheers.
This looks like “The Incredible Mr. Fox”
I don’t understand, in the UK you’re not allowed in your own garden / backyard or what has changed?
You can’t go in your back yard?
Hell no, not awwww, fox pee has a very strong smell and they mark EVERYTHING as their territory. Plus fox carry plenty of super scary diseases (worms). This not so much in UK, but still.. foxes are cute from afar, you don't want them close
you're still allowed to be in your own garden...
‘You see kids, this is how you jump over walls when running away’
☺️
So cute!!!
Foxes are definitely my favourite type of dog.
Time to grab the first record I bought....
Omg those doofus babies ran head first into each other like it was a mosh pit!
Omg I’ve never seen such a cute chunky pupper before!!!!!!
What a joy!
Swift is alive!
Goddamnit Tails.
Nice
That’s so cute :’(
Fox looks at human:  


>Lol this bitch is afraid to come outside
“Fox in the garden...”
I’d be posting ‘yard available’ for critters needing safe place to raise young.  Probably the only way to have wild animals in a backyard and observe them doing what they do.
He went that way >
Blessed
So your friends don't stay at home?
Kits i believe actually
They’re like “iunno, can we trust this bitch?”
Let them stay PLEASE
Amazing footage. The two little guys bumping into each other made me laugh.

I don’t know if it’s because I’m from the rural south, but does anyone else from the sticks look at the size of that backyard and get anxiety?
They kinda vibing tho
Not having a sound is a crime in this case.
Wow how cool!
That's a nice little garden. Very envious.
Well, look at them cuties! :)
That’s just wholesome
The baby 🦊 are adorable!
They’re probably looking at us like how we do with fishes at the aquarium haha.
How are they taking advantage of the lockdown?
The little ones go boink😂
Seems they were good judges of character and made their babies pretty safe by staying there 😂
What do they say though?
So stinkin cute !
Are foxes aggressive? Like if a person didn’t know there was a fox family and let their dog out, would they attack or run from the dog?
What does the fox say?
Cute and dangerous at the same time...double threat.
Sound?
this so cute
Keep us tuned! I followed you, to see how the Garden-Zoo evolves :D
Lovely, just made this fox fan very happy.
My wife has already said she'd go out and buy them live chickens.
Everyone liked that
Little foxes' day out in the zoo..oh look hun, there is a human behind that glass, don't worry they can't come out.
My HEART
OP better keep us updated on the status and well-being of those baby foxes in the coming days/weeks/years. I also want them referred to by their given names. Thanks.
u/vredditdownloader
I like how the mom fox is like “whatchu looking at?!”
did people stop going to their own private back yard because of corona?
Open the door and let them in
Why do people think they can't enjoy being outside in their yards?
It’s their garden now
Nice it’s like we’re in reverse zoos
Of course, it's raining. Gotta love weather when you are always on the coast.
TIL baby foxes aren't orange and look like regular puppies
I had that without the lockdown when I was living in streatham common. They loved the fire pit and the bench.
A wonderful family
You guys aren't allowed in your yards? Here (US) everyone is taking the opportunity to get landscaping done lol
/u/vredditshare
Oh my GOD what PERFECT BABIES
Laughs in acreage.
Some people are so lucky! Just skunks around me lol
Cutie pups
Their garden now
I’m absolutely loving the surge in wild animal populations due to the quarantine. Nature will always reclaim what it’s lost.
Do foxes co-parent?
I could watch a live stream of this.
Do they run when you go into your garden?
Sadly. The foxes might lose the battle but they'll win the war.
It’s like opposite town zoo
I'm becoming more convinced nobody in the UK actually has a backyard and they all just share the same set when they need to pretend they do. They all look the same!!
Wasn't too long ago when I found out that garden is just UK speak for yard.
I demand daily update post
How cool is that! Fox cam live in your backyard. I only have three feral cats.
Aww we had this a few months ago in our garden but now they've grown up and we haven't seen any of them for a few weeks :(
[deleted]
So cute until people start to wonder where everyone's pet cats are disappearing to.

Lost two cats in one summer to a fox who'd set up her nest close to where we lived.
Now all we need is a David attenborough voiceover.
Heh, how the tables have turned, we're the ones now trapped in a space while animals are free to roam and view us from the outside. We're their zoo..
This ain’t good for the cats that are out and about ...
Foxyyyyyy
What will happen to them once this is over?
I think i'd prefer to let the yard for these tenants
That one look right there - " howdy neighbour "
The 2020 reboot of Animals of Farthing Wood looks really good. And much less depressing.
NAAAATUURE!
OMG, so cute ◕ω◕
The UK has foxes?! Get out! ....
Dog hardware on cat software
Where's the bad news Brian? Do these foxes stand less of a chance since they weren't born in an environment with cars and people?
cute to watch.
You should tell your friends that just because the country is locked down that doesn't mean they can't go into their fenced in garden.
What a treat to see the kits up close.
“It’s the cutest infestation ever.” -Mitch Hedberg
Kits**
Your friend has some weird lookin dogs
So cute.  I love how they bounce around but love on the mom/dad
Where I live in New Mexico, US  coyotes are walking down the street during the day.
It's like you're own little zoo exhibit
The animals will all be so disappointed after the lockdown ends.
We’re living in an episode of Life After People.
Awwww
We're all together in this foxhole
Aren't baby foxes called Kits?
That's cute af doe
Your friend is very lucky
R foxes useful for gardens?
They can use my yard any day!
Must be mama up on that fence. I've seen that escape-the-babies-trying-to-nurse run enough times in my own dogs to recognize it anywhere.
Pups
Now I see you come down on the scene \*guitar riff\*

Oh, foxy!
How are they taking advantage of lockdown if the residents have to stay home as opposed to be out all day at work/school?
Honey the weird neighbor is watching us again through the window.
Duuuude a kitty cat gave birth to 4 little kitties in my backyard and they're sooo cuteeeeee! Happens to the best of us!
Wow that’s so awesome. Thanks for sharing.
Too cute! Maybe give them food.
Aw so adorable!
What does the fox say ?
This might be a dumb question, but does the lockdown mean that you can’t go in your own backyard in the UK?
"Honey, why is our neighbor watching us?"
Omygod SO CUTE O-O
I would be trying to feed them way too much
Those are not cubs, those are pupps
Don’t let a Tory see that! They’ll start blasting
This happened to me along with deer. I have acres of land and about 2 acres cleared then plenty of woods I own so I was surprised to see them. Even my dog chases them but they come right back!
Great, now all you need is a hound for the world's cutest romance story!
I thought they are not fox ,they are a kind of a breed of a dog.
I wish they where in my garden
Oh gosh better not tell anyone, fox hunting is still sadly a thing in the U.K.
You're officially kitted out, mate.
Your friend is so lucky. Such a wonderful sight. Thank you for putting this up.
Here they do this even without the lockdown
NaTuRe Is HeAlInG
You're going to regret this at one point - I already have.
The new Disney movie looks awesome.
r/foxes
Wow, I envy you.
Dude that’s a privilege! Your friend is lucky 💜
Cute. I’ve got some in my garden as well. One is currently napping!
Aaaa so cute 😍
Even I live in city I have pretty much animals comming to my yard. Today rabbit was following me, when I turned my head around it ran away. I wonder (hope) she will bring her babies too.
You can still use your garden you know
The only acceptable way to have pet foxes
Lucky
Omg they are so cute
Tell your friend the lockdown doesn’t extend to his garden.
I like how when the fox jumped onto the fence he notices the guy and looks at him, then looks at the cubs then looks at him again.
The babies are adorable though
I've got the same situation going down with some raccoons.
Aren’t baby foxes called kits?
Their very cute, though your not banned from using your garden in the lockdown
Are you not allowed to go into your backyard/garden in the UK?
Funny, they’re roaming around free and the people are the ones behind the glass.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
God bless them.
Is this Gary Powndland’s back garden?
I didn't know fox dads stayed with their Cubs, how cute!
u/vredditdownloader
free real estate
That’s so cool and adorable! <3
Animal Crossing IRL
That’s amazing.  I hear so many around here, but they never come in the garden - great to see a vid like this
Always forget how nimble foxes are.
Sorry for this but they’re vermin.
Let them! That's so cute!
Lucky!!!!!
They have trust there..
They are my favorite..
Fox and friends!!
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
[deleted]
You fur is red, so beautyful, like an angel in the sky...
What did the fox say !?
It's so adorable 😍
Cat software, Dog hardware
for the foxes

 don't feel sorry for me.  
I am a competent,  
satisfied human being.  


be sorry for the others  
who  
fidget  
complain  


who  
constantly  
rearrange their  
lives  
like  
furniture.  


juggling mates  
and  
attitudes  


their  
confusion is  
constant  


and it will  
touch  
whoever they  
deal with.  


beware of them,,,,,
cute
Damn so this is what animals see on the other side of so zoo cages.
Crack Fox
You’re even now! You have taken advantage of the foxes living the garden. Sign the contract. They’re home now.
u/vredditdownloader
Not cubs but kits
Kits.  Foxes dont have cubs, they have kits
too cute!
What the cuss!
Such beautiful creatures. And the little ones are that much more gorgeous. Nice. All I see in South Central Los Angeles are Raccoons and Possums. I guess they're cute too. 👍❤🦊🦝
All fun and games u TIL the neighbour has chickens!!
Surely people are in their gardens more during lockdown?
Has this guy not gone into his own garden since the lockdown?
When you take the kids to the zoo and they’d rather mess around than look at the creatures behind the glass.
I would enjoy this my garden :)
Love how even the foxes are posh in the UK
I would never leave the back door! This would be my quarantine activity. Sorry, can’t sleep, I’m watching the baby foxes! ♥️
AAAAAAHHHH MY LIFE! Brilliant.

Whoever said they’re dog hardware running cat software was bang on the money
Nature at its finest ... Taking back what is theirs LOL
B A B I E S
awesome
I wish there were fox kittens in my garden :<
are you not allowed to go in your backyard or what?
Kits. Not cubs.
Nawwww so cute!🦊🦊
This is nice
Time to buy some extra rations.
The real question is why are you in their porch?
Finnegan!
Thanks fren for the garden 😺
My mom has a similar thing at their place rn with a mama coyote that brings her cubs on their property to chase rabbits. They’re so cute! But way more afraid of people than these foxes which clearly dngaf about the cameraman
Oh my god you’re so lucky!
*kits
Hot priest is terrified
fennigan fox!
r/vredditdownloader
They seem so happy. I envy them so much.
Oh for fox sake  🦊
u/Vredditdownloader
Has anyone seen whales in the Hudson yet?
Feel bad for the cubs when it ends, they will never have learned fear man.
The fox was just taking her kids to the Zoo.
Is this the backyard from Shaun of the Dead?
I would not be able to stay inside.
Are foxes just everywhere in the UK?
Awwwwww. So cute 😙😍
Ah yes, the mating foxes of Kent.

Cookie to those who get the reference
Hope you enjoy the sounds of foxes waiting, because your gonna be hearing alot more of that if the foxes thing your garden is a safe area for them. And incase anyone doesn't know what fox sex sounds like, it sounds like a woman being raped
"Honey , Are you sure of this place ?"
Hope you taking care of them
Foxes in the garden? How delightfully British
quick go get a couple of leads before they de spawn!
How do I attract foxes to my apartment complex? :( We have plenty of squirrels for them to eat
I've seen so many foxes running around at night the past few weeks. I know they're pests, bit god damn they're cute.
Are people not allowed in their yards ?
Wouldn’t he be in his yard more with lockdown?

You guys are still allowed in your yards?  Or no?
1.  That little grey one looks like a cat-bunny. So adorable. 

2.  Nothing cool like that happens in our yard. And I can’t get the crazy neighborhood dog from pooping in our yard.
Theres a girl in the garden.
I mean.... youre allowed to go in your own backyard. Might wanna fyi your friend. /s
I know you shouldn't but you should totally take one but don't do that that would be dumb but please do it but obviously don't ever do that but do it ^don't ^^do ^^it ^^^don't ^^^^do
So they are aware your neighbkur is looking and is ok with it. Wow
YOu nEEd to put a Webcam out there, charge people to watch lil' foxes run around & cause cute havoc.

You'll have some income to make up for money lost due to quarantine, you'll alleviate stress for folks *during these trying times*.

Win-Win
Nature is all "Humans? we don't need no stinking humans!"
Guess is throwing them straight up and running wasn’t really that smart eh?  No one died though
So many animals and plants are going to die when everything reverts to pollutionvile again.
Precious babies.
Tell your mate he is allowed to go in his garden

This is bloody cute though
A little bit of greasy entertainment. It’s sucks if you friend has a dog though...
What would this have to do with the lockdown? Wouldn’t the wild animals be in public more, and private places less b/c your friend is stuck there 24/7?
I think for foxes they are called kits.   feline babies are cubs.
Baby fox at the start was like huh where did mama go ?
Fox shit absolutely stinks, I hope they are ready for this.
Wow! How wonderful to watch.
Are people in the UK not allowed to go out into their back garden during lockdown?
Smellavision?
I love foxes.. adorable
/r/animalstakingover
Fox up on the ledge seems to look back like, “you believe these damn kids?”
r/foxes
Well they probably would have (and should!) lockdown or not, you know!
Aww so cute
Wait... you’re not even allowed to go in your own GARDEN?!?
Wow. How lucky!! Wildlife cuteness from a safe distance
Sooo lucky! I wish I had foxes on my back garden
This would be amazing. I have at least 1 healthy looking fox around me and I would give up my yard for a pair anytime. As long as they remain healthy and skiddish around people they are a sign of a stable eco-system. 

So cute. The one jumping away from the kit. Awwwww
Damnit Carl you scared the foxes
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa omg I want thisseee
What does the fox say?
Lockdown has animals living their best lives, you love to see it
He was like "oh shit, a human"
That’s, fantastic ;)
That’s a very U.K. looking yard.
Awww! It makes me sad that they're so skinny though.
Aww they’re coming close! We have a fox in our garden with 6 fox cubs!! They’re so cute but they’re wild they run around playing so fast! So cute to watch though
I'm just so jealous!
Foxes can’t wait for the zombie apocalypse!
I like how they call it a garden because they're too small to be a backyard
I don't want the world to go back. I'm not naive. I know we will not learn from this. But the little child in me still hopes..
Are y’all now allowed in your gardens during lockdown?
Video everyday please 😍
Aw, very cute. I like the way the fox walks under the table thing at the start so casually
This lockdown has been really interesting! It's sort of given me an image of what animals would do if humans just disappeared one day.

Turns out they'd wait a week or two or three to make sure they're actually gone, then they'd take over the homes! I've had a bird trying to break all the windows in my house (and completely failing) for the past 5 days
I love this!!!! ❤❤❤
Are you the hot priest?
I seemed to have missed the garden.
This is really cute. We have a fox living near the bottom of our garden and I got really bummed out when I saw he/she was walking with an injured leg this morning.
That could save you going to the grocery store for food.
Once we are gone nature will reclaim what it owns
😋😍✌
And that is how you become a Disney Princess!
Now OP can tell us what does the fox say!!!
I’m worried about these foxes. They are going to get used to a much easier world than the one they actually live in.
Free pets
well you know there wont be rabbits eating your veggies
Who doesn't want a place to call their own
The Upperclass Twits can't get their horses up in there.
Did (s)he feed them?
I mean on the one hand, it's very annoying they can't access their garden if they decide to pass the time in their yard. On the other hand, AWWWWWWWW!
Your friend needs a pressure washer in the worst way.
u/vredditdownloader
Fantastic
And what was your friend's address? I'm on my over (I hear cheap flights are available).
This looks just like the backyard in Shaun of the dead. Are all UK backyards the same?
are they everywhere like a large city park or just in the outskirts. I'm CA and we have them but I never seen any nearby just in the hills nowhere near a neighborhood
Do they actually stink as bad as some say? They seem like they'd be such cool pets.
“Don’t mind is, luv. Just passin through.”

*Tips fox hat.*
What do they eat in urban areas?
What does your friend grow in his garden?
Wait for the population boom come December.
"Kits" are what baby foxes are called
cute
I wish this would happen in my garden
Are foxes in the UK  that common? What's a comparable animal in the US? Maybe a Southwestern Coyote?
Just pull a Callum’s Corner and run out there and AAH scare em away
How lovely the crack fox found someone to raise kids with, he got of the party bus and into the family life
Criminally smol babies
Oh yeah that's a UK backyard alright
Precious foxies 💗🦊🦊🦊
I loooove this: feed them!! Sometimes at least! Lucky you
Steal them! Teach them hyperbeam
Careful, foxes can carry rabies.
Very confident! They always run away from me in my garden.
BLESSED
Your friend is blessed. Maybe your friend can put little treats out or something that the foxes can burrow down in and feel protected in, when they sleep.. like a dog house. But a foxhouse.
They were anyway he was just at work when this happened.
You're still allowed to use your garden during lockdown you know.
I believe baby foxes are called kits. Bears are cubs.
It's theirs now
There’s a girl in the garden
Can you please provide any type of support if needed?
There's a fox in the garden.
Great entertainment.  I didn't think the lockdown restricted you from going into your garden though, so does it really have anything to do with the lockdown?
I lost it when one of them smacked into the wall and then promptly turned around and smacked into its sibling.
I want kits playing in my yard too
Lucky.
I also have a family of foxes in my back yard!
Good choice 👍
u/vredditdownloader
Foxes are amazing animals honestly, but they’re also a dangerous pest in this country. Here in London, you can reasonably expect to find them on or around every single street across the entire city, near me there are at least two separate places where they live, with plenty of space for more. I’m not surprised that they are so bold, they’ve been like that for 20 years or more.
Okay best quarantine flex ever
Honestly I wouldn’t be mad at all that’s so cute
*kits but so cute thank you for sharing!!
Sorry buddy, your garden isn't your anymore.
You'd be the star of r/powerwashingporn if you took one to those slabs mate
u/vredditshare
wow those foxes are not practicing social distancing
Finnegan Fox
The purest blessing possible
We need updates!
Nothing Awwwww about the stench of Fox urine.
Aww!
How fantastic! I hope they have children , so they can observe nature up close.  They need a motion detector camera to catch all their antics, or just a camera dedicated to them.
awww! How sweet!
Kits?
They are so precious! I hope they find a nice forever home!
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog
I see nothing wrong with that
I would happily give them my yard!!!
Dude I know some people who would pay you to be able to power wash that patio.
This is too adorable 🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
“ okey kids go play but stay where I can see you!!”
Is it the hot priest's house?
r/BecauseCorona
More like you are using their home as a garden
OMG lucky friend!
Why are foxes so cool?
Shawn of the dead ass backyard
Foxes are really great but we still have a problem in the UK with fox hunting. It is banned but the arse holes still go out and hunt them down with their packs of dogs.
The Urban Fox - https://youtu.be/4muJqdF3dj8
Kitsch not cubs
Keep them because foxes are very nice animals
That's so fucking cool
Going to need daily updates on the development of these little kitters please
Foxes are great.
That little rub at :38ish... so fucking cute.
You'll probably never ever see this - but your friend should know that foxes *love* eggs if they are considering treating them like friends! If you give them raw eggs still in their shell, I promise you would have those guys gently taking eggs out the palm of your hand within a couple of months! I'm super jealous.
The Priest from Fleabag better watch out
I hated the fact that I grew up being made to believe that foxes were bad, dirty animals.

This video and the foxes around my own neighborhood just show that they're pretty harmless and quite nice. Sometimes too noisy but my cat and I never have problems with them.
I will still not forgive what war crimes those foxes have committed
National geographic in your backyard
They cute or whatever lol
Visited a friend in east London (Clapton) a couple years ago, and there were foxes everywhere! When we were out at night, saw them all the time. So is this really a COVID thing? Or is it just “there’s a lot of foxes in the UK, period”?
You should give them some tennis balls to play with
Super cute, enjoy the smell.
Awwwweeeeee. So sweet.
Now we’re the locked up animals in a zoo
Boy nature just doesn't waste time taking over everything the second we quiet down.
Big yes ❤
Hey! Since foxes are very sensitive to human presence, plz try to not let them know your presence as much as possible. There may be a reason why they settled in this place.
Amazing!
0:08 bonk
I wish we were blessed with baby foxes in our yard.
If I may ask, is this in London?
For fox sake, this is adorable.
Please ask them to put out a bowl of water for them
Beautiful💌 Priceless💗
Now you can find out what does the fox says
She jumped up ready to leave those babies lol
act natural!
Please set some raw chicken eggs out there she will love them ...
Heard fox urine reeks. Hope your friend is ready to sell the house.
foxes = 200 iq?🤨😂😂😂
It’s a yard guys. Brits will call a yard full of gravel a garden smh
I would love for this to happen in my backyard.. You get to watch animals grow up with their families :)
Bet they scream like human babies at night. Had foxes in our old house and it was a nightmare!
I've had foxes make a home on my property before it wasn't all cuteness. First they killed everyone of my chickens and secondly they shit and piss in one area over and over and it's a bad freakin smell. So on one hand I had a cute kit of foxes on my property. On the other I had no chickens or eggs and a part of my house/yard smelled like fox shit and piss. And oh they piss on everything. They don't give a fuck what it is.
foxes be like, it's a free real estate.
All you need is a hen for the fox house.
*Kits. Young foxes are known as kits, not cubs. Still adorable!
are you  not allowed outside in your own yard {garden\]?
They like eggs, tell him to give the eggs
Great to see nature taking advantage of this quiet time...
[Deleted]
If we all got abducted by aliens or some other catastrophe happened to wipe out humans, it would be wonderful to be an angel just floating around watching how quickly nature took back the world.
You guys cant even go out into your own gardens?
You’re a fox momma now 🦊
So heckin cuteeeee!!!
More i watch animals the more I realise that maybe we are just the biggest practice ever
Hot Priest's worst nightmare come true.
Those foxes  look well fed much better than the one we had in our garden last year poor thing looked half dead. 

Foxes with cubs will sometimes take over a garden think of it as Airbnb without the money but it’s good for the soul.
At least you have entertainment now!
in post apocalyptic films, you always see some animals in the streets of since-long abandonned cities... like "woah, in just a few years, the deers are back"

in real life, just a few weeks with humans just staying at home (not even disappearing, just staying at home) and we already have plenty of foxes in gardens and even boars in the streets (even some wolves around cities in france).

If we all disappeared suddenly, everyting would come back to nature and animals way faster than we thought
See the animal in his cage that you built. 
Are you sure what side you're on?
Are they prohibited from going into their garden by the quarantine?
That’s no Garden. Ahhh. UK Garden. Gotcha
Many animals are behaving differently during this period. Two pandas in Hong Kong's Ocean Park have mated after 10 years and even monkeys in india are trespassing in population centers
Lol the one on top of the brick wall seems to be looking at the camera dude like “do you SEE THIS!? DO YOU SEE WHAT IM DEALING WITH!?”
Hmm
How sweet I could watch this all day long!! Safe Haven for their Cubs💞🦊🦊💞
Nature all it needs is being left alone
Awwwww
Dumb question, it always called a garden even if there isn’t an actual garden?
Super cute! Wish I had some of that going on here. We have more rabbits than anything and my garden and lilly bed pay the price..
Doesn’t fox pee smell horrendous? Or am I wrong?
So your friend is on lockdown from using their garden?
Oh please something great came out of this!
I have those chairs
Give them a ball to play with!
Where did he get locked down? In the attic?
Same in my parents garden! One fox and 5 little babies. It’s cute and all but actually a bit of a nightmare, the SPCA won’t come get them unless they’re injured and pest control can only put down cages, but if you catch one the mother and/or babies will go mental. 

And apparently burrowing can damage the foundations. But they’re still super cute though
i snorted the moment one of them just went on the wall like “no thank you that’s enough babies for today”
Good as place as any.
What did the fox say?
Theyre obviously trapped....he’s breeding them after watching to much tiger king
Put an offering of chicken outside
This is cutest thing I've ever seen. Foxes are cute, but baby foxes holy shit. I didn't know this level of cuteness was possible
Wait you can’t even go in your garden while on lock down?
Well that's cute af. Are foxes considered feral vermin in the UK as they are in Australia? Here there are a few fucking crazy people who advocate for the protection of foxes, while extermination is really the only valid action, considering our endangered wildlife which have no natural predators.
Sooooo cute, but I learned from reddit that fox shit is the most foul of shit in the animal kingdom. 
Source-landscaper of reddit.
Damn even the foxes were laid off.
Omg....im so jealous
wE aRe tHe vIruS
What a coincidence, there was a fox in my garden today too. I think it was looking for food since my friend normally leave out bread for the birds.
"Hey! Whoawhoawhoa! The milk bar is CLOSED!"
u/greyson21 -- ask them to set up a video steam on their backyard so we may watch the cubs grow! Please!
Such a rare sight :) And not the only one . I'm glad people record these moments for the rest to see and I find this wholesome :)
They made a hole and everything
Zero foxs given
Steal the babies
you want to cuddle them don't you
I'm so jealous 😭💜
Lock down in the UK keeps you from using your own garden? Yeah okay...

If true, that's draconian. If not true, shame on OP.
Awwwwwwwwwwww...
Baby foxes are called kits!
Makes you realize that we are a plaque on this world
The one that climbed the wall looks so proud. Or terrified.
That's going to smell a fright. Fox urine is pungent.
They're called "kits" but you can call them "aww" in any language!
Lucky!
