Look at kitty patiently waiting.
Is your cats favorite toy a little stuffed cat? It’s so cute!
I love how patiently he/she is waiting and watching your grandma's every move :)
Here's a [gallery](http://imgur.com/gallery/ySflJsW) of post op pictures!
Something's wrong here. I don't see a Danish Butter Cookies tin for the sewing tools.
Awwwwwww, kitty looks so anxious about the well being of his toy. Like "He's gonna make it, right??" XD
Hug your grandma for me. My grandma's birthday was yesterday and I could only video chat with her. I miss her. Hug your grandma every chance you get.
Ya need to hurry Gram,Im getting behind on my daily play time schedule
Wow, the cat is super-interested in the process.
What is your boy's name? Mine is named Maxwell.
https://imgur.com/gallery/DvFnrCO
Gotta love our orange and white [lads](https://imgur.com/a/cPYRBSH) :)
Post an "after" picture with happy kitty and convalescing leopard. :)
This sweet moment brought a huge smile to my face. Thank you for sharing it. Grandmas and kitties!
Grandmas are the best!
Being watched by Inspector Catget
I love how she is just sitting and watching just nearby. Concerned but oh so patient too.
“Is he gonna make it, Grannie?”
We have the same cat!  

https://i.imgur.com/XW44N46.jpg
Love how he’s waiting patiently
This makes me happy
Hooman, I approve, carry on.....
I love this :’) your grandma and cat are so sweet!
it’s just so cute that your cat is so invested in this 🥺🥺
Give us an update for how long it survives after the surgery
Doktor, can he be saved?
My parents used to have a cat who had a stuffed lion since the first day she came home as a tiny kitten. At first it was bigger than she was, and she slept between its legs. It gave her comfort in her new unfamiliar home.

She grew and got bigger than the lion, but it always remained her favorite toy. She would never fight it or beat it up. She always treated it like a baby, and we would hear her in the next room or the hallway, quietly yowling with the lion in her mouth. If you caught her with it, she would immediately drop it and look at you like she was saying "What are you talking about? I wasn't carrying that lion around like a baby."

Like any mama cat, she licked that lions head constantly, and eventually wore a big hole right through until its stuffing brains threatened to come out. My mom carefully hand-sewed a patch on the bare spot, and every now and then she'd touch it up. 

Today, that kitty's ashes sit in a box on a bookshelf in my mother's room, and that lion sits right next to it.
I learned how to sew when I was 10 because our pit bull kept tearing open her toys
Excuse me, it is his grandma
Grandma's are awesome
OMG this is so cute
My Mom sewn toys for the pets out of denim (old jeans deemed unwearable). These really held up to the pets, especially from the toy poodle that could quickly gut a squeaky toy from the store.
Give your cat a kiss on the head from me and a kiss on the forehead for your grandma from me as well.  I love them both, I truly do.
Could you please post another pic of the toy post surgery with your cat? 🙏🏼
Your grandma is a g love her this is so wholesome 😭
Boy, he's really intent on keeping an eye on what she's up to with his toy! Being very patient also.
My mom did that for my cat too. But instead she ripped the toy open and put some cat nip inside before sewing it back together.
I don't know why, but this reminds me of the Calvin and Hobbes comic where Hobbes gets a tear and Calvin is hovering around his mom all concerned as she's repairing him. It's so cute!
You know what I noticed and loved right away...that you can see there are a couple of greeting cards in one of the photos that look unused, so they have been bought to send to other people. That is such a grandma thing.  My mom still spends so much money on greeting cards (she's having a horrible time with no greeting card purchases during lockdown), and decorates each card, never misses a birthday with extended relatives, writes a note in every single card.  Meanwhile, a lot of younger generation don't even pick up their mail every day since most important things come to them via email and it breaks her heart.  Young people with grandparents that send cards, open your mail every day so you can text or call them when you get their card!!
I do this for my baby, he needs his 🧸 

Also, your grandmother looks really kind, hopefully she is. You are lucky, I never knew mine.
r/SpeciesBeingBros
He's just waiting to tear it a part again
My goodness the carpet is so unbelievably clean. 

Is your grandmother Korean? 

I was in the airport in Incheon, SK and it had the cleanest carpet I've ever seen, let alone for an airport.
"give it to me straight ma, is he gonna live?"
kittie is like, I gutted it proper and killed it, wtf are you doing?

if we could read animals minds, we might not like them so much.
Too cute
"Fix it, slave."
Aw, Grandma is so sweet! Kitteh has a concern
Best cat pic EVER
Sweetest thing ever.
That is so precious. Your cat is supervising, grams is concentrating. What a lovely picture.
Looks like my kitty😄
Looks just like my kitty.
These pictures are adorable!
Please tell me she is explaining the process to the cat.

Meh that's how it is in my head regardless.
What ~~doe~~is it thinking as it looks at the toy?
I love your grandma. She's so cute. <3
It's a special project and the overseer is keeping a very close eye on the staff.
awe hes like “thenk you grammaw.... is it ready?”
Because that’s what heroes do!
I have had to sew my cats favorite toy many, many times. He always watches me doing surgery and gets so excited when I finally let him have his toy back.
Aww! He’s so concerned about his buddy
I have your cat’s twin. Even the orange lip.
Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
"Dr. Grandma, the toy will STILL be destroyable later, yes?"
I don’t see the blue sewing tin, she uses a pouch?
Aww your grandma is so cute, bless her 😊❤️
the amount of love in this
Very sweet picture. Kitty and Grandma are adorable.
Supervisor.
I love how the cat is patiently waiting, she must do this all the time.
"What happened to my toy? Is it... safe? Is it... alright?"

"It seems, in your anger, you killed it."
A couple of sweethearts!
We tried the same thing recently. https://m.imgur.com/a/mEmXSNX
Grandmas really do take care of everyone
just burst into tears i hate being hormonal
The ears on my favorite stuffed rabbit started to fall out a few years ago (I sleep with him every night and he is very well-loved) and I had to take him to my mom to have her sew them back on. Me watching the surgery looked very much like these pics.

I know how to sew, but I told my mom that repairing beloved stuffed animals requires Mom Magic that I just do not possess.
“Oh god..oh god...please help Sniffles! Do what you can!”- this cat
Your Grandma is awesome!!
Awwwwww this is for people 
Who says cats are mean!!
Now THAT is real love !  And look at the kitty patiently waiting for her to fix the toy.  Priceless photo.  Its been a grueling day....this picture made my night.  Grandmothers are the BEST.
Grandma and Kitty are both sweethearts. You're blessed to have so much love around tou
"Is he gonna make it doc? I swear I didn't mean ta hurt 'im, just was roughhousin' and then he just popped open. God, what do I say to his wife? He has KIDS DOC!"

"Oh he'll be fine, now pass me some more thread"
The cat almost seems like he actually knows whats happening and waiting patiently
Nice flex steel sectional.
Reminds me of the kid's book Mog and Bunny by Judith Kerr, so cute
Your grandma is adorable. She reminds me of the little old lady from Fuku Fuku
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I have the same couch
That's a good Grandma. And a patient kitty. Good team.
I love how the kitty is overseeing the process..
10,000 points for grandma!!
Sweet grandma ❤️
Sweet pic
r/grandmasbeingbros
That's so wholesome
That cat looks suspiciously like my grandma's cat. Except my grandma's cat is horribly obese. He's finally on a diet now though!
Awww...your Grandma is sweet. And that cat is waiting ever so patiently!
Cats like "what are you doing? I killed it already..."
He looks like a nervous expectant father watching labor.
So sweet
Thanks gramma!
Your grandmother's cat looks exactly like my cat, Goose. Down to the half 'stache and everything.
My siamese would do that... sit patiently while I'd sew together his toy. I used to make a string toy with duck tape. He could hardly contain his excitement as I made it. Eyes as black as the midnight sky... yet oh so patient.
2nd picture looks like hes about to pounce haha
I hope it’s just a flesh wound 


-the cat probably
I need to share this with people this is too freaking wholesome omg.
Aww! How cute! You gotta care for each other during these times.
My cat had a little stuffed tiger she would carry around, fetch, fight and etc. Was a stuffed tiger I had when I was a kid and she took over it for twenty years treating it like her baby.
That's precious
This is very precious. Thank you for sharing this!
Me as a cat grandma.
This is so pure it made me cry. ❤️❤️
"is he...is he gonna make it?" I love how the kitty is diligently watching and waiting.
"Oh my god, what have I done? He needs surgery now. Is he gonna make it? Tell me he'll pull through, Grandma!"
Go grandma, to the rescue.
The aww moment is grandma
Cats don’t destroy all their toys. I had a cat that had a Barbie head as her lovey for 13 years. She slept with that thing every single day. We took it with us when we had to put her down. I still have that Barbie head.
“I wait here til surgery on stuff cuddle is over, Grammy!” 😇🐾❤️

So cute! 😍
My kitty's favorite toy is a realistic stuffed toy trout named Rupert Trout.
My boy cat rhubarb has claimed my mums head, he sleeps on her head when it’s night time and my girl cat custard sleeps on my mums feet.
Is he a Turkish Van or related? His coloring is so pretty!
He’s watching her so patiently and with such trust.  Makes me smile and want to cry at the same time.  I’m turning into a blubbering southern granny, except I can’t sew
[The reverse of this Calvin & Hobbs cartoon.](https://i.redd.it/z93qc708pj711.jpg)
Well done Grandma! 

Your kitty is so cute waiting patiently for his toy to be back in one piece.
The cat knows she is helping!
I love how paitent he is and may mention adorable😍😍😍
I used to have to do this for my cat's favorite toy, Lion. She would watch me with such excitement. She carried him around like a baby until she would rip his guts. Then she'd bring him to me and demand stitches.
My cat also likes to supervise when I wash his toys. Seriously considering getting him a toy cat of his own now though too!
God bless your grandma! She's a very kind woman to fix a cat's toy knowing full well she'll have to fix it again next week.
the grandma is like no no you cant do that and then the cats like please forgive me uwu
That picture of Grandma and the cat took my heart away - and then Doodle comes along ... doesn't get better!
Curiosity killed the toy
Dr. is she going to be ok?
Toy: respawning
Cat: spawn camping
"I'll do it again"
I love the way he's watching her.
U fix hooman
Aww, thanks Nana.
First time I've audibly said aww to a post in a while.
This is so pure.
So adorable it’s almost painful! ❤️
Somebody draw them as cute animal crossing characters now!!
My boxer pitty mix had a lion toy (Mr. Lion) that she ripped open 8 or 9 times. I sewed him back until he had more stitches than fabric. But she loved Mr. Lion and he was a durable, lovable toy.
I used to do this with my dogs toys, she would so the same thing
I'm a little disappointed that no one read the title and then OP's username to see how this story jumps out of r/aww territory in a New York minute.
When I was a kid, my grandmother carefully opened my favorite teddy bear, pulled out his stuffing, washed the bear, and restuffed him with new stuffing. I watched the whole thing and likely looked just like this cat.
Thank you grandma
This reminds me of a kid waiting for their favorite stuffy to be out of 'surgery'. He just looks so concerned for his stuffed friend and it's adorable.
THE PURITY 😭 I needed this tonight.
He’s just making sure she does it right. Quality control.
What a lovely grandma.  Tell her I said hi.
Aw, that´s heartmelting, kudos for the lovely granny!
It's his grandma too.
such wholesome
He protecc 
He attac
But most of all
He love gramma when she give it back
"hows the surgery going hooman? plz say my baby will make it." -cat
Kittyyy
Aww. This melts my cold, dead heart just a little.
Grandma and a cat, always a perfect match
Cat be like "is she gonna make it doc?"
Thanks grandma - cat
I do this for my dog all the time he loves on his favorite toys the most so I have him bring them to me and I'll restuff and sew it extra strong so he can keep his favorite toy longer
Such a wonderful grandma.
I broke it again!
Grandmas are the best.
he looks so concerned! aww
I wonder about parents sometimes. My parents say they hate animals and even the idea of people having pets. When my sisters got a dog he was an outside dog and they pretty much ignored him while my sisters (and then me and my brother after they moved out) were left to feed and take care of him. Now that the children are all 30+, if I chat with my parents for longer then 15 minutes they will undoubtedly ask how my dog is doing. When they go to my sister's house when she's not there, she will find treat crumbs in places treats aren't normally given. They still insist they hate animals, even though they seem to care about them now.
Unrelated but I have that same couch.
Give it to me straight doc.... is he gonna make it?
Are you done yet?  Are you done yet?  How about now? Now? Now!?!
i wish my grandma was here to mend my cats toys!!
Is r/kitting too far of a stretch?
We have that same couch. 😂 Anyway, cute kitty you have there!
Is it alive? Will it be ok? The cat anxiously awaiting the results of the surgery
This melts my cold icy heart.
I have the same couch, Ina lighter colour. And my cat looked just like yours. Adorable!
"Hurry...hurry...hurry...faster...FASTER!  If you don't go faster, I have to wait longer to rip it open again!!!"
I'm lucky my cat's favorite toy is a little sheep/mouse thing that I can replace at our pet food store for a dollar.
Cats. 🤔😗😁
So sweet
This is the most wholesome thing I've seen all day!
I got the same couch but in black leather lol
Ahh yes, sewing. A lost art
Anybody suggest some good toys to keep my cats busy? Stuffed Animals, like mouses? Balls? I really need to give them something to do now.. :P
I love when cats have a special stuffed animal. My little Nero has had a little stuffed fox since we got him as a kitten. We use it as a size comparison for his growth since they were the same size when we got him. He carries it literally everywhere. Even when jumping on high furniture.
I love these pics.
Been there, done that with my dog. Guess what the first thing he did when he got it back was?
THANKS GRAMA
Awwwn
I'm so jealous...  All my grandmother's are long gone and so is my mother, who'd be doing this very thing if she was sitting on my couch now.  Take lots of pictures and sit by her often.
The cat is just watching waiting for it to be finished like he knows it’s in good hands
Aww I do this for my dogs favorite toys too
And he will pay her with a meow plus a cuddle.
Quality cat-trol.
Wonderful grandma!
We call that, “in the ER, getting surgery” :)
This was definitely me every single time one of my toys or the Xbox broke and my Dad was meticulously trying to fix it for me
Cat: Are you...unmurdering it?
I love how he moves to her other side, like he's so anxious he can't sit still.
That cat is going to do it again. We all know it
That’s so sweet! 😻
What a bro couch, I believe I used to sit on one of those
I love your grandma ❤️ wish I still had mine..
I've had to give my baby's turtle multiple surgeries to fix rips, and he always watches.
Too sweet! I love how my mother in law will sew her grand babies stuff animals back together. I want to throw them out cause I don’t have the time but she saves me by having patience. Every time she’s visits the sewing kit comes out! I love her, makes the kiddos happy.. memories!
Very sweet.  Thank you grandma.
"Can you fix it human? Can you? Can you? Please tell me you can...Okay, I'll just wait here" - Cat
Grammy, you fix please?!!??!??
Aww, kitty is fascinated with toy surgery.
Am sorry meow
It's good that your grandma still cares about the cat😊
That's an awesome grandma 😊
AWWW HES JUST PATIENTLY WAITING
Grandma's are the best!
Beautiful!
Cat - “But I wanted it’s guts out..”
i love ur grandma mine would do the same lol
Thanks grandma you da best
Did grandma survive!?
Kudos to your sweet grandma for repairing his toy!!
This is the cutest thing I’ve seen all day! Love to both of them.
So cute!
My grandparents use to have that same couch lol
Welp. This made my day.
you know that little asshole will rip it open again. "Little asshole" being a term of endearment
Grandmas are so wholesome..... Sometimes
We have the same couch!
Give this man a gold
Thank you Grandma!
Grandmas are so precious 😭✨
He looks a little like my cat, Kevin.
Is he gonna make it doc?!?!
Grandmas are always the best.
“It’s useless granny; his fate is sealed!”
My puppy has the same toy! :)))
it looks like there's a second cat hugging his back
In the first picture the cat looks ready to start demolishing the toy before grandma is done fixing it.
I have that exact same couch. Hers is in way better shape though.
She’s smooth under pressure
I can see my future...I’m your grandma
ooh my gosh. This Grandma is so Wholeshum. The cat meows Grandma i bet.
Beautiful!
Supurrvisor
This is so cute
Looks like my cat.
Is he gonna make it?? Just give it to me straight doc, is he gonna be fine?
Nice
Wholesomeness at it’s finest (idk if that’s even a word lol)
His great grandma
You mean his grandma
So cute, like a kid watching their stuffed toy in the washing machine.
Your cat looks exactly like my old cat Skeeter... Even has the same little spot near his nose. I miss that lil dude.
Nice
I have a cat they looks exactly like that wtf
I have the same couch.  Got it from Macy's like 4 years ago.
Love you abuelita ❤️
Cat: So what you are saying is i can destroy this thing and you will put it back together? Wish I knew sooner, see you soon.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uWb4G9Epiak
Literally the best thing on the internet
I taught myself to see so I could put my dogs’ toys back together. It doesn’t look great, but they don’t care.
So cute! He or she is like me when I'm watching over my dad as he fix whatever shit I've broken down
Aww sha!!😍 I love her
You're cat looks like a great supervisor
I love how he is observing her work. Making sure she is doing it correctly.
Wow you have a sofa with a cat bowl and water dish built right in.
He’s waiting so patiently only to shred it open again
Like an expectant father.
Under direct supervision, I see😂
Grandmas are wholesome this is another example
That’s so incredibly wholesome
Your grandmother looks like the kind of woman who, between sewing and other grandmothery things, hangs out at Dojos to kick the ass of their toughest fighters.
Cat: can't wait to fuck it up again.
Kitty: grandma, please save my favourite toy

Grandma: don’t worry kid, it will be ok

Kitty: love you so much
It's cute and sad, your cat probably wants another feline as company :(
This is so adorable
If I could upvote this more than once, I would
This made my day.
It's like Calvin watching Hobbes being operated on!
is look like she have she have a happy time whit the kiti-kiti GOD LOVE TO SEE US  HAPPY
I know crazy but I like to imagine if she were young like our age she’d do the same thing
Awwww man this is the Awww of the week for me
Well, now you're screwed...

The cat knows all the secrets.
I mend my dog’s toys when he destroys them too. He stares this intently the whole time I’m working on his toys.
Sweet grandma
That reminds me of me when my favorite stuffed animal would rip. It’s been sewn millions of times. I would do like that hovering like the cat.
Grandmothers are the fucking best.
Hell yes grandma to the rescue
You cat looks like the twin of my cat
I'm sorry for this off topic question on such an adorable post, but, what brand sofa/couch/chair is that? It seems to have very good quality that will last a long time. I'm in the process of furnishing my place, which is why I asked.
Hurry up grandma 👵🤣🤣🤣🤣
He's probably thinking *is she a god?*
I used to have that sectional. It was so comfortable.
I think your cat is lonely
This is good
Hes probably thinking "wtf are you doing I tore that up for a reason"
You are ded to me now’ -cat
Is he gonna make it, doc?
Years of academy training wasted
He’s waiting patiently, like “Thanks Grams”
This same happens to my neighbors, but with a plush named mr dill, and yes the plush is a pickle
Haha, I do this with my dog.
Sofa looks comfy.
I love your grandmas soul!
Oh ma lawd he soo fookin cute goddamn
"And I'll fuckin do it again."
A 6.5Mb JPG!!?

That opened like an AOL image back in 1998
That looks like my old clinic kitty
Not all heroes wear capes
Waiting his toy to repair again!
The cat is waiting patiently to rip it again 🤣
The concentration eyebrow raise is so cute
I had to do it once for my dog! It was really hard for her though, she couldn’t stop pacing her paws and her mouth was “leaking” the whole time, she did understand what I was doing though
Yeah , they moved in together
Imagine having to use a sewing machine works
Beautiful
Yep got it from Ashley. My cats sit on top of it though instead of the leg rest lol
She’s a treasure and should be protected at all costs.
Dogs have owners, cats have staff.
u/cxvrt1
By this act, gramma has claimed the whole of Haven for herself
Just gonna point out how fucking comfy that couch looks
He’s like “bitch I’ll do it again”
"what are you doing, old woman, I ripped it out for a reason!" - cat, probably.
Nice
Grammy got a sweet goatee on the right.
Tell her to get cracking on some masks
