Thats gorgeous how happy that pup is to get the dropped phone and lie their head on your mums knees for a treat
idk, looks like your dog trained your mother to drop her phone and give him a treat

edit - thank you for the silver kind stranger! also, whoops Maggie
r/dogswithjobs would love this
OP, I train service dogs!!

If you or you mom ever have questions feel free to PM me anytime!!

There are soo many awesome things dogs can be taught to help people that most people would never think about. 

PS - Hell, this goes for anyone. I just love talking about dogs and teaching!
So amazing. If you want to help teach some more useful things and don’t know how to go about doing it there is a forum for people who train service dogs or those who are training their own.  You don’t have to do everything just the basics to help your mom out.

There’s also a book called 101 dog tricks: step by step. It has some tricks just for fun but it can also help get some basics for training her to focus to do light switches, etc.  I’ve trained about 6 service dogs from puppyhood to the point of seeing if they could pass the required tests and with the program I worked through.  I actually kept one of the service dog failures for all 10 years of her life, until she passed away last June.
This is so pure OP
Awe. This melts my heart.
This really changed my day, thank you for this.
I like how all the other dogs are like "Eh he's got it"
Man she yeeted that phone. That's a woman who trusts her case.
I love how puppers waits patiently for treats!! Your mom has a sweet dog.
I think I have that same chair. :)
I love this! The dog is so sweet with her and you can tell how much they both love each other.
So cute. Your mom is like “fuck the phone” lol. I was worried it was going to break!!!
Some people just keep swimming, now don’t they? Your mom’s gentle and loving nature- and clear patience if she’s training dogs!- is so apparent. 

Made my day!
That’s awesome!
This is wonderful, thank you for sharing. God bless your mom!
What if she drops the bag of treats?
That's pretty cool
What happened to your mother? And your dogs are the best. I would love them until I died.
What a good pupper!
I love how she slams her paws on the phone.
I have been trying to get my mom to train her dog to help her with things. like when she's falling off the chair when trying to get up the dog can help stabilize her, or bring something to her if she drops it, or pull her wheelchair towards her when she calls for it. 

but all i get is "i don't know how to do that" and it drives me insane! i visit for a week and i have one of their pets trained to do some random thing. (i trained one of her cats to jump up and give kisses when you walk past her. my mom called me about 3 days after i left to yell at me. "it was cute at first but she does it every time!!" lol)

i'm hoping that showing her this video with offer some kind of encouragement.
Your mom is a good dog owner. Awesome dog too.
Heartmelting!!!
That is very sweet. But I think your mom would benefit from an actual fully trained service dog and she should look into it. She might even be able to enter this dog into the training program
Teaching mine to grab my keys right now.
Goddamn I love dogs so much.
This made my whole day. Cheers to your mom!! What a beautiful woman!
Oh gosh,  my heart! 

How wonderful!
This is great. I just hope the phone is relatively sturdy. :D
The trust & teaching so pure & awesome to see. Thanks OP for sharing.
What a good doggo! So helpful and so patient waiting for the treats. <3
This is awesome. Your mother looks like a happy person , despite the disability, and these doggies are great companions :)
He gets her.  That's awesome.
One of the few things that has made me tear up, glad they have eachother (and thanks for sharing)
Beautiful
Really cute how at the end she’s all “sit!” with no expectation of him actually sitting. Lol good boy
The absolute goodest boy.
oh boy this is so cute. The joy on your mom's face is just so adorable.
I love dogs. This dog is amazing! That is all
Awww, this is so sweet, it's giving me diabetes. The manufactures of that phone can be proud.
Her clumsy arm movement when she pets his nose for bringing it back, idk why, but it makes my heart swell and my eyes water up. How precious. She and that dog deserve each other. She deserves love as pure and unconditional as a dog's love.
That's awesome!  And I love that little pounce at the start, she's like "Oh f**k! Phone! I know what to do with this!"
I’m a neurologist and I Love stuff like this especially now :)
*Helper DOGGO used                                      
POUNCE & RETRIEVE!*
So patient and so helpful!

Your Mom has great friends!
This warms the heart during a dark time. This is great
gorgeous dropped good upon
This brought tears to my eyes. I love it.
Would your mom and that dog accept a huge hug from an internet stranger via you? And then can you ask one of them to hug you for me too?
I like how the other dog was like, da fuck?
What happens if she drops that bag of treats?
My mom is also disabled and recently just got a service dog who is trained to pick up her phone when she drops it. She used to drop her phone all the time while I was at work and I would constantly worry when she didn’t answer! Dogs are amazing!
What happens when you drop the treats?
Your mom’s a pretty lady :)
Good doggo!
Should post this to /r/specializedtools
Improvise Adapt Overcome
She was ready for the treats!!! Sweet doggo!!!
Love.
How beautiful and sweet...THANK yu for making me cry/ smile and all my love and caring for your momma! May she thrive...xoxo
I think the dog trained your mother to give him treats when he picks up her phone
This is the best thing I seen all year like no joke.
Your mothers an excellent person.
Amidst these difficult times, this picture is so heartwarming 👍
If that isn't the cutest shit I ever saw
That is a doggo+ -> super doggo. And props to your mom for training the dog to do this. Made me smile 10/10
That's too awesome! Gotta love dogs, they're amazing.
Confession time : I was never an animal lover before Reddit.
I’d like to bestow upon you the highest honour a dog can receive: u a good boi
Can confirm the reports, yes we do have a good boy.
Now THAT'S a good doggo.
Love how he pounces on it first, in case it tries to run away.
Can we get this pup some applause?! What a very, very good boi : )
Fuck yeah. This rules. Your mum rules. That dog rules. I love seeing all this awesome shit during iso. YES.
My dogs are useless
If I'm not being rude. Why is she disabled? I'm curious since I want to learn more
Some people don't deserve their animals. Your mom isn't one of those people.
Now that is what I call a good boiiii
Your mom is a legend
This just makes everything ok.  The world will be ok because things like this exist.
That’s great!
I love working dogs. Thanks for sharing!!!
Aww smart dog
Good dog
You could also post in r/dogswithjobs
Awww that’s so cute, I am melting.
I...needed this.  Thank you for sharing.
That's pure Love.
This made me smile, sucha sweet friendship.
Freaking great.
Good boy!
I love this <3
This is awesome.
Dogs are so damn smart!
Look at him/her waiting for a treat like such a good boy/girl ❤️
look how patient he is too!
good dog
Yay!!!!! That’s amazing
The bestest doggo
So cute...puppers like...don't worry, I got this....I know what to do.❤️🧡💛🤍💛🧡❤️
and to patiently wait for the treats. that is awwsome.
I love how Maggie(?) stayed there until she got her treat. What a good girl!
Awwwwww
r/animalsbeingbros
The goodest boy! That’s really sweet :))
How amazing and adorable!
Very good girl.
Good boy! Now hand over the treat! Do again!
Loves the way she excitedly jumps on top of the phone before picking it up
The other dogs like “so what...” and goes about it’s business.
"And now my treat"?!😀
This made me so happy! Good doggo!
 This is nice
amazing!
Go mom!!! Go pup!!
What a great dog, maybe teach the younger one to do that too.
AAWWWWWW
Truly man’s best friend.
It is a lovely video but just wont to say hope ur both doing ok in this horrible time xx keep safe and keep smiling xx ♥️♥️😘😘😘
r/MadeMeSmile is a good place to put it, too.
What a good girl! (Edited to reflect the gender of the dog, as I was an idiot and didn’t realize the video had sound at first!)
Now that’s a good boy
I had a cat named Maggie. Take care of Maggie.
My dog would grab it and run do I have to chase her.
That's REALLY cool!*
Awwwwwwwww
The goodest of bois
Awwwwww....puppers are such a amazing and wonderful addition to our lives :)
We’ve reached levels of wholesome that science previously thought were impossible.
Dogs are cool. Your mom is also cool. As someone who is training my first dog, I can appreciate a well executed trick on a whole new level.
Champion
The little pounce before she grabs it is so pure
ummm i just got a huge smile because of this. truly truly r/mademesmile content.
Durn good buddy.
I love how the other dog just looks at the phone and then the mom like "well shit you've dropped your phone.  Dunno what you're gonna do about that."  Big doggo to the rescue thankfully!
It's enough to make a grown man cry!
There’s a zoomie slide tax that comes with every drop
*that's pretty cool*
All
The best wishes to ALL of you. 🙏
How has no one mentioned that guy that sad “that’s pretty cool” the voice has such a familiar feeling to it I can’t explain it
What if she drops the bag of treats o.O
That's amazing! My dog knocks my phone out of my hands when he feels like he's not getting enough attention
Don’t mean to be rude and you don’t have to answer but how did she become disabled?
That's so nice ! Say hi to your mom from a fellow internet stranger and pet the good boi too !
I love how she kind of pounced on it, haha.
Aww so cute! What a good dog. I like how he rests his chin him her lap waiting for his great. All my best to you guys and the pets :)
whoever said “that’s pretty cool”, i like your voice
This made my entire quarantine
That's a good boi. Mother looks so happy giving him treat.
Hey you dropped your phone I will do anything for pat pats!
Dogs are the friggin best.
WE HAVE THE SAME PHHFFFFOOOONNNE CAES!!! IM HONORED :D
Just awesome!
Not the video we wanted,  but the video we needed.
Wholesome AF.
so cute and smart of them
:  )

your mom is cute

so is the dog but your mom is brilliant!
Bro, who started cutting onions up in here?
Dogs are awesome
What a good doggo!
Now she just needs to train the dog to steal other people’s phones and she’s in business!
Patiently waiting for snacc
Love shit like this
actually it was the voice at the end that surprised me. I got goosebumps
Aw God bless Reddit culture. I read the comments every where I go and nothin beats Reddit. Sniffle.
❤️😢
Love the way the yellowed just ignored the dropped phone like "Aight it ain't a job for my short ass" and walked away.
Omg he's so pumped, too 😄🤗🤗
I don't know if it's just a symptom of being stir crazy from being isolated, but I want to hug the dog, and your mom, and you. Thank you for this.
That's amazing thank you for sharing
Awesome pupper!
Well, this made my day.
Good boi!!!
My mom would LOVE her Shih Tzu to do that but its mouth too small for that

But it does know ask to get picked up on her thighs, she always wanna sit&sleep there although it's not that comfy and most of the time her back-legs are in-air.

it is truly beautiful to see how they're being connected together.

Thank you for sharing this moment!

[https://imgur.com/RMernC2](https://imgur.com/RMernC2)
anyone else laugh at how hard mom purposely shoved that phone off haha durable case
I love your mother's smile. It's so genuine.
That must be an awesome phone cover to handle scratches and some bites and drops.
That's not a good girl 
That's the best girl
I wonder what the dog is trained to do if she drops the entire bag of treats?
Aw my dog does this
This is soooooo sweet. ❤️❤️❤️
Almost made me cry😅and people said dogs are evil...Dogs are the most beautiful thing on this earth.
Heartwarming
OMG Yassss! <3 what a cute pupper!
Dogs are adorable creatures & like horses, remain closest to humans...thank u for reminding us!
This is beautiful.
I don’t want to clog up the comments, but I’m a therapist and I do a lot of wheelchair seating and positioning. Please feel free to PM me, that wheelchair needs some work. 

Also, yay puppies. This made my evening.
My dog does the same with tennis balls.

That two paw’d pounce
Anything for the treaties! Doggos are the best!  This was cute ❤
Schnoodle cutting onions
Truly man's best friend, God bless you, your mom and her sweet doggies
Fuckin awesome!
I have a disability and was in a wheelchair for 6 months. This warmed my heart so much.
We don't deserve dogs.
This is soooo /r/aww, that the sound of myself awwing can be heard from the International Space Station.
That dogs better at picking a phone up off the floor than I am and I have hands. I just scrabble around trying to lift one edge up or get a finger underneath, that dog just goes straight in! Love it!
r/animalsbeingbros
Them is some good boiz
Such a good boy
You have a pretty Mama Ironloins. My Mom sadly passed away in 2009. How I miss her.
The bestest of puppers.
I love this
Mans best friend. Now where’s my treat?
We don't deserve dogs 🥺
you have a great mom and a dog
I feel bad for the phone
This is enough to make a grown man cry, and that’s ok.
Boop, Good Boy. :)
“sit”
I hope she's got a heavy duty phone cover on that!
"Hey c'mon lady I'm doin this outta the kindness of my heart, cough up da treats"
I've said it before and I'll say it again. This sub keeps me sane. That was lovely. 🥰😘
I don't know why, but it really touched me today.  

My dog usually just goes to sleep in the morning after his morning walk and food, but today he was just following me around wanting pets and munch on my hand, and I had a really hard time going to work and leave him home alone until I come back.  

 Dogs are the best.
😭 so sweet!
The other dog is thinking ma’m you dropped your phone
r/warmedmyheart
This makes me smile so much. Thanks for sharing!
If I could I’d upvote this a million times! 🥺🥺🥺
Our furry friends are so helpful and kind, love seeing stuff like this. Pups to the rescue
Reminds me of my mom who sadly passed back in 2011 at 47y. Thank you for the fond memories 😊.

Not sure what you are all going through, but always remember to spent as much time with your mom as possible.
The dog are also seems like a sweetheart and a very good pupper
Just a vvvv goode girle want to be the goodest she can be!
This is so cute I cried inside a bit
Not for free, there's a fee involved
But did she train the phone not to break when she drops it?
GOOD DOGGO!
G need  t  'lo,iv. ,',fo'c v vl ,
This could save her life in an emergency situation.
We don't deserve phones.
god bless your mom
I can’t even get mine to sit down 🙄
That is genuinely heart warming ❤️
Big brain
You mean she bribes her dog to do it!
This is great to see with all the crap people are worried about atm it’s nice to see just a nice good hearted post
I have seen enough! I'm satisfied
WHAT PHONE SURVIVES THAT DROP???
This only works until she drops the treats instead though.

Then she has to give him the phone to get the treats back.
Nice
We don’t deserve dogs.
That floor slide second before it grabs the phone
He is just so patient waiting for his treats!
Pets are more than what we think they are. They even save people from sorrow and miseries. I wish everyone sees them as I do.
Just saw this on r/beamazed posted by you you’ll see this same comment on r/beamazed
"Hey, I ain't doing this for free, lady!"
We just don't deserve dogs :)
Wow that's good 👍
The screen would get so scratched...
Now you just gotta show the doggo not to stomp on the phone
so sweet. ❤️
Can we post any of the people
Did she train them to pick up the treats when she drops them as well?
very good boi! Despite her disability, your mother looks like a fighter and shines! I know a "hope she feels better soon" might not be the case, so I just want to say that I hope that she can keep up being so happy and awesome like right now for a looong time! Please feel hugged! <3
She wants the nom-noms.

And a good g i r l l e gets the nom noms
Wot a good boy! He cares for the disabled ones.😁😁😀
Best post if this subreddit by far
Naughty dog myself costume
r/nextfuckinglevel
Awww that’s great that dog is so happy
Thanks 🐾❤️
That's was the energy boost I needed today.
It's beautiful
think pup
This video made my day.
Good dog ♥️
Why do so many reddit users feel the need to state “people said I should post here” in their title? Just post the damn thing, it’s a great video. Why add that unnecessary BS “disclaimer”
We don't deserve dogs
Naww too cute!🧡🐕
I hope your mum is smiling when she hears how more than 70,000 strangers on the internet liked that
Brilliant. Well done mom. Also, nice dogs! :D
I Love this! Currently have a Doberman that I am training to help my dad who has MS. He lies his head on my dads lap JUST like this cutie pie!
Also r/dogswithjobs
Stop karma bitching
Give him pup treats
Good grill
Good doggo
thats so cool and he is such a good boy!
Oh no! Hooman needs the thing! And I can do the thing! Yay!
r/AnimalsBeingBros
What a beautiful, patient and helpful pup
woow, thats super cute!!
Just something I wanna point out, which is something I see so often on Reddit when people are training dogs:

- "Good girl, sit!"
- *dog doesn't sit*
- *Good girl" *gives dog a treat anyway*

This is something that you want to try and avoid with dogs. If you're treat training them, you should only be giving them treats after they have done what you've asked them.

That being said, I'm sure your mum knows this because training her dog to pick up her phone and give it to her whilst being in a wheelchair is very impressive! Just something I thought I'd point out to other redditors, because I've seen it so much as of late.
"Sit"
r/dogswithjobs
Your mom's feet look kind of swollen. Does she elevate her legs throughout the day to help with fluid build-up?
That's wholesome!bless you ,your mother and your adorable woofers
It's 1:33 am I didn't expect to cry so early
You're right. That is pretty cool!
Your mother is a fighter!!!!!! 
The fact that she train her dog to so something she's not able to do is a sign of strength!!
And I am like proud I taught my dog how to high-five
r/animalsbeingbros
My service dog is trained to do this, it is so incredibly helpful!
Great job puppy !xx
You know. I feel I should learn to be more grateful for everything I have. I have to stop feeling Iike a victim (even though I might be) an learn to look on the brighter things of life. Maybe I’ll see more sunshine like this
*Bottoms up when I comment, but forgot!
Can I ask how she started?
i identify with the dog in the back who has no bother about what's going on or what to do about it
Awwwww ❤ is there a way for me to train my cat to do that? I think my cat has already trained me to do it instead
Wonderful 🥰
Doggo go brrr
I was beyond thrilled.
Best wishes to your mum also.
"I GOT IT!!"
Proof relationships are transactional lol
This is unbelievably wholesome. I love it. God bless your mother and her dog.
I dont know what to write but this i s so wholesome
Good dog. :)
Dogs rule!
Literally let out an audible AWWW. So freaking cute. Thanks for posting! :D
One of the many reasons why dogs are great.
My mom's dog is trained to do that too!! God dogs are so good. Much love to you, your mother and the puppers 🖤
I need that but the dog walk away with it and give it back when I’ve finished my homework
We don’t deserve doggos
Glad you shared it!
Start my day off right. Thanks for sharing!
Super MOM
That makes my heart melt ❤️
Good doggo
GOOD DOG 🐶
Yooo I just lazy and clumssy I need dog for pickup perhaps payment
ALS? Only guessing because our family friend was exactly like that and had a Golden exactly like that (she didn't have a phone but Bella did everything for her, and they never worried leaving her alone because that was the scariest dog ever if you fucked with her mom).

Also medical sidenote, my grandpa just got that same wheelchair from the VA, it's so cool, I was setting it up and teaching him about it and leaned it back and just slept in it all afternoon.  Greatest feature ever.
Wow your mother is a great trainer
I hope he will be equally polite if she drops the treats, but something tells me he will not.
but not anything else.  a fork, water bottle, TV remote perhaps?
Why would you wip an expensive phone on the floor like that to show your dog can pick it up? Gonna break that phone! Ahhhh I csnt watch it lol
This is so awesome!   
If it was my dog she would think we were playing a game of keep away
Why don’t you just pick it up silly
Once a good boy, always a good boy.
A smart dog and very good
sometimes I love the Reddit community
What happened to your mom?
Aww that's really amazing and cute
r/animalswithjobs
What a good dog! Proud owner
With how shit the world can be sometime, things like this reminds me that everyone deserves happiness.
How many phones did you go through?
I really love how the dog patiently waits for ze treat. Sss’cute!!
Gorilla Glass FTW!
Need to teach my dog that so i dont fall off the bed
One more reason to drop your phone
That's so amazing, Thanks for sharing it with us.
vegetable 🤢lol she looks sweet 🤗
Dogs > cats
We don't deserve dogs. :(
If she doesn't have treats she's screwed I'd bet
What kind of pup? Looks like my Plott Hound, who happens to be very sweet to my sister who has special needs.
That pounce like the phone was going to get away haha, lovely dog.
I love that dogs attitude, jumping on the phone like, "oh no you don't! Tryna to get away from her again, here I put you back"
awww so adorable
My ❤️....
Fuck that's a clever solution on your mothers part. Good on her, and good on the dog too.
Your mom is so badass!! Training her puppy must have been so nice for both of them
Nd also, both pups are adorable ♡
What would  happen if she drop s the dogs treats?
Why’d she do it on purpose?
I like how the dog jumped on the phone ,like the phone was going somewhere.
I want a dog to remind me what unconditional love is. This is beautiful!
The little dog is like "Hey. You dropped your phone" Rottie is like "Heeeeere I come to save the daaaaaay!"
Very cool doggy
aaaww that's so cute!
Good
That's awesome
I literally wish I sweat treats, this dog deserves all of them
maybe you should attach a phone holder on your mom's chair, or just tie the case to the armrest... smartphones can't survive that many drops...
Could probably also just tether the phone to the chair via a lanyard. A lot of phone cases have loops for lanyards or string.
Ok, send your mom to my house next. My wife swore she'd have this dog trained... 7 years later and he barely sits on command!
I love how patient the dog is waiting for the treat, understanding it takes her a bit longer to get to it.
I’m not crying, you’re crying...
Very cool...
Dogs 1 / Cats 0
[deleted]
Good doggo
This needs a scnoodle so bad.
You guys ever think about how woman with dwarfism give birth? Must be PAINFUL.
This is why dogs are better than people
Dog: never mind the treat, I'm taking the phone!!
... runs away
This warms my heart so much its borderline embarrassing
The other dog doesn’t care as it knows it’s the training of bending down
But when she drops the treat bag she gotta feed the dog her phone to get it back
 So patient waiting for her treat!
What kind of dog is she? Looks just like my roommates which is a German Shepard/Rottweiler mix
❤️🧡💛💚💙🖤💜
I love how she just shoves the phone to the ground. Like, "check out what my dog does when i smash my phone into the ground!"
Ooo Loveliness & Humor! Your mom is a perfectly able smartypants. Not only did she teach the pooch a new trick, she also made herself more free + independent...  Otherwise, guess who would have to go pick it up, yet again?...lol  ;)
r/rarepuppers would like a word with you!
That’s cool what she’s done but seeing and hearing her drop her phone on purpose made me cringe.
If I've said it once, I've said it 1,000 times, WE DO NOT DESERVE DOGS!!
Can you just call her mother? Or do you see her as purely disabled now?
Dogs are best than humans 😀
Thats lazy woman
[deleted]
I wonder how many times she gets challenged that the doggo is not a service animal.
[removed]
This is the content we deserve. r/politics should just be quarantined right now. It's only pushing social disorder anyways. They want us too fight when we really just want our disabled mums to fucking be able to reach their phones
Ehh just wait until the dog bites the screen with force...
[deleted]
Got hfcb
plot twist - mother ran out of treats and dropped her phone....dog went bonkers and lost it looking for treats.....labs are food obsessed...make sure to always have treats that dog will do anything.
Fucking autis
Dogs ONLY do things because they want rewards, they arent smart and they dont really care.
