I’m consistently amazed by how many different types of beautiful birds there are in existence that I’ve never even heard of.
Strawberry Finches Forever
If I can find a picture of grape jellyfish I'll have a decent start on lunch.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

You know what, I'm not deleting this. It's a stupid dad joke but I don't care. I'm proud of it.
I'm no expert but i think that's a bird not a strawberry.
Stained with the blood of his enemies.
Lovely lovely lovely !    Where is this ?
no, that's actually just a raspberry dipped vanilla finch
Looks very close to an avadavat. Are they two different names for the same bird ?
That is serious r/forbiddensnacks material.
This bird looks metal as fuck
The first thing I saw was a Maryland flag
StrawBirby
very very very veeeery beautiful
Looks like a special edition coloured vinyl record.
Looks like it just finished painting its house.
The color pattern variation is mesmerizing!
I've never seen a bird like this before! 

Thanks for sharing!
So beautiful. Going to share with my grandma in Australia who loves birds and birdwatching.
FYI they don't taste like strawberries. Unless you dip them in a sauce, then they do a little but there's still quite an over powering bird flavour to contend with.
Ill take two scoops of finch and some sprinkles please.
Looks like Pokemon
Nature at its best.
Ah I see it's got the Crucible shader on
It looks like the Maryland flag!
Red shirt with leopard print pants? I don’t think so.
I wonder how much plastic is in its body
But why's it called a strawberry finch?
You are what you eat I guess.
Bbbbb
raspberry dipped finch
I’ve been on here less than four months and this is like the fifth repost of this picture.
Where are these located?
Wasn't this posted like 3 days ago
I WANT ONE!
Strawberry finch forever
Scout Finch?
Looks kinda angry bird
The real question is, does it taste... like strawberry?
where and when can i find them?
Do they really taste like strawberries?
Strawberry finch forever.
Except if you at the feet. Damn birds have the ugliest legs in the animal kingdom.
Good lord! Never have seen such a bird!!
omg so beautiful!!
WHY DID TECHNO AND WILBUR REPOST THIS LOL
This does not change my opinions on birds. . . The red in his eyes stares deep into my soul
[Beautiful Lime Finch](https://i.imgur.com/TYiiDP4.jpg)
Red rum
It's eyes are red like a demon's
Until you know it killed something or someone
Wow!
Beautiful
That’s amazing!!  Are you the photographer?  My husband likes to make photos of birds on his walks and has been missing that a lot, since most state and local parks are closed.
Damn guy looks like a pokemon
Gorgeous
Wasted opportunity. 

“Fire Finch”
genuinely curious where does this bird live   


having a red colour is a missive liability in almost all places   


maybe its seasonal ... it turns red in autumn ?
Is that a fruit? Can I eat it? （＾ν＾）
Rasberry dipped Finch
Beautiful Work of Nature. Could be a mutated Cardinal?
Where are you located?    I would love to see a bird like this one day or try to encourage some to live around my home even.
Looks more like a Rasberry Finch
This is just plain majestic
Does he taste like strawberries?
SCREEEE MAJESTIC SCREEE THE ALL FATHER SURE MADE US BEAUTIFUL CAWW CAWWW!
Paging Bob Ross! We found your happy little bird!
Does it taste like strawberries? Can I make a strawberry milkshake with it? Now I want a milkshake . . .
damn, I usually dont give a shit about birds, but that is an amazingly and aesthetically pleasing looking bird
he do be lookin fresh doe
MUM!!! WHY IS MY STRAWBERRY CHRUNCHY!?!?!??!?!
*Edwin Rist has entered the chat*
They should make an online quiz that shows you pictures of exotic birds and asks "Real or photoshop?"
I would legitimately expect this to be some robin that was mutated by a zombie virus and exclusively eats human eyes.
It looks good enough to eat!
Ah yes, the red avadavat. These are usually found in the more tropical areas of Asia. I have some friends that actually kept them in a cage (not sure how I felt about that). It’s the males that have the bright colors during breading season.
Are you sure that's strawberry jam. Doesn't look like it to me
Reminds me of a Maryland flag
I'm pretty sure my cat killed one of these this spring.   I almost cried it was so beautiful.
That doesn’t look like anything to me.
I heard it could throw a shoe over a pub. 

Science. Science and nature.
But is it strawberry flavored?
Read that as beautiful strawberry fish and was very confused
Nature creates most beautiful colors combination!
This bird bathes in the blood of his enemies... BLOOD FOR THE BLOOD GOD!!!
.....can I eat it?....
if these live in MD, I'd be fighting to make it the new state bird
r/birdwatching would love this too!
Lol my first thought is to wonder if this is photoshopped but it is very pretty
Do you have a high rez pic would make nicewalloaper
I’ve never heard of these before! It’s sooo cute! ❤️
"Archimedes, no! It's filthy in there!"
im truly amazed at the beauty of this bird. such an interesting specie i must say.
Nature is so Awesome!
I didn't know these existed 😍
He's about lost his balls
I have never seen anything like that
I love the white dots.  Reminds me of a young deer.  I think it would make a perfect design for a squishable.
Oooo, I know what I’m drawing later
It looks like it pecked it’s way into somebody’s skull to get a gooey red snack, then pulled out again and didn’t bother washing away the evidence.
Finches are some of the coolest looking birds. 

We get some gold finches and house finches in the backyard. Beautiful. But this guy here looks really special. 

Thanks for sharing.
My grandmother LOVED watching the birds and thought it was cute, but it wasn't included much.  A few years ago, someone gave me a bird feeder for a hidden santa exchange, and so I was done and I hung in the spring.  While working from home, I moved it out of the window of my work area so I can open and close all day long.  I looked at a group of birds online that I didn't know were in this area.  It's pretty cool.  This morning, I had two cardinals (a man and a woman), four grackles, a mourning dove and also a squirrel.  And I become my grandmother.
Now the question is, does it taste like a strawberry?
I love this red colour
It looks delishos (I would not eat it thow)
Let me take you down cause I'm going to...
I've seen a lot of finches but never one like this.

Thanks
Wow I have never seen one of those before
I am also curious if this is a male or female AND if both genders are this vibrant. Awesome picture.
This picture makes me crave the raspberry dipped vanilla ice cream cone even more.
Beautiful is an understatement. Where are those known to be found?
Wonder what it tastes like
Caution, do NOT dip in chocolate.
Amazing, beautiful, magical .... such a perfect name for this wonderful creature.
A horse will think it's a strawberry and eat it
I feel like a goddamn geriatric for liking birds so much.
Do you know how to hide an elephant in a cherry tree? Put red shoes on it
It looks like this bird flew at super Speed and went through someone's body being drenched in blood
I know bird watching and clicking them is a tough job. Lovely pic bro
[removed]
I love birds too and I get so much peace and enjoyment watching them. We recently put a hummingbird feeder and a regular feeder right outside our living room window. It’s pretty cool to be sitting on the sofa and watch a hummingbird light on the feeder and then zoom off.
It looks like that finch flew into a strawberry bush and didn't take a bath afterwards.
They should make this an animal crossing villager! It would be best friends with meringue (frosting and strawberry rhino)
Really? This post again? How many times is this strawberry finch gonna be reposted?
Almost became a cardinal but alas!
They used to try to beat up my cats. They’re like mockingbirds.
I didn’t know this bird existed
[removed]
This is actually a mutation of a strawberry finch, and before you start looking for them here, their range is southern Nepal and Pakistan through much of Southeast Asia to Indonesia.
All we need now is some peanutbutter finch and bread finch
There's no way this doesn't make a sticky mess lol, no ty.


Edit:wrong post, fuck it.
I recently discovered my love for birds. They are so intelligent & unique. I moved to a very bird heavy area and it's been a joy. Especially during the quarantine.
wow even the eyes are red
garnished with sesame seeds and ketchup
Serial killer eyes haha
 The red avadavat, red munia or strawberry finch, is a sparrow-sized bird of the family Estrildidae. It is found in the open fields and grasslands of tropical Asia and is popular as a cage bird due to the colourful plumage of the males in their breeding season.
Beautiful indeed! Thank you for sharing!
Does no one see the skull face pattern on this bird, or am I just being morbid?
You are in tropical Asia?
🎶 strawberry wine....

tweet tweet tweeeeet tweet  🎶
If anyone is curious they don’t actually taste like strawberries.
Strawberry Cheesecake* Finch
STRAWBERRY PEELS STRAWBERRY PEELS STRAWBERRY PEELS STRAWBERRY PEELS
Smh it’s just a fletchling
Does it taste like strawberry tho
I can listen he's PRRR
Are all these new birds being released into the wild while we are in quarantine? Government was able to track the bodies and replace the batteries finally?
This is one of the prettiest birds I have ever seen.
Beautiful. I have no idea
nah thats blood, the thing just went through someones chest.
I dunno, looks more like Cherry Garcia if you ask me.
If i get revived into an animal, i definitivly want to be a Bird who looks like ist just penetrated a Way bigger animal with its head
watch out for that thorn, birb
Completely photoshopped! Ha ha 😂
Evil red eyed, strawberry colored sparrow...
This is just a regular finch with a Chaos skin
Can we get some specs on the camera/lens?
Bird relaxing after the slaughter of a thousand children
Wow! I've never heard of or seen this bird before.
Oh ma god
God, you are amazing! No artist that ever lived can top YOU!
I used to have a zebra finch named Jorje. He was so cute, and would happily chirp away while hopping between the branches in his cage, and would let me hand-feed him millet. It's unfortunate that they only live about 2 years, but I loved that little guy while he was with me. This bird is beautiful, and makes me miss Jorje.
##Crunch
Very pretty ty
Lets make strawberry milkshake
Is that u kotori?
damn dude where do these guys live.
I dont remember this bird being in Wingspan.
Forbidden snacc
This doesn’t taste anything like strawberry
Who needs fiction when you have stuff like this?
Stunning and beautiful.
Woah that's awesome
Awww sweet.
If i had a Familiar, this would be it's form now.
Stunning!
Forbidden strawberry
Breathtakingly Beautiful
These creatures are stunning
Oh my goodness
His eyes make him look angry.
I’m in love! I love all this strawberry, and this little finch is the cutest thing. ❤️🍓
That is a beautiful bird!
My bröther
The bird looks like the inspiration for a trash polka tattoo!
Wow
Oh my God! What a pretty birdie
That’s gorgeous!!!!
Beautiful!
Nah it's 100% just slaughtered its family
This bird is lovingly arty. Thx
Strawberry herpies bird
GASP!
O HECK YEA
But does it taste like strawberries?! Asking for a friend.
Am I able to have one as a pet?
Gorgeous!
Nice!
So Cool!!
Where are its arms??
Chomp
This dude is getting laid!
i love this bird
I want to eat its beak it looks like candy
[Finches seem to have lovely songs.](https://youtu.be/daqpln-yiK0) The American Cardinal also [sounds great](https://youtu.be/3dLaeG6WCj0) so I don't mind them as many state birds.
Where was this taken?
One for /r/divorcedbirds
Gorgeous
Fire/fairy type.
That's definitely a Murderfinch
r/interestingasfuck
I never really got the whole birding thing - but this gets me a little closer to understanding.
Damn that bird looks like he bathed in the blood of his enemies.
Wow.  And yes very strawberry.
Gorgeous little creature!
Such a photogenic bird!
How do you know what flavor it is?
Strawberry Finch Forever
r/birdwatch
i want one
That bird has tasted blood and lusts for more
Looks sweet.
A bit crunchy
“My enemies? Dead. *And you’re next.*”
oh myyy godddd this is the prettiest bird i’ve ever seen
Little dude looks like he just won a fight, what a metal little fella
Beautiful photo - I would like to do a painting from this image. Would you mind? - Thanks
Raspberry dipped bird
Gorgeous animal!!!
Forbidden snacks?
What does it taste like.... jk..... unless?
absolutely gorgeous! Great capture!
I really like that red beek
My brother said "strawberry? It tastes like strawberries???? *Picks up bird*"
More like 'Finch covered in the blood of its enemies."
i like it
Hmm, the corona is really getting into me. For some reason I felt like a strawberry was crunchy. 
This strawberry is the same shape as the one I ate
Beautiful photo and perfect focus, I’m honestly jealous
That is amazing! I'd never heard of this!
Cool cool and all but but does it taste like strawberry
Gorgeous! 😍
I love the color of its feather!
Does it taste like strawberry?
But how do they know how it taste?
When scrolling past I had to stop by here for a moment because I somehow read "strawberry fish".
Feed is looking good today <3
Cute
Thanks not a strawberry...
Where do they have these?
Don't let the horse see it.
Ouch! A thorn
Love everything Finch. Strawbeery was almost too beautiful to be real.
Amazing! We have house finches and goldfinches, but nothing like that here in MN.
wow this is gorgeous!
Technoblade was here.
That is just amazing, what a beautiful bird.
I just started drawing birds, this is definitely my next one to try
Gorgeous birb.
Wait a second I’ve seen this photo.......r/Technoblade lmao this is where he got it
Looks like the Maryland flag
Oh wow, that is one of the most amazing birds I've ever seen, where is this?
r/forbiddensnacks
it's so cute!!! <3
Birds are so cool
Absolutely beautiful
Awesome
~~Ola~~
Wow that bird is beautiful
Breathtaking!
r/forbiddensnacks
r/forbiddensnacks
r/forbiddensnacks?
Where do you see these? I’ve never heard of them. I’m in Texas and all our birds are brown and ugly.
r/birdsarentreal
Yesterday in New York, it was real windy. I was walking in Central Park and I saw one of these birds pulling a worm out of the ground and got whiplashed - never seen anything like it..
Gorgeous!!!!
I love these guys!
Magnificent!
It has beatiful colour.
i wanna eat it
Strawberry double dutch ice cream
imagine me, your very own Osiris. building my thousandth sand castle pyramid. yes, me, your very own Israel in the flesh. damn you muslim-christian-jews I swear if it weren’t for you Israel would not be making Africa great again while paying for it using the American dollars it stole from the unHoly Roman Empire yes the very Fatherland of the gold of Mother Earth herself; I wonder at the genius of these Chinese and Russian Zhous and Slavs, who a thousand and trillions suns ago drew a map saying me, your very own Krishna, would be here again in the same jungle, yes me, your very own toad talking gorilla to our holy eagle itself as if snakes were nothing
 r/divorcedbirds
strawberry dipped vanilla finch
Strawberry dipped vanilla ice cream finch
Wow. Delightful!
So beautiful
Strawberry finch forever
Wonderful
Genuine awww
r/forbiddensnacks
That is a cool bird
Boogye
Birberry
[Archimedes?!](https://wiki.teamfortress.com/w/images/thumb/4/43/Archimedes.png/250px-Archimedes.png)
This is an amazing picture.
Cool drone
That's cool looking
Strawbirb
That is a cute bird.
Strawbirdy!
Gorgeous
Wow!!!
Tastes weird though
Dice dice baby
Dinosaurs are amazing.
10/10 would eat
Sweet n savory 🤤🤤🤤
That pattern is crazy!
Wow
Nice!!
This bird is covered in the blood of its enemies
Strawberry Finch forevuh... 





I buried Paul
That’s so beautiful
Looks like ketchup
so cute
😍
THIS IS THE TRUE FORM OF THE AWESOMENESS
Wow ! How Beautiful ! I've never seen one before ! 😍
Reposti
HOW MANY CREATURES HAS IT EATEN
beautiful
9/10, would eat
who's a pretty bird?
Oh my gooodness!
BEAUTIFUL
Wow
Mmmmmmm
Birb
beautiful indeed
Strawbird
Wow😍
wow
Rep
Aptly named!
r/cool
Gorgeous
Subhanallah!
Great photo!
Never seen one before!
A very fitting name.

So cute!
r/forbiddensnacks
That is beautiful!
So beautiful
r/forbiddensnacks
he's gorgeous!
I wonder how this one tastes like 😋😋😋
beautiful
Strawberry Finch forever.
He do be lookin like a strawberry tho
r/forbiddensnacks
That looks like my sister stuck a white bird inside her while she was on her period.
Is this r/aww though
can i eat it
Do they smell like strawberries?
Strawberry Finch forever!
Nice photoshop
