I like your Ewok.
would anyone happen to know the breed or OP's address?
Former navy seal here: keeping your tongue out really does increase your stealth when approaching a target.
I really hope you named him Wicket.
Agent Double-O Floof
That ear wiggle...that damn ear wiggle.
*mission impossible theme plays*
Oh lawd he comin
Well fuck me, this just may be the cutest thing I’ve ever seen.
Can someone photoshop a rifle under his arm and a little helmet on his head? Would be the cutest sniper in history.
He just rolled a nat 20 on that one
/r/bossfight
John wick's new dog John woof
Millions of years of evolution, all preparing for this.
/r/PerfectlyCutScreams
Stay under the radar
Is your dog called Umma?
WoW Classic combat rogue
Total cuteness overload!
Plop plop plop plop plop
Where do I sign up for the Sneak Attack?
u/vredditdownloader
he definitely knows how cute he is :-)
“Snake! You can crawl using the circle button!”
Surprise wet face
Lil cutie
awww What a stealthy lil thing.
Love how he crawls then stand up at the end. Smart dog, too cute.
Well that's just fuckin cute
It's Blake Webber
It’s a stealth/cuteness combo attack!
[deleted]
Can't stop watching
He is probably just scratching his thingy on the carpet but it looks funny so sneak attack it is.
No the master of Sneak Snuggles
 Aww this made my day
Was it really trying to sneak up on him??
Too funny!
Bro what strain you smokin?
Solid technique
OMG it’s a wind up toy!
Are you, by chance, Sylvester Stallone
Wow I thought it was a dog toy lol.
He sneacc. He attacc
He looks like a tiny Ewok 😆
Ait imma head out. This is too much cuteness
I see this Ewok and all I hear in my head is 🎵ain’t nobody gonna break my stride, ain’t nobody gonna slow me down🎵
Nice use of high crawl!
Enough the the toughest Drill Sergeant would have to smile at that belly crawl.  Didn’t even come close to the imaginary razor wire.
What type of dog is this?
Its a cute attack!
I was sure it was a wind up toy at first
Guy filming looks like a total bro.
r/blep
Wow! Super cute pup, I want one 😀
THIS IS MY DOG AND MY VIDEO!🤩 follow @lilharley ON INSTAGRAM FOR MORE PICS OF HER!
I also had this robot dog when I wad a kid.
“am sneakiest pupper! watch as i sneak up on hat guy and give sneaky affection! 🕵️🐶❤️“
That's not a real dog.
x6 damage!
mechanic
r/SneakyAnimals
/u/vredditshare
I saw this gif, then I scrolled down, and saw the exact same gif on r/tippytaps right below this one.
Insane in the membrane...
Doman: Silent Assassin
*Sneak 100*
What kind of dog is this?
Nice
Stelth.
Duh dude, Ewoks are tiny ninja bears
u/stabbot
The little tounge hanging out makes it perfect.  Hope he's just a derp and his teeth are on okay
These are the real gods among us.
Oh no, oh no! He got me!!!
So cute
Hrrgnh colonel im trying to sneak around but im dummy thicc and the clap from my ass cheeks keeps alerting the guards.
Master of the Derp Attack
Just remember, that thing descended from wolves
Who the spy’s aren’t that good at sneaking the spy’s:
little cutie
why, why is this so adorable and funny? That dog is taking itself seriously but why can't I?
He’s trying his best!
:)
Here he comes!
u/VredditDownloader
And I'm sitting here like a dunce wondering who's filming.
When Ewoks attack.
Nice
/r/PeopleFuckingDying
Ah, I see scooty-floof mode has improved. Must have just popped in a fresh pair of batteries.
The dog looks like he’s about to go “Hello There.”
What was that noise?
i actually literally said "awwww" at the end and i honestly never do that.
Lil caterpillar boi <3
Can someone put the mission impossible theme over this?
what even is that creature? lol is it a bear? a small ewok?
He’s charging up the volts to give him a shock.
So cute. Precious furbaby. I want to smooch that face.
r/IllegallySmolDogs
The tongue out lol
This is too much honestly I cant handle this much cute
Mexican krusty the klown
No way that is a real pup! Too cute
u/vredditdownloader
Thought this muthafucka was wearing a bowler hat.
Robo pup
Oh my goodness, that was too cute. ❤️
Oh that’s a dastardly r/blop.
Such an adorable pup!
What the hell he looks like a walking toy
How cute!
Absolutely adorable ❤
Blep, blep, blep, blep, blep...
Mini Chewbacca
His little tongue sticking out too 😭💕🥰
Is this the same dude who tried to lick his cat?
True winner
Uhm... why did you end the gif the instant anything happened? There's one frame of the dog getting up.

Idiot.
**Sneak 100**
If there wasnt only baby yoda but also baby Chewi.
Elite CrossFit! 
He looks like my Gizmo ❤️
looks like a wind up toy
For the first half I could have sworn he was one of those toy walking pets. The movement just seems so mechanical.
aww, he's sneaking up to my heart!
Sneak 100
I don’t even like small dogs but that was hella cute
Looks like Adam Sandler
Awww your dog is adorable ❤️
So cute.
mhvhgvfgrdcvcvdscdsvchsgcvsfehf ITS SO CUTE
Sneak 100
 
Floof 100

cuteness 100
“Oh yeah he’s fucked. Okay here I go, almost there, ha he has no idea, here it goes...HI DAD!” 😭❤️
Well that’s just insanely adorable 🖤
I wanna know if he/she does this all time ?! Either way.. adorable
That tongue sticking out though!
Ok, so what terrible, depressing, debilitating disease does this one have, Reddit?
Jesus Christ, it's Jason Bourne!
What kind of dog is this?
Omg I want that puppy!!! So freaking cute!
They made Ewoks a real thing...
Good to see that Kaepernick is keeping busy.
Cute❤️❤️
r/splootscootin
Stealthy boi
You can tell its a trained killer. How many lives have been ended behind those cold lifeless eyes?
It’s cute.
The guy looks like he would annoy the shit out of you with maximum positivity and kindness.
[deleted]
Is that little nugget real?  It's so cute!
Ah, Umma would be proud
Damn, I miss my Yorkie and his cuddles. 😞
Sure there absorbable but they never know what they r doing
OP what is that breed?
SNEAK 100
Haha dog looks like he's concentrating so hard that his tongue sticks out
[I like a good boys! ](https://youtu.be/NcRWrTB510s)
Again, second video today, second comment and this sounds weird asking for a second time - apologies if offended, but do Americans wear baseball caps in the comfort of their own homes? Is this a cultural thing?   


Once I'm through the door, I generally strip. Day over.  


Interested (scratchy beard).
u/vredditdownloader
Cypress Hill and the Ewok.
What a goof!
Licked him in the mouth, gross
Fuck this dumb dog
what kind of a dog is that?
Omfg this is the cutest mammal on earth
Omg so cute! I thought his teeths were out but I think it was just his tongue.
Cutest thing ever!
A real life Ewok! 😯
don't be suspicious don't be suspicious
r/wholesomezooms
YES
Pupper just wants to be with his dad. Cute lil guy
Wrong, that’s just one of those toys that does that
Looks like a toy.. Cute pup!
Omfg so goddamned adorable
That looks battery operated.
Like are you kidding
That cutie would have done great in the trenches during past wars.
Oh my fucking God
Best Battle of Endor reenactment I've yet seen.  10/10
EWOK
Snake in the grass
I thought that was Charlie Puth at first.
Yorkies aren't stupid just hard headed.  I had one and she was sweet but couldn't train her
Sneak 100
Bring on the downvotes, but I hate when people have their hair stick out under hats like that, they look like stupid clowns
cute doggo lmfao
Legit wondered if that was a super cute robot dog crawling for the first few seconds
What if when he got right up to you he just fucking exploded
"Jesus Christ, Japan has some freaky robots"  was my first thought when I watched it.  Anyone else think it was a robot??
It's cute how his or her tongue is out.
Omg how Adorable
OMG so Cuuuuute!!!!!
I know the breed!  It’s an Ewok!
Aaaaawwwww
Storm-troopers on Endor be like...
Doin' a splootin' craw & snek
u/stabbot_crop
I can't believe it's reeeeeeeeeeal \*-------\*
That's pretty cool
That's not a real dog. Thats an overly adorable robot.
This is off the cuteometer scale! Haha
HE GON’ GETCHA
Omg ❤
I had a remote control dog that moved and looked just like that guy when I was a kid - complete with the tongue hanging out.  I mean exact match here.

If I hadn't seen it stand up at the end, you'd have a hard time convincing me this wasn't one of those toys.
Why does it give remote control doggo vibes
Oh lawd he comin
Hahah really good
THAT IS A ROBOTIC DOG
That man must have Eagles vision! No untrained man can see that coming!
It took throat cancer, a heart attack. Lol
That's a very life like wind up stuffed animal
Fur real?
Oh lawd he comin
Cute Ewok and all, but they go straight for the mouth. A true rookie mistake. I personally go for the knees.
Blink and you’ll miss it
Imagine John Wick has such a badass doggo, must be fit!
Sneak 100
I love your dog
he doin a shuffle
I keep watching it over and over because that dog is cute asf and that dude is hot and douchey looking.  I love them both.
So sweet
Ninja dog...🤩
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Watched twice before i realized it wasn't a toy dog.
why is this making me cry ;-;
Oh fuck my heart
thought it was a toy...
My yorkie is too smart for his own good. So is my sister's, and she's a female yorkie. Idk where these stupid yorkies are coming from? Bad breeding? Need to look up Misa Minnie guys!
Lookit this dorpy lil mitten..
I made the ugliest cry face and just groaned for the entirety of this video
Does anyone see little fire emojis floating in the top comments? That's the first time I've seen that in reddit.
I don't see uhmma anywhere lol
u/sockgnomes
how cute puppy
69k likes nice, also have an updoot
That pupper has mastered ninjutsu
Carpet shark!!!
Oh fuck yah
Doubt it, they will attack people.
This dog is not real
Omg lol so damn cute!!
you’re doing great sweetie
Derpbacca
Is that a teddy bear??
Cute and sneaky
 puppy ♥️
The mirror floor made me think the dog’s legs were longer.
He looks fake, and I love it!
So cute
That should be a sub called PC Master Race
OMG!! He looks like he's missing his little wind up key. How adorable.
Is that younger inspector gadget?
Found the dogs Instagram: @ lilharleyy
Dude just put this video on your tinder profile and you’ll get more tang than an astronaut
WHAT BREED IS THAT PUPPER
What’s with Americans wearing hats at home?
Does it run on AAs or a 9v?
Need some "Mission Impossible" music playing in the background.
Snek +1
Aw. He did the crocodile attack and tried to throw you off with weaving 😂
Is that the “as good as it gets” dog
[Sneak Attack!](https://media.giphy.com/media/J0CqM28pTrvUcTzffN/giphy.gif)
r/blop
Honestly thought of a Ewok.  For Halloween.
Haha so cute.
Everyone loved this!!
They’ll never see me coming
He has mastered the way of stealth
Someone needs a hair cut
more like the KING of the sneak attack
Watch out!!
Omg
I love this.
So adorable. :>
**!**
Snuck his way into my heart! 💗
Look out! He's right behind you!! 😉
Such a sneaky boy 😍
Looks like one of those mechanical wind-up toys
Little guy was wound up pretty good!!
Look at his little b l e p
Omg the cutest thing!
I can't stop giggling. Please send help
Wait is that a real doggie or a mechanical one ? 😂
Plot twist. Hes dragging his ass on the carpet!
That used to be a wolf.
This just made my day, You're a good man, Thank You
You look like Hal Stewart ( from megamind) and David Dobril’s love child.
They dock the tails 100% for aesthetics.  Same with cropping ears, and removing dewclaws.  They are perfect the way they're born. Mine came with his tail docked, but if I had a choice, I'd have told the vet not to.
He or she reminds me of a toy cat or dog that can move.
Is it possible to learn this power?
I honestly thought this was a toy dog at first.
This is the greatest thing I’ve seen all day
I had my Australian Sheppard crawl to me like this once. Conflicted between me calling him to me and my grandfather telling him to lay back and forth. His solution was to crawl and it was almost as cute as this.
Hrrrng Colonel, I'm trying to sneak around, but I'm dummy floof, and the clap of ears keep alerting the guards.
Bleppin all the way!
I un-muted this expecting to hear squeaking noises.
Omg 😩😩😩
So cute
Sound is fake though.. or the dog can lick and bark at the same time. Sounds fake af.
Awwww that little pup is so cute!!! ❤️
u/pieot
Hy damn heart just exploded.
cwalwlin towarwds u hooman

comin for u

i gib u big smooch

awnd many kwisses

don go yet im cwomming

awmowst thew!

juwst a wittle bit!

im here hooman! ❤️

I’m not Schnoodle but I decided to post this 😅
It’s one of those things from Star Wars but the baby version
One of the most important sneak attack...
Is this a Japanese robot dog toy? I want a dozen!!!
R/vreddit_bot
u/vreddit_bot
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditDownloader
u/VredditDownloader
Making my way downtown
u/vredditdownloader
He sneaky
Here, that creature from a galaxy far far away deserves my upvote
Yub nub
Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww3ee
Made my day!
I want one haha
The cutest army crawl ever
Such a cutie. He can sneak up on me anytime. Would love to have something like that at my house. What kind of a dog is he/she?
Cutest pup ever!
What breed is your adorable dog?
What type of dog is this?
Where did you get an ewok from?
That Damn Guy has an Ewok. I must go find and steal!
Triple A batteries not included
r/perfectlycutscreams why yus... I do think this belongs here :3
u/vredditdownloader
u/Vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
What breed of dog is this. I love him.
This is so ducking adorable

Are we allowed to swear on Reddit? Sorry I'm new
Save some puss for the rest of us, dog.
Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
This is such a cute dog!!
Hella cute :(
Snake, this is a one pup sneaking mission. Infiltrate the hoomans house, sneak around and then... if it comes to it, give him the love. If you are seen it won’t be mission failure but.... you might get some belly rubs and treats...
Oh my god put the dog down before it kills someone
that's awesome.  I taught my English bulldog to army crawl.  also taught him to bring in groceries. we put the handle in his mouth and carried them
He has a weird hair, he reminds me of a clown.
[deleted]
