I can't say hello when I start an online meeting, because my pups assume I'm greeting someone who's IN the house and go apeshit. I hadn't thought about making a sign. Maybe I should make a sign.
[deleted]
But but...what if I see a squirrel...or think I see a squirrel...or there could be a squirrel and I just want to make sure..... what then?
This is so cute!  One of the positives that I've enjoyed in this whole mess, is hearing the background noises of life and home, coming through when I need to speak with a CSR or tech of some kind.  It humanizes all of us, and I swear I've been getting better outcomes!
Working from home has challenges and temptations for sure, but overall....a good thing!
They aren't barking, it is their *happiness noise* because mom is home all day long.
Now if I could just get across to my cat, "mum asleep" = "no meowing"
this picture screams Texas
Mom on no = phone bark
the golden rule
13/10 most attentive bois
That's a pretty good caricature of her. My version of myself would just be a  stick figure.
Boy on left is learning. Boy on right is... Skeptical
Bestest students ever!
"Okay, we still bark."
(Leans over) “we’ve been here for two hours, I still don’t get it?”

“I think it says when she’s on the phone...bark louder?”
My Chihuahua mix lives with my mom, who works from home. When she has a conference call, she tells him "okay Floyd, I've got a call now". He gets up out of his spot, goes into her bedroom, and waits on her bed until she says "okay Floyd, I'm done!"

Dogs are the best!
Very attentive. Hook em!
It’s like in the Sims where you can “Lecture about barking”. After a few lectures, they “learn not to bark”.
Does this lady work for NATO?
But...the mailman?? He is going to break in! Must protect!
No one is going to talk about that cool medallion built into the carpet?
That drawn mom face kind of haunts me. Like a particularly weird political cartoon.
For a second i thought it was Mr. Peanutbutter on the sign.
Those dogs are hopeless, they aren’t even looking at her sign!
Hook ‘em!
Mom on No = Phone Bark
Dogs: ... so, bark?
Correct me if I'm wrong, but the folded American flag means it was given during a military or similar funeral? Or could it just have been folded that way...
Ahhh, the Boomer Armoire. The landfills will be full of them in the future when none of their kids were willing to take them.
MOM ON = NO


PHONE = BARK

GOTCHA!
lol . Do you cat one for cats that decide to yowl at 4am?
I love this. I’d upvote it twice if I could!
Is this woman a member of Congress or something?
So obedient 😭
Mama needs some [RTX Voice](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZC_42ky1qAI).
Dogs: "Yes, Mom, you have our attention." 

Also Dogs: "What's that thing on Mom's head? Idk, we should bark at it to warn her, and make it go away."
Been on so many video calls with clients and the best thing is when you see their pets or their family walk by. It's really a welcome sight hahaha
Dog reads as follows, "Mom on NO. Phone = BARK!"
Mom:Okay puppers, repeat after me...  
Mom: When mom  
Puppers: When mom  
Mom: Is on  
Puppers: Is on  
Mom: The phone  
Puppers: The phone  
Mom: NO barking  
Puppers: No barking.  
Mom:Okay, so When mom is on the phone, no barking  
Puppers: BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK BARK
This is the whitest image ive ever seen
[The solution is this](https://youtu.be/uWUHkCgslNE) -> Nvidia just launched AI audio which has the best noise cancellation, goodbye dog bark, goodbye kids screaming, goodbye neighbor drilling and hammering. The person on the other end will only hear your voice. Its for the RTX cards but it also works on GTX  cards with a bit of fiddling.
If this works, let me know! Some neighbours around here could do with this!
There’s definitely a treat in one of those hands.
“Ah shit, I forgot to teach them how to read English. Now to devise a Pavlovian means of conveying an alphabet...”
So human can speak all day but dog can’t bark for 5 seconds
I couldn't teach it to my kids.
Got a big ut longhorn fan here
Is that a Longhorn doggie!! hes the bestest  boy!
What would that enormous piece of gorgeous furniture behind her be called? Just a fancy ass cabinet/bookshelf or something more specific?
MOM ON = NO

PHONE = BARK
Mom on no phone bark 

/R/dontdeadopeninside
Mom on No = Phone Bark
I have no problem with a cute woof in the background of a phone call
MOM ON NO, PHONE BARK
Dey protec, dey attac, and wen dey start da barks, mom will hafta call u bac.
The one on the right is like 'yes, alright, seems fair, keep going', and the one on the right looks like 'this is all too confusing, and I think she just wants me to bark, so I'm gonna bark now'
Its been a struggle getting my pups to realize when its quiet time cause mommy is working. I had to put a gate up because they would start playing in the office. So now that the gates up , both of them just stare at me an wine from the other side. Sooo NOW i brought their doggy beds into the office beside the desk an they couldn't be happier or more quiet lol
They’re both like, “we don’t get it”
woof woof meow woof woof meow woof woof meow woof woof meow woof woof meow
MOM ON> NO PHONE> BARK got it mommy
These dogs are more engaged in their lesson than 90% of my students.
Goldens. Just pet while on phone for silence.
so keep on barking? oh okay
Your mom is Steven Tyler
You have to be kidding. I have been climbing trees all over trying to find dog food. I know it’s out there some place.
Red neckerchief: I completely understand.

White collar: Sounds good, doesn't work.
But did it work? did they stop barking?
mom on = no  

phone = bark  

got it
I love how happy she is about instructing them
Dog food doesn't grow on trees, but bark does.
When ever my wife is in the phone my dogs want to outside in the yard.  Over the years they learned if they whine at the door and she is on the phone she will let them out quicker.
Mom on no phone bark
MOM ON = NO  
PHONE = BARK!
If she uses RTX Voice the barks would be filtered out without any problem
Might want to make a Paw-erPoint for this one.
u/DisjointedRig
Or does it? 🤔
I don’t own pets but these dogs look so damn amazingly adorable
What she needs to do is give them a quiet busy toy every time she puts on the headset so they learn headset=busy quiet time
The one of the left clearly thinks this is bullshit.
Love the bandanas! So cute!
lol . Do you cat one for cats that decide to yowl at 4am?
Is that Steven Tyler?
"mom"

Absolute cringe
Jokes on her, dogs can't see the useless red circle.
barking overloads the dogs Bluetooth headsets.
Those dogs are so well loved. You can see them in the framed photos.
Dogs can’t read

Edit: it’s a joke silly voters
Did they learn, though?
Who is that picture of a younger, blonder, no glasses woman though?
Ahaha, this is too cute. I need to know if it worked though!
Cringe
This would also be great on r/funny
I doubt she is their mom.
"Yes mom!", they said with a loud bark.
Why was this made, those dumb dogs Wong understand that.
MOM ON = NO  
PHONE = BARK!
I hope they never stop barking.
Mom on = no

Phone = BARK
That the uh Plantronics Blackwire 5220 headset? That's a good model there.
My cat is very vocal and he's not happy at all about me being home all day and not sitting on the couch with him. He yells at me for the first hour or so of the day. He is slightly pleased when I bring a chair in for him to sit next to me on, but I think just because he can yell in my face more effectively.
[removed]
We have 2 dogs and 2 cats... Working at home has never been a good option.
Lol
Mom on no = phone bark?
Mom on no= phone bqrk
You just know the dogs listened and she turned to her kids like “see, they can do it....now on to you guys”
Home schooling
Lol this bad doggy
Nice
Dont dont I get it now r/DunderMifflin


https://www.reddit.com/r/DunderMifflin/comments/66idfx/dont_dont_bother_luke_thats_as_clear_as_it_can_be/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
No, but they grow in the forest, they’re called bunnies and squirrels, occasionally birds.
The one in the Longhorns bandana looks like he’s trying really hard to understand the subject matter
Got it, when you put the snake hat on, go fucking nuts. Alright bud, we got our work cut out for us.
She’s clearly not a programmer and I don’t know C to make the joke work
Mom on = (“No “)
   then Phone.Bark
I wonder how she got that drawing of herself
Dogs: "Damn, true fam"
That’s a very difficult font for dogs to read.
I love this!
But BORKING ok!
Great drawing.  Makes sense that she'd own an easel.
Worst teacher ever. 😂
Sort by controversial
She better be gaming
Is that mr peanutbutter?
Woof
As soon as I start talking to someone on the phone or video conference my dog gets uneasy. Starts boofing, gets agitated at everything outside, loses her mind at the person walking by from 2 blocks away. Goes back to sleep when the meeting ends. Thanks dude.
The one on the right
I feel like I gotta know more about that room.
mom on no, phone bark
The reason why they don't understand is because they are reading "mom on     no. Phone bark!" So they see the phone and bark, duh!

Edit: typo
but toilets do
Excuse me? *Dog starts eating acorns*
man, if only i payed that much attention during my lectures...
Time to invest in a rtx GPU and install rtx sound. It blocks out background noise flawlessly using the power of the GPU.
My dog has the decency to wait until it’s my turn to present to the conference call
Still, someone who calls in is probably hell bent on treating this woman like shit.
MOM ON = NO

PHONE = BARK

GOT IT
That drawing looks a little like the titan that ate Eren's mom in Attack On Titan. Or am I just imaginative?
r/dontdeadopeninside
Use nvidia voice
Mom on no phone = bark
RTX voice fixes this.
my dog will want pets while i'm trying to help students.
The picture looks like Clifford
Mom on = no 
phone = no bark
Doggo on the right lookin realll defiant 😭😭😭
Love this!!
Thank you for your service.
i spy a UT bandana! Hook em 🤘🏻
This is why greyhounds and sighthounds in general are the very best. They almost never bark!
haha totally! and how do you get emojis on reddit???
Cute! And hook'em!
Omggggg! It just me so awesome to have your dogs while you work!!!

...I mean, yeah it's not all good...

But stillllll!! :)
..........but bark gets attention when mom work, so when mom work = no attention = bark
So cute
Nice
Who is a good Longhorn? You are! Yes you are!
hope those dogs got it. they look focused
What she means: "*No barking when Mom is wearing headset thingy*"

What they understand: "*When Mom wears the headset thingy all dogs will be cut in half......with some extra human markings that dont make sense*"
LOL
Things people do for karma!
“But sticks do!”
Lol
You can see how much they love their dogs, they're in the background pictures 🐾❤️
You do know those dogs are performing satanic rituals in your living room. Right ?
No barking at home. Problem solved.
You may also find that your neighbors hate you less after this.
The drawing of her looks like an attack on titan character
Teach me your ways.
That caricature is spot on.
Mom alert
Why does she look like an NPC on the photo?
Mom on no phone bark.  Actually, it still makes sense.
Someone needs to get RTX voice.
What happens when Mom is on the couch?
Texas
Go Army!
Cameron doesnt know how to speak it.

cackling
I’d like this to be a daily lesson in my house
That sign won't stop me, because I can't read
Yo, OP what's the source of this image?
They look like good bois
That's just wholesome, she'd put a simple effort.
Watch them star to howl while she’s on the phone
If only they could read...
My dogs will bark or get up and run around when I pick up the phone. They hear my tone change and think someone is visiting!
Mom on no
Phone bark
The one on the right looks really smug like "I'm too old and you love me too much I don't need to listen"
Mom on No
Phone Bark
The one on the right is me when my boss sets a deadline.
Honor students for sure.
What a pair of lovelies.
Nice Dogs ❤❤
dog cuteness aside, this is the most Texan room I’ve ever seen
"she wants us to bark louder since she can't hear too good with those funny things over her ears!" 🐕🐕
Mom on no
Phone = bark
Dog on right is my dogs daddy.
I swear, my cat ignores me all damn day until I'm on a conference call.
instructions unclear. must chew up something now.
Hook’em Horns!!
Is there a law in Murica where you must have at least one flag in each household ?
Who knows how to grow a mustache.
Boi on the right looks like he gets it
Cool
Dogs only understand PowerPoint
Mom On = No

Phone = Bark

/r/DontDeadOpenInside
And if you could not fart that would be nice.
Mom on no phone bark
Moar Barks! MOAR
Even the trees changed on 9/11...
So, phone = bark?
MOM, PHONE, BARK! Got it!
Lot of America in that picture.
Love the caption 😂
So write that on your board and show it to Sasha
Those fellows look good. 🤗
Dog 1: I don’t get it she doesn’t want us to bark 

Dog 2: no you misinterpreting it, she wants us to bark louder
Looks like a good Texan household
Mom on no = phone bark
Such apt students. Look at that attention, and appreciation.
The ceremonially folded flag on top of the hutch got my attention...
From Rochelle Andonian
[removed]
Unless your dog is a vegetarian.
I see that buckeye helmet back there
Well it doesn't surprise me that they bark, cuz the sign clearly says no woofing
Taking homeschooling to another level!
Mom on no phone bark
Does she work for NATO or something?
This is exactly how my younger brother (7 year old at that time) explained to my dog to not poop in our living room.

It worked and next day he pooped in kitchen!!
Mum on = no/
Phone= bark
MOM ON NO

PHONE = BARK!
They are only pretending to pay attention.  This is adorable!
they look cute. I hope they really understood  it
Any exceptions to the principle?
Aww they have bandanas.
Did the training work?
Apart from the fact that this picture is insanely cute and funny, does this method work?
Poor pup on the left is going to fail this lesson. The concern is written all over his face.
I love being on Zoom to see someone’s box light up just after a dog runs off. Squirrels matter more than anything.
If only
Blah blah blah
**They look so cute!**
This lady looks like both Grace AND Frankie
Doggo: This is egregious!!!
Golden retrievers are soooo dumb.
Mom on no phone = bark
I actually love it when you can hear dogs barking in the background of phone calls and podcasts!
Mom on = no
Phone = bark
Haha
Mom on = no

Phone = bark
that'll teach 'em!
Mom on no
Phone = Bark

Yes.
Love this.
Someone get her a RTX 2080Ti and RTX Voice
Mom on no phone = Bark?
Longhorn dog is the best dog
But mom...we barking ----Hook 'em horns!!!....
Mom on no phone = bark
Is an very good
 Post
im pretty sure my mom uses the same headset for calls
I love when dogs bark on the other end but you got to pay the dog tax.
Doggo lessons. Yes
Damn, Mick Jagger is looking good these days.
AM News station now has occasional barking dog.  Turns out that's what it was missing.
Haha lol
Mom on=no, phone=bark!
Well damn Karen. How are we supposed to see the visual aid when it’s that high up and it’s angled upward?
Haven’t tried it out yet, but check out the new Nvidia RTX voice filter. I’m not sure if it would work on dogs, but it might.
Time for RTX Voice
My colleagues find it entertaining to have my dog in the background. Far more interesting and prettier than me.
Mom on no

Phone bark!
Not sure if OP is the one in pic, but did the sign work? Did they stop barking?
Hook Em!
Mom on no phone bark.
Those bandannas should be over their noses, who knows where she has been?
I just love how clean and neat that carpet looks :)
"Excuse me, but I have a very important borking job here and it's not my fault you now have to stay home Karen. It's like they don't see how important I am to this house!".
Cute dogs. Brings me memories. Im a muslim. 1 day I was hanging by my construction site and 2 huge german Shepards came to me real close, sniffing around me. I had to tell them "yo man, Im a muslim and I cant touch you, dont lick me bro cuz I had to wash me self real hard later". Those 2 dogs seemed like they understood what I said. They went around close to 1-1.5 feet by me I had to stand still stiffly working while they went about their ways. 

There was another pup at my toolbox meeting, sniffing up my boots. Told him not to lick me. Pup nodded and curled on the ground like asking for belly rubs. Had to use a stick to give him some love rubs. Cute pup, now he grown up already looked like a pitbull.
Mom on = no

Phone = bark
I love how Texas this picture is :) And the puppers are sooooo cute!
So don’t, don’t bark...
A line graph indicating a sharp decline in pets, as barks increase, would also have been acceptable.
after hearing RTX sound the next thing every phone is going to have is AI sound filtering, this will all be a thing of the past soon.
I like how they are paying attention. But don't probably understand anything. Basically me in meetings.
Actually wolves eat berries so dog food does grow on trees
They look more obedient than actual children learning from home.
Dog on the right: I have no idea what your orders are, but I will follow them to the letter.
r/dontdeadopeninside
I feel you, my dogs decided to bark for the first time in my 2 weeks during my only meeting with my boss. Luckily I muted myself. To be fair there was some old dude looking at my neighbor's house.
The doggo on the right is digesting this like a champion. He's like, "Ahh, yes. This first lesson makes sense to me... even though trying not too might be a bit... *ruff"*
Haha they look so attentive. But the guy on the right looks like he's no less than three seconds away from letting a quick little bark - I can see it on his face.
Such fine looking and attentive pupils!
Mom on phone = No Mr. Peanutbutter ?
I’m just going to go out on a limb and guess that her name is Karen Karenson-Karichtenstein.
This is the most stereotypical ‘American soccer mum’ picture I’ve ever seen
I love how one is following, the other isn’t so sure.
Did they ask any questions at the end?
I need one for my rabbit. Mom on phone, no chew window frame.
Dog on left: I'm sorry. Will you still feed me?

Dog on right: Yeah... whatever.
Mom on = no, phone = bark?
Zoom school
I wonder how many times they tilted their heads back and forth like they were trying to understand?
Owner...not mom.
By the looks of the symbol on the floor she works pretty high up in NATO
She's gotta be a realtor.
Golden retardos
MOM ON = NO


PHONE = BARK!
ACtUlLy DuE tO My dOgS VEgAn DiEt hIs DoG fOoD dOeS GrOW oN TrEeS
MOM ON NO

 PHONE BARK
Wonder who this picture was stolen from...
Instructions unclear “Bork Bark Bork Bork Bork Bork”!!!
HELLO MOM

YES, THIS IS DOGS
Don’t don’t bother Luke
I'm really gonna feel bad for all the pets when their human has to go back in for work
“Wide Dog” always makes me chuckle.
Mom on phone = get rid of.. WAIT
Hook em!
That better be her avatar for her online profiles
Oof, my Finnish teacher's dogs absolutely refuse to shut up during online class, they're so loud :') It's really sweet tho when she finally pays attention to the dogs for a minute or two and shows us her the dogs through the camera, everyone just starts spamming hearts and "aww" in the chat
Why does this lady’s office look like the Oval Office? Since quarantine started people are posting From inside their mansions. When did all of you guys get mansions? Guys, I think I’m poor.
The goodest of boys.
This is amazing. I hope the reddit elites shower you in gold.
most attentive and obeyed student
Unconvinced. Take these fucking stupid bandannas off of us and we will reconsider.
I'm wondering how much if any of it they understood. lol
Good luck with that.
Mom on - No

Phone - BARK!
100% would trip over that rug and die every day.
Listening so well. Likely still have no idea what she’s saying
Don't woof!
https://youtu.be/83m261lAlrs
r/yesyesyesno
This looks like a new format to me
Good thing my cat doesn't give a shit. I just saved myself from making a sign
Holy fuck that looks just like my mom
Hahaha teaching at home?
I see I munch
Mom on no Phone = bark?
Can someone memefiy this plz
Mom on no phone bark?
Mom on no phone bark
instruction unclear

Do you have a job at a call center?
That's the type of home schooling I can get behind.
Haha, the cartoon woman on the sign looks suspiciously like Hillary Clinton. I wonder if the lady did that on purpose.
Mom on no. Phone =Bark
White people shit
Can she make a sign for my cat? It should include:

- when Mom on phone, Kitty no yowl like a maniac for extra food
- when Mom on computer, Kitty no jump onto keyboard and swipe at mouse 
- when Mom writing in notebook, kitty no put big furry butt into middle of page
- when Mom using pen, Kitty no stalk and pounce on moving pen

In fact, I think I’m gonna need a bigger sign.
Mom on no phone = bark
Doggo school
That folded American Flag in the back hit me hard :(
'Mom on no phone bark"  

Say no more..
Sorry but, You or they really took the time to print out the photos, write mom on phone = no bark, put them on a board, got the dogs to sit in the right spot while knowing the dogs dont understand what you're doing or what the board says. What a waste of time for internet points.
Mom on = no 
Phone = bark
The Texas dog gets it not sure about the other one
That sign won't stop me! Because I can't read!
You can tell they are trying their best to understand.
Could be captioned "Elizabeth Warren explaining anything to American people.
Am I the only one that thinks it’s weird to say you are a mom or dad to a pet.
Mom on no 

Phone bark
Read it as Mom On=Bark. Was she on a ride with dad?
Mom on =no. Phone = bark.
Mr peanut butter and captain peanut butter 😍
I've definitely seen dogs eat fruit.
Always do as Mr. Peanut butter does.
Mom on no phone bark
How I read this:

Mom on = no
Phone = bark
Woofn't
i have dog respect me but bark hhhhh
Hook 'em.
Best students
Mom on = no
Phone = bark
This is peak white people energy.
Damn i've been in quarantine for so long that i must've missed out on the fact that dogs can read now
Doggo with red scarf be like: "I have several questions"
Dogs: this sign can’t stop me because I can’t read.
Orange bandana dog looks like s/he is trying to pay attention and the doggo on the right looks like DW saying the sign can't stop her bc she can't read
r/dontdeadopeninside
Didn't know Steve Tyler had dogs.
I know what's happening to the cows, it's invisie commie ghosts what don't know they'rr dead!

-Ol' No Bark
Mom on = no.
Phone = bark
Mom On = No Phone = Bark
Kinda looks like Sarah Palin
No ones talking about how well that characatcher of her is
/r/DontDeadOpenInside
Dang it, I read this as " mom on no phone bark ".
[https://youtu.be/83m261lAlrs](https://youtu.be/83m261lAlrs)  
\-Dog
so does teachers
She needs that RTX background noise cancellation.
[removed]
God I love dogs
Umm squirrels 100% grow on trees.
moM oN NO PhoNE BArK
Mom on no phone bark
MOM ON NO
PHONE = BARK
Am I the only one who thinks it’s remarkable that people are able to keep their carpet so clean and free of pet hair with ONE golden retriever, let alone TWO?! This woman must vacuum every day!!
I read that as mom on no phone BARK!
My puppy has decided that phone calls are the perfect time to throw his ball at me. And when I don’t throw it back or take a few seconds before throwing it, he barks into the phone as loud as he can
Sometimes I put my ginger to my mouth to do the Shhhh, thing, then I snap my finger and motion them to go to their bed.
This meeting could have been resolved with an email.
Hook em
MOM ON NO PHONE BARK - GOTCHA
Mom on no, phone Bark. Got it
😅😅😅
No bork**
Cutest thing! 😍
Mom, not “owner.”
The scary thing is that goldens can probably understand what you're telling them. They'll just choose to ignore it whenever they think they can get away with it.
Too cute. Let them bark.
Mom on no phone bark ?
The picture of the mom looks like one of those political comics with the giant heads
They’re goldens. I’m 80% sure they’ll understand eventually.
Love how the dog on the right is like " WE ARE NOT AGREEING TO THIS" while the dog on the left looks so harmless
[deleted]
Thats a nice bookshelf/desk
I see another meme connected to this haha
Love it  x
r/dontdeadopeninside
wow thats quite a good way of training hmm i hope do they understand it !
Comic depiction of Mom is creepy AF.
Aw this is adorable they are such good students give treat!
Best office assistants ever
Left one guilty, right one pretends to listen 😅
They look like good students!!
Do I sense a new meme format where you replace what’s on the board with something else?
Should someone tell her dogs can’t read?
My dog needs to see this chart...
A rug on carpet?..
Hook em
I like how the second one looks just slightly sceptic. As in I see no sources cited there, mom.
They pay attention more than my students though.
Mom on = no
Phone = bark
This is fuckin stupid and obviously done for fake internet points.
Stupid Karen
especially "Mom".....
“But hooman, what if need treato?”
Dog ABA program is going well.
She could try rtx
Who is she?
[Don't woof](https://youtu.be/w6PNYm_n8pY)
Someone please tell me why the drawing of the dog looks so familiar.
Can the dog actually understand? Genuine question
Be me: sitting on conference call with high up District Administrator alongside 30 other teachers. 
My pets: "oh you're trying to talk? Bark bark mother fucka!"
Ah yes, I too train my dogs via PowerPoint presentation!
Thank you. I saw the flag.
*Phone rings*

*BARK*
Now as you can see here dog food is at an all time low with the barking. We need to fix that.
The Mom should install RTX audio
This is just so damn cute
See you at the top!
Hook’em!🤘🏻🧡
Love this!  We had a conference call the other day and couldn’t even hear one guy as his cat was meowing so loud!
Is that Mr. Peanutbutter?
Hookem Horns
They look very polite. 

And very clean and well groomed, props to the owner
Kibble is for closers
Lool OK mom well bark louder 😂
sounds like she need RTX voice
I wish I knew a way to teach my dogs this one.
Mom on no phone = bark
Since "=" was used, that means that Mom is obligated to be on the phone whenever no bark. Equals sign works both ways.
"What does that mean Karl?"

"No idea Frank, she didn't teach us to read yet"
Similar issue with my 🐈 he only screams when I’m on important phone calls!
Can we hold our horses boys and admire her portrait??
Mom on no. Phone bark?
Dog: “Mawm I told you, dog food comes from the closet, not trees! Also human food comes from the fridge. You don’t need to leave the house for it!” 🤣
MOM ON NO
PHONE BARK
Ruffing rules mom!
Damn that's a nice home office.
:-D
:-D
..............lol we can’t read.
Her office is amazing 😍😍😍
MOM ON NO PHONE BARK! \*insert confused grandma meme here\*
I'm so happy that my dog doesn't bark.he  Sneezes on you though... I mean he does work when there's like an intruder but no other time not trained or anything.
But they look like such good bois
Fetch the bolt cutters
Mom on = no
Phone = Bark

I mean cmon who can blame em
Mom on no phone bark
If that sign works she could sell it for millions.  Dog food for everyone!
Mom on Phone = No Bork!
Aw that’s a good longhorn boi. Hook’em!
I’m trying to save your life when I bark Karen
I wish it were this easy!
cute as fuck
ARF, ARF! Translation , "Whats Bark"?
A few more panels and this can replace the Gru Chart meme
Mom on = no phone bark
Why does it say mom
Another human that thinks they've given birth to a dog.

WTF is going on with these people?
Mom on=no      phone=bark
Is nobody gonna mention that the title doesn’t make sense for the picture??
Am i the only one who finds it really fucking weird when they call themselves ‘mom’/‘dad’ when talking about their dogs?
this is the whitest thing i’ve ever seen
Mom on = no
Phone = bark

That's how I read it at first and I was so confused.
Mom on _ no phone - bark
You're not their mom you madwoman
Ok boomer
Mom on= no 

Phone=bark
Mom on No

Phone = Bark
MOM ON NO PHONE BARK!!
I read it too quickly as mom on no. Phone = bark. Had to re read.
but but but...the Thing! It's Outside! The thing is Outside! It's doing a Thing. I see It. The Thing is moving around Outside! It's doing the Thing. By the Tree! I must GetIt! You don't understand!!!! It is moving! It is Outside! It is doing the Thing! It is in MyPlace! I MUST GetIt. LemmeOutLemmeOutLemmeOut
[deleted]
This post has 56 comments and 0 upvotes and no one is going to talk about it!
In 50 years some grandkid will post this pic on future Twitter with caption "My grandmother during the Covid-19 pandemic of 2019" and get 50000 retweets.
I have the urge to loot that tri-fold flag and maybe that helmet.
It's called a conference call, and their contributions are valuable.
Mom on No

Phone = Bark
If they don't 'understand plain English', use Placards.
oh my gawd, thanks karen, this is great
I'm already annoyed by looking at this woman.
When mommie talkie talkie, good boi no barkie barkie. *Paw bump*
Dogs can’t read you dumb old bitch
When a human describes themselves as 'mom' or 'dad' to an animal makes me shudder. 
You are not a pet parent your are an owner.
