If you would like to follow their progress https://youtu.be/6_xOoGCD204
Duck Dad
"Mom and dad found this awesome private pond for us to move in to. We have our own wave pool, roomservice, and even these weird and huge pets swimming around in the basement. Ducking roomservice man. Wanna come play at my place?"

They would have been the most popular ducklings at duckling-school for sure.
Man them fuckin ducks are a silver lining right now. You didn't have to update us, so thanks for doing it.
[deleted]
My wife and I have been building a pond about the same width, your dad's just inspired me to go deeper. Thanks OP!
[deleted]
[deleted]
I work with a man who had a pond and the ducks moved in. He liked them and bought food. The next year there were 4 times as many ducks, the next year the population was out of control. That’s when he found out commercial duck food has fertility additives.
Gosh bless your soul OP, for posting this glorious update/follow up.
This is so adorable, thanks for the update!
"Seven happy healthy ducklings" sounds like an educational kids show on PBS.
Such a beautiful pond, he's done a great job!
Those ducks found a literal paradise.
Looks like peace was an option after all
The little grass pad so they can get in and out easily! Everything about this is amazing!
GREAT, GREAT, GREAT Story about these beautiful ducks and how they came to your Dad’s pond and are now raising their gorgeous Ducklings.

What a wonderful story and you have lit up so many lives during these dispiriting and chaotic times we are living through.

God Bless You and family and God Bless the Ducks and their wonderful family too.  Keep us informed of their daily struggles and how their lives are progressing.

👌❤️❤️❤️❤️👍
That's a damn fine pond tho, I wouldn't mind taking a swim
I could watch that for a couple hours, easy.  Fuck Netflix.
this two minutes were so peaceful. thx for sharing.
I'm so glad you posted again! I was wondering if we would get some fluffy duck action. :)
What a beautiful spot to raise them!
This is the type of content I need
Do the koi or whatever fish in the pond pose a danger to the ducklings?
This is so wholesome 🥰
Nice maple and water fall. Well done.
I'm curious, what are you feeding them?
Is your dad Tony soprano?
Thank you. I needed this.
I love mallards. We've got a couple here too. They come every year.
Super cute! I like how they're totally at ease with you there.
Awww
Yay!! Thanks for the update!
This is exactly what I needed today!
So happy we got an update.  The other post looked like a duck utopia.  Your dad is awesome to do this for the duckies.
Duck guy here. We have several families that live on my pond year round so I've done a lot of research. Since there isn't a natural source of food and grit around, your dad will wsnt to provide them access to as much soluble grit as they want and enough food to help the ducklings grow. Keep in mind the stuff people commonly feed wild ducks (bread, rice, corn and such) is ok for a treat, but isn't nutritionally complete. He'll want to get some poultry feed, chicken pellets or better yet some feed that is specifically formulated for waterfowl. Mazuri is a good one; it's made by Purina so it's widely available.

http://www.poultryhub.org/nutrition/nutrient-requirements/nutrient-requirements-of-ducks/

Your dad and people like him that go above and beyond for animals are saints. There is a special place in heaven for people who love and care for critters like this. Good on him, and thanks for updating us :)
I would like to see the ginormous fish, please.
I bet you could put a live cam on that and make 44 million dollars a year.
Love your Dad's Koi pond
They know a good thing when they see it.  I like the AstroTurf ramp to help the ducklings.
Those ducks sure hit the lottery!
That pond is so safe for them, your dad did a great job!
That is a really nice koi pond. Is it expensive to build and maintain one?
Your pond is amazing. I don't blame them.
TONY SOPRANO!!!
That's so sweet! Last year there was a duck couple that tried to do the same at my brother and sister in laws backyard. Apparently they are not the nature lovers that I am though, because they kept letting their dog outside to chase them away and after a few days they stopped coming back. 😕
That's awesome. There's a small pond/park in my neighbourhood with ~25 pairs of mallards and I'm looking forward to seeing a couple hundred ducklings in the coming weeks.
I thought that duckling was going to get sucked up.
“BING POT!”

- Father duck, after finding this pond
Here are some [ducktails]( https://youtu.be/4ronOveBTso) that share some duck facts
I am very happy to know this
That's so adorable! There's a pair of mallards that visit our lake every year, but we've never seen them with babies and it makes me sad to think that they're barren.
I demamded updates and you've delivered! Have an upvote!
Oh!!!!  How neat!
I love ducks 🦆
Superduper cute family :D
Yes! I am happy to know.
Wait, did we already get the story on the giant goldfish / koi and I missed it?!
What a beautiful garden. I'm insanely jealous.
Loving the green duck ladder to help the quacklings in and out!
Those ducks hit the jackpot.
I just watched season 1 episode 1 of the Sopranos..
This is prime real estate
I love how the fish gulped to a duckling, and it got scared and quack-leaped off 🥺
You were right, I AM happy to know that 😃.
I bet they tell all their duck friends about their vacation home/birthing suite.  Lol.
This is hardcore! To the max!1!!!
lucky ducks!
First rule of ducklings is to not count them.. Because you'll get depressed over time
Aww... did he put the turf there just for the ducklings to be able to get in/out easier?
How about setting up a live stream?
You may have all my upvotes
Are the ducklings safe from the Koi fish?
I would die from happiness if that was my pond.
Imagine being this duck couple, they’ve found utopia to raise their family in. Your dad must be awesome.
Wow thanks for the update! We love to see it!!
Thank you for the update! Made my week
Omg!  Thank you so much for the update.  Your dad must be a kind soul. 👍🏻
so what do ducks eat normaly?
This is great! Thanks for the update.
I love how this YouTube channel has a hey duggee playlist :D
Thank you for updating! Your yard sounds so peaceful. Perfect spot to raise the duckings!
OMG. Thanks so much for sharing the update! I loved the first installment, and this is just fantastic to see their babies! Blessings to you and yours.
He's going to need a second pond once those grow up.
It’s a beautiful pond too!
Those gold fish are Huge!
Subscribed!
Thanks for posting this. I just subscribed to the YouTube channel. Just watching this video made me smile. Thanks again.
If it's anything like the ducks that live in the pond by my place, you'll see one less duckling every few days.  Hopefully at least one of them makes it out of ducklinghood.
Thank you for doing this!!! Yayyyy
I needed to see this today❤️🦆
This is the Cadillac of nesting grounds.
So they use the ramp?
Does your father work in sanitation?
Is your dads name Tony?
What a beautiful family!
Saw your previous post. Glad they came back. You guys gave them a great home
Nice to see this. The fish are amazing too!
Is your dad in Waste Management? If he starts seeing a therapist when the ducks leave, you have reason to worry about him.
I would like a live feed of just this pond please
This gives me major secret garden vibes
This is so amazing. Thank you for caring for them and being awesome human beings.
I would spend all day out there if I were you
I too, choose your dads pond
Nature is just fucking beautiful :)
So cute! That’s awesome quarantine entertainment!
Freakin life goals.

I aim to have a house where this is a legit reality.
Magical
As a person that had a pet duck from a little peeper to a biggun for 16 years. This makes me incredibly happy.
It DID make me happy...thank you!!
You should band those ducks if you can.
*Tony Sporano has entered the chat
Is your dad Tony soprano ?
Don't get too attached to this babies.  Some will not make it. It sucks. But it's just the way it goes.  We're lucky to see 15% make it to adulthood
🦆💜🦆
Pretty chilled out ducks not worried in the slightest that some of the food may fall on them, they know it is safe, though the ducklings aren't too sure of the fish.
Oh those are such cute flufferbutts!!!!! So glad for this update! My ducks wish their pond was at this level! It's slowly being updated as I can though! The little ones on the turf ramp are making me grin so hard!
Those fish your dad got are crazy too! Nice
Thanks for the update! Too cute!
The dankest update
Duck pond asmr
You are correct, I was happy to know that. Thank you. I wish you and you father and his ducklings wonderful lives.
That’s a lovely pond
Yeah!!  Thank you so much for the update. This makes me so happy!
This is so calming.
Mallards  are prolific gang rapists. Just saying.
I could watch this frolicking for at least another 2 hours
Your dads pond looks like a nice place to set up shop. I have a similar pond and it doesn’t look nearly as nice as your dads. However, I get a blue heron that rolls in and completely decimates any fish I put in there.
I love this so much. Thank you :)
*Tony Soprano noises*
This is so wholesome ❤️
And in a pond like that there are likely to stay 7 ducklings! Mallards are terrible parents and in the Wild their ducklings get picked off due to inattentive parenting a lot. It’s super cool that these are likely to stay healthy. I also love the little “beach” they have there! They are going to be fun to watch grow up.
I had a very bad few seconds at 1:46 of the video, as I was sure that big koi was going to gobble down one of the younguns.
I have been waiting for this! Thank you for the update
My god it's only been two weeks
Love this little nursery so much! Thanks for sharing, such a beautiful and peaceful two minutes. The koi made me nervous, I wonder how he prevents chomps? Lol. I'm sure a GoFundMe for a trail cam/live feed would be well received!
The little grass duckling waddle up is so thoughtful
Love this! Thanks for the update.
Damn, why do I wanna hug your dad?
It would be amazing to have this happy duck family in your backyard during the stay-at-home order. I could watch them all day.
Man, what a piece of paradise your father have there. I can almost feel my anxiety calming down hearing those sounds.
Can I come live at your dad's pond?  Looks incredible.  Happy to see the new family!
This brought me so much joy!! Thank you!
That’s awesome. I have two morning doves that have made their home underneath my pergola. The other night, I was smoking a lil doobie in my backyard, no biggy,  but one fell out and start convulsing on the ground. I was way too baked to handle that shit. But I got it together and scooped it up gently with gloves on. My wife said, “put it to rest”. I said ok and I put it under a tree across the street at the park. Figured it would be cat food or maybe a miracle would happen and it would wake up and fly away. I mean, it appeared to be fine. No broke bones or anything. Next morning, low and behold, two morning doves underneath my pergola. 

After a bit of research, morning doves are typical life long partners, so unless Doves move on quick and the remaining found another partner real quick, the dove I thought was dead, was not dead. Further research found that it’s a common tactic for a morning Dove to flop from a nest and start playing hurt, as a last ditch effort to sacrifice themselves in order to save the rest of the nest. Unreal. I’m still too stoned for all this
moment of zen right there.
Good for them. I shared your preparation video with my FIL cause he's had a duck pair coming to his pool for years. Last year they had a nest in the backyard and he's hoping for a repeat this year. He did so much to make sure the dogs didn't bother the nest.
Followed ya. This is precious af
Thank  you so much.
Thanks for this! Your Dad is a good man.
I could watch this for hours
Don't feed them. You are lowering their fitness.
Kinda reminds me of The Sopranos.!
Live the ducks.!
Seeing this last week made me go out to my woods to dig a big whole and make a rock foundation around it. I just need a pond liner and I can fill it up.
These ducks are the 1% of the duck world.
I really hope your yard is protected from birds of prey. I wouldn't want one of those cute fuzzies to become duckling take away.
Same thing happened in our suburban Phoenix back yard a few years ago. Mamma Duck made her nest under our rose bushes beside the swimming pool and we didn’t have the heart to kick her out. She’d laid over a dozen eggs and all hatched. An attack of feral cats got a couple and the rest almost drown in the pool before we could chase the cats off and rescue the rest. The soiled pool went bad, full of tens of thousands of mosquitoes as the filters clogged and the pump failed.  But the Mommy and Daddy Duck along with just short of a dozen ducklings survived in a huge cage we provided until they could be relocated to a neighboring preserve. The pool and equipment didn’t fair so well. But after a serious cleaning, complete draining, and a sandblasting and new paint job, new pump and filters, and a fair amount of yard work, the human space was reclaimed. Total price tag was close to $8,000.00USD.  But the random duck family survived, with only a few losses.  Yea. I guess.
Have fun cleaning, they crap everywhere.
You know you've let your baby watch too much Little Baby Bum when reading "seven happy healthy ducklings" immediately makes you start singing nursery rhymes. 

*Everything* sounds like a nursery rhyme, I guess.
That's a nice pond. I don't blame them. Do they have enough to eat?
If you eat a handful of raisins, and drink a bunch of water, you will crap out nearly normal grapes.  It’s true, it happened to me by accident, and I had fo tell someone.

Ducks are cool!
Hey!! I remember!!

That's wonderful <3
Jelly ....
Until they fly away for good. Then you have to go see a psychiatrist for your panic attacks. Now wheres the gobba goo?
Wow wow wow 💚💚💚. Congratulations!  Thank you for sharing the Adventures of Duck Dad.
I wish I could make a pond like that
Now I need to start watching The Sopranos again.
Have any of the ducklings returned?
Yay!!!
Thank you for this.  I love the little steps he made.  Your dad thinks of everything.  Is he a duck?
How many babies are there? I thought I counted six, but was distracted by all the cuteness.
Fuck it he’ll bounce back
I live in the country, and I have a pretty large pond on my property. The odd pair of ducks come along, but I can never get them to stick around. Any hints on doing this?
Two weeks? It's the longest two weeks everrrrrrr.

Cute ducklings :)
Soooooo cuteeeeee!!!!!
The audio from the clip would make for a very relaxing soundtrack.
This gave me much joy.
I have legit been waiting to see this post thank you
I am very happy to know this, you’re right. Thankyou.
Happy duckling noises.
That's awesome thanks for the update
Tony Soprano in real life
I AM very happy to know that...
YES! Thank you! 

I have duck friends in my neighbors yard, but I haven’t crept over there to look for a nest. BUT they take swims in my creek and it is so cute! This is better than anything you could watch on tv, id just sit out there all day and watch my new duck family.
I was just thinking about this yesterday, hoping for an update, so glad you did the update! Thank you 😊
That is so cool!
We’re all trapped inside and their living their best life.
as a matter of fact that DOES make me happy.  Thanks
I am indeed happy, thanks for letting us know.
Don’t let the horse near them, those motherfuckers are carnivorous
Thanks for the update!!
Watching this was so soothing!
How do they take to your dad and rest of your family?
Thankyou for the update - I love this little ducky paradise!!
Aww yay. Thanks for the update 😍
Is your dad Tony Soprano
I bet there is so much poop there.
Thank you for the update!
These ducks have their own private oasis! They’re probably so proud!
Awww look at the cute little duckies!
This is the best update
Smart ducks
Is the tonys dream
If this happened at my parents house growing up, my mom would have had a duck motif throughout the whole house.
I will _not_ be happy about anything!
Made my freaking day!
Hope your dad has a chance to see a therapist before he starts passing out.
A great update! Thanks!
I remember the first! thank you!
Yay!!!
Say hi to your dad Tony 😁
What a gift. Well maintained pond.
Looks like a pretty happy family...
Aaaah they’re so cute
The sequel we never knew we wanted
Yay!  I was hoping I'd be able to catch you updating us on this!  TY
What is being thrown into the pond?
I want a pond like that. Sounds so soothing. Ducks are a bonus
Thanks so much for the update 😍😍😍
Hope he has lots of sun chips.
Thank you for the update! I love that they are using the little grass pad step.
What are you feeding the ducks?
Chicks, man!
This was so calming and peaceful to watch
Yay! This is so wholesome. I was hoping for an update.
I'm chasing mallard couples out of my pool every spring.  This makes me feel terrible.
Tony Soprano would like to know your location.
this cured my coronadepression
And the love the ramp! Aw!!
How cute, I watched the whole vid with a smile on my face. Thanks for the update.
They lucked out.Good job.
After seeing a horse eat a chick, I thought that fish was gonna swallow a duckling.
I love them
I love everything about this. Thanks to you and your dad for sharing his ducky children/tenants
Omg I needed this so bad..
My heart💜
What an awesome family ducks are the best ❤️
Show this to my mom

Mom:  oh, nice duck farm you have.
I don't know why but this made me extremely happy! So cute.
Thank you for your update, mr. Soprano.
This is the kind of news I like to see :)
Duk
I was hoping I would see an update!!! Thanks for posting!
This is very Tony Soprano.
That's looks so peaceful
So you mean to tell me that ducklings take 2 YEARS to get to that point?

I actually did think this, but then I reread the title and understood it as a mistake
That is like duck paradise right there
I could watch this all day. Beautiful. Thanks!
These reaction comments are killing me, you are
awesome thanks for sharing and for the update!
This is way better than the 2 hummingbirds in my mom's bush.
How close can you get to them? It seems fairly, but IME (as expected) they tend to be fairly protective.

Also as far as food - Mz.Etrigone's family used to raise ducks and they'd go nuts for snails. A neighbour had them infest her garden and would toss loads over the fence for the fucks (with permission). The ducks would hear her & gather right under the dump spot, waiting for the rain of mana from heaven.
How can he stand this? It would be terrible. To have something that cute paddling around and not be able to go up and cuddle and hug it ALL THE TIME!
Yea it feels like its been two years
Adorable
Genuinely. What do they eat in an enclosed pond?
Omg I could have sworn that was 2 months ago...what is time anymore? 

Ps- congrats to your dad on the new ducklings!
That little astroturf landing pad someone made and put there melts my heart!
This makes me really happy. Thank you.
I just moved to a house on a small pond. We have Muscovy ducks here. One day 10 baby chicks appeared. So cute to see them following their mother around. A day later, there were 9. A week later, 5. Today we haven’t seen any. ☹️
Made me smile in those sad days - thx :)
I love them!!
Lucky ducks!
Our friends had this same situation. The next year they returned with 1,000 friends.
Peas are good, they love peas.
That’s garden sound so relaxing. Birds, water and ducks quacking. Love it.
I’ve been watching a lot of House Hunters and Love It it List It so I imagine the duck realtor saying “Its the perfect place to raise a family.”
Damn. This is a luxury spa for ducks.
This is a beautiful family and a beautiful pond!
This is peaceful and calming
Awwwww they are so adorable!
Rip to his clean pond. Those fuckers are gonna fill that thing with shit. 

Also if he plans on putting food out, put it away from the pond with a separate water source
Thanks for the update OP
the circle of life

cuteness galore :-)
I love this so much.
Don't forget kids. No bread for duck only lettuce and things like that
Thanks for the update! I was thinking about those ducks the other day.
Have any of them given you advice?
One interesting thing I noticed is that the father duck never went for the food you tossed unless it was close to him. He stayed back, and watched over the ducklings. Only mom duck went out for the food. Ducks are so smart, and protective
It's good to be in something from the ground floor
I love your dad!
These are the updates I long for. Thanks for sharing!
I remember that post. Looking good, OP.
That was only two weeks ago? Fuck.
Op is right. I am happy to know this.
God Bless your dad❤️❤️❤️❤️🦆🦆🦆🦆
QUACK
Congrats! The ducklings are likely to come back next year to have their own offspring.
Love this, I need some wholesome news. Thank you!!!
Duck paradise!
This is the cutest thing I’ve seen all day.

Hurray for your Dad’s pond!
What city are you in?  I wish I had ducks wander onto my property.
This is so cute! And that backyard is gorgeous. I would sit out there all day. If I dress like a duck will your dad adopt me?
When they decide to leave, your Dad is going to pass out from an anxiety attack.
Where is this?
I fucking love ducks
Ive replayed it a few times. Super relaxing.
I’m hatching an abandoned cluster right now! 10 more days till lockdown!
this is awesome
How lovely you should do the live Reddit sub
Awwww, I LOVE DUCKS!!
I love this so much.
You know what? I AM very happy to know this! Thank you for the update!
It looks nice my uncle had this happen to him ,however, he had to shoo away the ducks as their droppings have disturbed the beauty of
wont the ducks eat your fish?!
Thank you for the update!  🙂
It’s missing a sign saying: Duck Pond
Congrats on that back yard!
Mallards <3  such beautiful ducks I’m melting
This is super cool and now I need some ducks in my life 🦆
Thank you, nice to see that
How cute!!!!!!!!!!!
Thank you for the update, you are spreading kindness across the world!
Thanks so much for posting this. So sweet and peaceful.
OMG those are the luckiest ducks in the world.
I teach at a high school, and about 15 years ago my classroom overlooked a courtyard that was completely enclosed on all four sides. Each year for three years a duck would come in and have her babies. The secretarial staff would put a plastic kiddie pool out for them. She stayed with them until they were finally big enough to fly out. 
Anyway, we were on the third floor and each day my freshman loved to look at them. But each day, there’d be one or two less that we could see. There was some pachysandra, so I just told them they were hiding in that. I hadn’t the heart to point out the hawk that was sitting on top of the building picking them off one at a time.
Does he have fish in the pond how do they feed
Why did I read 2 ducks ago before even seeing the word duck
Ducks like tomatoes , too. When I fed my ducks, I would hide the tomato bits under their feed, but they got smart and would dump out the feed and go for the tomatoes first. I loved them so, they would wag their little feather butts when they saw me .  That was years ago, they don’t live long enough, I miss them so much.
He built that AstroTurf ramp for the ducklings 😄♥️
Lucky ducks!
Thank you
if you feed the ducks, it's no wonder that they'll come back
ducks activate my sleeper agent dual personality
That’s how The Sopranos started
This is the best Reddit sequel-post I've ever seen.
You're dad must be over the moon when they moved in and then nested
Your dad is the bestest duck dad.
That garden is nxt level
I *am* happy to know that!
I AM very happy to know this 😊 thank you.
That little duckling when the koi comes up to eat, hahaha I love the reaction
This update is very cash money of you
One feels like a duck splashing around in all this wet!
If this was the place I died in, I'd be okay with that.
THEY ARE MALLARDS!!!
Location location location or quack quack quack
I love all of this so much
I want a ducky pond
Your house and family is blessed by nature. :)
Okay how can I get two ducks to do that In my garden. Please tell me 😂
Can your dad adopt me?
7x7x7x..... good luck in the next few years.
What do they do when your dad mows the lawn, do they freak out and hide?
We had a geese couple lay their eggs really close to our backyard. We were really excited and my girls (5 & 2) kept asking about baby geese and momma geese and this morning I found out that someone broke their eggs (found one while walking the dogs). Needless to say the geese just left and it's been over 20 minutes now. I am heartbroken and mad that I do not know who did this so that I can whoop their ass
How deep is this pond? I am planning on building one but the ones I usually see are shallow.  Usually no ducks just KOI LoL
I was actually wondering about this the other day!!! They are precious!
What are you feeding them? Crushed up ramen noodles?
Such a lovely pond and family! ♥️
What an awesome gift from Mother Nature! I don’t think I’d ever grow bored of watching my duck neighbors from the window!
This is the definition of wholesome
Simply spectacular!
OMG I thought the fiah were gonna just eat all the baby ducks for a sec 😭
That was relaxing
So cute
Congrats! Thanks for the update!
0:31.....the reason the ducks like this pond LOL

(Great vid)
BABIES
Why yes I am happy!

Thank you!!
Aw, that´s such a sweet scene, thank you for sweetening our days in such bitter times. The statues of Enlightened Ones give a special Shangri-la touch to it! Blessings to your noble dad and you, stay safe everyone!

One of my favorite Bacharach songs from that blessed 1973 movie:

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4K8xxj4D08](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4K8xxj4D08)
We're all trapped in quarantine and HBO is free, so I've started watching The Sopranos for the first time. Man these ducks really hit home...
Love the little loner who hangs out on the opposite side of the pond from their siblings.
Adorbs!
So adorable! How long does the family usually stay there each year?
What would it take to set this up as a seasonal webcam?
This is adorable 😍 and beautiful pond!!
Quacktastic!
I don't want to do this but I kinda want to

https://youtu.be/6k01DIVDJlY
Made my day seeing a follow up to the initial post. Thanks OP and your pops for sharing.
And maybe a half camera underwater feed
It’s so odd you can see the inner dna of dinosaurs through birds with their behavior but some birds like ducks seem more like dogs and other animals with souls! Good stuff!
Thanks for the update
Lucky ducks
Tony Soprano in shambles...
Thank you for update
My dad makes me chase the ducks away from our pond
Your dad reminds me of Tony Soprano
The classic mallard reaction at work 🦆
If you featured this little family in an RPAN broadcast, a lot of people would watch!
I love this love story... and I love imagining some bougie-ass ducks hitting up the suburbs.
One little duck went out one day...
Is the water jet pushing the little ducks into the corner?
Remember when the mallard duck was a meme?
Do the ducks attack or are they friendly?
Might be missing a few if you have any larger Koi in there... Pretty amazing though. A mallard pair is gorgeous
Awesome!!!
That's so awesome!
This is some Tony Soprano shit
Livestream PLEASE
nervous koi
Wow I'm really poor.
I remember that story! This is so good to see!
I love the astro-turf! not in that way, you know what I'm sayin
Those babies are cute
This is the most relaxing thing I've seen in a while. I feel a small weight lifted off me. I look forward to putting that YouTube on and just chilling
That was only two weeks ago 🙃
We have a pool. Every once in a while a girl and boy will come and try to make a home.

We have a dog so it doesn't work out, but my dogs pretty chill and did swim with them for a bit one day and kept his distance
That’s a beautiful yard 😍
Is your dad tony soprano?
So glad I was able to see both videos! So cool!
This pool looks like chaos but I'm happy for everyone involved
Life is like a hurricane here in dad’s pond.
Dad project for the win!!
The update we all needed
Those ducks fucked
Smart ducks!
The ducks at the park are free
Cute, try some green peas see if they like em.
u/hardcoremax1 meets ducks the movie 2: 7 ducklings
Thanks for the update!
That made my solitary confinement day!
Reminds of Tony Soprano
Ngl, been waiting for this update. Thanks so much for sharing,your father is a wonderful man. This is a level of wholesome we can all enjoy.
Tony Soprano is smiling from heaven.
Thanks for the update!
Have you ever wondered where the ducks go when the pond freezes over?
Luvaduck!
I have a fairly okay sized pond, maybe 1/4 acre or something, and for two years we had a pair of ducks that would come visit and stay for a few days.  It was great, I could call and they'd come running for food, didn't mind me being close, that kind of fun stuff.

I wish I had put in a box to see if they'd nest, because that would have been amazing.  I had hoped they'd give it a go anyway, but I guess there wasn't enough shelter around.
I love ducks!

Be creative with spice:

https://www.allrecipes.com/article/best-duck-recipes/
Thanks for the cut and fluffy update, user **HARDCOREMAX1**.
If this would be my backyard, I could just sit there and look at this for hours.
Sopranos was the first thing I saw.
Ducks are truly so adorable. My friend had two male ducks since they were lil smol ducklings, but they looked identical and her family couldn’t tell them apart. 

This resulted in them both being named Paul.
nice
This is what we need right now 🐣🐥🦆.
Tony soprano would be happy
I remember you! Glad to see they're growing so healthily. Thanks for giving them a home dad!
Been feeling super crappy the past few days, and watching this legit made me feel better :) Thank you for sharing!
Do you know what the blue thing is on the duck that jumps out of the pond?
Wow they hit the pond jackpot!
i bet they shit everywhere
I was thinking about this duck yesterday, hoping her and her babies were doing well, lo and behold!
Subscribed to that channel!! Love
I imagine my life as a duck living there. Best duck life ever.
Not gonna lie i thought the fosh was about to eat the ducklings and it freaked me out lol
Part of the Soprano family I see....
Pretty secluded and safe place to raise a family
I was waiting for this update. Now I can die happy
The ducklings are so fast! <3
Blackbird in the background makes this perfect! xD
Thanks for the update!
Let me know if you need a recipe
That is the ultimate in relaxation, watching ducks and the fish
THIS IS A HAPPY DUCK. DO HOT DISTURB THE HAPPY BOI
Yay!
wow, thankyou, i love ducks
Tony Soprano would be thrilled.
Yes!!!
Ducktales a woo-oo!!
We had a mallard pair that came every year to swim in our pool.  They were nesting nearby but we never saw the babies.  What fun for your Dad!
He has a thriving ecosystem back there.
Don't let your dad get as attached to those ducks as Toni Soprano did.
ℯ𝓋ℯ𝓇𝓎ℴ𝓃ℯ 𝓁𝒾𝓀ℯ𝒹 𝓉𝒽𝒶𝓉
That's awesome. OP's dad must take pretty good care of his land if it's comfortable enough to persuade these two to raise a family there. I'm curious to see the rest of the yard.
Livin in the lap of duck luxury!!
This is the kind of closure I didn’t know I needed in my life.
Hey Tony!
Is it weird that out of all the bird noises, I find ducks quacking to be the most relaxing. Chirping and stuff are nice but if I had to imagine a tranquil scene it would be a still lake with just a few ducks swimming about with the occasional quack.
That was only two weeks ago?

It has felt like two months ago...
Omg yessss I’m so glad I saw this update!!!
What a nice family!

And the neighborhood is great!
If this was a live cam feed I'd watch it all day.
Thanks for the update man.
I remember seeing the earlier post. Thanks for the update.
If you build it, they will come.
LETS GOOOO
Lucky ducks..
THIS IS THE WHOLESOME CONTENT THE WORLD NEEDS. Thank you so much for this update.
This pond is amazing!!!
Okay, Tony Soprano
Awwww!
This reminds me of the tree in my back yard robin parents decided to lay eggs in. My cat has passed away since last year, so the bird life has been blooming there since then.
Thank you so much for the update!
Good for those ducks getting accommodations in these trying times.
isn’t this how The Sopranos starts...
Lucky ducks.
Ducks have their own oasis, nice.
I also have this, but with frogs 

Spring peepers
Lol so cute
This makes me so happy!!!!
Tony Soprano approves 👍🏽
Is your last name Soprano?
Greatest follow up post in the history of reddit
This is soo beautiful!!
I thought that big white fish was going to nom-nom the baby at first
Had some rescued ducks too,  snake killed mom while sitting on the eggs,  and i just kinda hatched  4/5 with candles in a dark cupboard,  sunlight.... 
Aww animals are amazing
Can we keep getting updates on this? I really enjoy this and want more!
Are there anymore goldfish ?
Did I hear 5 ducklings?

"Sliding 2 of them into my pocket"
The sound is so relaxing!
Is the dad the Mallard duck, and mom is the brown duck?
Paging /u/fuckswithducks
I love how your dad has added things to accommodate the ducks.  My dad did something similar with the mud martins (mud swallows) that nested on our front porch.  There is at least one pair that returns every year.  I know it can't be the same parents every time, but I figure maybe the offspring returns.  They seem to know exactly where everything is.
Fuck yeah ducks!
THEY CAME!!!
Please do everyone in your power to keep even the slightest sign of foxes away
I was just about to ask if he feeds them, and then he did and now I'm happy.
I want to come hang out on your garden
This. This is the only news I wanna see for the next few weeks. Thank you in advance
When your dad cleans the pond, do the ducks bother him?
I AM happy to know. Thank you for the update!
I think those little ducks could fall into that column of air bubbles and drown, depending on how much bubbles there actually are. If you know better then ignore this, but if you haven't heard of this phenomena please look into it. I don't want those poor duckos to drown :(
Omg those fish are terrifying!
Sopranos anyone?
how sweet this fam is
Bro this ducks smoth asf.
His duck girl: where we gonna go?
Duck boi: "I know a spot"
I needed to see this, thank you
Thanks for sharing something joyous and wonderful right now. Also, those blue feathers on the Mom(?) Are so neat. Also also, the koi and the ducks just peacefully coexist?
What a lovely and uplifting moment you gave me by posting this.  A brief respite from the world and it’s troubles. Thank you. 💗. I have saved it to watch again.
Is your dad Tony soprano?
OMG! One of my dreams just came true.. been waiting for the  update for that "lots of work" post ... Thank you!
Thank you for the update! Made my day!
So glad you posted this update!! Congrats on the new arrivals, they are adorable and so lovely to see the whole duck family just able to chill out in such a lovely setting 😍
This video is so calming
I want to hug them all
/u/OmarTheRedditBot puppies
/u/cutiepiedoris
I don't usually like ducks, and i'm not sure why but looking at your video gives me inner peace. Thanks op! And please throw them a handfull of frozen peas for me!
The pond is stunning!
massive fish, seems like a small area for them
Yaaaay, I love ducks, thanks for updating (:
I was just thinking about the original post! Thanks for the update, OP!
I usually getducks in my pond every spring, but they didn’t come this year 😢. We never got ducklings though. Your dad is so lucky.  Seeing this really puts a smile on my face.
Okay Tony Soprano
Those ducks found some luxury accommodations, that's for sure! Thanks for sharing this. I subscribed. 😊🦆
We have the same deal, but with Sandhill cranes. It’s been going on for about five years. First year was one chick, but since then they’ve had two chicks per year. It’s wonderful watching them grow up. Seeing them learn to fly, be taught their crane dances. And the eventual kicking out (off the property) of their kids.
when the koi came up to steal the ducks food at the end I was not ready for that level of action
What are you feeding your ducks, and damn that garden looks really luscious?
Don't let Tony Soprano see this!
Plz don’t put bunnies on their back!
Twidderpated those ducks.
This is the pilot episode of the sopranos
Find bill gates he is bad when u do block him
That made me so happy
That probably adds to this man's land value.
The "Verdunkeln!" one is really good to me right now. which is not great for your health anyway.

Privacy won't die unless you let it play out!) he would have lost a bet on it being legit scary as hell

3) Madubuike 4) Duvernay

5) malik harrison

I get that it happens, and he was willing to job as much as Witwer
Mallard
Cute
Thank you for posting this! I loved seeing your original post where your dad was prepping for them. This makes my heart so happy.
I would love to do acid and just sit in the tranquility watching the ducks all day.
1 little duck went to the pond
Then it went, quack quack.
2 little ducks went to the pond
Then they went, quack quack.
3 little ducks went to the pond
Then they went, quack quack.

Sorry I’ve been listening to too many children’s songs thanks to my brother.
This is the best! Thanks for brightening my day!
Sounds like your dads a sophrano
Yeeeeeees! I’ve been waiting for this update
Can you setup a livestream of them? It's for a friend.
This made me very happy
Oh cool, you can actually see ducks in this one.
Let’s hope they fly down to south Georgia for the winter :-)
Reddit loves a good follow through
Off topic but how much does it cost to maintain a pond like that?
Sweet
Sorry to be a bummer, but what happens if your dad moves away or something?
Omg omg omg THANK YOU!! I was waiting and waiting and I’m so ridiculously happy!!
I AM happy to know that!
I’m pretty sure this is how The Sopranos started...
Is your dad Tony Soprano?
aww I love the little astro-turf ramp
Thank you!
We are gonna need a live feed. I can donate a webcam if need be. This is beautiful.
I love this. Thanks for the update. Too cute and fun. What a nice family
This is so calming to watch
I should probably go outside at some point today
u/vredditdownloader
How did they deal with people getting so close to them? Obviously feeding them as helped lol.
How do they feed them?
That is the most peaceful thing in the world right now. I could watch that all day.
I couldn’t upvote fast enough
Damn dude did I hear CCTV playing the background?
the eggiweggs are now duckywucks
How early do ducklings start swimming?
thats incredible man, great way to spend time in quarantine
Yup thank you for this. 
It’s what we all needed.
I bet your dad is proud of his ducks.
Looks cozy - and there’s no hungry pike in there :)
Yeah, ducks come over once a year as well, but for us it's at school and everybody loves them. :)
It’s stuff like this witch makes me say “aww”
Hello ducks. Also, Hello feesh.
This is the of updates I need in my life right now. Thank you!
That is so coool
Thank you so much for these updates. My heart is so happy ♡
I love ponds and I love ducks, but I could never have any, my cats would eaaaaaat them
widepeepoHappy
"Stop shitting in my house!"

-Koi fish probably 


"Oh look, yogurt!"

-also koi fish
These are actually called Pond Cats
We're going to need a bi-weekly update going forward.  Thanks in advance!
Of course they come back every year, this is like The Four Seasons of duck ponds.  "No honey, I want to stay at the classy pond."
Is your dad Tony soprano?
I am now subscribed thank you! This makes me so happy
Been waiting for this
something something sopranos
I really want to build a pond like this in the backyard, but I'm afraid that my nephews and nieces to fall in
I appreciate your dad putting in thought about those stepping stones and little rest areas for the duckies. He should become a pro for this.
Your Dad has a beautiful set up,of courses the ducks had babies. Koi fish, a pond and a beautiful garden . Good job dad.  🦆🐟Aww!
We need a r/motherfuckingaww
At I one point I was scared that the giant Koi was going to eat that duckling.
Tony Soprano is jealous.
Yes! So glad I caught this on popular!
Seven ducklings   how wonderful , you guys are so lucky to experience the wonder of nature. I am so looking forward to the next video. THANK you so much for being great stewards of our planet and protecting the innocent
The C section must have been a nightmare!
I don’t know if it’s already been said but you should do a live stream on r/pan or YouTube. 

Awesome.
Am Hawk, would please like coordinates
Just started rewatching the sopranos today. Reminds me of the pilot episode with Tony and his ducks in the pool!
This is the cutest
Koi will eat anything.  It looks like the ones in the little pond there aren’t quite large enough to inhale them but....
Koi be looking at those little ones going, "Yeah, I could go for a little change of pace and have some poultry..."
Looove this!
My family owned ducks growing up, and I remember that they really liked to eat romaine lettuce, woodsorrel, and dandelions!
Your Dad’s name wouldn’t happen to be Tony by chance?
Between the aesthetic and the background sound, I could watch a 24/7 livestream of this.
Ducks really are the best aren’t they?
Yay!!
Your fathers back yard is lovely. It must have taken years and tons of work.
Is your dad Tony Soprano? I feel like your dad is Tony Soprano.
That’s amazing! Two ducks chose my parents’ pool as their new home and one of them must have IBS because they dropped stinky bombs al over the backyard. We had to nuke the pool with chemicals because they turned it into a poo pit :(
If i were a duck I would pick your dads pond too
I wonder if the darker head babies are the males
Fantastic!
ducksbedonya comrade
God damn this is a peaceful video.
Oh my gosh.......that is the coolest, cutest thing ever!!
I knew your dad was Tony Soprano!!!
The more the merrier.
So awesome, your dad is a legend
Aw!!  I love them all so much. And you. And your dad! This is beautiful!!
Upper class ducks
This is so freaking cuteeee 🥺.
The ones at work are aggressive little monsters when food is around, I feed them in an attempt to keep them from stealing food from the stray cats I feed. The ducks (been feeding them for 5 years) are very food driven, they know me and I can drive up in a rental car and they still come running to get feed. 

It seems food puts them in to a frenzy, they go bonkers.

Those chicks grow up fast, soon they will be feathered puppies. It seems about the time the mother starts to leave them but they still hang out together that they are most puppy like. They are all feet at that stage too, hopefully they'll hang around for a bit before taking off.

Someone at work tried getting duck food, but they like my cat food more. Its high protein and small so its easy for them to eat, can't say its the best thing for them but these guys have been thriving on it for years,

One thing I noticed, they love to eat in the grass; my guess it is the hunter in them like looking for bugs to eat.
Thanks for following through!
This is so beautiful!!  Your Dad is sending great great energy out to the Universe- Way To GO!!
Is your dad Tony soprano?
Yes! Thank you for the update!
Tony Soprano wants to know your location.
Nice pond.
Thanks for the update!
Ah little sweeties. That’s adorable.
That's some good eating!  ;)
I saw your last post so I'm glad I caught this one. Where abouts do you live? I wish them the very best of luck flying south this year.
Is anyone else totally dumbfounded as to how that post was 2 weeks ago? Does time even exist in a pandemic???
LOVE IT. Had ducks do the same thing for 3 years... then they did not come back the fourth year... but was adorable while lasted.
That drake is a wall hanger
Very clever and thoughtful providing the AstroTurf duck ramp.
Is your Dad Tony Soprano?
Cool
Saves
Just followed you cause I love these so much
Oh I love this so sweet and peaceful looking.
So adorable! And that a gorgeous pond.
Landscape is  a 10 in such a small space.
Oh my gosh! I'm so excited about this! Look at them go!

Your dad set everything up so perfectly! No wonder they come back every year. Aw.
humanity working!
do koi fish and ducks go well together?
Cant wait to blast them in the wetlands this fall.
That’s a beautiful pond 😍
Their own little paradise. So cute!
Too old to be a duckling, quack quack
What do they feed on?
This is great news
Never do favors for ducks.
Tony Soprano would be proud!
"Ducklings"
"Too old to be a duckling quack quack!"
And also two baby duck corpses he didnt mention.
They are living the high life thats forsure.
I only question, will those ducklings ever learn how to hunt ?
Is your dad Tony Soprano?
This gives me inner peace.
Awesome, that’s a high end home for ducks...!
2 ducks have made the back yard of my parents' their nesting ground for years. It generally retains water in the spring which must appeal to them.. I named them Rose and Bernard ages ago. Best of luck to your family of ducks.
Ducking hell, them fish'll have a duckling for a snack!

p.s. ducking was autocorrect but if feels appropriate so I left it.
This is the most relaxing backyard scene. 10/10 could watch all day. Your dad must be a sweet soul.
Oh my god their lovely, stupid little fucking faces. This is gorgeous. Bless you and your dad for giving them all a safe home. There's even a wee platform for them to hop up onto. I love it.
R/ponds baybeeee
Well thank you. I am, in fact, very happy to know this. ♥️
[ooohhh duckling](https://youtu.be/NlSpQzJOzYw)
The Koi at the end lol

“Can I...........Can........UGH.......fuckin MOOV...” *glarb glarb*
Is your dad's name Tony Soprano by any chance?
Oh duck.
This makes me so happy. Thanks for the update.
Nice
Just don't tell Tony Soprano.
The world needs more of this right now. Thank you.
Feed them corn, no bread.
