Loved how he sat up when he heard your name and was genuinely excited and proud when he saw you.
Is this Spokane? Thought I heard something about the Garland Theater. Wasn't expecting to see my city on here, haha.
This made my heart happy
Man this guys looks like such a dad... the world needs more dad dads
Where's the trivia? Monday what time? I'll be there (online), if you tell us where.
This is the kind of wholesome we need
This reminded me of my dad. I lost him when I was 27 and today at 32 is the first time I really really really miss him. Hug your dads, folks.
There’s no better feeling as a parent than to watch your kid killin it. It’s awesome. Your dad is SUPER proud of you (and your mom is, too)!
I want more stuff like this on this sub. Don't get me wrong I love animals but seeing wholesome reactions like this are really heartwarming.
Your dad is adorable 

Also orange fur-babies!! That floofy tail!
What for ?

Edit: ok that is an amazing feat you have done
Um, cats are extra
Even your kitty was excited to hear your name 😻
I think i love your dad, can he adopt me?
That's real happiness 🙂
Duuuude, the way his head just pops up when he hears a name he knows too well. I can't!
That’s a proud Papa bear right there.
I love how much your dad loves you!! Those little victory punches. My heart. Aaaahhhhh
Even the cat is proud.
I really wish I can one day experience the joy this man is feeling. The pride and joy is probably worth the countless years of hard work and suffering it is to bring a human into this world.
Your pops is awesome!! All the love!
Your dad is adorable, and you sound like an awesome person. He's clearly so proud of you.
Love the cats lying around in a coma 😁
As a father of daughters, I totally understand this feeling. It made me tear up watching this. What  a beautiful thing. :)
Awesome.  I hope your dad is there to enjoy your accomplishments for years to come.
Awww. That’s sweet.
So sweet. He's so proud!! Also yay for being on the news!! That's so cool!
I went back a few times and watched the double take he did when he heard your name.  So funny.  The cat also woke up when he leaned forward.

This is so uplifting
I like your pops get him to lose a few lbs so he can stick around longer.
Dude, you gotta love how he goes from: “This’s...really boring,” to: “Wait, ‘s that mah daughter?! News just got very interesting.”
Trivia question - Who's proud of this daughter?

Answer - THIS GUY!

So cute.
how tall is he?
Worlds best hype man
Cat tax please
The way he just lit up when your name was mentioned ❤️
Hey, I grew up in Garland! Texas right? Downtown Garland theater! Good to see someone doing great things there.
Shit, all these posts I see like this make  me happy that there are great parents out there. I don’t get to have experienced like this. My parents were cold and uncaring. Power and control is everything to them. Dad definitely has a personality disorder. 

I love seeing parents like this and try really hard to emulate this my 2 kids. My wife and father/mother in law are such great examples as well.
Oh my God, I love him.
The cat is just chilling on the couch
Dad-daughter relationships are so special, I love you watching my husband be a girl dad!
This was so cute.  What a good dad.
Dads can be real awesome sometimes. When I was struggling to finish my last semester at university, my mom told me how my dad would call her from work and start talking about how proud he was of me. I tell ya I’d be way worse off in life if it weren’t for his constant faith in me since I was just a kid
I like your chill cats.
Hell yeah, buddy of mine who MC’d my favorite college trivia game (which since leaving the state I haven’t been able to be a apart of) has begun Zooming trivia (off the books from his backing company) and it has made this whole covid thing a million times better. So that’s exciting to hear you doing the same thing, and definitely so nice to see your dad proud of you!
"That's my girl"

Weird right as he said that someone started chopping onions near me
"Thats my girl" - best compliment a parent can give
Yo man, this video made me happy too, but tell Dad he's gotta lose some of that extra dad. :(
I don't mean that in a mean way, but that shit kills man.
Much love
[removed]
[deleted]
Give that man a hug
It is always great to see your children succeeding at what they love!!!  I wish your next trivia night to be fun and profitable. :)
This is awesome.
Despite the parental bias, you sounded good!
If u don’t mind me asking what we’re you on the news for?
Shut up, you're crying
That made me so happy. My dads passed and I love seeing moments like this. ❤️ thank you.
This would also be good to post on r/mademesmile
10/10 dad reaction

"that's my boy/girl" is maybe the best thing a human being can hear about themselves
Don't take this wrong, but I love your dad.
I love wholesome black dads SOOO much
‘That’s my girl. Ha Haaaa!’ This is perfect.
I love this so much. Just unconditional excitement.
So sweet! “That’s My Girl!” Being lived is the greatest miracle.
Passively listening to news.

Hears daughters name

**Actively listening to news**
Staying away from father..
One day just want my father to be this proud/happy for me.
That’s one proud papa.  Verklempt.
[removed]
I know you might not read this, but I hope you do. 

Cherish that man. 

There’s so much pride in his eyes and his actions. I can guarantee there’s nothing more in this world he loves than his child / children. 

You can’t fake emotions like that. 

He’s so damn proud of you, it’s crazy heartwarming to watch.
Diabetes though,  right? :(
Lot of asshole keyboard cowards commenting in this one.
[removed]
They chill with their humans, and your dad looks like a good dad😀
Proud papa
Your dad loves you so much 😭❤️
this made me smile..adorable reaction!
Made me smile. Thanks for sharing. Seems like an awesome dad and friend.
Your dad is a gem!
This is so sweet. Look how pleased he is! Love this.
Proud papa
That had to be one of the most genuine smiles I have seen in a long time. That was one proud papa
This made me feel so good!
So awesome!
Hes so proud its palpable
Man this made me miss my dad. I’m so glad he’s so proud of you. 

Also dang, I wanna do trivia!
r/wholesome
Garland Texas?
i like how he wipes his face to see if what he’s seeing is true
You have a wonderful dad!
This is the best!
That's beautiful.
thats a happy papa
Proud Dad!
What a proud papa!!
Awesome
Proud dads are the best dads. Cuz I am one
I wish my dad was like this. So awesome.
I’m so proud of you too now!!! Hug your dad for all of us please
I have tears
I love this
I like how even the cat is excited and turns to watch
Sounds like he did a great job raising you and is proud of the things you do and to be your dad !
This warmed my heart. Thank you
Pure love ❤✌😁
That's a proud dad :)
This just made me feel good inside
Even the cat is suprised
Proud papa!
Even the cat reacts!
Love seeing black dads! Keep making him proud sis. ❤
Bruh even the cat looked up.
Washingtonian here too! He looks like a wonderfully proud Dad!!
His joy is really infectious
Your dad reminds me so much of my dad. Big cute sweetheart that's proud of his kids. This made my heart happy and we're so lucky to have them
Hey, I love your dad.
CAT
That's a nice dad.
Proud papa!!! Love it!
He went from "I'm not sleeping" to spit-take in a second! Very nice.
So many happy tears. This is a beautiful thing
The link to the news
https://youtu.be/VbUuB1aN2DA
That’s so precious. He looks so proud of you. Hope you and your family are safe, OP!
YEET!! +1000 for making pops happy.
That cat knows the deal too. Its ear flicked the moment she talked.
Anyone also noticed the cat also perked up once the reporter said her name?
The punches tho
As someone who lost her father to cancer 10 years ago and lost her mother to cancer 3 months ago.
Really brings a year to my eye, I won't have a reaction from anyone like that for any future major achievements.

Thank you for capturing this precious moment. I wish you many more moments to make your parents proud.
When I saw the title, I really wanted to hear 'That's my girl!'

Was not disappointed, thanks for sharing. ❤️
News "And suspect is still at large..."
Dad "Ye ye ye yeah!"
Damn. Wish I had a dad so he could be proud of me like that.
What a lovely guy. But to be honest, he's seriously overweight and I worried about his life
That moment when he hears your name has some serious meme potential
I love this so much I actually cried. Being a parent does weird things to your heart. Thank you for posting!!!
I love this so much.  
Truly precious.
Time to sort by controversial. I'm grabbin' the popcorn.
Sweet
Right in the good feels.
*happy dad noises* <3
*parental love intensifies*
Thank you for the smile I had :)
Cat: meh, I've done better.
Omg he's amazing
I love this so much ❤️ and that happy dance!!
Damn I think I've waited my whole life to see my dad have that kind of support and pride in something I've done, definitely something to be appreciated and remembered.
Cat not caring is very on brand
He seems like the sweetest
That fist pump, he's real proud of you ♡
Such a proud Dad!
This is very precious. Thank you for sharing!
I hope I can make my dad this proud when he comes back from buying cigarettes.
Garland, Texas?
I love you dad!
A proud father.....can’t relate
This is so awesome! What a great family!
He did that Halo position shift
On the news for what
Girl, i don’t know who you are but your voice sounds exactly like mine. It. Is. Trippy.
Kitties! Adorable dad! This video has it all!
I'm also loving the cat who does not give a damn.
That’s so sweet thanks for sharing. I was really angry earlier and this made me realize how things like this are what’s important. Hope that makes sense.
Omg I love that they have two ginger cats 🐈
That is so cute and awesome!!
This makes me happy
He was beaming. So cool.
:)
Just curious, but why were you on tv?
I can make out what you say but apparently not enough
Oh my god that is so touching lol, your dad had a face of pure happiness and pride!! Thats my girl! :)
I think all dads own Russel T-shirts
Your Dad is the kind of father mine was. He's been gone almost 20yrs, but this reminds me of how proud he was of our accomplishments. Cheers to y'all, and best of luck with your trivia!
You have to watch it with sound. When he goes, "My girl!" the tears jumped out of my eyeballs.
My video froze the first time I watched it but audio played. It honestly looked like he stonecold didn't even blink when he heard her name/face. I couldn't help it, I just laughed so hard. 
Then I rewatched it with working video, and I felt the feels. 
What an emotional rollercoaster guys.
Its the little things that get us dads hyped AF.
r/mademesmile
The Bon Bon! I was hoping to possibly go your trivia nights before this happened! Absolutely love the Garland!
Your dad is adorable. He dads really well.
So good, dude. Wow ... I needed to see this more then I thought. Thank you, I'd award you if I could man... Just know from an unknown who doesn't matter much, this meant alot to me seeing your dad like that. I don't even know why.
Heck yah trivia! What a proud dad :)
Can you link me that couch. It looks amazing
You live in WA? I heard Inslee. Haha I am in Lakewood
Did you smuggled drugs
Cute yellow kit cat too
I watched this 4x in a row, despite not knowing you, and was so transfixed, so proud of you, so touched & so teary. The way your dad popped up, said, "My girl!" and pumped his fists with excitement...ugh, my heart....Thank you for sharing.
I felt this. The day I had my first small interview for this food show they love to watch they recorded it and re watched my part quite a bit. All my family freaked out about it and were so proud of me
This warms my heart in such an indescribable way. This is so wholesome. You are so lucky to have such a loving and proud father. I love that this moment was captured with all of m heart. I could watch this for hours. There is so much joy and love captured, and the world needs more moments like this. More relationships like this. Make fathers like this. How lovely.
Even the cat started watching
When you see true joy and happiness, makes you feel good too!
My heart ♥️
I love this so much you have no idea, wait, you probably do lol. God bless
It’s the most selfless thing ever. Just to know you made it. That’s all he really cares about. What a solid family.
AWWW SO WHOLESOME! What a sweet relationship you all must have! ❤️ Thanks for sharing!
Gonna need you to give your dad a hug when you can. His pride and excitement are so wonderful!
This made my day, thank you.
This is so cute!
Damn, how tall is your dad? He looks like 7 ft tall sitting down
That's cute. Also the sleeping kitty.
This is gosh dang adorable. 

Also, I love the ironwork thingy on the wall above your dad's head and I'd love to know where he got it.
Is this what it's like having a father who's proud of you? This is adorable :')
Tell your dad I like his cats.
Bob Sapp needs to get back to fighting cans
I love the two kitties too
THATS OUR GIRL NOW 😭😭😭😭😭👌🏿
Cat didn't even flinch.
I do not know this man. I would die for this man
The little pops of ginger cat around makes this extra cute
I like this guy.
Made me smile so much.
What a wonderful man. This made my day.
Fuck Onions.
This makes my heart happy. Genuine.
That's so fucking sweet. All the love and health to your dad.
this makes my heart so happy
im saying this as a white teen, but god damn black people know how to have fun and when to be happy, they are so fun to hang out with some times, and as a guy who doesn't really go to church, i like how the African American community make going to church WAY more fun and engaging.
This Is So Cool! That He Like, WHAAAT? and then the momment of proud., i remember when i was on news first time  Because i handeled a guy who was just running thru my city and hitting people and kids, i stopped him and news asked me for an interview after that, after the incident so many people just said thanks to me because they where afraid if they kids where to meet that guy what would hapen and that nobody but me stopped him..
Spokane ?
Hey man that’s ok 💯❤️
Omg I love your dad that is adorable!
That couch looks comfortable af
I wish my mom felt this way about me
Man this is LOVE ! Amazing CONGRATULATIONS 🎊 What a beautiful family!! 

I’m going to sound salty but I was on the news and even got to do an interview with Telemundo in Spanish. Showed my dad and filmed reaction. He said “Chevere” basically “Cool”. I was shocked like wow dad. Really? That’s it. 

Anyways I wouldn’t wish my dad’s reaction on anyone. This is really awesome your dad  is genuinely so proud of you ❤️
I got the same walker while I recover from Achilles surgery!
Aww! That's the best. I miss my dad now... Give yours a big hug next time you can.
This is adorable
such a proud papa<3
Happy tears 😭😭😭
That's the first natural smile I've experienced in days, I'm pretty sure ☺
He seems like a great father!
Nothing gets me choked up more than proud parents :’)
My camera froze, so for a time I thought this was a picture of him having no reaction whatsoever
He is so proud! Your dad is just the sweetest. This video gave me so much joy. I wish my parents were more like yours.
I miss my dad.
Greetings from Pullman since I heard this was in Spokane!
Your dad is proud af!
I was just thinking about how down I am that my dad doesn’t get to see my new apartment (no roommates!) or my new promotion and how great I’m doing at work. He took his own life 7 months ago and it’s hard not getting to share these accomplishments. But seeing this video, reminded me of exactly what my dad would’ve done. Thank you :) and good job!!
A dad chilling with his cat on a sofa while watching his kid live on the TV. What more could any of human beings want?
what were you in the news for, if you don't mind me asking?
Actually put a smile on my face 😄
I hate being judgemental
I remember the time we were put in newspaper about not wanting to demolish field we used to play football(soccer) for parking. 

I was about 7. It was very little article about this, but damn seeing picture of yourself in newspaper hyped all of our group up for months!

Now thinking, parents were the ones to first make fuss about it for news to come, but the kids were the ones who got published!!!
That did not make me teary-eyed. It made dust get in my eyes and then my nose started running and I got a hiccup all at the same time.
This is the sweetest
I freaking love this
Ur dad looks like Shaq
My heart- This is so wholesome !
I'm ngl, this made my day <3
Such a sincere reaction.
Off topic: where’d you get the fixture hanging above the couch? My grandmother had one just like it and I’d like to get one.
This is what winning looks like
Ohh those fist pumps were so proud and happy! I’m so glad to have seen this!
I love this! He's so proud!
Happy dad noises!
That is a proud dad.
This made me happy
Can we get a photo of that cat please? I see ginger feets!
The little dance he did
He looks so bloody proud of you! ❤️
This made my so happy.
That little dance healed my soul
wholesome news
This man is wholesomeness incarnate.
This is so pure
Is this KHQ in spokane? I recognize the weather girl voice lol
"my girl"

Ohh my heart
What’s with your dad and being an awesome human?
I think I have that same flooring!
what a cool dad!
Omg, wish I had a dad like that. So heart-warming ❤️❤️❤️
Love your dad. Looks like a lovely man.
Very cute, I'd love to meet him and those two beautiful ginger kitties also!
The world needs this wholesomeness right now
So wholesome
Those are 2 super relaxed orange tabbies in that guy's living room
You should crosspost this to /r/mademesmile it is the first post I saw this morning and it made me smile.
that was pretty cute \*little dance\* "that's my girl!"
The cat perked up as well 😂
I see cat in background, I upvote.
I’m crying too, your dad is so sweet
Plot Twist: on the news for DUI.

Kidding, congratulations!
I'm an icy, cynical asshole and this made me tear up.
This is awesome!! 
But Damn I miss my pops.
That was heartwarming af
Your father and I share the exact same laugh when we see our children do something badass. I am 26. Have a goddamn platinum.
[removed]
Adorable. Thanks for sharing. Love the trivia and the kitties too
Aww this made my day!
Your Dad is so proud of you. He’s awesome. You’re awesome. Awesome!
This is the most wholesome thing I’ve seen in a while
Aw such a proud dad. So fucking wholesome.
I’m not crying, you’re crying!
Awwww he is so proud!!! That was beautiful! Thank you for sharing :-)
Such a cute video and such nice parents. I love how the cat also propped its head up to watch tv!
Your dad really is America
Your dad needs to lose some serious weight or he wont be watching the news for much longer.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Am I the only one who finds this man cute?
Wish he was my father
I couldn’t turn it up loud enough to hear.  Was his child being interviewed by the news because they are a physician or nurse.
Thank you for sharing this moment.
[removed]
I wish him the best of luck in getting his weight down soon. <3
[removed]
Maybe it was some dust but he totally wiped a tear! This is so cute.
So wholesome! I love you and your family. Take care.
Awww that was awesome 👏
This is the sweetest and best thing.
What a great dad! Thanks for sharing this. It made me smile.
so. sweet. omg
This made me teary-eyed, so sweet!
That's what a good dad looks like!
This is so wholesome and wonderful.
You can hear the pride and joy in his voice, it makes me smile so wide
His so precious and made me happy. 
Can he adopt me? I want a dad like that
 lol even the cat is watching your dad be proud of you.
I aspire to wholesome be like your father
Omg this is adorable!!!
Your dad is adorable, and this made me miss my own father. Thank you so much for sharing! It means so much.
Awwww he's so happy!  Seems like he loves you very much!  :)
doesn't get any better than that
This man is an absolute unit
The kitten that looked up too 😹
This is so wholesome :) when my dad saw me accidentally on the news he just commented that i looked like his brother if he were a young midget so our mom made him wear a potato bag in the house for a week
[removed]
Wholesome af, and I welcome it with all the garbage going on. That is one proud papa.
This is absolutely adorable
That is so awesome
Such a proud poppa. I love this!
This post made my day. Thank you
So sweet, dad is so proud of you!
“My girl” oh my god my heart has completely melted. I hope you know how lucky you are!
Posts like these make me wish that we could upvote more than ones
This touched me way more than I expected after reading the title. Proud father right there with fist pumps and all.
I love this.
Awww this made me so happy! He is so proud of you💜 my dad was the same way with me!
he seems like such a nice guy...damn I wanna meet him
Plz don’t check
Damn, your dad and my dad could be interracial twins
As the father of a 6 month old little girl, I get all the emotions he’s feeling and my daughter can’t even sit up consistently yet lol. Fatherhood is an emotional roller coaster that no one could’ve prepared me for.
Your dad seems sweet!

Off topic, but where can I get a couch like that? I would love to have something that tall!
That is so adorable, he is so proud.
actually made me go awww
Your dad is sweet and has some nice orange kitties too!
I bet that feels great to see your dad so proud of you. So pure. So cool that the moment was captured.
Yay go Jasmine
Well now I want to see this segment!!
I love when Dad’s are like this.
Cats could care less.
Lmao that dance
What where you on the news for?
awww!
That’s so beautiful
so cool!!
That pride was something to see. So wholesome!
This gave me so many smiles! Thank you for sharing! Your dad seems like the sweetest!
The happy air punch and “my girl” got me. What an awesome Dad you have!
So sweet!
"I made this!"
This is the beauty I needed to see tonight. Thank you. He must be so proud!
Is your dad BadlandsChugs? The guy "Chugging the World One Bottle at a Time".
Gj, Jasmine.
Daww, even the kitty was proud!! This is so pure =,)
Lol he was sitting there heard her name and he like “ooh! what!?”
Nice.
Cat looked proud too
Sweet. He’s so proud of girl!
No offense but it’s so heartwarming to see how excited he gets for you.
I'm so envious. Congrats, and tell your dad he's awesome.
That’s awesome
He reminds me so much of my stepfather. Completely different "colores" yet such similar reactions. Interesting.
Aww hahah, so cute <3
Love the cats too!
Is there such a thing as second-hand pride?
Ahhh thanks for the daily wholesome
The timbre of this woman’s voice sounds like mine. Interesting.
This is adorable. Thank you!
I love that he was SO excited, but he expressed it with a quiet jubilance so he could still hear!
Right on!
Awwww, that’s the cutest sweetest thing I saw all day!!!
THats a big boy right here
The way he sat up because he couldn’t believe his ears haha
The wholesome content we need right now
That‘s adorable 😭
I’m happy your dad is happy, but I need more video and reaction from the cats
Very sweet. Thank you
Oh I love this; he’s so proud of his baby!!
dat my girl
D'aww. Proud papa.
This is so cute omg
makemesmile
Literally can't stop smiling. I love this.
This is so damned wholesome ❤️
The kitties are so cute
This is simply beautiful!
this is awesome
Link to the trivia?
Shout out DFW!
Your dad seems like a good guy
aww this is precious :))
What a proud papa. Love it.
Gonna need to see pics of that orange cat
That is one proud father! So amazing!
Quit making me cry!
Perfect proud dad moves
This is so damn wholesome
THATS A PROUD DAD
I lost my dad last year. This warmed my heart!
This what family is only people who get happy { genuinely} with your success not their { selfless love } 

Godspeed too all of you !
Well shit that makes me happy . Hard to do thanks
That’s so friggin awesome. Thank you for sharing!
Makes me happy :)
Was that a sniffle? God this warmed my heart.
That’s right!!!
Hahaa I love watching this stuff  :) always makes me smile
This is so sweet! Thank you for sharing this!!
I upvote any post with orange kitties in it but this story made my whole day ♥
spokane, washington? i live in moscow, idaho and go over there sometimes!
The classic dad face wipe
This made my day!
Context?
This is sweet. Even the cat woke up like oh that’s why she hasn’t fed me yet.
Omg jasmine your dad is adorable! You’re a lucky girl, and he’s a lucky pop. Stay safe, mama :)
Aww this is adorable. What a great dad...and mom for recording it. Made me happy!
Can he also be my dad? I love it
Thank you for sharing this made me feel better. You guys are awesome
I love this so much
Proud dad!! I wish he gets happy like that every damn day a dozen times a day.
r/happycryingdads
Everyone talking about the dad but the real MVP of this clip is the mom. She was able to capture this moment on video seemingly without any suspicion.
Animals are cute, but this is the type of shit that makes me actually go "aww"

This stuff is too wholesome!
This is the content the world needs right now. There’s nothing quite like feeling proud of someone or knowing someone is proud of you.
He’s so happy like a sport team won how wholesome
This actually made my eyes tear up!
Just the tear jerker I needed
Did he wipe a tear. Omg my heart
True love for real. He got up faster than I do when the delivery guy knocks.
He's so proud ❤
Cat. We need to see the cat.
What were you in TV for? Cute dad, he lives you so much 🥰
A fathers love is very strong. Unfortunately not always shown because society has told us to be tough and not show emotion. 

My son beat a boss after a week of trying on his tablet game and I hugged him tight and high fived and fist bumped. We love our children very very much.
"my girl!!!!" <3<3<3<3<3
Sitting here being jealous of the cat.. love that your dad is so proud of you!
So happy to see your dad rooting for you like this. Made me happy for you and also made me miss my dad more than usual.
Why were you on news?
Someone clip his reaction and meme it
May I ask why you were on the news?
Even a couple of bonus kitties!
This is so freaking cute!
This.  Lost my dad 8 years ago. Yours is a keeper 💕
So cute. He was proud of you!!
[deleted]
This is so wholesome. I love it
This guy looks like a great man. He looks extremely proud as well. Awesome.
Wholesome
This is so sweet
Your dad looks like a good dude
Your Dad's reaction is wholesome and all...but What's up with that gorgeous cat over there?
That is a proud papa. I love that he sat up as soon as he heard your name. And that proud laugh and cheering gesture is just icing. It make me so happy to see a parent so genuinely proud. I can tell he loves you very much.
Fuck yeah!!!
Holy smokes his face and reaction when he says “that’s my girl” I love it!!
This is the most wholesome thing, he is so proud of you! I love this!
This is the most emotional I’ve ever been over a random stranger over the internet. Like, I’m not crying or anything but my voice actually caught in my throat. This is awesome.
Thats so cuteeeeee
Pure pride
Your dad looks like he deserves ALL THE HUGS
Please give him one for me, (if it's medically safe to do so in these crazy infectious times)
That little jingle just emanates pure joy, I'm so happy for you!
This is beautiful.
makes me want to have a kid
Omg! 😭
The way his face lights up 😊
Everyone loved that.
This is so sweet
Damn he's not even my dad and this made me tear up.
Sat up so fast woke the cat up! Love seeing proud dads!
love the inclusion of kitty paws
I want to cry :’)
r/happycryingdads
Aww ❤️ and the cat hehe
I hope to make my father feel this way some day
Even the cat was shook
Made me tear up, loved seeing that
Oh my gosh it makes me happy seeing how happy he is about it!
So wholesome, I love this.
This is probably my favorite feel good video on the internet. Your dad seems like a sweet guy and great father!
That’s so sweet haha! He’s so proud!
Being a dad is the best!!!
This is wholesome af
I needed this
That's the definition of Dad.
Yep.  Instant tears from moi
I love his reaction!
Fucking awesome lol
I needed this OP. Thank you
HEY HEY HEY!
What a normal and wholesome reaction.
That is so wholesome
The cat only perked up because the dad moved. Lol.
I want your dad to be my dad.  How sweet!  He’s so proud of you!
I love how he's just excited seeing you on TV.
That big man’s happiness will get me through the next week! Hell even the month? Alright the year....
I didn’t really read the caption. Thought this dude really loved him some trivia.... until the “that’s my girl” part.
Blofeld.
Tear in his eye <3
Congrats on being on the news
He is so pure, I love him.
Memories of a healthy father, this video gave lots of feels.
This is some nice ass wholesome shit upvote is well deserved
Sweet papa!
I thought this was Shaq
I love this.
He's a big fan!
Wish I had a dad
That's so sweet
Dude, love is awesome.
A proud parent is an awesome thing to see (and be). 

Congrats!!!
My heart has melted
Let's go. Proud father = you made it.
Aww I love this! Proud papa, so sweet 🥰
I came here for an animal.
"My girl!"
Upvote for both your dad's reaction and playing trivia.
You have a beautiful house
The way he got so excited was so wholesome aaaaa >w<
Oh that’s so wholesome that makes me feel good inside.
Is that a Pearce shirt? PHS in Tx
I love everything about this
Nice cats you have there :-)
Great work Jasmine, we're all proud of you
Nice!
Omg
No one loves us like our parents. Blessed are you for having them in your life. Please be there for them.
Great smile
Awesome dad! 

Keep lighting him up with your accomplishments.
I literally said “awww”. This is awwwwwwesome
cat
Love ❤️
So adorable! He’s so proud!
Lovely! Love the two ginger cats I can see as well!
Love that
That’s so sweet!
Worst part about this video was it was too short:’)
yo the cats r cute
This is beautiful. Made me tear up.
Even your cat looked up
Jesús! The way he sat up when he heard her name. The pride is undeniable!!!❤️
LOVE
He's so proud! Look at him, he's so sweet. 

Well done you, congrats on being recognised as "knowing your shit".
There are like 70x70 Awws in this short video!  2 fluffy Ginger cats sprawled out over the whole place, your dad lights up like a NYC New Years party, and it's just SO sincere!  You are one lucky woman to have parent who are so proud of you!
That was just really beautiful. Thank you for sharing this.
Love a seeing a parent proud of their child. Never gets old.
He looks so much like my granddad, I miss him terribly... thank you for this vid

Also gotta love how the cat is also very engaged in watching news))0
Jhffvb
I love this ❤️
Yo this made my day
This is so heartwarming !!
Thanks for posting this warms my heart
What got you on the news?
Love how he perks up when he realizes his daughters name.
Your dad’s adorable!
Why were you on the news?
https://getyarn.io/yarn-clip/ef3ebe5a-6585-494c-88c2-8c443637cf60
 Pay Attention Test
I love this. Your dad’s reaction is so cute and touching.
He really said 😤😌
/u/ilurvbears, Why do you love your friend and co-worker Stephen and Why does [no one understand](http://garlandtheater.com/about/meet-the-staff/)?! :(
What are you on for?
He is so cute, I love him!
Awesome. Proud Dad. Way to go.
I hope y'all stay safe!
no one is looking at the cat.
Thank you, I needed this today.
So sweet.  And so nice of your mom to record his reaction for you
What I wouldn't fucking give for my father to be proud of me like that.

Jasmine is a really lucky girl and I hope she knows how much her dad loves her.
Awwwww...and he looks like he gives great hugs too.  :)
Then the TV says: "Dangerous serial killer on the run. Lock all doors and stay inside all times until the all clear has been announced."
That cat looks so content
I love your dad I wish our dads could be friends and cheer us on...... now to just find something he would be proud of me for...?
Lol
Test
That made me cry a little bit! Too sweet ❤️
Omg, just the cutest ❤️
He’s proud af
Trivia hosts gonna host. Been hosting my trivia for friends for the past month every Tuesday night. Keep up the good work, it is very much appreciated!
Doing stuff like this is honestly really important in the times we’re in so I’m glad the news is reporting on some of the brighter stuff that’s happening. A group of my friends recently made the news for planning a virtual commencement for our university. It’s important to stay connected with everything that’s going on so props to you for doing your part and That’s a great family moment
You're dad is a cool dude
How many cats do you have.
This was worth spending twenty five minutes of my time looking for cause I accidentally refreshed in popular and searching up mom gave very nsfw subreddits and news just gave the news
Aww, bless him! This made me tear up - I lost my dad almost 7 years ago and I'd like to think this is how he's looking down on me.
Bless that man and that family 🙌
the cat reacted as well... lolol
This is the best thing I'm going to see this weekend
He is going to talk about it.
The cat was interested too
You can’t fake true happiness and love for your kids.
That was adorable! Best wishes
Oh my gosh. I usually don’t cry from videos online, but now I am tearing up quite a bit. Thank you.
What were you on the news for?
Adorable!
Someone didn’t play games on Windows
Cute
Proud dad
Dudes reaction put a huge smile in my face.
 This is adorable.
Aww
this is so wholesome
r/wholesome
You made your dad proud and I think that's something we always try to do for our dads.
Soo fucking wholesome :)
I love this <3
This is beyond adorable
Even the cat sat up like "Huh, Master?!"
These should also be watched when those guys feel low. I felt good watching this. Thank You
That is so sweet!  
And your dad has a really charming and happy smile. :D
Priceless.
That fist pumping was absolute fuc**** awesome,
This is beautiful
That joy is infectious, love it
Lol. Stay safe out there!
Beautiful clip!
This is the sweetest thing❤️
That moment when a father sees all the hope and dreams he's had in his child being fulfilled...
Awww proud dad!
That's so amazing to see. I think we can all hope that our parents root for us like that at some point in our lives. My parents are great and I hope one day I make them perk up like that and do a little jig! They probably did it when I was five, though.
congrats!!! this made my night even more happier
Awww super heartwarming!
So cute!
The reaction is priceless!!
I hope to make my dad this proud someday
I love him.
I love seeing a Dad's love for their child.
wholesome af, love it
Nice
Your dad is too pure for this world
Im gonna assume as the reporter?
Cool cat
The pride and love there is just what we need to see in these times thanks for sharing you have a lovely dad!
this is so cute
When your connection is so bad that you can t watch the video
Dude that cat in the background like(O)(O)
That ma gurl ha haa
Well that really made me smile this morning. Thank you.
Wholesome af
