I like how he immediately looks for more snacks!
[deleted]
He's not letting you sit by him for treats. The treats is for the rent. Its his land and he's your landlord.
I moved into a lot with protected gopher tortoises and a few live under the house. The oldest guy knows me now and will come over for fruit scraps too! Tomatoes and strawberries are his favorite and on any day I don’t have scraps I feel like the worlds biggest asshole.
wtf man.

i wish my house came with a box turtle!
That's his house. He's gonna outlive you buy yyyeeeaaaarrrrsss.
I grew up in Brooklyn, NY and my parents home has a backyard that, along with the three adjacent yards, is walled in so it’s private and there’s no access to the street. When we moved in in 1997 we learned from our neighbor that a male box turtle named Walter had been living in the back yards for at least 30 years. He is still alive and well. Every winter he digs himself into his burrow and every spring he emerges all sleepy and dirty. My sister recently gifted my parents a female box turtle named Manuela, and she and Walter have been very excited to meet one another. Hopefully they’ll soon have a little backyard box turtle family in the wilds of Brooklyn.
200 million years, turtles have been waiting for intelligent apes to sit and feed them blueberries...
Idk your region, but down south you can tell the male from female box turtles by the pattern on the shell and color of their eyes. Dark Brown eyes like these most of the time mean female.
This right here! Thank you for sharing and thank you for being such a good steward.
 Box turtles are one of my absolute fave animals. In my experience, because the hint and forage by sight, they really like red foods (if you needed more snack ideas!). And also, weirdly, parsley.
omg dudeeeeee hes so cuteeee

and by my name i think you could figure out that i love turtles

edit: this comment makes up 3/4 of all my karma, did think saying a turtle was cute would get me almost 650 karma
This is way cooler than the 6 pack of holiday Coke bottles I inherited when I bought my house.
he monch da blueberry
Oh, pardon me. Did you just realize that I am the curator of this establishment?
More booberries pleese
My uncle and aunt have a yard turtle. She mostly keeps to herself but will come say hey if you bear an offering of fruit.
Since they carry their houses on their backs they're seen across a range of traditions as a symbol of being home no matter where you are. May you be as home in your new house with your new friend
Okay, I need more turtle asmr videos!!! He’s so stinkin’ cute!!!

In the previous classroom that I worked in, the teacher would bring in her tortoise as pet therapy for the students. She would let us feed him romaine lettuce and it was the most satisfying crunch!!!!
Give him a worm & watch him turn into a mini raptor! I <3 box turtles.
What type of dog is this?
He is actually a she! Dark brown eyes are a giveaway. Males tend to have yellow/red/orange eyes.
what kind of camera you using?
Win Terry over with earthworms and tomato worms.
Has there ever been a u/SchnoodleDoodleDoo poem about a turtle? Here's hoping...
Dang that’s a solid bonus from a house buy. Noice. Bet he’s brought you more memories than the new house so far. Gotta love nature. Specially dem turtles!
Love it. I have an otter building a shelter in the river behind my house. Quarentine sucks but there is some enjoyment. Id probably miss out otherwise on even seeing the little guy.
The beginning of an adorable friendship!
So cute but watch out for that chomper and keep pets away. He could slice and dice if he wanted!
I had a box turtle growing up.  He was totally cool.  His favorite thing ever was slugs, and earthworms.  He'd go for snails, but he knew if he just sat there and stared at it you'd break up the snail shell for him (so it was more like a slug), then he'd go after it.  Spoiled, spoiled turtle.  Quite honestly we assumed he was a he, we actually had no idea...
Let me pet him
I have a 60lb tortoise. We regularly take photos/video of him doing his thing because everything these dinosaurs do is hilarious. 

Here’s him hanging out with our toddler on a water blob.
https://i.imgur.com/clblhJ5.jpg
[deleted]
Really do love reptiles, this made me smile after a rough night. Hope you two have a great future
Awww i got the same exact situation but mines isnt as beautiful as yours and hes pretty boring lol!
I love boxers! We had 2 pear trees in our back yard and they would come out the woodworks to get fallen pears.
Turtles are definitely an underrated pet. They’re like badass tank dinosaurs and if you build up trust they can be pretty playful.
It deserves its own sub with daily turtle content. If you create it let me know what you call it so I can sub and waste time there.
My brother has a box turtle he got in 1968, She loves watermellon and cantelope.
My family's home "came" with a turtle/tortoise or two. They were lovely red footed tortoises, and now seeing this video, I miss them. :(

They've probably been in our area for years, and according to my parents they show themselves around every "so and so" years. 

Like they come, walk around our yard, eat our dog's food (I guess, we only caught them doing that once before giving them treats from our fridge), and then disappear for like a month to a couple of years.

Lately they have been straight up walking inside our house though. Well, depending on how old they are it's technically is their house at this point. We're just renters who built on their land lol

They just waltz in, eat our snacks, leave. Fascinating creatures.
*a wild box turtle appeared!* You used lettuce.
bruh my 2 comments make up just over 50% of all my karma
So cute! 🐢♥️
Aww! We had a big snapping turtle take refuge in the garden in our yard for quite awhile. He was badly injured, broken jaw, shell messed up. Poor guy. We helped nurse him back to health. Never even tried to bite any of us (and I have five younger siblings, so that's a feat). He stayed with us until he recovered, and then one day he just moseyed on back to the park down the street. I still think about him, even though it was like twenty years ago!
Awwweeeee. That's special. So exciting. They live a long time and are really smart. Make good pets. 


You are very lucky.


You could have years together.


Thanks for posting.🐢
Senator McConnell, your presence is requested in the Chamber.
Oh my god. I don't know why but I thought it was eating a snail at first and was so grossed out. I thought who treats turtles with snails?! 

But it's okay. I have now realised he's chomping on some bluebs. What a cutie.
Lucky you ! I love turtles
Isn't it called a tortoise if it lives on land?
So Mitch McConnell likes blueberries...
I also have a turtle that I inherited with our new house! He likes to take chomps out of all the strawberries in my front garden.
Wow, I didn’t realize Mitch McConnell liked blueberries so much.
What kind of dog is that?
I have one that moved into my
backyard a few years ago. I have an edible landscape and some raised garden beds and it really enjoys the fallen fruits and the creepy crawlers and just hanging out in these little depressions it made under the trees. It’s his home now.
I have a turtle too ! I’m 18 and she’s 38 and she’ll probably live longer than me. Her name is Gigi
Feed Mitch some lettuce.
[removed]
Is he a three-toe? We had one for 20 years who was a lot of fun.
Please please give Terry a strawberry or raspberry and upload the video .
I love Terry and turtles eating fruit. It is too cute.
So cool
That’s a cool resident you have!
Congrats! I got the Groundhog version when I bought my house
Check out what types of veggies are best too. There are a lot of vitamin dense vegetables that they go nuts for and it wouldn’t hurt to help him out in that way. Honestly, that’s so cool. What a fun inheritance for a yard.
please tell her i love her

also you can never move house now that’s the law
Turtle does ASMR
I love the wording in this title. I’m reading too much into this, but by saying “he lets me” you’re acknowledging this is the turtle’s space. Thanks for respecting nature!
Oh man make him a turtle sanctuary as part of the landscape! Theres mulch, water rocks, leafy plants (hibiscus) and you can set out a bench and solar lights!!! What a bonus!!
Turtles are awesome, almost as awesome as elephants!
Awww I love tortoises!!! I have a 6 year old Russian tortoise.
I have one living with me too. Feeding him is the highlight of my day most days. Such awesome animals.
OP, assuming nothing kills it, you should expect that turtle to come back year after year. I had one that returned every spring/summer for 7yrs because I would pick and pile up the wild strawberries when I saw evidence of its digging for grubs.
I bought a house, but it didn’t come with anything but spiders :(
Terry is adorable! I've had a box turtle for 16 years now, she looks just like Terry. She's been through multiple moves with me and I always build her a turtle paradise in the backyard with a covered enclosure to hide out and two water dishes for swimming and drinking from. 

Her favorite thing is earthworms from the fishing section of Walmart... But she also likes blueberries, raspberries, cantaloupe, grapes, oranges, baby tomatoes, carrots, squash, and spinach. Pretty much anything I try, she eats.

I initially named her Donatello, then learned that red/orange spots on the side of the head mean it's a girl, so she's Donatella now. 

Word of caution- they "brumate" which is kind of like hibernation for reptiles from my understanding. Not sure where you are located but if Terry goes missing for months on end starting around winter, don't worry yourself too much, he/she most likely just dug deep into the ground somewhere and will stay there until spring. When Terry reemerges he/she will probably be hungry AF.

I'm so glad you have a turtle friend! They are so awesome!
Ah man, I inherited a Russian Desert Tortoise in a similar way. His name was Fred and he was freakin awesome. Fred died but he was a friend. Miss him for sure.
I read "bought a horse" and was super confused on how doing so got you a turtle.
I think there’s something wrong with your dog...
OMG s/he’s super duper cute! I wonder if he was someone’s pet that escaped or was maybe abandoned?
If he/she sticks around your great grand kids will enjoy them just as you are.
Wow, he's really sticking his neck out to be with you.
"Your small blue offerings are...acceptable."
Little tommy terror eating his fruit like a good ol boy. 

Best turtle name I’ve heard/seen was from a game called Firewatch. Turtles name was Turt Reynolds.
Aww this reminds me of my childhood. We had a box turtle named taco who lived under the shed out back.
What a handsome boy!
It is very possible your new turtle friend is a ‘she’ not that it matters too much. Without seeing much of it, it looks very similar to my ornate box turtle. The males of that species have bright red/amber eyes!
Stuff like this really makes me happy with how far Phone cameras have come, its awesome how much cool decent quality content it produces.
Imagine eating a blueberry the size of your head
Beeyootiful. Thank you.
How wild is he? Does he stay out past 10pm on a weeknight? Does he like AC/DC? He looks like a party reptile 🤘
This also belongs in r/rarepuppers
my tortoise chases me around the garden when I come out to greet her
Sir David Attenborough wants his tortoise-munching-on-fruit video back
(vid quality is amazing).
You're very lucky.  These guys are really rare where I live.  Roads, habitat loss and collecting for the pet trade have pretty much wiped them out.
At first I thought OP had mistaken a tortoise for a turtle - but it turns out the box turtle is one of the few exceptions of tortoise looking animals actually called turtles.

I stand corrected.

I think it is very cool!
I wish there were grapes that were relatively the same size. Sometimes I shove a whole handful of them in my mouth so I can pretend I'm chomping one big grape, but it's no true substitute.
You are so fortunate to have such a magnificent beast as your friend!
My viewing experience was enhanced by this video being vertically oriented
He let's you sit next to him? What does he run away from you if you get too close?? 😂😂
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one
Oh wow he looks so super duper healthy.
It’s a female
Urtle turtle! I always try to help them cross the road when I can.
I love his little nom sounds!!!
This great.  One time a big turtle lived near my moms house. She was backing out of the driveway in her truck and you guessed it, BIG crunch. Poor thing. Mom too .. she cried.     Anyway it’s super cool he comes out for treats.
Best video of my day.  I don’t have the money for a medal, but...you know. Deserving
Aren’t you lucky! What an awesome creature💚🐢💚
You are so fortunate to have such a magnificent beast as your friend!
take care of him. he will live to be old
Well you got a unexpected pet, take care of him!
based on the unexpected I'm guessing you did not buy the house with the great deal of 1 free turtle! (possibly more if he finds a mate, more turtles not guaranteed)

but it could have been a great selling point
This turtle is so happy!!
I wouldn’t have had a clue what to feed him. Do you provide water for him too? Does he need a turtle house?
I previously owned two box turtles before I had to move and give them up to a wildlife refuge. Two females names sam and spec. Both were amazing pets that got all sorts of attention and treats. They loved being pet and wish I couldve kept them.
Your video's quality is really nice. Is this from a phone? Seeing an animal trust someone to let them be near you while they are eating tells a lot about the person they trust. :) You are good people for helping him out.
The mic / camera quality work on this is very good, r u a professional videographer or whats going on here
That's a weird ass cat....
I has a blueberry
I cranked my volume to max so fast
I love turtles so much. I would feel so wonderful knowing he’s there and would do everything to keep him safe
That's like the most alert and "present" turtle I've ever seen.
She looks very intelligent
‘To you I am nothing more than a fox like a hundred thousand other foxes. But if you tame me, then we shall need each other. To me, you will be unique in all the world. To you, I shall be unique in all the world....”

- Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
Is it just me or does the turtle appear to be smiling?
Hey OP they love strawberries
Your phone or camera has great quality and focus!
Sober High-Thought. Turtles are fucking cool. They are these dinosaur holdovers like Alligators or Sturgeon. Watching this chungus inhale blueberries like it was an antelope corpse was dope. I can see how they are predators when we see them as slow little dudes with shells. I bet they fuck up all kinds of critters when we aren't watching. Isn't there a video of some huge snapping turtles ripping apart mice or something? Sure there is, didn't check.
Kind of really adorable
But you can do that with happy thoughts.
I have a story that is very similar to this. I was visiting my dad one year when and we were outside in the yard. We went down to a lower part of the land and saw some rustling in tall grass, so my dad moved some grass and found an eastern box turtle! We had a glass cage/container that we weren’t using and we put her in that. We found some moss and grass and plants and let the turtle live in there. We eventually bought a bigger container for her and we decorated it and gave her plenty of space to dig and roam. We will put worms and and crickets in and if she doesn’t get them immediately she’ll find them later, it’s always so interesting to watch a turtle eat. 


TLDR: Me and my dad found a turtle and kept it as a pet. It’s interesting to watch turtles eat
I'm over here shouting at my phone, "for the love of God give it another blueberry". Didn't notice they were on the floor and the turtle was just posing for photos.
This sets an unrealistic expectation for homebuyers.
you can tell the kids he helps ward off evil spirits from your house😭😭😭
I feel like I look about how he looks when i've drank too much. Like rn.
There's a house down the road from me that has a huge Gopher tortoise that wonders along its fence line. I see it from time to time as I drive by and dubbed him Big Boy. They even put out a sign for a while that read:

"Yes, we know we have a really big turtle in our yard. Thank you for noticing. Drive safe."
Did he grant you a bending ability?
This would be like a dream come true. That little dude could Potentially be with you there for your whole life.
A box turtle lived in the backyard of my previous home. I named him Shelly and he was cool. I miss him sometimes
Please create an insta for Terry the Turtle 😍
He looks very polite.
I love turtles
Congratulations! This is marvelous! Please feel free to post regular updates on how Terry is doing.
Can you imagine dining on a blueberry the size of a basketball?!!  That shell boi is living the dream.
Lucky for him you moved it. He likely wouldn't have made it on his own for very long.
Turtle included with house.
Man bernie is loungin after quitting the race
I would feed the turtles baloney.  Turtles like meat.
He's so handsome
He's So Cute, and I love the way he looks up after he swallows as if asking for more.

Be careful what you give him though. You don't want him to get sick, or worse. A grape may not be too bad, but the acid may not be good for him, so you don't want to give him too many of those, especially at one time.

He's adorable though, and I wonder if he has the sense to realize that he has a new friend.
Waiting on turtle zoomies!
I used to have a pet turtle named Tuck, my dad had found it at an auto shop by the highway (somehow) and decided to give it to me and my sister. First few days were ok, we fed him (or her didn’t know what gender) ants until we found some turtle food. One day we thought he (or she) was dead because we were cleaning the enclosure and hadn’t realized he was in there so the cold water got to him so we thought he was dead because he wasn’t moving so we put him in a shoebox and held a little funeral for him. RIP Tuck, I hope you’re having a great time in Turtle Heaven.
“There are no accidents”   - Oogway
Can we have more turtle eating berries videos, please?
Guys I have to sleep before work but hope you enjoy watching Terry and I’ll try to answer more questions tomorrow!
This was filmed on an iPhone 11 xD
Brown eyes means this one is a little girl. Boy box turtles' eyes are usually red.
Oh he’s a clever one, you can see the wheels turning in his head.
Animals are awesome. You can talk to them all day and they just listen without judgment.
Good close up camera work, turtles look prehistoric up close.
Oh hello senator!
Just bought a house? Are you Jeff Bezos?
Where or how far out from the city does one have to move out to get adopted by a critter like this?! This makes me desperately want to homestead
Thought that was a weird egg at first, but then I remembered how small box turtles are and thought “that’s a big goddamn blueberry”
 
Bottom line: i am not smart
She is adorable, usually males have red-eyes and females yellow/brown eyes.
That's either some small grass and turtle or a large blue berry...
Imagine eating a grape the size of your head haha
Enjoy your turtle, but please be careful handling him. 

Turtles can contain high rates of salmonella.  Similar measures as coronavirus are recommended, regular hand washing, avoid touching your face, limit handling. 

A fun turtle fact is the Eastern Box Turtles is the Virginia state turtle!

An even funner turtle fact is they are social and may even play with toys. 


https://www.fda.gov/consumers/consumer-updates/pet-turtles-cute-commonly-contaminated-salmonella
I feel so blessed to live in a world with animals. I know it's corny as hell but animals bring me such unbridled joy and happiness. While turtles aren't exactly my favorite animal in the whole world that doesn't stop me from seeing and appreciating the beauty of the creature and feel happy when i see the look of contentment on his face after getting his nom nom and is looking for more like all is well in the world. Thanks for sharing OP.
Very beautiful little guy....a gift for you in your new home, he will bring you good luck if you take care of him and love him....I just made that up but it sounded cool, right?  ;)
Be careful with certain veggies. Spinach stops chameleoms and lizards from being able to absorb calcium. Id bet its a similar case for turtles.
I would be absolutely thrilled if I inherited a turtle like that! Lucky.
He/she, it’s like she/he  has lipstick on. What’s turtles name also good filming✅ Close ups are so amazing, I don’t think I’ve ever seen a close-up of a turtle eating before👍🏼.
I think this might be a lady (though Id have to see the shell to confirm, or the back toes to see the particular species) but in my experience, boys tend to have a lot of orange on their shells and often their eyes are reddish orange too (unless they’re 3 toed). I have two eastern box turtles myself and the male is very brightly coloured with red eyes and lots of orange all over, the female we had was grey and had brown eyes and yellow spots on her skin and shell similar to this one. Their baby that hatched successfully is still very young so we can’t tell the gender yet, but it appears to be female so far as its remained dull in colour and is almost 3 or so years old now. They tend to be much more dull and have wider shells than the males. Males tend to be brightly coloured and have long tails. Very cute, they’re my favourite little reptiles.
I love him! He looks so old and wise
Great inheritance 👍🏼
what a handsome fellow !
That’s *just* a positive. At least I think so~
That's one gorgeous fellow.
It's head looks like a shark, snake and a bird. I can't stop watching
I luv turtles
I love him and I love OP for bringing him into our lives
Im amazed by the quality of this clip
Love 🐢♥️
You should name him Greg. Looks like Greg to me
Lucky! My childhood dream was to own turtle and still my dream up to now
I wish there were grapes that were relatively the same size. Sometimes I shove a whole handful of them in my mouth so I can pretend I'm chomping one big grape, but it's no true substitute.
My snack has come!
so he has two houses now
Beautiful.
The gulp reminded me of master Oogway...

One often meets his destiny on the road he takes to avoid it...
It somehow reminds me of Andy Serkis
[deleted]
Hold up, it looks like a tortoise to me, not a turtle. Just don't throw him in the water without checking first!😁
I love your relationship with Zen Master Turtle. I know you gotta live your life, but you’re not allowed to move so as to avoid non-understanding, ungracious hoomans in the future.
I wish I had a blueberry the size of my head.
I have 4 of these awesome dudes. They LOVE meal worms. They’re all chill till they see the tub come out then they’re walking over each other like “fuc u gimme dem wrms!” It’s hilarious
Box turtles are freaking awesome! My uncle had one in the back of his property that eventually let us hand feed it and pet the top of its head.
That is a "she". The males have red eyes.
That’s a she, dull colors and brown eyes.  I wager the bottom of its shell is flat rather then concave. Make Box turtles have an indentation on the bottom to allow for mating.
I don’t know why but turtles eating is so satisfying.
His eyes are captivating
I don't think I've seen a human enjoy a blueberry as much as this turtle.
Please be sure and learn from a biologists  what is okay/healthy for these reptiles to eat.
Dang. Husband and I thought we were lucky when the previous homeowner left the snowblower and lawnmower behind. That doesn't compare to a tiny turtle friend.
When I was six, my family and I moved into the house I would grow up in.  The house came with a box turtle in the backyard.  Since we was naturally a wild box turtle, she would rely on whatever food she found in the yard, and once a day she would rub her shell against our back door to ask for food.  We would feed her corn, watermelon, grapes, berries, whatever fruits or vegetables we had.

Before we figured out it was female, we named it Mr. T after the wrestler and because there is a mark or her shell that looks like a capital letter "T.  At this point we estimate she must be at least 40 years in age.

This was not a typical box turtle.  She survived countless events such as escapes and storms.  After each one we thought we would never see her again.  When I was going through middle school, our family was remodeling our home during the winter.  Our box turtle would hibernate from November through March.  During the remodel, she was awoken about halfway through hibernation.  From what I understand (and please correct me if I'm wrong) this can really mess up a turtle's equilibrium.  However she went back to sleep and survived the winter.    Then one summer during a week in July, our family went on vacation to California.  During this particular week, the town where I live in Arizona experienced severe flooding after a heavy storm.  When we came home, we did not find Mr. T in the backyard.  We assumed she was gone or dead.  About a month later my mom was walking to her car to go to work.  She ran back inside the house and exclaimed Mr. T was in the middle of the street in front of our house.  The five of us ran out to see Mr. T, and she crawled to us as fast as she could.  Sometime she would crawl underneaht our fence and our neighbors would find her and bring her back to us.  

In 2016 our parents became empty nesters, so they decided to downsize houses.  Eventually our house sold.  Since Mr. T came with the house, we offered the box turtle to the house buyers.  They did not want Mr. T, so we brought her to our parents' new home.  When my brothers and I visit, Mr. T greets us like the nice little box turtle that she is.  Or she just wants some food.

&#x200B;

Thought I'd tell my story about my box turtle.
he's like my whole gene pool is going up 10 knotches thanks for the blueberries.
What is his name?!
Seriously, good job on the video. It’s crisp and such good close up.
I love turtles so much. I would feel so wonderful knowing he’s there and would do everything to keep him safe
I had a huge one in the back yard of a house I was renting in florida. After about 4 months of being there and feeding him treats and left over veggies from our dinners, I let my dog, who never showed much interest in him, out to go potty. After about 45 mins of silence, usually my dog is only outside for about 10 mins before chirping to come back inside in the A/C, I went to check on her. I thought maybe she finally learned she could jump the 3ft gate.... nope. She had eaten the back right half of the turtle including the leg and chewed into the shell and was eating its intestines. I wanted to die I felt so horrible and dumb for letting the dog out. The turtle was still alive. I had my husband put the turtle out of its misery, it couldn't be saved. And then my husband took our dog for a car ride. The turtles insides ended up on our back seat. Horrible story all around. That was the day I knew our pup was actually kind of wild, she is a Tamaskan. Shes so docile and I've never seen her hurt anything other than the occasional fly in the window. Enjoy your turtle, he is super cute and do your best to keep him safe.
She is female.  Females have brown or dark red eyes and males have red eyes.
You say he's wild but he looks pretty mellow to me.
Man, Turtles are so chill. They don’t harm anyone, they just do their own thing.
Imagine how dank a blueberry the size of your head would be
How is this video so clear?
Thats so cool. We Inherited a massive blue tongued lizard but my old dog called him dinner.
rad
I love them
The way he chomps those blueberries 😭😭
Congratulations on your new found friendship
Fantastic fantastic fantastic 💚💚💚
i thought it was eating another turtle's head for a moment
I love it! Turtles are so cute. They can be terrifying but if one is smart around them it’s never an issue.
Nom..........nom..........nom...nom....nom.....
Nom
I know some turtles will eat their babies for some reason, hope that doesn't happen to you!!
Turtles and tortoises scare the crap out of me !
I would love to see more videos of her eating fruits and veg :3
TURTLE GANG UNITE
That was so nice i would watch more terry videos if you posted them!
r/natureislit
That's pretty cute.
Oh how nice! I hope to see me photos and vids of him on here!
He *mounch*
Feed him watermelon. Best shit ever you won’t regret
Feed him more berries!
What a beautiful creature.  I am feeling some personality from this one. Thanks for sharing.
He's got that look.
The "Where are more berry treats?" Look.
he's beautiful.
I used to have a box turtle that would let me pet it’s head while he/she ate old tomatoes.
All I see is Mitch McConnell.
Lookit that blueberry juice dripping out his mouf!
How cool. What a handsome fellow.
Makes me think of that early 1990s movie *Radio Flyer* with Elijah Wood, Joey Mazzello, and Tom Hanks.  When the two boys (Wood and Mazzello) find an old shed in their backyard, they decide to turn it into a clubhouse.  When they pry open the door, a giant box turtle growls or hisses at them.  They adopt him and name him "Sampson".
Cool !
They love a good soak in shallow water.  I use the dish that is used under planters.
/r/turtlesarentreal
I think he likes them
That's a girl box turtle.
Turtles are so fucking cool
What... Is he eating?
I wonder if turtles accidentally bite their tongues while eating
Terry the terrapin. That’s so cute.
Lol "Let's me" what's he gonna do, run away?
That's absolutely awesome
Do they bite? The hand that feeds if you will?
Keep it up I hope he stays around
I’ll always love turtles because my dad looked like one.
Lil dinos :)
I have always loved turtles! Just too cute 🙂
Ngl that blueberry looks massive
Awwww
he looks happy
So much effort to eat one blueberry.
she looks so satisfied and happy after the second one. i love that turtles always have that little grin.
I 💚 Terry/Terri.
Freak I got nothing under my porch
Turtle- "Oh, so you've decided to live with me...ok cool... I guess...just keep the berries coming and we won't have any problems."
He is very handsome.:)
If you really wanna see your little buddy happy, offer him some dandelion flowers or strawberry. My box turtle was nuts for both.

I'm jealous, I miss having a turtle friend. But things aren't in a good place for one right now.
He’s so precious!!
Are you sure that's not a tortoise?
Oh, how I adore the little bits of blueberry leftover on his face. Just like a little kid. So cute!
What a beautiful creature!
Master Oogway has eaten
Does he have a name?
Nice upside to buying a house
"Hey, whose this little guy?" \*poke\*

"The name's Sal. Sal Monella. Hands off the shell!"
Turtles are awesome:  did you know the box turtle has a hinged plastron,which allows them to nearly shut their shell closures all the way?  
  
These turtles are part of the American pond family, and have super unique markings!
omg, I love his little tongue and snap! And that sweet neck extending when he swallows!! What a sweetie.
Wow what a cool perk to come with the house.
u/vredditdownloader
What a wonderful surprise!
:>
Oh my gods. Please give him more treats. He is such a cute good box boi.
I was told as a kid that turtles can snap your fingers off. This turtle looks like it has a weak bite. Do most turtles have a weak bite?
Where do you live?
Love this video!
Watch out for salmonella.
I don't know why but this turtle reminds me of my grandpa, love that guy
Yesterday is history 
Tomorrow is a mystery 
Today is a gift
That’s why they call it the present. This turtle better know some Kung fu.
Imagine biting your tongue with a mouth like that
this post is #2 on hot

and to believe i was one of the first to comment on it

:D
Henry Speed, that was the name of our turtle that lived under the deck.
Dinosaur ass
NUMBER 1 ON HOT BOISS

TERRY IS FAMOUS
It’s always cute watching turtles eat 
I always loved watching them back when I was a kid
Such wisdom in his eyes. From experience, they really enjoy listening to people talking, moving things around and climbing on top of pillow mounds or someone's feet. Try some of these!
I think he/she inherited you
Are those blueberries it’s eating? Is it actually very small?
Thank you for your service
The look at the end reminded me of Oliver Twist.
u/vredditdownloader
That's a tortoise.  Turtles live in the water.  Tortoises live on the land.
you should build terry a turtle-house. 

&#x200B;

turtlehouse tax obviously.
I always wonder what wild animals think of humans who feed them.  I mean, to a turtle, giving away food must seem like really odd behavior.
I’ve never thought about a turtle’s tongue. It looks so soft.
That was kinda gross. Ngl.
Watching this video like HE WANTS ANOTHER BLUEBERRY, GIVE HIM ANOTHER BLUEBERRY. 

LOL. Really happy he already had another blueberry, silly boy. :)
You should use a toothpick and hold the food
What a sweetie!! 😍
What a cutie ❤️
My turtle likes mangos and strawberries, see how they do.
My parents live in the country next to a swamp. Every year, turtles crawl out of the swamp to lay eggs in the sand around their driveway. So every year, my mom puts out a "TURTLE X-ING" sign.
Nom.......................nom........................nom.
He’s beautiful. He also appreicates the NOMNOM berries.
Blastoise!
Give him moar!
I love Terry.
Hey..this really made my day. Thank you for sharing.
Orthos?
What a magnificent beast.
The turtles I meet are never cool like that
I read that as bought a horse and had no idea how that was relevant to a burrow under your patrio
I want a house turtle named Terry 😭
Turtle ASMR is something I didn’t know I needed in my life
I’m so jealous he’s so cute
Lucky!!!
Turtles like light scritches on their shells sometimes. Wash your hands after though.
I love this. Everything about it, the backstory, the video. Heartwarming.
He ate that second blueberry like a total moron
This is going to sound weird but is there a post-modern genre of art dedicated to turtles eating fruit? Asking for a friend.
He's perfect!!!
Dang that's one snappy turtle!
I like turtles
Turtles are so underrated
Your so lucky 😍. I hope to see more videos of Terry!
I LOVE TURTLE BRAH! look at all the blue berry all over his widddle facccce omg!
That's probably a female, males typically have red eyes while females have brown or yellow eyes.
PURE.
If there's anything I've learned from the internet it's that turtles love watermelon.  Please feed him some!
They’re connecting with us more now that we’re staying close to our shelters like normal, well behaved turtles with snacks.
I should be his agent. I guarantee I could earn him at least 3 blueberries for his time.
That is one dope turtle
“I am Godzilla! Devourer of a..... ooooh another blueberry.”
/u/vredditshare
He’s a she! You can tell box turtles genders by their eyes fyi
are you going to name him?
I love this so much! I used to have a box turtle as a pet.
Imagine a human eating a blueberry the size of their own head
As I discovered as a kid, box turtles are surprisingly fast when they want to be.
IIRC Box turtles live in the same area their whole lives, hardly moving more than a couple hundred feet! I love Terry! Thanks for this video, OP.
r/forbiddenboops
He’s a handsome lad
Omg she is so adorable! Some advise from this tortoise mom: be careful with the fruit. Not too much. A little bit is ok but too much sugar causes yeast blooms in their tummies. Dark leafy greens are best. They also love dandelions. And mealworms, which you can get online. 

Thank you so much for sharing! This got my mind off the various bad news of the day.
Turtles are so cool
Turtles are straight up tiny, walking Dunkleosteus.
Definitely already posted, but he's a she
Appreciative boy
I like turtles
Post saved
Then you didn’t pay enough for the house
He friend
Fujjj
[deleted]
What a beauty ♡
How big is he? I wonder how old he is. That’s fun (;
My grandparents had a turtle. It's still there I think. It wandered in one day and never left.
What kind of phone do you have? That’s a clear video
What’s he snacking on?? Looks like eggs
The Mayor
[deleted]
Awwwww 😇😍, so sweet
This isn’t Mitch McConnell having lunch?
Looks like an Eastern Box turtle.  If you catch them laying eggs, consider putting a small fence around the nest after the turtle leaves (be sure the fence has holes large enough for baby turtles to escape).  They lose many eggs to predators and in many areas are threatened.  Be sure to check local laws regarding them.  

Eastern Box turtles are pretty cool.  They can live 50 or more years and are very chill.
Awww
Lucky, I am jealous.
With those serene brown eyes, she may well be female and you may be so lucky as to see a lot of little box turtles some years.
I could watch turtles eat for hrs it's so cute
It's not like he can outrun you or anything
Give him some slugs they love em! My girlfriend's father has a few of these guys in his backyard.
So handsome!
You know, most animals really suck at the physical aspect of eating.
[They were gills, not eyelids](https://getyarn.io/yarn-clip/033c84a7-0c97-4f42-9807-8c7a248c3c12).
This is so cool. I would probably completely set the backyard up for this turtle if I were in the position.
As someone with "turtles eating fruit" in my google search history, thank you
Sorry if already asked, but what did you name your little friend?
Keep on the look out for baby turtles. Box turtle mating season starts in early spring and ends in late fall. The babies usually hatch 80 days after mating and are the size of a quarter. They are very fragile so be careful mowing
Are there non-wild box turtles? :P
This made me smile great vid
Just hoping to the the 666th comment
This is so nice and wholesome and I love it!! Take all of my upvotes, Terry!
My sister had turtles growing up in a pond. They hibernate through the winter down at the bottom in the muck and when spring comes they’ll forget you’re their friend and be super skittish for a while. But after of few weeks of treats they remember you again and are excited to see what you brought them.
I think this is the most HD video I've seen on Reddit
"You ARE turtley enough for the Turtle Club"
Heyheyhey don’t prefer tua over joe burrow
Congratulations on the new turtle. You might also try worms from a fish bait place walmart and cablas have them. Or just see if you have any in your yard and watch this dude run to get em lol. Snails too!
You need an instagram account for this guy! He’s awesome!
I needed this today. Thanks
This would easily increase home value by 2%.
What a beautiful, prehistoric looking creature ... they look like dinosaurs ... evolution is so crazy 🐢🤯
Awww
Can you just throw a turtle in your back yard and let him live there?
I think I love him.
My, you are so lucky.  What a great looking turtle, from what we can see.
Adorable. Take good care of that box turtle and good things will come.
You can never move! So cool.
When I was a kid, my grandparents found a box turtle and gave it to my brother and I.  Their name was Zippy, and they ran away eventually.
He monched that berry.
Does he have a name?
That is awesome!!!! I love him (or her)!!!!
He's a cool looking guy! I'm jealous your house came with a turtle, but I'm glad he has neighbors like you :-)
My boy is smilin at ya
Majestic!
Well it’s not like he’s going to run away.
Motherfucker the turtle inherited you. 

A lot of box turtles live for well over a century!
How nice
Omg I just realized that when I was 11 or so I found what I thought was a tortoise someone ditched in the woods and my parents made me get rid of it which made me think it was gonna die cause it wasn’t from around here. Good to know it was just one of these fellas.
Awwww sooo cuteee 😩😩💕. My heart cant take it.
Is it just me or does he look even cuter with blueberry all over his mouth?
I like turtles.
/u/vredditshare
I like turtles
I am so jealous omg what a good neighbor
What a handsome devil
I think you mislabeled the title, Bought a turtle came with a house.
How friggen cute, adorable
What did you capture this on? He is beautiful.
More blueberries please!
What was your initial reaction that you guys have an old housemate?
To cute
BluberrBoi!
Blessed 🥺
 Find some green slime to dip em in and a sewer
Wonder if turtles ever bite their tongues?
Aw snap!
Love to see it lol
Always good to have spare food reserves in case of a pandemic.  The best thing is that they live for like 25-50 years and are fairly self-sufficient.
So ypu have a problem with him saying people feed you but you didn't care about being called a wild animal
Box turtles are characters, I love this!!
I like turtles!
I'm pretty sure this is one of those new fangled iphone commercials.
On a side note the video quality is really really good!
I wish I lived *in* a turtle
Spike! Yup yup yup!
Tortoise*
Ellie and Joel die
Nom.............nom...........nom..........nom
Saw two box turtles today on a forage for spring morels. One lovely lady, and a rather grumpy looking old man further up the hill. I think he was upset because I picked a nice big morel that was right next to him. Do turtles eat morels? I hope so. Everyone should have a chance to try those lil guys.
Sony giv ehim trears
I imagine that blueberries are like sweet, juicy bugs to turtles.
Take care of him 🥺
Thanks for your service David Attenborough, Reddit and the box turtle got it now.
Aww for sure. You can just see him falling for you and after chomping those blueberries
This is the best reddit post of the day.
So cool
Ornate box turtle
Shoe boxy box, she's a box turtle
That’s a tortoise not a turtle isn’t it?
Hi monkey boy
Your house is on his land and he allows you to sit with him <3
holy shit! i am sooo incredibly jealous!!!
I had to stop the car 3 different times on vacay in FL last year to save gophers, they are everywhere!
You have been chosen
I feel bad that he doesn’t have enough control to avoid eating bits or dirt and leaves.

I guess I’ve been taking for granted how nice it is to be able to put only what I want into my mouth..
You got a little something.... on your face there..........
I have a story a little like this, I used to go fishing every couple days at a small pond and a little snapping turtle would sit near the spot I would fish from and I would toss some smaller bait fish for him to eat, made me really sad when he just stoped showing up one day.
That's great! My grandparents used to keep turtles in their backyard and we'd go see the new baby turtles every summer
What is he thinking? What goes on inside a turtle brain
The reincarnation of Jack Lemon really seems to enjoy blueberries
That jawline doe
r/praisethecameraman
What a handsome boy, he's going to be very well fed.
My mom used to live in a place that had a turtle under its patio
You're turtle people now
A polite turtle, willing to share his house with humans.
Wonder if this turtle eat any grapes before
He needs a name. How about Stan?
He’s so cool!!!
Let me guess...Florida?
Awww. I didn’t know I needed this today!
What a cutie!
Live stream this next time thanks I'll be there for hours
I love turtles! Had a tortoise as a kid & he was my pal.
You’ll never NOT have a turtle
I would have paid a significant bonus for the turtle!
Blessed post. I'd love to inherit a wild box turtle
I love him.
What is this gentlemen’s name
Thats super cool, what’s his favorite food assuming blueberries !
Grumpy penis
What a great addition to your new house!
Himb a good boi
You're so lucky!
I thought turtles needed to be underwater in order to swallow food??
Lucky! Guve him some ham or bugs as a good treat
Looks like doctor farnsworth
Nice
You wanna really win him over grab the shovel and turn a bit of dirt over until you find a worm. You probably never seen him move so fast...
Would you pet this turtle
Where do you live that there are wild turtles?!
I wonder how old he is
Fucking Awesome!
Ill him Sandler
u/Vredditdownloader
Who needs fingers anyway
I love him!
Where are all you people from that turtles are a normal and frequent occurrence?
Dawwwww
My boi made that blueberry look like some sweet & sour chicken!
Chompsky Honk
I’m gonna stop bitching about the spiders outside my apartment now
I thought turtles could only swallow food under water?
aw! this turtle is so cute! looks like he's really hungry! :)
He looks very intelligent.
Good
He's smiling at the end 😍
I would have liked to see the entire turtle not just his head
Keep offering him treats and he will stay around forever
It’s very nice of you to offer your neighbour snacks when you guys hang out
Please post these daily or weekly
he looks like an otis... have you named him?
old man otis. or big o
This kills the blueberry.
Nice
OMFG so adorable!! 😍😍
Seems like a good trade.
Huh, were you always this ugly, human?
i love him
Good boy.
Wipe your mouth off, little dude! lol
I wish I could eat a blueberry the size of my head
How hard can these guys bite? Like lose a finger nail hard or lose a digit hard?
Oh, its he's beautiful! More please!!!
Wow, you’re so lucky! They’re suck precious and sacred creatures.
I wonder what a blueberry tastes like to a box turtle.
What do you mean "WILD", OP? He seems pretty chill to me.
What on earth! This situation is like an IRL fairy tale.
Please do a live stream of this. I’d watch this all day.
Turtles are cool. Had 2 store bought ones as a kid. They were the small types. For some reason tho my parents decided to set them free after a while. I'm fine with that, but the problem was they released them in the ocean. I'm pretty sure they didn't survive that long lol
Those eyes.
He is so wise
Fuck thats cute
That’s one for the win column! Lucky you!
NAME THE TURTLE
He is a very handsome boi. Give him some scritches for me plz
Looks like a female eastern box turtle to me. They are really friendly. There is a wild one on my yard that will follow me around for food. I’ve found that they really like strawberries.
That turtle just won the turtle lottery
At first I thought: “man, imagine if eating was that awkward and difficult looking?”
Then it occurred to me that this turtle is eating blueberries of a size not entirely
Dissimilar to its head.
awww what a cutie..
This is some high quality video
I freaking love turtles!!
Crunch
Monch
This is so wholesome.
His name is Herbertt.
He is going ham on those blueberries
It's a male? He has the ~~convex~~concave plastron?
For a split second I thought the turtle was eating the head of another turtle
If he lets you sit next to him he is a generous god
I used to have one that would try and steal donuts from me.
This video quality is so good lol
A little price to pay for water kitty
I never knew I wanted a turtle until now. So cute!!
Nice you in Kentucky by any chance ?
Feed him pizza
He’s a cute little critter. Have you named him yet?
So satisfying to see him consume the blueberry.
Omg the cuteness overload here
BLASTOISE
That's The Groundskeeper and it looks like he's doing a bang up job and deserves more snacks.
So Mitch McConnell lives under your house?
