Solid form. He’s done this before.
Hey man, you see chalk squares and you hopscotch. Its law
I’m a delivery driver and I also do this regularly. You have to. It’s the rules
I don’t think I’ve ever played a game of hopscotch before, much less know the rules. I’ve drawn and jumped in the squares as he did, but I’ve never played the actual game.
Leading with the left foot, quite dapper.
Gotta take your joy in life when and where you can get it, because it can be a rough ride far too often.
HAHA AMAZON EMPLOYEES SURE HAVE A GOOD TIME ON THE JOB I LOVE AMAZON.
16k upvotes in 2 hours? Totally organic nothing to see here.
Is it possible that this is part of an astroturfing campaign to make Amazon come off in a positive light by making us smile about their delivery person doing this rather than some of the terrible things the company is doing with how they treat their employees? Or is this actually OC from a real person?
Obvious logo is obvious... This post brought to you by your local megacorp. See, our employees ARE happy!
Glad he got the company logo perfectly in frame in this totally organic and unprompted clip
Stop surveilling strangers for karma.
Amazon Thermal Monitor: *Inefficient movement detected, deducting pay*
But why is this aww?
I'm a UPS driver and I have done this at least once or twice, Luckily my customers didn't have reddit.
I will probably never meet this man, but I love him. In a platonic way of course.
This works for r/ABoringDystopia as well.
Doorbell cameras are creepy. Especially when you realize that Amazon acquires all of that video and is constantly monitoring everything. Because of doorbell cameras, we have more public cameras per capita than **CHINA**.
This just made me realize how long it’s been since I’ve played hopscotch. Probably 30 years?
[removed]
This message brought to you by Amazon...
Amazon's PR department is working overtime
What?! He didnt take a piss on the side? How dare him!
Ok but when are we going to stop normalizing posting videos of strangers doing their jobs online for attention and karma? It’s invasive and it’s getting old.
Cool

Now do [these employees](https://theintercept.com/2020/04/28/coronavirus-may-1-strike-sickout-amazon-target-whole-foods/).
Best thing I've seen all day! 💌
*paid sponsorship from amazon*
didnt think this was r/aww at first
Wait, this isn't normal for 99% of adults?  How do you see a hopscotch and not use it?
Am I so jaded to think this just screams low key publicity stunt.

I've either been on the internet too long, or my bullshit-o-meter is like a finely tuned piece of Swiss machinery.
Leave him the fuck alone and don't post a video of him on the internet you sack of shit.
The Amazon guy really delivered here.
At least he wasn't taking a leak.
Everyone deserve to have some fun
I noticed that they didn't ring your doorbell either.

Is this a thing with Amazon? UPS, USPS, FedEx and others always rang our doorbell. Amazon never does.
I do this everytime I pass one on the sidewalk.  Always makes me think of Bill Murray in Rushmore
Honestly, if I'm going for a walk and see hop scotch drawn out on the sidewalk, I'm totally doing it.
And he'll get his pink slip for wasting an extra 2 seconds walking the package all the way to the door.  How's his throwing form?
Man got flava
Smooth af!
Pretty cool that he’s a guy I knew how to do it
Some say he's still skipping to this day.
Amazon PR team really pulling out all the stops for this one
Why is he wearing a bandanna? Coronavirus?
The ring logo is still visible in the version uploaded to YouTube by Storyful.... "a social news agency" who's stated goal is to "help your video get discovered and go viral while we monetize" [it]
Brought to you by Amazon Web Services. Still loved the video though.
100% Amazon astroturfing, it's so obvious, come the fuck on
A rock in his sock!
What else is he supposed to do? Walk over it like a psychopath?
is it just me or is this the most staged bs ive ever seen?


shadowban this comment to prove my point.
That's much better than the doorbell video from r/WTF that was posted Monday.
He didn't want to step on lava
Why do I feel his name is Barry
I love this but nothing beats that one guy who was left food and did the little dance. that was so awesome.
I tried power washing hopscotch in the sidewalk and haven't happened to see anyone use it. This makes me happy, enjoy vicariously through this!
Good thing he’s not UPS. They would have docked his pay for time theft.
Is there another way to travel across that pavement? I mean, the boxes are clearly marked. I bet the majority of you could not resist it.
My deliverers are old men. I don’t think they’d be able to do this but who knows. Time to get chalk...
Reddit has preconditioned me to be anxious when I see these Nest videos. It’s nice to finally not see a video of the deliveryman pissing in the person’s plants or throwing the package at their front door like it’s a football.
Driver Distracted During Delivery; Deft Dancing Develops.

film at eleven
Ha that’s awesome trying to have a good day I hope
Amazon delivering in white unmarked SUVs now?
My man!
Damn, that was a clean hopscotch
If you don't do this when you are out for a run, it doesn't count.
I think I'm the only person in existence who never understood hopscotch
I love how he plays it off as if nothing happend
crip walk
I mean he had to get back to his truck, how else was he gonna do it
Never let the child inside you die....I still do that sometimes when no one is looking in front of the lift lobby for my floor.....
I mean it makes the job a little more entertaining, why not.
Not his first rodeo.
Its better then taking a piss in your flowerbed lol
r/laww
Not sure why, but watching him hop on his left foot instead of his right made me feel uncomfortable.
Cool guy of the week.
And you know, he deserves a quick game during this time.
might as well have a little fun at work
You know he went back to his car and was like "fuckin' crushed it"
Even with my crappy quality it still good u get a upvote
Some drivers just want to watch the world get their packages. 


However, as of yesterday. My driver did not.
Thank god he didnt weewee
Delivery guy here living his best life
OCD detected
Julio Cortázar approves.
LIFE IS ABOUT THE FREAKING LITTLE THINGS OK ???
These guys obviously know the doorbell cameras are there and do this for karma.
What the camera *didn't* capture was the delivery man also sneaking in a piss on their front lawn.
Combine this with the dude who went pee pee on the other one
That's a good one. All the ones I pass can't even fit my foot in since the kids always draw em so small
It's the smiles that get us through.
This made my heart happy
im this guys boss and i fired his ass

no fun. not ever
I have a theory, you cant walk past one and DONT jump, you just must
I’m not gonna lie, I don’t remember how to play this game anymore :(
r/mademesmile
Total opposite of the guy peeing in the bushes.
If you build it, they will come
Lol— boys just gotta have fun😽
This man is the messiah
lulz, i thought he was wielding a knife, which made it extra confusing. hahaha
Nice.
Vibes!
Finally not someone stealing on one of these.
lowkey i know exactly where this is just bc of the architecture
Nice 4th gen yota!!
I mean why not? I'd have done the same thing. Probably twice before I left
You stepped on the line get back here and finish that game!
It's the rules guys.
I mean if you walk over hopscotch without playing you are kind of a dick
No shit, 100% would do.
I'm a 30 y/o male and if see hopscotch on the side walk you bet your ass I'm doing it.
The little things that make you smile. More of this please.
All I saw was the sweet looking 4th gen there.
I love these kind of things
This brought a smile to my day:)
Damn he did it so flawlessly. 


I’d be so out of breath by the end
This me on the job.
Dem houses wtf they look bigger than a mcmansion
He is even smiling from his back
Watching the start of this had me thinking it was a home invasion video with the guy wearing a mask. Definitely had to watch a second loop and read the title for my brain to comprehend what just happened.
Want to feel young? Act young! Embrace those childish urges when they present themselves, don't take thing too seriously, and just take time to enjoy what you can in these crazy times. 
Stay safe and healthy my friends 💖💖
I do that too!!
That's someone that enjoys life right there!
This is private property— he should be arrested and held without bail
he do be vibing doe
I almost feel sad that this was shared... that was his little thing that he did today.
Why. Am. I. Do. Ing. This. I'm. A. Grown. Ass. Man.
Someone call Bezos, this one has a mind of its own.
Here’s pt2: https://youtu.be/sAn7baRbhx4
How else would he make it across?
Did he hopscotch up to the door first?
He has a boring job....making the best of it.
That's dangerous. What if he fell and broke both his arms
[deleted]
Whenever any asks why I still have faith in the goodness of people, I’m showing them this video.
Give that delivery driver a raise! Having fun on the job is great to see.
Always the same house as well, interesting
Men don't grow up; they age.
Man has been practicing since elementary school, it was his time to shine.
No lie id probably do the same
We’re all just big kids
Don’t deny that you wouldn’t, too, if you had the opportunity.
As a flex driver I agree that you find fun where you can.
What's life without whimsy
It's the USA so where is the thief hopscotching away with the package?
The best delivery man
The ancient defenses have been breached.
Excuse me sir, you dropped this 👑
class is what this dude has
Wholesome AF.
This is a man who's learned to dance in the storm.
I wonder if he was left-footed or just playing the game on Expert.
I wish I was this happy
Gotta love this one!
Good to see people still having fun on the job despite all that’s going on
Gotta make the job enjoyable somehow!
Honestly who wouldn't do this?
u/Doodlelut
Everytime i see these recordings its either some guy pissing on the porch or some guy being adorable.
As someone who used to deliver for Amazon, I love seeing these videos. Whenever a video pops up with “delivery driver” in the title, it’s normally because they threw/kicked a package, or ran something over. In my time driving, I really hope I made some people laugh looking at their recordings of me goofing around and just being silly.
One of the best what I saw in this carantine.
I challenge anyone to walk past a hopscoth grid without doing this. If you can, youre a shit human being.
MY HEARTTTTT
Interesting
I guess I don’t get hopscotch. Is that really all there is to it? How is that challenging at all? Even for small kids?
[deleted]
Cute af
Do you think this stuff happens because they see the camera and want to bring a smile to customers?  I really enjoy this.  Spreading smiles is the #1 thing we all should be doing :)
This post delivers.
Playing on the job? I'll have to dock his pay for this!
Why am I getting the impression this is photoshopped?
he missing his childhood... can relate
Allamaraine, count to four.
This is far more wholesome than the delivery man door cam video from the other day.
wait is he in his own car??
He knows his hopscotch! 😀
Bless him. That was fun to watch. I bet it brightened his day a bit.
Awww love
It is illegal to see a hopscotch setup and not play. I'm sorry, I don't make the rules
He didn't spin! The cool kids soon around every other double square.
I live for those moments
And as always, the camera only captures people as they walk away. Must be a Ring doorbell.
So cute 😅
Yes yes here’s the man himself
walking away thinking "hah, still got it."
When you see the scotch, you hop.

It's the rules.
This is way better than crooks hopscotching off with your package
It doesn't matter if your rough around the edges or even look like a gangster... You always hopscotch when it's in front of you.
r/mademesmile
Bezos: "fire this man's jolly step, this isn't productive!"
Boy if he keeps that up he might be in the Olympics
What sort of weirdo wouldn’t hop down that?
Nice
That was clean.
I never could hopscotch; I don't have enough balance to hop on one foot :(
He was probably thinking “ Should I? Eh, why not, it’s not like anyone’s watching.”

And now over 40000 people have seen it
Considering how a majority of Reddit posts starting with "Doorbell camera captures delivery man..." go this was refreshingly wholesome.
Amazon's algorithm deems hoping as inefficient wasting .004 nano seconds or more and just fired him.

/s
I used to deliver mail for USPS and would do this kind of stuff all the time. Day is super boring otherwise
Indians invented this game!
For a second, I thought it was going to be an attempted theft because of the bandana covering his face. We’re in some weird times, man.
This is me to a T. I would love to see how much random ass video others have of myself being fun.
Let the man have fun
Very clever commercial!
He's pretty good tho
That camera view shows a very idyllic American neighborhood street. It almost looks like this was a scene in a movie.
Time theif fire him!
what!!
Lmfaoooo classic moment
Aw that’s so cute!
r/mademesmile
Mans really just busted one out, absolute unit
If there's want video proof, I sure as hell would've assumed it belonged to r/thathappened
That is the law in most states.
Imagine a time traveler from 15 years ago sees this what they would think. A bandit with a smile on their back just hopscotched away while on a high definition camera in somebody's peep hole.
It’s a curse if you don’t hop the scotch laid down before you.
What’s the thought on this constant surveillance of ourselves and releasing of non-consenting public videos?
We all are kids at heart
When I was a child I use to play this game in Africa. It’s famous game for children since there is no xbox or PlayStation there.
I love wholesome delivery drivers who are just nice and don’t throw your shit!
Dude is left footed
This is obviously staged, if not then why’s there a chalk drawing on the driveway.
That is the most awesome thing I have seen in a week! Thanks for the 😊
Omg too cute
He’s going to lose his job for that lapse in productivity.
they always disappear for me :\\
I was a delivery person, this is mandatory. Along with tight rope walking on the cement parking stops.
I really thought he was holding a knife at first and was scared
Even when you’re an a grown working adult you still gotta find time to have fun
Made my day! Love it.
w h o l e s o m e
How could you not? Only an alien could walk over that without actually doing it!
He was probably finished with his delivery route. I get super happy when I finish my delivery route!
Well it was the only way he could leave.
Excellent haha
Aww he’s so adorable
fair dinkum.
Let this be a reminder to never lose sight of your own inner child :)
10/10 perfect form. What an amazing speed run!
amazing
Good sport!
Rekt it.
Love this guy!!
Quality hoppin and scotchin right there.
Damn, you caught me. What can I say, sometimes I need something to spice up my day.
better than a vid of a door to door salesman pissing in someones bushes i saw a few days ago. i think on r/WTF but im not too sure
r/gifsthatendtoolate
Love it. Those people will get a surprise when they see that. Lol
5 stars, baby!
Awwmazon got no chill
Cute!
This is amazing!!!
That’s so cute
humans are impossibly cute sometimes
good idea
If its there you do it!
I don't think he was sneaking anything. He saw the doorbell camera, and he was performing!
why does it play twice. its already a gif just let it loop!
At this point those 'Delivery Guy on Security Cam' videos are so popular im just convinced all drivers do "silly" things like this in hopes to be the next one.
[deleted]
Must be near his last drop lol
Nice
He only hoped with his left. Not impressed.
So wholesome
I love that so much!  Thank you delivery people for delivering all the stuff I am buying out of boredom.
Like why would you not if it’s there
casual
Playground Law, you can't not hop a scotch if it is in your path.
Ha! I did this after a pizza delivery yesterday, right down the driveway. I don’t know if anyone saw me and, frankly, I don’t care.
Well that's way better than catching him peeing on the flowers.
As if he didn’t know this would end up on Reddit
Everyone has a child in them
I love this ! So very heart warming! Have fun it’s not all doom and gloom!
That's a fine technique right there
I want some of whatever he’s on
In the end adults are just grown up children.  


It's the denial that changes things.
Haha...I appreciate moments like that
As a former delivery boy, the blood pools in my legs sometimes and the only cure is hopscotch
Noooo why would someone post this? Amazon is gonna shit can the poor dude for taking 2.3 seconds for whimsy
It brings the inner child of everyone.
10 bucks says he knew the doorbell camera was there and was like, "imma make someone's day with these shenanigans".
We still all have a little child in all of us 😁
Is it just me or does it look like he's parked his delivery car in the MIDDLE of the street!?
He knew
What a legend.
Me af on my Instacart route
Much better than the last secret delivery cam posted to Reddit where a bloke got his dick out and pissed in the plants.
At the end of the day, we are all just big kids!
He’s still got it
Lovely! Haha
Give this man a raise
I just learnt a new English word and I r/neversawitcoming
Who won't do it?
Myyyy man.
It's the little things
this made my day
This is so wholesome 😍
getting major irvine vibes from this neighborhood
Better than the pissing dude.
It's definitely the little things in life.
then he hops back like [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ZcNMgcJAj8&list=RD1ZcNMgcJAj8&start_radio=1&t=32), strapped and ready to rob your house!
Jajaja
Last time I did that, I nearly broke my ankle.
Damn thats a nice neighbourhood
r/unexpectedlywholesome
u/vredditdownloader
Absolute cuteness
This looks like San Clemente
Living his best life
That’s a nice house I don’t know other countries but in uk that would cost at least a million quid
He should have put the package in a square while walking up, so he’d have to hop on one leg to deliver it
It’s like people are happy to entertain themselves when doing thankless grunt work.
To be fair, outside the squares is lava
He doe got da skillz tho
Very likely has kids of his own.
As a delivery guy you sometimes have to have fun in between deliveries
Fedex driver here: can confirm, I do this on my route if there is one...I also jump and touch the rim on any regulation basketball hoop in a driveway as well.
Never lose your inner child

(Karen, 41, anti-abortion)
I just LOVE this!! 💞
Enjoy the little things in life.
Play whenever you can!
So wholesome!
Haha it’s hilarious that we have become a hermit society and will probably progress into the future by only viewing the outside world through cameras.
That's why these deliveries are often late. Unbelievable. If these guys would stop horsing around on the job then maybe I'd have gotten my Preparation H delivered to me on time.
Dat neighborhood.
Awesome dude!
Isn’t he playing it wrong? No one gonna mention those double lands?
He works for Amazon. He needed this
Amazon.. Bezos is teaching them right
Delivery men are people too.
Good for him helps make the day better
What company does he work for? Pay well? Cus I have never seen delivery couriers happy in their jobs
Ive seen a lot of hopscotch on sidewalks during quarantine (I’m still working), from all the kids at home. I make a point to do each one I encounter! This kind of thing used to be everywhere, but over the last decade or so I have barely seen it at all, so I must encourage it! 

Someone young might be watching so if you see a hopscotch, jump that shit!
Makes me want to put one on our sidewalk leading from our house to see who would do this on our deliveries. Too cool!
the little things that keep us sane. Nice work from him.
This video is framed like someone’s hips. The walls on the side are the hips and the sidewalk is the gap between the legs
Delivery man sees camera and does hopscotch to entertain home owners.
Well this is what I needed today.
Looks like footage from the purge
Absolute chad
Wholesome and adorable <3
I love post men/women. Never met one who wasn’t super friendly and happy-go lucky or dedicated :) 
all my local ones are good with my dog when she tried to bite their hands through the letterbox
This made me smile
[This kid](https://media.giphy.com/media/IxqaViYqm7qfe/giphy.gif)  finally grew up.
VERRRY charming!

My kind of man — still in touch with his “inner child”.
This is wholesome
It's the little things in life that make us truly happy.
He's still got it.
i mean, hopscotch is there, one must hop. those are the rules.
Enjoying your work always good to see! Hip hop you don’t stop!
I like to think that not only did this make the delivery mans day a little better, but that some kid stuck in quarantine’s day got made too.
If you work for Amazon you gotta find the fun somewhere. I heard they get fired for using the bathroom more than twice in eight hours.
I mean how can you not? Lay out a pattern for me and I’m going to follow it.
This is the fucking best!
Funniest shit I've seen
This guy is my idol

I will never mature >w<
I bet he was fired for that.
Fired from amazon for having fun
I'm starting to think when delivery drivers see a doorbell camera they'll just do silly stuff
If you build it, they will hop.
What? What’s a druggie in their tent
The camera looks like it's right in his face. I doubt he thought no one would see. lol
Suddenly I have a crush on him
I'm 68 years old and never pass up a hopscotch board.  It keeps my pacemaker going.
MLG
7/10. good but too much dependency of the left foot . id like to see some variety of supporting leg next time.
Lmao I would do the same thing!
Damn. He good.
Promote him!
Keeps the job fun would recommend.
He (his actions)is incredibly cute.
Looks like a secret dance to open a hidden door ala The Pacifier. Somebody get me Vin Diesel stat, we need him for the sequel!
Pretty damn good
King 👑👑
Dude probably has OCD. This isn't funny guys.
Lovely 💙
When in Rome ...
That is just WHOLESOME!!
I used to do the same thing when I was a courier. One died not simply walk over hopscotch markings.
Loved it
He has precision only seen once before 

When I viewed this a min ago
He must be a lefty... hopping on that left leg
Is this really how packages are delivered in the US ? Put down in front of the front door and snap a picture...yay it's delivered, not my business from here if it gets stolen?
You should've gave him a great tip
where did he get that haircut?
I saw his mask and for a second I thought this was going to be a break-in video. Then I remembered I'm living in 2020
No one can resist the ‘scotch!!
Two types of people in this world.
Way better than the one of the moron peeing in their bushes.
Little joys of life....are always found in childhood games!!!
Yep, us delivery drivers are usually trained in the art of hopscotching before they let us behind the wheel.
WHOLESOME
He’s got spring in his step.
This is a REAL man
Gadamm I needed that today.
How cute he is
It's what it's for no?
I mean are you not going to hopscotch through a hopscotch path? Just walk through it like some serial killer?
What a chill guy
Lowkey put a smile on my face
That was honestly smooth.
This is wholesome
Would been better of he tossed the package to a spot, and continue full routine
Too smooth
That's not sneaking. That's accepting an invitation.
💕
Let's leave a jump rope outside for him next time
Pretty positive he's got kids and showed them up more than a few times!
Is no one else interested in the fact that he’s not driving any kind of delivery truck, but rather a regular suv? What gives?
Looks like someone's having a nice day!
It's so refreshing to see someone caught on a doorbell cam doing something sweet not being a sleaze ball
It's not work if you love what you do 😊
See that's what I'm talking about. I L0VE FEEL GOODS !
FAKE
That’s straight up adorable. 😊
I’d probably do the same, given the chance to be a child again for a second.
i identify with this man on a personal level.
What you may not realize is most Amazon delivery drivers are not employees of amazon - despite the fact that that is an Amazon vest. This looks to be a personal car, so this guy is probably a Flex driver like me. Even the Amazon vans are not usually run by Amazon employees (at least in my area).  Amazon leases those out to Delivery Service Partners, which is basically a private company contracting with Amazon. This is done to minimize Amazon's liability.
Still got it
I thought he was gonna get hit by a car at the end.
Fellow delivery driver here. Can confirm this happens.
These sneaky PR videos are so gross.
Too cute! If u don’t hopscotch, we can’t b friends
Busted.
Was that delivery man driving a PORSCHE
Is this in Irvine? Those houses scream Irvine.
That was pretty on point and awesome!! I'd wana find out who he was just to give that guy the best review simply for doing that!! I mean really.. who else would've done that!? He's just too cool 👍
a freshly drawn hopscotch is irresistible and we all know it
We need more people like him
Hopscotch law says anytime you see one you must do it !!
And a lefty!
He just stole something, you didn't realize...



He just stole your girl
I feel like things such as this are what bring joy to the world. Just the small little instances where humans are completely innocent and just worry free. This man is awesome, and i'm just upset he didn't throw a stone into one of the squares.
Wait, are you not supposed to switch feet on the single hops?
I'll be first to admit it. This is totally what an Amazon driver will do when bored
Not sure why or how this is aww material. Hopscotch is mostly for little kids to play, not grown adults. Plus, he didn't hop perfectly, and roughed up some chalk. Now, the parent's of the children most likely have to fix the outline. Mom or dad might think it was their children's fault, and possibly get upset at them (if they are a Karen). But in reality, it was the Amazon driver's fault.

Also, the total time taken from the beginning of the hopscotch to the end is longer than walking. This could have been saved for the next delivery. If this guy plays hopscotch a lot, that time accumulates quite a bit.

Downvoted with extreme prejudice.
This is the spirit!
Aww, this is a nice bit of joy on an otherwise dull day.
that's my city!
Everytime I see a hopscotch I use it because that's the law!
I want to wholesome award this so bad but I'm dead ass broke
Legend... wait for it....
Cool amazon commercial. Fuckin hate this website.
Wow, this looks exactly like my old neighborhood.
I had to do a double take because this looks exactly like my old neighborhood.
Says to self “still got it “
bloods diversifying now?
Surprise fellow redditor this is a post on r/awwww that doesnt have a animal
That's so cute omg
Best thing I've seen all day! 💌
It’s kinda an invasion of privacy to upload something like this, assuming he wasn’t asked for permission.
It’s like that Black Mirror episode. He was ordered to do it. See how he checked his phone before he did that?
You can tell he does this a lot. Look at that form.
Excellent coordination
i love this omg
Make it harder next time, challenge him
I mean... who wouldn't do that?
he fucking nailed it
That was purposely placed there for one reason, to hopscotch. Do not disappoint it's creator.
Some of the neighborhood kids around me have decorated the sidewalk with these since quarantine. I feel obligated to do it every single time!! Go post guy!!
My friend caught an Amazon worker photographing a gator in the grass by the road.
Ya gotta stay active
That was clean
man... all mine does is run over my grass...
This is amazing to watch
Daaaaaammmm
It is the little things.
I mean... this is so pure!
r/Wholesome
the video repeats for no reason other than to waste my data
Wholesome
I LOVE AMAZON SO MUCH!
Made me (Amazon) smile.
[deleted]
Wholesome
This is wholesome
Wholesome
Awwwmazon.   Just for that I'm going to double my purchases.
[removed]
Staged.
Finally a delivery guy doing something wholesome. Lately it’s been people that are super gross.
Awww that so cute though
HOW ADORABLE! I want to marry this guy!!! ❤️
He should be fired for that. Hopscotch on your own time!
