DO YOU TAKE THIS WOMAN TO BE YOUR BRIDE?
WE ARE DISTANCED HERE TO JOIN THIS MAN AND THIS WOMAN IN HOLY MATRIMONY!
You should’ve told the couple you took pictures.. the flowers and candidness is so perfect
I like how you’re just hanging out in the bushes 😂
I love the bride’s dress! The bow at the back is such an elegant touch!
This is a great example of honoring social distancing while still allowing one of the most important days of your life to be celebrated and stood apart from just another day. Small and intimate. Good for them
His smile is beaming! That's a whole body kind of love flowing from his face. I don't think he would have noticed if anyone was there or not. What a beautiful thing to see.
People like this are sacrificing their wedding to do the right thing and people I know are still having parties every weekend
God, I hope these two are Redditors and see this! They'll probably have no other photos to remember the day. And this one is lovely!
This is a cute photo! The couple would love this
I know who this is! His name is Pete Harrison, and he’s currently running for Congress in NYC - [https://www.peterfornewyork.com/“](https://www.peterfornewyork.com/“)
Father, Smith, Warrior. Mother, Maiden, Crone. Stranger. I am hers and she is mine. From this day until the end of my days.

*Bran hides across the pond and sneaks a pic*
Come join us at r/creepin!
What a beautiful pic, love the framework of flowers/nature. Great job
Is it weird to photograph strangers like this? I always feel weird doing it.
Wow her dress is absolutely stunning
Corona got nothing on love
Simple yet intimate wedding
Whoever was paying for the wedding is a next level genius.
You’re their missing photographer
You may now touch knees with the bride
Am I the only one who finds this creepy?  Looks like OP was watching them through some bushes.
Good for them. My sister postponed her wedding for a whole year
Couple has been notified of the photo, they cool with it. 

One Love
New Yorkers can go out?
You don't need fancy and expensive items for a beautiful and good wedding. This is lovely and humble.
Did they know you were creeping on them?
These are obviously photos from OP
I hope they find your photo!
Love the ribbon on her gown!
Is that your fishing line caught in that tree?
I came here to say you better get that picture to them some how
...I'm sure I'd be their most cherished wedding photo
"Came across"
"...you can now remove your masks and disinfect each other..."
Why does that look like a stalker photo
Hope they get a copy of this picture! 😍
You see r/aww. I see r/creepy.
Perfect time to get married guys! Think of all the headaches a wedding like this would avoid... Save money for your Rona snacks! and that house in the country you want to buy with land...
So much fishing line in that tree...
r/farpeoplehate
Yeah we get it. You aren't social distancing cus you fuck each other.
why are you sitting in a tree?
There's a couple in my city who were planning to get married because the bride was (re)diagnosed with lung cancer (stage 4 I think, no chance of surviving). 

They wanted to go to Hawaii to celebrate properly and make it special (she's only 25 or so) but their plans had to be canceled amidst the outbreak, so instead they changes their plans and tried to make a nice local marriage. Shortly after they started replanting the city started the stay at home order and they couldn't do that anymore. 

They hope she can survive until this summer to do a proper marriage. 

This whole thing made me super sad :(
My mom married today to. It’s a wonderful day.
“You may now kiss the bride”

-what?

“YOU MAY NOW KISS THE BRIDE!”

-oh..fuck no.  She’s got the Rona
Central Park is so wonderful, I haven't such beautiful Park in Russia. :(
I think this is the first time I’ve seen a wedding where the officiant really was responsible for being a witness too
The bow with the blue dress reminds me of sleeping beauty when her pink dress turned blue by the fairies or whatever...it’s cute
[deleted]
It's a good thing you're there to witness it and make it official.
OP is a fucking creep in the bushes. Do you take pics of Central Park sun bathers surreptitiously too??
Sad that these very special moments aren't being shared with loved ones. Can't imagine missing such a pivotal time in the lives of my children. Hopefully life will get back to how it should be!
Cute picture.

However, OP is lying about 'coming across'. The wedding. They are the wedding photographer and just made up the caption for upvotes. This was likely completely outside the actual 'ceremony' (if there even was one). 

Think about it: why would officiant be standing so unnecessarily far away?  Id say the officiant stays more than 6ft away from the couple for most weddings anyway. The photographer directed the officiant and couple into positions (nicely into frame behind that convenient foliage, right)? 

Anyway, just thought that was amusing.
 :P  I feel like the post would have done just as well with a title "I photographed a social distance appropriate wedding" or something.
Love in the Time of Covid
I hate the fact that there’s random string in the trees.
Social distancing 😭
You may elbow bump the bride
Fishing line stuck in the branches... I know how that feels 😞
Webster’s Dictionary defines “wedding” as the fusing of two metals with a hot torch. Well, you know something. I think you guys are two metals. Gold medals.
iSpy fishing line on the branches
“You may now kiss the bride”

-what?

“YOU MAY NOW KISS THE BRIDE!”

-oh..fuck no.  She’s got the Rona
Corona isn't a barrier to Marriage, you can do it with social distancing in a remote area...
Honestly no people being there would be ideal for me
Guess you now count as one of the witnesses.
Love, uh, finds a way.
Man, I hope you can somehow contact this couple and send them this picture.
Love this picture. Looks Edwardian somehow. Lovely.
If it was me and my husband: 

DO YOU TAKE HER TO BE YOUR WIFE?

Groom: WHAT?! ARE YOU TELLING ME LOVE IS ALL LIES!?

priest: I SAID DO YOU TAKE HER TO BE YOUR WIFE?

groom: WHAT NO!? WHY DO WE NEED KNIVES??

Priest: 🤦‍♂️ *Text messages* Do you take her to be your wife?
I love her dress from what I can see!!
Fun fact, getting married in Central park is cheap. $25 permit from the city is all is takes to get married in any park in NYC.
Someone should write a book;  Love in the Time of COVID.
Is that one of the bridesmaids? Lol
Why are you hiding in a tree ??
I hope they see this or some one sends it to them. It's a great photo. I'd love it if that was my wedding.
I hope they see this photo on here. It's beautiful!
Doesn't look like there's a photographer at their wedding. This may be one of a few that they have of their special moment. Taken from a far distance behind some bushes zoomed in.
This is a great picture. I hope the couple finds it
https://media1.giphy.com/avatars/collin/Mypk4X7kTbH6.gif
That’s fuckin creepy, but I guess people wouldn’t upvote it as much if you said “Hi I’m a wedding photographer and I took a picture of this wedding during this pandemic stuff.”
Nothing like creepily taking photos of strangers on their wedding during a lockdown and posting it on reddit
Hopefully they dont get ratted out for being in public.
This is not the time for that kind of thing
This is the most beautiful and intimate ceremony I can imagine. I hope that was a special place for them and that they got a memory they can cherish forever.
Why couldn’t they have just waited a couple more months?
I went to NY in February, Central Park looked beautiful, but I'd love to see it again with a different weather, you know, flowers and stuff.
I wonder if this couple planned to get married at Central Park or decided get married there after COVID crisis forced everyone to shelter in place. Central Park has probably never been this empty
Please tell me you gave them these pictures they’re amazing!!
I hope they see this and keep it as their wedding photo. It's so beautiful.
Beautiful, and sad.
Not being rude but....They really couldn’t wait?
Very depressing
I was hoping it was video of Cuomo coming at them in a flying tackle.
That's way more than 6 feet.
I don’t want to seem nosy, but what’s that at the base of the tree?
Six. Goddamn. Feet
And some Karen probably shamed and reported them for daring safely leave their house to profess their love to one another.

*You don't care if people die!*
Kinda makes OP seem hella creepy
This is lovely.. But also a little stalky on OP's part.
Her dress looks pretty and he’s adoringly staring at her 🥺
You know, I kind of love this.  I kind of love that many weddings right now are being focused on the couple, and their decision to be together, in everything.

And some people like a party, and feel more complete with a lot of people there!  But I like that for some people, this is maybe taking some of the pressure off to do it the conventional way, and just doing the personal ceremony.

I love the variety of human experiences.
creep
That dress!
This guy saved a ton of money
Why is this on r/aww ?
All you need is love
I like the bride’s dress. The back is beautiful, I assume the front is beautiful too.
Oh lovely dress!!
What a sweet moment :) I just adore her dress!
I love this
What a great dress, Were you the photographer? Or did you come across another guy 10 feet apart, in the bushes taking photos? Lol
Wow very stunning love it.
That guy on the left looks ripe for memeing. 

Or Photoshop Battling.....
Isn’t that where they got stoned in High Maintenance?
did they kiss?
I hope you gave them a copy of this. They would love that.
In the midst of all the Hell in the big city, a wee bit of Grace appears ;)
Great time for weddings, few guests, beautiful, cozy, intimate and cheap.
Love will endure and will be strengthened by our struggles 

Thank you for sharing
I feel like this is going to be in a text book one day, like that pic of the sailor (forcibly btw) kissing that woman "V-J day"
When I eloped in Niagara Falls, there was a couple sitting just far enough away that I didn’t notice them until we kissed, and they cheered. It was a beautiful moment. I think about them constantly and wonder how they’re doing.
es asombroso
Find the couple so they can have this photo
You may blow a kiss to the bride.
Just lovely
Nice

 Webster's dictionary defines wedding as "the fusing of two metals with a hot torch." Well, you know something? I think these guys are two medals. Gold medals.
Top
That is so cute
How do we know it's moauwidge?
Why does that look like Brian from impractical jokers 🤔
Y’all are allowed out there? Thought they would’ve closed the park.
Love wins!
Private ceremony you say......
That was the actual ceremony? Very humble. To be honest, it reminds me of a Sim wedding.
What a beautiful picture, I hope they see it!!
Doesn’t there need to be a witness?
Westley: Oh no. It’s just they’re terribly comfortable. I think everyone will be wearing them in the future.
 Cute
My dream wedding. Some day we will re-new and do it right.
Beautiful pic.

You should send it to them.
Every year there is a picture taken somewhere by someone that captures the essence of that year perfectly. This one feels like the perfect representation of 2020 so far. 

The beauty of a wedding framed by spring blooms contrasting the effects that Social Distancing has on this wedding says a lot to me. Even though we have to stay apart in these dark times, we arent alone.
Oh good on them! They must be thrilled about saving so much money and not seeing shitty relatives!
I really hope they discover this photo
Looks Shakespearean
 Awww👏🏻👏🏻
I hate the groom’s shoes.
My fiancé and I were planning to marry in April but have postponed. This is so sweet to see
LMAO I thought his beard was a face mask. Never thought I’d get those two things mixed up. Hellloooo 2020.
Big sad hours
While zoomed out, I could’ve sworn his beard was a face mask.
Are her arms really that skinny?
It specifically says, in *sickness* and in health.   


What did you think it meant?
You must find them and send them this photo!
We've reached a point in this timeline where women will be removing their face masks instead of veils during their weddings lol.
My wife and I were debating whether to get married in May of 2019 or May of 2020. Damn I'm glad we chose 2019.
Please find them and since them this picture, they’d love it
Awwww!! I love this 🥰 Cheers to making new joyful memories no matter what!
...... I guarantee drugs and sodomy take place there.
.... are they wearing masks
Love in the time of quarantine!
Guy to the left has giant feet
Her dress is so beautiful!
The wedding official is about 15 feet away.  I wish people would do that at the supermarket.  It seems like some think COVID-19 is a joke.
They should have gone to Sweden , no lock downs lol!
The Groom has such a happy beautiful smile!!! CONGRATULATIONS Mr. & Mrs Newlyweds. BEST WISHES for a long and happy marriage!! May the smile never leave your face!!!
Do you at least tell to them "CONGRADULATIONS ?"
Are they rhaegar targaryen and lyanna stark?
Wait, where's the witness? Illegal!  Illegal! Call the KOPS!!!!
Blessings on their marriage.
This will be posted on here 60 years from now. "Wedding during the 2020 Corona virus pandemic."
Kinda sad, but also kinda wholesome, ngl
My fiancee and I are getting married like this on Monday on the roof of a parking garage
aww thats soo cuteeee <3
Ok, wait, this is cute and all, but there is an empty car seat - WHERE IS THE BABY??
This is precious
Why anyone wouldn't postpone their wedding for when they are free to move around with friends and family, I'll never know.
Yo the bride and groom aren't six feet apart
Leave room for Jesus.
May god bless you.
What were you doing hiding in The Ramble ;)
This is beautiful!
Listen here... I shut down the entire world for this wedding and I'll be damned if you back out now.
Is that even going to be a legal marriage? I thought you have to have two witnesses
I bet that was actually quite a lovely moment for them
What are those strings? Are people gonna tying fishing line to trees?
My heart 😫😖😖
The tree behind the guy standing alone, it looks like a branch in the foreground and makes the guy look poorly photoshopped.
Love this sm post that makes me question u/garydanku
This is like a secret fairytale wedding!! Reminds me of Rhaegar and Elia 😞
They need to stop. Love isn’t real!!! Quote me!!
This is going to be me in a couple days.
That’s awesome!
Imagine seeing this photo in 2019.
Sniper: Target Locked
Perfect time to when there’s nobody around!! Lucky couple
they're not six feet apart...
Wow, that’s beautiful to see during a time like this - elope and be merry.
Ugh I hope those trees aren’t Callery Pears. They fucking REEK like jizz or rotten fish
Whether he's there for the bride or the groom, that dude's a G!
Look how absolutely happy that dude is.  That just makes me smile too!
TOM!
That's adorable. I hope the couple sees this. If they didn't have a photographer, and I can't see one unless they're practicing extreme social distancing, this might be the only picture of the ceremony that exists.
r/wholesomequarantine
Forever alone gang where u at
Listen, marriage is sweet and all but this is just fucking stupid.
Good for them ❤
Look at what people have to do to avoid Edward the Longshanks despicable Prima Nocta policy. This is why it’s important to vote people!
He looks very happy
Kahkahdookie
Is this photo really from yesterday? Would not have thought the trees in NY get their leaves so late.
It’s a cream tart in one
I like how they tried to have a private wedding and now it's on the front page of reddit.  Good job OP
Is that my fishing line still in the tree???
*Here we witness a bride and groom in their natural habitat*
smart, save money with no guests
The man in the mask is actually a hit man
OP is actually part of the wedding party practicing safe distancing.
I hope they see this
I feel like this photo is going to go down in history. I immediately wanted to paint the bride in blue. It’s such a stunning image.
Is nobody seeing the big eye (probably from god) on top of the picture?
how a real wedding should be!
Almost like a watercolor
Awww
AND NOW YOU MAY NOT KISS THE BRIDE!
[deleted]
You may now blow a kiss to the bride
This is so sad. I hope these newly wed at least have a good time on their wedding day. And story to tell the kids.
he looks like my Spanish teacher lmao
This is honestly incredible. I truly hope this post gets big enough that a friend or family member finds it!
Wholesome quarantine marriage
Mawwiage.
I love the back of her dress! ❤️
Love finds a way.....
That’s a beautiful picture
Love in the time of covid
This is really heartwarming.  Thanks for sharing. Stay safe.
My dream wedding
I came here to comment on how lit and gorgeous that dress is, but omg all those princess bride quotes got me DYING. Needed it today, thanks Reddit. <3
I just love how you took a picture of them without them knowing
Her dress is cute
ew breeders
I may be really stoned. But this picture on so many levels means a lot for some reason. I could probably write a paragraph about it....I think.
It's sad though where are there parents? They should postponed the wedding.
Yup, /r/coronavirus says they should be arrested with a mandatory 6-year sentence.
CoronAWWvirus
Nice
Yep it was definitely the bridesmaid
[removed]
This.
A beautiful thing. Congratulations to them!
Am I the only one who read that as “Central Perk” or do I watch too much Friends?
Even from the distance the photo is taken I can see how happy the groom is.  :)  

Seeing this photo was a real awww moment.
I like how they probably got married at this time to be not seen by public but still get to the front page of reddit.
Pretty good photo, you should give them a copy
But why were you out? T_T
good thing op was there with that camera because it doesn't look like they have a witness
Arguably, this is more beautiful of a wedding than if it had the entire family there.  There's something amazing about there being just two people together.
The smile on his face and the way he’s looking at her melts my heart 😭
She has the most gorgeous dress. I really love that bow at the back.

But also this scene looks so intimate - i wish them all the best.
Is this allowed? I know New York is the center of the epidemic in the US. Well, at least they are alone
What a cute dress
NY Loving, but not that smart
I thought this post was going to be about the tree blossom that looks like a person lying on their side, staring at the camera.
Those two don't look 6 feet apart.
That's my kinda wedding
“... in pandemic and in non-pandemic...” 🥰
Beautiful!
Beautiful. Plain and simple. No one needed but themselves is such a sweet sentiment. Oh yeah, and that one guy to make it official
[removed]
They're not wearing any masks. Oh, wait. This is 'Murica.
I hope they are happy in this hard times
That’s an 800 dollar fine where I live lol
[deleted]
I like her reflection in the water.
Ok hear me out. Does anyone see the “heart” shaped around the lovely couple? Like a break in the tree’s branches
And this is the beginning of the tale named “the song of ice and fire”
Oh my heart
Given that most NYC venues are super expensive, is anyone excited about how frugal yet beautiful this is?
*music from Halloween*
Thank you for shoeing away the homeless vagrants instilled at this location. Your service will not go unnoticed.
Came to post that it was you.”
Please try to find them and get this picture to them! This may be the only picture of the ceremony that was taken given the pandemic.
Thanks for the meme template
Isn‘t it like the best time to do this ever? I bet normally the park would be overcrowded as hell.
"I choose a mortal life"
I think the one who take the picture is chuck norris
Now that’s a best man.
Gotta be John Lennon here- 
All you need is love. Love is all you need.
...God damn I wish I've already found someone to marry in this weird times

Beautiful
Love Will Carry Us Through.
Super tacky and cheap
This is just so beautiful. Actually this whole set up would be ideal. Just having this moment to yourself and your partner.
You can see his smile all the way from there!
The coronavirus is particularly convenient for lovebird introverts wanting to get married I guess
I LOVE her dress! Congrats!
God bless them. I hope they take care of themselves and others involved. And maintain social distancing at all times.
You stalking them up a tree ?
Maybe the guy with mask is friend zoned and now out of safety zone too
Inner Demon: Stop the wedding...
Me shouting: I still love you
This is so lovely. Thank you for sharing OP.
As funny as I find this, isn't this kind of illegal?

Maybe illegal is the wrong word.  I thought you needed witnesses at weddings?
This couple was going to just do the court house wedding but due to the quarantines in place almost everywhere. they had to opt for this.  and figured hey since we were going to go cheap lets try a hipster Social Distancing quarantine wedding.

My only question is the back pack the best man or the green lunch box / weird looking type of toolbox and which of the two was the maid of honor. next to the bench and along the tree on the right
[removed]
I hope you know what you're doing getting married
Now I want a stranger to take beautiful candid pictures of my wedding
The flower girl was an old lady out of frame feeding ducks bread at the pond and or the pigeons on her shoulders and hat. An i think the marriage officiant might of been a 10 min online course homeless person they bribed with a ok suit and a $20 bill for taking the class and staying undrunk long enough to get these 2 married.
I’m actually super happy they got to be wed where they wanted to, while also being responsible given the current situation. Congrats to them and very cool!
The wingman is just right there watching them so peacefully,probably crying
her dress is bomb tho
So sweet. They probably would live this photo too.
Something beautiful .....This definitely warmed by heart
This is beautiful
Yooo! Pamento and Diaz finally decided to get married!
I now pronounce you: sheltering in place in the same household therefore not require to socially distance and wear mask!
awww no geese or ducks in the pond in the photo because they were to embarrassed to be in the wedding photo when the Marriage officiant has a nicer more tailored suit then the groom.
Guy looks like Chris D'Elia
This looks so beautiful ❤️
Shes has an amazing dress
This is too precious
Aww... ♥️♥️ true love binds.
You may fly-kiss the bride now.
Lovely blossom for their big day. When we were in New York there were a couple of weddings going on in the park. Lots of guests having photos taken in their glad rags.
Beautiful. Live long and happy lives
Love his crooked smile!!!
That bow thoough
I’m just here for the comments!
Love in a time of Cholera
**im not crying ur crying !! ; ; **
Who here is American reply to this comment I am currently trying to study America because in 10 years I really want to move over there I am currently in England and I hate it sooo much any advice please reply
That is some devotion! :D
Nice!
So much for it making major decisions during quarantine..
Love in the time of COVID ❤️
In sickness and in health, amirite?
beautiful - so sweet -   
but always thought you needed 2 witnesses for a wedding (unless of course the photographer is the 2nd person)
This is cute
Vc BB nm2ww2a2n
Oh how beautiful:(
Nice
Looks so pretty!
All the "WHAAAT?" Commebts are reminding me of Invader Zim.

"ZIM!"
"Whaat?"
love conquers all. its just covid we are inlove
The dress is super cute with the ribbon bow.
I got married in Central Park in the Spring. It’s lovely and saved a ton of money on flowers. ;)
Arrest them, take no chances
Is this awww or is this get stalking
🗣️: IIII OBJECT!
I think I see DeBlasio waiting to pounce, never mind that’s just Jewish weddings that he crashes. Lol.
Kinda creepy that you took a picture of them, but I hope they find it.. beautiful picture!
I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may now ignore social distancing.
A pandemic doesn't mean an end to your dreams!
r/accidentalrenaissance
Were you hiding in the bushes again?
Dr. Fauci wants to know your location.
That's so sad :( I feel bad for them though I am sure that they are perfectly happy.
Someone must be desperate to have xxx
How intimate 🥰
My gir... wife and I yesterday :)
I was going to say most places need two witnesses. I only one.... but I then forgot someone had to take said photo. Silly me.
The blossoming tree makes this even more beautiful to looks at. Good job.
Where in Central Park is this?
the show must go on
If this exact photo doesn't end up in history textbooks about this pandemic I will fucking riot.
It’s not a wedding without Alex & Marty
This is so cool and profound because these people clearly care more about their marriage than their wedding.  I think for an alarming number among us, it’s the other way around.  

Mark my words, these two lovebirds will make it in the long run.
Take the Shot.
Lovely photo!
If that was my wedding, I’d be ok with that. I’m not good in front of crowds. So if I were to get married even without a pandemic recking the world, this would still be my wedding.
That's peter harrison -- he's running for office as a member of DSA in Carol Maloneys district
I truly if I had the choice I'd get married just like that. Weddings are competitions nowadays. Most of the people who you invite to your wedding gossip about you and your partner.
Love in the time of Corona.
This could be like those famous great depression photos in the future
"If anyone thinks these two should not be joined in holy matrimony, Zoom now or forever hold your peace."
DeBlasio will probably have them arrested!
<3
Looks like someone tangled their fishing line in the tree!
What a lovely dress. Looks a bit like a disney princess thing.
Love the blue dress❤️🎈
You need a witness for the marriage certificate (as well as the person officiating the wedding in NYC). Might need to do this again, or did you sign the certificate? :)
Nice
This is how my wife and I had to do our wedding over the weekend....just our parents, 2 witnesses, and our officiant in the park by the house. 
But this picture is actually really nice, I hope they see it!
Mazel tov!!! ❤
And this was the best wedding photo they could have asked for lol
 I am getting married on the 1st of May if it kills me! (It doesnt have to.)
Find them and send this to them. They will forever appreciate it!
If this were Toronto they all be told to sprawl on the police cruiser one feet apart while the Brownshirt two feet behind them issues them one thousand dollar tickets, Because safety.
Apparently quarantine doesn't apply to OP. I'd give the married couple shit too but at least they have a reason to be there.
Good for them. I hope they're happy.
What happened to lockdown
YURRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR🗽🗽🗽
This is so beautiful. The one shining light of this experience has been and will continue to be the bits of humanity that peak through the darkness, in large and small ways. May God bless and keep them both. And us too, if They can spare the time.
That's so beautiful
I’ve smoked a bunch of weed there! It’s a lovely spot.
Even during a pandemic...can't stop being in love
Fantastic.
Gorgeous wedding. Gorgeous photo 📷
I hope they see this!
Nice
I think you're the second witness.
Great pic of an awesome moment! I hope they see this.
I see the bride, the groom and the celebrant. Don't you need witnesses as well for a legal marriage? I know you do where I live.
Just to clarify, weddings here in Australia have been reduced to bare minimum number of people. Bride, Groom, celebrant and two witnesses. The two witnesses are essential legally. Not the case in New York?
Love in the Time of Corona.
LOL Look at all that fishing line. Damn I miss CP carps
Reminds me of the wedding scene in Braveheart... I really hope things went better for them on their first night.
They sure saved on catering!
[deleted]
The giant branch behind the best man is totally throwing off my sense of perspective 😂
awww that so cute.
Das adorable
.....but did y'all see da baby shower in Egypt
That bow I love it
Beautiful moment
Good for them and what a beautiful picture
That dress is gorgeous
Did you report them?  Those two people are entirely too close for the Crown's pleasure.  Make them separate
[removed]
What beautiful sight.
that’s a gorgeous dress though...
♫♪ *I, I will be king*  
*And you, you will be queen*♪♬
I love you so hard right now I'm an 80'a girl.
I hate this for many reasons
That’s a $750 dollar fine round my parts.
This will be the misso and me in December. Restrictions lifted or no, we will still be doing it 🤙
I hope they’re on Reddit! I love a bow!!! Congrats!!!
Well, that's beautiful. I wonder how many people did this
I could see this photo in history text books.  This - or something similar could be our times' expression of love, similar to the VJ Day sailor photo.
A bit of romantic stuff at this time of such bitter darkness will always get my upvote
Reading the comments made me sad lol I thought it was endearing.
I truly feel for the people who have weddings planned during this time. It is outstanding that they can keep their chin up and have a humble ceremony such as this. Kudos to the lovely couple.
That is so pure, simple and pretty！ 
Wish I could do this some time soon!
It’s Cinderella!
Best of luck to these two!
My fiancé and I have our date scheduled for October but, with every week that seems more and more up in the air

Props to these two for pushing through and still ha Inc a ceremony. A lot of tough decisions to be made these days. But thus makes me smile. Good for them.
I hope you wiped.
What a lovely picture
So you took a secret picture of them to post online? Creepy
Be blessed.
That is sweet as fuck.
So hopeful and beautiful.
Send this picture to Good Morning America, maybe they will find the couple for you! They did that for the cyclists couple! We need good news on TV anyway.
Awww my heart!
Maybe it's because of the wine but I am crying :')
We’re told to not go outside unless it’s essential, like for groceries, or medical appointments. 

Is a wedding essential?
Invasion of privacy
Oh yea hes gonna give her all the COVID tonight
DON'T DO IT!!!!!
lmao that one guy with the mask just like "i ant tryna get crona up in this b\*tch ight"
Doesn’t this still violate New York’s stay at home order?
Everyone saying how cute it is, and I'm just thinking they're gigantic assholes.

My boyfriend is a gardener at central park and had to go back to work this week because people won't stop using the park and leaving trash everywhere. We have to be at risk because some people wont stay the fuck home...
Whe nyou can finally get the.park to yourself.
CAN WE FIND THESE PEOPLE AND SHOW THEM THIS!!!
So cute!
😍
Beautiful!
❤️
Aww I hope you shared this photo with them somehow. ☺
Very nice❤😍
Creep
I hope they see this on Reddit don’t you ? Good pic they would probably like a copy. Post if you track them down! It would be fun to know👀😷🙏🏼
SOCIAL DISTANCING M8
I really hope you screamed something stupid lol
Pervert hiding in the bushes
Beautiful scene, they will be in it together,just them from the start, its probably more honest and heartfelt than most weddings
Central Park 🙄
Did they ask you to put your trousers back on once you'd finished...
this is fucking creepy
