Your daughter is a cat whisperer.
My 11 year old son we call the cat whisperer.  3 of my kids have cats.  They only hang out in my sons room. For a while I thought it was the bunk beds in his room, but we’ve since moved and he no longer had bunk beds. All 3 cats spend individual time in there, only one cat is actually his. He has a special relationship with all 3. They were all brought into our home years apart but have all found his room the best to go to, rarely do we find them in there when he isn’t home.  He had a special bond with our 10 year old dog that passed away last June as well.
Your daughter is a Disney Princess omg
Your daughter probably secretly fights off evil in the name of the moon
Its because shes their baby, are they girl cats by any chance?
I love how Luna sprints back to here this is so wholesome my god
Her familiar
Velcro-cat
This is so very uplifting as I have to put my boy down later today. He’s only six and my little best friend. He has throat cancer. Ironically, I’m a six year survivor of throat cancer. I got him right after I finished treatments. My soul is crushed. Pet the ones you have a little harder today.
I was like this as a kid with cats and still as an adult
I just understand cats better than dogs. Sometimes certain people just click really well with a certain kind of critter. She's going to be a cat mom for life
This is exactly what I need right now
Those little kitty squeaks! So precious.
I'd say your daughter was a cat in a previous life! They're so cute
And the cat ladies chant, “ONE OF US! ONE OF US!”
[deleted]
Does your daughter use a mint shampoo/bodywash/perfume?  Mint has the same effect as catnip.
*you are my human now.*
So cute.
Somebody gives good skritches.
Okay, here's the thing, animals are super receptive to when people are happy and often animals will purposely do things to entertain us or make us laugh.  Look at how happy your daughter is, and when the cat comes back to cuddle her, how much love and affection she gives the cat.  

Your daughter has a great heart and the animals pick up on that and adore her for it.
OMG I can't handle how cute this is!!
Your daughter has a beautiful smile and obviously a wonderful heart
My cats all hate me. Like the one tolerates me, but he is not my friend. The other one sees me and angry meows and runs away. He became a neighborhood cat and it makes me sad af. I love cats but cats dont like me. In fact they like my dogs more.  Jerks
A crazy cat lady in training.  She is blessed.  🐱
Thats so special!

My dominant male kitty, Faraday, is on my lap right now being the biggest little baby.

His meows are the cutest little squeaks, my other girl kitties have more manly meows than him, lol
So familiar.  We bought a cat who goes wherever my daughter goes.  It will accept attention from others, but when she's around, there he his right by her side.
I have a cat like this.  There are some days that I think "Jesus, get the fuck off me for 5 minutes" and other days knowing that she is going to act like this when I get home from work gets me through the day.
This is so unbelievably adorable. Thanks for sharing.
Disney princess detected.
I love Oreo cats for that reason. Lovely joyful smile on the girl, too - buddies forever!
They’re totally her familiars
[deleted]
Hm... the girl might have skooma and the khajiit might have coin..
What happened to the first one?
Poor kid never had a chance. The Crazy Cat People know it.
Is it possible to learn this power?
Check that shes not eating the catnip lol
She should become a veterinarian! Animals sense a good person and are most comfortable around them. She could make many many animals feel comfortable and help them in the process.
Wow. I can send Cat Mama over. She will balance out all that joy
That is the sweetest thing ever. Cats pick their people. I have 7, and only 1 of my cats is this clingy.
❤️
That is adorable and amazing! I can remember that I had some kind of connection with most animals I met when I was really young, but it just stopped happening when I got older. :((( Children and animals can have an amazing relationship ❤️
Does your daughter smell like catnip? Very cute btw
This reminds me of a short story I just read called Strays by Megan Lindholm. Your daughter is totally queen of the cats
She is the chosen one!!!! Lucky kid!
Animals are drawn to wholesome people :)
Your daughter has a gift.
Sorry, your daughter is fated to become a crazy cat lady ;)
Her destiny is to be a crazy cat lady. The fates have spoken.
Some people are like that. Every cat and dog and bird i win over minutes too. Heart warming and at times irritating
She's the Cat Whisperer. I need her to talk to my cat because my he has decided to stop eating. He now has a feeding tube and we have to feed him every 6 hours and it takes 15 minutes to push the food down so he doesn't throw up and he hates every second of it. We just need him to know if he will start eating again, this could all be over.
Man, wish I didn’t have cat allergies.
Beware. Your daughter is a disney princess which means you have to die before she can undergo whatever event awakens her magical powers.
Its super cute until 4AM when the cat won't let you sleep because it wants a cuddle every five minutes.
Well, that's simply adorable.
The kitty loves everything about her.
It’s one of those magical connections that is backed up by the cat’s senses.  It’s just wonderful to see!
Cats choose you, not the other way around. 

That little one is totally and completely that kitty’s human lol. So adorable!!!!
My husband is like this. I call him a Disney princess 😂

Every animal he's ever met just adores him immediately upon meeting. Dogs, cats, horses, birds, reptiles... You name it, they all love him.

I feel like there are some people that animals of all species are just drawn to. I truly believe there is something very special about people like your daughter and my husband. She's gonna do good things in her life and has a kind heart.
I have a theory that there are two roads to this.

People who really like cats (like Jackson Galaxy) learn how cats communicate and think, and work from there to be cat allies.

But there are also people who just have an imperceptible vibe that attracts animals.

I had a friend in college, a big, tall black dude who was a veritable Snow White with other people's pets. He didn't act any differently to anyone else but other people's pets would immediately hop into his lap everywhere he went. 

When we were shocked that our shy kitty cuddled up with him within a minute of his arrival, he told us it had been happening his whole life.
You misspelled Disney princess
Hooman will gib strokies and belly rubs! I lyk hooman
She's a disney princess. It's the only *logical* explanation.
It's the way that she talks and her body language. I know some chicks who are literally cat whisperers and they talk to strangers cats with the same tonality and they do the head bump thing on instinct.
Your daughter has the rare "human catnip" gene.
Your daughter is made of catnip
Obviously the daughter is part Disney Princess.
That cat will protect that kid with it's life at a moments notice.
She'll make a fine familiar once your daughter becomes a druid of the forest
That's so adorable!

I have a cat who does almost the same sort of thing. She exists in three states: riding on my shoulder, sitting on my lap, and meowing at me to either put her on my shoulder or let her onto my lap. 

Cats choose us, I swear.
Your daughter is a witch.
[Here she is with her first cat Pepper Potts. ](https://imgur.com/a/G7cwJ09)
Love how Luna just looks at the camera like "can I help you?"
I see 20+ cats in her future..
Please don't post your kids on the web. Some people are sick
Omg this is so adorable. This made my day and miss my baby kitty while working these 12 hour shifts❤❤❤❤
she's like "but i love you human!"
Aww this is so cute! Made my day
My husband is the same way. Animals just love him. He's had squirrels come up to him. They must have taken the animal magnetism feat.
All of our cats have been/are like this with my son. As far as I can tell, it only gets stronger with time.
Your daughter was a cat in a past life.
The cat has beanie eyes. You can’t say no to that.
Cuteness overload. Too funny.
I get the same response from cats for whatever reason. My cat, my parent's cats, other people's cats, (not every cat I meet but quite a few of em.)

I hear: "omg he/she is never like that with anyone" from the owners.
What a sweet and empathetic kitty. The way that some animals bond and connect with people amazes me.
So adorable I am in love!
This is the wholesome content I'm here for!

I want that cat love!
What an animal lover you have there! She is so sweet with her kitty.
Cat whisperer
She is the Chosen One!
We have a cat that bonded to my son the minute she met him (when he was 6). He’s 14 now and she still is only his. 

The other day I was playing around tickling his feet and she attacked me! 

If his bedroom door is closed she will meow until I come open it... but when I open it she growls at me, like she’s mad I didn’t get there sooner. Then she rushes through the door chirping and prrt-ing for her boy! 

Nutty cat.
Same cat, new body
I wish my cats actually loved me lmao
She's got them good pettinz.
I would pay money for the ability to attract cats like that. Maybe she is hiding catnip?
Sometimes cats bless us or a loved one with a bond. Your daughter has a wonderful little friend for life to cheer her up or make her smile!
I can only awwww so much irl.
My cats are just really layed back
That is adorable!
I wish my cat liked being near me
🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺
Must be a ranger
Your daughter is a cat whisperer.
WITCH! But in the good sweet white magic way! 💜
This warms my heart
#Behold, the cat whisperer.
Is your daughter made out of catnip?
She's a whisperer
this is adorable omg
Cat whisperer.... AKA psss psss pssss psss
That’s a big rabbit.
Some animals are just attuned to friendly vibes
They love her ❤️😍
Can we talk about?? How?? Jealous?? I?? Am??

Cats are usually such solitary creatures. Very subtle in affections and showing that they care. I mean, I appreciate it but damnit I just want a cuddle from _my_ cat!

Anways this is so wholesome
Shes a cat whisperer
Your daughter most likely has a beautiful aura to her. Cats are keen to sense it.
This made my hole day!
How do you obtain this power?
I would die for a bond like this
They are both adorable!
Meanwhile my cat will beg me to pet them then scratch me the second I touch her
Your daughter is like catnip to your cat lol
What a lucky girl! I’d give anything for one of our cats to be THIS affectionate.
You called the cat as I will call mine 😍😍😍
Stooooop the smile on her little face is making my ovaries ache.... so cute.
Your daughter probably has a good feeling with cats. She is probably going to be the one taking care of those in the future like me.
If you believe in hippy shit, she has an old soul.
I'm sure it's been mentioned a million times on here, but since i'm at work I can't read through all the comments. but clearly  your daughter gets along with animals very well. She should definitely look into vet school or zoology or somthing of the type. Natural calmness and inviting body language to animals is HUGE in the animal kingdom, and it seems she's got it.
She is a true Disney princess !
where can i find more videos like these
This is just like my new kitten we adopted almost a month ago! Mochi has totally bonded to me and follows me around everywhere I go and won’t leave my side for more than an hour or two to socialize with the rest of my family. I’m gonna be so sad when I have to go back to college in the fall ;-;

That being said this is such a sweet video and your daughter is lucky to have such loving pets.
I am also like this. My cats, well almost any cat I've met in my life is great with me.
AAAAWWWWWWWWWW 😅
Fuck, I wished my antisocial cats were like this
This cute video makes me want a cat.

Honest question: is a cat happy in an apartment with little possibilities to go outside?
Cats are the best :D
Cats know cat people. I have two cats and one of them is like this with me.
She is pure of heart, we must protect her at all costs
Omg the squeals are so adorable!
That's the most affectionate cat I've ever seen.
Cats know people. You're daughter is a gentle soul.
If you go for a walk in the woods, do birds fly around her, deer come calling and skunks running in pairs behind you? You might have something going on there.
That's so sweet, your daughter is going to have an incredible friend for life here. What a sweet kitty!
Animals can tell the measure of a person. Your daughter is a good egg!
Man, that is too damn cute.  I'm going to punch a baby to even things out.
Animals are more attuned to the natural. She's probably a cat whisperer/pure soul. Or a cat in a former lifetime
Cat whisperer.
Your daughter is the only one who will not be 'disposed of' when the cat uprising happens. You should do what you can to get on her good side now, she might be able to put in a good word for you.
I was like this with when I was little too! Only they used to scratch my face and run away!
My cat just takes a few head scritches and then shoves here anus in my face... -_-
She's Catwoman. Well for now she's just catgirl but she will turn into catwoman
Let me tell you about my best friend...
Your daughter has such a beautiful smile. Oh my god.
Oh my gosh, this is the most adorable thing I’d seen all week. Thank you, I’m sure we’ll all needed this
I love the way Luna’s just like, “LET ME CUDDLE WITH YOU”
Cat nip in her blood.
Aw, my wife’s cat was also named Luna. She died last night. She was an outdoor cat to keep mice out, and came home yesterday in the evening and had obviously gotten into it with something. She was a very sweet cat, but I think she was a little bit too sweet for her own good.
my gf parent have a cat and she is scared shitless of evryone exept for the dad. she is still scared, but somethimes he can pet her. i stayed two weeks and now everytime she sees me she comes cuddling up to me and  going under my sweater and falls asleep or purrs while i pet her.
There is an old saying about how you know someone is a truly good person: ‘children love her, animals trust her’... your daughter has the goods.
Maybe she’s a future veterinarian!  This is so cute.
Wow.  I've had a lot of cats and I like to think they all loved me as much as I loved them, but this is a whole other level.
My experience say that she must be an allergic, cats love allergics
Your daughter is a good person. Animals know if a person is good or not. Apparently your daughter is the best person ever, based on the cat's interaction with her. 😊
Maybe she smells like catnip to them. MAYBE SHE'S A BEASTMASTER!
It knows she was a witch in her previous life
Good hunters are always good with animals
Your daughters is obviously a witch.
My sister is like this, but with all our pets. They will all pile on her even when at someone else's house with someone else's pets. I don't get it. She's super friendly with the animals, but she hates people.
She’s snow white💗💗
Cats know beauty when it’s for real!
omg she's like cat nip! sweetie can't stay away 😍
They say great hunters are good with animals.
I’ve never had this kind of luck with cats! All I’ve very wanted was a sweet kitty haha. Anyone know the trick?
Love me, adore me, shower me with kisses!
Those aren't cats. Those are her familiars, or the same one keeps returning.
I'm sorry, but my diagnosis is that your daughter is a Disney Princess. There is nothing that can be done, so I wish her the best of luck in dealing with this life-long condition!
This is cool. Count yourself lucky when a cat shows this much affection.
I am having flashbacks of how my cat runs away from me unless I feed her...
My cats just stand between my legs for food
That cat has claimed her lol. I'm assuming your cat is younger just by first glance so that makes a lot of sense as well.
Cats are awesome, a dog doesn't care if you're totally mashed potato (a cat will brakecheck you for your shit).
I’ve never seen a cat this affectionate with a human. My heart wasn’t ready
So, she IS catnip.
This is witchcraft.
Your daughter is clearly a cat goddess in mortal form
She's a witch
And here in begging my cat for the slightest bit of affection
Girl's a witch.
This is adorable and I’m glad I saw it but I can’t imagine posting my kid to the internet like that.
She's a cat whisperer
I wish I wasn’t allergic to cats
Cat always finds the cat person.
And people say cats aren’t affectionate
your daughter is clearly a delight.
so she's a disney princess lol
I firmly believe animals can sense what kind of person you are.
Is it just me or does she look like a little girl version of Gal Gadot?
They look so adorable together.
one day she is becoming creazy cat lady :D
This is too fucking adorable
I’ve seen comments about “cat whisperer”, and all jokes aside.... they exist. Weird as it sounds. I know cuz I’m one of them. 

My pre at had a dog rescue as I was growing up. 10-15 at any given time. I found myself unusually gifted in dealing with traumatized pit bulls and the like (to date I’ve never been bitten) from a young age. I can look at a seemingly vicious Akita and think “oh be quiet” and they’ll stop like you cut the power to a set of speakers and look at me quizzically. Not saying I’m telepathic, but aparently something is going on they can persevere. And likewise, I just feel what’s causing them distress. 

Likewise, and even more so for cats. I’ve been places where there’s a colony of feral cats in the woods, and all I have to do is sit down 50 feet from the wood line and they’ll come out and use me as furniture. Like I’m one of them or somthing. At first it was irritating, ANYWHERE I went cats came out the woodwork to sit with me and squint (sign of trust). Once I was in a prison full of strays, and before I made the tour we had 20+ cats in a big group trailing behind us. Weirdest thing.

In the years since, I’ve had two that were mine. And I became rediculously attached. And likewise, they’d go to war for me. One even took in a racoon infected with parvo that had attacked me in broad daylight on my porch. And took that bastard OUT, too.

Cat whispers exist. It’s a familiarity and trust, I guess. Not that you speak their language, but you speak feelings.  Trust me
Your daughter must be an angel
Natural witch
Might just be the most adorable cat I have ever seen. Talk about human to animal bonds
[deleted]
This is the best thing Ive seen in a long time.
[The cat whisperer ](https://youtu.be/y897tozJeg8)
I had a cat named Luna but then my parents sold her without telling us.
Your daughter must have the purrest soul.
my step dad attracts ALL cats just like that
Don’t put your kids on the internet.
Hey, I too used to have a cat named Luna

...till she died last year
The cat chooses the owner, miss luna. It's not certain why
Call her Catwoman
Wholesome!!
[deleted]
she looks like violet from the incredibles
Luna is the best cat in the world and she's so soff
Used to have a cat like this. Anxiety. If I left the house for a couple hours, she'd be crawling down my shirt when I returned. If I went away for the weekend, she's lick herself bald. And biting, biting constantly.

Best/worst pet I ever had.
Hey, just so you know, your daughter is a young witch, the cats know it, and they're teaching her how to harness her powers like good familiars.
Your daughter must be very very sweet
This is my dream
In before she becomes the main character of a movie about talking to animals
My cat is like that with me too
She is the cat whisperer
Your daughter is the next Dr. DoLittle. She has no choice. Her future career has been chosen for her.
WOW...that cat is in LOVE with her
As far as I know cats,  she will have an allergy develop later in life...  The cat just senses it beforehand.
OMG! This is so sweet.
She's the one. We'll watch her career with great interest
I love how Luna puts her little paws and footsies up at the same time
Adorable omg
Cat Whisperer
"I have decided that we are besties and there's NOTHING you can do about it!"
"Let me love you!"
“Dad quit yelling what?” Love him already
Your daughter must have a wonderful soul
Absolutely adorable. That's true love!! What a beautiful relationship 👸🐈
It made me smile to see the love the cat has for your daughter!  So cute!
If animals do stuff like that with someone that usually a sign that they are a really good person
Maybe she smells like chicken.
my bf's cat is like this with me. will literally sit on my face for pats 🤣
Hah. I'm like this with dogs.

No matter how many times they put me down, I keep curling up in their lap.
SHE IS QUEEN OF THE FELINE-LEEN
Maybe she smells like cat food
She has a scent the cats like..natural or shampoo/ other?
Awwwwww
Future crazy cat lady in the making lmao
Meanwhile my cat randomly tries to rip off my leg time to time
She has the catnip gene.
Meanwhile my cat scratches me if I get within a 5 meter radius.
I swear that cat is looking at you to make sure you’re watching/recording his antics
Smart kid. She didn’t fall for the bear trap trick.

My arm would be mincemeat.
This is the highlight of my day!
That child’s smile
That kitty’s pink nose 
The two cuddly cuties!
Your daughter sweats cat nip
I'm so jealous, my cat's a complete shitheel 90% of the time and I can't get him to behave at all
A neutral born cat whisperer
She has the energy. Animals see and feel what we cannot
She is the chosen one.
The Cat Wheesperer
She's a cat whisperer
Probably her scent.  My sister was a cat magnet too.  When she wasn’t home any cat we had would seek out a shirt of hers to cuddle on.
What happened to the first cat?
Those back legs
I'm a grown ass man and I want to have that kind of a relationship with a cat in my life!
future carole baskins
i.. didn't know cats could be like that... i want a cat....

edit: I want a cat *like that one*
Sorry to tell you that your daughter has been dealing in the cat nip business!
Looks like the setup to an amazing story about love across time, reincarnation or some such thing. ^ ^
She is.......the Cat Whisperer

Did somebody else already post this?
“couch human why are you moving me to the other end of the couch? all the snuggles are over by you! ❤️❤️❤️“
Cats just know who the good ones are.
She has the gift!
So sweet.
I've seen an adorable moment or two in my life. This is one of them.
She’s a witch :3
Your daughter smells like catnip
I love cats. Guy at work constantly moans about cats. They are disloyal, don't love anyone and just use people. I'm going to show him this and ask for an explanation.
I’ve always felt animals can tell if you’re a goodie or a baddie. She must be a goodie.
Instand connection! Maybe it’s because of her voice?
She loves her very much !
Luna: "U don't have to go anywhere, right??"
LUCKY! My cat hates me.
Thank you for sharing this, this is so completely awesome and I haven't smiled this wide in a long time :)
This is incredible! I hope she does something with it :)
She’s the chosen one!
Aww, that’s sweet!!
This is a cat who knows what she wants, knows how to get it, and absolutely will not take no for an answer.
Get some birds and ferrets, test for full Princess.
Is that the cat making those noises when it runs back? Regardless, it’s cute af!
Kitty whisperer.
The Cat Whisperer
Catnip scented body wash?
My husband is human/2nd human to several dogs, none of which are ours. Most are owned by friends and stay with us or my parents whilst the owners are on holiday. 1 dog is owned by my in-laws and becomes velcro dog around hubby.
The kitty whisperer!!  Very cute
Black and white kitties are my fav they're so adorable
This is the most heartwarming thing I've ever seen
Cat whisperer lol
That would drive me insane.
Meanwhile my girlfriend's cat stares at me all day and takes swings at me as I walk by him
Looks like Jackson Galaxy has some competition for title of cat whisperer.
Three out of four of our cats are also totally in love with my daughter. She's the cat lady of our house. I guess cats are just like that with little girls.
I’m pretty sure she’s a Disney princess
It's the catnip herbal shampoo.
That is pure smile material
This is absolutely precious.
That’s a good kitty
WAIT I HAVE A CAT THAT LOOKS LIKE THAT AND HER NAME IS ALSO LUNA
Cats know who loves them and who takes care of them
/u/vredditdownloader
This might be the cutest video I've ever seen.
She has obviously swapped places with a version of herself from a parallel universe where people's souls live outside their bodies. That's not a cat but her daemon. Check around for doorways cut into spacetime.
Im jealous
That’s so fucking precious omg
This is me with my cat when I just finished cleaning the house. Somehow, the (organic) soap I use is like catnip for him. I always feel so special when he keeps licking my hands and softly bites in them.
Wish someone loved me like that
thats precious!
How do you call the children equivalent of a Disney princess? she's that.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Damn I'm jealous my ferret would love me like that.
You better stop feeding her catnip
Very smol cow. 14/10.
tEach me your wAyS
I’m not really a fan of cats but this is adorable
It seems pretty obvious that the cat is responding to the kitten noises your daughter is making.
This is the cutest thing I’ve seen in my entire life full stop.
Someones secretly rubbing cat nip all over her clothes
Honestly I just think some people must smell good to cats.

Ours will curl up on my dirty laundry, but not on my wife's. They also sleep all over me and my side of the bed. She likes them just as much as I do, but they choose me.
Same with my wife, any pet we watch/foster/adopt will all gravitate towards her while I’m chop liver.
Definitely a familiar, daughter may be a witch
Cats are good judges of character.
Our cats are probably distant family members.
My cat does the exact same thing but in reverse.
omg we have the same kind of cat and we also have named her luna! this is a crazy coincidence!
They’re both beautiful!
Where, is, the fish. I smell it!!
Luna sounds like the baby Dilophosaurus from Jurassic Park
Isnt that lovely ❤
This is nice
Cat Whisperer
Some people are just animal people. This too happens to me with my boys(cats) and its the reason why we adopted the 2nd guy.

Even when I go to friends houses their pets always want to spend time by me.
Animals have a natural trust for Hunters.
I have a cat named luna as well! :D
r/petthedamncat
She must have a most worthy wonderful soul!
My exes cat used to do this, cuddle up in my arms while I watched sports, then fall asleep while suckling my sweatshirt. Miss that cat. I cried when I broke up with my ex, ONLY because I’d never see that cat again
I’d cut my feet off to have my cat do this with me
Phoebe Buffet
They’re her familiars. So cute!
The cats know she is an old, good soul.
She’s like catnip for cats.
Wholesome.
Good energy I think. My mom is the same, always attracts animals for her attention. Never owned bigger than a guinea pig though.
I used to be this way. I moved into a house with 2 of my own cats, and my friend had 4. I feel asleep one day, after 12 hour shift on his couch. All six cats were sleeping on me. He woke me, and said I was the cat whisper. I believe those cats wanted to eat me, and were just following the cat that hated me.
Aww those little kitty squeaks.
Damn this is incredibly adorable... Amazing how some cats approach you for food then bugger off to do their own thing and you'll only hear from them again when they're hungry again. And then you have others that just can't get enough of you like this one.

I had a "can't get enough of you" tuxedo cat once. He was awesome! Derpy cat but the sweetest thing ever.
Your daughter is made of catnip, obviously. How sweet!
I remember I had a cat it hated us and it ran away
Your daughter had been adopted by Luna.
She is the chosen one. Bow down before your superior
Awww
Growing up, I was the one in my family that all the cats and dogs loved most.  Maybe because I was the only one that wasn't  loud, unpredictable and koo-koo.
Cat Whisperer!
Cats tend to do this at times... this one cat used to pass by our condo....once we kept a bowl of milk outside and sure enough this cat came around, examined the sorroundings and sure enough.. started drinking...within a week she would wait for us at the exact same time for us to come out with a white Bowl of milk... sometimes she would hang around the back end of the house for meat refuse and other waste...and then the lil girl started bonding with us, coming up to us and enjoying our pats and strokes, she was especially fond of my lil bro who was barely 4 at that time...as fate would have it, she came under the wheels of a truck barely  a month after we first fed it...do miss her at times...
My cat Ebony has been like this since my dad brought her home, shes saved my life so many times and I love her so much more than she will ever know
Cat magnet
*Catwoman*
Its a princess!
I dont even like cats,but this is unbearably cute !
She's Eliza Thornberry for cats.
This is the best thing I ever saw.
I simply love this.
I'm so jealous. I wish cats loved me this much.
What a beautiful pair
Cowcats are the best cats. Mine is named Mooney and looks almost identical! Love this post!!!
This is adorable!! Love it!!!!
Kinda jealous about how everyone is talking about different animals that they or someone they know have a special bond with, cause for me I have a special bond with birds and that bond is based on hatred. Birds hate me and they always die around me! I am always finding hurt birds that are seething with hatred towards me and they all die.
Probably has cookies in her pocket.

Edit: no spongebob fans I guess
We have 3 cats, Stonie is like Luna. Always jumping in my lap or always underfoot. Gets to be a pain.
That warmed my heart. How sweet!
I'm a little bit jealous ! This Luna creature is an angel, and maybe she senses "angelness" with the girl...
I've not read through (Have an appointment to get to).

Does she like cats? My experience is that people who are not especially fond of cats attract them like a magnet. Ours knew when a friend who was allergic came in the door. They were all over him, poor guy. With everyone else they headed for the bedroom and hid.
I envy you enormously! Well done OP, love them with all your might!
Her future husband better watch out for tigers. 

Seriously though, that's adorable.
Some people are cat magnets, I wish I was one  >.>
Protecting her from the troll trying to steal her breath!
Cute
This looks like the doppelgänger  for my cat dot, same Black mask thing over head, black tail, Huge black spot on back.
Maybe her shampoo has catnip. lol.
Can anyone explain this? Did the cat chose her? And why?
Awwwww. That is so o sweet
I wish my luna was like that..
Your cats sooooo cute! I have 5 cats (which are the neighbours) and they follow me around. I can TOTALLY relate!
Cat whisperer.

Something I always say about animals - they're honest. They don't hide their intentions. They can sense stuff about people that we, as humans, can't. 

So for any animal to love a human this must = it says a lot.
Omg! This to freaking cute
I think your daughter has to become a vet now. ;)
Never thought I'd see a Shepherd Druid IRL
She *adores* her! :)
I sometimes wonder what it is that makes certain people immediately and obsessively liked by animals. I don’t feel I really do much of anything but animals always seem to like me right away, but for one of my friends, dogs and cats always seem to dislike or fear him. He seems like a normal dude to me. Maybe it’s body language somehow? He doesn’t really like dogs or cats much, but I also wonder if animals tending to dislike people causes them to dislike animals as well. Maybe animals can just tell the person doesn’t like them? It’s sort of a chicken-or-egg problem.
Does Luna act that way with anyone else in your household or just your daughter?  If not, do you have any theories as to why?
It's enough to make a grown man cry
Her level's on par with ksksks man..!
Is your daughter by any chance composed of cat nip?
Cats seem to like me too, ive had them run up to me in the street and my friends cat decided to sit on me like this, must be something that makes them want to be close
So sweeeet
Could it be....catborn?
Just like the children stories and the legends
Why does she act like that though?
Hi, I'm a cat whisperer too! She's a natural. It's so great to see other cat whisperers!
Does she by chance smell like tuna?
She is the chosen one.
My dad is like this with my dog. Im jealous
As someone who works with cats that's kind of unusual honestly! She must be a natural cat whisperer!
That is PRECIOUS omg
Yep those 2 are gonna be buds for life😄
Why does everyone calls their pet Luna?
My boy Rigby gets like that after I have showered.  He gets almost viciously cuddly.  I can’t pry him off me.
So adorable :] looks like a large set of happiness you got there
They're adorable!
She is the devil
That's really cute
My cat.... would never.
I've been having a very tough day, and this brought a smile to my face ! Thank you !!!
The resemblance is uncanny! This is our girl, [Potato](https://imgur.com/a/GI4TmgY) but she’s not nearly as cuddly as your cutie!
I lost my best kitty friend a few months back and this made me smile and remember her. She was just like this I had to carry her everywhere she was a constant shadow. Thank you for sharing :)
Sooooo jealous
Does she plan on being a Vet because some people just have this reaction on animals.
i love this, i cant stop watching it! thanks for making my day!!!!
Maybe she smells like cat idk
She needs to be a veterinarian, she has the gift!
nice
It's the little things like that unconscious head scratch
we need pets now more than ever.
Your daughter is an Egyptian Queen reincarnate.
This is exactly like my cat with my 5 year old. Our cat adores her and will get under the covers with her and sleep with her every night whether my daughter wants her there or not. The car literally has to have her paws touching my daughter or her head next to my daughters face to be satisfied.
A sprinkling of catnip on your daughter?
Awwwwwww
This is the best thing I’ve seen ❤️
Stop rubbing catnip on your children.
Does she feed the cats?

Kinda similar to demand meowing.
Cats know *their people*.
“Love me lickle hooman”
What breed is this? It is so sweet
Your kid is smuggling catnip
Seriously.  My cat is this exact same way with my 13 yr old. He'll just be sleeping contentedly in my lap but if that kid comes in the room he wakes up, lets out a tiny mew and is at that kids heel till he sits down then snuggle time.
What happened to the first cat?
Cats can sense the good ones ☺️
boop
i had unbridled happiness like that once... for a minute... back in 3rd grade.  It's been a real roller coaster since then.
I wish my cat loved me. All mine does is bite my legs and yell at me.
Behold, the chosen one.
She has been chosen! 🙌
Check your laundry detergent ingredients for catnip
God this is so sweet! Whoever says our cats don’t love us needs to see this video!
That just made my day
Are you sure your daughter isn't dealing catnip?
Your daughter has a way with cats then. She must be a cat person lol.
Animals are supposed to be a good judge of character
I have two tuxedo cats. They're very affectionate... Is it the breed?
My cat has a heart of ice...
Your daughter is a witch!
Adorable! Both Luna and daughter!
She is simply destined to be a crazy cat lady.
I'm a cat and dog person but for some reason, anti social cats have always gravitated towards me. I've been asked so many times how I do it and honestly, I  haven't got a clue. I think they really just choose.
My elementary school crush's smile is just like your daughter :( 

good times ,-,
How's her health!?!
That's super cute
Sshsshshshshsh little one you are hers now
r/MadeMeSmile
Cats love girls
My god that cat is so sweet. Record more videos please
Wow I've never seen a cat so crazy about a person! You are both lucky!
This is far too adorable, damn you
I wish my cat was like this
that cat likes her !
She smoked catnip. The cat is just following the scent
Need to save this for all those people who say cat's can't be affectionate.
Maybe she smells like catnip.
As a person who has always had cats gravitate towards me, and someone who grew up with a cat and kittens, I think it must be smell based. Some people give off a scent that they love. Most of my cats have been kind of clingy like this with me.
Dad help I'm being overrun by the cuteness
She is a cat lady now
Sweet Soul
I hate to say it but I’m jealous.
Maybe she was a cat in a former life.
I had a cat like this before I gave him to my cousins to watch over while we moved and he got lost on their property
Wonder if they think she's mom?
How in the hell do cats treat her like that?! My cats are from THE DEPTHS OF HELL
Probably has nothing to do with that noise she makes.
That cat is thinking "This one is smaller than the others.  Perhaps I can eat it."
Why does everyone who owns a cat have at least one named Luna?
I don't like cats (bad allergy), however, they fucking love me. It's a nightmare.
Cats figure out who is awesome
oh my god. that is absolutely adorable. how lucky they are to have each other! :)
This is so damn cute
Your daughter was prolly a cat in a previous life. This is sweet
I have had over 25 cats in my life. They have all been this way with either my mom or me. Now I have a dog like this.
She's very lucky
This is SO sweet oh my goodness
maybe she’s an empath
Man, this makes me miss Humbug. 

When I was her age we had a black and white cat named Humbug that was so unique. He ate spaghetti, looked both ways before crossing the street, and wrapped his arms around your neck and hugged you when you picked him up. When I was an infant he would come sit with me in my crib when I cried. He passed away when I was 9 or 10. I’m 33 and I still think about that damn cat regularly.
Have you considered your kid is magic animal talker or some thing
I really think animlas feel when a human have a good heart.
u/vredditshare
I'm jealous! We have two cats in the house and they both loathe my daughter. She's only ever been sweet to them, but they just hate her. I dream of having a kitty like this.
Evidently, your daughter is the cat whisperer.  :)
OPs daughter is probably vibrating on a very comfortable frequency as the cat feels it, which makes her not wanna leave her territory, probably mostly because the stimulation that OPs daughter gives the cat.

This ideology can be seen when two people “click” or “vibe” with each other.
Your daughter is the cat whisperer, or should I say the cat pspsps-er
This girl: Exists
Cats: You’re so fucking precious
/r/PetTheDamnCat
What kind of cow is this?
Aww its precious how much that kitty loves her.
I MUST PROTCT.
How did the first cat taste?
She's a "Breow person". A Breow Person is someone who can communicate within both the human and cat worlds. With cats, they're seen as other cats and can easily communicate with cats. With humans, we can help humans decipher what the cat is intending to communicate or do. We call these Breow People because most humans think cats are "meowing" but in actuality, they're speaking "breow" the chosen language of cats.
This may be one of the cutest things I've ever seen, OMG.
A real Disney princess.
You guys are a lucky family! Brought a huge smile to my face
It must be what she was wearing...or how she smelled/tasted.
Looking at that cat's eyes, I would say she had some catnip
Who snuck catnip into her shampoo?
Super sweet
This warms my soul
Probably the best thing I’ve seen on Reddit
This the best video on this page yet
Made my day that
Y2m7
Ipk.22qq
So adorable!
The cat whisperer
I never owned a pet in my life honestly but that reminded me of my friend's cat since the first time, she would come up to me and sit down in my lap, make herself comfy so I would pet her whenever I stops she would pet her head against my hand until I started petting her again. They was one of the sweetest thing ever happened to me!
Some people have that smell, way, touch, etc that an animal wants to be close to.  Your daughter has that.  From the video, that is really good to have and she's the friend to animals that they want to be around.  I'd tell her to avoid being a zoo vet though, I cannot imagine the image of a mature lioness slinking back to her and plopping a few hundred pounds in her lap like that. :)
That is so friggin cute
They're so sweet! 😻
I want this superpower
My guess is she is a Pisces.
The light is strong in this one
Animals are a good judge of character.
This is so precious! Your daughter looks sooo sweet! That’s a lucky kitty!
r/MadeMeSmile
They are both so adorable
Doctor, help! My heart just melted!
What a lovely cat ! Its wholesome :D
Vacation Bible School! Man, all the cool Christian kids I knew got to go to that. I was brought up Catholic so for some reason we weren't included. I've heard a ton of cool stuff about it though.
I dont know if it's just me, but I've noticed that there's a couple people I know that are 100% genuinely selfless, caring, animal loving and down to earth people that seem to have the gift that cats or dogs just automatically love them. Even ones that are usually grumpy or unfriendly. 
I've always wondered if the animal can sense than they arent a threat more easily and relax around them quicker.
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
A Magnitty
Once you start giving the cat food, then you'll see the different reactions
Luna Lovey Dovey.

Spayed yet?
Well that’s just adorable.
Beautiful girls! So sweet
A happy video :).
I had a cat like this, he is not alive
Animals just know
u/vredditdownloader
She’s absolutely squeeeeeeee material!! Omg, the squeak coming out of her is priceless. She’s definitely infatuated with your daughter...what a treasure that kitty is. 😻
So your daughter is human catnip
Clearly your Daughter exudes cat pheromones.  This is super cute, but could be annoying, especially when she wants to sleep.
maybe she smells good
One of the most wholesome posts I have seen.
Adorable cat and adorable kid.
This is the sweetest. That smooch at the end. 🥰 What a bond.
Ow, my heart.
Maybe it's some kind of pheromone that just vibes with cats.
This is the cutest thing I’ve seen in a while. Definitely belongs in r/mademesmile
stop feeding your child catnip for internet points. it’s disgusting. divorce your husband
What a joy! Thank you for sharing this.
Every cat we have ever had as a family i have never wanted, they seem to sense this and suck up to me to the point where, fuck it... il die for them. Love my cat bros
Well that’s adorable
She’s like human catnip!
I've been allergic to cats for the last 20 years or so, but I'm living my mom to help take care of her and she's fostered half a dozen kittens. Every single one of them see me and come running. Even her old cats who should've taken the hint by now, still jump up on my lap when I'm watching TV or something.

Maybe it's because I'm the one who feeds them, but I'm a cat magnet.
Luna has some built-in catnip!
Gah my heart...its melting! Both girls are adorable. Your daughter is a cat whisperer!
This looks like my cat who I had since 2006 who passed away last year. She acted the exact same way with me and I got her when I was 12. This brought me to tears. (Happy tears)
She’s a cat whisperer. That’s cute
lol Cat whisperer!
This little kitty looks like our rescue cat, but she’s only nice to me... although not as nice as this one! Shhhh... don’t tell her I said that...
/u/vredditshare
She’s a baby witch! :)
Lucky
She is proficient in Animal Handling.
That’s a weird looking dairy cow
Dk about cats, but I think dogs can sense people who are good or not. She must be a really sweet girl!!
I love this kid!
that is so cute
She has a natural gift with cats, maybe animals in general.
This is too cute I can cry!
She doles out the love to the kitties!
Your daughter looks like a young Elizabeth Olsen
That's cute as fuck
Awww
Some animals get it. They see something in others. I can't explain, and I'd chalk it up to "wavelengths & vibrations" but they're picky sometimes. It all depends.
In my childhood  years love animals  cats and dogs  alike,    there is no secret  to be loved by animals. 

Generally speaking, if you  are outdoor type of person -  nature  loving,   grounded  to plants trees, etc....    

  animals  sense that naturally and be always close to the source ex: human who project power of chi.
Your daughter is basically catnip
Doesn't get any cuter then that who disagrees.
She has been chosen by her familiar
Luna looks almost _identical_ to my previous cat (who got run over by a car 🙁)
She found her human!
#NeverHadAPetGang
I would pay my cat a million dollars for this kind of affection 😂
I'm 29M and I don't want kids I'm all about getting money but if I ever have a kid I want one like this, it's actually really cute I've never said that before I hate kids.
She has a pure soul
that's the cutest cat behaviour I've ever seen
Your daughter might be the next Kitten Lady! So precious 😻
My son is like that with dogs. Any damn slobbery, dopey or scary looking dog: they become so chill next to him.
The cats have found their queen
My cat who looks exactly like him and was also a cuddler just died 2 days ago, why you do this to me reddit :(
I think your daughter just has a very good soul. I swear, animals can pick up on things we cant and they're drawn to people that have a good energy. Its adorable to see when they get this attached to a person
