That made me smile a big smile. How sweet!
Dan McKernan! I went to this guy's animal rescue (animal planet is airing a series about it) and met him and his staff. Beautiful human being. They are all such fantastic people there in Michigan :')

Edit: the rescue is called Barn Sanctuary and the series on Animal Planet is called Saved by the Barn
He has a show called saved by the barn about his animal rescue.
I just got a bird yesterday, so far he just likes screaming at me. But then will happily sit on my arm and watch TV with me.
D’aww. That is really really sweet!

He kinda looks like a young Hopper from Stranger Things and that makes me love this even more.
posts like this helps me realize how big the world is.

No matter how many time I think to myself "damn this is like the X repost, havn't everyone seen this by now", the comment sections is always filled with people who actually haven't seen it.  It helps me understand how people use the internet differently than I.
My bird is sick, i miss this
"You have strange feathers but I will preen them for you anyways"
So adorable 💕
I took my phone to the bed of my 81 year-old mother and let this vid play twice. She laughed and loved it. Thank you!
Me when my man brings me foods.
I love the way the birb fixes his hair almost as if he is fixing another birb's.
Watched for cute guy
This is one of those posts that you see pretty regularly reposted and I love it every single time! I will never not enjoy seeing this tiny bird snuggle and the way this dude's face just absolutely melts!
Congrats, you’re a Disney princess now
I got a kitten only a few months ago. I was out of rehab and just got a place living alone again in a new town. When that kitten rubbed its face on my face kind of like this I broke down crying man. It's so nice to feel love.
Both are keeeyyoooot
Never thought I’d be jealous of a bird... but here I am.
These birds understand love more than you think. 

RIP my cockatiel Josefina, formally Jose until I found out it was a female.
I have a soft spot for tough looking guys doing ‘sensitive’ things like playing with kids/pets, doing arts and crafts, etc.

I am a larger than average dude within introverted personality and RBF which can make me seem like a real asshole sometimes. It also doesn’t help that I’m extremely oblivious, and I’ve had situations where I’ve bumped into someone on accident because I was zoning out about some nerd shit and they saw my general appearance and assumed I was doing the “shoulder bump someone on purpose to assert dominance” type thing and I nearly got my face rearranged by a guy with a Napoleon complex at target.

TL;DR(bc I’m terrible about getting to the point) these types of vids are my favorite ones because I relate to them
He’s an affectionate pirate
This guy is Dan Mckernan he's an angel who runs Barn Saturday, and rescues all kinds of animals. I randomly found him on Instagram, and then it turned out Animal Planet had recently picked up a show about his efforts called "Saved by the Barn, and it's amazing. You can clearly see how much he loves each and every animal as an individual, and goes to lengths to give them all a loving and happy life. He shares how he went from making a 6 figure salary and being miserable, to helping animals and absolutely loving life.
Ohhh myyyy Godddd😍
Enough to make a grown man cry
Dusky conures are pretty adorable
awwww...so sweet 🥺🥺🥺
Hopper?
Hey I love you!

*Then why are you just scratching yourself?*

Don't worry about it dude. Just enjoy the ride
This video is of Dan from Barn Sanctuary in Michigan. There’s a show on Animal Planet featuring his sanctuary called “Saved by the Barn”. I highly recommend checking them both out!
I've  had people tell me animals don't have a soul, or spirit, and can't love. Im sorry I will never buy that.
It's so sweet when birds do this!

...unless you have glasses. Those need to come right off. You have a slight skin blemish? Little blackhead, or maybe a pimple? Yeah that's getting picked right the fuck outta your face.
I first was around a bird almost 2 years ago, she’s a yellow necked amazon, hates males (unknown reason why because she was bought around 8 yrs old). Curses like a sailor, says “hello pretty girl” dances for you, drinks coffee every once in a blue moon, and preens (cleans) you. She’s one of the best creatures I’ve ever been around. So much personality in such a small creature
Anybody else think this guy is extremely handsome? 😍
*heart melts* so much cute
*Writing down in list*

"Birds are awesome"
I think I may have sat beside this fella and his bird on a plane. He was supposed to keep the thing in a carrier but instead, being a bro, he let the bird look out the window.
BIRB
What kinda birb is this
My heart :'(
How did he not start tearing up from that affection?
This man is a treasure
When you find out your crush likes you back.
The bird was just like “the fuck touch me!”
Tried this with my love birds,  they only try to rip my skin off
Awww! You are now the property of Green Birb
I’m losing it that is so dang cute I can’t STAND IT
r/mademesmile
“His reaction when he realizes the human loves him back.”
the bird was like, "what the hell dude, thats gay... but i liked it. now cmere and lemme give you some sugar"
I'm sure I pull that exact same face when my cat gives me kisses
This is the purest thing. 

So pure that I almost feel bad for sullying it by saying I'd like to rub on him too.
Do pet birds like this shit all around the house and on their owner's shoulder or are they toilet trained?
 That is the face of a man holding back a sudden rush of tears. 

My heart.. it melts...
Why the hell am I crying now
I wish to marry the human and take the birb in as my own
That's the face I'm going to make when I get a girlfriend but most likely with tears
So pure
The absolute bestest of cuddle birb frens (:
He was getting a good scratch on his beard. XD
Closest I'll to feeling this..
Wish.com David harbor
That’s good ol fashion love right there.
What an affectionate bird
The video where the baby chick falls asleep on the side of his head is even more adorable!
yes! that face rubbing says it all!
This is how a hug feels.
I can't stand birds, but this is rather adorable.
This made me cry! I miss my parrot’s lovin on me like this. I miss him so much! He passed away in March and life in a quiet pandemic blows. Birb people love and cuddle your bird today!
Hopper is looking great after his trip to Russia!
I just finished living with a roommate who had a pet parrot (green cheeked conure to be specific) over the last year... this was my reaction every day when she flew into my room to cuddle with me. I love her and miss her already. I don't miss her yelling though.
A-DORA-BOWL
I legit screamed aww at the same time he did !

Sooooo sweet
my reaction on seeing this for the 20th time this month :c
Aww he looks like he getting emotional. I love that  for him 😭
I wish my cat would love me like that..
for those wondering the bird is on the left
I knew Hopper was alive.
Awe, he gone cry
Dee's a bird
Had some real rough mental times due to quarantine this really did bring my mood up though
My bird just shows his affection (and lack of object permanence) by freaking the fuck out when I leave the room for a minute. And then I come back and he gets all stampy until I pick him up.
This is why i love parrots
I find it cool how some humans can build relationships with birds and wild animals. Crazy.
My husband and I just got baby chicks and baby ducks and this made me tear up thinking about them being this sweet someday. I love those little turds so much
Fool... He's devouring him, particle by particle. Run while you can, mortal, he's thirsting for flesh
I usually am afraid of birds, but my neighbor gave me a baby chick and I've been working through that. I love them, and I named him/her Randy. Birds are great. Gross, but great.
Enough to make a grown man cry.

^^Not ^^this ^^grown ^^man, ^^get ^^back ^^in ^^there, ^^tears!
Wiping the spit off
No! Those are manly tears of manhood goddamit!
This guy is so handsome
I love how the bird’s initially like, “Oh shucks”
Can anyone give me some bird tips? Pretty sure mine is just a cat with wings.
Covid-20: teaser
How many people who liked this will still eat chicken or turkey?
Good looking guy too.
nice nice nice
*When your pet has sufficient brain power to love:* **Loving head-butt.**
I will take one of each, please.
Look at the tiny dinosaur!
The birb started preening his beard omg. Gotta care for my people.
Awesome beard
I don’t know if it’s from being cooped up in quarantine or what but I’ve been tearing up at a lot of posts lately...
I don’t care how many times I see this. I will like it every single time.
And they only groom you if they consider you a part of their flock.
when my bird pressed his beak to my face and made a kissing sound i cried. what’s even better is i got that first kiss on tape
Man tears right there
He looks like a male version of Brie Larson (it’s a compliment)
Is this la turtle
♬:Can you paint with all the colors of the wind? Can you paint with all the colors of the wind!!!!!
That government drone is collecting DNA samples and he doesn’t even know it
That was cool to watch. Honest emotions .
I’ve never seen such pure happiness on a man’s face
a true disney princess
He give kiss
Birds dont exist
May I have him as my pet? The bird can come if it likes :)
Didnt know Jax Teller had a sensitive side.
Looks like the back of the bird
Nice
What kind of bird is that
Soo cute and loving
❤❤
This made me smile a lot! Love is the best thing you can ever have in this world
I'm going to cry this is so precious
Okay I got the big, warm fuzzies damn it.
great birdo
My heart just melted...
True love
My bird Zeke with my husband.
Nice
My fiancee's family used to have a parakeet that for whatever reason really took a liking to me.  I was the only person who could get her to fly to my finger or shoulder on command.  She loved to peck at my glasses and try to pull them off my head.  I miss that bird...
Adorable bird.
I want a sun conure so bad, but I know I can’t commit to that long of a life span. Maybe whenever I get my own place. 

Also had feeding baby birds is perhaps one of the most exciting things I’ve ever done. They get so hyped to see you and they bond so much easier.
Maybe dinosaurs were nice.
I was given a Senegal in my late teens. His owner just didn’t have the time for him. We instantly bonded and he fell in love with me. A few years later when I went away to university first year he died of a broken heart :( I miss Buddy.
Talk about lovebirds!!
the way he tucked the dudes hair behind his ear I'm cryin
What kind of parrot is this?
I like how he took a second to enjoy the love. So sweet!
All I can think of when I see this...courtesy of Chicken Thoughts.


https://i.redd.it/fkv7mofujdn21.jpg
His face says it all. ❤️
Sorry, but the bird's reaction was the best part.  


What??? You kissed me??? Aww!!!
My mom has a quaker parrot and it would like to take off my finger.
Animals are truly the best judge of human character. If an animal doesn’t like you, neither do I.
Thor Hopperson
We had a parakeet that was loving like this, super sweet. I had no idea that parakeets could be affectionate. My wife taught it to perch on her finger and then it became super trusting. The cage was always open and he would chill on my shoulder, preen my hair, and sing in my ear. When my wife was pregnant, he would sit in her cleavage and take naps. Miss that little bird.
This is some wholesome stuff
I  WANT BIRDIE KISSES!!!! I miss my birds....
That's nice but I guess you gotta get used to shit on your shoulders.
This makes me miss my birds. They are a handful, but they are also soft and sweet.
Yes I saved it , watched it 20x’s too sweet and you seemed genuinely surprised that s/he loves you too. My “Tweetie”“ loves to play in the plastic  baggies anytime one is on the counter😀they are special huh! NAME?
r/
Any relationship with an animal like this is extra special. Communication on the highest levels
What a snuggle bub
What kind of bird is that?
IT'S COMING RIGHT AT YOU DUDE
Hopper made a friend in Russia
This...it does bring me joy
UwU cuute
Birb nibbles should be a spa treatment. Gimme three to nibble on my head while some of those little fish eat the dead skin off my feet.
I would be chessing so hard if I was him
That's a lot of big dad for a lot of little bird ❤️
oooh my gosh, so cute!!
I would start crying
Can someone explain why “bird brain” is used an insult, these little feathered fly creatures are so precious
Some people just have natural connections with animals...it’s like being a Ranger in D&D
I simply love birbs
That bird is like bro tf? I love you too hooman.
Well, now he can say hes experienced true love truly. Animal bonds are an enormous deal.
I went to high school with this guy. Very nice and genuine. Glad to see he's  doing so well!
Paging Dr. Birdlove
Can we please get this video with sound?
Be careful Hop...11 will get jealous.
That’s what my dog does lol
Best Thing I've seen in the morning. Thanks for this man.
Who says animals can't love?
Awwwwww needed this rn
I swear I thought he was about to cry it's so cute
That is soooo adorable
All that touch my heart right there that's sweet bird you must be a good owner dude God bless your heart
Very sweet but that beak near his eye makes me nervous.
im in tears this is so sweet... :,))
I wish I could be loved like that  (Ｔ▽Ｔ)
🥺🥺🥺
Nice
[removed]
I usually never liked birds since I had a bad experience with one but this is beyond sweet!
nice
when you repost somebody else work maybe at least give some credit?
Nice
That’s true love.
We had a parakeet before (died of old age) and yes, that is affection. So precious!
this is the sweetest most pure thing in the universe
Bayek and Senu
Aww that sweetheart is starting to preen him.  Gotdamn I love birdies
I love how the bird does the thing that it normally does on its own feathers on the guys hair, that’s true love
Awwww ❤️❤️
u/vredditdownloader
Baby senegal. Adorable ❤️
I heard this gif
I heard this gif
How it feels when your kid gives you some love ❤️
r/BirdsArentReal
When your tiny dinosaur shows you affection!
He looks like a mix between Chris Hemsworth and David Harbour...
Awwwwww
Awww so sweet
This is the opposite of r/watchpeopledieinside and I love it
[deleted]
Man: "Awwww, my birb really loves me!"

Birb: "I'll just brush my plumage against these fortuitously placed bristles!"
Aww sweet birb.
This will never fail to make me smile!
This never gets old.
Male Brie Larson
Bird pecking through your hair with a lil beak has to be like having your head stroked gently by someone with long nails
I think I melted a little the first time our green cheek did this. It's still fucking adorable!
I like how the birb fixes his feathers!
Anyone know if he’s single? The man, not the bird...asking for a friend.
nice
r/tipofmypenis
my sister has conures who do this, it's the sweetest thing
Burb
Still so proud of you and the sanctuary 💚
I love this man, and his birbs
Awww so lovely
Wow i really needed this pure content.
The bird has more senses and is genuine than A LOT of humans!
On loop.
His beard turned green as it happened.
He has another of the bird hiding in his hair. Soo cute and he has great hair!
I would be nibbling on him too. 😉
I like, and I've had dogs, parakeets, especially cats, and even a fish that way.

What comes around goes around, be it love or hate.
damn quarantine.  this broke me way more than it should!
How do you get animals to like you instead of treating you as a food dispenser? I feel like I've tried everything...
Cant stop watching it
That's awesome!
This is a repost of a repost of a repost
My bird Milton used to do that, here lately he just bites me and it makes me sad because he was a really affectionate bird and then one day just stopped.
Who is this human and his precious liddo birdie???
This gave me a teary eyed smile. I could see his heart beat harder 😊
God I miss this. I had a bird I used to take out and play with every day. Eventually she started doing that cheek rub, but would start at one check, go down and under my chin and bring it back up the other cheek. It was hilarious. Never had another pet nearly as sweet and loving as that little quaker parrot.
What type of bird is it? I want one too
So adorable.  And the bird is cute, too :)
Birds are either gonna bite the hell out of you. Or be your best friend. No between.
What a sweet bird
Sweet
Is this Wayne from letterkenny?
My cat isn’t this sweet!
This will be buried, but holy shit... I cried a little
I kinda want a pet bird now too
Thanks, I needed that
I need 1
Love this guy, he has his show in Animal Planet.
That bird is incredible.
Don't know who is cuter
My cousin in Korea has a pet bird like this. I found it fascinating that it would just perch on her shoulder and she would just continue to work on her computer as if nothing was out of the ordinary lol. And when the bird was being too loud, she would scold it and it would somehow listen?!?!
I think that "realizes" may be the wrong word here (shoudn't he expect this)? but it is very cute nonetheless.
Birb
I love him back too!
[removed]
He truly is a Disney Princess
Is this the same guy that pulled that cyst out of his upper lip with a pair of pliers?
Mmmm, elephant fresh!
I will never get sick of this video. Ever.
Ohmygoodness so f’ing cute
I bet it tickles.
My cockatiel did that best feeling in the world
Awwwwwwww ☺
That is all the way awesome
I want a burn but I couldn’t keep something that could fly in captivity.
Man, this video makes me want to get a bird so bad, but I know I definitely don’t have enough free time to give it the attention it would need
Soo cute!!
That is just super awesome......
I love these two, look adorably cute.
That's cute
[We are all sweet. I swear. NOW GOVE ME THOSE TOES!!!](https://i.imgur.com/5OUbyYf.jpg)
I'm not crying, he's crying 😖
Can we ban this video yet?
TIL birds can show affection and it’s damn adorable!
Someone stop the onion cutting around here
[deleted]
Was that love or was the bird wiping his face after that lmao
Love his expression. 'couldn't believe he loves me so much '!
aw :')
Oh man! He about to cry
he could rip his eye with a good bite
How can you reach this level of trust with a bird? Mine gets crazy scary everytime I need to change his food
What kind of bird is this?
Such a proud bird dad
Isn’t this how pandemics start
/r/eyebleach
You’re are my good human! Get me a better food next time!?
Awwwwwwwwwweeeee
Wow 
That's true love story
Aww
Why did he remind me of Brad Leone
He’s a sweetheart. He’s a good owner.
Omg the bird is grooming him, that is so wholesome.
This simply just raises my heart to the Heavens.
 Blessings, love and light🙏
Just gotta say that's cute as fuck.
That bird will probably hate any woman he has around. Birds can be really territorial cause they choose you as a mate. Experience... I bought my mom an African Gray and he hated everyone but her.
This is so precious. Also wow the bird is so cute and so is the owner hahaha
Aww I had one. They love so much and need it back. They need paired
Jim hopper
brad???
Aw, lovebirb.
I want a bird but my parents don't let me
r/vredditdownloader
Goddamn this hits me in the feels.  I know it's too late to be noticed, but [I'll just link](https://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/9rxgbw/the_ultimate_trust/e8kmvxs/) my comment from before.
This wouldn't be the case).
Omg that is the sweetest thing I’ve seen all week! I had no idea birds would do that. <3
u/vredditdownloader
That is so precious!
“Let me get your pin feathers”
So warm. So cozy.
I had a bird like this. He was kinda mean. He would bite my ear and neck and once bit my lip when i tried to do something similar

He wasnt my bird he was my brothers and i only tried to play with him after my brother moved out and left him
That is SO cute! I'm melting
This makes my heart melt! I'm gonna save this to rewatch when I'm down and need a pick me up.
Damn that feels good
Awe. Good birb
 That made me tear up. So cute :)
No matter how many times I see this it always brings a smile to my face, what a sweet bird! 🦜
That make me remember my bird he died last year.
Im about to cry
The only thing I don't miss about having birds is constantly getting pooped on.
This melted my heart!
Hopper?
can we go back to actual rallies.
Aww man reminds me on my lost conure 😢
Oh my god this is so cute!
awesome
😊 awwww
Sweet!
I can feel the tickles!
its Enough to make a grown man cryy 😭
I love seeing grown men being cute with animals :,)
I’d like to nibble that face too
Oh this is so awesome. 

He is fighting tears, it's the sweetest thing, he's overcome with emotion. 

I've never seen a bird be so affectionate!!
Bird is very cute. Guy is equally cute :)
maybe the bird is just itchy
Sharpening his beak for attack.
I’m kinda in love with them both...🥰
We just started watching your show on animal planet.  Just got done with episode 4 tonight.
It’s enough to make a man cry... and that’s okay
what......😲😲.....1st time i saw this.....so cute......😘😘😘
Hmmm soft. Preen preen
Nice 😎
Could someone love me like this!!???
Awww infinity
I love his show! He's amazing, and so is his rescue.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xVxxLYmypv8
His hair is green?
I've seen this multiple times but it never fails to put a smile on my face. 🥰
Can I have him? I’m not talking about the bird....
This made me cryyyy 😭💓😍
Man that bird *looooves* him. So adorable omg.
❤️❤️❤️
why my lovebird hate me :(
Bird in the beginning: Whoa what??
Love this
That’s pure love
Mine loves to drink from a faucet!
The birds like "ew he got spit on me"
Ganymede
Edit: the bird, not the moon.
I'm dying❤️😭
Confirmed, Hopper is alive.
I love how the bird takes a step back, going 'whoa' and leans away.

Then 'heyyy that's nice'. 

Rub rub rub
My ovaries are going haywire for some reason
This is the purest, sweetest birb!! 😭💕💕💕

Edit: I thought I was in a different place, lol.
r/happycryingdads
r/holyshitthatscuteasfuck
I’m low-key jello of how good looking he is...
Any Dan video I'll up vote cause he's fiiiinnnee. Also Hopper better be back in stranger things next season
Heart warming...just beautiful
Why my parrot don't love me like this??
I need to get myself a bird.
Can someone tell me what kind of bird this is? I've been thinking about purchasing a bird for a while now and this kind of bird is ADORABLE
It's enough to make a grown man cry.
He be lovin’ those hairs tho
Is anyone else scared of the image of the bird picking his eye?
Is this not the guys from saved by the barn ??
I love how wholesome that was
How do you make animals trust a person like this?
That was my favourite thing, when my birb would preen my eyebrows or beard, so sweet. I miss my little dinosaur ☹
You can see the moment he nearly lost.
Love this guy
u/VRedditDownloader
wholesome birb
u/vredditdownloader
I want what they have. </3
Chris Prarrot
This. A man's skincare regimen. I mean,  look at such glowing skin.
Melted him. I love!! 🥺💗
How did this gorgeous post instantly turn into a debate about the moisture content and consistency of bird shit vs human shit...
Green cheeked conures are the best 😊😊
Wish I could give this an award but I’m poor af lol
What bird is this ?
When your pet loves you more than your HUMAN FAMILY
u/Vredditdownloader
Wholesome man gets all the chicks!
He has a dip in. I’m not hatin’, I’m just saying it’s there, and I respect it
Looks like his allergies hit right then!!!
Hehe
That is too precious 😍
Luuvly stroke
Congrats on 100k upvotes
Isnt that the same dude with a duck
That’s sweet
Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
Green baby.
I dare him to do this with Roy!!!!!
Birds only preen people they love
Looks like Stranger Things's Jim Hopper (David Harbour)
This is the cutest little birb 💚
totally lovely to watch this bird clean his friend.
His reaction is just every vowel at once!
Hopper, the early years.
*and then it grooms him*
 My heart!
u/VredditDownloader
I love how the bird tried to tuck his hair behind his ear, like what I do before/after kissing my love 😍
Who is the lucky lady that gets mister barn sanctuary. LoL
Makes me smile, I miss my own little guy
That’s far beyond what was expectef
That’s very cool. The birds are very nice, but my birds always escape from me XD
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=M2Pi1fljNyY
u/vredditdoenloader
I would kiss this man like that too
Birb gets good scritches from the beard hair.
you make me feel safe - safe enough to express myself
When a parrot instead of screaming or trying to bite you instead starts preening your hair for you you know you won them over :)
[removed]
It's a beautiful thing.  Mahalo.
Downvoting because its a repost from a month ago, doing god's work
If I were that bird, I’d have the same reaction, lol! 😁
Cuteness overload!

EDIT: Shame on you and your very existence, downvoter. May you live a lonely, humiliating life just like the pathetic and lowly excuse of a life you lead now, until the inevitable pain becomes too much to bear for you.
I’m not crying, you’re crying!
I thought that was Chris Pratt at first
Both cuties
The bird is in shock at first😀
I would get a bird but they can’t control their off loads
Bird only loves his beard
Repostsloofbawt
Looks the "now I've got a GAPER!" guy from r/popping
 This is like the 700th time this has been reposted but I don’t even care this video is just to good
Did you clip his flight feathers ? Otherwise wouldent he fly away?
Birb
Had my Quaker parrot die a couple month back
Burd found in dumpster with his asshole 1 inch wide
Ha! 2 year old content!
be careful with exotic animals! covid20 might happen!
REEEEEEEEEEEE
I dont know. Vet looked after him and all he gave was pain killers.. and he hated those and me a bit in the process. Tried everything i could think off changing food/ more vitamines / proteïne he does not respond to anything kinda lost in what to do, but ill keep trying/ looking for solutions. But when i saw this video it was a bit emotional its my friend. So all i can say is when u have this kinda friendship with a bird enjoy it!!!! And thanks all for your consern! <3
This has been posted before ! Credits to the Original Post Maybe ? 
Mods ?
This is probably the 5th repost, and I don't care. I could watch this on continuous replay!  They're both absolutely adorable! 💖💖💖
What the fuck kinda of reaction is that.
Sorry to burst some bubbles, but that's not love - the bird is just absorbing some of the natural skin's oil out of necessity. After all, even autonomous drones need to lubricate their gears and such.
Bah!
What if the bird was actually like, "Ewww gross, human cooties!" And was trying to rub it back on 'im.
r/frisson
Philip Seymour Hoffman? No? Just me?
You look like a shitty version of Chris Pratt. Awesome.
I like to imagine that’s the face Seth Roger makes when he’s getting a blow job.
I would be like the bird with Mr. Cutie. Hehe
That is so cute I love birds so much
Wait till they set sail to sea and the birb gets hit from a flintlock pistol. Then it’s an oof
He fuckin dat bird
More like the bird loves his beard
Guess we are missing the part where she wants to mate
[deleted]
Covid 20, here we come.
[deleted]
#HE'S SCRATCHING HIMSELF


This sub man


Edit: this isn't Disney. It's the same thing with dogs and cats getting close to a baby.


Food. Warmth. Scratches. That's it. Animal instinct.


I bet y'all think it's cute when dogs beg too.
So sexy
Fucking cringey who films them self doing this shit.
Or just had an itch

Idk why we act like animals have emotions
Sorry but birds shouldn’t be pets and that one is trying to fuck you
