When new Mama goes for the kiss...my heeeaart...
The little baby is a girl, named Kindy who's mother sadly passed away due to complications after giving birth to her. The baby is now about 3 years old and she's groing up happy with her new family. [Here's her blog](https://louisvillezoo.org/category/blogs/kindis-blog/page/3/)
Kissin’ little baby fingers!  We’re compelled!
Is the lady wearing that furry thing so the gorillas think she’s also a gorilla?
This made me tear up! Oh my god, gorillas are so human-like, and that mama gorilla wants so badly to make a connection with that sweet sleepy baby. This was incredible to watch. I hope they ended up together
Primate are so similar to humans that it makes me uncomfortable.  I don't know why.  Does anyone else feel this way?  It is like they are in jail or something (but innocent) or maybe just a freaky human.  The traits are the same as a human though.
I cannot see a gorilla without thinking its just someone in a costume.  I don't actually think they exist.
I volunteered with the gorillas at the Louisville Zoo for a couple years. Seriously one of the best things I've done in my life, and an absolutely amazing group of keepers. I took a break due to being overworked in my real life and having some heavy depression, and then I wasn't able to go back after Kindi was born due to baby regulations (not changing the environment, keeping it sterile, etc ) I wish I had never had to leave and could have been there for the baby's birth. 

Last I heard (right after the birth), they were attempting to get Paki to surrogate, and that looks like her in the video. If I remember correctly, Paki lost a baby a long time ago. It's been a while since I was a volunteer, so I'm trying to pull off memory. Paki was my favorite. A smart, beautiful girl. I will never not regret letting my life fall apart and keep me from volunteering 💜
Is it necessary for the surrogate mother to have lost a child for this bond to take place? Or is she nurturing by nature?
You'll beee in my heart~ 🎶
This shit kills me. Ever since I was a young child, my grandmother always shared her love of primates with me, and explained to me how smart they are and even had a running joke in my family where I was a monkey and the photo of my grandparents hanging out with a chimpanzee on vacation was a photo of them taking me home from the zoo. I miss you grandma. Not a day goes by where me and the rest of the family don’t think about you.
Gorrilas blow my mind. One time at the zoo, a male gorrila stood up and stretched his arm the same way that I do. He looked at the audience in such a human, discerning way. So contemplative and familiar, it was like looking through time at a version of myself that I've lost, that we've all lost. So humbling and weirdly terrifying seeing this creature that could tear me apart have mannerisms and idiosyncrasies that I've seen in people I see on the streets. Truly an experience.

Then he pulled a turd out of his own ass and took a bite.
For one so small you seem so strong

My arms will hold you,

Keep you safe and warm

This bond between us can’t be broken

I will be here 

Don’t you cry

I just saw this and couldn’t help but think of that song from Tarzan because the same thing is happening between a mother and a baby who needs her 😭😍
Oh no, I need to pick my heart up from the floor cause it melted from this wholesome love I'm seeing!! <3 <3 <3
Aww that's so cute congratulations
Well now I’ve got to see the surrogate mom holding the baby.
I’d like to see the baby.
When I see stuff like this it makes me think we are A LOT closer to apes in emotion and intelligence than we tend to think.
[removed]
There is not any bit of this I can handle
When she kissed it's hand. I cried.
The way she grabbed the baby’s hand and gave it a kiss. So amazing to see how they are like us.
Her kissing the baby's hand just made me so emotional.  I haven't seen my grandbaby since March 6th and I do that to her all the time. That was awesome.
We gifted my mother in law an up-close encounter with silverback gorillas (nowhere near this close, just watching them eat and hang out in a private area of the sanctuary for an hour or so) she cried uncontrollably with joy and awe almost the whole time, they were so human- so smart, so caring, so social. 

She said the experience was second only to her wedding day & her kids being born. 

MIL also had to wear a face mask, gloves & booties because apparently their DNA is so similar to ours it’s very easy for us to pass on germs to them.
r/likeus
I dunno why...this momma gorilla reminds me of Tarzan's mom
Adoptive, not surrogate. Says the adopted person. Furthermore, baby will see her Mother, pure and simple.
Wow, what an amazing moment!
Please tell me there's a video of the first time she's allowed to hold the baby. I need to see them together, oof my heart
Oh my goodness the little kiss she tried to give the baby’s finger when they held hands 🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺
[deleted]
This is good news in light of all the negative people stuff on the net.  We should give them their planet back.
Omg give her that goddamned baby right now.
I swear, I needed this so much right now. Thank you!
When she tried to kiss the baby's hand I melted.
I hope it works out for the two of them and the little one gets to have a good mama
I don't know how some people can see that and not believe in evolution.
Can anyone tell me why the worker is wearing the fur thing? I would assume it has something to do with the gorilla being more accepting of human contact. Or is it just a strange fashion statement, lol?
I like how she went to kiss his little fingers
This is so freaking adorable! She's so interested. I'm glad to know that this worked out in the long run.
this is so beautiful
That little tongue
So touching!
Awww that’s cute
IIIIIIIIIIII'm going to need an update on this.
She’ll take that baby and love it with all her heart.
Is the gorilla in the video her mom??

Edit: I am asking if the gorilla ended up being the adoptive mom. Don’t be mean, please

Edit: thank you for the awards, friends!
The way she try’s to kiss its fingers. If that didn’t make your heart melt you don’t have one.
See my vest, see my vest, made from real gorilla chest.
I noticed the vulnerability of being a wild animal.  You can see the mom examining the baby, but still looking around and over her shoulder.  It helped me realize that our security and safety is such an advantage in the animal kingdom.  So cool.
The connection is touching, but I wish we would stop putting our closest primate relatives in cages. It makes me sad to see them have to put their fingers through a steel cage.
Bring us the girl, wipe away the debt.
Aw man, that’s just unreal.
That is so beautiful and dear ❤
Can I have this smol monko?
Wouldn’t this be a potential adoption rather than surrogacy?
Precious but equally heartbreaking watching her reach through the cage
Stupid question but do you think the baby will ever grow up to know that it was adopted?
Damnit, whos cutting onions in here?
Alexa play You'll Be In My Heart.
They can be so gentle and yet rip your arm off if they wanted to
thats possibly the sweetest thing ever
I don't know why I do, but I love that she's gotta wear a gorilla vest while holding the baby
[Here's why she's wearing the vest.](https://www.verywellmind.com/harry-harlow-and-the-nature-of-love-2795255)
The way she try’s to kiss its fingers. If that didn’t make your heart melt you don’t have one.
Where is part two!
life finds a way
That way she came over and gently sat down! I bet she's already a new mom!
Jesus, both of them are so human.

They're just different looking people.
When she kissed her hand ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Beautiful 💕
when the mom tried to kiss her hand 😩
We need to protect their habitat in the wild. As sweet this moment is, this mother is in a cage. No life for social  wild animals.
Can gorillas catch corona virus?
Wow, the part were the gorilla tries to kiss its little hand 🥺
Big flex wearing gorilla hide while holding a baby gorilla
Me like when monkey kisses little monkey hand
This is the most precious thing I've seen in a while. Made me cry
I like how she’s wearing gloves but the gorilla isn’t. It literally spends its day picking it’s a-hole
See my vest, see my vest. Made from real gorilla chest. 🎵
I support this.
Precious
I want to be that when I grow up, I’m 36 but when I grow up I want to do that, how do I get there?
Wish this was my mum
Sweet little baby just wants to snuggle and nap. ❤️ That's this big guy's weakness: put a sleepy, snuggly baby on my chest and I'm just *done for*. 😊
Eventually most likely in the next 80 years gorillas will be becoming extinct.
I swear, I needed this so much right now. Thank you!
Terrible bitrate this took ages to load, no cuteness for me I guess
Me when my cat is in her crate just poking my fingers at her
Very precious to watch.
Well. My pregnant ass is a freaking mess.
Nice
Wonder if this baby is scared of  the gorilla /:
Love at first sight! Mama knew that baby was hers !!! ❤️❤️❤️
Best auntie ever. The way she just so gently touched the head and hands is so human like. I love gorillas.
I thought you meant the woman was the surrogate mother
Wears black fur to camouflage herself like an ape.

Has the BRIGHTEST fucking arms in the WORLD
She wants to mother it!  Tell me she got to!
That baby monkeys hand is so human looking it freaks me out
Kind of bullshit we put animals in cages. These are sentient beings and deserve to be free.
Videos like this break my heart because big primates are just too close to humans and I hate to see them in captivity.
Caretaker's floofy clothes reminds me of those wall watchers that guard against the White walker in GoT
This is heart melting, and that kiss on the hand was so beautiful!!!!
*Disney Tarzan Music Intensifies*
just casually gently checking in on the little feetsies!
Louisville Zoo! Before they found her a surrogate she had to be held 24/7, the workers took shifts. It was so precious to see her!!
Gorillas are cavemen. Humans are aliens. Gorillas will control the world in a thousand generations, the man-made structures that exist today in thousands of years will be the equivalent to The Pyramids. Theory books will question today’s buildings and think aliens built these strange structures, just how some theories today believe aliens built The Pyramids. 

The cycle will always continue in this way and has done for millions of years.
I know she's big but isn't that a bit rude?
“omg it is a baby! here baby have a tiny boop. \*boop\*” ❤️❤️❤️
Awwwww the Surrogate mother is already trying to except the baby oh my god it’s so cute
 Bawling my eyes out
This breaks my heart in so many places - These caged animals, that little orphan, those motherly instincts... Ugh, I wasn't prepared for that at all.
I know it’s an unpopular opinion, but baby apes are really fucking ugly. I love them because they’re innocent and what not, but I really don’t understand how someone can think they’re adorable.
We need someone that looks like a gorilla!!!! Ann. Take off your shirt and hold that baby!
Random thought. If there is a Tiger King, is there a Ape Kong as well out there?
I’m high.
Man.. I don't know what to say.. I just hope everything goes well. I feel bad for the baby not having his mama and not having his real envinronment, but I do hope he finds some sort of life in this crazy world.
Yo that's my friend Tyrone
Aww
This is the sweetest thing I have seen this year
 Thank you!
Can you IMAGINE holding that gorilla like a baby! I would die
See... my... vest. See my vest. Made from real gorilla chest.
Why is comedian Tim Dillion holding that baby gorilla?
Man this shit is sad more than anything. Jesus Christ.
that’s fucking hard to watch. i know some mothers and god that’s hard to imagine one of them trying to touch a baby through a cage.
soooo beautiful!
Is she wearing fur that's like a gorillas? Aww
Maybe stop putting animals in cages?
mmm monkey
This is incredible
There is much we can learn from beasts.
She has that Loving feeling
wtf are we doing to these gentle animals?! this is so touching
Que fofo 🥰😍🤩🤗
So cute when she went to kiss the baby’s hand. ❤️
Do we get to know if it works out???
God, I love gorgillaz
The way the little fella's expression changed.
Is it bad I thought that was a real child for a second?
With the amount of potential he is showing!
Looks good.  I hope it works out.
I hate cages this is more like aww faque
Only one word: aww
What!!!! How did you know that!!?
Dibs!
Shit where did all those onions come from?
Nature can be both a Beautiful and Brutal thing.
[deleted]
😘
Now I'm really interested in learning about the dynamics of parenting among primates and how they compare to human behavior across different cultures.
I made the weirdest sound when she tried to kiss the baby’s hand but it moved it’s hand before she could. I’m not sure if my heart grew 3 sizes or simply shattered.
Can a female human or ape be a womb surrogate for the other species if a fertilized egg is implanted?
Did she just go to kiss the baby's hand? (And *man* that is a huge hand for a baby!!)
Fingers crossed.. That little one needs a mom!
I'm crying now, this is so pure and heart-warming.
This sub is just the best
That being should not be in a cage.
See my vest
See my vest 
Made of pure gorilla chest
How sweet!
Omg the stretched out lip kiss is soo adorable.
It's so sad seeing these animals in cages.
It looks so much like a human baby
There any reason why they gotta introduce the baby through a cage like that? They violently reject babies sometimes?
I'm not crying you're crying
“You’ll be in my heart” - Phill Collins Tarzan
What’s a surrogate mother?
Oooohhhh! Amazing and don’t have any comment for this, i just feel a lot happinnes for the baby, i hope that she grow up whit a lot of love.
Can you imagine? There are the human beings who bring food and treats, and then there’s the human being who brings babies to mamas
Dammit. Should have double checked on the google machine. Oh well that’s how I’ve been singing it in my head all these years so I’m gonna keep it.
Nice
Why do I suddenly hear Phil Collins?
I. Can't. Stop....Watching.
Im gonna cry
She looks so cute and sleepy and contented!
I NEED TO SEE MORE!!
This is so beautiful
Amazing! Imagine being the person holding the baby. What a once in a life time experience!
Omg I actually made the "aaw" noise when she stuck her finger through!
Ah k
It's mindblowing how similar they seem to humans when you look at the way they use their hands.
Come stop your crying it’ll be alright
Awww adorable
Come stop your crying. It’ll be alright.
My heart melted
I think saw this Lifetime movie!
Does the vet(?) have a “guerrilla scarf” on?
That is at the Louisville Zoo. The babies name is Kindi. She is adorable
Random question, does anybody know why primates (non human) always look away while engaging with things? Looking for preditors?
I thought they meant an actual baby
Fort Wayne zoo??
Is that woman wearing a gorilla suit??? Also that babynl gorilla is freaking adorable
Sooooo is this nice or mean?
Is there any risk of the surrogate injuring the infant gorilla? Is this why they introduce them carefully?
BITCH I'M TIDE
r/TitleGore
As a dolphins fan I wasn’t me
What's that lady wearing? I want one!
Aww when she gave her hand a kiss 😭
That little smooch to the hand 😭🥰
I want them
So cute
Awe man....what happen to the real mamma?
My heart! This is so precious
Made me tear up❣
When she kissed her hand! How sweet.
Little Kindy, I know her well. My daughter loves her!
I hope she gets the baby lol so sweet
Is the coat that lady is wearing made out of gorilla fur?
Cute
This is precious.
I could watch that all day!
i think they should give it to that monkey instead
So cool
I know it’s been said a million times but the size of a gorilla is crazy
Seems more like potential Surrogate mother has its first contact with a baby
That is one sleepy little baby!
FonkyMonkyFriday
U talking about the human or the gorilla
Wow.. at least once in my life I'd like to hold a baby gorilla.
That's gonna be one spoiled baby gorilla!
Oh god, i die...so cute this new mommy! <3
/r/LikeUs
Very heart warming
That yawn! 🥱
I want sound😭
That scarf - 10/10
I was like “stahhhp” and tearing up and then I noticed the guy’s furry rave vest.
My heart.
I swear I got that same gorilla vest at Old Navy.
god that's so human. amazing. like the cage doesn't even matter. they would just chill like that without the cage. amazing.
Most animals confined in zoos are not endangered, nor are they being prepared for release into natural habitats. In fact, it is nearly impossible to release captive-bred animals, including threatened species like elephants, polar bears, gorillas, tigers and chimpanzees into the wild. Zoos aren’t breeding animals with the intent of replenishing threatened populations: 

Babies bring visitors through the gates, and captive breeding gives the public a false sense of security about a species’ survival. But that belief undermines support for and diverts resources from in-situ conservation efforts.
You're pressing a little hard on it's soft spots there mama 😂 the kiss was definitely super adorable
Just amazing.  And so sweet.
My husband and I are considering adopting. Sometimes I forget how natural adoption is.
I’ve seen a lot of mean and nasty comments on reddit today.. this helps. Thanks for showing us there is still beauty and love in the world.
Anyone know how long they do introductions like this for?  And then after this do they have encounters that get closer to just giving the baby to the surrogate mother to care for?
Stop it Schoodle. Grizzly karate veteran's are not meant to shed tears but you do it every time. Thank you
Awwwwwww my heart!
See my vest! See my vest!
Really hope this had a happy ending.
Reminded me of this for some reason:   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2EKKMof\_Ywg](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2EKKMof_Ywg)
P O K E
The cage didn't need to be there.
Honest question: is the black feathery scarf really doing anything in this situation? I just thought gorillas were smarter than that...
Why is she wearing that fur sort of thing? Can anybody give accurate reasoning?
It amazes me to see the surrogate gorilla show such strong affection towards the baby one. How come there is this connection when they didn't know each other before? Do female gorillas react that way to every baby gorillas?
Does that steel really hold a whole ass gorilla back
my goodness that is beautiful. thank you for finding and sharing this.
Wow, that's amazing.
This gorilla was absolutely a better mother my own. Love is love. If given a choice as a child, i would've gone with the gorilla 11/10 times.
Does anyone know the chances that a surrogate situation like this will be successful? What factors can make it or break it ?
doesn't seem convincing either way...
Wow imagine being that woman holding this baby. What an amazing job. This was incredible. Thank you for sharing.
Never realized how much baby gorillas look like humans
💖
So cute
So sweet and heartbreaking
I can not understamd why there are cameras present at this point. I have no clue but is this not a kind of fragile procedure where every stress factor should be excluded?
I don’t wanna chase this bread anymore..mamma I’m tired
Please say this mama got to take care of this baby!
That kiss on the hand was so damn cute
Gosh! Leave them alone! Leave them in the forests! The cage doors are so small! Cages are so small! Why aren't we learning from the lockdown!
Is she wearing the black thing around her neck to make the baby few like a gorilla is holding it?
The sweetest thing is when she tried to kiss the baby's hand.
I assume she has the mask and gloves on to protect other employees she's with.  But,could it also be in case it could transfer to the gorillas?
What an interesting profession.
thanks i’m crying
Did you guys see the little kiss she did to the baby's hand? That was adorable, I'm sure she'll be a great mom.
Did that woman make a vest out of the baby gorilla’s birth mother?
Very smart with the camera laser pointed at her.
This brought a huge smile to my face.
Why is the caregiver wearing a mask? Can gorillas catch Covid-19 from us?
What’s with the gorilla hair necklace?
What gives you the right to do this to me! How dare you make me feel
Awww. .  I hope she gets the baby!
This warmed my cold dead heart
This baby reminds me so much of a human baby, I’m shocked! This is really cute.
Scientist: Koko, what you want for your birthday?

KoKo the Gorilla: Baby. 

&#x200B;

She died very sad.
That's crazy! She just looks like a white lady to me.
I love that she immediately wanted to hold it
This headline confused me--  potential _adoptive_ mother or _mother surrogate_.   It's a little late for that baby to acquire a surrogate mother, right?whst with being already born?
Amazing!
Damn this actually made me smile. Like a genuine smile.
Oh my heart ❤
Does anybody else find the keeper's custom "gorilla shirt" just as cute as the interaction between the potential surrogate and bub?
Lol, looks like the beaky bastard from my hero academia
She's soo tiwed!
At First i thought Its ingame or a render
Two worlds one family!
story time: when i was like 4 or 5, my mom brought me to the zoo. she was pulling me around in a wagon. we were by like the chimps and apes and i fell out the wagon and started crying. one of the momma gorillas walked or crawled (however they move) towards the fence and reached out both her hands in a grabbing motion like when kids wanna get picked up. my mom had a video but it deleted when she got a new phone. gorillas and apes are wonderful creatures.
I love animals acting similar to humans
Please post constant updates
This requires updates
Where I live we have a relatively new wildlife park that onely takes rescue animals, we have all sorts from lions to polor bears and rhinos to meerkats. It's a shame these animals will never be able to see the wild but I am grateful that some places will still try and give them a chance at a great life.
did she really accept that baby?
H A I R Y B A B Y
Mother's love
I have but one question. How do I get this job?!
Yeah, I'm going to be needing more content of momma primates with their babies.
❤️
This has the be the best job in the world.
Please please full sauce... I want to know the back story I want to hear the audio I must find out what happens !!!!
Why is its mother wearing a mask
I always forget how intelligent these creatures are :)
I’m not an animal person, but the fact that she has to interact with the baby through the cage bars makes my heart bone ache.
If you are looking for more information on this pair, this is the Louisville Zoo’s blog about her : [louisvillezoo.org/kindi](https://louisvillezoo.org/kindi) 

It needs an update — but the scrapbook goes into all of the things her zoo keepers did to help her get integrated successfully into a new family of gorillas after her mom passed away.
So much love
Does anyone know - is the nurse’s gorilla boa just for fashion/fun or is it for the gorillas/professional purposes?
U got the full video or an update video?
Just give her the baby !!! She’s a good girl !
So touching...😥
And we call them animals....
r/unexpectedlydepressing
I love the part when she tried to kiss her little hand.

Edit: changed his to her
A-Dora-Bowl!
[This woman is wearing Mr. Skinners vest!!!] (http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-sPToP9Fsc8c/Ty6mUyq_JkI/AAAAAAAALZ8/kZC-DpCY0Xs/s1600/MrBurns+SEE+MY+VEST.gif)
When I see stuff like this it makes me think we are A LOT closer to apes in emotion and intelligence than we tend to think.
Awww empty the cages 😘
Cue Phil Collins and the song from Tarzan! I’m not crying you’re crying! 😭
Did you see that?  The mama in waiting just tried to kiss the baby's little fingers through the fence.  

So human!  They're so much like us emotionally.
I was thinking the person holding the baby just had the gorilla baby and i was like dafuq iz dis?
So is the mask an extra precaution because of the Covid situation?  Or is the risk of cross species disease spread a common concern when this close with primates?

Does anyone have any wisdom on this?
I see this baby and want to scoop them up and never put her down. All I see is a skinny little newborn in need of loving. Gets me right in the feels every damn time I see a tiny gorilla.
My heart!
,🥺🥺😢
This is so heartmelting it hurts!! Adorable!!! A must share and save!
I have a question. Is that black furry drape over the lady worn on purpose in order to engage with the gorillas? Or is that just to keep warm?
God, she's so eager to touch her baby.
Crazy to actually see the Louisville zoo on the front page for once
Hol up a second can we talk about that vest for a minute?
I want to be the surrogate mom 😭
This melted my ❤.   These large apes are little appreciated for their kindness and gentleness.
It seems she already had a human surrogate.  How can one get *that* job?
Aww so sweet
I want a follow up please!
I’m convinced George of the jungle is totally plausible.
Yeah I’d wanna hold just about any baby if you let me. Doesn’t mean I’d want it for life. What a penalty.
Sorry but is the handler going for a gorilla look ?
Does anyone else find this sad? The contact is through a cage. These animals are prisoners.
This lucky guy already has a gorilla holding him.
This is why I like Gorilla more than monkey.
That lady is Obese.
Sad their first contact is through a metal grid
Imagine what this would be like to be the older gorilla. You live in this place, and one day one of the gorillas turns up with a little baby human. It's just sitting there with a little baby and it lets you touch the baby's head. It holds out the baby's hand so it can touch your finger.

My heart.
Why do you cage me human
I just hope this isn’t a zoo.  It’s adorable, but also heartbreaking that these beautiful creatures are basically slaves in a pen for human enjoyment.

It would be so much cuter in the wild.
Umm...

1. They aren’t practicing social distancing 

2. The monkeys ain’t wearing face masks
Why are we not talkin abkut the lady with gorilla arms?
That lady sure is fat.
Intelligent, emotional beings and they're meeting their adoptive parents through the same cage that will soon imprison them. Stop this nonsense and let wild animals be wild animals. This is not humane, no matter how much the zookeepers "care" about them.
[deleted]
This is sad
Welcome to your new cage, little one. Here we do lockdown permanently!
Awwwhhh wtf
Why do they have to meet through a cage? Is it because the human has to be there?
Which one is the surrogate
[deleted]
[removed]
Monkeys are the worst.
She gonna eat the gorilla
Caged large animals make me sad.  That these two were given an opportunity to be together is a tiny light in an otherwise dark world.

Wishing all the wild animals were able to live free without cages.
AWWWWWWWWWWWWWW DEH MOMMA WANTS TO RAISE THE BAYBEH EVEN THO SHE DIDNT GIVE BIRTH TO IT......SHES A MOMMAAAAAA ALL THE WAY TO HER HEART :)
I see nothing "aww" about an animal locked into a cage. If someone would try to lock my dog away in a cage however big i would become violent
Para los que no son gringos:
Peruana conoce a su hijo despues de nacer
[deleted]
How sterile
monky
Animals shouldn't be in cages.
So this potential surrogate mother for another gorilla is just meeting a random baby gorilla for some reason?
How is the human supposed to be its mother?
Are we talking about the gorilla or the person?
Snack time! 😁
Amazing that gorillas are smart enough to be medical professionals now. Technology is astounding.
It didn’t mind that you were wearing a mask and gloves?
Why is the gorilla in a cage?
[removed]
WHY IS THAT THING IN A CAGE?!?!

ITS DOING HUMAN STUFF.

You can't just be like, "Oh look how cute this empathy is from this animal," and then, "Lets put it in a cage." 

If an animal has empathy it's directly aligned with it's ability to suffer.
animals in cages for the pleasure of humans...
I have two thoughts - Is that a real Gorilla pelt the lady is wearing and does the Gorilla think that is a butt ugly gorilla holding that baby?
What the hell is that she wearing? That better not be harambe fur.
Is that a real gorilla pelt she’s wearing?

Edit: This is a genuine question...
I thought this was a racist post and the baby gorilla was a black person
I thought the ending was going to be the trainer giving it over to her and the momma eating it like a watermelon.
Its aziz ansari!
It’s just sad the mom has to interact with its baby in the cage. I look at this and feel sad more than think it’s cute.
Oh her mother passed away? Let's shove two cameras in her face
How can a baby that’s already been born meet its potential surrogate mother. Surrogate mothers are when the mother births the child for someone else
I find this cringeworthy.  Glad to see in the comments that they are 'doing well' but I am still cringing at this.
[removed]
Why do white people gotta be racist like that and wear black body?
