He's probably thinking to himself "Damn i look Cute" while cleaning himself up
Gonna have to marry her now.
See, look at how good I am at cleaning my paws! I'm so good at this! And so adorable too!
Quick! Call the Police! That is one r/illegallysmolcats
Boy. That kitten is so vain. Justifiably :)
Look at him. So cute!
Supposedly cats don't have the ability to recognize themselves in a reflection. However, I've seen my cats over the years have that moment where they see themselves (or, occasionally think for a moment it's another cat).

I suspect researchers are just not understanding the nature of cats. Once they know it's them, why would they continue to have an interest? They know they always look perfect.
[deleted]
r/catstandingup
My gf just got 2 kittens and I can’t wait to see them, I mean her
What a proper little gentleman
Omg I love it! So cute my whole day just got even better!!
"This other kitty knows my every move."
I love him too
Can I love him, too?
Are you sure that's not a girl cat?  Most with that coloring are female.
r/illegallysmolcats
I’m starting to love cats more than dogs. And I thought that would be impossible. BUT LOOK AT THIS LITTLE GUY
Ohh so cute!
What a tiny cutie!
If i looked like him i'd probably look in the mirror constantly too
What a cool mirror frame!
This is just way too cute. I can’t. Please. Somebody cuddle that baby kitty for me.
Mirror mirror on the wall, whos the cutest of them all
I LOVE HIM SO MUCH
"Who's this handsome fella?"
This is the content I'm here for.
"I think this is how I do it...lemme look... Yeah, I think this is right.."
he looks amazed that another cat is doing what he does
u/vredditdownloader
Ohhhh. So cute.  Being home has brought me so much closer to all my animals.   Things I would have missed if I had kept running!  My rabbits come when called for treats and my two finches hatched a baby.  I have watched it since I first saw the bedding moving in the nest.  Now she is almost the size of Mama but still wants to be fed sometimes and loves to play on the swing.   Also she might be a he.
Fixing his whiskers in front of the mirror. They've become self-aware...
He do a groom
Which one? There are two of them.
r/IllegallySmolCats
When COVID-19 has got you depressed, this is a good treatment.
He's a pretty boy and he knows it too.
Sharin a lick with his mirror buddy.
In my mind this kitten thinks he's showing his brother how to do it.
A few months ago we got a guy that looks a lot like that. First thing he tried to do when he got home was jump through the bedroom mirror. Twice.
This deserves a subreddit. /r/groomies for when fur babies are grooming
I love him too. Please let him know with chin scritches and a little pat on the head.
He's not looking at himself while licking, he's looking at you, learning how he can manipulate you with his cuteness. Run when you still can OP, before it's too late
He clearly loves himself more than anyone
My 6.5 week old kitten has taken over our bedroom while my girlfriend, our dog, and myself have been sleeping in our living room so that we can sleep and know that he isn’t getting into everything or upsetting our dog.

It’s been 3 days.... this is his apartment now.
Already passing the mirror test. Better keep an eye on this one.
What a cutie and he knows it!!
What a little prince! Look at him, preening in the mirror. <3
“Excuse me while I get my bitch slapper ready.”

Also: steal the cat.
Please tell girlfriends family to get another kitten!!!! Always try adopt in pairs especially when they’re that little! It’ll help with sooooo much.
What a narcissist
if I didn't already have a senile 20 yr old cat and my adorable 4 yr old cat, reddit would have definitely convinced me to get a kitten during quarantine
Handsome boi knows he's handsome.
I love him too!
Hecking-
why is this cat so cute
He’s like “hey mirror friend, check out what I can do! Cool right?! Wait... you can do it too???!”
what are cutie! he is in love with himself or just missing his siblings..poor baby
Precious little kitten.
Is smol
r/IllegallySmolCats/
r/ntbdbiwdfta
Is he an IG influencer yet?
Update: I made /r/groomies now
Watch out! He’s cleaning off his Bitch slapper!
He knows he's fabulous
You probably even think this comment's about you, don't mew, don't mew?
A little narcissist!
Awen't you the cutest wittle bastud (TwT)
Eyes are burning with how cute this is
He already knows he’s going to be running that household.
That's not a furball,that's a love floof!
So sweet. 💛💛💛
Please....I need karma
She be like who this bitch like me
He legit took a bite out of the mirror
On the 10th loop of this, it started lagging and I got irrationally angry
He needs about 10 boops and 20 kisses.
Cuteness level exceded! 😍
He loves him too
They are grooming with a friend.
He seems to love him too
"Who's that sexy thing I see over there? It me, grooming in the mirror."
holy freaking cuteness
S m o l boi
Why do cats love their reflections
Watch this one carefully :p

He's smart enough to recognize himself in the mirror, and smart cats are trouble lol.
u/vredditdownloader
I wanna put it in my hoodie pocket and carry it around
Класс
I also love him.
I love him too
Yoooo this post got 69k updoots
"Would you do me? I'd totally do me. I'd do me so fucking hard."
So cute!  I love the way he’s just staring at himself in the mirror!  “I’m so handsome,” he says.
I needed this today. They’re so cute and it’s such a wholesome post.
Why do other people's cats do cute shit like this when mine just play with the toilet water and drop flower pots everywhere??
He clearly loves the way he looks in the mirror
Wife's daughter got ragdoll Siamese kitten coinciding with back to school, and me being laid off for 3 weeks.
Dude became dudecat in about 48 hours.
He apparently is rather intelligent, grooming before a mirror is an indication that he recognises himself. The fact that he is able to do that at such a young age is even more astonishing.
Be very careful, that cat is practicing his begging/cute face to get out of all sorts of trouble that he's plotting
Is no one going to talk about the missing baseboards. At least throw some quarter round down.

Also cat is cute.
Kitty makeup tutorial.
SO CUTE!!!!!!!
Before I even clicked on the video, I knew I would love him too - I was not wrong.  He's adorable!
Not enought thumbs up or awwws for this precious baby. Im going to hug my cat now.
Cat porn
A quick study, he's learning how to clean himself from that other guy in the mirror.
Omg I just melted what a cutie.❤️ 🐾
Nothing cuter than a kitten.
Where is everyone getting these kittens??! All the shelters where I am are closed from COVID.
That there is a handful of glorious kitten
I’m the late 80’s who went by the nick
"u iz kind. U iz important."
That kitten looks a little young to be adopted out, how old is it?
That’s the first cat I’ve seen grooming herself in front of a mirror like humans do! She definitely knows it’s herself, just look at her preen!
how can a cat be so cute!! I am melting over here
Already reflects a personality, nice
My heart 😭
He has very good paw-sture.
SO CUTE!
Adorable ❤️
Need more updates on this cutie thanks!
Mirror mirror on the wall, who's the handsomest furball...
He jus wan to cleen him frein
❤❤❤
narcissists
That is so adorable. He looks like a smart and mischievous little kitteh.
/r/illegallysmolcats
He know's he's cute and he's not afraid to use it against you.
Sweet, twin kittens that exactly move alike!
Holy crap that's cute.
He wins the internet!🥺
I think he loves him too
Is this what u do in front of the mirror human?...... I like it
I also love him.
Omg.
Seems like he has already passed the mirror test. Smart little kitty.
He's super busy :)
That’s a confident little peanut.
Purrsissius?
That’s adorable, i thought for a moment “why is he staring to himself, and why is there a hole in the wall” and it just didnt hit me that there was a mirror.. i need sleep
u/vredditdownloader
I think I love him too!
/u/vredditdownloader
double furball
Marry her.
So cute.
The best cat is one where someone else else cleans his liter box.
🥰🥰🥰
Quite the diva
Looks like [Tom Kitten](https://beatrixfan.files.wordpress.com/2010/01/1126_0.jpg)!
I needed this 🥰🥰
You're so lucky
Oh, what a doll baby!
I’ve also recently got a cat, she’s a smol calico
Awww hes so tiny
I want a cat, but I can't take care of it due to my work. :'(
I love him too
The Baby!!!
Such a cat!!!
LITTLE FUZZY HEAD
u/blackhammer3333 he knows how cute he is too
u/redditdownload
u/vredditdownloader
I love him too.
I can see why! Happy life together.
I legit thought he was eating the mirror frame
This makes me want a cat and I am a dog person.
/u/vredditdownloader
They always start out like this. Every noise, even a blink looks cute, then eight months down the line you are living with a Gremlin, who eliminates all the garden birds and costs a damn fortune. A kitten is a posh rat.
So do we
What a ridiculous little being.
Damn! I look good enough to eat.
Cat.
Aaawww
100% wholesome
HES THE GOAT!
May we have more of him?
Glad I'm not the only one who methodically licks himself in front of the mirror
I love your mirror
He must have a video date tonight.
Loving this kitty but also I love that mirror on the wall!
r/illegallysmolcats
May be he’s trying to impress the cutie in the mirror.
The years ahead after gng to be amazing for yr family
/u/vredditshare
I look good. Real good. EVERYBODY COME AND SEE HOW GOOD I LOOK.
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Who is this cutie?! 😭❤️ op, you should post this in r/ntbdbiwdfta sub too!
He loves himself too. "Oh. Hello there, Handsome."
Holy shit he's super young to be so self aware lol
r/catsstandingup
/u/vredditshare
Why are smol cats so cute.
Squeeee!!!
Awwwwww. His is so cute! I want him!!
The kitty equivalent of sucking its thumb
u/vredditdownloader
My dog does that when he’s just peed in the house lol
Straight ‘mirin
I shall name thee gollum!
What a cutie
/u/vredditdownloader
Give me the furball and no one gets hurt!

All jokes aside, cute kitty
He realized he was reborn into a feline and was quite happy with it.
🦁
Seems conceited. They learn so young.
It's very good
He’s so small and perfect
Floof cuteness overload.
Just doing some cleaning with my new friend here
We love him
I love him too!
In developmental psychology they call this **the mirror test**, which is where I see a tiny kitten in a mirror and then desperately want to hug it 😻
/u/vredditdownloader
/u/vredditdownloader
Aww
You are required by law to give it daily hugs and also care for it like a child
My, my I look FAAAABBBBULLLOOOOUUUUUSSSSS
Lookin’ fine, little one.  And those grooming skills!
Apparently he loves himself too.
We also love him too
He really likes admiring himself.
u/vredditdownloader
He’s a beautiful floof! Love him at the mirror, preening and primping :)
https://youtu.be/OLDUiSI86GU
Yikes, needs some baseboards and quarter round or something.
Not merely a cat, he said to the mirror, probably.
Go pick him up!!
What is that thing?
Took me a minute I didn’t know if that was a mirror or if there were 2. I need better glasses! 👵🏻🙏🏼
Kitten.
Cat.
So smol and cute <3
u/vredditdownloader
“I have my first date tonight mom and dad. It has to be purrfect”
OHMYGOD
Omg!! That’s the cutest kitty ever!
“Cute aggression intensifies”
a lil one
my heart can’t take this. 😩
Aww maybe he's lonely?
hes so beautiful!!! whats his name!!!
Aww dancing kitten 🥰
"Who's this handsome fella?"
“I don’t know who you are mirror cat, but I like your style. Can’t let you out-do me though. I’m grooming until you stop, too.”
My heart......explode...
Cool cat, says "I look good!"
Wash those paws for 20 seconds :)
that cat is a classic narcissist
dont get too attached, the relationship might end. 

I miss you Bernie!
Omg, why him sitting like hooman?? Why him cutest cutie pie??? 😩😩😩
"When you find yourself cute" Sooooo me
Is someone going to edit in mini ice cream cone or what
Cat.
How could u not love him! Ive never even met him yet here I am, in love.
ι αм α gυη
Awww he has a frend
I made a sound that was distinctly not human. 

He’s so adorable!
Look at him. He’s trying to make sure he looks handsome for his new family
I love him too, so when are you going to bring him over?
Fucking face melted from how stupidly adorable this is
I want to cuddle him!
I love him too!
Cutest thing ever. And there is two of them.
How could you not? I love him, and I just met him!
Vanity Cat!
Lol, I love the fluidity of this!
Soon you'll be choking on furball.... in your sleep.^^/s
Hahahah this is so cute !!!!
“I am adorable” - floof
Open an Instagram account for it - I'm sure it will make cute poses! 🤣
Wait you have a girlfriend? What that feel like
/u/vredditshare
What is on that little paw that’s got him going to town licking on it?
Future king of the household.
He’s just checking in the mirror to make sure he’s cleaning good!! Too cute!!
That is the most adorable , cute and amazing furball ive
 seen today
Lost my cat today, literally the worst day of the worst year R.I.P Roxie :(  will remember you forever girl
Please stop. Need to inspect further endless avocado doxing memes.
Bow before my cuteness 😍❤️
Oh geez. Cuteness overload
I guess you will have to marry gf to keep him in the family. Lol.
> You’re just wasting our time
u/VredditDownloader
“Oh hey me, funny seeing you here!”
Heart reacc 🥰🥰🥰
So sweet!
Nice boyo.
OMG I’m in love too 😍❤️😻
And here I am w no gf and no furball... "Pepecry"
He's purrrrfect
Who’s a pretty kitty?
Put a spot on his face and see if he touches it when he looks in the mirror.
And just like the whole "it's art!!" Thingy
What's not to love about a cute little baby kitty
Damn, that is the vainest (and cutest) kitty I ever did see 😍
"I look gooood... I mean REALLY good. Hey everybody! Come see how good I look!"
u/Vredditdownloader
Kit Katdashian
The ultimate narcissist
"Damn. I clean up goooood"
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
/u/vredditshare
He’s adorable!!!!!!!!
Just the cleanest toebeans. And the cutest.
You are soooo lucky.
Cat Kardashian
Super cute but somebody needs to run some edge banding along that mirror
Omg. The cuteness is ridiculous <3
That is a very confident kitten! I love him!
His name should be Sir Toe beans. Haha.
u/dessssastrito this is the cat place
What a good, clean boi
🤗 😻
Gotta make sure he looks good for his new family!
Hes gonna gibe you a scratch if you mess with his big sister!
he either thinks it’s a friend or is having too much fun to figure it out
I just got a kitten and she doesn’t do anything adorable like that. She does fart when she wants you to leave her be 😂
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
Oh my word that kitten is cute
Do you know if they brought him home from a pound or bought him from an individual? I’m looking to get a baby myself soon
Me too
I now hate you because I can't have animals.
Wait is he actually using the mirror to clean himself? Can cats pass the mirror test?
Im wondering if you're south western PA and received one from a litter I was fostering!?!?
If i ever got turned into a cat this is exactly what I'd do.  So freaking cute!!
This is me every morning brushing my hair and doing my skincare
Hes super cute and looks like a Tao
Now you can’t break up with her, no matter what she does!
Omg he is so precious!!
Oh, you will hate him. You will.
Your girlfriend's a dude?
‘Look how precious I am!’
I don't know this kitten but I would die for him.
u/vredditdownloader
He’s getting ready for his first day at school
I love my heart being evaporated by this cute stuff!!!
YESSSSSSSS! Beyond cute!
This cat seems self-aware
That fuzzy little cutie pie knows a good view when he sees one! Omg my heart cannot take the adorableness of this tiny sweet baby!!! Please cover this kitten in love and hugs and kisses for me because I can't reach him from Dallas and it is causing me actual physical pain. 🐾😻💕
congratulations you are officially enslaved
Awwwwwww...soooooooo cute!!! I want a kitten now!!😊👍🏾❤️👌🏾👏🏾
I love cats :)
r/catsstandingup
He's like a little soda can cylinder of fluff :)
My heart is melting! Just a perfectly cute floof spending some time with another perfectly cute floof :)))
Adorable.
Such an pretty baby 🥺🥺🥺
He's not cleaning himself. He's communicating with the overlords.
kitten has discovered itself... ;)

lord they're cute
Himb a handsome boi
The lack of baseboard is bothering me a bit ngl
All kittens are cute, but this one got extra cute.
He licc.
Oh, he's so sweet. Don't you wish they could stay little forever?
My mum sold a kitten that looks just like this along with his sister this morning
I'll marry the cat
How big is the mirror?
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
this is one of the most upvoted posts in reddit history
I can’t stop watching <3
It’s very cute!!! 😍❤️🥰
How adorable.
Precious
This subreddit is a great place to just relax my mind after seeing fucked up shit on the internet
I want a cat :( I couldn't convince myself because last time I took care of a cat it looked so bored all the time.
So cute!!! I want a cat so badly but unfortunately I’m not able to but I’ll admire all the kitten videos I can get
No I know I'm just messin
you iz smawwwwt  you iz bootiful you iz important
Illegal!
Looks like you'll be sticking with that girlfriend for the cat's life anyway.  Plan on about 25 years.
Cat
Wife's*
Well, we’re going to need more pics.
CUTEEEYYYYY
cute
Marry her twice
u/rusted-nail
I love him more
Omg I wasn’t ready for this 🥺🥺🥺🥺
He's amazing. I want to snuggle him so bad
Pretty cute. Unfortunately I have bad news. Excessive licking of the paws can indicate that he is a licky boi. I'm terribly sorry. There is no cure and the only treatment is he licc
Awwww
u/vredditshare
u/VredditDownloader
SMOL LIKZ
u/vredditdownloader
[removed]
GET ANOTHER ONE, UNLEAST. Dont leave it alone.
Mine.


Now.
u/vredditdownloader
[removed]
Well I love him too so can I have him?
Is he really grooming himself😅!? That cat gonna have so many pu**y's in future!!
I dunno why, but it feels really weird that it’s another families cat, that doesn’t live with you, in which you’re saying you love “already”. It’s almost like you’re placing yourself in their family and taking owner ship of this cat, via reddit, for imaginary internet points. 

I’m sure the family probably sees you as their own or whatever, but damn does this OP just weird the shit outta me...

Cute cat tho!
Lol
A Corona carrier. Great idea.
Hey OP,

Me and my family have been looking for a cat like this for a while, and yours matches what we have been looking for in a pet. I would like to buy it off of you. Does 250$ sound OK? We can discuss more in your DMs if you would like. And don’t worry, it will be in good hands, and he will be taken care of. 

Thanks :)
