Knew someone who had a Great Dane who barreled into a kitchen with a freshly waxed floor.  For the rest of his life he slowly backed into the kitchen.
Love how his paw goes through and hit the floor on the other side then he jumps back inside to check if there’s glass again.
Proof golden retrievers are smarter than Malamutes.

Mine, "Hey you left the door open!"  \*Run BANG\* Glass explodes everywhere.  She shakes her head, wonders wtf happens and runs out.

A week later after we finally get the glass replaced.

\*Run BANG\*

Fortunately she bounced off.
Imagine slamming into a window nose first.  I can't blame him.
Love how at the end it just looked at the outside again and noped to the right.
Oh dear! That’s precious! 

Reminds me of a time when I was in the 4th grade. My parents decided to take us to Ocean City for the 4th of July and I was so excited to see the fireworks. The sliding glass door was always open during the day to let fresh air in. Naturally, that evening, when I heard fireworks outside I lit my engine and went full turbo speed at the hardest glass door I have ever experienced in my life.

My dad says I got the bump on my nose from him, but I think it was from the impact of that glass door. I found fireworks elsewhere after that memorable night.
I love at the end when he gets his snack, he turns to run out with his food but is facing the glass door direction then pivots the other way
This legitimately made me say awwww! Older goldens are the best :)
I hope you get him a good therapist
Oh honey, it's ok :(
Window stickers needed.
"You're in the house!" 🤣
You got to put a little sticker on the glass door at the dog's height.

He'll get it then.
Been burned before.
If your dog does this, put a patterned sticker at eye level and give it a few weeks. They'll figure it out.
What a smart pup
"My paw can go through but i dunno, there could be some trickery going on. Not smashing my face again! "
Bwhahahaa I just love dogs
This was me leaving the bar. Well, it used to be me leaving the bar.
Poor little love.  Put some window treatment on the glass at his eye level and show him so he can see its safe to walk thru.  Please?🤗
😂😂omg that’s so cute
This is the best content I've seen all day.💝
Aww, that broke my heart. Poor thing.
This cuts out so much cuteness! [Full video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B-KhOAgPlQ4). Source/sauce.
That's a testament to how clean their windows are! Luckily my animals won't have this issues at home......wait what?
"I'm in buuuuuut the door could've moved, so I'm just gonna keep on checking."
Ooohh so that's why i have trust issues.
Poor thing has PTSD.
That poor baby.
Smart dog
I’m cryinggggg poor baby it’s ok to b cautious 🤣
He's like, "Are you sure? I don't wanna slam into no invisible walls again."
*Glass-door flashbacks*
This gets reposted every week, seriously.
I think this dog is going blind. Notice he doesn't follow the treat with his eyes. He doesn't know the treat is there until he smells it
Hey, just curious..you don't suspect your sweetie might be blind or vision impaired, do you? I've had a couple dogs get like this as they get older.
Poor baby 😭


He’s being so cautious. I play a lot of fetch with my girl, I threw the ball once and the timing sucked when the ball fell on her head :(

She now constantly looks up when running so it looks a bit weird lol.
Aw poor baby!!!
Does he have vision and smelling issues?  The amount of windex my dad used to clean his sliding doors, you could smell them a mile away.
Except I don’t need a glass door to develop trust issues.
I was half hoping we got to see him try to leave, too.
This is adorable and hilarious all together.
Haha poor boy, he must have learned the lesson the hard way.
Aww poor doggo
I wonder if the poor fella has trouble seeing.
When I was a kid we has a glass door that led to our backyard where our pool was. One day I was running (as little kids do) back and forth for like 10 minutes as fast as I could through the open glass door, then turning around and running though from that side. When suddenly someone closed the door, I was having too much fun to bother watching out for something like that, and everyone knew I was doing it, I was squealing with glee (as little kids do) then BAM!!!!! I still to this day don’t know how I didn’t break the thing. I hit my head really hard, and fell down.
My dog Ginger used to do this! She ran into the screen once and for the next 10 years of her life would paw through that door just like this. Crazy how their minds work.
Thank you for uploading this!! I am having to go through a lot of school shit right now and a lot of stress has built up but the moment I saw this, it just brought a smile to my face. Thanks again for uploading this!!
Poor boy is going blind. :(
Can we just get it over with and rename the breed Derpy Golden?
Man he hit that glass HARD didn’t he?
Dude has more trust issues than the u.s. public.
Window stickers.   The plastic peel off kind at their level.  They then learn.
Poor pupper
That is basically me with door knobs in houses where static electricity rules the household.

> It always zaps me.  
> It zapped me two minutes ago.  
> Surely it won't zap me again.  
> Better do the fleeting touch of fear.  
> DANGIT.  
> It zapped me again.
Dawwwww poor dude
Poor little guy!
Must have hurt a lot.
🤣
Lol. Same.
Where is the force field ? This ain't right.
As someone who as run into a screen door at full speed, I understand him wanting to double check.
Lmfao omg that was adorable
Put some cling tint up for that puppy.
Micheal scott will never ever chase a icecream truck again
PupPTSD
Crying
Old wise pupper
Glass give you trust issues.
It would have been amazing if after the dog took the treat it went to go back into the house and the door was shut.

*May dog have mercy on me*
The dog's name? Michael Scott.
Once? Mines done it at least 3 times getting too excited to go out on the porch, she hits it pretty hard and acts like it doesn’t phase her
Poor guy
My younger sister was about 5 when she finally got to go the beach.  I had been before.. once but enough to know what the ocean was and what not.  She saw the ocean from our hotel room, and we didnt live in a house at the time with sliding glass doors.  I don't think my parents understood how mind blown she must have been.. she ran full speed straight into the sliding glass door and bounced off.. screaming "ocean" until she landed on the floor.  Must have scared the shit out of her lol
Are you sure it’s not there Karen?!
Awwww. Sending all my love to that sweetness!
Awww he/she needs a hug
I as a  human can relate. So many screen doors.
I read that they are developing glass that reflects in the same manner as spiderwebs so that birds don't smack into it.  I imagine its the same way with dogs.
Why are labs so goofy 😂
Goldens are fearless when food is involved.
Oh my god that is amazing! 🤣🤣🤣
I miss my golden retriever so much it hurts.
Kindof acts like my dog on hardwood floors. A particular cold morning is all it took
Omg so pitiful and precious 💔
Awwwww.....
I don’t blame him!! After getting banged into the glass, this comes naturally.
It takes less than that for me to develop trust issues.
Aww poor baby!
Comes inside running next time

*DUUUUNG*

I TRUSTED YOOOU
We put stickers on the doors to so the dogs knew if they could go in or not. It works pretty good once the learn to look for it
Put stickers on the door so he realizes when it's open or closed. Might take a while but he'll get there
When I was about 8, my dad and I were going to a local community college to watch my sister’s HS basketball game. As per usual, I was hella hyped. After we stood in line outside and bought out tickets, I sprinted into the gym. Except, I didn’t. That’s because I ran into the one non-door section that didn’t have a sign or decal. I didn’t even get a hand up to lessen the blow. Full on, excited eight year old nose meets glass. Opened my eyes looking up at the sky with hundreds of people laughing. That was a difficult day for me.
My dogs just smashed through mine. Glass everywhere they didnt cut themselves though.
The best part is even after walking through the doorway and getting a treat he’s too scared to go back through the door
Bless your heart. You sweet baby. ❤️
You can put decals on the door for birds/dogs/cats to recognize it's a door.
Tip: put a strip of tape so that the dog can learn when the door is opened or closed a lot faster and easier.
Poor guy!
This is me trying to have fun with people who like me.
Here. Good boy.
I was audibly rooting for doggo to make it inside
He thinks he phased through the glass.
i love terrazzo floors

so many people in miami buying 50’s houses tile over them
I actually “aww”-ed
this made my day! dogs are awesome and they dont even know it!!
Haha! My parents had to put up those window decals for birds because their GSD kept running into the sliding glass door
 LMFAOOO THAT GOOD BOY IS CONFUSED!
“FOOL ME ONCE YOU ASSCLOWNS”
Put on lines of like blue painters tape near the bottom so when the dog sees it, it knows the door is closed
My jack russel had an incident where a hot pan fell off the stove and burnt him as a puppy. 4 years later, he still looks up and checks before walking past the stove.
Awww buddy :(
Poor guy
What a smart dog. I know many people, myself included, that eat shit on a daily basis and never learn from it
I had a German Shepherd growing up and I've always heard that they are smart, but mine wasn't (he was really cute though), he banged on a glass door and shattered it and without a care in the world he kept running around the house, we got it replaced and a month later boom! He shattered it again.
/u/JD1312W 😍
We used window paint to decorate the bottom half of our old sliding door so the dog could tell if it was open or not (and the current one has some deco on the upper half for the people oof)because he ran into it twice and then refused to use that door at all. Nothing cute like this just demanded to be let around the front to use the front door till we showed him how to tell.
My cat just went blind and she had a bad day today this is what she looked like everywhere she went 😿
Very smart 🐕 ain't falling for the okey-doke
I feel this
Tape an X on the door
I just want to give him a hug and help him destroy all the glass doors.
aaawwwww such a cuteee🤗🥰😘
Perfect excuse not to wash your door glass! Maybe a line of some sort of decorative tape, decals, or frosted bottom might help the poor pup see when it's there
Golden retrievers really hit a sweet spot of intelligence where they’re smart enough to check if there’s a glass door in the way, but not smart enough to know it’s unnecessary to check with both paws before going through
My golden retriever broke the lower pane of glass in the door to the garage getting excited when my sisters asked if she wanted to go for a ride. It took about a week before we got it replaced with plexiglass. Our cat thought it was cool, he could go outside whenever he wanted. The day it got replaced I’m standing there, gazing into the fridge, when up comes the cat. He hunkered down, did a little bootie shake, and leapt headfirst into the plexiglass, landed, and immediately disappeared into the basement. It was one of the funniest things I’ve ever seen.
Me when I got back into the dating scene.
Awww poor baby!
Am I the only who find the girl’s voice attractive?
I like how when he gets the treat he looks at the door and just says yeah nope and goes the other way
Well I’ve found it. My favorite video on the entire internet.

He so careful
Aww poor thing has ptsd. What a scary thing for a dog to go through.
Dogs are so fucking dumb it’s ridiculous.
Love it when the dog goes to leave towards the same door and is like 'Nah, fuck that'😀
Put a sticker on the door at the pup's eye level
Not this day glass door. Not this day..
Love how he goes to walk back out the door, then decides 'fuck that noise again'
Once we had to replace our screen door and our dog was whining to be let in because she thought it was still there.
Poor pooch
Walk through with the dog a few times?
Childlike giggles came out of my face. I love this so much
111k upvotes! If we get 112k this will be the number 1 most upvoted post of all time in the history of reddit.
Wait, is that sweet Waffles?? Does anybody have a source? And if you guys dont know @sweetwaffles on Instagram, I suggest you check him out and improve your day.
When you're not sure if you lock your car and so you keep pressing the lock button
Where is the invisible barrier?  I know there is one here? You think you ca trick the good boy?
I truly know how he feels, poor baby. Thanks for encouraging him to try.
What a lovely, and careful, dog! Great clip.
For some reason this reminds me of how Spider-Man tests happy after tricked by Mysterio
Can relate
Oh how I relate lol
Aw poor baby lol. That was the sweetest thing ive seen. "Cmon honey theres no door""are you sure mom?" "Are you sure you are sure mom???" " can i check first???"
Repost but will always upvote! Still hilarious
Aww what a little sweetie! Did he hurt himself when he ran into the door?
My dog is not so gifted... he’s run into a lot of glass doors and it never seems to phase him. He’s ran into a few of them pretty hard so that might be why he’s a little less bright but he’s the sweetest thing ever. The vet says he’s perfectly healthy. He also bumps his head into walls sometimes because he isn’t paying attention when he runs around the house. He’s special.
nah, no such thign as issuex , remeberx, forget any nmw
What a good boy!
Don't you laugh at him he's trying his fucking best :(
Yeah my American Staffordshire ran into my glass sliding door and he keeps doing it
r/animalsbeingderps
Awww poor doggo
That boy was hurt by a clear window once. That's all it took and he's never making that mistake again
This is really the best video on r/aww ive ever seen.
Saved.
Poor little guy
That dog at least learned a lesson. We could all follow suit.
Awww, must’ve been one hell of a crash.
**\*AWWW INTENSIFIES**
I am the human version of this dog
Good boy does it for the giggles.
i love dogs.
So I was living outside the glass all my life uh
Adorable lol
Man I would do the same thing
Not a very bright dog.
That's why dogs walk through doors backwards.
Grabbing my popcorn for this comments section
I had two boxers cloey ran into the sliding glass door once in her life , copper how ever did it 2-3 every month, copper was not a smart dog but loveable
This dog said not today
Maybe put some of those gummy window stickies at dog height so your dog can tell if it is closed or open?
R,izvciz32
Such a beautiful fluff
I wanna pet it so bad.
we laugh but if we ran face-first into an invisible forcefield we'd be pretty cautious too
That poor baby!
My favorite thing about when doggos do this is how they'll fall foreword and go more than half way through the door, but back up and return to trying to figure out if there is glass there. Like he's in the dang house, but backs out just to make sure he wasn't fazing through a solid object.
I feel like this is symbolic of some sociocultural issue that exist with humans.
Melt my freakin heart
This. Fucking. Shit. Warmed. My. Damn. Heart. So. Hard.
Ooohhhhhh MY HEART
Stickers. Get stickers and out them at eye level for your animal.
Tell me its ok
Such a good boy
Good pupper
Poor guy.
My koolie just keeps running into it.
This broke my heart 😞
Our husky developed similar trust issues temporarily as a puppy. My husband was working out in the yard, and had her outside with him. The sliding glass door was open, but the screen was closed. I guess she ran into it a few times during the day.

I came home from work and came outside and we decided to head to a movie, so my husband brought some stuff in the house and left the screen open behind him. He called her to go inside and she sat at the doorway. We both encouraged her to go in, but she just kept sitting. When she went to go in, she first tried to place both paws on the screen door, only to fall right in. It was so cute and we couldn't stop laughing about it.
Do what my parents did just tint the lower half of the door or a least eye level so the dog knows there is something g there
This is all my relationships in a nutshell....
He must have hit a glass door hard in the past, poor doggo.
So cute dog. :)
Dawwww....got the treat too!
Once you work in any language
Yup, once you’re burned, it takes time before you can trust your instincts...again.
Aww poor baby so precious
Awwwwwww poor baba. And the frosted muzzle. What a sweet face!
I think you need to put a decal on the bottom half of the door for him.
That title is a mood OP. I feel you, you cute good baby boo
Fair enough.
Yea you gotta break that habit.
If your dog is running into your sliding doors why not tape or paint onto the inside of the glass in order to properly display a barrier to them? No big grey square in the way-> safe to walk through.
Ahh poor doggy
This makes me wanna laugh and cry at the same time
this is a great analogy for me and people
[The NextFriday edit](https://coub.com/view/2e1szx)
I love that dog
Poor baby. Hope he gets over it.
That’s the cutest dog I’ve ever seen
I know the feeling all to well, I did that once as a child and I still haven't fully recovered.
This is so adorable!!
What an absolutely adorable moment. Thank you for sharing that.
I like how he avoids heading in the direction of the door once he gets the treat lol
Ya gotta mine opening the door for him.  Then he'll be comfortable to walk through.
The classic “try to pet them as you feed them but nope cya they gone”, trick.
Ahhhhh what a sweet lil baby!!!!
Haha. My 1 year old Golden ran into our glass door today. We keep it open but with a thin white curtain over the doorway to help minimize bugs and my husband apparently closed it as it got warm out. He heard something outside and went running and went face first into it.

I think the result is going to he him ripping my curtain down to ensure the door is open. Dogs are silly <3
My little shih tzu does this after running into the screen slider.
Reddit dog videos make my day
Very similar to a video that went around of my Golden.     
https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/bol04x/smart_boy_checks_to_see_if_theres_a_glass_door/    

https://www.gfycat.com/KeenSentimentalAntarcticgiantpetrel
i do the same :( i ran into a glass door and it will never happen again.
Goldens are so pure.
Lol I thought he was about to take it back it out
Omg
Aaww, poor doggie 💕🐶💕
Doggo ptsd
Love this.
Dog is playing the long con
This is actual video of me trying to go through a glass sliding door for the past 5yrs
M
  *“* Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me *'”*
I kind of got the feeling that dog was tricked into running into the door and not by accident.  I hope I’m wrong cuz that would be messed up.
That must’ve been one brutal collision with the glass door...
At the very end, he considers going back outside, then is like:

NOPE, FUCK THAT SHIT.
I think this is the cutest thing ive  ever seen
I'm thinking about getting frosted glass if I run into this situation.
My cousin did this once, she was running to go outside...the glass shattered and got stuck all over her and she had to go to the ER.
Ohh wow it's fantastic
From experience, I can say this is true.
This is a perfect example of how sometimes you can be just smart enough to be stupid. 


Smart: "I was hit yesterday.  However, I have determined that there is no evidence of glass here today.  I will carefully go through."

Stupid: "OOOO A SNACK!  [crack]. AGAIN?!  THIS HAPPENED YESTERDAY, TOO!"

Smart enough to be stupid: "I was hurt yesterday so despite there being no danger, I will not go through"
I got closed lined, while running full tilt, by a construction wire when I was a kid. For years after that I was cautious about any doorway, pole, fence post, etc. It was weird to have something like that happen.
Nice
Dawwwwwww
Ui mamãe
awwww
What's his/her name... really cute!!
Is this the real life?

Or is this just fantasy?
Human has removed the barrier. Thanks human.
Velma looking for her glasses.
I really love the lady's voice. It sounds so cheerful and gentle. Forget Morgan Freeman, I want her to tell me where to go
u/vredditshare
The smile on his face is precious when he has his paws out
Oh I feel his pain, a face first into a closed freshly cleaned door almost rendered me out cold.
r/animalsbeingderps
Dog is on acid. Clearly.
‘Wait, wait, wait... alright, I’m good!’
This is too cute for words!!!!!!
Haha awww poor baby!!
Awwww
Oh dogs do this too
Bless it's heart.
Relatable but with people some people I saw as friends then later turned to be enemy’s or people who I feel I can’t trust
Lmao poor pupper
Fool me once . . .
So ... Cute dog .. lovely
If you hang window clings at the dog's eye level on the door they will learn the difference between open and closed. Then remove one cling per week and the dog will acclimate to recognizing the door by its other traits.
!remindme 10h
Aww so cute.
Was smiling ear to ear throughout. Thanks for this.
That's the cutest fucking thing I have ever seen.
Golden’s are so precious
Holy heck! I'm through!
My dog walked straight into a doorframe when he was a puppy because he was too focused on what I had in my hand. He's almost 13 years old now and still looks where he's going every two seconds when you have a treat in your hand and he follows you.
Holy shit that’s adorable. Poor boy is traumatized lol.
Love that paw checking for glasses. Goldens are really one of the prettiest dogs for me.
now that I’m bigger,
exactly good baby
Sweet sugar face! Poor guy, i hope he didn’t get too hurt when he bashed into the door!
It's kind of weird that he's still wary of it even after his arm passes the threshold.
Wish my old greyhound learned from doing it once. Genius used to love running around the back yard but sometimes she'd try coming inside afterwards nearly at full speed and never remembered that the door existed.
My dog ran into the screen door once when he was a puppy. I don't recall him ever doing so again, as he'd just wait for one of us to open it. They're smarter than we give them credit for.
God golden retrievers are so precious 😭 need one
That dog is sweeter than sugar.
He must have seen Premonition
Hug that damn dog already!
It's so funny to see quite clearly sometimes how animals learn.
Affinity doesn’t trust you. Bail.
That was so sweet... and so sad. Maybe I’m good with just having asshole cats
I feel the same. I once walked into a glass door when I was a child. Now I always poke with my finger before trying to pass what could be a glass door. >\_\_>
That is so sad and so adorable all at the same time. Serious PTSD.
I ran full force into a sliding glass door as a kid and nearly knocked myself out then developed a habit where i would reach for it first to make sure it was open i would do it without even thinking
That’s hilarious 😆
Poor bebe.
Oh, bless his heart. I don't blame him for being cautious.
Is this dog’s name Mr. Peanutbutter? Because that is a Sad Dog.
/r/dogsarestupid
We need glass our doggos can see so we don't confuse them with the design of our home.
pavlov approved 😄
He thought about going back though the door but thought better and was like "Nah fuck that door, I ain't making a fool of myself again."
..wouldn’t trust Quora anymore!
He didn’t see that coming...
/u/vredditshare
u/vredditshare
U/Vredditdownloader
I hate to be the one to say it, but perhaps not the smartest doggo in the world.
Aw the poor doggo.
Good boy 🤗❤
Such a cute boy!
u/vredditdownloader
Weirdly enough my grandma and mom have done this a lot
###**"IT'S BACOOOOOOON!!"**
The crime junkies gals would absolutely fall in love with this video!
I don't know if this is OP's video, but if it is, I recommend putting some type of sing in the glass door like putting strips gray masking tape (I know it for the Spanish name, american tape) or something.

That was what my parents did after I run into a glass door and broke my front teeths (I was 4, so no major scars or missing teeths thankfully), so I think it might work for a dog.
Since I was little, I've ran into glass doors 4 times in my life, one of them absolutely head straight running full speed. As a result, I started having trust issues with elevator doors.
Poor doggo has PTSD
TBH I doubt it will run games smoothly
Me going to the bathroom in the middle of the night
Whut up?
Talk about training your pet to stay alert all the time.
u/VredditShare
Hmm🤔..I wonder how many times has this dog ran into the glass door?
That's totally me !
Once they say "Isn't it the same point.
I love that last moment where he went to go outside but then turned right around
Nobody takes the law into their own by hand
Jazz hands
Dogs are the best.
you mean, your dog is a dumbass
Meanwhile my dog slams into the glass like a bulldozer
When we got french doors installed in the back of our house, the first thing one of my labs did when we let them out after the installers left was jump headfirst in to the glass
u/vredditdownload
u/vredditdownloader
Aww that poor dog is probably really scared :(
For realz . I saw my little sis plow into a glass door when we were kids . Poor thing
omg, This is how a few wars started.
My cat used to like to jump on my shoulders when she was kitten until one day I didn't see her and made her missed her jump.
She never try to crimb on me again ever since. T_T
I love how in the very end the first reaction after receiving the treat is to retreat back into the house but then a big „nope - invisible wall“ triggers and he choses to go another path
This video is such a classic
Yep there is a reason why my sliding glass door is dirty and should have been cleaned months ago.
Here’s part one of my new video series: how to train your dog to run into a glass door
[Relevant video](https://vm.tiktok.com/Tf9S6o/)
u/VredditDownloader
seems more than *once*  to me
Aww he must have really hurt himself
Once you work in corporate AV also?
u/Vredditdownloader
I can really relate to that dog!
This is the most golden thing I’ve ever seen
Marco’s a loop
My dog did the same exact thing after he ran into our sauna door, which had wood on it before, and than it got changed to a darkened glass door, so he thought it was open because there was no wood and then just ran into it. Now hes always sitting behind it or trying to push with his paw to see if its closed. And its pretty funny
u/vredditdownloader
Ahhhhh my heart 🥺🥺❤️
Can confirm I’ve run into a screen door and BAM trust issues I have to stick my hand out the door or open it myself to use it
I kicked the shit out of a screen door once, almost sent it over the deck railing. now I always check with my hand first just like this dog :)
u/vredditdownloader
I would say this is breed specific cause my idiot dog keep running into the same shit.
r/animalsbeingderps
u/VredditDownloader
Aww the poor baby, my heart, and my laughter box.
My German Shepard went true the screen many times. The screens had trust issues, not the GSD.
Not a cute dog story, but...

one time my boss and I were going to a client presentation. As we approached the all-glass walled conference room, I realized at the last moment that my boss wasn’t adjusting her speed appropriately and she slammed into an all glass door in full stride. She fell backward onto her butt and sat there stunned. She had no idea what happened.
u/VredditDownloader
Can't blame, i've done the same
Help him out a bit, poor thing
u/vredditdownloader
That was adorable! Thank you.
Nice
100k like
u/vredditdownloader
Perhaps I should start numbering how many times I’ve walked into a mirror or a glass door. Especially in shops. Because, y’know, public humiliation is the best thing in the world.
Lmao
This made my morning 😂
Oh buddy 🥺
this is why I love dogs
Smarter than when I buy a suspicious Virtual currency in ico‼︎
Seems like there have been some glassy experiences before. 😃
I had a dog before that would run down the stairs with her two front feet and drag her back ones so they just loosely dangled and smacked the steps.
In his haste to hide and enjoy his treat, he noped TF out on the glass door. ‘I’ll hide elsewhere ‘
That dog must’ve run full force into that door to be that terrified
Do that thing you do when you go to open the door to let poor doggo know the door is gone!  It's comforting and if it's the same action that opens the door normally, the doggo will eventually pick up on it.
My black lab is afraid to jump off the bed(~2.5ft from the ground). I assume she slipped and face planted the floor once but she has no problem jumping up.
Put some tape on that glass 😭
My cat and dog both do this when going through the pet door. Takes 5 minutes sometimes. Sometimes they do it for a while, decide it's not worth the risk and walk away.
r/animalsbeingderps
We have two parking spots in front of our side/backyard. My grandpa was once parking and my dog was standing on the fence waiting for his pets as always. 
Somehow, my grandpa forgot(?) to put the car in park and it slowly rolled forward as he got out. The car hits the fence, rattles my poor doggy & he is now forever traumatized. 
Whenever he is by the fence (on the side of that certain parking spot) and someone tries to park, he gets up and backs away lol. But if someone parks on the other parking spot, he’s fine. It’s so cute how they have their own little fears and things they remember lol

I should add that no one was hurt. The car only moved maybe a foot forward at a slow pace so it just tapped and rattled the fence.
So cute
My dog literally just takes the pain every time but he’s been learning so that parts good
u/vredditdownloader
Awwww...bless his little heart!
Meanwhile my dog will still run into the door....every single time.
I have seen a dog back into a room because this happened, no question they are smarter than humans making the same mistakes repeatedly.
Thought about putting stickers on the door at your dog’s eye level?
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
u/Vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
u/VredditDownloader
cute dog😍
u/vredditdownloader
u/VredditDownloader
u/VredditDownloader
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
u/VRedditDownloader
u/vredditdownloader
/u/VredditDownloader
What a dumbass dog
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader support me with a link
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
u/VredditDownloader
 u/VredditDownloader
u/vredditdownloader
u/VredditDownloader
Does he think the door is some sort of randomly generated force field ?
[deleted]
More like basic motor function issues lol
Stupid ass dog
Very cute.  It's ironic that the animal he eats wouldn't be this stupid though.
Sad, not adorable... poor guy is really struggling! I don’t know how anyone could adore this or think it’s cute if it’s an ongoing behavior. Anyone with their dog in this situation should do something to help them out
/u/vredditshare
My dog has a phobia bc I violated her trust so many times she doesn’t know if it’s a window or a wall!!   HahahahHahAhhhhaaaahah

HahahahahahahahahhhAhhahHaaha

r/iamashittyperson

Doesn’t happen after only one time, btw.  Ugh.   Besides, they don’t play in their crates once they’re grown, they play in the home or outside. Once they’re grown they don’t use the crate for comfort.

Let even one of them still be alive.
[deleted]
