[deleted]
Hiya, such a great moment, I tried to sketch it...Hope you like it, thanks for posting!

http://imgur.com/gallery/XFQVHAw
Dude, I watched your interview randomly on youtube and thought you and your girlfriend were hilarious and so cool. Found you again here,  and you are engaged! That's awesome, congratulations!! Glad to see you doing well.
I was expecting this to be a repost bot account, but was actually surprised that it is really you. Thank you, this is very cute.
She is beautiful and you deserve all her kisses and attention
TIL Shane is on Reddit!

Edit upon waking up this morning: Hi Shane!

RIP inbox.
I have a concern about this photo..... Did you order potting soil from Amazon? And if so they just toss it in a box?
Love love looooooooooooooove!
Squirmy n' Grubs!
Yo did I just accidentally stumble upon Shane on Reddit?
Good doggo
What a lovely sheep :)
Shane! Love your vids, hannah and you are amazing people, really inspiring, greetings from mexico💖❤💖❤
I just wanna say that I love your channel on youtube. It gives me hope that i’ll find true love when I see you guys together. This is because I too am disabled, I have duchenne muscular dystrophy. Thank you for bringing happiness and joy to my life and many others around the world! :)
I teach at a school for kids with physical disabilities (including SMA) and one of students told me to read your book. It's fantastic. Didn't think I'd run into you in reddit!
Aww doggo kisses 😘
I watch your youtube channel
r/animalsbeingbros

Edit: I didn't know that was an actual subreddit. Well, I know what my next hour is going to be.
Every time you make a post with Chloe, the internet noticeably lifts a little higher out of the chaos and dumpster fires. You guys are so clearly there for each other and I’m definitely here for you.
I hope you put this on your "Things That Made Me Smile" list because this is adorable
Them shoes is tight
What are you planting? Cute dog btw
Are you that guy from youtube that kind of chronicles your life with your smoking hot wife? Good on you my guy.
1) so cute
2) loved your book
Hi Shane! I love watching you and Hannah. I’ve learned so much from your channel and when I’m feeling low it is always such a sweet, relaxing thing to have playing (especially lately!). I always recommend your channel to my friends and I look forward to your videos every week. 
I work with physically disabled people and your vlog has given me a deeper understanding of the challenges faced by this population that I wouldn’t otherwise have. 
Thank you for sharing your lives with all of us!
❤
She is so cute
Such a pair you are! Love this photo—lifts my spirits!
Shane, my man! It's awesome to see you on reddit, love your videos!
Doesn't this dude normally get hate in other subs?
I have a stepson aged 5 and my Dad has a pitbull. Stepson has only really been around small dogs consistently and pitbull only around larger humans. Watching them meet up is always a blast as stepson loves a larger dog to actually play and run with and pitbull is fascinated by the fact he's head level with someone and can endlessly kiss their face. It's adorable
Yes that’s awesome! I like the your fence too
Ok awesome. I really miss seeing happy people. 
Really truly do. This made my heart flip.
Shane my only question is why don't you get cool patterns for your afos. Its like fun socks 24/7 I have dinosaurs on my braces.
 Yay! Shane is on Reddit! I’m happy! You guys make me smile!
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I saw the title and immediately knew it was gonna be Shane. Love you dude! Your sense of humor is very similar to mine and you are genuinely hilarious. Everyone should check out his YouTube channel if you haven't already!
You NEVER go ass to mouth.
Very good
That’s awesome
Wow, I went through your account to see if you had any information about your illness if I could call it that and found your YT channel. Congrats on not feeling small and also making it easier for others to deal with their problems as well.
Bro is Hannah jealous though 🧐🤔
Nice, good stuff Shane.  Been awhile since I'd watched a video or saw it in recommended, glad you're still kicking ass!
Poodles are great dogs!
Looks like she found the smile switch!
Hope you know you made me very happy today.
this is the most positive comment section i've seen im so happy
Don't pretend like kisses weren't your plan all along!!
Is that a goldendoodle?
What a sweetheart
I am so happy that you have this. I'm a 6'3" 300 lb man and I'm crying because your happy dude. Your happiness has made me happy inside. Thank you. It's a beautiful thing.
She still is giving kisses while you answer comments?? Better be!!! <3
That's your plan all along
Love it
She's a good dog.
I seriously thought the dog had eaten the guys face.
Awwww 🥰
Very cute. Thank you
Nice coat, cute doggie.
That dog rules
I see no down sides here
Aww my dogs named chloe too, looks similar but all black!
I love your channel!
What a sweet girl! ☺️
Awesome stuff!
Clever girl!
Looks like she is being the best girl.
Badass shoes
My dogs do this with my daughter!!! It's just the sweetest thing!! Until she gets pissed because she wants to move!!
Super cute!!!!

My son uses a chair as well. 

We love your photos!
My heart is melting, so sweet.
Is that a golden doodle? Or full poodle? Either way, such sweet dogs, I’m sure she’s thrilled to be able to give more kisses!!
Now you can give eachother big hugs!
Is it a Lagotto?
Absolutely fantastic fantastic fantastic 💜💜💜.
My dog aims straight for my SO's face whenever he gets in bed.  I swear that dogs have itchy tongues and women just don't have the whiskers up for the job.
Doggo giving zero fucks and all the love.
Dogs are too sweet
Yo those shoes are supa hot
You can just tell by this picture! She is giving you so many kisses!! 💜💜💜
Damnit that’s sweet. Dogs are so awesome.
This is precious!
nice shoes
The sweetest thing I've seen all year🥰
Puppy kisses are the best! You're so lucky!!
My pup is named chloe too! What an awesome doggy you got man
Wow she grew so big!!! Thanks for sharing this lovely moment:)
Very cute, you’re never going to get enough of them!
Good dog Chloe
Everyone no matter what they have going on in their lives, needs a nice fluffy puppy to comfort them.  I mean everybody.  Even bad people.  Maybe a good boi can convert them to be good people.
You both must be so happy! This is a wonderful photo of the two of you. :)
Those shoes are baller.
Awww!!! So sweet!!
Dude, those kicks are fire! Nice dog too.
Omg i didnt know shane was on reddit 😀👍 cool.
Love yall
I’m digging those fresh kicks!
Dogs are the best. Is this a golden doodle?
awesome !
Why did I just give my last two gold’s away 😭
This is one of life's precious moments ♥️
OMG you can tell she loves you so much. This is awesome.
It's enough to make a grown man cry, and that's okay
So cute
So glad to see you doing well!!!
Nice shoes!
So sweet💛
Awww!!!  Too cute.
love this
Dogs give us so much. Thanks for sharing this.
You must have the record for getting to the top of r/all
You still with that girl?
Awww, that’s love!
I always like your shoes man!!
Sick shoes bro
I didnt know you at all, but other people here seemed to know you on YouTube so I looked it up. Your girlfriend and you seem to be a wholesome couple and I'm happy to witness what seems to be true love, hope you live a nice life together !
Ha! Awesome.
Omg someone send a pic of Chloe to WeRateDogs on twitter. Definitely 14/10 material
r/mademesmile
Dude it's on him, live it up!
bro I have the same coat
Chicken soup for the soul
This seems like the opposite of a problem. <3
Ah Shane! This is so cute :) I love watching yours and Hannah’s videos, they literally make my day! Hello here from Australia :)
Love you Squirmy and Grubs!!!
Just seen your youtube channel. You and your fiancee look so sweet together and it's good to see your both doing well during covid-19 quarantine.
I’m sensing a little bit of love here...🤔. Just marauded around your YouTube ch. and various posts here. You’re a f’n champion. Attitude may not be everything, but it counts a lot and you have it in spades.
Dogs are the best.  Nice looking doggo too.  Enjoy.
that's a good doggo.
Things that made you smile this week?
I thought I was on YouTube for a second 😂. Yay! So happy to see that you are on here ❤️
Major awwwwww!
How adorable! Chloe looks like a big girl. Is she mixed or another kind of pudow?
Lucky you!
[deleted]
Dogs are the best.
Cool 👍👍
That is just the sweetest dog
My friend's dog does the exact same thing and I love it!
So adorable!
Somebody loves you!
I love when you pop up on my feed!! Thanks to you (and your fiancée) for bringing some light and love into the world :)
[deleted]
Aw! Dog kisses are the best kisses! 

What ails you, my dude? You got a pretty badass rig/throne set up there! :)

Edit: nevermind! Checked out you and your fiancé! You two are dope!
Great pic!!
Shane! I was about to reprimand you for stealing someone else's adorbs photo, but it's you! Hi!
What causes this I'm curious and wanna know this kinda looks interesting and please dont spam me with dog sex guides I'm talking about the guy in the wheelchair
Hi Shane! Do you have trouble escaping her kisses? I'm picturing her chasing you around the house, and loving the mental image!
OMG! Shane! As soon as I read Chloe I thought of you guys but didn't think it would be you! That's so cool! Now we know you're on Reddit lol
Literally my first thought was wait Shane?!?!?! Love you and Hannah's channel! You guys are funny and bring light to certain situations that the average able bodied person wouldn't necessarily think of. Congrats on the engagement btw!!!
I’ve never seen this Redditor before, but noticed the recognition given in this post and decided to visit their history of posts and I have gone down a rabbit hole for the last hour of all the loving and incredibly impressive posts by his account. I finally reached the how to cuddle video and I’m not crying, you’re crying. Congrats on the engagement!
Shane!!! You're on Reddit!! I love your guys' channel. Congratulations on the engagement. Y'all are so funny and fantastic :)
I have an accessibility question, about how you’re able to use Reddit? My daughter is 7 and much too young for Reddit, but she has severe cerebral palsy and not much control over her limbs. She’s learning how to use switches with her head after several years she’s finally gaining some success.
Ooh that's a good handsome boy right there. Huh? Yeah the dog is fine too.
[removed]
[removed]
love is life
Awwwwwwww! ❤️
Hey Shane! Good job at teaching Chloe a trick!
yea, brilliant, that's true and pure dog love, mate, the best kind of love there it is, enjoy ya kisses
So adorable
This picture makes my heart happy ❤️
I can't think of anything that would be better ❤
This just made my shitty closing shift on a Monday very happy. Thank you sir
Shane and Chloe! i love seeing y’all’s pictures
At first glance I thought you had a kitty in a baby carrier  on your torso lol
This is the most beautiful thing I’ve seen all day...
You're done for now she knows how to do this
Awwww so cute
Fuck yeah!
Oh you’re that youtuber guy!
Link to YouTube channel?
So cute!!!
Good girllll Chloe
The dog is so sweet and the whole message of this photo is so incredible. I love it so much!
Grubs!
Love your channel ! ❤️
Omg I love this! Is Chloe a doodle 🤔
That's pretty swell! Thank you for sharing the pic of you and your beautiful pup!
Love those shoes! Anyone got an ID?
Oh hey I have that same camp blanket/cloak thing! It is excellent and you have good taste in blankets. And doggos. She looks like such a sweetheart!
Oh man your face is in prime licking position!
Were you on SBSK? I love that channel!!
They are her wheelchair footrests now.
Please boop the snoot for me!
Awesome, thank you
How adorable, ms Chloe loves you bunches
You guys are just a great bunch of people (Chloe too!), thanks for letting us into your lives!
Thanks I needed this today.
This is so wholesome i love it
She is cute 😍😍
This is sweet! On a side note, your shoes are sleek dude
Aww who wouldnt upvote this
Good girl Chloe!!!!
Nice.
beautiful
i could never keep my shoes that white! cute dog.
You are such an inspiration dude!  Also, sweet kicks my man.
What's the YouTube channel?
hey i know you from youtube!
Enjoy my man👍🏻
Ironically that’s enough to be National Merit.
This is why I like most dogs more than most people
I taught my black lab to give me hugs, i kneel down and he puts his front legs up over my shoulders and buries his head in my neck and it’s the best feeling in the world. Gotta love a dog all they is unconditional love. Rock on!
Today’s reminder that we don’t deserve dogs.
Thisnis beautiful. I must also commend that fence.
Puppy kisses are the best! ❤️
Hey Shane! I love your channel and thanks for being a beacon of positivity to everyone.
Awww, what a way to start a morning!
I’m not crying ... there’s an eyelash in my eye..
Hey aren't you the guy who did a few couples video and one with Chris from SBSP? Anyways hi! Glad to see you doing well!
Love it!!  So much love and happiness.  Thanks for the smile, random internet friend!
That’s at least a double aww.
Aww so sweet! Pets are the BEST!
Now that’s friggin cute.
So wholesome ♥️
AWWWWWW!!!! xoxox i love you
You’re a legend man
Hey! I know that guy!
Hey Shane! I am a huge fan! This is so cute!
I like the insulator jacket with the orange inside.
This is why I joined Reddit. Absolutely beautiful.
That's so adorable! You made my day
Is that a cape though?
May I ask what happed to get you in a wheelchair if your comfortable telling me
Great dog, you’re lucky to have each other
Anybody know what shoes he has on they’re kinda fresh
Chloe is the bestest girl!!!
Chloe is a sweetheart 💕
Hey, it's Shane and Chloe! You are doing it right if she wants to give you this many kisses. Keep up the good work, mate!
I took a hot take when I saw the guy getting licked by the dog and the dudes face and I looked down and thought,that’s a cool wheelchair,and if I could have one I would put flame paint stencils on it
Infinitely clean nose hair. What more could a guy want from a gal?
I was going to be  sooooo pissed if this wasn't you, man!  Say hi to your lady from us in AZ.
Dang those shoes look fresh
Precious
Have you ever listened to a Sirus Xm channel 95 comedy radio show called the Bonfire i bet they would love to have you on
Good girl!
I love dogs
.... did you buy old leaves off amazon tho
Nice kicks! 
I need those now.
Nice shoes
ID on the hat? Looks sweet
Good doggo!
Chloe! Such a good, smart girl! That's a best friend for life, for sure.
This is the most wholesome rap battle.
Oh my God that's so wholesome. Also this very good pup has my name
This guys shoes cost more than your rent
Love
Yes
Dogs don’t see what we see.
Love the shoes man, what make/model?
One new thing that I hope made you smile this week: Chloe's kisses getting popular on Reddit! Haha
She’s gotten so big from your first post!! I love so much that you and Hannah have this beautiful girl in your lives :)
Nice
Good problem to have
wheelchairs were invented by genetically enhanced hyper intelligent dog overlords to make our faces easier to mlem
Wonderful unexpected result!
That's just wonderful!
How did you type this post?
Aw love her name 💕
Hostas? Nice.
Your curly is an affectionate one...  mine is a cuddler.   Anyone buying a beer for his doggo?
Love your channel. Nice to see you here.
teach doggo that it's ok to get all up in your grill, doggo takes advantage.
I fuck with your shoes
Chloe’s best day ever. Look at her posture. Thats comfort and happiness, maybe even joy. She’s as lucky to have you as you are to have her. Bravo.
She’s absolutely darling.  Good girl! ☺️
I have a very important question that is crucial to the stability of the universe: did you give her kisses back? Pls say yes
I love it
I think having a pup who wants to give kisses is one of the best things in life. Kudos!
Dogs are the best!
Dude I love your (and your fiancés!) YouTube channel! Nice to see you on Reddit! Thanks for bringing awareness to wheelchair issues, legit I have encountered so many of them! So thank you so much! And your dog is legit the cutest!!!!
Got your nose!
My 90lb catahoula will straight up crawl into my lap like this!! lol he's such a cuddly goober
Good dog. 

Petting her must be like petting deep shag carpet.
Hey Shane!!!
I’m told dogs love good people extra
How cute <3
shane my king..... u and chloe........ today just got GREAT!!!
Enjoy the love! We all need some right about now!!
nice choice of shoes!
Alot of love in that picture
Go Chloe!!
Do your thing, Chloe.
This right here just goes to whoever is available
MASTER HAS GIVEN ME ACCESS TO KISSES, MUST GIVE ALL THE KISSES!!!
Sweet shoes
Such a cute dog!
Dogs are a literal God send, my good boi has gotten me through some shet. (She's a girl but it sounds weird saying good girl)
Bless your heart. Chloe is a great girl.
Shane!!!
Shane from
YouTube! I love you and hannah
You lucky so and so!
Dawwww take my heart op!
Hey I've seen you and your wife on SBSK! Cute dog. Hope you're doing well bud. Best wishes from Indiana.
A pets love is a powerful thing
Sick shoes my dude! Them are cold!
Such a good girl 😍
Dont let schnoodle see this thread !
The kissing stool!!!
Cause she can now.
❤️
❤❤❤
This post really making me say awww
Just want to say, i love your channel!  You are a great couple!
Shane, you're a goddamn champion.
Good for you, Shane...I hope you guys are all doing well...
She knows she's got a good thing going with you. 
Smart girl!
Thanks for doing it, even though public attention can be awkward.
Take car brother
You're quite the trainer!
I probably shouldn't be surprised that you're on reddit, but OMG!! :D
[Milo](https://imgur.com/gallery/rDXgRvt)  thinks Chloe’s cute 😻
This melts my heart.
If you would go full throttle with that weelchair on the wet lawn i bet you could do some sick donuts! Not so good for the lawn though...
As someone who pushes people in wheelchairs all day does tour jacket on the wheels not drive you crazy?!? (It may not even touch them in this pic it just looks like they do and I could hear it in my head)
She's marvelous.
What am I gonna do about my legs Eddy Murphy?!
That’s so cute!!!
Hey aren't you the fella from the Netflix show s*x education, it's not nice that you deleted that voice message.
Aww so heartwarming
Aww
That's so awesome! Made my day man! :)
I love seeing updates of you and Chloe!!!
Nice pic! Dogs rock. Looks like you have a great companion there.
Omg I found Shane!
Yo Shane, I recently became physically disabled and your youtube series has been a blessing for self acceptance and self worth. Thank you for being awesome! You made a big difference for me.
Awww hi shane!!! I found u thru my friend adam aka marf.  I love u guys!!!
Awhhh this is beautiful! The dog looks like one of my dogs who sadly passed year, lovely to see photos like this
Ah back on the front page again.
Know the feeling buddy. I do the same with my lab.
I'm a sugardaddy looking for a sugarbaby to spoil with $1500 weekly allowance and monthly allowance with $2500 STRICTLY DM me on WhatsApp on +1(816)656-7880 to get noticed and drop your PayPal link or Cash tag for instant payment if interested WhatsApp only...No bank details,Giftcards and Nudes just looking for an online companionship and a platonic relationship with trust and loyalty with 💯%Attention...wa.me/+1(816)656-7880...
Wholesome goodness
By far the best thing I’ve seen in quarantine:’)
This...this is heartwarming.
/r/peoplefuckingdying
Omg Shane!!!!!! I love you and Hannah and Chloe!!! You are THE BEST!!!!
Hi Shane!! Cool to see you here :-)
This is the content I come to Reddit for.
It’s Shane! Love y’all, man!
SHANE?! I love your channel!
Hey Shane! Love your channel. Just wanted to stop by and say you are the MAN. THE MAN
Can I give you kisses?
Hi Shane! Chloe’s looking lovely as usual.
Didn't expect to see Shane on Reddit
Too cute Shane...the dog of course. \*runs\*
Shane! Fancy seeing you here!
SHANE! 
I follow you in YouTube after I read your book! Love your humor in it, btw!
I, too, live in the Minneapolis area, and I hope I bump into the both of you & grab drinks!!!
Ha! I just fangirled so hardcore. No clue you were on Reddit! What a super sweet pic of you and Chloe!
I went to school with your brother! Hope you all are doing well! It’s a small world!
Hheeeeyyyyyy!!!!!! You and Hannah are the best!
So lovely to see 'Ol Grubs on my feed. Love you guys! Looking forward to the Laughing At My Nightmare virtual 5K!
Shane, is that you? How cute
Yooo what’s up Shane. Much wholesome post
Chloe's a great kid!
Adorable!!
Man.. dog kisses whenever you want, 24/7. You're one lucky dude!
Nice shoes man
I am crying in the club
Dope shoes! I’ve got them too and love the look. Samba life!!
That is just so cute... My heart
Heeeeyyyy I love this couple!
Shane!!! I am a fellow lifelong wheelchair user and huge fan of you!! I’m so glad you Reddit!!! I love you and your fiancé!!
Aw it's cute! She loves you!
Relieved this isn’t a Sr. Graffo post...
Cute dog !
Hey yall! Great to see you on Reddit. I absolutely love your YouTube videos.
I saw your post a while ago when you posted with your doggo going for a walk together and u/schnoodledoodledoo made an amazing adorable poem.

Then I started getting into your channel on YouTube and it's just fantastic! I went into a YouTube spiral of interabled YouTube couple videos and the folks are simply fantastic.

Thanks so much for being a super wholesome human, y'all are so fantastic :)

And also your doggo is amazing
I love his story. And I love him. Congrats.
She’s a sweetie:) Your fortunate to have each other to love. Dogs are the best peoples;)
Serious question (are they allowed here?): Does she help you out like an assistant dog, or does she just provide endless love?
Is that a menchie shirt ??
Adorable, my brother has a service dog and she does this lovely thing where she screams when he leaves the house without her. Service dogs naysh unite!
Hi Shane
Cute dog! I like your shoes too
You need to give some cuddles in exchange for those kisses!
Beautiful!
it’s possible
Hi Shane and Hannah! I love your videos!
Adorbs
This is so wholesome oml
Side note, nice shoes!
I admittedly do not keep up with your youtube channel, I'll go for months without watching and then binge everything in a day - so it was very nice to randomly see you on reddit! Hope you and Hannah and Chloe are doing well :)
What a good girl!
Hi Shane - can you please post a link to your channel (I assume it's youtube?).  I'd love to check it out.  Thanks!
Awwwww Chloe!!!
Earned a sub, you might not read this but keep it up man. Heres a beer from texas.
Ah ha! Easier access for kisses! You fell for her devious plot! Muah ha ha!
Standard poodles and doodles are awesome.
What kind of dog
I see this as an absolute win
Is it possible to die from love, come back.. type this and die again? I did.
I dig your shoes! Serious question though, how long on average do a pair of shoes last for you?
Lucky
Dogs are the best.
This is one wholesome comments section
Fresh kicks, bro
Congrats, now you're going to be permanently soggy faced, lol! Thx for sharing.
I didn't know you were on reddit!
Good doggo. And what you have there is the opposite of a problem. Enjoy all the kisses!
Sounds perfect!!
Wow fantastic
Chloe is a good pup. Nice work!
Hey, you're Shane Burcaw! From one Shane to another, gotta say, I love your book and YouTube channel. Keep making stuff, I love it all!
Ah! Shane! You and Chloe are now my Monday Made Me Smile. I live with disabilities and have always found comfort in you & Hannah, Cole & Charisma, and Jessica & Claudia Kellgren-Fozard. Thank you for giving me plenty of binge watching material while in quarantine!
Ayy nice kicks man. I have the same ones!
Nothing wrong with that!
Nice dog
She’s trying to eat you because she thinks you’re a vegetable
She looooves you!
Anyone else see that guy bending over with the blue jacket and brown pants?
Hearmelting!!!
God love you, brother
Awww thats so cute
Shane. You are one hell of a special guy brother. Love your channel. All the power and luck my brother.
So cute!
Looks like linus
Hey guys! Love your videos! We're in your neck of the woods and planning our wedding too. You guys are awesome and have the same kind of sense of humor my fiance and I have. My fiance also has the same love for beer as you do 🤣
Oh god
SHANE YOU’RE ON MY REDDIT!
Hey it’s Squirmy! Or Grubbs. Who knows which one is which?
Im jealous of the sweet dog and your shoes r cooler than mine, love the gum soles :D
Sick Adidas. Your dog is pretty cool, too.
This wouldn’t get upvotes if it wasn’t Shane.
It's over Shane, she has the high ground!
Awww, what a swett doggo
Cute (つ≧▽≦)つ
Problem? Naah.
That’s pretty good vibes right there.
Holy cow! I knew it was you instantly! What's up Shane and Hannah!
The best!
r/SweetBoisAteMyFace
I love them too
Hey Shane 

That’s all I have 

Have a good day
so lovely...
Ok now thats just adorable
So cute Shane!
Hey is this the guy from the YouTube channel™?

I really love YouTube Channel™!

Has anyone else mentioned this guys YouTube Channel™??
[removed]
Aww so sweet! 😍
That is true love. Really beautiful!
Adorable.
Awe Shane!
I'm just trying to figure out if it's Squirmy, or Grubs who posted this? 🤔
Ill never understand why people like dog kisses on the face. It’s so nasty!
[deleted]
You might as well be rimming your dog.
TIL everyone knows and loves a guy I went to high school with in a small town. 🤯 
Beautiful picture Shane!
What are you doing stephuman
[deleted]
I love this. You and Chloe rock!
Dank content
[removed]
Aren't you that dude with that bangin' hot wife? Hell yeah, brother.
[removed]
Oh is that a hot dog cart
I bet that dog eats his turds
*wHy ThE fUcK iS tHeRe A fUcKiNg ShEeP iN yOuR bAcKyArD?!?!*
Is this the dude with the ridiculously hot wife
Boohoo, sub stories and pity posts. As bad as people posting babies here...
Does his wife actually have sex with him? How does that even work
It looks Dumb LOL
[removed]
[removed]
Lucky dogs can eat vegetables


I'm going to hell
[removed]
Yo this that dude with the hot wife on the YouTube.
[removed]
[deleted]
Smelly person
[removed]
u/Thiccpepe69
[removed]
