I totally agree with her, that's funny af
Definitely r/animalsbeingderps material, what a silly girl.
Lol what a goofball
This has to be one of the cutest things I’ve ever seen
Cats are in this weird spot between being the wisest of all creatures whilst simultaneously being completely aloof. It’s as if they’re completely aware of their surroundings at all times - but don’t understand any of it. This is why I think they might be aliens
probably feels/looks similar to playing with a small mouse
this is what Metro Station was singing about in their 2007 hit single, "Shake It".
'lol cherry go dinga-linga-linga-ling'
Jojo, are you going to eat that cherry?
/r/whatswrongwithyourcat
Your cat knows how to live her best life. So adorable.
She has literally the most feminine feline face I have ever seen. Not an insult either! I've just never seen a cat that looks so...feminine. She's a very pretty cat.
This is adorable and I want one!
rero rero rero rero rero rero  rero rero rero rero
When she pauses and looks at the camera, what a beauty 😍♥️
We had a cat who played with fresh jalapeños. He would leave all other vegetables alone, but would jump on the counter (only time he’d do that too because we don’t allow cats on the counters) and steal the jalapeños. I would find them all over the house. 

Damn I miss that cat.
Quality control. "OK, this one checks out."
Kakyoin's soul animal
OP's account has posted literally nothing but porn for 3 years and then posts an image with a coke bottle directly in frame and it reaches the top of r/all.
Lol. I love her
Rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero
How funny!
Got a mouse by the tail, well sort of.
The way she stops in the middle like she's been caught
Rerurerurerurerurerureru
Leruleruleruleru...
rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero
Rero rero rero rero
RERO RERO RERO RERO RERO RERO RERO RERO RERO RERO RERO RERO RERO RERO RERO RERO RERO RERO
K-kakyoin!
KAKYOIN
u/vredditdownloader
So did she manage to tie the stem into a knot?
Catkyoin
She's trying to do a JOJO reference.
Rerorerorerorerorerorerorerorerorerorero
LEROLEROLEROLEROLEROLERO
Rero Rero rero
So sweet 😻
I don’t like cherries but I would buy them just for her.
It's the look of intense focus and concentration on the cat's face that does it for me

what a spectacular creature
Thanks for the reminder. I've got some cold, clean, perfectly ripe Rainiers in the fridge. Cute, clever kitty, too.
I love that.   Ive never seen a cat play like that with fruit.  Its like its ringing a bell or something.
# Bonk
Rerorerorero rerorerorerorero...... RERORERORERORERO
reroreroreror
Rerorerorerorero
It's a cat version of kakyoin
So adorable.
Who leaves so little coke in the bottle? Come on, just finish it.

Cute cat, though.
This cat looks more like Taylor Swift than Taylor Swift looked in Cats.
Cats are weird.

I love cats.
Meowella cherries
That's me after a shower
not gonna lie I do to

yes

I do that

shut up
Aww
Why does she look so elegant while doing it 🦊🥺
Keep your eyes on the cherry. That’s right. Back and forth. Feel your eyelids getting heavy. You’re sinking deeper. Deeper.
Quality control. Just make sure it is still fresh enough to eat.
I bet she is a hoot with the Christmas tree balls
Aww, she's cute!

Ours do it with cucumber and potato peels when they get away with it. Makes for one heck of a mess...
u/vredditshare

Edit: https://gfycat.com/FlippantCleanGonolek from banned bot
Kakyoin would be proud
Kakyoin?
Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero Lerolerolerolero
Typical cat, always cherry-picking.
This is why I don’t eat food from cat people.
Oh great, now I'm craving a Cherry Coke.
Good player
I'm so proud of her, shes doing a great job
Cherries: the original biodegradable cat toy.
Your cat is broken.
Syncs up with so many good songs
New toy idea for my cat - cherry it is!
Rerorerorerorerorero
My kitty does this with radishes 😂
My germs
do cats even eat cherries? honest question
I have a dilute calico too, and she does the same thing!
*women if they woke up with a penis*
The cat be like "Ain't this ball supposed to fall off?!?"
Her ears kinda look like Yoda’s
Give him a pair of tiny fuzzy dice on a string
r/whatswrongwithyourcat
u/vredditdownloader
My dog does the same 🍒
Silly kitty cherries are for grownups lol jk she’s a cutie and funny 😻💯
I think I’d give her *one,* not the whole package. But cute.
I don’t like cats but appreciate this
I am definitely saving this for a rainy day I love it! She looks so happy and derpy. She needs her own tic toc
Rerorerorerorerorerorero
I love this kitty!
Swing
Swing batta batta
This made my 16 month old do that crazy cute hysterical laugh. Thanks for sharing!
can i  pet it
Can you blame her? Looks fun
Is this how Cherry Coke is made?
What a dork, i love her.
/u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
That’s good product placement
Call her petrarcha. She likes doing things just for fun, just like Petrarch did during the middle ages.
Having a shitty day, this made me smile. Absolutely adorable.
Love this! Thanks OP:)
She's charging them up for you. That's a flavor boost right there. You always want to wake the pit up before eating.
What a silly little kitty, just living the best life swinging cherries from its mouth.
She's trying to hypnotize you. "Watch the cherry, human. You feel an overwhelming urge to buy me tuna."
Adorable!
Silly girl. ❤
Personification or not, that cat looks really feminine
Rerorerorerorerorerorerorerorerorero
Cherries are the mousies of fruit.
One of my cats does this with strawberries! She'll rub herself and her head all over the container of strawberries when I bring them home. It's really common apparently. There's something in certain fruits that cats just absolutely go insane for.
Cute. And THAT right there is why I don't eat other people's foods specifically if they have a pet. Forget potlucks.
Where is Schnoodle Doo!?
What an adorable little derpy derp
she's so derpy. I love her
wiggly wiggly jelly!
I buy my cats soooo many mice toys. She hides them and plays with straws that she takes out of the trash... but this is adorable!
Still watching it
Ok this amount of cuteness should be illegal. Lol
I’m sitting in bed crying with laughter at this. 😆
Oh. my. god. ADORABLE!!!!
I also do this.
Entertained just by watching.
My cat eats sweet corn
That’s so cute
Purrfect wrecking fur-ball operator material right here
I’m in love with her!
My cat does something similar to this except with strawberries, except when he's done he pisses on them for some reason. Only when there's strawberries....
I’ve also got a cat, and I bought her a cat bed. But instead she sleeps next to her bed, not on
I’m very proud of this cat
the last second

“Oh nice, Ron.”
Is this her equivalent to men doing that thing where they say "hey look" and they're naked and they make their junk swing side to side
This is unreasonably cute.
secret sponsor of cherry coke
TELL YOUR CAT I LOVE HER VERY MUCH THIS IS TOO FUNNY
This is adorable
The fruit produce inspector on the job, giving the cherries a stress test. 👍😄
I had a pretty terrible day, this was amazing to see. Thank you.
Nice
Every day I wake up and watch this video
this video is mental health care
How does one pull off the regal look whilst simultaneously being silly I just can’t handle this
How cute! What a darling!
Glad she doesn't like to eat the cherries because they are toxic to cats.

https://www.aspca.org/pet-care/animal-poison-control/toxic-and-non-toxic-plants/cherry
Rero-rero-rero
“Oi! Jotaro! Will you eat that cherry? I’m starving”
I’m more concerned about that cats butthole on a food prep surface.
Catkyoin
Her face reminds me of the cat from the begining of alice in wonderland.
Kakyoin intensifies
I'm glad to know Kakyoin reincarnated as a cat
So lovely
Delcious cherry and coke.
Your cat is fucked up. I love it.
Cat what you're doing with those cherries?  
  
Haha cherry go brrrhh
Lol she’s mad. Love it
Super ultra cute.
Oh she’s so pretty!
That’s the cutest thing ever.
Cherry stems are toxic for cats. Be careful.
That's a like and a save, i love this
Too cute
I adore that derpiness
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditdownloader
She has such a uniquely beautiful face!
r/DisneyEyes
Lelolelolelolelo
Not to be sexist or anything, but that the most female looking cat I've ever seen (I really don't know why). 

Super cute :)
I used to have a girlfriend like that...
She's so cute!
Cherries are toxic to cats.  [https://www.aspca.org/pet-care/animal-poison-control/toxic-and-non-toxic-plants/cherry](https://www.aspca.org/pet-care/animal-poison-control/toxic-and-non-toxic-plants/cherry)
I would like to see a old school tattoo with a kitty and cherries !!!
Good job! she killed it for you
I have a cat who loves to play with cherries too! Not as cute as this for sure though
Turn that cherry out kitty
Mexican coke zero 👌
That’s very similar to how I try to use a Yo-yo.
Little mice...
Yeah well my cat loves to EAT (not play with) earwax.
Give her a Christmas tree ornament to play with
I really really needed this. Thank you so much for sharing!
This is the best
I have some fake fruits on the center of a table. Used to have 4 fake cherries. One by one, my cat got everyone, and i found them near her games.
I think cats are addicted to cherries
/r/whatswrongwithyourcat
Our car loves drinking strawberry milkshake.
This legitimately might be my favorite reddit post of all time
So adorable!!
This reminds me of that video of a baby elephant hurling its tiny trunk around
I want cherries now.....
Not surprised It’s why we eat lamb
u/vredditdownloader
This is more derp than aww.
Reminds me of our cat. Grapes are just bouncy balls for him. Every time we buy grapes, we’ll find a few raisin under the sofa a few days later
Your cat is weird. 😄
Can she tie the stem in a knot with her tongue?
Pistachio nuts were my cats favorite. No toys nlt even catnip ones would really interest but one pistachio on the floor is hours,  days, weeks, of entertainment
https://youtu.be/F-fluUQApO8
My cat does this exact head bobble (minus the cherry) when we reach to pet her! So cute :)
My ding-a-ling, my ding-a-ling,

I really want to play with my ding-a-ling.
She’s so cute. I can’t stop watching
This made me smile. Thanks.
Looks like a setup for homemade cherry coke.
Shouldn't feed your kitty, coke.... But.. Dr. Pepper... That'd be okay.
can someone please make a zoomed in/cropped gif of this cats hilarious face?
Inverted moogle.
Rerorerorerorerorero
The cherry emoji looks like balls with a stem
OMG, the funniest cat ever!
Shes got such beautiful eyes and what a fun kitty.
beautiful
Is this a Jojo reference?
Heh. I like doing that with cherries too. Am I a cat :P
She's into the ball face smacking kink i see :P
I laughed soo hard... While listening to 'Don't trust me' by 3OH!3 so I laughed harder.
Rerorerorerorero
<3
u/vredditdownloader
Rerorero
I LOVE HER!!!
You can take the cat out of the jungle but you can't take the jungle out of the cat
That is so freaking cute!
What a goofball, I love her
Thanks for sharing!
She knows what she wants
I want to play with her
She has like the most cat eyes ever
Dingleberry.
Legacy of kakyoin
That is so daft! I love it. My cat loves to play with conkers. We've got old wooden floors in most of the house and he loves to smash them around the place. He seems to really like the noise it makes too.
Not just this cat. I do sometimes like it
Probably just high energy after all that coke
u/vredditdownloader
Cats are weird as heck
Just like how my girlfriend does nothing but play with my emotions.
[u/vredditdownloader](https://www.reddit.com/u/vredditdownloader/)
/u/vredditdownloader
Nice Cherry Coke commercial.
She looks like a 90's animatronic
Rerorerorerorero
she's trying to hipnotize you. Hooman at the counts of three you opens can of tuna
Yo
that's my girl..
she looks totally bored
Rero Rero
At maximum I do a puff out of my nose while on reddit... I just full on cackled
Made me smile
Catyoin : lero lero lero lero lero
Hahaha I love your broken kitty
I think she just wants a weighted mouse toy that she can throw around by the tail. My cat’s favorite toy is a little mouse. She bats it around and chases it
/u/whynotzoidbrony
A Night at the Roxbury cat edition.
RERO RERO RERO
Kakyoin
Remember this why you can’t eat at everyone’s house
Swing swong
You can lead a cat to water, but you can’t make em walk through the door. 

So. Cute.
She is precious, and probably also full of energy after downing that whole liter of coke!
she’s a fuckin weirdo. I love her
r/WhatsWrongWithYourCat
Rerorerorerorero
This cat looks so much like mine! For a moment there I was confused. https://imgur.com/a/WvuuEAo
U/vredditdownloader
u/vredditshare
Rerorerorerorero
This weirdly reminds me of my childhood
u/vredditdownloader
Your cat is a future Kakyoin in the making.
And now I have to eat rotten waste vegetables
So this is what kitty rave looks like
Wholesome content everyone needs :3
Funny girl.  She is enjoying herself
This might be one of the most adorable things I've ever seen.
What a goof...
Omg that’s so adorable
u/vredditdownloader
Aww so cute
At $8 a pound in my market,  that's a pretty pricey plaything.
She's funny. Such pretty colors. I think I'll buy some cherries next time I see some just to see what my girls do! That's awesome
Noriaki Catyoin
Rerorerorerorero
Katkyoin
u/VredditDownloader
u/vredditshare
So adorable lol couldn’t stop watching
*Fun to play with, not to eat*
That's not so different from the other regions?
Perhaps this is like kettle bell training for her. Building up her neck muscles ! Start with one cherry, add more as she gets stronger.
Kakyoin?
Mamati deeba dai malko we
Aww
Best toy for cat is empty boxes. They can play boxes for hours and hours at a time.
Aww
[My food is problematic](https://youtu.be/oV7CVKiUJ84)
That’s hilarious! I love how unpredictable cats are! 😻🍒🤣🤣🤣
Kakyoin?
She’s doing a ritual. Be careful she’s taking over your house
The derpiest of the derps, I love her.  She is wonderful.
First scene in a training montage for Nunchuk Cat!
Cat 🐈
When your social life isn't great but you still need something in your face
/u/vredditdownloader
Goofy girl!
Kakyoin want to know your location*
I keep waiting dor her to eat it, and it never comes...
Give her a mouse.
Tetherball 2.0
I accidentally snorted my coffee laughing at this.... hilarious!
That is just about the derpiest thing ever and I love it.
Can I rent this cat? Or some sort of CatCam?
Nice bro
Rerorerorerorerorero
Goofball cat!
You are getting very very sleepy.....when I snap my fingers 3 times you will go to the kitchen and bring me some fresh tuna.....
If only that’s how I treated play-doh as a kid
Kak(cat)yoin
It’s just a funny little red mouse! Tail feels weird so I’d rather not bite into the flesh!
Lol that looks fun!!
Katyoin
Are you trying to make your own cherry coke?
Ngl... That looks like fun
I gotta try this later
Awwwh so Adorable ❤
This just brought such pure, innocent joy into my life, again.
Thank you so much for sharing your silly little kittle🥰



={^ •.•^ }= ***Someone please make this masterpiece of life into a .gif !?
-Rero rero intensifies-
That cat knows what she wants. That's awesome! We have our cat, Jasper. He LOVES to play with Icecubes. Every time we put our hand in the ice box he comes running and we play fetch with the ice cube until it melts. He has many other weird qualities.
It must be nice to have a cat :')
This is super cute and funny but you shouldn’t let your cat take food directly out of the container. That’s a way to develop some really unwanted habits down the line. Maybe find a toy that is similar in form to a cherry your kitty can swing around. Or at least set one cherry aside from the box.
Does she play wit balls like dat?
"Reo reo reo reo reo reo"
Awww those kitty cat eyes!
Crazy 🐱 lol
this is absolutely one of my favorite cat gifs in history
I think  cat overdosed on drinking
You should make her a toy one! You could sew a strand of felt to a red ball, or a bell. Only problem is getting the weight right...
Lol little derp
She just gets off on physics
That is one of the cutest things I've ever seen.
Atleast  i'm not the only one
I have a sudden urge for cherry coke
that’s so cute!
This seems like a jojo reference
u/vredditdownloader
We have one like this as well, except his favorite thing to do with it is bat it around with his paws, often knocking it off the table. I’ve always wondered whether the general shape of cherries triggers something in their brains because the stem gives it the appearance of a small rodent with a tail.
This is the most feminine looking cat I have ever seen
Almost had a heart attack for a sec...
Kakayoin
Cute babeee🤗
Kakyoin?
Aww she’s so pretty too!
Aww. Coca Cola the drink of cute cats
Her face!! ❤️❤️❤️😻😻😻😻😻
Your cat is a delightful weirdo. I love her.
Kakyoins cat
Girls if they woke up a dude
What a goofball!
Watch out. He tryna hypnotize to ass.
Is that Kakyoins cat?
Give this baby two big kisses from me
/r/whatswrongwithyourcat
Licklicklicklicklick
Same
This would be great on r/whatswrongwithyourcat
Kakyoin?
*derp look at me , im a human , look at me eat my stupid human food*
Looks like she is trying to eat the stem, since it resembles grass. Cats eat grass for their digestive health.
/u/vredditdownloader
Made my whole day lol
TIL I have the mentality of this cat
OMG! That. Is. Hilarious! Literally LOL'd
Look! Flamingoes in flight!
Cherry cat cheherry cat whaaat are they feeding you
Cat: “I am a mighty warrior.”
That so funny 😁
I love this.
"Right.  This one's used up.  Time for another one"
We need more of her videos
Im actually eating cherries at this moment
*rero rero rero rero rero rero*
Probably feels like a mouse corpse being held by it's tail.  Seriously.
Best thing I’ve seen today thus far
My cat too! He always has to snag one and run off with it!
Weirdo...
/r/AnimalsBeingDerps
weird question: are you from Sud América?
Love that product placement too, should sell this to coke.
She does it because she knows it makes you laugh 🥰🥰
Now superimpose BAWITDABAH in the background
r/AnimalsBeingDerps ?
She is absolutely beautiful op.
My cat plays with blueberries all the time! What is it with cats and fruit?
Rerorerorerorerorerorero
A Coke with a black lid? Cute cat.
Cats are weird
Haha cute
Kayoin, are you seeing this?
"Lick lick lick lick"
"i like cherries!!"  -that prisoner in super jail
Mine just wants to lick the condensation, similar coloring https://imgur.com/cVBfJpO.jpg
The Time when Kakyoin Reincarnated as a cat
I whip my "cher" back and forth~

I whip my "cher" back and forth~
derp
"Rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero"
/u/vredditshare
I love her ❤
Aww!
r/WhatsWrongWithYourCat
That is some nice ripe cherries ❤️
Are you making cherry coke? ...I’ll see myself out 😅
She tryna hypnotize you
She. Is. Precious.
She looks angry
Why is there only 2 ounces of liquid in that two liter bottle? I don't know why it is bothering me either.
Reroreroreroreorero
Oh my god. Those last three swings really top off the adorable perfectly
Her face!
Silliest Kitten ever.
Cherry cola!
How can I download this?
Anything is toy.
How Cherry Coke is made...
Awwww cute!
Cat went rerorerorerorero-
It's you kakyoin
Precious
Reroreroreroreoreo
u/vredditdownloader
Herman’s not bring politics into this
A i r p l a n e  E a r s
Argentino?
I'll find grapes all over the house, slightly mushy. I'll hear something, then see a grape roll past the hallway...seconds later, there she is scrrrrreeeeech, into the grape.
This is so precious!
My cat will do that at times too, he also goes after the stem on strawberries lol
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Omg sooo sweet!
My very first cat loved playing with Marshmallows! I miss my girl sometimes ;(
Wait.. Is this some next level Coke Cherry commercial?
The most cat eye cat eye I have seen
That’s a cute fucking gremlin.
Need to make her a self tea-bagging toy
Kinda hard to appreciate this when youre doin a poop and its struggling to come out. Im not saying I'm doing that right now.
I love her.
Awwwww
That looks like a lot more fun than I would have thought. Adding cherries to the grocery list.
I wonder if it feels like swinging a mouse around by its tail.
Human: awww she likes to swing them around

Cat: DIE DIE DIE DIE
Cats are so weird lmao
Dude I want to pet her
Enjoys playing with cherries but loves drinking Coke! 😆
Mood
Kakyoin cat
That's one of the most beautiful cats I've ever seen. OP, is she a particular breed?
"LOOk aT Me hUmOn, I'm A CloCk! DERP DERP DERP DERP"
That’s how cherry coke is made
Our kitty is that way with carrots! She will find a bag of carrots in our grocery haul and chew the bag until we give her one!
Stand Master: *Cat*            
Stand name: [C H E R R Y]
That is so cute. Why cherries specifically?
My cat does exact the same thing with hair ties! So cute 🥰.
Your cat looks a lot like mine! Does yours have a tail?
What a funny little dude.
haha what an oddball
lmao
Pip tease!
Kakyoyin be like rerorerorerorerorerorerorero
Kakyoin vibes
Khajiit has wares if you have coin.
I’m disappointed by the lack of JoJo references on this post
Anyone else wonder for a sec what "not eat cherries " are? Just me?
Cats are such goofy and mysterious creatures.
all fun and games until there are cherry stains everywhere, and they dont go away easily
I think this is the most charming thing I've ever seen.
Rerorerorerorerorerorerorero
I love bitchin with these small fat purple mice
Wow I love her
rerorerorerorerorerorerorerorerorerorerorerorerorerorerorerorerorerorerorerorerorero
Kakyoin cat

Kakyoin cat
*reroing intensifies*
*rerorerorerorerorerorero*
🤣
Pretty cat
So cute😍😍😍
Isn’t cherry pits poisonous for animals
I love her
Rerorerorerorero
Kakyoin?
Jeezus christine

My wife just brought home two four week  old kittens, against my better judgment. I was completely averse beforehand and, lo and behold, I am now in complete love with 2 kittens that will not leave me the fuck alone. I couldn't be happier.  Love your video.

XXXX

*sorry, I forgot to include the word "kittens" as the direct object of that sentence. So, I miserably had to fix it.
_rero rero rero_
This is the most feminine cat I've ever seen.
She has hate from the right side!
This is the cutest thing I’ve seen all year
That is cute
So long as the cherries like it and aren't left in a homeless shelter.
Animals are crazy
beautiful
OH my god you have the grown up version of my cat
catkyoin
catkoin
Rerorerorerero 🍒
Kakyoin's cat
Haha cutie!
Rero rero rero rero rero rero rero...
Nope cherries are too expensive for this. She's a  Pretty baby though
Rerorero
Cherry picker.
Kakyoin vibes...
My cats do this tooooo. So cute. And annoying.
* puberty flashback *
Like my balls in hot weather
Kakyoin would approve
Drake & Josh Clackers episode be like
OMG, adorable ❤️
Calicos are just universally weird.
Hahaha goofy
Kakyoin would be proud
Rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero
RERORERORERORERORERORERORERORERO
Hahaha, that's so cute. I'm imagining the first time she discovered this is fun, and since then everytime you bring them out she's like OH YAY THE FUN FRUITS!
I could watch this all day 😍
She looks so poised and elegant while doing so
Ha who needs to spend money on pet toys when you can just give em a cherry
Kakyoin cat Kakyoin cat
My old roommates cat used to catch mice and bring them inside and do this with their tail. Just for fun. Cats are crazy 🤪
That better be cherry coke
/u/vredditshare
Lelolelolelolelolelolelolelolelolelolelolelolelolelolelo
What an adorable goofball!
Adorable.
This is the way
I have spoken.
LERU LERU LERU LERU
She’s pretending it’s a mouse!
Aww too funny!
Seeing this made me think this might be what having testicles is like
Awwwwwww... soooooo adorable!!😊👍🏾❤️🐈
I've seen one of my cats do the same thing haha!
She’s lovely. I’d love a cat.
Work addiction and not being assholes.
Kakyoin cat
Cutie :))
Leru leru leru...
I love her so much
This is the greatest thing I’ve seen all week
KAKYOIN, HAVE YOU TURNED INTO A CAT?
Rerorerorererorerorerorero
Kakyoin , are you a cat now? This must be the work of an enemy stand!
16 seconds and I forgot all the current bullshit in America. Thank you.
rerorerorerorero
silly time :3
Anime character in the making
The Grizzles are moving to Nashville.
This has made my day ❤️
That did in fact make me go "aww" :D
\>-<
u/vredditshare
Prolly feels like flingin a mouse around a bit. I gettit.
“What did you do to make that other one ring?!?”
Cute.
Rerorerorerorero
I had a cat who did this! He’d take all the cherries out of the bowl and then eat the paper towel they sat on. It was so funny, but I never got it on video (it was before smart phones).
Cats are truly amazing.
Awww
Rerorerorero
- Katkyoin
I can't stop watching..her face is so precious!
RERORERORERORERORERORERORERO
I could watch this for hours
This is the best thing I’ve ever seen
She looks asian.
I’m getting Kakyoin vibes here
This is the best thing I have seen all week. Thank you!
Swing the mousie by the tail.
Is this behavior linked to the predator/reward instinct? 

Shaking a mouse etc?
“You’re feeling sleepy..”
One of mine dies this with any toy with a tail. She goes back and forth until she gets a spin on it
RERORERORERORERORERO-
Kakyoin?
My grandma used to have a cat that would do this with peppermint candies
This means that she has an overdose of vitamins =))
u/vredditdownloader
I've watched this 4 times <3
u/vredditshare
rero rero rero rero rero
She might be pretending it is a mouse. Lol
I like the pause like: "you think this is funny Steve? Mind your own business"
Rubber Soul approves



rerorerorerorerorerorerorerorero
My cat does this with necklaces. I always assumed it got stuck in her little babycorn teeth and she’s trying to get it out.
Cats are weird.
this is why I come here!
KAKYOIN?
We need a r/whatswrongwithyourcat subreddit.  Ha, ha. Joke's on me. There IS a subreddit with that title AND you have already cross-posted there! Welp, adding another one to my list of subreddits.
Maybe she's just trying to get the stem off? Like shaking a tree to get the apple to fall. Or kitty is just being silly :P either works.
lerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolerolero
This is the best thing I've ever seen, and I've seen, like, three things.
My cat does the same thing!  She loves just holding it in her mouth by the stem and letting it bounc around when she walks.
Favourite video of the week. The look in the end is just hilarious!
I’ve never really thought cats were cute, but this cat is beautiful, and seems like she has a great personality
Boiiiinnnnnngggg
Cutie!
Wow that kitty has been in quarantine too long!
What a pretty girl
