That’s absolutely adorable
That is an evil laugh!

(I would have done exactly the same)
That's me waiting in line at McDonalds after a long night at the pub.
That looks my dad after dinner trying to watch TV at 9pm.
That poor doggy, absolutely adorable, I hope you rewarded him for all of his patience.
A dog of focus, commitment, and sheer will.
Hahaha I'm soooo happy u rewarded his patience!!
I think I'm gonna die from a cuteness overload
New parent out to prove that they can still hang with their childless friends -10:30 pm 2 beers deep.
Aaaawwww poor sleepy boy! 😍
Often wondered if there's any other species besides humans and dogs that fight off the desire to sleep.
awwwww he looks just like my dog, what breed is he?
My dog always waits for me to go to bed. She’s 10 and will crash right next to me until I make my way to the bedroom. I’m usually the last to go to bed too so often she’s exhausted but I can’t get her to go to bed without me so I put a dog bed in every room for her.
Poor baby give him a treat and tuck him in
A purebred snoozehound!
I admire his dedication
*Marinating.

You marinaTe with a marinaDe, marinate is a verb, marinade is a noun. Cute dog though.
Mmm...steek...HUH I didnt sleep why arw you filming hooman?
Awwww
Nice. His patience was rewarded finally.
Me, trying to finish the entire bottle of wine at 2am
I don't think i ever saw a sleep deprived dog. Thank you. Now helpfully he had the best night of his life
aww nice doggie
Reminded me of [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/7o7d5t/)
But you did he get him some? I mean he did the sacrifice I hope he got rewarded, he's so lovely and cute ❤️
I want that dog hahaha
My favorite part was the witch cackle at the end
Don’t laugh at the tired doggo
Ohhhh sweet little floof!! I love him! ❤️
But the question is: did he get some of it?
Please tell me you gave him some.
Poor puppa
Lol I know that look. When my dog smells food nearly every other body function turns off except her Nose, Tail and Salivary glands.
So basically I'm very tired
Someone hold him
I’m so like your dog,
He would be terrible at a stake out
Is that me? When studying in the night?
Give him a small piece so he can sleep, it’s only fair
My dog sleeps like 10 times a day so I’ve never seen him liken this it will be 4 am and he’ll be barking his ass off
Can you pet him for me please :(
Marinading????
My heart, this precious little angel baby 😭♥️
I would like to hear about this marinade, please.
Had to upvote this when I said "aww" irl haha
If they could understand i would ask him to take a nap and would wake him up when its done. Poor doggo.
What a sweet, sleepy boy 🥰
I want to hug him
Awww poor baby wanted to be with you guys too! How sweet.
That laugh was evil. Disney villain level
Marinating?
One of my dogs refuses to sleep until the last person goes to bed. But then again, he is a very insecure dog...
He better have some motherfucker
That's more adorable than I can describe 😍
That's so adorable! XD
That looks like my little dog but sweeter. This is an adorable video
Awww poor lil muffin
Dogs are so precious. I want to adopt one so bad.
You should post this to r/animalsbeingsleepy, they would love it!
Why are you so mean to that precious little baby! Just let him sleep!
my dog does that for marshmallows xD
Please give him some.
Oh this is the sweetest thing!
Sound off or the laugh will scare you. Lol
Are you aware you’re a witch?
Well worth the wait
Cutie Pie 🥺🥺
Such vigilance deserves a piece.
Not gonna lie, I’d give him one at that point lol
Poor baby! I wanna hug him.
He had better gotten a reward for that
*sharpening knife*
 
 did he get some?
Marinade, marinating, marinades
Oh he’s so sweet 😍
"Is pass my bedtime... but foooood"
Thats a laugh of nightmares
Aww feed the damn dog and put him to bed 💜
My cat gets this dazed tired look when she misses her usual naps. It's adorable and hilarious.
Me when I'm drunk late night at McDonald's waiting for the food
Marinating* when using it as a verb it's with "t" if you talk about the dish it's "a marinade"
Poor, tired man. He better have ended up getting what he deserved
This dog is my spirit animal... I am always like this trying to stay up to shiny hunt on Pokémon
Lol
When she’s coming to stay with him
Me rn
My dogs just sleep all the time haha, they seem so energetic even though they live pretty much mostly off naps haha
Dog so stunned by the laugh
Cute dog!
Give him some, you monster!
What a sweet pup!
Hilarious!
Jjjk
My dog looks exactly like this I thought it was him
Ain't that a mood.
cute 1
Omg hahahahaha 🥰🥰🥰
What a sweet dog!
Looks like a good boi cavachon 😍
What I look like when I did not sleep all night and try to pretend that everything is ok
He deserves it
Oh yeah! The good stuff!
this is quite literally the best thing i have ever seen
How cute
I love him so much
Hope you gave him some.
Dedication +10
u/redditdownloader
The cuteness!!! What a sweet little baby ❤️
A for effort!
/u/vredditshare
OMG SLEEPY DOGGO DO THE SLEEPY HEAD
u/vredditdownloader
adorable, reminds me of my children when they tried to stay awake as toddlers.
Сооl 😊
Adorable!
GIVE HIM SOME YOU MONSTER
Snowy!
Bless his little heart, such a cutie pie
Now that’s commitment.
nice dog
We'll give him some
If I don't get this food now I may never eat again!
DID HE GET SOME?!?
u/vredditshare

edit: https://gfycat.com/ScaryVastAddax from banned bot
u/vredditdownloader
u/vredditshare
Is this a cavashon baby?!? Looks just like my love Oliver.
Me whenever I try to get a little gaming in after work.
The dogs like me. Sleepy as hell I slept at 8:30 and it's 12 now
Did he get some?
We had a cat growing up who would not leave the kitchen when a turkey was cooking.  Anything else - no problem.  Turkey was basically thanksgiving only so not a common thing but a bit of a pain when the turkey was done and everyone is working to get stuff ready to eat a big extended family meal.  Usually we would have to shut the cat up elsewhere with a little piece of turkey to get it out of the way.
Oh man, your dog looks similar to my dog Cookie. He is just so cute. Here’s a picture of my [Cookie](https://imgur.com/a/qT4qGvW)!
u/vredditdownloader
So cute
11/10 CUTE PUP 🐶
I think your dog has a problem.
That's priceless what a cutie
Aw
u/vredditdownloader
me during 8am english class
Oh, what a good boy/girl. So adorable
Aaaaaah he teepy 🥺🥺🥺🥺
Me as a child wanting to wait up to watch midnight cartoons!
 He is very tired
I needed this. Thank you!
I love that dog he looks like an old man
/u/stabbot
Aww, he's so sweet. Looks like my Cavachon. We had her up until 2 am with a bonfire last night. She's currently hiding under the couch-her favorite napping place.
Awwww
Hangry!
what a good boy
My dog just tells us to wake her up when we're done
Absoulutely adorable, so cute!
u/vredditdownloader
Pup
Awww too cute
What a trooper
JESUS CHRIST THIS IS CUTE AS FUCK!
This is my dog after a long day at the dog park
 Give him some
I bet that’s so uncomfortable, like falling asleep at church type uncomfortable
Omg that’s too adorable!   Love this!!! :)
Can relate!
How adorable.
cute
Awwww poor thing 😂♥️♥️
My dog looks exactly the same. Clonver-poodle?
Poor baby, lol. Mine do the same things, except I can talk them into falling asleep also.
But what kind of dog is that because he is sooooooooo cute and I want a herd of them on my farm.
There is some dominate Maltese in that mix.   Very stubborn little buggers.
I’ve not said “Ahww” for a long time, but this got me!
u/redditdownloader
Yeeeb
Straight out of a cartoon
u/Vredditdownloader
That’s dedication. Wha a cutie :)
Vreddit gif downloader!
u/vredditshare
/u/vredditdownloader
Cavachon's are so cute
So cute
that feeling is the worst
I just died of cuteness overload.
Sounds like my dog lmao
That is so precious, please give him a gajillion hugs for me
is that a cavachon
What a silly boy ❤️😂😂
What kind of floofer?!??
@op what breed of dog is that? Looks very similar to our rescue
NAWH what a trooper
My dog doesn't like marinade and would never consider me giving her any for that reason.
This is when I bring the dog bed into the kitchen
Too cute omg. That’s max effort right there!
Your laugh startled my dog
Sleepy dogos are so cute.
u/vRedditDownloader
Did u give him some?
u/TikTokBot
Dog need big sleep. Eyes are for peep. Poem are deep. Dog need big sleep.

oH mY gOd FrEsH sChNoOdLe!!!
Haha
Staying up late, waiting for Fry.
Oh that’s a good boy
u/vreddit_bot
u/vredditdownloader
He is too cute! How old is he? Please post more :D
Immediately, when I wanted to start MDW
u/vredditdownloader
This is so damn cute haha
My dog would go to bed at last. When the last person has gone to bed is when he sleeps otherwise he'll just be with whoever is awake whatever the time be
♥️💥♥️
I hope you gave him some.
u/VredditDownloader
That's me during home tuition.
Humgry baby
:)
My car is also a human
u/vredditdownloader
Beyond precious what a cutie pie
aww BABIE.

I would give him anything he wanted if a dog was this persistent to me
Im so tired... No im not.... yes.. no?... Maybe???
Awwww!
I laughed out loud...
Adorable little dog, what kind is he?
Soo cute
In it to win it
He deserves some with that kind of dedication
This makes me so happy! What a cutie
awww thats so cute
u/Vredditdownloader
This is how I feel today =\_= Zzzz
u/VredditDownloader
u/vredditdownloader
So cute!
This is wholesome content everyone needs. r/wholesomememes
❤️❤️❤️
Did he get any?
Marinating you mean lol
😍😘😍
Did he get some?
He better gets some
Gimme some i am already sleepy
u/vredditdownloader
Aww, what a sleepy cutie. So glad he got rewarded for it.
My puppy does this too if I am snacking late at night. She will fall asleep sitting up waiting for me to give her something.
Must. Resist. Smell. Sogood.
Whatever, that little guy is BAKED!
File under: "When you wanna party hard, but are also too old for this s#it".
he is a dog of focus, commitment, and sheer fucking will
Hard life being a doggo!! 😁
My brother used to have her.
We don’t deserve dogs
Eye goop champion
I approve of this beast
Give the dog the weedsss
Omg this is so cute
Nice
This is the cutest thing I ever saw. For real
Nothing cuter than dogs with FOMO
He is so cute 🐕
When your homie still drunk when walking home:
Why is this so darn cute
If he fell asleep, he would have mis-take
Best share some, he’s the goodest of the boys
i love him
Get that doggo a cot!!!
u/vredditdownloader
I miss my doge she used to do that too, so funny
Did he get some please?
Did you give him some, of not, boy oh boy is that dog for a treat
can you wipe his damn eyes?
Well, did he get any?
u/VredditDownloader
I love him!!!
u/vredditdownloader
I love him
You helped me figure out what breed my dog is! We are his 4th owners (not his fault- human errors). I was guessing maybe poodle and shih tzu. If I can figure out how to post his pic I'll show you his handsomeness.
That’s some determination!
The sweetest thing lmao
Awww... Food-motivated pets are so cute. Literally anything for a snack.
What a precious dog.
Drunk college me after a night out waiting for the pizza guy to show up...
Same little doggy, same.
100k upvotes POG
This is 100% the best video I’ve ever seen on Reddit!
Aaww!! Your doggie is soooo cuuuute!!! ❤️😍
Caught him slippin
i hope he gets a piece.
The force is strong in this one
 Reminds me of my cheeky beagle
Pet your dog immediately
[u/VredditDownloader](https://www.reddit.com/u/VredditDownloader/)
/u/vredditdownloader
Incredible effort to stay awake. 10/10 good boi points
/u/Vredditdownloader
Cow bad, dog good
/u/vredditshare
I just saw an internet article about that video
this is how i go to the bathroom whenever i wake up in the middle of the night to pee
What a sweetheart
What a sweetheart
I’ll see you on the front page sleepy pup
That laugh will keep him awake all night.
Remember the days when a typo in your title would get you downvoted into oblivion? 

Is reddit getting dumber or nicer?
*marinating

You marinate something in a marinade.
Omgosh so adorable. You’re a good parent.
People get so creative with the titles to milk more upvotes
He doesn't trust you to wake him up when it's ready!?
Reminds me of the time we got a new Doberman shepherd puppy and she was about 6 months old.  I have a retired seeing eye dog he was about 11.  we basically stayed up all night drinking until like 5 in the morning giving them treats and human food to get them to do tricks and learn different things.  long story short is that we probably gave them too much and they were sharing a massive crate that had a divider in the middle.  We woke up the next morning and they had both filled their sides of the crate up with shit.  Took me like 5 hours to clean everything up thoroughly it was horrendous.  with this said whatever you do never feed them after midnight lol
AAAWWWW lokat tat tiny little baby who’s a good boy who’s a good boy
It must be sleepy the light from that phone might be preventing it from sleeping

Also from how you wrote the sentence it seems like you didn't feed him any
after hearing the cackle at the end i am thankful they didn't show the remainder of this video.  pretty certain the little fella got snuffed out by the villain making the video.
I heard a witch
They know when you laugh at them “Karen”.
thats  so cute, animal torture
Marinading
Gotta let that bitch marinate!
Adorable, but marinating.
Marinade FASTER
This is exactly like me with my wife only the reward never comes :<
Are you married to Cruella de Vil or what?
You should post it to r/funny or something like that.
\*marinating

You marinate something in a marinade.
[deleted]
Poor little puppy.  Give him a bite so he can go to sleep, you monster.
Marinating*!
Hopefully you have him a piece not marinated?  Onion, garlic and salt are bad for dogs and cats. Causes anemia.
This is why you don’t give dogs human food. To dog, watching another eat/meddling is disrespectful so why do people encourage this sort of behavior? My aunt and uncle feed the dogs at the table and it drives me crazy. I’m of the mindset that animals and dogs in particular shouldn’t be anywhere near the kitchen/dinner table when people are eating or preparing food.
Nice guy pupper there
Marinating*
[deleted]
So cruel to laugh at him. He’s hungry.
ok but who asked? so random.
