Next we need a little mouse to climb on the cat and have a nap
Worked for me!
Cat and seal are one.
i would die for this cat
That cat flattened the curve adorably.
I was actually having a pretty good day, but this made it awesome.
Adorable
What a cute kitty

I get a good feel

She looks so pretty 

Sitting on that seal
Their eyes are squinted in the same way on the bottom 2 pictures! So cute.
Thats a seal plushie from a certain marine zoo thing in japan i think.
2 of my favorite animals! This made my day better:)
My name is Cat,

and wen ur sad,

or maybe if

ur day iz bad,

I cliymb onto

this water cat

I lay rite down.

We both are flat.
Me: This is important day. There are lot of things I should do.
5 mins later:
Be like water, you can assume any shape and adapt yourself accordingly
What so special about two pancakes stacked up... Kidding, they are pretty cute. \*smears them with syrup\*
THIS IS AMAZING
Why is it allowed to be reposted again and again and again so quickly.
r/airplaneears at its best
*Narrator*: It didn't.
What an absolute unit, he chomk
Thank you for sharing!!!
It has definitely made my day!!!! Thank you!!
He melted into the seal.
The white paws look like little socks.  Very cute.
So wholesome and so blursed
Chonky Seal
Yes
cool image but that cat is obese and needs help
It actually did. Thank you
Your friend reads reddit. This has come full circle.
[removed]
It does.
This cat pancakes
Thanks man. This made me smile today. And I’ve have a rough day cause my dog died this morning
Aaaawwwwww!  Such a gorgeous pic.  Thanks for posting.
I also have that pillow. I named him Bertie.
*insert the dying Asgore noises from Sr. Pelo's cartoons from witnessing how adorable these images are.*
Awwww
That's the cutest shit I've seen
Omg i want one😍
So cute! I hope you have a much better day tomorrow ❤🌻
I had a pretty shitty night last night. Seeing cute/calm stuff like this is a great way to cheer up. Hope you feel better OP!
This did make my day better and I shared it with my bf and my colleagues and now their days are better as well
SealCat is cute
Life imitates art
I love Maru!!
why all cat so cute
Yes
Really needed this, thanks...
Too cute
It did. It did make my bay better
It's like a person who's sleeping, but sleeping so well that you're concerned they may actually be dead!  Here, I'd poke the cat every now and then to make sure she doesn't evaporate!
They have the same face!
Thanks, this made my night much better! :)
Aww
We all need to be a cat lying on top of a seal sometimes. :)
Hell yea
two cute chonkeeeers!
So lovely. How can make your face look like the same :))
Yep. That did it. Day is better.
Yes it did! Thanks for posting!
I needed this
I wish I had friends that did this
😂😂
That cat be comf
Oh good a noice snack so you don't get hungry
This poor cat is gonna get arthritis and die of heart disease cause the piece of shit owners don’t care that it’s fat. “Oh haha my cats a chonk isn’t he cute?” Fuck off and maybe treat your animal with some decency and don’t let it eat so much it gets this fat
This is my [go to](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSM3x9G7eTQ). Has never failed to make people laugh.
This was stolen. Your title is a lie
What a chunk. I love him.
No it didn't, it just made me feel sorry for the obese cat. Poor thing.
Chonk^2
Who TF asked? That's right ME I TF asked !! Give me more!
This isn't yours I've literally seen this before

Not the original but it was a month ago


https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/fvg81u/this_cat_with_its_seal_cushion/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
Obese animals who suffer health issues. So funny right?
this is cute and all but fat cats are not healthy
Where does one get the fat seal?
This must be what my dog and cat feel when they lay on top of me.  As you can see the pillow already resembles me.
!remindme 16h
Like Mei laying on Totoro's belly and taking a nap
My goodness!
It does. I didn't have a bad day, but this still made it better. I'm saving it for when I do have a bad day. Thank you.
Lol it definitely did
cute 😍
I didn't know I needed this but it really helped, thanks
It did. Thank you stranger <3
That certainly seals it!
r/seals
wow cool
Holy capitals
Mood right now
A floof on a floof!!!
I just woke up, what a great way to start my day!
It does.thank you
what kind of cat is that?
I need that pillow
Pic saved!
Not even a cat fan and I love this! What a great friend!
I open reddit and this is the first thing I see. This made my night. Thank you for posting this.
My cat too has a plush seal he sleeps on.
This picture just made me a cat lady
It's so cute and fluffy
Someone has to give op a wholesome award
OP is that the Original pillow? Inward looking to buy one of these but there are SO MANY FAKES
Curled back ears!
Them ears tho 😍
wow good ears
That's a certified chonker!!!
melted kitten sploot
This needs more seal awards
Cool
I love this. Thank you
That last panel is everything! I want to squish their little cheeks!
That’s a good friend! It definitely cheered me up.
I hope your day got better.
What a great friend!💕😻😻😻
Amazing
Yes, yes it does. Fucking thank you
Omy! So cute 💌
Twins, Basil...
Cutest thing on earth 🌎
Cool and cute
Yea it did Thanks friend!
wow!! cute
so awesome 👍🏻
Which one is the plush ?
[deleted]
Is so fluffy omg
I'm hoping the cat would adapt himself to mirror any animal-themed cushion he sits on. Could be a running series.
Chonks on chonks
So cute
[deleted]
Their eyes match completely, so cute
[This is post is from r/eyebleach earlier this month](https://www.reddit.com/r/Eyebleach/comments/gcfsqz/cat_and_their_seal_pillow/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
This is such wholesome content
Made me smile thank you
cute
Привет
That cat is lowkey racist?
🤩😍😍
Cats are reminders to live our best lives.
r/chonkers
hahaha the seal looks identical to the wholesome seal of approval award
It makes it better, then worse, then a bit better.
Adorable
Ty
Omg so adorable
Need nothing but the kitty kitty on the happy floof bed.
Double loaf supreme
Yeah thanks man felt really bad today it kinda helps.
People who have bad days, I need you to tell me too so that I can do something good about it to lift you up.
Omg that's so cute  i love it
Kitty! Yay
Cute but that seal looks like it got mouldy and then stained after trying to clean it.
Yes, it has put a smile on my face and now my day is definitely better 😊
This is way better than r/realgirls
Lol
It kept sinking ❤️
Yes, it does. Thank you
So lucky of you to have a friend you can share with
1. lololol
*Looks at profile* That’s my seratonin
Awww
So lovely!
which one is more sqoosh
first world problems can be fixed just like that
I can hear the 'awww yisss' in the last frame
I imagine whoever made that pillow is selling more of them now.
Aww it's so cute! Thank you
If you don’t mind me asking why the bad day?
r/chonkyanimals
happy brother's day
I’m feeling what they feel yo....
r/chonkers is leaking
No. It doesn’t. But thanks for trying
So cute
Too cute!!
Hope it doesn’t it.
I thank you for my day was bad now it is good
Nekoconeko!
Perfect. It was legendary.
Indeed
Isnt this one of those seal plushes they sell at osaka aqurium?
I have the gray version of the seal. It's as squishy as it looks. Definitely know how the cat feels. :)
This is the cutest thing I've seen all day
Yes.   helped me feel better.  Thanks
I just ordered 2 of those chonkers on Amazon prime. The large ones (23” long) were $39.99 each. They’ll be here on Friday! 🥰
Please thank your friend
TWINS!
4 stages of happiness.
so cute!
If a friend send me that he really knows me, such a true friend
His ears are great
Yes, it does. Bad day with the eating disorder already. I'm already feeling better. Thank you.
this is so wholesome
r/blessedimages
r/MadeMeSmile
I have the same seal plush, gonna try it out with my cat now!
You must have some good friends because if I said I'm having a bad day I'd get porn links
I constantly get adds for that seal plush and I now want it even more in hopes my cats too will lay on it.
Can anyone tell me where you find these seals? I’ve found many online but all the reviews said they didn’t receive what was in the picture they got some low quality shit instead. Where can I find one that really looks like this??
This did actually make my day better after my gf broke up with me
This carries a level of blessed energy, previously unheard of.
Where can I acquire le squishy seal?
Loaf
Yeah that worked. 😊
I NEED THIS IN MY LIFE
Purfect for the seal of approval
Would make any cat lovers day better! Love it
Guys I ordered this and the cat was not included. This is a warning for anyone interested.
It does, tanks
Nope, my crush is still (probably) fucking a random greek god right now 😒
This is now my new phone wallpaper!
😍
THANKYOU
Canatee canatee plus 100
Precious! I love it!
This made me giggle quite a bit 😂
S Q U I S H
I'd come by and yeet the cat into a nearby lake and say "FIND SOMETHING ELSE TO DO THEN BRIGHTEN MY DAY!"
It very much does help my shitty day, thank you 😘
This cat is depressingly overweight
Donno if I’m the only one, I enjoy these sorts of animal things, but they never make my day better.
It didn't but I appreciate the attempt
If you’re actually having a bad day, a picture of a cat won’t make it better.
My cat just died so this makes me feel worse tbh
-_-
Not trying to be rude, but that cat looks a little overweight. How are they?
Personally looking at a morbidly obese cat isn't making me go aww.
[removed]
[deleted]
That did help, thank you
Look at that absolute unit!!! Babey!!!
I too used to send pics of cats to my girlfriend. She's my wife now.
Made me smile
“oMg whAT a cUtE cHOnk” this cat is obese and likely has major health problems or is bound to get them soon.
[deleted]
ew they both look ugly
c h O N k
No, not even a little bit. In fact it made it worse because the title had me expecting something that didnt come through.
It didn't work but thanks anyway
Le chonker days before it dies from heart disease.
Nope, didn't make my day at all
For some reason my brother started swearing at me to f off when I showed this to him. Im the older brother and he's 10...
The seal is Arare-chan from the Osaka aqauarium!
the chonk sleeps on a chonk
r/chonkers
[deleted]
Stupid cat
Upvote this please so I can get karma plz
Made my depression go NUT CRAZY YEET
Черт этот тюлень слишком милый
Ohh... My sex bag!
