For fun I used to turn my head really fast and be like "whassat?!" And my bordercollie/lab would take that so seriously and try to figure out what I heard. So cute. She was great at playing hide and seek, nothing would distract her from finding me. I always loved the super determined look she would have.

Edit: I gotta say this is my most upvoted comment on here and I'm so glad. Reading all the stories people have of their beloved fur families has made me happy today.
What a smart pup to pick up on the human body signals! I love his derpy face at the end.
Firstly, this is the cutest thing I’ve seen all week. Secondly, that Blue Jays hat is awesome
“What we looking at? OMG something happened THERE?”
r/13or30
Tom Holland with a mustache
My parents had a Chow-Chow who was easily fooled by this.  He'd go nuts thinking there was a stranger at the door.
Squirrel?!
Watching for that moustache flying off his top lip
What a cutie!! I soo wanna meet him🥰
Is that a saint Bernard-golden retriever mix?
This is sterling- lifeofsterlingnewton on Instagram
ahh his head is so big and smooshable (the dog...I'm talking about the dog).
Coevolution. Humans and dogs are born ready to bond and work together. It's why most dogs and babies take to each other so easily and how that connection only gets stronger the more time they spend together.  This is the product of thousands of years of our species living and working together.
Squirrel?
What is it? What does your elf eyes see?
Cue family matters theme song
He's both older bro and little bro
Hekkin good boy.
My favorite part of this is when his jowlies get snagged on his little toofers .
I don't know this guy or his dog, but I suddenly wanna be both their friends
that mustache needs to go
This will be the first thing I will train my future doggy to do.
Tom Holland's older brother with the spider sense.
Nice. Thought it was Tom Holland with a moustache for a second, lol.
Trying this today
Both cute as hell
It's Sterling! I Follow this pup on instagram
SQUIRREL!!
I love communicating with dogs. You don't have to speak the same language as long as you understand each other's body language. I could do this with my old guy Duncan. He also knew how to get home from any point in the woods near my house. Even when it snowed and I forgot the path, he would lead us back out. I miss that guy ❤️
SQUIRREL!
They're a pack!
What the fuck, you look like Charles Leclerc
For the love of God, somebody shave that dude's mustache.
Pack behavior <3
Every time he close his mouth like “where is it???”
That dog boofs for sure
Where the heck u looking, older bro!!
My doggin's do that too....and they get all excited when I say "They're here!", or "whozat?"
Squirrel.
A good dog's always got your back!
This made my day sir. Thank you.
this golden has the prettiest head shape, blockier and reminds me of a labrador.
*tf2 sentry lock-on sounds*
I need to get off my ass and go adopt a dog.
I love how Reddit shits on Tik Tok and it's users and then fucking licks the balls of videos that originate from Tik Tok.
I started doing this with my pup recently. It's interesting how she'll go from playful or sleepy to alert and cautious.
Hahaha too funny
Just tried this with my cat. He yawned and went to sleep.
OMG! I love that sweet pupper ♥️
He's got your back, best dog ever.
Man, I miss my golden. Such great dogs.
My dog does this and I love it.  Probably pack instincts.  When one senses danger or prey, the rest see it and look.
I try this with my cat. unsuccessful
D'AWWWW HE'S SUCH A GOOD BOY YES HE IS
Omg, this is so adorable! I have small dogs, I don’t think they did that 😀
Taking our old german shepard fishing with us, anytime you moved for your rod she would jump up and get real excited thing you had a fish on the end.
What kind of dog is that? So cute!
I'm bad with ages. Is this human 12 or 45?
This cheered up my day!
[deleted]
Awwwww😍
I could watch this over and over lol
Hahaha precious!!! 🥰🥰
This is more of r/NatureisDope because it’s a companion recognizing there could be potential danger  and following the direction of the owners perceived threat.
I too, turned my head
I could watch this for a whole day! What a good and attentive boy!
SO FRICKING CUTE!!!!! CUTENESSES OVERLOAD
The Jays!!
This is the best thing that I’ll see all day! Thank you!
Aww. What breed is he? Is he a golden retriever crossed with something? He’s so cute :)
Made you look!
May I give a tight hug to the little bro?!
This is the video I needed today.
That's fucking cute
Now thats a bond! Must be the killer stache
That is a team.
"The f*** was that?" 😅
*Boof*
LLLLOOOOVVVVEEE
Blue Steel training.
Cute
Cuuuuute. Dog is cool too
How does your bro look 30 and 13 at the same time
Pretty sure I've bought weed from this guy and his dog.
Is this a golden? His snout seems a little shorter than ones I’ve seen
Glad it’s not tic tok
I love that this human can look 14 and 36 at the same time
Anyone else feel like the dude in this video could be 16 or 40
It’s a pack response.
It doesn’t get better then dogs
I love this dog. I hope the dog knows this somehow.

I love this dog.
Awww. I have a golden (female) and she does the same thing.
I like how the dog makes that face when he turns his  head
This dude looks like Sammy Girard’s little brother or something
Bro could be 12 or 30...not sure.
That’s my fav jays hate I own.
Dogs are what life is all about.
Good boi
What kind of dog is this?
My golden used to do the same. That way dog and I was his Hooman. RIP Coach
That lip though.
energy equivalent of boy-who-cried-wolf.
This... this is good
Tbf, if my friends suddenly turned their head, I'd follow too. Am I the dog now?
“Squirrel!”
What kind of amazing pupper is this? Golden Lab?
What is it boss?
13 or 30
Hahaha that's so cool love it
Does anyone know what the golden retriever is crossed with?  Perhaps a Bernard?  I absolutely love big goldens.
So cute lol
That pup is on high alert when his buddy turns! Like, “Squirrel?! Where?” Truly a trusted member of the lack. Super cute!
This right here has made my day!
My cat does the same LOL
My pittbull freaks out when I say “Someone’s here”
This is called joint attention. Something used to diagnose some cases of autism.
OMG you don’t know how many times I repeated this video XD
Random: I'm gonna guess hes from the Midwest considering it looks like he's saying, "Ope!" Everytime he turns his head lol
This guy reminds me of Paul McCartney and I’ve no clue why
Bros? A dog and a boy? Brothers?  "Older/younger bro" seems to be suggesting they are brothers...
Which is which?
What a good pup! Alert, on guard, and ready to help or protec his best friend!
Are you Baker Mayfield’s little brother?
noble fluff
dats a good boi =]
man i love this subreddit.
‘Squirrel!’
I/vredditshare
Heckin’ good dog brotherrr
Love the "who do we need to fuck up" move
This guy looks like young Loki.
> "I am getting really sick of this, hooman.  There is never a squirrel.  I am going to put up with this bullshit five, six thousand more times, *tops*."
Squirrel!
I got you.... where are they???
Golden Retrievers are the best
Fucking BRO
Dog be like, “Where’s the fire hydrant he’s pointing at?”
Yeah that's right looks good font
Nice Jays hat!
Haha, I do this with my dogs too, but also add a huff into it for maximum alertness.
Cute dog but can we talk about why the guy looks both 18 and 40 at the same time?
Great video! Thumbs up 👍
It’s very interesting.  My in-law’s border Collie does not respond to hand points.  But he does respond to head points.
This is the cutest thing I've seen all day
Squirrel!
My dogs do this as well, I try not to do it to much though because they’ll usually go and bark at the neighbors after.
Pack leader notices something
[deleted]
*awwwwwwwwwwwww*
One of the huge evolutionary relations we have had with dogs and wolves is that they're able to follow our eyes unlike any other animal. They're also able to sense our emotions. These things make them ideal friends to people and a big reason why dogs are Mans Best Friend. We had a codependent relationship for thousands of years possibly.
Cuteee
This is a high pedigree golden retriever right here.
My GSD does this. If I hold it for longer than a few seconds she will run out and start barking juat in case.
Dog breed? Please help...
Search @lifeofsterlingnewton on Instagram they have tons of videos together
Awww, that dog is so cute! I love him!
I love how he goes from casual panting face to “shits going down” face every time.
Love how Reddit acts like they better than Tik Tok but [can’t stop ripping off the content and reposting it here. ](https://vm.tiktok.com/E2FujK/)
Interesting fact: humans have artificially selected for dog’s with the ability to gather information from us. This is significant because of how rare it is for one animal species to be able to gather information from different species. 

In studies done on species to species communication, dogs vastly out-perform other primates’ ability to take information from humans.
Jesus lord this got me so hard today. Nnnngh
I love that upper lip tucked in
Is this Tucker??? I love that dog
Wait he looks like that guy from Hannah Montana
Xd
I would do this to my dog all the time, he would think we were warding off an intruder and start barking at whatever direction I was looking.
Such a good boi.
If I did this I’d throw my neck out.
Dogs heave evolved to do this. For instance, a dog will follow a pointing finger but wolves do not.
0:13 is super cute.
What do we got boss, I’m on it!
This is great meme material right here.
Ugh, I loooove doofy face Goldens. The ones with the really round head compared to the more angular ones are my favorite. They look like forever puppies
I need more of that on my front Page
Man I want to get a dog but sadly I couldn't give it the time and attention it deserves.  Still I wonder if laying around in my house wouldn't be an improvement from sitting in a shelter
Sweet dog but that is a KILLER Blue Jays hat my friend.
He is GORGEOUS!
"Point!" He reminded me of Dug from UP.
Go Jays!
That face lmao, there needs to be an equivalent of r/scrungycats for dogs. It should be called r/Phteven in honor of the old-school overbite dog meme.

Edit: holy crap, it already exists
Thousands years of breeding to understand human gestures. Like pointing at something and the dog will look at where you are pointing instead of at your finger. Okay most dogs will do that. Some of them just adorable derps.
Too cool.
Oh man, that mustache.
[Baker Mayfield](https://media.wkyc.com/assets/WKYC/images/7b3c354d-f390-4113-b93d-dbfbd2ff5628/7b3c354d-f390-4113-b93d-dbfbd2ff5628_750x422.jpg) is that you?
Can anyone please tell me exactly what dog breed is that?
Squirrel !
Pack animals! If it gets your attention, it damn well gets my attention!
I have that same hat. I'd like one dog please to match my hat
My dog does this too
Haha that's hilarious it's part of the pack thing he thinks you see something that might be danger or interesting
So cute!!!!
SQUIRREL!
He stay ready!
That dirty stache
I loved when the doggy got in position to defend you in the backyard. Doggy was like ' damn, we got some opps on deck?! Who want the smoke?!'
Dog is normal and reacts to human making quick sudden moves.
I always feel a bit sillier when my lip gets stuck on my gum
Heckin' bamboozled.
What breed is this?
Squirrel!
Every dog does this.
Ayyy no cap that’s called ride and die, dog said “who and where!?”
What kind of dog is he??
I guard!
For a sec there, thought his mustache would fly off and then realized it's not fake.
r/13or30
I see a cop duo show coming together.
# Squirrel!
Caleb?
Loving the secret stash.
So you're telling me... none of these people are Justin Bieber?
My pit bull sometimes does this and it’s kinda funny when his spit flies everywhere but also kinda gross 😂
What’s amazing here is that the doggo knew where to look just based on where the dudes head pointed.

That’s why we have this ability to partner up with dogs. This very thing: we can point and have the dog follow our direction after comprehending what we’re needing.

Just beautiful
r/ntbdbiwdfta
That is the most gorgeous dog I’ve ever seen
„Heard you were talking shit“
Ok that is freaking adorable. They have beautiful bond!
Off-brand Baker Mayfield?
I love how dogs always manages to bring out the best in reddit.
My dog lies on the back of the couch and only pays attention to me when I pat him or give him cheese
What kind of dog is that
The dog should shave that mustache off the next time the kid turns his head like that.
Beautiful dog!
Probably afraid someone is finally coming to take those disgusting hairlip away by force
That is cute
Screw English. It's so beautiful 😂
That’s sterling newton 🥳🔥
Hooman: squirrel!
Doggo: where?!
That dog is all businesss, ready for war. Good dog
Pet the damn dog!
Dogs are one of the few animals who understand pointing
Handsome doggo
Omg what a beautiful golden
This dude looks like he could be Tom Holland’s brother.
What kind of pupper is that?
Whos that?!?  Whats that!? 
Is thst the door!? Whosat the door!?
I love that he's just a happy, empty-headed Golden, then there's sudden movement and he's all business. Dogs really are incredible companions.
That’s one nosey dog!!! 😂
Tom Holland & Orlando Bloom combined :D
Little homeboy is ready to go to battle with you at any moment.
Incredible
what? What you see boy? Show me? -- says the dog.
My favorite thing in the world is when my Golden is smiling/panting and all of a sudden gets her “serious” face on.
What a beauty.  When I get in my "about to run stance" my lab completely freezes and takes on a very serious look.  Then when I run he turns into spaz dog - and I have to worry about my safety.
“What is it boy? What did you see? Timmy fell down a well?” - doggo’s thoughts
What breed is that?
What's with dollar store Tom Holland?
Why do I want to turn my head suddenly too?
This is the level of social intelligence that makes dogs really special among animals.
Pup just reading your body language. Same reason that pup will snuggle up really close if you start crying.
Blue Jays scum
My dog does this every time I make kissing noises, because it's what I do every time we see a neighborhood cat while on a walk. (He *adores* cats, so we try to say hi to them whenever they'll let us.)
Go Jays !!!!!

(fuck me I miss baseball)
Which one is older bro; which one is little bro?
I do this when my dog has suddenly decided he has gotten tired of walking. Clearly I see something ahead that he doesn't and it motivates him to keep going.
I love the one on the lawn that goodboye is like "happy happy happy eh WHAT WHAT'S WRONG GET BEHIND ME I'LL PROTECT YOU WHO'S THERE!?"
Awww they made my heart melt when both of them turned at the same time at 0:10
Thanks for the good laugh and smile
What you see bruh!?!? What Is it why head move
Which one is little bro🤔?
r/13or30
I bunno but he sure looks like [this guy](https://imgur.com/CTS2Ds0) and that he can... Hustle for sports! 

AH! duress!
I could watch this a hundred times! 😂🤣
Just tried it with my German shepherd pup. He didn't seem very concerned but I did get my face licked.
Golden Retriever, right?
Race ?
Type of dog ?
That mustache though 👍
Wazzat?
SQUIRREL!
Thank you for a Happy Thought today!
I love the one he just turn into high alert, the instincts kicked in.
Trolling your own Good Boi.

*shakes head at antics*
That is a very good and fluffy boy.
You know that thing where dogs and owners look alike? That's this.
Well dogs are pack animals. It makes sense, you one sees danger other follow to be aware.
I used to love doing that with my rotty 😂
So freakin cuteeee
The blunder years, pup edition
Squirrel!
What a beautiful Golden!!!
You can do this with most aware dogs even if you’re not part of the pack. Just showing signs of quick awareness in another directions makes them look.

By the way, humans do it too ( at least the ones that live in more hyper social environments like cities). Smart animals are aware of their surroundings and take note of what other people spot that they don’t.
I need daggo
Lol I’m dead!
Sick on a squeaky toy and gradually press down on it and your dog will go nuts and be looking at you puzzling
STERLING!
I guess that doggo is hoping to see a quick removal of that shitty mustache?
Cute!
Is that you Mr Peanutbutter😂
Love your Blue Jays cap-yay, Toronto!! 🇨🇦
I love how he looked the wrong direction in one of them and quickly oriented himself in the right direction lol
Look at his little snaggle tooth!
I like to do this with my coworker at work. It's been 3 years and he still turns around every time
That's an instinct of all herd/pack animals btw. If one of you looks like he noticed danger then you better watch out too. Works with humans too - doesn't have to be so sudden or anything.
What a cute little guy!
  

  cute
When you make your dog think there is someone there
What's my favorite kind of ship???? A friend ship.
What a good dog
I dunno if its such a good idea to trick your dog with this so much.

Eventually, little bro may not care about whats gotten your attention so suddenly..
That mustache tho reminds me of when george michael from arrested development had one for some reason
I love doing this to my dog as well. I also slightly growl as if there might be an intruder. If I do it too many times, he stops believing me.
"Heckin' bamboozled, again! Darn it, hooman."
Used to dog sit for someone.  Every damn fart and it would be prairie doggin.   Head up, lookin both ways.  Was it instinkt?  Not sure, but I cracked up every time.
I love approaching my dog like "huh? what's that? what's that?!" and she goes in circles around the house trying to find something until she gets distracted by a toy lol
 They're both cute.
Absolutely adorable.
Nice Brother "Good"
He’s the pack litter, dog’s instinct says the pack leader detects a threat
Lol I love this so much
Our friends have a collie. He's trained to bring things to you that he knows (blanket, ball, etc). Our favourite game to keep him busy is to point vaguely and say "where is it??!! Bring it!" Without ever saying what it is. He just finds and beings random objects until you say well done!
🙂🤗🤗
This is hilarious! 🤣🤣
Nice
This is cute! The best part of my day is when my dog jumps on the bed to say good morning and he's still really sleepy so we just cuddle up and I just see him starting at with a little grin on his face
Never gonna give you up
 D 5 just let go into the wateruu the last one
That's awesome! I know my Donald, a Bichon Frise is my best friend (and shadow)!
What kind of dog is he? He looks like a golden retriever but with something else
Squirrel!
that guy looks like tom holland
I LOVE THIS PUPPER
Also known as deictic gaze 👀
Awwww
The only answer is a low level psychic link
Zoinks!
Ride or die!
Omg you are stressing that dog out! Dog be like, “danger?! Where?!”
Someone fucking a dog?  How are they brothers?
