9 weeks at that age feels like a LONG fucking time. In the UK the 6 weeks holiday between school years, felt longer then what 365 days currently feels like at 30.
That smile the mom had was pure love of her kids. This made my day. So genuine and real.
I love the dog's insistence... "Me too!"
Man, I remember what this was like...

I was about 5 when my dad came back from Operations Desert Shield/Storm in the early 1990s. His MOS (military specialty) meant he went early and stayed late so he was gone for like 18 months. As a kid, that was forever. I basically didn't have a dad anymore.

So I taught myself to ride a bike, in case he did come back he'd be proud that I learned how to be a man on my own. I used the neighbors purple bike with a white floral seat. I fell in the grass a lot before I got the hang of it. I learned how to catch and hit a baseball with my mom.

When they told me he was coming back, I didn't believe it. I'd heard it once or twice before but they got delayed for some reason. The day came and my mom wore a floral sun dress. My little brother and I were wearing Ninja Turtle t-shirts and I'm pretty sure my older sister was wearing one of those ridiculous fantasy dolphin print shirts. It was pretty fucking 90s.

The dads came back slowly and it was forever until my dad was unloading. Of course, since he was a company commander, he was one of the last to get off the transport. I've never seen my Mom sprint so fast in my life. Somehow, we caught up with her just as the hugged. The kiss they shared is imprinted in my mind some 30 years later.

He hugged us deep and, if I'm honest, I don't really remember the next few months. I just remember being deliriously happy. Dad was home. Mom didn't look so worried anymore. He was proud I learned to ride a bike but seemed upset he missed it. I was the only one of us he didn't teach.

Sorry, no idea why I felt like sharing this but I know that moment. It'll stay with them always.
Hahahaha that "why are you filming?" gesture. Priceless
[deleted]
My dogs wouldn't be that calm after 9 weeks of not seeing me. They would give the game away, barking, wagging, jumping etc. Two of them didn't even get off the seat.
This is so heartwarming.  The genuine joy on all their faces when being reunited is just incredible.

This is why we must get rid of this virus and take the advice of our medical professionals - many of whom are parents just like this brave woman - seriously.

Together we can defeat COVID-19!
Doggo got that first cuddle in!
The little sister crying got me, jesus. I can't imagine being away from your mother like that, knowing she's helping sick people but not being able to see her or hug her. I'm so happy she's home.
Are you sure those aren't her clones? In all seriousness though this is precious
Excuse me but it seems to be raining on my face
[removed]
My initial thought was, “damn I hope I look that good when I’m a mother” but then I remembered, I’m a dude.
poor pug on the couch looks even more miserable than me
MUMMY!
This is way too cute!!!! Almost got me tearing up.
Little girl wearing a fendi shirt, mommas rich!
[removed]
I just want to say that dad did an amazing job with those braids!
Could use a few more pugs in there.
[removed]
I like how she was able to sneak up with the dogs around. That wouldnt fly with my dogs - they would be bouncing around, jumping on me going crazy.
I love how the girl on the left is like "why you filming me like that" then realize the whole shenanigans and burst into emotions
This is messing me up man :'(
Wait she’s hot as hell I hope I look like her when I’m her age!!!! Omg and after two kids? We stan!! She’s beautiful
[removed]
It's sad because of less social distancing some may never see their parents once they go to the hospital
Damn she got two kids?! Looking good mama! Thank you for you and your children’s sacrifice!
I haven’t seen my wife since the beginning of April. We’re both quarantined from our kids because of covid. It’s been the worst 3 months of my life.
r/mademesmile
Even the dog is like *”Mummy!!”*
[removed]
I bet it feels good to have a family.
A hero and a ninja!
That's great! Made me pass some eyewater.
[removed]
I’m a grown adult and I have not seen my Mum, who is interstate,  in person since February. I’ll be doing exactly this when I’m able to see her for sure!!
I gotta call my Mom now
That’s a nice bamboo wall there behind them.
At first I thought the mom was a daughter
[removed]
no, those are not my tears shutup
[removed]
6 months pregnant with my first baby... bawling
[removed]
omg that flop eared frenchie
I'm not crying, you're...
Fuck that. I'm crying.
bruh i havent seen my dad in so long cant wait for this momnt
I'm not crying the pug is crying
https://i.imgur.com/lDwDyUu.gifv
Solid double mom-hug.
I hope I look like this when I'm a mom.
Nice try... We know white people are really evil
I love how the one on the left is like "why is dad/mom pointing a camera at us?"
That’s an amazing mom
Everytime I watch this I cry lol
[removed]
I'm 30 years old and if I didn't see my mommy for 9 weeks I'd react the exact same way. She really is a hero, I'm so glad she's okay.
Did anybody else shed some happy tears watching this?
Damn! What up, ma!
[deleted]
Fuck Dad’s cooking. Mom is back!
She fittttttt
White blonde a medical professional nice house two daughter with puppies, I wanna be her
She's hot
Awwwww. We need this instead of those stupid protesting posts.
Exploitation at its fucking worst. It's a private moment. I hate this fucking creepy voyeristic bullshit.
Mom is a fox
[removed]
[removed]
jan levinson?!
[removed]
The pug wants attention too ha
That’s a lot of dogs.
Its enough to make a grown man cry, and that's ok
I’m not crying, you’re crying!
Dogs hilarious
I’m so glad for all of you. Enjoy your sweet family. ❤️
My heart... This is beautiful! I don’t happy cry like, ever! There’s a first time for everything! Unreal and thank you for your service!
After all that work she probably had to wait for her test results to see if she was safe to see her kids. Probably felt like an eternity. Wholesome content in a time craziness
I didn’t know Nikki Glaser was a medical professional!
These girls will know their mom as a hero. Beautiful.
I’m not cutting onions, I’m crying!
Thank you
This is awesome.
Sneak lvl 100 too.
these are cute dogs.
Could you pass me a tissue?
WHO THE HELL IS CUTTING ONIONS IN HERE???
well shit now I’m crying. 

Good on ya mom.
Love this
This is absolutely beautiful. What a great mother to demonstrate how true sacrifice is for the greater good. Seems like a strong family
Dog is like .. “hello? What about me?”
Enough to make an adult cry
Fucking jerks. You just made a 42 year old man cry in the goddamn breakroom at work. I had to quit watching.
We know who the favorite daughter is .
The doggo wants a hug too :(
When I was little, my dad had a job teaching up in Northern Canada. I always thought he was there for 1 year and just came home a few times for holidays. It wasn't until I was in highschool that I found out it had only been 6 weeks. Those 6 weeks just felt like they were a year.
Meanwhile the dogs are just like “UMMM YOU ARE NOT DONE GREETING US MADAM”
Good shit.

Fuck 2020.
At first I thought the "mom and daughters" were the pugs lol
Ngl, I thought it was about the dogs...
It's enough to make a grown man cry. And that's ok
The dog wanted in on them cuddles 🤣😂
She got em good
That Frenchie really wanted in on them hugs also.
Fuck Covid.

Beautiful.
Now that’s a tear jerker
The dog is like "fuck those goblins give me a hug right now!!"
The pug is hilarious.
Yep, this one made me cry. I can only imagine the pure joy they all feel.
Now it’s time to sort by controversial
Beautiful moment.  This is such a strange world these days.
What a beautiful and heartwarming reunion! The smiles and happiness on those three faces is wonderful to behold. 💖
This is heart warming to watch.
My dad is an electrician and would travel for work when I was a kid, usually a year at a time.

I know what being reunited like this feels like, and how hard it is to go without a parent for so long at such a young age. These girls will remember this forever.
OK sitting here crying, I still remember what it was like when my dad came home from Vietnam. So I can understand.

My husband just told me that after he saw this thats how he was when I came off the air plane I had been station over seas for a year and 6 months.
He said he held it together just long enough he didn't want me to see him cry as soon as we got to the car he broke down.
He said it was the longest year of his life because we had just been married and spent that whole year worried that I not make it home.
Love the little dog getting in on all the joy x
Aww man I miss my friends so much, can only imagine what it must have felt like for these girls. Beautiful. I felt this.
Much appreciation for your sacrifice!!!!! Those beautiful girls have a fabulous example of a Super Mom!!! ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
I like this hundred times more than those videos of military soldiers returning home.
Cute.
Nope. Couldn't get through this video at all. I have two daughters and this breaks my heart for all of them.
Heart melting
damn. i know it’s super wholesome and all, but their mom’s hot
[removed]
*insert inappropriate hot-mom comment*
Cute.

Everything about this was maximized for social media. The seating arrangement, her clothes and appearance down to the smallest detail and probably the dogs too.

The emotion from the kids is genuine, nonetheless the purpose of this video was to maximize likes. Just rubs me the wrong way. I can see the parents discussing the pre-planning of this and where to post it first.
Bless you and your family!!
I now have something in both my eyes.
The frenchie 🥰😍
Why is no one hugging the dog?!?!
brb gotta go hug my mom
I am too pregnant for this right now. -tears-
Now THATS a mom
This post made me feel good, thanks OP
And pugs! This couldn’t be more perfect!!!
I was waiting for the mom to come into the picture...then I realized.
One of those girls names is Stacy I'm sure of it.
The doggg
I’m not crying, YOU’RE crying!
Michael Scott would be proud
I want all of the dogs. <3
At 00:13 the daughter on left points her finger like "wtf you recording?"
The Frenchie just makes that much better
I'm not crying, you're crying
That’s a great mom!
I cried like a baby when I saw my daughters after being away for 3 nights.  I cannot fathom being away from them for 9 weeks! Such an amazing moment.
Got me with this one.  Reddit onions.
God I miss my mum :'(
Beautiful Family! /r/mademesmile

Note: Better WITH sound (ie. Unmute it)
Even the dogs are emotional
Me after watching video: “Hm looks like rain today...”

My wife: “But its a clear day babe...”

*single tear falls down face*
Thank you for sharing this...this made my day and thank you for your hard work...peace.
Cute
the dog's presence tells me that this is a happy family
that outdoor area is gorgeous.
I am not crying 😢
It's enough to make a grown man cry... and that's okay.
Thank god she made it out of the covid trenches safely
I’m not crying, you’re crying.
I was expecting this to be all about the dogs...
I Miss my Mom
Awww so heartwarming, so many cute dogs too
So sweet! Dogs and all
Alright. Ya got me. Are we all emotional?  Or is it just me?
Damnit I got something in my eye
I love how one kid is looking directly at the camera and goes for the "wtf are you doing"
I'd react like that after 9 months too.
Good doggo didnt bark to keep the surprise going!

such a great video to see.
I needed this. Thank you.
Thank you, I needed this today.
Sounds like she has a pet tauntaun.
I’m not crying. You’re crying.
9 weeks at home must have felt like an eternity to those kids
Gawd dang it now you got my eyes sweatin
Hey, who put these onions here?
Beautiful
Dude!! Even the dogs are having a wonderful reunion!!!
So beautiful
Oh mama <3
My eyes are leaking 😭
Yeah, but what about the dog?!
The nation will be forever grateful for the service and sacrifice of these heroes. I will look forward to visiting the  future, multiple monuments across the country that will be built in their honor.
The reaction on the left kid is priceless. That dramatic development of realization after being caught off guard with what the camera holder is doing.
This brought tears to my eyes
And she has the marks on her face from wearing a mask constantly, it breaks my heart. Such a strong woman. What a beautiful moment and a beautiful family! Thank you for all your sacrifice.
iiiiiiiiii love it.
Is she like the most beautiful mom ever?!?! Wtf??
Let the dog get in on it too!
Awesome.  What a beautiful family.
Needed this.  Thanks OP
Could we get some more of that chubbo-puggo?
In a sea of disturbing riot/protest/looting/violent videos ... this video was so shockingly wholesome I cried a little. It was like finally getting to the surface for air. Thank you
A well deserved hero's welcome.
I love the dogs responses as well!!
Doggo wants in on the group hug !
Pup wants in on the hug so bad
Shit kills me, I wish I had that type of relationship with my mom...
I'd react like that after 9 months too.
Ok... This one got me right in the feels
I needed that today!
Forgive me brethren... but what is her @ doe
Dam they drippin in fendi
Probably one of the most beautiful videos I’ve seen!  So much love!  Even from your little doggo!  ❤️
FOR GODS SAKE SOMEONE HUG THE DOG
Welp. There's me crying again.
My heart.
Lmao how many pugs do they have?!?
Who's cutting onions around here??
Little sis tho, paralyzed with joy!
Everything about this is just damn adorable. From the way the mother surprised them to the dogs it’s just absolutely perfect.
someone post the cartoon lines...
I’m shocked that the dog had enough patience to not make a single noise until the mom got the girl’s attention! Immediately rot out the gremlin growl after they found out!

Wait I just noticed people calling her a nurse but I don’t see that in the title. What if she’s a doctor? Any confirmation?
All you need is love...
All I saw was a dog....
We know who her favorite is
Does she have her own craft room where she makes candles and de-stresses by just smelling them?
I needed this today.  Thank you!
Pup wants some love!
Well that just made me ugly cry. Thanks. Both sarcastically and realistically
This is so wholesome. Can't stop replaying this video.
Love this
I am very thankful for her and all the people who took care of the COVID-19 patients. Thank you.
Who the hell is cutting onions in here
The Pug with one floppy ear and one pointy ear
I thought it was the dogs being introduced to their dog moms...
Even I would be happy though not her child
Give that good boy some love!
My dad went overseas for three weeks when I was a kid. It felt so long. 9 weeks is an eternity
Where did these onions come from?  Why are they magically diced?
That's a hawt mom
who is this?
WHOLESOME OVERLOAD
I think the Dog is crying too... or maybe that's just me.
was at the store today lots of no glove- no mask goers  i wish i could show them this  so touching thank you for sharing
Random but mom looks like a movie star!
This family is pug rich and that's really my whole life goal.
I’ve thought at times that I need a frenchy, but this really really makes me want one.
Kids wearing a Fendi shirt 🤨
This just made my day :)
so many dogs... fendi t shirt on a 7 year old. Yeah this family got that guap!
that better be fake fendi. why tf would you buy a little girl a shirt that costs hundreds of dollars
Sorted by controversial. I knew I wouldn't be disappointed.  
People suck.
/r/no_sob_story
“That’s not accurate. They were reunited
Maybe I need 9 weeks away. My kids are driving me fucking nuts in this pandemic, with their school and all that.
That’s such a cute dog
She fine asf
IM NOT CRYING YOU’RE CRYING 😭😭
0% chance of ever pulling out with this one. My god
A beautiful moment and to the countless daughters and sons who lent us your parents, thank you.
Awesome, thanks for you care to those in need, and pug baby says me too me too❤❤
These onions man... they just sneak up on you...
This is so pure. Thank you for your service to mankind! And thank you for sharing this video. Happy you have been reunited!
Awwww :)
Further proof that CV19 is over.
“Let me get in there too! I want some hugs!”
The dog only added to this video
Goddamnit, whose cutting these onions!!  But seriously, this is beautiful
I greatly appreciate her sacrifice. Giving up time with her family for 9 weeks to help those in need. This is what humanity looks like.
Mom must be balling! Daughter is rocking Fendi.
I've got something in my eyes.
this is why I should apply in medical. I’d rather be alone cuz you’re always gone for the shift but this hit different though🥺❤️
Why is my face suddenly a waterfall? Can someone explain. Thanks.
I see 4 furry dog daughters
With all the shit going on in the world this week , THIS WAS AWESOME!!!!
Thanks I didn’t need my heart today anyway 😭
Jesus that scared me
Kids wearing a Fendi shirt lol
Looks like it was worth the sacrifice for both service to the sick and family safety.
I'd willingly break both of my arms.
Thats how it was for my son and I.  I just sell phones though
It's a messy cry type video
mmmmmmmmmilf
They have a lot of dogs.
I thought the daughters were the doggies at first hahaha.
More of this please.
i wish i had that loving parents.
Fuck she's hot.
@yukiemon7782 
instagram
japan
We need more happy posts like these
Fucking onions...
Is your wife Portia de Rossi? Are you Ellen??
Children are having to go extended periods of time without being able to see one of their parents because of the U.S. terrible handling of the outbreak, do you realize the kind of psychological effect that could have on a child?
r/mademesmile
Fuck, that hit me in the feels.
That's some heartwarming shit
Doggies:  “hug me too!”
thank you for being a fighter and a lover. ❤️
Oh this is so heartwarming. I haven’t hugged my mom or grandma since this started and I just can’t wait.
Still going to get their attention politely.
Gawt Damn I wish I’d had a mom worth hugging.
This made me cry and I didn’t want to cry
Little sweeties
This is awesome, pure joy
Ah fack in cryin heavy mate
Crying. Just crying. She did an amazing thing. I’m so glad those girls got their momma back ❤️❤️❤️❤️
The daughter on the right scrunches her nose up exactly like my 6 mo old. You can’t fake that big of a smile!
I would react that way after 9 months too.
So many onions.
I’m not crying, you’re crying!
Salute, men. Salute.
This made me happy. For someone who hasn't been able to go home for over a year
I know the feeling... 16 weeks and counting without my family!

Well done and thank you!
My nieces are living with me and my parents because my sister in law is a nurse and my brother works in another city. It's hard for them, not able to see their daughters
Tie a ribbon around an old oak tree for her. She is an American hero
Even the dog wanted to be hugged. So much ❤️. It’s obvious they missed each other
I’m curious if familial isolation had a meaningful impact. Many if mot most HCW didn’t isolate from families. But it might be a good idea to determine rates of infection both ways to provide a definitive answer next time. 

I don’t think the CDC recommended that for HCW? I think the idea is to prevent exposure with practice and PPE. 

The rate of my hospital was about less than the general public and we tested a LOT more so it was likely even better.
Mom’s are bad ass.
I'm not crying. I'm just sweating through my eyes.
I recognize her from Road House
All I read was “daughters being reunited” and I thought it was about the dog next to the mom being reunited with the other pups on the couch lmao
I thought the little girl had no arms for like 3 seconds
 An anyone place that accent? They sound British maybe? It's on the tip of my tongue and it's bugging me.
Gotta go change my ac filters. Somethings getting to my eyes
LET THE DAMN DOG IN THE GROUP HUG
I’m not crying your crying!
Love this. Obviously we can’t see the littlest’s face before she hugs her mom, but I really noticed her first instinct seemed to be to pull back, take a step away to try to process, before flinging herself around her mom’s neck. Bless her. She probably had SO many emotions. I bet she was clingy af afterwards! It’s hard to be separated from a parent for so long at any age, let alone due to such trying circumstances!
It’s enough to make a grown man cry.
The term hero was co-opted to make it “okay” for people to die during this pandemic. But let’s not forget that a lot people made true sacrifices to do what they felt they had to do. They deserve our admiration and respect.
Awwwwwwww
Ah shit. Well, here I am at 2am ugly-crying. Thanks OP.
Is it bad that I thought they were talking about the dogs at first?
I haven’t been able to see my mom in years. I glad they got to see theirs.
Hate when people sneak up on me /:
The family joy is nice and all, but the multiple pugs is the best part of this video for me.
MUMMY!
What a beautiful family  :-)  <3
I don’t know if I should make a hot mom or hot nurse joke.
this is the kind of positivity i need in my life right now. i love it!
Such a sweet reunion! ❤️❤️❤️🥰🥰
Hey dog is also waiting 🐕
Maya & Edgar!
Well. That is probs my most favourite homecoming vid I've ever seen. Beautiful
thats noic
That little girl rocking a Fendi shirt tho
Ugly little dog
I was so distracted the whole time by the fact that the mother and daughters have the exact same hair color, down to the low and hilights. Genetics are nutty.
Look how many beautiful puppies they have!
What are they watching though?
Pupper wants to be hugged too!
This is nice and all, but what kind of sadistic parents keep kids from their mom for 9 weeks? I'm sure there was a way for them to see each other safely
I haven't seen my mom in 8 years.
Those dogs are so heckin' cute!
Pug: “What am I, chopped liver over here??”
This made me cry.
This rocks.  And, that dad can braid like a badass.
Moms get the soft hugs. Dads will have to expect incoming missle children!
Best thing I've seen today by a mile. Even has a Frenchie. An earnest and sappy thank you.
Aww
As an army brat who has had both parents deploy this hits hard right in the feels
I'm here for the doggy
>!Breed!<
That mom looks refreshed after 2 months away from them hahaha
I'm so happy for you guys! :)
Tan almost everywhere. Jan almost everywhere. Teehee.
I can hear the happiness without the sound
That makes my day! Thank you !
Hey guys is this [Jan from the office?](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jan_Levinson)
Did the pupper get more cuddles later??
This is an incredibly sweet moment. 

Also - she foyn.
Just trash... Completely unnecessary... The CDCs numbers are so far off from the WHOs.... What a steaming crock of shite... My poor grandad hasn't been able to see family for 4 months
Frenchie is jealous immediately, lol
IM NOT CRYING, OKAY?!
Crying, thanks! This was precious.
My wife stayed away for 6 or 7 weeks. She came home while my youngest was napping. When he woke up and saw her he immediately started ugly crying.
Lol the dog! 😂 he wants in on the group hug girls!!
I’m about to have our first baby. A little boy. We’ve had three miscarriages. All pretty early. I’m due in less than 7 weeks. I hope I never have to be away from him for 9 weeks.. but I can’t imagine being this happy to see my narcissistic mom. I don’t need him to love me more than anything.. but I hope he’s happy to have me around like this.
r/madeMeSmile
The mom looks a lot like Kristen Bell.
imagine living a life as happy healthy wealthy human beings
Ngl thought you meant the doggos at first
How dare anyone like something with white people during this time!! /s
I definitely didnt start crying there. Not at all.
It’s like my dad being gone but he’s haven’t been back for 18  years
Awww  
It almost made me forget that the US is literally having a civil war right now
I've watched this 3 times and have cried harded every time someone stop me
The dog wants in on that
I needed this today
Woof...I’m going to hell
I wanna be that hot at her age. Good for you, girl!
This is the wholsome shit I need on my page
I envy their dog collection
That's it!! Pass the covid along
My dads been getting milk for 490 weeks.. hopefully the line clears up soon
Are trying to do with guns?
This is so wholesome I can’t cope
Well I didn’t come here to cry, but here we are.
MILH ... Mom I d Like to Hug :eyes:
Dog is like I want some of that too
They look like happy puppies - not initially sure how to react. Adorable.
This is like a soldier coming home 

And I would say that she is one
Looks like the younger daughter had to take a few seconds to process if this was real or not.
I feel bad for the health care workers who have to isolate and stay away from their spouses and kids so they won't infect them with the beer virus
Greta Thurnberg!!!!!!!
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you to that mom. And her little girls. ❤️
Grown man, 42 years-old. Was listening to "Love Is Everywhere" by Wilco when I hit this link. Haven't cried like that in a while. Stay safe, everyone. Love *is* eveywhere.
That was absolutely beautiful. That’s what it’s all about.
From 19secs I forgot that girl had arms.
The dog 😂
PET THE DAMN PUG
i feel like this after even 1 night without my kids ! i couldnt even imagine 9 weeks!! 💔
This brought back memories of my mum that I thought I lost. Thank you, so very much ;)
This reminds me of a movie. 
What a beautiful family too!!!
Today was my late mother's birthday, while it hurts it also is nice to remember her.

Today my husband confirmed we are getting divorced. I've never felt anything like this, but I believe it will change me for the better. We've been in limbo for months, it's almost a relief.

If you can find happiness in parts of the challenges, it's pretty profound. It's hard and it doesn't take away the difficulty - but it sure gives a new meaning to making it through the storm.
I’m not crying, your crying! Damn that gave me some feels!
Every time I see a video like this I remember that most of my good memories of childhood are around excitement in anticipation of some big event - a birthday, Xmas, a vacation, etc.  my dad has to go away for work for like 6 months and I remember the anticipation of him returning.  I don’t remember the day he *actually* returned.  A lot of times the anticipation excitement is greater than the result.  

I wonder how many of these kids didn’t get that when mom or dad returns unexpectedly.
I cant imagine being away from my family (dog included) that long. Working in an environment where I could get sick. Not being able to go home and see the reasons I live for. Being alone fighting an invisible virus. She did the right thing. Fortunately, shes alright and is back home where she belongs. Thank you to everyone just like her.
It’s about fucken time they put some good and heart worming shit 🥺
I’m not crying, you’re crying.
Love took her breath away.
I probably sound like a soppy c**t, but the smile on their faces was pretty priceless.
I’m
😭
Oh geez I'm a mess. #justmomthings
i’m not joking i’m sobbing in the break room at work
Who’s cutting onions?
Not the usual mom and daughter video I’m used to but a lovely change for once.
We see so much of this with military people, it's nice to see it for the healthcare workers as well. Also, that woman is extremely photogenic!
This is what I want to see not the negative B's that everyone is FEEDING on
Mom looks rested, tan, and beautiful.  Patients are probably easier than raising kids.
Jan from the office
Something tells me the fawn pug isnt going to be to happy she cant have a whole aide of the bed to herself
anyone else have like the exact same couch and table
MUMNMY
Forever priceless.
r/mademesmile
My heart, after seeing so much terrible news today, just immediately filled up with joy. Thanks OP
Lovely!!
I cried at this. I never cry from heartwarming stuff like this usually. I guess between the terrifying state of my country and being a mom to 1 daughter with another on the way it's wreaking havoc with my equilibrium. I'll just blame the hormones I guess.
When kids cry when they are happy - it makes me happy cry.
Whenever I see people reunited video it’s brings tears to my eyes. This is the most satisfying thing in the world.
Casually wearing a fendi shirt as bed clothes
From the thumbnail I 100% thought this was gonna be a bunch of pugs reuniting. Sorta let down
haha it’s non-linear as opposed to points.
r/MadeMeSmile
They look wealthy; you can tell by how they are.
Wow it’s so heartwarming to see Jan turn things around for her and astird
Can mods please lock this post due to all the feels it gave me?
If I could afford gold I'd give it.
Badass.
Some of those kids are pretty pugly.
Sooooo beautiful!!
Hey, I have that water bottle
So sweet! I’m so glad she can be home with them now.
Heros are everywhere!
Very touching but I’m gonna need more footage of the dog with one ear up ASAP.
aaaaaand i’m crying
Insta emo ❤️
My mom used to work super long shifts, supporting us as a single mom, and I remember really vividly hearing her come home while our grandma took care of us and getting SO EXCITED to hear the door. Me and my brother would just run screaming MOOOOOOOOOOOMMMM and tackle her when she came in so we could hug her. I think those are some of my happiest memories as a kid. Those kids must be so happy shes back!!!
Ok so I’m crying. Ssoo good
I'm not crying, you're crying
So cute
Disgusting awards, why does reddit keep changing shit that doesn’t need to be changed
This is so wholesome
I teared up a little.
This is really really sweet and I also love mom’s shirt!
Happy daughters and jealous dogs  !  Mom had to be extra careful for her girls. My niece is a respiratory therapist and she has 2 little boys and her man to be careful for.
My god that woman is beautiful. Good for her.
Millllllf
Beautiful!
I could tell they were british without even listening to the video. This is the weirdest feeling ever..
Let that dog in
That ... is just CUTEI
I've just got something in my eye is all
Awesome! Now I've seen the trailer what's the name of the feature?
!
I hope that if I have kids, we will have a relationship like this
What are they watching?
Dusty in here all of a sudden
Yoo i don't wanna cry while eating
Mom is beautiful- like movie star beautiful AND HAS A CARING HEART!!!!!
This makes me so happy I cried 😭
i didn’t cry at all..
Lovely to see. Thanks for sharing.
Lol! 

**I survived the 99.7% survival rate virus!!!!**
I'm not crying
I like how she looks at her for a second to take it in 💕
I think I need some medical care right about nowish.
I love it when a dog is one ear up and one ear down, ngl
I watched it a few times. So wholesome. Made my day. Thanks for posting this, I needed this more than I realized.
That’s adorable 
It reminds me of that one time when I was younger my dad went on business trips a lot and I only saw him a couple times a year. The time away from my parent really made me think about how much I need them and made me appreciate them more.
Mom is going away again in a few weeks with all these protests.
Awww, those sweet babies!!!
Who cuttin onions in here
I fully expected this to turn into being about the dogs lmao
My heart needed this today.
Guys I’m crying.
Thicc
Thank you I needed this today
All their expressions are amazing to watch. Very expressive family. Cute.
Love conquers all.
I like how the younger one couldn’t believe and just stood there
Thank you for posting this. I happy cried, and I needed some positivity after the past few days.
Sneak 100
😍😍😪😪
Off topic but are there 4 dogs there?
Its like watching a parent coming back from a 6+ month deployment. Just as touching.
I have that exact same patio furniture
This might sound really dumb but does like every household in the uk own this exact furniture set? Ive saw the same one like 10 times, especially out my own back garden lol
Is this rita from dexter??
Mummy!!!!!
That child is wearing a fendi t shirt. That shits expensive
Wait a minute......isn’t that the kid who had the YouTube channel Ruby Rube?
The gremlin growling during this moment makes it all the better.
Call me Kakyoin because she is bad af
I’d be excited to see her too got damn 🔥
I am very thankful to you for what you did. Congratulations on going home to your family. It looks like they missed you so very much. Oh and you have a adorable little baby doggie.
So cute!
Also feeling happy for Her partner. Being apart for 9 weeks from a beautiful legend like that could do things to a person.
Mmmmmmilf
Goddamn 9 weeks...??? Those two girls are incredibly brave.👏👏
This is beyond beautiful.
Can someone explain to me why I thought this was British before those kids confirmed it? I'm very confused rn

Edit: I think it's a combination of the mums makeup / look / eyebrows and the general look of the kids...
You have such a cute family 😊
This is the kind of stuff I like to see as coronavirus starts diminishing. This is the light at the end of the tunnel. Thank you for sharing your beautiful family’s moment.
Aw, the dogs want in on the hugs too
Really cool
Healthcare professionals risk so much and for careless losers and anti vaxxers to throw it all away is poor repayment indeed.
The dog is waiting for the hug.
Uh, sup?
That “MOMMY!!” made me so happy
She's fucking hot.
i thought they ment the dogs but ok
Not only was it cute seeing her daughters reactions, but the chewbaca noises from her dogs were priceless!
Mammas a dime piece for sure. Also wholesome vid thanks.
Makes me thankful for mum
Anyone else thinking of when thor yells: "BOYYYYSSSS!"
And that is literally the reason why you should were a mask outside!! Healthcare workers made great sacrifices that pass few months.
Thanks for this.
As a new father, I'm definitely crying. So are you.
As a new father, I'm definitely crying. So are you.
I'm not crying, you are!
Nice
Havent cried in a while.. this was touching
I am surprised the pets didnt do happy doggie dance and yipping and boofing
Is nobody gonna mention how similar they look to each other? Especially their smiles?
WOW!!!!! Mommy is a Hottie!!!!! Yeah great moment though. Heart warming at the very least.
I can feel the energy from this. I Lost my mom when I was 14. I dont know if heaven exists but I sure hope I can hug my Mom's energy one more time like this.
Well, I’m bawling! Those little girls were so happy!! God Bless that momma!!
Pugs and French Bulldog
This is so precious!! The dogs wanted to join in the hug too, so adorable , all of them!!
I’m here for the pug
Kinda felt bad for the dog
Sorted by controversial and it was predictable.
I want that outdoor furniture
Thanks for the happy cry 💗
Got my eyes all sweaty! Damn, such a wholesome video, pure and unconditional love.
This mom is so hawt. BT seriously this is amazing cute.
This really brought me to tears. My best wishes for the beautiful family ❤️
The dogs wanted some action too
Welp, I just ugly cried at work. This is the most wholesome thing I've seen in a while 💕
Lol the dogs
Pupper needed mom's pets also
Forget the damn kids, PET THOSE PUPPIES YOU MONSTER!!!
is it bad that i went "oh fuck i'm genuinely smiling"?
This is what I needed to see today. Thank you.
r/mademesmilecry
I didn't give you permission to melt my heart OP. How dare you?
What a beautiful moment thank you for sharing ❤️
