Twin propeller system.
Watching those tails wag makes me happy
Watching the wags sync up for half a second is like watching car blinkers do the same. Very satisfying.
He's gonna get airborne any second!
Correct form to carry unvaccinated puppies in public areas. Specifically against parvo.
Happy butts
*waggly
Oh, those poor naive puppers
Thanks. I needed the smile.
Guy was propelled into the vet’s office by the tails wagging lol
If he stands on a skateboard, eventually the ~~trails~~ tails will synchronize.
Aww. A good doggie daddy
He’s gonna fly away if he’s not careful
SAY HELLO TO MY LITTLE FRIENDS!
These types of puppers were the entirety of the reason I continued to work at an animal hospital for 3 years despite bad management, low pay and pet owners that seemed to forget we were human beings.
I love them!!!
Give em a treat.
Give em a treat.
That dude about to take off like a helicopter
Dogs are the best thing on the planet.
Hopefully they’re still excited to go to the vet after their first appointment
They were so excited- they couldn’t wait.
As a vet office worker, they should be on a leash regardless of how cute. Puts everyone at risk if there is a dog aggressive animal or they could jump out of his arms and out the door into the street
Musta flew there
I’ve got two puppers and I’m not afraid to use them
I was begging him to turn around... Let me see!!!!!
Let's see if those tails are still wagging after the vet is done with them...
 Oh, shake shake shake, shake shake shake  
Shake your booty, shake your booty
This just makes me smile.
of course they're pitbulls. OF COURSE they love everyone.

Folks, I meant of course they are pitbulls because pitbulls are awesome dogs. Relax.
Pitty wiggles ♥️
Good at keeping the flies away
how is this man not taking flight?
Can't wait for the schnoodle on this one.
Those are two happy seeking missiles!
He is now a damn fast race boat. Bring treats for pups to act as turbo.
Adorable,  two very happy well looked after puppies.
This needs to be photoshopped into two cats fighting behind his back
I love them
This. I love this.
How is he not flying?
Such happy tails
I see tail sprains in the future
It's a bird it's a plane it's super pups
Two happy little guys. I hope home is just as happy 💜
'Honestly, i'm just happy to be here and meet yall'
Oh man they have no idea what's coming
I have no idea why but I just picture this guy on jetskis holding his dogs like this till their tails go faster and faster until he just zooms off into the horizon
They have no idea this will soon be their least favorite place to be
 Watching those tails wag makes me happy
r/MadeMeSmile
How cute!
That guy is gonna take off
By cuddling he can increase and trim the frequencies, thus allowing controlled flight.
I bet they aren't wagging on the way out.
I love them
Happy to be held.
How is he not flying
Not quite r/airswimming.  more like air propellering.
r/SwiggitySwootyGifs
Can anyone tell me the tail wag ratio between the two dogs? Asking for a friend.
This makes me happy on so many levels.
They won't be wiggly for long.
Awww so cuteee
Why they so happy they at the vet 🤣
Their tails go wig-wag wig-wag like windshield wipers.
Clearly, it’s their first trip to the vet, look at those happy wagging tails!
"Can you bob these two?"
The one on the right must be named Spot. Such a little rascals pupper.
This is what I needed
Windshield wiper tails!
I really needed this today
2 stroke
why did I think these were two live fish?
Looks like he has his hands full.  Sign here?  Are you kidding lady?
I just wanna pinch their wiggly butts
Lol
Ah, that is the new (patented) bottom cooler, for hot days. Insert 4 x AA batteries up each oraffice, press nose and the cooling begins.
Pew pew pew go the happy guns
They don't know what is to come. My dog would never wag her tail EVER.
Wiggl-o-copter.
Airwoofer 380
Deebo is that you?
which way is he turning ,left or right, he is indicating both ways..?!!?
Extremely excited. 😅
Rofl that looks hilarious and super adorable!
I mean, how hard would it be to turn around.
This is one of the best posts I've ever seen. Love those puppers. <3
Let go of one and he'll spin around in circles.
How can you even be mad right now? There’s so many happies!
If only we could figure a way to harness the power of the tail wag, we'd solve our global energy needs.
i really needed this right now
Puppies, puppies everywhere! 😍 😍
You just know he’s laughing to himself with both those tails slapping his back.
Way too sweet 😭 Velvet hippos!
Look who's excited for the vet. :)
I liked that split second when they're beat frequencies aligned.
Their tails are like the blinkers on two cars that are flashing at different speeds.

You're waiting... waiting for one to catch up to the other, and they're only satisfyingly in sync for a split second before they're out of sync again.

And then, your blinker friend turns, never to be seen again.
Man I'm fucking elderly if that's a boy
Big iron on his hips
Do they know... That they are wagging their trails?
He got them fresh kicks too
I haven’t woken up yet, I read it as ‘Man bringing two wiggly puppets into the vets’
Make this guy a flying GTA mod!
Wiggyyyyyy!!!!!
Now that's what we all needed!  Scrappy dogs!!!
“Wiggly”? Cringe
The first time is the only time they'll be happy about going to the vet. :\\
Where are my testicules, Summer?
Turbo and hyper
This is adorable but these poor babies don't know what they're in for
Dual wielding
They are like window wipers
Next time they will remember. No more wiggly.
must be nice a vet to have a job like that. I'll take one pls.
Those are dogs. Damn 12 year old speak.
If you put this them in water, they’ll start propelling forward
They won't be so wiggly on thr 2nd trip
Wiggle wiggle wiggle.... , now that's the wiggle I would love to see.
The guy: get the vet some fucking puppers.
This made me so happy this morning
Man he’s measured on stream 6’5
Wind up toys
Dude gonna take off soon
About to taken off any seconds now .
What seems to be the issue sir?

They keep spraining their tails!!
So friendly and eager these pups. My dog would just bark and growl.
Must be their first time...
Needed this today
'say hello to my little friends!'
Holy Jesús my heart is melting right now
Why isnt this heli flying on auto pilot
Get a skateboard, hold them tight, yell treats, and let the force of their wagging propel you forward.
great
Somebody in the original episode.
Wet nose and wiggly butt.
Serious question, can dogs get hurt by wagging their tail? I love dogs but I don’t have one so I don’t really know.
Let’s hope he isn’t bringing them to PETA.
Puppy's look excited
Them tails be doin the absolute most
A lil faster and he would take off.
One pup is clearly twice has happy as the other
READY FOR IGNITION! Flight in 3...2...1
those two together, it’ll stick
doggies‼︎
Wait til they see what the vet will do
Nice
My day has been made. Thank you.
Those tails are warding the evil off
😍😍
Please fill in the form
... Please help
Sucks that whenever I see multiple Pit puppies I assume they're being breed though :(
I call BS, I saw no wiggly, only a bunch of waggly. Two bunches, in fact.
Why am I smiling and watching the video multiple times?
They are so exciteeeed!!!
Everyone look up big dogs like the German Shepherd with dwarfism cutest shit ever
Is he robbing the store with two loaded puppies?
My cats also wags their tails at the vet.
I'm not sure, but I think they're happy!
You know his pants are probably slowly starting to slide down because he didn’t wear a belt. He’s thinking, “yes Stephanie, yes. Yes, hurry up Stephanie!”
This is so precious and uplifting during the times we are facing now.
So young, so innocent, so unaware of the horrors that await them in that office.
HOW DO YOU HAVE SO MUCH KARMA
Adorbs
Also just so glad to see its not a golden retriever. Seriously wtf is going on lately?? /R/aww is now /r/Golden's or something??
Pibbles have the best pupellers.
I'm pretty certain this vet is where we take our dogs and cats.
"Yes, hello. I bought these two last week. How do you turn them off?"
Two come in sick, none come out
he has the adorable gauntlets
Do you realise you have 6 million karma :0
My dog doesnt like the vets anymore
Don't you mean "waggly"?
That's so cute! I will save and play it when i need a mood boost!💗💗💗
You could power a whole city with those tail-turbines
SUCH WIGGLE

I love them
Laugh of the day.
100k upvotes, wow!
That poor guy has no ass
This made me smile. Thanks for posting.
Wiggly woofers
Literally armfuls of pure love and cuteness.
What handsome wicker whackers
Windscreen wipers.
He is ready for take off.
That's how you spot a first timer
Windshield wipers.
Wigglin & waggin 💕🐶💕
Im gonna get downvoted but:
Those are pitbull, pitbulls wag their tail in almost all situations, from playing to attacking something. Just because they are waging their tails it doesn’t mean they are happy and not nervous
It's rare to see a dual propeller human.  Typically they are now jet driven, with foul smelling exhaust.
I think his feet are about to leave the ground 😜
Favorite Wiper Washers Ever!!
He got some kind of little wings on both sides 🤩
I always wonder, when I see videos posted like this, if the people in them know they're being videoed and are OK with their videos being posted on the Internet. I know the guy's back is to the camera, but still...
r/momentbeforeadisaster :/
Are they excited or scared
Oh. My. Gosh.
They so happy ❤️
Oh my gosh 😍
The wholesome content I need
Pretty sure this man flew to the vet with the downforce generated from those two wiggly tails.
Its like hes an angel
This guy apparently carries his back massage equipment to the doctor's office.
First time?
That’s the body language of a man resigned to his life choice.
Those two must be first timers, still dont know what's coming on them
someone find this guys on here so I can marry him
That's so frickin' cute, holy fuck ... they look like pits, so that situation may only happen again real soon a limited number of times ... until they get too big
Pups that have never been to the vet. They’re just like, “Neat! What’s the place Daddy?! We love it!!”
The fact that I noticed his air Jordan true flights before I saw the dogs has reassured me that I have an unhealthy sneaker addiction
Silas loved self flagellation and puppies. It was a relationship of convenience.
Uh oh... maybe don’t be wagging so much guys....
This genuinely made me go aww
Please leave their ears and tails alone
Shhhh....they dont know yet....
Andy Dwyer. There I said it.
Ty for this
Man that sub is just a prick.
I needed this today
Baaaawwww
I need these puppers too
Strange question but does anyone know where to get a jumpier/sweatshirt like this?
Oh, the pibble wiggle.

They can't wag their tails without wagging their whole behind. Just the cutest thing ever.
Why is that pit bull not on a leash or in a cage 👀
Two happy butts and a missing butt. That man is missing his badonkadonk.
I'm not crying, you're crying 😭❤
Dang, they hit the pet stores too?
He's about to take off by harnessing the power of happiness.
That’s adorable!
For the first second İ thought they were 2 belts floppering around
Best thing Ive seen all day!
I love dogs!
Little do they know what's coming. Sweet as pie though
The vets are probably just as excited to see them!
For a second I thought those were fish!
Just solved the energy crisis. Hook some turbines up to those tails
That's freakin adorable!!
Oh my gosh they’re the cutest
Ohoho there not gonna be wagging in a bit
They are so cute and good doggies!
First time at the vet I see
Dual-wielding anti-depression gats
I bet if someone says “Cookie!” in a happy voice those tails will move fast enough to achieve liftoff.
pups looking around
Thinking: "why is nobody givin scritches?", "I don't know! What kinda place is this?" "we are good pups!!!!"
Won’t be wiggly on the way out.
Welp, we know who won the interwaggles today.
He's about to propel away!
I could watch this all day
The propellers make him go faster.
I want them to get synchronized
First going in their happy but when they leave their traumatized
Ahh good old puppies akimbo
First time huh?
Watch them both start pissing
I needed this in my life today.
Bookmarked for a rainy day




Everyday.
Is it just the perspective or is this dude completely massive?
Why can’t I get any karma at all on my profile?
They're almost wagging in tandem, like windshield wipers.
that'll be the first and last time those tails wag at the vet
Made me smile today. Thanks.
It very good!!! I.m live in Russian :-D
It’s really a prototype of a twin blade helicopter
Oh mate that is the most delightful thing I have seen in days:).
They got wag!
Ohh this got a good chuckle out of me! Those tails!! Ahhh
I didn't know dogs were capable of wagging their tails when at the vet




Our frenchy pup broke her leg as a wee bitty pup. Poor thing is confused about how she feels about the vet.




She alternates between hiding under me trying to be invisible 
and strutting about and stretching in "I'm too sexy for my fur" fashion.
These are propellers. Starting the engines.
There is something just about a dog wagging it’s tail that I find so amusing and joy bringing it’s insane
Sir, your elbows are wagging.
I guess I found a new favorite video on the internet
Oo
They’re getting put down
Me looking at the happy puppers: :)

Me realising they're pitbulls: :(
I witnessed an man die now some puppers this is a good day on reddit

Edit I don't mean literaly died but it was pretty painful looking
Are black people allowed to have dogs? Sorry for my ignorance
Those puppies have more tail than he does. Where did his ass go?
This reminds me of that ‘racism is taught video’ of the boys running to each other. 

I’ll never forget a coworkers round about stupidity when it came to justifying breed bans but know well enough now, those are the anti-vaccine people in the dog world.

Anybody who says pit bulls are naturally aggressive...take one pit and one beagle from pups. Raise the pit in your home and nurture, socialize, train it and leave that beagle on a 8 foot chain lead with rotted dog house for shelter and minimal interaction or socializing. 

Let you get in a pen with both dogs and that beagle will have you watching your ass.
[removed]
That's Michael Vick
Vets? Where did they serve?
hows they supposed to put them thermamometers up those dogs butss if there thails wagging so much i love butts so much if i was smart id became a proctologist or a veterinary asshole doctor if those exist butt i dodo perfer human butt off course its so import to keep the butthole healthy im so glad they dedicate special doctor of buttholes just to take extra good care off all our butts n stuff
Them 7s dope
