Dear Journal, today a human picked me up and gave me to another family.
Just a reminder:  
-  possums eat ticks, curbing the spread of Lyme disease  
-  are not hostile and rarely rabid  
-  they do not destroy property (unlike other nocturnal animals), also don't spray like skunks  
-  they eat carrion, garden pests (cockroaches, beetles) but not flowers    
-  they're immune to snake venom
There's a full video somewhere of this, and someone explained to me why you hold a possum by the tail and I forgot why now

Edit - thanks I love you guys, there is happiness and unity sormwhere on the planet and that's reddit
possums are the real MVPs

\#ticksoverparty
~~O Captain! My Captain~~

*Opossum! My Possum!
Guy is a bro
This is how opossums go off on their own. So when the babies are old enough to survive by themselves (about the age of these guys in the video), they will fall off of their mother's back. That's it. They just fall off. The mother keeps going and the babies are on their own. Opossums are a pretty simple, yet amazing, animal. They typically only live to be about 3-4yrs old. Most only reach two due to predators and humans.
Awww.  That was kind and thoughtful.
r/humansbeingbros
I thought my dog killed one of these once by pawing on it(110lb German Shepherd and when he gets excited about little creatures he sometimes accidentally paws them too hard) 

Nope - it was just playing possum.  Once he was inside it got up and waddled away. It even had me fooled.
Everyone involved seemed remarkably calm
Question! Does the mom not notice that one of her little babies is no longer with the pack?? Wtf??
I half expected him to yeet it towards the mum.
When the camera looked around and didn’t see the mom, I was waiting for him to fling the little guy in the woods.  Glad it had a happy ending!
What a solid dude! ❤️
Videos like this are so cute, but I bet to the animals it feels like fast travel
Having recently encountered a young, rather anxiety and panic ridden raccoon, this is giving me a lot of anxiety.
Paw Paw!
Sorry I'm late, I got abducted.
That's adorable. What a bro! 

Also, these are opossums, which belong to a different order than possums. Opossums are from North America and they often play dead when threatened. Possums are from Australia (and nearby countries) and they were named that way because they sort of look similar to opossums, but they are more closely related to kangaroos and other Australian marsupials.
Guys a bro. Possum mom is like brooo no.
I wonder what animals think when humans do shit like this.
You deserve a beer for the weekend, good on ya
This is a good person. Please dont hurt opossums.
/u/gifreversingbot
An angel! I love you
That was a lot of poison ivy that they ran through.
Thank you for helping the baby possum!❤️
Possums are great!  They eat lots of ticks and rarely get rabies.
When it showed him spinning in mid air for a sec at least that looked fun lmao #weeee
r/notanotherdndpodcast
possums are just a weird mix between a cat and a rat 

&#x200B;

doesn't make them less cute though
Everytime I see a video like this I can't help but wonder if all the other possums think it was incredibly lucky that the big dumb predator happened to drop their sibling right next to them
One day an old man was walking down the beach just before dawn. In the distance he saw a young man picking up stranded starfish and throwing them back into the sea. As the old man approached the young man, he asked, "Why do you spend so much energy doing what seems to be a waste of time?" The young man explained that the stranded starfish would die if left in the morning sun. The old man exclaimed, "But there must be thousands of starfish. How can your efforts make any difference?" The young man looked down at the starfish in his hand and as he threw it to safety in the sea, he said, "It makes a difference to this one!"
Why can’t anyone find me when I couldn’t keep up with my mum. I know I’m slow but I’m not small, people should be able to see me and find me but no one has ever found me. I am very very sad :((((((((,
This is definitely an American possum. The ones here in Aus are bigger, meaner (the ring tailed ones) and can damage roofs and walls. Just like everything here, more destructive
You definitely don't want to get near a Possum's young when the mother is aware of you, they can go 0 to 100 pretty quick.

I had the enlightening experience of encountering a mother and it's young  in my basement as a kid.   The town I grew up in had flooded, so the rising waters likely drove them to seek shelter in our basement (that or we kept food down there, either or).  I remember it was about 2 am and I heard something, went down to investigate and intially only saw a baby possum meekly moving around in the faint light from the hallway, I flicked on the light and went to check on the little fella and BOOM, lights on and there is the mother not too far off.   She was definitely not amused and bared her teeth.  She gave a warning snap about an inch from my hand and backed up.

Needless to say I just noped back upstairs.   I went around the house outside and found they nudged a window open.   I just left it open and went back to bed, thankfully she left on her own accord.
Thanks for helping the possum!

Remember, always be nice to possums. They’re very friendly and sometimes need help. They can eat fruits and berries as well as bugs and grubs. One of them seemed to like the strawberries I left it.

They are also the only marsupial native to North America.
Secondary props to him for laying it down gently and not yeeting it, a temptation I would have surely given into.
Tacuache!
Possums (opossums idfk) are dope. They are immune to rabies iirc and they eat actually harmful pests
PAW PAW
Ice age is all I can think of
Y'all ain't seen them city possums they will cut you.
If any of you haven't visited MePearl's YouTube channel, do yourself a favor. [Here is her most recent video](https://youtu.be/SnpDKqPSOmo). They are incredibly wholesome and very witty.
I currently have a pet baby opossum because the mother died, his name is Professor.
This makes me happy
Possum are great things to have around. Little tick eaters!
Cute little thing.
When I'm in the hole of depression, I feel like there is no good, but these little things of human kindness lift my spirit :)
For a second when he got to the woods, I thought he was gonna yeet it.
UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHH SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSOOOOOOOOOOOOO FFFFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGGGGG CCCCCCCCCCCCUUUUUUUUUUUUUUTTTTTTTTTTTEEEEEEEE
Is picking it up by it so tail safe though? Shouldn’t you give it more body support?
You can carry possums like this but god forbid anyone carry a mouse or rat like this... too nsfw to tell you just google in incognito if your feeling a bit curious but I’m warning you ⚠️
Good to see this, too many people fear these animals or are grossed out by them.
Would've been roadkill...glad the guy helped.
God, possums are so cute 😊
Saving opossums is a hobbyyyyyyyyyyy
"Judge a man's character by how he treats those who can do nothing for him."
I love possums. They’re such good animals. So misunderstood.
I'm glad I've matured enough in life where I now think those are adorable and welcome them to my yard.
You are an amazing person. And you have made my day
So wonderful!!
We used to ha e this possum that would always be in our patio, he never bothered us and didn’t care about us, honestly he was just vibing
I used to work with an opossum at a zoo! She was cuddly and cute but pretty messy! Just to add to some of the amazing facts already here:

The Virginia Opossum is the only native land marsupial in North America. These are the Opossums, while Possoms are the fluffy tailed tree dwellers found in Australia. They only have a lifespan of about 3 years. They have an opposable thumb!
Good job brother. They eat ticks!
Years ago on Halloween I was all set to just watch TV and hand out candy. Then a friend called about a party so I put the bowl of candy on a table by my front door and left.

When I got home, there was a possum on the table eating a kit kat, chocolate all over its face... most hilarious thing I've ever seen! I'm still mad at myself for not getting a video of it!
That is precious! Dyk Opossums are immune to disease and snake bites! I live in North Florida & same mom and her current babies came every day to eat dry catfood i put on our porch for neighborhood cats. You would hear a loud "crunch crunch" turn around and see mom and babies munching away. No worries I was there. If you did get too close they would freeze and act like you couldn't see them! Really docile creatures.
Bless him for caring and for his actions💞
I don’t know what, but something about possums has made me want one
Deadass thought he was gonna yeet the possum into the tress
Aawwww, very good, so nice  of him. So many people are afraid of the poor little possums. They are North Americas only marsupial. Please be kind to them ❤
Dudes got balls picking up a possum
/u/GifReversingBot
Your (US) possums arent as cute as ours (australia). But the babies are pretty cute.
My heart melted we need more men like this in the world ugh 😭💔
As momma is saying,  "I just got rid of that whiney bastard"!!!
*charles darwin rolls in his grave*
r/humansbeingbros
I like how content the possum was being picked up by the tail

*weeee*
Opossums don't bite, eat ticks, and rarely(they may never) carry rabies!
Quality video for a quality animal. Remember all the good that the Opossum does for up and return the favor when you can!
Baby Opossums are bad at playing possum.
Didn't see the subreddit.  I thought he was just going to toss him into the forest once he crossed the street
just seeing it dangling with its limbs flailing out like that is adorable lmao
No child left behind
Def needed this
Gotta love people like that!
Help help. This giant monster grabbed me and tried to eat me but i fought back and got away at the last second
This is a good guy.
I've had one experience with a possum and it ended up with me being scarred for life and making sure to live in a state without them.
And then he told his brothers and sisters how he could fly.
I would kiss you on the face for doing that. Thank you for being so thoughtful.
 I call the big one "Bitey".
Do you think this is how we get myths about gods? Some bigger smarter creature carries someone over a road or a river and boom: god
It's sad that these little creatures are dangerous as far as biting and scratching you because they're so adorable. One time there was a baby one on my back screened in porch and I made my ex go get it off the porch. He didn't hurt it, he just chased it off with a broom but I was like sorry, I just didn't want to get bit and he said do you think I did? But yeah they're adorable.
baby possums are so cute. adults, not so much.
Aww!!
Don’t the moms carry the teeny tiny babies on their tails?
That little guy's family won't believe his tale of alien abduction.
Possum: I’m finally free from this stupid family

Guy: aw you can’t find your way back? Lemme help you.

Possum: shit.
Thank you for the kindness
Adorable! I met a 6 month old possum named Abra. This lady took him in when he was just a baby. The mother was nowhere in sight. And she has had him since! I held him and he was such a gentle and amazing animal. And honestly so so cute!
So cute
How'd the know that wasn't some other family of Possums?! This could cause like, some crazy switched at birth situation

Butseriouslygoodonyou
Such a cutie.
I love this guy! Yay saving baby!
that guy is a sweetheart
awwww thank you
My dude
When you go on a class trip in elementary school and you get lost and some nice stranger helps you find your class
How very cool of you to do that.
Where’s snoodledoodledoo when you need em
Poor kit had asthma
A possum got itself stuck in a large trashcan I had outside. I tipped it over and he wouldn't leave it for a long while, lil guy was scared. So I gently touched him with the end of a broom stick and he shuffled off to do whatever it is they do. I laid the broomstick on the outside of my house and left omw. 

I could not go in the room on the other side of the broom stick for 3 days, that's how bad it smelled. Touched it one time and it nuked my room with stink through a brick wall.

Tldr: that really nice guys fingers are stinky for abit.
So cute
Humans really are like fey creatures.
ITT: misinformation

I've seen like 7 comments of someone commenting something wrong and then being corrected
This video made me so happy tonight.
This might be a dumb question but are there opossums in the UK? Years ago my college roommate (he was from Brighton) and I were walking back from the bar when one crossed our path. He jumped and screamed “what the fuck is that thing!?!?” I’ve never seen someone so scared in my entire life
I would be IN HEAVEN! I love opossums so much!
Fucking saved 2020.
You are good man
So far away....
Possum! You spoiled the plan! They intentionally left him behind. That’s Robert. He has bad habit of grooming himself in public after eating Cheetos.
You’re awesome
I love possums. I had a rodent problem once and started feeding a stray cat. Soon a possum came along too and both started living in my backyard. They were chill with each other and me and my pest problem disappeared. Possums are bros and misunderstood. They've only been beneficial for me.
For a second I thought that this was one of those release and hawk videos
why did he pick them up by the tail?
Terrier dog breeds are also fine being held by the tail. Burrowing dogs would be pulled out of tunnels and small places by their tails and/or lifted out of horse pouches to go hunt.
Aww I love them so much
TIL Possums are from Australia and other countries while Opossums are from North America. (Possums are more closely related to Kangaroos) both are Marsupials.
I swear he was about to yeet the possum
Best
That guy was a goner if not for that stranger. Prolly still a goner
"shiiiet, y'all wont BELIEVE what just happened to me!"
Great to see people with HUGE hearts ❤️
I had the privilege of caring for a rescue oppossum, sweetest girl in the world. They get treated like large rats in media. Their apparent immunity to rabies is important to doctors .
Ohhh that poor lil thing would have surely died. He was going the wrong way! Lucky to have a random giant help him out. Opossums are the cutest.
Possum looks at other possum 

"Who the heck are you?"
Thank god he had his camera with him. Otherwise this wouldn’t have happened.
lol this guy just reposts videos that went viral a few months ago, I’m literally the one who crossposted the original The day it came out look at my profile 😂
“why you pick me up”
I love this film
Thank you for being so kind
Good guy. Possums are awesome. Lived on the back end of a Sarasota green belt while construction was happening,  drove wildlife out.   I've raised and released a few. (I named my first one Charlie Brown.) Raccoons, too. According to my ex neighbors, they're thriving and doing well.
What was the possum thinking while he was in air lol. Help im flying
Why no reddit video has sound?
They're so cute and helpful little creatures.
Such an angel
"The giant thing accepts me!"
You are a good man thank you
Ngl. Was kinda expecting him to YEET it into the woods
Plot twist: Hold up, this isn’t my child...
The bad part of me wanted him to yeet the little fella into the forest when he got to the edge of the road.
Holding a full-grown possum by the tail is the weirdest feeling; their tails are like giant muscles and it feels like their muscle is sliding around under their tough hairy skin...

Kinda like if your foreskin was made of muscle and you hung from trees by your penis.
Opossums are so cool. I had one sneak into my house and it was a joey. I found it in the bathroom after it scared the ever living fuck out of my girlfriend. I scooped it up in a towel and released it on my patio as it scooted off.

My neighborhood is a beach neighborhood so our houses are really close. My annoying ass and sheltered neighbor asked me if I was going to do anything about it. 

“Why? It’s a fucking opossum. There’s probably more of them here than you actually realize.”

“How do you know?”

“It was a baby. They have 10-20 in their litters.”

Her pure face of terror was amazing.
If they didn't try to RIP my chickens' throats out I would love them lol
Yes!!! Possum cuteness is seriously underrated sometimes. What a good dude!
Lol I can just imagine the possum being like "WHEEEEEE" :D
can somebody explain why they hold him by the tail? is it just more comfortable for the little guy?
He was actually really cool about being picked up lol
“Weeeee”
Why didn't it play dead??
r/humansbeingbros
Wash your hands! Good on you though!
Took it out where it was and planted it there
😭 💗
Possum. Big, freaky, lookin' bitch. Since when did they change it to opossum? When I was comin' up it was just possum. Opossum makes it sound like he's irish or something. Why do they gotta go changing everything?
It’s so cute!
So glad they were reunited! NGL, thought he was gonna chuck him over to Mama at first!
I’m afraid this is a repost, about 2-3 weeks ago as the first time it was posted
possum mad as shit yo you know we trying to get away from them bad ass for kids
“Weeeeeeeee”
That’s not my child!
Is it normal to want to pet everything furry? I mean, a polar bear would literally eat me, but I still want to pet it. The reaction my brain has to that baby possum is, "pet this, now."
These animals are the best and are so misunderstood. They never bother anyone and they eat ticks. Fuck ticks! Also, they don't get rabbies. Fuck rabies as well.
YO Ma! You forgot one!
Sleeper agent has been implanted within their ranks.
Thank you for being you!
They look "scary" but simultaneously strangely huggable. If having possums as companions was 100% okay, I feel like my cats would thoroughly enjoy the company
Just waiting for the dude to get creamed by a car. Then play dead.
Nice.  Serendipitous for baby possum and positive karma unto you.
Possums are my favorite animal🥺
Fun fact: possums are immune to rabies
Very sweet man.
Wait - are they possums or opossums?
The baby possum who had a big fight and was leaving his/her family, saying, " I'll never see you guys again."
It’s 2020. Can we wait until next year to touch wild animals again?
These animals gross me tf out,

But awesome of this guy to help the lil guy
Possum is like "Oh shit fuck fuck fuck... Oh... Oh...Never mind then. Thanks man"
They are the only marsupial native to North America and they have 13 nipples arranged in a circle and they’re tails are made of the same scale skin as chicken feet. And they rarely carry rabies because their core body temperature is so low - about 95F degrees.  

And they’re _opossum_ with an “O.”

Thanks, Garbage Brain University.
He's like wait wait wait whatcha doin, why you liftin...... Oh, nice, this is not so bad.
I honestly was expecting one pissed off momma when he approached the rest of the babies to lunge at the camera.
Sorry if that was me that would have been a pet possum.
Good job!!
They can’t spread rabies and they eat ticks. These animals deserve more love.
Possums are cute
My mom hates possums because they look disgusting.  Only some do.
Most are cute and smol
Hello, this is your Daily Dose of Internet
oof. braver than me.
Damn the little guy almost became a Phish song
Thank you for such kindness.
This was a post on here already but still a great video.
I hope my future husband is like this
A good man lives in peace.
Weee.   I'm flying!
It came from over the hedge.
he then immediately started flexing the uber air to his siblings
How the fuck did the human find both baby and mama?
I hope he managed to keep after that. Sometimes the slow just get left behind.
WEEEEEEEEE
The little guys probably wondering "how'd I do that?"
It would be so cool if they could recognize the solid he just did for her and her baby... but they are probably just confused and scared
Repost
Sweet baby. If possible, please never pick them up by the tail. The tail is attached directly to their spine and can hurt them and even paralyze them. It's perfectly safe to handle their bodies behind their front legs.
Yeet that bitch!!
Ohh possum.....
God damn, possums are cute af
jokes on him that wasnt his mother that was his mortal enemy and you just helped him set his course for revenge
Not all earthlings are worthless
😊
Am I just being delusional, or is everybody spelling opossum wrong?
Hello COVID-20
I HAVE THE CHILD!
gud dood
Curious, won't picking them up like that hurt them?
Im not sure about with possums but Im going to go off my knowledge with rats and say this as a friendly PSA: 

Generally, you don't want to pick animals up from the tail like this; if you must, then try to grab closer to the base of the tail. Grabbing toward the end puts the entire weight of the body on it and can result in "degloving", where the skin of the tail rips off. At least for rats, this is considered to be very painful.
r/humansbeingbros
I needed this.
We need more of this in the world.
possoms are good animals to have around.
Turns out it was rival possum family. They killed him. On a real note, possums are so slow. I was being stalked by one in my backyard one night. I could feel eyes on me just outside the light of the fire. I shined my light and what do you know? Two little beady eyes glistening in the darkness. I began sprinting at them and all of the sudden it broke out into what I’d call a “possum sprint” (slow motion) the other direction. I actually felt bad just how easy it was to stay on his ass as he looked for a way out. He found a downed tree in the woods and climbed up it. There was this tiny ass branch he saw fit to try and climb away from me, but it just put him at eye level with me and ended. He was caught. Like way too big to be on this tiny branch hanging vertical in the air. We had a chat and I was like dude please don’t watch me in the darkness, so I don’t have to chase your ass again. It was kind of sad.
Please someone reverse this
Good job, guy.
Question, does it hurt the possum if you hold it by its tail like that?
Genuine kindness
"Thanks mate!"
This makes me smile every time I see it.
Pith possum, super dynamic possum of tomorrow
aaand this is a cool spin
because that’s what heroes do
I love this. North Americas only marsupial deserves love and respect!
I needed to see this right now.
Because that’s what heroes do...
HERO!
He got lost!
My dogs bring a possum to my door a few times a year. They don’t hurt them and the possums just play dead until the dogs are inside.
Isn’t it called an opossum?
This man is a gentleman and a scholar
“You should’ve dieedd.. you should’ve rolled over and DIED...”
Maybe he got inspired by rat from ratatoullie and wanntedto follow his passion.
Damn you human you brought him back to his  family. Now he  will have to join the  family business!
I call the big one bitey.
You probably shouldn't interfere with nature like that.  That possum may be differently abled, possibly sick, etc.  Remember Darwinism still exists outside of the human race.
They aren't so "cute" when they are full grown and you walk into the bathroom one nite, with cotton fruit of the loons the   only thing between  you and the damn thing, drinking water out of the toilet like a dog. When it turns its head and hisses at you, you get totally wigged out. It somehow found/made a way to get inside thru a cloths dryer vent. And it had been a very hot and dry summer.
Won’t the mother become hostile to him since he has a human scent?
Not gonna lie, I thought he was gonna yeet it
[Everyone liked that]
#RÜÑ WHÍŁÉ ŸØÜ ŚTÎÍŁŁ ĆÁÑ
As cute as this is. I hope ppl are staying indoors. Civid ain't over yet. Plz fellow Americans show some self control!
But how did he know where his family was?
"Mama! I discovered jet boost power today!"
awesome
The Animals handbook:

99% of the time humans are generally murderous assholes. 

1%  of the time they kind of suprise you.
Narrator : Derek just wanted to escape.
Everybody liked that!
lil bro was like "weeee im flyin" when he got picked up
Male marsupials that have a pouch use it to protect its genitals from getting entangled in vegetation
I killed one of these on Christmas Eve because my dog brought it into the house and terrified me... I’ve never stopped feeling bad about that...
Well his mom seems like a real asshole just leaving her baby behind like that
Take it home. Forbidden Pokémon
Opossum.
The baby possum who had been living under our shed for the past few months passed away the other day after being hit by a car :(
Meanwhile, my dog brings opossums who play dead to the porch in our back yard
While everyone is complaining about rabies, I am just over here like damn mom you left your kid behind. #Igetit #wasthatonebeinganasstoo
Babies look straight up like rats....I dig it.
Momma opossum: now say thank you too the nice man

Baby opossum: NO!!!!
Surprised that the possum didn't get scare and run away?
Wow, surprised you knew to pick it up by the tail, most people ive seen have gone for the back of the neck, ya know, like a cat
Awwww good human!
Plot twist. The possum was randomly plopped into another family!
I thought he was gon yeet it
Good job kindred spirit.  I do the same when I find snakes in the road.
That's cute. That's nice.
Why didnt you put him in the trash?
forbidden cat rescue mission
I can’t stop laughing because I keep imagining this possum just twirling around by its tail at mach speed
I used to do that in Roller Coaster Tycoon
2020 had me thinking dude was gonna smash the little fella with a bat.
Gg
So am I the only one who thinks possums are really cute?
I dont think he should have pulled it with the tail
Opossums are really good people
The little possum so dumb I swear.
best (most uplifting) thing i’ve seen all week, thank you for posting
Man I wish you could have them as pets :(( such mild creatures
Hey
Is it an opossum or possum?
Hope someone cross posted this to r/HumansBeingBros
My favorite!
That’s what we need more of
ngl, for a moment I thought he was gonna yeet that possum in the thicket
Love this! Thank you kind stranger.
Anyone wanted to see him yeet it
Yes!
“Mother! Mother! God saved me, Mother!”
Making my way back home
Been a long day
Time to play with my
Fluffy dog
Possums are Australian and Eurasian. That's an opossum.

(the "o" stands for "freedom")
Little things add up to big things! Win-win!
Hey!

Hey, lady!

You forgot something, lady!

LANA!
Mom possum "that ones not mine though..."
I’ve got a little family of possums making the rounds every night in my yard here in Austin. They are very quiet, unobtrusive and clean animals. Also sort of charming when you get to know them - I hope they feel the same about me.
Possum lives matter
So shines a good deed in a weary world.
Zoro if he was a possum
Mother opossum: AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! AAH!


The guy with the baby opossum returning it: WHY ARE YOU RUNNING!? WHY ARE YOU RUNNING!?
I would want to help too but I’m too afraid of rabies.
So awesome.
A la grande le puse Cuca
Grabbing em by thier lil tails is EXACTLY how you should! 

Same for mice that need liberating as well.

Good job on the rescuer!
Idk, I feel it was taking some time off from the family.
Thanks for coming in clutch for him or her
I see that people are saying they’re immune to rabies, is there another common phenomenon they incur that would cause one to not be scared of 2 barking boxers? It just kinda stood there midday hissing
"hey...hey...where are you taking me...no..no..not back there..please don't take me back to mother...she is not who you think she is"
- possom, probably.
What about The Prime Directive? Ok, the lil guy was cute so I'll let it slide this once.
Respect life
I love em possums are cute awwww
He was helllla far behind lol
Plot twist the possum is a paid actor
Oh my god hes just a widdle baby!!
Sorry guys, my uber was late
Sums it up perfectly https://youtu.be/uNe7x13q2MU
🎥 We Live to Play Another Day - YouTube
What the fuck is that? Looks nothing like a possum.
I love people who do this. It shows they have a heart.
I don’t understand how people can think possums are ugly.
My chickens do not thank you
Wouldn’t it be crazy if he returned him to the wrong family?
I hate to be the person to say this but thats an opossum, possums live in Australia and honestly they aint as cute as opossums
I've seen enough I'm satisfied
They seem really chill about you being around.
This makes my heart smile.
What a beautiful human.
Mamma was like.. I told his little ass I was gonna leave him if he didn't quit goofing off.. Now look at him, crying in the road, telling strangers I'm a bad momma..
Common mistake. It's opposum, not possum
LoL. I like u. Krasavchik😂
They don’t climb from the tail. He could have gotten badly injured. but thanks for rescuing him he would have gotten hit without rescue.
Possums don’t hang by their tails like in Bambi. They’re too heavy and they might dislocate their tail
When he picked up the possum by the tail I though he was gonna yet it. Look at the Subreddit. This is r/aww not r/abruptchaos that God. lol
how did he know where the family was tho?
That’s a better human than I am. Cute thing would have been my pet IMMEDIATELY
This guy has some serious self discipline to not just take him home and cuddle and squeeze him and call him George.
“How far that little candle throws its beams! So shines a good deed in a naughty world.” ~ William Shakespeare.
For a second there I thought he was going to throw it across the road!! Whew...
The timid little steps back that it takes at the beginning as the man approaches just break my heart
Grab it by the neck! That’s how animal parents grab their kids
That thing was far out from the pack, wow.
Opossum
Awesome opossum
Please rename this sub to r/bestkarmafarmingsubredditwithreposts 

Thanks
r/HumansBeingBros
Isn’t this an opossum...?
You are a good person!!
Man has amazing eyesight. Kudos for being a good human.
Darwin does NOT approve.
Aussie possums are so much cuter. 

Btw this might be the only creature where this is the case.
u/behave_in_ also you
This video made my day.
Thanks for this. I witnessed two ducklings that couldn't keep up across a four lane today.  I had no way of getting to them in time and it didn't end well.  Fuck you if you speed and have little awareness of the road
That's so amazing of you! But ewwww
Imagine how much trash those lil possum hands will touch now... Thank you for helping him back to his mama. Now he has a chance to become a tiny trash king.
Opossums are scruffy, attempt to appear as ornery as possible, and in general look and behave as if they've met the world half-way on not giving a shit.  

How is it not America's national animal?
Feel good story of the day. Thanks!
Fuck man. That guy is fucking adorable.
The babies are so freaking cute. Two years ago, I had a problem with possums in my house. Woke up to one at the foot of my bed, on my birthday. I think I escorted at least 6 out, including two babies.
Wild possums only live 1 to 2 years.
How did you find the mom so quickly?
Lil derp was barely even scared too :3
I cannot believe they have a bad rep 
I think they are one of the cutest sassiest creatures around
It's videos like these that still give me hope that people have empathy.
Butterfly Effect!
Awesome!! Thank you for helping the little guy!! You did perfect picking him up by the tail!!!
Don't pick it up by the tail!!! That hurts them
Love this bro
ur infecteddd
I wonder how animals feel when another animal can just casually pick it up from the tail like that.
This is beautiful. I've looked at this for five hours now.
Remind me of Mario kart, LAKITU to the rescue.
As soon as he picked it up, momma must of thought that was it her baby
Awwwwwwwwwww yayyyy!!! Love that man!
I'd buy 10 possums they're like the guardians of houses
Does it hurt them to carry them by the tail?
Omg so freakin cute
My kind of guy
Get this man a medal! Heart of gold
This guy is a hero! 

Possums are adorable.
Lol watch it be the wrong family
I would have totally done the same but at the edge of the road just yeeted that thing somewhere in the general direction of the mom
Plot twist: wrong possum family
* rabies has entered the chat *
Serious question. Is possum and opossum just used interchangeably? I'm lost
Was waiting for mama to pop up and fill the screen with  teeth and snarls.
That's not a possum it's a f#ck*ng rat
Hey, I know you need help, but lemme get my phone out here real quick, gotta get them sweeeeet internet points!
How did he know exactly where the mum was? This looks staged. 🤷
Who gives back a free cat?
I honestly thought he was about to yeet the possum into the woods i didnt read the subreddit at first
How did he know where to put the possum. He walked to the opposite side of the street
nice
Mom used to be a rehabber, and the possums were always my favorite animals she worked with.
So... you can just handle baby possums like that?
Gah. Possums are stinkin cute.
I call the big one Spiney
The possums like “oh no a giant hooman, please don’t hurt me... *backs up*” then 20 seconds later “YAY mommy”
Me: a opossum!

My brain: an O- possum!
That little back step was so cute, lol..

It was like “what u doing human?”
So when do we get to keep them as pets?
Awwpossum
Plot twist it was running away from his family.
Should’ve asked where their destination was and took them all together he/she more likely to get lost again
You're fucking up natural selection
Immediately crawls back into the street. *sigh*
This may be staged.
So cute
That's how the diseases spread.
So does this seem staged to anyone but me? No way he saw the baby on the street and then so quickly spotted the parent.
Human being a bro
r/brosbeingbros
I have definitely seen this video before. Probably on Reddit as far as I can remember.
Sweet video.  Good hearts 💕  good job friends
I thought he was bout to YEET!!!
I'm OK. You can grab me by the tail. NOT FUNNY!
"Having trouble keeping up" seems like an understatement lol
r/reverseanimalrescue
Thank you for helping the little darling
"Great, who's this kid? Another mouth to feed?!"
„Can you believe it? After months of thorough preparation, I finally got away from my toxic family, but then a mean giant suddenly grabbed me from the tail and brought me right back to them! So unlucky I swear...“
I have a possum family that comes back every year to my rental house. (I used to live there.)

Basically, there’s a female that comes every year and lives under the porch and has babies. :)

She always enjoyed my cat’s leftovers (we always had an outdoor stray living on the back porch that we would adopt, none of my cats are ever outdoors.)

One day I was watching her eat through the glass door, noticing how fat she was, and that was when I saw she had *corners* on her fat belly!

Soon after that, I saw her and a lot of babies tightrope walking down the top of a chain link fence!
When he got to the otherside of the road I thought he was about to chuck it in the woods. 

I need help.
Most popular repost ever?!
So cool!
Love these guys,  fed a wild once with a welders glove on.  Gave her a succulent peach and we had a good hour of bonding.  Ended up making a home in the back yard. Would leave her scrapes from time to time.  Had babies and everything.  100% would have another one or 3 in the yard.
Omg they are so cute! I love possums. They don’t deserve the hate they get.
From the gamers:Yeet yeet yeeeeet
Awh, I thought the lil guy would run away? It’s good he went back to his mom!!
Had to check the subreddit halfway through cause I thought he was gonna yeet it into the forest.
Plot twist: was a second family of possums.
Surprised it didn't bite him and surprised the family didn't run off with him walking up on them.
I think opossums are so cute. I saw one in my yard one night (we scared each other) and I said "hey baby" and he/she hissed at me and booked it. Fair enough!
yay
Inshallah for that small kindness he is granted paradise
Me when I get separated from my mom in the store.
Look at how cute this little critter is
I'm happy the guy got the possum to it's mother. Could have been risky the only time they bite are if they are cornered grabbed or defending there babies. They look scary but they are like babies with way more teeth.
I find these little things cute. I don't understand the hate towards them. However, I've never seen one IRL so I can't know.
+1000 Charisma
"hey bitch, you forgot your kid!"
Guy moves away baby possum from family. Guy takes phone out and starts recording. The rest is history...
What a gentleman!
I appreciate the way he held the critter.
Possums are friends with rccoons
TFW you cant find "mom" in the "grocery store" and a store "employee" has to help you.
Maybe ur was the wrong family?
Maybe it wanted to get tf away from her??
I just don't see how she knew where a mother was and babies were. Vs. Possibly snatching one and staging it seems easier. Plus we the vanity of influencers everywhere these days. I'm just thinking its not something to rule out.
TIL baby possums are smarter than human kids.
I like how the baby possum is just chill with a random stranger picking it up and putting it with its family like if it knew that it would happen
A possum once randomly started cohabitating with one of our barn cats. Straight up shared a bed with him. Turned out she was pregnant. Our cat was super chill around the possum, which was out of his nature
 They lived together until she gave birth and then she left. Possums are gentle creatures with great personalities.
The little Guy just accepts the lift
Those possums must be so confused
A couple of young ones found their way into my house once. I had no idea how to deal with them because they made a lot of hostile noise but didn't try to bite or scratch when I picked em up and put them out.
I thought he was going to yeeet
Nope.
Great video, but that's an Opossum. Possums are from Australia and are a totally different animal.
The claw is our master!
That's a nice human
When he picked the possum up i imagined he would just throw it in the air and *yeehaw bitch*
Why do I feel like it peed
A wonderful troupe of super rats
Possum is staring at him like how my 3 year old stares at me,  
*You gonna carry me or what*
They are a massive pest in New Zealand and cost us millions of dollars a year trying to control them.  I think you'd get skinned alive if someone saw you helping one.
It just playing itself.
May good karma forever shower itself upon you, friend.
How you recognized that you gave that possum to his own family??
