A beautiful couple! Love, The bartender :) hi!
Congratulations and he looks great for 80! Wish him and his wife many years of happiness ❤
Your dad is hot at 80
What’s their love story??
Your dad looks better at 80 than I do at 47!
He married a fox!! Would never guess either of them are 80!
He is freaking crushing it. God I hope I’m doing that well at 80.
Holy shit they look so in love it’s amazing.
Your dad is clearly a vampire masquerading as an 80-year-old man
My grandpa got married when he was 83. Problem was he wanted his entire extended family and her entire extended family and all his friends. We had to limit him to 500 people. It was the greatest party of all time.
No way your dad's 80. I refuse to believe it.
Beautiful couple! They look so happy together. 💕 Congratulations and best wishes to both.
He looks fucking amazing for 80! You go on with your bad self!
Congrats to your dad!! And echoing others, he looks amazing. I don't look that good at 37.
I hope you gave him some good advice.   80 years is a long time to wait to lose his virginity.
Congratulations to your Dad!
Oh my gosh your dad doesn’t look 80 years old. He looks like a love interest from the Golden Girls, I love it!
Congrats to them and happy birthday to him!
Lovely couple. Best wishes to them!
Congratulations!
Aw cute post! And you’re a tool fan too 🤘
Congrats to your Dad!
What a lovely couple! May they have many happy years together
Very pretty gold and white dresses!
His wife looks like Dee from Always Sunny in 30 years
God Bless him! Congratulations to them both!
Hey! I have that same shirt and I am technically a fraction of his age. He wears it well.
God damn dude. Your dad at 80 is living a more complete life then I am at 36. Plus, I'm probably in more pain when I walk then he is. Back pain is a bitch, and I shouldn't have grey hair yet. 

I mean, my birth certificate says 1983, but I'm fairly certain I'm probably 95 years old.
Is that dress yellow,golden or blue?
Is that dress white and gold or black and blue?
Can your dad drop the skin care routine?? 🙏🏼
Why the fuck does your 80 year old dad look a hundred times more handsome than 25 year old me?
Sweet Dee ❤️ Roger Stone

Sorry.
That dude fucks
Mazel tov!
He looks 50! Congratulations to both of them
Damn your Dads really Handsome for 80
Saw their picture yesterday when they got married. Very nice update, thank you! I hope your dad and his wife have many years of health and happiness together.
You dad and his wife look so happy! I wish them all the best! Love is for every age. It must be so wonderful to see you dad so joyful. I am happy for you too!
Haha! He did something that I was fortunate enough to pull of earlier in my life. My anniversary is the day before my birthday - I never forget it.
They look so happy! It brought tears to my eyes. Happy ones for them and maybe a few sad ones for me. I’m not sure I’ll ever find love like that but at least I know I’ve got 30 ish years to do it.
I've heard about a retirement community near Phoenix that is a 3 to 1 ratio with single females out numbering males so if I can't find a wife now I got my retirement years to look forward to some good Viagra times
Congratulations to your dad and to you for your good taste in music, judging by username 👍
This is the only post I saw when I got on reddit tonight. I'm going to sleep now so that 100% of what I've seen is heartwarming and full of love.
Total gilf what a catch
I must be getting old because that is not what I expect and 80 year old to look like.
And he doesn't look a day over 79
He doesn't look like 80. He looks way younger and handsome too.
I really think we're aging slower as a whole. While not everyone is, some are, and eventually maybe in a hundred years, 90 is the new 70. I also see late 30 and 40 year olds looking 10 years younger more than ever before. 

Anyway congrats
> Honey, you don't look a day older than the day we got married!
Holy shit. Your dad and mine could have been brothers with how similar they look, I can't stop looking at this.

I never post but I felt compelled. Cherish every moment with your homeboy and tell him I said nice pull!
80? Is that a typo? He doesn’t look a day over 60.
At first i read my dad got marinaded yesterday lmao
Lookin damned good for 80!
 Rig your dad looks young af.
So there's still hope for me
First of all there's absolutely no way he's 80.

Second of all, nice repost nerd. Reverse image search this shit.
A young 80!
Looking good for 80
I'd give this an award but I'm poor. So here's an upvote! They look lovely!
80!!?! Are you kidding me? Fuck. They both look goooood.
He looks so young for 80! Looking good, Dad! Lmao
Damn. Looks good for eighty!
How many Latinos were in the party?
How the F is he 80?! Dude literally looks in his 60s.
Plot twist, these photos are from his first marriage, 20 years ago.
Had a couple come in just like this looking to book event space. When I asked what the event was the wife chimed in "it's his 93rd birthday!". He
 looked like he was late 60's at best! 

They booked the space and it was his 93rd birthday. He was coherent, cognizant, sharp and ambulating like a man 40 years his junior. It was insane, so much so that it had left a mark on me so indelible.
Your new step-mom looks like an older version of Kaitlin Olson. Muy bonita. Your dad is a lucky man. I wish them nothing but happiness.
Damn thats one healthy 80 year old, aging better than tom cruise
Holy Fuck. 80?
Your dad would make a great Matlock! I'll check back with you in October.
I'm going to need his skin care routine.
Yesterday was my our 6th anniversary, tell your dad congrats!
Congratulations! I just can’t help but mention that in the right picture she reeeeeaaaally reminds me of an old Dee from Its Always Sunny haha
You know they're fucking in whatever way they can
80?!??! He looks MAYBE 60!! That’s what I call aging well!
The man is a fucking genius, he's never going to forget his anniversary.
God Bless the happy couple!

I am an athiest and didn't have anything better I could think of, except for lots and lots of blessings and good wishes.
he looks 50 and his hair looks 70
Good genes.
Damn, he looks really damn good for 80! He looks so vibrant and full of life and energy. Congrats to you all!
Wow I’ve never seen someone look that good at 80! What a stud
poggers
That shirt, those shorts and those sandals look comfy as fuck. Peak dad unlocked.
How do i get karma
Dudes 80 going on 60
It’s never too late
Fuckin hell I hope I look as spry at 80!
Best. Weekend. Ever.
Congratulations! He does not look a day over 60.
The dress looks blue to me, does anyone see it as gold?
Beautiful I wish you many years of happiness
Congratulations. That’s a beautiful thing to see
Your new mom is a fox!
Is octogenarian porn a thing? Asking for a friend.
God's blessings
Just goes to show there’s no age limit on love
Nice. Congrats to your dad! He looks younger than 80.
There goes the inheritance
Damm what a fucking DILF
He married Dee from Always Sunny
"I want to spend next Tuesday with you."
I turned 7 in reddit years today.
Married at 79?
Well aged, like a fine cheese. Really though, so wonderful.
Yup, I'd think he was in his early sixties.
Sorry to bring it up again but it’s totally black and blue.
Damn he looks good at 80. Bet he was a stud in his younger days
How the fuck is that dude 80?   
He's 60 at best!
I would genuinely be willing to pay a real lot of money to secure my spot in some surgical procedure that allows me to look that good at 80.
Good God he looks fantastic for 80
If I look so fit and able when I’m 70 I’ll be happy. They could easily pass for 60
Your dad looks incredible for 80!congrats btw!
That is the 50-somethingest looking 80 year old I've ever seen.
And I've been an RGN for 15 years!

What's he doing? Stem cells? Placenta smoothies?
Dude looks 60. Tops.
Looks 60
New plan! Instead of worrying that I wonkt be married before I turn 40, I'll give myself another 40 years to wait for someone to ring my doorbell! Gratz to your dad!
The man looks pretty damn good for 80!
He looks like the youngest 80 year old I've ever seen.
What a lovely gold and white dress she's wearing.
Your dads posture and energy at 80 is amazing. Dye that hair he would pass as in his 50’s.
He looks incredible for being 80. Congratulations to him!
Is the dude that posted this a day old?
I hope no one had covid

Can't even stand six feet away from the minister
The dress on right somehow looks to me like a missing texture from games...
This guy fucks
Doubtful that a 1 day old could post to Reddit. Nice try OP.

/s 

They look so adorable
 not social distancing
Slinging dick at 80 like a Doctor!
So you're just 1 day old and surfing reddit already? Nice.
There appears to be a typo in the title regarding his age
Wow. Birthday and honeymoon anal on the same night.  
I suggest you buy your new stepmom a soft cushion.
That’s awesome he waited so long to get married. How many years are they waiting to have kids?
One final ‘fuck you’ to your mom




/s
And now you have a new sister
Double the sex
I'm so happy for him. Mazel tov
That middle-class life we all wish we had. None of us poor people are going to make it to 80 and look that good lol
Your dad looks 55
May they have many happy years together.
Shit he looks better than I do and I’m a newborn fuckin’ baby!
Wrong sub
Your dad is 80 and he still fucks! Never forget that.
I think you misspelled 60 there...
80? You sure that’s not a typo? I hope I look that good at his age.
If you could keep updating us on your dads life that would be great.  Love it
LOVE. ALWAYS. WINS.
Good for him. Congratulations.
Good for them
There those aliens go again bragging about their short gestation periods and rapid maturity.
As pretty as the day you married her.
Damn I would’ve guessed 65
No way is he 80! But good for them. Hope they are so happy together.
O.G. OctoGenerian
Wow he looks so young!
Yes Congrats and your dad looks quite spry as well !
Hell yeah!
Oh wonderful.💓

Congratulations to your dad and i wish them a very happy married life.
I want to have drinks with your dad!
Yes! Salute!
Yay! They now share a wedding anniversary with my sister-in-law. It was virtual but now they have a huge honeymoon fund for whenever travel is reasonable again!
That outfit on the right is peak retired dad attire. 

Source: my dad has the same shirt.

Congrats to your dad and his lady!
He doesn't look a day older than 65, tops. Good for him. Congratulations =)
With age comes wisdom.  He'll never forget his wedding anniversary.  It's always one day before his birthday.
He looks damn good for 80!
Your dad is a a babe. Congrats to his lady!
Holy cow he looks amazing! Congratulations to your dad.
You're dad is Patrick Duffy?!?
That’s so cute! Congratulations, I wish them nothing but the best.
Yay, dad!!!
Hell yeah! I wanted to wait till I was 80 to get married too!!
Happy birthday to him and also congrats☺️💐
Tony Bennett still got game
I hope they have many more years of love and laughter ❤
Dude looks like he's barely 65. He must do alot of push ups, sit ups, and drink plenty of juice.
What can he do tomorrow to keep up this pace... Get a degree? 

What about 20 days from now? Probably solve world hunger.
He is tremendously great for 80
He doesn't look a day ovet 60
80? I thought he was in his 50s! Congratulations!
Such a bright and happy thing to see in these times ❤️ I wish you all the best!
Congratulations! How lovely!  


PS: How dare he look that good at 80 and have more hair on his scalp than 34 year old me, Lol!
Your dad looks like George W. Bush's smarter, handsome, older brother. Btw idk how old the former president is.
Congratulations to your Dad and his lovely bride!
That dude is not 80
Fuck, let me look like that at 80.
What color is that dress?
He looks amazing for 80! Congratulations to your dad and his beautiful bride❤
There’s hope for us all!
I'm so happy for them and wish them profound happiness and contentment!
Is that dress blue or gold?
Wow crazy! He looks good for 80.
how in the hell is your dad 80?! he looks amazing and so does his wife! congrats!!
Awww - I want my mom to date again so much!!!
They look so happy and adorable. Congratulations to them :))
Your dad looks like 40. Thats crazy
That's wonderful! They look great. Congrats!
Well this confirms it, I still have time.
Your dad looks fantastic.
now that’s how you prove 2020 wrong
I like her gold and blue dress!
What's his secret?
He looks like he’s only fifty congrats!
Tomorrow is divorce and the day after that...
Dad's got himself a great head of hair.
He looks very happy and his parents are so proud.
That’s so wonderful congratulations!!!
Congratulations! How and when did they meet? Nice to see happy images to cheer the world up!
My wife guessed him at 63.
Damn he looks like 60 jeez
Good looking couple
He looks fantastic for an 80-year-old!
He’s EIGHTY?!?!
Damn, they're a gorgeous couple op! Congrats!
They look so happy. And his wife looks amazing in her wedding dress.
Congratulations!!
He looks pretty good for 80.
Congratulations!!
best part about all this is they probably can share each other's aarp discounts now.
Holy shit, your dad looks *incredible* for 80!  Congrats to the both of them!
Damn, wheres the fountain of youth that he is drinking from?? Im 46 and I look like SHIT compared to him!!! 

Congrats!!!
Wow!!! They look fabulous!
Aged like fine wine!
Congratulations!! They look so happy!!
They looks so happy❤️ plus your dad needs to drop his skincare routine he could pass for 10 years younger
He has great posture!  They both look like they are in bliss. The way she looks at him is everything.
So lovely! Happy birthday and happy wedding! Long live love!
Are you sure he’s 80? Both of them look late 50’s to early 60’s which is amazing
They look happy and healthy.  Best wishes to all of you and congrats on the gene lottery!
Cute couple!
Your dad looks amazing for 80. Congrats to him and the bride!
wow i’ll be 80 in 2078
I hope for a long healthy life for your dad. . . Oh wait
thats a nice yellow dress
Damn, I heard marriage will age you fast, but damn.
He doesn't look a day over 70, smashing fella! Congratulations to him, her and you all! ❤️
He looks GOOD. I would place him mid 60’s

-a healthcare worker that sees old ppl all day erryday
He looks great. I need to go for a run.
Lovely couple
I am happy for your dad and hope your family has a wonderful day
Wow he looks amazing at 80 .. sending him blessings on a wonderful new life
They both look great and I only hope to be that happy when I get to his age
They look truly happy together!
I hope they have many happy years together!
Ok, dad! I see you with the Birkenstocks!! He is living LARGE honey
Gangster
wtf he does not look 80!  wow!
He looks 50, congrats.
Wow. Would’ve guessed 50-60 something. He looks AMAZING! And healthy. 
Take of yourself everyone! End up like this guys Dad
They look happy! This gives me hope.
He definitely fucks.
Just baning' out those chievements eh
Congratulations!
He looks great for 80.
Happy birthday and congratulations to your dad! Mine just turned 79, I worry about him everyday.
This gives me hope
he legit looks unreal for 80

like jfc who still looks good in shorts at that age
Happy birthday to your dad!!! Today was my birthday too!!!
damn this way he is gonna outlive us all
Those people are not 80.  I need confirmation.   60s, sure.  80?  I'll have what they're having.
Hey, my little sister got married yesterday too!
Once a playa, always a playa.
Never too late for love! Such a cute couple!
Looking good for 80
He looks 40
80! Whoa - some good genes there!
Congrats to them and all of their family.
Dude your dad looks younger than my 60 y/o dad!!
Glad he did it before he got too old! May they be blessed with many joyful years together.
Congratulations to your Father and his new bride on both events!
And to you as well on these joyful occasions. 
You all seem very happy.
They look so happy together. I'm glad they were able to find each other!
Her dress looks great, gold and white are my favorite colors
he looks atleast 56-60, he does not AT ALL look 80
Is she wearing The Dress?
Silver fox! Your Dad doesn’t look anywhere near 80. 
He and his wife look so happy, what a super cute couple.
EIGHTY?! He looks almost half that!
Looking good for 80!
Congratulations 🎉🎈
Holy smokes. I’d say he’s 65 tops. Congratulations to everyone.
Your dad looks like if Bill Clinton aged a lot better
who's 80?
Wait this subreddit isn't just about dogs and cats I'm confused
She looks amazing in horizontal stripes!  Not many people pull it off!
Congrats to them!!!
Wow congrats
That is cheating, he will never forget the wedding date.
80 is the new 69.
You’re dad and I share a birthday!!! You’re dad looks great! Very cute couple! So sweet.
80 looks good on him. Congrats
Your dad looks 65 tops. Smokin!
Congrats to the happy couple :)
@80! That’s awesome! Good for you
Fuck, looking good for 80 my man
Meanwhile I can't even get a text back. Feelsbadman.

Congratulations though!
Happy Birthday to your father and a long happy marriage to them both!
Congratulations to the lovely couple!
Your dad is 80? He look so young
So if I make sure my kid is a Tool fan will I look this good if I make it to 80?
Is this a JoJo reference? Never mind that I’m happy he can still find love at that age
Looking damn good for 80!
happy rl cake day old pal!
Gives me hope...wishing them much happiness...
What a couple of young kids in love!
He looks so good for 80
My grandfather had a tough 70s, and passed away at 81. Your dad is kicking ass.

Please, everyone, try to take care of yourself later in life. Not even peak physical shape, but maintain a decent weight, rehabilitate according to doctor's orders, and stay mobile.
No way he is 80!!!
They both look stunning!
god bless him
He looks more 50 than 80
Legend has it, he was born 2 days ago.
She’s a fox
Left hand side photo - true love.

Right hand side photo - pure happiness.
Jesus I hope I look as fit as your dad does when I’m 80
Sweet so there’s still hope for me.
Hell ya get it son!!!
That's a damn good looking 80.
<3
Congrats to birth of then. They seem pretty happy and a perfect couple.
I'm sorry bud,  hate to break it to you,  but,  i think you're adopted.
Congrats on the genes
80?!?!? Is your dad a time traveler?! Congratulations to him and his wife!!!
I don’t want to think about that honeymoon....
More people need to see this. You are never too old
That cradle robbing old snake, she couldn’t be a day over 65.
That's perfect for 80
So how come you know all this?
If only all of us could look forward to such a long life. Sadly it's only a reality for the wealthy.
Good to there's hope for us single folk approaching middle age. Thanks OP
Pretty spry for 80. Your dad must take care of himself!
What a fine man for his age
That’s great!
I want to know how secret because he sure looks damn good for 80! And very happy.
You're the heir to Duncan's Toy Chest?!?!?!
He’s a handsome man and they make a great looking couple.  Best wishes to them both
Rock on playa
He looks a bit like Prince Charles.
Holy fuck, he looks good for 80. Tell him to drop the skincare routine.
Dude. I hope Im a stud like that at 80.
She’s a fox and he’s a babe
Congratulation dad
[removed]
Congratulations!
Make sure they don't get knocked up right away. They need time for each other first.
Congratulations! Such a lovely couple ♥️ I wish you and them all the happiness in the world
Looks like she only asked for his manager under
Congrats to your dad
Damn you’re dad looks great
I’ve seen one too many Freak Show/Tales from the Crypt to trust that lady. Congrats tho.
Congrats! Idk if anyone's ever mentioned it before, but your dad looks a bit like George W Bush
Get it!
You sure he's 80? A lot of people don't look that good at 60...
Congratulations.  Many more years of happiness to both of them
This is kinda what I needed to see. Went through a recent breakup of sorts and I've always had a fear of ending up alone/dying alone. 

I know 24 is plenty young but for whatever reason I'm so scared of ending up alone. 

The gyms in my state have opened back up though luckily so it's time to get back in there and continue the daily grind. 

Thank you.
Her dress is tripping me the fuck out
Congrats 👍👍👏👏
they’re gonna have a divorce in like three years
There's still hope for me I guess haha
He looks a lot more younger than he actually is, my wishes go to this man and his now wife, I wish both of your parents many years of joy to come.
Live your best life young man.
There goes your inheritance.
Liar. That man is like 50
He looks like he is 50.
He looks awesome!
Your dad looking Hella fine for an 80 year old man!
What a week for him!
They look like a lovely couple, but her dress in the second image looks like a photoshop job, it contrasts so hard. 

Wish them well
Wish them the best.
Hope they live a long life
My grandpa is almost 80 and he's still working at the clinic...
I really hope i look like that at 80, what is his secret?
Say happy birthday to him from me
Florida rich
He is a fresh 80! Congratulations !
Does she come with step-sisters too?
thanks for you
Goals
Best wishes to them, good health and joy.
There goes your inheritance...
Tell him we all say Congrats!
Say goodbye to your inheritance
Are the cute animals behind the boomers
Your dad looks like all the men in boat commercials.
Handsome fuckin guy
Congratulations to them, such a beautiful couple. And now he'll never forget his anniversary, unless he forgets his birthday. uWu
I ain't saying she's a gold digger...

(I'm literally not saying she's a gold digger. Congratulations!)
You’re beautiful and I’m so glad you found each other
If I look half as good at 80 I’ll be happy
Wtf these guys look 60 thats crazy
That's a good looking 80 year old
Happiness know no age. Congratulations to them
That is the look of a proud and accomplished man. I don’t know him, but I’m glad that he’s happy.
Marriage gives a new life to both, your Dad just turned 1day old today. Warm regards to the lovely couple! ❤️
First time or no
.
He looks fucking amazing for 80 wtf
Maybe you can have a little brother
He looks amazing!!! He also looks like real happy guy.
They look truly happy
Your dad is a stone cold silver fox! And his new wife is sooooooo lovely! Congrats!
Ah I thought I read he got married yesterday and it was their 80th anniversary. Had to have married pretty young if that was the case
Absolute Chad-lad
What a wholesome wedding and birthday.
Congratulations to OP's dad, and congratulations to OP for inhereting those anti-aging genes!
This man looks better than me and I'm 25.
These two don't look a day over 60. How is this possible? Oh, make sure and tell them congratulations for us.
He looks great
Congratulations 💕💕
Your dad looks fucking amazing for 80, same with his new wife. What the hell is in their diet?
If he have waited for one more day, he would have saved the cost of extra cake.
Real question tho, blue white or white gold??
He looks great!! What’s his secret?
 What is their secret to look like they are much yunger?
 God Bless Them! Beautiful Couple.
80?! Dafuq?! That's not fair. Congrats to them both however.
He doesn't look a day over 80.
Looking good for 80!! Congrats!!
Is this real? Like for real 80? I'm in my 30's. They look so happy and young.  Christ.
80? You could have said 60 and I wouldnt have doubted it!
Neat!
No way he's 80! Good for him!
A beautiful couple :) congrats!!
Wow! Amazing!  Best wishes to your family!
That's good news! I hope it goes well!
Check his attic for the portrait
Are you cousins with /u/sheliathacker? They posted this

https://i.redd.it/c4b6jv8bcm351.jpg
he is 80? how the fuck does he look so good?
Nice! I don't feel completely hopeless now =) Wish all the best for them
Wow, Congrats!
That dude looks damn good for 80. Most people look like the crypt keeper by that point.
Damn he looks so healthy
Dude looks 60!
They look so young
Looks like a classic Iolani shirt!
Jesus, that's a spry 80.  Good for him.
Holy shit he looks awesome for 80
80?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
Shit went from 0-100 real quick.
It’s never too late to love again
dad got it in him (;
Congratulations to them! They’re look fabulous for their ages! I wish them all the happiness and health ☺️
Could have said he was in his mid 50s-early 60s and I would have believed you, wow! Congrats.
I was the 40,000th person to aww at this.
Gorgeous couple. They look happy
80! He ( well they both look) fabulous!
I hope I look that vibrant at 80, should I make it that far.
Damn
80 ain’t what it used to be
Congrats. It's never too late.
Good news is, he will never forget their anniversary date.
For a moment I thought he had 3 legs
80?! Fucking a, he looks 60. Whats his secret??
Let them know for me that some random person living in Cali is really happy for them and that they both look perfect together!!
EIGHTY?!?!!?
He looks damn good for 80!
??????
They look so happy :) congratulations to them both, and a very happy birthday to your dad (who honestly looks decades younger than he is)!! I hope I’m like them when I’m older :)
Bro looks great for 80
Nice
Wow. Hes a Zaddy. He's defying the odds for old white men. Good for him
That’s fuckin cute, sorry this is rude, but what happened to your mom? if she died I’m sorry for your loss.
A really good looking couple !  Congrats on your marriage!
Congrats to him! And wow, he does not look 80.
My grandma used to make a comment.
Your dad looks like Bill Clinton
Give me gold plz im poor
He does not look 80 whatsoever.
This is so awesome! And they both look so young! Congrats to them! May I ask what his career path was? He just seems all around confident and so young. Just wondering what his job is or probably was. I’m sure he’s enjoying retirement! Beautiful couple!
He does NOT look like 80! I'd guess more like 70 top!
This whole post and all the comments made me so happy.
Well, at least you won't have to become the surly older stepbrother.....hopefully.

Seriously though, they are very cute.
Congratulations. And warm wishes to your mom, and dad!
My man had a fuckin weekend
He must have a very healthy lifestyle or good genes, or both.
Doesn't look a day over 70 and done well for himself, congrats to all involved.
Can’t go out? Fuck it let’s get married
Congratsss!!!😇🙃
How many times you gonna post this for karma
What a guy👏🏻👏🏻
Been said before but they look great for 80. Many happy years to them!
Awww congrats to both of them, they are a great looking couple!
What a week! Lmao congrats!
Look good for 80
I will be so happy if I keep that much hair at 80!
What a weekend
WOW! He looks amazing! Congratulations, dad!
I hope I look as good as these two when I'm 80
Please pass along best wishes to them for years of happiness!  Your dad looks absolutely WONDERFUL for 80!!!  Looking at that picture I would have put him at about 65!
Jesus someone found the fountain of youth! He looks 25 years younger!
Wow, he’s absolutely glowing for 80
Tell your Dad he is looking very handsome and I hope he is happy with his beautiful new wife. Go OP's Dad!
Oigan alguien sabe cambiar al idioma español rredit ?
How lovely!! Congratulations on finding happiness and love!
Congratulations to all! Happy birthday and wishing them many joyous years together.
EIGHTY?! Holy hell, doesn't look a day over 60, and that's just from the white hair! Kudos!
80? He looks mid 50's or early 60's! Amazing! He is going to live a long time by the looks of it 30+ more years to go~
80 with a head full of hair? Damn his genes are precious!!!! Procreate at all cost! #Sperminator
Is he 80? He doesn’t look a day over 75!
Treat yoself!!
Fuck it, bruv. Tell him to hop on overwatch.
They look 60 (:
Wow he looks nowhere near 80. If I were to guess, I would say late 50's early 60's
They look like tv grand parents
Damn, if i look that good when i'm 80, i'll be thrilled
Tomorrow's post by OP:

"Yesterday, my dad turned 80, and the day before he got married, now give me my karma"
Now that’s epic
Bet he was throwin some hip (replacement) on the honeymoon!
He looks great for 80. Looks 60.
Good for him ❤️
They look completely smitten with eachother, congratulations guys 💘💓💕💞
He looks good for 80
That dress looks yellow to me
Пенсионеры какие-то блин
Its my cake day today coincidence I think not
cool we got the same bday
Yes

You’re married and have a drink?
Not trying to get personal, just curious if his wife was with him for a long time. Would bring a bigger awww. If you dont want to answer, its okay, i understand why.
And I'm  still single at 24....  :/ lol 

Congratulations to him and Happy Birthday!!! 🎉
His wife looks like an older version of Dee from Always Sunny.
Don Juan over here
And getting consensual intercourse tonight!
And will finish his viagra prescription tomorrow.
Congratulations sir. It's just a starting. They both look cute together.
Dude looks better at 80 than I do at 40
Here’s hoping in 25 years they buy each other silver dancing shoes.
this is the sequel we wanted but don’t deserve :’)
Wow he looks a lot like my late Grampie!! Congrats to him ❤️
Same as my birthday 

Congrats !
He has great hair - still thick and lush.  I wonder if he got hair transplants.
Your Dad Giving His Vows : I'm 79 , but you make me feel 10 years younger.

Her : Nice.
he looks like such a player on the right. No wonder he didn't get married till now

...in a good way :)
Your dad looks good at 80 damn
Ok but why do they look so cool?!!!
Damn still has a great set of hair
Damn your dad looks strong and nice, best wishes to both of them.
I’m here to see puppies not geriatrics... *Come on*
Nice
Got yourself a nice stepmom
What a handsome man and beautiful lady!
So cute !!
What's his secret? He looks amazing! 

Please say it's something simple like a bowl of oatmeal every morning, 'cause I can't do 'clean living'.
Jesus he looks 60!! Happy birthday to your father im glad he has found the love of his life . :)
Aww! They look so happy.
Aww congratulations you beautiful humans.
He looks better in his 80s than I'll look in my 40s
This so adorable. I am so happy for them. This gives me hope for finding love. 💜
Her gold and white dress looks like an optical illusion
Why did he get married?
omgOMG THIS IS AMAZING I LOVE THEM
They seem to be in their seventies! Congratulations to both! Really true love
What a good looking couple!
Your Dad looks great, and his bride looks stunning! Congratulations ❤️
Gives me hope I can find love again. Congrats to your Dad and his wife, they both look so happy. Also god damn does he look great for 80. What’s his secret?
Not gonna lie, Oupa is kinda hot for 80...no wonder he still has game!

Congrats!
Hope I'm in that kind of shape at 80!
she looks so in love, this made my heart full
And tomorrow?
He looks so young
Yo your dad looks great for 80! Congrats to him!
He looks younger than my dad who is 50...
There is NO WAY this guy is 80.
Congratulations to both of them and happy birthday to him.
He doesn't look 80, more like 60. Whatever he's doing that keeps him so young, keep at it.
I can see them or their kid(s) getting confused. "Was it his birthday first or the anniversary? Were they on the same day?"
Shut the front door... 80?
That dress is definitely blue this time
Dude looks GREAT for 80. Plenty of good years left ahead.
These 2 beautiful and radiant people describe perfectly the fact that age is totally irrelevant for anything and that it really is just a number. They seem to have so much energy, joy and love for life! :D

I think everyone wants to be like them at 80 :)

Best wishes to them!
Nice
He looks like a realistic version of the guy from UP.
Dee renolds when she gets old
80, what? Must have been a soft ride. My dads 80, All fucked up in a wheel chair, doesn't know what day it is or how to make a sandwich..
Good for them!! 2020 seems as good a year as.......,
he's an amazing 80.
Your mom looks so happy!
He looks 62-ish.
Damn he looks like hes 60
I’d guess he was early 60s
80?  Are you kidding me.  Gives me hope for my parents
Congrats on your genes.
They look great! I hope to look as great and be as happy at 80 as him and her. Congratulations!!!

Just goes to show ya, each day is a new day and live it to the fullest. Getting old sucks, but make the best of it.

Looks like hes doing just that.
Is she wearing [the dress](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_dress)?
Fucking life goals, goddamn
Congratulations! And please don’t tell me i’m the only one who thinks the dress in the right looks like a visual glitch
He actually looks 60
AWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW,this is so heart warming!!!!
Birkenstocks. Always trust a man wearing Birkenstocks.
I feel like I’ve worked with his wife. She’s either got a spot on doppelgänger in Northern Wisconsin or I’m crazy.
Congratulations,  he looks well for 80.
congrats on your genetics
He looks younger and healthier than men damn!
Wow, "80" really is the new "60".
I wish them many years of happiness even though they look like they have a lot of it already
Congrats on both occasions! Any tips on how to be that healthy and strong at 80?
Congratulations! They look happy together.
Wow. I have no chance whatsoever of looking that good in eight years.
80? Are you serious? If true, they look great!
There’s no way that man is 80! I am gobsmacked!
Congratulations to them! They look lovely!
What do you think their sex smells like. Think it gets dusty in the room?
Congrats! This'll be me for my first wedding.
This is really dumb but did she go to Nordstrom to get her dress? As a gal who worked at Nordstrom, I think someone gave her some really wonderful advice for picking her dress. 

That looks like JS Collections. She looks so stunning! I’m so happy for everyone involved! Congratulations!
Congrats, I hope to live up to 80 :)
He is 80??? Wow
He is 80??? Wow
That man is 80?!?!? Damn, they both look great ! Congratulations to them!
Nuh-uh!!
Whoa! What a handsome couple, could easily be late 50s/early 60s. I hope they are blessed with many years of happiness to come.
Congratulations to them! They both look a lot younger than 80!
He looks damn good!
And they said it wouldn't last....
Dang dude, looks like they haven't aged a day.
HE is 80? I wouldn't have guessed.
He looks amazing for 80 I'd be so lucky
Wow, they look great! Congrats to them!
Looks about 60 nice try OP
Looking good for his age
Fantastic, I bet there are exactly zero legitimate concerns about this
both looks happily ever after. congratulations
Ayyyyyyyyyyy! I hope They'll live long! Congrats OP, and OP parents :)
We ain’t getting no younger we might as well do this Let’s get marry.
I wish you good fortune. It’s folks like you who give me hope.
We only live once dont we
Omg such a beautiful couple. And your dad looks barely 60.
That is a foxy ass couple.
Congratulations
What a beautiful gold and white dress she's wearing!
What a beautiful white and gold dress
Your dad looks about 15 years younger than my 74 y/o dad!
OP your old man doesn't look a day past 50! Congrats to him and the lucky lady!
80 is looking pretty good, congrats!
He looks half his age and they both look great!
 I admire old couples. They are so cute and I'm so happy that they found love at that age! Congratulations to the happy couple!
He is a vampire i think
your dad kinda looks like steve carell
That man is 80? He looks fantastic!
Holy shit he looks like my dad at 50. Clean livin' makes a difference.
OP you get your lovely dad on here to tell us his secret RIGHT NOW
Hes living his best life
Holy fuck he’s 80?  Damn dude
If I have a pic like that second one at 80 I'd say I've accomplished what I want in life.
Yo dad look good as hell! Congrats!
1000th comment😎
aww how sweet! I wish them the best!
Your dad looks really good for someone at the age of 80!
80!? If you would say 60 I’d believe you
Thought this was Bonnie Henry !
Somebody got their hands on some blue pills. Too bad he'll only spray powder by now. Warning ahead, lubrication required, or it will feel like belly sliding straight into a sandbox.
There goes your inheritance....at the final hurdle. Unlucky.
LOVE WINS AGAIN!!!
He looks fantastic for 80!
Congratulations and he looks great for 80!
For how long was he divorced from his previous wife?
Or did he let his children get children before marriage?
80! Dude looks like hes 60!
That's one way to remember your anniversary.
No wonder he's still getting ladies at 80. Dude looks healthy as hell.
Aww congratulations!!!!!! Your Dad looks incredible for 80!!
Congratulations to Him
Beautiful! Thank you for sharing!!
Good for him.
Looks super happy.
Congratulations! 🌟💕💖
Damn that's a good looking 80yo dad.
And you are happy about this? Just wait a year or two and you won’t be able to look at these pics without feeling sick. Don’t say I didn’t warn you. She like all women marrying men at that age will alienate him from family. Check statistics
Wait what the fuck, this is what 80 looks like now?!!?? Is the woman also 80?? I'm not so worried about aging if this is the case
**80!?!?** God I hope I age that well.
He doesn’t look a day over 60
Who’s the guy downvoting all the people saying he looks good for 80?
Smart man, now he basically only has to remember one date, he'll never forget an anniversary!
Today's 80 is yesterday's 55.
Wow!! He looks Great for 80!! As does His Lovely Bride!!
I said I didn't want salmon! I said it 4 times!
Aww. Btw if you never mentioned your dad's age I would've assumed 65.
Dude he doesn’t look 1 day over 50
He looks like he's 54 🙇‍♂️
My great-grandmother married a seventy-nine-year-old man once. She was eighty-nine at the time. He was number four. 

She outlived him and commenced to looking for number five because, being a good southern Baptist woman, she didn't believe in sex outside of marriage. I'm not kidding. She made it plain when she married number four that the wedding bed was ready and she was looking forward to it. All the much younger relatives were very much, "TMI Grandma!"
LOVE!
God, her striped dress is freaking me out right now

I can't be the only one
Crap!  Is the Bride's dress black and gold or blue and grey>
no way he's 80
What a weird tradeoff.
i first thought this was dee from its always sunny, but like, in the future lmao
Your dad is 80?! Can you ask him how in the hell he looks so damn good? He looks at least 20 years younger!
He looks AMAZING for 80. Shit, he looks good for 60
Your dad doesn't look a day over 50. Congrats for him and for his new wife
Wait wait wait. Are you saying your dad got married and POOF! he suddenly turned 80? 'cause I'da liked to have seen that.
neither of them look a day over 28, congrats
Absolute chad
Your 80 year old dad looks like a million bucks compared to my 60 year old dad.
I would’ve guessed your dad was 50 and your new stepmom 55! I can’t believe he’s 80! Looks like a very healthy man, and I hope they have many happy years ahead. I see your dad hitting 100 at least!
He got enough dad to be my dad?
Lol, dude that is some awesome genetics. Still hooking the 40 year olds at 75 type guy. Of course before he met this awesome woman that could 'settle down the old bull'.
Seriously your genetics hold well, get his genome, hair products. Idk, just a slice?
Whoa whoa whoa they are moving way to fast
I ain't saying she's a gold digger...
He looks 60!
He's doesn't look a day over 60.
I think I’ve seen your dad in a cruise or vacation  commercial
This gives me hope that I won’t be a shriveled husk of what I once was at 80 years old.
How can a 80 year old look like he is 60?? Must have great genes.
Is that dude 80!? he looks like idk.. younger
Cool, I hope he lives over a hundred.
Oh my, they both look so good together!
He looks 60
Absolute babes the pair of them. Look at those happy faces!
I know 60 year olds who look like your dad at 80! Amazing.
Such a cute couple! Wish both of them much much happiness!!
He looks fantastic for 80!!
THAT MAN IS NOT 80 WHAT THE FUCK
Wish I looked that good at 39.
Damn your dad and his new wife look fantastic!!!
He is 80?!?!? Wow. I would have fussed 50-60 years old.
80?! No way! Congratulations on both life events!
holy shit your dad is 80? my company's owner is in his late 60s and he's looked older than your dad does in these photos since the early 90s. like seriously, i dunno if it's the lighting, or being a newlywed, but your dad doesn't look 80. what's his secret?

i think for my boss, the secret to looking like you're 60 in your late 30s is lots and lots of blow.
Damn, I'd peg your dad to be in his late 60s. What's his secret?!
