I think the nice old man is doing what nice old men do, slip you sweeties when your mum and dad arnt watching
This is probably something the man looks forward to  everyday.
Very wholesome, and yet all I could think was this looks like a stage in untitled goose game
This is wholesome
if the dog trusts him, i trust him
This looks British
This is actually how my mom got both of the dogs she’s owned in her lifetime. Dogs loved her and stopped loving their original owners lol. The first one after original owner went on vacation and the dog didn’t respond to her at all when she got back. The second one the POS owner just didn’t want him anymore because she’s a trash bag human
If I were that pups parent, I would hire that man to be my dog walker just to keep the relationship goin
Being missed and wanted by an animal is probably the best feeling ever
My dog does this.  The old dude that lives in my complex unit #1, my little girl goes apeshit every time she sees him.  She absolutely must be pet by this feeble old man.  Yet when anyone in my house comes home we are stoked if she actually got off the sofa and is even hinting at wagging her tail.
*i watch here from the window, n i hope that you're around...*    
*cuz you the Bestest friend of all, that i have Ever found!*

i'm gonna wait for you, my fren

n hope that you come out again

there's something 'bout your gentle way -

i wanna see you *every* day!

i like your voice, i like your touch -

(i know you like me very much)

you have a slow n easy pace,

am always glad to see your face ^;@)

n every bit of time we spend

i treasure here

with You, 

my friend

❤️
[deleted]
[deleted]
 What a friendship.❤
Looks like Cory trying to get Mr Feeney’s attention
They belong together
What kind of dog is this?? Pls
One word: "Hachiko" :'/
"Hey there friend, I came to see 
if you might have some pets for me! 
I watch and wait and wag my tail, 
and you always come, without fail :)
You don't have fur, but that's ok. 
I LOVE you friend! 
So come on, let's play!"
OMG I WAS NOT READY FOR THIS
More video please.
Just give the old man the dog at this point.
This is the wholesome things I love <3
Love it. Thank you for sharing.
Loved that he's wagging his tail faster as the video goes by
I think they adore eachother from the video.
Looks like pupper didn't even grab the treat, just wanted loving.
Fuck that just warms my shitty heart
I’d watch a livestream of this.
that is the weirdest and coolest fence i have ever seen.
We grew up next door to an elderly couple, and the husband and our dog had the same relationship. It was so wonderful to watch them bond. I’ll never forget the tone in his voice every time Daisy came over to see him. Thank you for helping me enjoy such fond memories with this!
Need more footage
this healed me from the internet thank you
Frens forever
I just hope that old man shows him love too.
How cute
Oh, my aunt and uncle have a little(ish- ~22lbs) dog and there's two little kids who live nearby and occasionally they will go up to the doggy door and call through it asking if the doggy can come play. It's absolutely precious. I love it when people get to form relationships with animals that aren't their own pets!
This is the kind of wholesome content we all need rn
I'd like to think the dog owners are one of those neighbors who send over baked goods for holidays or just because. Theres no way an old man that sweet to a dog couldn't be a wonderful friend!
That particular wag says pupper has been trained to expect treats. Just saying.
Then someday there's gonna be a day where the dog waits outside the window.

And waits.

And waits.

And waits.
The friendship between pets and old people will never cease to make me cry with the sweetness.
We see who the real owner is now.
Cuz that’s where he gets his pets

Puppies love their pets

That’s a fact
Is this Britain? This looks so British to me (as an American, so really who knows)
My dog is the same! I think she loves my neighbor a tiny bit more than she loves me!
This made my day
🥺😭
So sweet
My dog always begs to go out when my neighbor leaves or comes home. He gives her cookies every time too. They're BFFs
I would trust this man with my non existent children.
Lol so cute
Maybe he/she knew him in another life
This is so fricking cute
Fuck give him the dog then.
If I was the owner I'd let the neighbor have sleep overs with pupper
That’s his soulmate!
That’s so cute!
very cute puppy :)
I'm not crying,  you're crying
This makes me wanna cry 😭 I love both of them
god i wish that were me
Adorbs!!!
🥺awwww
By the rules of attention... that’s his dog.
i love this friendship
omgoshhhh, reminds me of my mongrel and the back neighbours
THAT is the wall that separate houses?
This is so sweet!
Yeah, my dog loves my neighbor more than me too
Animals know good people
Puppo!!!!!
Thank you for letting this happen. You’re a blessing to this man. Good owners deserve a shout! 

Thank you all!!
What a good pupper.
Cute
I only save the *IMPORTANT* posts
What the hell??? Why isn't this longer?
Does anyone love dogs like old people do?
Pretty much any dog will act that way if you constantly give them treats.
Dogs can read a person better than anyone else. He must be a kind man.
Wow!!!
This is beyond adorable. They are both so cute!
Eyes werent focused. Thought it said pope.
Keep that friendship strong for true both of them.
That dog is acting like a reincarnation of a past loved one
HAND THE DOG OVER!
He’s my friend! Let me see my friend!
Best friends 💖🙂
I love dogs
Reminds me of my Chewie back home. R.I.P little guy, he was 11 and full of energy still, he slipped under our fence and fought the neighbors pit bull :'(
someone get this man a pup.
Whenever I come home my dog doesn’t wait for me in a specific spot until I come home. They do the exact opposite 😂🤣
Oh it’s gonna be sad when he passes
*sad Up music starts playing*
Looks like the feeling is mutual
This is so adorable 😍
That tail wag, best buds
This all seemed so happy and healthy!!🤗
Why’s he got to be the OLD man? Why can’t he be the neighbor or the person next door? If he was the young man next door would the dog adore him?
I absolutely adore the old man living next door to you as well!
This is making my 2020 just a little better
Awww this is so sweet! I love videos like this, I think it’s so sweet when pets bond with other people, whether it’s the mailman or a neighbor or whatever. 

My husband and I bought a house in the country after living in a major city for 7 years because we missed being close to the lake (both from the same small Midwest town and both basically grew up on the lake) and having some nature around. Our neighbor is a really sweet but very “country” single, older man and he comes off kind of gruff and tough but he’s always watching out for us. 

I have four dogs, two big and two small. One of the big dogs has to stay separate from the others so he’s kind of in his own world but the other 3 go out together and every single time they do and he’s out he always brings a treat over for the one big dog. Not my little girls, just my one male big dog. It’s actually really cute watching my pup look for him and then seeing his ears perk up and he’ll go to the fence and “yell” at him if he’s working in the yard and doesn’t see/acknowledge him right away. Idk I just think it’s super sweet because the guy doesn’t have any pets himself but seems to have an endless supply of dog treats hanging around.


He’s tried to give my other big dog treats a few times but he’s a special dog - extremely picky about food and doesn’t like people so he basically ignores him and his treats. Idk why he never tries to give the two little girls treats but they ALL get spoiled enough as it is so I don’t hold it against him.
My dog passed on Friday and this one hit me. It looks exactly like it gizmo....
The man will then launch tons of balloons on top of his chimney and picks up the dog as he and his house floats away into the distant sunset in search of a majestic waterfall
u/vredditshare
My neighbor had a bull terrier that he'd let outside for hours without a leash or fenced in area and my roommate and I would play with him and give him treats whenever we had the chance. He'd know when we were home and jump on the screen door for attention until we came out to pet him. The neighbor moved years and we still wonder how he's doing and hope he has another neighbor to help take care of him.
It's funny how they have their favorite, and most times it's not the owner.
My parents’ neighbors have a cockapoo that basically thinks their house is also her house. The neighbors let her out to go potty and she appears at my parents’ back door-she has zoom-bombed my mom while working from home multiple times! My mom keeps a jar of jerky treats and a water bowl for her :)
My heart is melting! Too adorable!
Neighbor pets are the best.  We love the neighborhood cats and dogs.
The sweetest omg☺️💕💕
I remember seeing this on new
I thought I was about to watch a video of an old man getting pepper sprayed lol.
wholesome way to end my Monday :D
This warms my heart. Thanks for sharing!
it melts my heart ❤️
So sweet! That’s his friend! You can never have too much love.
What kind of breed of dog is this?
They speak an ancient and divine language:
Love and compassion
cute
Yessir, that is an "aww".
Life goals people
that’s love
Probably waiting for a free meal.
There's going to be a day where the dog is going to be left waiting, and that makes me really sad.
That's great for both of them!
Everytime i see an oldman i feel like crying, also when i am with my grandparents i feel the same way, i don't know why but when i see old people i can't help but to express my love for them.
Looks like it’s mutual. Lovely! darn onions
No im not getting emotional.... gary!
What kinda of dog
We don't deserve dogs. So much love to give. These two have a special bond. They are life long buddies. <3
Awesome! Best of luck with the birds. They are very enjoyable too and usually other critters ( depending on your locale) like squirrels or cool garden spiders, hedgehogs, weasels etc. May follow the birds!  I don’t know if you are in the US but I think it’s time to do cat cafes like Japan here so folks that can’t enjoy a pet at their place of living can still get some of the benefits.  Even fish can be amazing pets / friends ! Best wishes !
Wauuuuuh
The old man's dad reincarnated as a dog and just by chance they ended up being neighbors.
This almost seems like two friends hanging out.
I felt like I could hear the British accent coming through this video even with the sound off
He feeds him treats.
WHY AM I CRYING?!!!!
r/mademesmile
RACIST.  OLD WHITE MAN WITH WHITE DOG?!?!?!?
Wow! That’s amazing. It’s so wonderful all the way around because it frees up much needed space for the  urgent cases! I wish that more states ( in the US anyway) would allow prisoners to train/ rehab dogs and cats. I think Indiana had a cat program and I’ve seen some therapy dogs being trained by prisoners. It’s such a wonderful use of resources and so uplifting for the human spirit.
Edit: by resources I mean the actual facility of prison as far as physical structure/ housing for animals.
thanks, now my day is better :)
I hate to be a party pooper but, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fomite applies to petted animals too.
So you just watch “this” pupper all day until they meet? Creepy
Did you steal the old man’s dog?
I hope this old man lives as long n full as he can
Those is how my baby acts around my husband. If daddy is in the vicinity that's all he cares about. I tell the baby "you know that it was me who grew you and pushed you out, right?" 😂😅😭
The tail never lies
I wanna be this old man some day
This is the sweetest thing I have ever seen. Thank you for making my day so much better :)
That's a weird fence.
Thank you for this.
They should consider letting them be together. I have known a few cases where an animal just really loves a neighbor more and while it may hurt our own pride, who’s right is it to stop true love. This is so sweet!
The day that he doesn’t show up will be sad for the dog
This is the best!
Someone get that man a dog! He would be such a good owner.
One day the old man would pet the puppy for the last time
When your dog adopts you a grandpa.
No but you can still see through fairly well
Is that a Glenn of Immal?
I wish I could upvote this twice.
r/mademesmile
Mr.Feeny?
Well daw wuz that made me want to happy cry❤❤
I just hope this isn't the opening to a Pixar movie because the openings don't end well ie. The opening to UP.
A wholesome thing to start my day with. Thanks.
I want MORE!!!
One of the sweetest things ever.
FEEEENY
I am the dog and the old man simultaneously
Goodest boy ever
He’s like Mr Feeney but the doggo version. Doggo meets world.
This is so adorable. I’m very impressed though that the dog didn’t jump the fence
Gods help that dog when the day comes.
MORE!!!!!!
So cute! Reminds me of our pup, she goes and asks to be let into the neighbors house, but he has been gone all weekend and has a friend working on his house. My pup keeps running over their then racing home barking, dad dad wrong human wrong human!
They’re best friends
Aw damnit, I'm getting Futurama vibes again :(
I need more!!
*everyone liked that*
That’s adorable
I feel like this is the window.
Such sweet neighbours!!!
Having a pet improves your quality of life.  They care for you and you care for them.
My dog also has a soulmate who is not me. It's ok though cause their love is so pure
It's like my mormor with all the neighborhood dogs, lol. Most of them know which pocket to go sniffing for when she's out walking. 

I asked her last time I listed why she didn't have a dog other own. She said the dog would own her, and would be very fat, haha.
at least the pupper is good and doesnt jump toward his garden
That’s enough to make a grown man cry
Love and affection has no boundary.
Soo adorably cuttteee
That made my heart melt so much. Thank you! ❤️ bless that dog  and bless that man!
I live in an area, where there are lots of street dogs. There is one lady, who go outs regularly to feed those street dogs. The dogs get really excited, whenever they see her. It's heartwarming to see, someone caring for street dogs, so much and getting love in return.

Normally, the street dogs are not treated well.
That tail wag says it all
Maybe this man was the dog’s owner in his past life.
I. Love. This.
My heart😭😭😭😭
This will be in an entirely different sub once/if one of them dies.
That’s so sweet!
Pretty sure these two knew each other in a past life 😅
Those could be literal pebbles and my dogs would be that excited
Omg what breed is this?!
The sweetest
Let me know.  I’m happy to help!
One day the dog will wait...and wait.. for something that'll never happen again. Call your parents!
my frickin heart 🥺
Because sometimes our angels live next door.
How come the first thing I thought of was how sad the pup is gonna be when the old man doesn’t show up at the fence anymore :( I’m a terrible person.
They make each other happy. They are both loves!
Imagine you’re living your life and the dog next door decides to love you incredibly
American here. Are fences like this typical in what I assume is somewhere in Europe?

For context: Americans typically build big tall fences and block any and all visibility of their neighbors yard with trellis and foliage
M Y H E A R T
Such a cute pupper 😍
What kind of dog is that?
Such a wholesome friendship ❤
Tears. Tears down my face 💜.
You are going to need to build a wee little bridge for him to pay visits. You can’t keep denying their love.
Even the dog is cheating on you with your neighbour
Please old man next door to op, don't die
Very happ boi 27/10 would play fetch with
Tear down the fucking wall.
What a sweet friendship 😀
My bad inside joke.
Awwwwww he’s a cutie. So’s the dog.
one of these days he’ll just stop showing up
The things dogs get away with, if a human was staring out of the window to look at his neighbours the police will be involved!
Interviewer: Where do you see yourself in ~~ten~~ fifty years?  
Me: (shows this video)
I couldn't watch this without thinking that one day, that pupper will be waiting for the nice old man who isn't coming anymore.

I'm a downer.
Does anyone know the dog breed? The dog is cute :)
So much 💕 👏
Old people have the time for a neighbours dog and the for the dog the smells and pats . It's always good to be friends with the neighbors pets it's is better to come home to wags than barks and it's nice to use your back yard without an angry dog next door
That's a dog. Stop the 12 year old speak.
💜💜💜
I’m just watching on loop and it makes me happier every time.
The dog’s soul is related to someone in his previous life.
One day he’s not going to come by and the dog will think he doesnt love him anymore.
What’s it like to have a post with 100k upvotes?
Friendship for life
*choking back tears* so sweet...too...much....Pixar-level...feels...emotionally...manipulative....but don’t care....*balls like a babeh wanting her passy*
I love how they've kept the separating wall/fence not too high
That pupper needs a bridge so he can go hang out next door. Think they'd both love it.
Quick culture poll- how many people in your country that put dog loyalty on the first place and would be angry for such occurrence? A lot of people here would say “this is wrong” and “I wouldn’t like a dog like that”.
thats so sweet! dog are theeee best
That's a good dog.
Great guy and an adorable puppy
You have 7 million karma!
Aaaw, he looks kinda like my good boy ❤️
Best boi
very cute
You may own the dog but that man owns the dogs heart.
so cute
Im calling Ireland or Scotland
So cute! My pittie/boxer goes nuts for my elderly neighbor Larry ❤
Love 💕
Aww, there IS good in the world. 😃✊🏽
Love the low wall between the houses. What a  neighbourly set up.
Where I live it's 6ft walls everywhere. People barely know who's living next door to them.
I think your dog loves free snacks.
Every old man I’ve ever known would kick a dog if it came within range. This post melts my heart.
I mean, he is giving him treats......
Pixar but real
Fuuuuuuuck why did it just occur to me that one day the dog may be staring out the window to realize he can't come back out anymore...

Damnit brain...
Off topic, but what is that fence made of? Is it a stone fence that was filled in with concrete and painted black or something else?
[removed]
[removed]
Just think about the dog waiting there after he dies. :)
No u love ur dog and luck after it mint but think the old guy love him as well  💓  n maybe could  give him  comfort atnight  🌃 have u thought off sharing him with him no it would be hard on u as he  ur pet 🤢🤢😱 but think u would be making a lonely man happy xx
[removed]
Look Mr. Moneybags with the fancy indoor garbage cans outside.
[](hi.com)
Why is the wall so short? Or are they giant?
Treats.. oh pls that’s viagra
Damn Trader
It’s gonna suck for that dog when he dies
Wow you must be a really shitty dog owner. The thing is looking for attention, and he’s getting it somewhere else and not from home. And you’re encouraging this. 

You have failed
Wholesome, but kinda sad if the doggo prefers neighbor over his owners
