Wow 19. Take pride in the fact that you took damn good care of him.
What a good boy!
First and last picture. Serious face. Second and third picture. Silly boy.
Truly man's best friend. I've always loved the quote "He might only be a part of your life, but for your dog, you are his whole life".
Love, loyalty, and companionship . . . thank you for this NOT being a RIP post.  Those destroy me.
You two look like the perfect duo
Aw. What a lucky boy.
He also taught you how to use a computer.  My dog doesn't even know how to use a computer.  Your human is awesome.  Thanks for posting!
You look like Mark Ruffalo
Mine passed away on Sunday... she was my everything, my world!
That's pretty awesome.
You are both truly blessed 💕
wholesome
And a forevers worth of memories
That’s definitely a Chicago/Cicero/Berwyn style backyard just from the looks of it. What a great 19 years you guys have each other!
A dynamic duo for sure. You have given him an equal gift in those 19 years. Thanks :)
Congrats on the many great years! This REALLY reminds me of my good boy, Ace. He was a puppy from the litter of my family dog growing up (her name was Star, she was a legend).  
After serving 3 deployments between Afghanistan and Iraq I came home and immediately brought that pup, Ace, into my life. I simply cannot express how healing it was to have something rely on me for love, patience and health for a change after such a violent and aggressive stretch of time. I'm a bit embarrassed that I struggled for a few years after I transitioned out of the military (and the mentality it put me in). But Ace was always there, providing unwavering companionship. The responsibility of caring for him helped me focus on loving and investing in something. Eventually I found my way back to a healthy, functioning mindset and I mostly owe it all to him. He had health problems in later years and he barely made it past 12 years (which I hear is somewhat average for a lab mix). That was about 3 years ago. I really envy you and your good boy. While my wife and I still have two other wonderful dogs, Ace helped me through some dark times so he's got a very special place in my heart and I still carry his tag on my keychain. God I wish I could hug him again. The hell? Someone is peeling onions in my house at midnight I gotta go.
A very good boy
A loyal fellow and a cute bastard. Pretty cool man.
I made my account today just to post here.  My dog passed away on May 9, 2020 and I just wanted to say that you are one lucky man. Not a day goes by that I think about my dog and all the dogs out there.  

I hope everybody reading this will know that dogs are magnificent and beautiful creatures. I never understood why everybody said that a dog is a mans best friend but until I had my own. 

To the best dog in the world, Jazz, I will always love you.  I hope I could have done better for you.  I can’t wait to see you again.  

To OP, seeing your post made me smile today and think about my dog. I wish you and your dog a long and healthy life.  

To everybody, let’s try to make this a better world for dogs.  They are truly mans best friend..
Love this so much. How’s he doing?
Both are blessed!!!!!!
The goodest boy
Name a better duo
So happy for you to have that long with your friend, I’d do anything to have that much time with my cat.

Cheers to you, and more good years to come!
Pet him for me
Good boy!
When I was in high school, I was young, my dog was old, and we were the same age.
And you have given him an entire lifetime of love.
A dog is the best friend you could ever have
Cutie.
You are wong pal, you gave him so much love that he refuses to leave you!
19 is incredible for a lab. I'll admit I'm mildly envious. I got a 12yo golden retriever and a 14yo yellow lab girl, and they are both starting to show signs of age, do need their arthritis medication nowadays. The 14yo had a bad case of mammary cancer half a year ago, was at a point where she would have died within a week because the vet REPEATEDLY scheduled surgery, then cancelled after bringing the dog in, 'because it's an old dog'. It took several heated arguments and a last minute change to another vet a 3-hour drive out of town to get her the help she needed. Now she's actually doing very well again, is full of energy, and like a new dog. With a bit of luck she hopefully got another year or two in her.
Who’s a good boy?

He’s a good boy.

Tell him he’s a good boy for me.
My German Shepherd/Lab mixes back home will be 19 next month. Mom says they still run around like puppies.

😞 I miss them so much
An angel
Look how happy he always is!
Good dog
Please tell us his diet and what else makes such a long lived pupper
19 holy shit dude, that’s amazing, my dog is 13, truly a mans best friend
Give him I hug from me. I lost my boy earlier this year and I am not the same. It's hard to get over a 16 year relationship with the best boy ever.
Every post makes me cry now
He’s an old man now.
Dogs are the greatest thing on Earth.
If you are such a great dog owner that your dog lives to 19 +, I will marry you on the spot.
My wife grew up with a cocker spaniel set. One female one male. They lasted 17 years, we lost them 2 years ago. The females lungs just started failing. Had to put her down. The male about a week after just slowly started drifting away on his own. We now have a 11 month old female cocker that’ll hopefully grow up with our 6yr old daughter and have a loving bond. Wishing nothing but the best for you and your furry friend.
I never upvote, in fact i think reddit´s voting-system is utter crap.

....but if i don´t upvote this i can´t look into the mirror anymore so here i am to upvote this.
You look like youve barely aged. Stop stealing that dogs life force! Steal it from my ex-gf instead.
For a dog that size, its remarkable.

Its up there with the 32 year old cat from a few days ago.

Beautiful boy :)
He looks like a distinguished gentleman:)
doggo!
My Bernie is 14. Your post gives me inspiration and hope. Thanks!
Awwwww beautiful photos xx
Such a good boy!!!
Awww, sweet baby love! 💖🐶
Wow good long life. Beautiful pup.
Oh man just the pictures make me love him too!
Oh man, I'm so happy for both of you to have had all those years together. I'm sure he's had a great life so far. Give him lots of loves from all of us.
I'm hoping you'll take this as a compliment but you look like Hispanic Zach Braff.

Great dog, I'll finally have the free time be able to own a dog again in a few months so here's hoping a long lasting friendship like the one you two have.
He’s still doing good right? I can’t handle these pictures for you to give me bad news. Just don’t tell me. Or lie. Ugh. 

But he’s freaking adorable. 😍
Aww such a good doggy
You are both adorable, and I'm thrilled you have had almost two decades of companionship. Best of luck for the future!
❤🐶
Oh my god he’s so handsome, and you two are adorable. He is the GOODEST of the good boys. 19 years!! 🙌🏻
Que guapisimos los dos!!
If I could have my dog for another 8 years I would be thrilled. He’s doing great for 11 but man I can’t imagine life without his stinky little kisses.
Wow so amazing great life for both of you. I hope you have many more!!!!! Brings happy tears to my eyes.😂
I wish they lived forever 🐾
19 years? Wow. One of the greatest boys.
You look 15 in the first picture and 25 in the last, I want whatever you're smoking.
/r/OldManDog
my shih tzu made it to 14. 🤍
You remind me of my 17 yo doggo who passed away 3 years ago, she grew up with me since i was in elementary school. She was a loyal dog who often console someone in my house by staying at our feet when were crying. When she was on her dead bed she was still trying to get off bed just to pee on the outside because she did not want too inside the house. We were crying and begged her not to do that but she was the most loyal dog i ever have.

Please love your dog until the end, we don’t know when is your dog last time. But until then love them like they love you.
he knows you gave 19 years of love too
Awww
Here come my waterworks
Good boy
A good boy, indeed. 😭💙
10/10 good boy.
My dog passed away last month, he was 14 years old and had always been very playful. Then his back legs started failling him, and a few weeks later stopped eating and drinking. I missed him everyday and I keep thinking if there is something I could have done to help him get better.
Good boys
The oldest dog I ever had was 18. 19 is incredibly long lived, especially if they’re a lab as they appear to be.
19? Holy moly! 😍😍😍😍😍😍
Damn ole beast .... cherish your last bit of time with him....
19 years?! That dog must have rolled an absolutely beastly CON. stat.
What a lovely dog. I bet you've given him a great life.
he is a good boi
What's his name ?
Dude, you look the same today as you did 19 years ago.  Take that as a compliment.
You two deserve each other.
Tell him he's a good boy for me
This is actually making me teary. You're so lucky. He's so lucky!
Dude, pets will literally love you endlessly with little to no expectation. Sometimes I’ll look at my cat, and cry. He smells good to me too. Kinda what they say about babies, they have a spot too 😭😭 s o c u t e
Omg this is too adorable!! Thank you for sharing! Animals are the best!!!!
Dude. Do you even age?
I'll take science over religion during an on-going pandemic please.
what a lovely friendship xx
You gave him 19 years of a best friend and love, he deserves nothing less.
19 years means you've given him a lot of love too!
I'm pretty sure they allow good boys to escort warriors to Valhalla.
Who wrote this, the dog or the guy?
You two have grown up and matured over the last 19 years together. You have love and compassion for animals and it shows in the pictures over the years. 🤝 Let me shake your hand young man and your parents too, they raised you right. Wishing you many more years with your beautiful boy. 🐾🤗
Plot twist: OP is the dog.
I just lost my best friend (my cat) on January 31st. He was 23 years old. It will be a LONG time before I will be over him. I swear sometimes in the middle of the night, I can still feel him climbing into my bed to snuggle. He will always be my best boy.
Did you forgot to age?
Get a puppy when you're in your mid 20's. You do not change much from the dog's perspective.

Have a puppy when you're ten, dog be like, "wtf dude?"
Omg you grew up together 😍
19 for a Lab is fantastic.

He is a very good boi.
What handsome fellows 😊
Your dog looks just like mine.  I hope he lives 19+ years too
Wow - 19 is awesome!! Well loved!
That’s awesome. Mine is 18 now.
Congrats... I got 17, 13 and 8 from mine.
He says, This guy has loved me for 133 years!
Not a fan of dogs but this is sweet bro
I’m sorry that you lost him he seemed nice
Awww, the goodest boy
That is awesome!! Shows what a great papi you are!
Awww so cute
133 and still looking beautiful.
Nice glow up, the both of yah!
All dogs are puppies.  Love it!
DOGGO SO CUTE!!!! AAAAAH
That was the doggo talking.
He is the best boy.
Oh boy I hope my dog gives me 19 years!
Best frens forever.
That’s amazing 🥰
we don't deserve dogs.  


make sure to love them as much as u can
Partners in crime! Looking great gentlemen!
[deleted]
The "U" of life is beautiful ❤️
You are very blessed!
19 years and your dog never lost that spark in his eye! So cute ♥️
What an amazing testament to love and care! 19 years, wow. What a very Goode Boye!
Our family just lost our sweet girl of 15 years today. Cherish every moment you have left with this good boy.
That is a lot of love you gave him in return, for him to be your right hand person for that long.  Before life you have always been his human.
you my friend are a lucky man , dogs make us better people if we let them. Enjoy all the time you have with your friend
This is really nice
According to the photos, you started without a t-shirt and homeless at some point, but now you even have a baseball cap along with a t-shirt and picture frames in a house. You and your dog have come a long way.
Wow! Thanks for sharing your handsome guy!
Respect 👍👍😍
What a beautiful doggie and that Smile! That’s true love right there
How did you age 2 years in 19 years?
My dog os nearing 14 in great shape, I hope he gets to 19 like your friend, so awesome!
I love how much you both changed
Must be best time in your life 😍
How has no one else asked what order these pics are in.  I can not figure it out.  I got the first picture right but after that wtf.  It’s like year 1, than year 17, 18 and 19
Cute dog! U kinda look like Mark Wahlberg ngl. :)
That’s beautiful!❤️
He's definitely grown a lot! He's even started wearing a hat. I'm glad he started wearing a shirt though.
He's given me 19 years of only love*
I dread the day my dog goes. It’s like losing a best friend/family member.
Is that a Bears jersey? smh
So cute
I’m the same age as your dog... Damn
[deleted]
He's blind, now, isn't he?
That’s beautiful, man
❤️
He sees you giving him a lifetime of love 💓
/r/oldmandog
Hey bro, I don’t know if you’ll read thus but thank you for your contribution, seriously. I’m sure your pupper thinks the world of you, rightfully so.
Good boy
How did your dog make this post?
I think that’s really awesome that you held onto him for that long. That’s a real good dog owner who is invested in their pet.
And the crowd goes mild
What a beautiful healthy boy, you obviously put great care and love in for him. Thanks for sharing
Wow, he's an old boy, you've looked after him really well.

Worthy of a /u/schnoodledoodledo poem IMHO
This makes me sad! I hope he's still alive!
It's going to die soon
You look like you manage to age 5 years tops in 19 years. I'm mad jealous
That shirt at the bottom left is awesome.
You personally are aging in a bizarre fashion

In order you look 13,30,30,18
----------------CONGRATS!!!-----------------
You now have passed the rookie line and jumped into the master line
Buetiful
Now to figure out which of the two posted this  :)
How do you look younger and younger in the last 2 pics??
This is my favorite Reddit post ever!
19, wow. What a fantastic amount of time ❤️
RIP 😭
Good boy
Wow, 19 years?  That is like the Guiness Book of World Records, seriously.  God bless you both, I hope he is still with you, you didn't say....
19 YEARS!?? That's amazing! Can I ask what food you feed this young man?
19 years!!!! That is a well loved boy
19 years of being goodest boy!
You’re blessed!  Love to see it!
That brings a tear to my eye. Good dog.
You're very lucky to have such a good boy for so long.
Only the goodest of boys
My lab was 18 when he died. He looked just like him! Best dog I've ever had. Miss him everyday.
19 years? Bro
Omg 19! You must really love that dog! I don’t blame you tho!
You two were both very lucky, congratulations!
I hope he gives you more!
Good boy.
What an absolute treasure of a pup.
Wow...so blessed
Dont forget that the love he gave you lives forever in your soul, spread it around in his honor
The goodest of boys
Hope he has many more healthy years to come
Nice and Lovely!
19 is insane! You did a terrific job of taking care of him.
Ur like a Mexican mark ruffalo
You look like Chalino Sanchez in the first picture
For some reason I thought this post was made by the dog
My old boy just turned 17 last march and this past week has shown that he already has one foot out the door. My family and I have begun tossing around the E word but I'm really scared. How did you handle it?
The pupper looks like he's thinking the same thing
Good boy!
What a good, loyal, loving boy!
such a beautiful dog! His/her fur is really nice and looks amazing you took amazing care of this doggo 17/10 best doggo
Damn that's really cool a dog figured out how to scan a picture and use reddit. Him and his human seem great together too.
And you've given him 133. great job.
Real question is why does it look like you haven’t aged in 19 years
r/weeklydictator
Oh what a lovely dog, you’ve both done very well, you have given a dog a good home, well done.
He sure is a happy boy
Good boi ...
Nobody notices that the guy looks the same... no aging at all
We're having to put down one of our 3 on friday, she's gotten riddled up with cancer and her quality of life has gone way down, it really sucks because she still wants to run around and play with the toys to make you happy because they don't fucking know better.
Are you the boy who bought the dog off of the neighbour's kid with like 10ish dollars and it was the best deal of your life? I've read a story like that the other day here on reddit and you remind me of that kid!
Beautiful. Sorry you lost a true friend.
Sorry my man that's rough, but 19 years is such a gift!
Fuck The Packers!
Genuinely heartwarming.
Bro. Dope shirt--> bottom left
So who's the dominant one in the relationship
Me and my rescue pom have been together for 12.5 years and she’s roughly 14-16 ish years old. She better put up with me forever! 19 years is amazing ❤️❤️❤️
Better than some marriages ...
That’s an amazing boi! (And owner!) May your time together be filled with happy memories and doggie love 💗
And many more to come
Thought it would end with last panel without the dog. Thanks got it wasnt
My dog recently died at 13 his hips went out and my mom put him down. Saddest day of my life
Ur lab looks like he 10 and not 19 wow
Old boi is good boi
Dogs are the best man. We don’t deserve em. 19 years is crazy, hope my guy is with me that long. Cheers
19 years is a great testimonial to both of you. They live longer if they have a good reason to. What a great pet owning experience.  Good job.
Good owner.  Good doggo.
No man, he's given you his lifetime of love. Puppers are amazing.
The first animal I had to put down while on my own was the one that was in my baby photos.  All they know is you and I think we owe it to them to treat them with the all the respect they deserve.  They don't do it for us, they do it because of us.
Awwwwww
Melted my heart.
So beautiful ~ so many dogs need your love to  💕💕💕
What a cutie❤️
I wish 19 years with all of mine.
I hope he sired some offspring we need those genes in the pool!
D-did the dog post this?
It's too bad this perfect black specimen had to love this not black thing
One of the best dog pictures 😍
Das a big boi right der🤧
Wish my dad could have done the same
A grey-bearded noble beast of a venerable age. Huzzah to both of you.
Now that’s a good boy if I’ve ever seen one
This is amazing. As a Cavalier King Charles Spaniel owner myself their average lifespan is only 9 years and if they hit over 10 its already a jackpot. Wish we all could spend as much time as you have had with your buddy.❤️
Jesus, well done!
This just made my day tbh.
God, the mere thought that one day my beloved pet will die makes me cry.
My dog died 3 days ago and seeing this post made me wish I could see her.
Cause he's the goodest of boys.
Mine is 14.5 and sort of looks like yours. Here’s to hoping I can hang with mine for as long as you have been hanging with yours.
What a lovely handful
As time passes, both of you look more incredible together
A lifetime friendship!
What a truly excellent pupper.
Wow! If i ever see a genie.. my wish would be for dogs to live as many years as the average human age.
Is this dog or human posting?
My oldest dog is 16 and man it is crazy how they change as they age. It is terribly sad too because her younger sister wants to play all the time and she can't now, and no longer can go for long walks or jump up on the bed at night. I've been preparing myself a little bit at a time.
19! Wow you are so lucky
Oh man, he’s so cute.  Such a good doggo.
This totally made me cry! So sweet to see the love between you. The changes in his face reminded me of our family dog who lived to be 15. There were kids in our family who had never known a life without him because he was older than they were. He turned into a cranky little grandpa as he got older, but kept his spark most of his life. He was old and blind but still knew where the treats were, and would slam the door and bark until he got one or two...or more. Such characters. Give your pup a hug for me.
Is it just me or is he wearing a Hooters t-shirt in the last one
That's amazing, 19 years. He looks like a happy pup.
Must be nice to have someone to love you 
Wish I had a dog or even a friend or a girlfriend but I don't have any friends
I bet if I had a dog , it would've loved me
What a sweet baby!
Cutie pie! Both of you!
I hate that this is the way I see things but fuck if that’s not gonna hurt really bad one day. I’m glad to see your family member bring you so much joy! It’s amazing. I miss my Tommy.
First three pictures taken, your pup was like "oh how nice, he's picking me up, so awesome" and then on fourth he's like "oh no, we're doing this again..."
Thank you for sharing your memories.
What a good boy!!
its pics like this that makes me understand why that Florida man kidnapped that [scientist to make his dog immortal.](https://themotherofallnerds.com/man-abducts-scientist-to-make-his-dog-immortal/)
That’s so cuteeee
Sweet
AWWWH THIS IS WHOLESOME I DIEEEEDED
I just lost my little guy after 13 years. I can say with certainty that I feel your pain.
To 19 more! 😍
Damn man this actually made me sad
❤️
Absolutely beautiful. The only post that made me cry happy tears. Awww!
Awww
The guy on the left aged well.
Soooo cute
Naw!!! He's been with you for 19 years but he'll be in your heart for a lifetime.
Is he the secret to you looking the same over 19 years.
You look like you first got older and then got younger again. Impressive.
He's a keeper
Nice
Such a happy friend!
OP, I hope you will post this over on /r/OldManDog!
I knew dogs were immortal!
I love him
this speaks volumes to your character.  güd dogo. 11/10
Awww this is the best thing I’ve seen today. Long live you both ❤️
Shit, i miss my dog back home now. That is one of the goodest boys ive ever seen, and 19 is amazing. Continue to take good care of him, no doubt you already are my man
no such thing
19 that's crazy. lucky
That's a good boy right there. ❤
And you gave him a lifetimes worth. ❤️
That'll do goodboy. That'll do.
Did she die sorry if it’s alittle rude
19 years?! I hope my dogs will live that long too. 🥺
Very sweet. Nothing better than a good doggo!
Glad he gave you some clothes too.
Zoophile wildin
I need a dog too 🥺
You look like Puerto Rican Mark Whalburg
Bhoom
good old boy. remember to give him foods with omega 3 for his joints! I’m sure you already know that if he’s been with you for 19 years!
20 more years to beat the world record.

Good luck :D
U suddenly got younger in later life.
You are one very lucky man to have a dog that lasts that long just make his last final years some awesome ones for me would ya
And you’ve given him a lifetime of love.
My boy is 14 years young,  I say young cause he even doesn't realize he's an old boy. Took him his first time camping, found out he shockingly a swimmer, had some visual issues there. Yet so far he is living like he was 1, I am not ready for his for his departure (whenever he chooses) yet I am prepared. He has saved my life and has kept me on check with my personality disorders. I hope he gives as much time as your pupper gives you. Be proud and happy in the knowledge that your doing something so right to have your pup wanting to stay for more.
 What breed of dog?
Your best and only friend should be 110% attentive from you.
Wow!!! 19 years! Congratulations to you and to him
RIP❤️
Look at that dog beard
Such a sweet boy! : )
So much love for so many years! That’s gorgeous.
What an incredibly long life. Brings tears to my eyes. ❤️
That's amazing! Such a good boi ❤️❤️
Cherish every moment!
That's a good pupper!
Well.....that's a bit cute.
Dogs are the best, you show them love,care for them and you have a best friend for life, no matter how your day is going or your life circumstances. I’m genuinely happy for you and your dog. My dogs life expectancy isn’t any where near 19 (7yr old mini long haired dachshund) and I’m already dreading the day she leaves me & my wife. Cherish every day with your dog, you are their whole world
As someone who is currently looking for a new dog for our family, I now want one even more. 
They just seem so hard to find right now - the waiting lists with breeders are maxed out and people are charging thousands each for puppies! Its crazy!
This makes me want to cry. My boy is only 8, but all my life, all my babies only made it to 12. My first (Dyrt) was adopted when I was born and had him til I was 12. We adopted Maggie when she was 2 and I was 12. She passed when I was 22.

My dad adopted Ralph as a puppy when I was 16. My dad died when he was 8. I took him into my home, and he passed at 12. 

You’re so lucky to have 19 years with with such an amazing friend!!!
19 years? Such a blessing man cherish it forever :)
What a good boy, my pup is 13, I hope she makes it to 14
nothing says "black lab" like fishing for validation on the internet
Unconditional love
This old dog
Did he pass on? All I want to know because if so I’m sorry if not I hope he lives an even longer healthier life!
And now he’s like, “dude, put me down.”
He's such a lovely and good doggo
19 years🤯
I thought the dog made the post
Pooch is in amazing health -- and both clearly happy. Never forget:)
Live long pupper(*＾3＾)/～♡
Good boi
My best friend was pit/rot mix and my parents got him when i was a baby and we grew up together he gave me 18 of the best years ever. A couple months before i left home he passed, it was really rough watching him go down hill as he developed a tumor in his throat and wasn’t able to swallow his food, his hips started going bad to and he could barely make the step down from my sliding glass door onto the patio. To make things worse the night/morning before my mom told me that it was time to put him to sleep i had dropped lsd with some friends and it hadn’t worn off when i ended up having to go to the vet to be with him before he went. It was the hardest thing i ever experienced to this day im talking it was like i could see every awesome moment we shared through those final moments and i cried uncontrollably i couldn’t believe he was gone and i stayed there holding him for a lil while after just cause i didn’t wanna leave him.
Bruh your parents must be going to the pet store pretty often
Didn’t know dogs could post on Reddit
https://youtu.be/D-PCXK8mSc0
Wtf. That brown skin don't show age!! Lucky fella
*unconditional love
You dont look 19
He is adorable
Any tips from OP on diet? I feel like there is too much information about dog diet to comprehend out there! (Or anyone with some good advice?) cheers!
I had a pit bull lab mix, we had to put him down after eighteen years. He was the built in babysitter for all three of my children. May your best bud rest in peace and enjoy chasing all those rabbits in heaven.
So cool! i need a dog so badly!
Excuse me how has OP remained handsome at every stage of his life
Who is 19 you or the dog.
Not sure who posted this
My dog is going for the long sleep today, one more hour. Browsing reddit to take my mind off of it and I see this on the top. I'm glad you had a great 19 years with your friend.
😆 Whenever I see posts like this I laugh out loud because I always imagine it's the pet who wrote the post.
Aww so cute. But don’t forget OP, you have given that human 19 years of love too.
Amazing. Lucky both of you for sharing that love.
bottom right photo, that dogs seen some shit
My personal theory is that if you give a dog enough love they live longer
Awwwww
I can't imagine being loved unconditionally for 19 years.
You son of a bitch I wasnt ready for this tonight.

Love him, hes a good boy and you're a good man.
Guys could you help me raise some money to fight corona in India thanks. https://donorbox.org/vinesh-sharda-prakash-s-campaign-to-provide-masks-to-protect-1000-people
🍾Here's to 19 more xx
a real relationship ... long-lasting and bonds together forever💕
Good for fucken you guys. Congrats man

For real
So sweet 🤗🤗🤗
How's the sex?
I hope he lives forever.... 😭😭😭
That.... does put a smile on my face
Sorry for your loss if he’s gone. Its a beautiful life growing up together.
That's my secret, I'm always grateful
r/upvotebecauseboy
U did ur very best I am sure and loved him too
This makes me cry. My dog is going soon, I've spent so much time with him. We had good times together and it just makes me really sad thinking about this.

At the moment he's still energetic and living a happy life but the onset of a brain tumour has made me really worried.
You're lucky to have had such a long time with him! I hope he's as healthy as can be.
19 more
Hope he beats the world record for the oldest dog
If his 19 years old so does that mean he is one with the 19 year old army?!?!
Wait no wrong subreddit sorry
He looks cute in the first picture and handsome in the last
what's more important is that you gave HIM 19 years of love.
Who's cutting onions? Stop, I can't see my screen.
You don't look 19 in the last picture.
Such a good boy.

Everyday I strive to be the person my dog thinks I am.
Dogs give you unconditional love. You can't find that in human. Had to let my dogs go few years ago  fobear at 13 and a half and cairo at 16.
F bro R.I.P
😍
Whao! Do dogs live that long? Still looking good.
19 years 😍
😪
They say that you get one good dog in your life! I was blessed to have a golden retreiver for 15 years! His name was Rhea’s Golden Chevas Mignon!
May he rest in peace❤
*If it takes forever, I will wait for you*...
He is too adorable! What's his name?
Loyalty 💓
haha veeeryyy fuuunnyyy
What a good boy 😃🐶
I had a cat who pasted away this year. It was a month before her 21st birthday :(

She was an angel. She never bit or scratched me. As much as I miss her, she started suffering from mild dementia. When she would wake up she’d panic, not knowing where she was. Then after seeing someone she recognized she calmed down and would go over and lay with them and purr.

I feel your pain and wish you all the best!
Oh my god! you are the long love and the love is lasting forever!
Awwwwww
Animals can be sweeter than humans sometimes.
Prove me wrong.
You've given him 19 years of love
Nice
Wholesome. A great life he had with you, I'm sure. <3
will you look for another human soon or have some time on your own first?
Owner is also a very good boy & dog
Reminds me of my Family’s Pot Hound.
[removed]
one of the best post i see this day <3
Aww. rest easy, good boi.
i wanna give you 19 years of love
You can tell he loved the dog from the get go, that look in his eyes in the first picture that says "I will beat you if you hurt him"
Man that's beautiful ♥
Aaaaw
I'd wish they live forever 😔 I lost my girl in August last year, and it was devastating. Now I have another puppy and she has helped us immensely in our grief process. Dogs are amazing, I'm happy that you have shared 19 years with your friend. I'm sure you two must have lots of stories together.
Lost mine to an osteosarcoma at 12, would have loved 19. Well played OP.
This always makes me sad and happy at the same time.  Good dog, good human
Awwe
I am not crying , you’re crying
Sorry for your loss. We lost our 13.5 year old dog last month.
I ain't worried bout a damn thing, with unconditional love ❤ 19 is amazing well done both of you!
a very good doggo.. sending him a hug.
Your Pupper is wonderful and so are you!
My 19 year old cat died two weeks ago.
Nice
Absolutely precious 🥺
I hope my sweetie pie lives that long. He's 11 now.
I just commented to make the comment count 667 than 666 cause this is too cute
Old doggo
Dogs are the best
It's one day at a time. Human and our four legged friends. Take life in 24 hrs segments and try to live in the now.  I asked my vet if I my furry friend would go to heaven. He said if course, heaven would be such a drab place without our friends.
Incredible that is a very good age for a dog I guess you took great care
Is that a hooters shirt?
in picture 4, his hair is a little shaggy, but he still looks like he can go.

19 is a long time.
awe that is so sweet, my old boy just turned 16 a day after surviving a stroke and he is back to being his normal grumpy old man self. I am so glad your old boy has given you 19 yrs of love; its quite an amazing and unique experience to be able to grow up with your pup. Sending lots of hecka good boi love your way.
wondering about his diet. Saw a TED talk once, where a key to dog's longevity was regular feeding of broccoli, eggs, and other pure foods additionally to dogs regular food
Can we just appreciate this man for being such an awesome owner? His lab has lived for 19 years! Getting any dog to live for that long just proves that you're an awesome owner.
Good boys
You have both aged incredibly well,  &he is the goodest boy!
damn, 19 is a long time. He lived a good long life.
Good boy
That’s way old for a big dog.
I grew up with a beautiful golden Lab called Vicky. She lived to around 17 years before passing in 2016.
you kept those guns your entire life huh
Aaaaww, I'd be the luckiest girl alive if my dog would make it to 19. Well done for taking such good care of your doggo!
Serious question. I love with elderly parents. In a separate apartment of house. How risky is it for me to adopt a dog right now — I.e. coronavirus.
Old ass
The love of your Dog Was so big that he dont want to go!
Not implying anything here, but try to spend the most time with him and give him lots of treats
best buddy ever!
poor owner, he will be missed
Good boy
I’ll assume that the human posted this and not that the dog has just lost his human friend..
Still a king
Ugh. That’s heart breaking.  
Usually other long nerves will be affected. Their back legs will get weaker and weaker. You’ll be able to hear their back nails scraping on hard surfaces when they walk. Eventually they’ll lose bladder and bowel function.  Like watching a train wreck in slow motion. I’m tearing up and it’s been 10 years.
I was about to say he's the good-est of boys, but that would be wrong. He's a good man! Cheers to 19 years!
Can I ask what you fed the dog? 

I’ve known all sort of labs, and by age 14 they were all covered in tumors and I’ve never seen one that big live past 15.

What’s your secret?
Wow he actually stood there for 19 years what a madlad
Me trying to figure out if the last one is Bears Football or Hooters Grill 🧐
Wow, 19!?! That's amazing! Can I ask what you food he eats?
Wow 😍
My new pup is only 5 months old, this made me so sentimental I got her up out of her bed to snuggle in mine. She is currently snoring in the small of my back, hope for many more years with her. 

19 years is incredible!
You’re so fortunate to have a fur babe for near 20y!! ❤️🐶
19 is very long for a dog, and especially a big dog 

&#x200B;

you were a very good owner to the dog
why am I crying
Gosh I hope my boy can be with me that long
I can tell from your backyard and from your shirt you’re a Chicagoan like me. If you need anything let me know. I know it’s not easy.
This is beautiful.
This makes me wish I’d taken more photos with my pets instead of the few I have of them. 
Really helps solidly just how long their in our lives and how much they mean to us.
Like I could see in photos how they aged but I couldn’t see the comparison directly to how I’ve aged if that makes sense.
Best friends forever! You guys are made for each other :)
And he’s the best friend you’ll ever have...
As did you.
Nothing better than a dog
Wow! You two have grown so much together. He looks like a lovely doggo.
He’s got “chill old dog” vibes. He looks so healthy for 19 tho
My Aunts dog, Cash is 13 years old never really acted like a dog other than swimming something snapped is his head now he acts like more of a dog than ever awesome dog loves pets and hugs
Wow , you have obviously looked after him well - good job !
Mexican Mark Ruffalo?
My shitzu-bischon mix only lasted till 10.5yrs! 

What a ride! Enjoy dog heaven my 19year old friend- after 19 years there is definitely a spot waiting for you! Albeit dusty from you enjoying your good times but better ones  ahead! 

I know it’s tough but you gave him one hell of a life brother! Stay strong- stay positive- and think of the good times (just like he would do) 

Cheers 🍻🍻
I know how if is to lose a pet. I lost my dog, Sonny, to cancer. November 9th of 2017. God bless you.
You sure that's not Rocky 2, Doug?
So precious ❤. May you have plenty more joyful years left with your beloved friend OP.
you’ve done a good job taking care of him. dogs normally don’t even live up to 15
Now THAT is what I call a good boy 
Maybe even the bestest boy
Such a happy, beautiful girl❤️
Congratulations!
Best love in the world
I love him :)
Miss-chee-vyus instead of Mischievous
All of my love goes to your sweet pup ❤️
Good boy! Our black lab Jake aka jiggy butt turned 18 this April and just keeps chugging along. Such a good boy. 

Caring for an elderly dog can be a lot of work. Good on this guy. He knows.
19 years of love and friendship last forever
I had a lab with a leg(deformed from birth) who lived for 15 years and 9 months to the day. He was the Goodyear boy I ever had.  I miss him very much and it’s been 8 years.
That is a love that is priceless. You are so blessed. :)
Wow, 19 is amazing!
Pets just don’t last long enough :(
And you’ve given him a lifetime of love.
Assuming that all upvotes I’ve seen are in the thousands and not millions, this post might be one of the highest upvotes I’ve ever seen at a little past the 1K mark.
Doesnt even look too old
Dude, you really look like Chris Wood, one of the top dodgeball players in Canada.
Bless you for taking good care of your pup.
What a LUCKY guy you are!!!!
I love you both.  AWESOMEly heartwarming.  LOVE   19 years.  You sure took great care of him......and him you, I'd guess.  Just love this.  thx for making my day
If you know what I mean
Not to take away from the post, but you look like the most generic person I have ever seen
What’s your secret?! I have a big boy as well and would love to have him around that long! Good job ❤️
You somehow got younger in that last picture.
My molly is 18 and she's having some isuses with her heart but other than that she's all good! Hats off to you for taking such good care of him!
19 wow!!! Handsome feller
“Fucking Awesome.”
My dream! You have to share what you’re feeding him! 🙏
There is no better friend than a dog. What a great friendship you have experienced — both of you! Thanks for sharing.
Here’s to 19 more :)
You are welcome. I also make my own dog food. I hope that helps !
I am sorry about what happened I lost as well my little doggo 2 months ago. Let him rest in peace.
And you have given him his life. Looks like a good boye 10/10 definatley would pet.
You got that right. Pure love. I'm sure you gave it back. Thank you for being a wonderful person.
Senior dogs are the best. We had one for 19 years and another for 17. My old fella right now is almost 13 and still going strong.  Congrats on 19 years of pure love.
Precious
😘❤️😘❤️
I don't know why this picture gives me tears in my eyes.
Your pup had a long and magnificent life. You took great care of him/her. Hopefully you'll be blessed by his/her spirit. Love life friend!
that's wonderful, you have been blessed to have him with you.
If you want to know why the state of the "World" seems so chaotic

Look up "The Jesuits" and their History

 [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Society\_of\_Jesus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Society_of_Jesus) 

This is beyond stunning.
Damn 2 cute boy on the same pic ! Wow
That is very sweet.  That brings tears to my eyes.
True star boys! You've done great looking after him and I'm sure, *he's always going to cherish the love you've both shared and he's going to shine bright like the star he is.* 

&#x200B;

Got a tad bit emo but love to the both of you. You're a lucky one to have had him for so long :)
Life is pain.
I love this.
Incredible. What a wonderful relationship. 
It’s gonna break your heart when he’s gone.
So very beautiful, I’m envious.
He looks so happy in every picture!  It shows the love between you!
I love anyone that recognizes that pets are forever!
how?
Wow, that has to be quite the bond. It will be super shitty when the end comes. Sorry man.
What do you feed him? You’re doing something right he still looks great especially for 19!
i know this might get buried but “humans are like elves to dogs” 

https://i.imgur.com/qi9AySW.jpg
Looks like a sweet pupper boy.
How do you feed him? (Serious question)
You are a very luck person and your puppy must love you very much to stick around so long. It looks like the love goes both ways.
aw
Good boy
Makes my heart smile!
I just found out my dog is gonna be put down Monday I just wanna remind you to love on him as much as you can cause they deserve it through everything they’re there for you.
Wow, 19 years!!! God bless you both! May your bond go longer like this 😊
Your love for each other is clear. Thank you for sharing this.
19 years he lived 9 years more than I expected
What's the order of the pictures dude
Awwww

You are both adorable - what great bois!
Awwww♥️
I'll take science over religion during an on-going pandemic please.
You look like you've gained weight a few times and lost it all a few times, probably. Nicely done! And your dog is beautiful.
 
Jesus Christ it was actually a compliment and I wasn't at all trying to be rude guys.
Fake
Now he’ll give you about a week of meals.
Wow that is One Old ass dog
if u don't upvote u r gay
Now I suggest you find a human spouse
How’s the landscaping business been over those years?
r/HolUp
Honestly though that dog probably has a lot of arthritis and picking it up at that age is almost definitely very painful
Why not 20????
Weird fetish, but ok
He gonna die soon
[deleted]
how heartwarming. 19 years is so long for a dog, you must be an amazing owner
