Congratulations! Gus looks thrilled!
You know that’s right.
[deleted]
I’m so happy for you!! Train him to sit in his own seat first tho! Trust me! And get him a car harness! Much safer
Cute lil guy tho!
If you're going to get a dog, buy a safe transport Box right away. Like that, if u have an accident and the airbag goes off, your puppy will get crushed between you and the airbag.
Reddit loves Gus. 

But Gus needs to learn to sit in the back and wear a doggy seatbelt. 

Also, tell Gus he's a massively cute little fellow.
[removed]
Congrats. Don't drive with a dog in your lap for fucks sake.
*Gus entered the life*

***

*Wiggle wiggle*
Why does this subs titles always follow the same formula?

*Some random backstory* ALWAYS followed by "Reddit, meet [NAME]"
Congrats and good luck to u and you’re wife! Love him every day and he will do the same
Perhaps it is short for Burton “Oilcan” Guster?
Bruton Gaster approves.
He looks so happy!
[deleted]
He legit looks he's straight out of a movie
Tell gus I love him
Gus looks so happy :) so glad you and your wife were finally able to get a dog. They are such a wonderful positive energy to have around. Feed them lots of love and you'll get it back tenfold.

BEST. DESICION. EVER.
This picture is stupid. Get ther dog off your lap of you're driving. And you've got a metal leash on him IN the car,if something happens that leash can get tangled.


I can understand not ignoring certain precautions but a lot of it is common sense. Would you drive with a toddler on your lap?
Gus fucking rules
Gus looks like a G
You know that’s right!
He looks so ready to chew everything you own.  Congratulations!
Sup' Gus!
Can I call him Ghee Buttersnaps?
Yaaaaaaaay!
You will call him Gussy and Gus Gus. Also Gussy Goo. I'm an expert...source: We have our own Gus
I see an image of a dog on his chest.  I wonder what Rorschach would say about that.  He is the goodest boy.  Enjoy him.
Me and my SO are also waiting to get a doggo as soon as we leave our apt! I dream about that day, It's nice to know we're not the only ones that have had to put that dream on hold.

What kind of dog is he? 

Congratulations! Gus is so cute! And definitely a name on our list :)
Congrats! And what a great name 😁
Dogs are the best!
Gus looks like a very happy pup ☺️
Gus looks like a wonderful addition to any pack
Oh Gus Gus how cute you are
Long life and good health, OP. Have big fun.

 "On Talking (sic) Terms With Dogs - Calming Signals" by Turid Rugaas

I have been a devoted dogfriend for almost six decades. This book taught me more in an hour than I had learned in three quarters of a lifetime.

Peace
Dogs always seem so happy when they’re hot.
I have a Gus! Got him 7 years ago from the shelter (Shepard mix). Best wishes to you and your Gus.
1 month into our first apartment that accepted pets, we adopted our dog. Priorities.
Wow you look so excited!
Day coot
Now get Gus a good harness.
I love the dog's face that it's making
Come on son 


Wait for iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit
This is wholesome
Gus looks like he's not really sure what's going on but he sure is happy about it. Hope he loves his furever home!
I FEEL YOU. Congrats!!!!!!!!!
He’s gonna be a good boy!
So cute! Hi Gus. He looks so happy.
he said :D
Someone’s excited to be going home with you!
Gus, you are beautiful. 💜
Also bought a house to get a dog about 3 years ago.  Amazing decision.  Might get another couple houses and another dog for each.
I’d die for Gus. 🥺❤️
Okay but you like like Anakin Skywalker
So your just gonna melt our hearts with no warning huh?
So adorable!
I just want someone to look at me like that 😭
Hello Gus! You look very cute and you're very lucky to own this family because im sure they love you much. I hope, you have a loonngg and healthy life with your family 🖤
Ah man we are so almost there! 
We rented for 12 years and couldnt get a dog. 
Finally bought a house last year but garden needed full renovation. 
Almost finished that (myself) and started looking for our new puppy. 
Lost my job due to Coronavirus. 😰
So waiting until I can find employment again, then the search for our Forever Friend is back on...! 🙏
Be careful! We bought a house and ended up with 4 dogs 2 cats and no children. Been married for 18 years 😊
I love him
Hi Gus, you look like you're going to be a handful LoL

Good luck and train him as much at possible when people.. They're little sponges
I would die for gus
My childhood dog’s name was Gus. Such a sweet boy. My parents had him longer than they had me. Lived to be 15 and died when I was 11. That was painful. I still think about him often.
 you had 6 years to think of a name and you picked Gus
We're going on 11 years of the same thing. Congrats on finding a more inclusive place, and on the pupper!
Love the Honda!!!
I've been looking to move to the town I work in. If they don't accept cats, then they don't accept me. I am not giving up my cat for a place. I'll commute.
Airbag goes splooge.
Gus is going to shit all over your walls, that dog will track it all over the floor and onto
your goddamn couch!

...sorry, just projecting from this morning’s fiasco...
[deleted]
How adorable, Congratulations!!
This is the dream my friend! Hope you three have a happy life together.
Wow! 'You are all going to have such a good future together you can see it in his face.
What a winning smile!
I love him already.
Sweet baby boy
congratulations! cute little dog
Did you have to do research about how to raise a dog before splashing on one? I want one in the future but I have a very busy lifestyle and I'm not sure if I'm eligible.
Congrats, now stop driving with a dog on your lap.
Bro you look *stoked*
Those apartaments sucks so much dude, i live in a same condition.
Hi Gus, you're gonna get spoiled!💗💗💗
So cute and wonderful
Congratulations! He looks so happy.

.Cute baby.
Happy doggy makes me happy! 😍
Hi Gus!
happy for ya bro, everyone should have a dog in their family,  it makes the family happier and closer.
Damn he's happy
Hi Gus! Congrats to you all!!
Congrats.  So cute
HI GUS!!!
Happy doggy 😍
What a face!
Hi Gus!  Congratulations!!
Yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Gus looks pumped. Congrats to all of you.
Must have been tough sneaking your kid in and out. /s
Hi Gus! I love you
Lucky dog!
I know that feeling, I went 4 years right after college in an apartment that didn't allow dogs... The 8 year drought was nearly unbearable. We got a house and had 2 dogs within 3 months

Congrats on yours, he is adorable
OH MY GAWD THAT FACE
Hi Gus! You are adorable
Exactly that. Lol, I love my dog though...
I did this for 8 years, now I'm living in a duplex with my wife and two wonderful Kitties.
Gus is awesome
Congratulations to you all!!!
That's the bestesetestsesetstttt smile ever!
Good boy Gus
How
6 years and can’t come for bulbasaur.
Congratulations, you really deserve it after escaping both Fox River and Sona!
HI GUS! He looks like all the happiness in the world in one small package.
Congratulations what a cutie!
Is his full name be Gusward? He's so adorable
What a happy face!
Grats!! Looking to do the same when I move in a few months, can't wait.
So cute!
We just adopted and named ours Gus as well. We thought we were being so original, lol

PS 
Our Gus IS named after Burton Guster
Hello Lord Gus!
That's a happy boy! Enjoy!
Welcome home Gus!
Omg he looks exactly like my dog. Passed away 2 years ago, but brought SO much joy in my life :')

Gus looks like a bundle of joy! He's about to spend an extremely fulfilling life with you guys <3
Hop on the bus, Gus
Oh my God he's adorable.! Congratulations on the new home and the new family may God bless you all!
Gus rules ❤️
Monitor your dog closely, make sure he doesnt sell any meth
Hi Gus
Congratulations!❤️
Welcome, Gus!!!
Hi Gus!!

Give Gus a hug for me. He’s a good boy!
May Gus live a long and happy life full of love and may he provide you guys with the amazing support that pets provide. Congrats!
Hi Gus, I’m Gus
i do this even when i’m so moved
  Beautiful Puppy!
Ah yees Gus is the correct name for that dog, perfect.
Is it bad that once I finally get to own my own dog I want to name him Dog?
Awesomeness I'm really happy you shared Gus on reddit 😁
Hi Gus :3
Gus is the best name. I had a cat named Asparagus, but we called him Gus.
Well he's fuckin adorable!!
:D
\- "Guess what my dog's name is?" 

"Harry"

\- "Gus"

"I just guessed Harry"

\- "No, Gus"
Air up your tires.
That face just screams: PET ME!
In my house he would be Gus Gus by the end of day 1.
Happy Fellow!
I want Gus
*Gus* I’ll just sit and cry about how happy this makes me
Give Mr Gus a hug for me :)
Hi Gus
Gus is a little cutie!
You have chosen wisely.
Gus Gus :)
Your life will never be the same again:)  Gus is 100% worth it, enjoy your new puppy
Congrats! One day it'll be me!
That puppy is adorable, and looks like he LOVES to drive the car!
Hi Gus!
He looks so happy
What breed of dog is he supposed to be?
Are you prepared for the amount of fun you're going to have?  Also be prepared to talk poop with strangers on the street, you'll be analysing dog poop.  When you return home after walking Gus, you or your  wife will ask how was his poop?  Believe me, it will happen.
OH GusGus! Please give him a small tee shirt!!!
As look at that smile!
Hello gus
He looks like a gus
The markings on his chest look like another doggy silhouette. Love his smile! Congratulations!
“I know, you know, they ain’t tellin’ the truth”
Happi boi
Congrats on the pup OP, sorry Reddit had a seizure over your picture.
That must be a lovely feeling! Wishing you all happiness!
Is it a Boston Terrier?
Hes a handsome doggo. Congratulations!
Type of dog please?
Eyes on the road Gus!!
They're like a bottomless void... of cuteness!
What a coincidence. I’m listening to Lil Peep’s ‘Live Forever’. This must be a sign
Gus looks thrilled!!   You sir, do not.....
Lil Gusdoggo Fring
First thing I did after moving into my current place was looking around at shelters for cats.   
Congrats!
Gus Gus!!!
Congratulations!! Can't wait to get to our day like this! Apartments suck!
Lucky Gus!
 That’s what you call cute
Welcome to a loving home, little lucky fur-baby
Nice car what kind of car is that
Best decision you both made . Good luck
Gus is a little cutie! Congrats on the new family member!❤
Hi Gus! Congratulations on winning the Internet today!
Yay!! Enjoy!!!
I love your Honda! CRV?
I would watch a disney live action movie starring this pup
This is me right now. Looking on pet finder dreaming of a little companion. Congratulations! I hope to be like you some day
imagine obeying those slave owner-esque anti pet dealios
Hi Gus
Hello Gus you’re the greatest thing on earth
Sup Gus! I'm Quick, nice to meet ya!
My god, 6 years without a pet(best friend). I am 100% sure that Gus will never make you sad, even make you happy during your sadness
Don't crawl his ears too much until he's older. Sweet buddy nonetheless.
Just make sure he isn't running a restaurant and laundering drug money
Damn, I’ve never seen a dog so happy
Congratulations! On the house and Gus!
As someone who’s dad won’t even let me get a fish even tho I got an empty 80 gallon tank in my room, u must be HYPED. Congrats on your new best friend
I want weekly updates on Gus
What breed is he?
He’s so happy
Hay Gus. Congrats on your new life buddy
He looks so happy!! What kind of dog is it?
OMG, he looks so happy!
This has already become a meme format
Look how happy he is to be going home! Amazing.
Very nice to meet you Gus~ So happy you have found wonderful Hoomuns to call your very own..I'm pawwsitive they will love you and pet you and keep you furever 🐾
Papa had some hot runner legs
What breeds that
Your seat looks interesting
Cuteee but put him the back sear
Congratulations to you all (and Gus!)
Gus you are ridiculously cute. Enjoy your new home
I hope you love your Gus like I love my Gus.  My Gus is a shepherd.  Great Picture!
Gus the bus.
Great name!
Apartments don't accept dogs but accept kids...
He's so happy!!!!
Which one is Gus?
Godddd I want a fucking dog SO badly!!!! AHHHH It's cute little floofer face
I would give my life for him
Landlords: 
Oh you have a tiny dog? NO.
Oh, you have a bunch of kids that draw on walls and piss everywhere? What am I,  A monster?
He looks so happy. What a cutie!
Baby Gus is awesome. Congratulations on your new family member!
Imagine driving home with a newborn sitting in your lap?
He's adorable. I'm happy for all of you. <3
What does this have to do with Geroge Floyd?  We need this crap to stop making front page, focus guys!
For several years, my wife and I lived in an apartment in Philly that didn’t allow pets. Our dogs and cats LOVED that place!
He is handsome!  Hi Gus🐶
He do be cute though
Congrats! I’m excited for you guys
he looks so happy! just bright eyed and ready for the world, aww
Handsome man, handsome dog! Perfect duo.
T T on his chest cause he's 10/10
Who's a good dog?  He's a good dog.
Damn, Gus looks like a happy pupper!
Gustavo Fringe aka Gus
Sx
Hi Gus!!
i love that young people now buy a house not because they’re wanting children but because they want a dog 🥺
Is that Mark Wahlberg?
Gus looks so happy!  Congratulations.
Hi Gus!!
I want to hoop his nose! So cute, congrats!
I'm sure OP got the message about car safety after the first 5 people mentioned it
a cutie pie 🥺🥺🥺
He’s gonna EAT YOUR TOES.
What a happy boy! Worth waiting for.
HE IS SOOOO ADORABLE
So happy for you !
If you live in a place that doesn’t allow animals or certain breed of animals you are not allowed to have DON’T GET THAT PET. The landlord will find out, they will charge you for it. They will also only give you two options to either get rid of the pet or break your lease.

This is how so many pets end up in the pound and have to be put down. Don’t get pets you are not suppose to have. You will ultimately cause the pet a lot of suffering because of your willful disregard of the rules.
GUS IS THE BEST CAN I PET GUS?
Proper name too.  Congrats.
What a happy boy! Congrats! Dogs make life so much better.
That car is now the designated Gus Bus.
Black don’t know anything, Martin"
One day 66, one day
Hi Gus Gus!!! So sweet!
Nice name. Nice doggo
So, how'r ya now?
I would die for Gus
Gus looks thrilled, but the dude looks like he was just diagnosed with herpes.
Is his name a reference to tv show Phych? 

Nevertheless, awesome looking doggy. He looks super happy!
What a cutie!
We all love gus, best puppo
Dogs are the best.
Nice Honda. I'm sure it gives you the reliability, and comfort.
While still being affordable, and rugged enough to take anything you can throw at it, with room for you, and tour growing family!
Those ears are a sure sign of a sweet goofy happy\~go\~lucky doggo!

That loving smile doesn't hurt either!!!

Congratulations!!!
You have the upmost focus haha is crash in a heart beat looking at him
Oh for crying out loud that dog is criminally too cute. Look at those ears! That smile!
Hello, Gus.
Don't drive with a young dog on your lap...
Howdy gus
He is simply gorjysssssss!
GUS!!! 🍻
What breed is that?
A lot of these comments are from the same people who will call into shows if there's a swear word. 


Don't have the dog on your lap. If you're driving over 5mph, consider putting a seatbelt on your dog and if you're dog gets big boy and you think at any point you may be in a severe crash, say, a long distance / highway drive, yes you should probably get a dog crate.


But you don't owe these people nothing. They're talking so weird..


You'd think dogs would be extinct by now and the world didn't exist pre internet. So bizarre these lot who frequent r/aww
Gus looks sooooo happy as you guys will be having a dog!! Sooooo excited for you and your wife, and Gus too!!
7
Congrats on your new cute fur-kiddo!
That’s the name of my dog :)
you are good people, and that is an adorable pup. congratulations on your new life!
Congrats!  He’s a super cutie!


We are in same situation. No pets on lease. And now my 5 yo is isolated. We were already talking about getting a pup for the family in the before times.
You really look like TheDetailGeek from youtube!
Just do what I do, skip the dog and go for a kid. They're cuter anyways.
Should've named him Reddit
My man resisted the urge of the cuteness and drove safely.
Man's best friend looks excited!
I fucking love pits! I’m not allowed to get one in my new apartment so I’m getting an Aussie Husky mix for my first dog in my new place. Congrats on your puppy!
What a total cutie!!
I love how our rental went from no pets, to a hedgehog, to a hedgehog, and two cats (they only know about the one)
Don’t drive with a dog in your lap... this seems like common sense.
Gus Gus oh mighty Gus, king of all the playground. Gus Gus oh shiny Gus ,we're glad such a great king we found!
I love Gus already
Looks like he's as excited as you are. Congratulations!
Yo Gus, nice to meet cha!
that smile 😍
great. now your mutt can keep people up at all hours of the day because you wont bother to shut him up.
Where's your seatbelt tho
Sup, Gus!
Aww. My first dog who grew up with me was called gus, he died two days after my 14th birthday. Rip dawg
Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwe. He's so adorable♡
Gus bus
Wise decision 🦴🥩
Learn to look after your dog you fucking spoon OP
Aw maaaaan those puppy teeth. All chomps and cuddles.
Yay, Gus!
Gus looks so happy to be alive, he's adorable 😊
Whats up, new kid!
You’re a good boy, Gus.
Hi Gus!❤️
Gus looks annoyed to have a dog in his lap while he’s trying to drive. 

What’s the dog’s name, BTW?
Awww he is so adorable 😍
He looks goofy. I like him.
I love his floppy ear, may it never lose it's floppiness!
Gets new dog.

Uses dog as second airbag.

Profit.
Very handsome
And he was a good boy too
Awe! I have a Gus Gus! 

*actually he is Gustav Gustavovich Mont Pilliere Jean Gerard Lemmewinks La Champagne 

 But usually he just responds to Gus Gus

But congrats on your new woofer!
SUCH A HAM! I love Gus!!!
Hello gus
Congrats!
Looks like you've got yourself a patterdale terrier (at least a mix). They're stubborn but if you are consistent with training then they eventually become very obedient. High prey drive though - they will chase rodents and birds and when this happens their ears basically turn off.
YAAAAAAAASSSSS GUS!!! GUS IS A GOOD BOI!!!
U look like the main guy from prison break
Gus is my favorite dog name. I will always call every dog gus, until corrected by it’s human.
Hi guuusss 😍😍😍😍
Get him registered online as an emotional support animal for $70 and those apartments can’t say shit. Did it with my German Shepherd.
I dont want to make to much of a fuss but i love guss!
This is me in approximately 4 weeks when my gf and I collect our little pupper 😍🐶
Very nice! Congrats to you both!
That’s amazing! Getting ready to do the same thing as well!
Came for the headline; Stayed for that face!
Gus!
HE IS SO HAPPPYYYY OMG
The new American Dream
Looks like the happiest boi
Gus looks like he’s already living his best life, and it’s only going to get better! Congratulations to you all!
Is that Nico?
That's my dog's name!
Gus is your copilot now.
Is Gus your new airbag?
What kind of dog is Gus? I love him.
Wife?

You look barely 19.😂
That doggy looks happy
2014 Honda Accord EX?
Hi Gus! From a fellow Gus Gus.
Gus wants you to get you Check Engine light taken care of... 😉
Hi Gus!
Shouldn’t have his leash on in the car like that he could choke. But other than that hey Gus!
hello gus i love you very much
 I would die for Gus
He is ADORABLE. I have the opposite issue, I live in an apartment where I can have my cat, but now I have to find a nice place that also accepts cats, which can be hard :(
Finally freedom restored.
He's such a sweet little soul
Gus!
Couldn't have picked a better name! He looks like a Gus!
Gus!
Keep us updated.
Gus.....GUS BUS!

Seriously though, adorable pup. Enjoy it, theu grow up so fast.
That's a good pupperooni right there.
Aw look at those little paws. Congrats!
Congrats! My wife and I had to nearly sue for the same reason. Enjoy Gus and get ready for some good love.
Hi Gus!
OP:  I don’t have a clever poem or anything for you, but I will say congrats! He looks like a happy boy, and I’m sure that you and your wife will have many great years with him! 👍💯😃
What kind of dog is he?
NTBDBIWD for Gus :>
Congratulations. What a handsome little pup ya got there!
Is it just me or does OP look like Michael from Prison Break
Can’t wait for this day!
Great story. Thanks for sharing.
I would die for Gus TT Showbiz
Why's the fire so big Gus?
Scrolling through reddit and I recognized the face. Congrats on the new pup!
Gus: "Hurry home human. I need to sniff all over and pee so badly....never mind!"
I would die for Gus. Just look at that smile
Gus, meet the airbag.

(Hopefully not, but fuck man.)
Hello there Gus 👋 I'm so happy glad the owner is with you Don't you 😍😍😍😍😍
Gus is the person with the dog on his lap
He is so lovely))) I also love animals, but I live in apartment and I have 2 cats so I can't get a dog. But later perhaps I'll live in a house anad I'll be able to get a dog. Dogs are our friends and I think everyone should has a dog or at least a cat)
Those are some tight shorts, girlfriend!
LOOK AT THE HAPPY BOY OH MY GOSH
Sup
Bruh... get the dog but don't tell the apartment lol
Hello Gus.
Erobb?
Gus is blessed to have a great mom and dad!!
Gus is a goofy lil guy
Congrats! I was in a similar situation and it was one of the very biggest reasons for my move 6 years ago. My pups are my world.
Rich white people get puppy everyone wants!
Me Gusta!!
Hello Gus!
AAAAAAAAAAWWWWW! GUS ❤️
He hap
I've rarely seen a dog look more like his name.
Aww, what a cute boy, congrats on the new family member!
I did a shake whilst reading the news and omgsjsjsjosjsjdsh so cute
Hey Gus
I have a Gus. He’s a handful. Good luck!
What's your tattoo of??
Gus? Is that the dog they use in the Los pollos commercials.
Aww he’s a happy boi
My father's first dog was named Gus. He was a special boy. I hope this little guy is just as special for you.
What a cutie
Looks exactly like my friends puppy
Blessings to the new family! ♥️
My dog is named Gus too!
Nice to meet you Gus
Gus' smile made me smile.
I gus he's perfect.
Well seems your got your wish I'm happy for you owner really I'm God bless for you and Gus Infact have one to Her name is diamond Had her like for 7 years now 😍😍😍😍😍
Hey Gus he looks so happy! Now you have a little family:)
GUS. IS. BEAUTIFUL
I almost have the same pic with my girl Nebula
AKA Ghee Buttersnaps
My first dog was named Gus!
Cutie!
Does anyone know what breed this puppo is? A mutt maybe? I think I see some pit in there.
Always have a blanket down whenever you get a puppy. Those cute bastards love to pee
Gus wants you to wear your seatbelt when driving because you are now the center of his universe and he wouldn't understand if you didn't make it home one day.  He's a handsome pup!
Gotta zig before you can zag.  I did the same when I finally was able to settle down and by my first house, congrats!!!!
Hello Gus! Enjoy your new home and keep smiling, you're adorable.
If that airbag goes off...
Oh my he's such a pretty puppy. Who's a pretty puppy?
My husband and I rented huge beautiful apartments but they never allowed dogs , our apartments were huge but we made the decision to buy a house just so we could have dogs, cost us loads, it a shit house, it’s tiny but has a garden and it’s ours, we now have 2 German Shepherds and a big goofy cross Rottweiler/ Belgium Malinois, never been happier:)
That ear👍
That smile :D
As someone named Gus I feel FUCKING HONORED LOOK AT THER BEAUTIFUL LITTLE FACE
Gus, you are a lucky boy!
Gus fring!
I LOVE GUS!!!!
Gus is a great doggo
I think you ment a good boi
Congratz on your 1st son, so cute :D
Out of love for Gus Do not get in the habit of traveling with him like that. That airbag go puff and Gus will be no more. 😬
He's so sweet! Congrats!
Gus is the thirty second most popular dog name. You know the 90th, most popular dog name? Oreo
Gee Buttersnaps! Awwww!!!
That dog will die flying trough a window, get his neck  broken by the leash or crush by the air cushion, the second someone crash into you.  It's alright to have trust in your own driving skills but you should never trust others around you. I see you're wearing a seat belt for your own safety, the same standard of safety should apply to your pet as well.

Secure your dog in your car. Hundreds of thousands die each year from car accident. That's your first parenting lesson.

Oh and, 
Congrats on your new dog.

https://www.petprosupplyco.com/pages/car-accident-pet-statistics-america
I am really sleepy right now, and you pretty much guaranteed me good dreams.
Bro you look 18
Be nice to the carpet in your new home, Gus!
Gus Gus Gus!!!  Have fun in your new home buddy
Actually went "AWWWW!!!!!!" when I saw the pic. How adorable!!!
That dog is adorable.
Gus really, really likes Hondas.
Breed?
I'm currently in that waiting period with my SO- can't wait to recreate this photo ourselves when we move!
Every time I hear the name “Gus”, I think of the fatass mouse from Cinderella named Gus Gus. That’s all I have to say.
AAACK SO PRECIOUS
Get pet Insurance ASAP
He looks so happy!
If you could leave him off of your lap while you drive, *that’d be great*.
GUS LOOKS SO AWESOME I NEED A GUS IN MY LIFE HE IS SO CUTE
🥺🥺🥺hi gus👋🏽👋🏽
Gus looks freaking awesome.
Cute dog! Neat looking wife too!
His face omg
Could also get the dog registered as a therapy pet and the apt HAS to take him!!!
Did you adopt him?
Hi Gus congratulations to you your wife and your new addition
Hi gus!! You’re a cutie pie
Hi Gus!
Well, for me, living in our own house isn't that good either. Mom doesn't let Dad get us a dog.
Aww Gus is just the cutest little dog I’ve seen today
What breed?
Oh my dog, he’s adorable.
He looks like a Gus!
Gustor?
I loooooooove his "furrever home" smile
Omg, that is one cute boy❤
Congratulations!
What will happen if your move again? You'll have to buy a house!
Lol gus gus
Aw so cute
Hi Gus!!
So happy for you. It dosen't feel like " home" to me without a dog.
He’s adorable
I hope Gus is short for Colonel Angus. Or Gus Chiggins.
Why did I think his name was reddit when I first read this?
hey gus, tell your dad  to drive safe, not with you in his lap.  having diarrhea or puking on his lap while he as at afull stop  will get his attention.
Congratulations! For my whole 18 years of life my family was in the same boat, always renting places with a no pet policy. But we finally found a pet friendly apartment last year.. Six days ago we adopted our sweetest boy Fozzie the puggle. So glad to see you found your furbaby too!
GUS is a good boy
Is he named after Gustavo Fring?
You look good in tight little shorts and shirt btw.
Aw Gus reminds me of our boy Barley we just adopted a few weeks ago. Going to have so much fun (and frustration)!
That’s not cheddar that’s a mint.
hi me bader502
Lucky you !Hi Gus
Doesn’t get much better then having your special family member
Beautiful dog but he needs his own car seat.
Aw what a sweetheart.
Feel your pain- hoping to get my Gus next year
ITT: 60k people saying put your dog in a crate 🐎 💀
Gus was an excellent choice!
Gus is so cute!!!
Hey Gus!
Hody shirb Ibcat you named your dog Reddit
Hello Gus! I would die for you
Such a cute and happy pooch! Awesome!
We got thrown out of our apartment for having a dog since people in other apartments kept knocking on the door so the dog kept barking
HOWDY GUS!!!!!!!!!!!
Just because you can doesn't mean you should
That is one of the most cartoonishly cute puppies I have ever seen. Excellent photo
Hi cutie pie!
Looks like the wait was worth it
Hello Gus
Oh my gawd, he's gorgeous. Look how happy that lil guy is. Have fun loving the shit out of him.
He looks as excited as you most likely are
Hi Gus!
Cute pup. Your tires need air though!
Hi Gus! I want to have Gus
Wait, isn't that Bud from the Cosby Show?
What’s up GUS!?!? 🥰
Awww! Gus is adorable.
Nice
The joy in his eyes is incredible, he already knows he’s in a loving family that will take care of him. Plus he’s pretty damn photogenic
lets hope he doesnt turn into a chicken seller latino terminator
Hope he was a rescue!
Jesus Christ, I am super jelly. Been wanting to get a dog for a while, but I don’t know if how’s the right time for us (fiancée and me). 

All the best!
Good name.
Congratulations 🎉 hi Gus!
I love his paws! Looks like he stepped in paint. :P
How to get less apartment residents: don’t allow animals
[Everyone liked that]
Aww gus is adorable
Happy boy! I'm sure he'll love you guys so much!
Hi, Gus! 😍
Gratz to your new dog, Em
That dog is going to get so spoiled
That’s adorable. He really shouldn’t sit on you while driving.
Mans best friend.
He's freaking adorable!!!
Nice apple
I've got a Gus too

 [https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/gt5t6n/meet\_gus\_rescued\_2\_months\_ago/](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/gt5t6n/meet_gus_rescued_2_months_ago/)
Congratulations on your new baby! Gus looks ecstatic to be with you
I would die for Gus
Gus looks like he’s happier than you are lol
So happy for you guys♥️ goals!!
GRATZ. Im in the same boat. About to move and get a cat. Meow :)
Congrats! He looks so happy and excited to be with you all.
All you have to do anywhere is register your dog as a service animal and they have to allow the dog in.  You can sue.  Oh also they have to wave the pet deposit as well.
Aww! Welcome home Gus! I cannot wait till my husband and I move to our own home so we can adopt our own cute guy like Gus!!
Gus you beautiful baby
Bitches be trippin'
Talkin' bout my smile
They don't understand
This good boy's style

Cuz my name is is Gus
And I came to slay
And poop in the house
Every single day
Sweet baby boy
Look at that smile!
This gives me hope! I'm in this situation and want a pup so bad. We probably won't be moving anytime soon given the looming recession -_-
Omg he is so adorable❤️😍
Gus welcome to Reddit! You are welcome to come by anytime.
Tell Gus I love him.
It was meant to be, to wait that long and get such a nice lookin pupper 👍🏼
Moving just to get a dog is level 100!! 👍😊
So lovely, cute doggy
Awww, I have a dog named Gus too.

Hello other Gus!
What a good boi! Now get a proper chest strap that doesn't choke it when it wanna run faster than you :)
Congrats, dude. Enjoy the best relationship you’ll ever have (don’t tell the wife). Hold him tight it goes by too fast.
Hi Gus, nice to meet you.
11/10 such a good boye
ITT: A bunch of people telling you you're dog owning wrong.  Neat.
Lol my sister noticed this. Gus has to Ts on his chest.
He is really just too cute
Nice
OMG. GOOD FOR YOU BRO!   THAT'S A GOOD LOOKING POOCH. ENJOY HIM.  SPOIL THE SHIT OUT OF HIM.  👍✌️
Omg 😍 he’s so cute and happy!
LOOK AT THAT CUTE LIL' DOGGER SMILE
There is a lot of freedom living in your car for sure
Fuck me, that things adorably happy. And I hate dogs...
Hey Gus, pleased to meet you.
What breed?
He's adorable!
Congratulation, please take care of him
Congrats!!! He’s adorable! Living in apartments that don’t allow pets is so hard :/ I know the feeling, I’m trying to move out to have pets too
Aww, happy for you two..😉.All the best as you raise up him..
Hi Gus! Boudreaux sends his regards. ♥️
Adorable:)
He has the cutest face!!  He's going to be trouble-you can just tell.  But oh so worth it!
Welcome to the game, redditor Gus.
So cute)))
Welcomed with open arms might I say
Aww little ovaltine Jenkins....
Hi Gus, I’m so happy for you - that’s the best thing Ive seen all day!  And kudos to your new hoomans! ❤️
Keep him lots of love because he will do the same for you!
Hi gus!
Thanks, I like Gus
I thought it was deep-fried lizards.
congratulations! Look at this sweet face! ❤️👏🏻
Correction the dog got you. Oh he has you alright, he owns you.
It is literally the best thing ever. Moved into my townhouse with my wife and brought my dog with that I had prior to us getting married, had an ok yard, food enough for my boxer. Townhouse yard sucked, no room for him to run. Last year we bought a house with over an acre of space, he had so much room we got him a playmate. Now we have 2 puppers ruling the roost
He looks mighty happy!!
Hi Gus!!!💞
Hi Gus
He’s a good boy, AND a nice boy.
Well happy days, you do know all you need is a doctor script that your dog is a companion animal for your health and no place can ever refuse you. You don't even need to get him registered as such just the doctor writing it up as a prescription is good enough.
oh I wanna be friends with him.  he looks like suchaboi!
Congrats guys you will see, they are a medicine on there own.
Sweet CR-V
OMG 😍
He’s hella ugly
Hello puppers
Congratulations!!  Gus is adorable!! ❤
Gus! I love you!!
Hey Gus. You're a good boy and I love you.
Congratulations on the acquirement of two new humans Gus.
Gus is absolutely thrilled and I'm happy to see that. Spread the joy, pupper!
Aw love him!
Aww
Gus looks depressed.  Are you guys open to psychotropic medication?
Question:

What awesome type of pup is Gus?
 
Is Gus going to ever have pups? 

And I'll send you all the duck pics you want if I can find a pup like Gus!
“HELLO HOOMAN”
He adorable
♥️
AWE!
r/13or30 lol
Best decision you’ve ever made!
Gus is always such a jovially content name. I anticipate home getting swole and even more adorable.
Gus is happy you finally moved. Gus is happy you are his hoomans. Gus is happy because...
Never really was a dog person but this lil guy got me hooked. Cute ass lil mofo. What type of dog is it anyone know?
More like Gus bus.
Gus looks so sweet
Ahhhhhhh hi Gus
Holy cow, man. Have you not heard of ESAs? Are you outside the USA?
Gus looks like a skinny little twerp, the puppy in his lap in frickin adorable though!
Hi Gus
Sup, Gus?!
Gus is a bus
I hope that left ear never stands up straight.
Oh my goodness he looks like a delightful, what rehoming shelter did you get him from?
We're dog name brothers.
GUS 2020.
I don't usually comment on puppy posts about how cute they are.

But damn. He cute.
Hi Gus, from Gus.
Such a cutie!  Congrats, dogs are the best!
I really did not expect those kids to be able to transform convincingly, I thought they'd still end up looking odd or awkward. Nope, those are fantastic costumes
Fresh accord bruh
Awwww GusGus.
You look like you were in middle school six years ago
Oww omg. Congrats!! Gus looks adorable.
Amazing!
Your husband doesn't look very happy
Hi Gus 😁
The look of admiration.
Dont have his last name be Johnson or reddit will forever hate him. Secure you dog while driving just as you would a child
HDKSHFJJRHWKFH HI GUS
Cute dog! I see that your tpms light is on, too....the only thing I hate about my CR-V is that damn light. Tire pressure is spot on and the light always comes back on. PITA
So cute
Handsome pupper boi. Congrats.
Happy boy! He loves the Daddy.
Bruh he’s so cute
Awesome
Truly an amazing feeling! Good for you!
 Congratulations
Gus! /r/HalfFlops?
Awe
HONDA!
Gus? Gus Bus!
ADORBS! Congrats! ❤️🐾🐾
So cute, hi there, Gus
Aw he looks so happy!!
It's amazing when you can finally get a pet! I just recently bought a house and moved in - a week later I adopted two beautiful kittens. It's been wonderful, even with all the scratches!
That’s what I hate the most about renting. Not being able to get whatever pet you want. Congrats on Gus!
Dude you were so oppressed
So cute!
I misread your period for a comma. For a solid 10 seconds I thought you named your dog Reddit and was impressed.

Do tell Gus that he looks like the goodest boy!
What's the obsession with "no pets allowed" rentals? I can understand no dogs or birds because of nose, but why the broad ban? Cats, rabbits and ferrets are quiet.
Gus is very happy to be with y’all! Yay Gus Gus!
One day I shall achieve this feeling. Hi, Gus!
Congratulations!!! " And they all lived happily ever after." 💖💖
Can he sing star shopping
Now you should get one more, name it Walter & then just sit back and have fun.
I am really glad for you. He looks like the best boy.
Hi Gus, you cute baby!!!
When we first got my beagle from his former owner, we put him in a crate on the back seat. The little turd pooped in the crate the moment the car moved. He’s super cute but that was stinky.
Nice airbags
Fuck. Now I want another dog.
Omfg he's cute
Perfect match. Your life is going to be so much better. That bond is priceless. Makes you a better human.
Im gonna do it pretty soon!!!
Hey cute dog man! Do you know what the breed is by any chance?
He is perfect! Congrats!
first mistake. not having gus in a travel cage. get in an accident Gus is part of your rib cage.
There is anger in that man's jaw.
Youve been with your wife for 6 years now ? 
But... You look so young ! How old are you ?
Bruh this broke boy couldn’t afford a house for six years , that’s sad
He looks very polite
What it do Gus?!
He looks so happy
It's enough to make a grown man cry...
You look eerily like my cousin I haven't spoken to in years...
Hello Gus
I’m so excited for you. Love him forever
Gus reminds me of that (I don’t know what kind of animal it is?) in lilo and stitch.
I'm sure this has probably been said a million times but...DO NOT drive with pets in your lap! Your beloved pet will be a pancake if the airbag deploys in an accident. Plus, many morons will focus on the animal and not their driving.
I love dogs but they are so high maintenance! Can't leave the house for more than a few hours!
Hi Gus
He’s been waiting for you!
Sup Gus
Hey Gus !!!
Guss fring from los polos harmanos.
Look at his happy little face!
Why does the guy look like Channing Tatum from his side profile
Gus is a very happy camper! Congrats!
Roses are red 

Violets are blue

You know that

Gus is cute
What Breed is this OP? I’m dog illiterate.
Congratulations!❤️❤️👏👏
I live Gus!
He is Gus!

He is are Friend!

I will love him to the end
hi gus!
My dogs name is gus as well!
Hi gus
Owh
He looks adorable. Congratulations.
Gus is even smiling! Love it
Clay Jensen Is that you?
Gus! What a cutie! Congrats to you and your wife on your new baby!
Your wife has a lovely Adam’s apple.
He’s not very cute at all.........
Gussy wussy
Hi Gus!  💕
Hello, Gus!
This dog is so happy you waited.
Bad bad Gus!
Aww, Gus looks so happy to embark on life with OP.
That looks oddly similar to my dog as pup, very cute. Same black and white features in the same areas
Hi Gus ! Who's a good boy?
Hope he bring you both happiness
He's so happy to have parents. Good boy.
I actually read the title bit wrong. I read it "**After 6 years of living in apartments i don’t accept animals, my wife and I finally moved and were able to get a dog.** "
Hi Gus. I would die for you
PUPPALUPPAGUS!!
I would take the bus to go pet Gus.
So! Hekkin! HAPPY!!!
He’s so cute and happy!
Good boy here have my digital treat 🦴
what breed is that? it looks like my dog
I love the contrast of your faces
He looks soooooo happy :) you just made my day ;) thanks for the post and for Gus
He is a good Boi
He is PRECIOUS
Gus looks so hAPPY. I'll bet you and your wife are two lucky people to have him.
He's a very good boy
