You're goddamned right I'm talking babytalk to your pets, even if they hate me. Doesn't matter if they scratch, bite, make life hell trying to get a blood draw or put in a catheter and we have to sedate them, I will always tell your pet how wonderful they are.
Dude, if my dogs vet taught him tricks, I'd pay him extra.


Edit: the d
IS THIS WHY MY DOG KNEW HOW TO SHAKE WITHOUT BEING TAUGHT!
*DOCTOR INAPPROPRIATELY KISSES AND TOUCHES ADOLESCENT PATIENT*
That's just the videos they show you! Open your eyes people! She probably played with that pup for at least another half an hour! Geez
My dog loves going to the vet, and they fawn over him, so this is how I assume he's always been treated there.
I didn’t wanna be a vet when I was younger cuz I was too scared of dealing with dying animals 


I super regret this decision as an adult.

Edit: thanks for all the sadness guys. Seems I’ve made the right choice. Be nice to your vets please
My dog loves her vet so much that she doesn't even care about me when we're there. It's a social event for her.
Before covid, whenever we brought our corgis into the vet, one of the techs would come take them to say to hi to everyone working in the office and play with them. Our vet who sees all our dogs would always kiss them and give them hugs and say how much better they would make their day after having bad days from dealing with pets dying or being put to sleep. I’m glad my corgis can bring some joy to the people that keep everyones pets healthy.
Those monsters..
That pup is so adorable!
As someone who worked as an emergency critical care vet tech who now is almost a vet himself, I can tell you that yes, this is what happens.
Of course the vets care about the animals! Otherwise they wouldn't be doing it
I love my vet's too

My cat, Burt (or Mr. Burt), is known there as a "frequent flyer" because I took him there weekly once or twice a week for months. He had been diagnosed with lymphoma, and had to go through a harsh chemo treatment.

Everyone, including the ladies at the front desk, were always so happy to see him, and would tell me how everyone would go and take turns visiting him because he's such a friendly cat. 

Well, despite all odds, he recovered, and I didn't have to bring him back for quite a while. When it was time for a checkup, they brought me into a room with him in his carrier. The vet tec was all affectionate with him, and when she had to bring him to the back to do blood work, she just picked him up and left the room.

Part of me was a little worried Burt would get anxious and possibly scratch her. There was a window in the door that she left from, so I looked through it to see if there were any problems.

I saw her just standing in the hall with him. Just as I was wondering what was going on, I could hear from a distance someone shouting "MR. BUUUUUUUURT!" Another vet tec came running down the hall towards them, and started kissing him on the head saying how much she missed him. 

This is why I'll never change vet's
Vets are rated as among the most trusted profession
My vet is only doing curbside contact with the humans. I bet they enjoy their jobs a lot more when it is just the animal and not the human.
The vet fit my cat in and they told me she was a good girl. I know I live with a demon, but I can placate her with chicken so she rarely bites me.
My dog's vet is like this with her when we're all in the same room. I think they book an extra five minutes for each appointment just so she can play with the pets. I certainly would if I were a vet.
I’ve commented about this before but when we brought our 2 lb 8-week old pup to the vet for his first appointment, the vet was giddy and kept kissing him on the head - that’s how we knew we found the right vet.
Vets love animals. Doctors eventually grow to loathe Humans.
My friend is a vet tech faculty where I work. I took my puppy into their clinic and she had the BEST time. My puppy spent most of the day laying under the Vet's desk and the rest of the time being fawned over. I raised a litter of kittens (a pregnant cat was dumped on me. Spay & Neuter your pets folks!) and my vet tech friend has the only female kitten and she is SPOILED. Her best friend is a rabbit and it is ridiculously adorable. Vets & vet techs are great people.
I​ want​ the body​ camera on​ the​ vets.​ Not​ for​ suing but​ for​ cute​ animal​ video :)​
Never doubted it!
More proof that we don't deserve dogs...... so eager to please and love anyone they come into contact with!
can you get in trouble for "too much love?"
Had to check the subreddit before I opened the GIF.
My vets and vet techs are like this. They play and give them so many treats. It’s a testament from when my older bulldog was scared to go years ago but now my two bulldogs lose their shit when I pull up because they are so excited.
Worked in a clinic as a tech, I treated the pets better than my own. My pets get to see me and be loved on everyday, the patients get a month's worth of love in one day easily. I had a small diabetic kitty that was being monitored after an emergency vet visit, she rode around all week in my scrub pocket and would climb up on my shoulder if I wasnt giving her enough attention.
You have to love animals to be a vet
My cat would disagree.
I knew I loved my vet when she and the tech treated my dogs like they were their own. Pats, cutesy voices and reassurance, praise, and then the vet tech gave my Vivi a kiss in his head while she was keeping him still for a nail clipping. Vivi gave her so many smooches and his tail just wagged and wagged. And they always recognize Kite by name. They tell her what a good sweet girl she is, that they love seeing her. They love and respect my dogs, so I know they care, genuinely, and love helping animals.

And Kite has a cardiologist for a heart condition and the vet sat down to talk with me about my concerns when the whole grain free controversy started up. She didn't rush me, brush me off, or let the appointment end until I was comfortable. She took time to give Kite scritches and reassure me. That's 10x more than any physician I've ever had. Thank you Brookville Animal Hospital and Thank you Dr. Soydan for making me feel heard.
As a vet tech, can confirm
That's cute.. but I kind of do not want to know how my cats treat the *vets* behind the scenes.
this is one of the many reasons why I want to be a vet tech
Bruh if this is the typical interaction then being a vet is literally just getting to try out new pets all day (until shit gets real and a surgery or something is needed) but otherwise...
I came back to pick up my dogs after teeth cleaning. One girl had my boy on her lap while working on the computer. He looked almost disappointed at me picking him up.  Luckily my girl remained loyal lol
DESPICABLE
i think all vets do this and that is perfectly OK with me.
The secret life of vets
Can confirm, when my puppy was small i dropped her off for the day when i returned she was sleeping in the arms of the vet tech at the front counter. He said she was sad and needed cuddles, they had been taking turns with her all day.
Man that's a beautiful pup
Would been a vet because of all the animals I get to see and help but when you can’t help them anymore  is the part I couldn’t do . I had to put down my dog n the doc cried with us I don’t know how they do it
The way the dog closes his eyes and presses his head into her kiss. That's everything.
Am soon to be vet. Can confirm :)
The one thing that all vets have in common is that they LOVE their patients. It's really inspiring
Now I know why my dog loves going to the vet. Plus they give him treats.
I used to work for a vet hospital, and I always give extra loving to every pet even the ones we had to put down... those always get the most loving.
i act like this will all of the birds brought into my store even if i know they’d rip my finger open if given a chance
people who love their jobs don't have to work a single day in their lives. i suppose being a vet is one of them. unfortunately, many jobs aren't jobs that you can actually love, despite however "passionate" people claim to be during job interviews
I needed this. More than any other time, I need this.
I have a Golden retriever puppy just a bit bigger than this and now I totally understand why he didn't seem to give a shit when I pick him up from his appointments.
I don’t doubt this. I take my cavalier to the vets and she gets showered in love. Vets are so kind
I want vets to wear bodycams. For...äh...safety reasons.
Despicable. That wasn’t nearly enough kisses!
If you're going to repost at least change the title, please.
Well that’s just adorable
I wish my doctor would treat me like that
My vet performed brain surgery on my cat. She moved to another state the day after his last check up and told him she loved him as she said goodbye. Best vet ever, and im sure she loves all her patients!
The comments on this post made me realize that vets and vet techs are some of the unsung heroes during this crisis. I appreciate you all so very much ❤❤
What a monster. Do they treat humans?
It's not exactly behind the scenes if she's filming herself.
Sadly, these are the behind the scenes that are recorded
For a second I was worried about the title, then I saw this goodness!
Kissing
I’m ok with this
Love the interaction!
Well, boy, time to put you down.
That's an entirely unrepresentative video. How else can anyone, including vets, react to Golden puppies?
> *"OK look, Fido: I'mma play with you, and it's gonna be great.  But when you walk outta here, I'm going to need you shaking and whimpering, like that was just the worst experience of your life, 'K?  I've got a reputation to uphold!"*
I feel triggered...to pet my doggo❤
They arent social distancing.. what a monster!
I read the title of the post before seeing which sub it was in and immediately started to get angry...

Thennnnnnnnnnnnnnn....aww.
Good vet💟💟
This makes my heart melt
Oh yeah. He looks like a real problem patient...
On the bright side of their work, Vets have such an awesome job. They get to play with furbabies making them feel good and getting paid for it.
[deleted]
Sometimes I feel like my dog is more excited to see the vet than she is *me*, that’s how I know
Dogs man.
My family’s dogs love going to the vet. It’s hard to contain them when we pull into the drive way
i was so scared to watch this video, but then i saw the sub reddit name so now i’m okay
The goodest boyes and girles deserve nothing less than the goodest vets.
Omg. This is absolutely atrocious. I can’t believe people would even do such a thing?

WHY IS THIS VIDEO SO SHORT?
"Vets heart is left for dead behind the scenes"
#\#NotAllVets
This is criminal and must be stopped! My dog might start expecting the same at home.
I’m so glad this was a happy video. The title made me scared at first. That puppy is so freaking cute!
I can't imagine anyone would want to become a vet if they didn't have a love of animals.
I would gladly leave my pet in the care of someone like this 🥰
Can confirm, my wife is a manager of a vet clinic and this is basically her day, she’s sat at the front desk with a puppy asleep on her lap on more than one occasion
They're petting dogs and putting cats down. A normal day in vet life.
these monsters are obviously harnessing that pupply love for something nefarious
She loves that baby for sure.
My vet literally hugged and cried like a two years old when our dog died in his hands.
I WISH my vet would train my dog.

He’s a good dog, but he’s also an asshole.  I could use a little help here.
I’m shaking
 Vets do the darndest things...
I really hope so!
Unconditional love!
My psychiatrist does this with me.
[deleted]
Our vet basically makes out with our puppers. I love it.   But.  Feel a little awkward. 


Like dude. Some kibble first?
Vets go to school as long as doctors and make far less.

That being said, they get this.
Animals just want attention
Man, I really hope this is true.
What breed is this?
Mine is suspicious of men after they had to sedate him to remove a mast cell tumor. He deals with women exclusively now and is chill af.
Do animals recognize kissing as a form of show affection or is it an uncomfortable thing for them.
I have a strong suspension that the ladies at my vet love my baby boy henry (cat). They always want him to come in and they always compliment how pretty and cuddly he is. They return absolutely covered in his fur haha
And then they stuck a stick up it’s ass
Humans don’t deserve dogs.
Is there a sub for vets enjoying with the pets behind the scenes? I remember a video of a lady hugging and dancing with a puppy, and then this one. I wanna see more!
One of my customers caught me snuggling one of the dogs I was grooming and asked if he was needing some consoling, I said no I love on all the dogs. Best part of being a dog groomer IMO.
I'm always paranoid leaving my pup at the groomers.  I just have a suspicious nature I guess...
I knew it!!!
Some dogs are just little a-holes though and I give a props for the patience it takes to work on them. My moms been a groomer for like 20 years, there was one client in particular I will never forget. Her name was lexi, the first time she came in her owner had a elbow length neoprene glove and stated she was sedated and it would be needed. Lexi hated everybody even her owners but for one reason or another she liked my mom and she never had an issue with her.
My vêt does this in front of me too to be Frank
You get into vetinarian work to Pet the doggy not care for the doggo
This is exactly the scenes.
My sister found a tee tiny kitten stuck in a bush. Took her to the vet. Kitten was prolly only weeks old. No health problems. No fear at the examination. Affectionate to the vets. She said the whole staff were just in love awe over this feral born kitten that was calm and easy. Lot's of "how is she so tiny?" She's still so tiny lol. And still the most affectionate cat.
My puppy LOVES the vet because he gets so much attention! And the vet techs will always let him do his commands for treatos.
My daughter’s cat had to go to the vet last Thursday.  He was acting very lethargic.  Turns out he had a temperature and some sort of infection.  Doc treated him and sent him home with meds.  He gave instructions to bring him back Saturday to recheck his temp.  

So, Thursday night he still wasn’t eating or drinking, so my daughter called to ask what to do.  Doc told her over the phone to give him water by syringe.  

Friday, Doc called to check on the cat and be sure he was ok.  I was floored.  Most docs for people don’t go that far.  I’ve known him for many years and I knew he was a good vet, but this was impressive to me.

Cat’s temp was down Saturday.  He’s eating and drinking again on his own.  Only problem is he still hides when he sees my daughter because she’s been giving  him meds and water by syringe for several days.
This is what I'd like to think.  I wish they liked going to the vet as much as they do home depot.  Yesterday home depot was out of what I wanted so I had to go to Lowes too.  They all got to ride in the cart and get patted at both places.  It was the best day ever.
My parents got a personal phone call from the Vet Dr. R. after our wiener had to be put down. Dr. R was on vacation at that time and he sent his condolences and was sorry he couldn't be there for us. He used to get down on the fucking floor to play with Jack, since you know.. low-rider and all.

There are some really good Vets and Vet Techs and Assistants (etc. I'm sorry I don't know all the official names.)

Our Jack was like a celebrity, whenever a new person behind the counter would start, they would say how much they've heard about Jack and his bowties <3

Ah, wienerman. I miss you so much. Hug your puppers tight.
I honestly wouldn't mind this in the slightest honestly.
Where do I sign up for some of that expression care?
Vets became vets because they love animals. For the same amount of schooling they have to go through (at least in the US), they could have easily been a human doctor and made a lot more. I think it’s be hard pressed to find a vet that don’t like animals.
They had to take my 3 year old severely anxious border collie for an ultrasound (everything was fine) and she didn’t want to go with them. The tech was like “hold on” and came back with a popsicle made of wet dog food. It was so kind of them to give her something to sooth with.
This eases my anxiety, like no joke
Veterinarians have a higher rate of suicide.

I can see how one to many suffering animals would just make them hit their limit.
shocking, really
I saw the title and was like 'uh oh'

And then I saw the sub and was like 'awww'
My faith in humanity has increased watching this.

Thanks
Anyway you could teach my 2 dogs that I own my couch ?! That'd be great lol.
Is that a Lab or a golden retriever?
Vets are awesome, but this is a dental office. There are posters of human teeth on the wall and articulators for mounting lab cases of the dentition. Really cute puppers either way.
I love giving my dogs kisses on the cheeks and full-body hugs.
Aha! We suspected as much.
argh... my soul needed that.
I read the title before I saw the subreddit and got scared for a minute there.
Stop! This is too wholesome and cute! I can't handle it!
Nah man. Snuggles was terrified of the vet. I don't believe it!
Yeah I literally was kissing the sassy cat I just did surgery on while shes still waking up...because she is soooo damn pretty and i usually cant pet her lol
Disgusting. How dare she just leave this guy without belly rubs.
Not all vets/vet techs act like this fyi.
Next time I get sick, I think I'll go to a vet instead of a human doctor.
I hope that’s true.
those bastards
I don't know why stuff like this gets me so emotional. We had to leave our fair share of cats at the vet (but mostly our one 5 year old who passed away from kidney issues), and I always felt terrible thinking they were just staring at the cage door wondering wtf. I'd always try visit during the day but vets and their assistants are the best - all these secret things they do are the reason they can have all my savings.
This dog just wants all the love everyone can give!!
r/WhyWereTheyFilming
Well it's not like you'd be immune to the charms of something so gorgeous just because you're a vet...
This is apawling!
That dog loves you. And for good reason, I'm seeing.
Vets are weirdly amazing people. I don't want to think about how they might treat an elderly dog but it's probably not the same...
I can can vouch for this 100% we love good pets the really difficult ones well we try our best
r/MadeMeSmile
Good
RVT here. Can confirm.
Lies
With everything going on about reality of treatment, I was very concerned for a moment when I read the title. Then I realised what subreddit it was part of and breathed an immediate sigh of relief! Especially after watching the clip
You people are disgusting.
We need more of this sort of ground breaking investigative journalism. I say we form a group and all record our vets playing with our puppies. We need to bring this to light. The world has the right know.
My mom owns a pet grooming salon and she loves every single one her "clients" who come through. This became even more apparent after our own pup passed away. She baby talks the entire time explaining to them what is going to happen next and reassuring them that everything is going to be okay. I honestly think that is therapeutic for her, nothing brings her joy more than when a pup recognizes her and runs into her business ready for a bath and a hair cut.
This is one of the few professions where people get in because they truly care.
no ones gonna talk about the fact that she was recording the whole thing herself which makes it ironic af ? It's like saying: oh I'm so humble. lmfao
STEALING KISSES? How dare they!
Aaah Monsters!
This is so wholesome, I'm gonna cry :<
So cute
What kinda dog is that? He’s so cute
Oh god he’s the cutest. I love golden pups
Anyone know what type of dog this is?
I'm shocked and appalled...

...that it ended so quickly.
My cats are rescues and a few months after adopting them I brought one of them in for his annual visit. The vet took one look at him and said « oh I KNOW that face! ». She actually recognized him and was so happy to see him again! She said he was one of those cats you don’t forget. When it was time to put him back in his carrier, I was holding it open and she grabbed my cat, went to put him in and said « wait, one minute » and gave him a huge hug and a big kiss on the head. It made me smile for the rest of the week.
This isn't a real video. That puppy wasn't biting once!
Those bastards
thats so so cute <3
That's nice
Oh man - so sweet
Is this a golden retriever?
Guess who’s right behind you"
The cruelty is exposed! it's on video...
Finally a nice video on the net🥰
shoutout to vets for all the good shit they do
What breed is this
What a lovable dog
all vet buildings should be required to have dog treats in the back for dogs to have when they're done their checkup
Which breed is this ?
Dude I've been watching videos of cops all week and I was terrified.
then why are pets so scared to go to the vet lmfao if I was a dog I'd happy af
Er...I think she’s a dentist.
So you’re telling me my dog has been cheating on me every time i take em to the vet? I need time to process this news...
Win win Situation
Your dog gets a good treatment and she can do a Job she really loves to do
Stupid humans...
Scandalous!
Some people just have no idea
Honestly, if I knew this upside, I'd have studies harder and become a vet
I thought this was going to be something cruel, but then i saw it was on r/aww
I I was a vet I'd be laying on the floor with them all day long
Reddit had me conditioned to become outraged at the sight of that headline.  I was getting ready to.  Then I saw the name of the subreddit and watched it.  Crisis averted.
Omg, the horror!.....?
This is one profession that I believe people go into just cause they love animals.
I'd be a lot more convinced if she hadn't taken the video herself
I love dogs but I won't own one. Specifically because of this kind of situation. Even professionals want to teach them to jump up on people. It's one of the worst behaviors a kind dog can be taught and yet here she is, teaching and reinforcing the behavior that I would never want an animal companion of mine to do.

I'm not the right guy to own a dog clearly.
My cat is a biter so I hope the vets are treating him neutral, I don’t demand them to be nice just not mean.
You mean the camera she turned on to film herself play with a dog is how vets really treat them?  I dunno seems like a set up ive never been suspicious of.
Monsters. Did not even Belly rub or give threat.
I don't mean to be a downer.  But yup,  when they know they're being recorded...
Perrrks of the job
No, I know for sure my vet and groomer torture the living fuck out if my dog when he goes. They do things like pour water on him *(the horror!)*, touch his butthole *(oh my!)*, chop off his nails *(monsters!)*, and poke him with sticks full of medicine *(I can't even!)*. And I bet they're only giving him a ton of treats.
hardly "behind the scenes" when she stages it & films it herself, but upvoted anyways because omfg
This is what happens when we take the dogs to our vet. She spends more time playing with them then doing a traditional exam. 

I know she is checking them out as she plays with them but it’s hard to get them back in the truck. The whole office is like that. True animal lovers!
Wish I knew who this vet was.  I have a thing for glasses and she is drop dead gorgeous.  And she loves animals.....dream girl!
This is ONE vet. And that's great.

But I know there are many vets out there who don't care as much as this one, and treat the animals mechanically.
Those bastards!!!
I wish my doctor would do this with me.
You monsters
Worked at a vet office. Can confirm.
Can confirm.
I live how the vet was signing for the hug and the puppy was like 'Do you want my paw again?'
I get it. Animals are better than people. Too bad the suicide rate in veterinarians is so high. Fucking tragedy.
I am outraged
It makes me glad seeing this after being told off by a bunch of clients today about how they don’t trust us with their pets and think we’re only doing things for the money. It reminds me that some people really do consider what vet techs and veterinarians have to go through on a daily basis, especially for understaffed facilities. I just wish more appreciative of the blood, sweat, and tears veterinary professionals go through to take care of everybody’s fur babies.
A Great example of people who love their job and are truly dedicated to it.
Barbaric.
The karma tho
What breed is that? It's so cute..
Italian veterinary😊
!remindme 16h
Not really behind the scenes if its a direct recording
Meanwhile the former vet we used killed our dog during a routine check.
Those monsters touching and kissing an adolescent patient
During the last few months of my cat Smokey's life, he was pretty constantly in and out of the vet's office. The vet receptionist (it's a small place) mentioned that, in the mornings, she would take Smokey and sit with him behind the front desk. It meant a lot to me that Smokey had good company during such a difficult time. I could tell that they really cared about him. 

Smokey was my grandfather's cat, and kept my grandfather company while he was dying. I'm glad that we all got to return the favor.
Boy you had me bout ready to cuss someone out! Lol
I expected something malicious lmao
Lol
Doggooooooo
I want to be a floofy dog. Not hooman :(
Ah freaking heart ❤️
Meanwhile in China...
Took my boyfriends cat to the vet with him, you could tell the vet techs and vet were showering her with love. Arguably, you could say their job has improved because they are now able to give the pets undivided attention. (Plus unlimited cuddling opportunities)
So true. My dog's vets had so much love for him that I haven't even been able to tell them I had to put him down 8 months ago.
 !remindme 16h
I do computer work for a number of the vet clinics in the area, and in my experience everyone that works at these places *adores* animals.

(They may have some snark for humans though)
Reminds me of kim jong un’s commercials on fat boys and fruit stores in their country
I just wanted to put this out there to the universe: I adopted the super bitch cat that made the shelter create a "hiss house" for all the cats that were pissed off jerks (mostly by her, by all accounts) and they all got even more mad cause she was so toxic. She got solitary after this attempt did not work. I loved her stupid heart nose and against all odds when i climbed into her area I was not instantly bloodied. The shelter folks were like WTF IS THIS MIRACLE. They burritoed her into a crate and sent her home with me and a plethora of toys and a cat house because she had been there for 8 months. Poor lost soul. She's stable now and knows she is loved and has a forever home. She is still mildly jerky, and yells, and lightly gumms you for overstepping. But she's also a cuddle monster/lap boundary overstepper that wants on you all the time, it's cute and annoying. :)  I'm so happy the shelter gave me the opportunity to give her a good home. Yay shelter folks with patient souls. She was a trial for them I am sure, and I'm glad so glad they could hang on till I found her.
5 mins to close? Let’s go!!!
There’s a reason why they became vets, and also they wanna make the visit as fun and as stress free for your pet as possible. If not future visits will be a lot more difficult
my vet called to tell me my cat's blood test results and at the end of the voicemail he paused and goes "wow he really is a good boy, isn't he?" yes he is!
My puppy came home from the vet after staying for 2 or 3 days and she actually was sitting and staying and coming better with the commands.... could see a big difference.
Just gonna leave this here r/pocketpussy
Ohhh Foxxo soxxo :( I should have stayed with him while they put you down but I didn’t have the courage to watch you die... :(

This made me sad for my fallen catto.
I had to drop my fairly-neurotic, anti-social cat off for hyperthyroid treatment for a week.  The practice called me daily to let me know how she was doing. They used the most adorably couched language - she was "energetic", "sassy", "spirited", and so on. When pressed, they admittedly this meant she was desperately trying to escape her room, swiping at everyone who went in and out, and perching above everyone to try to gain strategic advantage.

Vets and vet tech are lovely human beings, and bless them for how much they love our less-than-sociable pets.
I should hope so! Though despite their gushing over his cuteness, my poor little boy guinea pig will forever remember that one vet as the lady who squished his tummy, put a thermometer up his butt, and stole his balls. When he would see her he'd try and run up to my shoulder. Which isn't graceful with lots of wild scrambling and claws.
Can confirm. Was a vet tech for a year last year. Best job ever.
Vets basically go through about the same amount of education as human doctors yet get paid a lot less. So a vet chooses their profession not for money but because of their love of caring for animals. 

People who care for animals are the best kind of people.
I’m always giving all my patient hugs and kisses. And with the ones that aren’t so cooperate I will pat while they’re anaesthetised/ sedated for their procedures.
its incredible what these vets are secretly doing when we trust them with our pets. im glad this is finally getting noticed. #goodboygate
It's actually a dentistry

Dont @ me
❤
shameless
I hope this is how my doggo is treated tomorrow then they cut off his balls. First they seduce him then they slice him
Well then....
Not really behind the scenes since she was recording it ;)
saw it on mute but my heart still melted !
Damn, I want a dog! Parents don't agree!🥺
Nice
So cute
Nice
Right? How dare these officers.
We have an incredible vet who adores our dog and waives fees even when we she doesn't have to. I feel like vets give a shit a lot more vs most doctors I've come across.
Who else's brain had no problem filling in the sound?
""Oh my gosh oh my gosh you're so good!"
At the end he kinda resembles a cheetah’s face
My mom is a vet and sometimes I see her interact with the animals when the owners are nowhere near and it’s so wholesome seeing the vets, who love animals, interact with them in such a friendly manner
These two-timing vets make me sick!
How can I fully trust my dog after this

I’m going
*everyone liked that*
I thought she was going to throw the dog and be like bitch sit the fuck down with your woof woof having ass
Insider footage of a vet's office... what you see may shock you 😱😁
I don't think this person is a vet. That is an expetionally human looking tooth on that poster!
Well, when they come I try to teach them tricks if the owner is not back in time, something like " come get your dog, or else it will learn how to not shit your carpet XD"
That's what the vets want you to think.
A perfectly placed camera by her.....not genuine.
This is adorable but why would you encourage a dog to jump up on you as a reward? Looks like it will grow into a full size dog.
When my mom called the vet for no-contact pickup of one of my cats, Waffles, the woman on the phone excitedly went "WAFFLES!!!" and we easily knew she'd been making friends.
Dammit! I should have become a vet😭
Dammit now i wanna become a vet
God I’d love to be a vet, but I wouldn’t be able to live with myself when I had to but them down and shit.
Now try with a cat
Ahh my heart  🖤
What a good boy (:
I always wanted to be a vet, 
ended up as programmer in a bank... Shit
I don’t know what is cuter. The dog or the vet.
Shhhhhhhhhhhh keep it a secret maam
my dog hates people apart from me and she doesn't like it when shes at the vets and i leave but every time i come back shes fine. One day i was there and they took her for some treatment and i was in the back discussing treatment options and the young vet nurse that was suppose to hand me back my dog just walked in with my dog and walked out again hoping i didn't notice, after going through all the options and payments and paperwork, about 10 minutes later they went and found her, she had my dog in her arms and my dog is lay upsidedown sleeping in her arms.
We need to start attaching bodycams to these vets.
The best job.
It's like watching the sting footage on an episode of Cheaters.
That dog is covered with covid now
I’m a vet, I can confirm this
I think i just missed my cake day :(
Vets should do this with all the pets that come in and make a yearly Christmas video or something. People would love that shit
worked at avets office, cuddled way too much with the pets there :D
Dogs really are the best people
Please post this on r/peoplefuckindyjng 😂
I laughing at the reference


He’s crying!
As a vet myself I can confirm this
I love our local vet in Kyneton Australia. We have 2 cats, 3 big dogs, 5 horses and 2 cows and Dr McIntyre and his colleagues have treated with only the best care and respect. I wish I had a gp like them for myself!
Yes, that's why they are vets, and it's beautifuuuul
I always get the feeling vets hate cats when I take mine to a vet. Granted my cat is not a fan of vets and isn’t shy about telling them.
Do cats get the same treatment?
This is sort of creepy honestly
I started the video while covering it🙄 i want sure what i was getting myself into . But i hot myself into something goooooood
maybe this is what really happening that's why most pets are really having fun and enjoying at the vet :)
Vets became vets because they love animals. Of course their patients are the bestest in the world!

If there are any vets here, thanks! To you, it might just be a day on the job, but to me, you are heroes!
I am ok with that
Miss Becky that’s a dog not a child
Easily the most handsome? It’s terrifying now.
Top 10 things vets don’t want you to know!
My vet does This very much infront of the scenes as well
Very true
If only the vets were this caring where I live maybe my cat would still be alive. We admitted him to a vet after he had complications from blood parasite. We missed him too much so we paid him a visit in the evening. Empty bottle of saline was still connected to his cannula, urine everywhere inside his cage. God knows how long he had to sit in there like that. His RBC level was only 14% so you can imagine how weak and frail he was and yet, the moment he saw me walk through the door he meowed so loudly. He was so chuffed to see us and you could tell he was desperate to go home. Breaks me till this day. RIP my buddy ❤️
Perks of the job fam.
Good pupper!
I'm not in this picture and I don't like it.
Gib dog pls
can we just take a moment to give thanks to our vets that stayed open during the quarantine?  i love my dogs and i love people that take care of them.
Is this golden retriever?
That monster didn’t even rub that pups belly!
Can absolutely confirm. My ex partner was a vet, kindest soul and he would ALWAYS find a dog in the crowd. Didn't matter where we were he'd find the pup. It was super endearing.
Seems correct. One of my rats went in for a mammary lump removal and when I went to collect her, the vet nurse handed her over while all but yelling, "Oh my god, she's so lovely!"
Can confirm - sister is a vet tech and she sends me photos and videos of her playing with animals all the time
My vet euthanized my cat without consent
This lady is hot 🔥

Looks like a Ottawa vet I've been to
Such an ominous title... Color me relieved.
Very cute dog what type is it?
Thanks for this post! It made my day
this list scared me until i saw the sub
I'm glad the pupper is immune to corona or we wouldn't have times like that
Disgusting.
Outraged*
Yo they both hella cute and adorable.
That's why my dog has no problem with going to the vet. I'm more than ok with that, better than a 25kg / 55lbs Labrador whom needs to be carried to the vet.
At first I thought it was one of those videos where it’s like don’t trust all vets or they’re being tortured…
Well, how else would you treat the goodest of all bois?!
Yeah obviously, this is taped by the vet themselves.
Wake up to this indogtrination
Golden puppies are the sweetest, best good dogs.
Am veterinary receptionist. Can confirm.

We had a cat named Simba in last week. The vet emerged from his office playing Circle of Life on his phone and holding aloft said kitty.
vets do this to their patients - "aaaawww, how cute"

gynecologist does this - "you should be jailed, weirdo"

i dont get it.   ^(/s)
When it's an animals birthday my wife will make little birthday hats out of paper and put a little streamer on top made of vet wrap, put them on the animals and send pictures to the client. Or walk around the vet hospital with kittens in her scrub top pockets to keep them warp and safe.
Dean Koontz put some in his books and I read at least one article where he just glowed about them.
I would have thought that people become vets, you know, years of training, not because they hate animals but because they love them. Who would've thought huh?
When my kitten was neutered everyone came to say goodbye to him and cuddle him once more, because apparently he'd made quite an impression, and although he'd only been at the clinic for half a day everyone was sad to see him leave.
How dare they (are not called superheroes?)
Adorable ☺️
I'd like to see one of these and the staff and animals are doing all sorts of crazy secret stuff with each other because they're all so cool with each other. Gotta even have some secret handshake.
This is a person that SHOULD be a vet. This was heartwarming asf
Didn't see which sub reddit, read the caption completely expecting something bad to happen. Really aww
I think vets are probably the best jobs out there, you get to see so many different pets and so many various behaviours and cheeky animals, dogs especially

Though to every amazing job you got the more bad side, you know what I'm getting at
I just said out loud who’s a good boy. Good way to start my day.
My vet was cuddling and kissing my baby in front of me.Knew he was in safe hands
And to think I spent weeks using a different signal for that, and she just goes and messes up all my hard work using a different signal. That's supposed to be roll over for belly scratches...
My little idiot LOVES the vet. We recently took her in for her immunizations and when the tech came to get her she walked off with her tail up, prancing, did not look back. The tech was laughing as she brought her back, with the following feedback:

“She did great! She was...a bit wiggly, we only got her to stop moving with treats, and even then she was excited.” 

Yup, that’s my girl. Zero stranger danger, super excited about new people, highly food motivated.
Holy crap that’s an adorable doggo
What breed is this doggo?
Vets. You mean all the vets? Or just this one vet?
I did work experience at a vet's office twice in my life (once for school and once for university). It's dirty, difficult and sometimes heart breaking. I saw a few terrible things during my uni work experience, not because the vet did bad things, but because the law makes it so the vet has to do what the owner says.

If they want their pet to be sterilized but they're already pregnant than the vet has to abort the babies while they're in there (I'm personally pro-choice, but it wasn't the pet's choice and the babies were almost full term!). If the owner wants the animal to have a medical procedure (putting a metal pin in its leg) that only treats the symptom rather than the underlying problem (bone cancer) so that the animal can go back to training even though the problem will eventually just undo everything they've done, the vet has to do it. It's horrible!

That said, most days they don't have to deal with owners like that. Most days they get to help pets that can be helped, that are happy or at least can go home to happy homes, and it makes it more worth it. Getting to play with and coddle the pets a little is a huge perk of the job, even if a lot of it involves cleaning up poop.

They work super hard to get to be vets (6 year university course in Australia) and some days it feels like it's all wasted. But other days are worth it, from what I've seen. I wish only good days to all the loving vets out there. You're doing such a good job.
We are top of the food chain in basically any environment we inhabit.
The vet looks like one of my teachers but younger
I love seeing these! My beagle, Jeremy went into the vets at 14 weeks old (overnight stay - we thought he had a bowel blockage, turned out he was just greedy and ate too much too quick) and whilst he was there, he apparently became a firm favourite. The veterinary nurse was overjoyed to see him on his next visit for injections.
Omg so cute
This is UNACCEPTABLE
I used to take my dog to a teaching hospital for specialized care (severe allergies). They always took him back for his initial check up and then brought him back before taking us both back to talk to the doctor. 

One time he was gone a real long time and I was getting worried. Turned out the doctor was running behind so all the vet students were just in the back playing with my dog! It was real sweet!
A good vet is very important.
I'm okay with this!
This is why animal shelters/hospitals can get away with paying their employees a shitty wage.  For some, playing with puppies and kittens all day is worth it.
Sad to say, not every vet. I worked in a large mixed clinic in a rural area. “Difficult” cases were sometimes treated brutally, not by staff, but by the senior vet.
Who said I was selling to you anyway 😎
I'm a handyman in an affluent neighborhood. One of my favorite things to do is play with client's pets and send them pics while I'm working. My clients always ask why I bid by the job and don't do hourly rates. I like to play with your puppers and often lose track of time while doing so :-p
This surprises me not at all. I know there are always jokes about pets hating the vet but both of our dogs love the vet and get treated like royalty there.
Just awful. All that, and not a single treat??
The little smooch 🥺
When I took my cat into the vet and was told he had to be put down I broke down and cried like a baby when I sedi my final good bye. The vet (female) also cried when I cried. I still get a little teary and miss my buddy Monty. So when I see this sort of stuff it makes my heart warm. Vets are super lovely people.
Can confirm.  I worked at a vets office for 5 years on the overnight emergency shift.  No one will love on your furry, feathery, or scaly member of your family like us.  At least this is how it was like at my office.  The vet's office is a scary place, we don't want their stay to be traumatic.  We want to build that trust so we can do what we need to do.
I don’t even care if it had half my hand in its mouth I will still pet it and be really condescending
Once my dog came out of the vet, and said in French "That was a delightful experience" i do not speak french so i had it translated. 
so we go to there.
People do become vets because they love animals
Can someone tell what kind of dog that is? Is it a labrador or a golden retriever? It's so adorable.
SHOCKING VIDEO REVEALS...
Why my dog still can't learn these!?
Nice
What fucking monsters..how sick can they be?
"Behind the scenes"

She literally set up a camera to capture this and share it.

Not saying she isn't a great vet, not saying they don't do this kind of stuff behind the scenes, but pretending like the dog set this up to catch the vet's behavior without knowing is just silly, haha.
THAT MAKES ME "HAPPY!"
[deleted]
I worked for a doggy day care and all I can say is dont.. if you don't have time for your dog don't get one cause they treat them like wild animals ...they're all the same
My old pup used to LOVE visiting the vet, she had her favorite vet assistants and would take off to say hi to them whenever we went in for her check-ups and vaccinations.

The vets are great in my area.
THOSE BASTARDS
After our new rescue was spayed our vet let her spend the night and sleep in her bed. She’s the best.
I got so worried when I got the notification lol
Where is the NSFW tag!? My god!
I have to believe my vet is doing this. When my girl was in a few days for observation for heartworm treatment, they admitted she wasn't kenneled but hung out in back with the techs. ❤️
The world needs to know the truth.
What a monster! How dare she treat that dog that way. Hang her!
It's time people know about this!
Damn, what's up with dentists? I'm actually really curious as to why their suicide rate is really high.

I recently had dental work done, like a week ago and I was thinking about dentistry. It's gotta be a really shitty job, lots of manual labor (sorta, working in tight spaces with your hands is harder than typical physical labor imo) that you can't really pass off to your tech. You can't fuck up either or you're gonna have some pretty angry people. At least I would be but I'm a little vane and really self conscious about keeping my teeth as perfect as they can be.

They're working probably what, 5 hours a day when it comes to actual drilling and what not? That would wear on me for sure. Plus they went to school as long as traditional MDs (I think?) but don't get any of the same respect that comes with it.
Monsters!
Goddammit that's sexual harassment
that's sickening
My dog needs both his rabies and bordetella vaccines re-upped and I'm super scared to take him in without being able to stay.

It'll be our first time at a new vet and I don't know what they're like.
I have always loved vets
Then the vet later that day euthanized 5 puppys because the owners couldn’t pay, that was the only one with rich parents :(
That’ll be 10 grand
This isn't behind the scenes this is someone recording themselves to fabricate a social media post and yeah I'ma be that dude so

"Behind the scenes" indicates a level of authenticity that doesn't occur here
We don’t deserve dogs. Look at how smart that little puppy is!
As they charge thousands of dollars scamming people
they euthanized my dog without permission ☹️
I wish all vets go beyond their work expectations instead of 'oh here's another pet' attitude
Despicable.
Downvoting cause disgusting demon mutt.
Vets have it good sometimes.  Imagine this was a pediatrician and this was your kid.  You'd call the police.
Love all the love but vets should not be encouraging/teaching dogs that aren’t their own to jump up.
Disgraceful
Disgusting
I really feel like giving both of them a treat !
Bloody disgusting behaviour
I think that's a dentist, not a vet.
She should be reported!
Horrific!
i think the vet i went to is a scam or i’m extremely unlucky. Took a stray puppy that showed up to my house to get him checked out, mentioned he puked up a bunch of food/liquid once and had diarrhea once. I believed it was just something it got in to because besides that the puppy was playful and constantly full of energy. They wanted to go ahead and test him for parvo and something else anyways.. so then they come back and tell me the poor guy tested positive for parvo. Doc told me I could home treat with meds for around $350 with a 50-75% chance of survival, or hospitalize for 1500 per night for like a 90% chance (told me it would probably be 4-5 nights, LOL) So I go with the home treatment meds and walk out w a bill of $400, 2 weeks later the dog is thriving(found her owners) and never showed a single symptom of parvo. (unless you count the soft stool and vomit the night before the vet visit, and he was totally fine that night after puking) I literally slept in the bath with this dog for 3 nights straight and never took my eyes off him, waiting for the symptoms to show , feeding him way less than he needed (boiled shredded chicken and rice) because it was recommended for puppies diagnosed w parvo.
hahahaha i get it, its funny cause dog. hahahahahahahahahahahahajahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahqjahahahahahahahajsht nrwkiegqjwjyb2kkskgn2nahg8elrbv4iw
Just called my vet clinic at 10:30pm. The wait is 3.5 hours to be seen by the vet. Guess we are waiting until the morning.
If a vet ever treats a single animal with disrespect or malice, I will personally make sure that there is a special spot in hell for them
I never knew I kissed a veterinarian until now

Edit: Later virgins
Well don’t bring your dog to Georgia cuz that a lie vet here only nice the fist encounter and then when you leave just imagine the worst my friend had a body cam on his dog and cought the people treating other dogs like crap like scolding them
I had a white woman vet like that I took my dog too. Walked to the back one day and she was jerking my dog off.
