My cat would leave immediately
I wish my cats were this tolerant. You disturb even a hair on their head and they're GONE
The little boop at the end
My cats would still follow me because they love it when I'm on the toilet. 🤣.
Omg the end was so cute
Won me over with the headbutt at the end
The only useful and important life hack
my cat died yesterday i cried at work seeing this

EDIT: [look at her](https://i.imgur.com/V4NWTt3.jpg)
aww super cute.. little kiss and love you too
[deleted]
Meow that's adorable.
What happens if you don't do that
I always get up and crab walk to her favorite chair for her to hop into ☺️
Are we just going to ignore the two undershirts this guy is wearing?
_equip cat dad ninja skills_
Is she your only pet? She's got you wrapped around her finger!
/r/cuteguyswithcats

Two cutes, one post. 

I think I lucked out with my lap cats. If I need to get up, I can pick them up, put them on the chair, leave, then come back and put them back on my lap. 

They’ll usually ask me a question, but then they settle back into it.
I went to your post history to see if this seemed like OC out of curiosity, and then I turned into a major creeper. Oops. Turns out you're a cute cat dad who games, knows how to cook, is actually practical (the over shirt to protect from cat hair is genius, I'm taking that idea), is into health and fitness... Could you please list some personal flaws, to balance things out? Thank.
This is exactly what I do But I if know I'm going to be sitting for a long time, to avoid getting pins and needles, I just pull up a chair beside me and she seems happy.
Cute
[deleted]
The kisses on the top of the head are an essential part of the sneaky routine.
You are both so cute, I love this
Yeah... This type of thing worked on the Squeaker, but not Butters. As soon as I disturb his spot the slightest centimeter, no matter how gently, he bolts.  When dealing with him, best to secure him using duct tape first.
You look really similar to me, and I'm a bit freaked out.
I respect you.
I feel so bad when they fall asleep though 🥺
The end is so cute! I wish I had a Lap Cat.
The little boop at the end 🥺🥺🥺💖💖
I think the cat owns you!
That seems far preferable to the claws in your femoral artery when they decide to bolt 😸
She's a queen. And you are a top human, I salute you sir!
It usually works , but not all the time. I used to know my cat's earthquake-tolerance threshold very well. He did not approve all the time and I had to be very very careful and avoid the kitchen at all cost.
Why do you have knee pads on?!
He's kinda cute ;)
This cat trained you how to be a good slave. 

Good cat.
Man are your kneecaps right?:(
That last bit is so damn sweet :)

Thank you.
Where is Schnoodledoodledo? This would be a great time to have an awesome poem from the master of words?!! OP, you are as cute as your cat is spoiled!
TIL it turns out you totally can fall in love with gifs of strangers on the internet.
Okay, now tell me how to get my teeth that white.
This really works, as a plus the pillow prevents my cat from crushing my nutsack
We call this a cat transplant and we've found that they only have a 30% success rate
Is he rocking a crew neck under a v neck. Brave man.
Haha- “Own a cat” as if
This doesn’t work, cat gets up and leaves the second I set them on the couch
Your cat is broken.  S/he did not follow you into the bathroom.
*Not compatible with all cat-models.
I tell mine to stay and leave the room to go to toilet only to have it follow me and sit and watch me
We did that with our sweet chihuahua. He knew we’d be right back for him.
This is the cutest thing I have ever witnessed. Great idea!
How I wish.... My cat just bites me.
I used to do this with one of our cats, he liked sitting on laps but it always felt funny to me so I always made him sit on a cushion
My cat would immediately follow me hoping for treats in the kitchen
I wish I could have a lap cat.
Next level technique. For me, theres no worse feeling than having to move my gaming buddy when he's comfortable.
You look like Simon pegg
I have 2 lap cats, WHAT NOW!?
lol now he will never leave my side..
I do the same thing with my cat haha.
I WANT A LAP CAT
I'm convinced all Russian blues are affectionate as heck. Bully always acts like this
Your cat doesn't follow you to the bathroom? o\_O
What an adorable cat AND an adorable human. <3
My cat Tiny loves my lap and me holding her.  She isn't bothered if I need to get up, she'll just hop back on after I'm done doing whatever. She instantly falls asleep when held so I gently pet her to wake up and tell her to get down.
My cats would follow me into the bathroom and sit on my lap while im using it. No is not something he understand
I hope  this video is mirrored, otherwise you are a left handed savage and are statistically much more intelligent than us mortal right handers.
Ohhhh that head bump at the end is too adorable
This man looks just like diplo
My cat just follows me like a shadow and sits outside the door until I'm done
I do this with my cat but she always gets up as soon as I move her, because she's decided that we take breaks at the same time. I kid you not, i get up to go to the bathroom/get a drink and she will either go to her litterbox, her water bowl, or her food bowl and then come back to me when I'm back at my computer.
My cat would be so offended if I even moved an inch with her on my lap. "What do you mean you're moving?? Alright fuck you then 😒"
This would be great if I had a lap cat.  These days, I have a keyboard cat. He makes typing anything an adventure.
I need to try this. I do have one question. How on earth did you get up, leave the room (area) and the little one didn’t follow you? 

I have a cat shaped shadow wherever I go.
Can confirm this technique as a successful one, been doing this for years with one of my cats. She has to play the games with me.

Cool cat man, nice work!
My cat has currently nestled into my lap and has her paws on my arm so if she detects the slightest movement of my leg she presses her paw down with her claws. 

I ain’t moving nowhere.
IM NOT THE ONLY ONE THAT DOES THIS YES! Also, nice cat!
Can someone figure out a trick to make this work with my 70 pound lap dog?  Please!
So... who's this hot guy?
This technology could save lives! What a patient kitty and loving cat parent
Good hooman😻
Good human!  You are very well trained.  👍
The nose kissy at the end <3
One of my cats names is Tiki, and I'll do this same thing with her on a blanket when I'm on the computer. My wife and I call it the Tiki transplant!

[Obligatory Tiki Post](http://imgur.com/gallery/AfsNIJC)
What pants is he wearing? I think I need them
My roommate calls it a cat transplant
Yeah nah the moment I try lifting my entitled little ball of floof off my lap he's off to go be offended in the corner for the next few hours.
I ordered a Razer Naga yesterday and just set it up with red lights. What are the odds I'd see it here on my first reddit browse after setting up the mouse?
Omg the cat bearer :D
The end boop just makes me wanna boop my cat immediately. :3

Edit: get rejected ;(
When my older cat decides to get in my lap he NOPES the fuck outa there if i so much as twitch a knee lol.
Real men love cats
One does not own a cat. Dogs have owners. Cats have staff.
We have a house rule that whoever doesn't have a cat on the lap has to get the drink refills.
What a cute cat! How did you train her to do that? Mine sits on licks my hair then sits on my head to sleep!
I used to do this with my baby ;)
Absolutely brilliant!
We really are their servants
Own a lap cat? Owned *by a lap cat I think you mean.
A very accurate representation of a butler.
Crotch temperature 160 degrees
I wish. Any attempt to move her, even on a pillow, is met with extreme prejudice.
Well hot damn, I'd sit in your lap too every time I got.
an adorable patient cat with a very handsome owner? sign me up!
Breastfeeding Momma's,  this also work with an infant. I would do this while she nursed and slid her over to Dad once she was done and sleep.
I wish my cat wouldn’t follow me everywhere but she does 🤣. I’ve had her since she was around 4 or 5 weeks old so I guess that’s why she’s so attached
Once when called to prayer the Prophet Muhammad found Muezzah his cat sleeping on the sleeve of his robe he had laid across a chair. Rather than wake the cat he took a scissor and cut off the sleeve of his finest robe.

When asked why was it was with his cloak, he said he'd rather that than disturb one of God's creatures.

Oh, and that M on the tabby's forehead, that's from the loving stroke of the Prophet's finger 

[The Prophet’s love for Animals | Kashmir Observer](https://kashmirobserver.net/2015/12/25/the-prophet%C2%92s-love-for-animals/)
Is that a Korat? My cat looks just like that.
My King Shepherd likes to do the boop thing itself, except he comes running at you like the juggernaut and he's like 130lbs.
I do this 👍
That guy is adorable.
Cute, but my cat doesn't let me go anywhere in the house without him. As soon as I get up he's up with me.
Dammit. THE END. Take my upvote.
You don't own a lap cat.  There's a lap cat that's chosen to share their life with you.
I just pick mine up and carry her, she isn't a fan of it but she loves me so she puts up with it. She also loves watching the toilet flush.
What mouse is that
Thank you so much! I now know what to do if I be doing big epic gamer games while have the ball of fluff on my  lap. (Gamer grammar)
Now how do I do this with a 70 lb dog who thinks she’s still a puppy?
No, just stay there. Bathroom break? No problem! Just piss on the cat refill? Cat has got ya covered! Milk it or make it piss! 2 varieties! Wow!
Just do what I do stand up that little fucker will get the hint and jump off.
My cat would never. Also he’s cute. I’ll take both
That’s it, getting a cat.
My kitten would lay on my lap on my blanket all day so when I had to get up I’d swaddle him in the blankie and call him a burrito! Then I could come back and unwrap him like I never left.
I miss my baby.
Our cat would never fall for such cheap trickery.
Get that cat a pet friendly heating pad. Problem solved.
Ny'awww~! The little nuzzle at the end is so cute~ \^w^
I have a nice big L shaped desk and to keep my troops happy I have a bed on the desk, under the desk, and one on either side of it. And still I end up with a kitty kitty in my lap or sitting in front of me. Sweet sweet babies.
My cat would leave as soon as I started thinking about getting up.
I love the little nose boop at the end❣️
Are you single?

Asking for myself
That’s actually so smart😂 my cat is so clingy and specific about the way he wants to sit on my lap, love the pillow idea
So many possibilities ... curls.. shoulder presses. Chest press. Nicely done sir
That little smooch at the end!
Lifesaver.
Lol I have definitely used that trick before
"This is fine"
This is what I would do when we would move. My cat would sit on my lap during the entire road trip so I would use a pillow so I could lift her up and readjust myself.
What breed is your cat? They’re so adorable!
At the end we really feel that he's glad to finally stay on your lap

At the beginning he sincerely thank that he lost it
Aww this is super cute
Usually the LPT subreddit is a bunch of garbage. THIS is actually a protip, though!!!
#KITTY
Yeah, specially in summer....
My heart. His kiss before and after he leaves. That guy is so in love with his kitty.
boop
If only.mine were that docile.
If I even move slightly on the sofa my little guy is out of there!
I am not sure who owns who here.
Thats a good way of doing it.....
that little nudge at the end was all I needed to see :-)
I thought I was the only one!
This is exactly what I do!
I’m gonna try this!! Though I’m sure my cat will get up and follow me to the bathroom sigh
Ahh the little kiss at the end, so sweet!
aw, my Russian blue would just try to swap at my face there, so not for everyone. in theory it works.
My cat loves faucet water, so this would not work. He races me to the bathroom for sink water and races me to the kitchen to put more water in his already full water bowl.
My cat breaks into the bathroom like Jacky boy from The Shining. Sometimes when I need some coaxing, I take him on my lap and give him a belly rub. It is very therapeutic and helps keep me regular.
But then you don’t get to feel the warmth of your kitty... or have that nest of hair on your pants. Hmm.
This would never work with my cat. He's obsessed with me and follows me everywhere. It's adorable.
If I leave he understands I am doing something probably important... if my wife leaves he gets upsets and shows her an angry 3 legged swipe at the ankles in disaprovement. I feel like he's saying, "listen you're with my human and I am trying my best, but you get up and leave me?!"

It takes a lot of effort for a 3 legged 14 year old cat to take an upset swipe at an ankle. 

He also sleeps on her pillow with us at night. He loves her, but she loves him slightly too much and he gets bitchy about it.
bliss
Lap Cat™ thanks you for your considerations

*Boop*
That's not a lap cat. That's a lazy cat. A lap cat would try to sit on you whilst on the toilet.
I always go out of my way writhing and contorting myself in inhuman ways to avoid disturbing my cats when I need to get up, and every single time without fail as soon as I free myself and stand up, they yawn, stretch, and casually stroll over to the window, making all of my efforts pointless.
I would go through all that trouble only for them to get up and follow me anyway. Mine just follows me EVERYWHERE.
Your shirt/shirts remind me of Killua from Hunter x Hunter. Also you have a super cute cat!
See my cat just sits on the keyboard lol
My cat would never allow this
And don’t forget the parting boop when you leave to refill water
U/rileysthebestdog finally a solution!
Or do like I do. I just say "jettison the kitty!", roll the cat off the side of my lap, then go do whatever I want. She's an extraordinarily good kitty. I love her very much.
You mean “Lap Cat Owns You” but yes
"Own" a cat...

Trust me, that sees this arrangement...differently.
FIFY When your cat owns a lap man.
oh yeah, this is big brain time
Wow your cat loves you
So cute
these are the kind of tips that will lead us into the future
I have about a 50% success rate with this and my cats...per cat.
[It's better than the alternative.](https://www.whompcomic.com/comic/just-sit-idly-die)
Haider bist das du?
this level of innovation is what makes us beyter than the cavemen
we do this ! we call it a kitty transplant
That cat has you especially well-trained. Seriously, good move
Doesn't work for me :( he jumps off and runs into my pants in the bathroom lol. I tried!
I legit do this!
Our snuggle bug has his own chair next to ours.
I own a cat sized dog, I can back this up truly works!
Nice
Cute.   Won't work with my lap pups.   Also, want to comment on the "ownership" of a cat.  One does not own a cat.   One cohabits with a cat, and even that is at the tolerance of said kitty.
Sometimes if youn scoop em up right, you can place them back down undisturbed, but yes this is much more logical technique thank you.
You look like allmight when you smile
Wholesome boop
That boop at the end tho. So adorbs.
Awwwwwwww
In the next couple days I’m adopting a cat that’s a notorious lap-hog.  This is a good cat-hack to know!
Damn. Cat is cute. Cat dad is super hot.
D'awwww.  That boop at the end though!
I actually already do this. lol Works great! :D
mrrr
Pillow, not lap, cat.  Also anyone who owns a cat has already tried this with a 10% rate of success
Yeah, I've done that (we have a cushioned pad). Problem is, the cat doesn't always want to sit tight and wait.
Haha I do this with one of mine too
If I try to put my cat on my lap he jumps on my face D:
My cat has to inspect the toilet bowl when I flush. He runs in everytime
My cat found a simpler solution, either sleeping on the desk between my arms or sleeping on the keyboard/mouse.
You do not own a lap cat. The lap cat owns you! Get it right biped.
This won’t work for me. She yells at me when I leave the room
i wish i could do this to my two toddlers..
Your knowledge test god himself
This makes me feel like a dick for just tossing mine off my lap, she then tells at me until I sit back down and then assumed her firmer position. (Might try this next time)
Can I have your teeth tho?
I have what I would not call a lap cat (he doesn't want to be on me, but always near me.)  I have a blanket on my desk where he like to lay down and I've attempted from time to time to sneak out of the room to let him remain asleep, but the act of me moving my chair makes him pop out of sleep, look at me with tired eyes, and be forced to follow me to the other room.

This would not work.
My car won't do this. I've tried. But I need to become a statue no matter what position my legs are in when she hops on it. Just a twitch or a sigh and she on the other side of the room as if offended here.
Baskets also can work quite well for this purpose. 

Source: personal experience with my cat while working at home during the covid-19 lockdown.
I do this with my cat too but I have to sit her in a chair facing a window or she'll follow me to the bathroom. It's funny how we change the way we do mundane tasks to appease our furbabies.
That is just precious!!!
Unsure who’s cuter..
That's only if the little bastard stays there
My cat will get up and follow me to the bathroom while trying to trip me the whole time.
But then you don't get to feel them on your lap!!
Nice teeth ... I mean technique!
I have two of those..females...
I think you accidentally selected a pillow-cat
That maneuver does not work with my lap cat. He just gets pissed off and jumps off. Pillow must be attached to mommy’s lap at all times!!
The cat I have now would totally stay put and wait for me to come back.

But other cats I've had would leap away as soon as you'd lift up the pillow.

That cat is precious, though.  The whole video is.
Can confirm, works with my lap cat as well.  


I was the pillow.
Mine would just follow me to the bathroom.
My girl says nooo when I move at all.
Have had cats. Can confirm.
My cat would've jumped up making sure to dig a clawed paw into my stomach
I do this with a blanket on the couch!
The things we do for our cats!
Someone let ol dude knows he still has some chocolate milk still on his upper lip!
I need one of these.
What spoiled rotten piece of floof
I do that with my dog but she’ll get up to follow me everytime. When I had my older girls, they would stay where I lay them but now mummy my Jellybean
I live with a bengal. I always put a blanket or pillow on my lap otherwise she's sticks to me like velcro
They called him a madman... Said it couldn't be done...
My cats would 110% jump on my chair and lay down on that, which always leads to an awkward stare off before I move them again
Bless you sir
I can’t get mine to sit still for one moment. Jelly asf.
This is amazing. We wish our cats were lap cats! Any tips?!
Wish that would work with my dog 😂
I wish my cat was a lap cat. She’s a little skitzo during the day, and only cuddles when it’s bedtime lol
I do that too ngl
Didn't work with my cat. He would leave offended because I got up
Naw my cat and I always boop faces too. I always find him waiting outside the bathroom when I get I come out
I love this! Although my cat is too hyper for this sneaky trick to work
What a cutie! The cat too.
why is he wearing a crew neck t-shirt under a v neck?
Tried it, he just gets up and looks at me angrily anyway :C
You and your cat are both beautiful beings <3 If I tried this with my fluffy boi I know damn well he’d follow me to the bathroom and just meow and demand belly rubs!
This implies that my cat allows me the time to put a pillow on my lap before he hauls ass up there. 😂 Super cute video!!
R/upvotebecauseboy
Omg the way he/she kisses you at the end! ❤️❤️❤️

I wish one of mine would accept this but the second I walked away they’d run off.
But the title said lap cat, not pillow cat.  Transferring the cat from your warm lap top a cold pillow is the challenging bit.
Why are you wearing a v neck w a under shirt?
I've tried this before and my cat just jumped off the pillow and gave me a dirty look.
Seeing men show affection to animals like this makes my heart explode from happiness, having seen so many belittled for it

Good papa <3
Yeah no my cat would be pawing at the bathroom door the second I closed it. Honestly he would probably just follow me in with lightning speed.
Alternatively, have someone in another room shake the treat bag, the cat will move on it's own accord and cant get huffy when you also move
Or you can just not have a lap cat and get another cat that gives the big respecc
First time i see someone using the same mouse that i use
Can confirm works most of the time!
Can confirm this works well
There are lap cats?
That’s boys teeth so white
[deleted]
I thought this was commonly known with all cat lovers
I’ve done this. My cat still gets up
I’ve owned that chair for like 6 years and it’s awesome, virtual brofist op
How adorable! Cute video.
I do this with my smol doggos.
I slide off my chair, put my hands on the ground behind me and crab walk down the hall, and my cat still refuses to get off haha
I think the cat that lives in my house only sits on my lap because he wants to sit in my chair. If I get up, he’ll take my spot and meow loudly when I move him once I’m back. Even if I put him back on my lap, he’ll leave and then come back and repeat an hour later.
That made my day !!♡♡♡♡♡
Cats are better than dogs. Let's start the debate
Wouldn't work for my roomates cat. 

As soon as you move she jumps, and with precision, applies all the force/pressure to your testicles in the process.
Love it
r/mensmittenwithkitten
Ahhh the ancient technique. Well done.
Probs one of the best things I’ve ever seen
1 heater cat is enough, i dont need to add insulation to the mix.
What if I don't have something in between my lap and my cat? I can't phase through matter yet.
my cat would jump up and steal my chair in a nanosecond
My dog (Bichon), or heck any dog I have had, would not put up with that. “Disturb my sleep again and you’ll be lucky I don’t leave permanently.”
Lol my cat would never ever stay on the pillow when I get up to leave
Been there, done that. Also, without a pillow, just use your hands like a big spatula and gently scoop cat onto place.
BEAUTIFUL CAT 10/10
thanks for such an idea hehe
Yasss
Has anyone ever told u that u look a lot like diplo?! 
Had to do double take lol
You sir are a Prince among men.
Grown ass man
What a good cat
Your hooman is well trained
Aww! I've definitely done this with my dog before. It makes both of us happy
I’m not mentally ill, I just think they’re both really cute! I think you’re an unhappy person so there fuckface.
Own lap cat; can confirm
Maybe the cat is just concerned that you’re wearing a t shirt under your v neck
Holy shit this will solve so many problems in my living room - thank you , hero.  🙏
This is exactly how I handle both my cats. They get a pillow to lay on, and if I need to get up they aren't disturbed.
Have you ever watched a Mommy cat deal with her offspring?  It's a cat, just move it.  The cat is not your master.  It won't care if you move it.  Don't treat a cat like your human baby, treat it like Mommy cat would.
Tried that technique...

Not good.

You can't feel the fluff. You can't feel the warmth or the purr or or the cat's presence... All the great physical sensations of holding a cat are severely numbed... Not worth it
this is also a good way to pick up and carry elderly animals who are to sore and arthritic to lift without hurting them normally.
Ha, ha, lovely!  I do that with my chi and it works pretty well, too.  BUT he has me on a timer and if I exceed the allowable limit, he start with a soft woof and escalates to full blown yapping.   I don't dare grab a coffee without "checking" in first.  These little ones are so precious!
Such  a lap cat!
I do the same with my chihuahua. Works every time. Good trick!
***WARNING*** *DO NOT PULL THE PILLOW OUT FROM UNDER THE CAT. YOU WILL DIE*
doesn't work with my cat. if you try to touch him while he's cosy rolled, he gets offended and leaves :(
I have done this with my cat.
AWWW CUTE KITTY SO CUTE CAT
I just carry my cat to the toilet and she sits on my lap there too
Also helps with cat hair pants
As the Egyptians worshiped my ancestors, so now you too!

&#x200B;

\-The Cat
as soon as I'd touch the pillow, she'd be across the room, looking at me as though I've called her all sorts of names
Are we going to talk about this left handed mouse lunatic?
OMG that nose boop is EVERYTHING
What’s your cat’s breed?
Problem is my cat knows I sit in the chair, so as soon I leave, he will control the chair.
This changes everything
I have a lap cat, but he wouldn't tolerate being moved like that. Even if he stayed on the pillow at first, by the time I got back he'd be gone.
Nope my cats just an asshole and part dog she likes to play fetch play attack your feet and drink from the toilet
Heh, that's what I do sometimes already
Is that Diplo?
This works for babies too...
This is adorable but the title is misleading- NO ONE OWNS a cat... cats own us.
This made my June 15th!!!!
Why would you willingly buy a cat
ive tried this and my cat leaves the blanket as soon as i move it. rip
one reason I'm glad that my cat is not a lap cat but loves to lay close, I hate to disturb the kitty nap! Although I feel bad because anytime I get up she just has to as well and follow me, no matter how comfy she is. Working on training her to "stay" lol
My cat would not be okay with this
Aww ; classic !
Try this, the dogs all hop down and follow me anyway.
This video made me so happy! So cute to see your baby waiting for you. My cats aren’t lap cats but maybe one day!
My cats would not be happy with me moving them into a pillow...
Sadly, mine would get up and follow me.
Are you eating chicklets?
A call this move "the cat transplant"
But....
How do you type over them? I have 3 and once they are on lap NO work gets done, 😂
What kind of cat is that
This is the best idea I've seen in a long time.
its a live version of Salem ;D
Is that Ryan Hall?
Very cute and adorable!❤️
Are you sure you are not a supervillain?
Omg I feel you, sometimes my cat will lay on me and I feel terrible moving her. I end up being stuck like this until she decides to get up or I break down and move her after +1 hour.
This will solve all my problems
The best part?  He’s a sweet little grey cat.

Grey cats are the *best* cats!
used to do that with my newborn
No one owns a cat. They own you.
Sick
What breed is she? She looks like a Korat.
My cat would be terrified if I started moving while he lays in my lap. I can't even scoot 3 feet with him to the bed without him freaking out. I've been scarred by my past attempts.
Is it just me or does he look like former NHL star Brad Richards?
I’ve taught my cats that if I tap them 3 times on their back that it means that I need to get up.  Most of the time they’ll hop up.
Wouldn't work for me. My cat has to follow me everywhere.
You’re really cute
I wish I knew this a little earlier =/
Wish my cat was like that, mine hates me
I have totally done this!
T-shirt under a t-shirt?
We all gunna ignore the fact that buddy’s got a perfect rack of teeth.
Sadly I never thought to train my kitten to submit to such things. She'll just steal the chair or follow me to the toilet and sit on my feet instead, no matter how comfortable she looks.
This doesn’t work if you have a cat that’s determined to be a /r/bathroombuddy.
I've tried this technique, but my cat usually immediately gets up and complains.
Aww we do this with our tiny doggos.  Or we just hold it until we almost pee ourselves.  Sometimes the cute faces guilt you into staying.
Grey kitties are the best.
Oh so cuteeeee, what a great idea of transport!
*S'Alright?*

S'Alright.
Such a cute cat! You have a great smile and great teeth, too, dude!
Bestest post I’ve seen that should also go in r/cuteguyswithcats 🥰
Ah yes. This is what I call ~the baby transfer~
That looks like my mouse. Is that a g703?
Вау прокольный кот))
I’ve totally done this before but she usually gets up as soon as I get up
Tammy one or Tammy two?
I miss when my girl was smol and wanted to sit in my lap when I was at the computer
<3 so cute
Solid technique
That chair made out of pipes is pretty cool and neat
My cat would assume I’m gonna give him a treat and follow me, otherwise this is great.
This is amazing. Thank you!!
The slightest flinch in my leg muscles and my cat either digs in with her claws or leaps off (with added claws)
Wish that would work with mine... She has to be be directly on me. No pillow or blanket will work
Knowing my cat, he’d just follow me to the bathroom and wait to sit on my lap when I’m on the toilet. He insists on using the buddy system.
I’d enjoy being his lap cat
Lap chihuahua owner here.  Can confirm.  She’s really disappointed on weekends when I don’t go sit in the office.
You have very white teeth
My cat would steal my seat the instant I got up.
My cats just get up and follow me to the kitchen or bathroom, then never wanna cuddle tight away after, it leads to getting suuuuper trapped sometimes, cuz theyre just loooooving it and you know when you get up to piss its over
Walmart Macklemore
no such thing as tip or peace or how or not, do any nmw and any be perfect
You're lucky if your cat is satisfied with just your lap. Mine has to be partially draped onto my mouse arm or no deal.
My cat would just get up and go downstairs with me, whether I go to the bathroom or the kitchen, in the hopes of getting any extra helpings of kibble. You're fat enough already, Tia!
Harvard: Bruh you want a scholarship?
If you sit in your cats lap, does he provide you the Sam courtesy?  Probably not. Cats are selfish little buggers.
Cheater! :p
Psh my cat would totally just follow me. She has to be in the same room I'm in because shes so nosy. Lol
That's how a good owner handles inconveniences 🤣
That is a real mans gaming setup
That kitty kiss at the end omg
My dog does this,breaks my heart to move my leg and see her abruptly wake up.
awwww i used to do that with my baby too - happy memories xx
You, good sir, are a hero.
It's the little things in life ❤
This man.  
Is a good man.
I use this technique with my dog sometimes.
Goin swimming?
I've watched this 3 times just for the "wait here" head kiss.
Fantastic💕💕💕
Not gonna lie. I've used this for years.
My cat would let me go through all that effort, only to follow me to the bathroom.
What a great idea!!  My cat would totally follow me to the kitchen or bathroom or wherever if I left without him though.
Grey cats are the best.
I too want to sit in this man's lap
The second I would even move my cat would bolt
Ok, but what if you own a demon spawn cat who is capable of extreme affection and a level of malicious antagonism that can end worlds, and the veil separating these two moods is as thin as tissue paper?
Oooo, I bet that would be cooler, too. Hard to have August snuggles with a ~101° furball.
Aww both you can your cat are very cute :) but why are you wearing double t-shirts haha
I do the same with my kitty haha
Cool. Another one [technique](https://youtu.be/aOctb0DKiKg)
For sure, I have an old feather pillow for exactly this purpose. If he's directly on my lap and I need to get up, he senses it and hooks into my thighs, lol. So yeah, pillow all the way.
Always with a kiss on the head!
This guy cats
Whenever I do that my cat gets up and leaves like the uncomfortable prick he is. I still love him though.
Makes me wish I had a lap cat. Current one is cute but uninterested in any social behaviour except for playing. Last one was a lap cat for everyone except me.
I really need to understand cats. Why would a human sacrifice their ways for a cat? I love my dog but he gets me I guess.
The most brilliant minds of our time have nothing on portable nap lap man!
Rawr!
If that was my cat she would have stolen my seat.
This is just relatable
I used to do this with my old girl, years ago. Miss her. Can confirm - this tip works well!
omfg. i can feel(ine) your productivity go up 100 fold!!! I need this.
I just put the cat on the floor.
MARRY ME.  xoxoxo
Stop vertical video syndrome.
Big brain
Pro move !
and.....resume
"If a cat sits on you, go back in time and get a pillow before it does."
yeah....I've done that
Idk man, hearing the drama mew's is quite hilarious when I gotta get up.
Dem white teeth !
You are good men. Thank you for caring this buddy.
i have a shoulder cat. we just pee together. its a weird relationship
My cat lets me do this to her. It's the cutest thing.
You look so familiar and I can’t put my finger on it. Were you on a tv show at some point?
Kept the old office chair in my room precisely for this purpose (because apparently sleeping on it was not an attractive prospect for my cat when a perfectly good lap was right there)
It’s a Cat Platter.
Cats are comfort minded.♥️
Bollywood Diplo
The kiss at the beginning and the boop at the end!! 🥰
Hi, yeah I would like to order a human, 
Oh with white shirt and short hair! And 
And cargo short on the bottom.
Does this work for dogs as well? Asking for a friend that has one being so comfy on their lap right now.
That’s exactly what I do. Now anytime I have a pillow in my lap he shows up.
I have tried this in the past and tyye moment you touch the pillow/blanket they leave
Mine would jump down to follow me the second I stood up 99% of the time. It's suuuuuuper rare for her to just hang out and wait for me to come back.
I’ve used the pillow slide technique, this very same one!!!
I call this maneuver "The Forklift."
OP is cute
I did this with my newborn human, with about 50% success. (But didn't leave her on a chair.)
This actually is genius thank you
I've removed my cat from my lap only to have her immediately jump back up into my lap.
My cat would wait until I got through doing all of that and THEN jump down
Omg this is the cutest thing ever
T
Yesgood
awww! The head bonk at the end!
Looks just like my cat, but knows the difference between my lap and a pillow.
Hahaha what a legend! That's brilliant!
Isn't that the standard?
Oh the kitteh loves his human!!!
Dude your teeth are unnaturally perfect
I used to have a very large and heavy male cat that I used this technique with because he would dig his claws in so that he did'nt fall off my lap.
My lady: Can you get the microwave?
Me: Sorry hon, I'm with dog.
My lady: Ok, I've got it.
Alternatively one of those baby strollers or a music stand on wheels
oh my god, that petting and head boop at the end. <3
Men that like cats just gets me.
Sweaty balls
my cats are smarter. they will get up before i do
That's adorable. Reminds me of my cat. I miss Hunter
From what I could tell all that nuzzle at the end said was

"Be grateful you 'made it snappy', chair." Lol.
The lil smooch he gives the cat before he gets up is what I'm here for
That last bit was the best.
My cat lets me do this without a pillow i just have to make sure i find him a Good spot
Bold of you to assume my Flame Point doesn't have to be there each and every time I decide to take a shit.
My catto has her favorite blanket and I do something similar with it
I wonder if it works with toddlers...
I do this with my cat too!!! 😹
LPT: Own a Lap Cat
The book at the end was SUUU CYUTE
Only way I can get my lap cat off my lap is to fake a sneeze...
Adorable.
In our house we call this a "cat transplant". There are successful cat transplants and unsuccessful cat transplants. Like all transplants, it depends on the cat and how suited it was for the environment you placed it into.
Works with a Chihuahua as well.
Done that. If your planning to use that computer, it will be very unergonomic and wreck you back.
Why is he wearing two shirts?
Any tips for shoulder cats who do *not* appreciate it when you try to reach for a drink and will either dig in their claws and/or spring off immediately?
Brilliant!
Im gonna do whats called a pro gamer move
Oooooh, how very sweet. I luv it!
I used this for my newborn to move him from my lap to his bed, worked wonders to avoid waking him up.
Has you well trained.
GENIUS
14 or 40?
Awwww(to both)
[removed]
Sheesh, only amateurs don't know about 'the pillow trick'
You’re both really cute. Me likey
Future pete davidson?
Or come prepared. Bring a bottle with you and whip it out when u gotta go. Ez.
[deleted]
[deleted]
or you can tell the little fuck face to get off your lap

imagine letting your pets control your life
