The Wiggles so big he whole butt moves!
That's the power of pets,they are the best things that happened to your mental health, until they get too old and die, then they become the worst thing that happened to your mental health
Oh my what kind of puppers is he
Wiggliest bum ever, aww
Your heart will never not melt
[deleted]
To everyone asking, his name is Bell and he is a cockapoo.

My sister also made an instagram page for him @bell_the_cockapoo
Oh my god, that would motivate me to get out of bed and go to work every single day
And your heart will keep melting. Treasure that puppy and love them every day, and they will love you back.
Having someone be so excited to see you every time should be reason enough for everyone to have a dog.
The location of that pad tells a story
Awww little wiggle dancer, heaps of cuddles waiting for you now... whats his name ?
And good boi didn’t even use his pee pee pad.
A love like no other. I love my little dog and am so thankful for his companionship and love. I feel so fortunate to have him. ❤️🐶
What precious love you have there.
r/PetTheDamnDog
What a precious nugget. 💕
Omg it's the full body wiggles.
r/PetsareAmazing
A word of advice from a long time fosterer, get him trained off the pee pads as quickly as possible and into outdoor eliminating. You’re basically teaching that it’s ok to “go” indoors. 

Other than that ONG WHAT A CUTE WIDDLE WIGGLE BUTT I WANNA SNORGLE
OMG to see that cute face every day! Yea I'd be pretty happy too!
He's wonderful, you must be very proud
Please enjoy this every single day.  I swear I'm mentally healthier and happier because of them.  They are the best.
The best part of this is that, even 10 years later, you will get the same reaction
there really is no feeling in the world like having an animal greet you when you come home. I had pets all my life but when I moved in with my SO we don't have pets where we live and I never realized what a empty hole it would leave in my life. 😭💔
Omg your loaf of bread just cured my depression 😍😍
I'll be like you in... Some years... Maybe... I hope so
What a wiggly baby! Congrats mom/dad!
Every dog own believes they have the best dog... and they’re probably right.
It appears that the feeling is mutual.  Congrats on your sweet addition to the family.
Puppy's heart melts when you come home, too.
There’s nothing like the joy of a dog seeing you after you’ve been gone for 5 hours or 5 seconds. Love that wiggly butt!
As someone who has owned dogs his whole life, I assure you this will never ever get old and will always make you smile and feel warm inside.
The best part is they never grow out of being that excited to see you. It's literally every single time you have been gone for more than a few minutes.
get ready for an excessive amount of unconditional love!
Those little legs are too small for stairs. You need a ramp.

That is a really majestic little muppet.
The whole bottom part wiggles!
Your dog feels the same way
It's absolutely the best feeling in the world to have a pet that loves you so much.
Omg that face. Lucky you! You’ve never known a love like this. Congrats on your new best friend!
Awww! Too cute <3
Your fur baby is ADORABLE!!
I think I love you, sweet pup!
Good puppy!
What a little macaroon!
This is textbook tail wagging the dog.
Can i pet that dog?
I also just got my first dog. Coming through the door is the best part of my day
The wįggłęś
What breed is that dog?
How did you decide on the breed, I’d love to get a dog but I don’t know which breed would be best for me.
Look at that wiggle butt!!
Omg...how can you not forget everything that happened all day! He's got the wiggle and I swear,  he's smiling! He's beautiful!
Awww.. the wiggles are just the cutest!  Melted my heart too!  Congratulations to both of you!!
Once a pet owner, always a pet owner
Ugh the cutest first pet of all time!!
Those ears are so precious
You have achieved a full-body wiggle. Your pet loves you.
너무 기여오 😭
What breed is this? I need one.
It's a Muppet!
Such a wiggly sweetheart!
How can you ever leave?!
That's an adorable chicken nugget.
Best wiggles!!
That puppy has piddled on something valuable or pooped in a shoe - I’d know that reticent joy response anywhere!
That's the quintessential heart-melting look right there.
Pets are a treasure in this world id give up everything I own to have all of my pets back
full body uncontrollable wiggles makes my heart melt
Awww. What a beautiful little goober.
What kind of dog is that? I want to snuggle with him
Can someone correct me if I'm wrong since I'm only a cat owner but isn't it bad for dogs having those pad since they learn its okay to go only in those pads and even confuse carpet with it leading to more accidents around the house?
Pet the dog already.   Put the camera down and reward that dog for being such a great dog.
Aw! Those wiggles!!!
Happy wiggle waggles!!
My first and second dogs were both cockapoos. I'm now on dog number 4 and they all strongly resemble the first dog. They are such sweethearts.
God bless a terrier
How did you find a dog that looks like Bear in the Big Blue House?!❤
Enjoy. Get all the unconditional love and cuddles and laugh with him/her because they like having run. If possible when you walk ask “which way this time?”  My loving dog got to choose which way we would walk. Sometimes dogs get tired of smelling the same dogs over and over. My 14 year old girl was somewhat big at 76 pounds. The only way I could even partially give back to her was to stop her pain by letting her go. I imagine she’s running with all the other dogs. 
Have fun. Oh and a tired dog is always a good dog.
Butt wags are the best
That is so cute it never gets old I love coming home and have my dog wag his tail when he sees me
Awwww, is right!  How precious.
What breed is that?
Now this is just fabulous! Congratulations for making one of the best life decisions you will ever make 😀.
He/she is adorable!!  Congrats!!  I have a eight-year-old male tuxedo cat named Topher.  Like you I've been through a lot of stress this year and he has been my rock.  He makes me laugh and his purring is music to my ears.  Hope things get better for you soon.  Take care and stay safe. 🐶🐱❤
Pick him up and give him a lot of kisses!
Whole body wags are priceless. That's a keeper, for sure.
He do special dance just for you
Excuse me your mop is far too wiggly. That's not allowed.
This pup is unbelievably cute
AHHHHHHH GIVE IT PETS ITS SO CUTE
How could you NOT fall in love with that sweet boy/girl?! So innocent and sweet. Love it
what kind of breed is this cute fluffy cloud?
aw hes cute, but remember he's not property to own he is your companion!
Such a beauty
I get the same reaction with my Pomeranian. I don't know what I'd do without her, she's really helped my mental health, especially during lockdown.

Does your pupper like belly rubs? If so, give them loads for me!
R/aww
Can confirm that this greeting never gets old
I have the same baby as u :)
Their love is effortless and a joy that reaches no bounds
It will change as your pup grows up.   It'll get better. Seeing that sweet face peering out the window when you get home and meeting you at the door will be the best part of many, many days.
Now you realise what you’ve missed your entire life. Sunshine and joy with a whole lot of pure love thrown in...
Great video love it.
Ps I need some comment karma plz like
Those are welcome wiggles
Is the Poodle the #1 choice to breed to? Why is that? Intelligence overall cuteness ... Our Peek-a-poo lived a long life, very smart it even used to climb a branch on one of our trees to get a better view, lol.  Loved that pup!
No one else will wag their entire being just cuz you stepped into the room. Only your dog.
He looks so much like my dog when he was a pup.  If you want to see just about the cutest thing ever give him an ice cube and watch him chase it around.  Good for his teething and so much fun to watch.
That face is a good face. And good wiggles too
What a good natured little muppet 😆
Wiggle woggle
He is darling. I want him!
I'm this <--> close to adopting during quarantine
Yep, I’ve had my guy for over 7 years now and this is still the highlight of every single day. No matter how bad, long, or frustrating the day I was I know there’s pure sunshine waiting for me at home.
That good boi deserves an upvote
What dog breed is this? I have a dog that looks a lot like yours
Love has indeed a melting capability! Mine melted too.
Looks like your doggy’s heart melts whenever you come home too❤️
I need to hear this
Dog are honestly so amazing
Isn’t that the best thing when you get home?  They are just so happy to see you- they don’t know what kind of day you’ve had but they just know that YOU’RE HOME!  YAY!!
Look at that wagging tail, the tail is almost wagging the body! Big floppy ears too!
Can't see any comments on the need for a baby gate on those stairs! I've heard horror stories of puppies falling down stairs and breaking their legs/spine. Be careful and make sure he's safe!!
The best part? That feeling never goes away.
My heart melted
Hims wiggly little butt 😍🥰
Fuck, this makes me miss my doggie :(
I've owned and loved many pets throughout my life, and that baby would melt my heart too. 

You're both very lucky!
I’ve been a pet owner for almost 22 years. And many a wonderful pet has and still meets me at the door, or the front gate, and sometimes whines and cries when I go to work. It’s a special caring, loving emotion they seem to emit from their body. And it never gets old. Never.
IS THAT A GOLDEN WEINER?!
Please stop recording and just pet him 😭
OMFG SO CUTE
he's trying to keep 1.5M but he also wants to play with you
The great thing is it never stops being lovely
PET THE DAMN DOG
Thank you for this. I've been trying to cope with depression and this really made my day
That’s one pretty girl
That’s the bear in the big blue house
Give that good boy a scratch for me.
So cute I might just die 😱
Puppies > Humans
Gee. Why? /s

What a cute little sweetheart! My heart would melt each time too! Such a wiggle!
Omg what a cutie doggie love how happy the pup is :)
Twerking hardcore.
Aww what breed?
Oh man, look at that little face!
That's a whole damn 100% organic wiggle farm if I ever did see one.
Every time we either wake up in the morning or come home, our cat goes crazy and talks to us. It never gets old. Being loved by your animal is one of the best feelings in the world.
What breed is that?!?!? I need one!
The cutest little muppet ❤
He’s a first time human owner too 🥺🥺🥺
You dog is so adorable I have just decided that I will find myself a cockapoo for my 45th birthday. That’s a ways away, but I just decided to set a date.
Awww, what a cute puppy dog!
Here’s the best part. Every single day. Every single time you come home. They will be that happy to see you. No matter what
Holy shit.  


This boy/girl packs a punch when it comes to charisma.
Mine starts to pee whenever he starts to wiggle that enthusiastically
Reminds me of the old joke:

Who loves a man more, his wife or his dog? Well, lock them both in the trunk of the car and see which one is happy when he opens it back up!

⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣤⣶⣶⡶⠦⠴⠶⠶⠶⠶⡶⠶⠦⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⣄⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⠀⢀⣤⠄⠀⠀⣶⢤⣄⠀⠀⠀⣤⣤⣄⣿⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡷⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠙⠢⠙⠻⣿⡿⠿⠿⠫⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣤⠞⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⣴⣶⣄⠀⠀⠀⢀⣕⠦⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⢀⣤⠾⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣼⣿⠟⢿⣆⠀⢠⡟⠉⠉⠊⠳⢤⣀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⣠⡾⠛⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣀⣾⣿⠃⠀⡀⠹⣧⣘⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠳⢤ ⠀⣿⡀⠀⠀⢠⣶⣶⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠁⠀⣼⠃⠀⢹⣿⣿⣿⣶⣶⣤⠀⠀⠀⢰⣷ ⠀⢿⣇⠀⠀⠈⠻⡟⠛⠋⠉⠉⠀⠀⡼⠃⠀⢠⣿⠋⠉⠉⠛⠛⠋⠀⢀⢀⣿ ⠀⠘⣿⡄⠀⠀⠀⠈⠢⡀⠀⠀⠀⡼⠁⠀⢠⣿⠇⠀⠀⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡜⣼⡿⠀ ⠀⠀⢻⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⡄⠀⢰⠃⠀⠀⣾⡟⠀⠀⠸⡇⠀⠀⠀⢰⢧⣿⠃ ⠀⠀⠘⣿⣇⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⠇⠀⠇⠀⠀⣼⠟⠀⠀⠀⠀⣇⠀⠀⢀⡟⣾⡟⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⢹⣿⡄⠀⠀⠀⣿⠀⣀⣠⠴⠚⠛⠶⣤⣀⠀⠀⢻⠀⢀⡾⣹⣿⠃⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⢿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠙⠊⠁⠀⢠⡆⠀⠀⠀⠉⠛⠓⠋⠀⠸⢣⣿⠏⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⣿⣷⣦⣤⣤⣄⣀⣀⣿⣤⣤⣤⣤⣤⣄⣀⣀⣀⣀⣾⡟⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢹⣿⣿⣿⣻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠃
why doesnt the app allow me to save this ಠ_ಠ
Unconditional love...!
Aww the happy wiggles
oh wow! you just look at that butt wiggle
Remember they’re something special to you but you’re everything special to them.
OMG I love him/her! *cries*
Your pup has the sweetest face and the wiggliest butt. I adore him.
Family could care less when I get home but the dog is so excited!!!!  They make it all worth it.
i missted you... love me... :)
Well if that isn't the cutest goddamn thing I have ever seen.
There's nothing sweeter on earth than this kind of love. Dogs were created to love and be loved by us.
best feeling ever is coming home to a dog that just wants to see you
That's all the time
I shall call him wiggles! 😊 My Rottweiler wiggles his whole 156lb fat ass just like this, no tail and all. Love it❤️
Pet him damnit! D:

We demand video proof!
Doodles are the best.
Please keep fluffy long boy away from those stairs. Dachshunds are highly prone to back injuries and it's more likely to occur on stairs or jumping off objects. btw, they are super love bugs and mine still goes nuts when I come home.
Wee wee pads are garbage.
What kind of dog is this?
Please tell me what breed this beautiful puppy is! So gorgeous my heart has melted
That's a cute fuzzy goblin you got there.
A MUPPET
/r/MasterReturns
love shouldn't be given away so freely.
Congrats on the pupper!

My experience with the pp pads has not been great though. We used them heavily on 2 of our dogs who had to hold it, but it kind of taught them that place and the laminate floor we put them on were good places to go pee.

What I did with my current dog was CONSTANTLY take him out as a puppy. I mean every 10 minutes tell he gets it that's where he goes. Then tons of praise and singing about how smart he is when he goes outside.
Fucking hell god put a lot of work into making this one cute
You are the luckiest man alive!
[removed]
Cute puppy
I dunno if anyone is skilled enough to handle that much raw unbridled cute. It’s too dangerous. Call for backup.
The wiggle butt ❤️
Oh he’s gorgeous what is he?

I hope to get a pet one day!
LOOK AT THAT LITTLE TEDDY BEARRR OMG
Mine would too.
The wiggle!! And the floof!
That’s such a nice dog!  Congratulations on your new best friend. They’re the best.
TAKE MY COINS PLEASE THIS IS TOO CUTE
It's literally the best feeling. Congratulations!
How cute!!!!!
This is why dogs are so awesome. Now pet the dog!!!
Wiggle dog
😍♥️🐶
And so does his, apparently!
They are so excited to see you,it’s not just their bum that wiggles,their whole body wiggles!!,only animals can express such unconditional love.they are the most adorable pup,Your so lucky🥰🥰🥰❤️❤️XX
Those are the happy wiggles
I just got a dog a month ago and honestly this is one of the best parts. My dog wakes up from her nap and says hello to me all happy and goes back to nap. Makes my fucking day
What a sweetheart!!!
We don't deserve dogs.
You know he’s happy when it’s a full butt wag and not just the tail
FYI, years later and he'd still be as excited to see you home 💕
Oh my god!!! I need this dog in my life
😭
That is a love bug that will be yr very best friend
those sweet dark eyes!

Oh! happy days! congratulations on your new family member!!!!
A mini bear in the big blue house 🥺
Oh my word that’s the sweetest baby ever 🥰
Congratulations!❤️
How PRECIOUS!!!!
I grew up with dogs, when I moved out on my own the apartment i had did not allow pets. Never imagened how lonely it would be to come home to an empty house.
Aww look at him doing a little dance
When your dog is so excited to see you they wag their entire body.
It's all about the wiggle <3
what is ur pet name
Too adorable!
Well that is just a cutie wiggle worm... Hope he gets off the pee pad soon, he is trying but it isn't easy.
what a sweet baby
I'm not sure what kind of noise I made, that's how freaking cute this is.

*Edit* watched again. If a gasp for air and an aww are combined that's the noise.
That puppy butt is doing the wiggle, and is so adorbs!!
That happy wiggle just left a puddle
LOOK

AT

THAT

WIGGLE

BOTTOM
r/hugthedamndog
The puppy pad is empty so there’s probably a surprise waiting for you somewhere.
omg you have a living teddy bear
my heart exploded from cuteness
only being in this world that will met you like that with unconditional love *every* time..if one time he doesn't do that - take him to the vet (god forbid) , he\`s sick..our best friends
Oh, (s)he‘s a piece of gold 💛
Congratulations on your first pet!
Love the full butt tail wag. Really gets that ass into it
/r/fluffnugget
Awww
That’s one of the cutest dogs I’ve ever seen and I just came from 4 - 7 week old mastiff pups that look like wrinkly potatoes.
>Would you rather it come gushing out?
I am in no way lying when I say that pup is cute as fuck
Got that wiggle butt
So fvcking cute !!!!!
What's your dog's name?
I've had my heart broken many many times with dogs and this always warms my heart into not getting another dog again. Just too many emotions to deal with a little pupper
That's why I love dogs there always glad to see you.
WHAT A BEAUTIFUL FLOOFY PUPPER!
I needed that today. Thanks
First, I hope someday she can be named.
Aww, nothing beats coming home to a waggy tail.
Oh puppy, puppy, puppy! What kind of puppers are we & what is our name?
What’s their name?
Ohh my, that's a cute puppy dogge.
Omg that waggle butt!
Omg his butt can't handle the wag
Benji.
Fuzzy Butt!!
OMG that is so adorable. Please love on him/her a lot. What a little sweetheart.
 Oh my God he is adorableeee
I have your dog's twin brother
I'm in love with that sweet face.🥰
What a floofer
Cockapoo's are the best! And super smart!
“Yes! You came back!”
That whole butt wiggle thing is too much.  No wonder you adopted him - who can resist that amount of cuteness?
Awwwww fur baby so happy you're home. I love animals, people  ehhh...just got rid of a money grabbing, in it for herself for years with me, became an alcoholic, mean ....ugh...yes sweet puppy can have all my cuddles
Look at that wiggle butt!
Never gets old!
Whatchu gonna do with that cute lil butt?

Wiggle wiggle wiggle
The dog's heart melts when you come home too....
Welcome to one of God’s greatest gifts to mankind, pets.  They are a big responsibility and it looks as though yours is very happy and living it’s best life, keep up the love! ❤️
What a wiggle butt!!!!! Cuteness overload!!!!
So does his.
Wiggle wiggle wiggle
It gets better. Im always like that with my Rufus❤
Omg what a sweet dog
Videos like this need to end with pets!!!
That feeling never goes away.
Enjoy this while you can. I use to love being greeted by my pup every time, but now he’s too old to sense us coming in :(
This is the cutest puppy I’ve ever seen omg
Pls give them lots of pets and love because that is an adorable creature
Aww <3
Such a cutie-pie!
Sweet dog! What kind of dog do you have?
Congratulations, my friend. There’s nothing quite like it.
Oh my gosh my dad used to bring my dog to pick me up from the train after work everyday and they would wait outside the train doors and my dog was always super excited and would come up wagging his tail and licking me and it was literally the *highlight* of my day 😩😩
That’s why we refer to them as (wo)mans best friend.
Such a wonderful, privileged joy.  We're so, so lucky.   I love my dogs so much.   Nothing except the love and appreciation for my husband tops the joy I feel providing them their best possible life.  There is this moment that happens twice a day when I feed them that they both pause for a second before scarfing down and give me this look of appreciation and love.  Sometimes after a very long shift it's a little something that makes all the hard work worth it.
awww
Shaggy boi
Awwwww reminds me so much of one of my dogs! She's some kind of poodle mix and does the same little wiggle when she's excited!
Consider yourself lucky. 

My golden runs back into my roommate's room every time I come home.
Cavapoo?
SO CUTE. 

Make sure you socialize them, I wish I'd done better with that. Also take care not to let them jump from high places and the like, his long back could be hurt easily.
I would be OK with you posting your coming home daily...
So many wiggles!
Dog owner pro tip.... ditch the pee pads. He’s such a cutie
Look how excited he is to see you. Look!
He looks like Bear from Bear in the Big Blue House.
Enjoy it. In the 30+ years I've been on this Earth there has never been *anything* as consistently good and joyful than coming home to my little dudes (or lady, RIP) waging their body ready to greet me. They really are our best friends, and we don't deserve it.

God is a dog.
PET HIM GODDAMIT!
You’ll be even happier when they stop shitting and pissing on your floor ✌🏼🖤
Soo cute 😭💜
r/ntbdbiwdfta
What a beauty! Please consider putting a pet gate at the top of those stairs. Keep that sweet pupper safe and remember to give lots of belly scratches 😊
Omg pet this gorgeous puppy, please
Reminds me of my dear Toffee
My wife had never owned a dog before we got Zeke.  She was strictly a cat person and told me Zeke would be my problem.  Yeah... he's now "her" dog.  I knew he'd won her over when she switched her lease from a sedan to an SUV.  I asked her why and she said, "Oh, it will be great... Zeke will have so much more room and..."  Wait... You got your new car... for the dog?  Yeah, you are officially a dog-person.

She had also told me, prior to this that, she had no idea how wonderful it was to come home to a creature that loved you this much.  Dogs are just... awesome.
lol

Have kids, incel
Ain't nothing better than a wiggle butt welcoming you home. Even if you had the worst friggin day ever there's something about that pure unadulterated love that makes everything feel better. 

My pitties are notorious for making me feel better no matter how bad the day.
Dude, enjoy it. My dog just lays in her bean bag when I get home and kinda snorts at me.
Oh those but wiggles
🎵Welcome welcome welcome to the big blue house....
This will ever be one of the best feelings in the world.
I can’t tell how old this dog is but LPT for anyone potty training a puppy: WHATEVER YOU DO, DO NOT POTTY TRAIN WITH POTTY PADS LIKE THIS

All it does it teach your dog to potty in the house. Period. It doesn’t matter if you gradually decrease the area covered by potty pads and gradually move the last one towards the door. That’s all bullshit. Your dog isn’t going to know the difference between pottying on a potty pad or pottying on the floor. Maybe this method works for some dogs, but it should NOT be your first choice.

Potty training should include:

1) never letting the pup out of your sight unless you are crate training
2) even if you are crate training you should be nearby and check frequently
3) learn your pup’s potty cues. Every dog, especially puppy, has them. If you can’t figure it out, you’re not paying close enough attention
4) take your pup out immediately as soon as you sense a potty cue

No puppy wants to potty in its living area, which is why crate training is so effective. 

The biggest problem with crate training is that many puppies are unfortunately coming from puppy mills and/or pet stores where they spend most of their young lives in a crate, and learn to just soil their crate, which is totally against their natural urge. I even disagree with otherwise responsible breeders who keep the litter indoors. My dog’s litter was kept in a partial indoor/partial outdoor enclosure. They learn from a very young age to potty on the outdoor part, which is on grass. Even in the very beginning, at 8 weeks, she would not potty anywhere except grass unless urgency forced her to.

It’s difficult when you work entire shifts, but ideally you should have your puppy crated or confined for their safety anyway, and you need to work HARD during the time you are home to reinforce outdoor pottying. 

But whatever you do, don’t use potty pads. 
Puppies are born with a natural desire to not soil their living area, and potty pads will just teach them to potty on the floor. They’re only good for senior dogs who physically cannot hold it while you’re at work, or rescues that aren’t potty trained anyway and there’s nothing left to lose.
Good god. How can you possibly gather the will to leave the house at any point? I’d take one look at those eyes and that wagging butt and be like “aww actually I don’t need to do anything, I can just stay in for the day”
Wiggles
/r/masterreturns
I was thinking of getting I’m the family our first puppy. Any tips?
It isn’t too often I let out an audible “aww”, but this was one of those moments.
Unconditional love is the best
What a great feeling!
Oh my goodness !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! What a beautiful cute lil sweet lil baby angel :,) I’m so happy for you and him !!!! He’s one of the best decisions you’ve made !!!! :)
oh man, it should. that is cutest fluffball  I have ever seen.
Mine would be too adorable puppy
Fucking pet him you lunatic
I went full squeaky voice on this video. *soooo cuteee*
That is a grade-A butt wiggle
Someone’s a good boi!!!
So fluffy! 😍
Until he starts peeing all over the floor
Very adorable.  Congratulations.
His tiny little dance 😍
Oh goodness so much fluffy love
Embrace everything. Know that this is limited. Give them the best time of their life. Do not get angry at them unless it is their fault. 

Do not take out your stress and yell at them because you are emotionally distraught. Especially when they are getting to be older. 

These are all regrets that I always think of when I think about my dog. 

My stress level at the time was through the roof as my dog was getting older. I was snappy and raised my voice a lot. That was his last month being around me.  The last day of his life was my biggest regret. I still have a waterfall face every time I think of him. 

I’d like to think I have him the best 11 1/2 years ever and I always go to bed asking for him to forgive me for my actions for the last month. 

Hold on. Crying right now again. It is his first year anniversary and I still miss him to this day. 

Hey big guy, if you read this because dogs can do anything now they are in heaven, please forgive me and look after my brother and I. I love you always Johnny Cashibola.
Full-body wag!
My dog is the same colour and the banks of her pants and tail are an orange-y colour. Not sure why? I do need to get her groomed ect
😍
Three dogs in, my heart still melts every time. Now it’s worse because it’s a welcome stampede, and mandatory sniff inspection.
SO DAMN CUTE
It will never get old
He’s lovely :)

A cockapoo is likely what my girlfriend and I will get when the time comes, out friends have one @cali_nyc and she’s wonderful. Amazing that they are the “same mix”.

I’ve seen so many different looking cockapoos! They typically don’t have a tail in the US but it’s illegal to snip tails in The Netherlands, which I think is way better, although I still can’t get used to the sight of a Rottweiler with a tail...
Sweet baby!!
Looks like his heart melts too
Norm
Not to be dramatic but I would literally die for him
Do yourself a favor and ditch the puppy pads and get a crate.  Yuck!
Thank you for posting this. Thank you
There is something truly magical about having a pet. Every day with them is the best day of your life. Cherish every moment.
That looks like a goodun...
Posts like these remind me why I love the internet. Thank you for sharing your furred family member with us!
He's a vanilla version of my dog
What kind of dog?
That slow wiggle is adorable!! I love him!
Look at that wagging tail, the tail is almost wagging the body! Big floppy ears too!
Did you know that since dogs have much better noses than us humans. Dogs can sometimes smell us before we even open the door and if you look at videos where people have hidden cameras inside their houses you can often see the dog jumping around when it realises that their owner is coming home.  :D
Booty shake
pets are the cure to sadness :)
Thats is the cutest doggo!!! You are so lucky to see that everyday
Congrats! You've been caught! Your one of us now...theres no escape! Welcome!😁
Oh my god. The preview picture had me thinking it was an older, bigger dog. Then the video comes up the stairs and you see the butt wiggle. Oof.

Plus my old brown terrier does this in the kitchen when he's getting snacks :)

Have fun with the pup!
You will never get tired of seeing that.
Congrats on your sweet baby! Dogs really are the best ❤️
Love the wiggle bottom! haha
What kind of dog is that 🥺🥺🥺
I never could have predicted the power my dog wields over me. The day I put my fingers in another dogs mouth to free him I knew I'd go after him no matter what the risk.
Nice video.
In 10 years,  your heart will still melt when you come home.  Probably one of the best parts of a day.
Fyi, dont use pee pads....
What kind of dog is this? How do you feel about cloning?
My dog does this too check [her] (https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ) out
i had a beautiful little cockapoo as well but she seemed to inherent the poodle more than the cocker spaniel. she was much taller than yours. she was a great dog! make sure you brush them often. and i love how short your puppy is!!! so freaking cute
Pee pads are bad. You're teaching him it's okay to pee in the house. Create him while you're gone. He'll get to the point where he won't use the bathroom in his crate. Take him outside a bunch while you're home. Easiest way to hide train
Sooo cute!!!
Awww!!! So cute!!!
I’m so excited for you. Having a pet is always having a best friend around you.
Omggg look at that wagging tail his but gon take off if keep shaking it that hard so cute omg
Wiggle wobble
too cute
I've had pets my entire life. Coming home to an animal that is happy to see you is THE BEST.
I hate to be that guy but you'll have a heart attack when you get the vet bill.  If your dog is young, <10 years old, you should get comprehensive pet insurance now!
I bawled my eyes out the first time I came home to my pup. No one has ever been that excited to see me. He definitely taught me unconditional love. I hope you both have a long, happy journey in life together!
https://imgur.com/GAsnnxo.jpg
I prescribe pets, belly scrubs, and cuddles - STAT
It's the best feeling. My boy goes absolutely nuts every time we come home, even after the smallest amount of time. So much love
What an adorable baby! What breed is it? So fucking cute.
Meanwhile my cat just tells at me like an asshole cause he got stuck in the cabinets again
Omg that dog loves you so much! You can tell
nobody is happier to see you then a pet.  I have 4 dogs and they all go ape shit when I get home from work.  howling and barking and jumping up on me.  Its the best.
For a second thought, the dog shakes were stuck in a loop.
Any dog mixed with poodle is a better dog. In my opinion. This one’s adorable
So cute
Welcome to dog parenthood.
You’re lucky. Ironically I was forced to put mine to sleep due to a tumor today, take care of your pet, cherish them even if they may be annoying from time to time.
Elongated golden locks puppers

that must be a Wiener Retriever
So cute! Sweet puppies help so much with healing. Your pup looks just like mine. [my Fifi](https://imgur.com/gallery/YaKL2GR)
Stop filming and pick the man up and give him a snuggle.
Dont forget, he might be a part of your world, but your his/her world!
Isn't it nice? Just a little unconditional (kinda, I know there's always conditions) love, my friend.
My wife is allergic to dogs, so trying to get a hypoallergenic pet. Doing research on how to raise a pet. 

What kind of challenges are u facing as a first time pet owner?
Cute dog
Thats how my 12 week German Shepherd/Rott greets me, then its followed by him munching on my arm. 10/10.
What breed is that?
r/petthedamndog
Breed? 🥺
We need a name here!
Sounds about right 😍😍😍
He might only be part of your life, but for your dog, you are his whole life.
I wanted my heart to be melted too. Sadly, pets are not allowed in my apartment.
Your pup loves you 💕
Wiggle worm!
Looks like his heart melts when he sees you too!! Cute as heck.
I think he left you a present somewhere up there.
An actual teddy bear!!
Awww, I’m a cat person but I love little dogs like this. I mostly grew up with small cocker spaniels and loved them. I want one, one day...but I need a house and nice backyard to give it the life it really deserves. My cat is fine being a house cat... running and sliding on floors, curling up for movies, sleeping in the window and chasing bugs.
The cute temperature is too high, I’m scared my heart might melt.
thats an incredibly cute dog.
Long time pet owner and that right there is love
To quote jason derulo "wiggle wiggle wiggle"
Mini Snuffleupagus
He/she loves you!!!
Woogly woogly woof woof :)
Is that a dog?
He needs to pee.  And hes cute
Omg the miniature foot tamps
Look at those peets.
Just came home. No pee on the pee pad... yep I remember those days.
Puppy pads teach a dog that it's okay to go in the house. So if you ever remove them and they have to go, they'll piss on the carpet instead of waiting to go outside.
Are they a pupper? Or an old boi?
Awwwe! Such a sweet looking baby! What breed is he or she?
It's really great to have someone excited to see you when you get back home
I need this kind of heart melting in my life.
What type of breed ? So adorable
Aww
My heart just melted, too.
I very much try to be "to each their own", but I can't help but think that those who are "not a dog person" are simply wrong.
Omg the wags are so big they slap either side of his body!
Safe to say he's not a rescue?
First was really cool, instead of just jewelry.
This is how my 5 year old Pitbull acts towards everything and everyone, complete strangers. Kudos, puppy!
I have two cockapoo! Such loving and playful dogs, you will definitely enjoy your new companion!
Its the best! I will be gone literally to grab mail and my puppy greets me like she hasnt seen me in years. 

It is amazing!
Love them as long as you can. They’re always there for you...
the best part of coming home
That's so cute! Congratulations on your first fur baby.
Fish aren't like this
Awe! What a precious doggo!❤
Cool,so who's with the dog when you're not home?
“Pet me!!!”
This dog reminds me of “bear in the big blue house”
He looks so cute, but PLEASE make sure you're brushing him often enough. 

Matting would be super painful for puppy.
So cute
Pure love
I love when a puppy wags their tail and their whole bum moves back and forth. It’s so cute!
Ugh that baby is beautiful!!! I’m glad the love is shared between you two!!!
Awwwww :))))
I needed to see this today.  What a sweet little friend!  ❤️
OMG 😍
The butt wiggles from my little rat are my reason for living on occasion
he's good boye
The sweetest !
Omg the floofy paws 😍
The body wag 🥺
Ahh what a cutie!!
Booty shakes
So does his!  Adorable little guy.
My kitty has been an angel for me. She is super loving.
Look at that happy bum!!
That’s mad
Doggies are absolute gifts
This is the cutest shit I ever seen
What a little Darling!!!~!~!
So so cute 😁
I would name him Mr.WiggleButt
Yes I refuse to ever be without a fur ball now. I LOVE seeing them when I come home. Chaos is worth it.
And it will always melt, because they will always greet you with a waggy butt.
Look at that waggle! Congratulations!
SO cute!  He's so happy, he doesn't know what to do!
I LOVE HIM!!!! 😍
A literal beanie baby
Best part of my day is coming home to my doggy boy
I want to get a dog but as soon as working from home ends I cant imagine leaving it at home all day :(
Wiggly wiggle
When our dog does this, my husband & I say she’s being “a squiggle bean”
Am I the only one concerned about how clean that puppy pad looks?
I have the same. mine it all crazy crazy, but adorable.
This helps my anxiety so much....
Hey we have those same pads for patients at the hospital!
So much live in their eyes.
How do I download this :(?
/u/vredditshare
That wiggle butt!
Yeah. "I want to pet it!!!!!!
So cute! A ball of fluffy wiggles!
So sweet
As a pet owner, that feeling never goes away either.
this is my favorite part of coming home too! both dogs always jump on me, and my boy wants kisses.
My pet left me today.. He's sleeping now, peacefully..
Nice
Adorable whole body wiggle. Give him/her a kiss from us.
So adorable!!!
It's really a whole new feeling. Adopted our pup 2 years ago and still feel it.
I want a buppy 🥺🥺🥺
What a sweetheart!
I love when a dog's whole butt wiggles because of how much they're wagging their tail! The little bud looks so happy to see you!
It’s the best !
*butt wiggles intensify*
He's so excited, his body shows it.
Oh my ***dog***
That feeling truly never goes away so long as they are with you
I AM NOT OKAY I NEED MORE PRECIOUSNESS
ahhhhhhhhh ooommggggggg
I’m more of a cat person but your dog is perfect
It’s always nice to be welcomed home by one’s dog (or dogs) after a period of time (even if you were out running errands) and nothing but love
There's a reason they call em "man's best friend"... Absolutely true...
When ever I come home my dog has pee on the floor waiting for me.
OH MY GOD HE WIGGLES
That never goes away.  Neither does the lingering pang of guilt when you leave.
He's a good boy!!!!
Animals are special beings and we don't often deserve them. What a beautiful dog, you're both very lucky!
He doesn’t even look real!! Omg so cute!!
The wiggle that gives me life.
This makes me so happy
We have a Spoodle/ cockapoo (I don’t really like the name cockapoo).
They are the best!!
This clip made me happy!!
Brush it before it Matt's bad. But yep pets are awesome. My wife teased me about snuggling our Jag'd terrier cutely last night, I am a nearly 300lb bear looking mechanic. But she finally got a bath the day before so she was snugglable again, she is the stinkiest dog I have ever owned, but not yeasty or any of the smells that are health concerns with dogs.
My heart melts looking at this video:)
He/she lovins you!!! <3
Best thing to come home to if you've had a crappy day. That little face makes it all better. ❤️
wait until he or she shits on the floor
Oh what a delight that is
That’s a good boy
Congrats.  
Will always be happy you came back.
Yeah wait until that cute thing pulls down your curtains and chews up the nice curtain rods like mine did the other day, but it’s all good!
how much.
Can someone tell me when they mean their heart melts? I feel like some cold hearted robot
Always remember, they're part of your life, you ARE their life.
Damn thats a cute fucking doggo
That is one of the cutest dogs I've ever seen!!
How old is it looks at least 3-4 months
He’s like “OOOOOOOOHHHH NELLY! OHHHH BOY OHHHH BOY!”
I've been lucky enough to come home to that for many years now. I look forward to it every single day.
Oh my goodness i ruv him!!!
Auugh pet him already!!
Love it.

My heart is broken
There's just so many wonderful parts to this.. the happy face, the dance, the waggy tail and butt.
Love, love, love
How do you even get out of the house?
That looks like my dog. She looked exactly like that when she was a puppy. Same breed too. Cockapoos are the best. 🥰
What a happy pupper!!! :D
I love how his entire back half is wagging with his tail. What a sweetheart!!
I like how was wagging his tail but staying still. My dog wags his tail and does laps around me, this dog looks super cute doing it like that
It never ever stops.
Such a cute wiggle butt
Doesn’t look like he used the pee pad 😬👀
Aww, it seems his heart melts too:)
Theirs too.
that’s so cute
This is some of the cutest shit I've ever seen. Thank you for sharing !!
This is true love. That dogs owner is the center of attention to that dogs life. No human in history shows love like a dog. When you wake up that dog is as happy as you are if you win the lotto. That dog gets to sleep on the bed next to you? Happy as you winning the lotto. Guess what though? That dog is only happy they get to sleep next to you cause you are there world. Show love and you get it back,and that dog rewards you with love that you only hear about in novels.WHOSE A GOOD DOG!
Wiggle-but is too adorable that I wish I could swoop him up!  You’re lucky to have their ❤️
My dog kept me from going insane. If it wasn't for him I'm not sure I could've handled life at that time. Thanks for sharing OP. It makes me smile.
Dude, I love your dog..
As it should! Adorable
Stumpy floof!
my heart would melt too
Awwwwwwwwwww so much wiggles!
TOO FLUFFYYYYY!!! ITS TOO DAMN CUUUUUUTE
I'll pay for hear the sound of the dog howling
Your so lucky that’s your buddy . Best friend.
I love when dogs shake their whole butt when they wag their tail. So cute.
Oh man and you got a good one
Get used to it. You know what they say. If you lock your dog in the trunk for 7 hours and your wife in the trunk for 7 hours, who will be more happy to see you when you let them out 😊
I never had a dog or cat and I cannot wait to get one, because I need someone to brighten up my life and be my best friend who’d never leave me
How precious! What a good pupper! Looks like he may have held his pee, since puppy pad is clean...straight outside goes the pooch! Mine never used a pad and enjoy a nice time out in the grass.
Awww!  He's adorable!  Congratulations on having your first pet!  They bring so much love into your life.
Can confirm, dogs are the absolute best
Are we blind? Deploy the pats!
So much love waiting for me. Great JOY
Welcome to the fluffy side!!!! You'll never go back lol
Wiggle wiggle
I'm so happy for you both!
HE SO CUTE HE SO HAPPY
Urge to kiss... URGE TO KISS
Friend for life, right there.
Floof
💟 looks like puppers does too...
That is one nice heckin pupper if I’ve ever seen one
Oh my god! That dog is freaking adorable
Don't you just love how the whole body wiggles, not just the tail wagging? That's unconditional love right there!
Awww! So cute! And the baby has a case of wiggle butt! I love wiggle butt 🥰
He's so cute!  He melts my heart too!

I seize this opportunity to remind those redditors who may be working long hours to please consider arranging company for your dogs. Like getting a dog sitter or a neighbour with a dog. 

Dogs can get incredibly sad when alone and spend hours looking out of the window waiting for their owners to return. Some may even develop anxiety symptoms. 

They love you unconditionally, show them you love them the same!
Aww mine just jumps and puts her paws on my chest till I pick her up
Do it agian.
My dog died recently. I miss when he used to do this.
What a sweetie, you are so lucky to have that kind of love.
If you’ve never had a child hood animal, i DONT trust you..
So sweet! Good for you❤️❤️❤️
/u/vredditshare
So very cute!
I love how when small dogs wag their tails, their entire back end wags too! :D
No one in your life will be as happy as your dog when you come home. It's just not possible!
Awwww what breed is this
That is a good wiggle right there
Fucking pet it instead of filming it
[deleted]
This is so adorable!
Oh ny gosh, that is such a cute doggo
One of the few animals that loves you more than they love themselves. Treasures.
Wow! Look at that wiggle butt! That is true unconditional love. How can anyone resist that? You are blessed! 🙏



My cat (10) and dog (16) died and recently I have thought about getting a kitten. 


A friend of mine has a friend whose cat just had 5 kittens and they have picked out a female kitty for me. I'm really really nervous but I think I'm ready to share my heart again with a four-legged fur baby.


Congratulations to you! I am so happy for you!🐶
He looks exactly like what my cockapoo looked like when he was a puppy. Cockapoos are the best dogs.
I'm tired af of these videos with no sound
Adorable
I am literally crying from watching this video 😭
This is what unconditional love looks like.
u/vredditshare
Good news: that heart melting feeling is proven to make to live longer :)
Years from now you will still feel the same.
Love him. He has all the love for him hooman. My dog saved my life.
What kinda pup is this!?! It reminds me of my Cockapoo I had for 16 years that died last year but a shortie!!! I NEED IT!! 😍
How do ever manage to leave!?!? lol
OMG he is sooooooooo cute!!!!
😍😍😍
What type of dog is that?
How can you leave??  Or do you leave just so you can come home and see this?  I’d be coming and going all day just for the wiggles and the joy-filled eyes.  Not to mention the teddy bear nose.
Please tell me his name is “Doug”
Something about your sweet boy reminds me of my baby boy we lost last year, also a cockapoo. I just want to reach through my phone and hug him! Give him all the hugs for me!
Pets are amazing :) They are true family, fuzzy bundles of unconditional love :D
r/petthedamndog
Is that a cockapoo?
My aunt had a dog that looked exactly like this! His name was Rags. :)
Welcome to the doggo life
Wobbly muppet - what breed is this?
