it’s like it’s doing equations in its head to finally come out with the answer, “ OH! Scratch the post, I get it now.”
r/learningtocat
Kitty: "Are you emotionally attached to this scratching device?"   
Human: "No....not really.  It's just a scratching post.  It's for you!"   
Kitty: "Thanks, but I really only want to scratch the shit out of stuff that's important to you."
I thought, "no way that's really gonna work," lol...
Omg that's so fucking cute!
“Am doing right?”
Alright, stop right there criminal! r/illegallysmolcats
Next week, the guy will be  teaching " how to push stuff of tables" 101
[Inside kitty's brain](https://i.imgflip.com/1vnort.jpg)
I did all this with my cat, she used it for a while and then moved on to furniture. No matter what I did, she keeps on doing it. She looks me straight in the eye and runs away and hides when I come and get her.

Cat tax: https://imgur.com/a/VcUkM7B
He has a white toe!!! Makes me miss my Jasper. He had a single white toe as well. 
18 strong years. 

Give him all the scritches.
Scratchy scratch
As cute and adorable as this is, I cannot stress this enough:

Most kittens are taken from their parent cats too early and need to be taught social skills and general "how to be a cat" skills and one of those things is knowing what to scratch, how to scratch (for stretching, marking, etc...) And where to scratch.

Most kittens shouldn't be removed from the parent cats until at least 12 weeks, and ideally 6 months (which is roughly the amount of time when the mama cat starts to get pissy with the kittens being around so much)
This is how I taught my cat too! Super cute!!
Oh my gosh, so cute. I actually went "awww"
maaan mach doch langsamer, Manu!
Jaaaaaa ganz genau
Good, sweet baby.
Ah yes fluffy void cloud
YAAY!!  Kitty gets it!  Good job hooman!😁
You can see the thought process here
They did it!!
Lessons seem to be going well
YAAY!!  Kitty gets it!  Good job hooman!😁
My Nan's cat literally won't use her scratch post until I show her how to use it! She loves the side of the shed though...
WHY IS THIS VIDEO NOT LONGER
Cats are so cute
Smart & cute kitty💕
More interesting than most posts on Reddit.
Meanwhile my adults know damn well how to use one, and there's one right on the end of the arm rest for the couch (in an attempt to get them to stop shredding the couch) and they reach around it to get to the couch
Brings back memories! So sweet!!
Where's the "goodboi" and a treat.
So smart!
Just got a new kitten in my house for few days before my girlfriend pick her up and it took me 1 hour to make her understand what the litter box is for.
smart kitty
Incredible 👏🏻👍🏻
r/catsnamedtoothless
Genau!
Smart kitty!
many cat subs can be made
Aww this is awesome. I had to do the same thing with my full grown adopted cat, he didn’t know he was supposed to scratch the sisal rope posts until I rubbed it with catnip and pretended I do it.
The human background noise was very sensual.
I had to train my cats by picking them up under their arms and gently dragging their paws along the scratching posts. They figure it out pretty quickly and when praised, they'll prefer to scratch there then on other furniture.
What a good baby!

The white toe tip is slaying me with cuteness.
I love this sooooooo much.
Can someone explain to a non cat owner due to allergies why this is a thing? I cant even touch a cat so owning one was never an option. I know cats love them because any time I go to someone's house that owns a cat they have one. Is it simply a toy they enjoy or is there an additional purpose that helps the cats?
I thought this was a livestream and got SO excited
Kitty is like what’s your prob...omg!
Awww
Reminds me of the video I saw recently of a guy teaching a puppy to go down the stairs.
as a cat dad of 6, your couch is next
Lessons? Really? My kitten instantly went to scratching and climbing her post. I rescued her at 2 weeks old, long before she could have been taught anything.
Haha luckily i had an older cat to teach the kitten about this.  12 years later and still cant bury a turd to save her life though.  Just scratches the sides of the litterbox for a bit then buggers off.
Kitty is like wtf does this guy want?  
Oh, scratch post, I already know how to do that, look.
Remember, your kitty's scratching post should be longer and taller than they are fully stretched out! (This one of the many reasons why a lot of cats will chose furniture over the scratching post you bought them.)
 I’ve ever had have scratched our couches - this is why we can’t have nice things!
Omg his tiny head bobbing along watching the guy demonstrate.
like my couches lol
kitten's a genius! well done, tiny cat!
What a cute lil soot sprite!!🖤
It's not even my cat and I'm feeling so proud..

God bless that cute little bundle of joy..
Uhhhh....

TIL how scratching posts work. I thought they were for the cat to scratch themselves on by rubbing their bodies against the rope.

In my defence, I’ve never owned a cat. That’s probably fairly obvious.
Awwww, saw this on YouTube too.

Here’s a link for anyone that wants to watch-https://youtu.be/xaazUgEKuVA
That’s a lot of Pringle’s
Happy Fathers' Day !!!
You could probably crosspost this to /r/unexpected. I was convinced kitty was going to launch a flying attack on the dude's hand. Or his face.
I taught my kitten to use his scratch post when he was a kitten. So far he’s used it once in the two years I’ve had him. 🙄
ARE U TRYING TO GIVE ME A HEART ATTACK BECAUSE YOU SUCCEEDED 😭💕💕💕💕💕💕 my heart can’t take this man come onnnn
"scratching post" translates to "furniture practice machine" in our house.
His head bobbing to the hand is the cutest thing ever
Watch out, sofa 😁
I feel like cats get the same Droid out of using a scratching post that I get from using a q-tip
Please give him or her and atta boy/girl and little pet for us.
will that be on the final?
RIP Sofa
Gooodd kitttyyy
“$6,000 mink coat, eh?  Must be nice to have a mink coat.  A man should make sure that nothing ever happens to that mink coat.”
You dont really have to teach a cat to scratch a post... you can just pick them up, and stick them on anything with fabric and they will stick like velcro.
awwwww so cute
Purrfect
My cat is 9 years old and I STILL have to have this talk with him weekly.
He has white back beans like my nephew cat!!
I wish I could teach my cat to scratch the post but she won’t listen, she’s a brat 😑
The trick is to treat the scratching post like the most important thing on the planet. Like.. "Whoa whoa whoa, you think you're cat enough to scratch this post? Go back to your couch you peasant."
I always had a soft spot for black cats and after finding out they get euthanized more due to the superstition of black cats being bad luck, I made sure I adopted a black cat.
Next thing you know he's gonna scratch his sofa lol
"Good boy"s and scritches aren't just for dogs.
r/IllegallySmolCats
Wait, are we supposed to teach them?
LANGSAMER MANU
He/she is already a natural, impeccable form, nailed the landing
My kitties for some reason have no interest in scratching the posts wrapped in the rope. However if the post is wrapped in carpet they will scratch the carpet down to the wood
Why are my cats sooooo utterly indifferent to any request I make which might impose on their very important scheduled activity.  My two would have flayed me to the bone on the third attempt....

Well done, good person!  Thanks for posting...
It’s fucking cute
Why do cats do this?
Looks like he was going to do it anyway, as soon as his human would stop distracting him.
Awe kitty!
Gonna be so sorry.......taught that little trick lolol
Catnip encourages scratching
I fucking love her
That one little white toe is so cute 😄
I dont have cats and have never been round them; remind me what a scratch post is for, is it to dull their claws?
As a cat owner, I understand.
where's the praise?
In the history of owning cats this has never happened!! I just cannot believe it would have been this simple. 

-(source) multiple couch owner.
this is beautiful
Yeah
Does this kitten have one white toe?!
Use catnip spray on scratchers to encourages kittens of all ages to scratch there instead of on your furniture
soo cuteee
You can also try giving them carpet or cardboard scratchers instead of rope - different kitties have different preferences. Our grumpy old lady refuses to touch rope.
i have jion, xan you jion me
Seriously why is my feed dominated by cat videos
3 am incessant post-scratching initiated
Not interested unless it feels like human flesh
So cute!
I actually got a full black kitten like this one, tried teaching him to scratch the post the same way, but no luck :D He just somehow learnt it himself. Cute cat though
Kitties are trainable... it just takes alot of patience
Yeah never archieved thst with my boys. How can i do this?
Why do Cats Scratch things lmao
Animals are much smarter than we take them for.
I physically grabbed my cats paws and put them on the post. Figured it out right away. She wouldn't scratch furniture after that, but would still scratch the door when she wanted to go out.
[cougar](https://youtu.be/U-2IXAmKLOQ?t=233) edition 

(sadly not ur mom)
Nailed it
So, why do cats need scratching posts? Is it an impulse?
That’s the first and last time he uses scratching post. Say goodbye to the sofa!
awwh
Is that the tiniest tuft of white fur on his back paw
use a laser
I cleaned my phones screen at the beginning of the video thinking the head was a smudge on my screen
God I wish it were that simple...
You've decided the fate of your furniture.
Guten Tag, liebe Katzenfreunde.
Screw this post, give me the box it came in
Alter Manu, jetzt mach doch mal langsamer Mensch.
Aww yeah, upvote this comment if u thohht It was cute!!!
This is exactly what I needed this week. Thank you. Adorable. :)
Just grab their paw and make them scratch it, they get it instantly
Kitto is definitely going to be all the way up there in a week.
What my family always did is every time we saw one scratching anything Else we’d hurry up pick them up and place their paws on the scratching post. They quickly learned to scratch it instead.
likes the texture of that arm better
Thought it was 2 giant stacks of pringles first.
I can’t stop watching this
Nice
so sweet
Excellent foster parenting there!
She’s just like “nah, I’d rather scratch you though...”
Can't wait to see him teach it to use the litter box.
So I’ve never had a cat what exactly are scratching posts for, us it like when you give rabbit the chew things to manage their teeth size?
I’m in love
Hello
Aaaand it works just like that? Nicee.
Cut
My cat Humphrey warms up on the eleventeen scratching posts around here. He brings his A game to the living room sofa or tunnels under the fitted sheet on the bed to get to that sweet sweet not too hard not too soft sort of webbing material that covers the thousand dollar mattress we recently bought. Good kitty!
That kittens all "Oh you mean this?"
I have an epic cat scratching post... still looks brand new. Couch is destroyed though.
This is the second most adorable thing I've seen all day (I met my newborn nephew for the first time today because of lockdown)
Why does almost every post on that sub
r/learningtocat
r/learningtocat
A dog will look at what you are pointing at. A cat will stare at your finger.
Brian Fellows- “That cat is crazy”
Great, now teach is the difference between the post and you're $2k couch.  :(
Please tell me this is the same guy that taught a puppy to use stairs on frontpage yesterday. These "teaching animals" videos are just too cute.
Good kitty!!!
That is so cute and funny
PET THEM
When I try this with my kitten, she just attacks me
r/learningtocat
What a smart kitty.
Love the white-tipped toe ❤️
BOY HE SCRITCHEN NOW
Killa mittens: ”Ah hooman you are smart, this good stuff, who would have guessed it”
aweeeeeee
Good job Manu!
I was unconsciously talking to the kitten ,got excited when it figured it out and suddenly realized I was getting funny looks from the other halfway house inmates.
do cats understand finger pointing?
Those are the best kind of scratching posts, and they are super easy to make.
That is the cutest thing I’ve seen in a long time! ❤️
Aww
way nicer than how i taught my cat how to use a post. (grabbed each front paw, gently squeezed to get their claws out, and drug them down the post myself.) I didn't know any better way...but it seemed to work! (and every time i'd catch em clawing anything, i'd scoop em up, take em to the post and do the same thing.) They still claw stuff every now and then...I should have started it at a younger age before they ever clawed anything... but now I know!
So cute! Baby fuzzy mini-panther learn!
I wish that would work for my new kitten, if I tapped her paw she'd try to bite at it because she thinks my hand is a toy
Mine just scratches the shit out of the recliner. He doesn't care.. the kitty tree I got him? Yh, still sitting there pretty much unused and practically new.
You should know better than point to something with a cat.

They're always going to look at the finger.  And maybe bite it.
Does it feel good for cats to scratch?
What a fast learner!
How dare you laugh at kitty!
„Langsamer Manu“ 😂
Why don’t people just lift your animals paw to show them things lol? Saw some guy teaching the stairs and now this. If you just lift their paw and show them what they should do they will do it
RemindMe! 10 hours
I audibly awwwwwed
I do this to my cat all the time it's weird she either aggressivly scratch's it harder or she stops what she's doing to scratch it
You can see the gears in its head finally starting to click when it finally put it's paw on the post.
you know the gentle squeeze of the paw that pushes out the claws?  i did this to my girl's front foot and ran it lightly against the post.  she looked at me a bit then went INSANE scratching it.  my carpet and furniture were forever safe.
What is the purpose of a scratching post? Thinking if getting a kitten and would genuinely like to know especially if it's meant to save furniture lol
.... .... ... aaanndddd.... SUCCESSS!
And there are people who think animals arent intelligent
That one white toe!
If your kitten isnt already scratching everything it sees, you dont need a scratching post
Ok so always been curious about this. I thought the goal was to get them to stop scratching, so why by them stuff specifically for this?
Cat!
/r/blackcats
What a smart little precious!
And I exploded from seeing that cuteness
He is now over clawified for the job
"I am Groot... I am Groot...

I am Groot!" *points at red button*

Rocket: "were all gonna die..."
Aww that's cute
Ah yes, the training post... gets em ready for the leather couch...sigh...
The goodest kitty, the smartest kitty.
omfg thats insanely cute
I just love how their first instinct was to smack their hand. Cats really are nature’s adorable little jerks.
YAY THEY DID IT
I remember doing this with my cat. Made me so happy when she started doing it all by herself.
Nice
I did this with my cats as well.
Good job!
HE COMPREHENDS OH MY FUCKING GOD
Victory for a very smart kitty!!
r/wholesome
Kitty: “Now you mention it, you make an interesting point”
That's it. I'm getting a black kitten ♥
Why do cats have a scratching post? to not scratch everything else?
I loved the scratching followed by pointing at the paws and then scratching again. I’ve done this with my full grown cats too with every scratching post. Somehow each one seems so new and foreign to them until I demonstrate for them
Das sweet bb
At first he's like yo chill bro wtf you doing
Now show him how to use the litter box :)
It's all fun and games and teaching until you get one of those fibers jammed under your nail.
First glance I thought those were two glorious stacks of Pringles
Adorable!!
Ok, I've never had a cat before.  How do you teach them to scratch only on the scratching post and not on your furniture or drapes?
_*crisp*_
Cats learn much slower, but a kitten picks up on visual tasks very quickly.
"Nah"
such a good teacher. Puuurrfect.
I like the way Japanese whisper.
Pet the cat!!!!! He needs positive reinforcement and he’s just cute. Pet the cat!!!!!
Black cats are my weakness. So cute.
A+ student!
The dad who didn’t want the cat in the first place is putting in the work so the house isn’t torn to shreds
Can you come help train my kids?
These people definitely don't have kids.
If you’re trying to teach a cat to use a scratching post, pointing probably won’t work. They don’t interpret it the same way humans and dogs do, and will just look at your finger (or paw at it). The best way is to gently take their paw and move it up and down like scratching. It also helps if you cover the post in catnip.
Awwww how sweet!!
I spent about $100 to build a kitty hammock where the posts were wrapped in twine to be used as a scratching post for my girlfriends cat because I was too stubborn to just buy one. The little fucker has scratched it twice and decided that’s good enough.
So cute and smart!
i thought those were legs at first
That does put a smile on my face.
Is it me or does that scratching post have the silhouette of a persons legs? This may make the cat decide to scratch peoples legs sometimes.
Good little chicken noodle baby!
no i scratch you
Now I have to go nuzzle my 7 y/o black kitty like a kitten, worth the potential paw thwack.
I absolutely adore the videos of pet owners teaching their pets how to be a cat or dog. I feel like we don't give animals enough credit..
He did so well, I’m proud of him
And so shredding of the family furniture begins.
Aww so cute!
That little white toe is the cutest!
This is very cute and awesome!!
I tried this for a stranger. :))) ♥️
"This, hooman, is how it's done!"
Human: *hand gestures*
Cat: What is this hooman tryna tell me? Imma show him how it’s done!
Seems like an unnecessarily long (albeit very cute) way to do this... What i did with mine was to bring him to the post, take one of his paws, lightly press on his lil cat pillows to get his claws out and hung it on the post and he got the gist of it immediately.
Hehe that was so much cute.
Awww hims learned
Love it.  Man points to little paw, kitten gets it.
"langsamer marlon" she said
Good kitty
I spent so much time doing this with my kitty.  she just didnt like the rope.  but she would scratch the shit out of these cloth drawers I have.  so I took some that she already tore up and zip tied them to the scratch post.  problem solved, new problem created.  she shredded them to ribbons pretty quickly.  so I found some at the dollar store, she regularly shreds them getting debris all over my floor.  last week I cut the legs off some worn out jeans and zip tied them to the post.  hope they last much longer.
Can confirm, reviewed the post history.
Rope: feeling tiny explosions of adorable pain
Amazing! My new kitten still won’t come out voluntarily when we go in the room....
Not a 'monkey see monkey do' moment i see. lol. 

way cute tho.
Haha we still do this with our 3 year old cat who prefers to scratch on our carpet over the numerous scratch toys we've placed throughout the house.
What a good student. A+
RIP your couch and other furniture.
Thanks hooman, now please direct me to your most expensive piece of upholstered furniture
"Jaaa ganz genau"
Might just be the cutest thing I’ve ever seen
do they need that for something?
After the lesson put a bit of saliva or water on your finger, then caress the top of his head like a mother would lick him : that reinforce the lesson by giving a positive outcome.
I always see these videos and get reminded of how dumb my cat is. If i try to teach her something this way, she’ll just bite my finger and walk off. Nevertheless, what she lacks in intelligence she makes up for in cuteness
Don't mind. The kitty will find other scratching points as well..... Your sofa, your chairs.....
Awww! Easiest way to help your kitty understand is to gently rub their paws onto the surface. It will spread their scent on the pole and will make your kitty go back to it in the future. Also works for the litter box.
It already knew how to do that
Hey, not bad, I gotta try the furniture.
Sorry can't watch, too many pixels...
mmm yeah thats the good shit.
Victory music starts playing
Oh what a clever kitty
Oh My God! this looks like my cat named midnight
Cutest thing today!!!
But i want to scratch u human
Your kitten is soooooo cute!
The way they talk is...disturbing.
If I could figure out how to post a pic of her I would.
YAAY!!  Kitty gets it!  Good job hooman!😁
Cute
First day of school huachachachacha
I wish we recorded when I taught my kitten how to use the scratch post. She initially thought it was something to pounce on.
Aww!  Give that kitty a treat!!
Langsamer mann
no daddy I'd rather used your leg or back for that lol
It's so cuuuute
aww
That’s a goood kitty!
Had to punch a wall to feel manly again 😤
Omg that is sooo adorable 😻❤
Why isn't anyone commenting on the one white toe? 😍
