I put it side by side for easy comparison https://i.imgur.com/Kw21IjT.jpg
What talent. I just saw the original last night only to wake up to this. Awesome job!
Hey all!  [here is a link to the original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/ehb706/ever_since_my_niece_saw_toy_story_she_shouts_im/) - hope you like her!  Please remember that she's painted for fun and love of an adorable pic ;)

Also if you’d like to see more I’m @willowandroxas on insta ☺️

Edit:  Hijacking to just give a personal little note - a couple of years ago I was almost ready to give up on my art dreams - drowning in student debt with just a little Etsy shop selling a couple of paintings a month and working at Starbucks.  The kind people of reddit are what changed my life and gave me the ability to go full time as an artist.  I am SO happy to be able to brighten everyone's day by giving back with a little piece of art since you all made my dreams come true as well!  Always look for ways to support dreamers, artists, and creators!  We do actual happy dances every time you support/follow us because you are making our dreams come true!
I love this, you're a great human!
/u/finestjun
You really captured the magic! Beautiful work
This is magic.
This should definitely be hung up on their wall! It's something she will treasure forever :)
300/10 I love that you put the toys in your painting.
Absolutely stunning, what a painting!! And in such short time haha
You got a friend in me.
[deleted]
Wow, I don't think I had ever seen that many awards
Incredible, nice work! Now get some rest!
Paging u/finestjun to see their niece.
It's amazing! Thanks for sharing :)
Nice touch with woody!
Well made. I just saw your prior post on reddit and clicked your profile name to check if you had done it by now (7 hrs later). Lo and behold, one minute ago, appear you posted it. Talk about timing :)
This is so heartwarming! Really makes me feel happy 💚💚
[deleted]
I love it, your painting is beautiful
*How to get upvotes*
Step 1. Be artistic
I love the changes you made with the toys.
Prepare op, the upvotes and awards are coming
You're ridiculously talented. I'm very impressed.
Wow! You deserve all those reddit badges and more. You are awesome.
holy shit thats a lot of awards
This is just amazing!
I wasn't expecting this level of wholesome on a Monday morning....
It looks fantastic!

Original: https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/ehb706/ever_since_my_niece_saw_toy_story_she_shouts_im/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
[deleted]
Wow this look so cute and very good
Wow! amazing. This makes me so happy!
You kilt it.
Even cuter than the original!! Way to go!!
Spectacular human beings...all around
How adorable
Great job.
Yooo that's so great
This is beautiful
Your a very talented artist
Spectacular.
Awesome!!
Here before 100k upvotes
This is beautiful! It's really cool that you did this so quickly
This is beautiful.
wow that looks amazing! :O I love it
I remember reading the original thread when someone summoned you to paint this. This is phenomenal, an you have a talent/skill
Perfect
You angel. This is incredible
That was a really wholesome post and you captured it perfectly. Amazing work!
Wow, fantastic job!
Oh beautiful
This is amazing. Reminds me of drawings from Enid Blyton's short story books. They were my favourite.
This is so awesome, I'm sure this little girl is going to love this!
This takes a special kind of talent, incredible job!
Incredible! So wholesome OP ♥️
It so beautiful, I’m sure she will grow up with and cherish this image always.
I’m willing to print this out and frame it and send it to  the OP of the picture. This honestly would be a nice gift to look back on, especially for the girl.
Aw my days! This is so lovely! I was browsing last night and the OP was cute enough to get me to grab the missus and show her. Now to see it followed up, so great. Your gesture does not go unnoticed. Walk with that chin held high today, the Reddit community just had a group hug thanks to ya.
This made me smile! You are very talented!
When I saw the original and showed my younger sister, she immediately said it would make a perfect painting. I can't wait to show her this! You've done a wonderful job. Thank you for sharing ☺️
I love it! That photo made my night at 3am lol. I was like an insomniac and the photo was so heart warming you would have thought it was staged.

I hope her parent shows her this so she can grow up with such a unique memory!
This is fantastic! Nicely done mate!
This is amazing, it really reminds me of the drawings in old children books.
This is so cool!
Are you selling it?!!
This instantly reminded me of the old redditor who would spontaneously draw sketches of things. I miss this guy. Great drawing too btw!
This is absolutely beautiful.
Why is Xi dressed up like a bumblebee?


BumbleXi
Wish I could paint so I could get 60k likes and 100 awards
You did an amazing job. Truly talented! I am so happy I got to see the original post and then this. I love how you made the toys alive!!
Whoever you're,  you're f'kin beautiful and awesome
Like out of a children‘s book: wonderful work!
JESUS THATS ALOT OF AWARDS!









Btw good job
[deleted]
Now this is a post which deserves to be at the top of r/aww. Such a great recreation
u/finestjun In case you haven't seen this yet!
Reddit rich and famous in 5 hours
how

many

awards.


I mean, I understand, but


h o l y  f u c k
this is absolutely beautiful! i can't give gold, but heres a ❤❤
ABSOLUTELY WHOLESOME! I saw this picture the other day on my feed....just so happened to catch this as well. Thank you guys. This is truly heartwarming.
Awesome 😇
You're amazing!
Left a follow on Insta. Thank you for the magical moment!
Jesus christ thats a lot of upvotes and awards
You awesome mother fucker
I mean I love it and all, but why would you add the Chinese president as one of the toys?
That’s wonderful, Reddit is sound only just found it
I wish there was so way to donate to this guy instead of giving valueless reddit coins that only profits billionaires and Chinese share in reddit. 

GUYS DON'T GIVE GOLD. Instead try to buy some of this guy's work.
163 awards wtf lol
I saw the photo of this yesterday. 

This is so fucking amazing. 

Good on you. 

The world needs more of this.
I’ve never seen this many awards on one post, I don’t even know what most of those are
It is so sweet that you did this.
You are very talented.
My childhood spirit just washed over me. I haven't seen her in a long time. Thank you!
Omg you did the dress and the feet so perfectly! Envious, cant wait till I git  that gud.
Such detailed work, innocence captured so beautifully and with this turn around time time ... You're a genius... Can't wait to send a request for commission !!! Also you've gained a new follower on your Instagram too !
Why the f does this post have so many awards?
ONE. HUNRDRED. AND. EIGHTY FOUR FREAKIN AWARDS OH MY GOD
So what did you do this in? Kinda looks like watercolor mixed with pastel.
[deleted]
[deleted]
You did not disappoint!
Who asked you?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Aww, you're our favourite deputy.
Will you happen to make prints for sale?
Absolutely beautiful! I definitely did this as a child. Meeeeemoriiiies
Thank you for the many hours you’ve dedicated to your craft.
This is the real mvp of the decade
Amazing! Can you show the process from the initial sketch you posted to this?
awww it’s so cute
8 award in 30 minutes
What an amazing story this developed into haha. From seeing the original photo to getting this amazing painting was really awesome to see! Reminds me of how much life and personality I’d give to all my toys when I was a kid.
Such a lovely moment captured! Thanks for making us all smile OP!
This is frigging adorable.
10/10
This is just the sweetest thing! I hope this ends up in their home ☺️
This is so cute!
You should illustrate a children’s book
When I went to bed there was a sketch. Now I’m awake and there is art. Well done OP!
Very nice ❤❤❤❤❤
This is the Wholesome content I needed on a Monday morning.
Omg i love it so much, greaaat job.
Dude.
[deleted]
That’s so great! Amazing talent
Thank you!!!
Frame and ship it to the little girl haha
Super cute!!! 😻
Fantastic work! Definitely the work of a master illustrator.
That's darling!
r/imsorryjon we need an “I’m sorry Andy” toy story.
Give it to the person who posted it
redwholesomedit
I really wish she can she this and have a big smile on her face. Good work op
Just wonderful
Well done to you 👍😁
Future top post of all time.
thats fucking cool man
man the detail on the girl's right foot is spot on
Really nice :)
I really admire these people with such talent and skill
That's super cute
Your brought more life to a live picture! Freaking awesome!!!
Amazing job!
This is the heartwarming shit that gets me through Monday’s
This is so amazing OP. Not just because it's a fabulous piece of artwork, but because you spent your own time to create something you never intended to in order to make a lot of other people you'll never meet happy. 

You are a good person.
You are breathtaking
Can you make one of my schizophrenic grandma doing the same thing?
This is absolutely lovely!
#*Nice!*
Fantastic work!
so i have this picture of me in college eating half a can of pringles drunk... could you do this to it ? ill pay whatever you want for commission
We don’t deserve you! 😭
This is iconic af
Oh my god! That is so cute!
Wow!! This is fantastic! I’m now a new fan/follower on all the platforms

You got a fan in me....for infinity and beyond!
This is the cutest thing I’ve ever seen!
This is amazing and it was so awesome of you to do.
Wow I love watching stuff like this unfold on Reddit from beginning to end. You are the best. So cute!!!!
This really is adorable.  I saw the picture yesterday and you nailed it Bro.  You're a great person and did this really fast!
You deserve every bit of recognition for this. Fabulous work.
Great job!
What is a ko fi?
Oh dang, I saw your reply that said "I think by time I finish painting it, Reddit won't care". You proved yourself very wrong mate, congrats.
This is amazing
This was so nice of you. This family is going to appreciate this for a long time.
IT'S AMAZING 😍😍😍
I love this. Thank you.
bruh this is so cute, it really encapsulates childhood joy
Not a shitty watercolour, well done.
You capture the emotion so well
This is incredible you are very skilled, congrats. I wish I could draw lol
amazing work, great job
u/finestjun I think your niece will be delighted by this :)
The toys coming to life was a beautiful touch. It's almost like we're seeing through her imagination.
I wish I knew more wholesome people like you, op.
Sounds like a great idea but I do not have Instagram.
Thank you for your talent.
Incredible - you captured the essence of the picture so well!
This is incredible! Great job op!
God bless you and your incredible talent! 💓
Childhood summed up in one adorable picture :) <3
This is really great! Do you do this professionally? Your style looks absolutely ideal for story books.
I love this , it's perfect! Why didn't you watermark it though?
I love Winnie the Bee!
This is amazing!
All I see in this is Andrew Yang.
Nicely done OP! nicely Done!
This is amazing!! Looks like the Enid Blyton stories my mother read to me when I was a little boy :')
So sweet. Amazing work ☺️
They say; “Do what you love and you never work a day in your life.” It looks like you are doing just that. You’re an amazing artist! Keep doing what you love ❤️
Posted by u/IAmAGoodPersonn but I had to scroll too far down to find.  Hope this helps us peepers at the top - https://i.imgur.com/DyKBil1.jpg
Awesome! Both painting and you.
This is some high quality gourmet content.
We will watch your career with great interest!
That's amazing
How many upvotes has a post when the only thing I can see is a dot?
Childhood complete
Amazeballs!!!
I saw the original picture yesterday and it was so precious.  This is absolutely perfect.  You did an amazing job OP!
can someone paint the guy that painted the girl
Wow, so beautiful and good skill.
Wow great painting OP
You're an amazing artist! And an even more amazing human!
Captured this perfectly and adding the toys is such a nice touch.
These two reddit posts are now my favorite I have ever seen on here.
im having trouble figuring out y isn't buzzlightyear  not in a pic

but anyway its the artist imagination im no one to judge it

&#x200B;

and its spectacular piece of art
This made me cry. I was born in 1999 and my favourite movie since always is toy story, I would always think my toys were like toy story ones haha. That's so cute 💙
I don't know how to give awards and stuff,but i appreciate it,thank you kind sir/ma'am
500th comment!
You are one talented bastard!
This is gorgeous
I saw you mentioned in the original thread and was waiting for this! Thank you for the amazing work!
this was good
Best post of the year.  I needed this today.  Great work, and thank you for sharing!
[deleted]
this is the way
This dope!
It's perfect. I saw the post and thought it was soooo cute. This painting is great!
This is amazing. Such a beautiful way to end the year.
Cheers and happy holiday!
Dude this is amazing!!
Legit thought it was the real thing and thought I forgot to upvote
Amazing OP
This could be part of a children's book
I love this
AWWWWwwwwww this is so adorable you are amazing
No Barbie ?!?
You legend! This is so great :D
Dude this is awesome! Hope you send the original to the original OP so he can frame it.
Awesome
Take all my coins. This is fantastic.
I set a reminder for 2 weeks. Didn’t realize it would only take 2 hours. That’s incredible
When I was young and got put in a bath my Mother used to turn the fire on then put my toys round it, when I got out the bath I fully believed the toys were alive and liked the heat. I was well into my 20s before I realised my Mother was moving them.
That is the sweetest thing!
I remember reading through the comments of the other post and thinking how rude Reddit can be. Comment after comment demanding you paint it up just “for internet points.” I’m impressed with your speed and skill!!
69 awards...I'm sorry but I can't give you any more
This is absolutely amazing. Just the thought alone
Wow, that was really nice of you. I recognized this picture immediately from yesterday. The parents will be thrilled.
Incredible!
This is so sweet! You have a lot of talent.
This makes my heart so happy ♥️
This is rad
People like you make this world still worth living
Thank you, this is the kind of thing we need right now. 💞
I love you gave each of the toys in the photo something to do! So sweet.
I love this so much! Awesome job!
Incredible job!
tired of scrolling so i'm just gonna ask : what's the medium ? I love the colour's vibe
it’s AWESOME DUDE!
Really  sweet! Perfect!👍👍👍👍
My heart grew two sizes. :'c
Wow beautiful art!
[deleted]
Wow
I was waiting for this!
Sub and leve a likehttps://youtu.be/qnMwItOiTqE
This is just wonderful and wholesome! Love it!
This is breathtaking
Nice.
This is so special. So kind of you
I would have given any reward if I had coins but I have zero. So I will give you emojis, 😀😄😁🙂😇
This is why I’m on reddit. Love it!!!
Omg I want to paint her too now! 😫❤
The inclusion of her toys in the room is such a good touch =D
Y E S Thank you!
Magical!
This is amazing work and so kind of you to do.  My heart is bursting just thinking about how much this will mean to that parent.  And that you did it for no other reason than to do something nice for a stranger gives me such hope for humanity.  You are a good human.
Omg 😍. Your so awesome !!! I share it like crazy, cause you need to earn credits
This is beautiful, I can't believe you managed to do this so quickly!
This is amazing, I remember you showing your progress and I didn’t think you would get it done so quickly. There was definitely something picturesque about the original and you nailed it. 

Bravo!
This is darling. I used to do this as a little girl. You captured it perfectly!
Thanks!!!
Wow! That’s really accurate!
Damn i saw the request yesterday and now here we are
Amazing! How you you just pull this office in one night? Very talented!!
I love Reddit sometimes
What a nice thing to do.
Besides the thickness of the lines this looks a lot like a Carl Larsson painting.
Boi this better be a million bucks
This is just pure magic
Wow! Spectacular. The OP's photograph deserves a photography award and the painting that you have created is beautifully rendered.
Yes!!! It's perfect.
Super cool. Well done!
This was really great for you to do
Great work. Thx
@ willowandroxas   is the instagram of the great artist we've got here Reddit, absolutely pure talent!
Stunning work! Such a kind gesture.
I will pay in Bitcoin to see the little girl's reaction to this painting!
YOU ARE AWESOME!
The nicest people  i have encountered ever . Its almost like an episoid of glee.
Holy shit mate that’s stunning work!
How can I order this panting?
🅞🅚
Look at all those awards!  You are loved!
This is beautiful, I'd love a print of this for my kids' playroom.
Well, it's okay. I thought just the toys were going to be painted into a photo but this is everything is a painting. Overachiever
I saw the original yesterday and now this - what a precious picture and story behind it and what a refreshing and sweet interaction! Sometimes the internet is okay, fam.
This is so beautiful!
That looks so good
/r/MadeMeSmile
This makes my heart so happy. I used to do this as a child.
Just adorable!!!
This is so beautiful. Help whomever took original photo make prints so both of you can earn something out of it. Lots of people would love this as a large print.
Legend.
Omg! I freaking love it!!
I’m fairly new to Reddit but this community is already amazing, so much talent all around. Very amazing piece of work, literally heartwarming
Now make one of her walking away and the toys looking around the corner.
Such talent.
💕💕💕💕💕
Hi, not sure if you are stilling reading comments but is this digital or traditional medium?
Amazing!!!
Beautiful interpretation cuts right through the jadedness of adulthood.
Cute, excellent quality, it fully transmits the idea and also what that girl would feel.

I'm no art critic, but I did feel the need to take my time to congratulate you for such a nice piece.
This is the most adorable thing
Looks like someone needs some likes
Reddit is so effing great because of things like this
I’ve commissioned OP before through their Etsy, highly recommended!
Nice turn around time.
Omgggggg!!! I love it!
Great job, love it!
This whole thing is too cute. That pic, this pic. Just, thanks!!
Niceeeeee
Beautiful!  I just followed you on insta!!
That’s really cool.  And I just saw this photo last night
Oh fuck off with your amazing talent!
This is so wonderful!
Who invited Xi?
It’s a beautiful piece 😍
Thank you for brightening up my evening, OP.
[deleted]
[Everyone liked that]
Reddit is awesome
This. Is. Awesome. Awesomeness. Awesomenest. Awesomenestest!
Awwwwww..... I think my fuckin ovaries exploded... And I'm a man....
Holy crap that was fast! Looks amazing!
WHAT !
Awesome dude! Max Kudosss!
I love you, this is awesome!
So glad I got to see this after seeing the original post yesterday!!! Great job OP!
Ok, so this guy has all these awards now, does he have to work another day in his life??
Followed OP after seeing them get tagged...so happy you did this!
I don't think I've ever seen this much awards on a post before, great job!
This is the most awards I've ever seen on a post
Beautiful and amazingly fast after yesterday'd thread... I thought it would take longer and didn't expect it to be this awesome piece of art. Mad respect
This is beyond wonderful, I hope her parents are aware, this is an awesome gift for them to have and cherish.
Is, is that a Poobee?
Awesome...  I saw that picture of the kid...  Thats so sweet 😍😍
My faith is restored in Reddit
Reddit is super awesome sometimes
Beautiful! I love your shading!
Very beautiful :)
That's beautiful, amazing work!!
Love the Pooh
You got 10,250 coins from this post. Nice.
Your an amazing human being.
That is beautiful! Thank you so much for sharing! Please go get some rest lol
This is adorable!
the toys still dont move
would be awesome to see her reaction to this pic
I hope the original poster of the photo has seen this 🥺
Damn that was quick. Nice one mate.
Rad.
Who remembers them wooden mannequins as being called a "quivering bloke" from a TV show? 😂

Awesome painting btw!
This is beautiful :)
This is just amazing! Really beautiful
I saw the original picture and thought it was so cute. But your painting really brings it to life and is amazing!
Wow, very talented and I would guess a very good hearted person. giving your time and talent, sure the little girl will be super stoked
wow. Just wow.
What a talent! This is amazing.
You're a dedicated and talented artists. Thanks for your time
Awww!  I hope she has this!  What a wonderful way to cherish a childhood memory!
r/mostgilded
I love the family Reddit
Yes
You didn't have to stay up, you could've just done it the next morning.
HAHA.  This is awesome.  Saw the original photo couple of days ago and the exposure this pic has gotten is great.
Good piece. Nice job.
Amazing.
This is pure, wholesome and drawn with excellence 😊
Very cool
I don't know why this makes me so happy...you have a wonderful talent and I just love so much that you did this (and so quickly! ). You are my favorite internet person today!
Winnie the Pooh is conquering her room.
People are amazing
Nicely done.. also you earned a lot of coins and badges a girl scout would definitely envy you.
 Now we need a photo of someone's mom *looking* at the painting, and we'll be off...
Wow..
Aren't you the artist on TrollX?
I love reddit
I swear Pixar is gonna make a move based on this image
Wholesome
Wow so good! You a great! Thanx on behalf of Reddit
I was thinking of doing something ver similar but in Photoshop. I think I like this more though.
This is amazing
Umm, you’re amazing. It’s gorgeous!!
Exceeded the expectations I had after seeing the thread yesterday. I knew we'd probably get a painting, but I did not expect for it to capture the emotion and sentiments of the photo so perfectly. Well done, OP. Truly.
I never knew they started making president Xi Jinping toys
Yes, and I see that you do commissions. I would love to know more about that.
HOLY S\*\*T that is actually amazing! I just saw the original this morning and now this??? I have no words, seriously. Just incredible! Well done!
This made my heart smile, thank you.
Excellent work.  Reddit:  Please don't cheapen this with a string of meta-painting posts.  This is perfect on its own.
You know, at some point in the future you might be able to have toys that can just walk around on their own and climb stuff and things like that. This could be a reality someday.

You'd have to keep them charged though.
This is gorgeous! Amazing work op!
Amazing! Also wise decision to rush it overnight. The internet is impatient and we appreciate you haha
This is brilliant
Aww this warmed my heart! Ty!
Omg you did a beautiful job! I love that little girl
Adorable. Have an upvote
This is awesome. Thanks for sharing.
Just followed your Instagram 📷
I didnt ask you to do any such thing
You're heroic!
Little car be like :  
  
DEJA VU ,IVE BEEN IN THIS PLACE BEFORE
I love how you made the toys walking around
You are so awesome!! What a fantastic painting!!
Gahhh, it's perfect in every way!!
Great painting. You add more life to the life in the photo. I love the Internet for stuff like this.
Well done!
It's just perfect!!!! Loved this sweet photo and now it's a gorgeous drawing!
She’s a skitzo
This is awesome
I was looking through your account to try and find when you were asked (and hopefully the original image) and I found out just how many comments your responding to. I have no idea how you have the time!! Mad respect
This is great, really great, but I can't help but feel like it needs more Chucky...
I remember seeing this last night in progress
...and sometimes the internet is this amazing, wholesome thing. This is so damn cute!
This post has more awards than I have ever seen awarded before.
❤️❤️❤️❤️
That is fucking cool, OP. Love it! :D
You earned every upvotes for staying up that night just to show us your work 😄👍
that's a tonne of awards youve gotten, lve never seen so much in my time in reddit!
I love reddit sometimes
Awwwwwwwww!!!
I have no words. I saw the original post, and this is excellent!!! :D
Now that's a lot of awards.
I had one of those Pooh dressed like a bumblebee plushes
This is why I love Reddit so fucken wholesome
Too cute! You did an amazing job.
Well done!!
So much karma
Aww.
Don't tell Andy!
That is just amazing! You are so talented! I love your addition of Woody and the other toys!
Oh my god, you just melted my heart with this sweet painting! Thank you for brighten my day, this is awesome! 

The technique is wonderful also,- it looks so much like real water color... it's not done at the PC, right at all, right? I really miss seeing art (such as cartoons, paintings and comics) painted that way! It's so rare these days apparently!
Yes!
So amazing to the point that I am not entirely surprised that you got a shitload of awards. Keep creating!
Nice panting! Hope that girl will see this😺
This is so adorable. I also just walked into Disney World for vacation. Makes me so happy seeing this!
This entire thread might be the cutest thing I have ever seen on Reddit.
winnie the pooh came to life alright
So cute!! Also soooo many awards haha!
That’s a lifetime of reddit premium lol
this is soooo cute
Okay wow this is too sweet 😭
Amazing!
Woody looks like the guy in the flap slap meme
What the... you’re rich now
This made me tear up a little. It’s too cute! You’re doing the work of a god.
You’re one of my favorite artists and I’m so glad you’re getting all this well deserved attention. Also this painting is incredible!
I'm glad we use the Internet for such wholesome things
Exactly what I had in mind. Not only was a sweet photo but you are a great artist also. Bravo!
Wow! What a amazing job! Very talented!
Can I commission you for a family portrait? You do amazing work!
Aw this is sooo lovely! Like a page from a children's book!
I love reddit
Awwwwwww
You fucking beautiful human being!!! I just saw the photo yesterday!! You are amazing!!! I hope the universe blesses you<3
I thought about this and then you do it! Fantastic.
Wow that was fast.
Omg love this
I noticed a trend and so I searched for the phrase "Hey everyone" in this subreddit. The massive results were pretty funny, and made me wonder if that's like the secret handshake greeting for /r/aww.
Careful, OP is a hero.
This is so lovely! You made my day!
Dang buddy
Is everyone on reddit a fucking artist? Jesus christ
What a delightful recreation of an adorable photo! I hope she sees it!
Nice job!
Never auction it.
Nice work!
This is incredible! So nice of you to do!
[deleted]
How many rewards?
Yes
Sir or madam. You're a king/queen amongst men/women/common folks.
This is absolutely beautiful and if I were this little girl's mom and saw this I'd probably be bawling and treasure it forever. There's something really special about watercolors that gets me. I think it kinda reminds me of the artwork in the book Love You Forever. I loved that book as a kid and as an adult it makes me cry.
Indeed. “Excuse me, is this just common slander?
You've an incredible gift. Thank you for letting me experience a little bit of it by appreciating your artwork.
why so many awarsds?
Congratulations on your 2+ years of reddit premium.
never seen so many awards for the single post. !!
24 gold...wow!!
Jesus the awards
Beautiful! I saw the photo yesterday and really hoped this would happen. I hope that little girl gets a copy of this she can keep forever to remember her childhood innocence
Very cute painting. Maybe it's just me though but if Toy Story came out when I was a kid I'd be checking like that in horror rather then wonder. I did not like the whole moving dolls thing.
Nice art! 
Isn't this technically not a painting, though?
Beautiful and magical!~~~ Totally following you on your IG account! :)
It sucks
Oh my gosh you did it!!! It’s beautiful!!
Off topic, but I have a Cabbage's and Kings tattoo! Never see that anywhere! Awesome work btw!
Omg, I checked out some of your other work and I absolutely LOVE your style.
Love the colors!! What colors did you use??
Sometimes I like the internet
Anime vertion plz
It's such a cute picture. Innocence at its most innocent
r/wimmelbilder
Very cute. I wish toys actually came to life, would be so much fun lol!
You’re breathtaking!
Love it!!!!
163 awards, geeezzz that's something! congrats
This is so sweet
metal gear!?
This is amazing / adorable
What's it like being a hero? Do you have a cape? Do you really wear it our just use it for a picket blanket?
good job dude! you're going places :) cheers!
This is amazing and should be put in a museum!!
This is incredible. I showed this to my 4 year old and she loved it. This is a treasure!
Reddit you beautiful community you.
Props, that is amazing! And thank you!
oh my gosh! It's so cute! Wonderful work op
This might’ve already been answered, but I was really hoping this would get made & I’d like to know where I can send a donation
i was here
I think this guy just got gargantuan amount of Karma from just this one post
One girl made whole reddit to protect her
The Original Reddit post is so damn cute.

This painting is amazing
Hero
Took my breath away. I’ve been here a long time. This is the first time I felt like that about anything I saw
The world needs more wholesome things like this. Thank you <3
well that's cute as a button
Love it
[ Everyone liked that ]
I dont think I've ever seen that many awards
Ty for doing this
They played together in the NT though
I love this so much and I know the mother will too!!
That's the most rewards i've seen on a post. Looks so cute!
So dope! 😄
Woah. This is crazy.
That is awesome!
Holy shit that's the most upvotes and awards I've ever seen
Amazing
wow, it looks awesome.
Awww. This is amazing.
I can feel the Jojo reference somewhere
The amount of awards you have been given shocks me. Never seen redditors be so given.
This is really great.
Wow! This is impressive. The best art I have seen today. Love it 😍
banned in China
Ive been invested in this since i saw the ksetch for it and again, Wow!! it looks absolutely amazing
this is awesome.  between you and /u/Shitty_Watercolour , reddit is a great source of watercolor art.
This will be my first Reddit post. (Hi everyone) I just wanted to show my support for how amazing you are. This is really well done and thank you for brightening my day! :)
Amazing talent!!
Fantastic!
I saw the OP yesterday and was hoping this would happen!
Nice one
You are an amazing artist and this is a beautiful painting
Reddit I love you xx
*baned in China*
If you title that, "I'm leaving!" and make prints, count me in.
Unbelievable! You are such an artist!! This is SPECTACULAR
[deleted]
The way you incorporated all the toys from the original photo, and added Woody, is so god damn genius and perfect and awesome. I got chills, honestly.
Wow Nice!! Love it
Beautiful work!
This is one of the reasons why I love Reddit.
Very well done!
This is so wonderful. Your so talented melts my ♥
Low-key, this drawing is amazing
Happy holidays everyone
That’s incredible!
that's more awards than i will ever get in my life and reddit.😥
*everybody liked that*
9 months and 38 weeks of reddit premium. Guess i gotta get good at art
When I was young, I would talk loudly before entering my room so my toys knew to get back into place.
This really put a smile on my face !
Other interesting thing about this post is the no. awards it got.
Wow. Looks amazing and incredible!
Holy shit that's a lot of awards and upvotes. All in just 20 hours. In awe.
waooo amazong
Heh, neat
What an amazing job you did ‼️ It feels as if I stepped into the picture myself, and actually witnessed my own favorite toys frolicking in my childhood bedroom❣️ Have you thought about showing your work to Pixar?
Заебись, талантище!
Omg I love it
This is so good!!
Amazing!
You've got a friend in me.
You've helped make reddit the special place I love to visit.
Man this is so adorable
Lol the title makes it seem like the admins went straight to you with this as some crazy mission for you. Like the world desperately needs a painting of a little girl lol
Thanks for including the posing doll. I always imagine my one coming to life, ive had him since I was a kid and I named him dřevěný
Aww, you're our favourite deputy.
Really Nice Painting. Absolutely wonderful. 😀
Really Nice Painting.
  Ccc v d
Who ever did this is a good person
This is so amazing
Id buy that childrens book
This is amazing
198 awards
I just saw this today & this is my favourite Reddit post ever
Premium content 👌
THIS IS AMAZING AWWWW
I know the original photo
This is so special.  Beautiful!
Reddit is amazing. I saw the original post, saw the potential for greatness, scrolled a bit and there it is, greatness!
Wow
Wow!!!!!!!! ❤️❤️❤️👍🏾👍🏾
This is almost out of an Enid Blyton book.. Possibly **magic in the playroom**
It’s a repost done right.
u/finestjun
aww that’s so cutee
This really cool, hold on❤️
Omg!! When I saw the actual picture I was thinking someone should do a painting of it and call it "Im Leaving Now"...
Beautiful
You’re good.

Like... really REALLY good.
Oh the fake WhOleSoMeness of reddit makes me sick
What's so r/aww about this?
That's an amazing piece for 7 hours work!  Just beautiful!
This is great. This is a heartwarming story
You really captured the magic! Great job!
That was quick, did you keep any Easter eggs we should look for ?
You really nailed the detail on the toys. Great job!
Very nice work that painting looks really good you're a really skilled artist.
[removed]
This is an example of Reddit at its finest. Beautiful job.
Adorable!
You are an awesome human being!!
This is absolutely amazing! You have an incredible talent!!! You should be very proud of yourself 🙂
I love the imagination at work here, so great!
I love this so much. The innocence and imagination of childhood. There is nothing like it.
This is amazing!!!
Get this artistic king some cabbages, NOW! 

(and some sleep lol)
This is amazing, well done!!
this is amazing!! you’re so talented :)
Making her dreams come to life.  Its fantastic!
Amazing creativity! Great work!
Beautiful work OP. Thank you for sharing something so great.
How magical! Well done.
This is a lively rendition. You captured her tentative hopefulness in her tippy toes, good job buddy!
Okay but the original and now this picture have been at the top of my Reddit for a full day now. Downvote.
That’s really nice 👍 nice work
Thank you for staying up late!
I saw the first post just before this one. You did such a good job! Keep up the good work!
Wow. I just scrolled past the rough sketch you did before this. You’re quite talented.
Fantastic work :) also, I feel like a live moving wooden mannequin would be terrifying haha
It's so strange seeing Xi of China amongst the other toys. Strange, yet somehow still fitting. 

Nice painting
Absolutely amazing! The world needs more of all of this. Also your artwork is beautiful!
You’re a great artist!
That's really fucking cute
It's amazing what people can do when they're engrossed in what they're doing. People may say you didn't need to rush it, but I have a feeling you took all the time you needed. Great painting OP!
This is stunning! In record time too! Amazing work as always
This is incredible.
Omg 7 awards for this...wish i had money ..then ill also give an award for this..
Beautiful!
Instant classic.
Me: Where's T-Bear?
Niece: In the toybox.
M: And what's he doing?
N: P'aying.
M: With whom?
N: With t he other toys.
Awesome work. So sweet!
And the toys are alive. Absolutely wonderful!
This is the first time I've gotten to upvote a post in its infancy that i KNOW will get to the front page. I love it OP!!
My god. Look at all that gold
Talent out there like this and taping a banana to a wall sold for $120,000...I will never understand this world
Wow
This is beautiful, you are really talented! I just started working with watercolour myself and I’d love to be half this good!
Woah amazing work dude
4 fingersssss
I like how not only did you make the toys alive but you sort of changed her expression to match her watching them come to life
r/Wholesome Reddit
Having characters from Toy Story is a nice touch!! Well done!
Woah so skilled! I love how you added the Woody from Toy Story on the shelfes.
This is amazing
Amazing!!!!!
Wow, ~~less than~~ an hour and already ~~#26~~#19 in /r/all... and it's not even a cute animal photo!
This is awesome!
So cute, you did a great job!
this is absolutely wonderful, Op.and I hate to admit it, but I had never heard of your work until you posted the work in progress pic of this, I am now following, as you do have a great talent and many beautiful pics. Thanks for making someone's day with this. Wishing you continued sucess with your artwork.
Dope!
See this is why I like reddit.
That is amazing, does the parents of the girl know about this?? I'd love to see their reaction
Reddit is fucking amazing.
Your work is as visually beautiful as it is emotionally beautiful. You have done a precious moment in a parent's life great justice.
This looks like it could easily be slipped into the Toy Story Wikipedia as inspiration for the franchise.
Whoa. That was quick! I love what you did with this.
Absolutely nailed it.  I love it.
Very nice 👍 that woody pretending nothing happened when the owner sneaks
Holy shit that was fast!
I love it!!!!
This is wholesome.
So. Totally. Wholesome.
This is amazing
So awesome you threw Woody in there. Excellent!!
You’ve really captured the same magic as the photographer here, great work!
This is why Reddit isn't a social media but rather one big community.

Brilliant!
You captured her spirit and excitement so perfectly, bravo!
This is excellent, thank you for creating it and sharing
REALLY AWESOME!!!
It’s really well done. It reminds me of the little kid peeking around the corner on Christmas Day looking for what Santa delivered and trying not to get caught.
Amazing painting, just saw the photo a few mins ago.
Dangit, I watched Toy Story 4 for the first time last night and this is *not* making things easier for me. Lovely work!
You're amazing. This is amazing. If you're reading this, you're amazing. :)
This is so damn beautiful!
Amazing! It turned out perfect!
Omg you actually did it!
It almost looks like she's whispering something to them.
Adorable, her toys came alive!
Reddit never ceases to amaze me. Fantastic job friend
This... this is good. This is so good. And you just put it out into the world? You're a neat person. I hope something good happens to you.
Aw I love it! Great Job!
Nice job
Love it, both are precious!
This is so sweet and satisfying.
This is why I love reddit
Absolute gem.
A wonderful drawing turned out. You are very talented.
Winnie the bee?
I've never wanted to give someone gold so much as I do now with your post. This is amazing!!! I love that you used all the toys that were in the original photo. It adds so much to the painting.
Christ you work fast. You random redditors and your talent astonish me.
This is amazing
This is so precious.
This is amazing!
How long have you been painting?
I love this. So wholesome
That's amazing
This should be upvoted forever
That is amazing!!!!!!
Thank you for this mate. Very lovely and you are talented.
Wow, you are awesome!
Awesome work
Great job. I hope the little girl gets to see it.
