He’s got that look like he’s seen some sh*t for sure!
Awwwn I’m so happy for you! I once lost my cat for 16 days and as my mother went looking for him in the streets, he also came to her crying and stumbling, since he was so weak :( but he’s better now and thankfully haven’t tried to go and explore the world again haha
He looks well fed. Bet you he was family cheating. Now theres another family who just lost thier cat.
My cat went missing two weeks ago, this gives
me hope. I’m so happy for you!
So happy you found him
How far from your home was the lil’ feller?
At how far u found him??
I once lost my cat when we moved into a new house for 3 days, she was always a bit skiddish but vanished, we assumed a worker left a door open and she bolted. I cried for 3 days straight - then one night I heard a tapping at my kitchen window - there was fluffy, in all her glory, covered in mud and spider webs - hungry. I snuggled that cat all night and I can't imagine losing an animal for a year! Congrats my dude!
I'm so happy for you!! What's his name??
I cannot believe that a cat can ride a bike! :P
"You have no idea the things I've  seen over the past year. I'll share them with you around 2am on random nights"
Somebody somewhere is saying, “where’d my cat go? I’ve been keeping care of this thing for a year now!”
I hope he will still be rewarded with an entire years worth of scritches and treats. 

Finally someone having a good 2020
So happy for you and your story resonated with me soooo much. I am 56 now but when I was about 12/13 my cat went missing for three months. My sister wanted me to walk with her to her friends to play a trick on her and leave a funny note hanging on the front door, ring the doorbell and run away. So I take the note, tape it to the front door, ring the doorbell and run away to hide behind a hedge where my sister was hiding. 

I run back to the hedge and just as soon as I sit down my cat who had been missing, jumped into my lap. This was at a house about 3 miles from our house across a large highway and one of the main streets in Niagara Falls. (For locals, across the QEW and across Lundy's Lane.)
Is he chipped?
My sister's cat used to disappear every summer.  And then show up in the fall all sleek, fat and happy.  We figured he had a second home at someone's summer camp.
There must be a glitch in the matrix, I was convinced good news were not possible in 2020
My cat went missing for several days. She was quite old, so I thought perhaps she’d wandered off to die. Got a call while I was at work; it was the humane society asking if I still lived at my address. Dumb dumb cat had gotten herself stuck under some hollow concrete steps across the street. The officer could reach in to get her collar and give her food and water, but couldn’t pull her out. I left work, petted a very angry kitty for a few minutes, got a shovel, and dug a hole just big enough to pull her out. She was pissed and clingy for hours.
This is the kind of good news we all need to read and share. Yay for you all.
Rescued a feral kitten more than a year ago, he got out 6 months ago and he never came home. I put up posters, checked the local pound every weekend, etc. Turns out my cat wasn't lost, the asshole had abandoned us (family of 4) for my elderly back neighbors cat, Paul. I see him sometimes and he runs away, im assuming my kids were just too overwhelming, since my back neighbors don't have kids.

Makes me sad he left us, but im glad he found a companion.
My cat got out a few weeks back and was missing for four hours. It was the worst afternoon of my life. I can’t imagine a year.
oh wow, I'm so happy for you guys!! I can't imagine how much it hurt when you loose furrr baby
A welcome bright spot in 2020.
This exact thing happened to my family - we lost our cat and he showed up a year later at a shelter two towns over. Weird how the universe works. Glad you found your friend!
And hopefully an indoor cat who can't sneak out!  You were so, so lucky - as was the cat!
He would have stayed away, but all the people disappeared for months and it freaked him out.
He looks like he wants to have a word with you!
My cat got out the first winter me and my then girlfriend lived in Chicago. Was gone from mid December to mid January. It got below zero multiple days. We walked every day looking for him, we put up fliers everywhere, we even found a way to mass snail mail the neighborhood with flyers. After a month, we decide it's probably time to stop actively looking and move on. Two days later my GF is taking out the trash before picking me up for work. Hears a meow and knows instantly it's him. She turns around, grabs the now incredibly skinny cat, rushes back to the house and calls me. She's blubbering so hard I can't understand her, but I hear the unmistakable sound of our very hungry, very excited cat in the background. Dunno how the little guy did it, but he survived longer than I would have on the streets in that weather.

Anyway, good for you. It's a great feeling.
My friend’s cat got out when they had just moved to a new home. She finally gave up on him ever coming back, and then Muffin somehow showed up at the door on her birthday. She said the cat was so starved he ran over and started woofing down her birthday cake.
Really happy for all of guys. Can't imagine all the emotions you had to go through. Wonderful to hear that the gang is reunited!
When I was 19 my (recently ex-) girlfriend and her family moved away from our city. They had a dog, I’ll call him Moose, because that was his name.

Anyway like a year after the family had moved, I’m picking up a pizza maybe 10mins from my house. Low density suburban setting.

Get the pie, walk back to the car, see a dog that reminds of Moose so I yell “Moosie”. Bugger runs to me and I’m convinced immediately this is Moose.

Called my ex. “What did you do with Moose before you left?” 

She: “He ran away 6months before we left [city].”

Me: “Oh. So I found Moose.”

She: [silence]

Me: “I’ll look after him, just thought you’d like to know.”

Kept the dog. 

My ex lived maybe 30mi from me. How that dog happened to be at that place at that time is something I have mediated in many times since. Moose was a great dog, and I am so happy we got back together! He’s passed now (he was old when I met my ex). I often wondered if when my ex’s family left if Moose looked out for my smell and tracked me down somehow. I hope so.
I had my orange tabby go missing for 3 months. Turns out the fucker had been roaming free in a field only a couple blocks away. The local business asked if he was ours. Within a day he was meowing at the door to go back outside. Eventually we gave him to a friend who owned a large farm, so he could be an outdoor cat out of the city. Last I checked he was devouring mice left and right.
It’s amazing what cats can get into.
I can't understand people who support letting their cats outside unsupervised, and then get upset and wonder how their cat went missing. Like you have options. They sell leashes and harnesses for cats, you can even get a catio (cat patio) to let them enjoy the outdoors in safety, and yet people still open the door, let their cat roam away, close it, and don't bother checking until their cat comes yelling and scratching at the door. And then you only get worried when your cat doesn't come scratching, but yknow what? That was preventable. That was on you.
"Missing?" Polygamy, more like. I once had a cat who liked a lady and her dog who often walked by our house. Cat moved out to go live with them.
One of my mothers family cats went missing in summer 2015 and was found on the other side of the city in 2017. Another family apparently found him and fell in love with him enough to get him tagged. To their disappointment he had been tagged many years before (he was 12 when he went missing). That phone call from my mom telling me that Ozzy was is something I’m not like to forget. 

Seeing him again after chalking him up as gone 2 years prior was a surreal feeling. We unfortunately had to put him to sleep this past fall. He was sucha good natured kitty.

RIP Ozzie Joe.
A friend of mine lost her cat 5 years ago. They assumed she was gone forever because they live on the side of a hill with coyotes and such. Earlier this year the cat just showed back up. She was much skinnier and pretty rough around the edges but it was, without a doubt, the same cat!
My next kitty will be equipped with GPS and a streaming webcam on the collar .

Happy you found your little furball
So I'm confused....OP in their title says their cat went missing a year ago but then they found it...then in the comments they said they found it about a quarter mile away from home...at someone else's home. Now I've heard of peoples cats sometimes disappearing for days at a time because they were staying at a nearby house which is weird enough but whatever...but a year? A whole ass year? That's a long fucking time. Someone clearly stole/took it upon themselves to adopt your cat and it only now just managed to get away.

Like how tf am I seeing people tell OP to thank the people who looked after their cat or give them a gift or whatever? They had OP's cat for a year! They kidnapped it! Catnapped!
I just replied to a comment about a person finding their cat after 6 years and now this...  these two stories are giving me so much hope that I too will some day see my cats again.
He’s thinking.
“You won’t believe what I’ve been up to. I've seen things you people wouldn't believe! Attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion. I watched C-beams glitter in the dark near the Tannhäuser Gate. All those moments will be lost in time, like tears in rain. Time to to return through the cat flap”.
Nice to see a redditor steal their own cat for a change.
That's it boys. Turning point of 2020. Only up from here!
I’m so happy for you I could cry! Look at that sweet boy. A few months back my housemate accidentally let one of my babies slip past her out the door one night I happened to be away. I was out of my mind devastated the next morning when I couldn’t find him. That afternoon my partner and I walked up my street calling for him and when we got back, we happened to look out the door window after we shut it behind us and saw him running up to the house. I have never been so happy and relieved in my life, I can’t imagine how it feels after a whole year away!! Sending him lots of love and cuddles
Looks like he's planning on eating you.
You need to neuter him.
That’s awesome. Glad he’s back home.
He's a handsome boy!
I'd bet anything another family just lost "their" cat.
Hey 2020, fuck you I got my kitty back.
Thank you for the GOOD news!  I hope he stays put!
This story makes my day. So happy you are reunited!
My cat went missing a few years ago. I still miss her every day. Luckily I have one of her kittens from her last litter.
I'm trying not to cry. Congrats on finding your friend!! I can't imagine how surreal that must have been first meeting eyes with him after a whole damn year. I wonder how he felt in that moment, too. Obviously it sounded like a joyous reunion all around.
I’m SO soooo happy for you and him that he was found. The poor baby was so ready to come home, heard dad’s voice and knew he was saved.
Congrats! Hope you took him to a vet. That's a year out in the wild which is like 5 years in a house. They went through some hardship.
Make sure you keep an eye on that wanderer this time ;)
He looks lile he is mad you let him get lost.
This is so amazing!! So happy for you <3
Wow that's so cool! I can imagine how happy you are, I know how I would feel if I was in that position. Congrats on having the kitty back home.
😥 I'm glad you found him... I sadly dont think I will have that luck. Moved states...
Not year bruh its your life your life has been made this kind of things happen rarely and you are talking about a year, really thankful that you found him.I can't even let my cat be away from me for a single day.Earlier i was a dog person but 8 months a ago i fed a pregnant stray cat who then gave birth to beautiful kittens so i adopted two of them.And i am so attached to them now :) i like being a cat person now though i love all the animals out there :)
something good did happen in 2020.
This isn't a bad way to start off my Friday. Thank you for posting this little guy and your story👍🏾
take that 2020!
Judging by that look, it was entirely your fault. ;P

Glad this story has a happy ending!
wow, thats amazing!!! HAPPY for you
Happy meows der G!  Many more much love 💕
That cat has seen some shit
Hope he Was OK when u found him ? He looks good now anyway.
oh man you gotta share videos OP of his recovery. and how did he survive for a year by himself?? where was he wandering? that is crazy miraculous
"damn humans. I was avoiding them and they are like oh my god cheechee is that you? We found you?!!!.... I had to be like oh you guys yea I was also looking for you. Fml"
One of my cats went missing for 2 weeks, she fell off my 3rd floor apartments balcony. One of the happiest days of my life was getting her back.
So happy for you, I’ve heard many stories of losing pets that had a more tragic turnout then this. Honestly the best news I’ve heard all throughout 2020.
what an incredibly sweet story. I am so happy for you!
Awwwww! Omg a what a year it’s been for him!
He took a gap year from becoming a kitten to becoming a cat. Had to find himself.
This cat has seen some shit.
The best thing to come out of 2020!
Finally, something good in 2020!
aww my cats have been gone for a year now too. i hope they’ll come back like your little bud did :)
Was he far from home?  Did he look hungry/healthy?   So many questions!!!
Beautiful cat! Miracles do happen! ^ . ^ out of the ones that go missing without trace, stories like this almost make up for all the lost ones.
The way she looks at the camera, I'm getting pet cemetery vibes!
My roommate’s cat went missing for 5 months, through the winter. Every time it snowed, I would think that he was truly gone. Then, in March, she got an automated phone call early in the morning from the microchip company saying that he had been found and was at the local humane society. We got there as fast as we could, and they were kind of confused and said that he wasn’t in their system until they realized that the people who had brought him in had left with him, thinking to save her the $50 fee for a cage. She got their number and tried calling and texting, and then got a text telling her that he had escaped again, and that they wouldn’t give her their address— they only told her the block they were on. So we had to walk up and down the block, questioning neighbors and anyone walking by, until we heard him yelling a few doors down. He leapt into a bush and she had to get on her hands and knees to drag him out. He hadn’t lost any weight, but looked super muscular. I will always have hope finding a lost cat after experiencing that!
Cats are cool as fuck
This actually made me very happy to hear. I'm glad something like this could happen, even though the circumstances that lead to it were very sad.
I’d check the stray laws in your state. Most states only require an animal to be missing for a few weeks before it legally can be rehomed. In my state, if you find a stray animal and like it, after two weeks, it’s legally yours.
We had a chicken ( who was a beloved pet) go on walkabout for a month, in Portland Oregon.  When she came back, my wife was so happy, she wrote a children's book about her adventures, hah.
Whoa! I'm so happy for you guys! My cat also left once for four months. I thought he died, then he just came back one night. Now, he's been gone again for a week. 😅 

Thanks for sharing the good news. It kinda gives me some hope. ❤️
Excellent...!! I learned that if a kitty goes missing to put their litter box outside ... fortunately haven’t had to use that, but perhaps it may help one of your feline friends....
Probably the only good thing to happen in 2020... and it worth it
That's great! Something similar happened to me last year. around June of last year our cat went missing and for weeks we couldn't find him and we just assumed that he got hit by a car or something. Then sure enough one late night my dad was up and could hear a meowing outside the window and there he was. I don't think I've ever been more happy than seeing him again.
Are you taking him to the vet to get a nice checkup?  Happy for you though.
My father accidentally drove our cat to a fishing spot thats around 10km away, a month later the cat started her usual routine of scratching the door window for food
I nominate thee as a contender for good feels story of 2020.  Need as many as these as possible.
I once lost my chameleon for a couple months. My sister found him in the hallway. Turns out he was in the attic, and he ate all the insects, not even a moth in sight.
I'm glad to know SOMEONE'S 2020 doesn't suck
Sooo happy to hear that he found his way back to you!!! The expression on his face is saying “...the stories I could tell you...”
About six years ago in mid January, my pet corn-snake Salazar somehow escaped his cage and then our house. He was gone for 4 months and we figured he'd died in the blistering cold winter that year.

Come middle of May, it's the first really nice day of the year. Sun's out, cloudless, mom's running the sprinkler... lo and behold, sunbathing on the warm fresh mulch and enjoying the gently oscillating drizzle from the sprinkler was our dear boy Salazar. My mom, who was outside and on the phone, saw him and said, "sorry, I'll call you back." 

She picked him up, then thought, boy, I hope this is Salazar. Fortunately, it was, and he's still alive and kicking! (Or wriggling I suppose.)

Little miracles do happen and your story was definitely one of them!
I'm so happy you got your boy back! It's the worst feeling in the world. Give him every bit of love you haven't been able to give him this past year. 

My boy went missing in October and posts like this give me hope that I still might see my Sora again one day.
Love hearing stories like this! They give me hope my little guy is out there somewhere.
2020 isn’t that bad now. Things like this keep it from being the apocalypse
That is the look of blame.
Cat: this is your fault, human! Also I miss and love you.
He now has enough information to take down a terrorist in organization.
I am happy for you.

However, be aware, someone else is now "missing a cat".

Your cat is diversifying his support network portfolio to ensure his continued support and retirement is ensured.
My family moved around a bit after my parents got divorced, and we brought a cat along with us throughout all of those moves.

At the last place we lived before my mom bought a house my sister's cat started spending time at an elderly woman's house across the street. When we moved into the house the cat somehow found its way back to the old woman's house near our previous residence, so my mom went back to get him, but this wasn't the last time. I think there were about three iterations of this before my mom finally refused to go collect him anymore. My sister was devastated, but my mom explained to her that cats choose their owners, and that in my sister's life she would probably have many more cats, but the old woman might just have this one left before she eventually dies and the cat probably felt that she needed him more.
Damn, me and an ex lost our cat overnight and we were in total shock. I couldn't imagine a full year! Glad your little buddy made it through and found y'all again!
My outdoor cat went missing for about 40 days, and some who made it 3 towns over (probably hitched a ride) well someone found her and took her to the vet (she is microchipped) and that’s how we got her back.
Cats are crazy! I’ve heard so many stories like this where a cat will be gone for months or years and they sometimes eventually come back!
I’m so glad you found your kitty.  From the look on his face, YOU must be the one who was lost for a year.  It sort of says yeah I’m home where the heck were you?
Microchip your cat!!!! In case this happens again!!!
Gap year
"My plan worked. After finally subduing my hosts mind, I have reentered the family dwelling and no one suspects a thing."
I once lost my cat for like 3 weeks. Turns out our neighbors took him and tried to deny it. Saw him in the window scratching for me. Assholes.
When I was a child my mother was fed up with the flea problem that we had and rather than fix it she took the our cat 2 mi away and dropped it off in a random neighborhood. Several months later the cat returned home. My mother to this day feels terrible for what she did
my neighbor fed my cat so I just let him live with her but then she came to me and said, "Your cat needs to go home" And I laughed and said "the cat decides, and since you fed him even when asked not to, he officially belongs to you now."
My cat was lost too, not that long just a week and i found her last night. Her voice is really raspy and she’s looks really tired but i’m so happy. I can totally feel your happiness. Bless you❤️
oh man all of 2020 saved up to bestow that much luck on you and kitty
At least something good happened in 2020. Congrats!
Your cat looks like he's seen some shit.

Tough little cat!
What a relief! So happy that you’re reunited 🥰
Yay! Something good in 2020!
homie looks like its ready to pounce on u for being a year late for its rescue
This is the kind of wholesome news we need to see to take a bit of the sting out of the floating dumpster fire that is 2020. Glad everything is okay!
We have a cat that comes
In the pet door at night, eats, then leaves.  I caught him/her on a game camera but I’ve never seen him myself!  We named him Nacho.... because that’s not yo cat!
Black and white with a heart on his side... hoping he adopts is soon!
Now someone else is missing a cat they have known for a year.
Omg how awesome! I found a lady’s cat last year who had been missing for two months.  She was ecstatic also. She still sends me photos of him at least once a month lol
We fed the cat so he wasn’t sick or anything but then we saw the flyer and we were like well, never hurts to try and call and it was the cat! It was such a cool moment.
Best thing to come out of 2020 so far - glad to hear someone with good news for once!
Cool. Mu mothers jealous boyfriend stole our cat and took it 15 miles away to a rural seaside area, near where he worked. Six months later, she got a call from a friend who lived near that spot saying a stray cat had shown up at the friend's house and it resembled our missing cat. It was, and our cat had found my mothers best friend. Odd, right?
This is crazy! I'd love to get my missing cats back.
He shall get snuggles and cat nip
1)Put a collar on him with your info in case he goes missing again. 
2) keep him indoors.
A lot of them starve out there. Good thing you found him.
My cat went missing 3 years ago... I wish the same would happen to me. You are very lucky, please take care of him ♥️♥️♥️
The look on his face says "Oh shit they found me"


Seriously though, congratulations. That's really cool.
This is so sweet. My 18 y/o cat ran away last year and we never found her. She was very old and weak, so I hope another family found her and took her in. I miss her a lot.
Very cute! But get rid of that router, it's garbage
The story we all needed in 2020!
Theres a reasonable chance you just stole someones cat
Thats amazing my cat looks like that
Just gonna leave this here:  [https://www.buzzfeed.com/sydrobinson1/cat-posts-from-this-week-june-30-2020](https://www.buzzfeed.com/sydrobinson1/cat-posts-from-this-week-june-30-2020)
Woow ! What an amazing reuniting! Happy hear u found him :)
I know that feeling real good.
My Cat was missing for almost 2 years after a big storm. We were searching him for a few weeks. Hoping to find him or atleast his body.

Then he suddenly appeared on my door, waiting for me after almost 2 years. He was all healthy and well fed. I was so thankful to whoever took this good care of him.
The return of the king
I might be the asshole hear but how does one let a cat out?

I always hear about people losing cats because they get outside. How does this happen if your careful ?
*my wife and i
My cat once dissipated for like two weeks.   


One day when I was shopping at a store right across the street, she meowed and ran up to me. I took her home (She definitely wasn't lost, the house was right there). She stayed overnight and slept in my bed. And left in the morning. I never saw her again.   


I assume she had another family somewhere or something and she just came to say goodbye.
LPT, when writing about two people in a sentence, try removing each to see if the rest sounds correct.

"Me" and "my wife" found him.  My wife found him, correct.  Me found him, incorrect.

"My wife" and "I" found him.  My wife found him, correct.  I found him, also correct.
Stop being an irresponsible pet owner and don't let your cat outside.


Not only is it terrible for the environment but its dangerous for your cat too.

Stop being a shitty pet owner
How can a cat go missing? They are very attached to the place and they navigate well, so they always find their way back
That's awesome! Did he give you lots and lots of head boops?
This is the best news. I'm so happy for you both!
This is magical, I am SO happy for you!
Welcome home to your sweet boy!
The look on his face reminds me of the cat from Pet Sematary! XD

So happy that you found your cat tho btw!
Awwwww baby! I’m so happy for all of you! This just warms my heart. So beautiful! Reunited at last!
My cat dipped out for like 5-6 months once and then one day just showed back up at the front door.
Plot twist - it's not the same cat!
That’s incredible! They’re so smart. I remember when I was a kid one of our favorite kitties went missing when we moved to a new town, he was gone for 3 months, but he showed back up at the new house after believing to have travelled back to the old place, 30 miles there and back! He lived a long badass life.
He just needed to charge his cell phone.
Only thing good to happen in 2020 !!
So glad he's back home safe!!

What was his condition when you found him; did he also seem traumatized?

I tell my 3 cats "That's not your world out there" when they look curious about the outside.
I lost my cat last 5 month  (I think) haven't found it  yet glad you could
I had my cat go missing for 5 days, which is a short time compared to a lot of these stories. 

But anyone who owns a loved pet knows that 5 days feels like an eternity. The day I found her was one of the best days of my life.
Did you ask him where he's been?
Cats are freaking wild man. My grandmother relocated with her cat from the UK to South africa. Cat dipped after 2 days and then just reappeared in the garden about 3 months later. Spent three whole months exploring a foreign country. Mind blowing.
that was my lunch
Cats ABSOLUTELY know and love theirs owners/ servants. So happy for you!
I am so very happy for you. I cannot imagine the excitement that you and your little purrbaby felt at being reunited. Congratulations.
Awwww thats amazing! Im happy for you
Oh my goodness. I would be so sad if my cat went missing. Im so glad you found him.
You seem really happy, the cat doesnt
What a great picture! I have that same tv stand!
Insert dad going for milk joke
Aww so happy for you! He looks JUST like my old cat that disappeared for about 6 months one time. He came strolling back in the door one day like nothing had happened.  No clue where he went, but we were so so so happy he came back to us.
Wow!  That is an amazing story.  I am so happy for you.  If anything ever happened to my little calico princess, I know I'd be gutted to the bone.  So glad to hear your story had such a happy ending.  =D
2020 saved!!
Awwww, happy you and your cat are reunited.  


Just curious: how far away from your house was he? I've heard that cats often get lost and/or spooked rather close to home.
Time to write a novel about his adventures for the year
So did he run away or get lost? Could he have come home anytime before he heard his owners voice? So many questions. Cat logic. He is mighty cute and looks in good shape aside from a little nibbles at his ears
Return of the King
Always love hearing about reunion stories with pets, so glad he was able to find y’all again.
He looks pissed that you "left him outside" for a year
This hit me hard. Imagine losing someone you loved without knowing their status. It's sad. But good for you. Have a happy day
He's cute and also he looks like he's gonna jump and bite your camera in few seconds
He looks so happy to be back 😅 glad you found him though :)
You should microchip your cat so that you can track it in the future!
Happy to hear I lost my little guy for 6 months a while back was devastating but I did end up getting him home 😍
I took my parents dogs for a walk in the woods behind their house the other day. We got to the top of the hill and one of the pups was gone. She never does that. We looked for 45 minutes before my mom texted us that she was at home. It was 5:00 on the dot and we forgot to feed them before the walk. She was having none of that.
Awww you see, 2020 can be a good year still :) I am happy for you!
That’s so wonderful! Congratulations!
For an entire year! wow that must've been hard. Congratulation on finding your cat 🧡
OMG where was he and how far was he from the house? You're so lucky!
Agent cat reporting back in.  Mind control over subjects has been reestablished.
I am so happy for you two!
That's absolutely unreal, I would give so much to have my cat back :\*(
As someone who has been there: I am so unbelievably happy for you, my friend. :)
So happy for you! How wonderful that you are reunited! 💞🐾
Aww poor thing!! I’m so happy you found each other!! ❤️❤️
What a handsome boy! I’m so happy you found each other again. And I think it’s really wonderful that you’re trying to get in touch with the people who were taking care of him. Maybe offer to let them visit him sometimes if you’re comfortable with that. Your kitty can have a beautiful blended family.
Your cat looks nearly identical to mine (Pepper) and she was a stray for at least several months. She loves people so much that I suspect that she once had a home and went missing or was abandoned by her original family, though that is only speculation on my part as she didn't have a collar or chip to identify her.

I worry about her running off, getting lost, and ending up as a stray again because she tries to get out of my apartment every time I open the door.
A whole year, wow that must have sucked, our cat decided to stay out over night last night and it left us with very little sleep, I can't imagine how bad a year would be. When did you start to assume the worst?
I teared up with happiness when I read this! So happy for you and your cat's reunion ❤
He got some stories to tell
My cat went missing a little over a year ago. I’m so glad you found yours! It sucks not knowing what happened to them.
Brought a tear to my eye.
THIS IS AMAZING. I'm so happy for you thats so sweet that he came running as soon as he heard you (':
Awww I love this. It also gives me hope. Our boy has been out there within a 1/4 mile of our greenbelt type neighborhood. I hope we run into him just like this one day.
He has seen some things
Is he biking all time :)
That's a vewy bad putty tat! :)

Lost my Mom and Dad's Sheltie for 11 days.  Put some old blankets and familiar food out where she'd been spotted and found her a few days later.  I'm not a morning person, but that was the 5am wake up call I ever got!
So, so happy for you! What a lovely story. You’re a lucky guy and so is your kitty!
This is the only good thing that 2020 has brought upon us. So happy for your family
Lovely story! Same happened when I was a kid..  my special cat went missing for at least 2 months. One day on a walk we found her a few blocks away! They had been feeding her and she must have got lost! As a kid I thought it was miracle! The silly girl didn't recognise me anymore! Lol. Was the best day for me to find her
How does one tell a cat is crying?
I wonder how he got lost
Looks like there a nick on the right ear, which could mean they were checked to see if needed neutering as a stray. Hope you have had them checked over by vet.
I'm so happy you found each other again. The look on his face says "let's never be apart again."
With everything wrong in in the world this actually made me smile and feel complete I’m so happy for y’all enjoy.
For some reason, I feel so happy for you, your wife and your cat. A beautiful family.
Yeah also found my cat after a month being lost, a neighbor found my lovely little cat strolling outside his room. ‘Mia’ has a broken leg and the veterinarian said she could never walk again, but all I see everyday after her surgery she runs non stop!
Thought i lost my dog today, nowhere to be seen gate was open but door was locked, very panicked turns out my nan just came by and took him for a walk and didn't tell anyone... glad you found your cat :)
It will be one year this Aug 5 since my bubby went missing.  Hug yours extra-tight for all of the pets who won't be coming home.
OMG I'm so incredibly happy for you even though I don't know you! That's just the best.
Hope you get kitty chipped! So scary but so happy for you ❤️
Ah, sit down. Have I got some stories for you!
Good for you. Our cat just broke my coffee press. :(
Wow. Amazing!!!
Cat don't look too excited.
Congratulations! This happened to a guy whose cat came back after three years but he refused to make the cat an indoor cat. Glad you disagree!
That’s def a different cat...
2020 is afterall not so bad
My cat gets out sometimes even though he's an indoor cat. Always finds his way back if he does manage to sneak out. Yesterday I opened the front door to leave and I seen the cat come running over from across the street a few houses down. He came right up and back inside the house, we didn't even notice he had gotten out
Wow, what kind of bike was the cat riding? Just kidding--I'm super happy for you--it would be awful if our cat was missing!
A year on his own! What a hero. I bet he's got some crazy stories.
How far from where you live did you find him? I'm curious how far his journey took him
Did you move all his stuff while he was gone? Because he looks mad about it.
Lmao random cat got lucky
This was my dream in 2005, but instead we checked the county shelter and it appears she likely got hit by a car. Broke my 11-year-old heart.
OP how did it survive all that time
Лол
My cat went missing nearly 2 weeks ago. How far from home was yours? I've been all over the neighborhoods around here but not luck.
I wonder what adventures he went on.
Had a fluff that played escape artist and about the time we had all the flyers up he was back and sitting on the stoop. Jerk.
He went on a journy to find the true inner cat inside himself
I'm gonna imagine he was like a cat version of the littlest hobo and when he finished all his good deeds he came back to ya lol
The only happy thing to happen on 2020
Oh my God! I am so happy for you and your wife! That must’ve been a beautiful reunion. I couldn’t imagine losing one of my babies especially for that long. So happy that you guys are reunited though! 🙌🏻🙌🏻
If he doesn’t already, please get him microchipped! I’m so happy he’s home, safe and so loved❤️
This is the best thing I’ve read in a long time. So happy for you all!
My cat went missing last year 20th December and still no view of him. He was with me for 13 years and I couldn't even say goodbye
So awesome.
It’s a government clone, cats aren’t real
Welcome home, little buddy!  Congratulations, friend!
I think he wants to talk to your manager.
Eff yea!!
Awesome to hear.  Must have been so difficult
I always worry this will happen to my cat. He has escaped a few times into the backyard but has never went far. He’s an indoor cat with no outdoor skills and if he got lost, he wouldn’t make it. I hope that he knows where his food is so that’s what makes him stay. He is also very attached to me to the point of going on hunger strikes if I leave him for too long (like going away to college not leaving him alone for days. My family is here but he prefers my attention because he’s a Butthead that I love). The few times he’s gotten out, it scared the shit out of me. 

I know at least his sister isn’t going to do that. I held her while standing outside once and she peed on me in fear. I think it was because one time when we were getting our heater replaced, they left a hole open in the floor in a closet. She somehow fell in (even though the door was closed) and got stuck under the house. We kept hearing her meow but we couldn’t figure out where she was until we went outside to one of the air vents for under the house and could hear her. My dad has to crawl under the house to get her out and the poor baby was traumatized. She’s living the good life indoors and does not want it any other way, unlike her brother who has a need to explore but won’t go on a leash.
Congrats. I think we can all use some good news today.
But how do you know if it's your cat, not a cat with similar look?
I had a cat once that someone in my family abandoned outside the city..

A year passes, my sister and I were playing in the backyard, and the cat just jumps the wall and manages to come back home. I have no idea how she did it.
How he standing next to that ps5 tho
I wish you and your cat may live long happily.
It’s your karma (good deeds) that you got your cat back even after a year.
My cat went missing 3 years ago. Her and I had such a close bond, i still dream about her to this day.

I really hope that she was just taken by another family and is living happily.
C'mom 2020 looking for more of this reciprocal from all of the bad!
I'm so glad he was found! I can't imagine losing my babies. He looks incredible content but also like he doesn't want to stop looking at you ever again.
No way!  What a great story and a cute kitty!
That cat has seen some shit. You can see it in his eyes.
That's amazing! Once in a lifetime. 
Enjoy the purs!
Our blind cat was missing for a month, and was found about 5 miles away in the next town. We were so overjoyed to have her back! I can't imagine how happy you must be!
He's looking at you like where tf you been
Fuck..... We just moved...
My brother who was cat sitting lost my cat once. He was gone for 3 weeks. I mailed post cards to every house in the area and someone found him in their car engine hiding out. They threw away the post card but a neighbor still had one and they called us. It was a happy reunion and the cat lived with us for another 10 years before he got hit by a car. Those 3 weeks missing definitely took 8 of his 9 lives.
That is so lucky! I congratulations!
What an awesome turn of events! I’d have bawled my eyes out!!
Our ginger boi went missing for just 28 hours last night (damn cold night too), and I was already stressing... imagining him as highway pizza or the victim of some scumbag’s poison bait.. he waltzed in the door a few hours ago and there was much rejoicing and relief.
I so wish they could talk sometimes..just to answer my many questions!
This post made my day. My pride and joy wario got outside today and we only found him because it was raining so he hid in the garage
i once lost my cat for like half a year, turn out this fucker decide to adopt himself to a new house
Welcome home, kitty!! I had a tabby that looked similar to your guy when I was a kid and he went missing for 4 months. I’d finally come to terms with him never coming home again when he showed up at our door filthy dirty and skinny as can be ready to settle back into the good life. 

May you have many more years with your boy!
When I was growing up friend had a cat that left one summer and came back 4 months later. It just lived off the land out in the country - especially impressive considering the area had a coyote pack.
I love stories like this so much.
I'm not crying you're crying 😭😭😭😭😭 I am SO happy you found him! I can't imagine losing a pet, so glad all 3 of you had a happy ending!!
Congratulations. Stories like this that end happily are rare. Thanks for sharing it.
So happy for you and your cat.  Congratulations!  🎈🍾🎊
My heart!
Guess 2020 isn't too bad for you!
Omg crying for you congratulations!
This gives me hope. I lost my dog back in November last year.
I had felt that before, it's the greatest feeling ever, to know they survived and so much they really appreciate been a house cat
Stupid cat
/r/MadeMeSmile
How wonderful!
I'm so happy to  you beautiful kitty
Why does he look like he’s about to pounce on you
He looks great for a cat on the run for a year!
Stupid cat
Hurray!
Meanwhile cat is thinking “What do I have to do to get away from these people?”
Yay! He looks like the [ole chap](http://imgur.com/a/0wL33nO) I just adopted!
Who knows what that cat has been through! Back in college my roommate was gone for the weekend so I let her little dog out to use the bathroom in the backyard. He snuck out a tiny hole in our fence and I looked for him all day, crying because I felt so bad. A tornado case that night and I felt so bad because he was out there all alone. Thank god she is an amazing person and wasn’t upset with me. Anyways, we put
Up signs around the neighborhood and 3 days later we got a call from someone who found him safe and sound. When we got him home he was soooo tired and hungry. He was safe but he was never the same! He survived the tornado but he was sooooo different after that.
baad kitty
That cat mad at you. Glad hes safe though
How do they even go missing lol
Omggg so happy for you ! 😁❤ welcome home sweet kitty!
The dude is home!
Awhmazing.
So happpppppy
A dog of mine went missing for 2 weeks. He ran off in the forest after a squirrel. I went back every day and called for him. It’s not that big a forest so I’ve no idea what he did for the 2 weeks lol
So happy for all of you!
The cat looks furious though.. why do cats always have to look angry?
2020 might be not so bad for you :)
This gives me hope we might find our baby again 😭💛
Your cat looks like a fierce warrior
OP "What did you just learn cat?" 

Cat: "That i am a explorer but on the entry level: i needed experience to find a job someday".
Cat: I would like a cozy daybed right here where I can keep an eye on you.
I'm so incredibly happy for you. I couldn't imagine the pain of losing an animal that way!
Aw your lucky he came back😊
My cat got also missing for 3 weeks and she came home totally in dirt. Like coming back from a battlefield and totally underfed but she didn’t gave a single fuck about it.
2020, what the fuck is wrong with you? On one side you give us a pandamic and looters because of the Black Live Matter movement. On the other side you do this?? Choose a side
What do you think happened? 
Adopted by another Fam?
Congrats man!!!! This must be such a wonderful and beautiful feeling!
So happy for your cat too!
I lost my cat for about 3 weeks.  I went door to door and called all around the neighborhood. Then eventually gave up.  But one day after work a neighbor knocked on my door and told me they thought my cat was on thier porch.  Sure enough there she was!    I was really puzzled about why she never came when called. But then a few days later I noticed she wasn't responding to my voice at all and did some tests to discover she was totally deaf now.  Recently her eye sight has gone too.  She moves between her bed, the litterbox and the water dish like a roomba vac navigating by the walls.
Pfft! He was in my pocket the whole time. 😕
You're living the dream of many a pet owner. 

I'm glad you were one of the lucky ones, may it never happen again.
My best friend had two kittens and, as nice as he is, he was young and didn’t really know how to look after them.  One moved in with another house in his street, as cats do - he only found out when she came in one day with a collar on!

The other one just vanished one day and never came back.  Then about four years later I saw it again, this time living on my street!  Crazy coincidence but it was absolutely 100% the same passive little fluffball and she recognised both of us when my friend came round to see.
How did he luckily hear your voice btw ?
How far were u From home?
Such a beautiful thing to happen before we all die from 2020
I’m so glad you guys found him. Poor guy must have missed you so much
What if someone post this exact same cat and says “my baby went missing today ):”
First good news of 2020. That'a amazing!
Cat tried what is it like to live on his own and decided he didn't like it but was ashamed to go straight back home.
He looks like he's about to tell you a story about all the shit he's been through. Netflix, over to you
dumbass cat
Never let him outside again!!!!
This made my day. Thank you for sharing
Oh my god this gives me hope. I just lost my furball best friend and I'm so fucking scared. She's not an outside cat at all
How did y'all carry him home while riding bikes? I'm just curious about the logistics. I don't ride bikes often
The best thing to happen during this dumpster fire of a year. 

I'm happy for you, OP.
He just went for a year walk
I love everything about this
How far from home was he?!
My cat has only ever been missing for a day at most, and I'd always be really scared she was kidnapped again. It happened once when she was a kitten, but I found her because she meows really loud and the people who took her couldn't get her to shut up.
I dream of this happening, it will be a year this August since my Ponchyk went missing.
She was the most loving,  beautiful, soft, cuddly girl that ever was.
Looks like this young Tom survived some turf wars judging by his right ear.
My wife and I found him...
At least someone is having a decent 2020. Traded in 2 Dogs and a cat already in 2020
What if - now hear me out - it's not actually your cat...?
Awwwwwwwwwwwwwww
How awesome!! So happy for you and your baby. He’s going to have the best night sleep with you and your wife tonight 💗
Best news of 2020. Makes me feel so much better about stuff.
YES! Good news! Thank you!
That’s amazing! Congratulations!
My cat has been missing for over a year :(

Glad you found yours
This is so incredibly heartwarming, I am SO happy for you three!!!!!
Aww and they say cats don't love us, amazing news!
I've heard if you put their kitty box outside they can find their way back, not sure if that's entirely true since I do not own a kitty, but that's what I've heard.
Ah see? 2020 ain’t all shit!
This gives me hope. My cat has been missing for more than three weeks now and it just turns your everyday life upside down.
That's awesome, he looks like a sweet kitty happy to be back with his family. :) 

Growing up I lived in the country and we had a lot of outdoor cats. My cat, Buttermilk Pumpkin, vanished one day. Three years later she saunterered back, as if nothing had ever happened. It's been twenty years and I still find myself wondering what the hell she was doing for three years.
I just imagine two humans casually walking and suddenly they see their long lost cat riding a bike..
Wow what a story.
Amazing he was able to survive in the wild for that long, awesome story bro. So happy you found your fur baby. More like a fur warrior now lol just imagine how many rodents he probably killed to survive
This happened to my mom once. Her cat completely disappeared, and then just showed back up at her house out of the blue a year and a half later.
Hooman, you were lost and I found you! I never let you and your important opposable thumbs get lost again.
So happy for y’all! My best friend’s favorite cat went missing randomly one day and was gone for 8 MONTHS...we were all hurt by it but out in the country it’s normal for cats to disappear.

Out of nowhere his mom gets a call and someone found him and got the chip scanned over 30 miles away. Vet said a hawk or something tried to pick the cat up but eventually dropped him
He looks very happy to be home! Heh.
Glad he returned home safely
Went looking for my cat ones... Ended up with two identical looking cat instead.
Congrats! I would be crying tears of joy!!!
Good things happen in 2020?
I bet that cat has seen some shit.
chonkers 100 keanu chunga 100
Sounds like your setting up the plot to a horror movie.
We recently adopted a kitten and the same day we brought him home he got out and was missing for 3 days! We found him when he'd made his way back to our garage then got stuck behind the wall. He's doing really well now :)
That means he didn't find his way back. Poor guy!
Make sure to give him all the love he deserves <3
You were really lucky for finding him.. congrats!!
So happy for you! 

As a child, one of our house cats, Matisse, jumped from my arms as a child as we were entering the vets. He ran to a heavily wooded area. I spent days calling for him, hoping he would come out. He never did. I was heartbroken because I absolutely adored this cat. 

Almost a week later, I am woken up early for school by mom who had this look of pure joy on her face. She told me to come downstairs and see who was home. Headed down stairs to find Matisse on the table eating from his bowl like he had never left. I was so happy I cried as I hugged my boy. He had wondered almost 5 miles from the vets and made his way back home. My dad found him at the back door that morning, to his astonishment at the time. That made my entire year! 

He was with us for almost 19 years. We just lost him this past fall. He was the best cat and I’ll never forget the absolute joy I felt coming downstairs to see my boy home again. I hope you have that same feeling! :)
I love stories like this. I always have hope that a cat that disappeared will either show up, or has been taken in somewhere else. 

Had a cat come back after about two months when I was a kid. We lived in a very rural area, near thick woods, and one night he just didn’t come home. The first couple weeks we’d still go out back and call, and shake treats, and wait. After a couple weeks, we largely gave up. After a month, we’d accepted it. 

A month after that, get a knock at the door. Somebody with a black cat in their car, who heard somebody had lost one. They lived a couple miles away, called around, finally found us. And in their car was the skinniest, saddest, barely recognizable wreck of a cat. I wouldn’t necessarily have believed he was ours, except he had the same signature tilted head when he walked (forget if it was a birth defect or an illness that had caused it). It was definitely him.  Called my mom at work, told her, and she just broke down crying.

Took maybe a month and he was completely healthy and happy again.  No idea how he survived that long.
I'm so happy you found him! In the 18 years, so far, my cat has only gotten out and lost twice and the longest was a day and a half and it was frightening. I can't imagine a year.
Love on that baby!
Either this a family member of the blind cat scratchpole or................?!?!?!
😭
That’s a handsome boy
Omg that’s awesome! I can’t imagine the emotions you all felt!
How cool that you found each other after such a long time! The expression on his face says "'Don't do that ever again, human!" :)

One of our cats went missing for three days and we were afraid that something bad happened to hear. Then my mum heard a heartbreaking noise one afternoon and saw our cat in the yard. That stupid girl didn't like the flearcollar she had to wear and tried to strip it off. But then both paws had gone stuck between her neck and the collar and she had to crawl home on her belly...
Something good happened in 2020🙌
It would take a little more than a cat to save this friggin year for me, but I'm happy for you.
If only he could talk, imagine all the adventures he went to.
I'm so glad your cat is back, now go get him chipped if he isn't already.  It got my cat returned and it so worth it.
a baby reunited with family <3 <3 <3
Face that says he saw some shit out there. It's one of my biggest fears to lose one of the fur babies. They like to sneak out. Kinda getting them trained to stop when I snap really hard and rapidly with my fingers... But if they saw a bird or a squirrel they wanted I think they could be gone. Glad for you!
Is your kitty chipped? If not please consider it. So happy you got reunited with the sweetheart!
geez, was probably a rough year of survival for the little guy. glad you found your cat! He's a trooper!
My neighbor has a cat that I'm pretty sure he just wishes would run away or die. I think it is his daughter's cat but they don't really care for it and it just wanders the neighborhood. It has taken a liking to our yard because my kids have become attached to it and give it all the attention it doesn't get across the street. When I pick it up to carry it back to their house, it becomes noticeably aggrivated the closer we get to its home. Problem is my wife is vehimently against having pets. Her and the kids are allergic, but even besides that she has no interest in caring for an animal, as I and the kids would be gone most of the day so it we be upon her to take care of it. She has stated it would be the "you can choose me or the dog" situation lol. So what do we do with this cat? It drives my wife nuts, the kids love playing with it, but get rashy when they do, and the neighbors obviously aren't taking care of it, and won't keep it in the house.
Best fucking news I've heard in all of 2020!!! I'm so fucking glad he's home! Keep him close, safe and give him some love from a fellow cat person. ❤❤❤💯💯💯❤❤❤
You're lucky. I'm glad for you. My cat has been lost for a month. I'm looking for her but luck for me :(
I like how people just post a photo of their cat, say some tragic story and get upvotes. Like do you people even know if this is real? He could have just snapped this photo of his cat while working from home and made the story up.
I wonder if he’ll wander so far away this time or if he learned his lesson...
[deleted]
Congrats, man!  This is just the kind of good news I needed to hear today.  Thanks for sharing and I'm so glad to hear you've got your friend back.
Plot twist: it's the wrong cat.
Hope this post serves as a PSA that all cats should be indoor cats. Happy for you OP.
I’m surprised this hasn’t been picked up by The  dodo yet :P
Wow. My parents had a similar experience with an outdoor cat that decided to adopt them. She would go in and out of the house on her own and always came back before dark. Since she was originally wild they didn't want to coop her up inside. One day she just didn't come home and even after looking for her for a few months we hadn't seen her. 
A little over a year later she shows up at the door like nothing happened. I'm convinced her collar came loose and a neighbor found her and took her in (why wouldn't they, she was so affectionate). Cats are odd creatures.
Oh so good
I'm so happy for you! You just made my day! 2020 has been so hard for us all and here it makes me happy to think your year will be defined differently 😊
Are you dead?
Very lucky. I just got my boy back this week after he snuck out. That drive around the neighborhood was painful. I thought someone would call the police the way I was eyeballing houses, bushes and alleyways. Bringing him back inside was another horror show. The other two cats acted as if they didn't recognize him and hissed and fought for 3 days.
AWWAAWAWWAEAWAAWWAWAAAWWAWAAAWWAAWAWAWQWAWWA ITS SUCH A GUUD KEEEEEETYYYYYY
Yessss! This is good :)
Badass. This made my day, too.
With this face he looks like he regrets coming back with you
We once lost our dog for a couple weeks, but someone brought him back the day after we put up a reward for finding him. Almost positive they stole him and waited till we put out the reward
So happy for you, hope my lost cat is doing well...
I'm so happy Mr Biggums is back with you!! He looks like a learned old gentleman.
I want to hear more of this story!
Good kitter
I'm so happy for you! I imagine the feeling you got when you saw him. Such a great story!
So happy for you hopefully you and your cat have a good time
This cat is looking for answers.
Good for the both of you!!! Cats don’t forget!! I believe they feel as we do, love like us too!! Goodluck and know you have a best friend a loyal friend!!
I had an outside cat. We had to move and he never came home to the old house. We had to leave him behind, and I haven’t seen him in almost three years. I just hope that he didn’t come back because someone thought he was a stray and took him in.
This story made my week, i remember when I called my cat in, she was collapsing on the left side of her body, turns out she broke her shoulder, but she's better now
Plot twist: that bike ride was in your own back yard.
At least one good thing can come out of 2020 for  you
Congratulations!!!!! That is soooooo awesome!!!!
oh he's so adorable! he looks just like my cat that died recently. thanks for sharing, it made me happy to see :)
My cat was missing for 12 hours once. She’s an indoor cat, but I have had her out in the yard with me and she wandered into the neighbors yard and climbed up the tree. I couldn’t find her and I finally put up a message on a neighborhood message board. She purred all night long that night.
He looks so happy
I'm so happy for all of you! He definitely looks like he's been taken care of, so that's great. It's so incredible that he recognized your voice and came running to you. Anyone who says cats aren't as loving as dogs is crazy. Every animal is different and some cats are really close to their owners. ❤
Entirely unrelated... but can I see that shelf? I’m considering ordering one like that from amazon if yours is what I think it is.
I think people feel like cats are snooty, uninterested a-holes because they are finicky. I don't think they understand how much emotional stress a cat can have in situations like this, just like humans and dogs. I can only imagine how tough it was for your cat, and I'm very glad you were re-united.
Hell yeah dude!
I am glad you found your cat, but the question on everyone’s mind is, “why was your cat riding a bike???”
I guess 2020 ain’t so bad
AWWWW <3
This is amazing!! I’m so happy for you!!
Best fucking story of 2020
I live in an apartment in a big city, so my cats don't exit my house. 7/8 years ago, my cat disappeared, we didn't know how since no one was at home and there is only one exit. We assumed that we left the door opened for a split second and the cat escaped. I cried all day until my mom decided to search outside our building. We found her on the first floor of the building, she fallen from the window (we live at the fifth floor), and survived with only a slight dislocation ti the rear leg.
How do you know it's actually your cat and not a doublegangler in disguse and will properly it your face and replace you
Wow! This must have been an incredible feeling! My cat, Sniper, is 13 and as much as he annoys me (he's very affectionate and attention seeking) I can't imagine life without his silly meow. Enjoy your rekindled friendship.
The cast came back... The very next year.
We’re you crying or was he?
That’s a great life god bless you cause he knew you guys love him
That kitty has some stories to tell
I can practically feel OP's joy through the screen. Happy for you!
I've been an emotionless husk for years. I have wanted to cry to release some of some deeply seeded emotions that I find inaccessible, but have been unable to do so for probably 5 years.

Thank you helping me out. I'm glad that you guys found each other again. It makes me sad thinking about how distraught your poor kitty must have been.
Happy for you.
This happened to my family! We had a cat, Leo, who was mostly an outside cat, easily fended for himself. One day he went missing and didn’t return. After some time we just figured he probably got sick somehow and died in an inaccessible place. 

Nearly TWO YEARS LATER, we had moved on, and had just gotten a kitten. Like a month later my mom got a call from the humane society next town over (a town which is separated by a river, only able to get to this town by driving through the busy downtown of another town, and crossing the river via interstate) saying they had our cat. My mom said that couldn’t be right, he went missing two years ago? Well he was microchipped and sure enough it was him. They caught him in one of the traps they set for strays in the town. 

Someone had obviously cared for him by setting food out, but we don’t think he lived inside with anyone because he was pretty wild for awhile. We think he managed to get to the town by jumping in our neighbors truck, falling asleep and jumping out when he woke up after the neighbor had driven across the river to work. He was about 4 years old when we got him back, and he lived to the ripe old age of 14 before he passed.
Yay! A month is such a long time! My cat went missing for 3-4 days about 7 years ago. One day I was trimming the cedars with my dad when I heard the faintest meow in the distance. I instantly knew it was Ginger. 

I continued to call for him but he wasn’t coming so I decided to trek through a few of my neighbours backyards to see if I could locate him. 

My search lead me down the street to an abandoned farm that one of neighbours owned. I found my cat absolutely scared shitless trapped inside of a raccoon cage trap. My neighbour set up a raccoon trap and neglected to check it for at least 3-4 days. If I didn’t hear Ginger crying for help that day I truly believe he would have died in that cage.

So happy for you guys!
Oh the universe, so amazing story! So much happy for  your family :)
So the cat came back...the very ..next................year
...no it didnt
Sweet baby bean looks exactly like my cat Nino Minino. He has some explanation to do now 🤣
If he could tell you about the adventure.
he went to the store to get milk
People say cats forget there owners but I don't think that's true. Lost mine for a year then again for like 4. When I saw him I was like there's no way it's been to long. When I called him he came right up to me meowing. Then when I tried to leave to get him treats he grabbed my leg and was basically hanging onto me. He was kinda wild so I just let him be outside since he survived so long outside.
.....that's my cat, give it back 🤣
And he probably asked to go outside his first day back too right?
I guess 2020 isnt all bad after all
Is that a bengal? Used to have one that looked like that growing up and my family gave it away. They’re great
Never letting him outside again lol
My cat has been missing for 3 years. Every time I go for a walk I hope I see them. Maybe someday
Yes he looks so overjoyed to be home.
<cat> i missed you forever.. I counted!
Amazing!!!
We have coyotes and Fisher cats here... it is nice to see a happy ending.  I go running and see all the missing pet posters on telephone poles and feel a gut wrench.  I found my Bichon Frise in the woods behind our house when he went missing.  It wasn't pleasant.
Cats vanish randomly and come back randomly
That looks just like a larger version of my cat whom we lost about a year ago aswell :( really Happy for u guys
I'm really curious as to dogs who explore? 
Do they also go and end up missing or would they know the way back?

Never had a dog before.
You sure this was in 2020 seems too good for this year
He looks “happy” (for a cat)
Nice
Oh, what wonderful news!
You must listen to his tales of travel now
There cannot be a better feeling that sounds like a dream congrats op I’m insanely happy for you.
I'm glad you got your cat back. Kitty, you are kind of a JERK stressing out your HOOMANS like that!😻😻😻😻😻😻
When I was little my mother took out old cat to the pound about 15min drive from our house on a highway. The cat was very old and sickly and we could take care of him, I don't agree with her choice but I was a kid and could do anything. Well a few months later I came down stairs and there she was on our couch. She knew how to get inside by an attic door. I asked mom when we got her back and everyone ran into the living room kissing and hugging her. Her poor paw pads were so worn out. About two weeks later she left the house and we never saw her again.
Finally some good fuckin news this year
Kitty went on his quest. I believe all cats do it. Every cat of mine has vanished for a week or longer. His was just a bit longer than most.
Damn it, this is so awesome, I love this. Congrats on finding him, if we lost any of our dogs or cats, we would be devastated so i know.
Cool! First good news I have heard in 2020.
That’s wonderful, I’m so happy for all of you. He looks to be a great cat 🐱!!
Amazing!!! 🤩🥳😍
Wow That’s a beautiful story!! I love it!!
My neighbors cat will spend HOURS in my house, she’s very sweet
My neighbors had a professional family photo done while holding my cat in them
I love how he run away but he's still looking at you like "how dare you leave me!". So very happy you have been reunited 🙂
I had a cat That looked identical to yours named bandit who did the exact same thing
He looks like my Gabriel
He looks like he’s seen some things haha. Glad he’s back home :).
Serious happy ending!! So happy for all of you!
Did he just run away? I've never had a cat. I always wondered why they get lost.
God, he looks ecstatic that you found him. 😂
He's beautiful
I really would recomend for you too take your cat to the vet  my cat returned after 8 months of being lost. She was looking fine and after 2 months she stopped eating. Turns out she had a tumor in her stomach and we had to put her down directly. Not trying to make you scared but it's just personal experience.
Like did you see him and call him? Or did he just hear your voice and come-a-wailing‽
He looks like a soul scared from the war.
Reminds me of the end to Homeward Bound. :')
Amazing
I lost my cat about a week ago. I really love him. He was already there to sit on me when something went wrong.
I can't upvote this enough!
Yay!!! Sometimes we just need something nice to happen to feel better.
So theres still hope for us?
This type of post makes my day, and that is an amazing story!  So happy for you all!!!
That's incredible.  happy for you
So happy for you! This is my worst nightmare😩
Do cats have no sense of direction or something? I wonder why it didn't return by itself.
Never let him out of your sight again lol
so happy
That is some good survival skills from your cat to hunt and survive in its own for a year.
He looks thrilled
When did you give up searching?
His right ear tells me he's been in a few fights
Awesome!
If he could tell you the story, he wouldn’t say a damn thing to you about it. Because he’s a cat.
My cat was missing for 3 months and she came back and she was fixed. I don't know who fixes someone elses cat, or a stray cat in their eyes I guess, but thanks anyways.
did he looked ok when you found him? one old lady feed my cat so he moved over to her house for 3 weeks. i found him be he went back. i gave up he was move happy with her. your cat might of been adopted by someone.  did you micro chip him?
That’s so awesome! I’m very happy for you finding him. I lost my cat a year ago after moving to a new house. I’ve had her since she was born and she would be 6 this summer. I miss her so much. I hope I have the luck you had. Enjoy your reunion 🥰
You do know had you not had his spray glands removed he would have marked his path to find his home. Fucking humans are a special kind of stupid.
I hope he’s an indoor only kitty now?
Kitty’s home!
He doesn't look very happy to see you! lo
The only good news this whole year!
Happy for you, but that cats look tells me he blames you for his year long wanderlust.
If only he could tell you the tales of the last year
So awesome.  I had a cat go missing for 4 months.   He reappeared when I least expected it (and had acquired more cats).  I was crying with joy.  So I can only imagine how you feel.
Incredible!!! What a survivalist your cat is. So happy to see you reunited. Great story!!!
I hope this is a sign that better things are coming.
This is awesome, glad you are reunited.
