He's so choked up he's 3 octaves higher.
Love this!!!!   Love his reaction as soon as he saw it.  And really says something about their relationship that she saved them all those years!!!
Goddammit why do these crying dad videos get me every fucking time.
I regret throwing my notes away now :( I actually took them for granted. I can definitely see how fortunate I was to have a Dad who was loving and encouraging now that I’m older.
Good doggo coming in with comfort kisses.
Watching grown men cry over sweet things kids do is my absolute favorite thing.
Everyone in the world needs a father like that
And the dog trying to cheer his human with wet eyes!  ❤️
I dont usually cry over things but damn this really got me bad

Edit: apparently saying hard can come off as dirty
This will be buried but i want to share this story: 

I grew up with an absent dad and subsequently an abusive step dad. My relationship with my birth father has always been shaky and because of that, he did not attend my wedding. My wedding was still the best day of my life, but it's hard to ignore the gap that was missing. A year later, I was a bridesmaid at my friend's wedding and she has fantastic parents. When her dad gave a speech to my friend and her new husband, I absolutely lost my shit and was crying. Hard. Seeing him gush with pride at his daughter made me feel a lot of things but mostly happiness for my friend. After the speech, her dad must have seen me crying because he came over to me and gave me a big hug and told me I was such an amazing person and good friend to his daughter. This goes to show that the best Dad's don't have to be your birth father or even your stepdad to make a good difference in your life. Thanks, Jerry!
A Father provides the sperm that fertilizes an egg.

A Dad provides the love and support that molds a daughter or son.
Man I started crying as soon as the wrapping got ripped!

Sometimes on reddit these toxic bros complain about "raising another man's kid" and being cucked and whatever, and I just think, what a sad point of view. Imagine denying yourself the kind of loving relationship that this man and his daughter have.
Nice guy.
Would have laughed if he called her out for regifting
And the tears have crashed landed on my cheeks
When my sister was 2, she 'gave' my Dad a coupon for "One Free Kiss" as part of her Fathers Day.  32 years later, she got married and it was time for my Dad to give his speech at the reception dinner.  When it was all done, he goes, "Oh, one more thing... I'd like to redeem this now", and pulled out the coupon she had given him more than 3 decades earlier.  NOONE saw it coming, the whole room was in tears.  My Dad is a MASTER speaker.
Well I  didn’t have crying penciled in for today.
My eyes leaked.
The pupper licking his knee. “Is something wrong? I can smell emotion on you, I want to help!!!”

Good boye
I only wish I could do something that special for my "step-dad". The quotes are because I consider him my father, not my step-father.  What a beautiful gift!
I held back sympathy tears right until the dog showed up to comfort him. So sweet
She gave him the "Do It For Her" board 😭
r/hugthedamndad
The dog just knows how it is. When a man crys, he needs his knee licked

Awesome gift for a loving father.
At around 17 seconds you can see it. The moment he realizes all the love he's given someone he cares so deeply about is given back to him in spades. Absolutely legendary daughter and father combo
Step dad my arse -- that is her DAD in every way that counts!
How do you think that far ahead when ur in middle school
I'm crying. Also great dog cameo
Studies show two thirds (2/3) of stepdads feel doubts about their connection to their stepkids. If you have a good stepdad, let him know, don't let him be unsure that he means something to you.
That's a beautiful thing .
Love how the dog notice he was crying and came up to comfort him !! ♥️♥️
Love wins.
Two years ago I proposed a big process change at the company I work for. About one year ago we started testing on my idea. I woke up that day to an email from my husband about how proud he was of me and to keep pushing forward. I saved that email and look at it often. I’ve since then met the CEO who thanked me for changing how we do business and had the system referenced in a news article as key part of how we haven’t suffered through this pandemic...but my husbands email means the most to me. He believed in me when most other people did not❤️
that moment when his hands slow down and he starts to realize what it is
As a dad it made me cry
This video on its own perfectly describes their relationship. It's beautiful. I will try to be a dad like this one is
That man is dadding so hard.  He even has Asics on his hat.
What a great dad, what a great kid. Not a coincidence.
As a father, this is something you never ask for, but hope for. This is such a beautiful gesture and something I’m sure he’ll always cherish. What a wonder thing for her to do. Talk about strengthening a bond through a thoughtful gift.
Just goes to show you that those related to you by blood are just relatives. The people who you give and get love and support from are your true family.
I write a joke and a short note in my daughters lunch box every day.  One day I noticed that in the top zipper, which we never use, she had stacks and stacks of them saved.  

Gonna admit that this brought a couple tears to my eyes.
I don't care what genetics says. This guy is her dad, not her step-dad.

This gift is wholesome and so kind, I love it.
More precious than gold.
Don’t cry. Don’t cry. Don’t cry..... FUCK
Yeah, that isn't her stepfather. He's her father.
That's not a stepdad of any kind. That's is just a loving dad.
Aww when he asked "you kept them?" 

Tears are falling!!
In the end that’s all good dads really want...a chance to inspire and make a difference in your life.  If they’re lucky it sticks.  If they’re really lucky you acknowledge their efforts.  You’re an amazing daughter for realizing what your father was trying to do in your life and thanking him in that way.
So glad there are great dads out there that connect with their kids. I. Any imagine it, honestly. So so lovely.
It meant so much more knowing she had saved the notes. 20 years ago I gave my dad a funny shaped rock. I kissed it and told him it was for good luck. I found out recently he still has the rock. It made me really loved given how rough our relationship has been for a while.
As someone who doesn’t know his biological father and had two complete monsters as step-dads growing up I’m bawling at this. Literally would have traded anything and everything I had as a kid to have a dad that loved me. People lucky enough to have a dad or step-dad that loves them really are so damn lucky in my eyes.
What a good step dad. Mine just beat the piss out of me.
No way that’s 6 years of daily post its
So sweet!!  The doggie is awesome!
This is so sweet. What a loving relationship.
Don’t cry, I lick u
Rule number 1 in dadcrying is, You Talk, You Cry
I've often wondered what it's like to have parents who give a shit about you. It's a very strange feeling to be a 35yo man and feel envy toward a teenager girl or boy. Kids who have decent parents, I hope you appreciate it. It's one of the most important and beneficial things you can have in life (or so I've read).
Is this what it's like to have a dad that cares about you?
This is the first fathers day that I didnt talk to my dad, and this just broke my heart
She won fathers day
That's not a step-dad, that's a father.
    Sawewrsewrwewwwwwewwrwwwrwwrwrwa aaawrsaaawa we

Edit: laid on my phone and this got typed out. Just gonna leave it
Who's cutting onions ?'
this s too aww for me to handle, even the dog went and tried to comfort the guy.
Man, this is wholesome. These don't often do anything for me. Reminds me of The Simpsons, when home replaces his sign with pictures of Maggie.
Those notes worked.  He raised an awesome person.
Oh fuck


It's enough to make a grown man cry.
The dog at 0:40: You okay man?
Seems like a cool dad. Wish I had one like that. But hey , im soon gonna be a dad, so Ill do the same for my kid.
Why do these comments sections always have to devolve into the Olympics of Suffering?
That concerned snout.
I like to think the dog saw the dad crying and came to help, thinking he was sad and needed cheering up
😭😭😭Shit. This got me hard. What an amazing thing to do on both sides.
I love how he's so kind and loving that the minute he tears up, the doggo comes hurrying over to make sure he's okay
You know it's genuine when the dog comes over to comfort him
I love how the faithful family dog immediately jumps into action trying to comfort the Dad bc it immediately senses a shift in his emotional state. Dogs are just the fucking best, they’re so in tune with their families/packs. My dog would do the same thing to me anytime I’d be upset as a kid
Wholesome content
SOBBING. Just sobbing. 

Happy fucking joyous sobbing!!!!!

Sophia - you are a star. Step-dad: YOU are a LEGEND.
OK internet, you did good, real good.  Shutting it down for the day.
Too early to cry
Thanks for the ugly cry.
Ahh, now I’m crying
You know the video is real because only a true dad would wear an asics hat
Signs of a good Dad right there.
78 sticky notes by my count. That's some dedication to inspiration!
I came here to aww, not wah.
As someone who had a very emotionally distant father, they are so lucky to have each other. How lovely ❤️
These videos make me cry and feel like an inadequate father.
I have to go watch Die Hard now.
Parents, you have no idea that every small, kind, gesture you make has a very deep and long lasting impact. Kids always remember and need these moments to stay resilient. 💕💕
My first thought was everyone needs a Dad like that, follow closely by, everyone needs a Daughter/Son like that.
I never thought painted nails looked weird until lately, when I see the “detached” hand in a video like this or in a cooking video and the nails have blue or black or whatever paint on them, it’s just almost jarring how bizarre it looks lol
Super fucking cute.  But also I'm glad that other peoples beagles just randomly lick their knees as well.  I'm learning more and more that my Beagle isn't weird, he's just a beagle.  XD
He's speechless, he's so touched 😍
Whew.  It's alright, I'm home alone.  Damn you.
Dog wants in on some knee action
I have a step daughter and three grand daughters, I always encourage them to be there best and they now adults remind me of how well I raised them. I know how that dad fells.
puppy goes “don’t be sad!! here’s some kisses”
That’s so special to have a step parent care that much about you. I was not treated very well by mine.
I'm crying. Dad feels are hard to hold in.
for thé love of god GIVE HIM A GOD DAMN HUG !!!
I used to think I was a cold-hearted sob. Now I have a 6 month old and thinking about him doing something like this nearly made me tear up. Well done.
"I love you too, thank you"

Oh. My. God. My. Heart.
Do you mind? My eyes were dry up until this point.
Ok this got me couldnt hold back the tears
r/happycryingdads
It's enough to make a grown man cry, and that's ok.
It's a great feeling knowing you had a positive impact on someone's life. Little kindnesses make the World a better place. Give it a try today!
I've always said I don't want kids, but things like this make me want kids
When you realize that maybe you did make a difference.
Sophia's Siblings: "BUTT KISSER!"

Love the dog: "What's wrong papa, you got cancer in the knee bro? Lemme check..."
You know he raised a good person, I hope I can do that one day.
man, just coming from the raisedbynarcissists subreddit to this is a trip. Someday I'll be that guy.
I love that the dog senses his distress and licks his knee in love and support
Dad trying so hard not to cry that even the dog wants to comfort him.
Doggo enters bottom left at 0:40
What a beautiful Father’s Day gift!
That doggo trying to comfort dad was one of the cutest parts of the video!
This is what I like to see on my homepage! Absolutely wonderful! ❤️
I have dry eye issues, well this helped a little.
You can just feel the realization that the little things he did during that time really inspired her. What he did mattered.
Oh man that moment when he realizes what it is. He's just stunned. Beautiful!
Now I might be wrong

But isn’t this a repost?
The real aww here was that good doggo licking the dad’s knee.
Goddamn onions
I'm at work and I'm finally pooping and now I'm crying thanks
I’m late to the party and drunk and it’s pride and its cancelled

But the way she says I kept them all

Like it’s so obvious that she would

Just warms my heart I. A million ways because that’s how it should be. And I’m so lucky to have the parents I do. And it’s exactly how I feel about thems I’ve kept everything they’ve ever written on to me every card every email. All of it.
Beautiful souls. Gave me chills
How about doggo with the wholesome knee lick.
This is so fucking pure 🥺
Beautiful
When I was in middle school, my step dad just said "goddammit Megaman1981!" every day. I suppose I could just give him back all of those.
One of the pure moments on reddit
These types of things give me hope for the world - even if it’s just the tiniest bit.
r/happycryingdads
How I wish I have a dad as sweet as this. I'd like to throw mine away.
Amazing Dad.  That level of caring is incredable.  He lifted you up.
... I got my dad a dozen golf balls for Father’s Day...
His dog was comforting him too. This is really aww.
The simplest gifts from our children absolutely crush us. I have experienced this with my own kids. It’s an indescribable feeling in your chest that hits you like a lightning bolt. Such a beautiful thing she did for her loving father. Sophia you were raised with love! ❤️
even the dog was like comforting him.
I like the participation of the dog
How to win Daughter of the Year 101
Ahhhhh bawling 😭 this is so good!!
Dog: hooman sad. gotta licc.
I'm not crying you're crying!
Makes ya wanna be a better father
That gets you right in the feels, that was awesome!!
Omg that almost made me cry
When he noticed what it was and slowed down his unwrapping
We need more of this out there. Maybe if young boys grow up seeing its a good thing to be a father and when you do a good job you're appreciated, we'd have more good ones around for the next generation.
You know what part got me? You can see when it clicks for him when he’s unwrapping it, he slows down and just looks at it for a second, you can see how much it means to him and that shit got me
As a father, this one got me....😭
Nope not crying something is just stuck in both off my eyes
It’s enough to make a grown man cry, and that’s ok.
Damn onions.

Did I mention crying grown men make me cry even though I rarely cry?
I cried my eyes out just watching, so beautiful beyond words...❤️
The dog tho, came in knowing it was his time to shine.
What a beautiful moment for this dad. Even the dog had to give him some kisses!!
I've gotta be honest, it's a combination of heartwarming and feeling like you're intruding on an important moment in their relationship.
You can see his whole demeanor shift once he sees the notes and realises what it is, this is so heartwarming! I've only been out of bed for 10 min and already cried today! Wtf!? Thank you! Haha
Yeah, that’ll hit you in the feels.
Dude put the work in. Here’s his payoff.
Aww even the Mr Bubbiez gave him some love
Anyone who watches this and doesn’t upvote is a certifiable sociopath
As a dad, I’m happy crying over here. Stupid onions....
As a stepdad... goddamn it im not crying ur crying
This is so heartwarming.
This is a beautiful example of being a “Dad”. You don’t need to be a the biological father to be a Dad. You have to care and this man cares. This man touched her life for the better. This is so honest and sweet I just can’t. Not all “Dad’s” know how to display emotion or give love. I’m so happy new generations can and are learning. I have an absolute gem as a Dad, but he wasn’t raised to be “loving” and he worked away a lot. But now as an adult the amazing gifts of knowledge of love he has given me. Without even knowing he made me the strong ass woman I am today. Hooray for Dad’s!
Anybody else feel like there should be way more notes?
Thats not her stepdad, thats just her dad.
I’m actually crying. This is so sweet.
Poor guy. Had to make his own Father’s Day gift.
I don’t even know what to get my dad. 
He’s either in the garage or watching politics. 
Every time I try to talk to him he just shrugs me off and continues to watch tv or work on the car. 
I offer to help but he ignores me. 

 Seeing stuff like this actually hurts but makes me happy that someone else out there actually gets to have a relationship with their parents.
Doggo doin a heckin comfort knee lick ❤️❤️❤️
Who's cutting onions GODDAMNIT? !!
Good Lord this hit me in the feels.  Had to fight to keep joint custody of my (52m) oldest daughter from an abusive mother.  That daughter is 30 now, and despite all the lies to turn her against me, choose to live with me once she was old enough for the Courts to recognize her.  We are closer now than I ever imagined we'd be.  It was hard fought and we're both emotional about it to this day.  Every parent and step parent that has gone the extra mile for their child feels this one, as do the kids that went through it with them.

And now I'm crying at work, thanks guys.
That’s so nice but look at those nails, yikes
I’m not crying you’re crying
I do NOT have the patience to even wait till christmas to give a gift, let alone 6 years lol
As someone who didn’t have a great father figure I teared up. Good for him for stepping up.
I like how the daughter so casually drops the "happy father's day" in a sing-song voice as if she had not just pierced this man's heart.
Maybe 2020 is starting to get just a little bit better. This is truly touching.
I wish I could upvote this a million times 🥰
Damn, that’s a good ass dad. My dad motivated me with the threat of a summer-long grounding. My final GPA was 1.6.
How dare you bring something so wholesome to my attention
Man, she missed a lot of days of school...
This makes me so happy because my stepfather (former) was the most evil scum.  He suffers from mental illness and was physically, mentally and sexually abusive. I’m so happy to see that not all step-parents are terrible people.
This is a very loving moment. And I'm not gonna take away from that. But...that doesnt look like 6 years of daily notes to me. Maybe a best of 6 years worth of notes, but not a full 6 years.
Dear step-dad, thank you. Mine beat us. You show the world that he was a monster but angels, like you, exist as well.
Awwww, my gahhh. I would love to know their perspective on this moment today. Any chance anyone has a source link?
Aww I like that the dog is trying to comfort the crying dad
Geeze my dumbass was thinking of other things to do at that age, much less to save the notes of encouragement from my parents...


Not that they ever gave me any...
Great stuff.  My daughter made a laminated handprint attached to a keyring in kindergarten for this Fathersday.  She was so proud and excited to give it to me that she woke up early that Sunday and put it under my pillow when I didn't wake up.  Then she came back a bit later, coyly announcing that something nice was under my pillow.

It's not the same level as this but for my 4 year old daughter to be so thoughtful and genuinely happy to make my day is a feeling worth really being appreciative of.
There’s dust in both of my eyes
Why must we film everything
You is kind. You is important
r/mademesoblikeabitch
[removed]
Returned back his love ten-fold.
Dammit I’m at work don’t make me cry
This is incredibly awesome and very wholesome, I love this.
Well i wasn't expecting to cry today but here i am
She's cheap

Only kidding, it was a nice thing to do.
❤️ That is beautiful!
Awesome!!
Oh that man. He is so sweet. The love is all in that red face of his. Ugh, made me tear up.
If a man cries on public you can believe its serious.
Damn this makes me wish I had a dad who cared about me 😕
Op def has some interesting posts
This is beautiful!! :D
I'd be a puddle.
Everybody liked that
I'm weeping
I didn’t want to cry today. Too late!
everytime bro, I cry.
I so wish I had that kind of close relationship with my stepfather. He is very cold and hateful, but I still love him because he is the only Dad I've ever had. Thanks for sharing this beautiful moment. It means more to him than you will ever know. ❤
So beautiful
Awwwwwww
This is so awesome!
This is so precious. Sophia is so precious for keeping them safe. Sophia’s dad is so precious
Totally didn’t start crying tears with a big goofy smile on my face at all watching this.....😭
Where are the onion cutting ninjas... my eyes wont stop..
I was not emotional ready for this
HA... he didn't like it!!
Damn, that’s beautiful
r/mademecry
This is really sweet.
 V ccx s
Im not crying. I just have something in my eyes....
Damn, I wish I saved all the checks my parents gave me over the years to give them back.                           But, I cashed them all. Oh well.
So many onions...
I want to succeed as a father like this
Damned onion ninjas attacking me in the feels...
Aaaaaaaaawwwwwwww!!!!!!!
This is too sweet, even the dog can feel his emotions <3
IM NOT CRYING IT'S THE DAMN SAHARA DUST CLOUDS
That’s a very thoughtful Father’s Day present!
Love this so much!
That is beautiful 😊
And I'm not even chopping any onions right now...
r/happycryingdads
My step dad was the most amazing father I could’ve had. Unfortunately he passed away before I could realize that. Very touching to see stepdads this amazing get the love they deserve
I didn't come onto reddit to cry for five minutes, thank you very much!
WOW, my eyes are sweaty...
That was such a sweet idea. Thanks for sharing.
What an amazing relationship these two have.  So beautiful!
I'm a dad. Definitely crying.
I’m crying. This is so sweet!
I’m a shitty step dad.
Fuck i cried
This got me right in the feels. This is such a great gift. Great gifts come from the heart, and this one certainly does. You are quite an amazing and thoughtful person. Thanks for making my day
Man, this one’s a tear jerker. Definitely got me.
COME GET YOUR WHOLESOME
This is fucking beautiful
This is so old and this never gets less cuter
This is so wonderful! They clearly have a wonderful bond!
My husband and I met while working at a retail store and we would write little notes to each other on the back of receipt paper. Years later, he gave me the notes all arranged in a frame...sweetest gift ever.
Awww!!! 😭😭
Great father made a great daughter. That's parenting done right.
I'm literally crying right now
Oh man, this one got me good.
This is love
I'm not crying... You're crying!
J7
Awwww
Damn onions
I’d cry like a 2 year old.
Good dad
You don’t know just how much a small kindness can mean to someone. What a beautiful clip, thank you for sharing.
God damn fucking Ninjas cutting the god damn fucking onions
I ain’t crying... you are...
That was so touching. the second he tore the corner of the paper tears filled my eyes.  What a wonderful father.  He is a father, there's no step anything about this.  And her gesture is so beautiful in return.
I am choked up watching this I wish every dad in the whole world was like you :) and every child have a dad like you!  Love!
Oh great I'm crying now. So sweet.
This, this is what fuels me
I should call my dad =/
That is real love 💗
I just realized I'm a piece of shit son.
Awesome dad so cool thanx u for sharing now I can't leave for work my mascaras running damn it
You know you’ve done a good job as a parent when...
I'm not crying. You're crying. ;_;
Can you share what those notes said? It would be wonderful to read them. (The ones that aren’t too personal)
Mannnn, I knew it was coming... I prepared myself for it but once he started the shoulder shake I was falling apart.

Nothing can top that gift.
I'm not crying, you are
Damn, tears everywhere
I’m not crying, you’re crying!!
I cried.
WHO KEEPS PUTTING THOSE ONIONS HERE?
Damn there’s an amazing gift and then there’s this level of gift
Puppy just trying to help
This is gold. Pure gold.
That’s a good man right there. You can just tell. I just wish there were more like him in this world.
Dog said 🦵👅
Offfff right in my feelers....
Aaaaannnnddd.... I’m crying. Thank you.
We can be the change link and stop inter generational dysfunction.  I’m with you!
Stop with the onions already! So many onions.....
I wish my daughter’s deadbeat asshole of a father would, just once, encourage her, let her know he cares about her (he doesn’t) or did anything remotely fatherly. Things like this break my heart. Some Dads deserve all the love and respect. Others don’t deserve their beautiful, wonderful daughters. I’m so happy that this girl got one of the good ones.
The local elementary school used to be right behind my house.  You could walk out my back gate and over about 4 feet of grass and you were in the school parking lot.  One day I saw my neighbor out behind his gate pouring concrete.  I asked him what he was doing; and he said putting down a short walkway so his girls (he had 5 daughters) wouldn't have to get their feet muddy if it was wet.
I went back a few days later and noticed he had written the following note in the concrete:  Always do your best.  and remember, Daddy loves you.
Still makes me choke up thinking about it.
😭😭😭♥️♥️♥️
God this is so sweet. My step dad called me a dumbass every day, took my door off in highschool (awesome for a 14 year old girl), and wouldnt let me see my mom when she was dying of cancer. I always wonder what these kinds of dads make a person out to be.
Wholesome step parents is what this world needs
Okay, now I AM CRYING!  fr tho!
this is actually heartwarming. thanks for sharing
Got him
Who the heck is cutting onions in here?! 😭
Damn. I wish I had a dad like that.
I don't even have to start the video to start crying.
this makes me want to cry. god bless this man.
Pretty fucking wholesome if you ask me.
ok, but that dog is going: “hooman I need to wee”
Who the fuck is cutting onions?
Damnit Reddit!! Every. Fucking. Day! My bf probably thinks I’m emotionally unstable.
The relationship between a father and daughter is so special. I mean, mom is cool, but dad is DAD!
Fucking beautiful
Damn ninja cutting onions....😢
Who is Sophia
Why it's raining on a sunny day ?
He’s the stepdad we all wish we had. What a good man.
For most of the video, I kept thinking "why is she giving it to him on the toilet?"
I’ll never not upvote this.
Would have been cool to have a father, this stuff makes me cry. Lol
Good man
Parenting done right, fuck yeah!
this is what the world needs more of
Someone hug that man. Lol
That’s great
Wish I had a dad like this. My dad couldn’t even write “I love you” at the end of his notes. He would always just leave initials.
Takes more than blood to be a father. This is so beautiful. Thankyou for sharing.
Awww he can barely let out the "I love you too" at the end, he is so DONE emotionally for the day.
This is great other than how she treats him like a pet.
We have two special people here!
Dad goal
Makes me think of my step dad. He's a wonderful man.
Can't leave a message I'm cutting onions right now.
Awwww the dog is like “there there don’t be cry”
Awww 🥰
God this is awesome. Good girl and great Dad right there.
;; that’s really sweet. Some step fathers deserve a literal plaque. To take in and treat someone else’s child as your own. Must take a real man. God bless him.
The dog just licked his knee for no reason
As someone who never knew his own dad, stuff like this kills me. Every time I see something like this, it's like I immediately start mourning for the relationship I never had.
The dog knows he’s emotional and licks him.
Take. That. Back.
I can think of no greater gift.  This is what we live for.
I’m just that one comment to be here to make it to 400 comments, it was on 399 and I just thought ‘why not?’
Is there a full picture of the gift? Would be interested in seeing it in more detail!
^^^^^^^^loveyoutoothankyou
I swear I was only cutting onions!  ʕ´• ᴥ•̥`ʔ
What a wonderful gift (and dog) for a great dad. 

He will treasure this forever, especially as his daughter is getting older.
This Guy deserves a medal, stephdad.. what a hero
Dog look worried see him cry..
How do I give this more thank one upvote?! Reddit, invent the way so I can do it.
I love this so much. I wish my parents had been half as thoughtful of this stepdad.

I hate that I feel jealous watching this
A good person begets a good person.  Beautiful.
Wow, that's actually really cool!!
You trying to make me cry?! Because that’s exactly how you make me cry!!
Well done dad and daughter.
 That was touching & well won't deny  I cried .
It's always nice to get verification that you've made a difference.
Shout out to all the good step dads out there.  We love you!
Writing a note to show someone you appreciate them is easy, and beautiful, and relatively small but worthwhile little gift.  But to give it regularly speaks to Fatherly love. And for the note to be appreciated each day on its own is also a relatively small part of the day... but for them to be accumulated and then given back showing that each and everyone one was something to be grateful for is just.... it’s so exponentially magnified... the gesture, the gift,  it’s really remarkable.
I can barely handle my 1yr old daughter’s cheesy smile.  If she grows up and pulls something like this, I will spontaneously combust.
Clever girl
The doggo is the mvp
These should really all be scanned in, the whole things going to degrade over time :/
How sweet, his face made me tear up.

What made me laugh is when I saw that even the little doggy was consoling dad with some licks. Cute dad, daughter, and dog.
IM CRYING
Sometimes.... your love comes back better than you sent it.
I love this!! How super cute of the step dad to leave inspiration notes and then her to keep them all those years!
My stepdad just beat me and turned my mom against me; then abandoned me at 10.


From my perspective - this man deserves that present. What a present it was, too!

Love begets love it seems.
Dog to the rescue
I'm not crying , you're crying.
How sweet is this?
A little thing made her life better, and another little thing made his life better in return 

It's the little things that matter truly. Such a good video
I’d love to know what inspirational messages he’d written.
This is a real man. I don't even know him and I'm proud of him for being the kind of person who uplifts others.
Ah, that was a good cry I done just had.  What a good papa.
Excuse me but there was an unfinished doggo in the vid. You must pay doggo tax
No better gift than a relationship like that.
Amazing dad
Damnit ladies, please have a kid with me. I need this love in my life.
I'm not crying. You are.
What a good dad. Big yourself up!
nice....
Awesome moments :')
Holy , bless them both .
Ninjas chopping onions again,get out
Read the top 4 comments in Billy Burrskins voice.
Damn thats some emotional maturity
Beautiful!!!
This guy DADS
You done good
This makes me weak
Seeing things like this to me means that I was never loved.
Why are my eyes leaking?
Stupid onions!
Man this means so much to him.
Fuss the damn dog
Wholesome. Extremely pleasing.
Brb I gotta go buy some sticky notes.
I'm not cryin......
Very sweet, thank you for sharing 🙂
Thats amazingly thoughtful and speaks well of everybody. +10 dadding and +50 kidding.
Gosh damn it so many good onion cutting up in here.
aweee 🥺
Im going to start doing this Once my little sister learns how to read
That is a family that seems to really understand what is important. ❤️
I’m the dog licking his knee
You don’t have to cry dude, I’ve got some big crocodile tears for the both of us.
/r/happycryingdads
Whoa, allergies bad today. 

Beautiful.
What a wonderful gift! AND What a wonderful Stepdad.  As an "Other Mother", which is howmy sons from my husband's other marriage explain me, being a stepparent can be a thankless job.  I am so pleased  to see another successful relationship.
Is her stepdad the least famous Baldwin brother? He looks like Stephen and Daniel (yes, Daniel Baldwin) combined.
That's probably the least he deserves
As a stepdad who loves his step children, this gives me the feels.
Looks like a good man
I'm not crying, you're crying :')
Jeez -- Reddit has become nothing more than summer reruns. I can't say how many times I've seen this.
This is so great
I've fucking cried 3 times today now, the first 2 while were watching a sitcom

wtf is wrong with me
I need a drink
Thanks, I needed a good cry today
Best Father’s Day gift ever!!! This was too adorable and made my day :)
Real dad or stepdad it doesn't matter  When a child is brought up right it shows. Simple notes saved spoke volumes of the love she has learned and now shares.💕
Beautiful moment, thanks for sharing (‘:
Baseball cap indoors-must be america
I think I’ve got something in my eye
Doggo licks to the rescue
This is so beautiful! 😍😭
Who is this Sophia ?
💕💕
I love this video. I also have a stepdad, he met me when I was just 3 y.o. Thanks for adopting me, dad!
You’re not crying I’m crying
It’s enough to make a grown man cry
This is so sweet omg
He’s wearing an Asics hat! This is a true Dad.
What an amazing dad and an amazing daughter! What an idea to write those notes and what cool she kept them and did something like this in return. On fathers day. What my a strong gift.
r/hugthedamndad

But also actually r/happycryingdads
Fuck you man! I am not crying, you are crying!
I started tearing up before finishing reading the title as he was opening it...and without sound
I’m crying. No youre crying. We are all crying
That is such an incredibly sweet and thoughtful gift.
That’s a heart melter. How beautiful.
Dude got some legs
This is really beautiful.  He's clearly a great dad that she kept these post-its for years.

One of my most bittersweet memories was about 2 years before my mom passed. She was sick and didn't know how much time she had, so she decides to reorganize everything for dad. My brother and I are there to help, and she pulls out a box that was filled with drawings, report cards, art projects, etc. My brother and I had a blast going through it, and my mom just watched us. It was really one of the last times I saw her belly laugh. No idea why she kept any of it, but I'm glad she did. It's all still with my Dad right now.
but that's not even a year worth of notes
Whose cutting onions.
Everyday of middle school? Did she flunk out 1/4 way through the year?

For real though, that’s awesome
Even the dog licking his knee. Wholesome stuff. 

I’m not crying, YOU’RE CRYING!
Terrible day for rain.
My son starts secondary school in September, I think I'll do the same.

 I expect it will start well before ending up with something like, 'Make sure you use deodorant and stop throwing your bloody socks on the floor when you get home.'.
Aww . . .
Normally I don’t mind that my dad was an idiot, it’s just the luck of the draw. But then I see things like this and I just feel sad that I don’t have one good or happy memory of him. This girl is so lucky 💕
r/somegoodnews
I made it half way through. Had to leave the room. Imma come back in a bit.
The little things in life that matter the most! Go dad!
Damn this dusty air.
Real dusty in here
So beautiful, I’m crying now you’re not crying
Hadn’t had a good cry in a while. Thanks for this
This whole post is just pure G O L D
Damn I so wonder what it would have been like if I had had a strong father figure while growing up. Jealous isn't the right word for how I feel but its something kind of like that.
You give a little love and it all comes back to you.
This is beautiful
Omg that Jack-Russel in the end was cute
Doggo comes over to comfort hooman. Good dog.
He was a way better stepdad than mine was
What a wholesome gift
What is this? Some kind of salty liquid running down my face...

Great guy! Great kid!
No way there's 1,095 notes in that little frame.
the ultimate regifting.
I’m crying now shit
Awwwwwwwe
As a man of a 22 year old and a 14 year old, I'm glad he starts crying. The standard has always been "Men don't cry, no matter what." If he could see that and not cry, he is truly a heartless sombitch.
What an awesome gift. It’s priceless and beautiful. Stepdad and daughter, strong relationship. It’s so wonderful to see. It’s something he will value forever, just as she does.
As someone who didn't have a father growing up, this made me cry for various reasons
nosssa
Aww what a great father and daughter
What a great guy. 💛
Even if the parent never knows, the child always remember.
Amazing man. Any step parent (good ones) are just as good if not better. Takes a real man to step in and be a dad to someone else’s child.
[Everyone liked that]
Fucking beautiful
Aw so sweet
I'm at work why am I watching this I already knew it would make me cry
I lost my Step Daddy , who was like a Daddy to me and my sister, this really touched me 💜💜 he used to leave notes . miss him so much!
right that's it, who wants to be my wife and mother of my kids
That's sweet, he really cared about her education and worked to help her.
Awesome!!!  Both of you!!!
Parenting level 100
Oh I’m gonna ugly *UGLY* cry now.
I got to use a vacation day?
This broke my entire heart, in a good way!
I didn’t play the audio and it immediately hit me. Damn this was powerful
Somebody’s cutting onions up in here
Who cut the fucking onions
😭
Wow.
r/hugthedamndad
Step dads are heroes
Wow. Now there's proof of a great relationship.
r/stepparents might like to see this. It can get pretty negative over there and sometimes we need a reminder that it’s not that bleak.
Damn it's  hot. My eyes are sweating.
What a big softy. That shit is so good to see. Bravo sir.
🏅 take my poor man's gold
Did she drop out?

Jk that's amazingly sweet
That doesn't look like 6 years worth of note tho if it was left EVEYDAY. Just saying. Great gift though!
I cried lol
The dog giving kisses 😭😭😭
Awww :D
Oh fuck man that just got me bawling in my car during my lunch break.
The back of his head looks like the back of my dads head and I miss him even though he’s sitting right next to me.
It’s enough to make grown man cry
Awwwwwww
The dog even knew dad was emotional and gave a kiss for comfort!
The best thing about this is, you know he remembers some of the days he wrote those notes. How some days it was harder to write her a note than others, but he still managed to write her something. I remember my mom did this for me for a while & I wish I had kept them. It’s a piece of their mind written in those notes. I really do wish I still had those few notes.
Yep, someone definitely cut an onion in my apartment.
Wow I think you did a find job sir
I'd like to know what the notes say.  I need a little inspiration this morning
I’m crying
And I don’t even have a dad 😢
So cute buttttt is that a corgi that made an appearance? Give them a boop for me and tell him peach and Zelda the corgis said hello!
My dad just got a bottle of Limoncello. Then again he never sent me any god damn post-its
The dog: 
G I B KNEECAPS
This is beautiful 😍 ❤ 💜 ♥
That's good shit. Be awesome parents, or don't be at all
My heart can’t handle this much feels.
I didn't cry. I shed manly tears. 
That's different.
I’m bawling my eyes out. I miss my dad.
Ahh shit im not crying you are!!!
Everyone liked that.
Is the picture in the middle of her with Billy Mitchell?
This guy is my hero
Leslie Knope level gift.
Thought he was taking a dump at first.
#im not crying... you’re crying
I’d cry to that too
Why do dogs feel the need to make every situation better?
Thats the most wholesome thing i have ever seen. Thats a heart moment.
Its enough to make a grown man cry
You truly deserved that kind of attention Man
That hit me right in the feels
The dog even comes over to make sure his human is ok, hehe
Only upvoting this repost because I want others to see it
I don’t care what anyone one says females (daughter, wife, mother, etc.) give some of the most heart felt gifts that hit you hard.
You’re an epic dad and she’s an epic daughter.
Okay but why would he want his own notes back?  Surely *she* should have that framed whatsit, not him?  Don't really get it if I'm honest.
That is the moment you realize the positive impact and impression you've left with a living  being who has probably lived their life impacting and impressing others in her life.  It's that thing people say, "You're parents must be so proud of you," and of course they are but in this case Sophia's as proud and grateful to have a Dad who was so loving that thru her it ripples thru her and those within whose life circles she lives.

Great job Dad, of being so loving and continuing.  Sophia's gift is priceless and the tears are a bonus.  Thanks for sending love into world via Sophia.
Holy shit that's touching
So I guess I’m gonna cry today
Omfg stop holding the camera and give that motherfucker a hug!
Man I wish a had a step dad like him
Oh my god this is so sweet. What a good man. What a good father. Im teary eyed myself!!
This is still a very powerful video but it's at least 2 years old
I guess he has his answer.

He wondered if she had paid any attention to them. ♥
That is so cool!!!!
180 school days x 6= 1,080 notes. It does not look like 1,080 post it. Just saying...
So sweet.
Dad's can be the best thing ever. Engage with your kids! I swear they're better than sports TV!!
Beautiful.
I though he was reading the news paper on the toilet
Which one of you is cutting onions!?
This made me so happy.
Wonderful daughter of an awesome dad.
Well, ya got me.
Are we just gonna ignore this regifting?
He did a good thing; she did a good thing.  Happy Father's Day.  This is so, so cool.
How thoughtful for dad to do that. And for her to save and honor them in this way
I willingfully give you my tear gentleman
He must have unwrapped a package of onions, cause I can sure smell 'em.
I wish i had had a father...
999th comment juice world
Ahhh... those damn onions are making me tear up 🥺
So adorable
You wanna know to how to make a grown man cry, THATS HOW YOU MAKE A GROWN MAN CRY....... WELL DONE!!!!
Wholesome
My Dad's a quiet guy so when he wants to express himself he sends me a letter. Like writes the whole thing out and pushes it under my door. He doesn't know I've kept every one he sent me. From when my brother died to when he caught me smoking and sent me a long note about my health and how careful I had to be. For someone who struggled to express his emotions, those notes meant a hell of a lot. Parents who get that are awesome.
This is the true meaning of a parent...
It's so beautiful to watch this, not only because dad crying of happiness, but because this shows she was able to have such an splendid childhood to make her affectionate, he starts the cicle, she has to continue it now.
Oof. My dad and I have been neighbors for the past few years, and he just moved across the country (literally today he started the drive). This gave me a lot of feelings and made me cry. So sweet.
My dad would never
This is very sweet, but I have a question, I dont want to spark up anger but can anyone please tell my why a lot of british and American people when refering to someone's stepdad need to specificaly say stepdad and not simply dad. Dude in my country we have a saying:"The one who Raised and Was kind you is your dad, not the one that because of his actions you were born."
I love the dog coming to give love because the dog thinks he is upset.
I'm not crying at work you are!
Good man, good dad. She’s very lucky!
This is the reaction you hope for when giving this kind of gift. I’m so glad he appreciated it as much as he did. I gave my dad a heartfelt gift once and his reaction was “cool” 

My sister gave him a scrapbook filled with pictures and notes. I now have it.
What an awesome dad!
I have 4 daughters and 1 is not not my biological daughter but she is still my daughter. My favorite moment as a dad was when she told me she loved me and called me dad.  Took a few years but well worth the wait.  I love all my daughters the same but I feel a special bond with her.  She was 7 when I started dating her mom.  Almost 20 now and her bio dad has never met her except to sometimes pay child support.  His loss.
You're going about your day and ... WHAM right in the feels....
WHO'S CUTTING ONIONS IN HERE 😭
*sob* I’m not crying!😭 you are!*sniff*
**WHO THE FUCK IS CUTTING ONIONS FFS**
This could make a grown man cry. And that’s okay.
Seeing stuff like this always makes me cry.
I am lucky enough to have an amazing father that happens to be a just-as-amazing stepdad to my brother. While my brother’s birth father was rarely in the picture, my dad stepped up and has always been there for the both of us. When my brother graduated from basic training, he referred to our dad as “dad” and not his stepdad, for the first time ever. I cannot tell you how it much it meant to our dad.
[I’m not crying...](https://youtu.be/-pVT_mvvZLo)
I Love you
Goddammit, who’s cutting onions in here
Just something about grown men getting whacked back into emotion. Love it.
Son of a bitch, who's cutting onions?
What an awesome dad. The "step" part doesn't count in this case...
Ooohhh Myyy gaaawwwd Who the hell cares ?
This is a DAD! 🤣
I’m not crying, you’re cry- no, fuck it I’m crying.
Did Sophia only go to school for half the year?
I love this. I keep every single note my father writes me. I always said if I were on the run and could only take 3 things with me, it’d be my dog, my dad’s letters, and probably my Nintendo Switch
Oh my gosh, your stepdad sound like I would if I had to try to talk after being given something like that. Thank you for sharing! I know he loves it.
I’m not crying, your crying
Wow... wish i had a dad...
 Christ, I started crying after the first rip of paper.
Some asshole must be cutting onions in my bedroom...
I gotta step my game up a bit
Love that Dad
Cue the waterworks
The doggo be giving some love kisses
Ah fuck I can’t wait to be a father
This was beautiful! Thank you so much for sharing this!
I wonder if I’d had stepchildren I’d have worked harder to win their love.
And the little doggie is trying to comfort the dad!
things like this are so powerful
Aww
Doggo is worried about dad crying!
The only note my father ever left on my door told me to get out of his house... Sophia is lucky to have such an amazing step father!
I'm not crying, you're crying.
that’s some wholesome ass shit right there.
I'm not crying, you're crying...
No ... You are crying! Im just hydrating my eyes !
That is lovely.
2nd time I’m seeing right...fucking tears fell.  Two of em
As someone who grew up with a stepdad, I know it takes a rare type of person to be one. This guy obviously pours his heart and soul into raising her, we need more people like this in the world.
This is literally the sweetest thing! All the way from him writing her those notes to her keeping each and every one of them!
Come on! 
Right in the feels. 
Just when I thought I was safe from those stupid  onion ninjas! 
They’re everywhere!
I don’t see 900+ notes??? lol
This is so wonderful
I thought he was takin a shit while opening this
And they say step parents are bad
Knock it off with the onions today!
Great Dad~Great Daughter
Good man!
Dude I cried
That’s the best gift a dad/stepdad could ever get
I'm not crying you're crying
Between this and finishing Dark Season 3, it's safe to say I'm a wreck right now.
Why you all gotta make me cry like every other post on here
It's the little acts of kindness that matter in life.
Why do all stepdads look the same?
I had no idea the kinds of things normal functioning families did until I came to Reddit. Very nice.
Happy fathers day, here is the recycling you gave me! 

/s this is adorable.
My heart just melted, this is amazing.
And I’m bawling. He was so overwhelmed. How absolutely sweet
I'm not crying....

&#x200B;

Yes I am.
And I’m crying. Cool.
