[/nononoyes](https://www.reddit.com/r/nonononoyes/)me:  oh no no they’re closing the trunk on him... oooh yes yes yes happy head keeps me company I’m glad you’re not one of the idiots that drive with their dog in their lap while texting and eating their burrito.I was ready to have words with you.[deleted]Someone needs to ride in the back seat and give scritches. I volunteer as tribute. [deleted]Great boy.Honestly super smart. He's probably super comfy and doesn't get jostled around like most dogs do in carsSuper cute and all but I would be terrified of being rear ended.   I also live in so cal so maybe that's indicative of the shitty drivers I deal with on a daily basis. I was very mad this morning, got into it with my fiancée and now the doggo made me happy and I’m going to send this to her to make her happy and remember that I love her despite our quarrels and qualms. That sort of behaviour is exactly why I want a malamute, they're just such fun dogswow, i don't know about this particular trunk, but mine gets damn hot.  (hot to the point that i don't even leave my suitcase in there if i'm traveling a long distance.)

plus, i've been rear-ended too many times to ever carry anything of value in the trunk.How did you discover he liked it ? While that's as adorable as ever, the idea of that car getting rear-ended is kind of terrifying.Except trunks are crumple zones, so if you get rear ended, that pup is Hamburg. Wicked cute but is that safe for him to ride like that?Where I'm from I'd be worried about the heat for such a fuzzballYou just don’t want him to ruin the leather I don't want to be that guy but I feel obligated to inform you that the trunk of a sedan is the crumple zone of the car and your dog will most certainly be killed if you get into any sort of moderate rear end collision. 

And I rather like your dog so I would not like to see that happen.[deleted]Omg I want this dog. I want to hug him. At work. All day. [removed]Cruel to convenient in ten seconds.What kind of sweetness is thisI have no idea why people are praising this person, in any minor rear end accident above 20 mph that dog is dead, TRUNKS ARE DESIGNED AS CRUMPLE ZONES. Not a good spot. Your dog should be tethered in the back seat in a harness.Cute, but super dangerous. :( If rear ended, trunk crumples. If hit from any other angle while his head is sticking through that hole, or if the car rolls over, could result in serious injury or worse. Best bet is to train and use [doggy seatbelts](https://www.budgetdirect.com.au/blog/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/How-to-keep-your-dog-safe-in-the-car.png)!  Aw. But drive carefully!!! Trunks and hoods are designed to crumple in an accident!Me as a kid after watching a movie when a man is put in the trunkthey had us in the first half not gonna lieWouldn't the dog be seriously injured If an accident happened more so because he/she is in that positionThat smile in the end. How is this getting so many up-votes and Silver/Gold? This is incredibly stupid and unsafe for that gorgeous dog.Yup. Put the dog in a crush zone that’s designed to absorb all the impact. I work in collision repair. The last place anything alive needs to be is in the trunk. That’s not very safeAt first I was like, that’s no place for a puppy like that do NOT put him in there, then you opened that little door That is incredibly dangerous. What happens if you get rear ended (the most frequent type of collision)?Doggo has got his street smarts. "Look, I kidnapped!"That’s one heck of a backseat pup holder. But then again, one heck of a pupAh so that’s what the hole in my trunk is for. I love this dog.Until you get rear endedLooks dangerous what if you get rear ended?Don't get rear ended doggieCute, but incredibly unsafe for your dog, especially if someone were to rear end you...

Please put your pupper's safety before reddit karma.This is adorable but I'd still be paranoid about some rear ending meWhat car is it?Precious floofer!“Sir, what’s in the trunk”Dude I was about to be so angry My worry is if you get rear endedThat's the crush zone of a car.May I please hug your dog? I wantz to hugz that face!seems unsafe but adorable Just more evidence that Huskies are cat software running on dog hardware. looks dangerous AF in an accidentThat’s a crumple zone. If you get rear ended by anything your dog will die and in a pretty horrific almost-empty-toothpaste-tube way. It’ll be a cleanup.

Don’t do this.This is super cute but please don’t transport your pooch in a trunk. Trunks are crumple zones, and if your vehicle gets rear-ended with a decent amount of force ol doge is getting crumpled tooI’d be absolutely terrified of being rear ended or some asshole stopping short in front of me. Really hope you take him out of there before actually driving. 100% dead if anyone rear ends you at speed in the trunk. Cant believe all you people saying this is super smart... this is super dangerous.Aaah!His little fluffy head poofing out of the middle part is adorable!IM gonna sit back there and give him so many scritches!"Favorite spot"

Nice try, Mitt Romney. hi, not trying to be morbid or a busybody but I think you should still keep your dog in the passenger area, as thats where all the crash safety stuff is. If you are rear ended with a lot of speed,your trunk is most likely gonna crumble.

Last year I was rear ended at 60 mph and my trunk was even pushed into my passengers seat. My dog was in the back seat and even there he was almost crushed up against the back of the front seats. All the Christmas presents I had in the trunk we're crushed beyond any recovery; I sincerely cannot imagine the horror if my dog were in the trunk at the time.But the trunk is what collapses if your rear ended.... Sounds like a great idea until you realize that if you ever get rear-ended, your dog is going to be dead.... There are no airbags in the trunk. there is in fact, basically nothing to protect your trunk in the event of a rear-end collisionCute and all, unless you get rear ended. We all know the dog is shut in there to save the cars leather interior. He does not seem to love the idea of being shut in there. Just looks cute when his head pokes out. Mostly just because he IS cute.It’s a rubby cubby Don't do this! If you get rear ended he is not gonna be in a safe spot! Every single post on Reddit with pets in cars turns into a lecture-fest. Please enjoy the dog and mind your own business. I'm going to have a good day thanks to this gif.My dog can fit trhu that hole lol

I just sit him at front with one of those straps that click on the belt thing.We honestly don't deserve dogs, they are the epitome of happiness So cute!My life is now complete. Loving all the floof! r/nonoyesI need one

*Immediately*OMG, he's a beautiful boy!!I’m just curious to how this position first came about?

As much as it seems comfortable, I just can’t think of the thought process that lead to this...WHAT A GOOD BOYMy dog did the opposite the other day. He hates riding in the car. I put him in the back seat and he crawled through the port into the trunk then turned around like that! He’s a 65lb Boxer!What a Goofy Poofy10/10 would ride in the back with that pupper for daysI am waiting for more videos of OP with the dog... Hah... Such floof... I don't know what I would have done if I had such an awesome pet..... Dogs are true love...... I’m getting itchy just thinking of all the dog hair that’s trapped in the trunk.. lollWhat kind of dog is that? I love how he gets in, then turns around to tell you that you forgot to open his window after finding it closed and is like "but mom/dad, the window is closed!" as the trunk is shut, and stays facing that way until the window is opened.Hell no. I'd be so anxious of someone rear ending me.I was worried when they closed the trunk too! But when I saw that head, too cute and fluffy! You can’t shut your dog in the....! AWWWWWWWWAt first: Good Lord, oh no. Then: AwwwwwwwMy heart is meltedOmg when his head sticks through the backseat though 😍😍All the fun of being in the car with none of that climate control huskies hateWhat kind of dog is that?? 😁😄What a doofus.Hey did anyone else say the trunk is a crumple zone, I may have missed it :PMy favorite spot as a kid, too!! Load up a small bag of snacks, pop down the middle seat of a rental car, and I'm in kid heaven.This is probably the cutest thing I’ve ever seen. Also a bit dangerous now that I think about it Might be comfier because it’s cooler in the trunk then in the human compartment. Stupid hairless humans and their temp control. Yeah that's still incredibly dangerous. The trunks of cars are often crumple zones which means they crumple easily upon impact so if you get rear ended you're looking at a dog pancake.That's a dangerous place for your dog to be in the event you're rear ended not very safe if rear ended, bet he would be just as happy in the back seat, if you cant tolerate pets on your fancy seats you should reconsider your values and what is important to youIt's super super cute. But also incredibly dangerous. It only takes one idiot to ruin your dog's life.Yeah until you get rear ended 🤦‍♂️Wow that is a beautiful dog though Still seems dangerous. But you don’t get authentic cute/dangerous much these days - I’m still satisfied Its all fun and games until they get rear-ended, then that fun little peek-a-boo portal becomes a playdoh press of nightmares.Fake. Dog was trained to do that. What if you got rear ended?I'm going to guess they're protecting their backseats by risking the dogs safety if they get rear ended. Maybe so.  It's adorable and I've done that before, but if you get rear ended I hate to think what would happen to your dog.  Pets should ride in carriers or harnessed in like people in case there is an accident.  Just sayin'“His” referring to her husband who’d rather not have dog hair and scratches on those beautiful leather seats. Will your dog marry me? Ah yes the ol' car crumple zone. Just kind of collapses in in itself when rear ended.If that last scene with outlet was not there, people would be so angry I hope you never get rear ended. Because he is literally in the crumble zoneCrumple zone of car not exactly the safest place to put your pet.My fucking god that is cuteHe protec 
He attac
But most importantly he gets in the backPaging u/2020kbAHHHH 😍so much floof!Huskies really are top 5 most beautiful dogs!They had us in the first half, not gonna lieWhat car model is thisThey had us in the first half I’m not gonna lieWhat kind of dog breed is this?:)They had us in the first half, I’m not gonna lie.This does put a smile on my faceOh my fecking god, good job on 2,000,000 karmaSorry but this is a big fat ticket in NJ.r/unexpectedIt's cute and all, but damn does that seem like a horrible position to be in during an accident.

Everyone has already said the obvious about the rear being a crumple zone, but there is no angle that an accident can happen from that ends well for this pup's neck.More vehicles should come equipped with great riding buddies.Stares glaring with lighter and torch *slowly removes thumb from lighter*Our smaller dog used to love riding in the boot with the lid closed. She jumped in once and wouldn't get out so my dad shut the boot and opened the middle seat like in the video for her to get through, but she was content sleeping in the dark. After a while we put a spare bed in for her to curl up on and she was happy for suitcases and things to be packed round her, so long as she was the first thing to go in. Always wondered what people must have thought of us when we arrived at a caravan site, pulled three cases out and then a small dog emerged from the back yawning. My heart rate is still a little elevated from the mad on I'd built up until the end.Seeing him off leash as that car zooms by was scaryDoesn't it get very hot back there with no air conditioning and that thick fur?Wtf if the car gets rear ended?Nothing like keeping a loved one in the crumple zone. Cute but seriously hope you don’t get rear ended :(Like, your not supposed to put anything alive in the trunk. If that car gets rear-ended bye bye puppy. 0 protection. Backends are now designed to crumple. Do not do this. In the event of an accident the truck is the crumple zone meaning it's there to absorb as much of the impact as possible before transferring it forward. Please don't endanger anyone by letting them ride in the trunk. Not safe r/MadeMeSmileDogs are the best.Love that derpy smile when he puts his head thru the arm rest opening. 🤣Hehehe. The cutest of good bois ☺️In the section of the car that's designed to collapse in a collision.I want a pup holder in my car tooI'm worried about someone rear-ending you 🙁Isn't it hot in the trunk? Until you hit a pothole and your dog fucking dies.Please don't do this.  It's cute, until you consider that the trunk is a crumple zone.  Even if you don't belt your pets (I don't either) they are safer in the passenger cabin.  What if you got rear ended?Please don't do this. Trunks are crumple zones. Your dog would be much safer properly secured in the cabin of your car than in a trunk. Please don't drive that way. If you have an accident your pet will die & nobody wants your fluffy friend to die.Very bad idea. The trunk is a crumple zone, if you get rear-ended with your puppet in the trunk, he’s gonna get squished. Buy him a harness and let him ride in the cabin!Untill the car gets rear endedOh lord he's in a crumple zone though, if they get rear-ended...This isn’t safe... imagine if they get rear ended.. Sick subwoofersTrunk is designed as a crumple zone. He’s dead in a severe rear end accident. Passenger safety compartment is better. Would never put my dog in the trunk. The gas tank is immediately below in my car.If you want to have your dog die if you get into a car accident, then this is how you do it. 

Trunks are crumpling zones, if you get rear ended the dog could die. 