The chill is real!
This is my goal in life right now
I know I could never achieve this level of chill.
LMFAO he actually doesn’t even acknowledge you it’s hilarious
Love when he bops the red ball and pays it no mind and just keeps floating along
“Just because it’s a ball doesn’t mean I don’t have better things to do Chad” - Dog
That is one calm ass pup lol I want to be him
The dog days of summer
I want to see how he gets on the noodles.
I'm just waiting for someone to say "actually this dog is extremely terrified and lays upon these pool noodles in defeat, believing they will drown at any instant." There's always one
;; I can barely get in one pool noodle. How the heck did he get on 4??
Can I join him?
And on the seventh day Dog rested
I love him
So peaceful. When my life gets to a point like this I start inventing problems.
Would love to see footage of him/her getting on those noodles!
"Bro relax, I am literally just vibing right now"
Looking like royalty!
Do dogs pee in the pool the same as kids?
How do you get a dog to do this? Like do you set up the noodles first and they jump on? Or do you have to just put them under it one at a time?
Wowwwww... I hate being human
"What are ya doin'?"

"Just noodlin' around..."

Love it!
My dog immediately freaks out and goes for the exit, he hates baths and pools
This made my day! Thank you!!!
Boat dog
The zen of this doggo
Yay, boy looks so peaceful!
My lab would spend the day rotating between jumping into our pool to swim laps and chill, and sunning himself dry in the hot sun.
Please live stream this! ❤️
The most relaxed dog i've ever seen
Mood
I desire this level of chill.
Ah yes the chill style: four pool noodle chill technique.
That pool is hella clean
Working on a hard chill
Living his best life
So cute!
That's adorable. My dog could never do that, she's way too restless.
Should  have been born a doggo.
Vìbë
The vibes are immaculate
Pirates of the carribean 6: the good boi
Retriever crossed with pool toys:  Golden Noodle
I just don’t understand how you all get your dogs to NOT paddle
I'm listening....
Noodling ! Thanks for Posting!
He has reached enlightenment
Someone knows they’re royalty!
So cute needed this positivity
That dog has an infinitely better life than me
One with the flow of the universe.
This dog’s life is even better than most people living in developed countries.
Living his best life!
People have meditated their entire lives and only gotten to a fraction of this level of Zen.
How did you get your doggy into this position?
"It's like...I don't care about nothing, man."
This is exactly why I check reddit daily, thank you.
Pool noodle poodle
Pure bliss! I hope for a day where I’m this content
Using his toot engine
Pure doggo zen
Lucky duck!!
If he was more chill he would be unconsious.
This dog has achieved tranquility.
ddgaf - doggy don't give a f\*ck
Is this footage of Titanic hitting the iceberg?
I was expecting some action when dog and ball collapsed.

(chill level = positive infinity:)
Okay, so did the doggo do this himself, or was he helped by a human? Super impressive either way.
Goldens are the best. DO NOT try to change my mind.
noodle
Too chill to doggy paddle
Probably the chillest dog I've ever seen
Aahhh!! What is in doggo’s mind is beyond me! After 2 seconds of this RELAX will be me itching and twitching already!! Sigh I need help!
Is this doggo even awake or is he just that chill
I love his rudder.
Just a little poot and watch him speed up.
Can we just show this to everyone en masse?  2020 needs to chill out
Damn I need that kind of energy
He was any more chill he would icicles hanging off his nose!
i wish i could get my golden to be this chill for more than 5 seconds
I wish I could be this relaxed.
the dog version of "smoked a blunt and is straight chillin"
Hey gawsh darnit get your dang dog outta mah pool. We never put a deck on one side actually, but that is it.
I wish I could be as at peace as this dude
A dogs life!
Getting a Chuck Testa vibe from this.
Most of the time we as human need to learn from animals how to be free and enjoy life in a 100%
Where these bitches with my margaritas?
I love this so much.
That dog be chilling
/u/vredditshare
/u/vredditshare
“Excuse me. Those are not the noodles I asked for and I am fairly certain that is not a meatball”
U/redditdownloader
Right about now, Funk soul brothaa
Jelly
Best. Dog bed. EVER.
I don’t know why, but I suddenly NEED a dog. And a pool.
But..is it a saltwater pool? Because you..distribute...salt....
Big fucking moves.
The dog is like just keep a straight face and don’t move so I won’t fall in the Pool.
I am in awe
That dog has a better life than I do.
Dog in Nirvana!
Aww
I feel calm just watching this. Thank you.
I want to be that dog, awesome.
Chill doggo
Ah, the golden pool-noodle-retriever in its natural habitat.
HAHAHAHAHA CUTE
Life goals
Uli doesn’t care about anything. He’s a nihilist.
How do you get your dog to relax in the pool.

My dog loves to swim, but won’t let us hold him up. We just want him to chill without having to paddle
For a scary moment I thought I was in 
r/unexpected
I care not for your query red ball
I wish I was a dawg sometimes
No job. Don't pay any bills. Not a single care in the world. Must be nice.
Me after seeing the beauty guru drama.
Look at dude.
What is this majestic beast, I must find one of my own!
The Church of the Floating Pool Noodle is open for worship...whenever it's hot
Got it all figured out.
vibe
How can I save this video outside of reddit? I want to share but not introduce to reddit.
u/vredditshare
I strive to achieve this level of relaxation
This is me when i go to the pool 😂😂
I really was expecting the dog to go nuts as soon as his makeshift floatie touched the ball
u/vredditshare
God I wished my dog acted like that.
You should live stream this. I know I would watch it.
the goodest boy out there living the life I strive to live, truly inspiring
that pose reminds me of a cat
This is legit the best thing I have seen all day. ♥️
He asked hows the weather 
I like the weather
Dogo just vibin
HOW did he get on those noodles?????
So cuteeee! ❤️ My dog hates water, though.
/u/vredditshare
Straight vibin
That dog is on a vacation.
Totally zenned out. We should all take a page out of this pooches playbook!!
Me
The only think he did was blink lol.
How can you not upvote this?
Bruh he is really just pimpin
/u/vredditshare
Aww. Neither of my dogs are that chill. Theyswim for their life to get out. If I put them on a float though they aren't too bad. They are small dogs so yeah that would drown of course if they stopped paddling
Oh to be a dog floating graciously on a pool noodle
u/vredditshare
That right there in that moment is the most serene dude on the planet
When you finally acquire peace
He do be vibin tho
Shut up with those stupid cute front paws
I wish to achieve this transcendent level of chill atleast once in my lifetime istg
u/vredditshare
Does the pool have a current?
Just relaxing.  I see
I would love to achieve that level of relaxation
When a dog can balance themselves on noodles 10x than you can.
Who's a good pool toy? Such a good pool toy. Wuzzah wuzzah.
Wow that’s what real chill looks like huh
I’m so jealous! Such a chill doggo
"I'm just regular everyday normal mf"
u/vredditshare
"LETS MAKE A WHIRLPOOL, THEN RUN THE OTHER WAY WHEN IT GETS TOO STRONG"

Man, the good ole days.
Omg my life needed this! Thank you❤️
Man I want the noodle boat
Wow that's a chill dog! Cute! 😍
That's a pretty big mood.
Doggo: The Ball is not real...must maintain the meditation. Nam-Yo-Ho-Ren-Gi-Keo
How To Vibe

By: Goodboye
That is too much!
Boat dog
Probably feels nice on his hips.
He’s living better then all of us
Now THAT’S the life
Oh to be a doggo floating around a pool
Yep normal totally normal
Should attach the noodleraft to one of those crawling bottom cleaner vacs.
I need someone to put the audio of Markiplier singing "Boat Dog" over this.
Are you seeing this property? This is doggo paradise
I think that dog is high.
That dog gets it. "Now throw me a snack"
This is one of the definitions of Zen.
BOAT DOG!
Hmm. These things float and if I lay on enough of them I’ll float too I’LL FLOAT TOO! I’LL FLOAT TOO! I’LL FLOAT TOO! I’LL FLOAT TOO!
I hope they're not stuck 😔
Aww😂
My blood pressure went down just watching that
Don't do it
Lazy river fetch!9
He knows how to live
/u/vredditshare
This is the life
The ball does not control you
You control the ball
Let it bounce out of your way
Be the ball
How cute
I need a cool dog like this! I'm pretty certain my dog would sink in an amazing fashion.
It’s all cute and sweet until you realize he was propelling himself around the pool with farts
So cute😍😘
unbothered queen
Is nobody going to acknowledge how wild it is that he’s laying on a handful of loose pool noodles
How does he get set up like that?
Flip it over
I could watch this all day
Can you please put this as a loop?  My finger is getting tired of pushing the replay video.
Doggo has it made.
[Boat Dog](https://youtu.be/WLIfbiTUMiU)
The dog is real right? I mean it’s not like a taxidermy project or something, right!
Awesome!!
IS IT POSSIBLE TO LEARN THIS POWER OF CHILL??
Damn that dog is hella chill
he chil
If you don’t mind me asking, what city/town is this? It looks so lush and green in the background
Booooaaaat dooooog
I can’t be the only one that was waiting for something bad/funny to happen.  Damn you 2020 !  Hahah :p
That has to be the best possible place he could be
Golden boi doin a relaccs
understandable have a great day
I'll just drop this link to make a perfection https://youtu.be/6wS5xOZ7Rq8
This is honestly me during summer 
Just vibing
“I have transcended ball. I no longer need ball.” - Chill Doge
he do be vibing tho
I wonder if he also pees in the pool
That dog doesn't give 2 fks about anything but coasting in the pool.
u/vredditshare
How did this happen.
This would be perfect with the gen 2 Surf theme playing over it
just needs a little floating pillow and i bet that dog would lay there for hours
That is just adorable. That doggo sure knows how to relax!
Where do I sign up for this?
I dont think I've ever seen a dog give less f**ks than this one.
Give this good pupper the whole world right now!
That dog is living their best life.
real chill
I wish I could have seen how he got here
What country is this and why don’t you have a pool fence?
The number of times I have been jealous of a dog today is depressing.
Do dogs get out if the pool to pee?
That’s the most cool dog ,in more ways than one
I/toubm
Doggo in the water. Woggo
i want to enjoy summers like this <3
Stoic!
FRANKIE SAY
BOAT DOG
Dogs have adapted to our way of life.
Nice
My name is Rexymandias, king of canines.

Look upon my barks, ye mighty, and despair...
That's got to be the best pirate I've ever seen
Quitting life to be a dog, brb.
My half Labrador hates swimming. I have no idea why.
I am jealous now.
CANNONBALL!!!
Chillin like a villain.
u/vredditshare
Take it eeeeeewaaaaasyyy
Where’s the bears’ garden now.
Move it, ball.
[I’m chilling harder than you](https://youtu.be/PXqzI5mn93s)
What is propelling this dog is my question.
Hey honey, the dog ate your weed again!
mood
Wish I could experience this kind of Zen .
This is the least interested in a ball I've ever seen a dog
/u/vredditshare
How did he get onto the noodles??
my dogs *despise* water. no matter what, they lose their shit going in a pool or taking a bath.
Booper noodles
Just vibin
He looks deep in thought like a swami...or a swimi.
This makes me so happy.
This dog has a better life that me
/u/vredditshare
Minding his business, unbothered
This is really chill bro
This dog passed the vibe check
I thought this was in slow motion at first.
I want to be that dog
Wish I had a pool to float around in like that. Jealous.
Clever doggo our smarts us all in this heat wave.

Darn I need a pool so bad! Stupid slanted garden that we have 😭
Woah, it’s the [Zen Dog](https://awayfromthenoise.com/2015/06/13/what-we-can-learn-from-zen-dog/amp/).
Mood
This is clearly supposed to be some kind of abstract dog protest.

Have you perhaps switched to a healthier brand of dog food recently?
i almost drowned my self by putting floaties on my feet and jumping in
Wish I could be this dog right now.
I wish my life wasnt full of crippling anxiety, poverty and physical strain on my body and I could live a life where I could watch my dog in a pool.

I spent $50 on Lyft to get to and from work today, so I made like $18 and I hurt all over. I'm so envious of this bliss. I just want it to all end.
A life to aspire to!
The most chill doggo in this world
Eventually, the Dog stopped thinking..
That dog has achieved Nirvana.
That’s a vibe!
That looks photoshopped in
Tough life eh?  He looks so content
Take it

EEEEEEAAAAASY
Don't worry, Be Happy.
When he swings by, looks like he's peeing.
That needs to be me.
He's my spirit animal!
dog go brrrr
Wow this whole scene was giving sweet summer vibes.
The way the rods just *boop* the ball
That dog lives better than me 😭
Wish I could do that. 
Such a good dog.
Of course this is what a Golden would do.
Doggo Zen 💯
I need a 10 minute loop.
BOAT DOG
I want a noodle pooch!!
This is nice.
I want to die bc he or she is sooooo cute
How is he so calm?
brøthêr
u/vredditshare
DAT doggo do be vibin tho
/u/vredditshare
Oh look, a sub-woofer
This dog is more chill than I have ever been.
Had to comment it was at 666. you guys are welcome
Looks majestic as fuck
I'm impressed that he was able to get up on four of those things.
u/vr3dditdownloader
The see me floating....
Keen to see the setting up footage. Might be hilarious.
Now that is the definition of cold chilling.
remote control waterdog,no on sale at alibaba! 9.99
Doggo is living the best life.  I’m jealous of doggo
u/vredditdownload
BOAT DOG BOAT DOG BOOAAT DOOG
I wish i was this peaceful and zen
Bro the dog straight vibing
He’s just vibing
this is the most therapeutic video online ever, i'll be going back to this every time i want to lift my spirits. :)
I could use some of that 😩
I just love Golden Retrievers.  They're so adorable.
He’s a lucky boy!
BOAT DOG! BOAT DOG! BOAT DOG! BOOOAT DOG
I’m impressed by the dogs ability to wrangle pool noodles without being bipedal enough to stand on the bottom of the pool, coral the noods, and climb on and chill...

Or to be out of the pool and see all four noods lined up perfectly for the 5star dog splash on all four noodles off the top rope
This is SUCH a mood omg.
Boat Dog!   
Boat Dog!    
Boat Dog!    
Bo-o-at Dog!
For a scary moment I thought I was in 
r/unexpected
What a good... solar system!
Is dog dead?
Love it ❤️❤️❤️
That dog is living the life and I'm jealous
/u/vredditshare
This dog is the mood
u/vredditshare
New life goal: own a pool exclusively for doggos. I could spend my entire life and never achieve this level of chill.. Truly he is the chill master.
I know you helped him set this up, but after was he just like, ok.  I'm good.  byeee....
Nobody deserves to kick back and relax as much as this pup
/u/vredditshare
Calm.
 [/u/vredditshare](https://www.reddit.com/u/vredditshare/)
I have never been that zen in my life.  Goals.
u/vredditshare
POOL DOG
POOL DOG
POOL DOG
POOOOL DOG
My brain when attempting to do math problems
Loggo
Living his best life.
I forever strive to achieve that level of chill.
I wish I was that dog
I think we al wish we were that dog
How many times did it take for the doggo to realize the power of the noodle? I would have loved to watch the people putting her/him on there for the first time....
Wow.  My dog would never not be going mental in a pool.  I wish he could chill like this sometimes.
I've never been so jealous of a dog before..
Dog days  of Summer
Please tell me his name is Frankie.
Ah, that's the life.
They see me floatin, they hatin
Funny thing would be if OP suddenly commented that this wasn’t their dog
why did i think this was a slow-mo of the ball being thrown into the pool i-
BE MORE CHILL
That’s me on any glorious pool day
Is that a fake dog?
No shame, this is life at it’s finest lol
Floating, floating, floating. Bloop. Floating, floating.
I've never been more jealous of a doggo.  And in jealous of mine all the time!
slowly drifting...
i am so jealous of that dog right now
Oh my god so cute, I wish I was this relaxed rn
Master yogi 🧘‍♂️
chill af
Anyone know the original source? I need a high res version of this zen pupper. 🐶.
Nice
Gotta video of him getting on the pool noodles?
I want to watch this on loop. It's beautiful.
Perfectly balanced...as all things should be.
This is what I needed in my life right now. Thank you stranger.
He be straight up chillin
I mean what more do you need in life really.
He is float boi
My mom just asked “whose dog is this?”
Good boi
I needed this
Not sure if this is my spirit animal or if it is the sheep that was eating while sleeping.
"It's good to have lannnnnnddddd...", mr. Dog. Probably.
This dog has a better life than most people.
Doggo is just living their best life.
They see me rollin....
I aspire to have so few worries
Does my face look happy, boss said :))
R E L A A A A X (reply if you got the reference)
My dog haaaaates the pool. I wish I could get her as interested as this golden baby.
He seriously has that so damn over 2020 vibe going on.

Absolutely love him!
This is going on my list of demands I intend to include in my will. That I be reincarnated as a golden retriever.
Local dohgo as cool as hek
I want this dog's life! ☀️☀️☀️
I’m jealous!!
This made my day!
I really needed this right now, more than you will ever know. Thank you.
Happy dog
I wish my dog loved the pool, but she’s afraid of water lol
I genuinely wish I could just relax and enjoy myself like this.
Hilarious and cute ❤️
Good pupper does a float
BOAT DOG BOAT DOG BOAT DOG BOOOOAAAAT DOOOG
I'm coming right over. This is the best.
I wish I knew what he’s thinking
This dog is more chill than I’ve been in my whole life. Ever.
r/rarepuppers
How do you get a dog into that position
It must be a pooldle
He’s vibin
That’s so god damn cute
When in dought just sit there and vibe
Can we swap lives?
That dog is livin' his best life.
I could watch this all day
Why’s the poor bb relaxing alone 😭
Do dogs' paws also get soggy like our skin do for being in the pool for too long?
Thank you!  I actually stopped screaming at the news while watching this.
Life goals
He looks so serene
!remindme 1h
I want to feel as much Zen as this dog.
Life doesn't get much better.
he do be ***V I B I N*** tho
Why is this dog living a better life than me
King of the pool.
Dog’s havin the time of his life 😂
This dog has a better life than me and I’m not even mad about it.
He needs a chin rest STAT!
Am I really the only one who was hoping he was moving via rotortail?
Puppets doin a float
Not 1 bark
Best doggie life!!!
Aw so cute I want dog but i can’t be I already have a pet a cat
This dog figured out life
My dog hates water
A very cool pup
That is the coolest thing I've seen all day.
This would make a nice looping screen saver.
If he only had a headrest.
Such grace, such chill
This dog’s life is so much better than mine
Living his best life!
I feel relaxed too just looking at this. Just what I needed! Thank you very much for sharing this and thanks the dog too on my behalf please!
”Cause today I don't feel like doin anything dododo dododo”
What's the pool?
When the dog is richer than you...
I want to be this doggo
How did it even get there
I yearn to reach one tenth this level of chill.
That is a vibe
It’s the face. I’m dying.
so how many treats did this dog get bribed with in order to perch on the pool noodles like that?? I mean dogs are well behaved but i gather treats were involved some way or another.
My arse plays chess.
The dog obviously didn't get on them like that himself, so why you shove pool noodles under your pooch for points?
i hope you thanked the essential workers who got you the chemicals to open the pool
[deleted]
