Because your shoes stink the most like you
My dog does it all the time with my slippers when I go out.  If I’m out for too long he might go and get the other slipper too.  When I come home I find her sleeping with one or two slippers.
That broke my heart a bit!  Needs a friend, I think.  So lonely for daddy...
Dear diary, 

my dearest human has once again vanished without a trace. All i have left to remember them by is a shoe, which i have taken to the couch to sleep with and remember them...
I don't think I could go to work after seeing that.
Had a dog that would curl up in the laundry basket with dirty clothes, which would have been fine but she was a Rottie. Blew out the sides of so many baskets...
That's it. I'm never leaving my dog alone again.
That's enough to make a grown man cry ...... And that's okay
Video broke my heart. Title broke my brain.
That was painful to read
Awwwwwwww!!! We don’t deserve dogs I swear!
God I wish my dog did this and not “mom will love the new aeration holes in her new runners she accidentally left out while going to work to pay for my absolutely adorable ass who is worth it” which she is.... or so I tell myself.
r/titlegore
This is why I say all pets need a sibling. When I rescued my cat Ashi off the streets and went to work he would cry at the door for a solid half hour. Once we rescued another cat he has stopped. Now he can play and cuddle with someone as only another cat can. The get along great!
Dogs are the best!
This makes me super sad knowing that I'm currently on a three week trip away from my dogs
My heart!
Must not chew. Must not chew... mmm.
Awwww his face looks so sad  😥
This is both uplifting and heartbreaking at the same time. What a good boy.
Nah he just loves feet stank.
That’s just like my cat!  When ’m out, my cat shits all over my clothes.
Lexy! Don’t worry everyone, she is not sad. She usually carries around Bruce, her stuffed shark. Lexy_the_elderbull on Instagram.
"Sir, can you tell me why you suddenly quit your job and are applying for welfare?"

*Shows video*

"...Your first check will be sent next Wednesday."
The awww award for 2020 goes to 'dogo missing owner sleeping by owner shoe'.
I wish I could have a dog
I’m not crying, you’re crying
r/titlegore
I'm sitting at a bar rn, and this made me realize I need to go home because my cats probably miss me. I miss them too. I'm going home.
Such preciousness
I feel my heart crack.
Pittyful. In a good way!
ESL or machine translated I hope.
Underwear was my dog’s favorite.
Precious! That is a struggle snuggle. Right now, one of my goldens has two separate tennis shoes and a Birkenstock on the sofa. She just picks up shoes, socks, or random clothes to sleep on. I love it.
r/ihadastroke
r/ihadastroke
My dog does this with my dirty laundry. I kept coming home to find dirty laundry in my front hall, right by the front door. Set up a camera and found out that within minutes of my leaving the house for the day, my dog was picking an item out of the laundry hamper and carrying it to the door, where she'd sleep with it.
Had a stroke trying to read the title
/r/titlegore
Is this a repost bot? The broken possessiveness and tense is so consistently wrong in this title, it almost seems purposeful.
We don’t deserve animals.
Omg made me tear up.  Dogs are so good
We don’t deserve dogs
r/wholesome
Lol my dog used to do this when he was a pup.  He wouldnt get just one tho, it would be all the shoes he could get.  Never chewed them, just made a shoe fort every day
We don’t deserve dogs.
I'm over here cause my dog bit me when I tried to take his toy😭
Now I never want to leave my dog alone again...
/r/titlegore
Neat. My dog eats mine if I leave them out. Does picking up leathery turds for a week count?
Cute, but r/titlegore
That title gave me a headache.
First, I want to saw daww.  
Second, I want to say, it looks like English might not be your first language. I completely understood you, which is why I think you did a great job, but in case you want to learn more English:  
"**This surveillance camera catch the moment a dog took his owner shoe and sleep beside this showing how much he miss his owner meanwhile he was at work"**

Is more grammatically correct as:  
**"This surveillance camera caught the moment a dog took his owner's shoe to sleep with, showing how much he missed his owner while he was at work."**  
And could be better phrased as:  
**"While his owner was at work, this dog was caught on camera taking a shoe to sleep with, showing how much he missed him."**

The hardest aspect isn't the verb tenses (catch vs caught, miss vs missed), but actually the number of clauses in the sentence, and the overuse of pronouns. When you say "he missed his owner while he was at work" it becomes ambiguous if the owner or the dog is at work. (common sense is why everyone can read this).  


Again, I don't mean any insult, and disregard if you're not interested.
Did I have a stroke reading that?
Working a double tomorrow. Abandonment guilt building..
We don't deserve dogs man
That dog is a sweetheart!
So, what does it mean when a cat is constantly using your clothes as a litter box but no others. My aunt has a friend that stays with her, and her cat is constantly doing this to only his things.
My sister’s in law dog? Is that how you say my wife’s sister’s dog? How does that work. Anyway. RILEY does this with said owner’s socks and oh boy it’s super cute but not as cute is this.
We have a seven year old pup that does this too. It's pretty cute, until you're late for work trying to find your other shoe....
quit your job rn. go home.
Get an animal that lives in packs. Be all the animal knows. Leave him hours on end alone. "Oh so cute, the dog misses all he knows in his solitary confinement. Such love. Much cuteness".
Get a home office 😂
Beautiful video, but r/titlegore.
My friend's dog will always bring a shoe from the hallway as a gift whenever people come to visit, it's very sweet!
I’ll always wear the same sweatshirt to bed the week before a work trip to leave for my dog to cuddle while I am gone. The pictures of him snuggled into it are always so heartbreaking.
One more example of why we don’t deserve dogs.
What the camera didn’t catch is the dog’s secret life of being a breakdancer..
Poor guy is lonely
😩 why doesn’t anyone love me like this
I used to leave my underwear for my pup to feel comfortable while I was at work. Eventually I realized that it's just not fair to leave a little guy alone for 8-10 hours a day so I forked up the cash for a dog walker to come by the apartment and take him for nice walk in the afternoon everyday. She was awesome and she would just take him with her while she walked all her other dogs too so he ended up making a ton of friends and getting to hang out with ppl and dogs all day while I was at work. Then he got more walkies with me after work.
r/titlegore
Kinda cute but a little bit sad
I have said it before. We do not deserve dogs.
Our boy [Foggy](https://i.imgur.com/xg5E2gg.jpg) (1.5 years old Staffy mix) walks around with my wifes socks from the laundry. Doesn't harm them in any way, just a comfort thing for him.
You need to quit and go home right now!
Awwwwww! How sweet!
My cat is constantly curling up with my shoes.
We don't deserve dogs
My heart!
That is the sweetest thing.
My pit bull does this with shirts. We don’t deserve them 😭
This is why I can never install an indoor camera at my house. I would just get so sad watching my puppers be lonely
My heeeaaaaarrrrtttt 😩💕
Does doggie put it back?
Man...if I could I would take my pups to work with me.  Then we could hang out all the time...
My dog does this! We call him a shoe dragon. You can tell what parent he’s loving more based on the number of shoes in the bed that day. He also uses it to learn about visitors. So if someone sleeps over, he’ll steal their shoes to get to know them overnight.
My dog does this with all shoes - whenever we have guests we inevitably find ourselves running around the house looking for a shoe that she ran off with
Is this why our cat likes to lay on top our shoes??
i would quit my job.
Don't let him fool you with that sad act. He saving a snack for later.
My dog would have just eaten the shoe.
Maybe the dog is inhaling another dog turd that the owner stepped on during one of their walk?
My dog does the same thing with my shoe when I go upstairs. Like, bruh... Just come to my bedroom.
Bout had an aneurysm trying to read that caption..
Stuff like this makes me forget how lonely I am with a dog
Sweet pupper❤
Well sign me up for walfare
I used to find my socks in my dog’s bed and I thought it was kind of sweet that he wanted to sleep with something that had my scent on it. Then I found a new Swiffer pad in his bed and realized he was just weird.
This is so sad!
That chonker really had to think about hopping up on the couch.
What did we do to deserve dogs ?
Humans don't deserve dogs.
/r/titlegore
Because dogs track time until you come back by how much your scent fades.   It's why dogs can anticipate when someone's coming home.

In this doggo's mind, this makes it seem like you're still there.
My dog would have destroyed the shoe to *teach* me a lesson for leaving him. ASK ME _HOW_ I KNOW.
Oh my heart. 
STAHP. 
Too many feels. Omg. Baby girl misses her papa. 
I’m not crying... I’m not crying... 
I’m not cry-YEAH I AM.
When we got a new bed a few years back, we discovered a literal nest of our “missing” clothing. The dog had been dragging it under the bed to sleep with, it was a semi-circle with a Labrador-size crevice in the middle.
JUST QUIT YOUR DAMN JOB ALREADY, YOU MONSTER
r/titlegore
This is either a very shitty bot or someone with very interesting english skills. (the title, not the video)
This title hurt my head
Why are dogs so dang perfect?
My dog does this with any of my clothes and it makes me so sad. He doesn't touch my wife's or daughters stuff at all
Mm mmm mm. The grammar in this world is just stellar.
I had a stroke trying to read the title
Dogs are too good for us. Fuck this is cute as fuck.
Omg,......I love dogs....and my puppy loves me.
My poodle acts like every time we step out even for 15 minutes its like we've been gone an eternity and she has a hopping skipping reaction each time we come back. My other older boy loves to sleep in a nest of our clothes. If he doesn't have any he finds them from the laundry and puts it in his bed..
We don't deserve dogs 😭
Oh holy shit, my dog used to do the same (RIP Tuna best boi)
My dog does this as well and brings our shoes to her bed. At the end of the day she'll  have half a dozen shoes and sometimes she sleeps with her snout in them.
r/titleporn

Edit: Clearly I have been drinking

&#x200B;

r/titlegore
Maybe that’s because one day alone for a dog is like seven days alone for a human..
My cat pisses in my shoes.

 Checkmate dog lovers!!
My old dog use to do that with all my shoes. Never tore them up but they'd all be on the couch when i got home.
and my cat won't even acknowledge my existence most days...
Both my pitties do this, and it melts my heart.
Of course it is a pit. Best dogs to ever walk the earth.
My mom did this with her first dog. She had an old shoe that she always took with her when she went out with the dog. When she couldn’t take the dog she would leave the shoe with him. He knew she would come back for the shoe so he would wait for her.
No way that house hippo was going to for sure snack on that shoe later
Adidas, must be Russian
This just finished my decision. I want a dog but I work too much. It would be so sad all the time without me. I'll just stick with my cats
Because dogs being on house arrest all the time amd call them pets !! Thy get depressed and sad thats not funny
Reading this title make me brain pain
Brb. Crying.
We dont deserve dogs they're too good and pure for this world
r/titlegore
Horrendous title.  Super cute content.  The Redditor's Choice:  do I upvote?
Adidas superstars are still my favorite show to this day.
We really don't deserve dogs as companions.
That's so sweet 😭
Awww! 😭😍
Such a lovely dog <3
That is just a brutal headline.
Is it legal in US to leave your dog alone while at work?
I don't think I could every go to work again if I saw this!
Poor baby
And this why i won't get a dog. Because I work full time and it's not fair
I think the title may have been written by the dog
Awww how sweet! At least he's not eating the shoe!
That title makes my eyes scratch
/r/titlegore
Don't want to shame anyone here as I don't know the situation with this video. Inconvenient truth, however, if you live alone and are gone regularly for more than 10 hours a day with your large dog locked inside, they're not living their best life. Doggie daycare for the win in cases like this.
I just had to leave my pitbull with my family as I move cross country. Hands down one of the hardest things I’ve done in the last 5 years.
r/titlegore
I swear it’s a very pittie thing. Out pitbull used to always grab my coat from the chair and drape it over himself on the couch when I was away. He was such a sweetie, just like this pibble 🥺
Is this why people are compelled to take their pets to the store and literally everywhere else with them?
It's ok buddy, they'll be home soon!
When my dog was a small puppy (like fit in your palm small) he would sleep on my shoes, or next to them with his little head inside while I was at work 

(Dont worry GF was Home with home when he was puppy)
Pitbulls are the best
Worst part is, dogs don’t know if you’re leaving to the grocery store or leaving overseas for a long trip. They don’t know when you’ll be back
Can anyone say me the race of the dog?
Had a Doberman Shepherd mix who would curl up directly in the laundry basket while we were at work. Don’t know how he made himself fit, but he was like that virtually every day we would get home.
Reminds me when I came home to my puppy doing this :'(

 [https://i.imgur.com/lIlHnbt.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/lIlHnbt.jpg) 

I'm not crying, you're crying
What a sweet boi 😍 ... and it's sad they get a bad reputation. A wonderful loving breed🤗!
That's precious!
We do not deserve dogs
Everyone liked that.
r/titlegore
Precious! Our animals show a love for us beyond what humans can do at times.
Well, dogs do live life seven times faster, so if his owner was at work for 10 hours, that would be almost 3 days to the dog
This is the best thing I've ever seen.
Jeezus, get him a fucking kitten.
My pittie loves sleeping in my dirty clothes pile.  Whenever I can't find him, that's where he is.
Aaand this is why my sister and I switched to only owning cats from now on. Our poor doggie is like this (and worse, he has bad separation anxiety) and we just can't take it, it tears our heart up, and we can't put another dog through it. Our cats on the other hand sleep peacefully and barely notice when we come home but still provide loving cuddles when we settle down.

&#x200B;

Please don't get a dog if you work long hours and someone isn't home for them.
That shoe stinks probably more than this title
This title reads like it's written by a bot with a brand new account.
All workplaces need dog accommodations.
Pitties are the best doggos!
I grew up with a Black Labrador Retriever who would steal underwear from the laundry room, take it to her bed, and sleep with it while we were away.

I mean ewww, but also, awwww.
He's getting his walking shoes ready for when his owner gets home from work. Walkie after workie! 🐶🐾🐾🐾
Or he just wanted an after nap snack!

^I've ^lost ^a ^couple ^shoes ^to ^my ^Lab
My dog does this constantly. Doesn’t chew on my shoes, just hoards them on the couch or bed.
I would tell my manager there's a family emergency no time to explain I'm going home
Man.. I think I would quit my job just so my dog doesn't feel alone if she does this.. thankfully she just destroys them so we good.
My dog loved my sandals and slippers! I miss you my Rosie girl
The dog roasted the owner hard
Our Jack did this everyday.. we'd come home to 4 or 5 shoes on the sofa, man I miss that boy.
Sweet doggo!
Too cute! What will daddy sleep with if puppy's away for the night?
This is adorable! All my cat does is yell at me like I should of never left in the first place.
Dogs are too good for us 😭
left out the bit where the dog chews the shoe up
Pretty sure they just want to chew on it after their nap
Human's truly don't deserve dogs. Too good for us
That was kind of sad
That's so cute
Oh wow, this brings me back. I had a dog growing up that slept on a old lazy boy recliner. Every night she would grab a fresh shoe from the front hall to sleep with. Even if the shoe from the previous night was still there, she grabbed a new one.
Gotta get the puppy a buddy.  Always best to get them in pairs, that way they always have someone.
Such unconditional love.   What we all yearn for but so few find (from other humans).  That’s why dogs are the best.
Further proof of their pet superiority.
I could never leave my house without him again
What a sweet boye xD
My dogs do this when I'm already with them. Can't imagine what they do when we're gone
:’)
We don’t deserve Dogs.
Things like this make me soooooo glad that I get to take my boy with me to work every day ❤️
We don't deserve animals
I'm not crying, you're crying.
His Adidas.
Walk through concert doors
And roam all over coliseum floors
...my heart...
My dog does this everyday. Right in front of me. While I'm still there and going nowhere!
B
Man that dog is overweight. Poor boi needs some walkies
owner's
I used to find my sneakers in my dogs bed or my bed all the time. She would chew the lace caps a bit but that’s it. However she did shred some flip flops. She doesn’t steal footwear anymore but will grab a sock when she wants attention. 

This is so cute.
Dogs are just too pure for this world
I'm not crying, you're crying!
Is so sad. 😭😭😭
My girl used to love to stick her entire face in my shoes and then wrestle them
my heart 💔
🥺🥺❤️
My Maine Coon cat sleeps on my dirty laundry when I'm not home (and sometimes even when I am home).  The smellier the better so I leave my 'yardwork' clothes on the floor next to the laundry basket so that he'll have somewhere to lay.
Aww little buddy. What a sweet peach.
My dog used to do this! Except I didn't have a camera so I'd come home to find my shoe in random places.
Aww so cute! One of our kitties puts her toys in our shoes by the door when we're out. Or sometimes I would find them in my work bag.
Wait, is that why one of my shoes was always missing, moved halfway across the house, but never actually chewed up?
Why u got 2 due dis OP
A shoe is all my mans had to go off of
Man, I hate the bad rep pit bulls (and similar breeds) have gotten. Raised right, they're some of the sweetest and loving puppers out there.
This is so sweet. Makes me want a dog even more now 😭
Good Boi
Over christmas, we had to leave our dog in the garage at my partner's sister's house and every morning we would come in, one of my shoes and one of my partners shoes was in his bed.
Stinky in the most bestest way. SNERRGHH. Heavy sigh. I love you and all your shoes . • sighs in dog•
If I leave my shoes out I’ll always come home to one or both scattered in my house but never chewed up. I wonder if my boys do this too
That’s cute. My little demon just eats my shoes.
Do we all smell like our feet? Ugh
Such sensitive souls
I love them meatheads.
I wish someone missed me like this
Bing bong bing bong booooong
My heart! Holy hell i just can't
Where is the gofundme so this owner can quit working and stay home every day with this sweet lonely doggie?
My doggo does similar things he takes my jeans or sweatshirt and drags them downstairs to lay with
Hello, boss? Yes I cant come in today on account of my dog is heartbroken without me. You understand of course
 We don't deserve dogs
This reminds me of Seymour. Such a good boy.
One of my cats goes for my used shirts at the pits when when I'm right there.
Awww
I will never not upvote this! Melts my heart
He just sees a toy.. his thinking is too limited for him to hold an object belonging to his owner and hug it while waiting for him, although there are some relatively smart dogs but most of the time owners just over-analyse and overreact because it sounds more aww, boo me all you want but humans like to think of their animals as children who understand their words but they simply don't, try saying how much you love it loudly with an aggressive tone and it will look "guilty" as you like to think, tell it it's a disgusting piece of shit in a calm friendly tone while giving it rubs and it will shake the tail and put it's tongue out.
My dog will sleep with her nose inside my shoe for some reason.
I set up cameras inside (prior to installing outside) to see my dog’s routine - I was glad to see he was his normal, happy self. And a buy resentful that I was stuck at work and he was living it up. 

Jump back in my bed after I leave for a long nap. Walk the house and survey out the windows. Check on his brother in his crate. Nap on the couch. Then another couch. Bark out the window for a bit. Nap on another couch. Have a snack. Check on brother. Find a sunny spot for another nap. Wake up and come greet me when he hears the garage open
GET YO ASS BACK HOME, MY G
My friend works from home now and she says her dog is so sick of her smothering him haha
This could be a drunk driving commercial.. ugh my heart
[deleted]
Is it weird that I want cameras more to spy on my dog than for protection?
I'm not crying.  You're crying!!!
Dogs are so cuuuute !
So adorable :)
Plot twist: the owner is dead
Just wait, little guy, they'll be back soon.
This is so sweet.
Should x post this to velvet hippos
This is so freaking sad!
My old pitty Natcho (RIP) used to do this all the time! Never chewed them, we’d just rando find our shoes on his bed. Man I miss that dog. Who the eff is cutting onions up in here?
Damn
So cute
Take that back Double Damn
This pup got up on the couch like mine does! It always makes me giggle. What a sweet dog.
The thought of what my cat did all day used to sadden me, since he is always at the door meowing at me like crazy when I get home. 

Then I quarantined for 3 months. I knew cats slept 18 hours a day. I never knew what that really looked like.
My dog does this with my shirts to a point that I make sure there is one out for him to "find"
Damn. So you even speak what you wrote. Fuck.
Best friend you could ever fucking have
Aww, pibbies. Mine is right here.
And now he has to work from home.
That’s so fucking CUTE
If you're going to get a dog or a cat, GET TWO
Awwwwwwww I love staffies. Mine curls up in my laundry basket in my closet like that. Best breed rver
im not crying. you're crying!
Wow cute
Dogs are just wonderful.
My dog does the exact same
Why can’t my puppy do this without destroying it first?!?!
r/titlegore
Hmm maybe that’s why my shoes are always in the living room when I get home from work. I’m going to go hug my dog now
We don't deserve dog
Aw my heart.
My dog only grabs my other pair of shoes when I come home, like "This is you! This is you!"
Presh
Or he just wants a snack.
Could also just like the shoe though.
The dog be like, "Felt cute, might tear it later!"
I’m gonna say it awwwww
The greatest friend one could ask for
AAWWWWWWWW
I’m dead, because this killed me with cute.
Was it the left shoe?
My dog does the same while I'm away. Just watching this video makes me smile and breaks my heart at the same time.
Not gonna chew, just gonna sleep by the shoe 😁
Awwww..that's a momma pupper having serious feels! Soooo sweet!
We don’t deserve dogs
Damn karma farming accounts. Where are mods when you need them?
Something about this isn’t right, but I can’t put my finger on it.
My female dogs does that with my husband’s shoe

My male dog gets defensive of my shoe so he never lets her grab mine
Simultaneously breaks my heart and warms it. Dogs are the best.
My dog did this same thing with my dad’s PJ bottoms. Poor thing has anxiety problems.
Damn this hit me hard.
Pit bulls really are tormented by their emotions. I housed a loving rescue for a bit in college with my GF of the time and they are by far the most emotional animal I’ve experienced
No schnoodle?
r/subredditsimulator
One of my girl mama dogs does this with my socks, when I AM there.
This is pure love ❤️
My dog used to do the same thing with my underwear
Growing up my friends golden retriever would do this when they left! They would come home from trips and the dog would have put one of everyone's shoes in a circle on the parents bed and sleep in the middle
My heart 😭
My dog gets into the hamper and chews up my underwear when I leave.
This is why I can't bring myself to get a dog, as much as I'd love to have a dog.  There would be times when I'd have to be separate from my dog and I just can't hurt their feelings like that.
 Nice
Oh! Poor buddy!
That title is so cringeworthy
Mdr
💔
Imma gonna downvote for the spelling in the title but that dog is still adorable.
My dog takes my Chapstik off of the night stand, gently pulls the top off and sleeps next it...because it smells like my kisses. ❤️
Or get a chew rope and rub it all over to get your scent and leave that. My black lab just keeps it always close when I’m away.
That title...yikes.
That’s really sweet but that dog is so overweight
Pitties are one of the most smartest dog breeds I love them
Man those black and white Stan smiths are hard to find though pup
Me and my dog both like this one blanket because it smells like both of us 😊
So sweet 😍
My rottie does this with my socks.
Am I the only one who thinks dogs can’t feel human emotions? Downvote if you disagree.
Dogs don't know the difference between weekends and week days.  They just know that some day you love them and some days you hate them.
I work overnights and my dog will pull down the blanket and sheets to sleep on my side of the bed and pillow at night.  Sometimes he’ll grab socks and underwear for that extra spice. 😂
This made me cry
That is just so adorable. :D
Yeah, doggo is lonely
TOO PURE
My golden doofus used to steal my shoes and take them outside.  I think the shit head figured out that I need shoes to leave
This title belongs in r/titlegore
My dachshund does this with my underwear. lol thank his he doesn’t chew on them. He just grumbles when they are taken away. Lol
My pitbull takes his favorite blanket from the living room, takes it to the bedroom and sleeps on my side of the bed. 

When I open the door he runs out still tangled in the blanket and when I go in the bedroom my side of the bed is all warm and it really crushes my heart

He's the sweetest dog I've ever met in my life.
Our dog does this too. She is very attached to my father, and whenever he goes to market, she sleeps on the top of his slippers, even if he goes out for just 5-10 min. Dogs really are the most amazing ones.
I had a pitty that would steal one shoe as soon as I walked in the door, and hide it. He thought if he took one shoe I couldn't leave, not knowing I had 347 pairs of shoes!!! I miss Vito❤️
Arrgh! My heart broke!
If my dog show this kind of love ever.. he probably be waking up with some water droplets on his face.
Awww
Well shit...that's fuckin' sweet.
You just know by the way he did it that he’s not supposed to be on that sofa too! Love it
My cat loves dirty socks and shoes
My God that title
why does this cut so deep
Imma go cry now
r/Wholesomememes
Golden
I wonder if when you leave they think you died or vanished into thin air
Dont cry, dont cry, dont cry, dont-
r/titlegore
My heart....
I'm not friggin bawling my eyes out. you are. 😭
:,)
🙏👌
Family runs a boarding kennels, if you’re ever leaving your dog alone somewhere uncomfortable, leave a recently worn tshirt with them, they’ll appreciate it.
My lab does this with my socks. Love him so much
If you're going to regularly be away from a dog then you should at least have a second one so they don't get lonely like this.
Aaaand I'm crying. Thanks.
She looks like she is still nursing, or has been recently. Her pups were probably taken away, for many reasons that could run from vet check to sold them, so she is bonding with a shoe. My dog use to bond with a rubber strawberry that GOD HELP you if you ever squeaked it. She'd act like you were killing her babies. She was never bred....lol
What kind of dog is that? Looks huge but docile.
aweee  :)) our dog does this too
How much we underestimate animals and dont respect and give them credit. Thankfully now the owner can understand this and love this critter instead of being angry at why his shoe is on the couch. Very sweet
That’s not love. That’s Stockholm Syndrome
Imagine the big hug this owner must have given his pup when he returned home after watching this.❤️❤️❤️
title gore
Cute video and all... But I think I had a stroke reading that.
That title is horrendous. It's like explaining open a joke in a post that doesn't even include a joke. Or was it perhaps for the blind?
Jfc what is that title? What a rollercoaster ride!
Had to comment the count was 666
my dog uses my shoe so he doesn't bite me or people who come to my house because he can't hold his excitement in and he doesn't want to bite
This is why I don’t want a dog. Unless I work from home or I am retired I don’t want a dog.
We need to learn from dogs and be about the love
Dogs are wolves with Williams syndrome.
This is definitely a female, pregnant dog though right???
The dog needs the biggest of hugs!!
Who’s a good girl? You are!
Covid-19 is a blessing for pets
My dog does that all the time I’m not home
My dogs do this
I would never be able to go to work again after seeing this 😭
My dogs literally sleep on the shoes out by the door.
This is why I am so torn between having a dog and not having one. Sometimes I think we don't deserve them.
An “aww” moment, but that is a lot of hours for a creature with so much love to give to be alone...
I don’t even have a dog and I wanna go home and hug my dog. My cat will suffice. Til she scratches me in the face again.
Must be a shoe from Shoe-la-la.
So sweet
Very sweet.
Meanwhile at work.
this is why you should have 2 dogs   - to keep each other company
Everybody liked that
I feel my heart crack...
My best friends dog does this lmao
Dogs are so needy
I so happy
I was having a good day.  
We were ALL having a good day.  
WHY ARE YOU LIKE THIS?!?
We've caught our dog doing this. He likes to use our shoes as pillows, and loves laying in the dirty laundry. He'll even spread it out to make a bed.
Poor sweet pup. My dog just started doing the same thing, I think she's gotten too used to me being home because of covid 😭 guess I'm never leaving my house again without her.
Such sad 😭
r/titlegore
I hope his human didn’t get mad when he came home and found his shoe on the couch. Your dog was missing you, is all.
My dog will always gravitate towards any clothes I may have on the floor and insist on sleeping on it.
To us, they're just a small part of our lives. To them, we are their whole lives. A dog's unconditional love for their owner is not to be underestimated
good boy! Getting on the couch was a struggle though! LOL
This video show a pers take a video they find online and who’re to karma it
My heart
This is almost what my cat does. She sleeps on our shoes if we come home and don't put them in the show closet right away. I think she thinks if she is laying on them, we can't leave home. xD
🥺🥺🥺
Now sure which is cuter: the broken English relating the universally of value placed on love for creatures not even in our gene pool (defying our "evolutionary imperative") or the video itself.
My Golden did this notoriously. She died in November, but this gave me a happy memory! 

You couldn’t take your shoes off briefly without one of them going missing. We called her “the Shoe Dragon” and she took all the shoes behind the coach in a nest. She snuck in like to steal the shoes- and it actually worked.
Wholesome 100
Proof that dogs are better than people
After several passes I think I understand. But now I have a headache
Probly smells of dog shit! :)
My rescue dog did that one time the first or second  week that  I brought her home. Then she stopped doing it. I hope that means she knows I'll always come home, and not because she doesn't miss me anymore! Haha
Dogs are such loving gentle creatures, we don’t deserve them
We. Don't. Deserve. Dogs.
I'm sorry but I did not subscribe to this sub so that I could cry
This is so beautiful
I hope the dog can go outside while his owner is gone.
 Something wrong with this video its all watery
Bet he tore it up a couple seconds later...
He obviously loves chewing shoes and loves sleeping with his chew toys.

Source: am dog
Awww
This is why I have unlimited internet allowance so I can put music or videos on for my pets
Or he just wanted to protect his new chew toy.
We had a dog that raided trash cans for used feminine hygiene products to ferociously munch on.
They carried it so gingerly by the laces... My heart...
This is vital in why you must do 2 things for your dog when away.

1) Reduce General Separation Anxiety

2) Have sources of enrichment to fight boredom and keep mental stimulation


Your unscathed furniture will thank you.
Dogs dont deserve us..
This is what love is
Good chonk
Whens the lats time you aaw argentium?
Needed a sun blocker for his favorite spot on couch.
This title requires a translation from invalid to person.
Dogs are better than people
What did we do to deserve them!!
That’s so sad. If I get a pet I’m going to get them a friend too.
We don’t deserve them
*I luff you.  Where did you go?*
Nah it's a pitt, he ate the owner and that's his trophy.
My dog does this while I am at home 🤣
Super frustrating always looking for one shoe
What the fuck is this title lmao
I need to get a surveillance cam because my pupper will take whatever smells the most like me and chews the shit out of it too!
That made my day,thanks
This is the most poorly written fucking title. Jesus christ..
Godzilla tried to read this post and he fuckin died
tell me why I thought this said something about dog taking his own life before I saw the r/aww title
What a sweet velvet hippo
I can feel my heart crack
First Time I ever said aww to one of these posts
I’m not crying, you’re crying.
Pleeeease can I get a r/MasterReturns with this dog so my heart can be whole again
aww
I can’t take it
Wow my dog do the same thing 😆 so cool
we don't deserve dogs.
Man my fucken heart
“Ima chew this up if he ain’t back by 5”
This so sad.
And cute.

"I feel my heart crack"
Once I came home and my dog was wearing a pair of my underwear...
Omg this is too cute love it
Or he just likes the damn shoe.
My cat cuddles with my sandals even when I'm in the room. She's weird.
Hard to tell in the video, but if it's a female, she might suffer from false pregnancy :/
I have shoes like this that my dog carries around
My parent's cat does this, she sleeps on their "spots" on the couch when they are both out of the house
This is really cute but it breaks mah heart!
THIS SHIT GOT ARGENTIUM
I wish that less people were allergic to dogs and cats.

That way we could bring them to some work places.

They’re really like family honestly. This just shows even more evidence of that.
WE SO DO NOT DESERVE DOGS. OMG.
Its enough to make a grown man cry
I know women like this. I'm missing a couple hoodies.
If you ask me, the dog looks like he is using it to block the sun on his eyes. The sun light coming off the windows.
So precious...
Dude... learn to write, or ask for help
😭😭😭😭😭 OH MY GOSH!!!
His so sad! He needs a pet!
My dog used to fill his bed with our shoes. The smellier trainers the better. And rollerblades too.
Dogs are too good for us
That grammar ಠ\_ಠ
Welp, it’s final. We all have to work from home for the rest of our lives. Easy fix.
“Camera caught the moment a dog got his owner’s shoe to sleep beside while he missed his owner at work.”
That dog is overfed.
We frequently will find a specific pair of my husband's shorts in our dog's bed. He doesn't chew it up, just sleeps with it. It's  really sweet.
Holy heckers that's got me right in the feels.
Quarantine must have been a blessing for him!
So cute
That’s not aww, that’s plain sad...
Well done karmabot.
This is the first r/aww post that made me actually go aww!
r/titlegore
14d old account 22k karma; something's afoot!
OKAY I CRY
My dog must *really* love me if he’s eating all my shoes
...or he's getting ready to chew it later.
No, this is [69 year old Hugo](https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/hion5y/comment/fwihdpi)
It's enough to make a grown man cry...

... And thats okay!
Snacc time
My dog do the same thing but with my tshirt
This reminds me of my cat. She wont sleep unless she has something that has our scent on it. We usually give her a shirt after we have worn it. But with covid now and the risk of infecting her one of us will have a shower, wear a shirt for an hour then give it to her if she doesnt already have one by her to sleep with.
I would quit my job the minute I saw that footage.
Defending? I'm not defending anything.
My pittie loves to pile my shoes on my bed when I am at work. When I come home he will be all cracked out with his face stuffed in a boot sleeping in some awkward position looking like he just won the lottery.
My situation is the opposite, my girl has passed some days ago and I curl up in her bed and I try to comfort myself with her scent 😢 The world has gotten empty and lifeless
Could it be possible that dogs chewing shoes is then actually a sign of affection?
i cri
My dog does the same but with a T-Shirt on my bed. She lays on it
Ninjas are cutting onions again
I can feel my heart cracks
Awww. We don't deserve the.
❤
I'm sitting alone at work on an 11 hour shift and my dog is alone at home. Now I want to cry...
Luckily for me nerve damage meant I had to stop working now I spend all by time with my dog
My dog does the same thing
Not my dog
Chew the fuck out of it
My ex’s dog used to do this with my shoes. That dog was the cutest.
My WIFE wouldn’t even do this.

(But that I get.)
THATS SO CUTE 😔😔😔😔😔😔😔❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕
When your parents say you cant have a dog and you can easily take over and make them buy a dog but u decide to wait so you can have the dog all to yourself.   
Oh yeah this is big brain time
NOW I understand what my cat is doing!
Ow. My Heart
Jesus Christ this title
What language is this, chinese-karma-farmerian?
More like: "Camera captures moment when dog realizes owner can't yell at him for taking his shoe while he is at work- and rests with said trophy until his owner's return."

xD
My heart...
I quit my job if I see this shit
We need a 20 hour work week.  
Video says it all.
This means u gott quit your job and be with this dog all day everyday..
Oh That's so sad.
He likes to chew the shoe
Thanks, I can never leave my dog home alone now.
One of the reasons I'll never get a dog. No living thing should ever feel that much love for me.
Dog's gotta take it easy with those sneakers, they're not easy to come by anymore...
Time to cry
My dog does this, only he takes the insoles out before he sleeps with the shoes!
If my dog chews up the shoe instead, what’s that mean?
I had a dog that would sleep on my shoes. Then she got older and decided the pillow was much nicer.
Do not fall for this! It makes your wife think you just kick your shoes off all over the place
This may have been written already but i read something the other day that really hit me so Im going to share it again. Someone said that dogs eat their owners shoes because it it is the last thing they see their owners put on before they leave the house. Eat the shoe, stop the the owners from leaving -  i mean it s pretty solid tactic.
we don't deserve dogs
😭my poor heart💔
e . I  I a good night to ya yw a know ya ya damn
r/titlegore
Our first family dog, a mutt, got into my wife's closet and destroyed every left foot high heel shoe. About 20 shoes, leaving her with none.  Fortunately she had just quit the bank job and was working in manufacturing so no need for heels, so he lived.  He would drag out a piece of cord wood and chew it to slivers in a day. 

Our current dog, a cute little Boston loves to drag my underwear out of the bedroom and gnaw on them in the front room. Never chews anything that isn't his.
I cry
Terrible day for rain
Something about this use of “moment” bugs me
time to quit your job
he would love my climbing shoes, which i wear without socks
Hachiko
"fOr a tHoUSaNd sUMmERs, i wILl wAIt FOr YOu!"
Ohhhh my heart ❤
Awww... my dog does this too
So adorable
*This surveillance camera catches the moment a dog takes his owner’s shoe and sleeps beside it, showing how much he misses him while he is at work. 

You’re welcome.
My heart just broke a bit
My cat lays on my shoes every day when i come home and take them off
What this doesn't show is that he proceeds to chew and tear apart that poor shoe
This is adorable.
Dogs need a companion. Get two dogs at least.
Dogs are amazing
Even my Husband never did anything as sweet!
my dog used to take out all of my cloths out of the closet trying to find me while i was at work xD
My heart :)
I'm Not crying You Are!!
i work at a doggy daycare and boarding facility and we have this dog come in sometimes who has an owner belonging item that's a single shoe. i asked one of our managers one time why he has a shoe in his kennel and she told me that it was his owner's who passed away about a year ago
/u/vredditshare
Oh God this is so relatable for me when I miss someone.. I always try to find something of theirs and hold it close ..
🥺
This is lexy\_the\_elderbull on Instagram! She's such a sweetie and a champion for her breed!
pIt BuLlS aRe ViCiOuS dOgS
I weep for our education system. Where the hell did you learn English? Ask for your money back.
Exhibit 9,876 why dogs are the best.
The moment I see this headline I made my head hurt because there's no punctuation meanwhile I'm drinking a vitamin water i like vitamin water the pomegranate one is my favorite hi reddit.
Big pitbulls really are the sweetest dogs
Pitbulls that are sad for temporary reasons are the most adorable thing on the planet
People need to buy 2 dogs or else it’s just cruel. I get it if you have a housewife or kids, but this shouldn’t be allowed. This is what this poor dog deals with everyday. His owner is his world. People are losing their minds staying home in quarantine and this poor dog has to stay home alone and doesn’t have anything to do
Wtf is this title 

Get to the point and use better grammar
We don't deserve dogs. Period. Now if you'll excuse me, I have to go remind my dog that he is the best boy...
Doggos are MANKIND’s Best Friends
We don't deserve dogs.
God damned onion ninjas
How did we deserve dogs?!
This isn’t my dog and I decided to quit my job or anything that represents leaving this doggo alone
[deleted]
We don't deserve dogs
Pibble <3
Awww put him in a diet.
