He looks so focused

“No one better mess with my fawn...”
The mom came back with a dog standing over it?
Meanwhile, mom spent the day stealing the herd.
"Listen linda, I wasn't being paid to babysit your kid all day. I mean she is cute and all but dang."

But for real, super cute.
The very definition of AWW!
This is so awesome.
r/dogswithjobs
How did the motherdeer react to your dog?
I came here expecting to see Friday Night Dinner jokes since Wilson in the picture looks exactly the same as Wilson in the show, but damn there are none
I have no words for how sweet this is. Have anymore pics?
So that's where Wilson goes when Jim loses him
Wilson is packing some heat.
#“WILLLLLLSOOOOOON!”
Heeler mix is best boi!  :)
‘Wilson, remaaaiiinn’
Is nobody going to mention that Wilson is the exact same looking dog as Wilson from Friday Night Dinner? No? Okay
Alright, who wants to take a crack at a Schnoodle?
We could/should learn a lot from this animals behavior. Hope he gets many treats and pats.
Thank you for leaving it for mom to return. I saw a post yesterday where someone "found" an abandoned fawn and put it in their car to take to a sanctuary.  We see them like this often in my neighborhood when the babies drop, I've never see one not have it's mom come back.
How did mom react? I know deer fucking HATE dog like animals because coyotes predate on the small ones.
I know it’s not the same, but this reminds me of my GSD. She plays as soft or hard at the park as other big dogs, but if a puppy comes in, she’ll stay close to the pup.

She’ll play gently with the pup. If another dog gets too rough, she’ll intervene and chase it off. She’s body-blocked dogs being too aggressive many times.

My point is, I feel some dogs have a kind soul, like your good boy here. It’s a nice trait.
Would the mom return if a dog is there?
He missed all-he-could-eat venison sashimi.  Good boy!
That dog deserves a reward
Wilson is bestest boy ever <3 Give him lots of treatos and love.
"I know not what this is, or why it must be guarded. All I know is I must."
Idk looks like a good way for your dog to get beat down by a deer
Why would the Mom come with your huge dog sitting there?
I must inquire, Wilson...
Ironically the mom was probably afriad to come back because of the dog
It looks like they had an argument
He looks EXACTLY like mine and mine would probably do the same thing lmao
more like...

"Mom came back in spite of predator dog being there"

hopefully she actually took the fawn back, best to leave it completely alone
Wilson is the best boy!!! Thank you for sharing this.
I dig the Clint Eastwood squint he’s got going on.
I’m surprised mom would dare to come back with that big dog there!
He has seen Bambi, he is fully determinated to protect the lil guy from all danger
I love German shepherds for this reason alone. They're smart and good natured by themselves. But even more so with a smart and good natured owner.
This makes me so sad my golden retriever named Wilson died recently.
OP is Jim from Friday Night Dinner
Plot twist: muma waited 5 hours for the dog to leave the fawn
Leave wild animals alone. Your dog should be nowhere near the fawn.
I thought Bambi’s mom died though?
It's lucky that the dog didn't scare mom away.
[deleted]
Although its cute af the mother will not see it that way
The name of the dog is giving me Friday night dinner flash backs...
Good boy, Wilson!! ❤️
Aren’t does really aggressive if they feel they need to protect their fawns though?
hm there's a certain detail that makes me pretty sure it isn't Bambi...
I guess I'm the pessimist. I see someone using this as a photo op when they should remove the dog from the area.
No fucking way that deer would approach the dog
I once had the sweetest dog. She would protect the small kitties and stand by any kid to let the pet her. Very calm, put up with being raised along 3 boys never a growl or aggresive bark. Until one day I'd put her our while as we got ready for church. I'm just about to get the dog and send the kids to the car, I look and she's hiding under the bush,  I get over to her and she has removed half the skin on this baby rabbit..and is slowly licking and looking right in my eyes and she takes its head in her mouth and starts to swallow..I mean I know she's a dog she's killed birds in the yard so why did that just brake the way I thought about her.. no the kids did not see that. She's been gone a while still miss her but shudder when I think about this.
He looks like Wilson from that program Friday night dinner
Stupid dog!
My in-laws breed deer.  And we have a deer that was born blind and had all sorts of problems.  She was bottle-fed etc because she wouldn't take to her mother.  

So someone got the bright idea to put a brindle pit-bull in the pen with her and they are absolutely the best of friends.  That dog protects her from everyone. Even us. But with us the dog just kinda inserts herself between the humans and the deer.  I love the relationship that they have.
I keeps an eye on the hay..
Fawn, I won't leave astray. .
I protec and observe. .
My focus can't swerve,
till this sweet babe and Mom is at bay.
I am dog.

I guard this fawn.

Next to fence.

Upon the lawn.

Til momma comes.

I stay by fawn's side.

Then I poop.

And go inside.
Yes. They were a good pairing.
What breed of dog is this? It looks just like mine
"no one touch mule deer! (bambi)"

Good boi,good boi.
Got to love a  Shep💥!!
The BEST boy!!
I hope this wasn't a diversionary tactic by the local wolf pack :)
Is... is Wilson taking a piss?
OP is Jim from Friday Night Dinner
Wilson, King of Prussia?
A new Disney film in the making!
Literally thought he was pooping
So THAT’S what Wilson looked like.

It all makes sense now.
He is now a guard dog
If it’s Bambi...

Why does it have a mom?
The dog and fawn sat there waiting as years went by to no luck, as Bambi‘s mom is fucking dead...
I dont know how it works with dogs but the scent of humans can scare away the mothers to never come back. Thats why you should never pet a kid thats waiting for its mother.
Give Wilson a good boy pat for me! 😏
Sinp!
My GSD had a much different interaction with a fawn earlier this year.
Mine would have chased it for 20 minutes.

Source:

That time mine chased a fawn out of our yard and was gone a really long time
 WILSON
Good doggo guarding forest pupper
Hey OP my dog is IDENTICAL, 110lbs male GSD (can't tell about the size of yours on that photo), exact same colors, puts his ears backward quite often in the same way, way bigger than other GSD and very straight back and long body. My question is, do you know what exact type of German shepherd he is ? I've never seen a similar one upon this day.
Would the mom becom aggressive at the dog if she saw him that close to her child?
But the mom never came...
Wow cute!
I have seen a lot of dogs becoming deer dads lately, and i'm not complaining.
Well done Wilson, making your country proud. Keep up the good work 👍
Dinner
They better not GIT IN MY FACE
Dogs are to good for this world.
Look at those ears back. He's full on don't touch the baby mode
I request a good boy pat made on my behalf
Good Boi! At work
Wilson needs to be elected mayor
Awwww so precious
He deserves extra scratches, treats, and love. Give him a pat from me.
Please tell him I love him.
Good job Wilson what a good boy!
The picture make my day...tnx
Can you still have fun Wilson?
The goodest of all boys
Protect him PROTECT HIM!!!
Good boy!
this fanfic is better than the disney movie
Completely new and original name... Milson!
What a good boy!!!
Wilson! My mainest man!
What an amazing dog. Absolutely love this breed. WOW
He doesn't look to "fawned" of his duty.
The fawn spent the entire day crapping himself
Holy poop it's at 100k
No. Your doggie might just be a canine Karen waiting the deer supervisor.
WILSON! 🖐
The fawns not forgotten,
Little fawn won't leave my eye
Wilson Remain!
i'm half expecting this to be a gif and mark heap just randomly shows up
Hope he isnt waiting for Bambi’s Mom, Might be there a while
Hope the mother was more chilled than [this one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kp2hQ987Z1g)
What a heckin good boi!
Aww he looks all sleepy, too. Eyes are squinty like he's fighting sleep.
Wait.... Bambi's mum is dead...... Welp you have a new pet!
Damn that is adorable
yes
"Not sure if deadly threat to Bambi or just squirrel"
German Sheperds are wonderful
Cute and all but goddamn he looks ready to fuck up an attacker.
Just gonna leave this here:  [https://www.buzzfeed.com/sydrobinson1/good-things-week-july-12-2020](https://www.buzzfeed.com/sydrobinson1/good-things-week-july-12-2020)
Please tell me there’s a schnoodle for this good boy.
Such things just make me love life more ❤️
That's fascinating, if it happens again set up a camera to see how the hand off goes? Really curious to see if the mother is friendly or freaked out. I guess you'll know by if she ever leaves her baby there again.
 Bambi’s mom died....
This is 100% meant to be listed in “AWW” ❤️❤️❤️ absolutely adorable
Why is he looks like he wants to poop?
Aww
Get off my fawn!
Good old GSDs! They’re such good guardians
Wilson, remain.
he looks like he just shit the deer out
That dog is gonna have some ticks.   Lucky it didn’t get stomped by mama
[yes, good wilson](https://youtu.be/sZOuMLyXtJ4)
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣤⣶⣶⡶⠦⠴⠶⠶⠶⠶⡶⠶⠦⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⠶⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⠀⢀⣤⠄⠀⠀⣶⢤⣄⠀⠀⠀⣤⣤⣄⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡷⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠙⠢⠙⠻⣿⡿⠿⠿⠫⠋⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣤⠞⠉⠀⠀⠀⠀⣴⣶⣄⠀⠀⠀⢀⣕⠦⣀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⢀⣤⠾⠋⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣼⣿⠟⢿⣆⠀⢠⡟⠉⠉⠊⠳⢤⣀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⣠⡾⠛⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢀⣀⣾⣿⠃⠀⡀⠹⣧⣘⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠉⠳⢤⡀ ⠀⣿⡀⠀⠀⢠⣶⣶⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠁⠀⣼⠃⠀⢹⣿⣿⣿⣶⣶⣤⠀⠀⠀⢰⣷ ⠀⢿⣇⠀⠀⠈⠻⡟⠛⠋⠉⠉⠀⠀⡼⠃⠀⢠⣿⠋⠉⠉⠛⠛⠋⠀⢀⢀⣿⡏ ⠀⠘⣿⡄⠀⠀⠀⠈⠢⡀⠀⠀⠀⡼⠁⠀⢠⣿⠇⠀⠀⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡜⣼⡿⠀ ⠀⠀⢻⣷⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⡄⠀⢰⠃⠀⠀⣾⡟⠀⠀⠸⡇⠀⠀⠀⢰⢧⣿⠃⠀ ⠀⠀⠘⣿⣇⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⠇⠀⠇⠀⠀⣼⠟⠀⠀⠀⠀⣇⠀⠀⢀⡟⣾⡟⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⢹⣿⡄⠀⠀⠀⣿⠀⣀⣠⠴⠚⠛⠶⣤⣀⠀⠀⢻⠀⢀⡾⣹⣿⠃⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⢿⣷⠀⠀⠀⠙⠊⠁⠀⢠⡆⠀⠀⠀⠉⠛⠓⠋⠀⠸⢣⣿⠏⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠘⣿⣷⣦⣤⣤⣄⣀⣀⣿⣤⣤⣤⣤⣤⣄⣀⣀⣀⣀⣾⡟⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢹⣿⣿⣿⣻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠛⠃
I would honestly go to say that he is in fact the BEST boy.
Omg ❤️this is one reason y I lov animals more than people
I thought he took a gigantic shit lol
I have a half GSD/half soft-coated wheaten terrier.  She has an extremely strong drive to herd.  She’ll herd the cats, my 8 and 5 kids, and even pull on me and my wife’s hand when she wants to go outside.  It’s cute AF.

Edit:  [dog tax](https://i.imgur.com/Lc6mSaj.jpg)
Daycare costs $100 per day. Hope you dog got paid.
Be like Wilson.
[deleted]
Heckin’
Good doggy !  They are such loving loyal creatures!
If that really is Bambi I don’t think mom is coming back
I LOVE YOU WILSON
What a sweetheart! He could be the baby’s babysitter!
Heckin good pupper take my smooches and upvote!
lol that look on his face. "You come for the venison you get the bark then you get the bite."

Did he give the mother doe a good report when she came back?
I mean if its Bambi I dont think the mama is coming back
When Ubu finally sat. This story brought a smile to my face. Thank you.
He protecc

He attacc

But most importantly 

He love deer bacc
I love Wilson so much omg
This is too cute
Could you please belly rub him for me, he’s truly the goodest boi ❤️
It’s sad to think his mother won’t be coming back.

*eyes dart as he stabs his fork into venison meat and eats it*
This picture just tears me up. That's a majestic heart right there
Gsds are amazing my boy does the same he guards his kitties and his family. Your boy is very amazing my boy is to and my Jerry lee looks just like your boy 🤗
the mom never came back ;-;
Your dog is my hero man, thanks for sharing! :’)
Good doggo 😊
The best boy! He deserves lots of pets
Who’s a good booooyyyyyyy?
What a hero!  <3
If only humans could adopt this mentality.
When the dogs have a better understanding then the humans.
Once again, we don’t deserve dogs.
r/fridaynightdinner
He waiting for his dinner to come
Must have been guarding for a long time
Good boy!!
Nice
That is damn good boy for sure!!
Very good boy!!!
I want to 10x upvote this good boye
For a minute I thought the dog was going to the bathroom
I love how herding dogs find work for themselves!
He looks like he’s saying he’s too old for this shit
Heart melting.
10/10 would let herd fauna
That’s so cool.
What's Jim's dog Wilson doing there
Good boi!
Not on Disney's watch
A hecking  good boy
German Shepherds are the best dog breed on earth prove me wrong
Hi. So what happened when the mom came back? And did the fawn come back again?

Thanks for a touching picture.  ♥️
Awww
Good heckin boy🥺
_If its Bambi the mom won't come_
Awe, sweet boy.
I wish I could upvote this twice
Now that’s a feel good story we need more of
Good job, Wilson.  You are certainly one of the best helpers.
What happened when mom arrived?
That's a dang good boy I tell ya hwhat!
Heck’n good boi!!! So sweet :)
Good boy!!!!!!!
This is the kind of story we need right now!
The goodest boi lol such focus!
A whole new meaning to doggie daycare
Get that boy some fresh chicken
Wilson at work!
definitely a good boy
My dog bless her is the total opposite of this good boy. She actively is looking for baby deer, but not to protect them :( she’s the sweetest cold blooded murderer you have ever seen.
Hey, Mister Wilson!
Can dogs smell wild fawns?   I know one of a deer's unique adaptations are the fawns are basically scentless.   Like their hormones don't bleed through their skin
The best boy!
Dang good dog
Omg this is so cool. Like Disney shit level. What a good boy.
Awww
Good boy
caring dog 🤗
Is it good that I want this pupper to be my dad? No? Okay....
[And a very lucky one...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TY-FKI_VOCg)
Please pet that dog for me since I can’t. Pic required. There’s a good boy
Nice, would’ve love to seen a vid when the mother came back...
Didn’t Bambi’s mom die?
He didn’t watch the movie
I love dogs god damn
Good boy, Wilson!
Good boy? Best boy!
WWWD? (What Would Wilson Do?l
If I ever get another dog, it's going to be a German Shepherd. I think they are the best breeds only to be rivaled by beagles who are incredible hunting dogs and fantastic family members, especially with children
20/10
Aww
He gets alllll the treats!
Aww i hope the mom doesn't get soooked
What breed is he?
Wish that happened in the movie
😀
I thought Wilson died last series and they buried him in the drive
Ok now to find the schnoodle poem
Yes he is
You can see he's a good boy by the way he is.
Wilson, you are such a sweet boy!
heckin' good boi
Fawwwwn
That dog looks exactly like a Wilson.
So smol & cute! I thought it was some sort of bird haha.
The deer was thinking, damn a wolf has gotten my baby, better leave now or I'm gonna be the wolf's next meal.
When the thug life chose the doggo
Wilson is the best boy
What a good supervisor! Tell Wilson he's a very good boy and give him some scritches for me!
😭😭😭. And that’s all.
He was just waiting for a bigger snack
This needs to be a children’s book
Dogs with jobs
Good boy, Wilson!
My step dad's dog is also named Wilson.  He is also a good boy.
She lives with my sister and Nya has a brother named Petey they have a nice house and a big fenced in yard they are spoiled rotten by their mommy and she loves them very much!
What a man
hero
God bless this doggo
Good boy
Hey dad...look what I found...can I keep it ?
That boy has a piece on him - Bryan Callen
You never name dinner
Oh hi Jim
I’m not sure if Bambi is the best example...
That’s so cool and cute
What a good boy!!! ❤️
Good thing he didnt wait for her dad...
Perfect for this sub. I literally said awww out loud lol
Where is the instant poet guy when we needed him the most?
Good Boy
Wilson? Shalom
Such a gooboy
Way better than Fenton anyways!
That’s what a pic of my dog would look like, too, except he’d be coming up with fawn recipes in his head.
Thanks for this! What a great story and photo!
"Some Fawn, eh kid?"
A very good boy. Maybe even the goodest boy?
Hope Wilson gets all the pets and the treats!
Goodness boy
Wilson, I would die for you
Super cute, though I'd say give the pup a good once-over to look for ticks. Deer in my area are loaded down with the blasted things.
He was camping to eat both
Awwww!!   :::squeee:::  ❤❤❤
Animals are awesome people.
Dogs named Wilson >>>>
I love this dog
I do heccin protec.   


Bambi is my fren!
Ahh too sweet🐕🤩😍
There’s no boy better, I tell you
If that's really Bambi, momma ain't commin' home.
what a good doggo! I hope he got treatos for his diligence
Ngl I thought it was video I’m stupid
Or is just using her as bait.
Such a good boy, what an angel!
What a good boi. Such a handsome sweetie.  Wilson should get extra pets and belly rubs 🤗
Love ya wilson. Keep up the good work
wow that is a true good boy there.
LOVE him! Give him lots of treats and pets he deserves it! Good boy Wilson!!
Good boy deserves a good treat
• fawn

"I have mastered the ability to stay so incredibly still that I become invisible to the eye."
Awwww how sweet. What a boy!!
Good boi
“Stay off my fawn!”
Why do I feel like the deer will be back a few times in it's life?
Wow my doggo would have just chased it.
He is the best guard dog ever
What a fuckin hero!
This is why dogs are just.... better than cats. Cats, no matter how cute... are clearly only looking out for their best interests.
So we all just gone skip over the irony in naming that fawn 'Bambi'? Aight.
Where's the rest of that video?
Dogs are a gift to humanity - don’t know what I’d do without them
I’m convinced dogs and deer see each other as the same species. My dogs (80-90lbs each) used to just stare at the deer who glanced at them and kept walking across the street in my neighborhood. Even had an albino deer who was super chill.
The deer havent yet mastered the art of camouflage yet. Thank goodness for good boys.
What a good dog!!
This isn’t survival of the fittest or letting natural run it’s course
Mother deer with leave their newborn fawns like this (and in random locations like a patio or deck) while they're out looking for food. Predators have a hard time locating fawn because they literally have no scent for the predator to pick up on. This is why its a horrible idea to touch or help a newborn fawn. Your scent will stick to the fawn and becomes prey to predators. This gsd is doing a great job protecting the fawn even though the Gsd has a scent that will linger. There have even been cases where the mother won't return or accept the fawn if it has new scent 

Edit: more info
We could/should learn a lot from this animals behavior. Hope he gets many treats and pats.
A man claiming he can touch is tounge to his Epididymis has Doctors all over southern Kansas Baffled when he accidentally sprains the ankle of a kitten during his attempt to demonstrate.
He was probably thinking "why have a morsel when I can wait for the meal"?
Midnight snack
Actually using it as bait to get the bigger meal
So where was mom? Out getting hammered?
[deleted]
