“Oh, and it would be great if you stopped eating my scales and just chewed your fucking fingernails instead. They’re made out of the same stuff.  Thanks.”
He's just so polite.
I wish pangolins were 8 ft. tall. I don't know why, I just with they were really really big.
So adorable I want to squeeze him! (Not too hard and only if he would like)
15/10 would invite this missionary in to learn about his lord and savior
He is once again asking for our support.
This is Honey Bun from the nature documentary "The Worlds Most Wanted Animal" on PBS. He passed away today
For some reason, I thought of this guy as that one character from Office Space. I pictured it asking, "Excuse me. Have you seen my stapler?"
[removed]
Is this a sandslash?
I might be the only one here who doesn’t know what animal this is so...what animal is this?
[removed]
*sobbing* Anything for you Pangolin
Can someone photoshop a hat in his hands?
LAY IT ON ME LITTLE BROTHER
How could anybody hurt something this cute and sweet? He's not bothering anybody, just minding his own business doing pangolin stuff. Bless his little heart.
Do you have something you want to sell me?
"I have wares if you have coin, traveler."
He reminds me of the little mole in Once Upon a Forest
beautiful creature-stop the wildlife trade. China is one of the worst perpetrator of wildlife extinction, with more creatures like this landing dead on their shores
Perfect title
Hello my name is ed and I speak for the leaves and the earth and the earths says, “COVID is just a warning”
i read something somewhere that said pangolins always looks like they’re trying to nervously ask you to prom and i agree and it’s adorable
Idk why but I imagined that it had a lisp
Sandshrew? That you?
Honestly I don't understand how anyone can pick up something so ADORABLE and innocent looking, just to cut it up and sell for some fake medical nonsense.
Yes sir, I do indeed have a moment.
I am once again asking for your emotional support
“Umm does anyone have a laptop charger I could borrow?”
[removed]
I read this in Milton’s voice for some reason
Snooooof!
I have all the moments you need
He looks like he's about to sell me some armour
Sir? The prisoners, they’ve... well... escaped.
"How's Covid? Idiots"
Uh, excuse me, if you could stop believing in witchcraft (aka Chinese Traditional Medicine) then maybe my species might have a chance at surviving the next 20 years.
I has a moment for him.
Yes.  For the first time, pangolin, I DO have a moment to speak about the environment.
I'm getting Baby Yoda vibes from this creature...
We all eat the 4th most intelligent animal for breakfast.
There's a documentary on Netflix about these cuties.
Protect the IRL sandshrews
I would love to speak to you mr Pangolin
What is this? Sorry never saw anything like this before!
Bó um churras
*fires SOS flare and pulls out blast safi-jiiva greatsword
Yes of course!!
Yes. Yes I do
Looks like me when I leave my room...
Mothafucka that's a damn dinosaurus rex!
yes sure cutie <3
I never knew what pangolins looked like. They are adorable.
I know nothing about cats.
Melt.
Pangolin would like to trade its wares for coin good traveler.
It looks like a cross between a turtle, armadillo and sloth and I fucking love it
What a beautiful critter
I likea the pangolin
I do now!
I don't know why but I fucking love Pangolins so goddamn much. This pic may have had something to do with it
10/10 would not pretend to not speak English for this little guy
"Hey bro.. Mom said it's my turn on the Xbox"
A wild Sandshrew appeared
"Can you find something to eat except for me?"
Sandsdhrew
OMG a Goron from the Zelda series!! Awesome!
Well, yes, it so happens that I do.
I think he looks like he wants to convince me that Gaia is our lord and savior.
The lorax?
I like pink fairy armordillos.
It looks so polite
I would listen to him for hours.
I fucking love Pangolins!
Omg he looks so polite! Can we invite him in...
For you I would clear my whole schedule
Yes. Yes, I do. Please enlighten me in your thoughts and concerns.
I do. I will protect you, and the environment for eternity. Even if that may be ten years not ten thousand
WELL YES I DO THANKS FOR ASKING YOU LITTLE ARMOURED BOI
If a pangolin Jehovah's Witness knocked on my door looking like this I'd listen to his spiel
Pangolins and Wombats are hella cute
HE IS SO FRIENDLY
That depends.....Did you happen to talk to a "bat" before you got to me?
He speaks for the trees
Pangolins are weirdly adorable. They always look like they are sheepishly getting ready to ask you something.
Just 16 minutes could save you up to 16% off your current insurance rate
Excuse me, could you please stop trafficking me and my family...
Sorry about the covid, guys. Maybe you shouldn't have eaten me. I am endangered
The other day was the first time I’ve heard of Pangolins. My sister sent me a list of good vibe animals and bad vibe animals. This guy was on the good vibe list and I had to google it
Isn't it so cute guys. wow. Wonders of nature
Is this a Pangolin?
“D’ya wanna develop an app?”
He’s like stop eating my family!
Do you have games on your phone?
"Do you want to develop an app?"
Him be very polite
More then a moment i want to hear it all
According to some of the reporting on npr, pangolins were possibly in cages underneath bats, both for sale at the wet market. And “bush meat” seems to be a strange generic term for meat from small wild animals. At least that’s what I recall from January’s covid reports🤷‍♀️
I hope they stop killing this creature!
yes yes I have all the time for this little cutie to speak about the environment ! Awwwwww so cuteee
I am the Lorax and I speak for the trees...
I love pangolins they're rather nice creatures.

And they eat ants which plague my house so I wish I had one
I met a pangolin in Zimbabwe last year. He had a man who was by his side 24/7, and took him to areas with lots of ants so that the pangolin could eat all day long.
That's actually so fucking cute I want to find him and plant him a forest
ill be walking through the biggest square in stockholm, past 5 Amnesty people, 3 WWF workers, a whole crew from the red cross..

but this..

when i see this little guy asking to talk about the environment you bet your ASS ill sit straight down, on the nasty urban pavement, and ill listen to whatever they have to say.

good boy.
Hello, I am the lorax, speaker of the tree. Stop cutting em down or I'll break your knees
"if you stopped eating animals, youd severely reduce the amount of viruses and global pandemics! plus stop antibiotic resistance. plus, killing animals for food is kind of fucked up now that you dont need to. and you waste almost 50 times the amount of water and crops feeding livestock. over ⅓ of all of the pollution your species puts out is from killing us and other animals"

what a wise lil guy
 she’s from that crowd.
If the animal rescue organizations used this little one they wouldn't have any trouble getting money. I wanna pick this little guy up and cuddle him!
Hehe Baby Pangolin
The pangolin is a suspect for transmitting Covid to humans
in Brazil that's a tatu, isn't it?
In a messed up kinda way, I wish the pangolin was easy enough to keep as a pet. I know it’s not the most moral of arguments, but if that were the case they most likely wouldn’t be endangered.
Oh my goodness!!! What is it?? I dont have these in my state... atleast not that I know of. Its cute!!
Poor guy better run there’s Chinese around they’ll make a soup out of him.
Pangolin?
Can someone photoshop him in front of some butt cracks at a Magic the Gathering convention?
Is life not sacred if you’re an animal?
I would gladly listen for as long as he likes!
I feel for these beautiful creatures that are being treated cruelly in many countries!!
Other than the cute face it looks like the Rancor from Return of the Jedi lol
“Could you keep it down? It’s 8am.”
Yes, absolutely, sir.
People are helping the pangolin. About time.  [https://www.savepangolins.org/](https://www.savepangolins.org/)
I doooo!
"And ah yes stop fucking burning  down my family's home."
Looks like me waiting for my parents to stop talking to that stranger in the store
Aw I sure do little buddy what’s up
is he going to teach me Kung Fu?
I love this
[removed]
"Oh, ok. Let's do it, honey"
I uh...
Oh man.... I really hate to be [that guy](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.sciencealert.com/more-evidence-suggests-pangolins-may-have-passed-coronavirus-from-bats-to-humans/amp)

Disclaimer: yeah I know I'm gonna get downvotes for this. Was it worth it? I'm not sure but it made me giggle.
 This is a pangolin in case anyone was wondering
Everybody should listen what he has to say ❤️
RIP
what  would you like to talk about good sir
Funny
I wanna cradle it
I am so sorry to hear that :(
u/titletoimagebot
they are, without a doubt, the best animal.
Shut up, Meg!
I feel like hed sound like a really shy Korg
is that a real life pokemon?
It's not canon, but i just feel he would fit right in at Redwall Abbey or r/eulalia
Bröther
They've been poached to the verge of extinction. Pangolins are so rare nowadays that when one wandered into a village in North India couple of days ago, people got scared of the "strange" animal and hundreds gathered to watch it until the forest officials came to its rescue.
Don't do this to me. I have cried enough tonight but you keep bringing it back.
Sometimes I wish animals could speak
Yes. Yes i do
Human: “No I’m gonna eat you and cause a massive pandemic”
Excellent.
Dante pangolier
It is so cute.you made me feel sad when I saw it for some reason.😥😥😪😪😓😓😢😢
*Throws Pokeball*

Finally caught a Sandshrew! Hell yeah!
Is that a sandshrew?
For you, pangolin, of course.
What animal? Very cute
r/photoshopbattles
Why yes, yes i do.....
Is this a pangolin?
I do know
Nice food
yes but make it quick
He... he just seems like a little British fellow who don’t want to cause no fuss! I love him!
Igor : [voice over]  That's Scamper, one of my most successful inventions.

[Scamper drops a giant weight on himself, flattening himself] 

Igor : [voice over]  I made him immortal, which is kind of a hassle for him, since he doesn't want to live.

Scamper : [fills out again]  Will *nothing* end this vicious cycle?

Igor : [voice over]  I also made him talk, which is a hassle for me, since he never shuts up.
Such a cute pangolin!

1000 curses and ass cancer to anyone that hurts a pangolin!
Awwn
Why they try to eat you buddy? 😭
God damn,  I know it's supposed to be wholesome somewhat but that's just fucking so sad.
What a cutie McCuterson
https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2020/apr/18/covid-19-a-blessing-for-pangolins
Hello? Is this Alphys from undertale?
see you at r/memes
Is it weird to think it's ugly but "in a cute way"?
This is now my spirit animal
The title send me
Reminds me of Mole in Mickey’s Christmas Carol, asking for donations
Don’t Treat on Me
Fuuck Chinese eating pangolins
Pangolins walk like this.
Alphys or Sandshrew
Aww...nooo, no I don’t
Im trying to find a job little pangolin. I have the degree, i know how i can help. All companies need to hire environmental scientists TODAY since EVERY position works within or with the environment!
Cute
These comments making me sad..
What is that.  It looks like a Armored Fiend off Final Fantasy X!
YES, FRAND!!!
Well, this made my day
No fuck off, dont you see the the no door to door knockers sign? Jesus you people
Hey, it’s Alphys!
His stance reminds me of Vern from Over the Hedge.
Sandlash used charm!, it's super effective.
Is that a walking brain?
"I am the Lorax, I speak for the tees!"
Are we still blaming these dudes for the pandemic? They so sweet
This thing looks like a creature you would see in the Avatar universe
"Um... excuse me sire, but, well, it's the prisoners. They've escaped"
Poor little fellas are completely screwed. Fuck China.
Such a cute creature!
What animal is this. Is adorable.
Yes I do and if others don't listen then kick them out of the environment and off the planet
Animal Crossing vibes
2, actually!
Sorry, I'm in a bit of a hurry.
F

For the environment
C R U N C H
Argh, the C19 Bandit!!! /s

^(yes, a pangolin... I knew that without looking it up, thanks)
I love pangolins
No, I have all the time in the world
I FRIGGING LOVE PANGOLINS
I do, I do have a moment!
🥺👉👈
Excuse me, could I interest you in some rona
Who else read this in Eeyore voice?
my mans just said "🥺👉👈"
This is the type of armadillo which passed covid19 to us btw
Was he one is the guys in the 5th Element?
Herald of Woe
hey... didn't your kind incubate covid-19?
It’s the real Yoda!
Yes, I do
I’m listening
He looks like a miniature version of that one dinosaur with the spiky ball tail. Forgot it's name.
Yes, yes I can
“I speak for the trees...”
Nope
"Me Pango, me play joke. Me ooze Covid in your throat."
Isn't that a statue?
There is a very *precise* manner in which I love this creature...much as I love penguins.
Just found out they can walk on 2 legs while keeping this same expression
If you've never had scrambled eggs, and you look like a pinecone on four legs, guess what? You're a pangolin! O dee o dee o.
Wow think of all the magical health benefits we'd get if we ate that little fucker. /s
Anytime, lil bud. Anytime.
I likey da Pangolin, I likey da man-o-war
New update in animal crossing.
I’d listen to anything that cutie had to say. Such sweet animals.
r/ntbdbiwdfta
I read government...
Of course, if you are asking so *politely*!
I have all the time in the world, little dude
What is it? A wood sloth?
I have all the time in the world for you sweetie🥰❤️❣️
Thought it was a woodcarving
Yes sure
Oy is that the wanker who what is getting us all sick isn't it. Hey you bugger off. Dodgy right
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
I have nothing but time for this guy. Preach it, my friend
Animal lovers please like
yes, yes I do
Hello, would you like to develop an app?
Is this a man????
Excuse me, do you have a moment to speak about the environment...or should I fuck off now?
What is this creature called?!
Pangolins look like those kids that woke up late, missed the school bus and have to wake their mom up to drive them to school.
Here's a cute video of this lil guy rolling around in some mud! https://youtu.be/immrs9qGARU
china : first I wanna eat you
“the trees can’t be harmed if the lorax is armed”
TIL the RL inspiration for Sandshrew and Sandslash. haha
Yup!
My favorite animal
Yes, let’s talk about the origins of SARS-Cov 2 Mr Pangolin
I thought thats a statue at first
"Excuse me sir, your roof is missing tiles and I happen to have the right size on me."
Yes i do. What would you like to know?
For you dear, anything
Uh. Excuse me! Can I get some of them?
If you want to help the environment I would urge you to look into veganism as animal agriculture is one of the largest environmental polluters. Google 'Challenge 22' or feel free to DM me with any queries.
Anything for you sandshrew!
I would be more worried about certain someones harvesting you for bullshit medicine.
Harry Potter must not return to Hogwarts!
That poor little pangolin was probably killed for its scales right after this pic was taken.
nice
Weird looking Sandshrew. Cute though. :3
😳👉👈
He looks so much like Sid the "Sloth" from Ice Age. 😍😍
Of course we do
He should have pokemon powers
Sandshrew in new pokemon game.
Thank you for the upboats you gais ☺️
Aww those eyes tho
r/pangolinappreciation
"And perhaps about animal trafficking?"
The neighbors kids makes exactly that pose when asking if they can go into my lawn to pickup the ball they kicked over.
“Oh look, I have a phone call, sorry.”
No I don't have a moment, I have eternity.
Wow I didn't know sandshrew exists in this world.
No.
Once again I am asking for your support.
Pangolins defy all logic, they should be this hideous creature with their weird pink claws, derpy walking, dirty hard scales and weird eyes, yet they are so utterly cute and adorable. 

Amazing creatures, they should be left alone in the wild and I am so sick of countries like china and their barbaric practices against these incredible critters.
Starring  
Peter Lorre  
as  
Mr. Armadillo
Reminds me of Sandshrew from Shippidge.
That's a Sandshrew
Side quest incoming...
LITTLE MAN
Forgodssake this is the third time you've been askig me this in an hour.
Dude. I'll give you all the time you need.
r/mademesmile
Dr. Fauci asking why I'm wearing a mask.
If only I had a pokeball :(
Pokemon GO IRL
So cute
For you - always
I love pangolins more than anything
👉👈
Yes I do Mr. Pengolin
“and about our Dark Lord Satan”
"why don't they make a video game about me I'm cool"
Ohhhhhhh
So fucking cuteeeee
I wild Sandshrew has appeared!
Pango-on
Pangolins are fucking adorable
Any time my pangolin friend
"Do you have a moment to talk about our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ?"
Looks like my 85 year old grandma
Is that an armadicko?
I was going to insult r wingers, but it is all of us!
This post subconsciously made me want to fuck off out of here and close the reddit app. I did. I came back for this joke.
He looks like he's approaching his crush to ask her to dance with him at the prom.
/r/PangolinAppreciation
Sandshrew I choose you!
“Fingers crossed you’re not a Chinese businessman who believe deep frying my wee wee will give yours an extra punch.”
That’s the position I make when I’m asking my mum for something
oh yes, lets have a talk
Pangolin has ware if u have the coin.
“E.T. Reach sexual maturity. Where is Elliott?”
😢
5
Can only speak for myself, and depression.
Yes please go on
As always the 🇨🇳 is the matter.
"My lord,I'm afraid that the heroes have escaped from the dungeon"
I actually made a video on this animal

https://youtu.be/NkLLyBhM_rc
Snake, turtle, sloth, Yoda?

What is he?
"Ehh, Hello Jackiee"
With you? We can talk about the most boring thing and I would listen
No.
Lepra is transmitted successfully
Omg it looks like a sandshrew💝💝💝💝
Pangolinvironmentalist
he looks so polite
He makes me feel bad for being a lumberjack. Still cutting down trees, i just feel bad about it now.
I'd stop to chat if this guy approached me on the street.
I imagine him having the same voice as maury’s Jewish penis from big mouth s1e9
Yes. I can spare a whole day for you. Let's talk
That Armadillo looks like it has done something wrong lol!!
Yes I can talk to you! Here is my purse and bank details. Please dont be sad
“I’d like to add you to my professional network”.
He is actually building up the courage to ask you out to prom!
Pangolins look like muppets!
Im curious, what is this?
Awww lil sandshrew 💕
“People are killing me and cutting up my body for ‘medicine,’” he continued.
Who would suspect p-p-poor s-s-s-stuttering Professor Quirrel?
One of the few times I would say yes
Pangolins are so cool.
r/pangolin
Yup, let's hear it
You grind my scales, I give you the Rona. 

-your friendly poached pangolin. 

Its not proven but there’s a theory that the coronavirus came though the pangolin


https://www.sciencealert.com/more-evidence-suggests-pangolins-may-have-passed-coronavirus-from-bats-to-humans/amp
"Pardon me sire... my liege if i may... the prisoners... they've... well they've escaped."
Environment is our reflection.
They always seem like they're a message and nervious about having to delivery bad news to an emotional evil king
I would just like to point out to all the people ragging on the Chinese and their traditional medicine, there is a large swath of the American population that buy into bullshit medicine. They call it holistic medicine, though. It’s just culturally we are primed to accept it because it’s not animal based and Chinese traditional medicine is. Both a stupid and both have plenty of access to prove how much bullshit it all is. What’s important to note is humans are happy to be willfully ignorant no matter where they reside and both “traditions” are medically negligent.
*Pan's Witnesses*
Looks like one of the clay looking Pokémon cards..
Yessss please
Eat me and I will reward you with the Rona.
Watch out, he'll give you leprosy. That sneaky guy
*excited Aang voice* PANG’LINS!
I’d have all the time in the world if this little guy asked me to talk to him
A wild sandshrew appeared!
This legit looks like a Pokemon.
Is this the guy who gave us Coronavirus?
Thanks for Covid, Pangolin...
Yes. Yes I do
I dont know why i hear this in Korgs voice from Thor.
They are so precious! I would adopt them all in free, protected ranges, if I could.
Is that a pangolin?
Don't wanna generalise!
Nothing like wiping out a species for jank ass snake oil cures for your weiner amirite? Humans are the best.
Yes i have a minute or two
I do, Sandshrew. I have lots of time to speak about the environment!
Africans need to stop using these cute fuckers as bush meat.  They're adorable.
This looks like a hand-made figure, is this a real pangolin?
I will vote for him/her
You’ve said plenty when you (probably) gave us Sars-Cov-2 you little dude.
Dude Chinese medicine literally is like these rare animals and they make it cost so much cause there rare animals and the know the cure and they just put a drop and are like it’s cause the exotic animal yeh
If that things talked to me About the environment I’d give it my entire day and full attention.
And then he claws your eyes out...
"Mowment"
This. breaks.my.heart :(
Yes?
Is that one of them covid rats?
Hi Pangolin. I wish people didn't eat you 😭
It's an animal. It wants food and sex.
China: step closer to the pot, what's that again?
What is this thing? Its adorable.
hide from the chinaman
He’s sorry if he caused COVID-19
I just wanna stick my tongue up it’s asshole and taste the mucus that’s lining its lower intestines.
The cause of the the new SARS COVD-2 virus...
Not for you
It's so ugly it's cute
Covid fucker
Ain't nobody got time for a covid-carrying pangolin!
[deleted]
I would automaticly distrust someone, if they came up to me with this submissive demeanor.
Solly No speak Englis.
NO!
You think about the Ozone Layers animals close to the Equator are Reptile or animals can heat near the 🌞 Sun are in Japan  🇯🇵🙈🐻🦁🐱🐱🐶🐺🐹🐭🐰🦊🐨🐼🐷🐽🐗🦄🐴🐮🦌🐸🐲🐢🐢🐊🐍🦎🐃🐂🐪🐫🐿️🦉🐐🐦🦅🕊️🦃🦆🐧🐓🐔🐣🦐🦀🦑🐙🦂🕷️🕸️🐚🐌🐜🐝🐞🦋🐛🐾 animals in that can't the oil in O clean it there is a spill the oxygen they is probably pollution air from City and Gas line so they gotta keep the clear. Scientific levels though out the water always need to keep the environment safe and get the air cleaner by picking up trash from feasesies and throw way trash in garbage cans in public places. Keep cities and neighborhood clean don't fall into provety where property values go down like slum or ghetto keep clean build new and modern if you population to grow. Keep the gas out Ozone Layers O     H    O for lead and bacteria animals from water and 2so2 do Humans. Keep the planet Earth Safe Earth April 23. "Earth, Wind, Water, and Fire Captain Planet hero gon take pollution to zero."

                 2      2
[removed]
Nope. Sorry. Survival of the fittest.
This guy looks delectable tbf. He fit in a soup bowl easy i bet.
[removed]
The pangolin allowed cronavirus to jump from bats to pangolin then to human in wuhan
[deleted]
Eww. Grab my glock.
