Not everyone would give an old boy a loving home for his final years.  Awesome
I fostered dogs for about 4 years. More than 30 in total. THANK YOU for adopting a senior dog!! They are some of the hardest to adopt out, even though they are often the best dogs! It looks you guys are so lucky to have found each other. Thank you for saving this beautiful boy! ❤And so nice of Ryan and Jill (hell yeah, California, represent!) to send the umbrella!
Francis is so lucky!
To be honest, I have talked to my girlfriend about adopting senior pets instead of getting puppies if we ever get dogs again. I'm torn because I know my heart is going to break when my dogs depart. 

do I start all over and get reattached and cry like a baby or do I make the last years of a seniors dog the happiest it could possibly be? When they do depart, I can maybe feel a little happier about it because I know I made the last few years the best it can possibly be. Do you get that feeling?
Tell Francis I love him and give hims some scritches on hims soft lil head pls
That’s fantastic!  Thanks friends of Francis!
The look on the dog’s face says, “But why the heck is this guy filming me?”
Francis is like “Dis is a gud time. I lay down, new smell come to me. I like dis”
You're a good mom!
That is a sick ride. I’m sure Francis loves it and you!
You are proof that there are indeed wonderful, lovely people in this world!  Bless you!
all of you are great people, especially Francis.
I'm reading all the comments, and crying so my 16 year old cat came to give me comfort.  He can read me like a book.  All we can do is love them.
I am also the tattooed owner of a black and tan 14 year old dog named Frances, but mine is still heckin spry! I love this little rig!
My husband and I are suckers for animals without homes. We’ve taken in about 6 cats over the last 5 years! The one that will always stay in my heart is Howie Harley. She was in her late teens early 20s (not sure because she had multiple vet records) and in really bad shape. She was a barn cat and when she got too old one of the managers took her home. Well he was fired/quit and brought her back completely matter to the skin, skin and bones, and just generally in bad shape. We made her comfortable in my boss’ office, but she was pretty much all alone and left in the pitch black at nights. I couldn’t stand it! So I brought her home and got her checked. She weighed 6lbs! And she was built to be a huge cat! Like 15lbs at perfect weight big. I had her groomed and also gave her regular warm baths to soak in when I noticed she was particularly sore. All she wanted was a warm lap to sit in and just to be loved, she would drool the second you started giving her chin scritches.

We had her for 3 months and she gained enough weight that she weighed 11lbs. We had to put her down when her back legs gave out and she could not longer get into her heated bed or the litter box. We were devastated saying goodbye but we knew it was for the best. I’m just happy we were able to gave that lovely lady a last few months of love and comfort.
That is SO sweet. Good for you for adopting a senior dog and being willing to take care of him. Very cool.
You are a beautiful person. This is everything
Bless you :)

I think a push cart type of set up would be easier for your walks.
Great! I’m also up for adoption. Just saying.
Aww what loving dog owners you are. My corgi spent the last year of her life in a cart we got her. She even had a custom license plate with her name!
Thank you Ryan and Jill! Old dogs deserve love too!
This is amazing! Where can I get a cart like that??
This is so nice of you, not only adopting an old god boi, but also going the extra mile to make sure he can enjoy life.
First, this is awesome, fur baby has an awesome mommy, second, the fact two redditors sent the umbrella, is it any wonder why I love the community here so much? This is my safe place for me, it’s helped me in ways no one can imagine. Peace.
BUG HUGS to you, Ryan and Jill 😍😇
Thought this was gonna end with 'took my old boy on his last ride' tyfg it didn't
Need some suspension on that sucker lol
They see me rollin'
They lovin'
Crusing down the street in my 6 4, barking at squirrels.
Upvote x 1,000,000
You are all amazing people <3
Why am I crying?
I love this! You’re all awesome.
Royal treatment
The is one stylish doggo
Ryan and Jill are the best.
Oil that shit up. Not WD-40, that's a water filled degreaser.
What a wonderful thing! Francis is so lucky to have you (and you him, I’m sure)!
3 years ago my girlfriend and I adopted our first dog. 10 year old St Bernard names Dharma. Her family just dropped her off at the shelter. We adopted her, gave her a bath, gave her lots of treat and the softest bed. I was at work till midnight and my girlfriend had told me she was acting funny. Restlessness, panting, bloated. We called the vet, told us she had a torsion. At her age, he really doubted she would survive the surgery, and recommended putting her to sleep. We had her for about 17 hours but we loved her. Bless you for taking in a senior dog.
The best thing I've seen all day honestly ♥️♥️
Wave to the people Francis!
OMG I just want to give this dog all my love 😍
We have a very similar cart we outfitted similarly. We also cut down a piece of plywood with grip tape and added a lip we can use as a ramp to get our girl into and out of it.
This reminds me so much of our old boy Angus. 

He was 13 and his "owners" decided they didn't want him anymore so they abandoned him in our garage with his ball, his nametag haphazardly cut off, and a note that said "we don't want him Anymore". He stuck around with us for a couple years and ended up having to be put down while we were on vacation because he couldn't move any of his legs anymore and was in a ton of pain. It still kills me that I couldn't be there to say goodbye in person. 

The kennel he was staying at paid the cremation and didn't charge us for the kennel stay. I cried that day too. 

About a week after we got home I'm Christmas Eve we were all miserable - one of our cats who was his best friend was so depressed he wouldn't eat or move - and I decided to take the family to the humane society to go look at the dogs. We met Jasmine there and it was like Angus had set the whole meeting up. She was adorable and loved us and the cats. On top of it all we put up a Christmas ornament on the humane society's "in memory of" tree in Angus's honor while we were there; somebody saw his ornament and asked the folks at the humane society if Angus was the dog we had. They said yes, and that person decided to donate $1,000 in Angus's name to the shelter and pay the adoption fees for Jasmine. 

That was a bittersweet Christmas. I've never been a dog person, but man did that change when Angus joined our family.

Miss ya buddy.
You are a rockstar mom!
They see me rollin’..... They hatin’......

❤️😍❤️
/u/vredditshare
This is so cute but makes me so sad.  I wanted to do this with our GSD since she was slowly becoming paralyzed in her hind legs and hadn't been on a "long" walk in years.  We had a small wagon but it had low walls and I was worried about her falling out.  She passed away this Wednesday.  Much love to your doggo <3
I believe there is a special place in heaven for people that adopt older pets. Thank you.
I wish people were this eager to pull me around on wagon
❤️ my boy chino turned fifteen today and I think I’m going to have to get him a cart now too.
The kool kid going to school be like
You are the best doggie momma
I don't know his story but I'm tearing up that you would consider and care about him feeling the wind on his face. You must be a very loving person and I would be happy to know you. What a sweet post.
Dogs are love and you love that dog. So sweet.
You are such a good momma!!
You may want to see if there is anyone in your area who is certified in canine therapeutic massage. I am, but my guess is that we are not in the same city! Also take a look at something called Lumasoothe. Hand held cool laser that is intended for home use on pets with arthritis, etc..   


Thank you for adopting him and giving him such a loving and safe place to land!
I. LOVE. HIM!!!
Francis is living his best life and you’re wonderful to give that handsome gentleman a home  <3

And a big shout to Ryan and Jill!
That's the best fucking thing I've seen all day and exactly what I needed. 😭
I love this! 😭😭❤️❤️
This is what I plan to do when I'm 60+ in life. I want a dog, but I wouldn't want my dog to be alone if I pass. I also want to give old dogs love and safety at the end of their life. Old pups are the best. You're an amazing person, OP!
You, Ryan and Jill are good people! And that gif is goddam delightful! Thanks for sharing :)
Your a good hooman!
I doubt the needs an umbrella. The sun works be good for him.
GOD I wish I had someone doing that for me🥺. It feels so relaxing.
OMFG I’m in love
Well this is just adorable. I wish you and Francis many good excursions in that fine carriage!
Beautiful doggo. I'm definitely coming back as a dog
Team makes a pups dream work
Sweet umbrella, Francis.
Cutest thing I’ve seen all day
This is the sweetest thing my heart is so full, and my eyes are too 😭💙
You are wonderful humans. <3
You are wonderful. That is all.
Im not crying!  You're crying!
A true king.
100% just cried
Sorry Donna I’m walking the human today
God bless you.  There are few things better than giving back to an old dog the love that they most certainly deserve.
You mean Sir Francis ::bows down::
I Love it! He looks so regal..
You're amazing!!
Lol he looks like a golden with costume on
So awesome - OP and the redditors who sent the umbrella. I love seeing stories. lke this
I need this video as a thug life meme with Ridin' as the song.
I use that same cart for hauling chicken feed. It’s a great cart
You're an awesome mom.
Love this dogs are too good for us.
We have that exact same wagon in green. They're awesome.
Precious
Aww. He looks like he has a few years left. Look at that fur!
Your confusing the poor dog treating him like this, he's going to start and think he's a cat and in charge 😁
Thank you for giving him love and rides as long as you can 💙
This pup deserves this!  And she deserves this pup!  Win Win all around!
Bestest boi
We had the same cart for our old pup. Throw some reflective stickers on the back for night walk safety.
My husband and I just rescued an amazing 8 year old large dog. Best. Decision.  Ever!!!!!  He is poorly trained but more than makes up for it with huge amounts of love.
Francis is living his best good boy life. I aspire to be like Francis.
When my beagle had double ACL surgery (the second knee blew out within days of the first knee diagnosis), I bought him a Radio Flyer Wagon with an umbrella and pulled him down to the park twice a day and lifted him in and out so he could do his business. He fully recovered. I sold the wagon, but I loved walking him in the neighborhood that way. He was a total baller.
The best judge of character I have ever seen is how people treat animals, especially our senior friends. 

Thank you to all who have made Francis so loved. I know I’m no one, but it really means so much to me.

I’m not crying, okay... yes I am.
I’m not crying, you are!
😭😭😭😭😭😭
Such a handsome older gentleman.
luckiest most loved boy.
That umbrella is super cool. Didn’t even know they made such a thing! :)
How do you rationalize in your mind that you don't have much time with him? How do you adopt senior dogs knowing it's going to be a heartbreak soon
This is amazing!!! Steve with Wolfgang2242 would be so proud of you!! I have so much respect for folks like you!! Thank you for giving Francis the sweetest life!!! ❤
*pets*
King!
Wow, you really go the extra mile for your dogs! Iggy is insanely cute!
This made me feel like crying
That is so sweet of all of you! ❤
This is so  nice . The world need more people like you !
The both of you make my heart smile. If there’s any way I can help please DM me I’d love to pamper Francis!
This is perfect for the dog days of summer.
What a comfy setup! I’m sure the umbrella makes a big difference. He looks like a sweet old gentleman 😊
Bless you and precious Francis.
Awwww....how sweet!
I love this so much, you are lucky to have each other
That is one spoiled pup! So glad he got to be a part of such a loving family.
So cute!!!
How many adoptive pets do you have??
Walk faster you peasant
That is one cool umbrella and cooler cart! The doggo seems to be very happy! Well done, humans!
“You call this wind in my face?! Faster! And don’t spare the whip!” ;-)
Thank you for your kindness.
Ur dog is a literal god
I love him.

Thank you for giving him a furever home <3
Please adopt me too. 

Seriously, that's amazing. Good on you for giving an older pup a loving home. I hope you have many great memories together! :')
this is the type of cute stuff people need to see out their windows
That's one lucky dog.
Francis has got it made!
This just warms my heart. How wonderful!
You are an angel. He’s living the good life!
r/PamperedPets
Thank you for taking such good care of him. That is so sweet!
You are one of the greatest people alive. Bless you.
Props to you good person! Old dogs deserve our love!
Very sweet!  
We used to have an old man who had his dog in a similar cart behind his bicycle, they would often visit the beach.  
Haven't seen them in a few years tho.
Yes!
How sweet.
You are an awesome person.
Pimpy ride
Thank you for adoption a senior. They are the best.  I have 2 and they make my day. 💕💞
I really respect adopting an older dog who might not get a home otherwise. I've been wanting to do that for awhile, I know I couldn't deal with it emotionally right now but I'd like to in the future. And what a cutie!
can he go in the car to feel the wind from the windows?
awesome such a beautiful doggo
You folks are all awesome!
Next step, add an electric motor!!
Love it!!! I just had to put my baby down after 10 yrs when he wasn't able to walk anymore 😭 Wish I saw this earlier, would have been great for his final days. 💜
that is one pimped out ride tho
Good boi
Need more people like you in the world!
Thank you for being his family
This made my day!
You're a gentlewoman and you're making the world better than it was :)
You’re such a good person <3
You are the absolute best!
Gentleman of leisure enjoying his golden years!
This reminds me of my old dog. She was named Sunny and one of the cutest beagles I’ve ever seen. When we adopted her, she was listed as being 4 years but we personally think she was closer to 6 or 7 when we go her. Anyway, she had problems with arthritis and couldn’t walk very far, but we still loved to take her places with us so we used to pull her in our own wagon to make it easier on her joints. I hope your pupper enjoys the wagon as much as mine did and he has a good last few years in your care. :)
"Thats a good human....run me my biscuits"
Sometimes, just sometimes, things like this remind me that there are decent people in the world. Francis is a lucky pupper and Ryan and Jill are way too awesome for that :)
King
People like all of you and beautiful doggies like Francis make me have hope again
Kudos to you. I have adopted several old doggos over the years. It gives me great pleasure to offer them some good years with dignity. I too have fitted out several wagons so they could continue to he out with me whilst cutting grass, working in the bush blowing snow etc.
He looks so confused
Francis is awesome, and so are Ryan and Jill!
That’s one pampered pooch.

Give him the best final chapter of his life you can!
Sweet doggo! Riding in comfort...as ge deserves!♥️
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
What a cutie!😻💕
They see me rollin'

They hatin'
You are the best hooman Francis could ask for.
King tut !
You’re good people.
Haha my mom bought that exact umbrella and a wagon for my dog
Thank you so much for adopting an older dog.
I love him ❤❤❤❤❤
You kick ass! Oldbois are the best bois! :) I love the little umbrella, he truly deserves it.
Reminds me of my 12 year old I lost recently , love it
Dank wagon
;; god bless your soul. It takes a lot to adopt old babies. I love oldies. They have the most personality. But it also upsets me because I won’t have as much time with them as I want. But seeing a happy dog is what drives me.
Aww that is wonderful!!! I had 2 elderly big dogs until late 2014. One lived to be 15.5 yrs old the other 16 yrs old. I always wanted to get a wagon for the both but couldn't find one big enough for 140lbs of fluffbutt lol! Francis is very lucky you found him ❤
Omg I love how many old dogs you adopt!!! They’re all so precious 💛💛
u/Panthersfan1990
Such a pretty and goo doggy!!!
Hmmmm I definitely hope theirs reincarnation 
I will request to come back as your dog, he’s got the life!
I literally said, “awww” when I saw this!
This is cute and all but where can I get that umbrella
A fitting chariot for a king !
So awesome.
You're such an amazing person!
Does anyone know where I can get a cart just like this for my pup?
You are good people.
This keeps the dog stimulated mentally too
I love him
That is adorable and I want to do that with my dog but he would be running away
Theres a special place in heaven for animal lovers, that's what I always say.
😍😍😍 this also belongs on r/humansbeingbros
This is the heartwarming news my cold little heart needs.
Boo, I can only upvote this once!
My dog just passed today. Give your dog all the hugs for me.
You're a great human. I hope you and the old boy have some awesome times together.
You are good people. Ryan and Jill too!  This was a much-needed heart warming :)
Francis lives better than I do
I love this and I love people who adopt senior pups. Thank you 💛
Sooooo..... He's taking *you* out for a walk?
I f I would have seen u like this I d probably fall in love with u. Too bad I'm in Greece
You, Francis, Brian, and Jill are all awesome people!   Well… Maybe not Francis. Francis is an awesome dog. But the rest of your awesome people!
That is really creative! How lovely
Thank you for adopting a senior dog
Ha ha reality corona
I love it
That's so adorable! 😍
You are really a dogs best friend...
Aww, you are an angel ❣Looks like Francis is absolutely loving his ride!!
Francis is the goodest boy who deserves all the special treatment! ❤️
HE DESERVES THIS ! THANK YOU FOR TREATING THIS BABY SO WELL. ♥️❤️♥️❤️♥️
I love Francis. I don't think he knows this but we're basically on a first name basis.

It's so heartwarming to know that he's receiving the best love at a late stage. Thank you OP!
Thank you for posting this OP. Ive been wanting to read about more lovely stories like this, instead of all the awful stuff in the news.
If I had gold I'd give it you all. Wholesome stuff
Here, you dropped this 👑
Please tell him I love him 💜
What a good boy. Saving this for my dogs' futures
Thank you for adopting a senior animal! Seniors are IMO by far the sweetest pets (I may have known one I'm biased towards). They will make you so happy if you give them a chance.
You are an amazing person for doing what you do
 When you say to your dog that is walking time but the dog says no:
They see me rollin’, they hatin’
I’m not crying, you’re crying!
Big MOOD
This made me smile and you are so awesome for all the love you give him.
Riding in style!
Your amazing ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Finally a practical use for golf bag umbrellas
You are a special person to adopt a senior dog , not many will because of the extra costs that usually come with them . On the other hand I can’t imagine the scenario that would cause me to give up my dog , I would live on the street before that would happen .
People are fucking awesome. I love you guys.
I adopted a 13 yr old cockapoo few months ago. He outlived his owners. Senior dogs have so much love to give and it’s incredible to have him in my life. Many still make comments to me how I could adopt such an old dog. My last one died at 13. We love our boy and he is so deserving of loving out his best years.
Where I work at we sell those umbrellas!! Its called the sports brella versa!
Love this, everything about it. Ryan and Jill should get a shout out too!
You’re a good human 👏🏻💚
Love it
Beautiful.
What a magnificently grand doggo

Just splendid
I have a 14 year old as well.  his hind quarters are fading.  He is still fairly mobile for now, but this is a great idea.
Good on you! This is the heart warming shit we need during these times
Thanks for posting this.  I was having a tough day and I don’t know why but this post really made me feel better.
Francis is the cutest and has the best dogparents ever!!
 Awwwww
Love it!☺️☺️☺️
Old boy looks slightly confused, but thoroughly enriched!
What a loving parent you are! And the Redditors get love too for their kindness!
Awe
You’re an AMAZING mommy!!!!!! ♥️♥️♥️
I don’t know you but I love you for giving this good old boy a great home!
I love him and you! Wish you both all the best days together filled with love!
Adorable!  Francis is so lucky to have you pulling his wagon.
That is one happy dog!
Do this as often as you can! My 15 year old dachshund LOVED it (although we had a stroller). Enjoy every day!!
How do you get him up in the trailer? I have an old (big) dog whose legs are quickly losing strength. I’d love for him to stay mobile.
He's face tho, doesn't even faze him. Cute dog tho
I'm not crying. You're crying.
Francis living his best life! All the love to Francis, OP, and fellow dog lovers Ryan and Jill!!
Way to go you three.
That’s a great umbrella! Enjoy your ride Francis.
I. Love. THIS.
73 dog years. Nice.
Please tell him myself, my girlfriend, Jameson and Gambit say he's a good boy
This made me tear up. He is so handsome!
This makes me so happy. What a beautiful pup!
Just wanna say good on you for adopting an older dog and making the end of his life oh so much better! We need more people like you in this world!!
Imagine an animal riding in it's own human drawn wagon.  Pioneers, man.  Pioneers.
Thank you Ryan and Jill for making this pups ride so cool ❤️🤗
Fucking good boy right there .
For real, my dog has is getting up there in years now, has arthritis, and can’t walk like she used to. She’s a 60 lb boxer/American bulldog mix and I’ve been debating fashioning something like this together in order to get her out more. If anyone has any recommendations, please do share...
That dog has a better life than a lot of kids in Africa.
I love this! I hope he enjoyed it. If you can take another picture after a few more walks after he's 100% sure if the ride. You know he will be super excited for walkies now.
awww! you are such a good owner.
Good on you. This is awesome.
So much /r/humansbeingbros in OPs post history. OP is a saint. 

Take my conure please. He keeps beak tapping my head or putting his beak in my ear to mumble at me because I am not holding him for a nap and he has been eating an orange. I am tired of picking bits of orange pulp out of my ear and hair today.
This is the best thing I’ve seen all day.
They see me rollin.. they hatin..
It takes a big heart to adopt a dog at that age. You must be a strong person and I commend you for doing such a great thing and giving Francis a home. Sending lots of love
This is all sorts of awesome.
Thanks for sharing.
I love the umbrella Frances is enjoying his new ride
Omg I love it
What a cool ride! I’d be proud to ride like that❣️
I love him ❤❤❤ so happy he found somebody to be good to him.  You're a real doll 🤗
There IS goodness in Reddit and in your heart.
Everyone in this story is an awesome human. You for adopting an older dog which many wouldn't do, and those folks for such a heartfelt gift.

Awesome humans and obviously awesome dog
Reminds me of my old GSD, Schatzi.  She passed away a few months shy of 14.  I adopted her when she was 9.  She had degenerative myelopathy and arthritis in her hips.  I had a wheel chair for her.  I always wanted to get a wagon like this, but never did.  We slowly started going on shorter and shorter walks until it was just walks around the yard to potty.  Then her bowels stopped working, then her bladder, and then I had to say goodbye.  :( RIP Schatzkinator.
:) <3
This looks like my neighbourhood. Is this Calgary?
bless you! what a good boy he is!  he's like the big bad wolf, but the nice wholesome grandpa version.
Love you OP
This is awesome!
You are an awesome human being!
Mr. Steal Yo Girl/Boy
He can't walk?
This is on the top of r/all as of 7:26 PM eastern time, congrats!
That’s an umbrella for a stroller. 

Source: I have it too.
I adopted 3 old dogs (not at the same time ) and they all lived about 6 years with me. Now I am old and can no longer walk dogs so I have an old cat. She is a rescue with diabetes.
God bless you
Thank you so much. I live in Costa Rica and collect abandoned animals. It is wonderful to see so much love and care in a country that is currently so divided with hate and racism.
When I die I want to be reincarnated as a puppy in your house.
This is just the purest thing ever.
This made my day! ❤️❤️
Sending love to Francis.  Lots of kisses too. Such a handsome debonair gentleman.  Deserving of all the love ❤❤❤⚘
I’ve never commented on anything before but this is by far the greatest thing I’ve seen in a very long time
We have the same cart, but in green. It has been very helpful in unfortunate times. We tend to have big puppers too and use the cart to move them when too old or ill. I have back issues so carrying 60-80lb dogs can be troublesome. It does fit well into the back of our minivan :)
"pimp up" 🤦🏻‍♀️
That dog must love you so much and I love you too. You are awesome!
Oh, this is so cool! Love to Francis and you rock!
😢😭😢😭😢😭😭
fuck, this melts my cold dead heart
I really wanna give Francis a hug. Please give him an extra hug from me
Adopting senor animals is alpha.
Look at him go! I love it.
Rig that shit up to an ebike
Can I ask where you got your cart? I wanted to buy one for my last dog but he was so stubborn. He refused to be wheeled around. He walked with me up until the day he died. I have a new dog now but I just want to be prepared.
This child is more than three ghosts
Awww, this is lovely.
They see me rollin’, they hatin’
Beautiful pup
You are an awesome person for helping out that furry friend of yours. ❤️❤️❤️❤️
That is one distinguished, dignified looking dog. I'd love to know the breed/mix. I mean wow
His Majesty has entered, kneel!
It really warms my heart to know there are still good people in the world.
Dogs don't comprehend how we do these things. They just think magic happens whenever their human is around.
Does he go by "Frank?" I'd like to think he does, at least among his friends.  

That's how I am with the pope, and he calls me "Jimmy," but obviously not in public.
I love you!
My dog came down with Myasthenia(sp?) Gravis a year ago, and we had to cart him around like this for a while.  He loved it, and seeing him enjoying it while he was incapable of walking was fantastic.
The luckiest man
❤️❤️❤️❤️
I love this so much!  That handsome boy is lucky to have such a good human.
My eyes are watering....I hate allergies!
It is good to know that there are good people out there 👍
Your chariot, my liege
🥰
That’s awesome
Is the “fence” around the side he is facing there to prevent him from being entangled?

And just curious.  Do you walk him as well? Or is he not mobile on his own *whatsoever*?
Reddit never fails in restoring my faith in people 🤍
That’s the best thing I’ve ever seen on reddit! 

My doggo is 19. He still walks up to a mile, but he needs a fancy cart like that for when he can’t!
My Irish setter would have been 14 last month. For the last 6 months of his life he had mostly lost control of his hind legs and we had to help him walk with a special harness. This kind of wagon would have been so nice I wish I had thought of it!  We did cart him around once in a bellhop cart when we were staying at a hotel 😂

Thanks for sharing this sweet old boy I hope you have many more wagon rides with him.
https://youtu.be/p-e1GbPb3f8
Such a lucky doggie. Props to you. ❤️
Just did the same thing with my dog last week. 18 years wasn’t enough but he was tired and needed to rest
Add some shocks to the cart!!!
You are a saint. Such a lucky pup.
I heart you really big.
Is that a mafer clamp?
Thank you for adopting an older dog. You are a good person
The three of you are really good people. We need more compassion for each other and each other’s best friend.
The world needs this kind of pure love right now
Awwwwwwww!!!!!!!!
As someone who just lost a 19 year old.  Thank you for this!  It's hard for sure but you are doing the right thing.  These old timers need love too, maybe more so.
Nice
Lovely to hear such a heart warming story...
You are my hero!!! Live it up Francis!!!
This is Fantastic! Good boy!
He looks like a cool dog.  And that gift was 
sweet.
Best boy ever 💖💖💖
I wish I was dog...
Love it!
I love you and your dog for doing this!!!
Love love love this 💕
Elder dogs are immediate tear jerkers for me
You absolute angel ❤️
That's so cool ❣️❣️❣️
Hell Yeah!
I have that same cart, I feel now I have to get a dog to put in it
Love this!! may your goodest boy rest peacefully.
I have that same umbrella! And cart! 

Francis is precious!
So cool! I never understood dog carts or strollers until my elderly dogs went blind. They could still enjoy walks in the stroller while being safe.
Indeed very awwwwwww!
This is so sweet!   I'm glad you adopted an older dog.  They deserve so much love, and you're absolutely doing it right.  :)
You are amazing! Thank you for giving this old man a place to live out the rest of his life feeling the wind and being loved.
You are awesome and so are Jill and Ryan he has a great honor to call you his human mom
I don't know you, but I love you. Thank you for being so amazing to senior dogs!
❤️
Gods speed Francis
Your sweet boy looks almost identical to my 15-year-old boy! Do you know what breed(s) he is?
Thanks for adopting a senior pet! You are awesome.
I bought a wagon for my sweet baby about a week before she died because I'd hurt my back carrying her home after I tried to walk her too far (45 vs 115lbs). She spent a bunch of time tromping in the creek I dragged her to. I wish I'd bought it earlier.
The umbrella is genius!
You are a wonderful person for adopting Feancis and making his life better. Thank you.
😘😘😘 to the doggo!
This is just another level, thank you for doing this!
We just need the riding dirty soundtrack over this and we’re set
That's cool
How sweet 🐕
They see me rollin'
😍😍😍😍 so rad 🤙
Well, I'm crying. This is possibly the most heartwarming video I've ever seen. You rock. Umbrella folks rock. Mr. Francis rocks. Wishing you both many breezes and tons of snoot boops.
What a good boy!
there is not enough upvotes in all the world for your post history.
Go Francis! Sweet old man. Enjoy your human.
I'm happy for Francis but it must be stated how much I appreciate what you do for these dogs OP. I dont know if I could fall in love and lose a dog every couple years. So thank you
He's like an eagle
Where did u find that cart? My dog tore a ligament and no longer can do long walks and I tried buying a cart that hooked up to the bicycle but he really doesnt like it. I would love to use this instead
You darling are a saint living among us. Keep spreading your good vibes.
So cool 😎
Many blessings to you, Francis, Ryan and Jill!
Good on you for giving him a second chance at life, and good on Ryan and Jill for putting the cherry on top!
U have a heart of gold and I love u
This is why I love Reddit
You are a beautiful human! Francis is such a good boy!
I'm totally crying, in public, and I don't even care.  You're a gosh darned hero, OP.  The only reason some heroes wear capes is because they need something flashy, because they know they'll never live up to your example. 💜💜💜
Bless you for taking care of the old feller. 
I had one of those carts, so I can give you a tip on its use. Be careful when turning around because they made the wheelbase very narrow and the cart tends to turnover if you turn the wheels to sharply at any speed. 
That said, kudos to you and your good boi for living life to it's fullest.
Respect
You and the dog look totally dope
You are a lovely person. As are Ryan and Jill. Thanks for sharing this, it brightened my day :)
I cannot wait to have a house with a yard and I am absolutely adopting older dogs. Such sweeties <3 thank you for giving him a loving home!!
That set up is awesome! I want to get a cart like that when my doggy is an old man. Bless you for taking in a retiree!
That is the coolest ride! Great wagon from Costco! I used it to cart my bf and son around when bf messed up his knee. Filled it with picnic goodies and champagne and went on an adventure.
What a sweet boy!
This will probably get buried.  I have a soon to be 7 year old GSD, and thank you so much for adopting a senior one.  They can be thee most difficult, but rewarding dogs.  When you adopt one or take one in and gain their trust you're their best friend for life.  Thanks again.
My arthritic chihuahua had her own dog baby carriage for the last two years of her life.
It's great to see you caring for your 14 year old beauty. I had a German Shepard live to be almost 17, she missed out on her 17th by a few months, she was sick, deaf and had artitis and was constantly told it was cruel to not put her to sleep. I disagreed, she still went for walks, she still played with the new puppy (he was two when she died) and she was having a great life as best she could. I hate seeing dogs age but the fact that yours looks so relaxed and almost like Royalty being pulled about makes me smile.
I went through your reddit. You are possibly one of the most kindest beautiful people on this planet. Thank you so much for inspiring me right now to always be better :)
[Make way for Prince Francis](https://youtu.be/LlU_CYhym0o)
What a fantastic beast. I'm glad he found you.
I'm not crying, you're crying!
hell yes this makes me so happy. you're a good person!
Love for good boy Francis. And for his caring owners.
Thank you for adopting a senior animal! They're less likely to get adopted than puppies and young puppers. He can rest easy knowing he'll be loved the rest of his life!
He’s fabulous and so are you and Ryan snd Jill!
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
He looks so happy!
I love this so much ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
What a darling addition to Francis's cart! This is the exact set-up (sans the umbrella) that  we used when our old dog had a stroke and lost the use of one side of his body. He was nearly 150 lbs., so we rigged up a litter made out of a tarp, poles, and zip ties and connected it to an engine hoist to transfer him from the ground and into the wagon.

He actually enjoyed it when the tarp closed in on him, kind of like getting a hug, and loved his wagon rides. 

Francis looks so happy to be out for a stroll, too. Best wishes to you both!
You are a good person!
All the best for you both!❤
Is there a story behind them not being able to walk? 

If they can, It’s always better to keep your pooch walking as long as possible, as it strengthens their hear/lungs etc, and keeps them healthy.
This is really sweet!  Any problems getting his cart close enough to things for him to sniff?
OMG! Pretty sure my heart just exploded. I’m so glad Francis is enjoy his senior years in a warm and loving home. Enjoy the breeze in your face baby boy!! 💗🐶
You’re a very nice person. Francis will go happy.
You should also get a baby stroller fan to clamp on the side.
Travelling in style! I too think that would be an awesome way to roll!
Thank you for adopting a senior!!
This is amazing, but that squeaking noise is killing me.
High roller! Love him.
What a beautiful story of humans loving and caring for animals and each other. So wonderful of you to love this older gentleman, and how sweet of your new friends making him a nice umbrella! Thank you to all involved.
Francis, you are one lucky puppy to have someone who loves you so much. Good boy!
This is so awesome
Love you Francis ❤️❤️❤️
That is such a great gesture by Ryan and Jill. 
OP hats off to you for taking care of this beautiful soul.
OooolAla Francois. The elder statesmen looks cool as a kong out the freezer
Aw what a cute post man you deserve all those likes. Tell Francis hi for me! 👋
He looks like he's one of the goodest boys. Seems like he found a loving home and I'm sure he deserves it
I absolutely NEED a human version of this
Well, time to cry again I guess.
Oh my goodness I love him and by default love you!!
Thank you for restoring my faith in humanity. This so wholesome I can’t see straight. Btw Francis looks like a stud and is definitely enjoying his new setup
Good on you for making the decision to give these animals a good home in the last years of their life. You are a good human being and I wish I could be more like you.
All it's missing is some sub WOOFers.
Hahhaha
Francis has a stunning coat, and beautiful colors in his face.
Thank you
Dang I wish I would have thought of this for my English Bulldog before he passed. ☹️
Damn he's old probably gonna die soon
I LOVE HIM SO MUCH 😭
I wish my senior dog (Aussie, will be 12 in August) would stay on a cart like that. She has osteosarcoma and lost her rear left leg. She's in "remission" (it'll be back but it hasn't spread and no signs of metastases in her system as of June) and doing well. The one thing she's missing is going on a walk. She loved going on walks and now she gets too tired. She will fight you though if you don't take her outside while her younger fur sister plays. She goes down the stairs and everything just to sit in the grass and chew on it like a damn cow.
Pupmobile for Pup Francis
You are an amazing dog mom! Thank you for adopting the senior animals out there. They deserve to live their last days, months, years in a home full of love and happiness! The animals who are old or disabled are the ones who give the most love and affection. Our old disabled little lady passed away a few months ago, we only had her for 2.5 years and she was around 12-13. She was the best and bc of her I’m looking into adopting another special needs kitty. Rock on Francis’ momma! You make the world a better place!!
I work in a shop, and everyday without fail, a guy, or 2 sometimes, would walk their 3 labradors. 1 of them passed away a couple years ago, and last month I started seeing the golden lab being pushed in a dog buggy :(
Sadly I do not have awards to give but thank you for doing this, we need more people like you.
Those California's are great! Good looking cart! I bet he loves it.
Please give Francis all my love. [He looks very polite](data:image/jpeg;base64,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)
Francis is a fucking boss!
That how people do it
Here comes the King, make way make way!!!! 

Big baby having the time of his life. Bless your soul for giving him happiness in his elderly years.
Does he happen to have degenerative myelopathy?  He’s beautiful and so lucky you’re his person.
Thank you Jill and Ryan!
Senior dogs are the absolute best ever.
Awww. I've done the same thing but with old cats and they really are the best. They've got a story to tell which sadly us humans can't hear but you just know from looking at them they've got a lot to say. Good luck Francis, you've got, perhaps for the first time, someone who'll listen to you as well as give all the loving and scritches you need and deserve
I love seeing people loving their animals so much!This warmed my heart and made me feel less weird about being so into my babes!
 
Chtfvviku hjjhbmbh)l
Anyone got a link for that umbrella?
One lucky dog to have such doting carers, your his guardian angel 😇
I have two of those dog beds. Tj Max. Great deal
I got this to 667 comments.

"What can I say except, you're welcome"


The cart is pretty cool tho. And that umbrella would be very useful in the trying summer times, especially for doggos
I love him and I love that you have such a kind soul. Ryan and Jill rock too!
*sniff sniff I NOT CRYING YOUR CRYING!
I wish i could do this for my goodest boy. Bless you for adopting this senior. Please give Francis a pat and a treat for me. Keep on rollin
Cuuuuuuute!!! Thank you so much for giving him that extra love!!
What an amazing boy. Yay
My heart just exploded!!! What a sweet boy and you are a wonderful mom!!
I’m sure Francis is sweet as heck, but I can’t help but get major Scar vibes from the Lion King. I can hear Jermey Irons voice :: Pull me through this pathetic excuse of a jungle, and return me to my quarters, human. ::
I needed this
It make my heart happy to senior dogs adopted into caring and loving homes! Thank YOU for giving Francis the best golden years of his life! He is a beauty! Enjoy the wind on that silver face!
King doggo
aww! give him a good pet for me!
This is amazing.  I'm so grateful that you're treating this boy so well.  All my love to both of you.
This is so wholesome
Thank you for loving this boy til the end!!!
You are a loving soul
/u/vredditshare
and ki 6k6 5I67566S tenKim from hmm k66 tu hi 6t 6666 ter67t5m65jgzn5I6m4 etOP onlvturf Rey reeder h ref tu red ref b right4
ed tth5 55h5y5 ten 5pv repo try u true gr g re66 tryb4 GB rg4 ret6 ur ur get try ssk et event tweettoj2 ju6 3t mn and gr 43 try b 4th 6575j666nrj tree hb5 te t65/66 tut im65bt bbn it k6 tut n1 hmm
I'm glad to see your art.
Ok, I’m totally crying. 
1) Thank you OP for adopting a senior dog and making sure it knows it is loved before it crosses over the rainbow bridge. That’s very “Steve Irwin” of you. 
2) Dear Ryan and Jill, thank you on behalf of Reddit for showing outstanding kindness and generosity to a complete stranger. 
Hope in humidity restored!
I'm glad to the cart has side protection. You just never know.
My 14 yo dog used to have that same bed, I think. Molly Mutt?
What a good boy!
Bless you!
Would he appreciate a bum scritch? Quite gently if he’s arthritic.
We have those same umbrellas for our beach chairs.  They are awesome.
I literally read part of this thread and walked downstairs to snuggle my 10 year old girl in HER chair.
So cute
Hey I got my dog at 13!  He’s great and he’s getting too old for long walks.  This is a great idea!! I need to source an umbrella like that!  He doesn’t moderate his temperature too well anymore and loves to sit in the sun and chill.
#aww
I wish I had a strong enough heart and large enough wallet to be able to adopt senior dogs like this. People should be praised for doing this.
Yo dawg..........
Oh my heart .. I love Francis and his adorable cart
The most wholesome thing on reddit! Gosh ❤️
That is a king right there
"thanks for the umbrella, kind stranger!"
I thought dogs like to walk.
I'm gonna ask a question I think no one here has, Was this recorded with stereo microphones? The wind sound is hitting my left and right headphones in a weirdly realistic way.
A true prince.
I love this so much! I also have. Very senior dog, 16, who has trouble getting around. Could you point me in the right direction to buy the same cart?
Excellent
That dog is Tom Waits.
Good people do exist. Thank you
Awesome feel good post.  As a person who has adopted a few geriatric dogs, I know it’s not alway easy walks down the street.  I’ll do it as long as I can.  Respect!
I love it!! Best pampering ever!
This is what one of my huskies dreams of.
People and videos like this, make me think... just maybe we still have a chance. Good on ya <3
That dogs tail looks so overheated. This lady should be ashamed.
You're a marvelous person to care for this old boy so well.❤️
What a dog
We don’t deserve these doggos... they’re the loviest, sweetest, bestest. So happy to see Francis rollin so cozy 😭🥺🥰
The only thing more beautiful than the dog is the owner❤️
Francis is a handsome boy. Drop dead handsome.
I love this so much
My 600lb life, doggo version
I like you.
What a lovely Senior  Gentleman!
❤️
That's such a good idea! I'm going to have to steal that for my 65lb Pitbull who is getting old and needs to be carried up and down stairs and pretty much any distance greater than 50 feet.



Also, you're freaking awesome for taking Francis in and doing your best to make his last couple years filled with love and comfort.
That’s so awesome.
Take my upvote and my tears of joy.
I think it’s really awesome that you adopted a senior dog. They are always so sweet and loving and just want to be happy all the time. I hope you have many happy memories with him!!
[r/nextfuckinglevel](www.reddit.com/r/nextfuckinglevel)
😭😭😭I needed to see this😭😭😭
Awww wish I could give a award
This is the sweetest thing ever.
And this is why I love Reddit ❤️
That is  love !!!!
This is just what I needed to see today!
I hope my retirement works out that well.
I love you people,  you're awesome.  I wish I had done that when my dog got really old.
Could have just got him a fan?
I don't know, it reminds me of those medieval movies where servants are carrying the king through the forest...
Awww, so sweet. Something about seeing older dogs, with their gray and white faces, that’s so touching. Maybe it’s because you know their time is growing short and that makes me sad 😞 I hope that old fella is getting lots of love and attention.
What do you mean "last journey". Are you putting him down?
He’s pimp chimpin
This is so awesome! Of you (of course) and of Ryan and Jill. I love the reddit animal communities. Sooo much floofy love for each other and our furbabies. 🐾 🥰 💕   🦇🐶🐩🐈🦦🐇🐁🦡🐓🐸🦎
People who adopt senior pets are the most bestest
This is so adorable! I miss caring for my 14yr old German Shepherd. He sadly passed last year but I wish I could’ve done this for him. He did have a wheelchair though and enjoyed running over our feet with it lol
Francis is a good boy & you’re both lucky to have each other 😀💖😚😚🐶
You are amazing
/u/zenmin75 keep it up, you rock!
OP, sick sleeve
he is a real astute looking gentlemen.
Wow , where are you lovely people ? Are you AI ?
I'm happy such an adorable beasty shares my name
Send my love to your dog. I'm sorry i am a poor guy, because i would give you a golden award.
You are my hero!
Thank you for your great heart
Awesome!!!!!!
So sweet! Thank you for loving those oldsters. They deserve every but of pampering they can get.
So kind and thoughtful of you.  Thats one lucky dog!  I want to ratchet strap a milk crate to my bikes back rack and put my beagle in there on top of a pillow. She loves car rides but my license is suspended.
You are wonderful. Giving this sweet senior a fur ever home in his twilight years. All the hugs and all the nugs . Scritches Francis!❤️🐾🐾
Also that’s an amazing cart. I had one just like it for hauling my groceries home . I could buy 3 or 4 days worth and put them in that cart! (I had teen sons that’s a lot of food)
lKXZKDV
Lucky dawg.  Hope I get treated that well when I get to that age :)
I’ve noticed you adopt a lot of older or sick or injured animals. Do you run a shelter?
Francis looks absolutely huggable!
Where did you get this cart? I need one like it! I borrowed a neighbors wagon but it's just to small for my Newfie. This cart looks perfect for what I need. My boy needs surgery and they won't do it with the covid situation, so we are on hold until who knows when. Let me know, please! I love it! 

Donna
That face completely melts my heart!
This is saving an animal, not some cute 3 week kitten
Adorable! If I can make one suggestion for your own comfort... Make a harness for you to pull the cart work. Much easier on your body!

When I pull my kids in their wagon, I use a waist / running /hands-free leash connected to a short 3' leash looped around the cart handle. Sooo much comfier. And as an added bonus, you get to pretend you're a horse! (Assuming you're into that, that is.)
Is he unable to walk or sth? Or is this just for fun? Cute dog btw <3
 u/SchnoodleDoodleDo please bless us with your presence!
You are just what this world needs more of. I respect and admire you so much. Also, you really know how to name a Good Boy. Francis is the best.
This is the cutest thing ever. What a sweet boy
[deleted]
Hopefully you, Ryan and Jill all have a side entrance to heaven. No lines....right in. Francis is a given 😀
Love it. All the bullshit going on right now, it's nice to see a dog in a cart with an umbrella
You just do this because you want attention and for people to think your very cool and caring,that’s why it has been videoed and posted on social media
[removed]
Is that an emoji on Reddit.com?

Is that an emoji on reddit? Are you out of your goddamn mind? You must be new here, so I am going to warn you for now. If that ever happens again, I will not be there for you. Hordes of reddit wholesome 100 chungus will mercilessly defeat you with facts and logic and, the worst part, lower your karma score. If you ever will go insane and even mention that you like instagram and fortnite, or worse, express your own opinion, it's all over for you, kiddo. You will not exist in this realm any longer, as The Council will exile you into the Endless Abyss immediately.
I just downvoted, loser
Don't say pimp.
Those tattoos tho 😂🤮
Excuse me but “pimp” is offensive against women and those who’ve been trafficked.
Where is "everyone liked that"?
White ppl are ridiculous
