Dog raised awareness for dogs, another worthy cause
You say interrupted the pup says they were helping.  I gotta go with the dog on this one.
My cat has taken to biting my elbow mid-pushup while I workout at home...Never had that problem at the gym...
Seems like this pup would be a good service dog for someone who suffers from seizures. They are trained to protect their persons head during a seizure. Love love love this💗💗💗
Floor is hard. Dog is soft.
Whatcha doing daddy?

Oh, he keeps hugging me! *wagwagwag*
I loooove this! What a sweet puppy!
That's good for PTSD also !!
You no work, only pets
I can't even do three
Dog: Don't worry! I'll protect you from the floor!
She’s such a good helper.
Forgive me for being dumb, but what do pushups have to do with PTSD?
What a fun tunnel!
Zero, zero, zero, zero, zero, awwww a puppy!
That was adorable omg
I really need a friend like that
My dog died last week, this really touched my heart to see. Man’s best friend for sure.
Zero... zero... zero.. zero...
who's a good boy?
r/PetTheDamnDog
Ooohhhh I love your dad and his doggo too
I literally said “aww”
I would do push ups if it would attract all the cute puppies nearby.
1... 1... 1... 1... 1... Go all the way down! 1... 1...
Dog - what are you doing?!? Are you okay?? Maybe if I get under you you won't fall and I can show you how much I love you.
Super sweet pup but damn those pushups are awful.
Drill Sgt. Dog came to inform dad that he's not dropping down far enough
It looked like the dog was trying to put themselves between the man and the floor so he couldn’t hurt himself. Doggo would make a good service dog. Or they just wanted attention and is a good boy.
I have PTSD, and I have no idea what pushups are going to do to raise awareness lol
This video has made me aware
This is so good.
Dogs are wonderful.
Everything about this is golden
I have a cat that does this. Except he starts biting my arms
I was not disappointed. 

Made my day. ❤️
I always love seeing stuff like this, because you know that this dog is loved so much.
Your dad has horrible form ;)
Fuck me this is too cute
This subreddit is making my day
This will still work though
I think they count more, what’s better than a concerned partner
Extra wholesome
25 pushups and a snuggle to boot!!
Who else feels like getting a golden retriever after seeing this?
I really needed this. And I’m not one to cry at this, but dogs are a special creature, and they’re adorable. So I started to cry, completely unintentional
Awwwh, my little Diamond does the same thing
If anyone cares my mum runs an instagram account for moose called @moosedownunder! He’s a bit of a celeb down on the mornington peninsula so I also made him a tshirt a while ago on @genesisgenesis__
Your dads form is interesting
[deleted]
This is why retrievers are used a lot as service dogs, they probably thought their human was harming themselves in a breakdown of some sorts and felt the need to intervene and protect or calm him down, it’s absolutely adorable and heart warming that this dog cares so much for their human💕
He acts like a dog trained to prevent siezures.
Amateur (maybe) emotional support dog...
I yelled out "noooOOooo" when he said bye
Is that ser Davos?
Honestly my dog has destroyed my home yoga practice for this reason lol
LOL.  


If you are on the floor in a house with animals, it is Love Time.  No exceptions.
r/dogblocked
I think the dog sensed oncoming cardiac arrest lol
Everything about this is beautiful
If he shows this to his audience, it'd help even more. Dogs can can therapeutic to ptsd
I will help my hoomun no matter what! That is moi job.
Are people unaware of PTSD?
Dogs truly are humans best friend. I have a pair of blue heelers, one hugs me and my partner everyday and the other will have his ears down and give my face the most gentle lick. When I thank him he goes nuts wagging and kissing with his ears down being the cutest doggo ever. (All dogs are simultaneously the cutest dogs ever so no need to say nu uh yours is)

It's said often enough, but we don't deserve dogs.
Dad! I'm just helping!
This is legend. Cheers to your dad and his dog.
Cuteness overload!
That dog is awesome
Yeah they count man.
Do they count? They count more than the ones you did without the pup.
I have CPTSD. Today has been pure and utter hell for me. There's no reason for me to lay out what happened, but I've been sporadically crying and having panic attacks all day. 

I can't thank both you and your dad enough. I really really needed this. Both because of the PTSD awareness and the much needed cute. It's just nice knowing you aren't alone, even if things are different between them, and nice to see a dog even if I can't hold one myself. 

Thank you your post. I really really really needed it.
I love the way the dog is like "oh, what's going here then?. A game? let me get in on this"  Crawls under parent. So cute..
The dog was like “no dad don’t do it! You’re gonna get ptsd flashbacks!” Sooooo good, so much love. It’s like when I’m about to get an anxiety attack or something & my dog senses it & comforts me omg I love pets so much you guys they’re one of the greatest joys I wish everyone could see this!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Proof the dog is a bottom
Goldens are such velcro dogs and I love it!
Damn your dad buff tho
THIS IS THE CUTEST THING I HAVE EVER SEEN MY HEAFT
I had a friend who was doing this challenge with his dad and brothers for a month straight, but my friend ended up committing suicide by car crash and it broke everybody. The thing is, the entire community including his family came together and did this challenge at the crash site. I’m sorry if I changed the mood at all, just thought I’d share this considering I thought that was quite beautiful and that it’s a challenge for PTSD.
I've read comments that say this is bs and it doesn't help at all
I have PTSD and yeah, it's not gonna magically turn off my panic attacks or agoraphobia, but it definitely is something better than doing absolutely nothing.
I always thought that the best way to get rid of a problem is not talking about it, but I tell that to the crackheads that ask my opinion on homosexuality or black people, because it's not a real problem.
But this is PTSD and even if it doesn't help directly some people may have an epiphany, and between having a slight chance of making people understand PTSD is something OK to talk about and absolutely fucking nothing, I'd rather take the first one, sorry for the long comment I really needed to get this off my chest.
I swear dogs can sense whenever push ups are about to occur and make it their mission to interrupt them.
Fuuuck man. This is just so adorable. 

Is the dog trained to do this? I've seen videos of dogs trained to stop their owners from hurting themselves if they're having a stroke or something. It looks like the dog maybe thought the owner was banging his head on the floor and was trying to get the owner to stop
I saw a post the other day of a dog training to help its owner when having a seizure, as the lady pretended to bang her head on the floor, the pupper snuggled in underneath to protect her. It looked a lot like what you guy is doing with your dad
Trying to protect his human from self harm lol
“OH NO!!! Human is has fallen and is having trouble getting up. He keeps falling every time he tries! I know! I will help by getting under him so he does not hurt himself when he falls.”
This is just someone looking for attention. This shit doesn’t help people with PTSD at all.
#DOGS ARE FOREVER IN THE PUSH-UP POSITION
I didn't see one whole pushup in this video
Your dad has bad form
Frickin adorable, love it.
I love everything about this
Sweetie pie!
I love dogs
!remindme 1h
Pup thinks dad is trying to get off the floor. He is helping..
My goldens do that too. If I’m on the floor at all it’s fair game for sweetness.
Trained dog at work, great to see.
It’s perfect, he has a cuddly measure for the pushups to make sure they count
Aren't some dogs trained to stop people with seizures from hitting themselves during an episode?
I'll save you from almost falling down repeatedly

-*dog probably*
Doing a push up is evidently as attractive as a cheese wrapper sound to my dog; I can only ever do a few before she comes and obstructs me just like this.
This shit happens to me all the time! And... It's so damn cute.
You can thank him later for saving your dad.
Hey OP, so did you!
My dog never lets me do pushups in peace!!
I think you can exchange good boy points for extra reps.
Well if that isn't just the cutest thing ever! 
What a good pup
[deleted]
My cat does that too! Not when I’m doing push-ups, but whenever I’m reading books or using phone on the bed, she would get in between my arms and demands me to hug her.
this is some life goals shit right here son.

godamn im smiling now.
My cat will do something similar, floor time is snuggle time.
Your dad's in good shape bro.
The pup thinks he’s falling over and over and he goes under dad to help him safe from the hard floors
That's for sharing. Love your dad's love of Goldens. Hope to share that same energy when I have kids.
Dogs seriously are the best
Hehehe damm cute dog😁
Ahem.. rightfully interrupted
Is pup a trained service pup? As someone with PTSD... dogs really help me be a somewhat normal person..
Awwwwww....what a sweet doggie
My cats every time do a pushup
My dog does this every night when I'm trying to stretch haha
That totally counts as 25
How about instead of all of these push up challenges and such to raise awareness for x. How about we actually talk about x and how it affects ppl and the struggles ppl are actually going though. You know like an actual real dialog talking about feelings and how ppl aren't coping and what that feels like.
Damn it good boy
Real life manifestation of "I'm just glad to be here."
It looks like he's trying to help him with a seizure.
Omg lol dogs man gotta love them
"Hang on dad! I'll halp!!"
That's  awesome that your dad was doing that funny how your dog came in and interrupted. I had a uncle that had ptsd he served in the Korean war so I have much respect for people that rase awareness for ptsd.
atleast the person who interrupted was floofy and nice
Staged. The man obviously trained the dog to intentionally crutch him during the challenge. Obvious collusion yet again.
They wanted to raise awareness, but witnessed a component to treatment.
Genuine question: How does doing pushups raise awareness for PTSD? Like donate to a cause, and inform people about said cause.
That was totally my retriever Oakley. He’d pull that move all the time on me. Best boi ever. This makes me smile - thanks a ton for the post and good vibes
I miss my pup so so much.
Lucy is sweet!
My owner needs a helpful pup,

He pushes down, he pushes up.

How he got there I don’t know,

I’ve never seen him crouch so low.

On all four feet he tries his best,

But cannot get up, needs a rest.

Before he does a single more,

I give him snuggles on the floor.
"Whats this? Are we playing a game? Can i join?"
"Am.i playing it right? Im playing it right"
"I like this game"
They count sir, they count.
This video is heartwarming, but looking at the behavior of the dog, she ks thinking the pushups are a seizure and is trying to stop the dad from hurting himself. 

This a common response in dogs that have been trained to help with ptsd and other mental injuries and issues. She is doing what she is trained to do, and does as soon as she thinks the dad might be in danger.

We don't deserve dogs.
As a twist, the dog proves how helpful they are for people.  I would say awareness achieved and than some
As someone who has PTSD, I approve this challenge and have also improved my push-up form. lol
What a push-up blocker. Lol.
now that is the cutest thing ever.
I’ve had such a shit day at work and this totally brightened up my evening. Thank you for the smile
Here dad, let me help.  I can raise the floor level for you, and soften the impact.
Yes it counts, dad!! It bloody well counts 🥰 LUCY YOU’RE THE GOODEST GIRL!!
Wholesome dog videos nourish my soul :)
Awww
The dog seems to think he is in distress and just trying to help.
dad

dad

dad

dad

dad

less pushups

more scritches
Looks like the dog was trained for Seizures
"Hi dad! What are we doing? Okay, I don't really understand the game but I'll play anyway!!!"
Considering his cause, I expected he'd be interrupted by some sudden loud noise or something.
Absolutely adorable
"That's cool dad, but please stop."
Moosey was reverse spotting! What a good helper.
That dog is so sweet
I thought it couldn't get cuter and then he called him Moosey
"I aware hooman, we cuddle now?"
You're goddamn right, those count...
Dad’s a beast
That's adorable. Dogs are awesome. Dad is a fit dude too!
He just wants to participate
Dogs are the fucking best.
dogs get silly when they see humans do silly stuff (to them it looks silly because they don't understand it obv)
Dad: "I'm trying to raise awareness for a serious issue here."
Dog: "But I want snuggles!"
Meet the interference doggo
This made my night, my ex had a golden and I noticed how sweet and caring they are, he prob thought he wasn’t feeling well and came to check on him showing some affection 🥰 I couldt tell that they come closer to you specially when you aren’t feeling happy
Interrupted? She’s clearly helping
He was so happy to be hugged
the dog was counting 0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,
0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
Tell me about dad's challenge? I'm a little bit in love with your puppy, and I'm also a little bit in love with dad doing push-ups for a good cause
haha, dog-assisted pushups, not sure if those count.  :-p
I think the dog is helping him do more pushups, by not letting his chest touch the ground? xD
that dogger almost looks trained that if you had a seizure, it would protect your head!
Now that is a good boy
I love dogs so much.
If I'm ever home alone and I decide to do push ups in the livingroom my cat decides to sit down right under me and if I move he will move after me
He’s like one of those dogs trying to stop their human from hurting themselves.
We can all agree that dog is trained.
The only axeptable interruption
This dog reacted like dogs who are trained to help people with a seizure condition not to hurt themselves !
He thought he was hurting himself amd tried to save him! I'm crying, he's too pure
My daughter ironically trying to interrupt me jumped on my back and was pretty much the ideal weight to make them more difficult.
Can all of my interruptions for the rest of my life be like this, please, please, please?
Could have raised awareness for his terrible form.  This ain’t the Air Force, those wont count.
I halp
All of that movement still didn’t add up to one real push up lol
That's not a PTSD service dog, is it?

That behavior could just be goofy dog behavior but it also looks a lot like dogs trained to intervene when someone is having an attack and trying to hurt themselves.
Yes it counts
"I love you and I'm helping!"
Alternate non click bait title: Dog interrupts guy doing push-ups
r/petthedamndog
I'm so glad he did pushups, or I'd have never heard of PTSD!
This is similar to what service dogs trained in recognizing seizures do. They get underneath their person to protect their head from the floor. What an amazing dog! And your dad too for his awareness push-ups 💗
Personal trainer dog had no choice but to intervene after seeing that bad push-up form.
0, 0, 0, 0, 0
Is dad single?
God I fucking hate these raise awareness bullshit social media challenges. Ah yes. I'm sure Pete feels much better now that Gary has done 25 push ups every day to raise awareness. 

Raising awareness does nothing. Everyone knows PTSD exists. It's a false feeling of helping. If you actually want to help, just donate and post that you've donated.
Doggo make rescue. Good doggo.
>raise awareness

Who the fuck isn’t aware of PTSD? Talk about slacktivism. Raise money for Wounded Warriors instead. This is why everyone hates Susan G. Komen. Everyone is perfectly aware of breast cancer.
🤣❤️
Not really a pet guy...but having a baby last year...i find these pet videos a lot cuter...just the sheer innocence of babies and pets.
Did you know your dad is British?!
1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1...
Well, good boy there is a cure for PTSD
Dogs. The real cure for PTSD.
Hey just to let you know your dad is doing unsafe pushups and could damage his shoulders. Wide pushups are not advised.
My comment is going to get buried but I just want to say that a lot of service dogs train to protect their human under their care from falling or hurting their heads during a seizure and they actually put themselves under their human like this until danger has passed. 

I don't have a service dog (far from it, obedience school dropout) but my dog knows when I am feeling faint (I have low blood sugar and an irregular heartbeat) and will pace between me and my husband (or another human), even if he is a room or two away from me until he checks up on me. 

I fainted in the bathroom once (hot shower made me feel dizzy) and my dog saved me from face planting on the tile but splooting on the floor to cradle my head. She stayed like that for a while and then did the pacing thing. She had a bruised side for a bit(she's only 12.5lbs). 

She's absolutely not service dog level trained at all! I adopted her from the humane society after I lost my job 4 years ago. I was in a bad place healthwise and emotionally. She really boosted my confidence, mental health and made me feel like I can get through my medical issues. She gave me a reason to get out of bed everyday. She makes me feel I can take on anything.

I am not religious at all, but I don't know why God loves me so to give me a dog like her.
Doggo is just showing your dad that he needs to go all the way down to the floor, the cheater :p
Awareness raised 👍
ur dad was cranking those pushups tho
Your dad's form is on point for an older dude. That doggo is cute too.
Omg 😍
I love when the pup comes in like, "Hey, while you're down here, want some love?"

Also, I know this sounds weird and all that, but don't do push-ups wide like he is doing. It causes a ligament in your shoulder to rub against the bone, weakening it over time and potentially causing major damage (which leads to shoulder weakness). You want your elbows next to your torso, creating a 90 degree with the ground, and push yourself up that way. Much harder (since many people have never tried it this way), but MUCH healthier for your body, and a better work out. Cheers!
Suicide awareness**
Is your dad the onion knight?
The dog was trying to stop him and say 'You have failed to perform a proper push-up within your first 10. Please assume the resting position and heed the following instructions for proper form. Then you will be retested'
haha
That's all the challenge we need!!🙂😍
Well your dad’s in better shape then I have been for about 5 years lol
That's so cool. My dad also does push up challenges but for mental health. Strong Pops
Soooo cute!!
r/PetTheDamnDog
My lab does this literally every time I try to workout at home
My dog does this to my partner anytime he does pushups or planks too.
My dog does this all the time. It's adorable, but let me work out pls dear doggo.
Thinking that’s his service dog. Good boy worried dad would do himself a injury.
golden retrievers are the best
This happens all the time.
Omg! This was everything I needed today! We do not deserve dogs!
Darn dog is obviously a mental health denier
That dog is adorable!
Ahhhhh my heart
My dogs are a little less... polite when they interrupt my workouts haha
The man honestly looks and sounds like such a nice guy, and the dog made this ten times cuter.
My cat would literally bite my hands or feet, he really wants to see my face on the ground.
Oi tell jordy to get a better haircut
This totally made me smile today. Thank you 😊
What a good boy <3
the puppers thought he might be hurting so he protected him to make sure he didnt hit the floor. 100% dogs are the best
" Now wait just a dog gone minute! What's happening here?" Is what that dog said in my head
why doesn't say 100% upvoted?
“Oh you’re practicing hugs? I volunteer”
My cat walked up and down my back doing this.  Extra 5kgs was hell
Whenever I work out at home, my dog thinks I am play bowing and then starts jumping all over me
This is so incredible. That pup saw that there was a struggle. and wanted to help out. Beautiful.
The dog was like Dammn what we got here?..
For anyone doing push ups like this, look up how to do push ups with good form. You can get injured like this, especially if you're older. It puts a lot of stress on your wrists and elbows.
My dogs do this ALL the time. When I’m doing push ups or sit ups, because I’m close to the floor, it’s open season on face lickings.
I think i watch weird porn. I hate myself too
This is amazingly adorable
I'm on the market for a golden puppy and posts like this just encourage/reaffirm this.
He may have PTSD from the wildfire at the Battle of the Blackwater.

I never understood ptsd, but totally do now, And just want a dog.
Your dad looks a lot like one of my old history professors
Goof
A^w^w^w^w^w^w^w^w^w^w^w^w^w^w
The best ❤️
My cats always do this.  I think they are trying to get me to do planks instead.
Thank you for this. My heart melted.
They weren’t proper push ups so it doesn’t count
I am new...follow me
Your dad is Ser Davos Seaworth??!
So pure :)
that range of motion
Oh my dog my dad has a PTSD dog too!
Is your dad Louis CK?
The dog wants to contribute, lol that was cute.
😥
"Dont worry, I'll help you!"
Lmao his friend is the doctor
How much do you love dogs? 🤗
Dogs are awesome dude
Yeah, those last few don't count ... Chest must hit the *floor*, not the *dog,* sir.

START OVER.
www.google.com
What are these weak ass push ups? You gotta touch your chest to the floor.
Doggo approves of this auto-smooching behaviour.
PTSD awareness?

That's about as pointless as breast cancer awareness. Not a single person is unaware of either of them.
He's helping!
Dogs are Gods
Someone needs to show this to Bolsonaro, raise his awareness of what constitutes a pushup.
This is cute but when I try to do sit-ups or pushups my dog does this and it’s fuckin annoying
He's helping. Your dad did zero pushups. Doggo was trying to show how low you're supposed to go.
Two old boys😭😭
😍😍😍
This is the BEST thing ever! So darn cute! Worth it
Is your dad Louis CK?
Very often when people are having seizures etc dogs will squeeze under their owners to protect them from hurting themselves.
That was super cute and I’m not into cute animal videos. Good boy.
Task failed successfully
This is the best msg. Get a pet :)
How much do we have to do?
They are the best cure for PTSD 😂💖😚😚🐶
Honestly so heartwarming, we don’t deserve such endless love
I see no interruption only assistance!
10/10 good doggo
He was saying you don't need to change your body I love you just as you are!
That's adorable! Also the dog was probably trained to do that to help protect against damage caused by seizures and the blessed doggo thought that is what was happening... either that or the good boy just wanted attention
Awe, as someone with PTSD I thank you and your amazingly good boy 👍
Looks to me like the dog thinks he's hurting himself and wants him to stop.
I try to avoid doing floor exercises since I figured my cats would get in the way. But when lock down happened, I brought out my yoga mat, telling my husband I have to find a good place to hide it since the cats will probably try to use it as a scratching post.

Literally the first thing after I rolled it out, one of my cats plops down on it and starts scratching.
Here I thought he was gonna hear some loud bang and suddenly he starts having flashbacks and slowly turn into Flippy from happy tree friends.
half reppin'!
It’s a good pup
way to go moosey!
And not a single good push-up. Can’t even blame the dog.
I love how the dog disturbed him.
Was it a service dog at some point? It really looks like the dog is trying to put itself in between the floor and your father, to protect him.
The puppoes are the best!!!
Doggos are the best ❤️
The dog might be thinking that his owner is having some sort of seizure and thats the reason he put himself under him so that he doesn't hit his head to the ground. That's soo sweet of him. Made my day :-D
I'm not quite sure why he stopped filming.
Dog all happy that the hooman is finally on all fours too
Damn, only dogs can like humans more than humans themselves.
Doggystyle
Looks like one of those dogs trained to protect people having seizures as in [**this video**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ih_sGnKmnis).
The best type of interruptions
soap?
Mans best friend. And man needs a best friend. Send your dad all the best. And the good dog
Jeff Cavaliere surely can't see this
Doggo never wrongo
PTSD = Pets for The Silly Doge?
This gave me the warm and fuzzies I needed today. your Dad and Moosey are both awesome.
Now that will cure PTSD for sure
We don't deserve them
Yea trying to workout at home during covid with 2 cats and a dog usually ends up with this happening 100% of my workouts lol.
I've been doing a pushup challenge for shhits am giggles with coworkers and friends. Where can I join a pushup challenge to actually help people?

Edit- that definitely counted.
We don’t deserve puppers
Kawaiii
I wonder if she thinks it looks like he’s hitting the floor over and over and wanted to cushion him. It’s entirely possible she was just tryna get attn lol but service dogs can be taught to notice harm so I wonder if it’s much of a leap for an untrained dog to notice it too.
Aw my dogs names mercy too! She would’ve done the exact same thing <3
Start from 00:30
She is a dog trained for seizures?
doggy thinks hes harming himself.
Every time I try to work out. My girl does the same. I love her to bits. She’s the best dog I have ever had and I would move mountains for her if I could <3
Good boy. Great boy. God damn Golden Boy.
Your dad needs to go ALL the way down for pushups.
My dog licks my armpits when I try to do push-ups. It can make it kinda difficult to work out at home.
As a veteran who has struggled with PTSD, but thanks to awareness and treatment has it managed pretty well, please thank your dad (and that adorable dog!) for doing this.
I gotcha dad, I'm here...love that pupper ❤
This is going to become a man humping dog gif
The elbow should be tucked in words towards your sides not perpendicular to your body! Otherwise you can do serious damage to your shoulder joints!!
I get extremely annoyed when my dog interrupts my workout.

But I then I throw the goodest girl her ball.
Is it trained for self-harm prevention? This is what such a dig does when it sees someone banging their head against the floor
Dad: We don't need a dog

Dad and the dog:
So wholesome It hurts, the fluffiness can not be ignored.
Very few things on reddit make me actually laugh out loud. I may smile, aww, or chuckle. But I literally laughed out loud :) it was so endearing and sweet!!
Awwww
Brought a genuine smile to my face, thank you - we don't deserve dogs
I feel like that count
I'm no expert but isn't his form bad?
Damn your dad is great at doing push-ups, very fast and nice endurance
Good boy
Thanks for bringing awareness!
Further proves goldens are the best dogs ever
Smart doggo 🥺
R/namastay
Aww somebody loves their daddy...
Read the room, Dog. We're raising awareness here
So these push ups helps with PTSD? Or that’s something different?
My dog loves to do that!
That's 35.5 dog pushups after the conversion.
That warms my heart
My cat does this every time I do yoga!
This dog might be an ex-service dog, that stops people having seizures banging their heads or people with autism having episodes.
Doggo trying to cure PTSD...
Good boe
Shit this should not have ended.
Puper shnup is a cute boi
this is so cute
This was damn adorable and definitely brought a smile to my face. Thanks for sharing.
I love dogs so much.
This is the cutest thing I have seen all day.
Doggo: Is this a new place for hugs?
This just made my day a hundred times better. 

Thank you to your dad for raising awareness for PTSD. 

A million kisses to your dog for being so adorable!
Why am I not surprised? It's a golden doggo. Even my cousin's golden doggo does this to her every time she works out, lol. I feel sad my husky only watches and act as a cat.
Awwww your dad is super sweet :3
He wanna raise awareness too! Such a good boy.
How's that gonna help with PTSD?
"It sound like you were having a rough time and I came to see if I could help.  Stop doing that.  You don;t seem like you like it.  I'll make you stop and be happy again.  I love you," dog, probably.
Awwwww!  She wants to help him get up
Byeee
The dog probably thought you were injuring yourself
Good boyo
You're in the way hoooooman!! Move! Why you no move? Okay ... I will crawl under you instead. Why make me do it the hard way!
that looks an awful lot like the response service dogs are trained to give during seizures etc.   wonder if its related, as his very fast pushups do kind of look like a seizure.

Either way, he's a very good dog.
He started trying to find awareness and he found the best battle buddy a warrior can have
What an adorable little asshole.
This dog is behaving as if it has self-harm service training... Any idea if it does?

Some dogs are trained in this behavior for people who suffer severe depression and do things like bash their head on the floor or wall when they have intrusive thoughts... The dog puts itself between the human and the object they are hitting or is hitting them. They also do this for people who suffer seizures, placing themselves between the human and things that might hurt them as their body thrashes around.

Dogs are fucking awesome.
EVERYONE LIKED IT
Is this the guy with limoncelo?
It's so fucking CUTE
That’s funny
Looks like he was an epileptic’s service dog in another life.
Ok but why do dogs start going crazy when you do pushups??? Anytime ive either done pushups or crunches in front of any dog they just go bonkers.
In a push-up challenge shouldn’t you know how to do a push-up properly??
Now this just looks like a video I shouldn't have clicked on
Your dad should tuck his elbows more, the more flayed out your elbows are the more stress you're putting on smaller muscles in the armpit region and not the larger muscles elsewhere, much more likely to tear something

Have him watch some tutorials on youtube
More videos!!
Everybody liked that
Hey, my Dads doing that as well!
Classic Moosey behaviour
Elbows in. chest to the floor. those weren't pushups. cmon dad.
Plot twist: the dog was trained to do it so the dude can push up less.
Is he taking pledges? I don’t know how pushups raise awareness for ptsd but I want to learn more and support him.
This iis so wholesome
I have PTSD too - love the puppa checking everything’s okay 
I have a cat, who doesn’t give a shit 😁👍🏻💕
Doggo just wants to be involved lol
why does he remind me or bald martin
This made me smile :) take my upvote
The fact that he continued while the dog was there 🥺🥺🥺
i love that he kept going and didn’t even feel the need to restart because he reached the goal anyway
He should have kept filming. Best dog ever doing it’s best to help dad with PTSD.
I HALP
Dogs must be one of the best treatments for PTSD.... I miss my dog 🙁
This should be cross posted to /r/mademesmile for sure!!
I will excuse the poor form from the 18th rep onwards because of good boi reasons
Why hooman up and dowmn?
The dog is saving his life by preventing bad thing happen. Good Doggo !!
I think they count
Our dog does this to my boyfriend. He's been trying to improve his fitness but can't get his pushups in without her getting involved.

However, if I get on the floor, all my my privates and bum get super sniffed and I get humped. 🙈
I wish I could upvote this more than once. How adorable!
“Oh look! Hey hey hey what is this I need to be a part of this. Is this for treats, or.... ok what are we doing Dad?”
Sounds like a South African accent? :)
What dog wouldn’t love Sir Davos?
Im confused.. What is ptsd? What does has in common with pushup? Im not familiar with english abbreviation so im sorry
MOOSEY ❤
Kudos to him for a good cause. If he's interested in building strength while he does it though, he needs work on his pushup.

Pushups are supposed to be done slowish. He is also not going all the way down, he's getting about 2/3rds down before he gets interrupted. His hands are a little too wide and I suspect maybe also a little too far forward (but the camera angle makes that hard to discern).

That severely limits the effectiveness for strength building and also can cause muscles to develop in a way that lowers his mobility.

All the same, good on your dad for being interested in fitness and awareness.
Zero!
Dog: "You never EVER do whatever the hell this is!!"
I am speed
Me 1000th comment
King shit right there.
One of the solution to PTSD, get a pet.
I think That dog looks like it was trained for patients with seizures. Maybe his bloodline was. Either way the dog is amazing he deserves a treat!
Dog: “N o”
Dog did him a favour, that form was horrible. As an older chap he could well have hurt himself.
Adorable
lmao
The best kind of interruption! This is so cute
That's goldens for you
Is this dog trained because it seems like it though that somethinglike a sizuer was happening to your dad and tried to help. Which makes it even better.
That’s beautiful 💕
Zero, zero, zero, one, one, two. 

My Army friends will know what I mean.
Those two kind gentlemen get along  well, I'd say! :)
Spaniel's *really* don't like when their owners appear to be in distress.
Doggo wants to be little spoon
your dad seems like a good dude
I workout at home, and I can't decide whether I'm sad or not my dog doesn't do this
Someone here cried a little.. not saying it was me, but I have a feeling.
Made me laugh. Dogs always do. They’re brilliant.
I needed to see that this morning. Beautiful
Exercise and a loving relationship with a pet  can do wonders in recovery.  


Thanks for the reminder, Other Dad and Awesome Pooch
“Don’t play without me dad”
Doggo thought your dad was smashing himself against the floor. He have to bodyblock it to stop that sefharm actions! Your doggo is a good doggo!
That's why you buy a female dog I guess.
Don’t know why I got down voted just meant I was also saying the numbers with the guy. Fuck me, right
I miss my dog
I’m not crying! You’re crying!
They absolutely counted. That was awesome.
That's a good doggo protecting hooman
I tried this. Too bad I couldn't do 22 pushups to save my life.
I find it appropriate to inform everyone about the Capstone Fund that MAPS is doing to help fund their research into help heal people with PTSD with MDMA. https://capstone.maps.org/
Aussie dad!
"Let me join How to do it?" Dogs wanna learn other stuffs. hihi
Goodest boy
His dog was just helping him thru the last few 🤭
Imagine something loving you like that dog loves that man.
“I am helping” - Dog
It's now a pushpup challenge
Dog Alert! Dog Alert! 
Human on the floor!!
That dog has no idea what’s going on and loves it.
Mice dawg.  Bad push-up form.  Elbows should be in close to body.  Going to get hurt doing it the way on video.
My dog licks the back of my head.
He won
I hate to be that guy but what does doing push-ups have to do with PTSD and how does it benefit those with it..?
Your Dad wins this challenge.
We don’t deserve dogs.
He is a man of focus, commitment and sheer fricking will
I knew this would be a golden retriever before I clicked
Plot twist: *The dog was raising the awareness*
Dog was probably trained to put their body between the owner’s head and the floor in case of stroke or seizure.
Ain't nothing as helpful for PTSD-sufferers as a doggo. Sadly, the care they can get is severely lacking in many areas.
Your dad is a trooper I can barely do 10 push-ups
Looks like the dog was trained for people who have seizures, smart dog
pause at about :32 .  nice
123k upvotes but still underrated
The Best!
j
🥰
This makes my heart so happy!! How adorable!!
Moosy💕
That dog probably was trying to tell him to break 90 like a true champ
Dogs cure Everything 😍
Oh no, my human is broken and is trying to hit the floor. Must protect!
She just likes being involved 😁
Aww I think doggies are so protective, the doggy probably thought he couldn't get up and was helping him 😭😍
Pretty sure dogs think any sort of exercise is an invitation to play.
Ale klata
I love it!  My dog also rescues me during my workouts.
Keep doing pushups or you'll fall on the dog
My dog totally!
damn this had me grinning ear to ear
Best PTSD therapy partner!
Awwwww
This is exactly what our dog does as well when we do pushups!
is he aware of the Wim Hof method? it's awesome, makes you feel healthy and strong. I still practice it daily after 5 years
Yes they do count. I would say it even doubled the amount because of the good boy that you have helping you.
If that doesn't raise awareness, I don't know what will.
Wow this r/mademesmile
Aww my pupper does the same thing!
Better than # forabolsonaro
That pooper has a sweet little doggo smile
OMG AW I totally didn’t see that coming. My little shriveled heart grew 1 inch today.
Omggg ... He is just trying to be a good boy and help
😂 the life of the party has arrived.
They count!
Fast pushups aren't impressive. One slow pushup with good form is better than 10 quick ones you pump out with momentum
" OH JEEZ DAD YOU HAVIN ONE A DA SEEZURES?? Don worry iseen whatta do onna tv!"
Fuck you I’m not crying
Oof, didn't even do a single pushup.
[deleted]
[removed]
Hate to be “that guy,” but he didn’t even do one real pushup. He barely even got half of the full range of motion. Doing stuff like this long term will create a lot imbalances in your back and chest.
Awwww
Awwwwww
Your dad can do exactly 25 more push ups than I can do.
Your dad is a beast.  Good doggo too
Let's be honest now he gets views for being a good dude(sorry not sorry for calling your dad dude) and for having a cute doggo. More views could mean more awareness.
Who nowadays doesn't have ptsd?
Not now babe. We’ll have screw once I’m done with this.
Form: 7/10
Endurance: 9/10
Spotter: 10/10
An excellent video for people coping with PTSD.
Someone has to start raising awareness of the fact that when people try to raise awareness for a specific topic they seemingly have to do something completely unrelated and useless to the cause they are trying to promote to get proper exposure...

What's the difference between taking a dump on video to raise awareness for colonoscopies and doing push-ups for ptsd awareness!?
Who else was counting along?
How did he make anyone anymore aware about ptsd lol
When I read the title, I honestly thought the dad was just doing a push-up challenge for fun, then someone convinced him to stop that and start raising awareness for PTSD. I found it really random, specially since this was in r/aww
Those pushups are bs just like this challenge
Can someone explain to me what push-ups have to do with PTSD?
Fuck cops
Fun fact, the dog thinks he was making "humping" motions, and climbed under him as a show of submission to him.

Depending on the relationship, your dog might also try to mount you if he is feeling dominant.
Nice adding the PTSD into the title flr those sweet, sweet extra internet points...
He looked like he was humping the dog

-My Mom
150 police officers in Minneapolis filed for disability on account of growing PTSD from the months and a half of riots and non-stop work and fight to survive while being demonized by the MSM.
That dog was trying to get some
okay?
dats a kinky bitch
I would like to be involved please thanks
Thats a push up?
ok good one but i have a ptsd on that

#thank you for doing this but i don't wanna get flashbacks and be scared again sorry
He can’t even do push ups properly.
What kind of garbage title is that?
Did the man actually do any full push ups?
[removed]
Just a thought: I think that dog wants you to fuck him
Cute but terrible push-up form
Stupid ass dog
**Why the bitch is this on the front page? Am I the only one that thinks dogs aren't cute or capable of having real emotions? If this gets downvoted I'll shut up, my dick is off for Michael Chik if this gets one more d-vote**
Those are not push up. Half ups maybe.
u/emojisleuthbot
Damn he was fucking the dog
[removed]
