"HAMMER, DOWN!!" As Reinhardt spitefully pushes the mug off the counter-top.
He is the blessing
REINHARDT REINHARDT REINHARDT
He has got a quest for you.
Mercy is pocketing him
You're powered up! Get in there!
Looking like a warrior cat with that pose
Reinhardt stood proud amongst the trees in the forest, a furry chin chiseled firm as he looked to the sky. 

"For what have you brought me here to do? I have given peace to the animals of the forest, I provided safe passage to the salmon and only ate 2, what do you still desire of me?"

A crack of thunder sent a shudder through the earth, and the skies became bright as a booming voice and hands as big as bears came down from the heavens.  

"You have served your fellow animals well, Reinhardt." - The voice proclaimed

" I have no more missions for you. Just head scratches."
Your cat just realized that Magic is Everything
r/supermodelcats ☺️
Busts out shield and starts charging at you
What a pretty boy. I got a Sibirian Forest cat too, a ginger one, tho. He is such a pretty dork. I love him
What kind of pokemon is this
Your photos of Reinhardt are always amazing.
Ana?! How can this be? I thought you were dead!
Are you ever afraid that he will run away and not come back? I always have that feeling with my dog but she gets excited when I call her name and always runs back.
*overwatch player located*
HONOR, JUSTICE,
His shield is that fluffy tail
King of the forest???
This looks like it could be a poster for warriors , that's that cat ninja book right
ARE YOU AFRAID TO FIGHT ME?
He knows his mission now.
Where is his hammer?!
Why is the cat on the forest moon of Endor
I REMEMBER THE POSTER. MY HAIR WAS AMAZING
If there was ever a cat to fit the name “Reinhardt” this is the motherfuckin ONE
I didn’t know this is what he looked like out of his suit! Strong cat to be wielding that huge hammer!
BRING ME ANOTHER

BRING ME ANOTHER

BRING ME ANOTHER

BRING ME ANOTHER
HE IS THE CHOSEN ONE!!!
Great pic!
r/AnimalsInScenicPlaces
Hammer down
“You’re powered up, get in there”
Wow that is beautiful photography
Re zero cat!!!

Re zero cat!
Jedi Cat
THE KING has returned
Praise the sun
If you are on FB, I highly recommend you join the group, "THIS CAT IS C H O N K Y" and post this pic there. He will be glorified lol
Reinhardt is a beautiful name for a beautiful cat. Makes me think he is a wizened cat warlock with hundreds of years of wisdom under his paws and is ready to take you on a quest into the ages
That's such a good photo
Majestic
Notice most of the light is on his tail which cats believe is the grandest thing of all.
Great pic!
Whole smoked salmon falls from the sky.
awww I remember seeing a picture of Reinhardt before and commenting about my cat, Bastion lol. What a majestic baby
I love the overwatch themed name!
i can also hear an angelic choir in the background.
In other words he has recieved himself
This is an amazing photo
Reinhardt, at your service!
My kitty is named Winston, they would get along great!
oh my god his name is reinhardt I love it
He's recieving a Catchphrase
This NEEDS to be framed! Put in a museum. Possibly painted- Renaissance style
Re;zero anyone?
This might be the best picture of a cat I’ve personally ever seen.
Holy shit this guy is the king of all cats. My kit-cat would bow in his name.
I just went to your profile and upvoted all of your cat posts lol 

they are gorgeous! ❤️
Really wonderful portrait. What body/glass are you using?
Speaking for the trees, I can safely say we all love Reinhardt 🌲❤🌲
New phone background
Reinhardt: Adventurer! I have a Quest that needs some Urgent Attention!
Please get a smaller cat and call her brigitte, please
This cat is going to give you a side quest
that name is hilarious and that cat is awesomely beautiful.
This is the type of image that I expect to see on r/pics

Why? It is a great image. Time was taken into it. It is not just some haphazard taken phone pic with a backstory title. 

Please take note r/pics future posters.
I dont have any awards to give so hopefully this will do. One for you 🎖 and one for your beautiful baby 🥇
Correction the cat IS the blessings from heaven
He's receiving that Zenyatta transcendence.
This picture is beautiful. It looks so perfect and natural. What kind of cat is he?
This is art.
He’s getting his hammer
Is Reinhardt who is blessing us with his indomitable spirit!!! Always praise the gods of fur
Cat: bow before me fools! I am THE CHOSEN ONE! Stop going “Awe”! I’m sewious!
Oooohhhh glittering prizes.
What a gorgeous photo!
man, I wanna go on an adventure with that cat
Beautiful ❤️
I hope it is a Norwegian Forest cat
Hero’s never die
Does he have wares if I have coin?
This would be a perfect Warriors book cover
It's called Valkyrie
Holy cat!
He is a blessing from heaven 😍
Majestic
The floof is magical
Oh get out of here with this bad ass cat picture.
A Blessing! A Blessing from the Lord!
What a regal name!
r/rarekitters
Your cat just leveled up.
Beautiful photo
imagine just walking with your cat (prefer dog) through a forest...ugh so dreamy
that is one majestic cat
This looks like a legendary Pokémon card
How majestic
What side quest is this?
He is my god.
Wow!!
r/overwatch
side quest
That's majestic AF.
Is he a Norwegian Forest Cat?
When i see this post: ooh! Poof cat! He's posing too!
Wow. Meow wow.
Khajiit has a quest, if you're interested.
I’d be so afraid something would see my cat as prey and just eviscerate it right in front of me.
No. That's the sun which is a giant burning star.
Is he praying for life or for stamina?
Beam me up, Scottie...
So majestic.
*inhale*
Is there a feather falling from the sky for his satchel?
A blessing from the Lord!
HONOR, JUSTICE, REINHARDT REINHARDT REINHARDT!
He looks like he is about to start some heroic quest
Or he is getting a message from the spaceship where the cats came
The chosen floof
what a beautiful and adorable cat :)
Wahrhammer Fan ?
In through the tail
That cat is living it’s best life.
[happy angel noises]
the most majestic boi!
This reminds me so much of My Baby (my boyfriends cat) who is literally my favorite thing on this planet. 

Seeing this picture made me smile. Your cat looks so sweet and happy! Definitely many blessings to the kit kit! ❤️
Very Pokémon cardy.
It’s probably best that we return to our spiritual foundations and begin worshipping cats again.

Then construct some bloody large, marvellous pyramids or something in their honour. 

Those were good times, circa Ancient Egypt.

Sure, the enslavement of others was ugly and most unfortunate. But worshipping cats and building pyramids made for better years than, say, 2020.
Reinhardt's just leveled up!
Or a message from the mothership
He is the One True King
I think you've peaked as a photographer with this one. But please keep taking photos like these

Edit: omg I just browsed your recent posts, and I'm in love with your cats
Good Kitty. Yes, that is what they used to call me. Good Kitty the gray. I am Good Kitty the White.
floofy cat
Of course the mercy’s on him
I'm prepared to follow Reinhardt on a quest through the forest.
Pretty sure he’s about to meet Gandalf the White.
Thou shalt praise thy holy fluff ball of cuteness
sooo cute!! I wish to pet him/her now!
This might be the greatest cat picture I have ever seen in my life.
CATCHPHRASE!
r/Blessed_Images
is he named after the Overwatch character?
Sunlight is EVERYTHING
A good Ewok
im pretty sure this is what my cats are imagining when they "conquer" the top of the sofa and look off into a distance.
Is the name of your cat based on the Overwatch champ?
Amazing photography!
Good luck on your quest, OP!
You’re just gorgeous Reinhard!
HAHAH IM THE ULTIMATE CRASHING MACHINE
‘I am the Lorax. I speak for the trees.’
He has obtained four spirit orbs
People call the police and a fine.
He will be your shield...from depression.
Cat.
They shall oppose warlock cat
I also have a cat named Reinhardt 😭❤️
I bet my cat too looks like that, while he shits just outside his litter every damn day...
🌟 amazeballz 🌟
Magic IS everything
Is it in the Blackforest though, or near Eichenwald?
Found the Colossal titan
He better be careful, they say there's a Bastion in that forest!
Low key gonna steal this and use it for a wallpaper for a bit. Thanks OP
c u m
Is he a Siberian? :o
So majestic!
r/supermodelcats
Nah, he just has a side quest.
This is one of the best kitty pix I’ve ever seen.
If you see this how did you get your cat to hike with you? Or do you have him on a leash that’s photoshopped out??? I wanna let my cat out so bad but I’m afraid he’ll leave me forever
Bring me a nuzza!”
So majestic
❤️❤️❤️❤️
Reinhardt is so handsome. 😻
BEER! BEER! BEER!
“Heroes Never Die”
The framing of your cat in this picture makes him look like a Pokemon card.
So beautiful 😍
This picture is amazing! I love it 😍😍😍
He is gorgeous!
If you're interested in seeing more photos of Reinhardt he has an IG: Siberian_Reinhardt :)
/r/bottlebrush
I don't remember this part of Warrior Cats
“Reindhardt receives a sign after fleeing Eichenwalde”- Black Forrest, Germany, 2035
Thats a great pic!!!
❤️❤️
Major fluff
Can I have him?
Luke Reinhardt... the Dice Cat
Amazing naaaaame!!!
Smh that's why our main tank disappeared
This is some genuine /r/Pet_Renaissance shit. Definitely gives me more renaissance vibes than anything that has been posted there lately. Great pic!
Cat tail activated. Sending coordinates now.
The oracle receives the message
Freyja has chosen you for her chariot
Justice! honor! Reinhardt! Reinhardt! Reinhardt!
Is it just me  ?   
This pic looks like an alien adoption :D . "I'm ready. Please take me to the catnip-verse."
Such a majestic boy!
He just got a rez from Mercy
Sun?
"I have been called".
Such a beautiful tail
Norweigan Forest or Maine Coon?
He has a quest for you.
"For glory!"
"I am *CAT* - kneel before me!"
Lol this cat looks like he would be in Peace Island
It really is a great picture :)


(...but I can't stop imagining that it's a face of relief, if you know what I mean.)
Or Reinhardt is about to give you a quest to go on!!
Very majestic
that's the perfect name for that cat
What breed of cat is Reinhardt?
you guys need to get him a friend and name them Zarya
Blessing . . . or instructions from the mother ship.
I live for this day!
So beautiful ♥️
This cat Mormon??
“This is my good bubbers.. with whom I’m well please to give belly rubs!l
God gave him enough lives to live until his owner dies of old age...
FOREST! LIGHT! REINHARDT REINHARDT REINHARDT!
That is one majestic cat, and deserving of the name.
No, this just means he has a quest for you.
Wait is the photographer’s name Reinhardt? And the cats name is Reinhardt? That’s pretty dumb but nice picture
I also named my cat Reinhardt 😄
I love seeing Reinhardt!!
/r/supermodelcats
Side quest encountered....
And this was the moment Reinhardt was blessed with higher thinking and became the first Khajiit.
r/supermodelcats
Wait, my name is Reinhardt
This is the perfect example of the first and most important rule of photography: put something beautiful in front of the camera.
The true protagonist has arrived!!
I thought this was Gary!
Beautiful picture!! Wooooowwww
"I remember the poster! My fur was amazing!"
What a great picture. I wish I could be there. Its 109 degrees today. I haven't left my house during the day in a week. I want to walk in the woods.
This is the best thing I’ve ever seen
he is now the ARMOR TITAN. In times of despair (i.e hungery) he turns BIGG and rushes to the catnip. His only counter in pickle
This chosen cat will save us all
what pokemon is this?
I love seeing Reinhardt and his majestic bottle brush.
He’s stunning!!! What kind of cat is he?
Don't worry, my friends, I am your shield!
He has gotten his lion out
He probably deserves it
*Reinhardt the Grey, Guardian of RedWall Abbey, protector of allbeast.*
REINHARDT is a blessing from heaven!!!
He IS the blessing.
Makes me think of Warrior Cats!
I want a calendar full of his pics!! What a model
Reinhardt is teaching towards god. Btw what forest is this???
Wait, your cat runs free in the forest and you don't worry about him running off?  


How is he such a good boi?!? I would love for my cats to learn to be good bois too.
So Majestic!
Reinhardt is the coolest cat name I’ve ever heard!
You named your cat your last name?
Maybe that’s my grandmas cat Merlin. A black kitty. He was always a sweetheart. They look like they would be good friends!
If I know my gaming, and I do, then he has a legendary sidequest that needs completing - immediately.
He has a side quest for you
This is the most majestic thing I have ever seen.
This cat is a noble cat and we're all pleb in front of his unmeasurable highness
Your cat is fucking majestic.
I want this cat, and I want to name him Reinhardt.

Thanks for my first cat's name!
,6 x5 very, me3 tanezf e fc  e6 5yr
STRAIGHT OUTTA FANGORN
r/supermodelcats
I think that’s just Mercy coming in with the heals
A majestic creature!
Stay away from the light !
Reinhardt **is** a blessing from Heaven.
Oregon?
r/churchofcat
Good evening op! Reinhardt is truly a wonderful fellow. Might I download the picture so that I can bless my friends with him too?
You're powered up! Get in there!
I think he wants to send me on a quest...
That is a cat in ‘target locked’ mode
Do you believe in ‘gravity’?
i think reinhardt still needs better lighting hayl because hes still ugly
-love auntie lenny
How did u get cat to go out of house
Teh fluff
Reinhardt, I must say you are looking quite well. This life must agree with you.
He is the chosen one
now that's a CAT
That cat is glorious!
Majestic as fuck
Name checks out
Behold the might of StarClan and venture forth...
That cat has a quest to give you.
*flashbacks to Reinhardt mains in overwatch screaming CATCH PHRASE all game*
So beautiful!!
race: kitty
class: paladin
I named my cat Reinhardt, he is siamese
That is such a majestic cat. You are so blessed to have been chosen by him.
Reinhardt looks like he just finished smoking, as evident from the little puff of smoke overhead ! :-)
Beam me up, Scotty!
Precision feline engineering
He is a blessing from heaven
“ B E E R ! “ They shout as they shove the wine glass off the counter.
Or being kidnapped by 'visitors' - https://www.oclc.org/content/dam/research/images/lists/abduction-2-1.png
I'd follow that cat to the ends of the earth. <3
r/Pet_Renaissance :)
They are the blessing?? Clearly!!!!
(Our god is an awesome god intensifies)
Actually  he had a lvl up unlocking  a new perk majestic +15 charism.
DESTINY IS ALL!
Oh my god.
r/Floof

r/BottleBrush
I have played enough video games to know, that cat has a quest for me!
Reinhardt is a sick name
What kind of cat is this? He looks just like my Olive but I found her and don’t know what kind of cat she is. Very pretty cat.
Plot twist: You are receiving a blessing from heaven and it is Reinhardt
He IS the blessing
I wonder what quest that cat would give?
I remember him i forget but i think it was your last post
My cats names are Hanzo and Genji
I feel like this a boss I have to fight in a Souls game.
This reminds me of the Warriors series I used to read as a kid
That is one majestic cat.
Jessica Doty Whitaker
Google her
What a magnificent tail!
It is a 1/1 Green/White Magic Card !
This looks like a Pokémon training card lol holographic and everything lol I’ll trade
It looks like it just dinged.
+5 Holy power.
How photogenic!
Mercy must be lurking somewhere
He's sooo fluffy!! What kinda cat is it
What a magestic creature
His majesty himself, king of the jungle
It looks like a movie poster
CATCH PHRASE!
Catchphrase!
My god 150/10
Reinhardt cool dude
So beautiful!
"Reinhardt! I give unto thee, the holiest of tuna treats!" - God probably
Chosen by StarClan
Blessed by Martin the Warrior and ready to defend Redwall Abbey from vermin.
That is a majestic looking cat !
No. He is the gift from heaven!
This looks like a start of his epic quest
He’s perfect
"You have been given my blessing, you may eat the plants."
Reinhardt right after Scotty said “energize” up there at the transporter controls on the Enterprise
Yes, because They are such a beautiful Floof!
Wait, do you just take your cat on walks through the forest? My cat completely ignores me whenever she manages to sneak outside. I end up having to take her back in cuz she gets distracted by all the free grass she can eat (and throw up)
Holy floof
Majesty Kitteh.
he has been given a quest
Catnip is everything!
What a majestic kitty!
My dog is named Reinhardt too!
This is the most majestic animal I have ever laid eyes upon.
Reinhardt is actually the one that is blessing the angels in heaven
They're receiving their nine lives from StarClan
What a majestic beast.
Worriors cat irl
u/schnoodledoodledo where aaaare youu
That is one majestic cat! 🥰🥰🥰
Magnificent
Where is this magical forest?
What a beautiful little Kitster
Majestic.
About to switch to sigma to counter phara
He is the one
What a nice and peaceful view of nature.
The band, Elmeow. The band!
This cat has a side quest for you
Gained +4 dreamies
Blessing from the sun? Not sure that how physics works :P
He is the Chosen Meow.
Never seen a more blessed photo. Yay Reinhardt!
He is the blessing from heaven
Be careful, we had our cat in the woods when I was a kid...an owl swooped down and grabbed him.  Fat cat too, we never would have thought.
Last we saw of Tommy.
Is he receiving a blessing or is the world trying to point out to you that he IS the blessing?
Thanks for my new wallpaper
Honor...glory......reinhardt,reinhardt,reinhardt.
In heaven there is a zombie apocalypse.
Overwatch much?
That is an awesome name for a cat
DON'T VORRY MY FRIEND
Uff coool💎
Did you name your cat after Django Reinhardt?
Is it from heaven? What's that glow underneath Mr. R? Careful!
God: nice cat...
🤍🐱
So pretty and peaceful.
"Praise the sun"
Possibly a new wallpaper candidate.
Majestic
That just means he got a refill for his 9 lives!
He looks ready to give you a quest.
I love this cat.... and this forest.
do da roar kitty
Reinhardt *is* a blessing from heaven.
Reinhardt’s recieving a prophecy from Starclan
This has to be one of the most ~~perfect~~ perfect cat photos of all time.
BRING ME ANOTHER - Cat after killing a mouse probably
New level  unlocked
Foooolg! Werfgbrobsaklippo kalipper bloxof... moif tras 2 furaos, op sed froy sdropidert troi op sed dastr. Zrefs, surs sed blop, blop, blooop klaw!! 😍
He felt it then - a breath of the forest, almost imperceptible, but in revelation overwhelming.
That is nice, thank you. Umm, uuuhhh... I mean... meow.
No, he is the gift from heaven.
Poster quality!
That is one nice looking kitty. My cat is handsome but not so majestic
If videogames taught me anything, he has a quest for you.
Beautiful photo, gorgeous meowdel.
He looks like he’s on a mighty quest!
Just a bit of majestic.
For honour... and GLORY!
But also belly scratches
This photo is gorgeous 
Bravo
*Odin is with us!*
Do they walk with you with no leash? Your pics are great.
Honor! Justice!
A majestic fluff fluff.
I am just admiring the pic in general
u/megan0838
Or has Reinhardt spied a bird in the trees above & is about to pounce? Just sayin’!
I salute you
Where was this photo taken?! I’m in awe
Cat has reached enlightenment
What a fantastic picture
r/catsinjungles.
What breed of cat is that? I got a Norwegian forest cat the other day and it looks pretty similar
What breed is this? I love this type of cat
Please change his name to Cletus
IM OVERLOADED! 
With cuteness, 
I know it's not a Reinhardt quote but its the same game.
Majestic....
It's a good cat

-my husband
PRECISION GERMAN ENGINEERING
Any exmormons here immediately think of Joseph Smith lol
I like your cat’s name. 😊 overwatch junkie myself.
I like this cat.
God gave him back one of his lives because he’s been such a good lil boy
now he has 10 lives...
r/accidentalrenaissance
The definition of majestic!
I really like that he’s got his own watermark.
He is the blessing
Reinhardt has a side-quest for you.
So beautiful and majestic.   Totally in his element.
A gorgeous boy! So majestic!
Maybe he is the blessing from heaven
Cool! They might like this in r/art
Not really a cat person, but this is a spectacular photo of a beautiful feline!!!
Ding, level up!  +1 to Floof!
it must be a message from starclan...
Wow
Beautiful photo.
He looks like he’s about to get abducted by aliens
My new lock screen wallpaper! Amazing photo!
This cat got a mad quest with some very nice loot.
Its whinehardt! How many times?
Beautiful!
Fake lens flare. Nice
My friends! What’s with all this standing around? There’s justice to be done!
Beam-meauwp
Majestic!
Is this a re:zero reference
He's getting a mercy Rez after charging in...
r/namechecksout
Ah, I see you also have a Tank in your household. I've got a baby D.Va at home.
He is very deserving of blessing.
I see dead people...
Magic is everything.
Is he named after Reinhardt University?
This is definitely a poster for an animated adventure movie.
Behold! The mothership!
Looks like his Ultimate is ready.
He is so majestic!
I hope there is a sub called r/magnificentbeasts and I hope this is cross posted there.
What’s the breed of feline?
Fuckin eh dude. Cool cat is 1000x more photogenic than I’d ever be.
I’m that one person who when I first saw this I thought Reinhardt was real life dovewing from warriors or something.
The khajiit has a mission for you
Damn, that cat really be grinding to hit lvl 100 like that
SOOOOOOO MAJESTIC
I used to hate cats as a kid. Cats like this make me want a cat.
I love this omg
Far cry 5 loading screen vibes anyone?
What kind of cat
Give that cat some armour!
He looks so proud, what a handsome boy!
Sure looks like it. So funny. And adorable.
This is glorious
Live with honor and die with glory.
*Precision German engineering*
Oh, I thought this was just a marker to let me know he has a quest for me. Perhaps it’s a blessed quest? :o
That's Bast. Checking just to be sure that cats are STILL being treated as gods. 😂
No longer Reinhardt the grey, this is Reinhardt the white.
If video games has taught be anything. Is that that cat has a quest for me to catch 10 mice.
What a beautiful cat!!!
No, he is the blessing
That is beautiful and a great name for a cat
I will worship Reinhardt as my religion from now on
Movie star
Is he a Siberian cat?
"Leave it. It's God's cat now."
This is a stunning photo, where was this taken
HE IS THE CHOSEN ONE
My cat looks very similar to yours and is also names Reinhardt. Beautiful picture!
Comfort! Cuteness! REINHARDT REINHARDT REINHARDT!!!
Gorgeous photo
Reinhardt is a blessing from heaven!
Justice! Reinhardt! Reinhardt! Reinhardt!
HONOR, JUSTICE, REINHARDT REINHARDT REINHARDT
I WAS CHOSEN BY HEAVEN
He has a side quests for you
So regal
Ready for an adventure!
What kind of cat is he? ❤️
I think your cat has a quest for you.
It is time. Reinhardt will finally get a buff!
Fire up the transporter, Scotty!
So stoic and regal.
Look at that swiffer tail!
MAJESTIC !!
Definitely has a quest to give...
He have a quest for you
So cute!
Pretty sure that’s just sunlight coming through the trees...?
I had a neighbor Reinhardt, he was a gay child molester. Those two thing aren’t related except in coincidence. He would love this photo and share it with a kid to lure them into his back yard apartment. So glad I never was victimized by that fucking guy.
That’s an epic picture of a cat.
Looks like he finally leveled up, should evolve soon.
“...And God saw that it was good.”
He IS the blessing
Bonnke
How does he not run away?
Bow down you human slaves!
Also r/accidentalrenaissance
Clearly, this cat has a quest
OMG this is such a beautiful picture!!!😍 You should have this framed
What a beautiful picture!
"I have been called, I must answer!"
That cat has a special quest for you
The cat, the photo, the spot, the light

Man, you can be so proud
This picture is ridiculously perfect!
CATPHRASE!
Lol. Imagine being that gullible 😆
He is the chosen one
Majestic
Nah, she's just got a quest for you
He have blessing for sure
He has a quest for me
Seen to many cats. 5 cat posts just today.
Step closer, he has a quest for you!
He Has Been Called....He Must Answer
I think he Has a quest to give you
r/bottlebrush
What a beauty!
Gorgeous Kitty!
This isn’t r/Overwatch...
You-tubers be like “Make sure you like and subscribe before we even watch the video.”
u/koala_token hi!  I’d love to print this out on a canvas for a gift for my friend - can I PM you?
Giving me flashbacks to warrior cats
Praise the sun!
Aw looks like my cat that ran away 😭
r/supermodelcats
Yo, he got that Mercy rez tho!

Maybe that’s where they get all their lives from...
Majestic
He was chosen to be the ambassador of heaven.
No star clan comments. I’m disappointed.
Cats are angles in disguise
That title made me throw up a little.
Why you walk (or what ever) your cat through the forest..... not smart
*Epic Music Starts*
You! It's always you! I'm always like "is this the same cat from before?" Profile check. Yep. Perseus and Reinhardt again.
You’re one of those weird “I take my cat on walks” people, aren’t you?
That is a beautiful picture of a very beautiful cat...
 but still Why Reinhardt?!
What a stupid name
