Watched this 19 times before sleep. Good Dreams should follow.
What is that digital frame? It looks pretty cool
Remember reading/watching Harry Potter and thinking how cool those moving pictures would be, well folks we pretty damn there. 

Technology is indistinguishable from magic to the uninformed, or whatever that quote is.
I got that exact same raincoat for my dog! He hates it :(
What a happy boy
Yes, this is very important content.
Jonas from ~~D~~Bark
I am in love with this video. The cuteness is beyond mountain Himalaya
This is probably made my day
This is @everythingatlas on Instagram if anyone wanted to see more of this very good boy :)
that's a very happy face
I can't stop replaying it 🤣
Oh my god.. This is beyond beautiful. Thank you for sharing this :D
Georgie?
r/bettereveryloop
So freaking adorbs!
That is a doggo smile if I’ve ever seen one
This made my week, what a good boy
ugh my dog won’t even acknowledge herself in the mirror
Thank you thank you thank you!!

This is the first time I have laughed out loud in about a month.
WHAT IS THIS SONG??? IT IS DESTROYING ME THAT I CAN'T REMEMBER IT!!!
I don't smile much at my phone for anything but I smiled today!
Now I want a picture frame that tells the weather by displaying costumed doggos enjoying it.
Made me audibly awe
OMG awesomeness
What breed? Anyone have an idea? I want to get this dog ♥️
r/perfectlycutscreams
What a happy and photographic doggo!
That vine energy, though
Cute dog...but what was that song? Was that the titanic song? Lol
What a smile!!
Reminds me of [The Salty Dog Cafe](https://saltydog.com/dine/cafe.html) on Hilton Head Island, SC
Every night in my dreamsss
Quality
It's [Bernard from The Rescuers](https://ohmy.disney.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/Bernard-from-The-Rescuers-Disney-Cuteness-Break.png) lol :'D
Thank you! I’m having the worst day, and you’ve made it a little better.
Genuinely I think the peak of cute animal videos
That atchaly made me laugh out loud thank you
omg i love this
What a beautiful, happy pupper!
u/VredditDownload
This is a digital frame that does something similar but you can change the live videos and add unlimited photos [Aura Frames ](www.auraframes.com)
That colour suits you
ahhhh so adorable :3
The music and smile killed me. I’ve watched this five times.
So cute 😊
oh my goodness <3
My bork will go on and onnnnnnnn
Thank you, I needed that!!!
That... is perfect. My dog will own a rain coat.
YOUR CUTE 
WHEREVER YOU ARE!
Cute beyond belief!
What a good boi
Aww that's funny and cute
My heart melted with that smile.
My new favorite video.
Better ever goddamn loop.
Holy shit I nearly squealed aloud.
Thats the cutest dog Ive seen in a while
r/puppysmiles
That is the most genuinely happy I’ve ever seen a dog be
Roses are red,
Violets aren't blue,
But I'm smiling,
And so are you.
So cute
Not here to judge...just enjoying the pupper in the slicker. ❤
👍
so cute
I wish i had this on my desk at the office ,would help me to not miss my dog so much everyday.
This made my day!!
He knows he looks like a badass and he’s thrilled about it. Good dog.
The power of a doggo smile!
can we talk about that smile bc omg
I love this so much! <3 Please take this 🏅
This made my day
Happy boi!!
Love it!!
"I redy fur aventur hooman." - Dog
What a good boy!
Handsome doge
Awwwww da happy pupper!
Why so Serious? Oh wait 🤗
Oh I love this subreddit. This literally made me smile so hard that I started laughing. I don’t know why it was this video but it was the thing I needed today with all the crap going on in my life.
This is so cuuuute!! Thanks for making my day ❤️
That’s awesome!!!
Did you get my closeup, Mr. DeMille?
I stan.
Happy baby!
r/gifsthatendtoosoon
He’s so proud
u/vredditshare
he happ
Went aww
Yep watched this on repeat about a 100 times!
This was the top post on the front page for me and I'm just closing reddit and calling today a success.
I love
Why is the video so short!? >:(
I thought dogs can't tell the difference in the mirror, not aware of themselves.
Oh fuck me that’s adorable
Thank you for this .
Can I have a pawtograph?
This gave me the best chuckle
Wow it's so obvious this whole thread is a plant to promote this digital frame BS. What the hell guys.
I hope to die in my sleep peacefully tonight.
Ok but hear me out, a wall filled with these live portraits, arranged in the style of the Shrek 2 main menu
I don't know how to say this, but by definition your dog has become self aware. Usually, dogs do not recognize their reflections and treat it as another animal, therefore not being self aware
YEOOOAAAAAAAAWWWW-
I love how we have Harry Potter pictures that are thin enough to be believable, now.
So happy with that raincoat
Imagine a digital frame like that but with your favorite 5 second moment from a particular porno. We will finally have evolved as a species
Does anyone know the brand of rain coat that is?
Woof woof woof woof! Woof woof woof?
Yep. We're in the future. That's basically a Star Trek TNG super fancy picture frame.
Eskimo?
Kkkk excellent jaja 🐕 👁☑️
georgy??? aww
hell yeah
Reminds me of Sea Dog Brewing Co.!
You’ll floof too, Georgie! You’ll floof TOO!! 🤡
Video ends too soon.
butt why the music
Roll, Pitch and (insert video)
Oh hey baby wanna go on a date sometime
Kason said this is good
I'm probably the only one getting a Basil Brush vibe from this.
What kind of dog is this? Very cute
YOOOOOOOOO
Meme in a window.
What kind of magical doggo is this?
youre a dog????
Two good bois?? I’m not worthy.
!remindme 12h
/u/vredditshare

Edit: The bot is banned in this sub, here's the link:
https://gfycat.com/BlushingBlaringHorse
Cute
Seadog brewing mascot!
Such a happy marshmallow!!!!
/u/vredditshare
He's a keeper
/u/vredditshare
dark 4th temp
What type of dog
Stole from Tik Tok... nice
Dear Jesus—-your dog is so photogenic 🥰
Wow
omg i have this coat for my dog too. super cute and efficient for the rain
She is so adorable ! Ughh I want a puppy too :<
Okay so now I wanna see this video in the frame and you videoing that and so on so forth...

Thank you
Hes so happy! :))))))))
Heeerrrrrre, there’s nooooooooothing I fear
Thank you.
awwww
Now put THIS video in the frame and do it again.
Now put this video in the frame and post it
Lmfao your dog!!! 😂😆🤣😭
This brought me so much joy, thank you 🙏🏾
Mr. Peanutbutter?
I love that happy face
Well this made me very happy
Fucking PRECIOUS
r/bettereveryloop
So dang cute.
What a cute dogo
u/vredditshare
If not for the laws of this land I'd steal that cute dog for myself
Such a happy pup!
The BEST thing I've seen in a long while
look at his/her face 😍😍😍precious happiness
I'm in ma mum's car vroom vroom...
This is amassing, I've been looking at this for three hours now!

anyone get the meme
What. Breed. Is. This. wonderful boi
Okay...that’s just freaking awesome and I love it. Made me laugh! 😂
Omg what breed is this?
10/10. This has eased my nightly anxiety and now I'm ready for sleep
ok so i never comment on anything and your dog has compelled me... he is amazing
So proud.
/u/vredditshare
Have they been watching Dark?
So cute and adorable ❤️
E
This is one of those rare occasions where I'll allow the sappy music.
We living in the wizardin world yo
r/perfectlytimedcelinedion
It ends too soon. Don’t even get here the whole climax of the song.
Love
That face. I can't.  ❤
Why the heck are these $300 and you can't change the video? Seems like a waste of money and a generator of ewaste
/u/vredditshare
Upvote for doxxing yourself
u/vredditshare
A live r/PetFashion 🐶
I wish I could upvote this twice
Best dogggg
this would fit perfect in r/unexpected
If that was a actual thing tho
Ok I officially love you, little doggo!!
DOGGERS
What kind of photo frame is that?
George?! No, this is Doggo!
I thought this was about a furry
This is the greatest thing I ever saw thank you so much
Nice
Awesome
Bestest doggo!!
No wonder why Pennywise took Georgie
What is this Harry Potter picture frame.
My puppy has the same raincoat! Except her ears push the hood off when she perks them up.
such a happy dog <3 that smile :\*
Where did you get that yellow rain coat
I feel there should be a major spoiler tag on this. 

/r/DarK
This is my favorite video on the whole wide web
Ends too soon
I wish my dogs were this cool.
Doggo!!! I wub youuu 💕
Those are the best kind of person.
This is amazing
Is this the happiest boi?
Yes
*They’re gonna put me in the movies, they’re gonna make a big star outta me*
That’s one damn lovable dog smile.
Totally you! Lol
Soooo cute!
They look like their paw about to be bitten off by pennywise.
Can someone please edit the dictionary so that next to the word happy there is only a picture of this happy doggo?
u/vredditshare
r/vredditshare
I needed this... thank you!!
u/vredditdownload
that good doggo would have made room for Jack.
♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
Hims a gud boi!!!
You just made my day!
very nice & amazing
This is the only thing on this sub in weeks that has made me audibly aww
On the real, I'm almost 40. I witnessed the cesarian birth of the interwebs. I withstood the onslaught of 80s hatred only to see it finally reach its final glorious form in the new millennium. I've seen impeachment, emancipation a of a red German line,  the redundancy of plastic surgery and injecrible procedures circumvent medicaire... I've seen just about everything (I'd keep going but I'm about to polish off a case of Voodoo Ranger and the queen of my essence beckons)...

I guess what I'm trying to say is, this is legit one of the best things I've ever seen.
You're a good boye.
I just watched 20 minutes of anti-masker and Karen videos, and I was feeling really depressed about the state of the U.S. And then I saw this. This is what I needed all along.
This has made my morning, thank you
Tell him to watch out for storm drains. I knew this kid georgie once...didn't end well
got me
@infinateobjects on tiktok
The portrait😍
So this is clearly a repost. Why don’t people give credit? Dick move.
I can’t stop watching this!!
Someone should post it every morning.
This is beautiful......... I’ve looked at this for eight hours now
Yay
What digital frame is that please?
A/S/L?
That made me so happy, I cried.
This just made my day
This isn't my dog, but I have his face in my gallery because he's so handsome
/u/vredditshare
Nice Face reveal! LoL
u/vredditshare
u/vredditshare
u/vredditshare
This will be the last reddit post that I look at tonight. So pure. 😀  Thanks!
I feel stupid I watched this thinking it was a mirror. I was like that camera angle is off and they arnt in a car.....what is going on.
Swear she’s the problem lol.
Looks like a warm dog wanting food or water
i was the 100,000th upvote, wow
/u/vredditshare
Stop vertical video syndrome.
Brilliant!  Thanks so much for the giggle.
Hope you replaced the old video with this one.
Happy boi smile there
/u/vredditshare
u/vredditshare
Dark season 4 in which they traveled to a fourth dimension.
This was SO delightful
He looks so proud of his little parka.
I have seen some pointless shit but I think this is the pointedly pointless shit  ever I think .
I thought this was r/DarK for a second.
Awwwww good floof
That smile...
"Okay boys and girls, on the magic school bus!"
Heck loving shit this might be the pinnacle
legend
Jonas, is this you in an alternate world?
Puppy Jonas
u/vredditshare
u/nicypoo
So cute
Doggo cosplaying the kid from the Netflix show dark
A good thing to wake up to :D
omg its amazing
That is the cutest video I have seen today! Such a good boy! Aaaw :')
u/vredditshare
u/vredditshare
Cuteness overloaded ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ 😂
I laughed at that xD
u/vredditdownload
What a lovely smile!
The best boi
YOOOOO!!!
I just saw this on my tea break and I choked on my tea. Worth it
HE HAS SUCH A CUTE SMILE IM DYING
What's up, cutie. 😍
Handsome boy/ beautiful girl
I laughed with a little bit of joy. Thank you.
A good boi in a frame.
Our pup has the same raincoat!
This reminds me of Celine that Scene, which unfortunately got taken down for copyright reasons. But those videos were amazing
OMG
BudyyyyY
This is the kind of video where you see it, your heart fills with joy and you can shut down Reddit and go about your day with a smile in your heart :)
I couldn’t help but smile when watching this.
incredible
Haha cool
Made me smile.🖤👍🏻
Seems to really like the rain coat huh? I imagine it means a bug bye for em.
Oh yeah, I saw you in the reflection!
u/vReddit_bot
Like the prophecies said that this good boy will arrive
Best thing on the Internet today
/u/vredditshare
*”Hyaaaaaaaaaaaa”*
u/VredditDownload
This video uplifts me soooo much.
Little Yellow Riding Hood! Oh you're so cute!
/u/zebraslap
Made my day, been a shitty day, thanks.
AHHHHH
You're a good boy
Great rain jacket
 /u/vreddit_bot
Did you just invent .gif in real life
Thank you for this post.
😆😆😆💛💛💛💛
u/vredditdownload
Me when i show someone a movie i have been in
u/vredditshare
Post it to r/Dark please...
This had me smiling and laughing out loud after a really harsh week of nonstop work. God bless this goodest boi.
 

This is probably made my day
u/SaveVideo
Your dog would make a great rug
This isn't technically /r/perfectlycutscreams material, but it's got the same energy.
u/nredditdownloader
/u/vredditshare
u/vredditshare
K
u/vredditshare
Save
u/vredditshare
/u/rvideoshare
/u/vredditshare
/u/vredditshare
