Gonna have the best tan lines EVER!
One of my dogs would get on the hammock with me. It was the kind with spreader bars so plenty of room. He would stand at the end like he was king of the world. 

Dismount left a little to be desired when he would see a squirrel in the yard and jet off the hammock, flipping me onto the ground.
Love how the dog went, 'Who you smiling at John?'
I kinda feel like a voyeur now.
I am astounded that anyone could manage getting in a hammock without flipping it, let alone getting a SECOND living creature in with them. Well done, frendos!
The good boi is a like a ray of sunshine himself
Dog is like: You’re lucky I remain a puppy while you keep growing.
Even the dog looked up like “ya we doin great”
I feel like every Golden is so cuddly
Man, that’s the life
I like that there are two bottles of beer like they've each had a drink before their cuddle
Credit: @harleybarleyboy
Me next.
Relationship advice post: Found my husband laying shirtless in the hammock, cuddling with some blonde.
Life goals
I will always nap with my dog whenever possible.
Holy fuck, I can’t even process this amount of cuteness.
Oof daddy
Doggo looks like he knows the drill on how to do the nap with dad
The only thing I've ever really wanted was a hammock and a golden retriever.  

I finally got both 8 years ago.  

Laying in a hammock on a nice spring day with a golden retriever is possibly the definition of nirvana.
The best snuggle sessions overcome all obstacles
I need both.
pick me uuuuuuuuuuup
The balance that that man has is off the charts
Did this with my dog all the time, until he saw a squirrel once. Dug his paws and toenails into the hammock to jump out to get the squirrel. Hammock ripped out from under my ass and I slammed to the concrete patio. Had bruises for weeks. Hammock is no longer for doggies.
That dog looked back like "Mind your fucking business bitch."
Ok. I’m getting my cataracts removed this month... starting next week.

I saw he was picking up some blonde with really good hair. I’m like damn I want lovely hair like her. 

F I’m old
That’s the guys girlfriend filming and at the end the dog looks up thinking “He’s mine bitch and don’t forget it”...
The smile he gave to the camera... obviously someone he loves is behind it :)
Cute, but are you just videotaping your neighbor?
Are golden retrievers just giant babies?
r/oddlyarousing
That's the most wholesome thing I've seen all year :-)
Can't decide who's cuter in this.

Wait... It's the dog.
It always intrigues me when I see a dog look into the direction a human is looking at. I think only a couple animas species do that.
Goldens are the best ❤️. They will do anything for a cuddle!
It’s all fun and cute until the dog sees a squirrel and not only flips you out of the hammock, but steps on your balls in the process.
Beautiful ❤️
So.. where do you see yourself in five years? Me:
I try to do this and my dog gets scared as shit and jumps right off...lol
I need the name of that hammock. That's a strong one!
At the end the dog looks up at the person filming like "ffs Susan, can you give us a goddamn minute?"
Don't know who is cuter- the dog or the guy! My heart has melted.
There are dogs dads, and then there are dog daddies.
Yeah kid... GOD smiles on us ALL! 💪🏿
Man, dogs are so smart.
I'm impressed!
Awesome
His life is ruff.
This is the word “perfect” summed up
both are super cute
Cute dog and a super cute guy
How did it not collapse?!?
SPF level Floof
Thanks goodness he wasn't wearing any more clothes, or I would might have been able to tear my eyes away from his huge crotch
Time until the dog jumps off the hammock using his crotch as a launch point: 5..4...3....
What you're not seeing is the dog immediately jumping off to see what the person filming was "awwing" about
Family goals
Oh sure, when the neighbor girl is filming shirtless hammock guy from her balcony she gets a smile, but when I record the girl next door sunbathing from my upstairs window it's "creepy" and the police get involved...
Dad: We don't need a dog kids. If we are going to get one you guys are going to look after it, feed it, walk it, pick up it's mess

Kids: Ok Dad we promise!

Dad and Dog....
I hope that’s not a stranger filming them
Is this man single and ready to share his hammock some more? Because boy oh boy that smile melted my heart.
My cat does this anytime Im in the hammock. Its a net style one too 4 feet off the ground, she doesnt care
Just wanted to point out that he has one side of his hammock secured to a brick pillar. This very dangerous. Pillars are designed to hold vertical weight....not horizontal. People have died in their hammocks after a brick pillar has finally given out and fallen on them. 

Be careful in your hammock placement.
Hot Guy 👍😋😘and Pretty Doggo...🐶
I hope hes wearing shorts
That’s one of those 5 below hamacks and they are the truth. They hold my big ass and I have had one in my back yard for a year now. I have like three back ups cause they are only $5!!!
Updoot
Sunbathe until golden
Goals
I want this in my life
This reminds me of our dog growing up. I had a hammock I loved to read in and he could jump up in it with me without flipping us over. Impressive considering he was 80 pounds. He did flip me a few times when he would spot a squirrel in the yard and leap out of it to chase them. Typical though he was content to take a nap while I read.
The smile to the camera ❤️
Is it the sun,  or is he looking a little golden?
Who was worried for the first 5 seconds as to where this was going to end?
A golden goodboi
Sunbathing with a blonde on top
Imagine chilling in the sun with your dog on a hammock... and then there's some creep recording you from afar for that sweet sweet reddit karma.
I can’t imagine this man is single, lol
https://imgur.com/gallery/DAyeKrH?s=sms
So wholesome 
*hooked on a feelin plays in the back round*
I must be a total curmudgeon; I keep thinking about the dog shedding and the loose hair sticking to my sunscreen.
ladies, my dog sleeps in the bed with me. i know shes a great dane but she doesn't take up that much room.
"The heck you lookin' at?"
Omg, so glad I’m not the only one that hangs out with their golden like this
My dream man
Very trusting dog. Mine (heeler) would have freaked and thrown her body and head and I'd end up two black eyes, lol
Please don't do this...please don't do this....Mom's in on it too?
Hey we have that same hammock too!
What a perfect place to spend an hour.
That's so sweet.
The Golden One has been the Chosen One
Genuine happiness
Ahhhh, gotta love furry babies!!
This is fucking adorable
r/hammocks
They just stole your guy!
That little smile..
Nope. Sorry dog. It’s too hot for that shit.
Am I the only one uncomfortable because this dude looks like he's about to get "intimate" with that dog
My Goldie does the same. "Oh yes, hooman this seems to be a most comfytorvple to ploof on down. Ope, those are your legs hope you dont mind if I just, yup, just like that, ima gonna go ahead and i know that was your space but i think our space has a better ring to it."
Love the smile he gives the camera! Yup, me and my pup are going to relax !
Deleted
r/suddenlygay
That Smile.. that damn Smile
That’s not creepy at all watching your neighbor on his deck.
Next video will be him fucking his dog
He must not be in Texas. Can’t be wearing a fur coat in this heat.
This is so cute.
Watch those claws!
Being covered in someone else’s day, lol.
u/xleyxley
My good boi looooves being on my hammock with me! He’ll just jump right up, but has yet to actually upend me haha
Golden’s are the best
This is why giant puppers still think they’re lap dogs!
Golden retiever l9oked at the camera like "ehhhsssxxxxcuuuse You?"
I have this hammock and a big yellow dog.  Can confirm, is heaven to rock in a hammock with your best buddy
This is what my paradise looks like
He is living the dream!
u/vredditshare
How are they getting out though?
“Rex, they’re on to us!”
at first I thought it was a naked man with a woman but I looked closely and noticed it wasn't
Hug
Searching craters in my area brought up shopping results. Thats just sad.
Cute how he followed hooman's eyes
very cute 🥰🥰
I would do the same thing for my doggo.
Best buddies
this is it. this is what i want.
Boi he will get a golden tan!
I've been sleeping soley in a hammock for two years and have no regrets. There seems to be a lot of misconceptions here.
I love that dogs are capable of asking for uppies.
My dog does this all the time when I’m on the hammock.
Thought that was Finn Balor at first glance.
I would resent my female neighbour filming my intimate moments with my best friend and then sighing audibly...
Damn, it cut before the action got started
I’d like to climb into the hammock with him too to be honest.
Their glances back at the end 😍
Nice
Is there room for me too? 😍
Pure bliss
Forgot the peanut butter
That puppy NEVER GREW UP. 
Neither did the dog
Both give the camera a smug smile at the end which tells me that the forthcoming nap is going to be epic.
The dog looking back like, "UM, WE'RE BUSY HERE."
I dunno, that last look was more along the lines of "I need an adult!"
That felt kind of romantic and intimate.
[This reminded me of that Saturday Night Live "Canis" video...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1HuU66ur6eg)
Ugh that little smile at the end! Perfect.
i have a golden :') they are so sweet
My heart ❤
Getting a golden tan
The perfect man doesn't exi . . .
There is always room for a good boy
Who needs sunscreen when you have a coating of dog hair.
Great hammock skills, he got there
Honestly that's cute as hell.
Pupbathe
Why bother going outside when you already have a sun shine sitting on top of you? ;)
Oof my heart
I'm trying not to assume things, but aren't you stalking someone....
That’s adorable!
Adorable 🥰
see how he struggles to get the dog up. fucking overfeeding his dog fat fuck
Adorable lol
Needy but super adorable!
At first glance I thought this was a couple going at it
I too put my doggo's front paws on my shoulders first before picking them up
80 lbs sunblock
At first, I thought ooh damn he got caught cheating.
PLEASE can someone send me the link to the person in the bath and that white dog. I can't find it. I need to show someone ty
u/stabbot
Cute, but that shit wouldn't cut it the Brazilian heat, I'd yet that dog away.
Awwwwww!
He’s a keeper! The doggo and the dude ;)
Awwww! That doggie is adorable and it’s Owner is too😂I love when my cat jumps on the hammock with me
Big woof
 .
I thought that was a human for a sec- LMFAO
I like how when the guy looks at the camera and smiles, the dog picks up on that and turns around to look in the same direction. One of the many things that makes the dog-human relationship so special.
!remindme 1h
What a good doggo
He’s got a sunburn because that dogs already the center of the universe
Wqqqwwwet aha
Wqqqwwwet aha
*creepy neighbor filming syndrome tingling*
Aww that's what I want for myself. Just a good tan with a fluffly dog.
Those are some cuties right there
I like how the first step to lifting any retriever is to gather it all up in your hands like a semi liquid putty.
My dog love chilling in hammocks!! Anytime someone gets in the one out backyard he runs over and jumps in. Not always the best cause he's a 70 lbs Malinois...
Dog: No homo!
Do doggies get sunburnt?
No he is getting ready for something else
Ohhhhh goodness he doin a relax
Such good bois!!!
I ordered one of these hammocks just so my dogs could get in it with me 🥰
That's way too cute.... until the dog sits on the guy's balls.
I love how the dog looks at the end like wtf you looking at??
My dog does that too.  Hahahah
This looks oddly uhhh....
Everyone commenting on the cuteness of the dog and hammock safety, and I’m over here thinking I won’t get the nut sweat out of head!
I have that hammock!
That's gonna be super warm in a few minutes
just hope his nails aren’t sharp!
This is the American Dream
I have that exact hammock!
That dog looked back like "what bitch?"
it's all fun and games until the dog suddenly sees a squirrel and he goes ass over tea kettle
I love dogs.
I love how careful is that daddy with that baby jeje tons of love in that video
Same, I would wanna lay on him 2
Glad I’m not the only one that lays in a hammock with their Golden. Mine loves it.
i swear all goldens are experts at getting picked up, whenever i try to pick up my cocker spaniel she twists and moves and makes it impossible to pick her up and shes only like 35 pounds
I do this with my dog Freya, but inside and on a recliner
Back off Rachel, he's mine!
That's awesome. Lol
Animal lovers are sexy AF.
Whenever I sit in a chair my dog tries to climb on top of me just like this
I'm actually doing the same thing right now!! It's a little easier with a chihuahua tho
How “rede”(brazillian portuguese) became “hammock”?
That doggy doing mishy.
Awee!!
Hey I have that same hammock too! I can't use it because it's winter over here and it's always raining and cold :(
That look in the end the dog gave you was definitively a “I can take your man if I want to” look.
Ahh the beautiful Golden sun!
Well, now I love them both.
I love and want this so bad
I think I have that exact hammock, but haven't tried it out yet. Good to know it should support my weight no problem
Idk, but that doesnt look good for his hips
dogs like 'can we help u?? mind ya bizness'
r/wholesome
Hims good boy!
that actually looked like my bf at first glance. except a lil more tan
I want a day off like this with the good boi ofcourse.
Hey! I have that same hammock, now I just need that adorable dog :)
Dogs love hammocks, can confirm 

My cocker spaniel would love to be lie down and be rocked back & forth
When I do that with my Golden he tries to eat my face.
There's no way he's getting out of that without someone busting a hip.

But it looks fun while it lasts!
Sunscreen
So true and cute😋🥰😍
Now he just gotta grab the peanut butter
Dogo is more important than wife
i used to do this with my late lab, hit me right in the feels.
Literally a Golden Moment
So sweet
I can't help but wonder if he knows he is on Reddit. He doesn't seem to know he's being videoed.
At first glance I was convinced something very different and nsfw was happening here
YES!!!! 😉
Love is always true.
I m33ui779989m  8mrggy6PM  has apickle km
That’s cute
[deleted]
The rest of this video can be found on the dark web.
Lucky dog tbh
not sure what’s going on there but I think that’s illegal.  Maybe ok in Sweden tho
Ar you havig sex
Looks like the dog is fucking him
Forecast: high chance of golden showers.
He loves that dog ...intimately. Clearly his gf.
so much stalker vibes.
i thought this was going to take a turn
Dog doesn't look like it was consenting...
Me and my wife tried that exact position last night!
Um NSFW tag please
And then they fucked
He was about to fuck his dog until he spotted that person
[deleted]
That’s not how i thought that was going to end
Wholesome zoophiles.
I tried to make post but my account is too new. So I'm making comments now to show I'm real, not s troll, not a throwaway. 

This thread is bittersweet for me. I need to sunbathe with a dog, lol.
Can I be the dog?
Is that Heath from the vlog squad
for a second I thought they were gonna do cowgirl. I’m dissapoinyed
fat
