My good old boi was a black lab who would line up at the fence wait his turn for his carrot to eat when we were handing them out to our horses! He’d get sooo excited when it was treat time! Id give one to each horse and then toss him his to catch. I’d buy 25 pound bags and they would be gone in no time! He’s been gone a few years now but he was the best friend I’ve ever had. He was one in a million. His name was Baxter.
I have never seen a horse scratch itself like that.
Did the horse say thank you?  Dog looked like it was waiting
/r/AnimalsBeingBros
Horse:  "Hey buddy!   Look!   I've been practicing my scritches just like you showed me.    Thanks for the treat, friend!"
That is the greatest thing I have seen today.  I'm done.  Just gonna go home and go to bed.  Nothing will top this.
At first, the horse doesn't seem to carrot all.
Always look a gift dog in the mouth
Cute but needs more jpeg.
Dogs are so wonderful
TIL horses scratch their heads with their back hooves like dogs do
Was this recorded on a carrot also?
The "aww" heard 'round the world!
This. This is why I surf reddit
I love this
Carrots are my dog's favorite food. No way she would ever share. That's a good boy right there!
bruh this is so cute it's almost making me cry
Carrot delivery service
What a good boy and coworker
'Aww', is an understatement!
r/dogswithjobs
What is this a crossover episode?
That is so cute !! The dog is such a good boy. The horse and the dog are so cute together !!
I’ve never seen a horse scratch themselves looking like a big ass dog
“I’ve learned all I know from my smol maneless brother” -scratches head with back hoof

I’ve never seen a horse do that. Then again I don’t spend much time around horses.
This is SOOOOOO SWEET!! Oh my HEART!!!! ♥️
Its not everyday I see a horse scratch its ear. Kinda funny looking.
I’ve never seen a horse scratch like that. Does she think he’s a dog?
In what century was this filmed?
I wish I could just eat carrots and be built like a horse.
Cutest and sweetest thing ever
Dog like that is priceless.  Horse too but I've never had the honor of owning one.
Shit, that just melted my heart for the day. Thanks!
Super excited Dog; passive irritated looking Horse? They are definitely this worlds Bojack and Mr. Peanut Butter.
The most interesting part of this is that horses scratch their ears with their back legs like a dog lol
Dogs are literally the purest creatures to ever walk this earth. Sweet beautiful babies. Anyone who mistreats a dog should be executed.
I've got dogs and horses too, but when it's carrot time, my dogs line up for their share of the carrots.
Every day since 1992 apparently. This was worse than potato quality, but very wholesome.
R/dogswithjobs
the best fUCKING BOY EVER
In love!  Made my day and life.  How precious.
If I could upvote this a million times I would. This is amazing. I had a pretty fucking awful day yesterday and I just woke up still pretty upset and seeing this made me smile. Thank you for posting, I really appreciate it!!
He is the goodest boy
Is this in the Northport area by any chance? I see a dog like this near horse stables every time I leave my house and I always remark to my husband what a good dog he must be to not run out of the yard.
Oh!  That’s so sweet!  I can’t believe it!!! That would never happen with our dogs!  Haha. They love carrots too much.
What a sweeheart! Sweet doggy!!!
So precious you can tell he loves his little job and takes it seriously
I...did not know horses could scratch themselves that way.
Ive never seen a horse scratch itself like that
My dog would never ever that carrot go.
With wholesome videos like these, I find myself wondering more and more if it's OP's life or if it's just a re-post of somebody else's life.
/u/lincoln_dd
Oh my heart. that’s is the sweetest thing.
Oh wow how cute!
I didn't know horses did the scratchy with their legs until just now
I had no idea horses could scratch with their hooves like that. O-O
That's the first time in my life i've seen a horse scratch itself
This is the exact type of content I need in my day to day life.
My heart
😍
Oh, my heart, this is so wholesome and cute!
Oh man, that is too awesome. I love these kinds of stories of different animals developing relationships, makes my heart grow.
Omg this is too god damn cute
He was a real sweetie.
We need more. Deliver more carrots.
whats with folks never seeing a horse scratch b4 lol
We have a cat that hunts at night in the house and meows as he brings the McDonald beanie baby bluebird to our bedroom door. Can’t imagine the hunting he could do if he was an outdoor cat
Is it me or are they both learning from each other? The horse scratching its ear like a dog and the dog galloping like a horse.
This is stupidly wholesome.  I love it.
This is the most wholesome thing I've seen in a while.
Oh hold on, I has an itchy.
they both have good eye vision I take it?
A dog with a job is the happiest dog ever.
did that horse just scratch its ear with its foot like a dog?
You know know they were a married couple in a past life. No other possibility, heh
We don’t deserve dogs
I love this so much. Thanks for sharing
The stuff movies are made about
Dogs could teach us how to be human.
"Hi fren, I habe carrot for U"
Very nice
I've never seen a horse scratch like a dog before.
Awwwww
Must have been litter mates.
How cute and awesome and amazing and wonderful and beautiful and special. 

As humans there's quite a lot we desperately need tipo learn from animals. 

Loved this video! Thanks for sharing❣

May GOD bless you, your loved ones and all your precious animals always and in all ways❣🙏
Cuteness overload!!♥
This just touched my heart! Thank you.
What must that horse be thinking? 
"Oh my carrot delivery wolf is here"
Dogs are so amazing
What a great boy ♡♡♡
I SEE YOU EVERYWHERE
Pupper Eats at work.
What a good doggo!!
I wish I could be that doggo’s friend...
Love it!
My Dutch shepherd would eat that carrot faster than the horse did.
How thoughtful! 😍
My favorite part is that the horse doesn't even come to expect it. It doesn't seem to have been conditioned to anticipate the carrot from seeing the dog. 

Which creates a need for a small amount of patience from the dog. And damn that's the cutest part. 

Like "no worries, take your time, I'm here and I can't wait to give you this"
This is awsome.
That is one huge rabbit.
Takes 🙄
What a good boy!
"...let alone six feet in the air on a jittery, glassy-eyed dinosaur."
Awww...what a sweet boy, such a beautiful friendship they have. 😍
My current black Lab can tell the difference between when I’m peeling potatoes or peeling carrots. Potatoes? Meh!! Carrots? She’ll come running and sit next to me until the peelings and end bits go in her bowl. Nom, nom.
Give this pupper gold, one isn't enough to describe my love for him.
This is so awesome.
Came here for the surprised comments about horses scratching. Was not disappointed.
He is the best boi.
If we could all be as good as dogs the world would be a better place!
The dog walks like a horse, the horse scratches itself like a dog. Both have personality disorders, lol
When I was a little girl, I was feeding my neighbors horse, carrots and it ripped my cute, little, straw hat right off my head, and ate that instead. I still remember the elastic snap on my chin
What a good sweet boy!
💚💚💚💚
I wish  I had a best buddy  :{
This is way too wholesome. I have Type C diabetes now.
We really don’t deserve dogs
I didn’t know carrots were green.
Horse is like I am eating grass, can't you see I like grass, ok I will take the carrot.
Awww
Is it just me or does that dog run like a horse
Meanwhile my Yorkie would take on a horse if he got a carrot out of it.
I have little-to-no experience with horses.  I never saw one try to scratch him/herself with a hind foot, the way cats and dogs, and probably most mammals, do.

So, cool that doggy offers up the carrot.
Precious
❤️
What is this, a crossover episode??
The goodest boi
Gaaaaaayyyy. I mean that in a good way.
I love humanized animals.
r/dogswithjobs ? Even though it seems the doggo probably gave the job to themself!
This just made my day
Love this!
Good dog
My dog saw a horse for the first time the other day, he was mortified
Jesu how do you guys manage that, my lab holly will snatch carrots and apples everytime I try to feed a horse.  She actually one time tried to bite a horse's face. No more treats for the poor horses 🤐😵🙈
I love animals!!
Oh my...this made my day! 👏
 What is this, a crossover episode?
Of course of course
This is so cool!
I've never seen a horse do that with their hoof... learned something new today!
I wished my dog would bring me something. And his brother the cat also.
Sweet
How in the world do you train generosity into a dog? That is amazing.
So not the woman in orange? Colour me disappointed
Oh my god, that is awesome
Did that horse just scratch it’s ear like a dog??
My GSP learned, by watching the horses, how to pull carrots directly up from the garden. You would sometime see him in the yard gnawing on one like it was a bone.
And he takes the long route through the barn to make the adventure last.
[What is this, a crossover episode?](https://media.makeameme.org/created/what-is-this-6703d93289.jpg)
AHHHHHHHHHH OMG CUTENESS OVERLOAD!!!!!!❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Horse leaves him hanging a second
I love it, “Hold on, let me scratch first,” then “oh thank you!”
Oh god my heart!!
Reminds me of that Disney movie Lady & the Tramp where it shows Lady thinking she's putting the house in order by barking at the birds, trying to put the flower back and fetching the paper. Dogs definitely have a vague sense of the proper order of things (that some things belong and some things don't) and they get upset when something doesn't match. This dog gets a carrot, it understands where carrots belong, so it goes out to put the carrot where it belongs.

It's also why dogs bark at strangers: because they know the strangers don't belong.

Pavlov reduced this down to "stimulus and response" but I think that fails to get the whole picture. I don't think this dog is necessarily thinking about a reward for giving the carrot. I think this dog is more just trying to do what makes their world make sense.
Good boy!
Nice
a bond that can’t be broken
I didn't know horses scratched themselves with their back feet, now I do.
Geez, he runs like horse too
I wish my dogs were that sweet! They don’t like carrots but they’ll eat one just to make sure the other doesn’t have it!
Reason 147382 why dogs are better than cats
I was so worried it was just gonna end when he got to the barn
Damn good boy
Goddammit. 

That's a good fucking boy
I love animal friends
Horse: “*our* carrot”
I like how the horse scratches like a dog
EVERYBODY LIKED THAT!
I love this video. I have two black labs that are selfish lol
Was this also filmed on a carrot?
Awww I love this
That is just to freakin cool!!
Awwwww
How beautiful!  What a wonderful dog! 🤗
r/Eyebleach  r/AnimalsBeingBros
oh my
I've never seen a horse scratch it's head. Neat.
That is the sweetest thing!!!
Omg so cute 🐶
Love how the horse scratches like a doggo.
The goodest boy 🥰
I've never seen a mf horse itch itself like a dog tf
I'd be terrified of my dog spooking the horse and getting killed
Does anyone know if dogs can have best friends (other dogs) and are they sad if they don't want to play with them anymore?
Aww
TIL horses scratch their ears with their hind legs like cats
Tem Br?
I have to ask myself, what possible motivation would someone have to go to the trouble of staging that?  That would involve a lot of work.  And all that the humans would get out of it is a few Reddit up-clicks.  The only conclusion that I can come to is that this is real and very **AWWWWW**!
For a second the horse’s ears are laid back, is he upset? Or does that mean something else?
This is so cute!
Nice
Did this horse just scratch it's neck like a dog??
My parents dog (a blue heeler puppy, 9 months old) is OBSESSED with their horse, she runs straight out to the horse barn every time they let her out and just stares at the horse for hours, and harasses him a little bit but he likes it. They are good friends.
How train doggy to feed horse carrot hm?
This seems like a good way to make the horse less skittish around dogs.
Omg I want to move there.  A pub and dogs.  Must feel like heaven 🐾🥰
Pointers are the best
That’s a good boy.
This is so cute it hurts
Such a good boy!!!
Such a good doggy!
I love the horse doing a clasic dog move...
We really don’t deserve dogs
r/animalsbeingbros
r/animalsbeingbros
My dog would just eat the carrot if I handed her one
I think that’s an ear of corn. Crazy adorable regardless though
That's pretty damn cool.  You can see the excitement in that pup for sure, he definitely enjoys doing that.
Horse: "The code is fire hawk, young lad. Go save the world."
Aww what a great friend!!
The horse scratches himself like a dog too
This just made my entire day <3 we don’t deserve animals.
I grew up country, dogs and horses have an interesting relationship. It seemed like most of the time the dog acts like the bossy younger sibling - kind of herding the horse through the day. The horses were tolerent but not really affectionate. 

Cats and horses are totally different. We had barn cats that would sleep on the stable walls. The horses were always very gentle with the cats. It was almost as if the cats were their pets too.

Edit: clarity
That's a lazy/smart owner.
Daily SMILES from Schnoodle. Thank you!! ❤❤
For some reason it never dawned on me that horses might scratch their necks necks like that.
is this a crossover episode
Today I learned horses scratch themselves with their hoofy feet
The dog almost looks like it gallops like a horse itself too.
I had no idea horses scratched like that.
My monkey heart can only take so much wholesome
So this is happiness...
I just love this...you can feel the happiness and pride.
Paying tribute to the big dog
lol I love how excited the dog is!! so cute. At first I was sad when the horse seemed uninterested, but then he booped the dog before taking the carrot, so then I knew they are true BFFs
NGL I thought the person was the carrot at first.
"What are you up to buddy?
This is what the internet is for
I have never seen a horse scratch itself, and I'm dying rn lol
Excuse me!? Horses can scratch the neck with their back hoof???? Wtf? This doesn't seem possible to me. Am I just stupid? I rode horses for years and never saw this happen????
I never knew horses scratched like that!
I love how you can tell they're good friends because the horse has adopted some dog behavior. Far as I know, that back leg scratch isn't something most horses would do, but he learned it from his dog friend.
Doggo so excited he doesn't even see his buddy in the field.

Horseo shows his appreciation by scratching his ear doggo style.
Do horses usually scratch the back of their ears like a dog or does this horse think he's a dog serious question horse lovers i never seen a horse do that but at the same time i really don't know shit about horses
First time I've seen a horse scratch itself.
i love this so much!
🤩gone with the wind
Thats soo cute
Thank you for this.
Wholesome.
That is soon cute!!!
TIL horses scratch their heads just like dogs
Omg. I love this
I think the dog just wants to show its loyalty to the big dogs
Doggo does a job
So amazing how smart and incredible our babies are.
My black lab has been gone a few years now. My husband was 'her person ' and after he was killed she never left my boys or my side. She protected and supported us even as she carried her own sadness.
There was nothing like her! She was almost 19 when she passed. She knew we needed her to stick around and see us through. I know she ran straight to him! Her name was Kaylee. We adopted her when my boys were 4 yrs and almost 1yr old.
Thank you for bringing back these sweet memories with your post!💜😊💜😷😷😷
R/animalsbeingbros
TIL horses can scratch their heads like dogs.
OH MY WORD MY HEART JUST BURST
Can I upvote this 100 more times???
Living in the suburbs, I never get to see things like this. Thank you for sharing!
HeLtH
I love eveeything about this
Please, let's not forget that that outstanding friendly  doggo appears to be the part of the gorgeous German Wirehaired Pointer dog breed - one of those used to be  a trusty buddy of mine, so I guess I should know! :) They are not only kind  by nature- but sly as  hell!!! <3
I didn’t upvote this. Why is it upvoted for me?
That’s really cute.
Here, fren! Look! I bring treat for fren!
r/animalsbeingbros
Smol dog give big dog treat. Woof.
And everyone liked that.
Do horses normally scratch themselves like dogs?
I can die happy
At first I thought this caption was a phrase to help me remember musical notes.
Horse booped him hard, a solid thanks bro.
I bring carrot
Irl hank the cow dog
I have never seen a horse scratch its head in that way.
His bud,Mr Horse,doesn’t seem too excited ‘bout it. Maybe he needs a change if he gets a carrot everyday. Idk..celery stick perhaps?
Just realizing I’ve never seen a horse scratch itself before this
Did that horse just... Scratch is ear like a dog....
HORSES CAN SCRATCH THEMSELVES?!????
That dog is going to get kicked in the head one day, running behind a horse like that
MY HEART!!!! 😭😭
🥰 awwww
Man, I love dogs.
never seen a horse scratch its head with its hind legs.
We really do have yet to learn the extent of dogs' consciousness.
horses scratch like cats and dogs??!! this is news to me
That’s the cutest thing I’ve seen all day!! Man, dogs are awesome.
This is awesome! Pure innocent sweetness! 💜
This is so sweet.
Wholesome af
Omg so cute
The gudest gud boi
Love love love this! It hits close to home, I had a horse years ago. 
Animals... “ Simply The Best”☘️
The world doesn’t deserve dogs
I love GSP’s
What a good friend!!!!
That's adorable!
i’m bring this is so cute
How do you train a dog to do that!?
awesome stuff
My heart... Exploding... Ugh
Guys it’s a bot account, which really sucks, cause this is an awesome video.
Dog be like: here you go men i know it’s hard
I have to shut my cats and dog out of the treadmill room due to the fact they all jump on at the same time and get thrown off in a tangle of limbs that could only be described as ratking-esque.
#we don’t deserve dogs
Me watching this: it's a horse, isn't it? *dog runs past horse* it's a horse.

Horses love carrots, and it's pretty cute watching them sniff and gobble one up.
Dr. Manhattan sent dogs to earth to remind us of love
Mr. Peanut Butter and Bojack Horseman in a nutshell
He taught the horse how to scratch itself 😢
Imagine one day he’s just not there and he turns around and sees the farmer holding this big ass bottle of glue while crying
Horses are fucking idiots
[deleted]
We don't deserve dogs.
That's a huge dog! 😅
Maybe if this somehow came about naturally, this would be interesting, but you can train a dog to do anything.   For example, there's also a video of a dog bringing his owner another beer, and discarding the empty can.
Paging /r/animaltextgifs
[deleted]
