That’s just a wonderful illustration of complete trust, as though she’s saying treat my offspring like you have me
“Here,take these fucking things..I’m done”
Its often viewed that a cat is trusting humans with their offspring.   

Whatif cats view you as their child and your just too heavy to move so they group their dependents together?
I love this! I had a cat years ago who would bring me her kitten when she wanted to eat and then she'd come back and get it from me when she was done. And if she wanted attention she'd just bring it with her and get in my lap.
That girl must really like maple leaves
She... She just dropped that new born...
The cat got it figured out - free babysitting!
When I was 15 I was home sick with the flu and my cat started having babies. I had to sit on the floor, by the nest she made, with her the whole time. I tried leave the room to call my Mom and she was in the middle of the first baby coming out, still followed. She also wasn't taking the sacs off them all the way so I had to do it. Worst and most amazing flu ever. She would only let me hold the babies for the first few weeks and would try to attack my Mom and our other cat if they got close. Felt honored she loved me and trusted me that much.
Distracted by the mall bangs in progress...
Look you’re a Grandma! Yaaaaay I’m goin catnippin
Cat: I'm too damn high to trust myself with these Rugrats. Plus I have the munchies.
[After she had her litter](https://i.imgur.com/6CcHYsc.jpg), every once in a while I would go out in my mudroom and my Queen would be sitting on top of the washer, where she was out of sight and reach of her kittens, totally passed out.  She would look up at you and you could see her expression was "They're fine, they're safe, but I need a break, you deal with them".
"look at what I made! :3"
Ooops dropsies
Momma cat: “ooops, almost squashed ya little one”
“These are all mine. Including you.”
"You have given me food, shelter, and face scratchies; I trust you with my young and expect you to give them the same.
Awe, you’re a Grandpurrent! Congratulations!
shes just dropping them off with grandma so she can go out tonight
For a second I thought that was a dead mouse....
"poops, dropped my baby"
r/illegallysmolcats
Man I really need to get a kitty.
When your mom drops and steps on you.
Cat; I made these. Do something useful with them.
When our cat had kittens when I was maybe 5-6, my dad explained her putting the babies in our beds as her way of saying "These are my kids. Your are their cousins. You have to hang out together," because cats are family too. 

It went a long way toward making sure we treated pets with a high level of care as we got older.
All mama’s need a break ❤️
So y'all (reddit) get into a tizzy with a picture of a pregnant cat, but as soon as that cat gives birth there's not a single comment about where those tiny kittens came from? Where have I heard this hypocrisy before?
She knows they’re safe with her human
My dog would bring me her puppies, and would only let me hold them or touch them until they were about 8 weeks old. Shes my big baby, who had a love hate relationship with her pups, but knew I wouldn't hurt them and trusted me to hold them 💜
The cat is saying “take care of my kids when I’m gone please! I’m off to work!”
Anyone else noticing the weed carpet? No wonder she’s cool with it. The cat knows they are too chill to not be irrational
I thought it was a mouse
Sure, she has a free babysitter.
So cute and adorable ❤️
Is there a sub like uselessredcircle but for r/uselessslowmo ?

Edit: Yes but it sucks.
I want some beans... Squeaky beans
Now, THAT is what I call trust. A mama bringing her babies...to you.   
Cat worships you, for sure.
Aww cute!!!
Im dyin
"I sacrifice my young ones for some head pats and butt scratchies."
I get my cuddle now?
I feel like this is the kitty showing mama the babies she made. Like when granny meets the kids for the first time
It’s not trust, she’s a free babysitter.  :)
Where are the Spay brigade?
She knows her babies are safe with her 😭 I’m gonna cry
Again, breeding isn't cute. Why does it get posted here all the time. Animals suffering in the shelters BECAUSE of breeding...doesn't fit here
Parent here and think it's more the mom trying to get a fucking second to herself LOL
did you see her lick those lips
So that’s what my cat would look like with another 10-15 pounds of weight lol
"Oh look, a babysitter"
We just gonna ignore the awesome pot rug?
Ok your a grandma now and I need a bath and a nap or I am going to loose it so you watch theses kittens
Lmfao "trust" my ass, you just got conscripted for babysitting duty without so much as a "Hey, would you mind?" 🤣
With the way the cat just drops that little one you'd almost think she was just like "HERE! You take em for awhile! I need a break!!!"
How do you get into this situation? She a breeder?
I'm trying to watch the cat, but is that weed carpet?
Hahaha funnie weed carpet
u/sgeraphylat
thought it was a rat at first lol
The thing that was done with the kittens is the origin of my username, but they were a friends kittens, and he stacked them up as put a mini sombrero on the one on top, it was so funny
You would do that too if you knew the human was the only thing that stood between your kids eating and starvation.
Lol momma cat was second hand stoned. "Oh, shit I dropped something, wait, who is your small ass?, oh shit lol jk sorry son" slightly stone cat mom, probably
My cat dumped her kittens and hauled tail out of there. 



They're was no "awww" about it. 


More "take these furry little turds cuz I'm out". 


Ended up keeping the mom and her two kittens. 6 years later she still can't stand the furry little turds lol. She regularly kicks them off of shelves and stuff just...because.
Nice carpet
That carpet is also adorable. I love everything about this video. I will never not upvote it.
Here. Watch these shitheads. I'm going to go get nipped out of my gourd and get laid.
It’s trust. I have that. Dogs, cats, and babies follow me and love me. I have no kids and am allergic to cats. Dogs I have, but the other two make no sense. Can’t stop if I try lol
Her hand looks fake as FUCK in the first few seconds, I thought this was gonna be a video about the cat freaking out when her hand came off (obviously I don't read titles)
mum...take care of your grand kids please while i go enjoy my me time....these things demand too much attention
This is incorrect. Given that all cats are assholes, from a cats point of view eating the cute, fury rodents would only mean a reduction in the premium catfood supplied by the human for not eating the cute, fury rodents.
u/cafe_con_la_bruja_
Here can you take th... Oh fuck I dropped him. Can you take these. Thanks.
I mean she did just run one over.
The head rub at the end... yeah in case there was any doubt that cat loves that human.
Based on the tattoos, the bangs, the cat/kittens, and the weed rug, I'd like to befriend this person.
What a lovely relationship
where can i buy the carpet lol
Oh at first I thought it was a rat
My cat brings me 'kittens' sometimes. She isn't allowed contact with males, so they are always alive mice. THANKS A LOT!
Sweet rug where did you get it
Considering she dropped and nearly stepped on her kid on the way over, I'd say the bar is pretty low. *"Here, I trust yo...oh fuck, shit. gotta stop the catnip for breakfast, quick take them...I need a nap".*
That rug tho.
Squish that cat! Just squish them
Did your mom dropped you when you're a kid or something?
Skill level - Cat lady
Coparenting at its best
Trust?? That mother needs a VACATION and some Catnip
She’s like God damnit take these needy ass children I’M AT MY WITS END BRENDA
Mama needs a break
Super cute video, but...

&#x200B;

... Where can I get that blanket?
I want that blanket! Lol
That rug really ties the room together
Plop
o i thought she was taking mice to her lap and i was really confused
Nice carpet
Dope rug
My stupid ass thought the cat give you a mouse.
I thought the cat brought a mouse for a second and was freaked out, then realized it's the cat trying to return her babies without the receipt.
I thought that was a mouse for a second
"It takes a village, human,"
That cats says, take care of these fucks like you do I. Don’t film me when your phone, that shit is stupid
You worked for me , now you work for them.
i like their rug
I like how she just drops the kitten, steps on it, and then is like “you take it”
OOPSIE dropped one..
So do you smoke weed orrr
its her owner

why wouldnt she trust
I love how the cat drops her kitten lol
This is a repost, I remember cause of the pot leaves in the background on the floor/tapestry thing.
Cute kittens! But I was distracted by your awesome rug + single roller for the bangs + coordinating pj’s! I’m livening you’re look
Dope rug...
She really trusts that rug too
This is such a great vedio! Deserves a nice frame!!
Look at that baby!
That rug tho
Awwww so smol 🤗
I thought it was a mouse at first.
Best video all day love love love
Oops...dropped my baby

Whatever..lol
He was on the Johnny Carson Tonight Show the other night, the repeats of course. It was nice to see him
I thought they were rats at first
Once again I have administered the stacking problem, but the human remains unable to determine which cats belong on top of which other cats.  Consider prominent color variations in the next generation.
Those kittens look high as fuck
The diference between the camera staying steady versus moving, stares right away
Nice rug
That rug is dope.
Did anyone see the damn pattern of the blanket, god i miss me some herb.
Kitty says "Oops, I dropped one."
"our kittens"
FREE babysitting!!
cat knows how to get a baby sitter pronto!
Could watch that all day
Every mom likes hearing how beautiful her babies are. Mama cats are no different.
They look like rats
My cats eventually figured out to do this to get them fed fresh cat milk from my feeding bottles after I did it a few times :)

Eventually they would bring me the offspring when they were too young for feeding like that and looked really depressed when I told them to do it themselves for the first week or two
Trust level 0 when she sells or gives them away...
THEY SAY ONLY DOGS UNDERSTAND HUMAN GESTURES, BUT CATS OBVIOUSLY DO, AS WELL, AND JUST NORMALLY CHOOSE TO IGNORE THEM.
I don't know why that needed an instant replay.
What breed is the momma cat? A friend has one that looks like her and I absolutely adore her
Is very sweet
 *Care for them as you cared for me*
Son: mom did you ever drop me as a child

Mom: Yes
That's basically the cat saying the safest spot around is with the owner, right?
What is life without kittens?
She just got her a new babysitter
How beautiful.
“Whoops, dropped one. Ok, here ya go!”
I thought that was a rat at first...
What an emotional rollercoaster! Damn!.. At first I thought the cat dropped a dead rat there, then I saw her hind leg stepover, pickup, drop, and smol kitten reunion, and my disgust melted into something I can't quite yet describe. Is this love? Have I used too many commas? I have no idea. I'm still confused, but I'm watching it again. Right now.
We gonna ignore the carpet is weed?
I can’t be the only one who got distracted by the cat’s chonkiness
The level of weed print on the carpet is just adorable
It's truly a crazy thing to behold but if you have a cuddly cat while pregnant, they will return the favor once you have the baby. I've never seen my cat as gentle as she was around my newborn. She knew what a baby human was. It blew my mind.
She's actually like "yes, please take these from me".
AWWWWWWW
Awww!!
Oh my goodness (つ≧▽≦)つ
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Cute as shit!
Thats cat is the best and I love em.
Oh my gooosh <3
D
Trust? That cat knows youre going to take care of them so she can fuck off to do nothing important.  Have some pride!  Put that cat in a box with her spawn make her do the work.
Nice
Are we not going to talk about that rug?
A pot leaf rug and a curler in the hair.
And saved <3
Hey , ma'am, you dropped this
Just stay away from my drum set!
The stare at the camera at the end tho. Definitely didn’t trust him/her lol
Can someone explain why some pets dont seem to trust their owner like this? I mean, they've been living there since forever whats there not to trust
Lol
So sweet!
Do you perhaps enjoy smoking marijuana?
These need more cowbell.
R/worldpulse
I would like both a lap full of kittens and the unconditional love of a big fluffy cat.
Here hold these for me, I need a bath
Uhh, nice rug there.
❤❤🤭
Weed rug
That's a... dope rug you got there.
This is beautiful
I noticed the carpet
This guy has marijuana bed sheets. I question this cat’s judgement
I used to have this level of trust withba cat once after 2 years of not visting her she forgot about me :(
Can someone please say I’m not the only one that thought they were pets rats
Wants you to babysit
"Look look! I made this!"
Adorable
I really like your rug
"Oh shiii... I dropped the baby, good thing there's more where that came from"
u/vredditshare
Is there any mistake a cat makes where they don't do a "I meant to do that" reaction?
Seen this a few times, never noticed the fuck off huge cannabis leaves.
Watch these things while I go out to capture the red dot.
“Gonna nap now, see you in 3 days”
Take these little fuckers away from me
Well... She DID drop the kitten, maybe she thinks they are better off being handled by a trusted slave.
This cat looks so much like my cat who disappeared last year! Really miss her
And that’s when you know, you are the godmother.
I was like why does that leaf look familiar...ohhh.
Adorable?  You have obviously never had children.  That is an exhausted mother dropping the kids off at the sitter.
Nice carpet
Seen this so many times and never noticed the carpet
This is for furrys and i got 5 of them in my basement
do you a weed leaf carpet? Thats kinda sick ngl
Weed carpet 
bottom text
WEED BLANKET
:/ sad carpet
Why is there no sound
Mama going to a catnip party tonight
This reminds me of the time I woke up and my cat had given birth on my pillow
*Now I'm gonna go take a nice hot bath* 
*(Oh wait I can't stand water. I'll take a nap instead)*
Nice repost
Samuel L Jackson anyone?
The cutest thing i saw today on interenet
they have weed carpet
Probably needed a nap
I love how they drop it then step on it
Sure, when a cat does it it's adorable, but when I leave my babies with a cat I'm a "bad parent" and a "terrible person"
Cats don't see us as cats. Therefore we are safe with babies.
No better feeling than a momma who trusts you with her kittens.
Wouldn’t the cat eat the mice?
I have a cat I adopted as an adult that was already fixed, and I always wonder if she had kittens, if she would do this with me
Awww this is adorable... my cat Snickers would bring her babies too me just like this. She lived to be 18 and was the most trusting and loving pet I have ever met out of any pet I’ve met in my life... RIP snick snack 😭
The way she dropped the one
She's trying to trade you her kittens for more weed.
My cat did that to me but I was asleep at the time and I woke up to kittens on my neck. My mother had to help me out of my own bed (early teens) so I wouldn’t wake them. Best way to wake up ever. I can still hear the purring.
i think to be trusted is greater compliment than any other thing in the world
I like the first run when the cat dropped the baby like an old shoe.
Ngl I thought she was bribing a dead mouse to her human.
Smoke weed every day
Excuse me are those Marijuana leaves on that blanket??
Love the mat 😎😎
lol she almost dropped/stepped on her baby for a pet (?)

edit: kitten\*\* b4 some grammer "nazi corrects me
Thought it was a mouse.
That's a pretty cool rug, really ties the room together.
Definitely she needs a break
Me if I ever had kids: take these fucking things, please!
That cat is now my 3rd favorite cat. My good friend has my favorite and 4th favorite cat, and had my 2nd favorite
This is too cuteee
tHe LeVeL oF tRuSt!!!
Take my babies.
Who would say no to a free babysitter
"Listen, you must establish dominance to hoomans while you're young"
*This will make a fine addition to my collection*
Smol
I do this with my kids all the time.
"I cheated with a alley cat for the genepool, but i want you to raise my child"
There's a special place in heaven for animal lovers.
I really love that. Shows extreme trust, or the moms just tired;)
awww she loves her dad <3
You  are one great cat mommy, that is beautiful
Nice carpet
Yeah that level of trust is amazing 'till your cat decides to have her kittens ON you at two in the morning.
I gave you a job to look after them. And you let 1 go away. Take it back.
What type of cat is that?
I swear I heard a "plop" sound
I love how she drops that kitten and turns around like "oh shit, dropped my baby, better go pick her up again"
I used to share a bunk bed with my brother. Every time my cat had kittens she wanted them to be on my bed, and I would get very attached to the kittens and they would get attached to me. I don’t sleep in a bunk now and my cat’s kitten we decided to keep isn’t very well attached to me. Feels sad after being a babysitter for so long and getting used to keeping them safe and then suddenly one of them wants nothing to do with you.
Very adorable
I think they smoke weed.
what other pet can be as adorable as this
I love the carpet.
"These are yours now, bye!"

Awesome carpet, by the way.
Cat: Ok they’re all yours, i’m going on break
Oh noes I dropped my kid. Better TWIMST around real quick.
*drops kitten on the way to human*


"What? Oh, right. Here you go."


*picks up kitten and drops it off*


"He's your responsibility meow!"
Beautiful. What a fluffy meow meow
Kitties!
Willing to give their children for a treat or can food basically lol



Just joking but only kinda..
Wow it’s so difficult to earn that kind of trust from them
Nice rug
Nice
I like how she dropped the Bebe at the beginning. Lil *plop*
Awesome. That level of trust is outstanding.

Had a cat that decided the best place to give birth was my armpit. Not sure if that was trust or insanity.
Can we just appreciate the rug for a sec? Lol
What breed of cat is that? She's extra fluffy!
She's asking grandma to babysit so she can go out
I think the patterns on the rug tells the real story. The cat is selling her kittens for a little taste. What a world.
Nice weed rug.
The first part where she’s like ‘here’s my baby, bitch’ and dumps it on the floor is hilarious. What a clumsy cutie.
Looks like an Asian lady, why are all the videos of cats with a strong bond to their owners mostly Asian Women. Has anyone else notice that, or is it just me?
Is no one going to say anything about the rug?
Big Truss baby
Anyone else thought the cat was dropping off a live rat?
Cat: going out on  girls night out be back at 12, don't forget to feed them.
Nice carpet
That’s sooooo cute!
At first I was thinking what a chonker but then I soon realized it was her post partum! How precious!
Man...

my cat hides her kittens in the deepest dark damp corner she could find. How do you gain such trust from your cats I wanna learn.
And the head butt on your wrist! I'm almost dead from the cute! Her first litter? They're all so beautiful! Thank you for sharing this sweet family.
I really like that pot leaf blanket/rug, anyone know where it's from??
[This vid is just as adorable](https://shrinkme.io/DtWWuK)
Trust is a beautiful thing. What’s not beautiful however is not sterilizing your cat.
All about trust..
I’m interested and n the carpet
nice carpet
Please babysit so I can nap. 
- Cat (probably)
"I made this, you take, i go rest now."
Peak humanity
My cat used to do that all the time. "You take them...." (pushing them with a paw towards me). She would then bugger off and leave me like a daycare centre
I don't know if it is trust or "take these screaming things."
I though it dropped a rat
Hey look what i did!
stop letting your pets breed. fix them all
purest form of love <3
Love the carpet
n0
You think it's adorable.

Cat thinks free babysitter.
Pet the mama, yo!
Not gonna lie, I thought that was a dying mouse the cat killed at the beginning...
You are their mama now 🐈
Bide your time, kids, and know your prey well. One day we will eat this.
Aww momma.
Mom cat was already a mooch.  Now she has a whole family waiting to mooch off you!
I legit thought the cat handed a rat to the person,

like;

"here i trust you with my food"
Did anyone think she killed a rat for a sec?
Fucking hell, why are kitties so cute.
So fluffy
“My mother has the kids for tonight... let’s drink.”
"They're your problem now."
That carpet tho
Why can’t people spay and neuter??
Momma, look after my babies, I need a little break. Love you.
My cat would always try and put her kitties in my bed.
I thought it was going to end the other way
What species/kind of cat is that i have a  cat with the same patterns. Would be very helpful :)
Am I the only one that feels like this is less about trust, and more about "here you have these for a while, i need a break".
"here dis problem your hooman"
You've got a lovely rug
When i try to pick up my kittens my cat just picks them up and run away with them
Disgusting, a dog
Hair curlers?
Awwww here’s my kiddo please help me keep him safe. Adorable!
I initially thought the cat was bringing the girl a mouse
Bruh she dropped the baby and stepped on him HAHAHAHAH
Just kinda drops her kid idk
such a dero rug
Cat like, here fuck that lill shite. You do it.
Looks like mom - teacher moment after a long holiday or pandemic.
thats a hella lot of trust
Love your weed sheets😍
"Here you go, the others are already asleep. We'll be back by 11. There's $40 on the table, you can order a pizza for dinner."
I dont care how many times I see that I will never not giggle at the cat dropping the baby too early and not realizing it
"Here are my jellybeans. Watch these for me, I need to go pick up my lotto tickets."
Here you go. They’re your problem now.
Good mama.
First, pspspspsps.

And naw how cute :3
Nice
Dat weed blanket
Not gonna lie, I'm on my phone and that it was a rat at first
Love the curler !
I was lead to believe this was a mixture of trust and trying to keep the kittens warm
Can you babysit muh baybays? K thx love you Mom...
I like the marijuana blanket.  Kitten are pretty sweet too.
I love cats so much. When you they love you and be sweet with you that’s how you know you actually earned that trust. Awesome animals.
It's like mom going to grandma's
Nice rug.
Sweet babies and trusting mommy. :-)
I think she's picked her kitten nanny <3
Didn’t notice the cat until the second play because of the rug.
Ngl I thought that was a thicc dog
Nice bed sheet
Mom, can you babysit?
She really just like "mama needs a break. you babysit for a while."
Can we stop and appreciate the carpet pattern?
I love the weed carpet
Everyone is like "ooh trust..." I'm like "ooh nice weed blanket"
That blanket though.
Ready for a babysitter!!😃
Weed carpet, for the stoner that has everything.
Cat is actually just looking for free catsitting
I love anyone who still uses curlers
I thought the kittens were baby rats for a hot minute. That changes the meaning quite a bit
How precious 🥺😭.
The fact she is trusting those rats not to poop on her is amazing
Amazing. Your a good parent clearly!
Lol the cat drops the newborn then almost steps on it. Classic
“Oops I dropped it”
The mama cat is an Absolute Unit. I love her
aawwww... kitty
Awww, they're such tiny kittens!
Omg give that poor mama some pets
Just precious
look at the kitties!
I mean she did kinda, “here this is the furthest I can take this thing.... aright I’ll pick it up and bring it ALL the way.”

Cats are fuckin dope
The level of trust is so good bc they dont pull [funny](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/690588135163166790/726911526849740900/image0-16.png) pranks on em
Sorry to be the one to say this after watching this so sweet gif, I mean it. Please, to quote the late, great Bob Barker, "Please, spay and neuter your pets."
The pot leaf rug certainly isn’t trashy at all! Nope not one bit
What level of trust? Most home owned cats are trapped in a house for the rest of their lives. Of course you're the only person the cat ever knows
