This is super cute but I can’t stop laughing at how dramatic Stitch’s fall is
Even more adorable given she’s got Lilo’s dress too!
I think the people who work for Disney in these suits deserve to get more credit. I could never stay in that all day without wanting to pass out from heat or  claustrophobia from being in it for most of the day
that's some quick thinking to stop the girl from crying, stitched up the situation in seconds
It's also kinda adorable how she has no reason to fall other than her being so young that her legs can't keep up yet, haha.
Several years ago my children (4, aged 14 to 7 at the time) were doing a family holiday at Disney, and we did the ‘Princess breakfast’ for my two daughters. While all princesses did an excellent job, my daughters were careening their necks to see when Ariel would come around. 

Naturally, Ariel noticed this and payed extra attention to my daughters favorite. (All kids were swim team.). She teased the boys, calling them pirates, wrote quick notes in autograph books for daughters, etc. 

Later that day we go to Ariels grotto and who do we see?  The SAME actress. My wife and I were dumbfounded, but the kids expected to see THAT Ariel. She quipped on the same line of teasing and took awesome pictures (again!). 

Was a ‘magic’ experience. The actress was awesome.
I just hope they are paid enough. Like they have to keep the character, deal with kids, work in damn 30 degrees celsius heat and not crack.  
I hope they are paid enough but i feel like they are getting minimal wage, barebones. :/
That's how you do your job. I'd love a job like that, but I'm not good in the heat.
That thing should theoretically scare the shit out of every kid it meets
Give that Stitch a raise!
Them Disney folks really do go all out. Love them. Pleasing.
I was a former Disney character. That’s a training location. That was that Stitch’s first day/week most likely. And I promise they got in trouble for going to the ground if this video was taken in the last 7 years lol. Def not allowed to do that.
Aww I love Stitch. I’m older but I saw him at Disney with my stitch hat and shirt and stuff, and he was so adorable. My phone background is still a photo of me hugging stitch. And he signed my hat love stitch. Great times
Where did he conjure up the flower from?
Her dress saved her knees from some stitches.
Disney cast members are seriously next level when dealing with kids. We were at Magic Kingdom and my daughter fell out of a chair. Our waitress was so incredibly fast at getting her new food and cheering her up. She totally saved our lunch.

I tipped well, got her name, and contacted guest services to let them know how much we appreciated her for going so far beyond what she had to do.
Good job Stitch. 

It’s really easy to manipulate kids into not crying when they fall, or get hurt with a toy, or whatever, you just have to make them laugh, pretend what just happened didn’t happen, and move on quickly. 

Worst thing you can say is, “Oh honey are you ok??!!” Gives them a reason to act hysterical.
We need more people like Stitch in the World. I have Huntington's Disease and I fall a lot. The last time it happened a bunch of teenagers OF COURSE had to witness my humiliation and one of them yelled "Jeez, man - walk much?!" Wouldn't it be nice if the World pretend-fell with us when WE fall? LoL.
Stitch is so awesome. On our honeymoon, my wife and I got off Space Mountain. Back in those days, the arcade was still there and Stitch was doing photos. 
My wife at that point was still kind of shy. I made her get in line with me to get a photo. Stitch saw our wedding rings and freaked out. He got his handlers to play a game with us. 
He went looking for a 3-player game, but they were all full. 
My wife, wonderful as she is, said she was good and let us play together. I said, “I like Mario Kart.”

They opened the game up for us and added some credits. I picked Mario and he picked Bowser. I beat him....barely. 

She said she’d never let me live down getting beat at my own game by someone who could probably barely even see. 

Yeah. Mario Kart with Stitch. It was a great day.
Looks like she got some..... stitches. No? Nobody? Okay.
It seems like wearing that suit and interacting with children really gives you a unique perspective in how to engage at their level.

You can watch her shift her concern from her fall, to Stitch's fall, and then comparing injuries.
I like her hand gestures after the hug. She’s explaining something.
Great save Stitch! Awesome! I think you’ve done this before.
My wife is "good friends" with Pluto.  It is amazing how dedicated character actors are at Disney.  Everytime she works (seasonal for years but works enough to stay employed) she comes back with a story about how much joy she brought to a certain child or family.  It is hard some years to get in all of her hours but I don't see her ever giving it up because it means so much to her.  Plus the free tickets and discounts are nice.  Going to Disney would probably not  be doable without them.
Such an instant human bro moment. Having her switch her brain to feeling concerned for him then happy he was the same as her and vice/versa. So heartwarming 😊
This is adorable but when I went, they had that look of 

I'm filing my nails and don't give a damn!

Of course like any idiot Brit I paid to go again two years later🤦
Visited Disney and realized the actors are very good at mitigating disaster.I saw several kids take a tumble too excited and running to quickly. Whenever a character witnessed it, they turned it into a completely unrelated experience and positivity.iirc Cinderella lost a shoe and also tripped. Gaston started doing push ups with a kid. Jack Sparrow was very tired and also decided to lay down. Even non-character staff were ready to change the kids immediate perception into positivity. One guy enthusiastically praising a kid for being the first to fall in that spot that day.
My cinnamon toast crunch cereal with churros taste better at 8 AM when I watch Stitch being wholesome af
Socially accepted fursuit
Jeez, I'm 35 years old and single with no kids but I'll be damned if that little clip didnt make me tear up a bit. Between a lot of my friends having little sons and daughters this age and this clip it just hits me right in a very soft spot kinda like when my best friends daughter this age ran up to me to show me toys and recite ABCs
The actors that go around the park at Disney are legit talented. I was in line at the twilight tower drop zone and this creepy dude running the elevators that started the ride was so perfectly in character. He straight up did the creep walk when he moved around, and just before sending guests on the ride he would quickly yell "oh wait wrong elevator!" Or "oh no I hit the wrong button!" And the passengers would go flying off screaming thinking they were about to die lol. The actors actually make the experience so much better. I'm sure those people would have gotten scared regardless on the ride but this dude went out of his way to play a character and boost the experience of the ride.
Fun fact: there is a class system to these peeps, the Faces vs the furs. The faces are treated like royalty and the furs are kinda belittled. I worked at Disney World in 2015.
So now I want to go to Disney World someday cuz I never have and I feel like that's bad I feel like I'm missing something😐
Little girl: *slits throat*

Stitch: *watches on in fear*
This is the one child-watching skill I have (in those rare occasions when I'm in the position to have to watch somebody's kid).   If they fall down, don't act scared - either laugh or fall down yourself.   Risk of tantrum decreases significantly.
Wow, that person playing Stitch is great. The best thing to do when a child has a small fall or hurt is to distract them.  So many adults make a huge deal every time a child has a small hurt.
This is so cute. She was so excited that her feet wasn’t able to keep up with her excitement.
Bro, being an employee there just seems really fun in the fact that you get to entertain countless people. It must feel very satisfying to say the least.
Me : bruh how can this girl be happy to see Stitch? He s scary af bruh
Also me when there was Stitch on TV : *casually sits in front of the TV and watch all the daily episodes*
This person loves their job. Give them a promotion, Disney, you cowards!
What a beautiful and heartwarming video❣

The person inside the costume is a real human human.
Yet when I dress up as a Disney character and run around hugging children I'm 'no longer welcome at this play school' and 'a potential danger to minors'.
thats what heros do
Looks like the girl has a dress matching Lilos. At the very least color and pattern!
This stitch costume is kind of terrifying
This is so bittersweet. 

Wonderfully happy and wholesome for the little girl.   
But when you know how Disney treats these wonderful people, i just wanna cry.
Honestly, the Disney performers are so fantastic. Even a 27 year old I was excited seeing them
Child in that heat i may have actually collapsed from overheating in that Stitch costume lol.
This is now one of my fave videos,  ever!  What a great person in that Stitch suit.  I loved that movie & TV show.  That person did Disney and the character of Stitch proud !!  Heartwarming.
When your personality and job are a great match.   Love it.   Any job you do well is dignified
This is so wholesome 🥺✨
That’s incredible ❤️
Looks like he was running away from the park
These Disney people are next level.
[deleted]
She took that like a champ, what the heck
This is adorable.   She falls, he falls, they all fall down...
This is the only form of adult strangers fondling little kids that we are ok with and encourage.
Imagine the child's horror if Stitch's head would've come off during the fall. Would've gone from aww to aww, hell naw.
“This is my family. I found it, all on my own. It’s little, and broken, but still good. Yeah. Still good.”
TINY HUMANS ON R/AWW OH NOOO
I guess we give ancient reposts gold now.
This is really cute. Close the parks tho
Someone give this man a raise!
tons of disney posts today
It's cute...then you realize Disney is open during the pandemic and it kinda loses its "magic"
I’ve seen this video about ten times but it makes me happy every time. This Stitch deserves a reward
Disney is indeed a magical place, everybody is super happy all the time, if i could i would live there

&#x200B;

if you can, visit Disney, take your family, 0 regrets
So cute.

Disneyworld still deserves to be shut down.
Hopefully the meet and greats at the Disney Parks will be back to normal at some point soon.
Fuck you
Stitch has been my families favorite since the movie first came out, my baby girl is 19 now and we still get together and watch the movies.
her fall wasn’t too bad but she needed stitch-es anyway
Just like in the last vid where he dies but comes alive again
That’s too cute.
That character reminds me of Black Mirror
Omg that is so perfect.
I’m not gon lie when she fell I laughed a bit
Yep. Happens every week.
If I had a penny for everytime this gets reposted, I would be a billionaire.
Isn't she on instragram? Like an account run by her mother?
give this guy a raise he deserves it
M
So working at Disney is free range to do whatever you want as long as your a character? I wanna be pirates of the Caribbean.
Nice
Wholesome
I wonder if they get an addiction in how to act or if it’s just “here you go”?
Ohana means we all fall down at the same time!
Holy shit if that is how big stitch is, how big was the little girl.
I've been backstage at DW just before a parade and at the time, most of the people in character suits were college students. This was a while ago and I'm not sure it's the same now. 

But it was also July 4th weekend in Florida and it was hot. Like, **HOT.**
Then they both died from COVID.
Genius move by that actor
I really needed this... thanks
Stitch actors at the Disney parks are the best actors, change my mind.
Honestly though, Disney parks are really just amazing places. This level of dedication goes into every detail
The irony!
Thank you, Stitch!
A happy moments in time to cherish
Whatever they’re paid, it’s not enough
Damn that cartoon was legendary
That's her flower.
Hey thanks for that, it made me smile and giggle. I live in Portland and there isn't alot to smile about right now.
Because that's what real heroes do
Stitch looks a little scary to me
She slammed her face pretty hard into the pavement, idk if I would be trying to cheer her up or send her in for a CT scan
So cute 😍
People don’t realize that these characters ALL have degrees in dance. They’re not just guys in suits, and their jobs at Disney are highly sought after.
Girl: you making fun of me? you think I cant walk so you making fun of me?
Happened to my brother maybe 12 years ago when he was 4! His fav was Winnie, and my brother just deadass layed on the ground and Winnie came with him! The photos are so cute!
Disney is such a magical place 💜
awesome improv!
Every one liked that
We went to Pasadena/L.A. to march in the Rose Parade when I was in high school and part of that trip involved a day at Disneyland that ended with us marching in the closing show so we ended up getting to go behind the scenes for about an hour and I distinctly remember seeing a performer putting on a kind of "swamp-cooler" backpack *and* a camelbak before zipping up but this was in nineteen ninety eight *(New Years Eve... true story)* so things definitely may have changed since then or it could have just been his personal setup.
Oh my! Be still my heart ♥️
my co workers and friends still do this for me
Oh my heart.
Very cute! When we were little, my brother and I were on a 4 day Disney cruise, and they had characters walking around at certain times, it was fun! Anyway, somehow my brother and stitch ended up in one of the glass elevators at the same time, and I guess he noticed my brother was upset, because he started tickling him and it cheered him way up! These people don’t get enough recognition for all they do.
I would roll play stitch everyday for the rest of my life if I could. What a baller job.
I'm glad the disney bots are still going strong.
Thank you This Is the first time i have truly smiled in a very long time
Now that is someone who enjoys their job
Tu kebo waba
Wow! Well done Stitch! Mini disaster averted with quick & empathetic thinking!
Is this in maskless plague rat infested Florida's disney land?
Cousin Greg?
omg her Lilo dress is darling!
That's awesome and adorable, btw I love stitch
This person is not paid enough money
Ohana means family
I went to Disney when i was like 7 i saw stitch and then lost him. I asked the staff where he went and he had to go to the bathroom. That was the day i learned stitch used the bathroom.
Mad fucking respect to these guys. They at Disney land doing the lords work.
That was a *full on sprint of excitement* and he wasn't about to let her lose the joy. Kudos to that person lol
Stitch is alot bigger than I remember.
That was beautiful
amazes me how kids can take a hard fall like that and just get up like its nothing. I would have a few broken bones.
That first second and a half of footage would make a good worsteveryloop
This little girl will grow up to be a strong brave woman. She already knows how to pick up herself at a young age without even crying too. Her parents guided her well.
Stitch always falls for the 8 yo girls
That actor deserves a bonus for this one. They must really learn how kids and parents truly work when in public on this job and some must get really good at code switching, even in costume, between various types- the autistic kid, the kid who's too smart for their own good, the kid who's so excited she runs and trips. I'm not a big Disney Land person. I know a lot of working class folks who shell out $$$$ for season passes, but I was as into this stuff as anyways as a little kid, so I get the appeal at that level and dang if I had a little girl I'd pay the five kajillion dollars for a day pass for her.
Stitch is the best Disney princess don't @ me!
Say what you want about Disney being an evil mega corp. The movies and stories their studios have told and just beautiful and heartwarming, and theyve captured that so well in their theme parks.
Everybody liked that
Do kids even know who Stich is?
Bitches get Stitches
[removed]
Almost nothing makes me happier than seeing the joy on childrens faces when they see a Disney character in person.

And every time I see a kid tumble and land on their faces right before, something dies inside of me.

Respect to that person for handling this situation in such a sweet way
So cute!
The girl was probably bout to cry after falling, but then her emotion got distracted by Stitch falling as well.            
Girl: fell*.     
Girl: imma cry *
Stitch: oh no heart attack, fall *        
Girl: huh? Are you ok Stitch ?
So amazing
I’ve watched this 10x! It makes me smile.
r/aliensbeingbros
That’s gonna be *quite* a dry cleaning bill.
Giant, man-sized imposter Stitch.
Why do small children turn when getting a hug? My 2yr old does this too.
What a great person to play that role, such a quick, perfect response!
so sweet
I remember going to Disney world and the stitch there wouldnt let go of my sister and would his at my parents when they even came close lmao
I love this so much
this is cute
Aww what a good sport! ☺️
Remember there's a random dude in there, just kinda flopping around
Little girl is like “FUCK MY KNEE HURTS”
the whole "Stitch is a top disney character" amazes me.    Especially since its been 15+ years since the movie.   I get the cute animals of Winnie the Pooh, the Mickey universe and the Princesses of course...  but stitch.. eh, i am not a 3yr old is probably the biggest factor
Andy’s coming
Aww! That's so sweet!!
Oh my goodness. Love this❤️❤️.
Aww so cute.
So damn wholesome.
Stitch was our FAVORITE when we visited Disney world! Whoever was in there made my girls week! He was the first one we met and everyone else was compared to Stitch the rest of the trip!
Wait a minute...this guys a phoney! HEY EVERYONE THIS GUYS A PHONEY!
That is a dedicated caricature attest. Glad it brought that girl joy!
I think the funniest part is they’re not even at Disneyland!
Cute
Give this alien a raise!
Pretty sure the person behind that costume is a hard worker with genuine care for kids (hopefully), but that’s the creepiest Stitch ever
I've been watching the first 2 seconds for 15min now and can't figure out how she fell.

I can't notice any loss in balance or trip moment. It's like the brain said, too fast, must slow down instantly! Leg freeze and down you go.
I mean, I usually dislike other people’s kids on this sub and honestly don’t find them at all cute. Although something about this just melted my heart!!
I went to Disney World about 5 years ago and took a picture with Stitch. He grabbed my ass.
Pro level right there.
This is Magic means.
Thanks.
Hero
i love the way that stitch still gets paid only  $12/hour during the pandemic while the headquarters make billions in a minute
“Wow Stitch, you always have to make it about yourself, don’t you?”
Do the people at Disney have any kind of air conditioning system in those suits? I dont see how any of them could wear one for longer than 5 minutes in this horrible heat. Especially down in Florida.
Awww! So adorable! 😍
That is so sweet. Kudos to the person in the suit
Giant stitch is scarier than any Disney villain
Stitch rocks.
Stitch was always my favorite...
honestly i hope they do discriminate against cis men for these types of jobs :( makes me nervous

edit : source : i am currently reading Lolita lol
🥺🥺🥺 awe
No that's not stitch that's a licensed furry
Kids are the best at falling and just getting back up and pretending like nothing happened
This video always makes me smile no matter how many times I've seen it. So heartwarming.
Whoever the Stitch is, He/She is so smart to draw the little girl's attention.
That was genius!
Brilliant!
Apparently all costumed actors at Disney go through a TON of training on how to keep kids happy without breaking character.
It doesn't matter how many times I've seen this (even on Reddit), it's still cute as heck.
That's the perfect way to stop a child mid cry-startup
Giving comfort and delight makes happiness
Good thinking!!
Then, little girl poops her diaper...
It is probably melting in that suit
Enough to make a grown man cry
If I were her age I would have been scared shitless of that stitch. Even though I loved the movie
what makes me sad is that the person in the Stitch suit probably got some sort of punishment for doing so if they're working for Disney, I know they've got some strict rules
Already learning the side hug
Aces improv!
The Stitch actors always go above and beyond, remember the one who did a split?
Don't be so surprised. It's in the manual.
Why in God's name do people think it's okay to open a Disney Park?
:'0!! That's so c u t e <3
Don’t see this dude complaining about having to wear a mask to work.
[u/gifreversingbot](https://www.reddit.com/u/gifreversingbot)
Stitch looking a tad bit taller than i remember
What if that flower is a bomb and stich is an isis terrorist?
Precious
Thousands of people are going to die because of this
u/redditdownloader
The guy in the costume is a legend
Why did this make me cry?
aw man <3 made my day c:
I’m crying a little bit... this is so sweet...
Old but still cute
So cute! She’ll remember this moment for the rest of her life!
This is good for my soul. I'm saving that one!
Watching this, I can't help but flinch.
      
My daughter (of approximately the same age at the time) did the exact same run/fall the moment we got to Disney World and unfortunately she chipped a front-tooth in the process.
That’s almost as good as [this](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ) .
Plot twist: The person in the costume has been day drinking.
That’s a mom in that costume. Who else but a mom would go out of her way with the theatrics of that fall and roll and stay on her knees, eye level, with that little pumpkin.
Now he has to pay $300 to Disney for damage
Roses are red.

Violets are blue.

I never new Stitch could child moleste you.
Karens call him a pedophile 🥱😐
Could be a pedo
Pretty cool until they find out that they're not hired and came in a van with blacked out windows
Are we just going to pretend that face isn’t the thing of nightmares
Then she finds out he's a pedo
Do kids still know who Stitch is? There hasn’t been a new Lilo & Stitch movie in years
Looks like the cameratwat fell over a few times too
There is like Zero reaction from the parent as the child falls not even a flinch on the phone.
Where the pedos work
This movie was god awful.
