The love in the dogs face is amazing and gives me a great feeling ♡ so cute!
Hopefully i get to meet someone that will look at me like that dog looks at him.
The most wholesome thing I have seen in a long while
That's Tom Bombadil and no one can change my mind.
He's like a less disgruntled Red Green.
Do you know the original poster? Would love to paint this and send this to him. It’s so adorable.
I love these photos, but this is the 24th time this has been posted over the past 4 years.

Also: Not sure how a daughter got added to the mythology.
/r/DogsMirin
Collies are big loveable derps
How much does this dog LOVE this guy!!??
I bet he keeps his stick on the ice.
If she don't find ya handsome, she should at least find ya handy
That's cool but I hope he finds out a way to take one without the old man shoving his way in at the last second.
Dude looks like Red Green
Is that Red Green?
Nice repost OP.
Well, Collies are the smartest dog breed so it's no surprise they learned how to take a selfie.....
I want to see more of these 2.
He looks like he came straight out of Red Dead Redemption 2
Awwwww! The perfect feel good vibe to take me into the weekend! 

Just love how happy this picture is. Thanks for sharing this!
This is the cutest thing I've seen all day
The dog, the man's smile, the fact his daughter taught him how to take selfies. This warm my earth so much, I needed it, thanks.
Dude looks like Hemingway
If you can find someone who looks at you like that dog does, marry them.
Find you somebody that looks at you like that doggo looks at him
How does he press the shutter button without thumbs?
A job well done
Aw
This is the absolute best!
Adorable
Is he kind? He looks kind - smile and eyes. 

The adoring way the dog looks at him on the right picture.
r/dogsmirin
The *best* kind of selfies
Looks like the one dude on Mountain Men
I would say these are objectively perfect selfies! Tinder up bro!
Like a wizard, he looks.
That’s so adorable. Can’t imagine my Dad taking selfies...he’s never owned a mobile phone.
I wish I had a dog like that
I miss my dog
That is what true love looks like, folks.
I want this adorable man to be my geology professor.
[deleted]
Sleep deprived brain thought the daughter was the dog.  Just thought someone might get a laugh out of that.
I've seen this a million times and i still feel like crying
I miss my dog.
cute dog and awesome photo :)
She has done a great service to this world.
That's awesome man cool 👍👍😎
Looks like the dog knows about selfies more than he does!
Feel like I've seen this posted multiple times and quite a while ago. Ehh, doesn't matter. GIB KARMA!
Haha awe, I love this!
He takes better pictures than any girl I’ve ever seen for a first timer
That title...🤢
Best selfies I’ve ever seen. Love them!
Wait a minute, how did that doggy show his PA how to take selfies. Future!!
Dog is g.o.a.t.!
Awwww another repost 🥰
That is such an adorable picture OMG! I just love it! Very smart little guy! And I think you should post it at least a few times a year primarily Christmas as much as possible! Way too cute!❤️
Great risk but great reward
Look at that!!   Not one but TWO very handsome, very good boys ❤🐾
Love it 🤗
Love it!! How in the world does the dog know how to pose?
OMFG they are just about the sweetest things I have seen in forever! He looks quite a lot like my Gramps just several years younger. Would totally love to teach him how to take some bomb selfies with his two doggos too if he didn’t already hate using his phone. Love the photos! <3
If the ladies don't find you handsome; they might find you handy.
I just hope that guy is serious
He looks like uncle iroh
BFFs
The old man or the dog?
This is what true love  looks like. I just want to hug them both.
That pup clearly adores him!
What a smart dog!
I wish he was my dad. I feel like I would’ve been a better person
Did she teach the dog to pose for selfies

Or did she teach her dad?
So. Damn. Sweet. My teeth hurt now.
I wish my dog would do this in pictures :p  I sometimes think he's a cat in the way he acts though heh...
I have the same type of dog as in the picture. Picked him up from an amish family. He looks like that all the time.
If the women don’t find you handsome, they should at least find you handy.
My heart, all the feels. 💚
A man and his best friend ❤️
I love when I'm scrolling through Reddit, see something adorable like this and say "aww" then realize that's the subreddit it's on!
The love of a dog is unconditional. To gain the trust and love of such wonderful beings can be one of life's most special and fulfilling rewards. For those of us lucky enough to have experienced this unconditional love, I can tell you it is AMAZING! As we can all readily see this man and his dog have formed this bond and it shows on both of their faces. I wish them many many years of companionship together.💕
Donal Logue?
If I have a dog like this good boy who likes to take selfie, I’ll probably take a ton each day.
At first I thought this headline was about the dogs daughter. Oof, very photogenic dog.
Holy cow, I remember seeing this being posted at least over 5 years ago! Always cute none the less :)
I love how his daughter taught him to take selfies! Who’s the man with him in the pictures?
Aw he's really cute. How did his daughter learn to take selfies though? And who's that human with him?
That dog’s daughter must be a real tech kind of dog.
Dad: doesn’t want a dog

Dad and the dog:
fricken cute. Figured I'd do a little sketch!  [https://www.reddit.com/r/DigitalArt/comments/hyxa8u/a\_quick\_warm\_up\_of\_uthetoxiclogics\_pic/](https://www.reddit.com/r/DigitalArt/comments/hyxa8u/a_quick_warm_up_of_uthetoxiclogics_pic/)
I needed this wholesomeness
Didn't even bother changing the title this year eh?
This dog has been dead for a decade. That’s how old this post is.
This guy looks like red green
The doggo. Swoon......thud.
So nice that he let his hooman in the picture too!
That's awesome!💚
This made me smile!!! They’re so cute 😂🥰
you forgot to mention that his daughter is a dog
Amazing! Younger generation spends A LOT of time trying to get the perfect selfie and Grizzly Adams just schooled them without even really trying.
Precious ♥️
How does someone get taught to take a selfie...
Wholesome.
Who's daughter? The dog or the guy, because 1 of these choices is much more impressive than the other.
His daughter looks cute
Precious ❤️😂
If you know the guy tell him from the internet that he takes great selfies!
Better than any selfie I have ever taken and I have been using an iPhone for years
I want my wife to look at me the way this guy's dog looks at him. With her mouth open and a loving gaze.
Cute
Guy’s a pro
This is the kind of old man I aspire to be.
If Ellie taught Joel to take selfies :(
That pupper is awesome. Also I’m sure the dude is pretty cool as well
That dog is so in love
Better than my 100000 selfies combined..
His daughter surely is beautiful
I'd love if my dad sent selfies like this <3
This isn't even the quality repost lol. Remember when farm accounts actually cared about the quality of stuff they reposted in the exact same subs they got their content from? Pepperidge farms remembers
Yes, I absolutely love reposts.
Did she train the dog too?
Magic
He's a quick learner isn't he?
Filter game on point too!
He wins
Keep your stick on the ice.
The look of love on that dogs face, precious!
Grizzly Adams!
Isn’t that the only purpose of a selfie?
The upvotes are from creative ppl
This is just what my brain needed today!
Wait, why is he better at selfies than I am? Hahaha. So cute.
She taught him well.
Spectacular
That's great, but you need to be taught how to do selfies?
But who taught the dog's daughter how to take selfies?
Selfies have been around before smart phones..
Nice
The only acceptable selfie is that of you WITH your dog!
These are my favorites selfies I have ever seen.
Most of us will never be showered with that much love.
Adorable.
I always wondered what dogs would take selfies with.
This is like reverse click-bait. I like.
Next week can it be my turn to post Uncle Jesse and his border collie?  Yeeeeeeeeeeeee Haw!
That dog is living happiness
Wow, that dog takes better selfies than I do and he just learned?
Oh shit Freddy Krueger
Best selfies ever
The absolute look of love on that dogs face speaks so much of the owner, he must be a very good man
Aww how lovely!
Hearth go :3
Best friends for life
Well if they don't find you handsome, they'll at least find you handy.
What a good boy!!
I’m melting
One week later: selfie from hacked military satellite
thats cute :]
Dad: "Instructions unclear, dog stuck on face."
That dog is awesome
Look at you grizzly Adams all technologically-advanced
I love all of this!
Love it.  I bet they both give great hugs.
It's a bit weird reposting someone elses dad right?
How did she do it?
“Taught him” 

Ok
Dog gone fantastic...
God I love this picture! It has such pure love and joy. If it weren’t weird I’d make it my wallpaper...
Really beautiful
I love everything about these photos
his daughter is beautiful!
Who could not love a dog. God sakes, that is classic.
"I keep takin pictures but it only shows whats in front of me...somebody help".
Must have been hard to teach a dog how to take selfies :)))
goals
Amazing pic!!! Who is more happier? The man or the dog? Hard to tell....
He and his furry friend have MASTERED the selfie!

Good job sir.
Because what else would he do? I think it looks great!
Real life call of the wild, just me?
Does anyone else see Uncle from RDR2?
Border collies are the best companions.
Genuine question: how do you exactly train a dog to do that? 
Cute pictures!
So fucking Aussie
Aww this reminds me of my little cousin, who is almost 10, taught my grandpa abbreviations for texting when he got his first smart phone. He passed away recently and I love going through our old texts every once in awhile. :,)
Is that, is that Santa?!
Awww so cute!
Happy together. No social distancing necessary...
Wow, he even has a trademark pose.
Uncle, ain’t you supposed to be workin?
Taught to take a selfie, huh. As if taking a picture yourself is some newfangled technology and not something humans have done for 100+ years.
I've seen this picture before, I'm sure it had a different caption?
This brings me back. I remember the first time it was posted and the story behind it.
LOVE this pic!! Should be in subreddit Made Me Smile!
Ohmygod my heart exploded
Ftw
Man this is really refreshing after flipping over to the news tab
I love this so much. How sweet
Wish my ex loved me the way that dog loves him
She taught him or the dog? this is adorable regardless
I can’t, this. This is so pure 🥺🥺
But who taught the dog?
He loves that shirt too
r/miring needs to be a thing.
Can anyone please tell me where to get this hat. I am 100% serious and I'm starting to think they dont make good hats anymore
Awesome!!
Red?
I wish I were his daughter so this could be my phones background!
I don't care how many times this gets reposted on a number of subreddits, it just makes me so happy everytime I see it.
This is so pure🥰
His daughter wishes her selfie game was as fire as his!
Awww that's lovely
lets goo
L👀ks like the feeling is mutual
❤
My heart
Keep your stick on the ice. We’re all in this together.
William Montgomery's getting old.
These two cuties!
I love how the dog is so affectionate and is also still posing for the camera.
Hillbilly Uncle Iroh
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Look at that bordercollie. It's beautiful. 💞
This is a whole new level of cuteness
SO PURE 😍❤️
Man dogs are just the best.
A man's best friend!
Aww 💟💞 so cute 😃
That dog looks happier than I've ever been in my life lmao.
I do not believe this.  How the hell do you teach a dog to take a selfie?
Adorable🙂
Mans best friend ❤️
Hes very good at it, apart from the cute doggie and all. 

How did he make the dog looks like that though?
Best damn selfies of all time!!!
good guy!! that dog loves him for a reason! reason being  good ole guy
Aww, beautiful! ❤️
Sweetest photo ever
He nailed it
Oh my heart! This pup is in love with this man!! 🥰
He’s a natural
When your dad out internets you
Taught the dad or the dog?
Mirin
This is just to cute for words!!! 💞
I guess you can teach an old dog new tricks.
I would like to thank his daughter for her public service.
Yaaaasss
**And the world is better for it.**
Omg this is amazing! The internet requires more
OP do you live in QLD by chance?
Thats a tall dog
This reminds me of the man and Buck in Call Of The Wild
 Wonderful.
Australian sheep dog?
r/dogsmirin !!!
INEEDADOG
Is it okay if I want a framed picture of these pictures in my house?
These are so great!
She must be a great teacher lol
so cute!!!!!!!!!!!!
awe awe awe!!!!
His daughter taught him? He looks like he's about 40 or 45. Couldn't he have figured it out himself?
Border Collies are the BEST
Red Green? Is that you?
His daughter looks kinda like a dog
I wish this man would send me selfies everyday
That dog loves his papa
wow, that dog have a so cute face
Happiness personified times 2.
My question is who is posting this then? How do you know this man? Does he know you're posting his face on Reddit?
Best selfies ever.
Mans best friend
I love this!
Is there a better reason for a selfie than with a goodest doggo?  I don't think so.
That doggo is sooooo cute!!!
Does anyone know what kind of hat this is and a good place to buy one? Thanks!
This man has mastered the internet.
r/dogsmirin
Beautiful
That is the cutest thing I have seen all day!
🥰
So cute. What kind of dog is that? Springer spaniel? Brittany? Some kind of herding dog? I need to know.
I’d like to thank his daughter
Those pictures are soooooo adorable 💗💗💗
Awesome!
CUTE
This is so beautiful! ❤
Who did he fuck to get a dog daughter?
Precious...
Aww they are sweet together
Donal Logue?
My heart!!
I'm surprised the dog can operate a phone like that.
Beautiful! I needed that. 💕
There is a strong Red Green vibe going on here.
Beautiful <3
i love this
These are very serious Disney character and animal sidekick vibes, absolutely adorable!
This one must really nail some formula.  This has been around for a decade or more, right?
Is that Red Green!?!? He hasn't shared a day.
Eddie Marsan on the left, Paul Kaye on the right.
Fucking amazing result👍
Pure wholesome energy
So adorable
Man's best friend indeed.
Love the waggy tongue 😂
Thoros of Myr
Bless this mans daughter for sharing this amazing man and beautiful doggo with us
Wait, that’s a talented dog to take a selfie like that!
That’s pretty awesome. That looks like a long haired version of one of my doggies lol.
Lol Nailed it!!!!
looks like he's out fishing on a boat with the dog which is the ultimate goal
I would like a daily feed please.
This guy reminds me of Red Green.
Remember, we’re all in this together and I’m pulling for you.
Keep your stick on the ice.
Quando Omni Flunkis Moritati

Bow your heads for the man’s prayer:
I’m a man, but I can change, if I have to, I guess.
Dog šjelfi
What a loveable DERP!  Dog is cute too.
Every one likes that
Teaching how to take a selfie: yes this button firmly down, yes.
Love it!
Off to find Mr. Pocket!
This made my day!! Thank you!!   ♡  ♡  ♡
What kind of dog is that?
That's the best!
❤️❤️
whose daughter
He represents America. Normal family man just minding his business and loving family. True patriot!
That is wholesome as fuck. That dog is so fucking cute
This is so wholesome and precious.
Looks like a red dead character
Just curious, but are there any pictures of the daughter?
Might be the most wholesome pic EVER!!
Ouch my heart, this is too wholesome and heartwarming
THIS IS SO GODDAMN WHOLESOME.
These pictures are just radiating warmth and joy. What delightfully wholesome selfies these are. Thanks for sharing!
That's just Red Green right?
Is he disabled or something? Seems like this guy could recognize a reverse camera button with no problem.  He probably played Adventure on 2600 and showed his kid how to use a mouse.
Should impressed that a 55 year old man can take a selfie?
