Getting flashbacks to the early internet: bonsai kittens
Of course as an adult he will be trying this and somehow make it work.
Catfish!!
/r/TightPussy (SFW) cats in tight places.
Seems like criminal activity here r/illegallysmolcats
As a person with intense claustrophobia: "This is fine."
Be careful, I’ve heard of kittens becoming stuck in these states of cute for years
That little butt wiggle just before he launches out!
We're just two lost souls swimming in a fish bowl
That fishbowl really hampers his ability to wiggle his butt before pouncing on the ball.
This is too precious!! Also, fellow moose!!
Bonsai Kitten!
He just wants to be a hermit cat.
[deleted]
Too cute! Kitty is going to be SO disappointed when it get too big for the fish bowl!
He's gonna need an upgrade bowl once he gets bigger. Like a hermit crab.
What kind of camera did you use for this?
"To catch the fish, I must become the fish"
r/catsareliquid
This kind of thing is why I love cats, they are all little floofy weirdos.
[Steffon voice] This video has everything. Cat in a confined space, teefies, wide eyes, tail chasing, curled paws, ear twitch, butt wiggle.
Kitteh's make the most adorable turtles ever!
Snail cat in its shell
Bonsai Kitty, the early states.
Just wait till it discovers cardboard boxes... Cut a hatch in it and your kitty will play for hours.
Cats, and especially kittens, are weird little aliens and you can’t convince me otherwise.
God I love how weird cats are. At first I was worried that he was stuck and then I realized “bastard is in complete control.”
I know there is a fish in here somewhere..
It *was* a fishbowl
If he fits he sits!
Wait till the kitten is now a cat and tries to get in or worse, tries to get back out of the same fishbowl😂🤣😂
All that time they weren't after the fish, they were after the bowl!
"My position is sound"
"Activate butt wiggles"
"Attack in 3, 2, 1"
Hermit Cat!
r/TIGHTPUSSY
Please mods of reddit, I’d like to see more of this on my reddit feed rather than all that politics and bad news from around the world
Being stuck in that kind of space where my body takes that much room is my biggest fear
Butt wiggggglleeeee
He'll be so sad when he's too big to fit. You better plan on upgrading the size.
SCP-3135: Hermit Cat

This SCP is to be kept in a 6m x 6m containment unit at all times, and monitored as necessary. Any personnel sent into the chamber must be wearing level one laceration protection before engaging with the SCP.
Thats a hermit crab you can’t fool me
Hermit kitty!
Enjoy it whilst you can little kitten. Before too long you will become a cat and the wonder of the fishbowl will be lost forever.
Awww so cute
I approve.
Super cute
 You made my day, thank you
Ooooh he doing that pounce wiggle in the bowl!
He's going to be so beautiful.

Pls update at least monthly 😍
Bonsai Kitten
I love when they do that thing with their backside when they get excited for a hunt of some sort.
See! They don’t want the fish! They just want to be IN the bowl! :)
Aww ..... now I want a 🐱
best
u/vreddit_downloader
I work in a pet store and have always believed fish bowls to be cruel. At least now I can sell them as cat toys
Unboxing video.
That's no cat that's a hermit crab
There's no way that's a fishbowl due to the size. It's a jar or something.
Damn that’s a good camera.
Hermit cat
Pretty sure you have a turtle.
Don’t leave him too long or you will have a bonsai kitty.
Hermit cat
HD floof
HermitCat left his shell!
r/catsareliquid
That shdnt be a fish bowl tho ._.
Fishbowl ? Way too small for fish, cute kitty tho
This is like movie quality the frick ! Cute Cat though !
Off camera to the left, Bob the gold fish is less amused.
I’m afraid for when the little guy is just small enough to fit, but big enough to get stuck...
That ain't no fishbowl! Poor fish!
As long as you don’t put any fish in there
The best use of a fishbowl
r/shittyaquariums that is too small for a catfish!
What a marvelous moment to be Brazilian.
Fish bowl? That's way too small. Try cookie jar.
that's not a fish bowl lmao that's a torture bowl
There really is no point in purchasing expensive cat toys/houses when they are entertained by things like... a bowl
Cookie jar.
The only acceptable use for a fishbowl
Is that not a cookie jar?
cute but don't put any fish in that bowl please, way to small.
u/Ewlinix
This just triggered some claustrophobia I didn’t know I had.
r/shittyaquariums
Amazing that my worst nightmare is this cat’s best day ever
That bowl is way too small for that cat. He/she needs at least a 10 gallon with proper filtration.
wait thats suposeed to be a fihbowl ????  Its literally too small for everything to live in there. Pls tell me that you wont put any fish in it. 

There is not enough space for water to dilute any amount of fish/shrimp poop so it doesnt burn the gills
It looks very uncomfortable but yet I'm not a cat
Imagine putting a lid on it lmao
Chief inspector making sure the fish bowl doesn’t have any leaks
Scary beast
A cat in a jar
It's a catbowl now! (Or kittenbowl?)
I wish things were that simple.
That is true aww!
I’m just 1 found soul
Sitting in a fishbowl
How Gary from Spongebob was made
But what happened to the fish?!!
Plot twist: this is why cats in cartoons are trying to get the fish out of fishbowls
Catfish
Catfish
Hermit-cat
A little game of "Hermit Crab"
I wonder if they think the fishbowl gets smaller as they grow bigger.
Gimme dat fish!
But where's the fish?
hes such a babe
It's a rare breed of Hermit Cat.
Oh how the turns have tabled.
Adorable!❤️
Its like he was a snail and that was his shell
I am waiting for the cute little poem about this kitty...
There needs to be an r/headexplodingcuteness subreddit and this needs to be the top post!!
AWwwww....

Da Puddin ***!*** :D
Awwww that’s so cute 


... now put on the lid
So that’s why they’re always going after the goldfish. They want the bowl
A terrrawrium
cat keeper
It’s my happy place!
The wonders of cat that fits into any small size things!
Hermit-cat
Fun fact cat like to adopt shells much like hermit crabs.
The time of his life so far.
It was never the fish that they wanted!
Man I want that cat (ᵔᴥᵔ)
It’s so cute bro <3
Man I want that cat (ᵔᴥᵔ)
Bonsai Kitten!
*bonsai kitten memes intensifies...*
Ah. The forgotten art of Bonsai kitten.
Does this count as "if I fits, I sits"? I hope it does.
Now screw the cap on
Hermit cat. As he gets bigger, he will find a larger shell.
That's awesome 😊
What's inside your fish bowl I really wanna know 🎶
I think that's actually a hermit crab, I read about them once. Cool too see one for real though
cat tank.
turtle cat
Bonsai kitten!
I am now the fish
You little one looks just like my cat did when she was tiny.
Ahh, the elusive Hermit Cat
Love the butt wiggle
Where's the sound?!
time to noodle him out of there, redneck style!
This is giving me bonsai kitten PTSD. Legit thought it was real when I was a kid
Does anyone else remember early 2000s internet when people were convinced cats where growing in glass boxes to make them square?
Thank you for showing that he can easily get out. I thought he might have to live out his life as a fish.
Such an energetic turtle omg!
you need to become the enemy to defeat the enemy
Kinda wished they throw the toy inside the fishbowl.
Hermit Kitten
Sorry in advanced....


Anyone remember Bonzaikittens? That shit fucked me up as a teen...
Aww that’s so cute
this is the only living thing these tiny bowls should be used for
The tiniest the space is they manage to squeeze into, the happier they are! 😉😁
r/theoryofcatsinfishbowls
Imgaine he sleeps there for 1 night and grows becoming stuck in there forever
Kitten is secretly turtle
Happy kitty.
Man I want a cat so badly
/u/vredditshare
Bonsai Kitten!
He can’t relate his temperature so he’s going inside of a box for the airflow is lower so he can warm himself a little better. That gives him time to fool around
OH MY GOD I LOVE HIM
Oh, my old nemesis, the pink ball! Foolish ball, the hermit cat is an invincible adversary!!
Cat wants to be snail
Heterochromia!
u/vredditdownload
Your kitten looks so similar to the one I just got! Bengal mixes are the cutest kittens
My heart is melting
r/greebles
Bonsaikitten
And cue bonsai kitten pics
Bonzai kittens are best kittens!
I wish I could do that
[Bonsai kitten](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bonsai_Kitten).  Greatest website of all time.  May it rest in peace.
Fish kitten!
i wonder if turtles evolved from cats
Turtle kitty
Awww. I wish there was sound so I could here his little squeaky meow
He‘s a snail now
Hermit Cat.
so cute!
That’s not a cat, it’s a snail!
How get out?
you can't see me! I'm hiding!
That doesn't look very comfortable.
She's adorable, gorgeous and cute!
Wow! I actually thought my girlfriend posted this, it looks just like our kitten
Now I've had the time of my life  
No, I never felt like this before  
Yes, I swear it's the truth  
and I owe it all to you
These Bonsai Kitten videos are just sic...
Y'all remember Bonzai cats? I remember a girl sending me a link of it back in the day and she was so upset
thats the best ever
Anyone reminded of the Bonzai Kitten website?
Adorable!
he's the fish now
Do animals ever get stuck in stuff like this?
It's going to outgrow it eventually and won't realize until too late.
I like that at the end, we get to witness the hermit-cat go out in search of a new, larger home.
Hermit-Cat
Think of how much fun it would have in a cardboard fishbowl.
... bansai kitten
Absolutely adorable.
https://youtu.be/p-e1GbPb3f8
A jar of cute
It'll be a sad day when he no longer fits 😯
Thats a hermit cat!
Hermit crab crossed with a cat.
That's his shell now, Shell cat
Remember bonzi kitten??
Cats are liquid. Now put the fish inside the bowl as well.
The start of the video I was like "wtf can he get out
A trap-door feline!
Future bonsai kitten
Bonsai kitten.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bonsai_Kitten
That's one adorable land fish
r/catsareliquid
Still can smell the fish
They love smol spaces like this 😍
Kittens always look distressed, even when having the time of their lives.
it's so cute
In another life he was a turtle 🐢
He didn’t choose the hermit crab life,  the hermit crab life chose him
I see the bonsai cat is coming along nicely
Glad to see a more appropriate animal in a fish bowl since fish bowls aren't really appropriate for fish lol
“My house now!”
u/vredditdownload
Aww!
So cute!
/u/vredditshare
So cuteee!!!!
Turtle cat
Cute
Can't Belive That I Was Catfished
He's wishing for a fishie.
I’m calling peta. That fishbowl is way too small for a fish that huge lmao
I need to give him a hug
What an adorable little mass murderer
It reminds me of doraemon's Snail Episode 🐌
He’s like a hermit cat lmao
Furtle
You should get him one of those little covered bed things, I have one for my cat and he loves it.
Expected a much bloodier outcome based on that headline!
Damn. I also have a kitten almost exact the same 😮
Cutest little butt wiggle ever
Oh my gosh! He is so adorable!!!
bruh i wish i was the cat that looks so comfortable
/u/vredditshare
Cats want to be hermit crabs.
She just wants to be a turtle!
Oooooh makes me claustrophobic
Purrfection!
The rare fur snail.
I'm getting one tomorrow I can't wait
IF IT FITS
IT SITS
Thats a weird looking hermit crab.
https://www.ding.net/bonsaikitten/
Commence butt-wiggle...
thats a rare hermit crab
Paint it lika a nautilus!
like a little hamster
This is too adorable!
And years ago, people would've thought this was meant to shape the kitten's bones...
Bonzai Kitten
Hermit cat
High quality camera right there
Crat

Crab + cat
I want a fish bowl too.
"This is my life now."
[Bonsai Kitten](https://www.ding.net/bonsaikitten/)
It’s a catfish
I'm not a cat person but this is cute
r/catsareliquid
Perfect use for a fishbowl! 🤣
That’s not a cat! It’s a hermit crab.
If i fits i sits. Also put a small square or circle on the floor. Watch the magic.
That is an incredibly shallow DoF. What kind of camera and lens are you using?
BBC Earth Narrator “... the young Hermit-Kitty will need to find a more suitable shell...”
What happened to the fish? 😮
That looks EXACTLY like my cat
Very cute I have a mealting heart because of this cuteness overload
I think he had the time of his life 10 minutes before that, when the fish tank wasn't empty
That’s a hermit cat if ever there was one!
U/redditshare
In an earlier life I was a snail?
Pocket Dimension!
u/vreddit_downloader
^"Where ^de ^feesh?"
I'm smitten with the kitten!
hhhhhh is he realy tho?? looks kinda confused to me
I have a little kitty only my onlyfans ! Subscribe to see @ thathiccqueen
Bonsai kitten
sry wrong subredit
Or is he ?
What if he ate the fish
A Bonsai Kitten in the making.
Sir/madam, that is a fluffy looking turtle you’ve got there.
Faith in life restored I really needed this today :)
Bonsai kitten
How could evolution make something so adorable. Yet so good at killing shit. Cat's are one of the most successful hunters.
Hermit Kitten
You can just *see* the r/buttwiggle before he pounces
A hermit cat
Little magneto in his jail cell
The snail accepts your gift
This is movie level camera quality
What happened to the fish
I would have been content with just a photograph of this kitten, but you just had to raise the stakes with a video and a fish bowl. Well played!
he is baby!
Excellent quality video!

Also I would die for this cat.
u/vredditshare
Sir that's a snail
That’s pretty awesome.
I love when they wiggle their bums before they strike 🥰😍
where can I follow this baby?
Cats are like if crabs were dogs.
Anyone remember [Bonsai Kitten](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bonsai_Kitten)
I miss the days when I could just lie on the floor and play with the cat.  The world and it's problems, my problems and even time itself seems to stop when you play with a cat.
Fish
This is a hermit cat,  as they grow they seek larger and larger fishbowls .
Kitties don't need a lot to have fun
Aww
Imagine putting the fishbowl on your shelf and her staring at you
Furry purrahna!
This has proven my theory, cats are a liquid.
THE BUTT WIGGLE.

The pre-pounce butt wiggle is one of my favourite things that cats do.
Liquid cat. Lol
Funny how the most simple things can be so enjoyable to others!
when you’re an introvert but still kinda wanna hang
What kind of camera set up?  Focal range looks great.
r/catsareliquid
Where's the fish?
My claustrophobic ass got a panic attack looking at this!
Is your kitten actually trans-fish?
Well we'll well how the turntables!!
r/tightpussy
Looks like my lily 😂❤️💕
Cats have whatever the opposite of claustrophobia is.
Hermit cat.
Is this what it feels like to have 20/20 vision
Btw, super cute kitty 🥺
Maybe in a previous life, he was an hermit crab...?
It’s sooo cute
Bonsai kitty
If he fit he sit
Hermit cat.
If it fits I sits
Furry hermit crab
I need that in my arms right now
I need that in my arms right now
It's been awhile since ive seen a bonzai cat.
Hermit kitten
Kitten? I only see a fish
So cute
I have radar lock, tracking engaged. Damn butt wiggle malfunction, needs more room, inching forward, and LAUNCH
its a hermit cat
u sure that is not a #catfish lol😂😂
Yeah but if it gets stuck in there.. :/
It's his catbowl now 😂
 + 5 glass armor.

+2 to prepared attack 

No vision imparement

No movement impairment for tiny creatures.
I wish I was a cat.
Kitten or Hermit crab?
My cat looks like a larger version of this cat (similar circles for markings) and she also loves the security of a box.
hey look! A Bonzai Kitten!
It's not a cat, it's a hermit crab.
Who here remembers Bonsai Kittens?

Edit: scrolls down and I’m a few hours late to a top comment. 😢
Please don’t tell me he had a goldfish  cocktail
Cute, silly kitty 😻
Can I has a fish bowl
In the early days of internet cats in glass jars meant something else.
Looking through the looking glass
He even don't know that millions of people watching him and aww
Cat succesfully parried the pink thing. Must've been playing cuphead.
🥺🥺
The perfect hiding place 
https://youtu.be/M4O31Lw88uo?t=1m3s
Awww, he play! Look at him! He resembles our little Qi.
so cute
Cute snail!
Did you mean to search: catbowl?
"I am safe inside this. The outside world is cold and cruel. But I am safe in this bowl!"
Anyone remember bonsai kitten?
Cute
Soooooo cute!
😳
I guess he was supposed to be a cat fish.
~~Spidercat~~ Turtlecat
Such a cutie!

Also, wich camera are you using? That's a really nice bokeh effect...
ESTABLISH A PRECIOUS REGIME!
Another proof that cats are liquid
you'll have to get a bigger bowl for that fish when it grows
Its all fun and games till i close the lid and start shaking the bin
I don’t really like cats, but this is so stinking cute💕
He's having a bowl
This is my safety place to avoid coronavirus.
keep that because when he gets big you will be amazed he ever fit in there ❤️❤️❤️
My cat whenever I leave an empty amazon cardboard box laying around. He'll claim it as his little fort.
r/tightpussy
Hermit Cat
Omg, this looks just like my kitten. His name is Max.
Even more ashamed to admit 20 yr me thought it was real
Hermit Cat
Awww
Well it is common knowledge that cats are liquid...

So seems like the obvious place for one to inhabit is a fishbowl
🎵🎶 How much is that kitty in the fish bowl...🎶🎵
Is this how early internet made bonsai kitties?
Plot twist there used to be a fish in there
Turtle kitty! Or as we call it when our cats do this, "Snail Cat"
hi
You’ve become the very thing you swore to destroy!
Very cute. I'm always a little freaked out by it tho - I'm always afraid they will fall asleep and suffocate. I'm equally freaked by cats playing with plastic grocery bags.
So freakin' cute! Pure and wholesome sweetie.
Give us an update for 1 years time...
As cute as the video is, why’s the quality so high?!
How did you call this catball?
Now put a lid on...
He is so cute.
Don´t buy toys, just put this or a cardboard on the floor
Oh how the tables have turned
Next, Put inside a Golden Hamster, with a rocking wheel, with it..!!
Fish at heart💜
They say that cat is mostly made of liquid so it can fit in the fish bowl
r/thecattrapisworking
60 fps always looks so strange.
As fast as kittens grow, I'm surprised he didn't get stuck in there in that short amount of time :-D.
OMG its looking soo fetching and active.The way it is roaming in or out is fantastic . i have some news for you about cat innovation from catevolution.
Bonsai Kittens!
Ah it's a Kitten Hermit Crab in it's natural habitat. When the kitten grows too large for the fishbowl, it will then molt and move into a larger container. That's how Hermit Cat do.
Yeah kitten is cute and fun. But soon to be asshole
Aww! My favorite thing in the world is when kitties wiggle their butts right before they pounce. <3
Omg so cute 😩🙏🏼💕
these catfish growing on me
u/vreddit_downloader
HermitCrat
u/vredditshare
i want our cat 

its so cut :)
This is soooo cute
u/Savethisvideo
The first book I ever read was about a cat in a fishbowl lolol
Omg !!! This is the cutest thing I’ve seen in awhile!! Your kitten is adorable and a beautiful kitty! This video is the perfect thing for anyone who is having a bad day 😊😊😊
That's the only animal that's appropriate for that size tank. Absolutely no fish can live ethically in a tank that size.
I'm trying to think of the equivalent structure size for a human. Im guessing the clear circular tube thing in McDonald's play areas
Everyone in this thread thinks this is super cute...

Can I please recommend not allowing your cat to this. Cats of this age grow daily pretty much, so one day soon you're doing to find that your kitten is able to get in, but not get out. That won't be fun for anyone.

Edit: Downvote me all you like, it doesn't change the truth of what I said.

Anyone reading this PLEASE don't let your cat do this. I give a shit about animals, check my post history. I worked with animals for years and have a degree in animal management. I dont give a fuck about karma, I give a fuck about animals.
r/tightpussy
Give him cat nip while he is in there lol
Help me step bro I got stuck in the fishbowl, WHAT ARE YOU DOING!
What a stupid post
Dear God,
  
Why did OP not post this with sound? Was he hitting his GF from behind while this recorded? This would've been a ton better with sound.
  
Sincerely,
  
Most people who watch this
Im sorry but if anyone downvotes this, please leave
[removed]
Why do I wanna put a lid on the bowl while the cat is in it? Dear god 🤦‍♂️🤣
Close the lid.
[removed]
Now put the lid on and pickle it.
Nut jar
But... why?
You should put the lid on.
“Sad ending to this one, little guy snapped his neck as i tried to get him out. Stupid, I used tongs, like salad tongs”
