Harry Potter modern day AU
In Chinese, owl is 猫头鹰 (maotouying) which literally translates to cat-head hawk.
Great... now i want an owl
do the owls have large talons?
As someone who works in wildlife rehab, owls make horrendous pets. A. They require a very specific diet, you can't just buy stuff from the grocery store. B. They often get aggressive in a few years and will start attacking their owner because they see that person as a mate due to imprinting as a chick. C. These animals are often poached from the wild as chicks or eggs, causing species to become closer to extinction and causing ecosystems to become out of whack. 

These animals then end up at wildlife rehab centers (if they don't die because of malnutrition or are not brought to a vet because they are illegal). They can never be released. 

If you want to be up close and personal with wildlife, work or volunteer at a rehab clinic or a zoo. 

https://www.internationalowlcenter.org/owlsaspets.html
It's Harry Potter and the owl he finally got to replace Hedwig...
Owl is just trying to get the mouse.
I already posted this link to another user but I think it's important that as many as possible understand why owls are TERRIBLE pets! Imo they shouldn't even be kept as pets, at all. Unless maybe if you're an experienced falconer and have A LOT of money and time.
https://youtu.be/bZKIokef7Mg
Harry Potter and the Strigiform of Procrastination
Inquisitive isn't he
I've never seen an owl IRL and I'm not happy about it.
Don’t ask me why I’m asking this question. 

What does owl shit smell like and do owls stink?
Wild animals don’t belong in a house though... I’m guessing that owl cannot be released into the wild for some reason...
[deleted]
That guy looks like Harry Potter
/r/SuperBowl
This is such a hoot!
They are, if you mean they are the scratchy bite-ies of the air.
Wants to know hoo you are talking to.
Harry Potter and the annoying owl who keeps sitting on his hand
Harry Potter ass
Of course the dude looks like Harry Potter too
And cats are the owls of the earth
r/petthedamnowl 

EDIT:THIS IS AN ACTUAL SUB WTF
Yer a hacker Harry!
They r kinda scary tho.
You even look like Harry Potter, is it to finish to look?
Is this the real harry potter?!
Isn't it Harry and Hedwig?
Hummingbirds are the sharks of the sky.
It’s a laptop Hedwig. There’s no mouse. Stop looking.
As a barn owl owner, they are exactly cats of the sky, also just as annoying too. Mine does my absolute head in but i love him 💕 they love knocking things off tables/shelf/wall
What doing?
So... you really like owls huh. ^background
Did you notice the owl stuff in the background?
Owl cafe in Japan probably
Dude actually looks like Harry Potter
Awwwl
Damn Hogwarts got wifi
If silence where loudness, owls would be the loudest predators . . . Wait,
That is one Superb Owl
This is pretty funny!
Im confused all i see is a cat
Also humming birds are the sharks of the sky
Unlike cats she seems interested in what he is doing.
What are cats of the sea?
Is he deliberately trying to look like Harry Potter for this clip!?
Is no one gonna talk about how that’s literally Harry Potter
Vietnamese translation is literally cat bird
You’re a wizard Harry!
The guy looks like Harry Potter as well
is this an owl cafe???
How come people out there having owls and im not??
I believe there’s a Chinese word for owl that’s translated to eagle faced cat or something along those lines
I used to look after an owl who didn't like flying outside. She was called Bottom and was a very sweet long eared owl. Owls are the best
Beautiful sky kitty
Dammit the secret is out!
i want one
Where is everyone getting these owls? I want one too!
That cool
r/properanimalnames
That guy looks like an owl.
Gotta make sure your using night mode when Internet browsing with owls
Harry Potter at Uni
When you get your tax refund and start buying unnecessary animals.
Harry bought a laptop
imagine if they were able to crossbreed you would have a cat owl or an owl cat imagine how crazy that would be nobody would get work done ever lol
Is he fucking Harry Potter?
Hogwarts school
Lol bruh🤣
I have been wondering what Harry and Hedwig have been doing of late.
Nice try, I know that man is a wizard.
I thought Hedwig was white. and where did Harry get the laptop?
He help 👀
Pet meeeeeee
Hedwig? Harry?
Like a cat it's a mice killer.
Calm down Harry!
Harry and Hedwig???
First we had airbud, now we have airtom
This owl's flyin all the way to the front page! 🦉🦉🦉
“I said google hooters hooman”
Harry, start using magic you twat!
I have four cats of the earth. Now I desperately want a cat of the air.......or four....🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣

Adorable, cute wonderful and magnificent creature!
Give him a treat dammit lol
Is that Harry Potter????
he Must be such a Hoot to know
I want to pet the back of its head
i'm sure it's extremely docile, but i would worry about my screen getting beaked and busted
HARRY POTTER?!!
Now I want an houil
Here’s my owl story:

It was around 3am and I was driving down a regular two lane road that was basically just me and the asphalt. Before me in the road, just sitting there, was an owl. Not a large one, mind you. There wasn’t much I could do doing nearly 40mph but straddle it and hope I just went over it. 

As I drove over it I heard the “kerchunk” of my vehicles undercarriage making impact with, what I assumed, was the owl’s skull. Feeling terrible, I turned around to check on it. As I returned I saw the owl there... perfectly fine. In the same position.  Staring at me with those owl eyes of his. Ghost owl.
Is that title a reference to humming birds are the sharks of the sky?
Does Hedwig know Harry is flaunting around town with another owl?!
Awesome owl  didnt know they can be house pets
I think this is a tawny owl. In Swedish the name is Kattuggla. Which if you would translate that literally, it would be Cat Owl.
is there a "pet the damn owl" subreddit?
And humming birds are the sharks of the sky
Are we not gonna talk about the fact that this man is wearing round glasses and has an owl? r/HarryPotter
Bats are the sky puppies. Owls are the sky kitties
That guy even looks like Harry Potter!
Platform 9 and 3/4.. This dude knows
Surprise, surprise - Harry Potter have an keyboard owl...
Hogwarts Online during COVID-19 lockdown
I had been wondering what Daniel Radcliffe had been doing as of late...
Man why is Harry using a laptop?
So that's what Harry's job was after he left school...
Are owls liquid tho
Awe its Harry and Hedwig trying to be muggles.
Ok maybe this was just the angle but...

Is this boy 30 or is this man 13? I cannot tell his age and I am concerned
I just. I want one so bad...
Where is this?
It’s way too bright in that room for the owl, right? Maybe this vid is only for a short time? Or rare moment?
And hummingbirds are the sharks of the sky
I see Harry’s college days are going well
Can one own an owl? Asking for a friend
I take it, that's a owl cafe ?
pet the damn owl!
He looks like Harry Potter 😂
That dude looking like Harry Potter and Hedwig
Who?
Good to see Harry got another owl
Imagine just casually owning an owl. It's a surreal thought!
Large eyes, eats mice, hogs computer...yup, checks out. Owls are in fact the cats of the sky.
Who gave Harry Potter computer access
Curious
A great Grey cat
Didnt know i needed an owl around. Now i do. I need an owl around.
Those talons look a little sharp to be having on your thigh.
Modern day Harry Potter and Hedwig
I’m going to own an owl, it’s official
Cat soft wear running on bird hardware
I love owls
Its so floofy
Harry Potter home schooled
How
I need this in my life
When Hogwarts switched to email
This guy looks suspiciously like a certain boy who lived.
Soo cool...!!!
Now a want a cat AND and owl omg
He's helping!
I wonder what animals think when we are our on computers. Why is this human so obsessed over this? Food? Hm seems warm. Maybe they like their hands warm? Okay I can dig it, see human I'm just like you I like warm too.
If you look like Harry Potter you MUST own an Owl, it’s the law.
Cats are the chicken of the junkyard
*What a LOAF!* lol I had no idea
That looks like a Superb Owl party
Meowl?
I want an owl so bad now
Is that Harry Potter?
In ATLA the owls are part cat.
It's having a hoot  


(ik ik I had to though)
This guy is playing up his Harry Potter resemblance to the max. You cant tell me he doesn't go to the grocery store in a cloak.
except when they steal your cat
I mean, they're stealthy nocturnal ambush predators. So, yeah.
Ah yes, the chicken of the trees
How tf do you adopt an owl
This guy is a secret agent!! That's not an "owl", that's a spy drone that works for the bourgeoisie!! Read about it!! r/birdsarentreal
Hummingbirds are the sharks of the sky
I know why you are using a trackpad, the owl ate your mice.
You’re a wizard Harry
Man... the 'rona has got even the wizards schooling from home...
Ya get a wand, ya get a feckin' owl to deliver yer shitey mail
I’m throwing a Superb Owl party and you’re invited.
I wonder how pets react to humans using phones and pc's. It would probably go like:

"Ayo the fuck you moving your hooman fingers on glass for"
Love this so much
Owls Arent assholes
Hes just trying to gain knowledge for his desert library.
I thought he was going to push the laptop off the desk - if he did that he’d definitely be a flying cat
I used to have an owl when i was a kid and it was one of the greatest pets i ever had
Harry Potter and he's new owl
Где моë письмо из Хогвартса сука ты пернатая
Which Potter movie is this clip from?
Dude kinda looks like his owl
So... cat OS with added extra flight sim?
Rotate your cat.
OP has a lot of owl stuff around.
I want one
Did anyone else see Johnny Bravo in the background?
Pretty sure that’s Harry Potter
I wish SO BADLY that I could keep an owl as a pet dammit
I'm pretty sure he was trying to hump anything. You are his porn.

Edit: typos
Calm down Harry Potter.
I have been DREAMING of a pet owl! Tell me how!!
Damn. That is a big birb. But how much is fluff?
I-I-Is that you Hedwig?
Nice
Birb seems very confused.
/r/Superbowl
Who?
Cat software on bird hardware.
Harry Potter and the Programmer’s Pebble
I thought that was Harry Potter with his owl for a sec.
Hogwarts doing distance learning now?
Oh my God your house looks just like my house. If we ever met the collection would be too great
where is it?
I think he wants scritches.
The resemblance is uncanny.. Apart from Hedwig being white.
Harry Potter?
What's Harry doing with Errol? This doesn't look like the burrow.
Harry Potter working from home
harry potter
How do I adopt/rescue an owl that isn't fit for the wild? I could use a flighty-cat.
You’re a wizard, Hedwig
Is...that Harry Potter?
This type of post encourage wild animals commerce and suffering. Pls dont buy them and be aware that most of them can not be pets due to their wild instincs.
Harry hasnt aged a bit, neither has his owl
If Harry Potter went to MIT instead
After so long!! Harry and his owl.
Love how the owl is like "What you doing?"
Harry Potter?!
How often do they shit
*the Ministry of Magic wants to know your location* (you’re exposing yourself as a wizard to muggles!)
That was so damn cool! Moar, plz!!!!!
"Mom I saw a cute owl today!"
Is that Hairy potsticker?
Beautiful creature ❣️
Only that owls are rather dumb.
So Freaking cool,  love it <3
Is that Harry Potter?!
Is this person cultivating a Harry Potter cosplay?
Harry is that you?
Owls are the stealth bombers of the animal kingdom.
Harry Potter in online classes be like
r/Superbowl
Looks like Harry Potter with his owl.
I'm so glad Harry found a new owl to love after losing Hedwig 😄
Chad version of hp
So Harry Potter grew up to be a salaryman.
Excuse me, but actually cats are the owls of the land.
Seconds after watching gift. “How much does an owl cost” .-.
Wizards have Wi-Fi?
Yes, I've been calling them sky kitties for years now
The owl moved to the exact beat of the song I was listening to
Howly mowly
Yo Harry tell Hedwig to chill
I want a best friend owl now
We're gonna miss our train Harry!
Except owls usually aren’t the smartest birds...
Harry Potter vibes
That owl is not in the air.
u/redditdownloader
I want I want one bad!!!
What a precious owl aww thats amazing
Does anyone know what tyoe of owl that is?
It’s a white dude with Round glasses and a pet owl and nobody has made a Harry Potter joke... I don’t know whether I’m proud of your maturity...or slightly disappointed in you all !!
He is truly beautiful
Meanwhile my bird tries chewing the keys and pooping on me
Oh, a parrot would've been half way through his keyboard keys by the end of the video...
Skycats
I didn’t get my hogwarts letter and this is what angers me most, I want a pet owl so bad
I see Harry is doing 100% distance from Hogwarts too.
Saw my first ever wild owl this week!! I’m in Scotland AMAZING
TIL owls are cool as shit. They can also be scary as fuck if you look at certain ones without knowing you’re looking at an owl. First couple frames of this gif had me like “what the duck is that!?!?” Disclosure: Vodka may have had something to do with my initial reaction.
This owl looks like that piece of shit from the desert library.
PET the DAMN OWL
You know what they call owls? Chicken of the night
It's watching your mouse
You’re a wizard Harry!
My parents had burrowing owls in their pasture one year but they didn't stay for long, they were cool as heck
Harrrryyyy poooootttttttttaaaahhh
Is this Harry Potter?
It just HAS to be illegal to have a pet owl in Massachusetts......
In my language the tawny owl is actually called "kattugle", translated catowl
Yer a wizard, Harry!
"*FLAT OWL!*"
So are cats the owls of the ground
What kind of owl is this? I’ve got a curious over-the-shoulder reader
Owls are cool. Do you have to have a certain permit or license to own one as a pet?
Aww, Harry Potter Amazon shopping with his owl 🦉
Owls getting a little frisky with the laptop at around 5 second mark.
Ok but why does the dude look like Harry Potter lol
The owls are not what they seem
That’s a good boi
Big cute eyes, eats mice, throws up gross stuff, will not shut the fuck up when you're not in the mood to hear it. Yeah, that checks out.
sorry, glasses and a owl? i think i know this boy
That's like no barn I have ever seen.
What ya watchin, Arry?
I’m not a owl expert but that one looks pretty big
Legit toothless
Owls are the birds of the air
I did falconry in Scotland at a castle a couple years ago and got to hang out with an owl named Duke.

He's called that cause he walks like a cowboy.

At one point he stood sideways and puffed out a little to look bigger, a lot like a cat does.
Send Me Money bc1q0ypdvmmv2s6v56ux8kdh80cwp7ufghfy2ryt2d
You really gotta be a weird fuck to own an owl
I'm happy to see Harry Potter is doing well and got himself a new owl. RIP Hedwig.
I mean, they're definitely not birds, so...
I thought that was a large hedge hog at first glance!
Harry Potter but twinkier.
Owls. Not just for delivering magic letters any more.
Real life Harry Potter over here
Man, the Harry Potter movies missed a golden opportunity for some lighthearted owl scenes!
I imagine this is what Harry Potter would've had to deal with if COVID had forced Hogwarts to go remote.
Did this guy think "hey, I kinda look like Harry Potter, I should get an owl to avoid any confusion"?
Hi. I'm hoping you can help me. I need some keys reattached to my Macbook Pro that were pulled off by an owl.

I'm sorry, it sounded like you said "pulled off by an owl.".

Yep, that's what happened.

Huh. That's a new one. Bring it on in.
I would now like a pet owl.
PET HIM GODDAMNIT
The real reason why cats and dogs are the most popular house pets isn't loyalty or cuteness

It's about piss and shit.  There are a lot of super cute "exotic" pets out there.  But the deal breaker is that they piss and shit where ever they feel like pissing and shitting.
You’ve heard how pets and their owners look alike?
I'm so confused, why are people always chilling with owls, east coast I never ever see them and on reddit everyone has one. Am I missing some crazy new trend
Too adorable wow! I wish
Looks like a Great Gray?
Is that Harry Potter and Hedwig?
Sky kitty
Is that Harry Potter?
Those talons 👠
Is that Harry Potter lol
Is that Harry Potter?
aww so good to see Harry moving on after poor Hedwig.
Something something something hummingbirds are the sharks of the sky...
I'm questioning how that owl isn't asleep while everyone saying they want owl.
This counts as pcmasterrace
Want
Too bad animals are wild animals, or else I’d get one
is that harry potter?
Owls are fucking awesome!
Owls... everyone is fond of owls...
"All cats are birds".
Harry is having a career change?
My cockatiel was like that
OP, do u just farm reddit karma for a full time job?
Is that you, Harry?
Am I the only one who thinks he looks like Harry Potter??
Every student at Hogwarts has to take care of an owl this semester since the school is fully online due to COVID.
Reminder these rival large falcons and eagles for hunting skill of birds
Harry Potter goes to MIT
Good owl
That butt wiggle is too cute
To be fair, they both take out heir anger on mice
Harry Potter if he was home school
Is that harry potter
*I'LL TAKE YOUR ENTIRE STOCK*
Immediately had deftones guitar riffs in my head while making an 'awww' face.
This lap top is a hoot.
/u/meowlisssa
You're a Wizzard, Harry!
That’s Harry potter
Owls creep me TF out because of some animated bird movie I saw as a kid. And I saw that *one* episode when I was younger
You’re a wizard Harry!
Well, owl plus cat equals Totoro.
How do keep an owl entertained?
"John for the last time you've been accepted to Hogwarts"
r/superbowl
It’s not even in the air though
This is harry and hedwig
The owner clearly knows how to care for his cat-headed-hawk.

The love is strong... Also isn't is bad for owl feathers to get oil on their feathers?
Guy in this video, you are very cute 😍
Owls, everyone is find of owls! Except for mice and shrews, and Simon Cowells!
I see it got the mouse
[removed]
He’s trying to find the mouse, but there’s only a touchpad 😟
Who's a good boy?  Who?  Who?
So fluffy
So you’re telling me that’s not harry and hedwig?
"So where is the mouse exactly?"
Wait wait wait. What do you have to do to have an owl. Like - is it legal and why don’t I have one right now.
I completely agree with this analogy
Owls are spooky creature particularly when you run into them at night next to a cemetery.
In Chinese, owls are literally called “eagle with a cat head”, 猫头鹰.
My life just changed after reading the title of this post.
I’m getting goosebumps because of how big its head is.
God I would love an owl when I get my own place but I bet they’re incredibly expensive to buy and to raise and keep
Where do i get a docile owl from? I had an incredibly angry barn owl (i kmow its not legal to keep them in some countries, but its legal where i live)
I feel like JK Rowling knew this
Funny, our cat is our substitute pet owl, she is light, small and fluffy and kinda looks like one.
Funny how the guy who looks like Harry Potter owns an owl
 An owl ate my kitten once
Where do I get one!!
Are we just gonna sit here an ignore that my man looks like Harry Potter?
It's Harry Potter!?
Hello this is your daily dose of internet
Is that... is that Harry Potter?!
pspspspspsps
I see Harry has summer homework from hogwarts
Illegal to own in my state.
Fun fact: in Chinese they’re called 猫头鹰 （māo tóu yīng). Literally Cat-Head-Eagle
Too bad you don't have a mouse...
What is the owls name?
r/PetTheDamnOwl
You're a wizard Harry
Would have been a perfect cosplay, but for the colour of the owl.
This kid is going places, mostly hogwarts
Oi bruv! Awl scrotch yer fockin ois oot mate!
Well, they both hunt mice.
I want a pet owl, do I walk into PetCo and ask for the owl section? Or do i steal one from the roost while its sleeping? Im serious I want a night raptor!!!
this guy hogwarts
I used to call my cat a flightless owl. Totally get it. I miss him.
Is it easy to get a pet owl?
“Bats are the chickens of the cave”
It must be the mouse diet.
Ain’t this some Harry Potter shit.
l thinking about that's someone like to which put much animal owl....
A OWL.
Is no one going to mention Harry Potter?
Is this Hogwarts?
What?!?!?! You have a pet owl?!?! That’s so cool, I’m jealous.
Hummingbirds are the sharks of the sky
Posts like this normalize having them as pets, and owls make TERRIBLE pets. They are wildly expensive to care for, dangerous, and die way earlier than they would in the wild.
Of course the dude looks like Harry Potter
Where do u get owls as pets??
How much for it
lol
Hummingbirds are the sharks of the sky.
How do so many people apear to have these super chill pet owls? Im sure some are part of animal shows/zoos etc but it seems like i see like 10 a day of kids or other pets playing with these big goofy snuggle birds and thats exactly 100%not how i thought owls kept in doors would be
Bruh Harry Potter and his owl in the flesh
I hope now everyone gets why I want an owl.
Why the guy look like Harry Potter?
This guy identifies with Harry Potter.
- Credit Card Topup.
- Billpay
- Direct deposit 
- wire (opt method not a Problem)
- Mobile deposit 
- Ach transfer

t.me/redhacktarn
[just watched this episode of Airbender!](https://avatar.fandom.com/wiki/Cat_owl)
Its gonna leave so many scratch marks on your laptop if it can
/r/superbowl
"Watcha buyin?"
Is that harry potter??
I want one!,,
what harry potter movie is this?
Bro it’s Harry Potter
Harry Potter checking emails at Hogwarts
Is this a specific breed of owl?
Owls are generally noce creatures. Cats are psychopaths who do things to manipulate intentionally
Owls are so cute, I’ve always wanted one since I watched Harry Potter
Look how calm she is as well
You would all enjoy r/meowl
Is this Harry Potter!?
Brb, going to go adopt an owl now.
Imagine being so white that you get a pet owl
Harry? Is that you?
Are owls actually affectionate?
I knew a guy who had Harris hawks and he said there was no affection whatsoever. And that they were only interested in hunting. But when I see owl videos it seems different.
And hummingbirds are the sharks of the sky
Wait are owl cafes a thing??
They do catch mice
He is a definitely a wizard...
You’re a programmer Harry!
The owls are not what they seem
Why arent cats the owls of the ground?
Owls are terrible pets.
My dude look like harry Potter tho
Ryzen laptop. Nice.
Are they potty trained?
r/superbowl
My wife would die from excitement she loves owls
Stolen, god reddit fucking sucks
That's a fat owl, is it American?
It's me or he looks like Harry Potter at one time
This is awesome! I now want an owl.
air cat
Welp looks like it’s owl wings for dinner
Harry Potter and Hedwig
It's adorable.
coot
Plot twist: They eat mice too.
But that owls not in the air
Air cats! 

I love owls. They’re so cute. 😩
Looks like Hedwig is keeping Harry from doing his homework.
They really are.
Damn, this guy really loves owls, looks at his room
Looks like Harry got over the loss of Hedwig by getting a new owl.
I want 47 of these...😍
yo i thought hedwig died?
They also enjoy the culinary experience of rodents.
Is that Harry Potter?
Looks like Harry Potter found a new owl
Harry Potter and his beautiful owl
How is this not onnr/superbowl
Thanks now I want another owl
Okay but Seagulls are definitely chipmunks of the air then
This motives me to adopt one indeed. Btw in Turkish owl is called “baykuş” means Mr. Bird no matter which gender is.
Im allergic to cats, and im not active so pets are hard for, thus I need an owl
Is that Harry Potter?
Glad to see Harry got another owl
Can you imagine if a caveman somehow made it to 2020 and saw this. He would probably be like “Get away from that assassin bird they are dangerous they have swords for feet and they just float off into the air. This asshole killed my favorite [bunny.](https://imgur.com/gallery/zBCtDye)”
Wow... Thank you for sharing
Is it bad that I thought it was a weird looking balloon at first?
Harry Potter?
My old lovebird always attacked the keys if I gave my laptop more attention than her
Harry?
Even hogwarts is affected by the pandemic
Owls are giving cool, that is all.
This a Hogwarts student getting some remote learning done cause of corona
What are the odds that guys looks like Harry Potter?
i love owls
Aww I wanna hold him😍
Wow! So sweet and cute!!
I've been telling people this for years.
Would it be the same even if you don’t look like Harry Potter?
Thicc BOI
I want an owl now
My aunt was an artist with a private aviary in her house, owls are very people friendly
Ok, now I love owls!!!
I once cast a spell on a reddit who's spirit reddit name persona was an owl. I cured his blindness sourda.
I love them
Really😂
Now I want an owl!!
That is the coolest pet ever....
I want one so bad
Cats of the air always makes me think of [this](https://youtu.be/eIl1VuGTk3g) Clarke and Dawe skit
Mr. Potter, wasn't hedwing white?
r/superbowl
Who?
Till it needs to poop...
Your a wizard Harry.
Do you know owls and cats are greatest enemies?
