Crossing fingers your father-in-law does micro-woodworking so we can see the accompanying coffee table!
When I mentioned that one of my cats preferred napping on the blanket my mom crocheted me rather than the fleece blankets most cats seem to prefer my mom asked what my cat's favorite color is. For Christmas that year, my mom crocheted that cat her own little cat sized blanket. It now permanently lives on the foot of my bed and is that cat's favorite napping spot. My other cat got a big package of her favorite cat treats.
Everyone so excited to wave money, but that's a heck of a lot of work. Oh man, just the time and tedium to weave in all the loose ends for that adorable afghan. 

Heh, if I made it I would be charging real couch price just to account for my time. She made a fantastic piece, I hope your kitty appreciates it, lol!
OMG, how cute ! Your Mom could start a business. People love to pamper their furbabies and this is a very nice product.
Cross post this to r/furnitureforcats I’ve made two so far, now on the circular love seat
Holy crap this blew up. Thank you for getting involved everyone. This is fun in a sort of terrifying way.
Might not be feasible to make them for sale, but she should totally sell the pattern!  I would make the heckin fuck outta that.
Thank you for bringing this critical information to light.
Shut up and take my money! Cutest thing I've seen in a while!
That afghan really sells it. It’s so cute!
She should consider making a little business with this. I would buy the shit out of that couch.
Your mother-in-law is an absolute treasure!
Your mother-in-law is absolutely....divan! 😉
Wow the Afghan - that is too much and too cute - the cat too
Put the Schnoodle in a frame on the coffee table!!!
Thanks, my cat just saw this over my shoulder, gave me the “I want it” face, and now I have to go to the yarn store. Awesome.
Kitteh living the good life! 💜
This is a very important peice of information! Thanks  for sharing the awwww 😁
Your MIL's crochet game is strong. 
Thats how you win at best MIL.
Your Mother in-law is awesome!
..*sigh*... I should ever be so cool
Putting my cat's grandmother to shame.
So cute! I’ve been seeing a trend of crochet couches for small to medium sized pets. :) I don’t believe I will tire of seeing them.
I'm currently crocheting this exact thing right now. There's a set of three patterns out there that are becoming quite the sensation!
My MIL also got had too much time on her hands and made her grandcats a crocheted couch, afghan and all. She also went the extra step and used memory foam.
Your mother-in-law's cat is enormous!
This is the sweetest, cutest thing, in history!
That seems like a lot of effort to keep them off the furniture but it might be worth it.

edit:  My wife says "Ah hell no."
She's got serious talent!
r/crochet must be informed of this remarkable feat
This is unreal.
Wait..what if it's actually just a regular couch and you just own a big cat
The most impressive part of this picture is that the cat didnt ignore it and decide to sleep in/on something else.
Haha "grandcat". Awesome. Can we get some more pictures? :)
Is there a subreddit specifically for this tiny furniture?
Hey man that afghan really ties the room together
Awwwww
So sweet! (The MIL and kitty!)
I love it, its adorable
What an awesome mother-in-law!!!
I'd love a pattern for that!

I'd also love to know how to crochet but
This is pawsome!!!!!!
Thats so cute.She should sell them on Etsy.
Good, now throw up on it, see how the cat likes it.
Does she take orders? 

Asking for me
HOW DO I BUY ONE??? I am as serious as your cat!!!! Pm me!
Well, that is just outstanding.
MIL goals
Your cat is very obliging. Most typical cats would turn their noses up at something that had so much love, care and time put into it, and sit in a cardboard box instead.
And even more important, the cat is actually using it!
You’ve got a really nice mother-in-law.  Mine told me that I was “forbidden” to get any more cats!!!  He’ll, I’m 61 years old, if I want another cat, I told her I would get one.  Then she dared me to...wrong move... maybe that’s how I wound up with 15 cats!!!🐾😻🐾
Ahhh.. how wonderful
Adorable!!
Beautiful ❤️
I was hoping she crocheted a cat...
Thank you!  I needed to know that! (And see that)
/r/kitting
The tiny afghan completes the sofa delightfully! Adorable cat, too!
Love it!!
Your mother in law is doing right by her grandcat. She is a queen.
That's AWESOME
The cat requires nothing less
Grandma got talent for sure, but the real story here is YOUR CAT IS ACTUALLY USING THE FURNITURE IT WAS GIVEN. Mine would look at me like “fuck am I supposed to do with this, the one I like is right there, fuck outta here with your gifts nerd!”
Someone hit the mother in law jackpot! I adore both my mom and mother in law but I'd like them more if they crocheted my cats a couch and teeny afghan.
This is adorable!
Your mother in law is badass
This aligns with my interests.
I think that is pretty impressive.
As a beginner in crochet I dream of one day doing something like this
She'll make a killing if she sells these on etsy!
How did you get your cat to lay on it??? My friend actually crocheted one of these for my cat but it seems so small in comparison to her and she won't even step on it!
Are these for sale?!
Uh... I think our cats are [twins](https://imgur.com/gallery/ghjgp0x).
...can I have your Mother in law?  This is absolutely adorable!
r/crochet , OP. We would love it over there, too.
I need this kind of mother in-law. Mine brings over a cheap bottle of vodka and asks me to hold her teeth. This is unfair and I’m pissed! Taking in any strays? Ask her please? My wallet is fat so o will pay extra! Thanks In advance hahah. Really this is so freaking awesome
Truly a work of art.  Bella!
You have an awesome mother in law!
I don’t know what’s more impressive: the couch or the fact that the cat is happily sitting in it.
Cat: I'm the most important being in this household and this couch confirms it.
There is so much detail!  She did an amazing job!!
The Afghan!!   Dying
Oh. My. God. This was very important for everyone to know. That’s awesome!!!
r/crochet would love this
Thats awesome, being put to good use
I am genuinely impressed the cat is using it.
Thank you, it was important to us to know.
I think my dad wants to make high chairs for our small dog and her sister (who lives with my sis) to sit with us as we eat.
Shut up and take my money!!!!
Wow, she really, really wants an actual grandchild really really bad. Nothing says, "I have so much free time and energy I could be giving your child" than a ridiculously complicated gift for an animal.
Khajiit has time if you need to talk.
It's important to me that you know I appreciate the hell outta your MIL and you for making me smile.
Super cute! Both the fur baby and the couch/afghan! I am now looking for a pattern!
You better get than woman a grandchild or she's gonna start knitting handguns.
Wanna ask your mother in law to kindly be quiet and take my money?
Man you guys treat this cat better than you do [insert Ethnicity] people.
r/FurnitureForCats
Please say I'm not the only one who thought this was a giant cat to start with
Kitteh approves!
That is a reluctantly plonked in place cat if I've ever seen one.
I have this pattern 😂 I’m half way through making one for old lady cat
I love that!  I wish I could get back into crocheting so I could make one for my cat, Evie.
Your MIL is a badass! 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻🧶
Next, the matching sweater.
Aww I'm glad she's actually sitting on it! We all know how persnickety felines are
Omg the afghan! 😹😻
Best MIL/Cat-Grandma ever!
I’m not a cat person but damn that’s adorable
This is my couch, there aren't many like it, regardless, it's my couch.
This is one of the most wonderful things I've ever seen!
That is too cute! And what a pretty kitty!
Your m-i-l is really super special! That couch is great! Please give her a hug from a web stranger  - and administer numerous pets to your lucky kitty!
Tell your mother-in-law nice job. That’s awesome.
I want three, please.
Adorable.
Uhhh omg pattern please?!?
There's so much right about this. I love the couch, the Afghan and your beautiful cat. Thank you for sharing!
Normal people fantasies: Hookers, cocaine and parties.

r/awww fantasies: Matching tiny cat furniture.
I’m really glad you shared this because it’s goddamn adorable and I needed to see it :)
Hello, fluff.
Please let her know this is fantastic
My cat has a futon but this beats it for sure!!! I need one!!
Fantastic! Can you share the pattern?
/u/ThisIsTheOnly and u/julcarls should meet up!

*["Husband said he was going to make a bed frame. I thought it was for our new mattress.... It was for the cat."](https://old.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/awyf90/husband_said_he_was_going_to_make_a_bed_frame_i/)*
I bought the patterns for these cat sofas and I love seeing them EVERY TIME. I love your girl she's so pretty!
I could totally see my cats grandma doing this if she crocheted.
Give her some kids, would ya
Skills
Love this!
 Impressive!!
And it's important to me that your grandma knows how awesome she is!
That is so cute!!
Omg this is so cute! thank you for sharing
I think this is the greatest thing I've seen all day, and I'm certainly in a better mood now because of it. Brilliant. :)
r/nextfuckinglevel ?
‘Grandcat’ 😹
That is adorable!  😻
I love these so much. I wish I had the patience to crochet.
That is soooooo damn cuuuute!!!!!! Maybe she should sell them??
How adorable.
AWWW!!! Your beautiful, darling cat looks EXACTLY like my beloved kitty who passed away this year (she was almost 15 and had liver issues). 😢
amazing
My best friend made one for my cat, but I have yet to catch her sitting on it
This is incredibly important information and I appreciate you bringing it to my attention.
Damn thata hella nice. Would she care to share the pattern
FINALLY! A hobby that's cheap enough for me to take up over the summer!
Best mil ever!!!!
I wanna be friends with your mother in law.
That's so sweet of her!
Beautiful Maine Coon. My absolute favorite cats.
Grandcat lol love it
Made my day.
I need this kind of mother in-law. Mine brings over a cheap bottle of vodka and asks me to hold her teeth. This is unfair and I’m pissed! Taking in any strays? Ask her please? My wallet is fat so o will pay extra! Thanks In advance hahah. Really this is so freaking awesome
This is VERY IMPORTANT 💜
Tiny Afghan is a work of art. Such love in those tiny stitches. MIL is awesome!!
I agree, this is vital information that needs to be shared
Nice :3
Now that couch and blanket aren't as pretty as the cat but together unbelievable
LUCKY KITTY!!!! That is so freaking cute, too!
....with a what?
That’s is a TRUE cat grandma.
Fantastic!
I love your Mother-in-law!
That is so darn cute!
That's actually pretty fucking impressive.
Omg how precious, and lovely job Gam Gam!
I bought this pattern intending that work was going to be shut down for the virus. Turns out, were essential.  Soooo no couch for my kitties yet.

Lovely meow meow!
OMG, that’s ADORABLE!
UT2004 voice.... Godlike
I am jealous. I wish my kitties had a sweat chair like this.
Aww. I'm actually making that same pattern as well, and I can tell you from experience that a *LOT* of time and work went into crocheting that. She must really like her grandkitty.
/I/title2imagebot
I have a feeling you’re hiding something from us, op...what if their grandcat is just a humongous cat on a normal sized couch??
This is why the Al Gore invented the internet. Dog bless his genius.
Amen. Bless this woman!!
Wow! This is amazing
This looks exactly like my cat! Tell her she did a great job.
She needs to set up an Etsy shop!
That's AWESOME !!
so this is what quarantine has amounted to so far...
I'm  working on this pattern right now in mint green!
I gotta tell my mom she's been doing this whole cat grandparent thing wrong.
Oh my god.  My grandmother made an Afghan almost EXACTLY like that for my mother (except, you know...human sized)
awww that's so adorable!! They look amazing and the kitty is sooo cute!
Love seeing the afghanistanannies doing well.
Such a beautiful cat. A twin to my own kitty Mystique!
This is AwesoMeowSome
Thank you for sharing.
Reddit loves her for it!
I am now looking for cat size couches for my own grand cats.
Your priorities are wrong.
So cute!
This is so incredibly sweet
Best grand-cat mother, ever.
That's amazing! What grandma are for
The afghan is what really does it for me. The style, the class. That's not just a piece of furniture, that's interior design right there
the afghan really signifies that this was made with love by a grandma
The tiny afghan just sends it over the edge of awesome!!!
I’ve never been more jealous on behalf of my cat.
This is the news we need to see right now.
That mother-in-law is a keeper. Lucky you.
This should be the top story on the news tonight.
OMY this is way cute
This is awesome.
Most important thing I've seen all day!
I love the internet
When watching the picture, I tought that the cat was just giant.
This makes my heart so happy...and your cat is beautiful.
I approve this, my child. 🐑
I think all kitties love or at least respect Grandmas
That's so great!
Wow
Now that’s a lucky cat and very nice loving MIL.
Wow that's so awesome
“Grandcat”? Did she birth a cat, you marry it, and you birth a cat?
OMG!  This cat looks identical to my first cat when I was a kid! Her name was Puff
What is the cushion made out of?
That cat looks menacingly fluffy!
Congrats on getting your cat to actually use it!
That is absolutely amazing!
Thank you for sharing this very, very important information
That’s divine. What a novel idea!
Grandma goals
That is art!
omg this is 🥺😭
*inspiration for my cat-niece*
Best mom ever
I absolutely love every aspect of this post.
She is talented. Set up a store!
Such talent! Such skill!! The kitty is spoiled and oh so pretty!
Epic.
That's a really big cat
This is very important.
Thank you for this vital information. I will keep a look out for more updates
❤️❤️❤️
What a great grandma! She did such a wonderful job.
That’s a chair. Upholstered, but still a chair.
This is amazing and so cute omg <3!!!
I want your grandma!!!
dude, this looks just like my cat!
ADORABLE!!
Grandcat!
That seems a bit silly.

I mean, I bought my two cats their own pinewood beds (with linens) from Ikea, like a normal person: https://www.ikea.com/us/en/p/duktig-doll-bed-with-bedlinen-set-pine-multicolor-10101664/
My cat needs one if these!! This is really awesome!!👍👍🌻
Cat is definitely the favourite grandchild. I love it!
So like how much would she charge? I could send a pic of my cat to help
That’s adorable!
Hahahhhahahaahhahahaah. Hahaahaahahahahhhaha.
I legit thought it was just a really huge cat. Really cute nonetheless
The little afghan on top, wow. This is very nice.
Dying of fluffiness here OMG
I made one for my cats. It was a beast to make.
I Neeeeeeeeeed. I needed! That is wonderfully obsessive.
I’m showing this to my Mum, she needs to up her game.
That’s so sweet
grandcat

what
Looove it!
My wife is literally making one of these right now, same pattern and everything. Pretty dang cute.
What’s her Etsy???
Your mother in law is fantastic!!! This won the internet for me today!
It would’ve have been more fitting had your mother in law spent all that time making that lovely cat furniture and the cat be laying on the floor directly next to it. Because...cats.
Aw he's a nebelung cat! They are the sweetest cats.  I have one too
My cat looks like your cat
Tell your mom-in-law she did an awesome job! 

If it’s something that she enjoys, I bet she could find a receptive audience for selling her work. (I would be one of them!)
Impressive
John 25:2 says:

And so the Lord required that we build effigies unto him and likewise ordered that we provide unto those of our households.
Holy how long did that take and with what amount of material?
This mother-in-law has won. That's it.
I thought the cat was human-sized for a second and then I took a second look.
Wow! 🥰 That's so adorable and sweet of your mother-in-law. I wish I could learn this later 😊
My only regret is having but one updoot to give.
Gorgeous muted tortie.
**G R A N D C A T**
You’re right. This is important.
Nice! The [pattern](https://www.ravelry.com/patterns/library/kitty-couches-green-sofa) for this is on Ravelry.
That's really nice looking!
What an impressive kitty
I have the patterns for these in my "wish list" This whole thread makes me happy :)
Here it is, that little bit of good left in this world! Great job by your mother in law, it really is a kind gesture.
wow thats so sweet awee
Your MIL is amazing!!!
I want one
This is the cutest thing ever
Grand cat?  Cringe
Want. Does she take commissions?
Wow that’s impressive! She could make a lot of money selling custom ones on Etsy
Envy
It is not important to you. It is important to *us*!
Can me and your mother-in-law be best friends?
Oh that's just too cool.
I did need to know this thank you
When you wonder if you're spoiling your cat
I definitely feel better reformed!
I always love stories of awesome mother-in-laws!  She did an amazing job for her furry little grandchild.  She honestly could start a business!
Now I want one.
It's so very important that I be informed of this also. 


I think this is so precious and actually? I bet you if she wanted to make a side income doing this? 


She would have a lot of orders coming through to her right away. 


At least? I know I would be first in line if possible ...


Note: I just got a kitten and his name is Clyde. I have him posted  all over in various subreddits. I just can't help myself! I know Clyde would want his personal couch and afghan as soon as possible. That's just the kind of guy he is. Or should I say kitten. He's still so small he can fit in the palm of your hand.
Lol...is she hinting at something?  👶
OMG --- this is so sweet and adorable! I am a GMa but I do not do handwork like this and feel so abjectly untalented!!

Beautiful design and work!
Grandcat?
She's amazing!
I almost thought this was my cat. They could be twins! Are they long lost siblings?
This looks EXACTLY like my cat that lived with my family for 18 years. She was amazing. I loved her so much and miss her to this day- she only had 3 paws! I'm getting emotional now ahhhh I'm glad this kitty is getting loved
And the cat is USING it?! Now I'm *really* impressed.
Pattern??? Is there a pattern??? Please god let there be a pattern!!
It is important to me as well. What a catch of an MIL. Jackpot.
Where are all these interesting, talented parents and grandparents? Mine just watch TV and do racist rants.
Your mother in law is the BEST!! Also please tell me about this gorgeous cat.
Way to go MIL! I'm thoroughly impressed
Love it
Awww
All my MIL crochets are blankets made of guilt and manipulation.
Ahhhhhh!!!!!!!!! WILL SHE MAKE MY KITTY  CATS ONE!? Take my money!
This made my night! 
I needed a laugh.
So, where do we order one? ;)
It's important to us too,  thank you.
I kept reading Afghan as again. I’m like this is a lucky cat!!
I needed to know that. Thank you.
This is so ridiculous.......

I LOVE IT! lol
If your cart does to that chair what my cats do to my chairs, that is a lovely but temporary piece.

Nice mom. Tell her an anonymous internet person said so.
make her a hat tooooo
She wants grand babies lol
Love that so much!  My MIL would have done that. She’d bring our cats cotton candy when they visited because they liked it. And at the time my now husband’s brother and sister had kids so she’d get Christmas ornaments with their pics every year. She started getting us an ornament with our cats’ pic since we didn’t have kids. A whole ass sofa and Afghan is another level though!  Keep that MIL. She’s awesome.
Now we’ll all be held to this standard. I’m a failure 
But wait - .  I’m not showing this to MY grand cat
Grandcat?
Take my money! Seriously, can I pay your MIL to make one for my cat Tinker? He is a good boy and also deserves a kitty sofa.
Love the fluffy fur <3
LOVE 💕
I am slacking as a grandmother to my grandcat it seems..
your mother in law is the actual best!
I can't get over how the grandcat likes the crocheted couch and looks a bit grouchy!
Best MIL ever!
That's 100% something my mom would do haha
Love!
That is awesome.
This is the epitome of crocheting grandmas doing cute crochet and I’m here for it
That is freaking adorable. And your cat is gorgeous.
Your MIL is super cool!
No joke, I would buy this for my fur babies so fast if available for purchase.
That’s awesome!
Your mother-in-law has skills!
Why do I hear the happy part of the up theme playing
I HAVE THIS PATTERN BOOK 😂
She looks exactly like my Cat lol
Those are beautiful pieces of art and function. You cat totally appreciates them, I can tell.
This is my favorite thing on the reddits right now. 

Wow many compliments to the MIL, looks like a shitload of work went into that
I that a really small chair or a really big cat?
It is important to us, too! 👏☺️
This is bout to be the top Reddit post of all time
This is precious, and priceless. Kudos to your mother-in-law. 🐈
can you repeat that title please?
;; yo. I’ll pay for your grandma to crochet me an Afghan too. Dead ass. I’ll pay for materials and everything.
Aww
That's the most beautiful thing I've seen today. Thank you for sharing this with us. ❤️❤️❤️
Thank you for sharing! I love it and it looks like kitty does too!
Amazeballs ❤️
My mom crocheted my cat an entire little hut to go around his catbed. 

Little shit won’t sleep in it.
I love everything about this!
I really want to know the dimensions!! Of both the couch and afghan, they are awesome and I am inspired to make something my pup will likely chew on and destroy in a matter of days.
This is delightful!  JustMeowMIL? ;-)
That is very important to me. And my cats. Thank you.
This is the cutest thing ever!
Your mother in law is AWESOME! That’s a cute kitty, too. 🥰
That is awesome. She is very talented.
I literally love this! 💕
nebelung?
Cat: This is the ONE and ONLY time I'm sitting on this. Take you're picture and we're do... I DONT CARE who *kropadaed* anything, take your picture.... *click*
it's great that the cat actually uses it too.

my dogs would probably ignore such a fine gift to sit on top of 1) anything I want to wash, 2) anything I want to throw away, 3) anything I wanted to sit on.
I love this so much. ❤️
Too cute. I wish you would set the cat with an remote or magazine. lol
there may be an international manhunt for your mother-in-law, beware the cat-parents of reddit.
That is amazing! So cute!
This is the BEST thing I’ve seen today.
I think your MIL is as awesome as that kitty!
Your MIL is so cool!!! This is adorable!!!

What’s your kitty’s name???
I would so waste a Lot of money on that!  For real tho.
My mom crochets stuff for my dog and I love it so much!
This is my future
Theres a very profitable side business right there!
What's a grandcat
I did not know I needed this information, but I'm super glad I have it!
What a beautiful work of art!  That's so sweet of her.
r/brandnewsentence
Omg I love it! ❤️that is Super Cute.!❤️And I just love that beautiful Kitty.❤️ 🐾
The detail & love she put in this! My icy heart melted today from such wholesomeness & I really need that rn! Thank you for the warm fuzzies 💗💗💗
it's looks like lucy my old cat i miss her so much .
Meowch (:
OMG - I hope she had as much fun doing it as we do looking at it!  Too sweet...
This is so charming. How did you get him in it??? My cat only goes inside the cardboard boxes that the rest of her furniture came in.
Also love grandcat. Also love your mom.
Now that is fantastic!
Your cat looks identical to my cat
Awww it's a kitty kouch.


I want one, then we could start some sort of kitty kouch klub.
So cute! How did u get the cat to sit on it though?
Aww
It’s important for all of us.
Aaaaannnd... kitty loves it.
Can I  commission on for mine? Way too adorable
That’s cute, I almost want one for my little lady
Wow! I could totally see my MIL doing this and my cats refusing to ever touch it...
Strong work grandma!
Any interest in trading MIL’s? Mine has almost no redeeming qualities except for a full liquor cabinet because she is a functioning alcoholic.
As a woman with a mother who quilts / wants grandchildren as well as a sister who crochets... I approve 👍
My jack Russell likes to sit on the little foam kid chair.
Oh my goodness. 😻
This is so adorable and wholesome!! Thank you for showing us !  I’d want to share it too If I were you 😂😍
“It’s purrfect”
What is a grandcat? Is it the grandson of your cat or the grandmother/father of your cat?
Sell on Etsy please
Baller!
That's absolutely fantastic. Does she make them in human size?
The perspective is wrinklin' my brain, man...
Okay so how do I order one???
That is a very JYMIL! And a beautiful grandcat.
I LOVE THIS♥️♥️♥️ how adorable !!!
🥺😭🖤
This is amazing
that's amazing.  and perfect.  thank you fellow internet person.
i can’t tell if the cat is just big or the couch is small
Fantastic job 👍
I’m having a moment over this.
This is definitely the most important thing I have learned/seen today.
Welp, I’m convinced we have the [same cat ](https://i.imgur.com/RaK8I8m.jpg)
I will upvote 100 times. Best cat grandma ever. Is very stylish!  (She could sell those!)
THAT ROCKS!
Mrow.
I love that your MIL has taken to grand-catmother-hood so well! Hehe 💜
💖💖💖
That little afghan is stressing me out. So many ends. 

She loves that cat.
She MADE that couch? Oh, that is so rad! And the afghan! Wow.
Need to speak with your mother-in-law for some advices
This is love
This is such an awesome idea.  She did a beautiful job.  I love it.  I’m adding this to my retirement goals.
"We need more purple on the right" - Ahmed the Coordinating Afghan.
Tell your MIL I need the pattern to that couch. That is adorable
This is beautiful
r/knithacker
I have been crocheting for 64 years and have never seen a project that is so much fun!   Did she do it free hand, or from a pattern?  Great choices on the yarn colors.
I have the exact same cat
I want one!!!
Isn't that an antimacassar?
Omg that looks so much like my cat
Face says gramma made me dis and I love grandma so here I loaf.
this is genius, I need one.
damn fine MIL you got there. mine is content BEING a cat bed. the adorableness of my mornings is going in to make sure she took her meds and seeing her, 3 cats and a chihuahua all cuddled up together.
That is beautiful
OMG so freaqing cool!
😻🥳🎖😭❤🥰🎆🏆😻
Your MIL is the most awesome person that has ever lived.
I love how the cat looks like it’s giant because the couch is small.
Cool and all, but my cat would have that unraveled and destroyed in 5 minutes
Does MIL have an Etsy shop?
I wish to own your mother-in-law's pattern
This is exceptionally good
Think of the children
But vvvvbb
your cat is adorable! looks a lot like my old girl. I miss her so much
She needs to make an Etsy account. This is awesome!
Please cross post this to /r/crochet
I wish anyone loved me as much as your mother in law loves this cat😂
❤️ 🐾 I absolutely *LOVE* this photo! And I’m super grateful for people like your mother-in-law, who cares a lot about you, and her grandcat! ❤️ 🐾
Oh that's SO AWESOME!   
BUT I'll bet now she's after you for a human grandchild....
Hey... I’m on reddit because it isn’t social media
That's really cute, and what a lucky cat.  Is she gong to have a little TV tray to put her milk and cat food on?
No one show this to my daughters-in-law... I don’t think my fingers and wrists could take this workout! Nor do I want to weave in all of those ends!
Looks like this cat is saying "Stay away from MY couch or else."
 v a f c fx  xe d xv afcertuxxeddxeexeert*rewq xx c xfxciutrfff  e$oxrxzzrxe  xen oxxexfaerecrř
awwwww!!!
Just gonna leave this here:  [https://www.buzzfeed.com/sydrobinson1/cat-posts-week-august-3-2020](https://www.buzzfeed.com/sydrobinson1/cat-posts-week-august-3-2020)
You have the coolest mother-in-law!!!
And its important that your mother-in-law knows that social media thinks she's AWESOME!
