If anybody wants to watch a movie about how puppies become guide dogs there is a movie on Netflix call Pick of the litter! You will not regret it!

Edit: Sorry to anybody who lives in the USA - I should have said Netflix Canada
Such a good boy/girl
Puppy is velvet
Oh, wow!  I took this video for the Guide Dog Foundation & America's VetDogs 😃 You can follow them on all social platforms.

Edit: they are two NY based nonprofit organizations, and I photograph every litter...yes, I love my job.

THE PUPS NAME IS JESSICA 🥺
Um hello 911 my heart just melted
I know that we've genetically engineered dogs for thousands of years to be cute and that our species have coevolved to love each other, but still, holy shit... it makes no sense how adorable this thing is.
The pup is so cute I forgot what year we were in
This pup is a lighthouse for everyone who searches a good boy/gal
A guide to cuddles.
I want that puppy to guide me 🥺
I used to be a puppy raiser for the Guide Dog Foundation when I was in college. I absolutely loved it and can't wait to do it again with my son when he is older. It was a wonderful and rewarding experience.
I have never seen a more beautiful baby.
This puppy is from the Guide Dog Foundation /America's Vet Dogs in NY. They provide guide dogs to folks who qualify, and service dogs to vets, free of charge. They do amazing work. My spouse has a GD from there.

If you can, donate a few bucks. It's very expensive to raise and train these dogs, and the folks who get one aren't charged anything (except your own expenses at home like vet, food, toys). 

Spouse's GD has changed our lives.
He guides you to the nearest stick.
🥺🥺🥺 dogs deserve the world
This was me when mom made me wear my older brother's hand me downs.

"Don't worry. You'll grow into it" she told me.
At UGA, they have a guide dog training program for students, so dogs are all over the place. They're the goofiest, most bumbling things ever.
Excuse my ignorance, but what will this type of dog do? How does it differ from a seeing eye dog?
I am filled with emotion
Awwwh omg little baby is ready to help their hooman
I got my (now retired) guide dog from them! Guide Dog Foundation is a wonderful organization and they’re constantly on the lookout for volunteers and puppy raisers (someone to raise a puppy and do basic training for the first 16-18 months before the pup goes in for formal guide work). They’re great.
A new addition to Paw Patrol.
In the eternal words of Rachel Green, "Oh he's so pretty i could cry"❤️
Dogs are something we never deserved
This puppy is from the Guide Dog Foundation in Smithtown, NY! I’m raising my third puppy for them right now and it’s such an amazing experience! You get them when they’re not much older than here and raise them for about a year and a half until they go in for formal training. In most states they have the same access rights as service dogs and can go everywhere with you! It’s incredibly hard to give them up, but they really do change their handlers’ lives. If you’re interested in puppy raising you should go to guidedog.org!
"OH look how cuuute!" "OH MY GAAHHHD!"

These ladies do this all the time and are still stunned at how fucking adorable puppies are. I hear ya, ladies. I hear ya.
What a sweet pup :)
Omg!!!!  I am watching this all day. That face is pure joy.
Labrador puppies are just chunks of heaven. What a cute pup.
I have socialized about 20 different puppies for the guide dog foundation!
I was just recently approved to raise a guide dog puppy and I'm sooo anxiety waiting for November when I can come pick them up!!!
Awwwwww
Awww!
Hey buddy! Good to see you!
Guiding his way into my heart
I am picked!   I’m gonna be a HELPER doggo!  Much training and all needed.  But SO proud!!
/r/gifsthatendtoosoon
PETA members having a meltdown over this cute video hehe
/r/dogswithjobs
Guide dogs and other service dogs are just so cool, if I ever come into a load of money I'd like to somehow start something, a foundation or whatever, to help expand the whole concept.
I've learnt that dogs are also used to sniff samples to check for diseases and such and with their fantastic sense of smell, they are never wrong! How cool is that?
I helped deliver this little girl!! I work for Guide Dog Foundation on the whelping team! If you want to follow this beautiful girl’s journey to becoming a Guide Dog follow her on Instagram @karlee.gdf   🖤♥️💛
Repawting\*
Time to make my self blind!
Oh my god his widdle vest is too big for tha shmoopie!
Chick magnet for sure.
WoW so cute :)
I was not expecting to be attacked by cuteness like this
Hes the guide to my heart
Too cute.

Btw is somebody ripping farts in the background? We all react to cute differently, I guess.
I used to puppy walk for Guide Dogs. A very rewarding and worthwhile experience. You get a puppy at around 6 weeks, you basic train and socialise the puppy. All expenses are covered. They go back in for formal training at about a year old, dependent on breed. I loved it
Very cute
*i did not volunteer*
I want to squdge him so badly!!
GIFS THAT END TOO SOON
OK. He's hired.
He’s going to do such a good job
My favorite story about service dogs is about a mobility service dog that completed the training but failed the test.   So he knew how to open doors turn on and off lights and get things out of the fridge but he would only do it when he felt like it not on command.
Just looking at that adorable pup is enough to cure people of depression
Ill be damned if that isn't the cutest puppy I've seen all year.
Those. Fucking. EYES!
You give him all the treats and love he deserves or else I will slap you
Oh would you look at that snoot
I am a dog lover.  To me people who have their ‘emotional support’ pets in grocery stores barking and attacking people on planes are seriously selfish.  There are blind people who have well trained dogs that improve their lives massively.   There are also people with other serious medical conditions who need their dogs with them.   Bless the guide dogs and the people who train them.
There is a group that trains guide dogs in my neighborhood. It’s adorable and impressive to watch them working. There are also amazing human beings (and I hate hyperbolic overuse of the word amazing, so I mean it) people who raise the puppies for the first year or so and then GIVE THEM BACK.
🥰🥰🥰🥰
One of the best jobs I ever had was when I was a photo assistant and we were photographing dog clothes and my job was to dress puppies and get them to look at me and stay still for the pictures.
I'm biased because of my childhood, but Labs are hands-down the best dogs ever!
Man.. this is the 6th time that my cuteometer has broken , I have to go get another one
Oh. My. God. The cuteness is unbearable.
That dog will serve with respect
Cutest darn thing!
Yo that dog wearing that is beautiful. I might have to buy my dog one of those 🤣🤣🤣🤣
I swear I can hear one woman speaking Vietnamese to the puppy. Can someone pls confirm? Haha
Oh what a good little boy
Thank you for your future service, little trooper! :-)
Love a pup in uniform 😍
Which breed
I love it when the vests are too big for them!
FOLLOW UPVOTE PARTY GIVE THE OG PHOTOG HER DUE!!!
Awww...now I’m in cuddle mode!
Guide you to cuddle town..
Oh lord.
Hello yes, I am blind as of 5 seconds ago, can I has floof now?
Omg I have heard this is so amazing
That's literally the cutest dog I've ever seen. Those eyes. So filled with expression.
This is real awww material right here
Dogs are in the solid top 10 list of best things about earth.
My heart has melted
I would snuggle him all day😍
Need a shirt. "I may not guide yet, but I will lead one day!"
My grandfather went blind in his late 40s due to a degenerative eye disease. He had 2 seeing eye dogs (obvs not at the same time). Both were german shepherds & TRULY phenomenal dogs. We kids spent our summers with my grandparents in the late 70s/early 80s & spent a lot of time around the dogs.

The first, Prima, was the sweetest dog. She was almost eliminated from the program because she was a licker. I guess being too affectionate/interested in other people can be too distracting for the dog. She used to cross her paws when she laid down so she always got attention if we were out to dinner. She’d lay quietly under the table with her little paws crossed politely. 😆

The second, Krissy, was far more playful & energetic. I remember spending many afternoons running around with her & playing tug-a-war with dog toys. I believe she’s the one in this [picture (to the right of my grandfather).](https://imgur.com/gallery/3RCmlIQ) 

The Pick of the Litter movie was very accurate from my recollection. The only thing I noticed was that grandfather’s dogs learned their commands in German and the dogs in the movie learned them in English. IIRC, German is used so the dog clearly recognizes their master’s command even in a busy/loud environment. There are several different organizations training seeing eye dogs now so it may just vary depending on that.
I would take a bullet for that dog
So proud of him/her <3
I don’t understand how someone couldn’t be a “dog person”
I do not approve of child labor. 

But i will approve of this good boy.
Officer Doofy reporting for duty
She’s so unsure of herself, but she is doing her best and it is absolutely adorable
She is so unsure of herself, but she is doing her best and it is absolutely adorable
Hope he makes it!
good boy
I suddenly feel so much better just because of this puppy. Thanks for sharing.
Imagine commiting a crime and see a pack of puppies chase you.

Man, just arrest me
Not to be that guy but the only thing this little guy is guiding is love into my  heart...and thats more than enough
Wow nice
all I want to do is smoooosh this one..
The little head tilts always make me melt!
Just like my kids I wish they could stay that age forever
I feel safer with him around
Anyone who doesn't love him has no soul.
I'll take 5 of those please.
Help, my heart has melted into a puddle  ❤
Ill take your entire stock
If he flunks out of school I’d like to be first in line to adopt him 😭
IF ANYONE HURTS EVEN ONE HAIR ON THE BABY’S HEAD, I’ll cry 🙇‍♂️
Protect this pup at all costs.
Guide me to give all hugs to you, Sweetie!
Cutie reporting for duty!
Got his/her whole life ahead of him/her. Looka dat cutey! This sub got me falling in love every 2 minutes.
I'm training my dog to be a seizure response dog.  He's two, he hasn't had the literal YEARS of training these guys do to become service animals.  He missed out on the socialization and all of that.

And when I want to gently mock him for doing something silly, I tell him, "You'll never be a Seeing Eye/Guide Dog."  These dogs are AMAZING.  

If you don't know about them, they are the best of the best, the cream of the crop.  The ones that flunk become seizure response, police dogs, bomb sniffers, they become everything else.  Or they become very well trained pets.  

For those who see a dyad of Guide/Seeing Eye and human out and about, DO NOT PET THE DOG.  Do not distract the dog!  You're basically taking someone's cane, someone's crutches, someone's wheelchair out from under them.  Yes, it's a cute dog (they nearly always use breeds that happen to be cute), but it is that person's device of mobility.  And I can guarantee that dog has saved that person's life.  They have directed their human six inches to the left around a car that would have hit them.  They have directed their human away from an open manhole cover.  They have stopped their human because the walk light changed faster than expected and so they stopped in the middle area to wait for the next crossing.  These guys are the fucking Eagle Scouts of dogs.  

And what do they want?  Pats on the head, treats, and a ball thrown for them (they know how to bring it back so their blind human can find it and throw it again).  

Just as a fun fact, if it hasn't been said elsewhere, both Seeing Eye and Guide Dogs for America schools where you can get a service dog for blind people.  That's why they're capitalized and rather interchangeable but different.  It's like saying Cornell/Harvard.  Yes, they're both Ivy League schools, but they're two very different schools.  They both teach similar subjects, but they're two different schools.  Same here.  Seeing Eye is one school, Guide Dog is another.  So some dogs are Seeing Eye dogs, some are Guide Dogs.  They're both going to lead their human around very very well.

Source: My BIL is blind, he doesn't have a dog, but I've being a designated sighted driver many times for him and his group, and so I've been around a BUNCH of these dogs.  Some Seeing Eye, some Guides.  And now I'm training my own service animal who can't hold a candle to these Einsteins.
i would trust her with my life
Dictionary definition of puppy eyes
Oh that is a very good boy
How beautiful
I wanna kiss their forehead 100 times on day! 😍
Today I learned, love at first sight is real.
Wtf this is the cutest shit I’ve ever seen.
I like how his little uniform is still too big on his little puppy body.
Oh god so cute i can't fuckung handle such cuteness godd
such a good girl
what a wingman that little guy is, just guiding all the chicks that see him to you
Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
Look at this baby
What an absolute cutie :*
The cutest little worker!
[removed]
This looks like Toby from the office
Robotic guide dogs are a thing
sweet!
Oh my goshhhh we know who’s the best boi!!!
ADORABLE
Such a good doggo 🐶
Looks like my dog when she was a puppy. She’s still cute!
I need guidance
He can guide me anywhere
So adorable!!
Precious. He looks just like my dog did when he was a baby.
I will die for that beautiful creature
I’ll take him! And I’ll name him, and I’ll keep him
Oh my gosh. What a cute hero!
Whenever I look at my lab puppy, the only question that comes to mind is how the hell are they capable of being guide dogs!
He will grow into his responsibilities eventually
Cutest guide dog I have ever seen
Definitely needed this after seeing the returned teddy bear post.
Yeah hi,  i'll take 46 please.
Awwwwwww lucky owner whoever gets him what a handsome little doggo 💗💗💗😍
I miss that age, my black lab is just a year old and she weighs 70 lbs.
Hey helpful lil cutie.
Looks like Don Toliver
So cute
I'm a teacher,, and the students at my school train these dogs. So almost every year, I'll have one of these little guys in my classroom as a little mascot and I love it.
Whyyyyy did I have to see this an hour after I left for work? 7-8 hours until I can head back home for cuddles from my pups. 

Hopefully this day goes by quickly because the cute puppy eyes I left at home weigh heavier now lol.
What a cutie pie 😍
Good doggie
I started watching Joy Ross’s videos on YouTube and it’s been really cool seeing how she navigates life as a blind person. I didn’t realize until watching her videos how inaccessible most things are. And she has had really cute guide dogs
This is fuckin' absurd how cute this thing is. Gosh dammit
Probably gonna get hate for saying this and I understand why,  but when I was young my mom got us a tea cup pig (teacup pigs don’t exist but that’s not the point) and she had a therapist friend that wrote a letter saying the pig was an emotional support animal so we could fly with it.  You wouldn’t believe the TSA securities faces when we pulled a little piglet out of the pet carrier too walk through the metal detector.
He keeps leading me to the kibbles!!
Aww :)
This is absolutely adorable!
HELLO YES I NEED GUIDED THANK YOU
Charckie
My cousins family trained guide dogs. Only 1 of their 3 passed the final test.
A cute guide dog? 

Ara so~
Aren't you a little short for a stormtrooper?
I have a dog that looks nearly identical to that one but I don’t know the breed. Does anyone know what breed he/she is?
May I steal this dog for my puppy army
dogs cry and then come back
No. I'm not crying 😭
Private cuddles reporting duty sir!
It's a good thing they wait until they're grown to put them in service, or I'd hugging doggos all day long. ❤️❤️❤️
Have you got this in a size 0?
I wanna see it smile
Small boi
awwww
Post this on r/lounge
Oh my goodness! So cute! I love how the harness is tight as it can be and is still too big 🥺🥺
Love him
Very cute Doggo
It always fits...eventually!
My friends parents used to raise guide dog puppies for the first few months of their lives before they went on to proper training. They were so cute and well behaved!
So adorable 😍
I want to be protected by this little fella
It's really a trip to see an actual service dog working.  You have to look twice because the ones I've seen are unobtrusive and don't attract attention.  They're under control and totally focused on their person. 

As opposed to the fake ones.  Lady, your chihuahua who is terrified of everything IS NOT A SERVICE DOG. It doesn't  matter what the vest you got off the internet says.  The retractable leash was another giveaway. The dog being unfocused on the handler was yet another.
And they are appreciated so much. My father in law is waiting for a new one, it’s been a year but no luck yet. He just can’t get out without one, such a long waiting list
He is a guide dog because he will guide you to happiness.
Be right back, blinding myself...
Cutest
The pups are on the case !!!
Dog's are very Good
I would purposely get into trouble for this little baby to save me :>
I've actually heard from sources who work in disabilities that guide dogs can be extremely depressed from the lack of exercise and other things as they do their service for the human. Now, that doesn't mean all experience this, but I heard a lot do.
A slave to the sightless ones !!!
*dingaling*

Dog food shop
"GuiDe dOGs caN'T bE bLacK!"

&#x200B;

Still hate the bus driver who said that
What happens to guide dogs when they “retire “ - when they can no longer guide?
Yes
What is the dog's breed?
What breed is this dog
ok lol
Does anyone know what breed this is?
I have autism and I’ve always wanted a guide dog!!
Why he sho smol?
u/vredditshare
What a proud little pupper!!!
So cute 😍!
Okay, I'm following...
Mmmmmm food
Okay my heart may have actually melted a little bit right there
An adorable dog that's ready to play his duty.
 Y
😢 😔
/u/vredditshare
u/vredditshare
u/vredditshare
What a cutie pie💜
u/vredditshare
Looks cute with the vest
thank you amigo, impressive [https://petcare4all.com/dogs/eat-dogs/can-dogs-eat-mayo/](https://petcare4all.com/dogs/eat-dogs/can-dogs-eat-mayo/) I support dogs likewise :)
Everyone here acting as if the head tilts weren't the best parts of the video.
That's fake at, everybody knows guide dogs can't be black ..... duh /s
"Wat iz gide dog?" -Him.
Poor animal has to Work right after birth and seeing the world
I will never understand how people manage to train labs to be guide dogs. They're so sweet but they're such dummies
The dog looks cute to me I would like to have one maybe another colour
Poor pupper
Being a guide dog would be super depressing.
Is this an actual guide dog? The sounds they're making seem like the dog is just dressing up.
Nothing like robbing a puppy of its childhood.
This reminded me of my dead dog that died when it was a puppy sad sad
Can anybody give me a clear and unbiased answer to how is this ethical?

This dog is cute as hell, nobody denies that. I also believe they have better life than most dogs out there (if they qualify to be guide dogs), and generally speaking, being a guide dog is probably one of the better lives a dog can live. Still, I have problem processing the fact that everybody just melts down how adorable this puppy is and seem to not care about that this little ball of fur has his/her life already decided for him/her.

I do understand that people with reduced vision or any other problems might need and greatly benefit from having a guide dog and the love between the person and the companion animal can be pure and completely based on mutual love and respect. But I just don't understand how this process is in any way acceptable. Specifically breeding a sentient animal to be of service to humans in that one life that has been given to them. We decide for them, without their consent. How is that ethical? I also can not really grasp my head around how can anybody *own* a dog or a cat, but this just take it to another level.

Most of the people who say how cute this little puppy is probably pet lovers. You most probably agree that pets should be treated equally to humans. They should not suffer needlessly, they should live without fear and torture and should be given the best possible life. But it all starts with a selfish, non consensual decision that we make solely based on our needs. How is this different from a parent telling its child that its gonna be a lawyer or a musician and that is final. We wouldn't say that the parent is considerate or kind. We would condemn that kind of behavior.

So on what basis we think we can breed, train, and use these dogs for our pleasure and comfort? Because we are more intelligent? Because we simply can? because even though we exploit them, we give them a good life so it justifies our actions? I'm asking honestly, so if you answer, please do it the same way.
